METROPOLITAN INFIRMARY for the
CURE of STRICTURES of the URETHRA,
GONORRHEA, GLEETS, SYPHILIS, &c. This Insti-
tution is closed, but as the Surgeon of it feels assured that
there are hundreds suffering under the diseases, to the cure of
which it was especially devoted, who would gladly avail them-
selves of his professional assistance, rather than place them-
selves under the charge of chemists, or, worse still, have re-
course to any of the dangerous and inefficient nostrums daily
advertised, he has made arrangements to see patients at his
own residence, at the mere expense to the patient of the neees-
sary medicine. Thus persons of limited means have now an
opportunity of securing for themselves a mode of treatment
that, whilst it is based on experience, is regulated by the pecu-
liarities which their own cases and constitutions may require;
thereby freeing themselves from the absurdities and dangers
that wait upon the employment of one kind of medicine for all
forms of these diseases, without regard to these essential
particulars.

Apply at 42, Great Marlborough-street, Regent• street,
from Eight to Ten in the morning, and from Seven to Nine
in the Evening. On Sundays in the Morning, but not in tho
Evening

PIANO-FORTES.

EXTENSIVE REDUCTION IN CASH PRICES.

RWORNUM, INVENTOR and 'WANU-
• FACTURER of PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION
PIANO-FORTES, at the MUSIC HALL, STORE-
STREET, BEDFORD-SQUARE.

Guineas.

THE PICCOLO,
Guineas.
Plain in Mahogany 3O Best
Elegant, with Trusses... 38 Ditto with Cylinder 42
Plain Rose-wood 42 Elegant, from 46 to 5O

COTTAGE AND CABINET,
From 42 guineas to

..105

POCKET GRAND HORIZONTAL,
From 55 guineas to...

IMPERIAL GRAND HORIZONTAL,
From 75 guineas to.

...125

The above Instruments are all equally well manufactured and
prepared for extreme climates.
The Piccolo stands 3 feet 8 inches high, and the Pocket
Grand is only 5 feet 4 inches long.
A liberal allowance to Exporters and Dealers.

This extensive reduction has been drawn from the Adver-
tiser as a measure of protection to his New Piccolo Piano-
forte ; the success of which has induced certain Manufacturers to
announce and sell Instruments of a different character under the
same name, by which the public are deceived and the Inventor
injured.

THE FREQUENT ROBBERIES OF
PLATE.

CAUTION.
It having been represented to RIPPON and BURTON that
everal persons are vending a spurious metal as their NICKEL
SILVER BRITISH PLATE, they assure the Public that
the Genuine Article can only be had at their Warehouses, 12,
Wells-street, Oxford-street. The Nickel Silver British Plate
manufactured by Rippon and Burton, is, by a chemical process,
tendered superior to any other so called, in appearance and
durability ; it is equal to silver ; all the articles being solid and
of wrought material, they improve with use, and are war-
ranted to stand the test of that strong acid aquafortis. The
ollowing prices are named as a criterion :
s. d.'

S. d

Table Spoons and Forks, full - - King's Pattern Table Spoons
size, with fiddle handles, and Forks, full size, per
per dozen
Dessert do. lO 0 80. Dessert, do. do., per
Pea Spoons, per dozen 5 0 dozen 25 0
Gravey Spoons, each 4 0 Do. Tea, do. do. do l2 0
Fish Knives, each
Butter Knives 2 0 Do. Fish Knives, do.
Salt and Mustard Spoons .... 0 6 Do. Salt and Mustard Spoons,
Soup Ladles - 6 6 do 1 3
Sauce Ladles 6 Do. Soup Ladles, do l3 0
Sugar Tongs, each
Table Candlesticks, per pair 12 0 Do. Sugar Tongs, do.
Chamber ditto, complete, Decanter Stands, chased
each 8 6 edges, per pair
Cruet Frames, Shell Mount- Snuffers, do 4 6
ings
Bread Baskets, Tea and Coffee Sets to snatch, &c.
Purchasers are recommended to apply, post paid, for a Cata-
logue, which can be forwarded for a single postage.
WARRANTED TABLE CUTLERY.

Table Knives, with Ivory Handles, per doz. 14s.—Dessert
Knives, 12s.—Carvers, per pair, 4s. 6d.—The Long Set of 50
Pieces, 10s.—The same to Balance Table Knives, 16s.—Des-
serts, 14s.—Carvers, ss. 6d.—Large size Ivory-handled Table
Knives, 18s.wDesserts, 16s. per doz.—Carvers, 6s.—The same
to Balance Table, 21s.—Desserts, 15s.—Carvers, 7s. 6d.—
White Done Handled Table Knives and Forks, 9s. per doz.—
Bleak Horn-handled Table Knives and Forks, Its. per doz.—
Desserts, Bs.—Carvers, 2s. 6d.—The Knives and Forks both
warranted.

FENDERS, FIRE IRONS, CORNICE POLES, DISH-

COVERS, BATHS, &c.

Fashionable Black Iron Fenders from 9s.—Bronzed ditto
from 12s.—Brass ditto from 10s.—Polished Steel Fire Irons
from ss.—Block Tin Dish Covers the Set, I ls.—lmproved
shape ditto, 16s.—Patent ditto, the very best quality and newest
shape that is made, 35s.—Japanned Bottle Jacks, warranted to
carry 251133., 7s. 6d.—Brass ditto, 9s. 6d.—Brass Stair Rods,
3s. Od. per doz.—Brass Cornice or Window Curtain Poles,
Is. 311. per foot.—Copper Tea Kettle to hold 1 Gallon, 7s.—
Copper Coal Scoops, from 10s. 6d.—Tea Urns, from 275.
Shower Baths, with Copper conducting Tubes and Pomp, and
with Curtains complete, 100 s.
Purchasers are recommended to visit the Warehouses, Wells-
street, Oxford-street ; or to apply for a Catalogue of prices,
wliich can be forwarded for a single postage. Country Orders
to contain a remittance. All Postages to be paid.
Established 1820.

No. :16, OLD BOND.STREET,"and No 1, OLD JE WRY, CITI.
THE VOICE CONDUCTORS invented by
Mr. E. SOLOMONS are the most powerful Instru..
moots for the relief of deafness. From their minute construction,
and convenient form, deaf persons are enabled to wear them entirely
unseen, and they may be inserted and removed with the greatest fa-
cility. By their use the lowest whisper breathed at a public assembly
vibrates on the organs 3f hearing in such a pleasant manner as to at'.
lord the greatest relief to those labouring under the distressing ail-
ment of Deafness.
Mr. E OLO MONS' PATENT SPECTCLES possess the ad-
vantage of modifying bright and strong light transmitted through
the various humours of the eye, so as to render vision most perfectly
distinct by day, or lamps or candles at night, conveying also a sense
of coolness) and pleasure to the organ, with the additional;recom-
mendation of being free from the pernicious a'tributes of common
glasses. Their superlative excellence is attested by the following
and many other eminent practitioner,, who have examined, used,
and recommended them in prefe.encs to all others :
Sir Anthony Carlisle, F.R.S.. Langham.place.
Sir Benjamin C. Brodie, Bart., F.R.S., &c.,
Sir James E. Anderson, M.D„ 11, New Burlington-street.
James Johnson, Esq., M.D., Suffolk-place.
Bransby B. Cooper, Esq., New-street, Spring Gardens.
J. G. Andrews, Esq., Surgeon to the London Hospital, St. Helen's-
place.
C. Aston Key, Esq.. St. Helen's-place.
John Scott, Esq. 10, New Broad-street.
C. J. B. Aldis, Old Burlingtan-street.
J. Copland, M.D., EMS., Bulstrode-street, Manchester-square.
R. Keate, 15, Albemarle-street.
itus Bi rry, Chester-terrace.
E. W. Dutlin, 14, Langham-place.
John Stephenson, 3S, Conduit-street.
J. T. Conquest, M.D., 13, Finsbury.squar
William t oulson, Frederick-place, Old Jewry.
Martin Ware, New Bridge-street,.
Dr. Blair, Physician to the Sussex County Hospital.
John Lawrence, Esq., Surgeon, ditto.
Richard Middlemore, Temple-row, Birmingham.
John S. Soden, Bath Infirmary.
Tweedy John Todd, Esq., M.D., Grand Parade, Brighton.
Andrew Plummer, Esq., M.D., Old Steyne, do.
Brewster 1.. Seabrook, Esq., Surgeon, Eye Infirmary, do.
A Martin, Esq., M.D., Rochester.
Samuel Newsom Esq., M.R.C.S., do.
Dr. Chisholm, Physician to the Kent and Canterbury Hospital.
Henry Denne Esq., Surgeon, do.
J. Hodgson, Esq., Oculist, Eye Infirmary, Birmingham.
J. J. Ledsam, Esq., do. do. do.
I'rofessor Hufeland, Physician to the King of Prussia' Berlin.
Professor Krcysig, Physician to the King of Saxony, Dresden
Professors Citrus and Kuhl, Oculists, Lenisic.
Professor Ponitz, Oculist, Dresden.
Doctor Schmeisser, Hamburg
James M`Donnell, M.D., Belfast, Ireland.
J. Woodroffe, M.D., Cork, do.
B. llul en, M.D. do. do.
'l'. L Mackey, M.D., Waterford, Ireland.
M. Poole, M.D. do. do.
W. Oorc, M.R.C.S., Limerick. do.
The public are respectfully cautioned against some unprincipled
empirics who have assumed Jr. E S.'s name and profession, and are,
from his immediate neighbour hood, and, with the inest unblushing
effrontery, issuing from the daily press puffs about "Newly-in-
ed :pectacle Lenses, and Hearing Instruments, which are
vcn
fraudulently set forth as possessing the most wonderful powers. The
Glasses are highlyderimental to the sight. The names of some obscure
glasses possess some very
apothecaries and othe.frs
thatare theseud pinernthicitsoaubssurd quackery, to deceive
bpelaiitrThese common Lenses may be purchased for
public are now respect-
peueptaullbtitiltiiuiciriiiiittohae powers.
and for which the most exorbitant charges
against "vmedtfhoer his invention " Royal
Nptra.rtEiess,.hm
Letters Patent," and the patronage of theßoyal Family.
faurellyexcaacutedtionbeydt.he
received
Observe—No 1, Old Jewry, City ; and No. 16, Old Bond-street,
Ticcadilly.

ONE LAW FOR THE RICH, AND
ANOTHER FOR THE POOR.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
SIR-The above saying is true in the case of a young
man of the name of Evenden, who has been transported
for life for a robbery cornmited by him at the branch Post-
office at Charing-cross a few days ago. He was a letter-
carrier, receiving the sum of IL per week, and if he did
extra duty his pay was 3s. more, which is very hard work
now there is a great increase in the number of letters.
He was twenty-one years of age, had been in the office
about two years. The other case which I seriously entreat
your attention to is that of an inspector, who was in the
General Poat-office thirty years ; he was upwards of fifty
years of age. H. made away with several sums of money
belonging to the aforesaid office. What will your nume-
rous readers think was his punishment ? Transportation
for life ? No. Two years' imprisonment? No—only
six months' kind treatment in the Giltspur-street prison,
such as no poor Chartist received in any of the prisons.
Lovett and Collins, to wit. Why there should be such a
difference made in the punishment of these two men I can-
not tell, except it is this, that one received 50/. a year,
and the other about 400/. By letting the above appear in
your excellent paper you will much oblige many of the badly
paid twopenny-post letter.carriers, and none more than
A POSTMAN OF TWENTY YEARS'
STANDING.

[We have repeatedly adverted to the unfair system
which has so long prevailed in the Post-office Establish-
ment, of paying the public servants in the higher depart-
ments large salaries, while some of the hard-working let-
ter-carriers and letter-sorters arc limited to 195., and even
16s. a week ; and others, after many years' service, receive
only 20s. or 255. a week. This certainly is miserable pay
for a public servant; and now that the labour is increased,
it would be only just and expedient that the pay should be
increased also.]

BIRMINGHAM AND GLOUCESTER RAILWAT.—We
can now confidently state, that the Birmingham and
Gloucester Railroad will be opened on or before the Ist
of July next, from Barnt Green, eleven miles from
this town to Cheltenham ; and by the end of the year
it is fully calculated that the whole line will be com-
pleted and opened to the public from Birmingham to
Cheltenham.—Birmingham Gazette.
Mr. Wellsted, the author of " Travels in Ara-
bia," is, we observe, on the point of publishing a new book of
travels, which must be eagerly looked forward to by all who
have read his former delightful production. The Quarterly
Review observed, with justice, that Mr. Wellsted is "an officer
who neglects no opportunity in the midst of his professional du-
ties of extending our knowledge regarding sundryportions of the
Eastern World, hitherto but very imperfectly explored." His
new work bears the attractive title of " Travels to the City of
the Caliphs, along the Shores of the Persian Gulph and the
Mediterranean, including a Voyage to the Coast of Arabia, and
a 'four on the Island of Socotra." It will form two octavo
♦plumes, with illustrations. _ _

The 0---xfo;d—C7h;viiide says that neither the
City nor the University has made yet any preparations to cele-
brate her Majesty's birthday.
DEATH OF MR. SHERIFF DUFF.--We regret
to state that this excellent judge and estimable gentleman died
at his house, Charlotte-square, on Sunday afternoon, after a lin-
gering illness. He had been for nearly twenty-one years Sheriff
of county, having formerly acted in the same capacity for a
period of twelve years in Forfarshire. During his long tenure
of office, Mr. Sheriff Duff
possessed the respect of the profes
sion to which he belonged, and secured the esteem of all classes
and parties by the patient assiduity, the uniform impartiality,
the. courtesy, and the judgment with which he discharged his
dates. —Edinburgh Advertisur.
•

MEETING IN BIRMINGHAM.
(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
BIRMINGHAM, WEDNESDAY.
Yesterday evening a most numerous and highly-re-
spectable meeting assembled in the Town Hall, for the
purpose of receiving the Rev. W. Knibb, the well-
known Baptist Missionary, of Jamaica, on his arrival
in this country, with Mr. E. Barrett and Mr. J. Beck-
ford, two emancipated Africans, as a deputation to the
approaching Anti-Slavery Convention, to be held in
London, for the total abolition of slavery and the
slave-trade throughout the world. The time appointed
for holding the meeting was seven o'clock, at which hour
every portion of the Hall was filled by a most respect-
able audience who seemed to take a deep interest in the
proceedings. The organ gallery was crowded by
number of influential gentlemen, including Wesleyan,
Baptist, and Independent ministers.
Captain MooßsoM, R.N., on taking the Chair, was
received with loud cheers, after which he opened the
business of the evening in an appropriate speech. He
said that they had been called together by the Bir-
mingham Anti-slavery Society for the purpose of
giving a reception to the Delegates who had arrived
from Jamaica to attend the Anti-Slavery Convention
—a Convention, the object of which was to put down
slavery of all kinds all over the world. The Rev. Mr.
Knibb, with whose name they were familiar—(Cheers)—
that burst of acclamation showed him that he need say
no more of that gentleman—was accompanied by
two men of colour, each of whom was a Deacon of
a Baptist congregation, and they would !detail to the
meeting the results of that emancipation, achieved by
the efforts of the British people. They would leara
from the statements made to them that evening, that
attempts were being made to infringe the rights and
liberties of the negroes, and to prevent them from
choosing the masters they wished to serve, and the
peculiar trades they wished to follow ; that attempts
were being made to confine them both to place and bu-
siness. It would be, however, the duty of the friends
of freedom in England to take care that no Bill received
the Royal Assent which would in any way diminish the
just rights of the people, and which would be, after
all, but a repetition of the enactments of slavery.
—(Hear, hear, hear.) The object of the Convention,
was, as he had stated, to put an end to slavery.
which unhappily was still carried on to a lamentable
extent. It had been calculated by Mr. Powell Buxton
that the slave trade annually consigned to misery,
wretchedness, and death 375,000 of the natives of
Africa, irrespective of thousands annually destroyed by
Mahomedan slavery. To aid in the great work of de-
stroying this monstrous evil, the Rev. Mr. Knibb and
his two friends had come amongst them, and he had no
doubt they would give them a hearty welcome.
JOSEPH STURGE, Esq., then came forward and in-
troduced Mr. J. Beckford to the meeting, observing
that he was deacon to a congregation in Jamaica, which
he was in the habit'of addressing in his own chapel. As,
however, he had never had an opportunity of speaking
before so large an assembly as the present, he (Mr.
Sturge) hoped they would give him their kind attention.
Mr. BECKFORD, on presenting himself, was received
with general acclamation by the meeting ; after which
he proceeded to address the assembly, but in so low a
tone, that we could but imperfectly gather the sub-
stance of 11.:s remarks. _ _ _

Mr. STURGE next introduced Mr. Barrett, with whom
he had become acquainted in Jamaica. His history
was rather interesting, and he should make an observa-
tion or two in reference to it. In the year 1832, when
the horrors of slavery had driven part of the population
of that island into a state of rebellion, the whole of the
inhabitants of the Oxford Estate fled from it, !cavity,* all
the property in the hands of the slaves ; but though the
white men professing Christianity had doomed him to
interminable slavery, and in his person had trampled on
all laws, human and divine, Edward Barrett had learned
from the religion of Christ, while in that bondage, that
the only revenge he could take for the wrongs heaped
upon him was to return good for evil ; and such was the
influence he possessed over his fellow bondsmen, that he
kept them quietly at work for six weeks, till the white
men ventured to return. For this act, even the House
of Assembly showed they entertained some value by
voting him 101., and when the proprietor of the
estate was informed of his conduct he offered
him his freedom. Now Edward Barrett could
tell them that no one could fully estimate
the value of freedom, but those who had once been
slaves. He, however, had a son arrived at the age of
manhood, to whom the yoke of bondage was less en-
durable, and he therefore requested that his son might
be liberated instead of himself.—( Loud applause.) This-
request was granted, and he had no prospect but that
goods and chattles of his master.
of ending his days the
But on the Ist of August, 1888, through their efforts, '
and the efforts of the British public generally, the last
link of the chain which bound him and others in Ja-
maica was broken, he trusted, for ever.—( Hear, and
cheers.) Mr. Barrett now stood before them a free
man ; and while he knew they would rejoice in welcom-
ing him and his companions as Christian brethren, equal
in all respects to themselves in the sight of God, he
(Mr. Barrett) would rejoice to tell them what a glori-
ous change liberty had wrought for his countrymen in
Jamaica.—(Cheers.)
Mr. BARRETT here came forward and delivered a ,
short address, in the course of which he replied to
some of the charges brought against the negroes, re-
specting the falling off in the production of sugar, by
stating that while tile planters, during the time of
slavery, compelled their children and wives to work in
the fields from morning to night, they now sent their
children to school, and allowed their wires to fill the
station for which they were intended, that of attending
to their families and homes.

The Rev. Mr. KNIPB on presenting himself was re-
ceived with great enthusiasm. He assured the meet-
ing it was with no ordinary feelings of pleasure he arose
on that occasion to unfold, as far as time would per-
mit, some of those glorious scenes that had transpired
in Jamaica, and which bad been brought about by the
united energies of the Christian Church, and of the
philanthropic portion of the land of his birth. There
was a fitness (at least it so appeared to him) that one of
those who had witnessed the results of emancipation
should make his first report in a town, not less re-
nowned for its manufacturing enterprise than for its
determined opposition to slavery, wherever slavery was
found to exist.—(Cheers.) When he remembered the
different meetings that had been hold in Birmingham
in behalf of the slave—when he remembered the ur-
gent appeals and glowing language used by many of
those by whom he was surrounded—he felt he was dis-
charging some portion of that debt of gratitude which
he could but feebly repay, in coming forward and lay-
ing before them some of the glorious results which had
taken place in the island of Jamaica, and the different
colonies by which it was surrounded. They had heard
of the abolition of slavery—he had seen it. They had
caught the distant sounds of liberty from the Western
Archipelago—he bad stood amidst all their thunders,
and his heart had beat with joy, and never, while me-
mory held her seat, or remembrance existed in his bo-
son, should he forget the joyous scenes he
had witnessed on the memorable Ist of Au-
gust, when things became men, and those
who were before but as goods and chattels stood
in the possession of the common rights and privi-
leges with which God had endowed all his creatures.
These glorious results had been mainly brought about
by the efforts of a band of Christian Missionaries, who
had only the consciousness of duty to support them ;
men who were frowned on by those in power, for ever
the objects of suspicion by the lovers of tyranny and op-'
pression, till, under the power of Christianity, slavery
bowed to its benign and sacred influence.—(Cheers.)
lie was aware that efforts had been made, and would
still be made, to impugn the character of his beloved
brethren ; he was aware it had been said that the sa-
cred duty of a Christian ministry had been surrendered
for the stormy arena of political discussion ; but it was
easier to make these charges than to prove them.—
(Hear, hear.) If to defend the oppressed against the
encroachments of arbitrary power—if to watch with
untiring energy the first breathing of liberty in the in-
habitants of the West—if to sympathise with the
wretched and unfricnded, and strive by day and night
to give them those rights of which they ought never to
have been deprived—if to succour the infirm and the
helpless when in distress and ready to despair—if to se-
,' cure the hard-working peasant a just return for his
labour—if to endeavour to disenthral his mind
from the miasma and pollution of slavery, and teach
him to think of his rights as a man—if to strike from
the bands of the female the chain of loondage and place
in its stead the child of her affection, and tell her that
her home was her place, and not the unsheltered glare
of a burning sun—if these things were political, then,
indeed, would he acknowledge that the Baptist Ails-
sionaries of Jamaica had been political.—((;reat ap-
plause.) He had, in the city of Kingston, in Jamaica,
in the town where be laboured, amongst a people whom
he loved, publicly challenged his enemies to come for-
ward,:if they dared, and refute a single statement which
he had made respecting their guilt, or the good conduct
of those whom they lied so unjustly maligned. He
should not insult an English audience by endeavour-
ing to refute the slander; which, day after day,
and week after week, had been reiterated against
him and his brethren ; he lied brought his accusers
to the bar of justice, and defied them to prove
a single act against then, but, like cowards, they
had slunk from the task.—(Cheers.) He hoped he
would be excused if, now and then, be referred to official
documents as a proof that that which they had done had

met with the approbation of those who were capable
of judging of the rectitude of their conduct.
The Rev. Gentleman here read extracts from the ad-
dress of the Baptist Missionaries of Jamaica to Sir
Lionel Smith, on his retirement from the Government
of that island, and the reply of his Excellency, in which
Sir Lionel Smith bore testimony to the good effected
by the whole body of Missionaries,':iind particularly to
to the efforts of those who had contributed to fit the
peasantry fur freedom amid persecutions, insults, and
dangers, of no ordinary kin]. He (Mr. Knibb) should
not have referred to the reply of Sir Lionel Smith were
it not that the present Governor of Jamaica, before
ha was twenty days in the colony, had dared to traduce
the character of the whole body of Baptist Missionaries,
not one of whom he had ever seen.—( Hear, her.) He
knew it was right to speak of dignitaries with respect ;
but the time was come when, if they were to respect
those placed in authority over them, such men must at
least respect themselves. The Rev. Gentleman here
read extracts from a despatch of Sir Charles
Metcalf, written twenty days after he had as•
smiled the Government of Jamaica, and before
(to the best of his Mr. Knibb's knowledge)
he had visited a single estate, or come in
contact with a single individual belonging to the body
whom he so foully denounced,'eharging the Baptist Mis-
sionaries with entering into political partizanship, and
being influenced by pecuniary considerations in the
course which they adopted in reference to the negro
population. Having vindicated himself and his brethren
from these charges, the Speaker gl tneed at the results
of emancipation, which had more han realised the ex-
pectations of their most ardent friends. It had been
said, and truly said, that there iiad been a falling off in
the produce of the sugar crop since the emancipation of
the slaves ; but it had also been said, and most untruly
said, that it was owing to the influence of the Baptist
Missionaries that this result was to be attributed. It had
been his (Mr. Knibb's) happiness to be called upon to
form, in connection with an attorney in the island, the
first scale of wages on a Jamaica estate, to which not
the least exceptions were made by the people. But
this was not all. They did not fix the price
of wages—the planters had done this themselves.
During the time of slavery, then the negroes
applied to their masters with the view of purchasing
their freedom, the latter were obliged to swear to the
value of their daily labour before the price of manumis-
sion could be settled, and this they valued at four bits
per day. Now, was it to be supposed that a man, hearing
his master swear that his labour was worth four bits a
day, would be disposed to place a lower value upon his
work. But, yet, such was the desire of the Christian
freemen to act justly, that they struck off ene-
third of the sum which their masters had sworn
was their due, and cheerfully worked for two-thirds the
sum.—(Cheers.) Not content with this noble conces-
sion, a meeting of planters was held to sec if they could
not reduce the rate of wages still lower, but here the
Missionaries felt it their duty to protect the people,
and here they made a final stand.—( Hear and cheers.)
They told the planters if the labour of sugar cultivation
was not worth one shilling a-day, that it was time they
turned their hands to something else. Another cause
of the diminution of the produce of the estates in
Jamaica referred to by Mr. Knibb was, that the plan-
ters refused to cultivate the land, under the impression
that the negroes would not work. Another cause of
the diminution in the produce was the unjust manner in
which it was attempted to force exorbitant rents from
the peasantry ; and lie regretted to say that by a law
passed with the sanction of Sir Charles Metcalf, the
owner of a house had the power of raising the rent
every week if he pleased, and ejecting summarily by a
written notice.—(Hear, hear.) To show still further
the oppression to which the negroes were subject, if a
father wished to work on another estate, or to send his
children to school, he was charged tenpence a-week in
the shape of rent for each child. But it might be
said, "We want facts to prove these things." These
facts and these proofs he was ready to produce. He
held in his hand the following document, for the
' genuineness of which he pledged himself. It was
a receipt from " John Spencer," for the sum of 11.
for rent up to the 25th of January, 1840. The
receipt was signed, " Edward Sedgwick." Appended
to the document was the following notice :—" Every
first-class labourer who has been working off the pro-
perty will be required to pay Is.8(1. per week, and all
above ten years old 10(1. per week, and must work five
days in the week, otherwise Is. Bd. will be charged to
the first class, and 10d. to the second, for every day
they absent themselves without a satisfactory reason."
--( Hear, hear.) Did they call this freedom ?—(" No,
no.") This, however, was what was called freedom in
Jamaica, and it was political agitation when they en-
deavoured to put down a system based on fraud. cruelty,
and oppression.—(Cheers.) But this was not all.
Another cause of the diminution of the produce, end
one which the planters could not get over, was this,
that the women had gone to their proper station
in their families, and their children had gone
to their schools. Time meeting was doubtless well
aware that in the time of slavery the mother was
obliged to surrender her child when a month old to some
mercenary on the estate, and return themselves to the
gang in the field, where they were compelled to labour
from morning till night. And did they suppose that
the agents of freedom in Jamaica would have done
their duty if they had not attempted to prevent this ?
No, no ; every one would be delighted to answer, in
whose bosoms glowed the feelings of human beings, and
he confessed that he for one was delighted to find these
women attending to their domestic duties, and the chil-
dren hastening to their schools to receive that instruc-
tion which, he trusted, would make them wise unto
salvation. Mr. Knibb here referred to the rapid pro-
gress which education was making amongst the people,
and added it was impossible to deny that the amount
of the sugar crop had decreased, but if they re-
ceived in this country less sugar, they exported to their
West Indian Colonies a much larger quantity of their
manufactured goods ; and if they had not enough of
sugar to supply the home consumption, there were
other countries to get. it from. He would, however,
mention one fact, that would speak for itself, as a proof
that emancipation had not operated injuriously on the
cultivation of sugar. Before leaving Jamaica, he called
upon a proprietor of an estate, named Daniel Hart, an
Israelite, and informed him that he was going to Eng-
gland, and wished to know how the people got on, and
how his estate thrived, and the reply was, " I get on
capitally, I give the people four bits a-day, and I charge
them nothing for rent, as I wish to keep them on tho
property." On Mr. Bowden's estate in St. Thomas in
the East, the people received 2s. 6d. a-day currency, as
he could show by the overseer's books, and yet the pro-
duce had realized within the last two years the sum of
4,0001., the original cost of the property. Mr.
Hoskins, a gentleman residing on another estate,
told him that the manufacture of the rum
paid all the contingencies, and that he was enabled
to send all the sugar home as clear profit.—(Cheers.)
In referring to the conduct of the people themselves,
Mr. Knibb said it was above all praise. It was a fact
that there was not a labouring- population on the earth
so free from crime as the labouring population of Ja-
maica. He could prove this from the records of the
Courts of Law in Jamaica. At the last Assize Court
of Montego licy, amongst a population of 125,000 indi-
viduals, only nineteen were charged with offences. Of
this number six were white men ; of the remainder
thirteen were acquitted, and there was not a female
amongst them all.—(Cheers.) In the parish in which
he himself resided, containing a population of 35,000
persons, only one prisoner was committed for
trial in the space of three months.—(Loud cheers.)
He went to the House of Correction at Trelawney be-
fore he left the island, to see all that could be seen, in
order that he might be enabled to tell all that could be
told, and asked permission to go on the treadmill, when
the Governor said to him, " Mr. Knibb, there is no
use concealing the truth, but ever since the Ist of
August we have never been able to muster hands
enough to turn it, and the mill has become rusty, and
is going to pieces."—(Loud cheering.) In the parish
of St. Anne's the gaol had been shut up for the last
six months, and the keeper had been put on half-pay
till ha was again required.—(Laughter and cheers.)
In the parish of Westmoreland, in which a deacon of
his own Church had been flogged for praying to God,
the prison was in ruins, for there was no one to tenant
it. These were facts which he should resound through-
out England, and let his enemies deny them if they could.
Out of the whole number of those professing Chris-
tianity in the Baptist Church—and they had 50,000 at
least out of this number ; and it was equally true
with respect to the professors belonging to other deno-
nainations—only one individual had been brought to the
bar of his country since the Ist of August, 1838, and
he was acquitted of the crime laid to his charge.—
(Cheers.) Mr. Knibb, in conclusion, called the atten
tion of the meeting to the Vagrant laws recently enacted,
cocuolndyiestti
iollnboefwa•orskinecglieini‘cilaigaiisntsraftoer,
a
sbiyxtywhdicahys,remonaletshe
%vnisddotmheiorr mthageiirstriantteeslliwgeenrece.not
ic,:ielsebirnairiteuditofours theirA
.ct
had been passed since Sir Lionel Smith left the island ;
and he trusted all who heard him would join heart and hand
in denouncing these unjust and iniquitous enactments,
and urging on the British Govern:neat the policy and
the justice of getting rid of them.—(Loud applause.)
The Rev. Gentleman closed his address by an able and
powerful appeal to professing Christians and ministers of
religion in America to renounce the holding and traffic
of slaves, and wash for ever from their hands a stain
which was alike disgraceful and inoonsistent to thew as
ea and Christians.

The Rev. Mr. MORGAN then came forward to pro-
pose a rosolution which had been entrusted to him, and,

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
( From the Morning Chronicle.)
Sir Robert Peel supported the Bill, and Lord Morpeth
opposed it, after which the House divided, when the
numbers were—.
For going into Committee
Against it
_ _

Majority for going into Committee --2-13
The House have thus decided, by a majority of three,
that they will go into a Committee on this most insulting
measure; and Lord Howick, and his brother-in-law, Mr.
Charles Wood, will have the satisfaction of being able
to say, " We, by our votes, did it." They may rest as-
sured that their services, at this critical moment, in
aiding the Tories to regain the ascendancy in Ireland
of which the Reform Bill deprived them, that through
this accession they may in turn regain in England what
they lost through the measure with which Earl Grey's
name has been identified, will be remembered long after
last night. We cannot look into Lord Howick's heart,
and we V 6 ill not impute motives to him, but his heart can
only be defended at the expense of his head. If he meant
to strike a blow at Ministers, all we can say is, that he
himself will sensibly feel the recoil. We can only say
that we lament this decision. It has been said that the
objectionable provisions of the Bill may be struck out in
Committee. To be sure they can. But if this is ground
for going into Committee, the House ought to show that
favour to every absurd or pernicious Bill laid upon their
table. The Sabbath Bills of Sir Andrew Agnew are
capable of being amended in Committee by expunging
their pharisaical enactments. But the sound doctrine is,
that the House of Commons ought not to waste the public
time, or degrade itself, by discussing masses of preposte-
rous or mischievous details ; and certainly there never
came before it a tissue of enactments, in the shape of a
Bill, more imperiously requiring to be dealt with by the
summary power the House possesses for the abatement of
Legislative nuisances.
( From the Morning Advertiser.)
Though it would undoubtedly be a gross dereliction of
duty in any Member of the House of Commons truly re-
presenting the people of Ireland, to omit any legitimate
means of defeating the Irish Disfranchisement Bill of
Lord Stanley, yet we can by no means approve the evasion
of an issue on the question by repeated motions of adjourn.
ment, in defiance, not only of overwhelming majorities of
the Members present, but of a majority embracing more
than two-thirds of the Members of the whole House. It
is, even in a good cause, a &lige:oes precedent, and one of
which a factious minority may subsequently avail itself for
the worst purposes. At best it is an indecorous trifling
with the /louse and the country, for the postponement of
a result which it cannot ultimately avert.
(From the Morning Herald.)
Lord Stanley's motion that the House do resolve itself
into Committee on the Irish Registration Bill was, last
night, carried by a majority of THREE. Never did Minis-
ters resist any motion more strongly; never was there
offered to any motion opposition more factious, more un-
principled, than has been offered to Lord Stanley's motion
by the habitual supporters of Government. Yet, despite
bluster, and shuffling, and impudent trickery, Ministers,
backed by their Irish brigade, have been signally discom •
fired—on a question, too, which they have proclaimed to
be of vital importance. This fresh defeat will, of course,
only induce the Queen's advisers to cling more closely
than ever to office.
(From the Morning Post.)
We heartily congratulate the country on another
triumph gained by the friends of genuine representation
over those who desire to perpetuate the dominion of
fraud and perjury over the elections of Members of Par-
liament. The division on the motion for going into Com-
mittee on Lord Stanley's Bill, for the registration of vo-
ters in Ireland, took place last eight in one of the fullest
houses ever known.
The numbers were--
For the motion
Against it
Majority against Ministers —3
An attempt, we perceive, was made after this division to
induce Lord Stanley to abandon the measure. We
would earnesly dissuade his Lordship from listening to a
suggestion at once so cunning and so audacious. The
noble cause in which he has embarked is worth fighting
out ; and if fought out, as his Lordship is capable of fight-
ing it, at the head of the zealous and indefatigable phalanx
of patriots whom he has thus far triumphantly led, it will
assuredly be won. It is of the utmost importance that the
Bill should go to the House of Lords as little mutilated
as possible; and even should it be considerably impaired
in Committee, still it is in the highest degree desirable that
it should go there.
(From the Tunes.)
The dull debate, worn threadbare on Tuesday night,
was then opened by Mr. Hume, who opposed Lord Stan-
ley's Bill in a tiresome speech on Irish affairs in general.
He compared the number of Irish with the number of
English electors, complaining that the proportion of Irish
is tco small. He repeated the often-disproved allegation that
the object of this Bill was to disfranchise the people of Ire-
land, He entered upon the Catholic question, and con-
demned the opinions of a party who, he said, were trying
to restore the obsolete penalties against the Papists.
During the whole of this speech a large body of Conser-
vatives, wiih truly patriotic patience, sat fast on their
benches, and defeated the object of those Radicals who
had hoped, not perhaps without some reasonable ground,
that the speech of their Kilkenny comrade would rdduce
the House to a state in which it might be counted out.

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS.

(wEnsEsnAr xvENINo.)
HERALD.—The people engaged in speculations for
the rise, arc not so sanguine to-day as even yesterday.
Consols declined to 92y to 1 for Money and for the
Account. Exchequer Bills went down to 21 to 23 prem.
Bank Stock 176 to . Money still continues in de.
mand, and is worth 4 per cent. on the Stock Exchange
for short periods, which is equal to a larger rate out of
doors. There is no doubt the Bank of England begins
to be alarmed, and therefore is curtailing its discounts,
v,ith a view to diminish its liabilities in respect of the
circulation. The reason is said to be, that the tendency
to speculations in Shares and Foreign Funds has alarmed
the Directors ; upon which it may be observed, without
impugning their superior means of knowledge and ability,
that capital, in the shape of deposits, upon which they are
presuming to act, will seek beneficial employment in one
way or the other, with or without their consent. Bank
action must be confined to deposits, for in respect of bills
there is little latitude allowed.

SUN.—We have just received the Amsterdam Pa-
pers of yesterday's date. The funds left off firmer on
Monday. The Dutch Two-and-a-hlalf per Cents. at
53 1. 16th, and the Five per Cents. at 100 13-16ths to 1.
Spanish Stock was dull, and sales of Mexican having
been effected to sonic extent by parties anxious to
realise their profits on the late advance, the quotations
had receded per cent.
Shortly betore the termination of business in the Stock
Exchange this afternoon there was a sale to alarge amount
in the New Three-and-a-Half per Cents., said to be
50,0001. at 1011. Consols were heavy this afternoon at
924 to 92 for present transfer, ani Buyers for the
26th inst. Money was worth per cent, till the middle
of next July. Exchequer Bills receded to 225. 233. ; and
India Bonds rallied to 4s. premium. The suspense oc-
casioned by the prolonged debate in the House of Com-
mons has an injurious effect on funded property.
This afternoon very little business was done in Spa-
nish bonds, thrr, speculators appearing to require a con-
firmation of the news relative to the fall of Aviein•
The Active Bonds receded from °S) to °S.k. Portu-
guese Three per Cents. were at 24 and French Three
per Cents. at 841. The., being each rather higher. In
Dutch Stock there were no bargains. Austrian Metal-
liques improved to 110? t,
There was a slight depression in Shares to-day, but,
nevertheless, a good deal of business doing. The Bir-
mingham realised 88, the Great Western 26, and the
South Western 12?,- premium. The Brighton closed at
43., and the South Eastern and Dover at 10 discount.
London and Westminster Bank Shares were done at
4i premium.

ROTTERDAM, MAY 17. The Columbine
packet, Captain Norwood, which left London yesterday morn-
tog at eight o'clock, arrived so early, that the passeitters, after
their bag;age lwas examined, were ahha to depart in the steam-
boat for the Lower and Middle Rhino this mornin before
seven o'clock, so that t.hey. may have performed the voyage
from London to Emmerich in thirty-six hours.

A deputation of Baltic merchants, consisting of Messrs.
Pel y. MitcLell, Norman, Prescott, Sioreking, Dawson,
and Dickson had an interview yesterday with the Chancel.
for of the Exchequer, in Downing-street.
Major Head, late Assistant Crown Land and Emigra-
tion Commissioner in British North America, had an in-
terview with Lord John Russell at the Colonial Office yes-
terday.

Tire Earl of Rosebery, Mr. Augustus Smith, Mr. M.
PhiHipps, M. P., Mr. Grey, and Mr. Brotherton, M. P.,
had interviews with the Marquis of Normanby yesterday.
at the Home-office.

Dr. Bowring had an interview with Mr. Labouchere
yesterday at the Board of Trade.

Colonel Torrens, Mr. Villiers, and Mr. F. Elliot, had
an interview with Lord John Russell yesterday at the Colo-

The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yes-
terday in the Council Chamber. The Lords present were
Lord Lyndhurst, Mr. Justice Bosanquet, the Judge of the
Prerogative Court, and the Judge of the Admiralty Court.
The Hon. Wm. Bathurst was the Clerk of the Council
in Waiting._

After their Lordships had disposed of a number of pe-
S.r William Follett was heard in the matter of
13xlmer's petition for the prolongation of his patent for
)tton machinery. Their Lordships granted an extension
of the time.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET SECOND SPRING MEETING.

TUESDAY.
Fifty Pounds for three-yrs old colts, Bst. 71b.; and fillies, Bst.
41. IL M.
Lord Exeter's Amurath, by Sultan (Darling) I
Mr. Rogers's f. Caution, by Glaucus
The following also started, but were not placed: —Mr. Ford's
Ten-pound Note; Mr. Howe's c. by Belshazzar, out of Jonn,
Sutton ; Lord Scarborough's f. by Langar, oat of Alfred
dam ; Lord Orford's Petito ; Mr. Clark's f. by Polygar, dam
by Skim; Duke of Grafton's Ottoman ; Lord Jersey's f. by
Plenipotentiary, out of Joanna; Mr. Key's 1. Marialva; Lord
Lichfield's Firefly; and Mr. Batson's Plenary. Betting-7 to 2
agst Amurath (taken), 5 to 1 agst Ton-pound Note, 5 to 1
agst the Polygar filly, 8 to 1 agst Caution (taken), 8 to 1 agst
Ottoman (taken), 8 to 1 agst Marialva (taken), and 10 to 1
agst Joanna. Two false starts. Amurath made the running,
Caution lying nearly abreast into the bottom where it was neck-
and-neck ;it confirmed so till near the chair, Amurath winning
by a head only. Plenary was forward all the way and was a
good third, Ottoman fourth, and Petito fifth.

BETTING IN THE EVENING.
SUFFOLK STAINS.
5 to 2 agst Mr. Osbaldeston's Belshazzar filly—taken
4 to 1 agst Mr. Sigsworth's Muleteer
5 to 1 agst Duke of Bedford's King of the Peak—taken
8 to 1 agst Mr. W. S. Stanley's Revoke—taken
TILE DEESE.
3 to 1 asst Mr. Etwall's Melody colt
9 to 1 agst Lord Albemarle's Assassin—taken
25 to 1 agst Mr. Houldsworth's Confederate
33 to 1 agst Mr. Osbaldeston's lot—taken
1000 to 10 agst Lord Jersey's Muley Ishmael—taken
Offers to take 6 to 1, bar one.

AuitivaLs.—The Duke of Rutland, Marquis of Exeter,
Earl of Jersey, Earl of Albemarle, Earl of Lichfield, Lord G.
Bentinek, Lord Godolphin, Hon. G. S. Byng, Hon. H. Rous,
Non. Mr. Woodhouse, Hon. G. Fitzniy, Hon. General Gros-
venor, Hon. J. A. Villiers, Sir S. Graham, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Wilson, Mr. Hawker, Mr. Payne, Mr. Crommelin, Mr. Thorn-
hill. Mr. Elwes, Mr. Portman, Mr. Newton, Mr. Greville,
Mr. Irby, Mr. Wigram, Mr. S. Stanley, &c.
Twenty-one members attended the club dinner.
A match is made for Thursday between Lord Exeter's
Galipoli and Lord Orford's Petito. T. Y. C. The latter re-
ceiving 211bs.

WEDNISDAY.
Handicap Plate of 50/., for three-year olds, and upvrards.
A. F.
_ _ _

Mr. Wigram's Feleta, 3 yrs, 6st 101 b (Pettit) 1
Mr. Osbaldeston's c by The Saddler, 3 yrs, 6st 41b 2
Mr. Wilson's Quicksilver, 6yrs, Bst 4lb
Mr. Thornhill's Mendizabel, aged, 9st 41b
Mr. Key's Marialava, 3 yrs, 6st 101 b 5
Mr. Clark's b f by Polygar, d by Skim, 3 yrs, 6st 21b 6
7to 1 agst the Polygar f. Won by a length.
The Scfrolk Stakes of 35 soya, each, 10 ft., and only five if de..
dared, &c., with 100 added from the Town Racing Fund.
B.M. (27 Subs., 9of whom declared.)
Duke of Bedford's King of the Peak, 6st 71b.......( Cotton) 1
Mr. Osbaldeston's ch f by Belshazzar, 3 yrs, 6st 13Ib
The following also started, but were not placed;—Mr. W S.
Stanley's Revoke, 4 yrs, 7st 61b. ; Mr. Sigsworth's Muleteer,
3 vrs, Est Sib; Lord Exeter's Stamboul, 3 yrs, 6st 414; and
Mr. Goddard's Columella, 3 yrs, 6st.
_ _

Betting-10 to 6 agst the ,'Belshazzar filly, 11 to 5 agst the
winner, 6 to 1 agst Stamboul, 7 to 1 apt Muleteer, 8 to 1 agst
Revoke, and 10 to 1 agst Columella. Won by a head.
The disputed race on the last day in the First Spring Meet-
ing, won by Revoke, has been adjudged to Gipsey.
LIS DKlUSY.—Naworth is disqualified.
