• NAvAT, IN.TELLIGF,NCE.

I'nkTSSIOUTEI' X.CH 2i.—lt i. unquestionlble that
kord Rilmerston has received an owrland despatch from
'the Thais!' Consul, and from Captain Glasenck at Oporto.
It gives information that on the 4th, several vessels landed
their cargoes of men and succours for Don Pedro. Ge•
neral Solignac having, by a well-planned sortie, corn-
plet. iy opened the communication between Oporto and the
beach to tl.e north of the Bar, overcoming every opposi-
tiart lin the part of Don Miguel. 600 of whose men were
WT. de id on the fie subsequent to which, immense
`supplies of provisions and materiel were landed for the
Pedt oites.

...
The Pantaloon, Lieutenant Dacres, arrived at Plymouth
onWelnesday evening, from Lisbon, last from Falmouth,
where she landed the mail. Left Lisbon the 3d inst. and
spoke the Druid frigate, off Oporto, on the 4th, but
brought no mails from that city. Don Pedro was a ill
at Oporto ; and they heard a good deal of firing whilst off
there, but did not communicate with the shore. L-ft at
Lisbon, B,.ritaania, Caledonia, and Raven ; off Op utto,
Druid, Nimrod, and Levert; in the Douro, Orestert,
Etna, and Echo. The S-. Vincent was at Vian, sari, re
Admiral Sartorius was getting on board 500- bithocks
for Oporto.
The Madagascar frigate, Captain Lyons, C. 8., with
his Maksty King 0 ho on bo iid, arrived at Napoli on
the aLli January, accompani, d by the Russian frigate
Anna, and the French corvette Cornelia, and 35 tran-
sports with Bavarian troops en board. On ihe passage
from Trieste, the Secretary of the young King fell over-
board, and would have been drowned, but for the prompt-
ne,s with which a seamen, named George Woit, a native
tot Portsmouth, jumped into the water and held bins up
until the ship was brought to, and a boat sent to
pick them up. The young King was highly pleased with
the seaman's gallantry, and taking a gold watch from his
own neck, gave it to the man as an earnest of his favour,
and promised to write to the King of Bavaria (his father)
to Ft tilt a pension for lite on him.
The Dutch ship Pi ince of Orange, 850 ton., 10 eons,
and 40 torn, from Batavia, hound to Rotterdam, with a
valnahle cargo of spices, coffee, sugar, pepper, B.ce.. was de-
tained off Beat-hey Head on the afternoon of Sunday last,
by his Majesty's revenue cruiser Stork, Lieut. W. Lacy,
R.N., Commander, and brought into Spithead on the Mon-
day. The ship on her voyage spoke eleven ships, seven of
which were English, one American, one French, one Ham-
turg, and one Hanoverian. This is a proof, at least, that
if little it doing in the shipping trade, we have our pro-
portion of that little,. The Curacoa frigate, Captain Dunn,
was at Batavia oo the l.t of Nov., when this ship sailed,
Lieut. Denham, R.N., having completed the Admi-
ralty survey of the British Channel, that officer and hi.
assistants. Lieut. C. G. Robinson and Mr. E. J. Bedfimh,
3,ave proceeded to Liverpool to carry into effect a similar
survey of that important sea-port, in connection with
their ultimate operations in the St. George's Channel.—
Lieut. Beattie, commanding the Swallow revenue cut-
ter, has this week made a seizure of 68 casks of foreign
spirits, and deposited them in his Majesty's Custom-house
at Weymouth.
A new set of Naval Instructions has been issued this
week from the Admiralty ; the alterations are but few.
The most. mat rill are, that Captains are relieved from th
responsibility of the Pursers' accounts; 'Mates are to take
the seniority of Second Maters; the Masters are no longer
to have charge of the Warrant Officers' stores, and will
Consequently lose the gratui-y lately given to them for this
re•nonsibility; thsy are only to superintend and see that
the B„.:-tswains, &c., Lep accounts. C trains will have
to grar7t 48 hours leave of absence instead of 24, as
hmt,oare, and Flag Officers may grant six weeks leave in
one year.
PROMOTIONS AND A PrOINTMCNTS.-Commander C.
Canby, Lieutentres Michael Dwyer and W. E. Fitt, to
the Ordinary in Portsmouth Harbour; Commander S.
Smyth, to the CO ist Guard Service; Lieut. J. Helby, to
the Hound revenue cutter ; llr. Brenton, Clerk to sir H.
HOthain, to be Purser of the Raleigh ; Mr. G. Wall: r,
pu,s,e, to the Alfred ; Mr, T. Tilby, Purser, to t. eMa
tiaga,car ; Mr. E. T. Herrie4, Midshipman, to be Lieu.
; Mr. Johnstone, Clerk, to be Purser of the Curlew,
vice Thorne, t) the Talbot; Mr. A. Stuart, Assistant-
Surgeon, the Salarnand, r; Mr, Joseph Peter, Assistant-
Surg.on, to the Rhadantaittius; Mr. Janes D .novas,
Assistant-Surgeon, to the Brittimart ; Mr. W. I-I Dix,
Master's Assistant of the Melville, to he Second Master of
the same ship, vie, Taylor, to he Master of the Wolf.
(From the Devonport Telegraph.)
The Warapite has received orders to be paid off into !ir•
Binary, and not for recoeuniasioning, those orders having
been cancelled.
The preventive boat, at Mevagissy, was upset on
Thursday, when two of the crew were unfortunately
drowned. The chief officer, Lieut. Best, and one of the
crew, after being in the water nearly an hour, were hap-
pily resealed.
Reinainieg in fiamoaze—San Josef, Rhadamanthus and
Carron ateattiers, Britornart, Pike, anti Swallow packets,
Maitland and Amphitrite transports.
At the Bland—Pantaloon render.

.
A
n idle rumour is circulation that the pre-
sent les*,:f of Drut y-lane theatre is r amend,- d,by a clause
in the will of his recently deceased parent, to retire from the
management of that th *tie at the end of the present
eeason, when, ity the terms of the lease, he has the power
to do so. A cetreepoodent notices the report, merely to
give it a decided negative.
We believe we may with confidence announce
the following to be an outline of the measure which his
Alsjesty's Mini-ter* will shorty introduce in respect ti. the
Enelsh Church establishment. The revenues of the
Bishops are to be equalised. All pluralities are to be
tli•ctually thine away with. Tithes are to be commuted.
A number of trifling livings are to be consolidated, of
which description it is said there are no less th in thirty In
the City of London. The deaneries and chapters yet
remain to be decided upon. The Church property in this
country has b-en found to be enormously overrated, and
the report of the ecclesiastical commission, which will
shortly he laid before both Houses of Parliament, is most
full and complete on this head.—... The Town.
We deeply lament to have to notice a melan-
choly event which occurred at Dumbleton, yesterday
se'nnight. The villaeers had aseembled to testily their joy
at the celebration of a marriage at the parish church that
morning, and a small cannon had been provided by them
wherewith to annoance the conclusion of the nuptials to
the country around. Accordingly, at the moment of the
bride and bridegroom quitting the sacred edifice. an old
sailor, who had undertaken to officiate as gunner upon the
occasion, applied the match to the touch-hole, when, sad
to say, the piece immediately burst, killing the poor fel-
ltow upon the spot, and wounding several others, one to
Snell an extent as to cause fears for his recovery. It ap-
pears that the unfortunate man who lost his life had been
asoonislied to be careful with the cannon, and the quan-
tity et powder explained to him that it would carry with
safety; this caution he appears, however, to hare fatally
disregarded, as it was afterwards ascertained that he had
used three times as much powder in the charge as he ought
to have done.— Worcester Herald.
SHOCKING EFFECT OF SEIZING FOR
RANT.—On Saturday afternoon an inquest was held at
the Middlesex-hospital, on view of the hotly of a fine boy,
about three years and a half old, named THOMAS GILLI-
- This was a very lamentable case. The deceased
was the sou of an industrious couple in Lascelle's court,
St. Giles'''. On Thursday the mother went out only for
about five minutes, to purchase tea and sugar for her hus-
band's meal, he being out at work, and on her return ahe
found the poor child stretched on the floor, the clothes
nearly burnt off, and he screaming piteously for help. He
had fallen immediately under a chair in which another
child, three years anti a half old, was sitting, but provi-
dentially the flames had not reached its clothes. The de-
cease 1 died soon after b-ing taken to the hospital. Ths
CoaciNica (to the mother)—How do you account for the
accident? Mrs. GILLIVAN—Why, Sir; we had been
seised upon for rent, and every thing waa taken away ex-
cept a chair or two ; and the fender being taken amongst
the rest, a cinder rolled on the floor and caught my poor
boy's berigown, for he heti nothing else on hint. I found
the cinder still burning on the boards. He was fearful of
Ore, and would never go very near to it. Verdict—Ac-
eidental Death. [Hoinanity anal policy ;Pggetit some
mitigation of the law which warrants executions. It
should not extend to bedding, or to such trivial articles
Ifurniture, which being seized, thrust thousandi on the
poor-rates against their wish, earl, in this case; indirectly
caused murder.]
EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCE..—..-A re-
,epectable man, living a few miles from this city, who was
summoned to attend the late assizes at Kilkenny, was
waited upon by a chief of police, who asked him whether
be wis not summoned on the petty it/ties; to which the
otter replied in the affirmative. " Are you not afraid ?"
said tie functionary, " Afraid of what?* was the reply.
41 Why, afraid of the Whitefe-t." " Not in the least," re.
joined the other. "Because" said the chief of police,
drawing a paper from his pocket, "if you are in the
slightest degree aft aid to attend, you have only to sign this
paper, and I will insure your not being fined for non-at-
tendance! II" We stall not weaken this plain statement
of facts, by any lengthened comment of our own, but we
may just add, that we are in,posse-sion of tie names of all
the Fully; alluded to.—Waterford Chronicle.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE ('F LORDS; MARCH 2b.

On the Loan CHANCELLOR, taking his seat on the
Wookack t five o'clock, Mr. BERNAL, and other Mem-
bPrs of the House of Commons, brought up some private
Bills.

Lord KING presented a petition from the parishes of
St. Michael and St. James, Dublin, against the Irish
Coercive Bills ; a petition from Monmouth aLainst
sla—
very ; and petitions from several tlaces praying f r the
better os•servance of the Sabbath, and the abolition of tithes
and chu ch cess.

The Duke of MONTROSE presented a petition, pray.
ing for the abolition of tithee.

The Duke of NEWCASTLE and Lord SUFFIELD
present- d petitions, praying for the better obbervance of
the Sahhath.

Lord WYNFORD presented a petition signed by 215
manufacturers of Gbisgow, in favour of the Factory Bill.
The Bishop of LINCOLN presented petitions Paving
for the better observsnee of the Sthbath, from Welch-
poiil, the parish of St. Mary, Leicester, and other pa-
rishes in the counties of Montgomery and Leicester.
The Duke of CLEVELAND presented a petition from
a parish in Durham, praying for the abolition of negro
slavery.

The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from
Dundalk, to the like effect. Also a peti inn, to
which he wished to call the particular attention
of the House from Elphin, in the county It's.
cotnmon, prayine their Lordships not to deprive
th m of their Bishop. It w.s signed by both
Cltholics and P.otestants. It rated the great
advantages the town derived from the residence of their
Bishop among them, especially as in that part of the coun-
try there were hardly any resident gen.lemen. Toe
present Bishop commanded the respect and love of
all that knew him and there was no one who
had conferred such great hen• fits upon that part
of the country. Their Lordships must look upon
this petition as t. ,e real and sincere opinion of
the inhabitants of that part of the country, both Catholics
and Pro•rstants. From late events opinions prevailed not
only in Ire'and, hut in En!land and Sco!land, regretting
the steps the present Government had take❑ respecting
the Irish education system. The Noble Lord also pre-
sented a petition from the diocese of Cashel, i❑ the
county of Tipperary to the same effect.—
Also petitions front parishes in the county of Down, pray-
inz that they might not be affected by the Irish Church
Bill.

Lord ROSLYN presented a petition from a parish in
Fife, (o2ainpo negro slavery.
Earl FITZWILLIANI moved for a list of the counties,
deaneries, &c., affected by the Irish Church Bill.
The Marquis of WESTMEATH said that in his opinion
a petition which had been presented from Dublin against
the Coercive Bill was disrespectful to the House, as that
Bill would readily pass the House. In his opinion to,)
the petition ought not now to be presented to tl.e House.
The Noble Marquis then read the petition, which made
use of very strong terms, and stated that bayonets and
cannons would never he able to put dow❑ seven millions
of Irishmen.

Lord KING said that as the Bill was not jet the law
of the land, the petitioners had a right to state their
opinions to the House. The House then adjourned till
half-past three o'clock to-morrow.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, M4,1c1l 25.

The SPEAKER took the chair at five o'clock.

A message from the Lords announced th it their Lord-
ships had a,..treerl to the Wendover Road Bill, and several
other private Bilis.
Mr. WARBURTON obtained leave for the Committee
on the Londonderry election petition to adjourn at plea-
sure, in ord.-1 to give time to authenticate the signature of
t! .e returning t fficer.
