Sk'AFORTH ELECTION.

Colonel DAVIES brought up the report of the Com-
mittee on this election, which declared Mr. Ellice, the sit-
ting Member, duly elected, but that the petition against his
return was neither frivolous or vexatious.

Mr. DAWSON presented a return containing an ac-
count of the trade between Great Britain and China.

A new writ was ordered for the borough of Mi!bourne
Port, in the room of the Right Hon. Sturges Bourne,
who has accepted the Chiltern Hundred•.

Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a petition from
3fanchsBter, praying for leave to build and endow churches
without leave of the diocesan.

Sir ROBERT BATESON presented a number of peti.
tions from places in Ireland against colonial slavery.

Mr. GUEST moved for X return of the number of
towns in Wales, containing, in the year 1821, ten thousand
inhabitants, and not nsw returning Members to Parlia-
ment.—Ordered.

Mr. DENISON presented a petition from the pa-
rish of St. Mary, Newington, which expressed the
petitioners' greatest gratitude to his Majesty's Mini-
sters for the plan of Reform which they had intro-
duced, and they implored the House to pass the
as they were convinced that the measure had the entire
confidence and approbation of all classes. He fully con-
curred in the prayer of the petiti,n. Siace Friday last
he had had an opportunity of seeing a great number of his
constituents, and only one amongst them was opposed to
the plan of Reform, and he merely thought it went rather
too far.—(Hear, hear.)—He (Mr. Denison) returned
sincere thanks to Ministers for their wise. manly, and just
conduct. Hon. Members on the opposite side of the House
might, perhaps, defeat the measure now, but as to defeat-
feating it in Coto, they might as well try to stop the
tides of the ocean.—(Hear, hear.) He hoped to see the
Hon. Member for Guildford at Epsom on Saturday, when
there would be a public meeting to support Ministers.
I.llr. BETIIELL had a petition to present from the West
Riding of Yorkshire, expressing their approbation of the
plan of Reform. He had mentioned this, as it was pro-
bable he should not have an opportunity of pre-
senting the petition to the House. Honourable Mem-
bers who opposed all plans of Reform bad done much to
bring the present measure forward. If they opposed
the present measure, be did not know how the Members
who represented such places as Cattail and Old Sarum
could ever think of offering themselves for a p..pulous
town.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. BRISCOE could not let this opportunity pa,s
without offering his mita of gratitude to Ministers
fur their plan of Reform. If, as it bad been stated,
any danger was likely to arise, the House would bear
in mind that the Bill would create 500,000 new elector',
who, should any danger be apprehended, would form
themselves into a National Guard.—(llear.)

Mr. HART DAVIS said that •he had received a
letter that morning from Bristol, from which he
thought the measure was not received with that
approbation which was mentioned. He hoped, there-
fore, that Hon. Gentlemen would restrain their ardour
until the voice of the country was known.

Mr. WARBURTON said the town that he had the
honour to' represent, although about to be semi-disfran•
chised, had entrusted him with a petition, in which they
stated their belief that the measure was calculated to pro-
mote the interests of the country, and prayed the House
that it might pass into a law.
Mr. LABOUCHERE had also a petition to present
from Taunton in favour of the measure. All classes in
that borough had received the plan with the greatest respect
and approbation.
The petition was then brought up, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PIIILLPOTTS presented a petition from a place in
Gloucestershire, signed by six Magistrates, and a great
number of respectable individual., praying no extension
might be granted to the beer licenses.—( Hear, hear.)
On the motion of the Marquis of CitANHos, a new
writ was ordered for the borough of Hythe, in the room
of Sir Philip Sidney, who had accepted the Chiltern
Hundreds.

Sir T. ACKLAND presentedu a petition from a place
in Devonshire, praying eforni and vote by ballot.
Mr. BAILEY presenteiplrmaylztition from the Political
Union Society of Bristol,
annual Parliaments,
vote by b illot, and universal suffrage..
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. ADEANE presented a petition,
ofrfona the city of
Parmntary
Ely, which stated that the measure
Reform had been received with great delight
in that
part of the country, and that the petitioners
vinced if carried into a law it would give were
"e",l
coin;
to the throne, and insure the confidence of thep
in that Honourable House. Now he fully agreed 1,7;1:
principle of the Bill which he thought sound, but at the
same time he must say be thought it went a little too far.
—( Hear, hear, hear.) He should not oppose the seconti.
reading of the Bill, but if it did not undergo con.
siderable alterations in Committee, it would net be
in his power ultimately to support it.—(lfear, hear.)
Sir C. BURRELL agreed with the Hon. Member who
spoke last as to the general principle of the measure, and
should vote for the second reading. But be should look

with great anxiety to the provisions and alterations La
hoped to see made in Committee.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY had to present a petition agreed
to at a meeting of friends of Reform at Newcastle. In
the course of a few hews the petition received more than
3,000 signatures.—',Hear, hear, hear.) The petitioners
entirely approved of the measures introduced
by Ministers, and expressed their opinion that it would
give stability to the throne and confidence in the
House of Commons. They moreover stated, that
although Radical Reformers, so convinced were they of
the advantage of the plan, that they were willing to throw
aside vote by h llot, and other opinions which they
entertained.—(Hear.) Ile (Sir M. W. Ridley) thought,
however, with the Hon. Member that had lately
spoken, that some alteration was required. in the Bill to
make it a constitutional Reform—(Hear.)
Sir C. FORBES—Nothing that had been said in the
House or out of the House should intimidate him from
doing his duty as an independent Member of radia-
lmeat. lie should oppose the Bill ; it was radi-
rally bad.—(Loud cries of hear, hear, hear.) The
Honourable Member for Preston had said he would
take their plan, and thank Ministers for it, as it was
a stepping-stone for the people to get annual Parliaments
and universal suffrage, _ and until they got that
they would never he satisfied. He (Sir C. Forbes) firmly
believed that such would be the case.

Mr. HOPE JOHNSTONE presented a petition from a
place in Staffordshire in ftvour of Reform.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY would take that opportunity of
informing the House, that there was another class of p•ti-
'ions coming to that Howe, expressing the gratitude of the
country for the me isures proposed by Ministers. He should
not have an opportunity of pre,enting a petition that was
entrusted to him, but he would state that it was from the po-
pulous town of Wolverhampton. It was signed by more thin
1,200 inhabitants, who expressed their opinion that the
measure would give the greatest satisfaction to the country.
Colonel CHICHESTER presented two petitions from
Wexford, praying for a repeal of the Union.
Mr. O'CONNELL shortly supported the prayer cf the
petition.
