cretary, and a great many officers. The. division or Mina
has been pursued, broken, and put completely to the rout
beyond Liosa ' • and its remains are wandering /mom the
mountains of Andorra, and in the vicinity of the Seo, in
bodies of fifteen, twenty, or fifty men each, in state of
misery and wretchedness which is truly horrible. Five deserters
of the regiment of Laredo, who are just come in, having left
four of their comrades at Ilospitalet, report that Mina wept
on the mountain of Llosa, when he found himself nearly
alone, and deserted by all his followers. They assure us
that, yesterday at ten in the foreneon, after having disguised
himself, he entered La Sets, accompanied by two wretched
shepherds, or peasants in wooden shoes. 'nese same deserters,
who are 24 in munber, and will be followed to-morrow by their
comrades, having *hewn themselves unwilling to engage, on
the command being given by their Captain or First Lieute-
nant, and having been ill-treated by Min with blows of his
sabre in consequence, killed him on the spot, and have brought
with them his hat which we have really seen, with the cockade
and other insignia of an officer. They state that many others
would have joined, if they had believed that they would be re-
ceived in France.

PASSAGE, JiTNE M.—Colonel O'Donnel is in the greatest
dejection since the receipt of a letter from his brother, the
Count de I'Abishal; he even wishes to retire fmm his command.
Fit ENCII FUNI)i.—J UNE 24.
Five per Cents. Opened at B3 f. 85 c.
Closed at CB 1. 80 c.

Sank Stock .

Ne4politan 5 per Cents. 76g.
Lxchange on London—One Nlonth... 2 60
25 f. 435 f. e.
Three Months c.

PORTUGAL.

LISBON, MAY 27.

(SUPPLEMENT TO THE DIARIO DO Govtrm,No.l2s.)
This short Paper states the defection of the
9.d Regiment, seduced by Sampayo, the depar-
ture of Doi► Miguel to join the insurgents,and the
assurance that the rest of the troops are faithful.

[Front the Diario, N0.126.]
CORTES, MAY 27.
After some preliminary business had been done, the Presi-
dent suspended the debate, to read a communication from the
Permanent Deputation, stating the defection of the 3d Ilegi.
meat, and the flight of Don Miguel, and that it had sent ftir
General Sepulveda, to concert the necessary measures. The
following communication was then read :
" 3IOST ILIXSTRIOUS AND EXCELLENT Stn,—His Ma-
jesty, with grief of heart, orders me to inform your Excellency,
that you may acquaint the Permanent Deputation, for the pur.
pose of acting as may be advisable, that the Infant Don
guel fled this night, with the 23d Regiment, as he says in a
letter which he left to be delivered to the King. His Majesty
has already sent his Chamberlain to intimate to him to return
to his duty, and continues to take all the measures that may
prevent the evil which such an extraordinary step may produce.
" God preserve your Excellency.
" JOSE DA SILVA CARVA LIIO.
" To the Most Illustrious and Excellent Senbor
Agostinho Jose Freire.
" Lisbon, May 27, 1023."
Senhor Borges Carneiro &hewed that the motives of the fac-
tion were the same as those proclaimed by the despots of Eu.
rope, adopted by the infamous Silveira, and tending to depose
from the throne the best of Kings—John VI. He proposed to
refer the above communications to a Committee, which should
report without delay to the Cortes that speedy measures might
be taken to obviate the evils that threatened the country. Other
Members enforced the necessity of energetic and prompt mea.
.sures, and wished the Sittings to be declared permanent. The
Committee of l'ublic Safety and Defence, to which the matter
was referred, proposed—
I. That the Country be declared to be in danger.
2. That a message be sent to the King, respectfully solicit.
ing his Majesty to dismiss the whole of his Ministers, and to
choose new ones.
3. That, according to the form of the extraordinary powers
which the Constitution gives, General Sepulveda be charged to
maintain the peace and security of the capital.
Article 1 passed without debate. With respect to Article 2 a
debate arose, some Members thought it a as yielding to the fac-
tious, others declaring that it was certain the present Ministers
do not enjoy the public confidence, and ought, therefore, to be
removed, for the good of the nation.
Sen. Moura mentioned the letter written by Sousa to General
Sepulveda, in which he declared that he required the removal
of the Ministers. That to agree to the Report of the Com-
mittee would be conceding the first thing desired by the fac-
tious ; and General Sepulveda being in an adjoining apart.
event, a messenger was sent so ask him for the letter, which was
then read.

Some other Members having spoken for and against the
Report, General Sepulveda was called in, who, being asked
to give his opinion, replied, that since the late events, he
bad been to the Palace of Ilemposta to speak to his Majes-
ty, whom he found surrounded by his Councillors of State,
profoundly afflicted at the disobedience of Don Miguel; but
that he could affirm that he remained firm in his purpose, that
is, to maintain, even at the expence of the greatest sacrifices,
the Constitution promulgated by the Cortes of 1822, and to
which he had voluntarily sworn.
The Deputies and the spectators could not contain their en-
thusiasm. Cries of " hong live the Constitution, the Consti-
tutional King, and the Portuguese who prefer death to slavery,"
resounded through the Hall; the Royal image was uncovered,
and the acclamations were renewed. The General continued,
saying that public opinion demanded the dismissal of all the
Ministers, and this was the general opinion of the troops. Bed
ing asked by M. G. Palma what was the spirit of the troops►
in the capital, he answered they were entirely in favour of
the Constitution to which they had sworn. The General having
withdrawn—
Article 2 of the Report was put to the vote and rejected, an
Amendment, by M. Freire, being substituted ; to the effect,
that a Message be sent to his Majesty, congratulating him on
his firmness, requesting him to act in eontert with the Cortes,
to labour for the salvation of the country, which they half de-
clared to be in danger; and further requesting him to consult
the Council of State, and, if he thought it necessary, to remove
the Ministry, and also some other persons In office, and choose
in their stead persons worthy of full confidence.
Article 3 was approved, with the addition ' till other mea-
sures shall be taken, or a new Ministry appointed by his
Majesty.'
The Assembly then broke up at half-past five o'clock.

The Dior io states, that the greates tranquillity prevailed in
Lisbon ; that the troops were at their posts, and all the citi-
zens composing the civic guard chewed the greatest zeal and
activity.
Lisuow, MAT 28.—Notwithstanding the paternal exhorta-
tion of our beloved Constitutional King, the Infante Don Mi-
guel persists in his inconsiderate project.
The Wowing new Ministers arc appointed :—Justice, the
Ex-Deputy, Jose Antonio (I uerreiro, charged, ad interim, with
the pride-ft:Wile of the War Depentment ; Finance, Jose Zavier
Mozinho da Silveira; Marine, D. Manoel Joao de Llcio.
Forty or fifty soldiers of the police have deserted to the
factious.

General Sepulveda, in an address to the citizens of Lisbon,
announces that the Cortes have charged him to maintain the
safety and tranquillity of die Capital ; that he will do his duty
us a citizen and. General, and will be guided by prudence and
the respect due to legitimate authorities. Ile invites theta to
',confide in a man who never had any object but the happiness of
his country. I again swear it, he adds, in my own name, and
dint of the officers of the Ist and 2d of the line, all animated by
the same good spirit, and ready to sacrifice our lives for our
Public oaths, and the profound sentiments of respect and love
of Religion, the Constitution, and the best of Kings. lie
ex-
tuirted diem to be perfectly easy, and to be assured that order
will be preserved.
In the Sitting of the Cortes on the 28th, the Deputation
which waited on the King k Ives an account of their mission.
flit Majesty had received them very atrably, and replied to the
speech addressed to him, that he should pay due attention to
the subjects proposed by the Cortes, of whose co-operation and
patriotic efforts he had no doubt, and expressed his great stir.
row at the conduct of his son, Don Miguel.
A letter from General Sepulveda was read, giving an account
'of the measures he had taken for the security of the capital.

A PROCLAMATION PROM Hl'SlsllffilrYv3.

" PonTUGUESE I-My son and infant, lion Miguel, fled
front my Royal mansion and joined the 23d Regiment. I aban.
don him as a Father, and shall know how to punish him as a
King.
" His Majesty declares, that, faithful to his oath, and to the
religion of his ancestors, he will maintain the Constitution
which he voluntarily accepted. His liberty, he says, has never
been restricted, nor his authority despised. He invites his
-people to confide in the Cortes, and to remain faithful to their
oaths."
This supplement announces the desertion of General Sepul-
veda.
Lrsnow, MAY 30.—1 n the Cortes several Members ex-
pressed their patriotic sentiments, and their resolution to perish
rather than submit to despotic power. The Minister ofJustiee
4eing introduced, said that his Majesty (who was perfectly
identified with the cause of the nation, and who desires nothing
,out the Constitution of 1822), had invited three citiztns to till
