which are now the receptacles of warlike engines, and that the time
would soon come when Government would " learn war no morn."—
(Loud cheers.) He concluded by seconding the resolution, which was
then put to the meeting, and carried unanimously.
GEORGE THOMPSIN, Esq., then rose to address the wee! ing, and was •
received with loud and reiterated cheering. lle said his health was
such as to prevent him doing little more than moving the resolution
which had been put into his hands. He would move that resolution
with much pleasure, because it referred to his esteemed friend who oc-
cupied the Chair at the commencement of the proceedings (Mr. Baines);
and to his friend Mr. Bennet who now filled it. He rejoiced at the
brightening prospeCts of that Society. He was happy to see present, a
Rev. Gentleman there that evening from Massachusetts.. He was
glad that great principles were more extensively recognised, and more
vigorously applied to present circumstances than in past years.—
(Cheers.) We. rejoice (said Mr. Thompson) that our friend front
America has instructed us to put faith in principle—faith in
the Gospel and its efficacy for removing existing abominations.
I have faith, and I find if it were not for a little faith I would
not be sustained in my exertions to remove an abomination to which
reference has been made this evening—l mean the abomination of
slavery.—(Hear, hear, and cheers ) I would say to our honoured
friend that when his feet tread again the soil of Massachusetts, to remem-
ber the lessors he gave to Englishmen—" Have faith in principle!" I
would tell him not to be dismayed by the fury of the Southern States, hut
religiously have faith in principles, for the support of which I was
hunted from American cities and driven from American shores. The
United States of America were to be admired for the noble stand they
had made in behalf of the twin sisters—peace and temperance; and
appeals, arguments, and remonstrances should not be abandoned until
that country remove the foul abomination of slavery from their clime.
He thought that there existed throughout the length and breadth of
this country a deep and unextinguishablc hatred of that most inhuman,
and bloody, and Anti-Christian system—domestic bondage.—(Loud
cheers.) We confess the guilt of having planted this Upas tre:
in foreign lands, and of watering its roots with blood from age to age,
and that it has grown to an enormous stature since we ceased to culti-
vate hear.) We may be permitted to cheer on the good
work of pruning its branches, or of laying the axe to the root of the tree,
and Hereby give justice to the insulted, and soon to be redeemed in every
part of the globe on which we tread.—(lmmense cheering) War, in_
temperance, and slavery, arc wedded and inseparable.—(Hear.) They
stick Eke demons to each other, and the extinction of one would be the
presage of the extinction of the others. Put them together and labour
against them as the common antagonists of man on earth and God in
He .vets. The Learned Gentleman concluded by propos:rig the follow.
ing resolution:—

That the thanks of this meeting are due to Mr. Baines, M.P., and
Mr. George Bennett fur their attendance this evening."
This having been second,d and responded to, the meeting separated
at hall-ii4t nine o'clock.

LICENSED VICTUALLERS' ASYLUM

On Friday an e'ection took place at the Asylum in the Old Kent-road,
for seven inmates to supply vacancies, there !icing at preseLt ninety.
four houses occupied and seven vacant.

The attendance of Donors wAs unusually numerous, and the amount
of votes given f.,r the successful candidates exceeded any former number.
When the votes were all received and cast up, the Donors and catidi..
gates as,embled in the Boardroom, where

Mr. SournALL, the Chairman, read the names of the candidates, and
the numbers po:led for each, and declared the following, haring the
highest numbers, duly ele'ited
• :
Mr. and Mrs. Spring
Mrs. Munro
Mrs. Preston
Mr. and Mrs. Parsons
Mrs. Guyatt
Mr. and Mrs Seidenberg
Mrs. Lucas

Mr. I)IXON (Dpwning-street) moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman,
Trust:cs, and Governors, for their very great exertions in furtherance
of the objets of the Institution, and for the impartiality evinced during
the arduous duty of this day.

Mr. Et NGLET feat great pleasure in saconding the motion, which they
all knew was wall in_•ritel.

The resolution was passel unanimoudy, with great applause.
Mr. SournAtr., the Chairman, o❑ behalf of himself and his colleagues,
begged to return their sincere thanks for the honour conferred oa them,
When he took Mike, fire years ago, he did it with the determination to
exert to. the utmost his humble abilities in promoting the interests of
the Institution, and he believed they were all satisfied that he had done
so. As long as he should be their officer he should continue the same
course.—(Great applause.)

Mr. JONES (Hackney-roxil move,l a vote of thanks to their Secretary,
for his great and persevering, exertions in promoting the interests of
the Institution.

Mr. YOUNG said he felt great pleasure in seconding the motion, which
they a!I knew was well deserved.

The vote was passed wi, h unanimous app'ause.
Mr. JoNns, the Secretary, expressed his deep obligation for the honour
which had been now repeated to him, and he hoped he should always be
found to fulfil most strictly the arduous duties which devoWed upon him,
and in that en7leavour fie hoped to justify the great confidence which had
been placed in bins, and in some measure to merit the compliment paid
to him on this and on previous occasions. No exertions on his part
would ever be found wanting, and he hoped that his anxiety would be
rewarded by success in its result.—(Applause.)
The lit AliviAN then informed the meeting and the successful candi-
dates that the Board would be prepared to receive the newly-elcted in.
mates, and put them in possession of their habitations that day fort-
night, the Bth of June, at four o'clock in the afternoon, at the Asylum;
to which day he adjourned the !meting. •
