JAMAICA.

HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, APRIL 26.
THE LATE REBELLION.
Mr. Lynch presented the following report from th•
Committee appointed to inquire into the causes of the late
rebellion in this island. The report having been read,
was referred to the state of the island :
" Mr. Speaker,—Your Committee appointed to inquire
into the cause of, and injury sustained by, the recent re-
bellion among the slaves, in this island,
" REPORT,
" That they have taken the examination, on oath, of
various persons, which examinations, with the original do•
cumenta sent down to the house by his Excellency the
Governor, on the 15th March last, (and referred to the
Committee), as well as sundry other documents respect-
ing the late rebellion, accompany this report.
" Your Committee express it as their opinion, and do
report the same to the House, that the causes which have
led to the late rebellion among the slaves, in this island,
are as follow :
" The primary and most powerful cause arose from an
evil excitement, created in the minds of our slaves ge-
nerally, by the unceasing and unconstitutional inter-
ference of Ms Majesty's Ministers with our local Legisla-
ture, in regard to the passing of laws for their govern-
ment, with the intemperate expression of the sentiments of
the present Ministers, as well as other individuals in the
Commons' House of Parliament, in Great Britain, on
the subject of slavery; such discussions, coupled with
the false and wicked reports of the Anti-Slavery Society,
having been industriously circulated by the aid of the press
throughout this island, as well as the British empire.
" Secondly, from a delusive expectation, produced
among the whole of the slave population, by the machi-
nations of crafty and evil-disposed persons, who, taking
advantage of the prevailing excitement, imposed upon
their disturbed istaaginations, that they were to be free
after Christmas, and in the event of freedom being with-
held from them, ' they must be prepared to fight for it.'
Thirdly, from a mischievous abuse exiting in the sys-
tem adopted by different religious sects in this island,
termed, Baptists, Wesleyan Methodists, anti Moravians,
by their recognizing gradations of ranks among such of
our slaves as had become converts to their doctrines,
whereby the less ambitious, and more peaceable among
intelligent,
who were made the dupes of the artful and
who had been selected by the preachers of those particu-
lar sects, to fill the higher offices in their chapels, under
the denominations of rulers, elders, leaders, and helpers ;
and, lastly, the public discussions of the free inhab.tauts
here, consequent upon the continued suggestions made by
the King's Ministets, regarding further measures of ame-
liorations, to be introduced into the slave code of. this
island, and the preaching and teaching of the religious
sects called Baptists, Wesleyan Methodists, and Moravians,
(but more particularly the sect termed Baptists), which
kad the effects of producing, in the nitride of the slaves,
a belief that they could not serve both a spiritual and a
temporal master, thereby occasioning them to resist the
lawful authority of their temporal, under the delusion of
rendering themselves more acceptable to a spiritual master.
" Your Committee further report, that the injury sus-
tained by the late rebellion, by the slaves wilfully setting
fire to buildings, grass and cane fields, robbery and plunder
of every description, damage done to the present and suc-
ceeding crops, loss of the labour of slaves, besides those killed
in suppressing such rebellion, and executed after trial, as
incendiaries, rebels, and murderers, has been ascertained by
means of Commissioners appointed under an order of the
house (whose names are hereunto annexed), and by their
detailed returns, made to the Committee, in conformity

with *lnch order, to amount to the following sums'of money,

In the parish of St. James, the sum of V11,990 0 0
In the parish of Hanover, the sum of 395;2.91 15 0
In the parish of Westmoreland, the sum of '9,817 0 0
In the parish of Elizabeth, the sum of 1:10,58 9 7
In the parish of Trelawny, the sum of 4,960 7 6
------

Amount of injury sustained in the county of
Cornwall
In the parish of Manchester the sum of 46,305 16 8
Amount of injury sustained in the county of Mid-

dleset . .
In the parish of Portland, the sum
of 1,475 0 0
St. Thomas in the East 1,210 0 0

Amount of injury sustained in the county of
Surrey -05 0 0

£1,111,629 8 9
" To which is to be added the sum of 165,0001., being
the expense incurred in suppressing the rebellion during
the period martial law was in force, and of another ex-
pense not yet ascertained, which has accrued since martial
law ceased, being the pay and rations of a portion of the
maroons, as well as detachments of the island militia ens-
pioyed in the pursuit of such of the rebellious slaves who
have not yet surrendered themselves, but remain out, and
are sheltered amongst the almost inaccessible forests and
fastnesses in the interior districts of this island."
The House of Assembly was prorogued on the 28th of
April to the 29th of May.
The following is the speech of his Excellency the Go-
vernor :
" Gentlemen of the Council, Mr. Speaker, and Gen-
tlemen of the Assembly,
"I am happy to release you from the labours of a ses-
sion assembled through necessity, at an inconvenient
season of the year, and which the business consequent
upon the late unfortunate rebellion has prolonged to an
unusual period.
" I have withheld my assent to the stamp act, because
that bill imposed on certain commissions a tax, to an ex-
tent which I cannot suppose was in your contemplation.
As the act now in force will not expire till the close of the
year, I trust the failure of this bill will not be attended
with any material inconvenience.
"Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen of the Assembly,
"I return you my best acknowledgments for the sup-
plies you have granted. The fixed sum which is appro-
priated to the expenditure of the army must prove satisfac-
tory to his Majesty's Government, and beneficial to the
colony.
" Gentlemen of the Council, Mr. Speaker, and Gen-
tlemen of the Assembly,
" I thank you for your unremitting attention to the
public business. Ido now, in his Majesty's name, pro-
rogue this General Assembly to Tuesday, the 29th of
May next, and it is hereby accordingly prorogued."
The following resolutions were proposed by Mr. Guy,
and agreed to its the House of Assembly, on the 27th of
April, relative to the delegates who are commissioned to
come to this country:—
" That the Committee appointed to go to England to
lay our grievances at the foot of the throne, do represent to
his Majesty's Ministers the ruinous consequences of the
policy that has been of late pursued towards the colonies.
" That the said Committee be directed to take such
measures as to them may seem proper, to afford informa-
tion to either House of Parliament respecting the real
condition of our slaves. .

" That they do generally, by every means in their
power, oppose the progress of those opinions in Great
Britain which have already stirred up rebellion amongst
our slaves, and which are equally dangerous and destruc-
tive to them and ourselves."

ELECTIONS UNDER THE REFORM BILL.

SCHEDULE C.

NEW BOROUGHS TO RETURN TWO MEMBERS EACH.

BramiNGHAm.—Mr. Attwood and Mr. Scholefield are
the only candidates yet named.
Bor.Tol.r.—Mr. Ashton Yates, of Liverpool, and Col.
Torrens, has canvassed. A requisition to Mr. Stanley,
the Irish Secretary, was projected. A Tory candidate, a
Mr. W. Balling, is also in the field.
BRADFORD.—Mr. E. C. Lister, of Manoingham Hall,
has completed his canvas. There are two other candi-
dates, Mr. Banks, and Mr. Hardy; moderate Reformers,
we believe.

Biticitrox.—Several candikees are talked of, but only
talked of as yet. A requisition to Colonel Fox to stand
has been signed, but no answer given as yet. Mr. Attree
and another Gentleman of the town were some time since
mentioned, but neither has hitherto come forward publicly.
BLACKBURN.—Mr. Turner, of Shrigley, has offered
himself, in addition to Dr. liowring, Mr. Fielden, and Mr.
Hendle.

DEVONPORT.—Sir Edward Codrington is canvassing
here, having been solicited by a large body of electors.
Mr. Bellenden Carr, one of the secretaries to the Lord
Chancellor, is spoken of; other candidates are named, but
without any degree of certainty.
FasszußT.—Several names have been mentioned, but
none positively; amongst them Dr. Birkbeck, Alderman
Copeland, and Sir C. Marshall.
GARENWICII.—CoIoneI Sir Jones is talked of;
the inhabitants have had some meetings, but decided on
nothing as yet with respect to any candidate.
HALIFAX.—Mr. C. Wood, son•in-law of Earl Grey,
has been called on to come forward, and also Mr. Went-
worth Fitzwilliaw. Mr. Stocks is also canvassing. Cap-
tain St. George Lister has addressed his electors, avowing
his intention to becoma a candidate.
LA3IBETII.—Here, as yer, nothing decisive has been
done ; no can lidate has hitherto declared himself publicly.
LEEDS.—Mr. J. Marshall, one of the Members for
Yorkshire, is in the field ; and so is Mr. Macaulay, now
sitting for Caine. Mr. Sadler is the Tory candidate.
MARYLEBONE.—Sir W. Horne and Colonel G. Jones
have addressed the electors, pledging themselves to come
forward. Lord Weymouth and Sir Peter Laurie are
talked of by the Conservatives.
MANCHESTER.—The candidates spoken of are Mr. Mark
Phillips and Mr. John Wood, of Preston. Mr. Cobbett
and Mr. Fielden ars named on the Radical side. Mr.
Fielden is also talked of for Blackburn.
MACCLESFIELD.—Mr. John Ryle and Mr. J. Brockle-
hurst, jun., are the only candidates as yet announced.
01.1,11A31.—Sir Thomas Beevor, Mr. Otway Cave, Mr.
Cohhett, and Mr. Stanley, are spoken of. A fifth Gentle-
man mentioned is Mr. John Taylor, Captain of the Old-
ham Yeomanry Cavalry.
STOCK PORT. —Major Mareland has canvassed the elec-
tors. No other gentleman is named.
STOKE-UPON-TRENT.—No candidate is yet in the field.
STROUD.—Mr. Poulett Scrope, Mr. Hyetr, and Mr.
Ricardo, are in the field here.

SIIEFFIELD.-Mr. T. Asline Wood, Mr. Bailey, Mr.
Parker, and Mr. Buckingham, are in the field.
SUNDERLAND.-The Hon. Captain Barrington, R.N.,
and Sir William Chaytor, Bart., have declared themselves.
It is rumoured that the electors have an intention of calling
on Mr. Barclay, of London, to come forward ; the electors
have been themselves called on anonymously to hold them-
selves disengaged.
TOWER HAMLETS.-Nir. J. Barnett, the hanker, was
proposed, but has withdrawn his name. Mr. Fowell
Buxton is also spoken of; he, however, comes forward (or
Weymouth, which he now represents. Dr. Lushington
and Mr. William Crawfurd have accepted an invitation to
come forward.

WOLVERHAMPTON.-Mr. W. Whitmore has accepted
the invitation to stand here, and withdraws from Bridg-
north. Mr. Fryer, the banker, is also a candidate. Mr.
M. Hill, the barrister, was invited by some of the electors,
but declined coming forward.

SCHEDULE D.
NEW BOROUGHS TO RETURN ONE MEMBER EACH.

Asrfros urtnce.-Lvsc.—Mr. C. Hindly has been so-
licited to come forward, but has not yet given an answer.
Colonel Williams is talked of, and the Ultra-Radicals in-
tenn calling on Carli'e to become a candidate.
BURY.-Mr. R. Walker, of Woodhill, and Mr. Ed-
mund Grundy, of Park Hill, are the candidates. The Po-
litical Union supports the latter.
CIIELTENIIA3I.-The lion. Craven Berkeley has com-
pleted a successful canvass, having obtained promises from
three-fourths of tl e electors.

DUDLEY-Mr. Campbell, present Member for Stafford
comes forward here. Sir Horace St. Paul has made a
canvass. A deputation waited upon Mr. Spring Rice,
but he, we believe, declined, being sure of his election for
Limerick. Mr. Foster, Member for Bridgnorth, was
invited, but he declined, intending to retire from Par.
liament altogether. Mr. Parkes, of Birmingham, was
also spoken of.
FROIIE —Rear. Admiral Boyle, relative of the Earl of
Cork, .and Mr. T. Sheppard, of London, are canvassing
the electors.
GATESHEAD.—Mr. Cuthbert Rippon has canvassed the
constituency.
iiUDDERSFIEoLfr the
representation orkN.lhrirJe: Ca
n. d
Reaoimn sedse rfto
forward
we tai rreds fhererom ;
as
does also Mr. Joseph Wood, of Sande!, near Wakefield.—
Mr. Blackburne, the barrister, a native of ths town, is
mentioned as a probable candidate.
KIDDERMINSTER.—The electors have been solicited in
an anonymous paper not to pledge themselves to any can-
didate as yet in the field, as " a Nobleman well known in
the county as a supporter of everything tending to the
advancement of the happiness of the people will, at the
proper time? present himself," The Noble Lord in ques-

•tion has pledged himself to support the abolition of all
taxes upon the necessaries of life, and, to meet the defalca-
tion arising thereby, to vote for a modified property tax.
Mr. Philips comes forward ; also Mr. Godson, one of the
present Members fur St. Alban's. Col. Fox was invited,
but declined opposing Mr. Philips, on the ground of their
holding the some principles.
KENDAL.—Mr. James Brougham is the only candidate
now in the field.

MERTHYR TYDVIL AND ABERDARE-Mr. Guest,
U.Y. for Iloniton, comes forward for this new borough.
ROCIIDALE.-Mr. J. Fenton, of Crimble, and Mr.
Proctor, are in the field.
SALFORD.-Mr. Wm. Garnett and Mr. Brotherton
are as yet the only candidates named.
SOUTH SHIELDS.-Mr. S. Ilderton, of Lemmington
House, has addressed the electors. Mr. Young is also a
candidate.

TYNEMOUTII.—No candidates as yet publicly named.
WAKEFIELD.—Mr. Daniel Gasketl is a candidate ; the
Reformers solicited Mr. Haldsworth, the constable, to
come forward, but be declines because his engagements in
business prevent him, he says, from attending to Parlia-
mentary duties.
WALsAnr. —Mr. De Boscoe Attwood has completed a
very successful canvass. Mr. C. S. Forster, the banker,
is also in the field. The former will, it is thought, be the
Member. _ .

WA RRINGTON.-Mr. J. J. Blackburn, son taf the late
Member for Lancashire, and Mr. George Hornby, of Ellel
Hall, ara candidates. .

WHITBY.—NIr. Morrison and Mr. A. Chapman, banker,
are the candidates.

WHITEHAVEN.—Mr. J. Littledale, of Liverpool, is in
the field as a Reformer. Mr. M. Attwood, the Duke of
Newcastle's nominee for Boroughbridge, is talked of as
likely to come forward in opposition to him, supported by
Lord Lonsdale's interest.
