NENV CHURCHES.

On our re-admission, we found
Mr. HUM E addressing the House against the present ad-
vancement of the New Churches Bill, the reading of which, a
third time, he moved should take place to-morrow.
Mr. DEN MAN supported the postponement, and the CHAN-
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER opposed it.
Mr. BROUGHAM spoke in favour of the postponement.
Mr. 13. COOPER and Mr. Secretary CANNING opposed the
postponement.
The House then divided, when there appeared—
For the postponement - - 20
Against it - 95
`Majority - —75
The Bill was then read a third time.

On the motion that the Bill should pass.
r-. DENMAN opposed it. He considered the grant as
unnecesary and profligate, and as pressing most unjustly upon
Dissenters.
Mr. HUME repeated his former opposition to the Bill, on
the same grounds upon which he had relied before.
Mr. W. SMITII opposed the Bill, and Mr. RODERTSON
supported it.
Mr. MONCK said that he believed the Church of England
was hated by the people. It was not Churches that were
wanted, but congregations ; not cages, but better decoys. And
'lt so.happened, that whenever the English Church met with a
rival it always yielded. He must, however, say, that he
thanked Ministers for asking only half a million, because he
saw the House would give a million if it were asked.
Mr. T. WILSON supported the Bill.
The House then divided, and there appeared—
For the Bill - - - - 85
Against it - - - - 15
Majority . . -—7 O
And the Bill was then passed.
TREATY WITH THE NETHERLANDS.

On our re-admission, we found
Mr. CANNING moving for the second reading of the East
India Possession Bill, though he said he would not press the
motion at that late hour, if it were opposed.
Mr. HUME opposed the motion, and the second reading was
then fixed for this day.
MARINE INSURANCE BILL.
llir• BUXTON moved the third reading of the Marine In-
surance
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON opposed the motion, as the
hour was too late to discuss the question.
Mr. HUSKISSON supported the motion, as the bill had al-
ready been fully discussed.
Mr. P. (;RENFELL denied that the bill had been fully de-
bated. It was of the utmost importance not to pass it hastily
and without due consideration.
' Mr. JOHN SMITH supported the Bill.
The House then divided, when there appeared,
For the Bill 55
Against it - 15
Majority -—4 O
The Bill was then passed.
HORSE SLAUGHTERING.,

--
On the motion of Mr. MARTim, for the second reading of the
Horse Slaughtering Bill,
Sir M. W. RIDLEY opposed the Bill, and moved that it
be read a second time that day six months.
Mr. MARTIN supported the Bill, but said he did not in-
tend to press it this session.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY withdrew his amendment, and the Bill
was then committed, and the House went into the Committee.
Report received, and ordered for consideration that day six
months.
The other Orders of the day were disposd of, and at HALF.
PAOT Two the House adjourned.

COLOMBIA.

(OFFICIAL.)

Speech addressed by Colonel HAMILTON, First Commissioner
from His BRITANNIC MAJESTY, to his Excellency the
Vice-President of the Republic, on the occasion of his being
presented to him by the Minister for Foreign Affairs on the
ath of March, at half-past 11 o'clock, together with Colonel
CAMPBELL, and Mr. CADE, Secretary to the Commission.
Sir,—lt is my ardent wish that the commission which the
King of England has dispatched to the Republic of Colombia,
should be means of establishing a firm and solid alliance be-
tween the countries. The mutual interests of both countries
require this compact, and I confess that I do not perceive any
obstacle to the accomplishment of this most desirable object. I
cannot but acknowledge, that England possesses at present but
little information on South America, a region towards which
-nature has been so liberal—l may say so prodigal, of her most
precious gifts, where all the productions peculiar to tropical
climates; and the greater part of those of the temperate climates
of Europe, are to be met with in abundance ; but your Excel_
lency will permit me to assure you, that the British nation is
not ignorant of the sacrifices that have been made by the people
of Colombia, nor of tile valour and determination which has been
manifested by the army of Colombia during the sanguinary
and arduous conflict it has been engaged in to free itself from
an oppressive state of slavery. 1 can confidently affirm, that
the British people feel the most lively interest in the welfare
and prosperity of Colombia ; and your Excellency will permit
me to declare, that I participate in those generous feelings to
the fullest extent.
It is said, Sir, that France wishes to assist Spain to re-con-
quer these countries ; let not the people of Colombia entertain
any apprehension of such an invasion, for in Great Britain it
will find a firm and constant friend. I have the honour to pre-
sent a snuff-box to your Excellency, on the part of His Bri-
tannic Majesty, in testimony of his esteem.

BOW-STREET--(Tuts DAY).

THE EX•SHERIFF PARKINS.—This gentleman
appeared on the Bench, and read a letter to the
Magistrates, containing strong censure against
the Editors who conduct certain diurnal Jour-
nals.
