. 802

Total..

548
. 254

Cholera
Other diseases
( From the Quebec Papers. )
We learn with pleasure that the cholera is disappearing in
Montreal, and we are happy to add that a very material im-
provement has taken place in this city.
UPPER CANADA.—A dreadful scene took place in the town
of Torento : the Mayor called a public meeting in the Market-
square to take into consideration the taxes : a large multitude
of persons got up in the gallery which surrounded the inner
part of the market-house, when the timber gave way, and
dreadful to relate, near 100 persons fell to the ground ; several
lost their lives and a number of them were wounded.
Accounts have been received at New York from the West
Indies, which state that the abolition of slavery had commenced
in the English Islands ( Antigua and St. Kitt's. ) The Go-
vernor called together a portion of the most intelligent slaves,
informing them of the conditions on which they were to be free,
but a spirit of revolt took place, and martial law was about to
be proclaimed.

THE FUNDS.
An express has arrived this morning, as stated, with favour-
able information respecting some financ►al measures, which has
caused Portuguese Stock to improve from 791- to 82. The
exact information is not put forth to the public as yet.
Spanish Stock 494 1.
Consols, which left off at 901 opened at the same price,
with little doing.
Spanish comes 40k ; Rentes 74f. 95e. •
The private letters by the express from Lisbon this morn-
ing states that the measures of the cash payments have been
modified; that half is to be paid in cash, and the other half in
bills, as usual, which has given great satisfaction to the pub-
lic and merchants at Lisbon. They are all tranquil there.

HALF-PAST ONE.
The following information from Lisbon was received this
morning by way of Madrid :
Prom the Ist of September the legal money in Portugal
will be only metallic, but all the contracts entered into before
the 23d July will be paid in the terms they were agreed upon
before the issue of the decree for the extinction of the cur-
rency."
The above amendment to the decree proposed by the
Ministers was carried unanimously in the Cortes.
Don Pedro has been elected Regent, with only five votes
against him.
This has had the effect to improve Portuguese Stock to 82,
since which it is not so good, and may be quoted 81! ; Spa-
nish, 49-I-4
Consols, which were in the early part of the morning 90f,
have improved to 901 for the Account, with little doing.

Consols for the Aeeount, 90i.

THREE 0' CL 0 CK.
