.~ t

)s od

•s Pd
.s. r d
.a t d.
'is ('d.
d

,EK.

a. d.
74 0
29 11
21
13 0

4. ;t.
1 at 1
1 11

l•
sales
s are

ealer
nting
laser,

16014
im-
taken
It the
rault.
!ss is

(or k•

'Jon.
Wil-

L 8011 •
---

r. w.
towe,
Duke
ter of
)n, in

If St.
ft, to
ayler.

1. D.,
.11CaSo

orke,
onis,

[airy
beth,

)line,

,mas,
3eral
tlett,

unes

d of

rriat
En-

sq.,

anicl

thd

rove,

of
f
4, 0

The present Administration, we are told, are some or them
so
*1 competent" men. The ability and competency of
me able" and
of These men we need rr,t stop to dispute. But "able," we
"Ks aor what Purpose, and " Competent" to what end?
e
Electors—Retd to list of the present Administration, and ask
/ourselves b fore
ukC you give your votes if Sir Robert Peel and the
of Wellington—Lord Lyndhurst and Lord Ellenborough—
Ile Earl or Aberdeen and Mr. Alexander Baring—Sir George
rtl", aY, Sir Edward Knatchbull and Sir Henry Hardinge—and,
na'lY, Mr. Goulbern and Mr. Ferries—ask yourselves if those
are the Ministers whom you think " able," and, if " able," willing,
to maintain free and independent principles—to uphold the sacred
e443e or Civil and religious liberty, or " competent" to carry out
the results and consequences of the Reform Bill, and to represent
the opinions and advance the interests of the people of this great
empire ?

Cost the Electors trust such wen ?
Val the great questions of civil freedom and religious Liberty be
l'are in their hands ? Can the sincere Churchman believe that such
men Will effect those necessary Reforms now universally admitted to
" essential to the safety of the Establishment ? Can the Protest-
ant Dissenter believe that by these men his grievances will be re-
ressed, or his just claims admitted? Will any rights, civil or re-
ligions, be safe in their hands? Can the advoeete of Negro Eman-
cpation trust to them for the safe, the peaceable, and the effectual
:ipletion of that great measure ? Can the friends of Corporation
i&Reform trust to them the correction of the abuses of that municipal
stnera
viole,ntly
which they have ever used for their own party purpose??
the new Constituency, who have received the elective franchise
°Ny through the Reform Bill, trust to the professions of men who
opposed their admission to that franchise? Or can the
„PI" of England trust in a party whose confidence they have
!nations—who,
"e'er possessed but to abuse it—who have so frequently plunged the
cnintry into bloody and expensive wars against the freedom of other
at home, .have supported abuses, opposed reforms,
Ind who now feel and avow that they can only ask for andna?..73,50 of the people by disclaiming all their past opinions, repu-
4iteg ail their past principles ?
This is, above all others, a contest of principle. It is at the
Present Election that this contest must be decided. The experience
af history
amply proves that a resistance to timely and necessary
Reform in the government of countries has invariably.produced
confusion led to the destruction of property, and terminated in the
uncertainties and calamities of revolution.
Electors,—You will in any case be safe in choosing real Refer-
lionere• If the present Administration be sincere they must be glad
receive the support of Such men ; if insincere your Representa-
t.ives will be prepared to oppose them. But upon pretended Re-
formers you can place no reliance—they must and will deceive you.
It is asked—how absurdly asked—what have the members of the
prwesent Administration 4. to gain by upholding abuses ?" We an-
ser that which they have always had to gain—place and power—
that monopoly of both which enabled them so long to struggle
ZujeesefellY against the wishes and the will of the people, and for
.4 a century to guide the politics of a nation, And to govern the
destinies of a world which has made that party rich and powerful,
but which has subjected kingdoms to slavery, and has left England
to t
to groan beneath a debt of eight hundred millions. In opposition
his system, and to the party which created and upheld it, we
call upon the Electors of England promptly and powerfully to exert
their undivided energies.
HENRY KINGSCOTE, Chainnar_
JOHN TRAVERS, Deputy Cnairm'an.
United Committee Room, Guildhall CoffeebLuse,
Jan. 5, 15.35.

TO THE ELECTORg OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
GINTLIMEN,
As it appears that an immediate dissolution of
Parliament is now expected, I beg leave to intimate to you,
that it is my intention, in that event, again to tender my humble
services as one of yoiii representatives for this City.
Having, byyour faiour and confidence, had the honour of serving
you in that capacity during two long and important sessions, it
cannot, I presume, now be necessary for me to offer any very de-
tailed profession of my political principles, the votes I have given
On the several momentous questions which were brought ander
the consideration of Parliament affording the clearest and most un-
nuivocal illustration of them ; they will be found, I believe, to be
In perfect accordance with the declaration I made when, upon a
requisition most numerously and respectably signed, and embracing
sill the leading commercial interests of the City, I was encouraged
for the first time to solicit the honour of your suffrages.
I need hardly, therefore, repeat, that I entertain a sincere desire
to correct, repair, and improve our venerated institutions, civil and
ecclesiastical, as the best and surest means of preserving them, but
that I shall never cease to oppose those schemes of speculative inno-
l'atlon, which, if acted upon, would inevitably lead to their ultimate
and total subversion.
Although warmly attached to the Church of England, I have
always been a sincere friend to religious toleration, and anxious to
s?!remove every just and reasonable ground of complaint on the part
our Dissenting fellow subjects, arising from any restrictions or
disabilities which they may labour under in the conscientious exer-
cise of their religious opinion,.
To all subjects connected with the commercial, colonial, and ma-
ritime interests of the country, and of this City in particular, I have
gives, and shall continue tobestow, unremitting attention, in order
t 0 promote their extension and improvement ; in proof of which, I
hope I may, withor.c presumption, advert to the important measure
for the benefit of, merchant-seamen, which I had the satisfaction to
°riginate and, carry through the last Session of Parliament, not-
withstandin.g the opposition it met with on the part of Government.
kadverting to the recent change in his Majesty's Councils, I
linistry ,•
.?•ll not quempt to prejudge the conduct or policy of the new
I may, however, be allowed frankly to state, that looking
N'lmpar;:ially at the talents, experience, and character of the en-
atened statesman who is called to preside over it, and of his il-
iustrious colleague, to whom has been intrusted our Foreign Rela-
tion 3, I entertain a sanguine expectation that the affairs of this
kingdom will, under their auspices, be efficiently administered at
home, and its influence, character, and interests firmly maintained
and upheld in foreign countries.
At any rate, I feel assured that dispassionate men of all parties
will concur with me in thinking that we are hound in fairness, and
as loyal subjects to our Sovereign, to give to his Ministers (chosen
under circumstances of almost unparalleled difficulty) that which
alone they ask---" a fair trial."
I am, however, well aware that these are times in which we are
called upon rather to look to measures and principles, than to the •
party or individuals from whom they emanate ; and you may rest
assured, that as I was not a• factious opponent of the last, so neither
all I be found a servile or indiscriminate supporter of the present
or any other Administration.
tlconclusion, Gentlemen, I have only to add, that should I,
lrottgh opp
ur continued confidence and suort be ain laced n
highly honourable situation of one of your, Repagresentap i tives, I
4wm, in strict conformity with the principles I have avowed, endea-
tir, as I have hitherto done, diligently and faithfully to discharge
important duties.
I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your obliged and faithful Servant,

GEORGE LYALL.
House, Broad-street, Dee. 26, 1834.

DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT.

T 0 HOWHOUSE FOR FINSBURY.
- THE ELECTORS OF THE BOROUGH of FINSBURY.
- IaIINTLEIVic
ARLIAMENT is now Dissolved. I am anxious,
ph : tkvefore, again to address you, and to state briefly and ex -
ip
;ti th) the c'tl7 grounds honor on which I solicit the hono of your suffrages
1•
.1 "cession.
t,, hsve always considered the Septennial Act an infringementupon
Trien-
nial Constitution, and I shall therefore advocate a return to Trien-
'V Parliaments.
eVe4.n a friend to the Ballot, as experience has convinced me that
fr elect:'
under the present mode of voting cannot be conducted free
-OPI the influence of power and intimidation.
4i do not consider the present Rate-paying Clauses in the Reform
voeet sa a fair criterion for enfranchisement ; I am, therefore, an ad-
te for their Repeal.
~I consider the Tithe System most pernicious, whether taken in
Frlttection with religion, or with the interests of the country; and
tinatr, therefore, seek the Abolition of Tithes by a fair commuta-
fur I consider the Corn Laws a Landlord's monopoly, and am, there-
t
' e,
con
their gradual, but early and certain repeal.
wit'. :their
the present st%te of the Irish Church to be an abuse
~,1 eh detoa9ds instant redress, and I maintain that the sur-
rus Revenues, after supplying the spiritual wants of the Protestant
Revenues, are at the disposal of Parliament.
wha2onsider it both unjust and impolitic that any civil distinctions
the 'ever should exist on account of religious opinions. I wish,
r .drefore, to have all the grievances of the Dissenters imyrediately
tteridr.sse!l! more particularly their excinsion from the Universities,
, lability to Church Rates in any shape whatever.
in it:hall take every occasion to assist in doing away with flogging
1(4- 6 ArmY and Navy, a species of torture which ought to be un-
.'wn to the English laws.
the
am for the Reform of Corporations, and • for giving the people
"ci.Periodical Election of their municipal officers.
! tit for a Revision of the Pension List.
to I shall always urge the severest economy in the public expendi-
ni't.e' with a view to relieve the industrious classes of the commu-
,,
r_ Y.,froin those taxes which press so injuriously upon them, and
7cularly from the Window Tax.
where 1411 Y, The character and composition of the present Ministry,
the names are now before you, leave no doubt in my mind that
therY. must oppose all measures of real and efficient Reform. I shall,
the ef°re feel it my duty, if elected your Representative, to give
i ~Present Ministry my uncompromising and unqualified opposition
n Parliament.
ir With
gratitude for the cordial manner in which I have been
4 tady received by you,
I have the honour to be Gentlemen,
Your faithful and obedient servant,
11. ia,..,.1-mall, Dec. 31, HENRY WILLIAM HOBHOUSE.
1 • 1834.

•TO Tll tUCTOtig OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
THE COMMITTEE for conductin,g, the ELEC-
TION of Mr. LYALL, Mr. WARD, and Mr. WIL-
SON, are desirous of stating to their brother Electors, the grounds
On which they solicit tileif §tippdit rtir those Gentlemen at the ap-
preaching llfiction. It appears to them that the Constitution of
this country is placed in a position of considerable, danger. The
King has lately exercised the prerogativ6 ibitli it iicli lie is invested
by the Constaption; Nf Zli'd'osing his Ministers, and what is the
marine+. 111 Which this act on the part of his Majesty has been re-
etiVed ? The people are told by our opponents, that it is their duty
to return to the Commons House of Parliament Members who will
give to the measures , tvhie,t they., Mininerg I+l4 a
cafes titd Consideration—but an uncompromising opposition.
If this attempt be successful, where is the value of the King's prero-
gative ? If in this manner one of the elements of the Constitution
be nullified, which is next to be sacrificed ? Where is this course
of disorganization to stop ?
• •
And oil Whit ground is it that this unconstitutional opposition is
threatened? Is it that the King has appointed incompetent or cor-
rupt Ministers to conduct the Government ? Is Sir Robert Peel,
as Prime Minister, less competent than Lord Melbourne? Is the
Duke of Wellington lees able EU thit nekociations of
the &lie than Lord Palmerston ? Is Lord Lyndhurst a less able
Chancellor than Lord Brougham ? Is Mr. Alexander Baring less
acquainted with the commercial interests of the country than Mr.
Poulett Thomson? Where, then, has the nation sustained injury
by the appointments?
But it is alleged that these distinguished persons are enemies to
the Reform Bill. The Reform Bill, however, has been passed. It
is part of the law of the land. Not only, is it out of, the power of
the Government to diger). it, hilt 1116 GoVeiiinient has declared,
through RI head, in terms as plain as the'English language can a--
ferd, that they " consider the Reform Bill a final and irrevocalle
settlement of a great constitutional question—a settlement which no
friend to the peace and welfare of the country would attempt to dis-
turb, either by indirect or by insidious means."
The cry of Anti-fermi it I mere delusion. There is no such
spirit in the Government. Who was more steady, practical,
solid Reformer than Sir Robert Peel when he was in power before ?
Look at the measures which, as Home Minister, he brought for-
ward, one after the other, as fast as he could mature them—all of
real, substantial usefulness. Who is so capable as such a man of
effecting whatever further reforms eno a ell dr (10eltisik,tioli polity
may stand in need of..itl the Only Way they ought to be made—
carefully and prudently.
As to the cause of constitutional liberty., where is the man who
has so triumphently upheld that sacred cause es the Doke of Wel-
lington ? Where would the libeltitg of Britain and the other
nations of Europe have beta at this hour, but, under Providence,
for him ? And when he held the powers of Government at home,
when was the royal patronage more purely and more honestly ad-
ministered than by his hands ?
What have such men as these to gain by upholding abuses ?
Possessing reputation, honour, and wealth, their dearest in-
terests are bound up with those of their country, and must ever
remain so.
The tyrannical spirit of those who now seek, under the guise of
Reformers, to guide the public mind, is offensive to the national
eharacter. They tell the King—" If your Majesty shall venture to
select your Ministers out of any other than one section of public men,
whom we choose to call Reformers, we will, as far as in us lies,
subvert your Government. We will return Members of Parliament
who will oppose every measure it may lacing forward." Is this,
indeed, the liberty of Englishmen ii Are such men as those who
have been adverted to, to be for ever excluded from devoting their
talents and experience to the service of their country ?
If the King, in the exercise of his Royal judgment, withdrew his
confidence from the late Ministers, was he the first to do so ? Did
not Earl Grey, Mr. Stanley, Sit James Graham, the Duke of
Richmond, the Earl of Ripon, set his MalestOhe example y inn
not they successively withdraw front th 6 if Government, because
they could no longer act with it ?
Electors of the City of London ! Suffer not yourselves to be de-
luded by words without meaning.. Act upon the plain dictates of
common sense and British feeling.
Return to Parliament those who will gite to the Ring's Minis-
ters a fair trial—who will not pletlo thetnselres before-hand to
condemn unheard—men who will Uphold that Constitution under
which we have so long nourished—who will carry on the work of
Reform without destruction—and will, without party violence, give
examinat
to all measures which nay be brought, a cool, candid, and honest
. men are Liall, Ward, and Wilson.
MATTHIA. PRIME LUCAS, Chairman.
THOMAS HOWELL, Deputy Chairman.
City of London Tavern, Jan. 2, 1835.
The Committee sit daily at the City of London Tavern, Bishops-
gate-street, where all communications regarding the Election will
be thankfully received.

CITY OF LONDON ELECTION.
THE COMMITTEE for CONDUCTING the
ELECTION of Mr. LYALL, Mr. WARD, and Mr.
WILSON, cannot help feeling that, notwithstanding the great
and sweessful exertions which have been made in canvassing the
Electors, there must be many of them who have not been called
upon.

The Committee trust that such omission will not be attributed
to any want of respect, but to the true cause, the very short time
which has been allowed for a canvas by the fixing of so early a day
for the Election.

The Committee most earnestly request that their friends will not
relax in their exertions during the short time that intervenes be-
fore the Election, and no doubt can then be entertained of their
success.

The Poll will commence to-morrow, Tuesday, at Nine
o'Clock, and on Wednesday at Eight o'Clock in the Morning, when
the friends of Mr. Lyall, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Wilson, are most
earnestly requested to Five an early attendance.
MA I'THIAS PRIME LUCAS, Chairman.
Committee Room, City of London Tavern, Jan. 5, 1t3,15.

AT a MEETING of the ELECTORS of the
CITY of LONDON, residing in Southwark and its vici-
nity, held at the Three Tuns Tavern, St. Margaret's-hill, January
3d, 1835 :

FLORENCE YOUNG, Esq., in the Chair 3
the following resolutions were unanimously agreed to :
Moved by Mr. Henry Weston, Esq., and seconded by John
Woodbridge Nash, Esq. ;
That, in the opinion of this Meeting, George Lyall, William
Ward, and Thomas Wilson, Esqrs., from their independent princi-
ples, high character, and intimate acquaintance with the commer-
cial, shipping, and manufacturing interests of the empire, as well
as for the ability and integrity which they displayed in the Com-
mons House of Parliament, are peculiarly qualified to become the
representatives of the city of London.
Moved by John Allen Shuter, Esq., and seconded by William
Bon.adaile, Esq. ;
That this Meeting engage to use their most strenuous exertions
to promote and secure the election of George Lyall, William Ward,
and Thomas Wilson, Esqs., at the approaching election.
Mr. Edwards Lyall, Henry Ward, and Francis Wilson, severally
addressed the Meeting.
Moved by John Woolley, Esq., and seconded by William Borra-
M daile, Esq. ;
That the thanks of this Meeting begiven to the sons of the three
candidates, for the eloquent, manly, and explicit statement by them
on behalf of their respective fathers.
Moved by Joshua Hart, and seconded by Henry Weston ;
That the thanks of this Meeting be given to Florence Young,
Esq., for his kindness in taking the chair, and his able discharge of
the duties thereof.

ELECTORS OF WESTMINSTER.
OENTLEMEN,
CALLED on by so large and respectable a body
of the Electors of Westminster, as have done me the dis-
tinguished honour to invite me to offer myself as a candidate for
Westminster, I can no longer, at so eventful a moment, when an
important crisis is at hand, decline to place my services at your dis-
posal, and permit myself to be put in nomination for your suffrages
on the approaching election. Stranger as lam to you, it is a duty
I owe to you, as well as just to myself, that I should distinctly de-
clare my political sentiments.
Never having before offered myself to public notice as a politi-
cian, I stand entirely free from any trammels of party, and altoge-
ther unfettered by any pledge or promise, as well as uncompromised
by any previous political line of conduct.
My previous declaration wl, I hope, be a sufficient guarantee
that popular rights and privileges will be among the first objects of
my care. _

.11Iy declaration that I consider the constitution tinder which we
live the best calculated to secure the happiness of a free and inde-
pendent people which has ever yet been devised, will, I trust con-
vince you, that while I strenuously advocate reform, I seek not to
destroy ; and that while I shall anxiously desire to renovate and
• improve the superstructure wherever it may show symptoms of de-
cay, I shall carefully avoid touching the foundation which has stood
the shock of ages, and on which only can permanently be secured
the Constitutional rights of the Crown, and the liberties of the people.
While I will firmly maintain an Established Church, in the full
conviction that Christianity itself, under whatever form, is strength-
ened and protected by its influence, I am persuaded a careful re-
view of our ecclesiastical institutions is essential to its prosperity,
and my best endeavours shall be used to place it upon such a foot-
ing as will conduce to peace and goodwill between it and those who
conscientiously depart from her doctrines; and above all, my anx-
ious wish will be to establish those relations between the pastor and
his flock, as will ensure that mutual affection and respect which is
too often interrupted by causes over which neither party has had
any control.
My fellow-countrymen, I stand here as the opponent of no man
—the prominent situation in which I am placed by a large portion
of your fellow-citizens, was unsought and unexpected by me ; but
having been honoured by so marked a demonstration, and such as-
surances of success, I cannot hesitate, to declare my full determina-
tion to give at? opportunity to every elector of Westminster to re-
cord his sentiments at the poll.
I have the honour to remain, Gentlemen,
Your faithful and obedient servant,
THOMAS COCHRANE.

45, Devonshire-street, Jan. 3, 1835.
P. S.—l extremely regret, that from the shortness of the inter-
val between this and the day of nomination, it will be impossible
for me to pay that attention which I consider due to every elector,
in personally soliciting his vote.
The Central Committee for promoting the election of Sir Thomas
Cochrane, SIT DAILY at the British Coffee-house, Cockspur-
street, Charing-cross.
There is no truth whatever in the statement of a coalition with
any other Candidate—no such proposition would for a moment be
entertained.

WESTMINSTER ELECTION.
THE COMMITTEE for CONDUCTING the
ELECTION of Sir THOMAS COCHRANE SIT
DAILY at the British Coffee-house, Cockspur-street, Charing-
cross, to receive communications ; and respectfully inform the
Electors that the Nomination of Candidates will take place in Co-
vent-garden To-morrow, at Twelve o'clock.—Jan. 5, 1835.

To the ELECTORS of BEIIIZBIIIItL.
. Committe-room, Reading, Jan. 2, 1833.
CIAPTAIN Dundas has published a part, and a
k J a part only of his own correspondence with Mr. Walter.
Mr. Walter's Coretnittec place the whole eorrespondence before
his constitttents, and leatt.thetit set decide tipott its merits. Whe-
ther Captain Dtifidaii i 111 Eitceßid " ltt tOrrling ;%11., Walter out"
depends upon the suffrages of the independent Electol's who first
gave him his seat. Though Captain Dundas arro •ates to him-
self the credit of having been mainly instrumental in obtaining Mr.
.W.'s return in 1832, he may yet find himself mistaken in thinking
that the votes of the independent constituency of Berkshire are to
be transferred "at the Weed of Cdertrfldttds' to any person whom he,
or Mr. Trockmorton, may please to nominate.
Captain Dundas seems to have forgotten that if he was instru-
mentali—and what voter is not ?—in seating Mr. W. for Berks,
the friends of Mr. Walter were also instrumental in seating Captain
Dundee for the eonstituenek
.If. Greenwich, which he has deserted t
because they had made up ifieti niindg to reject him. The reci-
procity is not all on one side, and written proof exists that Captain
Dundas was once also of that opinion, •
The first and tceonll I,oter of Captain buridas, though dated on
the 25th and 26th o December, diti ndt attire at Mt, Walter's
house till the morning of the 23th, and both bear the pot
the 26th of the place in which they were put into the post. Mr.
Walter's answer was sent in the evening of the 23th. The letter
of Captain Dundas, dated Maidenhead, Dee. 29, was not delivered
till ten treloch on the following morning, and the answer was re-
turned immediately by the servant who brought it.

llarton Cottrt,_ Thursday, With Dee., 13.34:
My clear iiitVe lidarci with grek surprise that your agents
arc canvassing the county against me. Before f takb tiny gtepf let
me know explicitly if this is by your direction.
I have never asked a man for more thin one vote of the three
every elector has to dispose of. Direct, if you please, to Post-
office, Maidenhead, and after Saturday to Captain Fowler's,
Binfield. Yours very truly,
To J. Waiter, E 44., 010. D UNDA S.

Bear, Reading, 2tith nee., 18.14.
My dear Sir,—Your agents have been circulating the enclosed
false statement both at Farringdon and Wallingford. You see the
notation of my having been unwell (which was in the Reading
paper) it Baliti@d; This looks very warlike on your part—l must
have it explained—being perfectly aware from whence this con-
temptible electioneering paper came in the first instance.
My letter from Barton Codrt respecting your agent's asking for
plumpers and against Well tit this letter=-I beg you will
consider as very unlikely to come before the plate, fdr I hate war
in disguise. Yours truly,
To J. Walter, Esq., M.P. JNO. DUNDAS.

Bearwood, Dec. 28, 1834.
My dear Sir,—Your two letters, the one dated Barton-court,
25.41 December, and the other Bear, Reading, 26th December,
reached me together this moVnitig.
In the first you state that you have heard with great surprise that
my agents were canvassing the county against you, and ask me to
declare whether this has been done by my direction.
I will candidly confess to you, that the conduct of Mr. Throck-
ton, in withholding so long from his colleagues, and from the county
at large, the information which he confided to you, respecting his in-
tended resignation at the approaching dissolution of Parliament, and
the undisguised hostility which a few of the More Violent partisans
of the late administration in this county expressed towards me, in
consequence of my not sympathizing with them in the dismissal of
that Administration, induced me to look with some degree of jea-
lousy on your coming forward as a candidate. That jealousy was
considerably increased When I heard that Mr. Throckmorton,-,
who ought not to have embarked me needlessly in the costly experi-
ment of another etniteit Word hd ima paid hiS Share of the expendi-
ture ray athStltS were compelled to incur, and on the express
ceengagm
ntraele committeen ton b e hdail o
df
incur,
cut Throckmorton on.; tntoheby the chairman
necessary
expenses ohf is
of
carrying oar mutual friends to the poll at t!'"
last election,—was
canvassing in person in hie ostn neighbourhood for p,'4:-..!n r. ers fo ,
yotl. Intelligence of similar proceedings on the part of others o
your friends reached me about the same time from different parts
of the county. For instance, the steward of a nobleman, who
is one of your stanchest supporters, told a friend of mine, who .
was canvassing his Lordship's tenantry for me, that his canvass
wouldibe of no use this time, and I have since learned that the
tenants have had instructions to " vote for Mr. Throckmorton's
friend." These instructions have produced the desired effect, for the
tenants, who voted for me last time, who avow that they have no ,
fault to find with my votes in Parliament, and who still express
their good wishes for my success, have not dared to give me a single
promise of Support at the ensiling election, Moreover; an elector of
lintbury—whom; after your letter, I must assume to be labouring
under some misapprehension—positively assured my agent at
Hungerford that he hvl been asked by you personally for a
plumper. Under such circumstances, knowing as I did that there
was no schism in the powerful party of electors who had supported
Messrs. Palmer and Pusey at the last election, in which the Re-
formers had such great difficulty in obtaining the victory,—feeling
that Mr. Throckmorton had flung the winning cards of the Re-
formers out of his own hands into those of our late opponent Mr.
Pusey,by resigning so unexpectedly,and I must say so unkindly to his
colleagues, on the eve of a general election,—feeling likewise that
there was still a strong spirit of opposition manifested towards me
by many of those who opposed me at the last general election, and
that there was also some defection, though happily not a conside-
rable defection, among those who supported me at that time,—l
must have wilfully deluded myself, had I remained blind to the fact,
which from every quarter stared me in the face,—namely, that
your coming forward placed my return for the county, that just ob-
ject of honouralile ambition, in some jeopardy. My agents were
therefore directed to use their utmost exertions, and their best dis-
cretion, to secure my re-election ; and IF, in canvassing the elec-
tors, they have followed the example of Mr. Throckmotton and
others of your friends in asking for plumpers for their principal,
they have done so as a precaution against the danger in which my
cause was involved by the prior use of such tactics against me.
This conduct on the part of my agents is not—you must yourself
confess—a whit more " warlike against you" than the conduct to
which I have alluded on the part of your friends is " warlike
against me."
In your second letter you call my attention to " a false statement"
which you say has been circulated by my agents both at Farringdon
and Wallingford. To this I can only reply, that neither personally
nor by my Committee have I issued or authorized the issue of any
bill on the subject of the ensuing election, my address to the elec-
tors being of coarse excepted. The bill published at Newbury,
to which I suppose you advert, and from which the bill you
have sent me is an extract, was written and published by an
elector of hie own free will, and without any suggestion of mine.
Indeed I did not see it until it had been some days in print.
Whether the facts stated in the bill be true or false I have no means
of ascertaining—for as I have kept no record of my own votes, it
is not likely that I should have kept a record of your votes or of
those of my colleagues. Other persons have, it appears, been
more attentive to our proceedings, and I am glad, of it; for good
must accrue to the country from this close attention on the part
of the electors to the parliamentary votes and attendance of the
elected.

But to return from this digression. The bill printed at Farring-
don—which by the bye is only an abridgment of the Newbury one
—was not issued by any paid agent of mine, but as I understand
emanated like the other from an elector. The omission of the
" notation in the Reading paper" was I trust an inadvertence on
his part ; and if the bill should ever be re-issued under the
authority either of myself or my committee, the fact of your
absence from indisposition in the early part of last session shall
certainly be noticed. Who gave directions for the publication of
the bill at Wallingford I do not know, for at present I have no
agent in that town. _ _

—I
have given you this explanation in that spirit of frankness
which has hitherto marked all transactions between us ; but I
must protest against being held responsible for every squib or
placard which the zeal of my supporters may prompt them to issue
at the approaching election.
Yours very truly,

J. WALTER.

Captain Dundas.

Maidenhead. 29th Dec., 1834.
have received your letter of 8:x pages, which is by no
means satisfactory.
Before me lies a copy of a letter from one of your agents to an
elector in Berks, calling on him to plump for you, and by no means
to give a vote to Dundas !
I hate war in disguise. I was mainly instrumental with my bro-
ther Reformers in seating you for Berks in 1832, and I shall now
do my best to turn you out. I am, Sir, your most obedient servant,
J. Walter, Esq., M. P., Bearwood. JNO. D. DUNDAS.

Bearwood, December 30, 11 a. m.
Sir,--I have just received your letter of the 29th instant. Like
you, I hate " war in disguise ; " and as you have now at last de-
clared open war against me, willingly leave the county to decide
which of us has been the aggressor.
I thank you for your support at the last election—l care not for
your opposition at the present. My principles are the same now as
they were in 1532; and relying as I do upon the justice and inde-
pendence of my brother Reformers, I do not fear that they will
turn round against me merely because you give the word of com-
mand ; or abandon my interests, because in promoting them my
agents have detected and counteracted the insidious machinations of
your friends to injure them.
I trust that, in accordance with your intimation in a former let-
ter, you will publish this correspondence.
I am, Sir, your obedient servant,
J. WALTER.

Captain Dundas.

Extract of a letter from Mr, Thomas Jelfs, of Hungerford, dated
December 29.
" I have just seen the elector whom I named to you last week.
He tells me, when Captain D. called he was not at home, but his
wife was. Captain D. said, I called to solicit your husband's
vote ;' adding, Tell him I hope he will give me a plumper.' I
had this from the wife. Captain D.'s son has since called, when
the elector told him he should vote for Mr. Walter as well as his
father. Mr. - has been canvassing for Captain D. ; he called
on a staunch friend of Mr. W.'s, using the following expressions :
I hope you will vote for Captain D., and have nothing to do with
old Walter this time.' "

Bell Inn, Faringdon,.Dec. 31, 1834.
Sir,—Understanding that you desire to be accurately informed by
me, in writing, cf certain circumstances that have already been re-
ported to you, I lose no time in addressing you.
On Wednesday, the 24th of December, I, in company with a
friend of yours, canvassed the steward of a Whig Nobleman in this
neighbourhood, with a view to ascertain if those among the tenants
who voted for you at the last election, would be allowed to do the
same at theresent election. The steward said to us—" Who are
you for ?" I p
answered, "Mr. Walter." The steward replied,
" Then, I tell you candidly, it will not do this time." Your friend
said--." Is Captain Dundas the man ?" The steward answered,
" Yes." Those of the tenants whom we saw, said they should
vote as his Lordship wished. One of them said to us--" It is of
no use ; you'll get no promise here." The report in the village
was, that the tenants had been requested " to vote for Mr. Throck-
morton's friend."
We found is another village that the understanding was, that the
tenants of another Whig Lord, who bears sway there, were ex—
pected to support Mr. Dundas.
Mr. Throckmorton's tenants are influenced by the example of
