ASSESSED TAXES.

Mr. GORING (Shoreham) presented a petition from
the inhabitants of the town of Worthing for the abili-h-
-nlg of the inhabited house dwy and window taxes. The
Hon. Member begged to observe that lie heartily ciin-
curred in the prayer of the petition, which was nume
musty signed by respectable housekeepers. He stat-d
that he sincerely hoped his Majesty's Ministers would
r. peal those duties which ssed so heavily upon the
middle class, and which were levied and coll,c eri most
inequitably. If his Msjesty's Ministers wished to re-
tain the confluence of the cruniry they must adopt
.and continue alone such taxes as wr.re founded on
just and impartial principles.—(Hear, hear.) He had
'no wish to embarrass his M ijesty's Ministers, hut be
thought they must be prep ired to repeal these duties.—
(Hear, hear.) When be found the Right Hon. Secrelary
at War had, so long ago as 1822. advocated th• Lame-
di ire repeal of these taxes, and lad, in a most eloquent
speech, proved these always to hate been con•idered a•
war taxes, not only by Mr. Fox and Mr. Wyndham, hat
also by Mr. Pitt. and when he found the Right Hi•n. S.-
cretary at War saying in that speech—" I have before told
you to what am•.unt I Think we have a r ght to diminish
'taxation. If you have no surplus, reduce your exaelidi
ture. That there are means of so doing no one can doubt,
hut the particular mode rated nut be clown by me, orb.
:any one; that onus lies upon you. You have no net to
your large establishments—it is ridiculous to call them ne-
cessary—they cannot be necessary if the peopie cannot af-
ford to pay for 'them." The Hon. Member said that tin
distressed people of England called upon the Right Hon.
Secretary to enforce those opinions, and he trusted that
his Right Hon. Colleagues would bend to his powerful
el, quence. ( Hear, he Ir.)
Sir C. M. BURRELL supported the petition.
PACIFICATION OF IRELAND BILL.

The Sergeant at Arms announced a message from the
Lords.

The SPEAKER then, in the usual manner, pot the
.question that the messengers be called in, when two Mas..
ters in Chancery entered, accompanied by the Sergeant at
Arms, and delivered to the Clerk the Bill, which was
given by the Clerk to the Speaker, who announced that their
Lordships hid e asstd a Bill, entitled " An Act for the
', more effectual Suppression of Disturbances and Dangerous
Associations in Ireland."

Lord ALTHORP said it had been represented to him
that before the Bill was read a first time it would be con•
renient to have it printed. With that request Ire found
it his duty to comply ; and he therefore moved that the
Bill he printed, and read a first time on Wednesday next.
Mr. HUME wished to know when the remedial mea-
sores would be brought forward. lie hoped at least the
House would not pass this Bill till they had some positive
assurances that coincident remedial measures would be
brought forward, to keep pace with this coercive Bill.
Lord ALTHORP said the Church Reform Bill should
be introduced by the end of next week, and the Grand
Jury Bill would be brought forward by the middle of the
week—(Hear, hear)—but still he must leave it to the
House to decide on the question suggested by the lion.
Member for Middlesex, whether there were sufficient
grounds for confidence to be placed in the sincerity of Mi-
nisters' expressed intentions in that respect.
Mr. O'CONNELL said the Ministers might have the
power to bring in measures to that House, yet they could
not be so certain that such measures would pass the other
House. Anything of a conciliatory nature towards Ireland,
no doubt, would meet with touch oppositiou elsewhere, but
any thing of a malignant and oppressive kind would no
doubt find a warm reception.—(Cries of " Hear, hear,"
and " Order, order.") With respect to the Grand Jury
Bill, Ire had understood the Noble Lord opposite that he
would bring it in this week.
• Lord ALTHORP observed that he should next week.
Mr. O'CONNELL had cert lin!), understood him to say
;this week, but, from what the Noble Lord now says, he
,supposed he must be mistaken. He could not allow this
despotic Bill to enter that House without stating that on
Wednesday he would move a call of the House, and
that lie would repeat that call from day to day while
that Bill was under discussion. How could lie apologize
to his constituents for allowing this Bill to he even men-
tioned without opposing it? There was a time when the
madness of slavery was cheered in that House—he felt
the madness of slavery corning upon him, and therefore be
could say no more at present.
Mr. STANLEY would say a few words upon the sup-
posed connection of the two measures introduced by his
Majosty's Ministers. If there had been a little more
et/Adel-ice in his Majesty's Ministers, instead of exciting
violent passions in opposition to the Government, and in
raising a feeling that it was not their intention to do what
they had always professed, he would venture to eay
that they would have fund his Majesty's Ministers had
always acted upon the principle, and would have been ready
still to act upon it, or giving their attention to real griev-
ances. So anxious had his Majesty's Ministers been to
prove both to the House and die country, that they were
net i•utting forth mere professions, that they had
taken the earliest possible moment at the opening
of the session to bring forward measures which had
been acknowledged by the Hon and Learned Member
himself to be of the most satisfactory nature but
which satisfaction he now attempted to qualify. At the
same dine they h id come forward with a measure, which
he regretted exceedingly necessity compelled them to
retort to, but which was essentially ric cessary, not for the
support of the present Gitveram,nt only, but for the
nialotenanc,! of any Administration. He declared
:solemnly before his God, that lie would not have asked
the sanction of that }Luse, sating on those benches,
to a mearsore which he would not have voted for,
sitting on the opposite ones.—( Loud cheering.) They
were not asking for a separate consideration for the pur-
pcoe of eluding or defecting remedial measures ; but he
would ask were the questions so involved that they should
proceed pure passu, or go on side by side together ? The
Government was as lolly pledged to remedial as to other
measures--they were bound, as a Government, to a certain

line of policy which they had explained ; and if they were
unable to enforce that policy, they were unworthy the con-
fidence of the country, and would be disgraced by retain-
ing their situations.—(Cheers.) He therefore said the
Government were pledged to all measures, and were en.
titled to look for confidence with regard to them ; they
had announced them, and if they could not carry them,
they were not fit to be the Government of the =lofty.—
(Loud cheering.)
Dr. BALDWIN said Ministers would surely not dare
to attempt to deprive Ireland of her rights and liberties.
If they passed this Bill it would do more to dissolve the
ties between the two countries than all the effort, of re-
peelers or agitators. Ireland moat he governed for its
own interest, or there would be raised a spirit of resistance
in Ireland that could not be put down. He was the
representative of a large constituency of spirited people,
who would meet those measures of severity with increased
resistance from year to year.
Mr. HOWARD observed that it was said the Govern-
ment hail declared that they should not call themselves a
Government if they could not carry both measures of
remedy. The Government were now passing through
Parliament remedial measures, and if gentlemen would
argue, let them argue from the real premises.
Mr. SHEIL said that the Right Hon. Gentleman bad
laid down the proposition which could not be disputed,
that no Government could call itself a Government with-
out being able to carry the remedial as well as the coercive
measures. He thought that they ought to be certain that
the remedial measures introduced into that House would
be carried elsewhere. He agreed with the proposition of
the Right Hon. Gentleman; and if that were so, he should
like to know what had become of that portion of the re-
medial measures for Ireland to which the Government
were pledged, that it should be passed through that House?
He meant the law by which the system of calling Juries in
England and Ireland should be the same,. The intention
to pass that measure had been announced here by the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, who, when interrogated on
the subject, said that the Government were pledged upon
it. Where was that Bill ? Had that pledge been ful-
filled ? Was it a remedial measure ? If so, was that
measure now carried into effect? If it was not carried
into effect, why bad it been relinquished? What had
become of the Committee ? Had the Government in this
respect fulfilled their pledge, or acted in a manner to cor-
respond with the general principle laid down so eloquently
by the Right Hon. Gentleman, and which no one had
attempted, and no one would attempt, to controvert ? He
ter one admitted that principle, and he asked where was
the remedy ?

Lord ALTFIORP-7,1 need hardly say that I admit hav-
ing given the pledge referred to: nor take credit for
making the admission, for many of the gentlemen now
around me must, of course, perfectly recollect that
I did give it. I hope the House will believe me
when I say, th .t I gave it with the most perfect sincerity
—(Loud cheers)—and I will add, that I gave it with
the most perfect confidence that it would be redeemed.
—(Hear.) The Bill that the Hon. and Learned Member
refers to was not carried through the other House of Par•
liament, because it was so late in the s 'ssion that it could
not be passed before the Prorogation. I had expected
that it would have been got through before the end of the
•ession. I am ready to say now that my pledge was not
redeemed, and further, that I am hound to see it re-
deemed—(Cheers)—hy bringing forue.rd at an early:
period a measure respecting Juries.—(Hear, hear.) Ido
not consider from the circumstances under which that
pledge had failed that I was so compromised as to make it
impossible for me to remain a Member of the Govern-
ment.—(Hear, hear.) On that point I may he wrong,
but I do not think I am; and I trust that the House will
;kink me riel.t.—(Hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL, in explanation, said it wag errone-
ously supposed that he had said his opposition to the pre-
sent Bill would depend in a great measure on the success
of what he called remedial measures. Although he had
spoken on both of these measures, be bad been mistaken
when it was supposed that his hostility to this me .sure
would on any pretence whatever be mitigated.—(Hear,
hear.) He thought it necessary to make that explana-
tion, eecause he found that he could not act on the im-
pulse of his feelings, and praise, when be saw them acting
rigi.t, those whom he thought to be the enemies, without
having th .t praise thrown in his teeth, and being taunted
with inconsistency for it.—( Hear.)
Mr. STANLEY had only said that he understood the
Hon. and Learned 51embet's chief reason for opposing this
measure at this time to tie, that he saw no cert .inty that
the other measures—those of a remedial nature—would
pass with it.

Mr. O'CONNELL said that was just the mistake of
which be complained. He hdd certainly said that be stw
nothine to assure him that the rat,asures of a remedial
nature would pass; rut be had said it without any refe-
rence whatever to the present Bill.
Mr. FINN was satisfied of this, that no measure of a
remedial nature would be received with gratitude in Ire-
land. if it was passed in cottjunction with a measure of
this kind. The people of Ireland prized liberty too highly
to accept anything as a substitute for it.—(Hear, hear.)
Their condition might be improved; but if they were fed
upon beef and mutton, but deprived of liberty, they would
not be satisfied.

Mr. F. O'CONNOR said, that notwithstanding the
indiscretion of the Right Hon. Gentleman, the Irish
Members would abstain from comment—(A laugh)—but
he would tell that Right Hon. Gentleman that with re-
spect to Ireland, the memorable words of the Paymaster
of the rprces were exactly true, and that " the whisper
of a faction would never prevail against the voice of the
nation."
The Bill was then ordered to be read a first time on
Wednesday next. _ _
