To THE EDITOIt OF THE SUN.

Sin—The determination to recognise the Inde-
pendence of Spanish America by Great Britain
is the result of a .conviction, on the part of the
Ministry, that these States are capable of main-
taining their pretensions, and this act is to be
taken as the redemption of the pledge to that ef-
fect given by the Ministry in the last Session of
Parliament. It is not perhaps essential to in•
quire how far the British Government has been
justified by the evidence they have received in.
the adoption of the affirmative of the proposi-:
lion, nor is the permanence of the political itt•
stitutions of those countries in any particular
form of much importance, when cons'ideredvvith,
referenc .e to the latent policy which unquestion-,
ably governed the British Cabinet in the recog-
nition.

It was specially declared by Mr. CANNING in
the last Session of Parliament, that the question

of recognition should be considered with regard

to British interests alone, and the influence of
this motive was undoubtedly the cause of the
adoption of this important decision, but it would
be injustice to the enlightened councils which
gave it birth, to circumscribe its views and to
narron its uctipn to the influence of the trading
interest of the empire,—that interest is really in-
debted to the mistaken policy of France for this
act of protection to British commerce.

When the French troops took possession of
Cadiz, the fate of the Spanish Americas was
decided by Great Britain ; and although the Mi-
nistry forbore, from an appearance of delicacy
towards Spain, and a pretended respect to the
prejudices of the other Continental Pokt ers ad.
verse to the measure, to act upon the immediate

impttise•of.- that circum,tance, yet, nevertheiess,
the recognition was determined upon, on th
taking of the Trocadero

This policy was in fact, and in trnth, a mPa.

I- sure of counteraction rendered essentially neces.
sary by the conduct of France, who insidiou,ly,
under the .pretence,of. initting down Eevolutionary
feelings in Spain, sought to renew the policy of
Louis the 14th in the pacte de ; hut Great
Britain, by the recognition of Spanish American
Indepenth•nce, defeated the covert intention,
and threw Spain, despoiled of all that could ren-
der her acqUistion valuable, as a dead weight
upon the shoulders of her conquerors, instead of
permitting her to pass as an important auxiliary
in power and resources, which she certainly
would have been, had she retained. the prospeit,
however remote, of reconquering her revolted
Colonies. So fur, therefore,Great Britain had no
alternative upon this momentous question ; she
was driven upon this dilemma to avoid a more
immediate evil, though perhaps a more generous
policy, that of defending Spain against her in--
vaders. One effect of this decision is inevitable,
and will undoubtedly prove highly beneficial,
whatever may be the result of it, with reference
to the disposition of the Continental Sovereigns,
that hereafter Great Britain will be placed upon
the political chart of Europe, as insulated in feel-
ing as she is in natural position.

This master stroke of policy towards the Spa-
nish Americas, by which Great Britain has
thrown down the gauntlet as the defender of
those Infant Republics, and separated herself
thus boldly from the influence of the Continetrt,
will inevitably produce a degree of hostility more
or less ardent, in the European POwers towards
her. Whether those Powers are sufficiently
united in purpose, or prepared to make the fear-
ful experiment of openly entering the lists upon
this question, time alone must demonstrate ; but
judging front the infatuation of their
previous,
councils, the expectation of such a result is far
from unwarrantable. Russia, Austria, and Pros.
sia, it is said, are pledged, by a secret treaty with
Spain, to resist the recognition of Spanish Ame-
rican Independence, while France, entantelod
the ine.slies of that net which Russia had spread
for tier, antiparalyzed in a great oleasure by the
invasion of Spain, has scarcely the Power
of
op.
posing the will of her Allies. The t Titra and
Royalist factions of that country have acqu'ireil-
new hatted to Great Britain,from the defeat
of
their policy in the invasion of Spain, and from the
recognition of Spanish America, an act by
which
she has virtually, they contend, legitimatized, the
principles of Revolution. '['he Republicans of
France, on the other hand, smile in the expectation.

. -
thafthis.neW feature of British policy Miy lead to
events favourable to the return of their syiteni ;
they have not forgotten their frtistrated hope
when Great Britain imposed upon them the Ivinl
necessity of taking hack the Bourbons, with tioit-
obuoitiotis train of emigrants and priests. The
commercial and manufacturing population are in.
terested in, awl affected by, the act which
will probabiy.throw them out of competition in
the 'Spanish American Markets. These various
motives operating upon the several factiints which
divide France, in spite of • the essential .'discord..
ance of the elemeots -that compose ithem, have
united _them in one coalman deSire toi weaken
the powerof Great Britain, and to destroy her
commercial monopoly and the lolluence of;ltussl3,
called into action to divert the attention of E:4
roPe from her ulterior policy respecting Turkey,
fanning the embers of the incipient Aurae, may,
it is more than probable, produce a general war
popular in France, though owing its popularity
to the existence of very opposite motive's.

Thus critically placed, with respect• to her
foreign relations, by the known disposition of the
Continental Sovereigns towards tier, Groat Bri-

lain must be prepared -either•to encounter open
warfareorsetret intrigue,in the defence a.the prin-
ciples of her adoption with respect to the question
of Spanish America. France, who under other cir-
cumstances might have allied with• G-neat Britain
in this act of policy, deeply interesting to her
people, has no power to remain in et state of neu-
traiity. She must submit to- the guidanco of her
Allies, however hostile to her peculiar-interests
are the measures of their adoption, or attempt, by
C nrn.e ta
bdyicit'tcrt4t,:,
Gl.rueta
tini3
rt kitiaadoµtiou of
an energetic effort, to disenfranchise herself from
this policy
inn will prove
111. re-action of those false views, and the errors
of those premises upon which she permitted the
dismemberment of- France. So deeply did the
Ministry of France feel the thraldom' Of their
position, that M. de,Villele, in reply to :General
Foy, at the opening of the Spanish mints, made
the mortifying 'acknowledgement that there re-
mained but a choice of evils fur their acceptance.
" Vous teen tunic; pus ruins lu guerre, car it
" faudrait se venter sur one mitre frontier° pour
" dijendre in revolution d'Espagne.” France is,
therefore, but a secondary power, incapable of
air individual policy, and the Minister who would
redeem her from this mortifying condition, and
replace her in her natural position, roust-violently
throw off the political incutii which oppress his
nation. To do this he must burst the barrier of
the Netherlands, and re-establish the frontiers of
France. upon the Rhine, while he pours n 4 un-
questionable force across the Pyrenees, to repress
the internal factions of Spain, and resist foreign
interference.. This bold and energetic conduct
must be preceded by the relinquishMent.of the
ill-timed law of indemnity, and the abandonment
of the Church to its own protection. Who earl
say that this will not be the conduct of France?--
that fatigued and disgusted by the insatiable cu-
pidity of the emigrants and the besotted conduct
of the priesthood, a new state of things may not
arise, when a Minister, supporting_ himself by the
popular sentiment, may firmly dictate this .policy
to his government, us the only one to save the
honour and existence of his Country ? If such is
not the conduct of France, if she is still doomed
by the infatuation of her Councils to practise
passive obedience, her enemies may for a time re-
joice in her subjection, but eventually she will
emerge from her thraldom, and pay back the debt
of vengeance. Will she, in the mean tittle, forger.
the hatred with which Great Britain has inspired
her ? Will she not be ready,directly ot indirectly,
to fan into tlame the elements of discord in Ire-
land Such a return for the disgrace with which
she has covered her, Great Britain, has 'a right Co
expect, and must be prepared to resist.. R.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

H&C.

S fi —I hate every respect for the female sex
and nothing should ever compel me to say a harsh
word to one of them, unless where the interests
of the sex require it. Now I conceiVe;their r.--
tipectability to be materially affected,- if .a letter
with the above signature in your raper were to
pass unnoticed. The style and gra,rnmar of that
production bear a remarkable resemblance to
those of a genuine letter- from Mrs. 'I4OCIiFORT
published Some time since in your Paper, With. a
view to frustrate estOrtion; but .whether the
writer be the same or not, thus much is certain,
that she is not a fit Correspondent.for your chaste
columns, being, evidently, as her j-estg about lie
and Hoc sufficiently prove, to sad nothing- about
her Writing in a coffee-house in Fleet-street, one
of those ladies, who, if they know Ad 'more of
Latin, are at least well acquainted with'Propria
gone maribus. And. I think it, due to.ibe.tespec-
Lability of your Paper, that. Ka Lady 'of this de-
scription should, by some sleight,- insinuate a
letter into its columns, the same shorrid.• be in-
stantly- reprobated. None v4Tiog uritteqaken
the task. before, ~I had.. ra4lt it should devolve
on me than not ..be execo:tecl7
A ego L. Lo- has a worthy. -,reSY;eigfttative---Tetintps
She is his daughter,ctitcg. I am sorry to see
her blotting her father's-rays.

VINDEX.

GRAND WHIG DINNER. AT GLASGOW
TO SIR JAMES MACKINTOSH.

On, Monday the Grand Dinner of the Whigs of Glasgow to
Sit J. lIAceIdiTOSH, tO.celebrate his public principles at the
'moment of his preience in that city, to retire from the office of
Lord Rector of the University, after giving his casting vote to
Mr. Brougham, who succeeds him to that office; but it was
matter of the greatest disappointrhent that Sir James, while at
• the University, at three o'clock, on Monday, was seized with a
,spaartiodie affection,. and could only make his appearance for a
few minutes in the course of the evening at the dinner table.
The Chairman, at the dinner was JOHN Maxwnee, Esq.
M. P. for Renfrewshire. The Croupier, Robert Wallace, Esq.
of Keiley ; and the Hon. Charles E. Fleming, of Biggar and
Ohtenbernatthie The stewards were • .• '1
The Right Hon. Lord Glencireity,,)l.P„;.Sir J. Maxwell, of
Bart.; Archibald Spiers, Esq. of Elderslie ; Robert
stsaham,• Esq. of Whitehill; Jansen Dennistoun, Esq. of
• Professor Milne, Professor James Millar; Dr.
Riet and Millar, of li'ellhoose-; John Horeocisa, Esq. of Tili-
nevin , W. C. Graham, ,Esq. of Gartunore ; James . Oswald,
Doe of Shieldhall; .R.obert On, Esq. of Ralston ; James
ordoch, Eaq„ ; Robert Thompson, lc:sco of Camphill; .Ar-
chiteld Lamont, Esq. of Robroystene; William Kippen, Esq.
.- of Buebie; William Stirling, Esq.; Spiers, Esq. jun.
' of - Qtilereuch - John Douglas, Esq. of Barloch ; Robert
Seowert, Esq. of btewarthall ; William LkOron, Esq. of Govan-
bill;, Charles, Tennant, Esq. of St. Rollocks; David TodoEsq.
Feringhark; Peter
.1-Jutcheson, Esq. ; Alexander Denois-
' truth,, Esq jun. of Golfhill. ; Alexander M‘Gtigor, Esq. ; James
Shoolop, Esq. ; William Watson, Esq. • ' William B. Cableell,
Esq.; William Mills, Esq. ; WilliaraWilsonefseq.; . Alex-
amder Campbell; Esq. ; Hugh Tennent, Esq. ; John Kinghan,
Esq. ; aed Thomas Muir, Esq. of Munpark.
A splendid dinner was served up at the Antenahlti Rooms by
the proprietor et the Black 801 l Tavern, and 420 oconpied the
tables that were laid out.
The Crierttmeer, when the-feast was over, addressed the
Meoting to propose the list of toasts. He begun with the King's
health, which must be always among genuine W'higea standing
toatie They had received frern his present.Majesty.an hotiour
not Often paid to. the people of Scotland—a pelsotial.visit. The
&int had done the same in Ireland, and the greatest good bad,
they all knew, followed. It was seid his .31ajesty would revisit
/relaM.,. Hie toast •then was; " the Kingn moil find 'Jean:iced
people and reciprocal laws in Ireland, wnenhe next vieite -her
shores." -.Three times three. s •
Tone—` God save the King.! . . .
The Cue'sunai :" I next give you " the healthy of the Duke
of Sasser, and the rest . of the Fmnily antloeniy they
nevi 'r forget the princples which placed the. .Horse :Of Bruns-
sOck on the Throne; of .Great Bettain.,ersouol applause.)"—
' We all knOW hoe, well the Duke of Sussex remember* tboote
principles, arol reflects a redeeming light upon the Royal stock.
—( Rounds of applause.)
--The CIL/118MAX : I povrgive The-health* of the Duke
of York and the Army, the Duke ef.CiareoceSandthe Niery"
*given separately), and T come to our ireat constitutional toeete
—" The Cause of Liberty, all over the.,Globee7o—(Applause.).So
He followed with, " The Rights of the Peeples"...and then pros
eeeded as hereafter—Mr. Croupier aztelpntlemalls I TlTA''',ll4
to propose a toast which is the nueliiis of our Whig System at.
convivial Meetings.-lOrnean " The irttroortal memory of
Charles James Fox.—(Three rounds "ef:.epplauee)." —lt was. a
maxim that of the dead we ought to.key ndfliiag out good—de
ntortuir nil niii bosuns—tut of outspacriot Fox it was their pride
to knownhafnothing but the good "could ba 'saiti.—(Applituse.)
Mr. Fox hatl lived, and maintaioed against the encroachments
of power thegreat principles of public right. We live in happier
times, and prat by his great asidgiorione efforts. Alen were,
when lox lived, persecuted and ptescribled for loving' freedom.
.Now. the same principles it was die- fashion for those, who - in
their. hearts did not cherish, almost to tiffect.--(Loud laughter.)
—We see no where but the advocacy of free principles. Let
uo, however, never forget that it was to such men as Mr. Fox
we owe the success which marks our own time*: and let us ever
heil hint with eternal gratitude.' I airs too feeble an advocate
is s bs the eulogist of such. patriot; do. you supply my deficiency,
—(Great applause.)
'rite Cnoiraxiit now begged attention tet Professor Mylne.
-Professor alYt.Ns. said., he .would tinsels have wished that
the toast which hrid,fellen to him to propose, had been ine•asted
- to one Mote ableithetniflusticee The toast; however, was smote
dated with a sentiment they had jest heard with great delight.
When he reflected-therefore on Ilia-Amp expreesion of attach-
-silent to:the eighti:and libeideedf. the patella.. wldeh he had just
witnessed, he was assured that they would never relax in their
oreleavoure Li, elterlsh anelet nta domes peiticiplee from which
"--ateenessetinoipootte„, were indeed eitsentiatoe the
sodomy arid permanent SO inty"eif, tlsooesrielits And,priVileges.
'fbcy had just done Lerneg:e to then' ineety of that resist dis-
t4ng,ltiiheti and venerated Stetewatan;Mr. Fox, than whom a
'More zealous, steady, and eonSistent friend and' advoc.ate of the.
people, the annals, of no etiuntryonat.bgeit,—(anplaiise)-:-One.
who from the earliest stage of itia public Blots its closing °t-
reer was animated with the warmest regard for the welfare tind
Inie liberty of the people—not with diet spurious zeal WhiCh'
--owes its ex4tenee to temporary excitement of adventitious cir-
e or,ltancee. In taking a coinpreltetiOive glance of popular
Niglftf „, .in were they to look for assurance of their pre=
servation, btu to the Meuse Coreinona ? Was it not to the
• wets:it-fulness anti patriotism of the Representatives of the
• igcssepla?, tlVitlosat these moral safeguards where. was their
isecterity ?-e-(gear, heaolteolt ..was just in so fa o as they felt it
tn'he;the otgan liaf
.feeline, the protector of their pub-
, .."lieiightes and the shieldor ,I'ubiic liberty,
.that the people
---Osaltiftsok ap to. -1:e Hatieeof.Commons with confidence as the
46Ashtion, of their and their Children's rights.„--(Applauoe.)—
ltSt House Sweoui no. Talus finless it exercised a faithful
issetel; over their eriv)legette and weo ever reedy to redress
their stoo`nes.es(`Applauti-e.)-eelt was to raise it to this proud:
toleration, that the Foxes and the Patriote of all ages had
neler ceased to eontend ; and that the attainment of this great
end importent object would ultimately be accomplished lie
could not ouffie himself to entertain tedoubt. He grounded
this expectation en the increasing progress of knowledge and
siviitzenon, and the growing diffusion of enlightened views;
'.end he sitto with delight, in the itigitiv respectable and nutne.
fees itesenitA around hie, an embodied expression of these
fltiopationste Ile looked upon it as a token fur good. or
a glance et the operation of public opinion, riot
only• `
as eafeldthg itself aver rite Continent of Europe.. but as
Ihin3esgionng to germinate and spring-.Op in different parts of
the entire. world, Without feeling the Most unfeigned and 'cor_
diAl satisfactinre, .Where misrule, oppression, and ignorance
tnhi foe a sertes Of egen prevailed, slid they not, now begin . tO
• tteiteivS• some nAtures of 'Mitigation, whie.ll were all to be
e.-sleln traced to the salutary influence of superior knowledge ?
dies ennt,i4.Bl,nesregittds, across the Atlantic, and. did they
net lise teftliit count:try:el:ere a system of freedont woe now
'antVelellilisbeti on a tetsie which was, or at least
,;itinfit to ise,,,,the.dieirse of, unbent-urea attioiratioa and satisfac-
Jit -Dill tio4,Ce hi that country, that it was the boast of
sulet'es that: they were is Servants of this people? Did they
net. perceive sins; contiguous eitetee the tebsesplendid.and grati-
ikeir.fitetts•ikrthe opera:deo sstptiblic opinion, when guided hi.
eed-pextice? They 'there I.‘.*eld. infant States, arioing.
)ii fitieneoi and beauty, which; he *tritated, .were. destined, ere
rang, to assume an attitude bi moral Strength anddignity, be-'
rid any thieg which. even thee at present could well imagine. '
▪ hearse Statesse even in their present circumstances, were able
)•eepelthe.efocta:of their aggreesers,- and to- look down with
seam on thole miserable despot:4 'who had so lor.g kept
fi,em 4.. thrahlono--s(Applattse.)—But, without going abroad.
for a prieticelilltisttatthit of the- god restating from' a liberal
awl enlightened: policy, they bad only to look at home and
mark the prosperous reselts'Vrhich had 'flowed front an aban.:t
primeet of obsolete and antiquated Maxims, and from ad-.
,Oence to the SeggeSticrei of' seer'," reason and justice. The
Oitteent.Miniitersliadein fact, beeiteiftt 'popular by a departure
from that hie .of policy which, had for a long period been eu
rdinoh,sly acted upon by their immediate predecessors, and
4104'er their; prinelpleo; itnperfectlyecontitittited as was the
representation of the House ofeorntnoni, the itrongexpression
oftliapublie voice liadnoW in a meiente pierced it—(applause),
neV, had compelled. the Government to adopt a system of policy
allogehher dissimilit to that:which they' had been so long per-
sisted lft, nootridwaildinit the-multiplied proofS of its withering
and fatal tendency. They had now made the discovery, how-
ever, that the commercial policy which they had been pursuing
for relong eeriest of ears,-wasY pregnant with error, And founded
• ignar3uce ; and tad now begun to perceive, that reciprocal
Eberelitys and unfettered interchange were maxims of the
hieheot value as applied to-the business and interests of corn-
irierce; and .• neither -injured: nor compromised the interests of
different nations, but, on the contrary, aided anti guaranteed
tit sir mutual stelsility .and.
.Freatness.—(Applause.)—Many
errors on the. stibjectel6d beer even already dinie away ; the
Navigation Laws, hitherto •so erroneously supposed to he be-
no4c.ial to the.ntwritime interests of Great .grititin, were now
,Brest virtually abrogated, at the suggestion of Government
itself.--s(ApPlause.)-e•E'ven at this Moment' e measure was
now in contemplations which vas :a .triumpit over preatio
dices of the most inveterate eaters, and, of long. standing..—
hti elluded to the Bill' for Catholic Ernincifiatione-thnid ap-
pledite.)-IThese were 'the actt Which *era 'derived 'from wise
anttnpright-principlein•. Although ~the concession •o 1 tins -great
national questom had been, in a manner, wrung. from the pref.-
sent Cabinet (and truth compelled hitt to add that such was the
case),' and that it was evidently in deference to the strong ex-
preeeion ,ofopopolar opleion eq the: subject,.he yet -did •not
mean to undervalue the merit eif thaetresent Ministers in acqui-
eoeing in that opinion—tcheering.)--This Conciliation on the
partoof Miniistem he only lookbd upon Si the precursor of ether
ochanges in the same spirit, the operation of which he was core

lath all around him would conerar with him in regarding as fur-
ther augmentation to the national prosperity and greatness, while
at the same time they would prospectively contribute to the
amelioration and advantage,of other statei—(applause.)—lt was
on these grounds, and impressed with these feelings, that he
hailed the present 'period as the cienmencentent: of a new era
in the annals of our. country ; and would now propose- a toast
which he hoped would embrace all parties, while, at the same
time, it should,not he altogether unfitting for the time, ot too
inappropriate the distinctive character of the present meeting.
He, therefore, proposed, A .cordial union and co-opera.
tion of all the friends of freedom.: for a speedy and substantial
reform in the represenTatinn 'of-the peOpre propoliag'
this sentiment, he left the filling up of its details to the discre-
tion and wisdom of all men of liberal and upright minds—
(applause.)
Theapplause with which this toast was received had. hardly
subsided,.when it was- renewed and increased, by theannounce--
, meat of Sir James Mackintosh, who came into the room aCcom-
panietny Dr. 'Miller and some -other attached 'friends. Sir
James, on taking his seat on the right hand of the Chair, be-
trayed evident symptoms of indisposition. He shortly after-
wards became tonal 'effected by the heat or the 'roost, and
could with support himself. While thus labouring
under indisposition, he neverthelesxmede an emphatic effort to
acknowledge the compltment of the assembly, .-which excited
much sympathy. .
As soon as the applause had ceased; .
Lord GLXXORCH.Y.begged the attention of the company to
the toast which had been put into his hands. It *as Pleasant
for him to reflect, however, that it conveyeti,a..seritioient 17146,
apart from the aid of so feeble-an advocate as he was, could
speak for itself.- lie alluded,to. the greathulsiark of_ pepular
rights, the "Trial by Juri," 'a
branch of our .jurisprudenCe
which was associated, in a peculiar manner,' with the name of
ode of their own countrymen.—(Applause.)--Iteferring to what
hadlailen from -the Learned Professor, in Lation to the adop-
tioa of a more.enlighteeed and conciliatory policy on the part
'of Ministers, which had been, in a great degree, forced upon
;hem; the toast he had to propose, analagous. way re-
minded him of the it uitless attempt& of dr. Kennedy to in-
troduce into Scotland the Trial by .the utility. of
though advocated by the ablest and wisest men of
,the Senate,
was then rejected by Ministers; one of whom (Lord Melville)
not distinguished for his-attachment to popular rights, now
carne;fortard himself to propose a similar measure. Were
hii Majerity's presetrollaisters then to appropriate the merit
of same of their late measures ? Were they to step in anti reap
the harvest which others had sown? They would-not be denied
the praise of good actions, but they ought,..insandour and fair-
ness, at least to ascribe to those, who had 'soggeated another
system than that which had been. attended with such. pernicious
consequences, some portion at least of the approbation which
was now so liberally conceded to them.—(Applause.),This, to
be would be called by Mr. Canning, the thunder of their
claims. —(Laughter and applause.)—lint in appreciating the
point of Mr. Canning's joke, let them not forget the real thun-
der of senatorial eloquence with which the principles of those
around hini had been illustrated and enforced by a States Man
now-present (Sir James -Mackintosh) whose efforts, coupled
with the ardent and persevering co-operation of others, had
ultimately led to the recognition. of the great printiple of Trial
by Jury, which he now had the honour to propose. The toast
was drank with three times three. '

The CitainvtAm- said, in a free country, there were certain
duties which were, in a paramount` manner, incumbent on the
differeat classes of the community. All were bound to plea-
mote the security of those principles- arslrelatiOns which forms
the mutual bond of society, as it was constituted on the 'basis
of public liberty. If there was one branch of those duties,
however, which more than another ougfit 'to ha prominently
brought forward, it was undoubtedly the honest ackfowledg-
ment by the people of the services of their real anti tried re-
presentatives. -The man whose services had recommended him
to the approbation of his constituents, should ever be an object
of their deep esteem, and this Was one of those occasions on
which they had an opportunity of expressing their sentiments
to a public benefactor; they w,ers not called on to- imitate 'the
man in ancient history, who wished the defence of walls to be
withdrawn from his city; but like bins they ought to endea-
vour to build up the moral defence, which was the motiteretproe
prime safeguard and guarantee of's natiOn'e stability and ho-
nour.—(Apalause.)—He could conceive cif no .better shield to
protect a nation than what was afforded by the talents sad ser-
vices of men of pure patriotism and Benevolent views. In
mingling with and presiding over the affair* of a nation,- maey
.men have at different times appeared varietesly giftede-esome
had brought to the task ability aloue-eoth'eat probity without
much talent—others firmness and perseverance. 'lt was their
happiness on this occasion to see before them a Statesman who
combined in himself, in a very high degriteot claine to all thope
;qualities which were so rare in. their occurrence, and ' which,
-when-so found, were fairly entitled teethe highest eulogy. His
services. and talents he had uniformlyeemt in the different stages
of an active life, devoted on the Altar tar Public Liberty._
(Loud- applaeaet.),--Scodand was proutl in numbering such a'
man among her sons. flit talents, however, were indiecri-
minately exerted on behalf or all parts or the kingdom where
amelioration was required. He was the Champion not only,
of his own country, but of the great ramify • of Maiikind.—
(A pplause.)—.M Scotsmen,.as Englishmen, at men, and- even'
as Philosopher:, they were. bound to express their regard.
for such &edam • A new spirit was beginning to operate hi the
University a this great and flourishing town, which was foe
reign to what had been heretofore witnessed, that spirit, as one
of its fruits, bed brought them, he might say, into a personal
connexion with a man whom they had so long; st a distance ad-
mired—{Cheers.)—lt gave him the highest- delight to witness:l
the warm reception they had given to so distinguished a charac-
ter
as their great Sir James Mackintosh—(greatspplause)—a
man who had first devoted his talents to protect from aspersion
and calumny the cause of freedom in another country (alluding
to Sir James's work on the Principles of the French Ilevolu,
tion). His early career was thus. distinguished by s'prodection
which, for the ability it displayed, had elicited the yeryhigheet
encomiums. He did not forget that the
.Revolution ih question
had been diAgated by many crimes and excesses • but while
they deplored this part of the picture, they trust bear: in mind
thats moral purification had, in a great-degree, beat ulti-
mately wrought out of its elements. After a long absence from
political. hates Sir -James Mackintosh again appeared- among
them, he believed, in the year 1814, as a Member of the
House of Commons, and immediately ranged himself under •
the banners of that class who were distinguished as the friends
of civil and religious liberty. Whatever public questions
. were agitated,' Sir James was ever found at his post, firmly
advocating the . principles of freedom. His great and perse-
. vering endeavours to reform the Criminal Code of .his country
had, however, placed him in the most conspicuous Point of
view as a Statesman and a patriot—(applause.)—He had
-suc-
ceeded in impressing his views even on 'Mr. Peel; and 'ln
securing an alteration in laws whose antiquity had arrayed
in their defence a host of champions.' At A period, ard in a
country where tyranny had succeeded in gaining a footing, and
led superstition in her train, where good men were-proscribed
and banished, they found Sir James Mackintosh zeilnusly co-
operating with his countrymen in mitigating their calamities,
land providing them with an asylunt--(Cheers.)--While their
honoured guest was. the warm and consistent Ideocateof the
principles of his party, lie was at the same time conciliating to his
opponents. - - When he attacked the prejudices'of the Sovereign,
he still felt deference. for the man—when he objected to the
cant and corruption of the Church, he still admired true piety
—when lie endeavoured to restrain the hand of power, and.
yielded to the puttingdown of rails projecis, he always called
on the executive to remove the cause of popular discontent,
when they punished its excesses. He, in fine,. begged the
company to belieie that -Sir James Mackintosh was so etiteeme
ed by his'opponents in the House of Cominons, that he always
received feelet them the most patient and respectful attention.
lie concluded:. 14,nereposing " the health of Sir James Mackin-
tosli:" with' an expression of his deep regret that the'contlimance
of his Hit-leashed compelled Sir, James to leave the room.
.[The health was received by the Company standing, with
loud acclamations.] • ..
- J. MACKINTOSH. EMI, (son Of. Sir James), rose to return
thanks in the flank of kHz: father. He Was sure he would gain
their sympathy, where'th'ey coesidereel that what would _have
beer: a prottd day for liim'tva4"a day of misfortune.' His father
had travelled a thousand miles to be present; and when they
were tnet and waiting fur him lie was laying on a :tick bed ; and
it Was with a great effort he.wam- able to reach the room. They
all knew what the publie tife or hie father had been, and it it
had not been hit' lot to attain a`ll those rewards that attend ex-
cellence, yet if he appeared before them as an honest man, he '
Was amply rewarded.—(A pplatise• )---The cause of his present
illness-Yeas a disease which he contracted in India, when he
went to that distatit country in preference to bowing down to
the golden calf at home.—(Applause.)
'The CHAIIL3IAN then said he Would piopose a toast that re-
quired no eulogium. They might get reform in Parliament,
and all the checks on Govtrnmeet the mind of man could in-
vent,
but suffer the Legisheitre to pest a stop to the liberty of
the, press, and they would find little utility in their specious ma-
chinery. He would not say that all that _the ,press advocated
Tees at ail times wise aed good.; bet if they do not w kite with a
feeling to please the good sense of the community, their works
will not be bought or read. And thus it might lie said of the
Press what Burke once said of the Parliament, it ought to be the
express imageofehe feelitigs of the people. So long as the press
can be protected and eteloy freedom, it will expose tyranny and
oppressioneand exhibit the tyrant as on a.gibbet—(Laughter
and epplause)--in such a way as he will not long continue his
wars anti oppressions. A free picas would keep the country
what it has long been—the envy- of surrounding nations and
wonder of the world. He then gave " The Liberty of the
1 •
Preae..o -
Mr; lirn r. r.TA ct , Croupier, rose amid great applause. lie

was about to prop se a toast which he trusted would be drank
with that satisfaction which is-always so liberally felt, when
merit and public virtue is brotight before their notice. Ile
would detain them but very shortly at this time. Their Chair-
man had fortunately been placed in circumstances that ensured
him a liheral-edocation. . Ile had early visited foreign climes;
he had directed his steps en those celebrated kingdoms which
wore once the most free, and were now become the most op-
pressed ; carefully observing the wretchedness of the people,
and coolly forming anopinion, by which he might afterwards
measure his own,putilic conduct. In-the house of Commons
they would all recollect the way in which he had denounced the
fate bf Parga. He never failed 'to associate With' and assist that
patriot, whose iliness.they deplored ; and he has taken a line
of conduct which will ever secure him the approbation of, this
cornninnity and:the 'kingdom at large. 'l,le,then gave," The
Chaitinan, ' which Was dra,qk with the most enthusiastic
applause. _
Mr. MAXWELL returned thanks_ for the very kind way in
which his health had been drank. Re assured them that nei-
•ther a prospect of riches, titles, nor -honours. nor a fear of per-
sonal danger, would cause him to compromise the interests Of
his constituents.—(APplause.)—lle would then propose, " Sue-
cess to the Mechanics' Institutions of Glasgow.' The improve-
ment of the Mechanics would teach every one what are hie
rights and duties in a free, country, and stimulate them to re-
flection. The working classes might be compared to a broad
lake, on which rested the formidable and majestic ship of war
with a.number of smaller commercial vessels sailing around.
Oflthat body on which they all leant—on which they all de-
pended, and from which they all dreW their supply in times of
difficulty or daugt r, they would infallibly raise all that was
alive in wealth, la rank, and nobility.—(Applause.)-41y
tivatihg the minds of the people, they putit out of the power
of. any person' in authority (a Minister or King) to enslave or
betray the country. They were taught to reason, and reflect,
and digest,. and compete, and distinguish . what was really, and.
Practically good from what was idle cant, show, nonsense, and
hypoerisy.—( A pplause.)—Mechanics are,
,by their own instiot
dons, by their own, means, raising themselves in the scale of
moral and intellecttiaLbeings. In walking the country they
will every where bring :to "mind theae,heautiful lines of Gray,
which Johnson said canto hornet() every bosom—
_ _

" Perhaps in this neglicted spot is laid,
Some heart once ilregnalitwith`celestial fire,
Hands that the itaiirempire might have swayid,
Or wak'd to ecstasy the living lyre."
It might nnw be said that ,the blessings of education and lite-
rary enjoyments now no longer belonged to the favoured few—
they had become the property of the million.—(Applause.)—
He then gave " Success to the Glitsvow Mechanics' Institu-
tions,' which was drank with ull the honours.
The Cniiitstax called for a particular bumper:
Sir Joilm 31.txwEi.r. rose, and was received with long con-
tinued cheers. Ile said what he had to say in
.return for the
very kind way in Which he had been received, he was afraid
would give them neither instruction nor amusement—(loud
cheers.)—lt had been left to him for to propose a toast, which
he hoped would be received in a way that was due to the:great
merits of the gallant sailorihe was about to name—(applause.)
—He would merely mention that the Gillan't Admiral did his
duty in the best style in his professional way, and when the
termination of the war had rendered his services no longer
necessary on the ocean, he had spettV,mtich of his time in pro-
moting their civil and religious liberties. He had also made
every exertion to send independent men to what he was.sorry to
say was not an independent House of Commons—(laughter and
applause.)
He then gave "'The health .of the 'Hon. Admiral Fleming,
and the Independent Freeholders in the different Ctanties with
which he Was connected."

Admiral Ft.zatteto rose, and was received with vehement
cheers.- He returned his warmest thanks for the very kind way
in which his healthhad been drank. It was true the indepen-
dent freeholders in Scotland were a amell band, but gradually
and rapidly on the increase, and he hoped they would soon have
a pretty large .ahare of the Joint Stock, Company votes._
( Laughter and applause.)—When they made use of their public
voice in demanding their rights, he would cheerfully and gladly
resign all his share. Ile was sure, from the growing informs-
r.tion and.energy of the people, that the country would not long
submitia the present defective and degraded state of the repre-
sentation.:.lle would propose the health of one of the most
extraordinary men of modern times, Bolivar, the intrepid
libe-
rsKot of South America. It -is not hie military talents alone
that.will render his memory immortal—he is 'floret() be respect-
ed at he has chosen Washington for hie- model ; lie has die-
theainael of a Crown, and modestly thought the title of
Liberator, spontaneously' bestowed. more honourable than that
of King or Emperor. Vt'ltile almost ell.the South American:
Chiefs had changed parties, he never changed, but firmly ad-
hered to one side, and one principle, and still remained the he-
reditary patriot and defender of his- countrv.—(Applause.)—
flis father was killed by an arbitrary and disgraceful act of
local tyranny-, and, that had given polivar the advantage of an
European education, and this had been the means of making
the New WorLI great and free. He-mey. yet do good in. Old
Spain., thr there lie Insa -many Menthe Ile was -the first that
Megnenimity..ttiot the example orfmiog his slaves.
Mnit..part of his property was vested in this way, and it was
thought he would. iii:titinetl, but it soon turned out otherwise,
anti *hat wss at fit*) dreaded would boa:genet loes,- was a bene-
fit : for though lie said them
.their wages as free men, they soon
Paid hiM ten-fold.—(Great applause.)—The Gallant Admiral
was in Madrid at the time this happened, and from that tune
the
.Spariiatel. gave up all hope of subjugating South America.
.lle then gave " The health of Bolivar, and the Independence,
a &null America," which was drank with great applause.
The CHAMMAS sail he rose to propose thelieelth of a
young-No-Wein:U-14 who, as soon as he had heard there was to
be a Meeting in the City where he had received his education,
of the friends of civil and religious liberty, had hastened from a
-distant part of the country to attend it. -- ale lied not long been
a Member Of thee other. Ilpuse, which, "though not so hide-
pendent aii-eley could wish; but perhaps he ought to say little
about it—(4t laugh)—yet he had shOwn himself an independent
Peer of it. Ile belonged to a noble house, in which he might
say the love of, liberty had been hereditary.- Ile gave " Lord
Glenorchy," which was drank with applause.
Lord
.Gt.itstboiteiir returned thank; -for the honour done
him. He received it not as a revrartr for what ha had done, but
as an earnest of what he intended to do. Though uncon.
nected With this great commercial city, he.had received.many
acts of kindness in it. It was theeespect and veneration that
he felt for their distinguished guest that bought Win here.—
Ile congratulated them on the manly. indePendent spirit which
conducted that distinguished philosopher here ; and on the int
dependent spirit displayed among the -youth of the University
of this town. He fully agreed in the necessity of reform, when
he saw a great city like this, whose wealth, trade, and all its
important interests, had, not a third, eighth, or the twentieth
part of a 'representative ; but as liii.Worthy friend,(Professor
Mylne),had said; he..hoped public opinihn would soon drive
2rliniStBrs fo concede a more liberal system of representation.
The Citaiitsiae; said, that while they regretted the absence
of their Noble Guest, . was with :great satisfaction he stated
his de:Titration., that. he would be amply repaid for all his la-
tours, in this or ally other part of, the world, if-he had attained
the 'diameter 'of an honest man. -Many there are who preach,
.but do not practise the precept ; but this iv-a 4 a bright example
"of true greatness. He should propose the " health of Mr.
'Mackintosh,-,init.,, and ahat:he might follow the footsteps of his
illustrious father to aheppy, consummation.;' This toast was
dranl7: with applause. .
Mr. 31.acitteiToste returned. thanks. The -Only thing that
will prevent rite froM following_ the footsteps of my father will
be the want of ability—the will shall never do it.
The CHAinmAN Auld, it was well known that commerce
and liberty Went hand in. hand , and we all knew the great in-
gnenc of .public opinion,_and we_ eouldfrighten those des-
pOts of the continent, it would rhavea-very great effect on the
commerce of thie city. give " The revival of the
subverted Liberties of Spain, Italy, and-Portugal, and the pa-
triotic exiles froni those eau-raves:"

The CHAIRNAN.said, he had.the pleasure to propose " the
health .of his relative, who was acting as Croupier." .lle was •
descended from. the greatest of all men: that ever appeared in
this or any other country. All that ‘l7ash.ington, , Bolivar, or
any other ever attempted, or achieved, was perfornied by:Wal-
lace in perfection. His friend had carefully studied:
ati ution of his country; and he had gallantly and manfully-1
expressed his Sentiments in,whaiever company .be had, been.
He hoped he would live long to take part.M.promoting their 1
meetini in this town; and.. that a
he might,display the same
straight forwardna, manlinesi,
.and action toe
,had. hitherto
done, he was sure was the wish of every one present.
Mr. N7ALI:ACE said, he rose under feelingsof great doubt
and embarrassment to return .thatiks for the way in which his
health had Been drank. There was nothing he prized more
than an opportunity of declaring what he thought of that friend
of the human race, .Sir J. Mackintosh, who had been brought
to Wasgow by the young men of, the College. _
to recollect that when a boy in the University he. fad opposed,
though unsuccessfully; several of the.. Professors, when they
chose a Lord tiector of whom the students disapproved, He
should eVer be proud of being a descendant of Sir W.illiam
Wallace., of him who stood so intrepidly forth for the liberties
of his oduntry.—:-(Applainw.)—He then alluded to the state °f
lie was proud
Ireland, and considered the. Orange faction as the nucleus of
all that is infrundus, diabolical, and Wretched.-
'she Pitt fac.
'
dn o was a Mere joke to this factlon..—(APPlause')—The ini.
guides of the Orange..faction, and of the whole system of the
GoVernment of Ireland, were .never equalled in the world—
( Applause.)7 He would fain say nettling of
h"mself, but he
would be falSifcing his fzelings if he were not proud to stand
)
the. genuine. Representative of Sir William Wallace. He never
appeared before them under false banners. No, by,. Jove,. he
would never appear in 'bo:rovied pluines.(Apj)lause. —lf the

Ring went there again, as Wait proposed, he hoped he *add
hold out his 'right hand, shake six millions of loyal subjects,
and despise a petty domineering Club of 30,000 Orangemen.
Look at the Catholic Priesthood, and see how earnest they
were for the welfare of the souls and bodies of their flocks ; but
in the Established Church'of Ireland-they could not read many
:words witiwut " tithes, tithes, tithes." lie hoped a Bill would
soon be passed through 7 the Legislature, to allow all classes
dquaPpolltiCal rights.--4Applause.)—The liberal part of the
motion is with the liberal part of the Cabinet.
I.llr.illecei-Osii then gave' The University of Glase
gows" which was drarkk with all the honours.
ProfeesOr'M in his own name, and in the name of the
University, begged leave to return his sincere thanks for the ho-
nour they had just done them. - la a peculiar manner they were
indebted to the University-for thcir meeting on. the present. oc-
casion ; they were brought here by the tree spirits of a large pot-'
tion nfafe.yontheaftending it. Mr. Broughatne too, hadbeens
made Rector by the same young patriots attending that Univee-
sity.—(Ceers.:-.-Wouild that lie had but a part of that elotniciice
which he had heard this day employed in. describing the excel-'
renews, talents, and attainments; of that bighly=dietingnisfied
individual- The effect produced on his mind would not soon be
forgotten. Mr. B. had, in addition to : his being the firm, un-
daunted, uncompromising advocate of the rights of the people,
devoted his time, his talents, and his knowledge, in devising the
best means 'for educating diem (Cheers). II e was:their most
powerful, persevering, and dauntless advocitte and would
doubtless be successful in bri-ging about the great and highly
important object. It • was important for . the morale" for the
piety, for the happiness, end- for the civil and religious liberty
of the people. Education laid a solid foundation for social and
rational freedom; which neither ignorance nor power would ever
beeible to overturn. :The energy that had been excited by'
the public voice had been compared to thunder; but the peo-
itress of ethicatien could not be rightly compared to thunder ;
it would be a still small voice raised through the land, which
would be far more effectual than try thunder.-(Applause.)—
'Here the Learned 'Profeisor eulogised, at considerable length,
the different Mechanics'' institutions established throughout the
country, and .particularly those institutions for elementary
education, parochial schools—(cheers)-Lwhich had given such
an elevated tone to the-character of the people of Seculand.
Mr, ,314LattEet, from London. said lie could-not be silent
when the health of his friend, Henry Brougham, was drunk
with such applause, as he had imposed a debt of gratitude on,
him, and, indeed, on all the world; andleng may he continue
to delight the people, and enlighten their hearts.
_When he was
in Scotland last, he met Mr. Brougham and Mr. Denman in
the kingdom of Fife, and lie invited him to come to the last
dinner, and he was happy to attend. It was the young men in
the Glasgow College, who brought Mr. Brougham to town, and
he had then the honour of having axon in the University. They
bravely broke through, their trammels, and discarded the friend
of it ichmond the spy, though he had only officiated half the
ordinary time. Ile was sorry, however, that the students were
so divided beoveea such men as Mr. Brougham and that Great
Unknown, as they called him.—(Applause.)—What have the
friends of civil and religious liberty to do with this Great Un-
known ?--(Laughter.)—lie never wrote a single line to awe--
liorate the condition of the human race. The whole extent of
his 'power was to endeavour to amuse, and 'he cared nothing
about the liberty of the human race. SOme timid reformers were
afraid of the extent of the suffrage; but look to the Uni-
versity of Glasgow, where there is universal suffrage, and had
it been more limited-had it been left to a fear of the- Pro-
fessors, instead of this popular method, these great men would
never have been chosen.—( A pplause.)
Mr. GRAHAM, of Gartmore,rose to propose a toast which,
lie said, rested on its own merits. He meant to propose an ex-
cellent and indePendentgentleman, and one who stands first in;
the ranks of civil and religious liberty all over the world. He
then gave—" The health of Sir Francis Burdett," which was
drank with enthusiastic cheering.
Mr. M`La ant begged to return thanks in behalf of one of
the beat men living.a-(Applause.)—lle was a Liveryman of
London; and he declared that aassoon as-theatext election came
on, he would go to the poll, and give his vote in favour of Sir
Francis Burdett.—(lmniense cheering.)
1- Mr. Pouoihes being called :upon by the Chair, he was re-
ceived by the meeting with an unanimous burst of applause; he
began by stating; that' at such a Meeting, assembled to do
.honour to a man of such rare merits, as he had been unfor-
tunately obliged to withdraw by indisposition, it might be per-
mitted to say, without indelicacy, that he was eminently distin-
guished by original genius, literary accomplishments, and
splendid eloquence, and -an early, ardent, and disinterested
derotiori of these great talents'and acquirements to the cause of
liberty:--(Applause.)'---A , 'Meeting, too, on the occasion of his
making a greatly inconvenient, and it was to be tented ha-
, zardous exerticrnao preserve one of the few forms of free elec-
thin existing -Bco fiend, by -devolving the office of elective
Nagittrate_cf this University on -a fit successor, another
distinguished scholar and philosopher, orator, and States-
man—(great applause),—equally worthy of the choice of our
generous youth, not-merely' to grace their College with such
icle4literary.patmese but to. appointa faithful guardian ot that
trancliiie which they had shewn themselves so well qualifieir.to
exercise. Such a meeting was a fit expression of public
in favour of the principle of mu-eh-elections, and he was disposed'
to conaidertit not merelyaa a political meeting,: but'as aliterary
^festival, where literature infused grace and amenity into
sentiments, without weakening their force.--( A pplause.)—ln.
such a spirit he proposed the health of a man burn in this city,
- educated at this University, known to many. Of us personally,
and by his works, to .all the world-the ,Scottisli laureate of
liberty; the author of " The Pleasures of Hope." Early fa--
Millar with the Greek and Roman Classics, he had imbibed
an enthasiastic admiration: of those great ancient masters of
poetry and.. eloquence.: When yet a youth,---his beautiful
translations from the Greek tragedies were marked by- the
graceful simplicity, the highly polished strength, the , deep
paseion, the fine . poetical expression, and exquisite‘ bare
loony which characterised his future. original .compositions.
Like all true.bome- podia -his politics were liberal, and. ge-
nerous, and bore the bold features of the Greek and Ito
man mould. His poems abound with the noblest sentiments
of- liberty, the grandest- anticipations of its future Pro-
gress, with the most powerful denunciations against tyranny,
the strongest pictures of the debasing effects of slavery ; ,whe-
ther Swiss independence triumphs when the-fated shaft of Tell,
impelled by a peasant's arm, wets its wing in the -heart's bold
of the Austrian tyrant, -or whether he invokes the spirit of the
mighty dead who bled at' Marathon and Leuctra, to avenge
the blotting-of Poland from the map of Europe, by three des-
pots—(hear, hear !)—with the acquiescence, equally criminal
and impolitic, of England, that first false step in our foreign
policy, dictated by a home-bred horror of liberty, when the new-
born free-constitution of Poland:-was strangled in the cradle--
when ." Freedom shrieked ha Kosciusko fell."—(Applause.)
How unlike some artificial and sycophantic verse-mongers and
doggrel .story tellers -(great laughter )—who :instinctively sing,
the praises of...tyranny, and fatten on the solid comforts of sub.
serviency—(much laughter)—who kiss the miry feet of the
golden.lteaded image of Powera-whO turn away froin Helicon,
and in the prone posture of -Inferior natures, lap the muddy
stream of the goiden-sanded Pactolus. This sordid schoolof
poetry may be puffed into a temporary fashion, which soon
passes away ; like some African mountain torrent, showy;;
noisy, and shallow, it speedily sinks into the sand, and is lost.
—(Great applause.)—The fame of a true poet, :like the Nile,
springing in some spot too sequestered for -even the search of
the curious traveller, flows on by its native force; gradually in-
creasing its majestic waters; fertilizing and ornamenting vari.
ous countries, till, by a hundred mouths, the mighty flood min-
gles with the ocean, and visite every shore of the inhabited
globe.-(Applause.)—Campbell is scarcely less distinguished by
critical acumen in developing the principles of that divine art,
which he so happily exemplifies, than for the severe historical
investigation into the politics, laws and manners, of the,Grecian_l
polar Le a ton
sese hani University,ab: ecirdr
laie
States, by which he has triumphantly vindicated the free ,
uch
nce
use
stitutions of Athens front the ignorant imputations of political
wrtiers of the sycophant school, and shewn that a narrow coun-
try,
iiiiit,:iiiltilitoe:adr:pie.:irdd.saiicuffiilged soil, which, bred such races of artists, ora-
tors, lawgivers, and heroes, must have possessed Institutions
fitted in the highest degree to elevate and adorn the human
character. The occasion of this meeting, besides,' gave Camp-
bell a peculiar title to be remembered as the proposer of, a po-
habits, eere a Swift would not pass for a' blockhead, nor a
Locke be expelled for the soundness of his logic and his poli-
lbagniyheuOtitiPsolaeifitnieririmaoofninrnpeksro:otativinOineindei
for liberality,' even with his pliant morality Of expediency.—
ment and discovery, are thecoinnaieonntsr.aie(dGrienata p
applause.)
anuigslei English M e tre-
, 44 The health oftha author of "The Pleasures of Hope,' and
in
n
succeati to-the London University." • [This toast was followed
rt
.t.toh4peldw anotherishEviehnemohgt Poe;
school,
soytuftnhpie
psni:
by intense and long continues} applause'.
Mr.. MAXWELL rose to propose the liberal part of his Ma.;
jesty's Minister's; and would only -say, that it had been alleged
against the-Whigs that they wished as much calamity as would
oppo-
nents adopted their principles.
bring theM into power. He would say for them, that they
would be very happy to be excluded from office if their oppo-
constitutional principles, not the Ministerial, he would he glad
to If Ministers would adopt the
give up all thelionour and glory of governing the etate. They
would say with Eparnintindas of old,' they were happy there
were better men than themselves. Societies have come forward.
to drink Ministers' healths, and why ? because they are repent-
ant sinners. ( Laughter and apPlause.)--They were told that time
Whigs meant to subvert the Constitution subvert the monarchy,
and all that is great and good in the State ; but by-adopting their
principles, the Crown was more secure, the people as joyous, as
:contented, and as happy as' they can bc'under a Tory' Ministry.
That they might be long worthy of, being toasted in this and
busy
uetn:aisy:

similar itiettings was his cordial wish ; but he hoped the
would not hereafter be branded as revolutionists. He thought
they were under some obligations to Mr. Canning; he believe.'
they had taken him in froth necessity; and from his talents,
winch were most transcendent, he hoped that in his adversity be
had learned that the interest Of the thousand were as good 31,
the interest of the few. He hoped that he would persevere ti"
he got this country out of that abominable connection with the
Holy Alliance. He would drink the toast which, under similar
circumstances, they could not expect from their antagonists.;
He proposed 64 The liberal part of his Majesty's Ministers, and
may they still farther adopt the political principles which theft
opponents have so long inculcated.":—(Applause.)
Mr. I)ENNISTONAt rose to propose (runidst'grest'applauseT
the health of Sir John Maxwell, of l'ollock, a man who had
u;tiformly acted through life as a steady and sound Whig, sna
who must enjoy that day the highest satisfaction which a parent
could feel, and a proud reward for a long life "of pOlitical zeta
arid exertion in witnessing the admirable manner in which his
-son performed the duties of Chairman. Sir John :4aXwell
,endeared himself to the people of Glasgow, by courtesy ss
country gentleman, and giving the most liberal access to their
enjoyment of the Sports of the field. " The health of Sir John
Maxwell, of Pollock."

Slat Jolts( MaxwEr.r. rose amidst tremendous applanAg'
He returned thanks for• the hondur they had done hits '; and Ito
would not detain them for a moment. He could only /latter
himself that hisprincipies had been Consistent; and bealid.nt4
think, at his time of life, there was any temptation that could
come in his way that was likely to change his principles.'
(Applause.)
Mr. WALLACE, in Propoiing a toast, alluded to the great di"a"
'tress that had formerly existed in this part of the country, an
he prayed. to God that they might never see such days ageig4
or witness such a system of iniquity as was practised among
the people in the manufacttiring districts: These-plana Were
hatched in close conclave, at Vienne,- and sent out •by tl>e
then. Seeretary of State for the Home Department, ist Pan,
times and in such quantities as, it was thought would beg:
suit the. urpose. The people were led into a belief that IP;
cause of their distress was, that the sole property, agricaltorl
and commercial, was going into the coffers- of the State, t''.„
havingshipught the people to the verge of ruin—niy,
the verge,—theytlid all in their power todrive them to utter de"
;pair. They next sent-evsverntnent spies- among them,
had been tried and duly approved of by the Holy Alliance, an ii
they then sent others to watch them, whohad been approved of
by Lord Castlereagh;, and thus- the Government so manag
that they were first instigators, then spies, end last of all t,rin.j
d
tore. They deluded a few uneducated, wretched creatures
he really would maintain, that they did nothing tineolitititOtii""
till they were obliged by circumstances to do it'. Two poor 01
were executed at Stirling, and what- a pitiful and lamentab
exhibition was made in this city of a poor-unfortunate creela.e
who was much better fitted for a place in the asylum than fer
.
the gibbet'and the bloat: It was these horrid proceedings th4`
induced the House of Commons to suspend the Constitution.
After some observations in favour of Catholic Emancipatiet,li
the Hon. Gentleman remarked, that should the liberal part..'
his Majesty's Ministers come to this city, some .attents!"
would be shewn them, but they must look to th Whims for 01
for if Mr. Canning, Mr. Wallace, Mr, Iluskisson. and '
" NI
Robinson, were to come here,' they would not receive nil
respect from the Tories. He then gave " the British Constitnj
tion, and may it never be suspended by mesas of elides
informers." • - - .
Mr. HORROCKS then rose to propose "the, health
Spier:, of Elderslie' l
and the independent FreeholdeFreeholders(4.ll;
frewshire." He'hat always shewn himself the friend of
people and of independence, and they ought always to thU
' highly of the electors of Renfrewshire, when they seat' to rt_eor
liament such a Member as Mr. Maxwell. The toast was °`
drank with great applatte.
Mr. DIXON said he had to proposethe health of a firm
and, he Might eay,'unrelenttng Whig, " Mr. Graham, of Gar:
more."—(Great applause.)—He had always been the zeal"
0,1
and persevering advocate .of reform ; none were ,more opPot,,,
to the present system than he wait. He had made sacrifices
the cause, and he believed he did not regret it. fie .was
ed to Parliament under flattering prospects, with large terrif.
rial possessions,,and.great personal interest but what we 4 fb,
consequence.? he could not retain his seat if wished to be
ar
honest man, and he vacated it. In Scotland they had the 117.:
fortune to live in a proVinee—they pay taxes, to be sure, in;
their English brethren, but they did not enjoy the privilegeso-
the same Governmenti = There. are ,in'this country heredite
Goveroons, through :whose interest all places are filled 011;,i
Even the very Judges are nominated by this interest, and
in for. generations, An „instance of that lately occurred ti
Circurt Court in this city, where there were three geners",.o,4
of one, family one way or other officially employed. 1-r"
seemed to be a system :of breeding in this countrk for ;inworks,
works, jobs, and places,—( Laughter. )—York-ahire was faroet,l
breeding, but he defied them to compete with 'the Seetio
breeders.—(A laugh. )-111r. Graham had been returned sof_tads
ment by the interest of a Noble Duke, and he found
either vote agairi.st his own conscience, or do an rktrai.sgs
thing--he would de neither, he vacated his seat. On Oirfl 4011
aka, in a iteighbearing..ceurity,' -the—independent
Tories coalesces) *pima the. Duke; they failed, and wbgrrerag
election was osier Mr. Graham said the Member returnsct,,,rbs
not the rcpreisentativebf the • county,--but- of the Duke- :'ort
Member said he.was proud of the distinction, and retecte°
to
r.,Graliam„.l4 saying he was.orice in the same situatiod;osi
which Mr."Graham.replied, " Yes, but I kicked' the seat 0
third place beyond purgatory Applause.)
The health of Mr., Graham was then. drank with applatlol
Mr. GRAHAM, in returning thanks for the-honour awl ipfl
just done him, in drinking .his health, and for the tiage.reari
encomiums that had just been passed upon bins by his frio
who had justsat down, would not detain them long. He bdt
it tb be ii delicate thins for a person to speak of himself
this he would say, that were he placed in similar circumsco", 6
to those which, in the course of his public life, led II ip
make those sacrifices alluded to by' hi* friend, he would sg
the same way he had done.—(Much cheering.) .
-Mr. MAXWELL then gave—
" Prosperity of Glasgow."
" The President of the United States," with all the ham""
" Success to the
_Greeks." . •
" Earl Grey and the Marquis of Lansdown, and the
of England." . - •
" The. health of Mr, Hume" was drank with great app'-:
" The Duke of Leinster and the Whigs of Ireland.' 01
Mr., MAXWELL, in proposine• the health of the 1)""',i eta'o.•
Harhitioh and the Whigs of SCotlaittl, said. they would s"
ed
collect that tht Duke was the intimate friend of Charles Jernoo
.Finc. It was no mean proof of the sagacity of that States
that he attached himself to amen of his Grace's worth and tit!
yea
. The Duke had never forgotten that the honours he etre!'
were, like the Crown, held in trust forthe people. `Wile.—the
pro:. and delighted to wait on his Sovereign and exercise. at
fUnctions of his high hereditary offices, he hesitated ntnforo
the time honestly and manfully to declare his sentiments be air,
the Thrcne, in behalf of the rights and liberties of the
lle spoke out boldly in the presence of the highest • Torl.oo,
England, in language that would have done honour to anY,.„' caot
With all the pomp of greatneas, around him, he never 3;
that he was a British subject and a tree man.—(Appian' ;itb
" The health'of the Dtike of Hamilton" was then 'drank
great applause. , tneel
" Earl Fitzwilliam, the intrepid' assertor of .constitnt
inquiry," was next drank with applause. •
" The Universal Abolition of
,the Slave Trade," wasp •
given. . the
Mr. MAXWELL stated, . that what. bad been -awl bi oat
Gallant Admiral corroborated the opinion of. the Vv ail,*
the emancipation of the blackS.would be a great benefit CO
country, and no loss to the-proprietors.—(Applause.) o
" Mr. Craruitoun and the-independence-of the Scotch-
" Mr. Denman and the Independeoce of the English
" The Reform of the Criminal Code." the
" May a pretended regard for= religion never be illaele •
cloak of political oppression." Noble,
Mr. CABBELL proposed the health of a distinguished
man, who had always supported- the liberty oi the coun,tira,,j,
well as the liberty of the press. He then gave " Lord Ho°
which was drank with acclamation. V-I°l
The CHAIRMAN then gave " The health of the Ste'.3
which was drank wich acclamation. s.,use 01'
Mr. IllaxwEra. then left the Chair, amidst the aPP"
the Meeting, c.d the Meeting immediately broke up.

for
tor •
GLASGOW, APRIL s.—Yeqterday the election of Rec,os,-
u
this University was completed, Sir JAMES MACKI)i
giving his vote in favour of Henry Broug'natn, Bsq," in
Sir James took the opportunity of addressing the C?rfoi'i Pu°
elegant Speech.* We understand the installation °
Brougham takes place on WzAlnesday.
[' We shall give this Speech to-morrow.]

ATTEMPTED SUICI DE.— AbOtl t six o'CIOCk
terday evening atnan,attempted to drove'"„
self by jumping of? :the :steps of,
~,Mater at,
bridge ; he .was rescued by two waterro°oo*
ter going under the botioin of a boat, ei'd froo
veyed to Dr. .STANTON'S:: in the Strand, 1, to
whence he was conveyed in a hackney c°3e„ear!
his home in Itathboni4lace, Soho. It "1 the
he was watched by a female who aPPrise-
watermen of her. buspicions.
