CHOLERA .MORBUS.

(From the London Ga2ette of yesterday.)
At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the 20th day of
Octoher, 1831, by a Committee of the Lords of his Ma
j-ste's Most Honourable Privy Council.
Their Lordships this day took into consideration certain rules
and regulations proposed by the Board of Health, for the purpose
of preventing the introduction and spreading of the disease called
cholera morbus in the United Kingdom, together with an ac-
count of the symptoms and treatment of the said disease; and
were pleased to order that the same be printed and published in
the Gazette, and circulated in all the principal ports, creeks, and
other stations of the said United Kingdom, with a view that all
persons may be made acquainted therewith, and conform them-
selves thereto. W. S. BATHURST.
The measures for external precaution for preventing the
introduction of the cholera morbus by a rigorous quaran.
tine have hitherto been found effectual, but as the disease
approaches the neighbouring shores, not only is the neces-
city of increased vigilance more apparent, but it is also con-
sistent
with common prudence that the country should he
pared to meet the possible contingency of so dreadful a ca-
lamity. The intention of the following observations,
therefore, is to submit to the public such suggestions as it
appears to the Board of Health should either be immedi-
ately acted upon, or so far carried into operation as that, in
any case, the country should not be found uninformed as to
the best means of providing for its internal protection.
To effect the prevention of the introduction of the dis-
order the most active co-operation not only of the local
authorities along the coast in the measures of the Govern-
ment, but 'likewise the exercise of the utmost caution by
all the inhabitants of such parts of the country, becomes
indispensably necessary. The quarantine regulations
established by the Government are sufficient, it is confi-
dently hoped, to prevent the disorder from being commu-
nicated through any intercourse with the Continent in the
regular channel of trade or passage, but they cannot guard
against its introduction by means of the secret and sur-
reptitious intercourse which is known to exist between the
coast of England an the opposite shores.
By such means this fatal disorder, in spite of all qua.
rantine regulations and of the utmost vigilance on the part
of the Government, might be introduced into the United
Kingdom ; and it is clear that this danger can only be
obviated by the most strenuous efforts on the part 'of all
persons of any influence to pat a stop to such practices ;
the utmost exertions should be used to effect this end.
The Magistrates, the Clergy, and all persons resident on
the coast, it is hoped, will endeavour to impress upon the
pnpul ttion of their different districts (and particularly of
the retired villages along the sea-shore) the danger to
which they expose themselves by engaging in illicit inter-
course with persons coming from the Continent ; and
should appeal to their fears in warning them of the imnai
neat risk which they incur by holding any communication
with smugglers, and ethers who may evade the quarantine
regulations.

To meet the other objects adverted to in the introduc-
tion, namely, to prepare for the possible contingency of the
country being visited by this disorder, as well as to assist
in its prevention, it is recommended that in every town
and village, commencing with those on the coast, there
should he established a Local Board of Health, to consist
of the Chief and other Magistrates, the Tlereyman of the
parish, two or more Physicians or Medical Practitioners;
and three or more of the principal inhabitants ; and one
of the Medical Members should he appointed to corre-
spond with the Board of Health in London.
Every large town should be divided into district., hav-
ing a district committee of two or three members, one of
whom should be of the medical profession, to watch over
its health, and to give the earliest information to the
Board of Health in the town, whose instructions they will
carry into effect.
As the most effectual means of preventing the spreading
of au7 pestilence has always been found to be the imme-
diate separation of the sick from the healthy, it is of the
utmost importance that the very first cases of cholera
which may appear should be made known as early at pos-
sible; concealment of the sick would not only endanger
the safety of the public, but (as success in the treatment f
the cholera has been found mainly to depend on medical
assistance having been given in the earliest stage of the
disease) would likewise deprive the patient of his best
chance of recovery.
To carry into effect the separation of the sick from the
healthy it would be very expedient that one or more houses
should be kept in view in each town or its neighbourhood,
as places to which every cue of the disease, as soon as
detected, might be removed, provided the family of the
affected person consent to such removal, and in case of re-
fusal a conspicuous mark (" Sick") should be placed in
front of the house, to warn persons that it is in quaran-
tine ; and even when persona with the disease shall have
been removed, and the house shall have been purified, the
word (" Caution") should be substituted, as denoting sus-
picion of the disease, and the inhabitants of such house
should not be at liberty to move out or communicate with
other persons until, by the authority oldie Local Beard, the
mark shall have been removed.

In seine towns it may he found possible to appropriate a
public hospital to this purpose, or, should any barrack
exist iu the neighbourhood, it might, under the authority
of the Commander of the Forces, be similarly applied.

Wherever it may be allowed to remove the sick from
their awn habitations to the previously selected and de
tached buildings, the houses from which they have been
so removed, as well as the houses in which the sick have
chosen to remain, should be thoroughly purified in the fol-

towing manner :
Decayed articles, , such as rags, cordage, papers, old
clothes, hangings, should be burnt ; filth of every de-
scription removed ; clothing and furniture should be sub-
mitted to copious effusions of water, and boiled in a strong
Jey ; drains and privies thoroughly cleansed by streams of
water and chloride of lime; ablution of wood work
should be performed by a strong ley of soap and water ;
the walls of the house, from the cellar to the girret, should
be hot lime-washed ; all loose and decay ed pieces of plas.
teriog should be removed.
Free and continued admission of fresh air to all parts of
the house and furniture should be enjoined for at least a week.

It is impossible to impress too strongly the necessity of
extreme cleanliness and free ventilation ; they are points of
the very greatest importance, whether in the houses of the
sick. or generally as a measure of precaution.
It is recommended that those who may fall victims to
this formidable disease should be buried in a detached
ground in the vicinity of the house that may have been
selected for the reception of cholera patients. By this
regulation it is intended to confine as much as possible
every source of infection to one spot : on the same princi-
ple, all persons who may be employed in the removal of
the sick from their own hou,es, as well as those who may
attend upon cholera patients in the capacity of nurses,
should live apart from the rest of the community.
It should here be observed, that the fewer the number
of persons employed in these duties the better, as then the
chance of spreading the infection by their means will be
diminished, . . .

Wherever objections arise to the remora! of the sick
from the healthy, or other cause exist to resider such a
step not advisable, the same prospect of success in ex-
tinguishing the seeds of the pestilence cannot be expected.
Much, however, may be done even in these difficult
circumstances by following the same principles of prudence,
and by avoiding all unnecessary communication with the
public out of doors; all articles of food, or other neces-
saries required by the family, should be placed in front of
the house, and received by one of the inhabitants of the
house after the person delivering them shall have retired.
Until the time during which the contagion of cholera
lies dormant in the human frame has been more accurately
ascertained, it will be necessary, for the sake of perfect
security, that convalescence from the disease, and those
who have had any communication with them, should be
kept under observation for a period of pot less than
twenty days.
The occupiers of each house where the disease may
occur, or be supposed to have occurred, are enjoined to
report the fact immediately to the Local Board of Health
in the town where they reside, in order that the profes-
sional member of such Board may immediately visit, re-
port, and, if permitted to do so, cause the patient to be
removed to the place allotted for the sick.
_ _

In every town the name and residence of etch of the
members of the district Committee should he fixed on the
doors of the church, or other conspicuous place.
All intercourse with any infected town, and the neigh-
bouring country, must be prevented by the best means
within the power of the magistrates, who will have to make
regulations for the supply of provisions ; but such regula-
tions are intended only for extreme cases ; and the diffi-
culty of carrying such a plan into effect on any extended
scale will undoubtedly be great; but, as a precaution of
great importance, it is most essential that it should be an
object of consideration, in order to guard against the
spreading of infection.
Other measures, of a more coercive nature, may be ren-
dered .expedient for the common safety, if unfortunately so
htal a disease should ever show itself in this country in
the terride fogy in which it has appeared in various parts
of Europe
.; ansi it may become necessarq to draw troops,
urea strong hay a police, around infected places, so a
utterly to exclude the uababitants from all intercourse with
the country ; and we feel sure what is demanded for the
common safety of the State will always be acquiesced
in with a willing loubm iss io n to the necessity which nu-

poses it.
The Board partioilailv invitee attention to a Lid cp-

firmed by all the communications received from abroad, viz.
that the poor, ill-fed, and unhealthy part of the population,
and especially those who have been addicted to drinking
spirituous liquors and indulgence in irregular habits, have
been the greatest sufferers from this disease, and that the
infection has been most virulent, and has spread rapidly
and extensively, in the district of towns where the streets
are narrow and the population crowded, and where little
or no attention has been paid to cleanliness and ventila-
tion. They are aware of the difficulty of removing the
evils referred to, but they trust that attention thus
awakened will ensure the most active endeavours of ail
Magistrates, resident Clergymen, and persons of influence
and authority, to promote their mitigation, and as the
amount of danger and the necessity of precaution may be-
come the more apparent, they will look with increased
confidence to the individual exertions of those who may he
enabled to employ them beneficially in furtherance of the
suggestions above stated.

BOARD OF HEALTH, COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS,
OCT. 20, 1831.

The following are the early symptoms of the disease in
its most marked form, as it occurred to the observation of
Dr. Russell and Dr. Barry, at St. Petersburgb, corro-
barated by the accounts from other places where the disease
has prevailed :
Giddiness, sick stomach, nervous agitation, intermit'ent,
slow, or small pulse, cramps beginning at the tops of the
fingers and toes, and rapidly approaching the trunk, give
the first warning.
Vomiting or purging, or both these evacuations of a
liquid like rice-water or whey. or barley-water, come on ;
the features become sharp and contracted, the eye sinks,
the look is expressive of terror and wildness ; the lips, face,
neck, hands, and feet, and soon after the thighs, arms, and
whole surface, assume a leaden, blue, purple, black, or
deep brown tint, according to the complexion of the indi-
vidual, varying in shade with the intensity of the attack.
The fingers and toes are reduced in size ; the skin and soft
parts covering them are wrinkled, shrivelled, and folded;
the nails put on a bluish pearly white ; the larger super-
ficial veins are marked by flat lines of a deeper black ; the
pulse becomes either small as a thread, and scarcely vi-
brating, or else totally extinct.
The skin is deadly cold and often damp ; the tongue
always moist, often white and loaded, but flabby and
chilled like a piece of dead flesh. The voice is nearly gone ;
the respiration quick, irregular, and imperfectly performed.
The patient speaks in a whisper. He struggles for breath,
and often lays his hand on his heart to point out the seat
of his distress. Sometimes there are rigid spasms of the
legs, thighs, and loins. The secretion of urine is totally
suspended; vomiting and purging!, which are far from
being the most important and dangerous symptoms, and
which in a very great number of cases of the disease have
not been profuse, or have been arrested by medicine early
in the attack, succeed.
It is evident that the most urgent and peculiar symp-
tom of this disease is the sudden depression of the vital
powers : proved by the diminished action of the heart,
the coldness of the surface and extremities, and the stag-
nant state of the whole circulation. It is important to ad-
vert to this fact, as pointing out the instant measures which
may safely and beneficially be employed where medical aid
cannot immediately be procured. All means tending to
restore the circulation and maintain the warmth of the
body should be had recourse to without delay. The pa-
tients should always immediately be put to bed, wrapt up
in hot blankets, and warmth should be sustained by other
external applications, such as repeated frictions with flan-
nels and camphorated spirits; poultices of mustard and
linseed (equal parts) to the stomach, particularly where pain
and vomiting exist; similar poultices to the feet and legs,
to restore their warmth. The returning heat of the body
may be promoted by bags containing hot salt or bran ap-
plied to different parts of it. For the same purpose of re-
storing and sustaining the circulation, white wine whey,
with spice, hot brandy and water, or sal volatile, in the
dose of a tea-spoonful in hot water, frequently repeated, or
from five to twenty drops of some of the essential oils, as
peppermint, clove, or cajeput, in a wine glass of water,
may be administered ; with the same view, where the
stomach will bear it, warm broth with spice may be em-
ployed. In very severe cases, or where medical aid is
difficult to be obtained, from twenty to forty drops of
laudanum nay be given in any of the warm drinks pre
viously recommended.
'These simple meams are proposed as resources in the in-
cipient stage of the disease, where medical aid has net yet
been obtained.

In reference to the further means to be adopted in the
treatment of this disease, it is necessary to state that no
specific remedy has yet been ascertained ; nor has any plan
of cure been sufficiently commended by success to warrant
its express recommendation from authority. The Board
have already published a detailed statement of the methods
of treatment adopted in India, and of the different opinions
entertained as to the use of bleeding, calomel, opium, &c.
There is reason to believe that more information on this
subject may be obtained from those parts a the Continent
where the disease is now prevailing; but even should it
be otherwise, the greatest confidence may be reposed in
the intelligence and real which the medical practitioners of
th7s country will employ in establishing an appropriate
method of cure.
HENRY HALFORD, President of the Board.

EDINBURGH.

STATE OF PUBLIC FEELING.

(FROM OUR OWN REPORTER.)
GREAT REFORM MEETING.

On Wednesday, the 19th instant, the Edinburgh Poli-
tical Union, embracing the most respectable, intelligent,
wealthy, and influential inhabitants of our northern me-
tropolis, held at St. Ann's-yards, in the King's Park,
their first general public meeting, for the purpose of ex-
pressing, at the present political crisis, their enthusiastic
loyalty to their patriotic Sovereign, their unabated confi-
dence in his Ministers, and their sincere and undiminished
attachment to the principles and provisions of the Reform
Bill. At two o'clock a vast concourse of people, amount•
ing to at least 20,000 persons, had assembled, and
Mr. Beonie having been called to the chair,
Mr. WEIR addressed the meeting. He said they were
assembled, not to make or hear long speeches, tl ey bad
met in that dark hour again to avow their adherence to
those great political principles which they had lately, full
of hope, avowed to the House of Lords. He called it a
dark hour, and such, indeed, it was, for there was at that
moment no man who loved his country, that did not lock
hack to the past with indignation, and to the future with
fearful anticipation.—( Hear.) When he contemplated the
past, he saw that his country, for well nigh a century, had been
governed by an incapable, interested, grasping oligarchy,
who had proved themselves more anxious to increase their
own wealth and secure their own interests, in defiance of,
and in opposition to the general good of the people. The
cry of Reform, however, had been raised again and again
until every ninety-nine in the hundred of their country's
population had been convinced of its absolute necessity.
The most enlightened and popular Ministry that had ever
existed had devised a plan calculated to ensure to the
people their undoubted constitutional potential voice in the
representation—that plan had been adopted, approved of,
and applauded by the voice of a unanimous nation ; it was
passed by a large majority of the purest House of Commons
that had ever assembled in St. Stephen's, but when it came
to the House of Peers it had been unceremoniously re-
jected. The House had refused to entertain it, and would
not even discuss its details in Committee, or condescend
upon the question whether the people had a right to a
voice in the elections of their representatives.—(Loud ex-
pressions of elicppointment, and cries of "Shame, shame.")
In circumstance s like there he would say again that no
man who truly loved his country would feel otherwise
then influenced by a deep and determined spirit of indig-
nation,..,-(Cheers.) And then when he looked to the
consequences of such an unfortunate state of things, and
looked forward to the future, what was to be seen ? The
House of Commons had itself declared that it did not re-
present the people. The House of Lords had refused to
grant such a House of Commons as would represent them,
and had eonriernned one of the three great branches of the
Legislature to a state pf suspended animation, coldly and
proudly too at a moment icitipb, in a national and com-
mercial point of view, was most crit;cal, when the capi-
talists had withdrawn their money, and whcn the labori-
ous, industrious, honest operatives were all but destitute
of productive* emplopnent.—(Cheers.) At a moment
which of all others in our Laistnry imperatively demanded a
Government having the confidence of the people, had the
House of Lords exposed the country in that anomalous
and dangerous ataZe jo which one of the legislative bodies
could not conscientiously ect, to a rate of anarchy
and confusion.—(Loud cheers.) 'the only question that
remained, related to the course which, in finch circum-
stances, -should he adopted by the unanimous nation. There
was only one epoise to be pursued—keeping within the
strict bounds of legal pvt?oydjnation, again to avow their
resolution, through all perplexitios and difficulties, to stand
fast to the great measure of Parliamentary &form which the
Peershad most unwisely and unceremoniously rejected, in-
sisting upon the extermination of all rotten nomination bo-
roughs,the enfranchisement of hitherto unrepresented,or onlY
partially represented, large manufacturing towns and dis-
trial; to do all t'nis with unremitting zeal, firmness, and

constitutional energy, until, with the Bill for their banner,
their King and his Ministers, while true to their cause,
marching at their head, the battle of Reform and political
integrity was won by the triumphant exertions of a free
and enlightened public.—(Loud cheers.) If calmly and
resolutely, yet in obedience to the law, they acted thus,
the ground on which they stood ensured the people a glo-
rious conquest.—(Cheers.) From the brow of the sur-
rounding rocks they beheld the place where the banner of
the Covenant was struck down in unequal conflict; but a
few years afterwards that banner was again reared, and
the triumphant blow was struck in its defence, because
it was planted in the hearts of the people.—(Cheers.)
At the base of the impending crags had the last
of the Pretenders encamped while in Edinburgh, and in
spite of military force, although he swept through the land
like a storm, yet because the hearts of the people were
not with him, his force dwindled away and he was soon
left helpless and alone.— (Loud and continued cheering )
The people were then to be resolute in asserting their ho-
nest constitutional rights ; and although even in this me-
thod of acting it might be said they were endeavouring to
force the House of Lords to yield to popular outcry, let the
nation plead the conduct of their own bright ancestors at
Runnymede. King John did not grant the Magna
Charta with good will, nor, in 1688, did King
James so willingly leave the throne, but yet, upon
those two great points did hang at this moment
all our dear constitutional rights and liberties.—(Cheers.)
The nation's voice raised unequivocally, constitutionally,
energetically, would, however, have far more influence
than all the armed array of the Barons at Runnymede,—
(Cheers.) He would propose for the adoption of the meet-
ing the following resolution :
" That the people of this country, unalterably resolved on
exerting all constitutional means for the attainment of an effici_
ent Reform, had rested their hopes on the success of the Bill
which, passed by the Commons' House, has been rejected by the
Lords; and that intelligence of the disastrous event has every
where excited inexpressible feelings of disappointment, sorrow,
and indignation." _ _ _

Mr. PRENTICE seconded the resolution. It was one
from which he felt assured few could withhold their cor-
dial assent.—(Cheers.) It stated that the people were
disappointed, that they were sorrowful, and, truly, also
that they were indignant. Was there one in that vast
assembly who did not feel disappointed at the loss of a
measure on which he had founded his hope of being duly
invested with those principles which were his undeniable
birthright, and of being able to shake off those myriads of
leeches which had for so many long years sucked his
country's best heart's blood—(Cheers)—that redoubtable
host of sinecurists and pensioners who battened upon the
produce of his toil and industry, but who while they lived
by his labour despised and scorned him?—(Loud cheers.)
Was there one to be found who was not sorry that the
misery which delay had already occasioned was to be pro-
longed and increased ; or was there any who believed that
the stagnation of public business, which for months had
already existed in every quarter, would cease, and business
become more lively and brisk while the great measure of
Parliamentary Reform was unsettled ? Distress would not
only continue but would increase, and numbers would be
daily added to the already fearful mass of these who now
were destitute of employment.—(Hear, hear.) Could
they see all this without being disappointed by the frus-
tration of their hopes—without being sorrowful at the
contemplation of such distress—without being indignant
at the cause ?—(Cheers.) But were they to rest
under all this—were they to hang their harps on the
willow, and weep out the remainder of their term ?
Heaven forbid !—(Tremendous cheering.) Their disap-
pointment would not make them despair—they would not
be enervated by their sorrow, nor were they, as their ene-
mies desired, to be made desperate by their indignation.—
(Loud cheers.) Those feelings, he trusted, would work
within them together for good, and produce a firm, deter-
mined, unchangeable resolution, to effect, constitutionally,
this great purpose.—(Continued cheering.) The various
emotions created by this disappointment were mingled
with surprise. They wondered that in so great an assem-
bly as the House of Peers, a party of men should be so
blind and so self-willed, that they would,for the preserva-
tion of illegal privileges, peril the stability of the Throne, the
existence of their own order, and the peace of the country.
—(Cheers.) If surprise and grief had been excited by
the conduct of the Opposition Lords generally, the conduct
of one bench—the Bishops—(Loud expressions of &sap-
probation)—the Right Reverend Fathers in God—the
Apostles of Peace—the successors of the fishermen of Ga-
like, had !dill more excited their astonishment and indigna.
tion.—(Cheers.) Those men were afraid, it was said, of a
revolution, yet what a change was here ? They were the
successors of men, who, when sent forth to preach, were
enjoined to take nothing fur their journey, neither staves, nor
scrip, nor bread, nor money; neither were they to have two
coats a piece—and yet the Church flourished then.—
(Loud cheers.) But their successors in these days were
exalted into legislators of the first rank, sitting in judg-
ment in temporal matters in the highest court of the king-
dom, and plunged, by their decisions, the country into
misery and distress.—(Loud and long continued cheers.)
The question of Re.orin had very long been under discus-
sion—the people had been led to inquire into their
rights—the result of this inquiry was a conviction that
they were entitled to the elective franchise, and
acting on that conviction they were determined to have
it.—(Cheers.) How, then, were they to obtain that th, it
undeniable right ? Not by sudden and ill-directed
ebullitions of popular feeling—(Cheers)—not by wanton
destruction of their neighbour's property—(Cheers)—not
by maltreating the persons of obnoxious individuals.
(Cheers.) Miserable gratifications were all these,
which were a disgrace to humanity—and from all which he
thanked Heaven, Edinburgh was still free, but their object
was to be obtained by a well directed union—(Cheers)--
an union of sentiment, and an union of all the unions in
the kingdom.—( Cheers.) At present the people had to wait
a little longer—the plans of the Ministry would soon be dis-
closed, and if they were one whit less efficient and extensive
than had lately been propounded, if the cup was one drop
less full than that Just dashed from their lips—the nation's
et), would be loud enough to be heard—its language would
be plain enough to be understood, and their actions would
be those of men who were deserving of freedom.—(Loud
cheers.) He seconded the resolution, and sat down amidst
most enthusiastic cheers.

The resolution was then put and carried unanimously•
Mr. AYTOIDT, advocate, then addressed the meeting in
a long, energetic, eloquent, and enthusiastically applauded
speech. Little was it expected that 199 selfish indi-
viduals, the lordly majority as it had been called in
the House of Peers, would have had the baseness
to set their little, selfish, petty interests and paltry
motives in opposition to the wishes and interests of this
mighty empire, defying a patriotic King united with a
determined people.—(Loud cheers.) The people, how-
ever, bad acted nobly under their present disappointment—
they had shewn themselves the true lovers of constitu-
tional order and peace—and they had thus averted
all the horrors attendant on a general convulsion. The
Peers had done what they never could undo ; and he called
upon them to beware when the Bill was again introduced,
and rejected of what would follow. The efforts of the people
—their constitutional efforts, by petitions, and resolutions,
and public meetings, would not be directed to the House of
Commons, but to a Reform in the House of Lords—
(Loud cheers)—a radical Reform in that high House—
(Continued cheers)—a Reform in which some of their
Lordships would be found included in schedule A.—
(Loud cheers.) The Peers had already decided their
fate in a neighbouring country. In France, while
the Reform Bill was progressing in the House of Com-
mons, the Chamber of Deputies was employed in deter-
mining the question of a hereditary Peerage, and there
the votes on the subject were nearly divided, inclining
rather in favour of the Peers ; but the moment the vote
op the Reform Bill in the British House of Peers was
known in that country, a vote was immediately demanded,
and a hereditary Peerage was negatived by a majority of
three to one.—(Loud cheers.) He called upon his Ma-
jesty's Ministers to immediately prorogue Pat liament, to
create the requisite number of Peers to carry the Bill, not
to let it slumber during a long vacation, bat to consult
the interests, welfare, and peace of the country by its
speedy triumphant determination.—(Loud cheers.) In
the mean time the nation demanded that every individual,
Peer or commoner, should be ousted from every place of
favour or emolument who had voted against the
BilL—
(Loud cheers,) The Bishops should be taught that the
people of this country were not to be insulted with im-
punity—(Cheers)—anal when the Marquis of London•
derry—(Groans and hisses)—came to the Treasury for
2,0001. his annual pension as retired Ambassador, lie
should bp instructed that his Lordship need no longer ex
pest to be paid by the labours of a people, whose legiti-
mate interests at the same mimeo he took every oppor-
tunity of endeavouring to defeat.—(Loud lengthenet
cheers.) The Learned Gentleman concluded by moviug
the secohd resolution.

"'That although the meeting are fully convinced of the per-
vading desire th''prederve the public peace, they cannot conceal
from themselves that, in the event of an efficient Reform being
delayed, the distress superinduced by the stoppage of trade and
the consequent beggary of the working classes, may possibly, in
despite. at 1-#.6 Pest ihteationS" on the part of the people, plunge
the country into istge oranarchy."
Mr. STODDART seconded the resolution, which was
carried amidst loud and universal cheering.
Mr. TATE, after a neat speech proposed the fallowing
resolution :

That in the present excitcd'state of the public mind, in the
fearful crb is at Which the country has arrived, the people, with
most fervent loyalty and devotion to his Majesty, feel that any un-
due delay on the part of his Majesty's Ministers in bringing tor-

ward a Bill equally at efficient as that which has been lost, will
diminish that confidence which the country has hitherto reposed
in their exertions. The people therefore look to the Throne for
the accomplishment of their wishes, and the salvation of the
empire from impending calamities.

which was seconded by Mr. JAMIESON. If Reform like
Earl Grey's Bill was granted, with a free, enlightened, ex-
tended ballot-protected constituency, the House of Peers
'night then be crammed with all the rats that had ever in-
fested a Tory Government—(Loud laughter and applause)
—and although the vermin might be noxious enough, they
would never be dangerous.—(Loud cheers.) A Reformed
House of Commons would in short realize the fable of
Agrippa, and form the belly of the body-politic, without
which the limbs could not move.—(Cheers.) The resolu-
tion was then immediately adopted.
Mr. BIGGAIt moved the fourth resolution.

" That an humble, dutiful, and loyal address be presented to
the King, praying his Majesty to exercise his Royal prerogative
to promote the grand national object of Parliamentary Reform,
and thus rescue the United Kingdom from the danger of disor-
ganization, with all its attendant miseries,"
" •

which was seconded by Mr. CIiAbIEERS, and adopted
unanimously.

Mr. HAY (Advocate) moved the address in a most able,
suitable, and impressively eloquent speech, during the
course of which he was frequently interrupted by the loud
acclamations of an attentive audience. He asked, who
were they who had destroyed their hopes ? Not the de-
scendants of the Nobility, who had wrested the people's
rights from King John and King James. No ; it was the
men but of yesterday—the boroughmongers—the traffickers
in unholy things—the buyers and sellers of the people's
rights—the declared practisers of corruption, and abettors
of slavery.—(Loud cheering.) Was it the openly pro-
fane, and the blasphemous ? N.) ; it was the fathers of
the Church—the teachers of peace, who said there
should be no peace.—(Cheers.) But the people's
cause was bottomed on the rock of justice, and would
yet stand up against the surge of oppression for ages.—
(Loud and continued cheering.) Look at the ancient
aristocracy of the country, to the wealth, talent, and pro-
perty which was for them, and compare these with the
handful which were against them, and they were as a drop
in the great ocean.—(Cheers.) Compare the talents, the
wisdom of the Grey's and the Brougisam's, with the
'puerilities of Londonderry and the buffoonery of Wetherell,
and the latter were as dust in the balance—like the dura-
tion of an hour when contrasted with eternity.—(Great
cheering.) He contended that it was impossible to look
for an efficient Reform from the opponents of the present
Ministry—and that they alone deserved the support of the
people. He warned them that their enemies were
abroad, and were anxiously hoping for the time when
their impatience might drive them to acts of outrage and
riot. Let us (said Mr. H.) disappoint them. We have
each of us in our sphere, a certain degree of influence
with our fellows, and let this influence be used to secure
the peace and tranquillity of the country, and to discounte-
nance every thing which would tend to a breach of it.—
(Loud cheers, and cries of "we will, we will.") He con-
cluded by reading the following address to the King :

ADDRESS OF THE EDINBURGH POLITICAL UNION
UNTO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
MAY IT PLEASE YOUR MAJESTY,

With the most fervent sentiments of loyalty and devotion
to your Majesty's person—wiih the most sincere admiration of;
and heartfelt gratitude for, your patriotic Government—a Govern-
ment which must, in the page of history, procure for you the
noblest of all titles, that of Father of your people—the Edin-
burgh Political Union venture to approach and at this juncture
lay at the foot of the Throne, a humble expression of their
feelings.
Ardently desiring an efficient Reform in Parliament, and un.
alterably resolved on exerting all constitutional means for its at-
tainment, the people grounded their expectation on the success
of the Bill, which, passed by the Commons, has been rejected by
the Lords. Vain would be the attempt to depict to your Majesty
the feelings of disappointment, sorrow, and indignation with
which the intelligence of the fate of the Bill in the Upper House of
Parliament was everywhere received. So imminent seemed the
peril, that the hope of a terrible crisis being averted rested solely
on the known determined patriotism of your Majesty, which no
one doubts will be displayed in such a due exertion of your Pre-
rogative, and all other constitutional means, as may lead to the
gratification of a nation's wish. To the Throne in this season of
alarm, do we look for safety, and confident do we feel that we
shall not be disappointed.
May it therefore please your Majesty graciously to adopt all
such constitutional measures, as satisfying the nation may tend
to quiet the public mind, insure the safety and prosperity of the
empire, and still more firmly establish the Throne on the surest
of all bases—a people's love, veneration, and gratitude.
Mr. SUTHERLAND seconded the address, which was
adopted with three cheers for the King, as the father of
his people.
After some other speeches, it was agreed that the address
should be presented to his Majesty by Earl Grey; and this
large and most respectable assemblage, after thanks were
voted to the Chairman, dispersed with the utmost regula-
rity and decorum.
This is the first political meeting we believe which has
ever been held, sub Jove, in this metropolis. The speeches
which were delivered, and the union and harmony which
prevailed among so vast a concourse of people, are alike
creditable to the spirit and patriotic principles of our
northern neighbours.

BURY.
(Abridged from the Bury and Norwich Post.)

On Monday last a meeting took place at the Guildhall, in this
town, convened by the Alderman, in compliance with a requi-
sition numerously and respectably signed.

Mr. JACKSON was called upon to preside, and briefly
opened the proceedings.
Mr. EAGLE said—We are met to declare whether we are
ready to support the King and his Ministers. And first as to
the King,—will you support him ?—(Cries of "We will.") If
not, I say you would deserve not to be supported yourselves;
you would deserve to remain in the hands of the boroughmon-
gers.—(Cheers.) He is not the sort of King that the borough_
mongers like.—(Laughter.) They want a sort of chairman of
their club, or captain of their gang, who, being allowed two or
three shares of the spoil, whilst they have one each, would per-
mit them to plunder the people with impunity. That is what
they would like to have, and what, if you are not true to your.
selves, they will have.—(Cheers.) And now as to the Ministers,
—will you support them ?.—(Cries of " Yes.") They have said
they will stand by the people, and by the Reform Bill and its
efficiency, as long as the people will stand by them. But they
have asked for time to mature their plans, and they exhort you,
in the mean time, to be patient and peaceable. I trust there is
no need of this caution, but at the same time I hope that a very
long prorogation will not be ventured upon. I will not be an-
swerable for the peace of the country more than a month, if
the measure should not be brought forward. Mr. Eagle pro-
ceeded to observe, that there was another question upon which
he would only touch lightly, as he wished to avoid excitement,
—namely, how far it might be deemed expedient to unmake
some of the Peers. That portion of the House which had
led him to this observation, had not to thank him but their
own votes for the agitation of the subject. He was a friend to
civil and religious liberty, but now that the Church was really
in danger from its professed friends, he would stand forward
to Reform and relieve it. The subject would probably come
under discussion, but at present he had not made up his mind
as to what course should be pursued in consequence of the
indiscreet conduct of a large portion of the Bishops.
With respect to the rest of the Peers, he knew the
value of that House, especially as a protection to the
agriculturalists against those who did not perceive the
common interest of all classes of the community. An-
other redeeming quality was to be found in the manner in
which the ancient nobility had supported the cause of the
people. At the head of the list stood the Duke of Norfolk,
who had nobly supported the cause of the people, and had per.
formed his duty in a manner worthy of the head of the illus-
trious house of Howard.—(Cheers.) He wished to avoid any
thing which might injure the cause. He hoped that whilst
there was yet time their Lordships would see the necessity of
retracing their steps, and complying with the demands of the
people, and as reasonable men he hoped the people would not
only forgive but forget. They must take care, however, lest
they should provoke the people too far, and exhaust their pa.
tience. Lord Londonderry might boast of his courage and his
disregard of death ; but if he thought proper to provoke the
people by parading amongst the assembled thousands in the
streets of London, he might meet with some one as brave, as
fool-hardy, or as mad as himself, and would have no more right
to blame the Reformers for the consequence than the man who
should thrust a red-hot poker into a barrel of gunpowder. It
was idle to boast of not being afraid. No man ought to be
afraid in a good cause, but the question was whether he ought
to be afraid. In conclusion lie would only give this advice to
the meeting, "Be firm, but temperate, and I will undertake
that the Bill shall speedily be law."—(Cheers.)
Captain CONR A Nseconded the resolutions.

Mr. ROLFE, the Recorder, fully agreed with his learned
friend as to the extreme difficulty of steering the proper course
between what might be interpreted into coolness on the one
hand, and exasperation on the other. If calm, they might be
told they were indifferent ; if warm, they were exciting to revo-
lution. It was the part of wisdom to steer between the two
extremes—to show their zeal for the constitutional accomplish.
meat of the object in view, but to treat as the worst enemy to
the cause any one who should make it a pretext for outrage and
violence.

The resolutions were then carriecl unanimously.
Mr, LEECH then, in 4 spirited speech, moved that an ad-
dress founded on the above resolutions be presented to his Ma-
jesty, and that the Duke of Grafton, the Lord Lieutenant of the
County, be requested to present the same.
Mr. CREED, in seconding the address, expressed his pleasure
at seeing a larger meeting even than the last, as it gave the lie
once more to the assertion that the people of Bury were opposed
dtoistuh.eyptihllealid
amount o' indifferent
therenttori;isrretj; which had dared to refusection. They had seen with
the wishes of fhe people. He did not mean to use the language
of intimidation, but they had a right to look into the motives of
the Peers, and the majority might easily be accounted for when
they found in the number twenty-one Bishops, and a long list of
Peers created by administrations which had deprived the
people of their just rights, such as Mr. Pitt and Lord
Londonderry. The conduct of Lord WharnelifFe, who,
after the success of his motion to throw out the Bill, had turned
round and said, 'f Now is the moment for 4eforro,,, was a
proof
that the object was not so much to get rid of the Bill as to turn
out the Ministers. The people had been set at defiance, but
they would not set the Lords at defiance; they would not use
violence against the few, for that would be cowardice; but they

would raise their voices with firmness, and they must ultimately
prevail.

Mr. ROBINSON, after some explanatory observations ex-
pressed with considerable ability, added, " If they walked
through the streets, they were told by every one that they were
certainly to have Reform now; and it was only the other day
that one of the most decided enemies of Reform in this town,
a member of the corporation, had told him that he was for open-
ing the boroughs, and for schedule A."
The address was the carried unanimously.
Mr. COATES had been a friend to Reform for 38 years—he
had begun in the cause with Earl Grey, to whom this country
was more indebted than to any man in existence, and he pro-
posed a resolution to the effect of his speech.
The resolution was carried with three cheers.

Mr. EAGLE considered it highly important that extended
meetings should take place, and he therefore asked were they
willing to hold out the hands to the farmer, and go with him
heart and hand to a county meeting.—(" Yes, yes.") He had
drawn up a resolution which he was the more anxious to press
upon them because he had been applied to from their side of the
county to ascertain the general feeling, and so far from any
thing like indifference, he had found not the slightest change of
opinion as to the necessity of supporting the Ministers. Mr.
Eagle then moved the following resolution :
" That in the opinion of this meeting the land-owner and far-
mer, the trader, the merchant, and the manufacturer, are alike
interested in promoting the success of the great measure of Par-
liamentary Reform, as the sole and sure means of restoring their
common prosperity, and that for the purpose of showing their
sense of this inseparable union of interests, by expressing their
joint confidence in the King and his Ministers, it is desirable that
a meeting of the inhabitants of the county of Suffolk should be
held without delay."
The resolution was carried by acclamation.
Mr. LEECH announced that the address would be in the hall
for signature until Tuesday evening.
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, who expressed his
satisfaction at the kind and orderly conduct of the meeting.
Mr. EAGLE then proposed three cheers for the King, three
for the Ministers, and three for the supporters of the Reform
Bill ; and, in order to get rid of their cares, three groans for
the boroughmongers ; all of which were given with due effect.
The meeting was, without exception, the most respectable
that we, or our fathers before us, have ever seen in the town of
Bury.

KILMARN 0 CK.
(From the Kilmarnock Chronicle of Tuecday.)

Saturday last was the proudest day Kilmarnock ever saw. We
had a public meeting in favour of Reform, graced by the pre-
sence of the present Magistrates, three or four of the old Bathes,
the Treasurer, and almost all of the Town Council. Saturday
was fixed for the meeting, at two o'clock, the Magistrates, and
a deputation of requisitionists marched to the newly enclosed large
green for the cattle market, and the business of the day com-
menced amid profound silence.
Mr. ROGER rose to move, that the Chief Magistrate take the
chair. He spoke as follows :
Friends, we are met upon the important and all-absorbing
question of Parliamentary Reform. We have had the extreme
pleasure of seeing a House of Commons dissolved, who were un-
friendly to our wishes ; and we see that the firmness of his Ma-
jesty and his Ministers, and the force of public opinion has given
us a House who have carried our favourite measure with a tri-
umphant majority. Upon the other hand, we have to lament
and deplore that a paltry handful of boroughmongers and
Bishops have thwarted and retarded our favourite measure ; I
say retarded, because pass our Bill must, and pass it will. The
sweetest music I weuld like to hear then would be three groans
for the Bishops.—(Three deep groans were then given.) Pa-
tience, patience, patience and perseverance, and our hopes will
be realized.

Mr. H. CRAIG—My friends we are not called upon as our
ancestors often were, to forsake our families and our homes,
and with sword in hand, to fight for our liberty ;
but we are this day imperatively called upon, by the present
emergency to rally round the throne of our beloved Monarch,
to assure him of our confidence in his zeal and wisdom, and of
our satisfaction with the conduct of his faithful Ministers; and
although the united people of Kilmarnock be but as a single
regiment on the great and glorious field of national conflict,
yet we will, I trust, prove ourselves to be a regiment of in-
vincibles.—(Loud cheering.)
Dr. REID then moved that the address to the King be read
and adopted.
The Rev. GEORGE LAWSON seconded the motion, and
spoke as follows :..-Sir, I envy not the heart that is as calm as
usual, when the peace and prosperity of a nation are so evi-
dently at stake. If the Bishops (concerning whom you have
this day so intelligibly given your opinion) the Bishops who so
generally take part with the Ministry of the day, and that for
reasons about which none probably is at a loss to judge—(A
laugh)—who know how obnoxious their order has recently be-
come, and who could not but know how much more loathsome
their late conduct would render their names; if, notwithstand-
ing all these motives to the contrary, they were so inveterately
bent against a nation's freedom, and a nation's united entreaties,
that here for once they opposed the Ministers of the Crown ;
and that in despite of Earl Grey's touching and pathetic address
to themselves in his opening speech on this great question ;
surely I, and such as I, may in a case like this appear for once
as citizens, and lend our aid, feeble as that aid may be, to the
cause of twenty millions of a patient, industrious and intelli-
gent people..--(Cheers.) Aye, twenty millions of people.
There is a fact of overwhelming importance.---(Loud cheers.)
If there was ever a period when loyalty and patriotism might be
expected to go hand in hand, this is the period. We have a
King who, instead of commencing and repairing palaces the ex-
pence of which is to be counted by millions, erects the fabric of
his safety in the hearts of a devoted people. We have a Mi-
nistry who, instead of searching out with malignant ingenuity,
every spot where they could fasten their gripe, and thence ex-
tract a tax, try to lighten the burdens imposed by former Ad-
ministrations, even though they incur the sneers of their oppo-
nents by a defalcation of revenue—and who have made it the
condition of their acceptance of office, and their continuance
in it, that they shall grant the Reform on which the heart ofthe
nation is deliberately, ardently, and immutably fixed.—(Cheers.)
One word more, and I give place to others. The question lately
was, what will the Lords do ? That question has been an-
swered, painfully, but I firmly believe not finally answered.
The question now is, what will the people do ?—(Loud cheers.)
I trust the reply is—what we are doing. They will meet—
they will show that their prayer for Reform was not a transi-
tory feeling, but a permanent ineffaceable principle ; and the
voice of the nation cannot be always unheard. Lords may be
foolish, but a nation is irresistible. A nation united, to adopt
the expressive language of a former speaker, must prove a re-
giment of Invincibles. But let the peaceableness of our de-
meanour be as marked as our firmness. Steady, calm, perse-
vering efforts, will, by the blessing of Heaven, ensure success.
For the Ruler among the nations listens to the cry of the op-
pressed, and the God of Heaven—he will prosper us.

Mr. D. R. ANDREWS then moved that the address to the
Ministry should be approved of.
Mr. COLVIL, Town Treasurer, seconded the motion. It
was also carried unanimously.
'Bailie RANKIN next moved, that the addresses should be
entrusted to Baron Kilmarnock for presentation. The an-
nouncement of the Baron's name was received with real plea-
sure ; and Mr. LOVE seconded the motion in a long and able
speech.
The gentleman who had written the requisition then pro-
posed three cheers for the most patriotic King who had ever
sat on the throne. Not a voice was dull. Three other cheers
were then given to Lord Grey and the Ministry—and the meet-
ing broke up, all truly satisfied with the proceedings ; the
Tories, if there were any, truly dismayed.

AYR.
(From the Kilmarnock Chronicle of Tuesday.)

No sooner did intelligence reach Ayr of the disgraceful ma-
jority which had thrown out the Reform 13ill in the House of
Lords, than they determined to come forward and show their
unabated desire that this great measure should be carried by
petitioning his most gracious Majesty to continue his patriotic
efforts by retaining his present Ministers in his confidence, and
dismissing from his Councils all who have shown themselves
hostile to the welfare of the nation.

A requisition was addressed to the Provost, who immediately
complied with the request, and called a public meeting of the
inhabitants on the 12th instant. By eleven o'clock the Court
House was crowded by gentlemen, and inhabitants of our
gude town.
Mr. ANNESLEY proposed that the Lord Provost should
take the chair.

This motion was carried by acclamation.
Mr. FULARTON proceeded to the chair, and when the
cheering had subsided, addressed the meeting.—" Gentlemen
and fellow citizens (he said), I shall not go into the merits or
demerits of the Reform Bill. It has been brought forward by
the liberal and enlightened Ministers of the Crown, and passed
its severest ordeal in the House of Commons ; although it is
notorious to all of us that many, very many of the seats in that
House were considered as the private property of Peers and
rich Commoners—although we know that a stipulated price was
paid for them, and the return of a number conditionally se-
cured for a sum of money, as if the power of voting away the
public funds was the mere appendage to some title or estate,
and that the family possessing the one had an undoubted
right to dispose of the other. But enough of this. The
system is too rotten for us, and our representatives have
therefore nobly passed a Bill for its amendment; but this Bill
has for the present been defeated by a majority of the Lords.
Now, I should like to ask what privileges of that noble body
which we respect, and wish to respect under the Constitution,
are sought to be either destroyed or impaired, unless it is the
right (an absurd, unjust, and unconstitutional one) of naming
to, or selling seats in the House of Commons, fly the law of
the land, the Lords have very little to do with money bills, or
voting the supplies; and yet they seek now to arrogate to them-
selves the right of interfering in these matters against every
principle of justice.—(Cheers.) The representatives of the
people alone are the sworn guardians of the people's rights, and
of the public purse, and for Peers or others to interfere with
seats in the House of Commons, is alike unconstitutional and
unjust. But I have no doubt but that you will soon be cheered
with the sound of your victory—the success of the Reform Bill
becomeF
u Dr.l l a onansaAt Ca. to ofParliament,
in i
d continued
ua e
dn d land. fir
tWHITESIDE rose to propose the resolutions to the
meeting.---In moving the Addresi, he said I have now the
honour of proposing to you, the presenting an Address to our
patriotic King, praying him to continue his confidence in Mi-
nisters, and to dismiss from offices of trust and power, all who
used their influence or gave their votes against the Reform Bill.
Dr. Whiteside then sat down amid loud ; cheers and it having
been discovered that the Court-house was not large enough to
accommodate the meeting, upon the motion of Convener 3111-

wraith, the whole retired to the -square in front of
Dr. TAYLOR, in seconding the resolutions,
Whiteside, spoke nearly as follows :-Gentlemen,

your attention to the circumstances which have

gether at this moment, and state some of the evils
we labour. The infamous and unprincipled intitic
tious aristocracy, or, (to use the words of a writer
" of a Heaven born race of hereditary Solons,"

`the House of Commons to the rank of minions or

their vices, or their avarice, and left the country e
unrepresented, or so inadequately so, as to call lo

form. That call has been shouted from north to

answered from the east and from the west ; it was
the breeze through every valley, and echoed from each
brow, till it wrung in the startled ears of those who
draining the resources of the country, and ro'
their fancied security. They sought to check it,
every art to smother it, nothing was thought .
could help to drown it; and they fondly imagined
they had plunged the nation into debt, and '

principle of the Constitution in the dust, that their
was attained. Vain thought! by slow and silent, but
certain steps, the nation was advancing in know'
effort against the tree of liberty only seemed to
to its growth ; hydra-like it reared a hundred heads
one they crushed, and became at length, as it 16
powerful for resistance. In this state of affairs
(may Heaven reward him for his effcrts, and show,

blessings on his gallant heart,) determined to r
rights; but, (oh monstrous anomaly in the
tury !) a paltry and insignificant set of men, west
numbers and in intellect, have dared to place ".

opposition to the wishes of a country to whose
ance of wrongs endured, they were indebted for

istence—have dared to withhold the rights of 1.
their fellow-countrymen—because, forsooth, the
would deprive them of privileges which they -
have acquired by honest means, and directly at
with the welfare of the nation ; wise neither by
nor anticipation, they array themselves against
people and a generous Monarch, and seek with
hands to cast a firebrand amid a peaceful community
ated, ignorant, or guilty fools, they have by this

deeper at the root of their disgraceful constitution
ages of lesser infamy could have achieved ; and
day, we may fondly hope, when the culpable absurdi‘
tary Legislators shall cease to exist, and leave either
Peerage, or sweep them at once from the Constitution.
those fat and comfortable Lords, professing themselves
advocates of the Christian religion, and bringing
into disgrace by every crime that pride or avarice
the country will not forget them; the keen eye of rell
justice shall mark their career—soon shall they be &Mel
situations they never should have filled—and the p 1 pt
once knew them shall know them no more on earth' ste
me for engrossing so much of your time, and bear
hied'
a few moments, while I presume to give you the r
#4,
vice of one associated with you in this noble cause,
~..%":040'
interested in your welfare. Thank the Commons —r00,,,,
King—entreat Ministers to be firm—deluge the House.4o!
if you will, with addresses; pile them load on load ;OP,
benches, till sinking under the expression of that opin'tbe,,r
they dared to say existed not, they expire in the sentilorio
disgraced; do this, 'tis well, 'tis right, but descend
of violence and riot, at once cowardly and impolitic; 4
because you know you are the strongest, and in:VOA
you would thus be placing a weapon in the hands oil, r.
saries, with which to defeat your cause.—(Mr. TAP"
to;
amid long continued cheers.)
The address being again read over by Mr. Hugh
of the meeting, was unanimously approved of.
Mr. ANNESLEY—The constitutional measure Dt°7oos
ward by Ministers has been delayed for a time by the 0
of two parties in the House of Lords, on whose IneVl
be unnecessary for me to distant at any great length';
pecially as I might be unable to find terms sufficientnoteso6ollll
characterise their conduct.—(Cheers.) First and f
defence of the corruption on which they so long ha 7,017,0
behold the bench of Bishops.—(Down with them.) fel
teachers of morality, pampered on half the earnings°oorell
trious and almost exhausted nation, distinguished
their double-chinned and corrupt practices, profess :0
followers of a Master who, whilst endued with a l°:,;i
took care on every occasion to set an example of abst`-00
and humility for the imitation of his disciples. I°,,lied
their actions coincide with the doctrines expou°
master they profess to imitate ? Wherein consists 1." I/
,piousness—where their humility ? They must git:e
these great virtues themes to be expatiated on in A.
Far, very far are they from practising what they Pace
of modern creation—the mushrooms of t 3
House—are the other party who have succeeded for des
depriving the people of their rights. I cannot conc.:,
tlemen, without expressing my most hearty concurre
spirit of the address we have this day determined to P
his Majesty.—(Loud cheering.) Mr. An
Convener M'ILWRAITH, after secondingt
help co
motion, which he did most cordially, could n°
lating them on the marked change of character and risini
t
of the sons of Scotland—a spirit that he trusted no despo
t°
—no future Castlereagh system would ever be able
Too long had the people of Scotland submitted to the r),d
ing exclusion from all those political privileges enjoyed:o'e
fellow-citizens in England and Ireland. There was
way we could ruin our cause—to have recourse to viol
.11
riot. He trusted their good sense would prevent thenlio
having recourse to such a disgraceful proceeding. trythat attempted such a thing should be put down as 3_,40
the cause, and a disgrace to his country. Once
friends, be firm, patient, and persevering. If neces'"l;,,
7
tinue to load the tables of Parliament with your Pet" tor
addresses. Then, as sure as the sun shines in heaven';{
tory is yours. No earthly power can ultimately prevenvelso
On the motion of Mr. P. COWAN, seconded by Mr.
thanks of the meeting were given to Provost Foliar'''. 01
prompt and ready assent to the wishes of the people'
for his able conduct in the Chair.
The Address was signed by the greater number of
sons present, and now lies for signature. th°9l‘
On the motion of Dr. Whiteside, Mr. Anneslek
Taylor, respectively, three cheers were given to th%o
his Ministers, and to the Member for this burgh, and
Chairman. Cheers were also given to the movers and
of the several motions, and to Mr. Oswald.

NORTH SHIELDS.
Do,
(Abridged from the Northumberland AdvertiscrofW"
Pursuant to requisition, a public meeting of the Ito,
of North Shields took place in the George Tavern, 011.1004
evening, at six o'clock, in order to manifest their:f
fervent loyalty to their patriotic King, and to WI 0,0,
that he would retain his present excellent Ministry'
such constitutional measures as should ensure the r,
and conservative Bill of Parliamentary Reform P°loo/
law.—H. MITCALFE, Esq., in the chair.
The Rev. W. H. STOWEL—Mr. Chairman and 00101,
we are convened for the purpose of beseeching bill,ecti
use every constitutional means of securing the ob'
Reform Bill. That measure has now become absoint, try
sary, not more for the security of the people's nigh
the conservation of the ancient institutions of ~
Gentlemen, it would have been highly becoming ter
the House of Lords to pursue the examination
portant subject with the respect which its high trgiOr:
dation and its intrinsic merits alike deserved ; It•C
House has rejected the Bill without fairly dise°-;
tails in Committee, it is certainly not too much
lishmen to say that they have received the int%oooi,
indignation ! A man must feel indignant at seeill.h ji`
deed ever done by human governMent treated Wi":,,b1901
A man must feel indignant to see the boon IniLd
spectfully prayed for in the wishes of a wealthy
community, flung back upon them in disdain ! Ijotrl
men, it is not the indignation of the passions tours efer,
but the indignation of the judgment towards tbe,-stirt/
the indignation of the opposition to authorities, injtill
nation of true independence and genuine loyalty.
mot r.,4
I am called on to move a resolution in which I pace_4l,;
concur. We are invited to express our NO.-301
firmness and patriotism of the King. I always foci jref'f4
Mr. Chairman, to speak well of dignities, and fir,
authorities of our established Government ; but,llll4
now pronounce the name of our present patriotic
emotions of heartfelt admiration. Gentlemen, ite,4ooe,
duty to recommend to the consideration of this 01.0tai0
measures which I consider best calculated for lets
peace and tranquillity of the empire. Gentleine",
calm ; let us be composed, but, at the same tits
fi rm.—(lmmense applause.) lot Pee
Mr. D. E. STEPHENS said it had fallen this ,roto'o,l
'
the motion proposed by the Rev. Gentleman. .00 00
the legislation were in their favour, and the fse.tr:js of ifi!
of the other third must soon follow. Two•rhi Aseln'A
were
ess
eyteirowedn
answered,
achieved
has
iiheda:ledlyou
ot
t_ms.laitsaolnl
owhthafiNoc'erh
aynoliuher rpeci hptisocri:l:)4'
iyill! and God only can foresee the issue. '-dpriohoO
him to say; this advice, and this only, huertlueledi:grle'ld,
temper their indignation with charity, and. e
moderation. 'OO,IA
flatcEieN, rhiaSt°tlNle Lordsrema
The CHAIRMAN then read the first resointi
prima
carried unanimously. s,ave
Mr.
thisdPit cey
contained any thing touching the Peerage, ha he Ogle,
some plan for remodelling the House of Lords'„tut as rwkoeduldthnaot
say they might uncourteously have rejected it ; rou je;
Bill which had nothing whatever to do lyirh the
use,
tbe44,
after it had so triumphantly passed the People's H
ot P'"
of Commons, he must confess that he was "°fitstf
the shock which he received on the intelligence °
If, however, matters were examined more cloself,
not be surprised at the vote which had been given 011;),
part of these Lords had been nursed in pride anourAi
ness, and they knew comparatively little of the 'no preredi
the middling class. In 1794 upwards of 100 Pee oiplo2
to the House, and the first Earl of Lonsdale ".s-rtniiCh
made a Peer by Pitt, and doubtlega helid464..igased'
strength of Iby boroughs P°'-troied,„
ecnfilibriuni of the House of Peers was thus de! f reer,o
therefore becomes necessary to create another ser one,'
torneejecwtould
would support the Whig principles. There vv
hod i!
subject he would mention, but on which he 0%0e:0Y
gret. He alluded to the vote which the 13i5h017400,40
eventful night, and he was sorry to think th3t tIL, of 9-
21 Bishops had clon more injury to de elitirerieet....oi
than all that was either spoken or written on the s7t, 01'01
Mr. CHILD—Mr. Chairman, the stinginglpsue fr°
working classes of England last week reee,

kr. s,r
kith,
hic•
tezi
*44100.
Sao

nsfi:etrtvpan:ru,soivtr,yl:efoe.ornpohtettericbeadialoendtsedfh::::',
~.ais'esrdritdsoat,e;l4,o,l7rerifeSes,procetit.rickipeetirefiiii
all loudil • triouqe
rth to '
t was ' ' u>dlook
nn each
se who 2, ,;44841,
roused ." Ia
rhal 4, 4
ey
t
et
h
r
l head' Ed "h,_hoble
hoirnh:shlhonlrei,:egrtese°:,lfalatiyWiWpinrtavirPatidtttfrtnt:aeh:rnhhedidcihneeeecw,edgerertnibtisiceoenerei:t'l.ti_;-10‘2tk7ve'wh'14'ella'48v44:1:51te:his°1:14eti:ira:lt:tle'llinwvotehtlr'se'leri.e.,aeletilhitii,i1
d
el
ctly at and
by 0 itiel ,1
1
igainst $ c 7.1
k with 4° spoke
munitY• 4 ,
cb
is very a, I.ll,aeec
rgmlydtsatii:utirnts:nrduiegocene:t,ifyriitbt...dooet:als::

of the

Mr. Any
t help co

and risini~

nodopot
c able 10,1
to the tin
611)I
enjoY
re WaS pet'
to vjOle p
it theTml
101
gin as
Dnce agvl
unr eepeesi;;tt
h eav en, .1:
• prev y9*
y. Mr.
•unartomod
people,

)er of

stsl,
to the
1, and :;ec)
rs and

kv LIVERPOOL ELECTION.
ttet'llap,
-

it Is'.oft
41n,a.t
ir,t let 0' IP,
oer,
time?

lot t°:;',V,l
11.1,0,,t0v1.
otiou'of 00110
iirds
.rijejoeo
re'PQtl7ol_,
go":
Dow' 0)e?
gicezol
the"
tien'

i ove
that
is oi°'nth
ad it
then re
it
but
leir Ptj,e7j

iot Pr';eje:,l
of
the) rti
;cl9, A
iven-
and
mor,cre
,ers
as 4KI, 011
TilVcc4
'Os
lestro
,t of
orric`eol
,s'tic3bed
O
ne
gay:
of
°if Pi
s fro
ups vi
ive4

iof'bes of the boroughmongering Lords, call for something,
LY. stro
fig, and decisive—something to allay the rising tu-
P.Pular indignation. The working classes, Sir, have
by Lord Harrowby as unfit to judge of political
e the working classes of this country like the
and uneducated rabble of Spain and Portugal ?
lye our Peers given that the divinity of wisdom
in them ? Was it the denunciation which
last week uttered against the Press ? " That
as he styles it, " not satisfied with assailing your
sent forth its venomous slanders against an H.
of high rank, and would to God that he (Lord
sew who the vile defamer was—would to God he
anonymous libeller in the face—he, an humble
not hesitate to say that the cowardly de-
not live to utter forth another vile slan-
heroic froth, Mr. Chairman, a specimen of
our House of Lords ? Are these the men
Harrowby said, are first schooled in the
.dons before they enter the more dignified man-
Louse of Lords ? Are these the men who sit in the
live House of the greatest commercial country
, and who must have the power delegated to
souse proper persons for the :second ? A truce to
Methinks, when Fortune favoured such men
'loud, it had been well had she bestowed on them
But we will tell this Lord Harrowby that the
le present day are not merely the poor of the
realth, the property, the population, and much of
of this country. Who are those five hundred
Welfare is to be consulted before four times as
of the people? Have all their blood mantled
line of ancestry ? Is that hoary enemy of the
.icularly to the people of this town, to be ranked
race as this ? The man whose grandfather rowed
own Tyne—the grandson of a skipper, and who
cradled in Sandgate, and educated in a charity
•11 a man as this to taunt us about being low_
ly bred, and unfit to judge of political measures ?
Men, I say then, let Lords be the fashion I
',MAN said, that the speech of the gentleman
fully gave the lie to those who said that the
were uneducated.
resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
:E read the third resolution, and remarked, that
opinion of the passing of the Bill that he clung
last. He could not suppose that the Lords
'wise as to reject it ; for it was calculated not only
state generally, but them in particular.
WRIGHT seconded the resolution, which
imously. A vote of thanks was then given to
after which, three cheers having been given to
Earl Grey, the meeting broke up.

MARY L.EB ONE.
liiraerous and respectable meeting of the inhabitants
'le
bone to form a National Union for the " Mainte-
,
order, and the protection of property, and to
,ent Reform in Parliament," Dr. John Gordon
Chair, a resolution was passed unanimously, ex-
ralty and gratitude for the patriotic conduct of his
it the same time declaring that the meeting was
Pprehensions and misgivings." Mr. Webb, who
resolution, was much cheered for saying, "the
`teir rights, and will have them, and will neither
ies to beat them, nor the Whigs to betray them."
)lotions, to the effect that " Every man has the
his own instructor in religion, and ought not to
pay for that which he does not require," and that
ihould take the earliest opportunity of imploring
to remove the Bishops from the Upper House of
rere carried by acclamation.

CONTESTED MAYORALTY.
the last day of polling, a most unexpected move-
le by those who do not wish to see the Lord Mayor
:he Court of Aldermen. To the surprise of the
Lord Mayor, multitudes began to crowd to the
to for Alderman Thompson and Sir Peter Laurie,
for Alderman Thompson alone. The object of
re was, it was stated in the Guildhall, to place
'Quipson at the head of the poll, in order that the
lermen might have some excuse for fixing the
in that gentleman, on the pretext of the majority'of
little after three o'clock the following numbers
ed
Thompson
ile Lord Mayor 0,5646.4
2,463
Laurie
Waithman 34
`ENS came forward to addres the Hall, which was
led. No gratification could, he said, exceed that

lc friends of Reform had received on the present
"le 4.,
4 felt quite delighted to see that the Livery so far
to 144.-0
the nature of the contest, that when they saw the
/144.-WeVectable an individual as Alderman Thompson at
hZthe poll, they cheered with as much enthusiasm as
°f the Lord Mayor appeared in its wonted place.-
4„44,0')). The Court of Aldermen would, he believed, ac-
c. 144,....ii°bday to the wishes of the Livery, by fixing upon
a"t Chief Magistrate. —(Here there was considerable
t.Ntu4 ene corner of the Hall.)—He begged that the Livery
417Leittt the little uproar, as it p
t.,lveluded___ proceeded from a few of
Who ctoc:d in need of meical sistance.
by expre.,sin' a strong reliance ante
.spirit of
lery, if they g
eY were a- sin rovoked by the rejection of the
ii),:k_aYor---(Cheers• )
A, It I ,
"..8 PEARSON came forward amidst loud
4iltiven "e Livery would, he said, recollect the pledge he had
4',4 He had declared' that in future he should play Mr.
.;ti4iteeharacter he found quite within his line in the present
ISTl,Btate of his feelings at the state of the poll. His
Rql oiend (Mr. Stevens) had intimated, that to please the
rot„ Aldermen, the candidates to be returned to their
til!ttr, Were obliged to change places. He supposed that the
tZtika*e directed by the rule of contraries, as witches said
vZil Yet's, backwards ; and that, according to their arith-
for.t.43llZe44,l4ll-ary, those who had the smallest number of
majority of votes, and Sir John Key was there-
'q to the Mayoralty.—(Cheers.) The Aldermen. he
fig tmhett'bid not continue to fence with their straws against
'lll‘tltkl:,f,..,tbe Livery, nor urge on a contest which must end
ptik.,'m by bmst injurious separation.—(Cheers.) He con-
Zttht-'°ving thanks to the City Members who had sup_
't elaitri of the Livery, &c.
.11then adjourned.

a second edition of Gore's Liverol Ad ve,
hAt's Thursday afternoon, containing anpo
account of
rehrgs that morning on the nomination
.of two candii
airAin far es,,,enting the town of Liverpool, which,at presen
th. 1144 the '`ember in the House of Commons N'k., e have not
1141,1.,,etar,,sPeeches, nor, indeed, is there any thinn them
j4;i5hP0,,,,,, Particular notice. Both the candidates, Lord San-
t
11 s.thrZeer,, and seconded by Messrs. Lawrence and blocs), and
re.me„ ), (I,roposed and seconded by Messrs. decidedly and
th't °fp! deformers ; but the latter speaks more.
prq"e Bill than his Noble rival; added to which, he
feiWest elisions to support on the fact of his being, as a mer-
its, R 4114 tted t
Q„ 0 represent a great commercial town.
roa.l.l:lexf,'s opinions of Reform may be gathered from the
prantiOlie.'aet of his speech :
Itillit.`,*hi,,-,sedthat there was not one leading feature. in that
114,70 ak‘ottg.ead not been fully admitted during the discussion
th,littee,_liu."2l)s by most of its leading opponents. He alluded
411,740-,..arge-," et. nomination boroughs and the enfranchise.
Its,'Llk-414Wris, and a liberal extension of the elective frau-
An- ,;'itnac,just consideration of property, education, and
Itri7e th`,`. now in regard to the Bill, he, Lord Sandon,
th44lo"t withe liberty of asserting, that he believed . he had
lidt/)e tha Man of at sense, honest and decided Rctormer a
did not admit there were considerable errorsin
toti7, Cosne,n) Still the House of Lords should have
tt-Jectr,...ittee, and then they might have given to
t, a full and deliberate consideration. The
hot however, confidence-rand just confidence
5rte„444,11 intentions of Ministers on that question,
emiwoUld not admit that there was what some An 1-
rattl.seet.,7 a d.. 9 a re-action in public opinion, yet he
.did think
*lO as to pause and give such consideration to the
h- kill; result in a measure e. Ruallt efficient and satis-
h‘eth.td e feeling, and tranquillize hose apprehensions
efLthfriere Led so fatal to the late measure. The general prin.
dj vin thAnbiletlded to, are those properly before us, and to
feeling is attached: the details, and the means
4
" -lit into operation, are better left for Parliamentary
le)to
44,verlti extract from Mr. Thornely's address will explain
seleasen e
I ?, -a long since as May last, I tendered to
,you, by
eat•vass the principles and the sers!k,es f
Ur,",d4ti.L) tte the hono'ur of representing you in Parliament,
eta-4 tVet gr. eed forward then as I stand forward now, on
qied Prey-4,nds • the first of these is, that from my youth
lOretle.'tielldto% Ihave been a steady, consistent, and de_
tefnlitts."as Pep 'erm.—(Cheers, It needed not whether that
tt. 4111;.- ah lar or unpopular—whether it was supported by
fortto -h! eer•l'ved by Alinisters—whether the Cabinet was a
fo,-,refeine, ineti-reforming Cabinet, for its only recommenda-
lar.'''.4oleutlenasee or out of season, was the principle, and
veers, men, lam now as I have been, a friend to Re.
%Oh... Verity ,ifk Bill had lately passed the Commons
.by a
Reh,"9, th"atiaii ~.hat Bill, Gentlemen, delighted the British
litoeN e 1-leo the country but 1 regret to say it was thrown
lhehkitien' that el
9f Lords by a majority of 41 —(Cheers.) But,
44„,!)) G_ must be persevered in.—(Cheers and dissap.
+4.segeatioeritlem,
r, there is one point decided on, and it is
ht fortheerie 4 .er voting must be as low as ten pounds rent.—
te ten.gand cries of " No, no." " Too low.") I stand
14.0 atgl,iapumnd qualification—(Great cheering)—and if you
14 '1 le co franchise, embracing all above it. you. will. pos..
Ra th nstit
et". uency—such an one as the most distinguished
lechY ke II lighter would feel proud to represent.—(Great cheer.
;It e•
Gentlemen, I regret the rejection fifth e Bill
osigee • rds ; but it now, in consequence of that re-
hini)...-Pa r2mPerative opeednist to prorogue Parliament
'4lately `-asseroble it ly in order that the Bill may
14vtts t- l'aued—(Cheers.)

111
illort of'--1100L REFoRm MEETING,—In our'
lioll'itd.vee
arth:.Reforin meeting at Liverpool, on_
J N EDEN
QtltitOr, informed that the name of Mr. oii.the 1 2th
11.4kitt 48 Introduced by mistike into the list of the
4 ee' and we now rectify the error.
e Ilt L Pp
k-kETA I- —OF NAPOLEON BY HIS PRIVATE
Vl• ith -thir. M. Bouanixistsx.—The new Edition of the
h,e ot,b, roan9aion of this authentic and interisting wo.rk,
415t0,„.,,tne which liirnishas a complete and
! 4,:, u_E he ulost extraordinary character of modern time.,
cminite:l
tilli'rd toped c rd..Y. for delivery at the various
.booksellers T. tuiv.in,
lioses.,,ois. Y
dTI This .Inew edition, which is c.ointiris_e_abeil.
th:e'l witty naonlespsuthi ished at a very low price., is em
resentinz
414 pact Important than seventeen engravin,gs, 11 P
and
ft illntor_, scenes of NAPOLEON carer, .is
e 111 aln,o u" by explawritory and corroborative notes
tf:Nerin 'ltt 9 other recent historians of importance, thus
44 the% l?'? edition unique and infinitely more valuable
q Okrter ti:gcloona: Paris Edition in ten volumes, and at one

- ropuiar i
▪ La. , • dem r
ave bees,
b,
vile under .estrid:,_ Are t
luence °is at th.L'`'l and
iter of di alone centred
have
had .rd I,;entred
.s or P fidel Prn„,,cbilse hi
al
Ty either .rdsbi as I
it loudly • triousil' has sei
th to ' inchdieeroale of
was ' ' 100 ea)
m each 'ividusi '"e an
e who
the r did
ousel rnv a." isu°4l, d !I(
t, theY svisd: has hi
Lt a crilasA ou;
gined •
of
'
of r,l-4rd I
traroPl' rdfornmoc
ieir inf A t tteb "ouse
t r Pres,
ent, h° the w utativ
lowledgei era to °r id, any
add nen ch f;,„, choose ,
beads fd ith I;leries
sit is ire° •le Mead,
a patrintY or:tellects.
ers
iower its " bat
of the I
'estore OA% e the weal
nineteeinOrds blood of
sis jack, ' whose
I, We th kilt Wel
• then.V9)
patieo. f4igh ,)°, Of
long lii
T their Y"tnotig4klPartict
fr.
eedr. tkeel etch a race
these -411 h• our
44 elf "
ley nevero°l? , oradl,
tly at it',l4 and ,is such
✓ by %eh 18"obly
• Th be th
;ainst 3 e e roe
; with 'IAIRm
aunitY•aa• k
spot
0.. tfi
; very ▪ The es classes
v,„
tion than bur. :kcal(' res(
I not di rur,, PENcE
,urdisy of it to Ict aa his opi
ither - hald Isle* very la
144,0 unwis
nselves nre t the stab
jag that es-riAlderman
arise Ceara rsabi,
•e
drat'ofei kin; art,
be
.As , and Ear
the lot- •
earth.,
ear Wird 7,14:1,b0nier,„,,
he ' NcsrYlebo--
ause, P7tio 'isk cf good 'le
ms 0(
141 A 44i efhele°lll
000 , Sin the Ch
d It g "
103 glty „ LOyalt
at oPinod v! hut t
e seat', to kvrol `tAorst
end o' "spl, LUX& (-PI
otitis ; v, "o,v their
)„,, the Toy ell.
ds,roafyl:• 1, Itlit'kber re i"
is, to solnt
itituklielle7e hi
lugh g
o 1111!eling °
Ar I`%slattire to
are brcur
our r wer
)), the .ts
,e oretiocre Prltr.
engtiv C
cientq
00,01 day,ter
the
and f' raLsras
made
ve reN, b acle b
g ha _At y th
17"10, NI, e
3') ofd the to Lo
jags
th• aoro vote
shed 4 v
,fens 41/411larkeu-wv_for
a buroin! Cso„u•rkire
f absteolv 114 i". Of 'cm]
de.
kitss!alt Ldern
de. I A t
s°t.ut:tbeir At tti-4t a litr
'Played
ist surclips'
• lit e Thor
; in The
Laur
; of • tile of br• STWait
d for , lY EN
is
conchir„' cvided.
currence 4isiob.e civic I
XI to Pr -"erttob, He fe
