GLOUCESTER ELECTION.

TO THE FREE AND INDEPNDENT ELECTORS OF T°
CITY OF GLO'UCESTER. ,ed
Gentlemen,—ln acknowledging the rcceipt of a requisition, signed
et-
a very large number of the most influent.'al electors of
pressive of an earnest hope, that I would allow
'myself to be put in rativ_.
m
nation at the approaching election, allow eto as:wre
you of the F
the confidence Y
oe"
cation I feel at the proof which it conveys to me of.
repose in me Cs a public man.
„kging
If I consulted my own ease and comfort, I should decline
the repose of private life for the excitement and turmoil inscparaNe"Pid
political conflict ; but the pressing solicitations of so many of Itt3r
and tried friends have, on the present occasion, induced me to abantiv
'
my own indinations, r the sake of the cause with which my liar" 11l
fo
been so long identified in your city. your cityo,
My political opinions are already too well known, to require ext 43.
nation.
I will never consent to be returned to Parliament fettered by Pledg
of tiny description ; but in regard to a measure which has latterly .c`„
;';
pied tie minds and engaged th a sympathies of the most hum,ne Pert!t_
of the Briih public, I would remind the friends of the negroes t 691 f
during the who!.9 of my Pailimnentary career, I ever proved 01
the enemy of slavery all its shapes ; and I have no objection to a_
dare my opinion, that that most miserable portion of our fellTe
creatures, the negroes in our West India Colonies, are held, at t
present moment, under the name of apprenticeship, in a state of crue
m

bondage. 1
Having thus respnndal to the call thrt has been made upon 1-11-,c,
must leave the cause in your hands ; and, with hearty wishes for a

cessful result to your efforts,

I have the honour to remain, Gentlemen,
Yours, very faithfully,
EDWARD WE".

Harley May 17, 16:S.

At a meeting Of the Anti. Slavery Committee held this day it was
resolved—
in the prosecution of their righteous ptUPI
" That this Comtn;ttee,
to obtain the immediate
the British Colonies, feel bo7
emancipation of our negro fellow subjects:;
und to use its best endeavours, irresPect.%
of mere party considerations, secure at the coming election the retor"
of that candidate whose views are most in accordance with their owl' 09
to
this great question ; and as Colonel Webb has now become a candida.
for the reprcsent,tion of this city pallliament, this Committee feels
the
self bound to declare that the sentiments; ontained in his address
subject of negro apprenticeship, in connesltion with his highon
cbi
racier and his uniform and consistent opi.'osition to slaver';
perfectly satisfactory, as containing (though not a distinct Picdge)„,„
sufficiently explicit assurance that he will rote for immediate ernaric;`; i 0
tion. Under these circumstances, the Anti-Slavery Committee fee
hesitation in declaring, that, in their opinion, Cotalel Webb 1)0
strongest claims to the support of the Friends of the NiTra
(Signed) ISAAC COOk12:, Secretary
Committee Room, May 18, 1838.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
Captain Berkeley has retired from Gloucester, rather than. gis'e ogi
pledge to voto for the immediate extinction of the hateful systeird
Negro Apprenticeship. He will not, he says, go to Parliament fette.
and pledged. The question of Abolition at this moment is simPlYtistho
Is it to rob half a million of the subjects of Great Britain °. I
rig.,teous recompense due to their labour—to abridge their Pers:
liberty, and expose (hem to atrocious cruelty The man whose 'lido
arc so obscured as to render him unable to decide in an instant this P,D'i
question of justice to a deeply.fnjured race, or who is so " fettercl:qlge
pose at whose mercy he holds his place, as not to dare to give g
upoz. a moral question of right and wrong, is disqualified for the!eltaio
gmtation of a Christian community, and deserves the fate which C,3P of
Berk-eley has realized at the hands of the conscientious electOr*
Glouceter.
