I E_NLNG EDITION.

sergeant, that is, a man with a red coat, amongst the
ge nteenen opposed to the mob. This was before the
firing : they tired, and the men with the pikes began
to tear down the windows. Bslieves that he himself
was wounded by one of the mob, and n of by a shot
from the Westgate. If he knew that there would
have been bloodshed, he would not have gone there at
all. Had been in confinement ever since he had
been wounded. Knew nothing of the prisoner,
and did not see him there. Knew nothing of' the Char-
tists. The only ballot he knew of was balloting for a
good name ; and as to Annual Parliaments, all that he
knew was that pensions were to be paid.—(Laughter.)
Was no spokesman, but took a pint of beer ; and the
only speech he made was to answer to his name. Several
told him that those who could not go to Newport would
stand in danger of their lives. Has heard of Chartist
lodges for females, but knew nothing of them. Has
stood in the dock before now, and been tried, but was
not set at liberty immediately afterwards. Was eight
weeks in gaol ; that was for stealing coal.
Re-examined—The value of the coal he stole was
not more than three halfpence. That happened six or
seven years ago. Saw the soldiers in the Westgate
Inn almost immediately, but he believes it was not till
the firing begin. He saw the soldier holding the door
against the mob, with the rest that were in. Believes
that he was examined the very day he was wounded.
He was then so ill he could hardly speak.
James Hodges, examined by the Solicitor-General—
His evidence has already been published in full. He
deposed to the conduct of Frost on the night of the in-
surrection, and as to his being told that Zephaniah
Williams was to meet them with 5,000 men, and Jones,
the watchmaker, with 2,000 to go down to Newport.
He added, that when he got home the morning after
being out with Frost's men, he made his wife put back
the clock, and then getting into bed, sent his wife for
Mary Jones (a witness examined on behalf of Frost) in
order that she might prove that he was in bed. She
did so, and showed to Mary Jones that he was in bed,
and he pretended to be asleep.
Cross-examined by Mr. Thomas—He was counted a
Tory and a spy, because upon one occasion he had told
the Chartists that if they wanted to exclude from sign-
ing their petition his master and other gentlemen of
property, and that if they would have a petition
only of the working classes, such a petition would
be nothing better than an old rag. He was often
after that called a Tory and a spy. In the Black-
wood he shortly before the 3d of November met a man,
whom, as he was dressed like a gentleman, and spoke
well, he believed to be a delegate. That man said to
him that the men would come down from the hills, and
sweep their valleys like moths before the sun. He was
told that the man with the glazed hat was called Rey-
nolds. It was Harris the (the witness) who told him
so. He knew nothing of Williams the prisoner being
with the mob that night ; but heard them say that he
was. [The deposition of the witness made before the
Magistrate was here read for hime While it was read-
ing he said that there was one mistake in it. He had
not sworn that Mr. Frost had des:red the wood to be
scoured ; but the mob wanted it to be scoured, and Mr.
Frost would not let it be done.]
On his re-examination he said that he met a man
named Thomas, about ten o'clock in the morning of the
4th of November, near to his own house.
John Harford was next examined by the Solicitor-
General, and deposed to the same effect as on the trial
of Mr. Frost, giving the particulars of his being forced
out of his house, and compelled to go with the mob,
carrying a sword ; in consequence of which he was taken
into custody.
In his cross-examination he said that he had been a
Chartist for a month or two, or something like that.
He had paid half-a-Crown, at the utmost, and not for
a ticket, as the tickets were net so dear there as at other
places. He believed he had paid it towards a petition
that the poor people might have a little more money, as
he believed that they had not enough. He did not
know that the principles of the Chartists were Annual
Parliaments, or vote by Ballot. It was nine months
or more since he had been to a Chartist lodge. He
would swear that he did not know who were the people
who came and compelled him to bring the sword. He
knew nothing of female Chartist lodges. He believed
he was with the mob from six in the evening until the
morning, when he left them at the Welsh Oak and went
to Cefn, where he made his escape. His sword he sent
home by a hollier about eight o'clock in the morning,
from a public-house at Risca, to which he went after
having made his escape from the mob, having left them
at Cefn and the Welsh Oak. He believed it was
as near as possible to four in the morning when he
reached Cefn with the mob. When he went away, and
left some behind him at one in the morning at the Welsh
Oak, he proceeded towards Cefn in the direction of
Newport, with a part of the mob, and between that and
the Welsh Oak he made his escape to a corn-shed,
about four o'clock in the morning. He was so ill at
the Union workhouse, from the cold and the wet, that
he received on that night, that he was like many other
people in the world—it was like a man making his will.
Ho did not mean that he was, like others, in danger of
losing his life for breaking the law, for he did not break
the law.
Re-examined by the Solicitor-General—He did not
know who were the poor people in particular for whom
the petition was to be prepared, in order that they might
have more bread. He understood them to be the poor
people who wanted victuals, and were begging about. It
was Mr. Frost he heard speak of that. What he had
heard of the Charter was, that the people had had a
good charter once in that neighbourhood, but had lost it.
They had been been going well up to the time when
Mr. Frost spoke to thm, and did them injury.
To Mr. Justice Parke, in explanation of his former
answer—The colliers had had a good charter, and were
doing well if this job had not happened, when they were
orth Jed not to work.
game; Woolford, gamekeeper to Mr. Phelps at
Abercairn, e7ave evidence to the same purport as upon
Mr. Frost's trial, with respect to the seizure of his gun,
pistol,
and powder, by the mob, and their saying that
they were going to take Newport.
Thomas Rees, the boy, deposed, as on the former
trial, to the inquiry made by Mr. Frost at the head of
the mob as to where the soldiers were, and the direc-
tion given by Jack the Fifer to the other boy, Coles,
in Mr. Frost's hearing, to go on and say that they were
going to have the Weegate to themselves by, and by,
and the mob afterwards moving on upon the word
o march" being given by Frost seed Jack the Fifer.
The cross-examination of this witnee; elicited nothing
move.
James Coles, the other boy whte; on Frost:
trial.
_ bore testimony to the same convereation, and whore
SECOND DAY—FRIDAY. evidence is quite familiar to the public, was then exa-
At the sitting of the Court this morning, mined by Mr. Sergeant Ludlow, and confirmed the tes-
Mr. Bellamy, by the desire of the Court, apprised the tunony of the preceding witness, and said that a man
jurors who were then present, and not sworn. that they whom he met on the road told him that about a dozen
might retire to their homes, but to return on Monday soldiers had gone down to the Westgatee—that if the
morning, :It nine o'clock. Chartists went down there the soldiers wools make a
At the request of Mr. Thomas, the prisoner, Zepha- mess of them.
nieli William=, was accommodated with a chair. Mr. James Emery, cabinet-maker. Pontypool, examinee
Ilernas stated that Zephaniah ‘Viliieme complained of by the Attorney-General. This witness, as on his
former examination on Frost's trial, deposed to his see-
be fesee• frig William Jones, the watchmaker, of Pontypool, on
Thomas Watts, examined by Mr. Wightman—On Sunday, 3d November, at De, id Richards's, and his
Monday morning, the 4th of November, I saw Zepha- saying that he was going round the hills to collect the
niah WilLams between the Waterloo and the machine, Chartists, and ordering them to meet at the race-
between ten and eleven o'clock. He was going from course in the evening, and to his speaking of a pro-
Newport towards Cardiff. I saw others on the road clamation to be posted at Newport on Tuesday morn-
:that morning. It was before I saw him that 1 observed ing, which declared their intentions, and which was to
numbers going along the road from Newport towards begin with, " We, the Executive Government of Eng-
the !this. I saw Jack the Fifer that morning ;he was land," and was to be signed " John Frost, President."
. nearer to Newport. It was five minutes after I saw The witness also deposed to going to Jones's beer-shop,
,Zephaniah Williams that I saw Jack the Fifer (John the
Bristol House,in the
evening between eight and nine,
llsees.) I saw James Hodges that morning near the end seeing armed persons with pikes, guns, and pistols
Welsh Oak about half-past eight. there ;to returning within the course of an hour, and
Edmund Lloyd, examined by the Attorney-General— , seeing the armed men leaving Jones's house, and pro-
I keep the Royal Oak public-house. I saw the prisoner eeeding to the race-course, about a mile from Panty-
et Blackwood the week previous to the riot. He was poet, where there were several armed persons assembled,
; here on the Wednesday and Thursday. He blt his and to Jones ordering the people to go on to the New Inn,
!torso at my place, and afterwards sent for it. Jones, the
. r s.l,s-IDerx.oarrnm9htinati
*as there were many persons there. The witness tried to
w at-.l.maker, was in his company that week, and also make his escape, hut four men ordered him on to the New
Mr. Frost, the linen-draper, of Newport. [nn, on the road to Newport, where he arrived between 10
e;roas-examined by Mr. Thomas—l had known Mr. and eleven, when Jones ordered the men to turn out,
Williams for some time, and his character has been that and proceed on the road to Newport in three parties.
of a peaceable, well-disposed man. I know Shell, a cabinet-reaker of Pontypool. I have
Richard Pugh, the owner of the Coach and Horses seen him write several times. I have seen him
public-house, stated that there was a Chartist lodge held
in his house, and that in the week preceding the riot he write the prices of his work and names in the Chartist
saw Frost, Jones, and Williams in his house.
Cross-examioed—l never in my life heard anything '
~f Williams but that he was a peaceably disposed man. books. He does not belong to the same lodge.—(A
letter was here put into the witness's hand.) The writ-
lbogris nearly of the same sort of style as Shell's, and I ,
'Liege was a female lodge in my house, but that was believeieve it to be his writing.. 1 have looked inside, and
i broken up the year before. I cannot tell how many it to be his writing- e .
thesiwr
i Chartist wotaien there were. i.
tTn
ehsoems Thomas
n d objected-writ
in
gt.o this as inefficient proof of
Matthew Williams deposed that he was a member
i of the Chartist lodge held at Mr, Williams's. the pri- in
OTAr
eihreb.
eTAfnhtrtoeomriaaeps Attorney-General
te n. er al—. d I
ee must
4 peeler's, house. He gave in his name on the 2d of No-
liisaimiendetvnieeninsp.e .
w 11
Tei e
Cross-examined
soc-
enxnart found.
permitted .
; reatber. He had belonged to the Chartists before, but
left them. lie would not have joined them if lie had
_the inspection.
inspection of the letter, on
1 ;net been forced to do so. He stopped at the Chartist
lodge until eleven o'clock that night. The lodge was of Shell's hamndinwernitinnyg ormecaoslleaestthoahviins
I full. There were eleven men called in together. One him write his name. I have
i was to be a captain. The captain was to stop allthe Beaufort
Arms, Monmouth, in that letter before a
gkenvoewrlesdeegnet
gentle-
` eight, and in the morning he was to let them knowbelievee handsli. of a
tman whose name I don't know. I t
triiTl.tol boeldanh -
what was to be done. On the Sunday morning the
witness met his captain, who told him and others that forges. It was since examined on Fro's
I could not swear to its being his handwriting, butt hatml
I said nothinr,
they were to reassemble on the Sunday eeenim: at six believed it to be his. When I was examined' beforet the
o'clock, for the purpose of going clown to Newport, Magistrates, and on the last occasion,
/ and thee' were to prepare. When the captain wa.s about the paper or the proclamation. I have been ex-
-4 At,ked what they were going to do, he said that they amined since the last trial by one of Mr. Phelps's
were to stop all traffic, posting-coaches, and to bide clerks about the proclamation, about a day after this
liere, to guard the to,Nn. The witness here stated the commission was opened, and yesterday morning ; also
particulars, which have already been so fully published. ,at the Beaufort Arms. I did not mention the cireum-
-1 Cross-examined—Witness was amongst the wounded ! stances before the Magistrate, or last week on the trial,
I at the Westgate. but he had not yet got a pension from because I was not asked the question. I don't recol-
.
the Goverom-:nt, He had a friend in Newport that ,
lect that the Magistrates told me to tell all I knew. I
i he thought would give him something to eat when he I joined the Chartists about a week before the 4th No-
tot there ; was twelve hours on the road. Can say ; eernber. I paid 6d. then, and got a ticket. I was not
li that when he was with the Chartists he beard some ! a Chartist
before. I attended a great many Chartist
otge say of himself, " Keep a sharp eye on that chap." lodges before, but did not become a member of the as-
I That was said of himself and others. He was not . sociation then. [The depositions of the witness were
watched from Newbridge to Newport ; the only re- : here read, and it appeared that the statement about the
0f
, • het on the road was ihree pints of beer,
I t-Sh •rient go
, • proclamation was not contained therein.]
1 Ainenga fifteen of them. The reason why he went to Re-examined—No question was put to me when ex-
I i ,r-, Weetgate was, that ho knew he should be -stabbed amined before the Magistrates, either against Shell or
if he went out of the ranks. It was not until he got to , Llewellyn, respecting the proclamation which Jones
fthe Park that he knew they were so severe. Saw a said should be issued.
t

M C t S P ,C IA 1,
CoNj I S:5" 10 N

KIAL OF ZEPHANIAH WILLIAMS

MONMOUTH, FRIDAY EVENING

Moat of the witnesses examined to-day on the trial
of Zephaniah Williams were the same as those who had
previously given their evidence in the case of John Frost,
arift th,_.re:oce beyond their cross-examination by Mr.
Thomas, the Counsel for the prisoners, little worthy of
publication was contained. I have therefore given the
teitimony of such witnesses as briefly as possible.

_ .
It is believed that the trial of Williams will not ter-
minate before Saturday night. It is probable it will be
followed by that of Jones, and that then the remaining
prisoners will be included in one bill, charging them
with conspiracy and riot. It is impossible that their
trials can be disposed of for a considerable time, if the
indictment for high treason be proceeded with.
I am told that Frost has been removed to a cell, dif-
ferent from that which he first occupied. He has sent
for the Prayer-book and Bible, which he was in the
habit of using. He has given positive directions that
none of his family are to be admitted to see him, as his
desire is that his whole time may he devoted to prepare
himself for that awful change to which his mind is now
fully made up.
I commence with a report of the trial. of Williams
from tfnat place at which th,e examination broke off upon
Bulling off the express yesterday evening.
Thomas Saunders, examined by the Attorney-General
—Ois Sunday, :he 3d of November, I was at Blaen Mair,
and on that evening, about seven o'clock, I met forty or
fifty men near the prisoner's house. I know the prisoner,
and received a card as a Chartist at his house. The
men said I must go along with them ; and, they being
arme,l, I did so. I saw the prisoner that night on
the hills between Beaufort and Ebw-vale. I was
brought there by the men, and I saw thousands
of armed men with Williams that night. About
balk' an hour afterwards they moved on. I at-
tempted to escape ; the prisoner said, " Stop,
I stop," and taking a pistol out of his pocket, held
it before my breast. This was between ten and eleven
o'clock. I went along with them, and the prisoner said
that I must go along with him, and keep the other men
up. As they procecde.d, they knocked at houses and
demanded people to come out. Some objected, and
were compelled to go by armed men. We had candles
and lanthorns with candles. I heard as we were going
~long that Mr. Frost was to meet us at the Welsh Oak.
At daybreak the men were placed in order, the guns

ibeing iti the front, and the pikes next. I heard this
said by the mob, but did not see it. We went towards '
i Newport to the top of Stow-hill, to the number of 5,000.
I did not hear any firing, but I saw a man who was shot
j al.rough the ankle, and the people said to the prisoner,
I What ! have you brought us here to be slaughtered ?"
A„d Williams said, " Go on, go on ; don't be cowards."
The veole then dispersed. I saw Williams get a ball
fr 6
.. 3 mau that night; he said it was too large for his
, pi,t.ol.,,trd he cut it, and put it into it, and sa:d, " Here's
-a lox tta_m, however." The man who gave the prisoner
•he OA bad a born in his hand, and sounded it several
, ilea daring the night to call the people together.
Cros.saaaatnined by Mr. Thomas—l am not a Cher-
i tis'. and tiev°r was one. I had a card, and paid 6d. for
I it, abd '2...A. 61 besides. It was said to be subscription
'1
til monej. I paid the money because my master did so
1 ,hefore ma. and only attended a lodge once. There was
' ,t rt,hal .. Chartist lodge held at Williams's. I was in
i aa:onts:,-t ikieni once, be did not advise. I cannot say
whether ..,'e or fifty attended, but I think there were
about twenty-five I never said these words, that " I
was a Cla‘rtist in my heart, and I would be so till I
(CIA." I did not say to Elizaboth Jones, that I would
advise her not to sleep with her husband till he beca
any
young
I a Chart is', and \that no
1 ace gut a Chartist. J went to the lodge because my
pi tb 'er asked me to do 0. I had my card two months
~,,turf the riot I was arrested as a Chartist, and was
ex„,,io, Iby Mr. Edwards in the poor-house at New-
port, no ,chit I said was taken down in writing.—[The
deo) ijans Laade. by the witness before the Magistrates
were the., re f.n.red to by Mr. Thomas.] From the place
) why], I joined t,.•ern to the place where I left is about
( twaniy-two miles: I joined them at seven o'clock in the
I -welling, and was fareasl all the time. I did not force
s. I was obliged ta gld them to
o on to force the other men
odrer
on. I did force them. I
w go on. I was
1 oil my way home at seven 0;lock. My master was
there nl.e. It was by mere chni:ce that I went on.
i They did not force me to pay ,both for myself
end my ma•ter. They did not force ri:,e tI
pay
the
. I
paid the money. I was bound to pay it, paid
1 money because they threatened my life. I got, an ex-
tra card on the night of the 3d November. On the
c'ght 1 got extra cards the prisoner's son was present.
When I paid for them I paid six shillings to the son.
card, the policeman, has the cards. The prisoner's
so, 'is about eighteen years of age. I paid for one for
i ,-,-)y , aaste, as be was in danger. About forty or fifty
,„0„. )drought me out of the house. My master did
' ot .itt me to get a card. I thought it the safest way
1 e w
to get „to a card as well as myself, as I heard that
cm,,,, were gong to kick up a riot that night. We
sky master's house that night. I got
dit not pa;
him the card b .NctiPse there was a riot at his side of
the hill. I thought"- I could have ran away, and been ena-
the ticket. There is no mistake in
b
' ed to give my mastc."
to Williams's son. They
111 V having given the m ^c'Y
dirt not know that ' I was a .clairtist. I did net know
tut had a card. I was
thaw. I cant say that every n.'
not directed to pull out the card as :.1. gln•
I For my first
yr, raid for the
card I paid three shillings. My emplo;
lof. A-ugust
i cards. They were purchased on the 304:
1 After I got the cards I considered myself in 24 illug:
danger as before I got them. The night was dark.
There were forty or fifty men present at Beaufort when
I attempted my escape, and I was compelled to accent-
` pang them to t*iat part of Newport where I left them.
I consider myself still in my master's employ. I lost
I some goods that were confided to me for sale at a fair.
i I was never charged before a Magistrate by my master.
I was surrounded by a crowd when I lost them. My
4 master was debited to the amount of 231. for that loss
and some other matters.
This witness was re-examined by the Solicitor-Gene-
ral, and examined by the Court, without eliciting any-
thing to shake his direct testimony.
't. Tne cards which he purchased at the prisoner's house
i were pt. in and read. Toey were marked No. 584, and
stated that the Society was established for bettering the
political, social, and physical condition of the working
claoes•

Barnabas Brough, examined by the Attorney-Gene-
ral—This witness deposed, as co Frost's trial, to his
being captured by the Chartists, at, Saii( night, the
3d of November, and taken to thr, Welsh OA, where
he was discharged by Frost about six o'clock. He con-
tinued—l
knew slightly George Shell, a cabinet-maker,
at Pontypool, sufficiently, I think, to distinguish hie
voice. I heard a voice which I knew order me to stand,
but I did not tilt aft:l-wards know or recognize it to be
Shell's. I have reason to believe it to have been the
voice of Shell. I saw him a corpse amongst the slain,
and on seeing him dressed in the same clothes as the
person wore from whom that voice proceeded, I was in-
duced to believe him to be the same person. The man
who had me in custody when I was taken prisoner said
they were going to establish the charter, and that they
would have liberty or death. That was repeated more
than once.

A LAY OF LAMENTATION.

GRANDMAMMA LOQUITUR.)

‘• The Vatican and St. TAM' Palace are in CO, .
flexion with each other th'un V4E, had imagined.—We ha%e
fallen or, other times.—Popery is now gaining an ascen-
dancy in the land, while Protestantism is diseourao.ed b)
the Ministers of our Protestant Queen."—Vide Morning
Herold of Monday.

Cross-examined by Mr. Thomas—lt was not daylight
till about half an hour after I was liberated. I saw the
man's dress in the house. The man I allude to was
dressed in a flannel jacket. I only saw his back and
his stature. It is a very common dress. 1 had not
seen his face at all. He guarded me all the way down.
I heard his voice a dozen times. He requested me to
hold my tongue, and to make no more jokes ; my safety
would be better preserved. I did not tell him I knew
him, for I did not know him then, though I thought that
the voice was familiar to me. Possibly it might not
have occurred to me whose voice it was, unless I had
recognised the corpse. I was addressed by name
several times while I was in custody, but I told my name
on being taken.
Re-examined—l believe it was George Shell who
ordered me to stand.
John Roberts, police-officer of Pontypool, on ex-
amination by the Attorney-General, identified the body
found in front of the Westgate as the body of George
Shell, cabinet-maker, of Pontypool. He had on a round
flannel jacket.
Moses Scard, a policeman of Newport, identified a
man who was shot in the passage leading to the sol-
diers' room, and who survived about three hours, and
who was called afterwards Shell, as the man whose corpse
was identified in the stable by the last witness as that
of Shell.

Barnabas Brough recalled—He has no doubt but that
the stamps on the letter produced are the Pontypool
penny post-mark and the Newport general post-mark.
Henry Chappel, policeman of Newport. examined by
the Attorney-General--I went over to Bristol, to the
house of Shell, the father of George Shell. I went there
on the 12th November. I received the letter now pro-
duced from the mother of Shell. . .

Mr. Thomas objected to the letter being read in evi-
dence, because the identity of George Shell with the
man whose voice the,witness Brough believed ho re-
cognised was not sufficiently proved.
Mr. Rickards followed on the same side. The evi-
dence as to the voice ought not to be called in aid of
the dress, nor that as to the dress in aid of the voice.
Mr. Thomas—There is another objection. The let-
ter is not dated till the 4th November.
The Attorney-General—But the letter was evidently
written in his lifetime.
Lord Chief Justice Tindal overruled the objection.
This was precisely the case in which evidence of the
identity of voice and dress should be brought in aid of
each other.

Tories, list a friend's advice,
And get r; ady in a trice,
Suits of sables, white cravats,
And crape to bind about your hats,
For—were out with constant sighing—
Poor old Mother Church is dying,
D 3 ing fast, 'mid Popish glee,
Of decided atrophy,
Occasioned by " a heavy blow"
By Whigs inflicted, months ago,
And followed up with vile intent,
By a " great discouragement."—
Yes, she's fairly given over,
She, who lived so long in clover;
Once she weighed full twenty stone,
Now, she's nought but skin and bone,
And the rattles in her throat,
Fast-approaching death denote ;
Chaunt her dirge then, toll her knell,
Miserere Ding-dong-dell !
Cruel case 1 But sterner fate
Doth this hapless realm await,
For the Pope is coming ever,
With fire and faggot, via Dover,
With lots of bigots in his train,
To raise the Smithfield pile again,
And warn us, with ferocious boast,
That we must either rat or roast.—
Methinks, I see our Prelates first
Yield to the Vatican accurst,
And, with shaved sconces, one and all
Hurry to the Confessional,
Headed by Philpotts, in the hope
Of being soon appointed Pope,
And followed at due distance by
The whole discreet Parsonic fry ;
While Melbourne, Russell, and the rest—
But hold—enough—my labouring breast
Cannot express the rancorous spite
And rage these fellows' names excite,
So, with sad heart, and moistened eye,
I close at once my Prophecy

LITERATURE.

Mr. Baron Parke—The declaration of a co-conspi-
rator is evidence, and it appears to me that his decla-
ration is sufficiently proved.
The officer of the Court then read the letter, which
was addressed, " For Mr. George, Shell, at Mr. Har-
ris's, cabinet-maker, Castle-street, Bristol," as follows :
" Pontypool, Sunday night, Nov. 4, 1839.
" Dear Parents—l hope this will find you well, as I
am myself at present.
" I shall this night be engaged in a struggle for free-
dom, and should it please God to spare my life I shad
see you soon ; but if not, grieve not for me, I shall have
fell in a noble cause. My tools is at Mr. Cecil's, where
I lodge, and likewise my clothes. Fari well !
" Your's truly,
" GEORGE SHELL."
John Matthews, examined by Mr. Serjeant Taltourd
—I am gardener to Mr. Prothero, whose house is two
miles from Newport, and a quarter of a mile from the
road. 'The witness then gave testimony similar to that
given by him in Frost's case, as to armed men coming
to the house, and compelling him to go with them on
the 4th November,
Thomas Walker, examined by Mr. Wightman—l
was a special constable on Sunday, the 3d of November.
The witness then proved, as in the former case, that he
had beer. sent out on that evening, on horseback, by Sir
Thomas Phillips, to get intelligence respecting the ap-
proach of the Chartists, and that when he had got near
to Risca, he heard cheering, and turned back ; that on
his way back, near Rigby's, he was stopped by some
armed men, who stabbed him with a spear in the thigh,
and that a gun or pistol was fired at him and his man,
who was with him, and that he finally returned to New-
port, and communicated what had occurred to the
Magistrates.
Cross-examined by Mr. Thonsas—l was in the midst
of the persons who fired. They might not have fired at
me, but at the man who was with me. I did not see the
man who fired. •
Thomas Latch, examined by Mr. Talbot—l am the
son of a merchant in Newport. I was in the Commer-
cial-room in the Westgate on the 4th November. The
witness then proved that the windows of the room in
which he was were broken in, and the shutters knocked
down. The only person I recognised was Mr. Frost,
who walked past the window at the time. I escaped by
the back door.
Sir Thomas Phillips, examined by the Attorney-Ge-
neral—l was Mayor of Newport on the 3d Novem-
ber. Intelligence was brought to me on that day which
rendered it necessary for me to take measures to pre-
serve the peace of the town. Special constables were
sworn, and I sat up all night at the Westgate, with
another Magistrate. I sent out persons to get in-
formation ; amongst others was Mr. Walker, who
was wounded. Prisoners were made between twelve
o'clock at night and nine o'clock Monday morning.
I received intelligence of the gradual approach of the
people. I sent for mnary assistance to Captain
Stack, and a detachment of soldiers was accordingly
sent down. The witness then described how he had
posted them in a room in the Westgate, and then the
attack made by the people in tne Westgate. Witness
and Captain Grey opened the shutters of the room at
the east side of the Inn, in which the soldiers were, and
witness was wounded in doing so. There are three
windows in the projecting bow of the room. The
people in the town must have been aware that the
soldiers had come into the town, and were in the house.
The pekiple as they passed were formed in columns with
the regularity of a military force, so much so that it
would be incorrect to call them a mob.
The case for the prosecution was proceeding when
our express left.

ROME, DEC. 29.

fAtAtjj A CORRESPONDENT.
heir ,4 pie festival of St. Thomas of
Last Sum-- ‘ll;tsit wds ;.,ale.mnized at the English
Canterbury, High werc iefoz.e.nt on this oc-
Coliege. Several Carditia,..
-
Chapel agsjsled in
casion ; the singers from the Pope -rdi of 15)64
the august ceremony, and a Corps di
were on duty. His Royal Highness the Duke of ~
deaux honoured the College with his presence, and the
chapel was on that account decorated with more than
usual splendour ; seats for persons of distinction were
covered with beautiful tapestry. After Mass, the Very
Reverend Rector, Dr. Wiseman, entertained the young
Prince with a sumptuous collation, and several distin-
guished persons were presented. In the afternoon
Monsignore Baggs, the Vice-Rector, pronounced a
panegyric in honour of St. Thomas a Becket, and the
learned divine noticed some facts relating to the life of
the Saint.

The Princess of Denmirk, formerly the wife of the
now reigning King of Denmark, has been on the point
of death, but is now convalescent, yet remains in a very
helpless state. Her son is the heir apparent. Her
Royal Highness is well-known and respected by the
English. The Princess is deservedly popular with the
Romans, and her exertions as a Sister of Charity in
attending the hospitals has endeared her to every lover
of humanity.. Her Royal Highness is related to the
Royal Family of England.
DEC. 31.—Professor Nibi, the great antiquarian,
died suddenly this morning ; he has left many learned
works. The Archeological Academy have sustained
an irreparable loss. It is said that he died extremely poor.

PRE-PAY YOUR LETTERS.—We understand
that many gentlemen have determined not to take in,
but to return to the Post-office, every letter which
henceforth may be brought to them by a postman of
which the postage has not been paid. The example
will, we have no doubt, be generally followed, and will
compel the universal pre-payment.
THE AURORA BOREALIS.—This beautiful
celestial phenomenon was witnessed at Thurso about
ten o'clock on the evening of the sth ult. It was
strikingly grand and sublime, and excited deep interest.
It extended from a south-west to an easterly direction,
was sometimes seen to assume the form of a colossal
arch shooting immense pillars high in the sky, and then
suddenly to take the appearance of a gigantic furnace,
from which vivid columns of the most brilliant flame
we,e seen to rise perpendicularly.—Edinburgh Courant.
The weather in Paris had set in cold at last,
with every promise of duration. On Monday night, at
twelve o'clock, M. Chevalier's thermometer stood at
2 5.10 degrees below zero on the centrigrade scale,
or at 27i of Fahrenheit ; at four yesterday. morning,
at 6 2-10 C., 20i F., but at ten had risen again to
4 2-10 C., 24i F.
.CHURCH-RATES.--On Thursday week the in-
habitants of Melbourne, in Vestry assembled, agreed to
a voluntary rate of 21d. in the pound for the mainte-
nance and repairs of the parish church. Were it not
for efforts like these, it is thought the old fabric must
soon fall: and what is rather unusual on such occa-
sions, one Dissenter moved and another seconded the
resolution.—Derby Reporter.

QUARTERLY RE VIE IV, No. CXXIX.
Murray, London, 1839.
The " Printer's Devil" furnishes the subject of
one of those lively, picturesque articles which of
late have been so' frequent in the Quarterly Re-
view, and ensured such general approbation. We
can guess the writer of this dexterously-handled
paper, if only from this vivid sketch of the streets
of London at day-break, which forms an introduc-
tion to his account of the interior arrangements of
Messrs. Clowes' printing-office :
" In a raw December morning, just before the gas-
lights are extinguished, and just before sunrise, the
streets of London form a twilight picture which it is
interesting to contemplate, inasmuch as there exists
perhaps no moment in the twenty-four hours in which
they present a more guiltless aspect ; for at this hour
luxury has retired to such rest as belongs to it—vice
has not yet risen. Although the rows of houses are
still in shade, and although their stacks of chimneys
appear fantastically delineated upon the grey sky, yet.
the picture, chiaro-oscuro, is not altogether without its
lights. The wet streets, in whatever direction they ra-
diate, shine almost as brightly as the gilt printing over
the barred shops. At the corners of the streets, the
gin-palaces, as they are passed, appear splendidly illu-
minated with gas, showing an elevated row of lettered
and numbered yellow casks, which in daylight stand on
their ends unnoticed. The fashionable streets are al,
completely deserted, save by a solitary policeman, who,
distinguished by his warm great-coat and shining belt,
is seen standing at a crossing drinking the cup of hot
saiop or coffee he has just purchased of an old barrow-
woman, who, with her smoking kettle, is quietly seated
at his side, while the cab and hackney-coach horses,
with their heads drooping, appear as motionless as the
brass charger a' Charing-cross.
" An Irish labourer with an empty hod over his
shoulder, a man carrying a saw, a tradesman with his
white apron tucked up for walking, a few men, • far and
wide between,' in fustian jackets, with their hands in
their pockets to keep them warm, are the only perceptible
atoms of an enormous mass of a million and a half 01
people—all the rest being as completely buried from
view as if they were lying in their graves.
" But as our vehicle proceeds, every minute imparts
life to the scene, until, by the time Blackfriars-bridge is
crossed, the light of day illumines the figures of hundreds
of workmen, who, unconnected with each other, are, in
various directions, steadily proceeding to their tasks.
" Among them, from their dress, gait, and general
appearance, it is not d.fficult here and there to distin-
guish that several are printers ; and as we have now
reached the gate of one of the principal buildings to
which they are marching, we must alight from our
' cab,' that we may by a slight sketch delineate its Ul-
terior for our readers."
The passing allusion to the cab and hackney-
coach horses " with their heads drooping," will re-
mind the reader of one of Box's minute, feli-
citous touches. Several descriptions, equally
graphic with the one we have just quoted,
appeared in a late article on " Ameri-
can rail-roads and steam-boats, which was attri•
tinted at the time—and as we surmise, justly—
to the vigorous pen of the Editor. But to pro-
ceed. Having given a general sketch of the Pi int-
ing-office, the Reviewer goes on to speak of the
compositors, whose duty it is to arrange the types
in conformity with the MSS. copy that lies before
him. Here is an amusing sketch of this useful,
intelligent body :
" By eight o'clock all the compositors have arrived.
Miny in their costume resemble common labourers ;
others are better clad ; several are very well dressed,
but all bear in their countenances the appearance of
men of considerable intelligence and education.
They have scarcely assumed their respective stations,
when blue mugs, containing each a pint or half a pint
of tea and coffee, and attended either by a smoking hot
roil stuffed with yellow butter, or by a couple of slices
of bread and butter, enter the hall. The little girls
who with well-combed hair and clean shining faces,
bring these refreshments, carry them to those who
have not breakfasted at home. Before the empty
mugs have vanished, a boy enters the hall at a
lust 4,74))f, with a large bundle under his arm, of morn-
'^u newspapers,,,--this intellectual luxury the compositors
• -dly subscripOtan, allow themselves to enjoy.
^n with the different Presses,they
copies, and fiNg thrt news
4'ne Article 6 of lie

by a free..

From their convex,..

nage to obtain the very cam._

of the day is known to them—the
different papers are critized, applauded, or comic...

' an hour or two before the great statesmen of the country
have received the observations, the castigation, or the
intelligence they contain. One would think that corn.
positors would be as sick of reading as a grocer's bov
is of treacle ; but this is not the case, as is proved by
the tact that they not only willingly pay for these
newspapers, but often indemnify one of their own corn
munity for giving up his time in order to sit in the
middle of the hall on a high stool, and read the news aloud
to them while they are labouring at their work ; they
will, moreover, even pay him to read to them any new
iessions-, the race i gained by him who is
to contain interesting in-
'B not always
fbooromkatiwonh.i—chAtmheoynaCompositors,
as in all other pro-
apparently the avviftest. Steadiness, coolness, and
being performed by the eyes,
tor,
with considerable velocity are
attentionpo si
his are
work moreprici considerpavllai7 e
eagerness and haste, On the attitude of a com-
depends. The operation
fingers, and
than
direction, the rest of the body should be kept as tranquil
as possible." moved in almostarms whichevery

The description of the
the bye, Goldsmith has rendered classical—is not
less just than that of "Reader"—whom, by
the compositor. We subjoin
it accordingly ; and from the lines marked in italics,
ale satisfied that it is a portrait drawn direct from
the life. Indeed, we almost imagine we could
name the individual—a
poet of no mean calibre—
who sat for it :—.

" In a printing establishment ' the reader' is almost
the only individual whose occupation is sedentary ; in-
deed the galley-slave can scarcely be more closely bound
to his oar, than is a reader to his stool. On entering his
cell, his very attitude is a striking and most graphic pic-
ture of earnest attention. It is evident, from his out-
line, that the whole power of his mind is concentrated
in a focus upon the page before him ; and as in mid-
night the lamps of the mail, which illuminate a small
portion of the road, seem to increase the pitchy dark.
ness which in every other direction prevails, so does the
undivided attention of a reader to his subject, evidently
,
abstract his thoughts from all other considerations. An
urchin stands by reading tolthe reader from the copy--
furnishing him, in fact with an additional pair of eyes ;
and the shortest way to attract his immediate notice is
;
to stop his goy : for no sooner does the stream of the
child's voice cease to flow, than the machinery of the
man's mind ceases to work —something has evidently
gone wrong I—he accordingly at once, raises his weary
head, and a slight sigh, will; one passage of the hand

across his brow, is generally sufficient to enable him to
receive the intruder with mildness and attention."
" Minas's Sieges of the Peninsula" is no other-
wise rerriarkal;lc than as containing' in ahnost every
ir,os studied abuse of .ip,aer:ll. V Ito in
One place is described as " the greateSt charlatan
that even France has produced." How ungenerous
—how ill-founded is this sneer? Was it by
quackery that Napoleon gained the battles of
Lodi and Arcole, and crushed three armies,
each every way his superior, in his first
Italian campaign—the most extraordinary and
triumphant that the world ever saw ? Was it by
quackery that he crossed the Alps at St. Bernard,
and rushed down, like an avalanche on the
astounded Austrians at Marengo ? Was it quackery
:hat won the hard-fought battles of Austerlitz and
Wagram ? Above all, was it quackery that conceived
and executed the noble project of the legal code ?
We have no very great sympathy with the characters
of conquerors ; still it is impossible not to admit that
Napoleon was the greatest of the race, and won
ilk laurels far more fairly than Caesar. " Tyt-
ler's Collection of Ancient Letters" contains
a striking passage, wherein the duties of a
historian are defined and expatiated on with
singular eloquence of style, and justness of thought.
Gladstone on Church and State is just the sort
of high Tory diatribe that we were prepared to
meet with in the Quarterly Review. " The
Church," we are told, " does not promulgate her
faith as her own opinion—quite the reverse. She
proclaims it as a message and declaration intrusted
'o her care, which may not be altered, or dimi-
nished, or enlarged by any human voice, and is
independent of human fancies." Why, this
is the very fault that we find with the
Church 1 She promulgates a set of despotic,
.ndigestible dogmas, under the name of " Thirty-
[tine Articles"—not one of which but is clearly of
human manufacture—and then compels us to be-
lieve in them as opinions emanating from heaven.
Is there no fraud, no priestcraft here ? The Quar-
telly Reviewer says no—" quite the reverse." In
all cases, however, wherein the interests of the
Church are concerned, he is a guide whose judg-
ment cannot be depended on for an instant. We
should just as soon think of pinning our faith on
the lawn sleeves of the Bishop of Exeter. " Ernest,
or Political Regeneration," is a critical notice of a
Chartist epic which, it seems, has lately been with-
drawn from circulation. From the copious extracts
given by the Reviewer, we augur favourably of the
poetical abilities of this unknown writer. " Tra-
vellers in Austria and Hungary" is plea-
sant gossip, nothing more. In the article
on " Seditious Meetings," suggested by the late
Newport riots, we meet with the following
high-Tory theory :—" there are times and places
in which it may be all very well to talk of the po-
pular rights of meeting for the free discussion of
grievances, and other such common places, which
nobody that we know of denies in the abstract;
but that which is harmless on one occasion, may
on another be highly dangerous," The plain
English of this is, that people may meet and dis-
cuss their grievances, so long as there is no chance
of their obtaining redress ; but the instant—as in
the celebrated case of the Reform Bill:---there is a
prospect of their grievances being • listened to, and
removed, then their meetings become " highly
dangerous." We have here the main article of
the Ultra-Tory creed in all its unmitigated into-
lerance.

fulfil their promises, and the settiers adhere to the
rules for good goveininent adopted on ILAvipin
EHand, the colony cannot fail to inerca
The Company," according to Mr-
nov: !naturiug its plans for coniiiicto: kIV

" is

AMERICAN SLAVERY AS IT IS.
New York, 1839.

on an extensive scale in the enNuing ear. V Sates
to the amount of 7,000 acres of country land have
been effected at 11. per acre, in the few months
succeeding the period of the preliminary sales ; and
free passages continues to be offered to purchasers
upon the terms which will be found in the Appen-
dix. The Company will also make an allowance
of GO per cent. for passage-money to purchasers
not proceeding direct in the Company's ships,
granting them special land orders, which in such
cases are not transferable. Intelligence from the
colony may be expected early in the spring of the
coming year (1840), and will be communicated to
the public in a supplement to the present work."

This is an admirable exposure=got up and pub-
lished under the auspices of the American Anti-
' Slavery Society—of the horrors of the slave sys-
tem, as pursued in the southern districts of the
United States. Nothing that the wildest imagina-
tion can conceive, surpasses the cruelties inflicted
by the planters and their overseers on their wretched
negro victims, as we find them recorded in this ser-
viceable, plain-spoken pamphlet, not on doubtful or
anonymous authority, but on the testimony of a
thousand übirnpeachable witnesses, who do not
speak from mere hearsay, but from a personal know-
ledge of the atrocities which they denounce. Twenty-
seven hundred thousand persons, men, women,
and children, are, it seems, at this very moment in
slavery in that boasted land of freedom—the United
States of America I And what is tFe course of con-
duct pursued towards these hopeless wretches ?
"We will prove"—to quote an emphatic passage
in the Introduction—." that the slaves in the United
States are treated with barbarous inhumanity ; that
they are over-worked, underfed, wretchedly clad and
lodged, and have insufficient sleep ; that they are
often made to wear round their necks iron col-
lars armed with prongs, to drag heavy chains at
their feet while working in the fields ; that they
are often kept confined in the stocks day and
night for weeks together, made to wear gags in
their mouths for hours or days, have some of
them their front teeth torn out or broken off, that
they may be easily detected when they run away ;
chat they are "frequently flogged with, terrible seve-
rity, have red pepper rubbed into their lacerated
flesh, and hot brine, spirits of turpentine, &c.,
poured over the gashes to increase the torture ;
that they are often stripped naked, their backs and
limbs cut with knives, bruised and mangled by
hundreds of blows with the paddle, and torn by the
claws of cats drawn over them by their tormentors ;
that they are often hunted with blood hounds, and
shot like beasts, or torn in pieces by dogs; that
their ears are often cut off, their eyes knocked out,
and their flesh branded with red hot irons ; and,
finally, that they are maimed, mutilated, and
' burned to death over slow fires I All these things,
and more and worse, •we shall prove I. Reader, we
will establish all these facts by the testimony of
scores and hundreds of witnesses, by the testimony
of slave-holders in all parts of the slave-states, by
slave-holding Members of Congress, and of State
Legislatures, by Ambassadors to Foreign Courts,
by Judges, by Doctors of Divinity, and Clergymen
of all denominations, by Merchants, Mecha-
nics, Lawyers, and Physicians, by Presidents and
Professors of Colleges, by Planters, Overseers, and
Drivers I We will show, not merely that such deeds
are committed, but that they are frequent ; not
done in corners, but before the sun ; not in one of
the slave-states, but 111 all of them; not perpe-
trated by brutal overseers and drivers merely, but
by magistrates, by legislators, by professors of reli-
gion, by preachers of the Gospel, by Governors of
States, by gentlemen of property and standing,
and even by delicate females moving in the highest
circles of society I 1.” And the land in which these
atme-itisrn-Air MTP 9f W!IiP11 Pv7 the Devil him-
- -if might blush=ap pgrPetrqte 11P4`4141
of equality, of civilipilion,in a
land of freettui,,,
word, America I Shame on e people OM can
practice such fiendish cruelties—gti;l heavier shame
on the Legislature that can sanction them r

INFORMATION RELATIVE TO NEW

THE SPITFIRE,3 VOLS.
album, London, 1640.

This is another of those tales of the sea, which
of late have been so common ; and is from the pen
of Captain Chamier, to whom the public is already
indebted for the popular story of " Jack Adams."
The hero of the narrative is Albert De Laney, the
younger brother of an English Baronet, of great
wealth and excellent family, who, by his re-
serve and harshness, drives his young relative from
home, and compels him to seek his fortune
at sea. Unfortunately, after having distinguished
him as a common sailor in a great naval engage-
ment, Albert deserts from his ship, undergoes many
sad vicissitudes of fortune ; and at length, as his
only resource, allies himself with the pirate crew of
the Spitfire, who, struck by his dauntless bearing
and perfect seamanship, appoint him Captain. At
the bead of this lawless band, he ravages the West
Indian islands ; obtains lots of prize-money, which
he remits, from time to time, to England under a
feigned name ; and ultimately, being tired of
his connection with the pirates, takes the
opportunity of the Spitfire's being wrecked
on the coast of Ireland, to abandon his dis-
orderly mode of life, and become, what is
called, a " respectable man." The tale ends with
his reconciliation with his elder brother, who has
long since repented of his injustice, and his marriage
with Laura Mackenzie, to whom he had been at-
tached, previous to his accepting the situation of a
pirate chief. The chief merit of this tale lies in its
numerous and stirring incidents, for it contains no
well-drawn characters, and is certainly not to be
commended for the novelty of its plot, or the inge-
nuity with which it is unravelled. Many of its
incidents are, however, replete with spirit and
dramatic tact ; and among them, we may mention
the scenes which take place at the pirate's cave ;
the murder of the old negro ; the execution of the
chief mate,. Carlos ; and above all the chase of the
Spitfire by the British frigate, Hebe.

ZEALAND.
BY JOHN WARD, rsQ.
London, J. W. Parker, 1640.
_ _

No people at all approach the British as colo-
nists. The Dutch are tyrants in their colonies ;
the French know as little of practical colonization
as of boxing, and even the Spaniard and Portu-
guese, with all the vast extent of country which they
have occupied, are centuries behind us in the great
art of conciliating the settlers to the mother country,
or in turning the connection between them to the
advantage of either. The condition of the United
States, which haslfrom small beginnings become a
great and mighty nation, within the memory of
many now living, is perhaps the greatest triumph
in this respect that the world has ever exhibited.
The people, in fact, seem made for emigration,
They are to be found in every quarter of the globe,
spreading the language, manners, habits, and
religion of their native country. One of the
latest and most astonishing colonial enterprises
is that now directed towards the Antipodes. Corn.
panies have been formed for sending out settler.:
among the cannibals of New Zealand, and as a
proof how readily the people enter into schemes of
this sort, we may state from Mr. Ward's book,
that shortly after the formation of one of the
Companies, it realized a land fund of 99,9901.,
that the departure of the first colony took
place last year, amounting in men, women,
and children to 1,123 souls, freighting ten ships
and investing in machinery ar.d agricultural imple-
ments nearly 100.0001. They have made arrange.
writs for establishing scl- )ols and churches, a li-
terary and scientific institution, a New Zealand Ga-
zette, and a public library. In fact, the town will
he built, and the colonists will have settled down
into a well regulated community before the French,
who are talking about something of the same sort,
have made up their minds on the subject. The climate
it is well known is excellent, and if the Cpmpally
