ei 4)le un.

LONDON.
TUESDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 19, 1837.

The day
1 fixed for t.... he Meeting of Parliament is the
`Sth of November. The Right Hon. JAMES ABER-.
64°1113Y will be again proposed as Speaker.

t; We really wish that the Tories may succeed in get-
15ng up a " No Popery" yell before the opening of
; arnament. It would do more to obtain justice for
~,%reland than the return of twenty additional Liberal
embers for that country. It would rouse the Ca-
t,halic body resuscitate the Political and Trades
Unions on this side of the Channel—and perfect the
disgustwith which every man of sense, education, and
regards the fanatical ravings of a bigoted
clil79lle, whose God is Mammon, and whose creed is a
;.atred of Ireland, and everything thereunto appertain-
41g, save and except glebes, tithes, taxes, and rack-
:tilts- Had the " No Popery" yell rung less fear-
'llly through the land in 1827, we question if two years
‘tterwards it would have been found so very easy to
4rry the Catholic Emancipation Bill. The louder grew
the anti-Popery shout, the stronger grew the Catholic
asociation ; until the very din of the one proclaimed
e irresistible and uncontroulable power of the other.
Ti7ill be the same now if the Tory organs succeed.
la 7 will awaken a spirit in Great Britain and Ire-
n'4
eild that will extinguish the torch of bigotry. If the
th could sanctify the means, we would ourselves attack
b a Catholic religion, knowing that such attacks would
tC regarded by our readers as truculent, cowardly, and
a.sPicable attempts to insult a brave, generous, and
:Ighspirited people ; and that to manifest a proper
the"e of disapprobation, Englishmen could not do less
t an come forward and declare themselves favourable
i° the most liberal administration of the Government
81' the Sister Kingdom. Perhaps, in reality, the
landard and the Post have no other object in their
vee°flnendations of a " No Popery" cry at a moment so
herY unpropitious for the Tory cause in Ireland. It
eas snore than once occurred to us, that the Standard
unot have played so uniformly into the hands of
the Catholics, without secretly designing something of
ei e kind ; and we begin to entertain a similar impres-
,o,n with regard to the Tory admonitions of the Post.
41:.e. following extract from the leading columns of our
tliehlonable Morning Contemporary, by way of com-
thnt upon an article which we yesterday copied from
e
h4Talniner, cannot be supposed to have been writ-
, Y any friend to the Protestant religion :
411Tite No Popery' cry is not addressed to Papists, but
b 1 pro-Papist pretended Protestants, who in .cold
to,o_,"n
sacrifice the religion of the Gospel and of the
iState
V
teadea e who are the enemies both. That cry is
__in-
aiiters to set honest men on their guard against the M-
blws and their minions, who conspire to give heavy
the, and great discouragements' to Protestantism, and
of 3
their Presume, with shameless effrontery to prate of
to t attachnient to that Constitution of which Pro-
is is the basis, and to that Monarch the tenure
dition
Ise Crown, and the allegiance of whose people arc en-
,_°rl the maintenance of Protestantism. as b. y law
Shed With a pro-Papist Prime Minister
.tri Eng-
'no‘,,,an" a pro-Papist Viceroy in Ireland, bath living and
thj:lind having their official being so icing only as they
that . ,"irty work of their Papist protr,,ctor, it seems to us
rho '0 Popery' should be the rallying cry of every man
41 the a,sB so far ceased to be, an Englishman as to wallow
the of the Chranic..le's politics, or bask in the blaze
some '7,caniiner's religion. As to the necessity of taking
the ~°eqsttres more effective than mere outcries to abate
tat wticFne and sanguinary nuisance, we quite agree with
alg-Radical Contemporary. In the meantime, how-
o4„r .et
tue No Popery' cry be kept up with undiminished
141 gY* Let
L. rites become the daily prayer of every
.Loyial
''lnet, tnundcred into the cars of a Pro-Papist Ca-
pola eehoed by the hearts of Protestant people, the
'4411y wPler.v,.like the Deleuda eat Cat Mayo, may even-
dr out its own fulfilment.' "
les
ae "ling the writer of the above to have been in
] fro
Qthl Ilse' When he wrote it, we are bound to eon-
at rn
blow its tenor, that his real object is to give a
dalley. tO the tottering fabric of Protestant asceri
°Ut th.'ants to extinguish tithes with-
of troUble of another
appeal to the justice
m
cones and wo are houna to add, that snore
141, stve
anti-tithe and wil-Protestant Ascendancy
eats were never ttadr,:sed by
gttro
!Itself to
the Mr. 0' C o N ELL
1 e Patriotic and religious feelings of the
fanpeople, The Catholics of Ireland see in the
th ge or th p
%-hristi e ost a specimen of the toleration—of
the +s
.4 chaiity..”which will be extended to them,
etl submit to the domination of an alien
Port rho .
a.l°' that e) also see the reputation which a sup-
ihe-rIY three church, compulsory and voluntary, for
itatill of
th centuries, has earned fur them at the
1:14 Treht„de Inans of Toryism, both in England.
tfl an requittal for the tithes swallowed
the,priesthood, they are styled " enemies of
Gcnipel
ftvhe and of the State ;" and the faith of
etvilize
ths of .rs and themselves—the faith of four-
d
Eurnpe---is flippantly denounced as

"an obscene, and sanguinary nuisance 1" If the Irish
C7;:nolies be not PA dastardly as their most malignant
1 tradtitets would represent them, we know what an-
swer they will, and must make to this caustic appeal to
all that is brave and noble in their nature. Pre-
suming its object to be•=-by a timely disclosure of the
real sentiments of the Tory faction—to stinitilate them
to shake off the yoke under *hiA they are groaning,
we are tolerably certain of its success. The Catholics
must see that, until they have raised themselves, as
an independent religious community, to an equality
with the Protestants of England and the Presbyterians
of Scotland—until they have proclaimed to the
world their determination never to contribute a
farthing, in the shape of legal and compulsory assess-
ment, towards the maintenance of a religion opposed
to their own—until, in fact, they extort justice from
England—will the Tory bigots deride, insult, spurn,
and trample upon them. Let a conviction of this
salutary but obvious truth be engraven on their
hearts. It is the taint of slavery that is upon
them--the sin of weakness, not the errors of
their creed--that provokes the hostility of the
cowardly Tories. Don CARLOS is a Papist, and
a murderer to boot, and yet the Post styles him a
most amiable personage," and applauds the devotion
with which he assists at the celebration of mass. The
devout Catholicism of the Continental Princes is re-
peatedly lauded in the Conservative Prints ; nor, in-
deed, have we ever heard any objection raised against the
prevalence of the Romish religion by the Tories,
except in Ireland and Italy. The POPE and the Irish
Catholics appear to include the only objectionable
members of that body. But once free, and the name
of the latter will be removed out of the list of British
bugbears. We shall hear no more about the
" obscenity" of Popery, than we do about the anti-
Prelacy and Republicanism of the Presbytery. On
the contrary, the Standard will discover that the
dogmas held in common by the Churches of I,4lgland
and Rome include nearly.all that the latter holds essen-
tial to salvation ; and the Post will marvel at the bad
taste of any reader affecting to spurn the ob-
servance of a religion cherished at the Courts
of France, Spain, Austria, and Naples. Once freed
from the tithe and ascendancy fetters, and the Irish
Catholics will obtain—because in a position to com-
mand—the respect of Tories. To accomplish this
most desirable object no measure can be adopted
more efficacious than to shout " No Popery r: de-
nounce Irishmen as " enemies of the State and Gos-
pel," and denominate their religion "an obscene and
sanguinary nuisance I"

One of th• many good effects resulting from the dis-
missal of Colonel VERNER, is the light which it has
incidentally been the means of throwing upon the po-
licy which the Tories have determined to adopt towards
Ireland, should it ever be their lot to get into power.
Their public organs are all loud in condemnation of the
" tyranny," as they are pleased to phrase it, exercised
by the Irish Government towards the " innocent" Co-

lonel—the " meritorious" Magistrate, who discharges
the duty of keeping the peace, by stirring up strife
and hatred among the people committed to his juris-
diction. There is not, perhaps, in the long catalogue
of Irish feuds a single one, the remembrance of which
was so likely to rekindle the embers of religious discord
—so well calculated to -set on fire the inflammable mate.
rials which are seldom far from the surface of Irish so-
ciety,where the old and the new religions come into contact
—and certainly not farthest at the time of a general elec-
tion—as the bloody and desperate encounter between
the Catholics and Protestants of Armagh, known by
the name of" The Battle of the Diamond." To say
nothing of the blood spilt in the battle itself, its iminet.

diate consequence was, as Lord MORPETH has stated,
" to place that part of the country at the mercy of an
ungovernable mob." Now this, with its consequences,
is the conflict that a magistrate is deemed " meri-
torious" in commemorating, by giving it as a toast at
a public dinner ! Oh, what fine scenes we should
have in Ireland were she at the mercy of such men
and such magistrates as this Colonel VERNER
As a specimen of these scenes, we shall instance one
of those to which the " battle of the Diamond" led,
and in which the father of this Orange champion
figured in a way that satisfactorily accounts for the at-
tachment of the Orangemen to the son, and the hearti-
ness with which the Tory Journalists on both sides of

the channel plead his cause. In a letter to the Dublin
Evening Post, of Saturday last, Mr. GEORGE ENSOR
thus describes an outrage such as the military Magistrate
of Armagh thinks it his duty to commemorate :—" On
the 24th June, 1797, JAMES VERNER, Esq., WIL-
LIAM CLARKE, Esq., and JOSEPH ATKINSON, Ewl.,
marched with their yeomanry to the house of JOHN
KEEGAN, in Ballyhegan, parish of Kilmore : they
demanded from him 20 stand of arms, which these ma-
gistrates said they heard he had in his house ; he declarrd
he had no arms, and therefore could give none. On this
they burned down his house. They then went to the
cabin of J. M‘l vo R, in Ardress, parish of Loughgall, and
burned his house ; thence to M‘NiEc E's cabin, and,
on a similar answer to a similar demand, they burned his
house. The two last, M'l voR and M'NIECE, would
not prosecute the outrage, and they lived in the poorest
dwellings. JOHN KEEGAN, being a man of substance,
brought his action against JAMES VERNER, WIL-
LIAM CLARKS, and JOSEPH ATKINSON, the Ma-
gistrates, and an Armagh jury gave a verdict against
them for 3721. 10s."

In their defence of VERNER, the Tories betray
their Irish Sivstem of Government. The " Ascend-
ancy" principle would be their pole star. To the
Oppression of the Catholic population every other con-
sideration would be made subservient. Though the Con-
stitution has admitted the Catholics to all its privileges
they would practically be, as they have ever been
under Tory sway, a proscribed race ; while tranquillity
ould be preserved and affection conciliated toward the
Union by that truly Hanoverian and sovereign remedy,
the bayonet I Happily for Ireland, and for England
too, there is a hand at the helm fully able too steer the
vessel. Lord MULGRAVE has discernment to see, and
decision to avert, the dangers that threaten Ireland. He
will set his foot upon the neck of that turbulent faction
which would not hesitate to plunge Ireland into all the
horrors of civil war rather than forego the pleasure of
seeing the Catholics and the Protestants at bitterest
and straightforward course
enmity, In the manly
which he •has pursued towards the firebrand magistrate
of Armagh, he has given an earnest of his determine«
tion to preserve Ireland from her worst enemies —.those
unnatural sons whom she has fostered in her bosom,
and who repay her maternal care with the blackest and
most anakish inaratitude. They must, we suppose, be
called Irishmen, but Ireland disowns them. They are
foreigners in their feelings—in their hearts. They
would disgrace any country.

The whole of the Paris journals of Sunday have
been received. The Government had received intelli-
gence of the defeat of five battalions of Carlists near
Pampeluna. The rebels, after sustaining great loss,
were driven back upon Echarri. By some strangc
oversight no date accompanies this important an
nouncement ; but it would appear from one hun-
dred and fifty of the wounded having been con-
veyed to Pampeluna on the 13th, that the engage-
ment took place on the 12th instant. The same
despatch informed the French Government that a mis-
understanding had frustrated the combined movement
of Brigadiers ULIBARRI and IRIARTE

A breach had arisen between Übbarri and Marto, is

THEN, LONDON, rtitSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1-;';17

consequence of the Government refusing to r.ttify the con-
ven ion of the 7th instant, which had put an and to the distur-
bances in Pampeltm. firmericar4 had placed him-
: at the head of the troops at Llumbicr, and was pre-
paring to attack Estella, when Ulibarri separated from him.
O'Donnell was fortifying himself at Andpaiti, and
Guilielalde had heal reitalited bj tbree battalions seht
from Estella.'

We have no other news of any importance from
Spain. Of French domestic intelligence the follow-
ing extract inoludes all) save what relates tti the ek,
pected general _ _

The man-of-war which was seen off Toulon on the 11th
was not a frigate, but the Diadem, of 80 guns, from 13rest,
which cast anchor at Toulon during the night, and had
brought 200 sailors for the division. " Toe Captain of this
ship," says a letter of the 12th, "has just received orders to
put to sea again to-morrow morning, to join the squadron of
Admiral Gallois at Tunis.

" On the way from Brest to Tunis the Diadem did not
meet _with—any man of war. The Fulton steam-boat, which
was sent in search of the squadron of Admiral Lalande,
arrived at Toulon this mprning from Mahon, without having
fallen in with any ship belonging to the squadron. The
Cbamoi Xebec is to sail to-night for Tullis.

" The Tartal c steam boat has arrived from Tunis. At
its departure the squadron of Admiral Lalande had not yet
appeared there ; a frigate, astonished at the sight of our
ships, did not venture to make any attempt, and declared
that the troops it had on board were destined for the gar-
rison at Tripoli, which had been greatly reduced by the
plague. .

CRIMINAL COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

. .. . .. , ~. , ...
IUMMARY STATEMENT,HERCRITTIIE c iFte +Arittityi cfctiptcEs WITH
WHICH THE PRISONERA RE. ERALI.V STAND Ciffititiati.
Burglary HI Embezzlement i 4
Larce:iiis
Manslaughter
I‘lll,efi kanouf ••• • ••• • ":Stealing from the person
rt ,ii,e, •• . ..•"• - •••• "••,• I 101,1)tty 1.3 y Servants
Uttering and having Counterfeit Uti;rithiOngticids Hiirlef fiiL rite,
Coln in possession
Cutting and maiiniii3 3. Receiving stolen goons .. ..... 41, r

Total 2lO
London pri-onera 23
Middiete.t. ditto.;;,44
Essex ditto 4 ~. 44 2
Kent ditto
Surrey ditto

STATE OF HER MAJESTY'S GAOL OF NEWGATE.
MAIM UP TO SATURDAV ET ENING. Males. Females.
Prisoners under sentenc: of death
Prisoners tinder sentence of transportation for life 3 1
14 years 0 2
7 years 0
Ditto, for trial at the present Sessions
Ditto, whose judgments are respited

"Admiral Gallois having no light vessel with his division,
it is to be feared that the Ottoman squadron being in-
formed of our presence at Tunis, will effect a landing on
some other point of the coast, as happened when Admiral
Hugon commanded a division with the same object as
that of Admiral Gallois. If the Admiral had a light ves-
sel, he would send it to cruise on the coast, and retard
the movements of the Captain Pacha. —Le Commerce."

Total

HA MBURG, BORSEN HALLE, Surr. 9.
Bills. Money.
Austrian sletayiptes, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto 4 per cent
1)i51- • ditto 3 percent. 764 77N
Ditto Bank shares 1'367 1"65
Anglo-Russian Loan 1064 106%
Paper Inscription. 6 per cent —
Russian 5 per cents. Metal.
Russian inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates ....... ..... 97% 9:
rortuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent 4l
Ditto, 3 per cent. 25
Dutch 2j pot tints. 524 52
Ditto 5Mr Cents i.,9%
Nish Bonds, 3 per cents.
New Tickets .. 152 ‘A 151 X
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 7014 7"A
Norwegian Lean of 1234, 4 per cents
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents —
Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent lB% I$
Greek 4 per cents. 11133, guaranteed by France
EXCHANGES ON LONDON. —'
........
Hametnio, SEPT. 15 —l3 111,4 ; two months, 13 9%.
ST. PETERMMEGIi, Sun'. 3 —Three months, 10 43-64.
CRRIIiTIANIA, SEPT. 6.—Three months. 5 5.
STOCKHOLM, Surr. &—Two months, 12 17.
Beaux, Surr 12.—Three months, 6. 254.
BREMEN, SEPT. 21.—Tao months, 609 S.

OLD COURT.

Thomas Titken, an ill-looking fellow, aged 24, was con-
victed of stealing a silk pocket handkerchief from the per-
son of Mr. Pope, a solicitor, of Gray's Inn, on the 12th of
the °resent month. The prisoner had been twice before
convicted of picking pockets, and had not been long libe-
rated from the House of Correction.

Samuel Kendall, a shoemaker, aged 50, was indicted with
stealing on the 12th of the present month one pair of boots,
value 10s. 6d., the property of Thomas Davis.
From the statements of the shopman of Mr. Davis, a
shoemaker on Holborn-hill, it appeared that the prisoner
on the night of the 12th of September, about half-past
ten o'clock, entered the shop of the prosecutor, deliberately
took up the boots, and was about marching off with them,
when he was stopped by the shopman.
The case was clearly proved against the prisoner, who
said nothing in his defence.
The Jury found the prisoner Guilty.
. . _

Jas. Sinznwnds, aged 22, described in the calendar as a
pipe-maker, was indicted with stealing, on the Bth of Au-
gust, a rope, value 10s., the property of Mr. Thos. Clarke,
of Barking. From the evidence it appeared that the rope
in question was lost from the anchor of a barge belonging
to Mr. Clarke, that was ly:ng in Barking Creek ; and on
the Saturday following it was sold by the prisoner to a ma-
rine store-dealer at Barking.
The prisoner, in his defence, said that he found the rope
in a stream, while he was looking for water-tresses.
The Jury acquitted the prisoner.
The RECORDER said that in future he hoped the prisoner
would learn to distinguish between rope and water-cresses.
(A laugh.)
John Davis, aged 21, was convicted of stealing, on the
14th of the present month, from the person of Mr. F.
Alexander Curling, a silk pocket handkerchief, value 55.,
his property. This prisoner had been twice in Bridewell
before.

Susan Whitmore, aged 22, was indicted for stealing, on
the 26th of October last, a table-cloth of the value of 25.,.
a flat-iron, and a sheet, the property of Thos. Grubb, of
Garrett-lane, Wandsworth. From the evidence it ap-
peared that, the wife of the prosecutor carried on the busi-
ness of a laundress at Wandsworth, and missed the articles
in question on the 26th of October last. The prisoner at
that time livedin the adjoining house, and some of the pro-
perty was traced to a pawnbroker at Tooting ; but the
person who pledged them could not be identified.
Mrs. Grubb, on being recalled said, in answer to a ques-
tion from the RECORDER, that having suspicion that the
prisoner had committed the robbery, she had told her it
would be better for her if she admitted what she bad done.

The RECORDER said, in consequence of the Prosecutor's
wife having acted so foolishly, he could not hear any thing
more. As there was no legal evidence against the pri-
soner, she must be acquitted.
The Jury accordingly, under the Learned Judge's di-
rections, acquitted the prisoner.
