the interests or the Proprietors, and the future
welfare of the Slaves themselves. After a de-
bate,Mr.-Buxton withdrew his Resolutions, and
those of Mr. Canning were carried without a di-
vision. The supporters of the Abolition may
now congratulate themselves on having made one
great step towards the accomplishment of their
honourable object. That the question is embar-
rassed by some serious practical difficulties can-
not be denied ; but it seems now to be admitted
on all hands, that slavery cannot be regarded as
interminable ; and surely it is wise to make de-
liberate preparation for the important change,
rather than leave it to the operation of time and
chance.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
The extreme press of matter in our Payer pre-
vents our making this morning any comment on
the most important debate of last night, on the
presentation of the numerous Petitions, and Mr.
Fowell Buxton's motion grounded on them, for
the Abolition of Slavery in the Foreign Depen-
dencies of Great Britain. Mr. Canning moved
three resolutions as an amendment to that of
Mr. Buxton, which, we confess, we think the
House were right in calmly adopting. They em-
braced the great principle of ultimate abolition of
slavery, giving freedom to the rising generation,
and liberty to the sable bondsman himself, at a
period consistent with his own provision and hap-
piness, and the safely and property of the num-
bers who have millions embarked in the concerns
to which the African population are attached.—
The gradurat—emancipation of these devoted
behgs will be a soured of inestimable happiness
to themselves, and a foul and dark stain re-
moved from tIT character of Great Britain ; but
until the accursed slave trade itself is utterly
abolished—until the whole influence and force
of Great Britain are exerted to extinguish for
ever this infernal traffic in the tears and, blood of
thousands of human beings—all other exertions
are hopeless and almost vain. This abominable
trade is still carried on to a dreadful extent, on
the coast of Calabar and elsewhere, by France,
and even by Constitutional l'ortugal. If Great
Britain has not lost all her influence with the
first, it ought to be exerted to extinguish this
nefarious barter in human blood and misery ;
that she has the power, purchased both with
money, by ancient services, and recent protection
given to Portugal, to exact its extinction pe-
remptorily from her, until all vessels of whatever
nation so trading are subject to be treated as
pirates, and the right of unlimited search on every
sea conceded. For that purpose nothing effectual
will be done, let Parliament resolve as it may.
We trust that both Mr. Wilberforce and Mr.
Buxton will be unceasing in their efforts until this
great measure is accomplished.
