- •

CIT Y, TIIUCLSDiY EVENING.

A mail has this morning been received from France, by
which conveyance intelligence has come to hand from Con-
stantinople, dated the 10th June. The news from this capital
of the much respected ally of the Holy Alliance and of the
British Ministry, are of a pacific character, in as far as the
magnanimous Emperor of Russia is concerned. There was
not at that period the most distant suspicion that any in.
terference on the part of Russia would prevent the Sub-
lime Porte from inflicting the most signal vengeance oh
his rebellious Christian subjects and eight to ten ships
of war were expected soon to sail for Scio, to reinforce the
fleet under the command of the CAPITAN PACILA. This
addition to his power would, it was hoped, enable this
worthy chieftair of banditti to inflict on the other Chris-
tian islands of the Archipelago, the same vindictive pu-
nishment which the ill-fated Scio had suffered from his
hands. These letters also state a prevalent opinion, that
the provinces would soon be deprived of the presence Of the
Turkish troops. They also contain the news that 100 Christian
women, the chosen of the inhabitants of Scio, had arrived there,
to be placed in the Harem of this victorious barbarian, the
Capitan Pacha. One hundred boys had also arrived to wait his
future pleasure. At the latest dates the Turkish fleet remained
in the waters of Scio, and the Christian fleet hovered around
them like a pestilence. No battle had taken place- The supe-
rior farce of the Turkish ships, and'the superior seamanship of
the Christians, equally forbade it. Constantinople was tranquil,
and trade was "consequently improved.
From Smyrna the letters are only down to the 2d of June—,
There were no news in this city. The market for girls and
boys was rather dull, in consequence of in having been latterly
overstocked with these commodities from Scio. Christian ladies
of the most cultivated minds, and of the best external appear.
ance, could not be sold at from more than 4000 to 10,000 piastres,
and the plundered ornaments and wealth of the birth-place of
the immortal Homer, were equally unsaleable, in consequence
of their abundance. Ye philanthropists of England—ye visit-
ors of prisoners and of the distressed—ye friends of Aftican
savages, how long will you remain silent, when Christians and
highly cultivated Greeks are reduced to prostitution and slavery !
From Odessa, the letters are dated on the 14th June. There
were no news there, except in so far as the accounts falsify the
news from Constantinople of the 10th June, for there had been
no change in the situations of the Russian arid Turkish armies t
and there was not th© least indication of the evacuation of the
Principalities by the Barbarians. ,The exchange had agein
become more unfavourable, having been done at 25.10 ; the
previous quotation being '25.
From Leghorn the letters are dated on the 26th June. They
announce the sailing from Egypt. of 40 transports, loaded with
all the implements of war for the Turkish anny in Candia.
Amongst these ships there are five under the before-unpolluted
flag of England, the Defender of the Faith, and two of them
bear that of his Holy Apostolic Majesty. From Trieste the
information has been received that the fugitives from Scio had
not been permitted to receive the hospitality of Zante, a Gre-
cian island under the special protection of free England, but
had bi compelled to pursue their voyage to less vindictive
and more liberal coasts.

From all these quarters, the determined bravery of the Greeks
in the Morea is mentioned with the highest commendation.—
Napoli de Romania surrendered to the Christians on the 30th of
May. With that liberality which freedom of religious worship
always inculcates, the Turkish garrison was permitted to em-
bark in European ships, and to carry with them one quarter of
the property of the town. How hulike the conduct of the Turks
wherever prosperity has carried. them. Deserted by Christian
Europe, the present situation of the Greeks is certainly appalling
to every well-wisher for the 'nappiness of tha descendants of the
civilizers of the world. Their case is not, however desperate.
'They are engaged in the cause of liberty, and there is a charm
which attends their name which will permit none to despair of
their success. Constancy and devotion will hourly add to Gre-
cian liberty, and the cruelty and barbarity which the Turks
have already inflicted on them, render the success of their
cause more certain.

The finish has been put to Colombian freedom, for it is cur-
rently reported and believed, that Porto Cabello,. the last re-
tiree of the oppressors, has surrendered to the Patriotic Army.
rite Funds continue uncommonly dull. The Three per
Cent. Consols are 79a f, and for the account on the 18th cur-
rent 80i 81, and scarcely a transaction has been done in them.
The Old Fours are 97t and the New Fours 98 974. East
India Bonds 66 34.
Excepting in the favorite Stock of Prussia, very little
business has been done in Foreign Securities. The New Loan
came out yesterday at 84, but tee applications were so numer-
ous, that the Great Man could not comply wish all the demands
made on him. Many Brokers, thinking a nod as good as a wink
to a blind horse, acted on fent impressions, and sold as much as
they could above 84, conceiving that the difference would form
a profit to themselves. This day they have been disappointed.
The Contractor has not any to spare; the price has advanced to
85i, and the gulls have been left to pay the differences. To
render the advance more certain, the Contractor has brought up
the small quantity of the Old Prussian Loan which was in the
market, and its price advanced from 87,t to 99. The Brokers
feeling hurt, have begun to reflect on Sait-water Invoices, and
have resolved to be wise in future.
Trade is uncommonly dull. A considerable failure in the
Tallow line has been communicated from an outport.—(Morn.
ing Chronicle.)

SPANISH COMMERCIAL REGULATIONS.
The Spanish Government has decreed that the following
ports, St. Sebastian, Bilboa, Santander, Corunna, Cadiz, Malaga,
Alicant, Barcelona, and St. Crui of Teneriffe, are henceforth
to be the only ones where prohibited goods may be deposited,
with the exception, however, of foreign cocoa, sugar, cochineal,
indigo, coffee, corn, and fiour, which are declared inadmissible.
The packages of the prohibited goods roust weigh at least four
arrobes, and the vessels, either national or foreign, bringing the
same, must be upwards of 100 tons burthen. The deposit-duty
on those goods will be the same as that laid on unprohibited
ones. Prohibited goods cannot, on any account, be allowed to
remain longer than a twelvemonth in the place of deposit.--
They may be re-exported under any flag, provided the vessels
employed for that purpose be at least 103 tons burthen, if fo-
reign, and CO if national. In addition to the depodit-duty, the
prohibited goods re-exported in the former will pay a transit-
duty of I per cent., but if the goods be sent to the Spanish pro-
vinces beyond the seas, they must by all means go in national hot-
toms. And, lastly, prohibited goods on board any vessel less than
100 tons burthen,_ coming from a foreign port, and found within
two leagues of the coast, are to be confiscated, and the Master
fined in a sum equal to the value of the same; for the recovery
of which fine, the lawful goods on board, b,:onging to the
Master, as well *as the freight, will be liable ; and, if instil&
cient, the vessel herself, although she should not be his property.
With respect to vessels of more than 100 tons with prohibited
goods for the Peninsula, the Custom House officers afloat must
confine themselves to ascertain that they proceed straight to the
port of their destination, there being no occasion for disarming
those which are going from the ports of deposit to foreign min-
tries as the Masters must prove they have landed their cargoes
at the places to which they are bound.

INTERCOURSE WITH THE UNITED STATES.

COMMERCIAL. LAW-A 13STRA

" Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, that on
satisfactory evidence being given to the President Qf the United
States, that the ports in the Islands or Colonies in the West
Indies. under the dominion of Great Britain, have been opened
to the vessels of the United States, the President shall be au-
thorised to issue his Proclamation, declaring that the ports of
the United States shall hereafter be opened to the vessels of
Great Britain. Sect. '2. And be it further enacted, that in the
event of the signature. of a Treaty or Convention, concerning
the navigation or commerce b'Llween the United State-4 and.
France, the President of the United States he and is hereby
authorised, should he deem the same expedient, by Proclama-
tion to suspend, until the end of the next Session, the operation
of the Act, entitled an Act to impose a new Tonnage Duty on
French ships and vessels, all other duties on French vessels or
the goods imported in the same which may exceed the. duties
on American vessels, and on similar goods imported in the same.
Sect. 3. And he it further enacted, that the foresaid first and
second sections of this Act shall continue in force to the enti_of
the next Session of Congress, and no longer. Sect. 4. Be it
further enacted, that the 3d, 4th, and 7th sections of the Act,
passed the 3d of March 1317, entitled,An Act to continue in
force an Act further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports and tonnage,' passed the 3d:clay of March 1815, and
for other purposes, be, and the same are hereby revived and
made pagetual.
" Washington, May 6, 1322.—Approved."
