SPIRIT Or TIM P#BLICI JOURNALS.

,
One of our contemporaries havini44lxPresseu on
apprehension that the influence of the Church in
Spats may throw obsteelea in the way of any effort
for the recovery of the national rights and liberties,
it is of importance to state the truth upon that sub-
ject. Of religion, there is less among the upper
and middling classes of Spain than probably of any
other European nation; of superstition, there is
among the lowest of the people not more than may
be found in France, and not half so much as in Italy
or Ireland. The regular clergy—that is to say, the
monks, who have been fattening on the property
re-assigned to them after the year 1523, and which
had been appropriated by the Cortes to the wants
of the nation—ere
,enernies of course to the restora-
tion of that power on whose overthrow, in the year
above-mentioned, the enormous wealth of the mo
nastic establishments was wrenched from the
public, and re-granted. to the Priesta. The secular
clergy, even of the higher orders, are by no means
such inveterate foes to liberty as the monks;
and the parochial clergy, or cures, throughout Spain
are by a great majority its earnest advocates, many
of them having, in 1812 and 1820, been elected
members of the Cortes. The influence therefore of
that class among the members of the church of
Spain who come into most frequent contact with
the people, and communicate with them most freely
as Mends and neighbours, is lint a servile but
a conatitutional influence, so far as politics form
a topia of conversation. The monks and friars
being large proprietorsolmegh much impoverished
by the repeated petty robberies of Ferdinand
under the pretence of public necessity, have
an interest with their towns and dependents pot
much unlike that of other corporations, though, less
exteinuive than their's. The blow which severs the
bind or, tithe from its lazy and useless monastic pro-
fessors will extinguish them as a power in the coun-
try; for in their spiritual quality as ecclesiastics they
are even laughed at by the humorous and caustic
Spaniards, who understand them well. The monks
in Spain hive no actual calling or reputation but
that of tools to the court : the whole youth of
Spain, without . exception agamst them ; and it is
the young who dispose of empires.—Times.

It it now seen whether the movement in Brussels
was merelysiotous or decidedly revolutionary. For
our own part, we had no doubt about its magnitude
and importance from the commencement, nor did we
conceal our opinion. There were Journals that would
have the public believe, because the Burgher Guard
repressed the excess of the popelace, that therefore
the spirit of resistance to the Government was put
down. We, assured our renders that the Burgher
Guard made common cause with the people,
although they effectually restrained the popular fury,
which would have disgraced the struggle for national
rights by acts of a licentious intemperance. We were
told that those brave citizens who rescued the town
from the mutual violence both of the populace and
the troops,' and who took upon themselves the duty
of mounting guard at, all the posts, had no sympathy
with the people, from whose vengeance the consti-
tuted authorities fled, but merely took up arms to re-
store order and prevent further violations of the
laws. One Journal—the chief-mourner at the obse-
quies of Bourbon-tyranny, and the cringing syco-
phant of military Stntesmen—went so far in its
efforts to mislead the. public as to say that the dis•
turhunees were but the act of a riotous mob, which
'a few discharges of musketry were sufficient to sup-
press•s-eand that, in fact, the power of the Govern-
: meat was re-established. To show how utterly un-
founded this statement was we pointed to the
Burgher Guard performing the duties of citizen-
soldiere, not under orange colours, but with
'the old tri-coloured gag of Brabant floating ever
their heade• It was clear to every 'one Who
Was ;rot Wilfully blind thut, 'while' the citizens
of Brussels, preserved: public order,. with arms
it, their hands. , beneuth s this national ensign,
they did not co-operates With the Government, but
stood in the attitude tilfirm'defiamin,to its and were
resolved to persevere until grievances were re-
dressed, or revolution accomplished. If it were
otherwise, why did not Van Mau:sere the fugitive
Minister of Justice,—why did not Van Knyff, the
expelled Director of Police, return to minim the ex-
ercise of their fuections in the pacified city, They
knew that nothing could protect them from the
popular vengeance if they did ; therefore it is evident
that the town was quiet only because the immediate
objects of the public hatred were removed, and the
mass of the people bed confidence in the Burgher
Guard, that: Ahoy would. not lay . down their
arms until they had effectually asserted their rights.
Nobly have the eitizeessoldiers repaid that eonti-;
donee. Their attitude of heroic defience,, when it
Wateunderstood that the Trieste of Orange was efl-,
Vencitig at. the head of his troops to, employ the
logic of artillery, instead of that of negoelation
against the demands) of the people, peeve that they
were worthy of the great trust, which they had un-
dertaken to discharge, and that they had not siege-
iterated from their Belgic sires of old"—whose
manly virtues, and oven whose "ungovernable
boldness" of character extorted admirutioto from a
poet, whose genius was not more splendid than his
zeal, for the legitimate authority of Kings wee dis•
interestedly ardent. We regret that the House of
Orange—a family whose Herne stands an high on the
records of the glorious struggles of liberty--ewhose
grandeur is identified with the triumphant results
of no less than four revolutione—we regret that a
House so distinguished for heroisth and public
6111 e—before which the despotic ambition of
Louie XIV. was humbled, and to which Eye.
land owed bare deliverance from a Priest-ridden
tyranny, similar to that which France has over-
thrown, should, by harsh and arbitrary mea-
sures, make it the interest of a large portion
of its subjects to remind their readers that
" what is obtained by one revolution may be
lost by another." It is our hope anti since: re de-
sire that the pending tiegotiations between the
Prince of Orange and the Burghers of Brussels may
be amicably terminated, and that the grievances
which have driven all classes of the Belgians to make
COMMOII cause in resisting the measures of the
Government may give way to a more enlightened
policy, which will restore' to the King of the Nether-
)and a the alienated effeetione of IA brave people, and
surround a soil full of the noblest historicel reeol-
leetions with the rampart of eoluititudonal freedom.
It is lidmitte4 on.all, sides, diet the citizens-soldiers
who constitute the Burgher Guard acted with the
most intrepid courage end exemplary moderatien in
putting down the populist eeceesee, and in, perform-
ing the ditties of is conservutive force, while the city
was threatened whli the renewal of the sanguinary
violence of the populace and the troops—yet these
ere the amen who determined to resist, even unto
sleuths, the entraoce of the Priaee of Orange at the
bead of his armed legions, end for Oa purpose had
the streets burriettsined, end every prepuratsoo made
for an energetic defenses, Surely men who displayed
the intelligence amid temperance which they did, in
the midst. of frightful scenes, enact have Serious
grievances to complain of, to make theta feel it an
imperative duty to expose their lives, their property,
1"i 141 that men hold dear, in Open resistance to the
authority of their King. We deprersted the pease-
cations if the Preto Which William, itistigeted by the
"lurk)" *6lO of evil coulee:4l°re, was induced to'
ouderuske as a means of sileeeteg the expression of
ruhlie thecontent—but lie, like some other riders,
11 this time 'teemed that pereoeuted rfjeiniou has
a terrible reactious-e-Mensirig Ikratd;
Wir :wBotririnuti;olegrilveNzeibrittedlitaine the report (of
aeries of entertainments,. givitnlt 14"ilk""V2 °l'
'remise/in, and by lam to the elette7 firs ll'
plays a pure aid pebliteepirited teetoll4 swebich di°
I
nc
e urrence bet wool nnotnitteeiiiSfid te"gitil
borough einnesr, d voters, titer a
when 1
both pollee generally avoid each other. The el,:
emeettineed attending the late elereitits at fintinford
are of singular interest, pod demonstrate the riSitig
spirit of independence iii the middle kind low :t
4.4 !is ties of the cotntnureity against the dumiteition and,

yoke Of-the Nobles and Aristocracy.. The history.'
of the Borough of 'Stamford, and of this memorable
contest of . its Burgesses against the Cecil family
most graphically! illustrates the " Constitution" and.
Corporation system of England. The Roman roads
firSt opened to` the - vile of Stamford international
communication,' The walls were built by the Danes,
who, when they took the town, erected thorn as a
defenge against the Saxoos. Underneath the towers
of the ancient castles of the feudal Lords a rustic
population first sought refuge and protection from
their predatory neighbours and the noble thieires,
for in those times there were clan thieves. Personal
services and Manorial dues were the price of baronial
proteetion. A Norman Nobleman was the- first Lord
of Stamford, and in the year 121.5 its Baron aided
the compulsory signature of Magna Chute at.
Runnymede. In those days, when the Kings and
Monarchs of England had not coalesced together, but
hunted one another, the casting voice of the people
I was alternately sought by both parties._ On the Quo
Warranto deyices of Edward in 1277, for the
escheat of the great feudal properties, it was " the one
stout mart," the Huron of Stamford, " greatly be-
loved r by the people," as recorded in Hollinshed,
who defeated the Royal Out, and defied the King's
Justices, appealing to an old rusty 'sword drawn
from its sheath, as the instrument and tenure of his
possessions. Population increasing, the privilege of
seeding Members to. Parliament was of early date,
certainly in the reigns of the first Edwards. The
first incorporation of the Burgessee, into a Municipal
Local Government, was by the .Royal Charter of
Edward IV. in 1461. Thence for two centuries
eommeneed the common and successive tricks of
the different :dynasties of English Kings to influence
the public opinion of the large towns, and to con-
troul the inconvenient principle of free' elections of
Representatives in Parliament by means
,of revoca-
tion, surrenders, re-grants and modifications of
Charters. This dangerous and progressive preroga-
tive of the Crown was founded, we presume, on
the political maxim, " that those who give may
take away ;" it was ever exercised to the preju.
dice of the people. The Stuarts, and James H.
especially, tampered with those plastic and useful
pieces of political machinery—Corporations. A
Royal visit, or the more convenient pretences of dis-
tont grace and favour, were the several excuses for
cancelling one Charter and granting an inferior sub-
iititute. Our beloved subjects, the new Mayor and
Aldermen," are generally represented, in these lying
instruments, to have " humbly besought" tire mark
of their degradation ; and were, of course, subservient
tools, nominated by a dextrous King. Cromwell
followed tine example of his Royal predecessors, and
remodelled (as the phrase was) many corporations
to his liking and Protectoruting objects, affecting
the same paternal anxiety for the real interests of the
passive members of these complaisant commu-
nities. in course of time the Stamford Municipal
machinery, thus constructed, fell into private hands.
The castle, manors, and a greater part of the town
of Stamford, vested in the Crown in the reign of
Elizabeth, Cecil, the famous Lord Burleigh, was a
young lawyer, whose return for the borough of
Stamford (near which Iris family possessed pro-
perty), first introduced him to the Court and ser-
rice of Edward VI. His vote speedily obtained, to
begin with, the Mastership of Requests, u lucrative
office in those times. Elizabeth then granted him
04re crown property of Stamford, which afterwards
descended through the " male heirs, daughters, and
co-heiresses," to the present possessor, the Marquis
of Exeter. The "great man ' Lord Burleigh first
paralysed the 'elective franchise of Stamford.—
Butcher, in his " Survey and Antiquity of Stain-
ford," thus simply reeorda the process
" Cecil, then newly node Lord Burleigh, a
nun given to the state, and also lately become great in
promotion in and about Stamford, being trusted by the
townsmen for the obtaining ,of the fee-farm thereof, for
use 'of the Corporation, obtained the samefor himself, in
whose posterity it yet remaineth, to the great diradvan.
cage of the said-ttrwm"
Lordly domination, the castle manor and " antient
demesne," t he honours end judicious administration of
the Corporation funds and putronage,soon subjugated
the burgesses to the state and condition of a " rotten
borough." The advowsoes of five churches, and

the lea-ses of valuable property in the borough be-
longing to the colleges of St. John and Brazenose,
always let to the Marquis of Exeter (of course
with no reference to election Influence), added to
the controul of the Corporation in the administra-
tion of the funds of private charities, riveted as
usual the civil chains of the serfs of the House of
Burleigh. Mr. Parkes, speaking of the Stamford
Clergy, says to the electors, " they are ro a man
against you." As they were in the beginning se•
they will be in the end. Thus the Cecils had
hitherto' maintained an impregnable' nfluence in this
enslaved borough.- A family or the Cuits hod once
endeaventred to oust them in vain, end Sir Gerard
Noel, for his futile attempt, has ever since been de-
signated as a " madman." The mode of election

has been described by a Fortner Mayor, who, having
attained due highest round of the ladder of civic
hotwurs, appear►► to have turned King's evidence on
his predecessors in office. A Mr. Alderman Cooke

—this worthy Mayor, in 178,1, published during his
Mayoralty, an exquisite delineation of a Stamford
Election,—" a mere formal civil ,tort of Mine We
mast pi-client this delicious sample of liorouglimon.
gering tactics to our unenlightened readers—
" The interest of Lord Exeter in this borough is so
groat, arising trom three emotes, vix.---his property, his
employment of tradesmen, end his visiting and entertain-
ing the gentry--tbut no one ever opposes these who are
honoured with his recommendations and the business of
elections in this town for many years has been conducted
from the beginning to the end in a mere formal civil
method between the agents of Lord Exeter, the candidates,
and the Mayor, who is the returning officer,--.-in the fol-
lowing manner ;---the principal agent of Lott! Exeter
waits upon the hoping he will fix the day of elec-
tion egre,able to his Lordship's desire, which ben,o; dents,
the candidate; wait upon the ftttyor to desire he will at-
tend the canvass, and be sends to one of the body to meet
them, and they set off front the Mayor's house, and can-
ViIAN his parish first, with the Town Clerk, who has lists
of the Voters ready, and the town is canvassed in about

No (Jaye
,by the candidates, the Mayor, anti Corp°

ration, with Duch geiary as choose to honour them with
their company, and thy whoii. !ossifies, ends with the ut-
Inott good nature and harmony." •

Th.e late returns have been far less ceremonious

ban those thus described. The Lord Johns and
Lord Thomas's scarcely called on a dozen burgesses
in the town, but contented themselves with sulkily
soliciting from a few " Gentry" the favour of" your
vote and interest," as they paid a few morning calls.
The town was frequently ignorant of the fact of a
new election. This system verily worketl well for
the Cecile. The Pecrege Histories, the Army and
Navy Lists, the Ecclesiastical Records, attest the
value of the Porliat»entary se interest" of this family
as Sit instrument of exchange. Thus did this town,
with severs thousand inhabitants, continue a" pocket
borough ;" compared with other rising nianufactur•
log towns in its vicinity, 4 etagnant pool; and with
refereeee to political existence aod civil progress re-
semble a live toad, incisreerated a thousand years in
its free-stone quarries. We had, however, omitted
to state the rise in the wages of the electors. - Fifty
years since there was, in the language of the Sling
Elation Dictionary, "a brush," i, e. a little contest.
The eleetors had, heretofore, been accustomed to re-

eeive jive shading: and thrapenve from each of the
candidates. After the " breah;' the family
cul-
ti rather Inert! seclulonsly their "interest. ' In

18010, when the dissolution of the old Parliament
was rendered almost certain by the death of the late
King, two guineas wept paid by the Marquis of
Exeter's steward to the lower class of electors es a
compliment (it was pretended) for the former return
of their Representatives, This rise in prices was
doubtless an instinctive perception on the part
of the agents that a rebellious spirit was
rising in the borough. A spirit did, indeed,
arise, glorious, and renovating the mural cha-
racter of the inhabitants.- Education and a free
Pew berye wrought this political mira,cle. Not l'
:Vlthe Staniford News, b
thin hri7l;tehl.e :Forty.et the old established
paper, the •I'llerviry, one of
a v lOOlinellil newspaper properties, have

•
joined the cause of local independence. The ;nba.,
bitants were determined to emancipate themselves
from their slavery to " Burleigh Hall." .A pressing
invitation was forwarded to Mr. Tennyson, whose
'public character was well known as the member of
a wealthy and respectable Lincolnshire family, Mem-
ber for Illetchingly. Mr. Tennyson was only sum-
moned as the champion of deliverance a week before
the day of election. He entered the town on Friday,
July 23. The " heather was on fire." He was
received with the most enthusiastic feeling. The
former Members—Lord Thomas Cecil and his vela-
' tive Colonel _Chaplin--had completed their canvass.
Upwards of fifty voters had unfortunately pledged
their promises to the old Members, who would
we have gladly given, at least a split vote, to
the "third
a man."e
The election commenced on the
Thursday following, and concluded with the record
of 311 votes for Mr. Tennyson, who was only in a
minority 'of twenty-one below Colonel Chaplin,
having also thirty tendered, votes refused. Such a
result, under all the adverse circumstances, and with
a hostile returning officer and assessor, in a franchise
of 750, scot and lot voters, forms the most remark-
able feature in the late contested elections. On the
one side all was economy and public spirit; on the
other every usual electioneering corruption, and
ample ground for a petition against the return from
the open bribery practised by the ngents. But the
most atirnirable part of the contest was the subse-
quent offer of the defeated party to reimburse Mr.
Tennysou his expellees ; but which lie us honour-
ably refused to receive. Those expenses were,how.
ever, comparatively insignificant. On the conclusion,
of the contest, a public meeting was immediately
called to form a" Stamford Protection and Purity of
Election Society," for the purpose of resisting op-
pression and persecution of the lower class of voters,
Mr. Tennyson, on his retirement from the hustings,
announced his intention of an early visit to meet the
electors; and his re-entry into the I3orough last week
was of the most triumphant character. He met the
whole population of the town in two great public'
entertainments, and on'Thursday last a grand dinner
was to be given him, of the proceedings at which
we shall take a future notice. We have thus mi-
nutely particularised this disinterested and inde-
pendent struggle, as indicative of the spirit of the
times, and the crumbling of the Boroughmongering
edifices. Almost all the wealthy and respectable
Ishopkeepers and little tradesmen have embraced the
cause of independence, and no doubt can be enter-
tained of eventual success. Mr. Tennyson was pro-
posed by the senior Common-council-man, Mr. IL
Newsome, jun. whose father is alderman and joint
proprietor of the Slambrd Mercury. But no con-
siderations influenced many persons, however pecu-
liarly situated, and the most disinterested sacrifices
were made by all ranks. Unsolicited promises of
support have been made to Mr. Tennyson by many
of those who were previously pledged to the sitting
members, and by others whose prejudices have been
overcome by the scenes of the election. We are
also gratified to see that the Dissenters are not un-
mindful of their friends, and that they are now sup-
porting Mr. Tennyson with reference to his votes
on all questions affecting religious liberty. We
hold up this example of the free and honest
electors of Stamford, as a signal proof that" no effort
is lost." It forcibly proves, that the people only want
leaders. This contest took place in the very core
of boroughmongering rottenness. The people will no
longer be humbugged. The old system might work
well for Thomas Cecil (the brother of the
Marquis of Exeter) a Major in the " Tenth,"
and for Colonel Chaplin of the Guards; but the
people know that it does not suit their interests.
Lord Exeter will find it more difficult again to
seat Iwo members of his own family for Stamford,
than to win the Derby or Doncaster St. Leger. The
odds are against him; we will back the field. The
cost. of training for the Parliamentary Sweepstakes
now exceeds the worth of the prize, thanks to Mr.,
Hume. If the ballot is a good instrument of hypo-
crisy, and for degrading the people, we should not
wonder if the boroughmongers finally adopted it l--'
:Warning chronicle.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANBION-HOUSI4.

William Jones, the swindler, was on Saturday,
brought before the LORD MAYOR for final examina-
tion, charged with having defrauded a great number
of tradesmen of trifling sums of money. It was ex-
pected that there would have been troops of com-
plainants at the Mansion-house, but the sums which
the prisoner obtained by his roguery were so small,
and the ridicule attending the complaints which had
been previously made was 30 great, that but very
few came forward, and those were very anxious that
' their names should not be made known to the
public, from their dislike of a standing joke. The
moment the prisoner was put to the bar there was a
burst of laughter in the room, in which he could not
help joining himself.
Mr. William England, of No. 19, Crooked•lane,
stated that the prisoner called at his house to look
at some mops and washing-tubs, and after giving a
great deal of trouble, he ordered a washing tub of
the largest size and two mops to be sent to the
corner of Dean-street, in Tooley-street, where he
,aid he kept a cheesemonger's shop. About ten
minutes afterwards he returned and paid, " Oh
Mr. England, I have a little bill to pay a few doors
up here, and I am short twentypence; let me have
it, and I shall pay your messenger. when he brings
home the things.' The request was made in such
a manner as not to excite the least suspicion, and
the twentypence were of course at the service of the
customer.

The Lour) MAYOR—Did not the story of such a
deficiency stagger your belief? Mr. England---
No; the thing was done in
.such a manner that it
was impossible to think the man was an impostor.
However, I had no sooner given him the money
than I began to think it odd; so I accompanied
my porter to 'l'ooloy-street, and soon found that I
had been defrauded.

Mr. Williarn Ralph, schoolmaster, of No. 61,
Fore-street, gated that about a month ago the pri-
soner called upon him, and said he had two sons
whom he had just taken away from a school in
Yorkehire, the system of education there not, being
at all to his liking, and he was desirous of plocing
them under an enlightened man, of good morals.
" Now," said he, Mr. Ralph:' for be had my
name at his fingers' ends, " I wish you to take them
under your care, and I would rather, if you have no
objection, pay you weekly." To this no objection
was made, and, after some observations against the
Yorkshire mode of insteuction, viz. a great deal of
pudding and little meat, the prisoner went away.
In about five minutes he returned in a hurry, and
said, " Mr. Ralph, I have a bill of Al. 13s. to pay a
few door* off, and would thank you to let me have
fifteeripence, et I am short that much I AWL" •
The 1.44 R Moou—So you gave him the fifteen-
pence, in consideration of, the Yorkshire boys ?
Hr. Ralph—Yee, my Lord, I did.
The LORD MAYOU—Then you ore not York-
shire ?-,-(A. lough.)
Mr. Ralph-41e was committed to Newgatei and
the dicer was to let Inc kIIOW when the trial was
to come on, but he deceived me, end the prisoner
was at once acquitted for want of evidence. Next
day he had the impudence to call upon Inc to tell
me he would send his boys to my „boa imme,.,
dietely. I ordered him out of the 110110% cud next
day in walked two chimney-sweepers, and =seizing a
book each, down they sat on the bench, to the great
annoyance of my scholare.-,(Lorid laughter.)
The LORD MAyoß—Did they say they came from
the prisoner ? Mr. Ralph—They said they Mine to
learn oreek—(Laughter)--and. I was obliged to
get on officer to remove
A ca rpet-martu faun urer„ of . Ha t ton.gardere stated
that the prisoner called at his. shop, and after look-
leg at a variety of carpeting selected 4 certain pattern
and deeired it should be Sent to his house in Grey's-
jaw, Horseleydown, and thet the money was Waiting
there, as the article was to be taken into the country.
The .carpeting was cut off, sad 4, messenger dee
smelted with it. A few minutes after the meti-

,
eenger went the prisoner returned, and saying that
he, bad -,a small account to. settle over the *ay,
begged the loan of aixteenpence. The money was
instantly handed to him, and he gave 2(1. in change
of Is. 6(1. and departed. It afterwards occurred to
the tradesman that all was not right, and fearing
that hie messenger would be done out of the carpet-
ing, he trudged off to Greg'i-lane; Horseleydown,
but no such place was to be found. At length,
fatigued and alarmed, the poor man went into a
public-house, and walking into the skittle-ground,
who should he see half drunk and playing at skittles
but his messenger, who bad left the carpeting with
the landlord as security for the price of the liquor.
In several instances the tradesmen were put to
great inconvenience by the conduct of the fellow. A
good deal of laughter was excited by the story of
the trick be played upon Mr. Wilson, RR artist. He
called , upon Mr. Wilson, who frequents a public-
house in Lambeth, just as the artist was filling his
pipe, and told him that be was a dairyman now, but
had been a sailor, and he was at a loss whether to
have King William's head or a couple of cows over
his door. The artist thought the cows would be
more appropriate, and the terms having been agreed
upon, Jones, who saw preparations for a dinner,
said—" I'd sit down with you, Mr. Wilson, but I
happen to have laid out all my money this morning
in Smithfield market." " Don't say a word about
it, my good Sir," said the artist; " I'm oftener with-
out a shilling myself than with one, God knows."
Down sat Mr. Jones, the dairyman, and immediately
after dinner, seeing an - Italian imageman passing by
with a number of heads—" God bless me," said
he, " Mr. 'Wilson, there's a beautiful bust of his
Majesty; be good enough to lend me eighteerpence,
I must have it to put opposite your cows,' The
artist instantly borrowed the money from the lands
lord, and Jones ran after the Italian, but turned (limn
a wrong street, and could never find the way back.
Soon after this experiment Jones called at a brew
house, and pretending that. he came from a publican
who dealt with a rival establishment, he ordered six
butts of beer to the " Black Pedlar," in Hickey-
street,'Bethnal-green. He was requested to go'and
refresh himself at the tap. He consented, is he
felt "rather peckish," end having filled
.himself
with cold aitch-bone of beef and a pot of ate, bor-
rowed Is.. 6(1, of the landlord to buy a bottle.of
pickles, which, he said, were better next door than
any where else in London. The fraud upon the
landlord was reported to the brewers'olerks, who
concluded there was no stock of " heavy wet" re-
quired at the Black Pedlar, and soon ascertained that
there was not only no such house, but no such street
as that named by the customer.
Although it was stated in the Justice-room that
the prisoner did not succeed in defrauding a lawyer,
it has been found that he contrived to get is. 2d.
from a barrister. With the knowledge that the bar-
rister's clerk was out, he called at the chambers
and asked whether the Learned Gentleman had re-
ceived a. brief in the cause " Capps v. Reynolds ?"
The barrister replied that his clerk had the list of
his briefs and was out. " Because," said Jones,
" the new Act requires that I should enter the cause
in the registry books at Serjeants'-inn, and I shall
have to pay Is. 2d. for that." " Oh," said the
Learned Gentleman, " you had better do it at once,"
and handed the Is. 2d. to Jones, not thinking for a
moment that a man of respectable appearance would
descend to the meanness of defrauding him of a few
pence. It is needless to say that the cause of
Capps v. Reynolds" never came before a Judge.
Indeed Jones had taken measure of the professional
knowledge of the Counsel; for the purpose for
which he pretended to borrow the money was quite
a fictitious one, the new Act having no clause to the
effect stated by him at all.
We have also learned that he played a laughable
trick upon an elderly maiden lady of fortune, resid-
ing within a few doors of Alderman Waithman's
house, in Woburn-place. This lady is a well
known cat-fancier,
,and Jones had, no doubt, ob-
served some proofs of her taste, one or two of the
feline speeies being always to be seen in the win-
dow, with red collars round their necks, and a sort
of tucker half way down the back. He called at
the house, and stated that be had just imported a
cargo of Mocaubas cats. r, Dear me I" said the
lady, :" is there any thing peculiar in the breed;
there certainly is in the name ?" " Yes, Ma'am,"
said be, " they have short black cliiws, and can't
scratch," " Oh I I should like to see them vastly,"
said the cat admirer. " They are no mere than
lifteenperice a piece,. Ma'am; allow me to give you
couple;"a anti he pulled out two kittens, whose
claws he had clipped, and rubbed with sloe juice.
He received the 21. 6d., with a direction to bring
half a dozen more of the Mocaubas breed in a few
weeks; and the little foreigners were deposited in a
mahogany case, and ,kept, according to the direction
of the importer, wrapped up in wool, and fed upon
create. By the time he was to have completed his
order, however, the claws must have grown to their
usual length, and resumed their usual colour, and he,
of course, forgot to renow the supply.
The Loan MAYOR ordered the prisoner to be im-
prisoned as a rogue and vagabond for three months.
