“ BITTER” SECRETS.

This was an action brought in the Sheriff's Court on
Friday by the plaintiff, Jolly Joseph Manning, " a dealer
in compounds and manufacturer of bitters," residing in
Grove-end-lane, against the defendant, Henry King, land-
lord of the Norfolk Arms, in the Strand, for 31., the al-
leged value of 61 gallons of bitters, at the rate of Bs. per
gallon, and 6s. the price of the cask. The defendant
pleaded, first, that he was not indebted, and secondly, that
the article supplied was of a noxious, pernicious, and un-
wholesome nature.

W. C. Rouse, clerk and collector to the plaintiff, stated
that the defendant was supplied with the goods in question
on the 4th of September last. When witness subsequently
called for payment, the defendant said that plaintiff had
not served him with the article he wanted, and urged wit-
ness to take it back, but he declined, as a-considerable
quantity had been used. Witness took samples of the
bitters, and handed them to Messrs. Porter and Davis,
chemists.

Cross-examined--The defendant offered to pay for the
quantity that had been consumed. The Learned Counsel
then cross-examined the witness at some length with a
view of showing that the article supplied to the defendant
was not what is known in the trade as " bitters," but which is
sold to them for the purposes of adulterating beer and
spirits, &c:
Mr. JAMES referred to a lithographic circular, which
set forth, " The only place to obtain the genuine imperial
bitters is at Manning and Co.'s, 9, Mincing-lane, Tower-
street, City," (the former residence of the plaintiff).
The circular was headed " Spiller's celebrated Recipes,"—
and proceeded, " To make up 100 gallons of strong gin
for middle price :—To 100 gallons of strong gin put 26
gallons of liquor (the trade term for water), two gallons of
imperial bitters, 20 lbs. of lump sugar, two ounces of sweet
spirits of nitre, half a gallon of noyeau, half a gallon of cin-
namon, two ounces of grain of paradise, two ounces of
bruised coriander seeds, one ounce of juniper berries, one
ounce of angelica-root, cut small one cake of salt prunella.
The ingredients within this brace (referring to the five last
items) must be bruised in a mortar, then put over:a slow
fire in three pints of water simmered down to two, and
strained. Then fine with three ounces of roach alum and
three ounces of salt of tartar. Bead with five pounds of
pure honey." " For lowest prices, or threepenny gin :
To ten gallons of the above add one gallon of liquor."
Mr. William Porter, apothecary, Bedford-street, Bed-
ford-square, stated that the two samples produced con-
tained what was termed purl bitters. He understood they
were usually put into gin and beer. Witness received
them from Rouse, and had tasted them, and found nothing
noxious, pernicious, or unwholesome. He believed the
bitters would make gin, ale, or beer agree better with the
stomach—(holding out the samples to Mr. James).
Another apothecary, named Davis, said there was nothing
noxious in the stuff.

George Fox, landlord of till Carpenters' Arms, South
Pimlico, examined—Had used the plaintiff's bitters for
the last thirteen years. It was not an article that came
under the jurisdiction of the excise. There was another
kind of bitters known as cordial bitters, which was excise-
able. He had sold thousands of gallons of this kind of
bitters mixed with sherry, gin, and other spirits. He sold
fifty gallons a year.
Mr. JAMES—What I mixed with wine and spirits, for the
benefit of her Majesty's subjects? Witness--Yes.
The witness added that his wife was generally very
unhealthy, and she drank it.—( A laugh.) It did her more
good than all the doctors in the world.—( Laughter.)
Mr. JAMES contended that his client was not liable, inas-
much as the plaintiff had not sent him what he (defendant)
had ordered, and which was generally understood among
the trade by the the name of bitters—( Shewing a bottle
o the Jury, containing a liquid the colour of brandy).
UNDER- SHERIFF— All, that certainly looks better than
he other.
The Learned Counsel contended that bitters was in-
citified in the Excise Act, and came within the Excise
laws, yet the plaintiff sent no permit with the article sup-
plied to the defendant. It was clearly more fitted for a
doctor's shop than a public-house. Bitters was a cordial
generally consumed by persons after a night's debauch, in
order to restore their stomachs to a proper tone. This, on

the contrary, there was little doubt, was sold for the pur-
pose of adulterating beer and spirits.
Several witnesses were called for the defence, and some
merriment was excited by the Jury's grimaces, when they
applied their noses or lips to the sample bottles.
The UNDER- SHERIFF remarked that the liquid smelt like
bad cheese, and
The Jury requested to taste the cordial bitters dis-
played by Mr. James, in order to judge of the difference.
The UNDER- SHERIFF—I would advise you not to taste
too much, before you deliver your verdict.—( Laughter. )
Mr. James Jackson, formerly a publican, said that be
purchased two gallons of Mr. Manning's " imperial bit-
ters," and upon tasting it when delivered, he threw it down.
Mr. James Weaver, victualler, of Buckingham-street,
Strand, proved that similar bitters had been sold to him, to
adulterate and
Messrs. Iph
ginEwiick with,
Edward Ford stated that they did
not consider that the compound sent in by plaintiff was
what would be known as bitters, which the defendant
ordered.
The UNDEU- SHERIFF summed up, and the Jury found
for the defendant.

Mr. Bucke, in his " Harmonies of Nature," says
that an indigenous species of wheat has been discovered in New
South Wales. This is curious, as hitherto no researches have proved
successful in ascertaining the native habitation of the staff of man.
It is probable that the plant so early cultivated and preserved by
man, might have entirely perished in its wild state, like some ani-
mals, the camel, the lama, &c.—Gardener's Gazette.
The answer to inquiries at Lord Essex's, in
Belgrave.square yesterday, was that his Lordship was better. IE6
Lorcship has disposed of his fine estate in Herefordshire, called
Hampton Court, to Mr. Arkwright.

SPIRIT of the PIJI3LIC JOURNALS.

(From the Morning Edition of The Sun.)

We published, in a Second Edition of The
Evening Sun of Saturday, the interesting account
which was given to the assembled Corn-law Dele-
gates of the reception given to their Deputation by
Lord MELBOURNE. The country will learn with
regret, and the Ministers, with we hope a stronger
sentiment, that our exports to Europe are now
gradually limiting themselves to the raw materials,
and that where our exports have increased it has

been with countries from which we are suffered to
take goods in return. These facts are of such
paramount importance that often as they have been
stated, we think it our duty again to repeat them,
on the high authority of the Chairman of the
meeting. Mr. SMITH said—
They endeavoured to show his Lordship that their ex-
ports to Europe were now confined chiefly to raw mate-
rials, that their exports of manufactured articles to Europe
had been constantly diminishing since the peace, while
their exports of raw materials had been increasing, and
that, notwithstanding the population of Europe since the
peace had probably increased 50 per cent., our exports to
Europe were less by 20 per cent. for the last five years
than they were the first five years after the peace. These
exports were now principally confined to cotton twist (a
raw material in the first process), iron, steel, coals, wood,
and different other a.ticles which furnished foreign ma-
nufacturers with the means of manufacturing for them-
selves, and of competing with British manufacturers
in neutral markets. They also stated to his Lord

ship that in many cotton articles, woollens, hosiery,
and in hardware and cutlery, the Germans add Russians
were not only supplying the demand of their own mar-
kets, but were also supplying foreign neutral markets.
Then, as r. spected hardware and cutlery, it was stated to
his Lordship, and offered to be proved, that in Wolverhamp-
ton, where the people had the raw material under their
feet, the Germans had successfully competed with them in
almost every article ; that list could be shown, comprising
about 1,200 articles, almost every one of which the Ger-
mans could supply in the general markets at from 10 per
cent to 15 per cent. less than the people of Wolverhampton
could furnish them.—( Hear)—and the inferiority of price
in the foreign articles was most to be observed where manual
labour formed a considerable portion of the manufacture.

The history given of the woollen trade by Mr.
Stansfeld is also very instructive, and we can con-
firm some of the statements by those which ap-
peared in our own Journal in October. We were
then enabled to state, on the authority of a recent
traveller in Germany, that at present no English
cloth is to he met with in Hanover, while twenty
years ago hardly any other was to be found. We
must also reproduce a part of Mr Stansfeld's state-
ment :

Ist. Until a few years ago, the English wool-buyers at
the great German wool-fairs predominated so much in num-
ber, and in the extent of their purchases, over the buyers of
other countries, as to rule the prices; but within the last
few years the German and Belgian buyers have exceeded
them in their purchases, and the English buyers arc now
regarded as of4rnall comparative importance.
2d. The exceedingly rapid growth of the woollen manu-
facture in Prussia, and the other countries of the German
Continental League, is shown by the fact, that five or six
years since the quantity of German woollen cloths exhi-
bited for sale at the Leipsic Easter Fair was only 50,000
ends (an end being half a piece), whereas last year the
quantity exhibit • d was 350,000 ends,—being an increase of
600 per cent.
3d. That, independent of the duty laid on English
cloths in Germany Prussian cloths are sold much cheaper
than English. A large wholesale buyer from London
states that a Prussian cloth at 16s. per yard is equal,
in quality, to an English cloth at 225. per yard. This differ-
ence in favour of Prussia has now been discovered by the
Americans. English fine woollens are all already excluded
from Germany, and from several neutral markets: and as soon
as the Prussians can sufficiently extend their manufacture,
which they are doing with astonishing rapidity. they will beat
the English in all neutral markets, and probably even in the
home market of England itself, notwithstanding the im-
port duty on foreign woollens in this country.
The diminished export of our woollens, and in-
creased export of our wool, to which we adverted
on Thursday, confirms Mr. STANSFELD'S state-
ment. An important consideration for our wool-
growers arises, we think, from this circumstance.
At present the price of wool, owing to the compe-
tition which our manufacturers are yet able to
maintain, as Mr. STANSFELD said, is still high,
but it will not keep high when our woollen manu-
facturers go to decay ; and by keeping up the
Corn-laws, therefore, and injuring our woollen
manufacturers, the growers of wool are preparing
their own certain destruction.

The meeting, after hearing the statements of
the Chairman and Mr. STANSFELD, at the
suggestion of Mr. STURGE re-alfirmedi their
former resolution, that they rgeuired " the total
and immediate repeal of all laws imposing
duties on, or restricting, the importation of
corn." It will be remembered that Earl FITZ-
WILLIAM indicated in the House of Peers that the
manufacturers would be content with less than the
total repeal of all the laws affecting the supply of
food, and the Delegates passed this resolution to
convince the Noble Lord that he had mistake❑ their
intention, and to remove the impression which his
speech might have made on the public. This was
wisely done. At the same time the advantages of the
total repeal for the agriculturists, and the injurious-
ness of a fixed duty, even for the purposes of
revenue, were ably set forth by Mr. EDWARD
BAINES. We earnestly adjure the Delegates to
keep to their noble purpose of resisting all taxes or
regulations on food, and they will be supported by
all reflecting men, if they declare that society will
no longer bear a parcel of " notoriously inefficient
and slovenly Legislators," even when they have
only hackney coaches and highways to regulate,
interfering between the Providence of GOD and the
wants of his creatures. For all parties, it will be
hest now to place this great subject on its natural
basis of perfect freedom, as the only one on which
it can rest unshaken, and where all parties may
count securely on its being liable to no other va-
riations and changes than those brought about by
varying seasons.
An amusing episode was supplied by the
crammed Mr. WOOD making his appearance
before the Delegates, to defend himself from

the accusation that he had done their cause
considerable injury by his speech on the
Address. The Hon. Member could not compre-
hend how he had injured the cause by statements
which be affirmed were strictly accurate ; but the
Chairman explained to him that it was by his
omissions. The Hon. Member had taken positive
numbers, when he should have taken comparative, and
should have shown, if he meant to do justice to his
own friends, that the increase in our various exports
was going on at as great a ratio as at former periods,
and that we kept pace with other countries, neither
of which Mr. WooD attempted to prove, or could
prove. For example—the population of Europe
has increased since the peace, 50 per cent. ; and
our exports to Europe were less during the last five
years, than during the first five years after the
peace ; though, if we had not cut off our
commerce with Europe, by means of our
Corn-laws, there can be no doubt that our
exports would have increased nearly in pro-
portion to its increase of population. Mr.
Woos should have stated, too, that while our ex-
ports of raw materials have increased only 3 per
cent., the exports of countries with which our mer•
chants and manufacturers are daily brought_ into
competition have increased in a much greater ratio.
It was by omiting or concealing these facts, and
merely stating that our exports of cotton twist,
&c.. had increased, that Mr. WOOD did a great in-
jury to the cause of his friends. We were present
in the House when he made the statement which
we castigated the next day; and every item of in-
crease he mentioned was loudly cheered by the
country gentlemen. Every body who had an atom of
brains felt, as the Hon. Member went on enume-
rating the increase of our exported articles in 1838,
that Mr. WOOD, the Manchester manufacturer, was
giving blow after blow to the case which the Corn-law
Abolitionists were enxious to establish. The thick-
headedness which will not enable the Honourable
Member now to see that he acted wrongly, must
convince the public that his error arose from his
want of capacity. He did not designedly do mis-
chief—he is merely dull of comprehension. Ihe
report of the meeting of the Delegates, which our
friends in Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, &c:,
must have received yesterday, would be very grati-
fying to them, as a decisive proof of the discretion
and vigilance with which their delegated townsmen
are acting.

A letter from Mr. BAINES, of Leicester, the
gentleman who has had the honour of being pro-
nounced contumacious by the Spiritual Court for
demurring to the payment of Church-rates, will be
found in another column. Our readers will per-
ceive that Mr. BA INEs reiterates the complaints
made by Mr. CHILDS and others against the Lon-
don Church-rate Abolition Society. Whether the
Society have neglected or betrayed their trust, whe-
ther they have done all that it was in their power to
do, or have yielded to " seductive influences," and
left their country constituents in the lurch, are
questions upon which we do not mean to enterlu
present. They will doubtless deem it expedient to

answer for themselves. They may perhaps be
to show that more was expected from them

they had power to perform, and that they
did all that under the circumstances they
could do. How this may be we cannot tell until
we see their defence.

And now let us give the opponents of Church-
rates a word or two of advice. If they really wish
to get rid of the evil, they must trust neither to
Governments nor to Societies. They must do
the business themselves, fighting their own battles
in their own parishes. Let them everywhere offer
an uncompromising resistance to the claims of-the
Church. Where they are overborne by numbers
and cannot prevent the laying of a rate, they can
still give a passive resistance by refusing to pay,
letting the law take its course, and suffering the
spoiling of their goods rather than acquiesce in
that which they feel to be a violation of conscience.
They will thus show that they are in earnest, and
the Church itself will soon see the necessity
of a speedy settlement of the question. Until this
plan is generally acted upon it will be in vain to
hope for any decisive measure from the Government
—which, however willing to relieve the Dissenters,
is utterly powerless on this question. The Dissen-
ters are charged by their enemies with hypocrisy, in
resting their opposition to Church-rates, on scruples
of conscience. Can any thing give a greater colour
to stich an accusation than the simple fact, that
though they have it in their power to put an end to
this conscience-oppressing grievance by a trifling
sacrifice, they will not submit to it ?
(From the Morning Chtonicle.)

Ail the friends of the present Government will rejoice
to learn that Lord Morpeth has joined' the Cabinet.
The advocates of reform and improvement will be the
more gratified, as they will remember that Lord Mor-
peth, in his communications with his constituents,
avowed very decided opinions in favour of the Ballot.
Thoie who know his high character for integrity and
firmness, will be sure that he would claim to be con-
sistent, and therefore feel confident that the Ballot will
in future be considered by the present Government to
be an open question. The Marquis of Normanby
succeeds Lord Glenelg as the Colonial Secretary. This
appointment cannot fail to afford great satisfaction to
the country. We do not vouch for the truth of the
statement that the cause of Lord Glenelg's retirement
was the proposal of his colleagues that he should take
the office of Privy Seal, though this is currently re-
ported and believed in well-informed circles.
We this day lay before our readers the conclusion of
Lord Durham's Report. They will now be able to form
a more correct judgment of the value of the various
changes proposed by him for the future government of
the North American colonies, than they were enabled
to do by the outline given by us on Saturday. Tile late
insurrections in Canada have been so far beneficial that
they have led to the conviction that we cannot hope to
retain the colonies, without a complete change of system ;
so that the bold suggestions of Lord Durham, that at
another time might have been disregarded, may now
receive the consideration to which they are so
justly entitled. Every year's delay would have added
to the difficulties of the crisis ; and without some such
crisis as that which has taken place, the ground would
not have been prepared for the sweeping canges which
must be made. We ought either to govern our North
American colonies on sound principles, or to abandon
them at once ; for to retain them by a military force is
not to be thought of for a moment. Let us hope, then,
that the principal suggestion of Lord Durham will
be carried into effect. Let us abandon the mi-
serable idea of preventing the improvernement of the
colonists, by withholding from them the advantages
of municipal and other institutions by which they
manage their local concerns ; and in particular, let
us apply the principles of the English consti-
tution to the Colonial Assemblies. The change pro-
posed by Lord Durham, that the Assemblies should be
deprived of the means of jobbing in the revenues, and
that all money grants should originate with the Gover-
nor, would add materially to the influence of the Gover-
nor with the assembly ; while on the other hand, a ma-
jority in the Assembly being necessary to the conducting
the Government, a powerful motive would exist for
avoiding all wanton collision with the representative
body. With respect to the legislative union of the
two provinces, we have always said that it presented
the only means by which collision between the two
provinces could ho prevented. All the substitutes
for this measure of which we have heard have been
insufficient. To allow the French to have again an
Assembly of their own is not to be thought of. The
provinces ought never to have been divided, and the
re-union presents an easy way of making the colony
thoroughly British, by means to which the stoutest
stickler for constitutional right cannot object. We have
heard it said the British Government is essentially a
Government of corruption and patronage, and the Aris-

tocracy never will consent to an improved administra-
tion of the colonies—that if a Governor were to act with
honesty and singleness of purpose, he would incur the
hostility of the Home Government—the fate of all Go-
vernors who have hitherto endeavoured to act fairly to-
wards those committed to their care. But we have no
longer a choice. We cannot, without a ruinous sacri-
fice of money, maintain military possession of the colo-
nies ; and there being an overwhelming necessity in
the case, we must either govern them on principles ap-
proved of by the colonists themselves, or spare ourselves
the moitilication of parting in a discreditable manner
by voluntarily renouncing our sovereignty. When we
look, however, to the sums already expended on these
colonies, to their extent of fertile territory, to the number
of destitute men in these islands whose industry might
make the lands productive, we cling to the hope that
the connection may be enduring. And now that com-
munications are so easy and rapid, we do not see why
much difference should be made between colonies and
parts of the parent state. The country at all events
owes much to Lord Durham for the light he has
thrown on this important subject.
(From the Morning Advertiser.)
The resignation of Lord Gienelg has led during the
last two days, to the circulation of various rumours re-
specting the appointment of his successor, and of the
consequent changes to be made in the Cabinet, not one
of which we believe to be correct. Lord Morpeth
took his seat in the Cabinet on Saturday last as a Ca
binet Minister, but not as Secretary for the Colonies

. _
in the room of Lord Glenelg, but as Secretary fO;
Ireland. Some of our Contemporaries have been
kindly pleased to adjudge various places to various po-
litical persons of the present day—such as that
Lord Howick was to occupy the place of Lotrll,dfatGttliieli-oe
Gle-
nelg—that Lord Normanby was
thesame
place—that Mr. Stanley, the Secretary have
ae
Treasury was to go to Ireland, and lastly,
Duke of Sussex was to have filled the apparently
vacant place of Lord Normanby in the metropolis
of
Ireland. Now we do not pretend to any greater poli-
tical information than those of our Contemporaries
who have made such guesses at coming appo'nt ments ;
only but this we will venture to assert, that three of
the rumours have ever been canvassed in the C
ah
first, the appointment of Lord Howick to the Colonial
x
department, against which every one ei alms .---F e-
condly, that of Lord Normanby to the
against which every one also exclaims, unless be:
fol-
lowed by a Nobleman of equal ability and libel aTic;
and, thirdly, the appointment of his Royal gHighnessy
the Duke of Sussex to supply the place of that liberal
and excellent Nobleman, Lord Normaobya,siaweeasreegtlrat
e let
he should be called upon by her Majesty to discharge
the duties of Colonial Secretary. Much
the retirement of Lord Glenelg from an office to th
du-
ties of which he has been devoted, we are frank to own
that such an arrangement as that which we have nolvnewn
tioned would be eminently satisfactory. Lord Normanby,
even if not so well acquainted with the duties of Colonial
Secretary as the late possessor of office, is nevertheless
gifted with all the qualities which in the course of a very
short time would render him thorougly master of them ;
while his well-known liberality and justice, as exempli-
fied in his. Governorship of Jamaica, and his Viceroy-
ship of Ireland, could not fail to instil into the bosoms
of our Canadian fellow-subjects the greatest confidence
of their being fairly dealt with. With respect to the
appointment of the Duke of Sussex to the Viceroyship
of Ireland, only one opinion can be entertained. His
Royal Highness is eminently fitted for it, not only
by
the liberal views which he has always most consistently
expressed, but by his eminent and respected station in
society. His principles, now followed out almost to the
verge of his existence, have been the source to him of
at
great personal discomfort in many ways ; and we frankly
own that not only for his sufferings, but also for the per_
sonal respect which, in common with all the friends of
freedom, we owe him, we should rejoice to see him
finish a career so honourable to himself; and so user,' to
the country, by his filling a situation which wouldonce afford him the opportunity of gratifying his 0n
benevolent feeling, and of healing the wounds which still
separate Ireland from the only country with which it
ought to be permanently connate I.

The petition of the Newcastle Chartists has beer,
taken to town by a delegate, with 35,000 signatures attached,
1.
_.
about 00,000 signatures over and above the whole adult mate 1,31,L
lation of the town !: : " The 115 maids of St. Andrew,,,, and
other fair and unfair allies, must have Leen pressed into the service.
PRESTON ANTI-CORN-LAW ASSOCIATION.
—This Association, we are happy to say, goes on prospering.' Ile_
tween one and two hundred pounds have beets subscribed, thcurth
until now the matter has not been laid wholly open. It' the :,,ita..
tion be carried on with half the spirit with which it has commenced,
the Ministers will depend upon the,pcople, and not the People upon
the Ministers.—Preaton Observer.
FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE NORTH TT
"-NION
ItsiLwAY —On Thursday afternoon, as the train which leaves
M as proGeed''v
on its journey, an accident took place which was attended with fataTl
consequences. On the train striving at C -oppni station, the
gineer found that he had gone some yards past the place of st
- len"
°l' upon which he put the train backwards, when a man of
the "anie
I'ng.
of Hugh Calderbank, residing at Chas neck Richard, who w a
ing in the direction of the train, was knocked down, and
rust m stand-
by several carriages. He was killed on the spot. Another
person
was al, o knocked down, bust not hurt. INe understand till Irtnloi
ti blame whatever attached to any of the parties conducting the train.

fr'N
r‘,

- iSi ;..: •i- . - iet'..), 0)
7t
)
:i -. ..- ,
.." ~ 5 i N.. V. 7 ' d , :*.:- t 7:: -e?
d ..-?..., • --. :--:.• I''AN.
. le
t 4 Ir ~j
1 IS..ti :4 1/47

MEETING OF THE ANTI-CoRN-
LAW DELEGATES.

INTERVIEW WITH LORD MELBOURNE.
'The Delegates met at Brown's Hotel on Saturday afternoon al
the- usual hour,

Among those present we observed the following Members of Par.
liament and Gentlemen :—Sir G. Strickland, M.P., Mr. Mark Phil.
11Ps, M.P., Lord Nugent, Mr. G. A. Young, Mr. Ewart, Mr.Howaid
Elphinstone, Sir Benj. Hall, 31.1'., Mr. G. W. Wood, M.P., Mr.
Scholefield, M.P.,land Mr. Villiers, M.P.
Lord NUGENT stated that he rase for the purpose of handing a
letter to the Chairman, signed by the Vestry Clerk of the
parish of bt. Marylebone, on behalf of the Vestry of that
Parish, appointing himself (Lord Nugent) and Mr. Gi!bet Voila?, as
Delegaes to this Association. His Lordship expressed his prick and
Pleasure in acc:,ptiLg this office, and that lie was sent here to r..,pr-
stkit a large and pophlo.is parish, in which the feeling on this subject
was ahnost unanimous.

the statements he had made on Thursday night could be at all con-
sidered as inaccurate or injurious to the gentlemen present. He was
not aware of those statements being inaccurate if they were lie was
very sorry for it:
.Ifahey were not inaccurate he could hardly see in
what way they could be injurious. It did not appear to him
that the great object they an had in view, in seeking to
remove those unjust laws, could be injured- by the truth
being knowu.—(Loud cries of " Hear, hear, hear. ")• In
the discharge of a duty that had devolved upon him, it appeared to
him necessary to take a review of all those circumstances connected
with the subjects that had attracted public notice. In taking that
review, it seemed to him necsssary to advert to the state of the trade
of this country. When Parliament was assembled twelve months
ago they were suffering from a state of great convulsion in the corn.
mercial world—the manufacturing interests were in great diffi-
culties ; business had been suspended, and the labouring popu_
lation had been deprived of their ordinary means of subsistence.
He thought it his duty to show that the industry of the country
had recovered itself, that trade had returned to its ordinary
channels, If it should be thought that in going into those state-
ments he had a special reference to the repeal of the Corn.
laws, he could only say it was by no means a desirable opportunity
for doing so. In a speech of that nature he was limited for tire,
and he should have thought he was compromising the object they
have in view by mixing with a statement respecting the trade of the
country, matters involving such deep interest as the Corn-law repeal.
He apprehended that from what he then said in the discharge of a
public duty, no one would have drawn such an erroneous conclusion
as some seemed to have done. He had not then concealed his
earnest desire .for the repeal of the Corn-laws. He was yet
perfectly ignorant how anything that had fallen from hit
could possibly injure the cause the Delegates had at hear
If it could be shown to him that such bad been tl:
or that his speech could have such an effect, he shou.a
unfeignedly lament it; but until that was shown to ion
he must still feel that he could not retract, He believed that he Ilan
only spoken facts. Ills sentiments upon the subject were not of late
formation, and he went as fir as any gentleman present for the re-
peal, and whatever might be the opinions that gentleman might form
of his speech, he would still do everything in his power to further
their views. He intended to have requested an explanation as soon
as he saw the attack, but lie was obliged to attend the Speaker on
that day, and he was told yesterday that it would be
better to delay it till to-clay.
The CHAIRMAN said it was rather unfortunate diet the intention
of the Hon. Member's speech had been so misunderstood, both in
and out of Parliament—but more unfortunate 5:111 that he should
fancy that lie hid done nothing wrong after such an impres-
sion had been created. That the President of the Manches-
ter Chamber of Commerce—one who had presided at a
meeting where a petition was agreed to, which said—
" That your petitioners view with great alarm the rapid exten-
sion of foreign manufactures, and they have in particular to deplore
the consequent diminution of a profitable trade with the continent
of Europe, to which, notwithstanding the great iacrease in popu-
lation since the termination of the war, the exports have actually
been less in value during the last five years, than they were during
the first five years, after the peace; and whilst the demand for ail those
articles in which the grea'est amount of tae labour of our artisans is
comprised, has been constantly.diminishing, the exportation of the
raw material has been as rapidly increasing"—was to him astonishing.
It did appear to him rather extraordinary, that the Chairman of the
Chamber of Commerce should talk of the extraordiaary property
and the export of our manufactures. Ile (the Chairman) did not
deny the statements which the Hon. Member had made; he believed
they were correct, but his sin appeared to have been a sin of omission
He could show that the statement which the Hon. Member had brought
forward in the House of Commoas, fully bore out the paragraph in the
petition which he had just read. It was the declared value of the
principal articles of British produce and manufactures reported from
the United Kingdom. It commenced with the average of the years
1834, 1835. 1536, and 1837, and then stated the amount in 1838.
It showed the increase in cotton manufactures lo be 642,0004 That
might be true, but he wished to ask if any increase had taken place
in the exports to Europe. Ho then went on to say that the increase
in cotton yarn was 1„432,0001. • This, it should be borne in mind,
was a raw article. There was a diminution in woollen manufac-
tureof 385,0001. The decrease in cutlery and hardware was
232,0001., while the increase in the few material of Iron and
steel was 666,0001., and in copper and brass 159,000/. ; tin in bars
52,0004, in plates 83,000/. ; and in sheep's wooi 158,0004 This fully
bore out the statement which had been made by Mr. Stansfield. In coal
and culm there was the enormous increase of 180,0001., being sixty
per cent, in the four yeari. The exportation of raw iron, steel, and
coals was what he complained of, because they furnished the foreign
manufacturer with the means of competing with us. it was the omis-
sion of this important part of the statement which was calculated to
give a wrong impression. At the Chamber of Commerce it was stated
that during the last two years trade had been in a most unprofitable
state, and the Hon. Member knew that, for he had been a cotton_
spinner. The Hon. Member had been getting up an illu-
sive picture of prosperity, when he had said not one word
of the suffering below the surface. The Honourable Member
had alluded to one subject which he trusted he would take the
opportunity of explaining in his place in the House of Commons,
mid that was the relative exports and increase of trade in our
country, compared with foreign countries. In the year 1815,
Great Britain exported to the amount of 51,603,0291. ; in
1836, to 53,368,571/. In 1815, the exports from Franec
amounted to 15,908,1741., and in 1836 to 38,451,3904 The ex-
ports from the United States in 1815 were 10,959,531/., and in
1836 they amounted to 26,804,799, so that while our exports
had increased only 4 per cent„ those of the United
States and France had increased 260 per cent.—(Hear, hear.)
He wished to ask if that was a subject of congratulation. He
was sorry that lie had been obliged to make these observations,
although no one regretted the necessity of doing so more than him-
self, and no one felt greater mortification than he did on hearing the
speech of Sir Robert Pee.
Mr. G. W. WOOD desired to offer a few observations on the re
marks of the Chairman. He bad stated that he was not preset'_
during his speech in the House. With respect to the countries to
which our exports had gone, he had not then in his possession
the necessary particulars, and had consequently no means of im-
parting information to the public. With respect to other branches
of trade, they would no doubt be useful in a discussion on
the Corn.laws. He did think on that occasion, speaking as he was
upon another subject, they would have been considered out of
place, and of no service to the cause. The petition
from Manchester stated of course the sentiments of those
by whom it had been adopted ; and it was hardly necessary to go
over the ground again in the discussion to which he (the Chair.
man) had alluded.
Mr. GREG proposed that a private Committee meet on Monday
next, at ten o'clock, for the purpose of considering the course
to be taken with respect to this witnesses that might be called
Agreed to.
The Committee then adjourned.

" That this meeting, whilst it demands of the Legislature as an
Act of Justi.:e, the total and immediate repeal of all laws, imposing
duties upon or restricting the importation of corn, and other articles
of subsistence ; is prepared to resign aliclaims to wotection on home
manufactures, anti to carry out to their fullest extent, both as effects
agriculture and manufactures, the true and peaceful principles of
fret: trade, by removing all existing obstacles tattle unrestricted in.
terchange of industry and capital between all natior.s."
He had this morning conversed with Dr. Lushington on the subject
of this resolution, and the Doctor had expressed his great satis.
faction at this recognition of the necessity of the freedom of trade
from every restriction.
Mr. Sruarrz thin proposed the following resolution :
" That it is the conviction of the Delegates, that in advocating
the total and immediate abolition of the Corn and Provision Laws,
they shallbe able to produce evidence, showing that such a measure
will be greatly to the ultimate advantage of the agricultural interest
itself.

The letter was then read by the Chairman. It was signed "C.
Flood," Vestry Clei k, aid after stating the appointment of Lord Nu-
gent and 51r. Gilbert Young as Delegates, it proceeded to express
lively H;terest the Ve,ory and Parishioners take in tl is subject,
' •wire to assist the exertions of the Committee by every

" That this resolution, together with the resolution, which was
passed on the sth inst., beadvertised in all the London Daily Papers."
Dr. Bowers° seconded the resolution. He said that he also
bore testimony to the urbanity with whit!) Lord Melbourne had
received the Deputations-and to the attention which he had paid to the
communications which had been made to him. This was not a question
of duty imposed for the purposes of revenue, but of one impose I fOr
the object of protection. The manufacturers were perfectly wit.
ling to give up all their claims to protection in order that the great,
the noble system of freedom of trade might'be generally recognised.
—(Hear.) He believed that they should be able to prove, by
evidence, that the agriculturists were in possession of
much greater protecction than they were at all aware of,
their ignorance of this subject could be established by the evidence
of incontrovertible facts. The. great cheapness in foreign
countries arises from there being no vent for the small
surplus produce. Th t vent would be given by the repeal
of the Corn laws in this country, and the buoyancy
and elevation which would be consequently given to manufactures
would store than compensate fur any depression which might take
place. Under the most favourable circumstances for production
the utmost extent of insportation that would probably take
place would not exceed two millions and a half of quarters
annually, and this surplus would be more than compen.
sated for by the increased comunsptlon which would take
place consequent upon the increased manufacturing pros-
perity. Lord Melbourne had said everything that could be ex-
pected from him, considering his situation ; and the facts:introduced
to his notice could not fail to produce an effect on his mind.
Mr. EWART heard with satisfaction that the Prime Minister had
received the Deputation with that attention which its great
importance demanded. Any Prime Minister who would not
so receive a deputation of such a character would be un.
worthy of treading in the footsteps of his great predeces.
sors, or of wielding the destinies of this mighty nation.
To such a deputation Pitt would have paid attention; even Lord
Liverpool did pay great attention to one such. Great Tory
though he was, he always was a friend of the people, by being
a strenuous enemy to the Corn-laws. He trusted that
the intelligent landowners would come forward to the relief
of the Boeotian Squires, and lead them 'to the knowledge
that tlie repeal of the Corn-laws—that the pure principles of free
trade was the only way to make the agricultural interest flourish.
By the agitation of the question of slavery, West India property
was depreciated from year to year; so also if they did not
obtain repeal of the Corn Jaws, the agitation of the question from
year to year, which now would be inevitable, would far more de-
preciate the landed interest than the immediate repeal of the
Corn-laws. Emancipate the land from what was falsely
called protection, and it would inevitably thrive—continue it in
its unnatural state, and it must flag. Lord Melbourne had
been told that they were not wishing for free trade themselves
alone, but they wished to obtain it for all.
Mr. WEIR said Glasgow wished for and would take nothing else
than a total repeal of these laws. The landed interest ought to
know that this was no transient feeling, but one long thought of
and now calmly persevered in. He and his colleague had brought
up a petition from Glasgow signed by 4,300 persons. In 1834
Glasgow‘and suburbs sent up a petition signed by 60,000 persons.
The present one was confieed to the city alone, wkch accounted
for the different numbers. The softer sex in ScoiTind very set
dom indeed put themselves forward out of their own legiti-
mate and more natural duties, but they felt so much
upon the present question, that: he was advised that the joiners,
openers, winders, and tambourers, and others engaged in the muslin
trade of Glasgow, were about to petition, and as there were some
Hon. Members present, he hoped their gallantry would induce them
to support the prayer of the fair sex.
Sir J. STRICKLAND—It would have given him great pleasure to
have supported the prayer of the petition from the ladies of Glas-
gow; but according to the present practice of receiving peti-
tions, he was prevented from saying one word in support of a
prayer of such an interesting nature. But now they were com-
pelled to disoblige their constituents on many occasions.—(Hear.)
Although it might not be necessary that discussions should extend
to the length which they have formerly done, he was convinced
that some intermediate steps might have been adopted. He could
not help saying a few words on this great and important question,
and perhaps he ought to apologise that his zeal had brought him
here yesterday before a general invitation to Members of Parliament
had been given—(Hear, hear)—but he was an old worker in the
vinyard. He was entirely a leaded proprietor.—(Heat, hear.)
Although he was the representative of the great mercantile in.
terests of the West Riding of Yorkshire, the opinions which he en-
tertained on the question of the Corn-laws were taken up many
years before he hail even the most distant notion that he should ever
be placed in that proud situation. If proof of his sincerity were wanted
he might refer to a document which be published many years ago.
In 1825 he was invited by a number of agriculturists to take the
chair at a meeting which was called for the purpose of supporting
the Corn-laws, but he refused, stating that he was decidedly op.
posed to their views, and even published a short letter, stating that
they were blind to their own interest, and that it would ultimately
be found that the Corn-laws were not to their advantage. Before
the question was brought before the House on Tuesday week there
were many matters deserving of the most serious consideration. He
was as zealous as any man that ail restrictions on commerce should
cease, and was therefore glad to see the position which had been
taken by the Delegates—that they wanted no protection for them-
selves, whilst they were willing to give none to others. He was gla; to
find them advocating the general freedom of trade, that things might
take their natural course, and that England should be free from any
monopoly whatever.—(Hear) If they had fallen short of that—if
they had not shown their general desire for free trade altogether,
they would have taken the argument out of their own hands
and placed it its the hands of their opponents. At the same time,
while he admitted that they ought not to look for restrictions, Dr.
Bowringhad alluded to a subject of great importance—the necessity of
taxation for the purpose of raising the revenue. It appeared to him
that a tax on one part of the community for the benefit of another,
was the grossest injustice, a fradulent and immoral act—(Hear, hear)
and he wished to impress on them the maxim of Mr. Fox, that
" that which is morally wrong cannot be politically right."_
(Hear, hear.) In a country like this there must be taxation,
and if it shoed be found necessary that the importation
ofcern should be subject to a Custom-house tax, he did not see why
it should not be taxed as well as any thing else—should be taxed for ,
the purpose of raising the revenue, but not for the purposes of pro.
tection. Now, as to the mode in which the question was to be
supported in the House of Commons when brought forward by Mr.
Villiers.—(Hear, hear.) The present demand, he believed was,
that evidence might be given at the bar of the House of
Commons; but then came the important question, whether in
the present constitution of the House of Commons, and con.
sidering the majorities that existed there, it was possible to
carry that question. The next consideration for them was what,
according to common discretion, they ought to do, and what they
ought to be prepared to do.—(Hear.)
Mr. E. BAINES, junior, believed that, on the part of the
towns of Leeds and Halifax, and of the West Riding
of Yorkshire generally, he might state their demand was for a total
and immediate repeal of the Corn-laws.—(Hear, hear.) They were
convinced that that was what would most tend towards the general
prosperity of thenation ; and it was his (Mr. Baines') conviction that
the abolition of all duties of thisnature would raise the prosperity
of this country to a far higher pitch than it had hitherto attained.
Ile wished to make an observation upon what Sir George Strickland
had said relative to there being a duty on corn for the purposes of
the revenue. Sir George Strickland was an old friend of
free trade in corn, and lied published his opinion on this
subject many years before he came into Pardament, or
was connected with any manufacturing community, and was
himself solely dependant on land. He (Mr. B.) ventured to ex.
press a different opinion from his Hon. Representative on the
subject cf the revenue in the importation of foreign corn; and
begged to point out this great difference between taxes on corn and
on roost other commodities : while a:tax on tea, coffee, arid sugar raised
the price of thearticles which were imported or a tax on corn had
this additional serious effect, that it me the price also of the
whole of the same commodity grown in this country.—(Hear,
hear.) It was not merely a tax on one or two or three mil.
lions quarters of foreign grain annually imperfect into this coun-
try, but it was a tax on the whole of the twenty millions gear-
ters,of wheat, or fifty millions quarters of all other grain grown
in this country. There could be but one price for the article in
this country, and if that price was raised by a tax on the quantity im-
ported, it would be a tax to the same extent on all the corn grown in
this country. That was a protection to the agriculturists which,
as Mr. Walmsley would show, extended to a very large amount.
Mr. Watmesley had stated to Lord Melbourne that the average
expenses attending the importation of wheat from the North of
Europe to this country was between nine and ten shillings per
quarter; and that the average cost, in addition to that of bringing
corn torn the soil on which it grew upon the borders of the Vistula
to Dantzic, the port of exportation, was an additional ten shillings per
quarter. Now the greatbr part of the British agriculturists had
their market at their own doors, and disposed of their commodity
themselves without incurring the expellee of a fictor. These causes
would produce a permanent protection to the British farmer ; of which
he could not, from the nature of things, he deprived. He (Mr. Baines)
begged leave to express his conviction against any duty on foreign corn
fur the purpose of raising a revenue.—(Hear). He had at one time
been of opinion that such a tax would have been desirable. But
after reflecting more deeply upon the subject, he had come to the
conclu•ion—taking into consideration the amazing extent
to which such a tax went in raising the price of Corn
In this country (Hear)—tliat it was for the great, permanent
interest of this country—including the landowners themselves —that
the trade in corn should be as free as the waters of the ocean or the
air We breath.—(Hear, hear.)
The Cannimasr then real the resolution as it had been moved by
Mr. Sturge and seconded by Dr. Bowring.
Mr. E Baines, Jun., objected that it contained terms expressing
the conviction of the Delegates that the abolition of the Cornslaws was
supported by the wealth, the numbers, the intelligence of the country.
a conviction for which he himself confessed that he did not possess
any evidence. He proposed therefore to omit those words.
While the Delegates were waiting to hear what Dr. Bowring had
to say to the proposition, the Learned Doctor having left the room.
The CHAIRMAN said he wished it to be known, that notwithstand-
ing what had been promulgated by Earl F,tzwilliam, the delegates
did not intend to abandon their instructions, which were to go for
the "total" es well as the " immediate" repeal of the Corn-laws.
Mr. ASH WORTH observed that he had pressed that point to the
utmost with Lord Melbourne, rept esenting that a fixed duty would
be a fixed injustice, to whatever extent it went.—(Hear, hear.)
Dr. BOWRING having re.entered the room, he said that he, for one,
believed the bulk of the numbers of the wealth and of the intelli-
gence of the country was against the Corn.laws ; wherefore he was
for the resolution as it stood

means in tli it power.

The CilAtamAN expressed the great pleasure he felt in rec Aving
Lord Nugent. and Mr. Young as Delegates from Marylebone.
The CitmemaN said it was his duty now to communicate to the
meeling that the Delegates appointed at a previous meeting, con..
``n3 of himself and the Delegates from Glasgow, Leeds,
-rA , B -u, Manchester, Birmingham, and London, had
',lell,ourne this morning, and had hul an
an hour and a quarter's duration with his Lordship,
who received then very kindly, and listened very attentively to
their statements. If it was the pleasure of the gentlemen present.
he wont:: mention what the general facts were which they had laid
•-• --(Yes.) They explained, then, to his Lordship the

LiV2l

waited Lord

interview o

er waiting on him in so small a number, that they
~',13 the hest course, and one that would be more agree.
Lordship ; that they were sent as representatives of the
_es from different parts of the country, on the question of the
and immediate repeal of the Corn.laws, and they were anxious
ay liefere his Lordship their reasons for taking this step. They
aileavour-ed to show his LordshipAhat their exports to Europe were
now confined chiefly to raw materials, that their exports of MallUfaC-
ture,l articles to Europe had been constantly diminishing since the
Voice, while their exports of raw materials had been increasing, anti
that no:withstanding the population of Europe ince the peace
had isro:sably increased 50 per cent, our exports to Europe
were less by 20 per cent. for the last five years than
tletSswere the first five years after the peace. These exports were
n'''', Principally confined to cotton twist (a raw material ill the first
process), iron, steel, coals, wool, and different other articles
Wee') forte, bed foreign manufacturers with the means of manu-
fastu ring fer themselves, arid of competing with British manufacturers
hi neutral markets. They also stated to his Lordship that
in sosny cotton articles, woollens, hosiery, and in hardware and
cutlery, sits Germans and Russians were not only supplying the de-
'aaLl af their own ;narkets, but were also supplying foreign neutral
tna:le ea. It was dieicult, in the first instance, to establish manufac-
teries in any country, but when once established they progressed ra-
PIXY. The articles in which the foreign manufecturcrs had the great.
r it superiority were those in which manual labour farmed the chief
Liererlisnt ; but that, from the great increase in machinery in
almost ev:Ty town in Europe, and from the continual export of our
meteranios and artizalis, there was the greatest reason for fearing
that by ,acrd-bye the superiority which we at present possessed would
be ow, and that foreigners would compete successfully with us in our
natural markets. Mr. Stansfeld, the Delegate from Leeds, read air in-
Icr(''t ing Paper to his Lordship, relating to the exportation of foreign
and British woollens.—(Mr. Greg asked whether Mr. Stanfield would
cot reed that paper. The Chairman said he had better first conclude
his statement, and continued.)—As regarded cotton hosiery—it
was stated to his Lordship that so lately as 1814 we
exported cotton hosiery from this country to Saxony
—that it %vs a branch of manufactures which bad existed in this
',entry for more than 200 years, but that since 1814 the Saxons
A established a manufactory of cotton hosiery, and that they had
-led it to as high a pitch as our own, and in fact to a much higher,
'eir exportation of cotton hosiery to the United States was as
.1 as our experts of the same article to the whole world.—(Hear.)
'en, as respected hardware and cutlery, it was stated to his Lord.
Beres to be proved, that in Wolverhampton, where the
at tile raw material under their feet, the Germans had
ally cre-Tie:4 with them in almost every article; that lists
,e shown, comprising about 1,200 articles, almost every one
Germans could supply in the natural
per cent. to fifteen per cent.
IkV, than the people of Wolverhampton could furnish them—
(Hear, hear)—and the inferiority of price in the fareign articles was
most to be observed where manual labour farmed a considerable
portion of the manufacture.—(Hear, hear, hear.) It was also
staOel to his Lordship that last year an act had been found
ihocessary with respect to the bonding of foreign cutlery—that
foreign cutlery had • been made in imitation of British—cent, with
etish marks to London, and other British ports, arid there bonded
exportation. That when, for instance, an order was sent for
to of leer's cutlery (Mr. Roger being a celebrated Sheffield
,r), one house would send the order to Mr. Roger; another
Ol go to the Custom-house, and there buy " Roger's cutlery,"
in Germany, at 10 or 15 per cent, less than Mr. Rogers himself
furnish it.—(ilear.) It of course excited no small surprise
no house could get Roger's cutlery at a price so much less than
arr. 'lobe cause was inquired into, the trick was found out,
. Mr. Ilawkee the Member for Dudley, last Session had introduced
dill to de away with the bonding of foreign cutlery. Was not
.hat a strong case?—(Cries of " Hear, hear.") The deputa
lion stated to his Lordship, that, although the exports from the
ettntry in many articles (cotton, for instance) were increas.
ithe ; that the increase had taken place on manufactured goods, only..
to those countries whose produce we received in return ; and that
our sports to some of the most populous and wealthy countries in
the werlie, were limited by the circumstance of our refus-
ing to take the only articles that they could give us in exchange.—
corn and timber. They informed his Lordship that although our
exports had increased, (err population was increasing in a greater
mite and that, co-op iced with other countries, our increase in menu-
faceares had not been in proportion to those of Belgium, Saxony,
or Switzer:and—that the repeal of the Corn laws was not with them
'on of the price or food, but simply that they might be allowed
10 same markets for food that their competitors did—that
.vas impossible we could long stand competition on other terms,
thr the price at which foreigners could afford their articles must be
the price at which we could sell ours—that for the last few years we
ii 1:1 been harrying on an unprofitable trade, and that his Lord-
ship must see that;an unprofitable trade could not be long carried on
that since the Delegates had arrived in London, they had heard
of four or five large establishments in Manchester working short
turns, and that unless there should be a speedy improvement in trade
that woule be.co:ne. more common. The deputation directed his
Lordship's attention to the rseolution which which was unanimously
passed by the General Cern oi ittee en the sth inst. ;
" That this meeting, whilst it demands of the Legislature as an
let of ;entree, the toed and immediate repeal of all laws, imposing
',tees tieon or restricting the importation of corn, and other articles
t* se' sisteoce; is prepared to resign all claims to protection on
inso :manufactures, rand to carry out to their fullest extent, both as
eeto aerichriture arid man u:aoture, tine true and peaceful principles
tree trade, by re.noving all existing obstacles to the unrestricted
,rchansse of industry and capital between all nations."
y wished to impress ripen his Lordship, that while they did not
to Le depriveil of going to the cheapest market, they had no
e prevent others from so doing. His Lordship listened to
teerents of the Deputation with great attention, and made
iquiries. Of course they could not expect his Lordship
opinion oil the question, but he assured the Depu-
.et lie would take the subject into serious consi.
hh atel consult with his colleagues on the matter.
lesputatirei were highly gratified. with the attention which
' -"-h with his Lordship's attention. It would be
no • . to hear from Mr. Stansfeld the im-
to which he had made to his Lordship.—(Hear.)
ANSFELD, of Burley, at the request of the meeting,

Lords

f
thowyht

I for t

Igrei

r,eoplc 1:

which VI

I r:
g

at from ten

I c.ulA

te case,

to go tot

to ;_i7,

CL'i V NI

trtceti.

Inufacture of Ei;land had already suffered ma-
ve,icd with still more serious lojury, from the
incatal rivali. In proof of which the following

LONDON FEVER HOSPITAL

ars ago, the English wool buyers at the great
predominated so much in number, and in the
r purcbases, over the buyers of other countries, as to
; bat within the last few years the German and Bel-
,ve excreted then in their purchases, and the English
regarde:t z,z smaq comparative imKalance.

Id 11,c

Yesterday the Annual General Meeting of Governors
and Subscribers of this excellent Institution, was held
at the Freemasons' Hall,Great Queen-street, for the
purpose of receiving the Annual Report of the Com-
mittee and the election of Governors, &c., for the en-
suing year. The Right Hon. the Earl of Devon, Pre-
sident, in the chair.
Charles Hyde, Esq., the Secretary, read the minutes
of the last general meeting and of the several monthly
meetings held during the year, which were confirmed,
ALEXANDER TWEEDIE, Esq., M.D. F.R.S., read the
thirty-seventh annual report of the committee. Al-
though in the last report it was stated that the number
ofpatients received during the year 1837 was the great-
est admitted since the foundation of the hospital, still
the admission of patients during the past year has ex-
ceeded that of the former by upwards of a hundred,
while many appeared for admission who could not be ad-
mitted for want of room. On several occasions the
committee have been compelled to deny the benefits of
the hospital to the most necessitous and friendless, as
there bed been constantly twelve applications for one
vacant bed. Hence many have fallen victims to disease
within a few hours after their admission, while others
have died on their way in the cart. Twenty-two fami-
lies each consisting of six or eight persons, were taken
from the most wretched abodes. Additional beds for
thirty persons have been prepared and further accom-
modat!on is in process. As soon as sufficient funds will
permit, beds will be procured for every person afflicted
with fever who may require admission. The prevalence
of fcver has not been confined to any particular part of
the year. The number of patients remaining in the hos.
pital on Dec. 31, 1837, 54 ; admitted since of continued

,41y rapid growth of the w0011..n suanttracture
other c.Juntrics of the German Continental
r th. 111 v, that live or six ears since,
woolien cloths exhibited for sale at the
vas only 50,000 ends (an eel being half a
.r the quantity exhibited was 350,000 ends,—
per cent.

fever, 976 ; scarlet fever, 46 ; under certificates of fever,
but discovered to have other diseases, 24 ; total, 1,098.
Of the above there were dismissed, cured of continued
fever, 708 ; scarlet fever, 34 ;. other cases not fever, 2.
Died of continued fever, 246 ;.scarlet fever, 6 ; othercases
not fever, 6 ; remaining in the hospital,Dcc.Bl, 1838,70 ;
Of the fatal cases there occurred in 1838, within twelve
hours after their admission 8 deaths, within 24 hours
25, %% ithin 48, 19 ; and within 72 hours 30 deaths. Of
the total number of patients (260) who died, only 112
survived one week after their admission. The com-
parative ages of the patients show that no period of
life is exempt from the disease. Of the total number
(1,044), 23 were under the age of 15, and 471 between
the ages of 15 and 30. The majority of cases were of
a malignant nature; erysipelas attacked 73 persons, of
whom 12 were attacked fatally by it in the wind-
pipe ; the mortality during the past year throughout
England, both in hospital and private practice, was un-
paralleled. 107 domestic servants were admitted, of
whom 13 died. Of the 12 nurses attached to the hos-
pital, four died, besides the two porters. The subscrip-
tions, dividends, &c., for the past year, amounted to
5,4391. 65., of which, after all disbursements, there re-
mains a balance of 1,246/. 9s. ld., which is more than
absorbed by the enlargement of the building, and which
must be paid for in the mouths of April and May. The
committee, in conclusion, made an appeal to the public
in favour of the funds of :the hospital, which are antici-

paced by the building in progress, so as that they may
be enabled to afford effectual relief on the one hand to
their wretched fellow-beings, and on the other hand
quiet that anxiety and alarm which the prevalence of
fever has excited.

The Report was adopted ; and after some routine
business had been gone through, the meeting separated.

3lr. Baook said he thought it was important that they should nol
try to make out too good a case, and he therefore concurred in Mr.
Baines' suggestion.

TUB SPIRITUAL O'CONNELL.—The inhabi-
tants of the " Quoad sacra" parish of Duntocher, in the " Quoad
drilla" parish of Old Kilpatrick, were lately entertained with an
endowment meeting, in the New Chapel, Duntocher, by the spiritual
O'Connellite agitators, the Rev. Mr. Buchanan of the Tron Church,
Glasgow, and the Rev. Mr. M`Naughtan of Paisley, when, amongst
other sayings and doings, in their occupation, style, and calling, a
petition for additional endowments was set agoing. And, to return
the compliment with interest, two anti.endowncent meetings were
held, one on the 17th ult in the Secession Church, Duntocher, and the
other on the 23cl ult. in the Relief Church, Old Kilpatrick. At
both meetings, anti-endowment petitions were
passed, and the
minds of the people• were so enlightened on the iniquitods character
of the Kirk 'fax, that they wilt demonstrate by their signatures that
they have no desire to be duped by their pretended friends of the
Kirk, to permit them to thrust their hands into their pockets, and
thus treat them to cheap seats. Why don't these zealots for com-
pulsory taxation petition to have their own adherents taxed, to sup-
port their religious establishments, and in common justice, let
others alone who get no benefit from them P—GlasgoloArgus.

Mr. EWART said that though he believed the preponderance of
numbers and of intelligence was against the Corn.laws, he did not
see the necessity of stating their conviction on that point, but rather
considered that they ought to state their own opinions fairly and
fully, and appeal to the country.—( Hear, hear.)
It was agreed that the wcrds objected to by Mr. Baines should
be struck out, and the resolution, as amended was passed.
Mr. G. Woon—ln consequence, gentlemen, of having seen a
report in the public papers, of comments having been made here
upon what I said on Tuesday night, to the effect that what I then
said would have an injurious effect on the object of the Delegates,
I have waited on you for the purpose of hearing on what grounds
it was that you thought I had unfortunately made that mistake. I
should be very glad to hear any explanation.
The CHAIR N —lt would be best for the Hon. Gentleman to refer
to the debates in the public papers, which caused the impression
that was produced on the minds of the gentlemen who attend here.
I understand a similar impression was created out of doors.—(Hear.)
Mr. G. W. Woon—But you leave me in the dark as to the particu.
ar circumstance which gave rise to that impression, and it is upon
those grounds that I should be glad to hear your explanation.
Mr. Bitoox ES, of Huddersfield—lf the Hon. Member would refer
to those parts of his speech so loudly cheered by Sir R. Peel, I think
he would be able tosolve the difficulty.—(Loud cries of Hear.")
Tiic CIIAIRM AN—I had not the pleasure of hearing the Hon.
Member speak, and therefore I cannot tell what effect may have
been produced in the House by it, but I had the pain of hearing Sir
Robert Peel's reply to it, and noticed that the Right Hon. Baronet's
speech was cheered by all those parties whom we consider as.oppo.
news to our sieves on this question, which I thought was significant
of the manner in which they understood the Hon. Gentleman.—
(Cheers.)
Mr. Wool) said he should be very glad to know in what respect

CORN-LAW MEETING AT LANCASTER.—The

intense interest which the discussion oftheCorn-laws has every-
where excited, and the extreme anxiety which Is manifested for
their repeal, are warmly participated in by the inhabitants of Lan-
caster. A deputation was ►ert from Lancaster to the great Corn-
law meeting lately held at Manchester. Our respected Mayor, who
was one of the deputation, on his return, in compliance with a re.,
quisition, called a public meeting, to take int♦consideration the total
repeal of the Corn and Provision.laws. The meeting was held on
Monday last in the Town Hall, which was excessively crowded,
besides a large concourse of persons outside, who were unable to
obtain admittance. It occupied between three and f,ur hours. It
afforded a gratifying illustration of the growing interest which this
question has exhibited, and a determination not to desist until the
final abolition of all Corn and Provision.laws. The petitions have
received above 1,000 signatures.—Rendal Mercurg.

THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY,-EVENING EDITION,-FE 11, 1839

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, FRB. 9.
CODRI NGTON V. JOIINSON.
The SOLICITOR. GENERAL replied to-da in this case, andy
His Lonnsin P postponed judgrnet.t.
RINK MAN V. DT Kr, .

This case came before tha Court upon;xceptions to the Master's
Report. The short facts out of which the subject arose appeared
to be as follows :—Dykes, the defendant, let a piece of land at Pim-
lico toa person named Cheppit in 1827, on which he was to build
two houses; being unable to build them, in 1829, he sold his inte-
rest to the plaintiff, who, with Mr. Stamp, a party to tl e suit,
entered into an agreement with Dykes for a conveyance to them of
property, and by his Report the sum of 600/. was awarded
the land in question, but the conveyance was made to Rickman
alone. Before the Master it was Contended that Stamp had a lien
upon the
to him.

The SOLICITOR.GENCRAL and Mr. -SPIIRRPCII apprared in sup-
port of tile exceptions, contending that there was no evidence of
Stamp'., lien 011 the face of the Report, or the proceedings, and that
t:,e amount had been allowed contrary to evidence.
Mr. \\Tuatara and Mr. F. RICHARDS supported the finding of the
Master.

The LORD CHANCELLOR said that sufficient had been brought
before hire. to raise a doubt in his mind, and lie should therefore refer
it back to .he Master to review his report.

The Lo Rn CIitiNCELLOR rese shortly before three o'clock, to at.
tend a Cabi net Council.

V ICE-CHAN CELL 0 R CCURT, FEB. 9.
CLAXTON AND OTHERS V. BRETHAM
This case came before the Court upon motion for the purpose of
making perpetual an injunction granted ex parte, restraining the de-
fendant from :proceeding with an action at law. The facts of the
case appeared from the statement of Counsel to be as follows :—The
plaintiffs are the directors of a projected railway which was intended
to have communicated from the centre of the metropolis '
' termini of the grand lines, and was to have been called the 'M.
titan Junction Railway. Mr Claxton, with Mr Blount, the civi
engineer, were the projectors of the undertaking, and they sought
for a st licitor :to carry their plans into effect, and were introduced to
Mr. Beetham, the defendant, who entered into the following ar-
rangements with them : he was to transact the business of the Com-
pany, to takeet he requisite proceedings to carry through both Houses
of Parliamerit a Bill to enablethe Companypia es, and generally to act as legal adviser. In consideration
to carry into operation the
;ices Mr. Beetham was to receive his full costs if the Act of
pofrotie,ecsteedser,
Parliament I?assed, and if not, then lie was to be only reimbursed
the money oat of pocket. The Bill was thrown out or the House
of Commons,. and Mr. Beetham sent in h;s bill of costs to the
plaintiffs, amotnting to 1,600/. The plaintiffs reminded the de.
fendant of his, :agreement with the projectors, and that lie had re-
ceived the apace tint of the deposits, exceeding 7,0001. To this he re.
plied that his ai Tangement was only in the event of the Company
not being forms d, denying that it was contingent on the Bill passing.
The defendant, finding that the plaintiffs persisted in disputing his
claim, brought an action against them in the Court of Queen's
Bench; upon Which it Bill in Equity was filed to stay proceedings,
and an e.x paste injunction obtained which it was now sought to
render perpc tual,
Mr. K. Br ace, Mr. Jacob, and Mr, Lloyd, appeared in support of
the injunctio n. Mr. Wakefield and Mr. Clarke appeared fur the
defendant.
The \llea- CitaNcantoaordered the injunction to be continued.
