IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OP LORDS, Maacnn.
On the LORD CHANCELLOR taking his seat at five
o'clock,
The Bishop of CHESTER presented petitions from
Rochdale, Boroughbridge, Congleton, and Preston,
praying for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Lord KING presented a petition from the parish of
Greenford, in the county of Middlesex, against tithes.
Also a petition from the parish of Kilreen, in Carlow,
against the tithe system in Ireland. The Bill of last year
bad been the cause of widening still further the difference
between the Catholics and Protestants in that country,
and bad not lessened the difficulty of collect-
ing the tithes, but had rather increased it. If tithes
were colh-cted to sustain the poor they would
enlist the whole population of Ireland in their favour. The
Noble Lord also gave notice that he should move tomor-
row (or an account of the application, or rather misappli-
cation of the funds of Queen Anne's Bounty at the disposal
of the Government.

Lord PLUNKET gave notice that on Friday he
should lay upon the table of the House the Irish Jury Bill.
The Earl of WICKLOW said that he should object to
the Bill if it was the same as that of last session.
Levi MELBOURNE said that, as he had stated a
night or two ago, the opinion of the Judges, in Ireland
had been taken upon it, and they were upon the whole in
favour of it.

L4,rd ELLENBOROUGH said, that he had privately
obtained the opinion of two Judges, and they were ad-
verse to it.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said that any Noble
Lord might privately take the opinion of any person, but
tbdt opinion could not be produced as an authority in that
House upon any matters of Pgi.lation.
The Marquis of STAFFORD presented a petition from
tin Members of the Baptist Congregation in St. George-
street, N.ttingham, praying for the better observance of
the Sabbath.

Lord TEYNHAM presented a petition from a parish in
Mayo, against the Irish Coercive Bill, and praying for an
inquiry into the state of Ireland before it was passed into
a law. The Noble Lord also gave notice, that on
Monday next, he would move an humble address to his
Majesty, praying that he would give instructions to the
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to inquire into the facts which
bad induced him to place the barony of Gallen under the
Insurr, c ion Act.

The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented a peti-
tion from llminster, against the Beer Bill, and praying
for the better observance of the Sabbath ; and from three
other places to the same effrct.

Lord TEYNHAM said he must say a few words upon
which the first petition touched. He could not agree
,with it in any point. He considered that that Bill had
dine a deal of goad in country parts, though he acknow-
Leiged that it had not worked so well in towns. By its
weans the labourer was able to get a beverage which did
him Rood, and at a cheap rate ; therefore, he should be
sorry to see it again placed nut or hrs power. If Minis-
ters would repeal the malt and hop duties, they would do
more for the country than had been done by any former
Government.

The Bishop of SALISBURY presented petitions from
the towns of Salisbury, Warminster, and several other
places, praying far the better observance of the Sabbath.
The Earl of RODEN presented petitions to the same
effect from Aberdeen, Paisley,Weleyan Methodists of South-
wark, from Dublin, and other parts of Ireland. The Noble
Earl was clad to see the question taken up as it was by the
middle classes of society. The effect of that would be,
that the higher classes would be forced by such conduct
into a better observance of the Lord's Day. The petitions
did not complain that there were no laws upon the sub-
ject, but that the laws which were now in the Statute
Book were not wrong enou2h. He was most glad to see
such a feeling upon sot h an important subject crowing up
amongst the people, which was the more necessary at the
preent time, as, if reports were true. measures were in
preparation which would lay the Protestant Church of
Ireland in the dust.

Viscount MELBOURNE presented a petition from
Derby, for the better observance of the Lord's Day.
The LORD CHANCELLOR presented petitions to
the same effect from Westminster, the inhabitants of Gos
well-street and the City-road, and several other places.
He was of opinion that the proper observance of that cl,y
was good equally for the religious as for the wordly por-
tion of the people. In that opinion he had no doubt all
their Lordships concurred, but the difficulty was very
great in finding out a remedy for removing the complaint.
None of the petitions which he had the honour to lay be-
fore their Lordships set forth any specific remedy for the
purpose. Almost evety une agreed that coercive measures
were to be shunned. The petitioners asked that they who
were willing and anxious to observe the Sabbath should
be protected, but how that was to be done without coer-
cion—without binding others from trading on that day, be
could not see. The difficulty in the question was—
the giving protection to the one class without corr. ing
the other. He did not say that it was impossible—far
from it; but as he was at present advised, he could not
we his way cl,atly into the subject. There was one point,
however, in which he could not agree with the peti
tioriers, who stated that this was a great and increasing
evil—a gre it one, no doubt, it w.s. but he was very much
disposed to deny that the Sunday was worse kel.t now
than at any former period. For his own part, he would
say there was now much more decorum, at least in the
ou,waid demeanour of .he people, than at any former tine
which he remembered T,.ii was a matter of fact which
he stated to their Lordships, from his own knowledge.
In legislating upon this subject, great care must be token
to keep from any harsh mealtime ; for, if such were passed,
the effect would be to leave matters worse than they found
them. They toust not run counter to the great body of
the people, by harsh means. He did not see there wa.
any necessity at present for interference upon the subject,
but if a case was made out, he would be happy to lend his
best assistance to the subject.
The NOBLE and LEARNED LORD then presented a peti-
tion from Ttaquair, praying for an alteration in the patron-
age of the Church of Scotland. He then presented 23 pe-
titions, praying for the immediate abolition of slavery,
from places in England and Scotland.
The House then adjourned.

.ROUSE OF COMMONS, MARCIE 11.
The SPEAKER. took the Chair at a few minutesaf,er five.
IRISH CHURCEI REFORM BILL.

Lord ALTHORP brought np a Bill to alter and amend
the laws relating to the temporalities of the Church of
Ireland.

Sir R. INGLIS could not omit that opportunity of
stating, that although he did not know particularly the diff_
ferent provisions of this Bill, he knew enough to enable
him to say that he completely disapproved of, and felt dis-
gusted with, the principle of it.—(Hear, hear.) He
hoped the Noble Lord would take care to have it
printed and circulated among the Members of that
House, and that sufficient time would be afforded for
enabling them to make themselves masters of its details be-
fore the day appointed for the second reading.
Lord ALT HORP said the Hon. Bart. seemed sufficiently
aware of the nature and provisions of the Bill to say
that he felt disgusted with it.--(Hear, hear.) He should
take care that the Bill be printed, and put into the hands
of Members to-mortcw morning. The principle of
the Bill was sufficiently weßknown and understood
to justify him in proposing that it be read a second
time on Wednesday next. It was most desirable that the
Bill should pass that House as early as possible.

Sir ROBERT INGLIS did not, in the course of his
experience, remember a case in which a Bill of so
much importance was pressed forward with so much in-
opportune eagerness and haste, as that 36 hours' notice
only should he given, after it had been formally introduced,
of its second reading. He complained that while it in-
volved the interests of many persons in the other part of
the emplre, the discussion on its second reading should
take place before copies of the Bill could by any possibi-
lity come into the possession of those who were most
warmly interested iu every one of its provisions. He knew
something, indeed, of the principle of the Bill from the Noble
Lord's own statement on a former evening, and as far as lie
understood ii, he was prepared to condemn it. Never-
theless, he contended that in cases of this description, the
country should not be taken by surprise.
Gilunel DAVIES thought if thio-e was any occasion
for complaint, it was that the Bill bad been too long de-
layed.—(Hear.) As to what hail been said by the Hon.
Blroner, about hurrying it through the House, if 36
hours' notice was too short, and almost unexampled, be
begged leave to refer the Hon. Barone,, with all his ex-
perience, to the case of the Coercive bear)—
which was read a first time on Monday, and a second
time on the Wednesday following. No doubt there had
been several nights' discussion on the first reading, and
perhaps the Honourable Baronet and his friends,
for any thing be (Colonel Davies) knew, might
also prolong the discussion on this Bill for five nights
successively. That to mendous Bill, which was now
under the consideration of that House, had been carried
through another House of Parliament with unexampled
precipitancy. And anxious as be, and ad the friends of
lrel. nd were, ti at this retnedid measure should pass, he
could assure the House it nook] not go through the House
so hastily as had the Coercive Bill in the other [louse.
bHA%V reminded the Noble Lord (Al,horp) that
