SOUTHWARK DINNER.

The Sixth Anniversary Dinner, in celebration
of Sir Robert Wilson's return to Parliament fbr the Borough
of Southwark, took place yesterday, at the Horns Tavern, Ken-
nington. Sir R. \i'lLsoN, 1\1.P., was in the chair, supported
on his right by. Sir F. Burdett and .31r. I4airibton ; and on his
left by Air. Ho'uhouse. The rest of the room was principally
filled by the Electors of Southwark.
After the cloth was removed, the Chairman gave " The
King, and may 'he-never forgdtlis own declaration—" That
the Crown was held in trust for the people.' "—" A free and
Lunsbackled press, a sure safeguard from tyranny and oppres-
Hsion!"" A full, fair, and equal representation of the people

in Parliament."
Mr. WEeTit Enstr wire in a complimentary speech, pro-
posed the health of Sir Robert Wilson. He congratulated the
elector on their gallant representative's strict adherence'to his
principles, particularly to those of reform, and of the rights and
privileges of the subject. Amongst the various measures dis-
cussed in the course of the present Session of Parliament, there
were several which affected those rights and privileges, all of
which Sir Robert had strenuously opnoseti ; but his speech
upon the Alien Bill, in particular, did 'his principles and his
talents the greatest honour. They had not the pleasure of his
presence at their last anniversary; a call had been made upon
him by the Constitutional Government of Spain, which be telt
it his duty to obey ; and if he had not succeeded in accomplish-
ing the object most near to his heart, it was owing to no fault
on his part—he failed neither from any want of personal ex-
ertion, nor from any want of personal valour, of which he had
give an abundant proof (cheers); but his object was defeated
by treasons, concocted by men who were at the head of the
very Government which be had gone over to succour.
lie
(Mr. Weatherstone) would not attempt to detail the various
sufferings he had undergone ; they were sufficient to harrow
up the soul : nor were those less severe which he endured of a
them:sac nature. lie therefore possessed powerful claims upon
them (the Electors) for their exertions in the event of a future
contest rendering them necessary ; and as a short period would
now elapse before we had a general election, .they would do
well to hold themselves in readiness to engage in the contest,
should one take Place. He concluded by proposing " The
health of Sir Robert Wilson, our gallant and intrepid repre-
sentative, whose services in the defence of freedom entitle him
to the respect of his countrymen."—(Loud applause.)
Sir WILSON got upon the table amidst loud cheering. He
had ever, he said, considered these anniversaries as festivals not
alone intended to celebrate successful elections, but also to
allow the representatives an opportunity of taking a full review
of their politics and their conduct in the presence of their con-
stituents. He should therefore advert to his absence on the
last anniversary, not because he took an active part in the trim-
sections which were then going forward, but because they with-
drew him from his Parliamentary duty. Ever since he had
known the Borough of Southwark, he had professed himself
to be the friend of Reform, and of Civil and Religious Liberty,
not only in every part of the empire, but in every part of the
world.—(Cheers.)—lf, therefore, his going out to Spain as a vo-
lunteer were to cause any injurious feeling againet him, he knew
he should have found a defender in the person of every free and
honourable man. But he left hie country under peculiar circum-
stances: propositions were made to him, which, after the prin-
ciples he had professed, he could not have declined without
covering himself with disgrace and infamy. Before he left
this Country, he received a proposition to take the command of
the army in Portugal, amounting to 30,000 men, and backed
by the population of the country ; and also to organize and
discipline an European corps of 10,000 men, which were to act
in a certain specified way. Notwithstanding all that bad
passed, lie (Sir Robert Wilson) would still venture to affirm,
that if the projects then proposed to him had been carried into
execution, the invasion beyond the Ebro never would have
taken place. In acceding to thoee propositions, the only
stipulation he made was, that the Government of Spain
were to have the full command over- him, and the army
under him, and that he was never to receive a shilling from
the Spanish Treasury.—(Cheers.)—He was not respon-
sible for the circumstances that rendered his efforts un-
availing ; it was not necessary .to explain them here,
particularly as he could not do so without accusing others, •
who were now suffering from the effects of their errors. He
made great and disinterested sacrifices upon that occasion ; but
he was only able to reach Oporto at the time when that revolu-
tion took place, at the head of which was the Royal Chief who
had lately attempted to dethrone his father ; and it was not
until the 14th of June, on the eve of the battle of Corunna, •
that he received any authority ; but it was then nugatory, as
they did not poseess a single pace of refuge, or a post for or-
ganization. If he had then consulted his own feelings, lie
would have returned to his native country ; but so long as a hope
remained, he was determined to keep Isis engagements ; and
therefore, notwithstanding his unwarrantable treatment and de-
tendon in Portugal, he did not go to Cadiz until there was no
I longer any other place open to bins ; and from there he went to
Gibraltar, where he procured an asylum for some of the miter-
tunate Constitutionalists, which he was happy to say had since
been presented to them unmolested. Upon his return home, an
attempt was made to degrade him. lie brought the matter
forward in Parliament; they (the electors) were aware of the
liberal feelings that were expressed towards-him—feelings that,
whilst they conferred an honour upon him, also did honour to
those who conferred it, considering that he was their political
adversary—he would not say enemy, for he hoped he had never
been the enemy of any man. He now hoped that his conduct
met with their approbation. His opinion on the necessity of
reform still remained unchanged.—( Loud applause.)
The Cued it MAN next gave his Hon. Colleague, and much
respected friend, Charles Calvert, Esq.
After which, he said it would be applying epithets to virtue
if he were to make any remarks upon the subject of the next
toast, which was, " That able, honest, and incontrovertible
Representative of People, Sir Francis Burdett."
This toast was received with the greatest enthusiasm.
Sir F. BURDETT said, that before he returned thanks for
the honour conferred upon him, lie ought first to mention that
an Hon. Friend of lus (S. Whitbread, Esq.) would have been
here but for his fault—if it could be a fault not to have known
sooner that he should not have been prevented by a motion
which lie was to have brought forward in the House of Com-
mons that evening. He (Mr. Whitbread) was then attending
that motion, in consequence of not having been apprised
that it was to be deferred. Their Gallant Chairman had en-
tered into a long and unnecessary (unnecessary, so far as it was
intended for a justification) account of the cause of his absence
last year. He was fighting the battles of liberty in fo-,
reign countries, whilst they were fighting its battles at home ;
and the enemies he had to contend with abroad were not
more dangerous to the principle they (the Meeting) wished
to advance, than those they had to encounter at home.—
(Hear !)—The warm manner in which they had drank his
health spewed him that he (Sir F. Burdett) possessed their con-
fidence, which was the greatest reward he could receive for his
services. He thought the great cause of reform would be ad-
vanced if Mr. Lambton's plan were adopted by all the re-
formers. So long as the House of Commons remained in its
present state of corruption, the voice of the people would never
be heard or felt.—(Hear !)—The Hon. Baronet concluded by
assuring them that he would ever persevere, so long as he was
able, in his humble exertions, until their rights were perma-
nently fixed and established.—(Long continued cheering.)
The next toast was, "John Cam Hobhouse, Esq., the able
defender of our public rights."—(Loud applause.)
Mr. HORROR sE, in returning thanks, observed, that if the
cause of liberty had not been successful in one quarter, they had
now to look forward to it in another quarter, to which we were
indebted for all the civilization we possessed, and for that most
importanylesson, that without liberty there could be no civi-
lized society. lie looked to Greece with hopes increased by
their failure in the other country, because there was something
like a feeling in England, that it' all freedom were extinguish-
ed on the Continent, the relations and interests of this country
could not be maintained. The lion. Gentleman next alluded
to Small America, and expressed his regret that the Petitions
presented to Parliament for the recognition of the independence
of those States had not been drawn up in another tone—that
they had not founded their demand upon principles of free-
dom instead of commercial advantage. Neither did lie ap-
prove of the state papers of Mr. Canning which had been so
much landed. Had they contained the emphatic words—" we
are determined to prevent your interference if we can," lie
thought it would have done snore service and credit to the Coun-
try than all those " models or state papers." He then argued.
that England could not retain her freedom long, if she did not
support the freedom of other nations. The Hon. Gentleman
eat down amidst loud cheering.
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " The health of J. G.
Lambton, Esq., the zealous and independent advocate of public
liberty."
Mr. LAMBT ON expressed his gratification at being present at
this Anniversary, anti his regret that he had been prevented
by indisposition from attending the last. It, was quite needless
for him, after all they had heard, to address any words to then'
upon public topics; but he could not refrain from making a few
observations upon the subject. His Hon. Friend (Sir R.Wilson)
had said, that we enjoyed as much freedom and security of personal
property as any other nation in Europe. When he looked at de-
cisions proceeding from special 'Juries—when he saw men Punish-
ed by Judges who were adisgrace to the Bench—(hear!)—for ex-
pressing their opinions—and when he recollected the cause for
which Ins lion. Friend near him (Sir F. Burdett) was sentenced
to imprisonment, he could not bring himself to think that we
possessed sufficient freedom of discussion. Then as to secu-
rity of property, when lie sew that he might be taken into a
Court that resembled no other Court ever heard of, but that
which the ancients ascribed to the shades below—(Cheers)—
and is which the Judge who presided entertained enternal

doubts upon every subject, but his own emoluments—(Lond
cheers)—when he saw that Judge endeavouring to root out
every feeling of independence front amongst the members of
that profession which had bred up an Erskine—(Hear!)—by
omitting, in the distribution of its honours, to extend them to
such men as i\l r. Brougham and Mr. Williams ; when he
saw such an individual at the head of that Court, and knew
that a man might be engaged in it by one suit from his birth to
his death, he must say that he saw no security for property.—
(Cheers.)—Aml lastly, he must say that be saw no security for
personal-liberty in a country where such an outrage could be
offered as that indicted a few days ago upon Mr. O'Callaghan
—Wear, hear !) —who had been consigned to a dungeon by the
Magistrates of Sum....
The following toasts were then giVen S. C. Whitbread,
Esq., R and the R, formers
orers of Middlesex ;" " The Right Hon.
Lord Cochrane ;" " Civil and Religious Liberty all over the
world ;" " Alderman Wood, and the Reformers of the City
of London ;" " Joseph Hume, Esq., the indefatigable exposer
of public abuses ;" " The lion. H. G. Bennet, Esq., and the
the Reformers of Shrewsbury ;" " The Stewards."
111 r. AVEAT EH ST ONE returned thanks on behalf of the
Stewards, after which,
Sir R. W ILSON having again briefly addressed the Electors,
withdrew, Sir I": ilurdett' Mr. Lambton, and Mr. Hobhouse
had been previously obliged to go away.
Mr. Winsos took the Chair for the remaindcr of the evening.

DINNER 'l'o GENERAL SAS MARTIN.

A ►numerous and se lest party yesterday sat

down to a sumptuous dinner at Oration's Hotel, given to Ge-
neral San Martin, by M. Garcia dcl Rio and General Pamis-
sien„ late Envoys from the Peruvian Government. Among
the party we noi.iced 31. Rust: 31. Hurtado, Lord Ormond,
3 'i. Adams Smith 31. Alentiez, 31. Parish Robertson,
Mackenzie, General Alvear, 31. Castro, 31. Fry, Capt. Hey-
wood, R. N., Capt. Seymour, 11. N. kc.
After the usual toasts, 3.r. GAnctu. Di L Rio rose and
spoke nearly as follows
Gentlemen—However conscious I may be cf my inability to
do justice to the merits of General. San Martin, however'em-

barrassed I may feel when expres,ing my sentiments in a lan-
guage which is not my own, vet. as I am bound to HA L the
honourAble task that has devolved upon me, on the present
Occasion, I will venture to address you; on proposing the
salth of our illustrious Guest, the founder of the liberty of
Pau. The name of General Sanillartin is so familiar to the

ear of every person that has looked with any degree of interest
to the momentous and protracted struggle in the new world,
his deeds have been so brilliant and far-fmed, that I feel con-
fident the toast I am about to give will be drunk with plea-
sure by so many sincere and ardent friends Co the cause of ci-
vilization here assembled. Gentlemen, no sooner had the
voice of liberty, raised or! the banks of the river Plate, re-echoed e
in the Peninsula, than General San 31artin conceived it to be •
his duty to abandon the Spanish service, in which he-had so
often fought and distinguished himself under the illustrious •
Duke of Wellington ; and accordingly he repaired to Buenos
Ayres, to lend his arm to throw off the Spanish yoke ; Oct
yoke than which there is not any to be found in history more
hateful, degrading, or oppressive ; and the plan of which had
been laid down by despotism and superstition, by ignorance
and cupidity combined, to perpetuate slavery. During twelve
years; the efihrts of General San Martin to establish the inde-
pendence of that country were unremitting and successful.--
The passage of the Andes, in which nature herself was van-
guished by the genius of man ; the battles of Cliacabtwo and
Maipo, in which the Spanish power in Chili was put down
never to rise again ; the bold attempt to wrench from the ,
grasp of tyranny the land of the Incas with a handful of
men ; the brilliant and uninterrupted success that crowned
General San Martin on that memorable campaign, until he
thought it advisable to retire from the direction of public af-
fairs • all these achievements of General San Martin are already
recorded in the tablets of time by impartial history, and will
carry down his name to future generations, covered with glory
and immortality. lint it is not only as a warrior that Gen. San
Martin is entitled to the respect and admiration of men ; he.has
shewn himself an enlightened Statesman, and a virtuous citizen.
During the short space he was at the head of public atliiira in
Peru, surrounded as he was by dangers and difficulties, fie de-
voted his attention to such measures as might improve the con-
dition of the people Well aware of the salutary influence exer-
cised by that powerful arm of civilization, which so appropriately
has been called the artillery of thought, General San .Martin
proclaimed the freedom of the press. He also healed two of the
deepest wounds humanity ever suffered ; he ameliorated the con-
,. anion of the indigenous race, and abolished that shocking and
infamous traffic made in human blood, under the denomination
of Slave Trade. Convinced that knowledge is the essential ele-
ment of civilization, . and persuaded that true liberty never
can exist where the people are not enlightened, lie promoted
Importantllel.o riecte'oorri(illisiTvetroe made esybsytelmiimatinall
public education ; and, under his auspices, schools were este-
tifiloinsliedin mutual
the
branchesinst r t! instruc-
tion. -
of the administration ; prisons, which the Spanish Govern-
ment were the abodes of misery and despair. were convert-
ed into places of security to the culprit. Intolerance, that fun-
damental law of the Spanish kingdom, was struck at in Peru ;
and at last the Congress of the Representatives of the Pere-
vian Nation was convoked and installed by General San
Martin ; who thus confounding, by his magnanimous con-
duct, the malice of his enemies, who had endeavoured to
cause division, by insinuating that he desired to render lii.`
power permanent, resigned the supreme command into the
hands of Congress ; and although pressed to re-assume it,
he retired, amidst the regret of every Peruvian well-wisher
to his country. Thanks to General S. Martin, and to
those illustrious defenders of South American independence,
the reign of ignorance, of bigotry, and oppression, wtiich be-
gun with the discovery of the New World, under a perfidious,
tyrannical, and hypocritical King, of the name of Ferdinand,
will be at an end under another Ferdinand, equally bypOcri-
tical, tyrannical, and perfidious. Thanks to General S.
Martin, and those illustrious patriots, the New World
has laegun to emerge from the insignificance and obscurity
to which it had long been doomed. Under so many - inf-
provements as we have already witnessed in the New World,
• and having such a fair prospect before us, the South Americans
are determined to make every kind of sacrifices to preserve
, their dear-bought independence. Should ever the King of
Spain, in one of those tits of madness, or by one of those acts
• of imbecility which characterize the whole of his wretched life,
ever venture to attempt again the subjugation of South
America, and should he be assisted in such an iniquiton*
' enterprise, either by open force of arms or by base intrigues
and treacherous machinations, I trust that every one in South
America that has a heart will prove faithful to his duty.
I
hope that such monsters as Ballasteros, Abisbal, or the blood
thirsty and infamous Morino' will not be found amongst our-
selves.- From the knowledge I have of General San Martia'
character and patriotism, I feel confident he will appear 101
stand at his post whenever the hour of danger may arrive. J-
am sure he would then unsheath that sword that has already
proved so fatal to despotism, and will again conquer or die to
consolidate the beautiful fabric of South American Independ-
ence. - Under this confidence,- I beg, Gentlemen, to propose the
following toast :—" The Health of General San Martin."
In a neat and appropriate speech, the GENERAL, in Spanish,
• returned thanks for the high honour done him on this occasion•
the remembrance of which would be always dear to him. lie,
begged leave to assure his hearers, that the independence anti
welfare of his native land had always been the objects of his
efforts, and the only guides of his conduct; beyond them he had
no ambition. The main point being now attained, he was'enjoY"
ing the comforts of private life; but only so long as his country
was safe. - He was naturally fond of peace, and it was his Most ansi
oils anti cordial wish that thetranquillity of South America might
not be disturbed ; he flattered his self that the Court of Madrid
would relax in its mad pretensions, and see the advantage of Hy-
ing on terms of harmony with a country that had now for ever,
escaped from its grasp, and that this would also be the policy 0'
the other Cabinets of Europe ; but, added he, in the moot el,'"
piratic words, should war in any shape be carried to our coast'e
thither will Iffy, and there do -I pledge to shed the last drop 01
my blood in defence of that just freedom which we haee eircluil
proved to the world we can both earn and enjoy.
On " General liolivar's hearth" beingdrank, Mr. 1.7 ie aleavo
rose and returned thanks in an appropriate speech. l;5
observed, that he felt the deep emotions of gratitude 3t
the warm manner in which the name of the Liberator
had been received—the only name by which a Colombian
knew the man who had done so much for his country. No Cc:,
lombian' could forget that with very slender resources he WI
liberated an immense range of country in the face of a powerfu
enemy.
On the " health of the -President of the United States" being
drank, Mr. Itusit returned thanks.
During the evening the Duke of York's.. band played marl
, 1 national and foreign airs suited to the occa=sion.
tern

Doctor MicCuLi.octt has been appointed P
siciau in Ordinary to his Royal Highness Prioce
LEOPOLD.
WINDSOR, JUNE 9.2.—The 75th Regiment, at
present stationed here, under the command 0e
Lieut.-Colonel Sir J. CAmeuELL, were reviewed
this morning in the Great [bark by Sir lIENICi
TonnExs. A great concourse of spectators Were
assembled to witness the different manoeuvres of
the regiment.

..,
._,_.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
the Article " On the 31.mns-of Preventing the Mischievous
Effects of a Fall from a llorSe, &c." shall appear to=morrow.'

`s* For Mr. ROBERT DLLE OWEN'S LETTER, see the

Fourth Fag;

FOREIGN MAILS.

AmityEw
1 France

N 1011 WATER Kr LONDO
Morning, 47 minutes after IL 1

DL'E.
1 Gottenburgh

T
k:1 ) •

SOLEM QUIS DICERE FALSUM AUDE,AT

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 23, IS2I.

CITY, HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.

gf
ere,
of

PRICE OF STOCKS THIS DAY- AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Rack Stoek
per Cent. Red. 940 South Sea Stock —
~ Per Cent. Cons- shut Old Annuities
ui 11.,:: Deli' lOl4 i New Ditto'—
{
Dissd.
4 per Cent. Assd. lolis Ditto 500 , 2l 27
New shut Dim' Small ' 20
Ilan:c Long Ann.
Imp. 3 per Cents. lndia for Acct. •
1 rlilta ,r: to ck

PRICES OF ronmas FUNDS, AT ONE.O'CLOCK. . -
Austrian 13ds, 5 per ct. ... 95 Prussian, 3 per unt. AU
----Scrip. . Ditto New 995
Ciillan, lids,,6 per et.... .. ttussho, New, 5 per -et ,154-4
Colombian Btis, Co per et. ... Spanish I WI, 5 per et. 2IY4
—_—_.-.Scrip l4i pr. --- 1323, . ditto
4)4lisli, 5 per cent.
I;r:ek Scrip - BB' l'i.lladitun
2 par
Mexican Scrip 114 pr. Equitable Loan i 1
Neapolitan,. 5 per cent. ... Irish Ditto
I';:ruvian Bonds • Manchester Ditto
—Scrip _ French Rentes
Poltukllese Bonds 91.1i ---- Scrip

CALCUTTA CURRENT VALUE OF GOVERNMENT
SECURITIES.
Saturday,- December G, 1823.

36 8 a 37 S
10 0 a 14 U

II-el-ratable, Prat'
N,4:-R.e.mittabl V, DO.
• &uurday, December 13, 1823_
Itaarittable,•Prem - 37 ,8 a 33 0
Nor.-Rernittable, Do.
Saturday, December 20,- 1923. , •
11:emir_table, Prem 39 0 a. 30 3
:lion-R4nittable, Do.
Saturday, December 27, 1823.
Remittable, Prem
I'lo/1-Remittable, Db.

N BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Evening, 0 minutes after 0.

His MAJESTY, we are assured, dines with
Lord WELLINGTON to-morrow, and will P OSI.
TI ELY go to the House of Lords ou Friday to
prorogue Parliament.

Consols opened at 95 for the Account, but
declined about one o'clock to 95k, in conse-
quence of some sales being effected. There is
very little doing in any public security. Colom-
bian Scrip is at 1-1, and Mexican at 1-1:14- prem.

We have extracted from last night's Gazette
the official details of the melancholy fate of Sir
CHARLES M'CiaTtly- and the troops under his
Command. They wilt be read with the deepest
interest, notwithstanding the time that has
elapged since the disastrous intelligence first
reached this country.

' We are now enabled to lay before our Readers
the following extracts from the New York Pa-
pers, relative to the state of Mexico, and the
most important feature of which we announced
yesterday on the authority of ad vices brought by
our Express. Whether the Mexican Congress
has or has not appointed a Dictator, this much is
at least evident, that the Republic is in the
greatest disorder, and in a state of imminent pe-
ril. Our Readers recollect that we alone re-
peatedly stated, at the time of ITURDIDE's de-
parture, that he had gone out in the interest of
Spain and the Holy Allies. They now see, from
the subjoined extracts, that the same intelligence
had been transmitted at a much earlier period to
the Mexican Government. Before he" eft this
country, ITURDIDE had conferences with every
Spaniard of any note, particularly those of the
moderate party, who would receive him.
NEW YOliE, .MAy 18.—By an arrival at Philadelphia from
Alvarado, accounts are received that the Mexican Congress,
M the beginning of last month, appointed a Committee of
their own body, consisting of eight individuals, to deliberate
on the best means of maintaining public tranquillity, who re-
ported unanimously that the entire want of moral strength
and energy on the part of the existing Government, and the
want of confidence in the provincial authorities, required that
" Supreme Director" should be forthwith appointed by
the Executive, with power to appoint a Vice Director (to act
in all cases of inability on the part of the Dictator); and who
should also be Commander-in-Chief of the military, forces
of the country—have power to transfer the Government
and Congress from the capital to any other part of the coun-
try—to appoint military Commanders in any of the pro-
winces, and dispose of the military power generally—to obtain
money on the credit of the nation—to resist at pleasure the acts
of the Provincial Legislature—to solicit foreign aid if neces-
sary—to expel foreigners who have not been naturalized ; and
finally, to annul any of the acts of Congress, whenever they
tkhould interfere with his measures, &c. .This proposition was
immediately discussed.in secret session, and it is said in pri-
vate letters to have passed by a majority of Congress.
• Xll AY 19.—Letters from Alvarado state, that on the Sd of
April there was a conspiracy discovered in favour of Iturbide ;
and on the 4th the leader of it was seized and beheaded. This
brought about the change of Government noticed in yesterdhy's
Gazette.
MAY 20.--Mexican papers to the 19th ult. have been re-
ceived at the office of the National Gazette, Philadelphia.
Not a word is said in them respecting the important political
measures noticed in Tuesday's Gazelle. Mr. s% says the
Mexican Congress appears to have regarded the country as in
a fearful crisis, requiring a very energetic executive. The
wide prevalence of discontent and treachery leaves no alter-

native.
We have received a publication, issued in the Mexican me-
tropolis on the 10th of April, which contains a copy of a ptiVate
communication of the ex-Emperor Iturbide, dated the 2d of
November, 1823, to King Ferdinand, and obtained through
bribery, at 'Madrid, by a friend of Mexican independence.
Iturbide stated to the King of Spain, that all his movements in
Mexico had been studiously adapted to the purpose of retain-
ing the throne of that country for a Spanish Bourbon ; that he
had intentionally abstained from reducing the Castle of St.
Juan de Mica, as he might have done in the beginning, with
.a view to leave a point d'appui for the Royal cause • that the
natives of Mexico are incapable of governing themselves, &c.
The Madrid correspondents of the Mexican Government are
of opinion that Iturbide's departure froni Italy for England
.was concerted with the Holy Alliance and Ferdinand, and that
he is acting as their instrument against Mexican independence.
" The Committee of Public Credit of the Mexican Congress
•reported a bill on the 17th of March, for acknowledging and
funding the debts contracted by the different Governments of
Mexico, since 17th Sept. 1810. The committee represent the
whole national debt as amounting to only 40,725,000 dollars. •
. The Mexican papers speak with feeling of the horrible mur-
der of Mr. Crawford, -and the plunder of the American party
