OLD AND SUPERIOR WINES.

Q PENCER and PERKINS, . No. ifs,' -Newaoate-
Li street, Importers of. Wine for upwards of forty years,
twenty of rihich they have adopted that admirable mode
of meliorating in. large Vats of 3 and goon Gallons con-
tents, as is .pradised.in • Gernany find other .places Abroad,
by, w,iclr their Wines age fa Impfo,Vea in flavour,
cordial qualities retained, that they are not only a deiircnts
liquor to the palate, but grateful to the stoinachs of nervous
Habits, and the Aged and Infirm. Their Stock °IOU Port,
-and Madeira, Sec. is upwards of 4:-,000 Bottles, and t3,p00
Gallons in Vats and Casks, by' which they are enabled to
keep Wine to great ages, which vley sell .on the most mo-
derate terms, for Ready-money. Not less than a Dozen sent
to any part f the Town tree of expence.
Their Cogniac Brandy, and lantaica RuM, they keep in
Vats,- and to great ages. •

To TAYLOR, Surgeon, No. q, New Bridge-street,

London.

SIR, Edinburgh, May 2, !Soo.
IN the Spring of 1704 I war. alliiEted with a
Venereal Complaint, which I treated with indiffer-
ence for
,lysfiveliniciimattp,
whos
months; brut
a n
twas
tteheliii)oorabily stopigeit
to theteapplyvitroua.
regular
i
time;obfutthgeroDwiisneag,sein(s:bpyiremeorfcauirlia applications) for some
file 'sole and the advice
of the' first Gentlemen of ' the Faculty here, worse and
..worse for two years, I was reduced to a state almost un-
paralleled and beyond description, .being an entire leper, 1
and ulcerated from head to foot.—My head, throat, mouth,
nose, legs, arms,,Ac. have been alternately in
twenty
of
,becoming useless; in short, I have had from to I
thirty eating ulcers on my body, and nearly totally de--'
(rived of sight.—lt would be voluminous to particula-
rize all my case---suffice it to say, there never was, or ever
will be, one of a more
,dangerous, or of a more compli-
catednature. I was long looked upon by my friends
imagined myself; beyond all hopes of recovery; and,.3nd
deed, in my then condition, death was preerable to my
more than miserable state. In this dreadful situation did
I drag a most inierable existence, till Divine Providence
threw in my. way a Newspaper containing the .case of a
Mr. B. of Plymouth—my friends read it, I could not.-1
sent and procured some of your LEAKE's PATENT
• PILLS, which, by using from time to time, am now, and
have long 'been, (after more than four years indescribable
distress), in as good a state of health as ever I enjoyed; as a
proof of tins, I hada fine, thriving, healthy child, born to
me a few months ago. In gratitude to God, and in hopes
of rendering my fellow-creature service, I request you to
publish this; and you may at ally time refer persons who
wish to be satisfied of the truth of this, or further part'.
culars*, to me or my friends, by letter or person.
As tew cases for badness ‘s ill ever equal mine, and none
exceed it, I have trout experience every reason to assure
mankind, that in your L PILLS they will find a
sure, speed!, sate, and radical cure, lot tha% most dread-
ful stags of the Venereal Disease, which is called a CON.
riNitte Lugs. IOHN THOMPSON.
* Insurmountable family reasons prevent making my
name and address public ; - but creditable persons really
wanting 'information may also be referred to me and my
friends by Mrs. S. Clark, Ramsay-Gardens, E dinb u !gh.
Prepared and Sold by the Sole Proprietor,
T. TAYLOR, Member of the Royal College of Surgeons
in London; at his house, No. a New 13ridge-street,,
Where he will .give Advice withi,ut a fee, to persons tak-
ing these Pills, and will answer patients letter, if post.
paid, on the same terms, observing in all casesirthe most
inviolable secrecy, no person's name or case .having been
mentioned, but at their own particullt request, by the 1 ro-
prietor, during the course or more than thirty-six years,
that' he has had the concluding 01 an extensive sale of the
above Medicine, and the praCtice arising therefrom.
They are also sold by his Appointment, ior the conve.
nience of those living at a distance, by -Mr. Baxter'
South-bridge, Edinburgh; Mr. Macdonald, Printer, Glas-
gow, to. whom also Mr. I'. refers for his address; At the
Perfumer's, No. 3S, St. Allan's-street, ; Mr.
Robertson's Toy-stuip, No. 105 Oxford-street; Mr. Disz
borough's, No. 7, Fish-street-hill, nearly opP.osite the Mo-
nument ; Mr. Steel's, linokseller. No. 1, Union-rows Little
Tower-hill; Ml_ Bull, Dame-street, Diiblin; and-by one
persok in every considerable town in Great-Britain and
'lreland, in !loxes of only zs. nil. each, sealed up with
full and plain directions, whereby persons of either Sex
ut:ly cure themselves with ease and secrecy.
_ .

N, 11. Every Box -=old in Great Britain is sealed up
with a Stamp; on which, by favour of the Commis-
sioners, is printed, at the Stamp-Olfice—" T. Taylor,
No. 0, New Bridge-street." to irnitatc whit:4lS felony, will
all otters are cmanterteits.

[i3ltiCE SIXPENCE HALFPENNY.

SPAIN.

tFROM THE SEMA_NARIO

" SPAIN NEEt)S A GENERAL AND :EFFRCTUAL

REI,O2IZ.

"I Little more than three agei have etapsed,,ince
Spain cotild call hertelf a whole nation, tier- various
Provinces being only then uni►ed under bne Govern-

and authoriti. These yers would, have.suf-
ticed to gather in the fruits which were vcomised

the consolidation of so poweilul a kingdom, if for-
tune, %dile(' had pleased to arranize the §ticcessiv't

intermarriages and inheritantes of the.

had given to them the will arid power to oe,,,ent so
'magnificent an edifice, instead of leaving it to time
to lindermine what they had ta:sed. The nation
was distracted by the taeti,ms of the .pbwerful gran-
dees, who,
,availing themsel.Ves of the debility of the

Kings, emulated the independence of the throne.
The people,
.wearied by tin, cliecies bi- domestic ty
ranny, a thouten i limes more glievons than the re-
t:o er despot*, 'ot a Court, lent their arms to an
aalve and artful .Minister, in order to destroy the
petty rivals of Ferdinand she Catholic; and from
that Moment, no voice was heard Si, Soain, but that

of the Monarch. ltliti will rettraaied by ills
privileges (fueros) of some Piovinees;, and some
controul, tuough , weak, wa, formed by the preca-
rious arid vague infitiente of the Covet it Castile.—
Ferdinand was fora time checked tit/ the deF,:re to
possess that crowd ; in case of tile
.death of his
Queen, to whom it. ii,Aoliged; and this iitcident
placed obstacles in the wit,' .ot de4;.b ism, tor a pe.
nod, so that the people did not tee ark the tabt'
which threatened them.

" Arberary 'power had shot peep and intricate
roots, when cite of those 'cap-t:thus famity.conote.„
tioni on which the welfare oe ruin of whole nations
depends, Felt the sceptre of Spain into the hands of
a foreigner, and made it the, inheritance of a C.ier-.
man house. From thence our firmament was over-
shadowed by a cloud cif evils which is still discharg-
ing itself dpon :Our head's. this was perceived bY
those generous Spaniards whO invoked, the valour of
their nation to avert it • ' bat they soon lean: ed, by
fatal calamities,
.that. slavery is rapidly contagious
when it seities' .Oty .a dh'ided 'nation. They were
doomed
.to suffer thiS thrOugh the arms of their-fel:
low-countrymen ; and the scaffold wag raked Up by
.the same liarkds which had sought to break the chain.
Who could feel'..Compassion for an infatuated people
who sacrifieed, their .youth—vho ran to shed their
blood in foreign lands, in order to impose theyoke
upon other. nations whose spoils they did net even
'enjoy ? The, brilliaet reigo of Charles V. _passed
away : in that ,school' was formed a Philip U. who
adding new pretensions to those of his fattier, had to
supply by intrigue' that strength which had been un-
profitably lavished, anti who-degraded himself be-
tore Europe, which had formerly trembled at his
presence. 'At length the utmost debility was united
to the utmost despotism; and the Spanish nation
descended from King to King, as from abyss to
abyss, to the profundity' of degradation and Misery.
Spain-then became the legacy of a. weak mo-
narch to the ambitious court of France'; and she
was torn to pieces, being the prize set up to be
contended for by two foreigners. Exhausted by
fresh wat s, she slombered in the interval, during
which the intrigues of other cabinets allowed her to
.lay down the arms she had•scarcely strength to sus-
tain, till in our days falling into the hands °fan ad-
venturer who covered her with shame, she was on
the point of becoming the prey of another adventurer
still more audacious, who availed himself of the
baseness of his predecessor to subdue here
" This ketch comprises the period of °dr glory.
But what inP.uenee had this on the happiness of the
country ? Was she rendered moire happy •hy the dis-
covery ofia,new world, whose riches were the price
of the blood shed in Flanders and Germany., 'for in-
terests which were not her own ? Or could her fee
licity spring from the barren triumphs of tie, „rms,
joined to those of other nations? Glory was donbt-
less then gained by our ancestors ; a glory wilich
strewed what the valour of this people could
eftect ; but the glory perished,, with the ,r), and left
to their descendants vain recollections, mingled with
incalculable evils.
" What then shall we say "r. 4 foe.i.ef aces--ages
of everlasting war; at one time against the usurper
of our soil ; at another time against princes, whose
renewed coolliEts \were ever springing from succes-
sive victories 'No firm and pertnanent bt•es t)f go-
vernment were estiblislied, when the
,Penitts:ell
formed one kingdom. And shall we seek for pre-
cedents, when every pros ince was an itidepeincnt-
state.-4when war was tanW carried on against -the
Moors, now waged by Christians, who slaughtered
each other ?
" No, Spaniards ; we will not deceive oarselvt4s,
concerning the present 'state or .our- country.
possmonumentsvenerable monuments of grandeur and power,
and derive them directly from our ancestors. We
possess, laws, which at one period wen:, bet ter ifLin
any Europe then enjoyed; but we 'do not refaia
the shadow ,of what our actual situation requires,
nor any resemblance of what can render u 5. happy,
being what we. now are. Our ancestors he.iped to.;
gether the fragnients of ancient ruins; we have to
form the plan of an edifice, 'adapted te our actual
exigencies; we ought not to destroy whin we havt;
inherited tron; them, but to fill up -the chasms in
,•.
what is remaining. ' - -
" If we add to all this the ernbm.rdsgments arising
from an horrible invasion, and a defence undertaken
when the arts of despotism had laid us proStfate and
almost lifeless, we may, contemplate at one glance
the evils which surround and menace us, unless v e
apply an efficacious remedy.
" Spain is tottering amid precipices, and with tfik
guide only of uncertain lights for her prestr,..atioh.
She has a Kiri': whom she tenderly loves, and' sne
knows WA whether the d 4: will ever arrive, -when

s le will enjoy the delight of repossessing h rn : she
4:tows not what she is to do, should she lose him ;
what she has to ask of him, should he return ; or
what to demand, should any be substituted in his
place. She possesses high tribunals, some ancient
and ruinous .; others recently formed, and wanting
consolidation ; and she knows not whuther those
will ever rise from their ruins, or whether these
will ever be organized, to bectime the worthy pro-
teelors of the laws. Laws ! yes, Spain has laws, but
her citizens are ignorant of them, and huMan life
scarcely suffices to understand them : she has laws,
but they lie hidden in.thonsands of volumes, and are
buried as tinder heaps,ot rubbish : she has laws,
but many spring from ancient ignorance ; many
from modern caprice. Spain has an immense re-
venue, but scarcely any- one can be found who is
able to develape its principles : she has immense re,
sources of finance,*but no one knows how they are
to be colle6ted or applied ; no one is acquaiLted with
their prciportion to our wants. •
" Fmaily, this Nast Monarchy' is tottering on a
foundation of sand : how then can it sustain the
violent shocks whic" every day threaten it ! Were
we insulated, like the happy inhabitants of England,
it would be necessary to apply an universal remedy
to our internal evils : but how great is this urgency,
when w e have for a neighbour a rival nation, with
whom we Can never have peace or alliance, if we
are to preserve our independence ? Are we then so
" delirious, as to fancy it possible for us to maintain
nuTherous armies for a considerable time, while the.
State remains in the disorganization in which it is
"laced by this unbroken series of evil ? Do we ima-
gine, that because indignant at the injustice we have
sustained from the common oppressor of Europe, we
hive roused up among us the energies of despair, that
these alone will preserve us ? Equally mad would
that enfeebled and wonnded mats be, who should
fancy himself enabled to pursue a journey of many
miles, because he found himself enabled to take a
few steps, invigorated by rage, or the tear of an im-
pending danger : wretched would be be, were the
danger to be renewed while he remained uncnred!"

MAILS.
ARA IVID—L Lisbon, Dublir. DUE-3 Gottenburgh,
t Malta, z Waterford.

THE SUN.

40LIkt QUIS DICERS YALIIII4 AUDIAT ?

LONDON,

THUItSDAY, AUGUST 24, 1809.

This morning three Messengers arrived from" Lord
CHATHAM. The Dispatches which they bring state,
that the whole of the British force had landed in
South Be.' vcland, except those -left in garrison
in Flushing, under the command of Lieutenant-
General FRAZER. The most aiitive preparations
were making for the attack on Fort Lillo.
The Dispatches are dated the 20th instant.

We this morning received Spanish and Portu-
guese Papers, the former to the 1 tth and the
latter to the 15th inst. It appears from these
Papers, that the French have colle&ed almost
the whole of the disposable force which they
have in Spain, with a view of bringing it to bear
Upon the English army ; the consequence of which
has been, that Sir A. WELLESLE r has been under the
necessity of making a retrograde movement. SOULT
and NEY are stated to have formed a junction, and
to have advanced to Placentia, with a view of getting
in the rear of the British army, to prevent which, it
became necessary for Sir ARTHUR and CutsTs to fall
back. The Spanish GeneralVENEGAs is stated to have
obtained some advantages over a French corps near
Aranjuez, but the details are not given. Sir ARTHUR
WELLESLEY has been appointed, by the Supreme
Junta, Generalissimo Of the Spanish Forces—an
appointment which we trust will be produ&ive of
the greatest benefit to the common .cause, as he
will now be able to combine his operations with
preciiion and certainty. •

We have Lttleto:addio the observations that ve
made yesterda), on ihe'censures which the Opposi-

tion Writers bare directed against Ministers, for not
baying sent part ot-the Expedition three weeks be-
fore the whole Was-ready; and for having at last sent
an armament twice es large as was necessary for the.
_ objeLt in view. The Opposition Writers, bowel er,
return to the charge, and seem resolved to repeat
their accusations,, wit►out paying any attention to
reasoning of a• contrary nature. We must again ob-
serve, that nothing can be expected of importance
froth half-measures, and that the taking. of Walche-
Ten was not the only obje& in view. It is said
by the chief organ of the Party, that " had the force
at first sent out not been greater than what was
barely sufficient for the conqoest of Walcheren, the
French would naturally have supposed that at least
in that quarter %ke had nothing farther in contempla-
tion," and that consequently they might not have

colleCted a great force to frustrate any ulterior ope-
ration. But the French are not so very short-sight-
, .ed in their poliepos this Opposition Writer seems
now to suppose, though when it suits his purpose to
represent them as sagacious and at:tive, their powers
are exalted far above any that our :Ministers possess.
in the first place, is it possible so nicely to ealeu-
' late what force
.might be necessary for the reduc-
tion of Walcheren ; aiid
,was it.,not more wise
have. such . ai hirtnidable force ._betore..-it as
night tend to precipitate its surrender, and then

be in teadiness to proceed at once to the other
points in view ? Granting that we had obtain- .
ed possession of Walchertm, with half the force
we sent against it, are we to presume that the
French would not most vigorously have endeavoured
to defeat our ulterior designs, by securing the other
points of attack, before the remainder of our Expe-
dition arrived ? This reasoning is full as good as that
upon which the Opposition Writers have built their
censures against Ministers for delay in he fit st instance,
and a prodigal excess of force, for an obje& that might
have been accomplished with nearly half of that force.
But if we had only sent force sufficient to effect
the reduction of Walcheren, and tie: French had

than -supposed that " at least in that quarter we had
nothing farther in contetnplation,". was it not better
to keep them, if possible, in ignorance of our designs
altogether, till we had prepared a force best calcu-
.
lated to carry them into effeCt. If they could sup- -
pose that we had no farther objett in view in that
quarter, after taking Walcheren a.strpposition which
would not be very consistent with the penetration
and vigilance which the Opposition Writers, always
ascribe to them, they would hardly 4ave•proceeded
with great vigour to defend any particular place,
while they were doubt ful as to the point against
,cvhich
our Expedition was actually to be directed ; tor it is
well known that in this country various coujeaures,
prevailed as to the exact destination of our arms-
, went, and •no certain knowledge was obtained till
many hours after it had positively sailed ; with so
much prudence had oar Ministers concealed the
secret, till rt was needless to conceal it any longer.

Yesterday, at twelve o'clock, his MAJESTY ar-
rited from Windsor at the Queen's Palace, where he
was received by their Royal Highnesses the Dukes
of YORK, KENT, and CUMBCHL AND.
Soon after two held a private Levee,
which was attended by
The Archbishop of Canterbury ; the Duke of Portland ;
Earls Westmorland, Liverpool, nd Harrowby ; Viscount
Castlereagh ; Lords Mulgrave, Lcresan .Gower-, and-
field ; Lord Arden, (in waiting) ; Sir David Dundas; Mr.
Canning; Mr. Percival ; and-Mr. Greville (Groom in wait-
ing.) •
The following had the honour of being presented
to his Alajesty :
_ Rear:Admiral Stopford, on his marriage, and Mr. Wel-

leslcy Fele:
Hi NIAJESTY afterwards held a Privy Council,
and gave audience to the Duke of PPRYLAND, and
the rest of the Cabinet Ministers.
At half-past five o'clock his MAJESTY left'town
for Windsor.

SPANISH AND PORTLGUESE PAPERS.

SEVILLE.
GAZETTE *L.TRAORDINARY OF THE GOVERNMENT,
AUG. 8, 1809.

General VENEGAS writes from his head-quarters at
Ocanba, under date of the sth instant, that on that
day the 1 st, 2d, and 3d divisions of his army had
covered themselves with glory on the banks'of the
.Tagus, at Aranjuez, where being three times attack-
ed by the-enemy with the greatest obstinacy, they
repulsed them as often ; the calmness and courage of
our troops being above ail praise. The force of the
enemy consisted of from 14 to 15,000 men, and the
atlion lasted from five to eight in the evening.—
By another dispatch from General CUESTA welearn,
that the Anglo-Spanish army is at Ponte de Arce-
bispo, on the left hank of the Tagus, watching the
movements of Marshal Sour.T.
