THAMES POLICE-OFFICE.

A SELF-EMANCIPATED BLACK.--The Captain
of a merchant ship brought a curley-headed black
fellow to the office, to know what he should do
with him, as the fellow swore by he would not
go back to Ceylon. The Captain said he had ship-
ped this black at Ceylon as under-steward and
servant, and was under a bond a 5001. to deliver
him back there, if alive. He had arrived in this
country two months since, during the chief part of
which time the black had been ashore with other
sailors, and having attached himself to a woman,
and partaken extensively of the luxuries which this
" blessed country" affords, he was disinclined to go
en board to his duty, as the ship was going to sea
in a day or two. The fellow was too stupid to
think about the consequences of his stopping here,
but he would probably be starved, as all his false
friends would give him " the cut direct" the mo-
ment they ascertained that his money and clothes
wire gone. The Captain wished the Magistrate to
send the black on board, and he would take goad
care to keep him safe until the vessel was at sea.
Capt. RICHBELL—Has he committed any offence?
Captain—No criminal offence, only being drunk;
he is half drunk now.

Capt. RacimELL-- What can Ido with him ? I
cannot make him go on board.
Captain—Not make him go on board ? Why the
fellow will perish with hunger.
Capt. RICHBELL-NOt he. Hallo ! you, Sir 1
Why don't you go back with the ship, as you
promised ? Black—Me like London well.
Me stop; me like to stop; me no go back.
Captain RICHIIELL —But you must go on board
—the master wants you.
Black—Me no care a —; me came London
passenger; me no black fellow servant; oh no 1
Captain tell -- lie I

Captain—Why, you scoundrel, what do you
mean by that ? Do you think, Sir, I would bring
a black son of a like that fellow a passenger.
He was servant in the cuddy, Sir; nothing more;
and had 30s. a month.

The black grinned, and shrugging up his should-
ers, said," All -- lie—me passenger."
Captain, in a rage.—Passenger! pshaw ! you
deserve a good flogging.
Black—Me had floggee enough—me no like flog-
gee. No floggee in England; me stop and get work.
Capt. RICIIBELL—I can't interfere. If he will
not go on board, I have no power of making him.
He is emancipated from his state of slavery the
moment he sets foot in England.
Captain—l wish I had left the -- thief behind.
The Magistrate reproved the Captain-for swear-
ing, and, addressing the black, contrasted the misery
he was likely to be reduced to by remaining here
with the comfort he would experience on board.
The fellow shook his head with the air of a
black who had made up his mind, and said, " Me
see you all before me go back."
A gentleman whispered to the commander of the
ship, who said, " A thought has struck me : this
fellow has committed some offence in the island,
and he is afraid to go back. Now, I think he ought
to be sent back."

Capt. RICIIBELL smiled, and said, " Oh, that
sort of thing won't do with me; have you any
evidence of his committing any offence, because if
you had you should not have brought him away."
The black fellow at this juncture, the door of the
office being opened to admit some one else, made a
bolt, upsetting an Irish apple-woman, who exclaimed,
" bad luck to your - black soul 1" His only
answer was, " Me see Captain -- before me go
back." His flight was too instantaneous and rapid
to admit of his being stopped, and he escaped. The
Captain departed very angry, hoping the fellow
would go to a certain repeatedly described very hot
residence for wicked souls.

UNION-HALL.
A woman, named Daley, was charged with
assaulting Crow, a constable, and breaking the win-
dows of" The World Turned Upside Down." The
officer said that she was the greatest virago be had
ever met with, and beat the famous Lady Barry-
more for violence. She had beaten him violently,
and when locked up asked him for some water to
drink ; he gave her a basin full, when, instead of
drinking it, she flung basin and all at his head. The
prisoner was committed to Guildford gaol for two
months. She said, she didn't care, as she had gone

HADDINGTON CORN Al A KKET.—Oct:23.

Business in the Oat and Barley markets flat, and sales
dull ; 160 quarters of Barley in market, 123 of which
were sold—top 35., and average Is. 4d. down. Of Oats
269 quarters were sold, 14 unsold and unreturned—top
6d. up, average 4d. down. Wheat brought the same top,
and has advanced about 9d. on the average. Beans down,
and Pease up.

Wheat. Barley. Oats. Pease. Beans.
First 77s Od 36s Oct 29s 6sl 38s Od 40s Od
Second 6ls Od 30s Od 24s Od 3.3 Od 37s Od
Third 46s Od 28s Od 19s Od 30s Od —s Od
There were 311 qrs. of Wheat in market, 265 whereof were sold.
56 Unsold.-20 Grey.
3/. 2s. 10d. 7-12ths.

Aver

DALKE]
The supply of t
was large, and
those of last week,

[TH COM
►ll kinds of
sales dull

N MARK'
If Grain al

; prices

Wheat. Barley. Oats.
First...... '74s 04 34s Od 26s Od
Second... 66s Od 30s Od 24s Od
Third..... 58s Od 28s Od 21s Od

ET.—Oct. 22.
t this day's market
rather lower than

Pease. Beans.
40s Od 40s ed
33s Od 38s Od
36s Od 36s Od

CORNWALL MARKETS.

TRURo.—Wheat (average) 21s. 9d.:L.iiiile;,l2s.—Oats, 9s. 9tl.
HacaToN—Wheat, 225. Od.—Barley, 13s. Od.
ST. AusTem.—Wheat, 235. to 24s.—Barley, 11s. to 13s.—Oats,
Bs. to 9s. Od. _

11;;;;;N=Wheat (average) 225. 6d.—Rarley, 12s. Od.—Oats, N.
LA UNC ESTON—W hea t (average) 225. 6d.—Barley, 13s. Ckl—Oats,
9s. Od.—Beef, 6d.—Mutton, sd.
LisKEsan—Wheat, 225. 6d. to —&—Barley, 12s. 6d.—Oats, 10s.
to 1 Is. Od.

ST. CoLuMß—Wheat, 225. to 23s.—Barley, 11s. to 13s.—Beef,
and Mutton, 4&d. to 6d.—Veal and Lamb, Od to 6d.
PENZANCE—heat, 225. to 23s.—Barley, —s. to 15s.—Oats,
Ss. to I Is. Od.—Beef and Mutton, 41d. to sd.—Pork, 4d. to Od.—
Butter, 91d. per lb.

MINING INTELLIGENCE. Tons. Cwt.
Quantity of Copper Ore sold at Redruth last Thursday 2,501 0
Average Produce 7li 0
Quantity of fine Copper 195 0
Amount oftale„ 14,8011.35. fid.—Average Standard, 1111.45. Od.

PROMISES OF THE CORPORATION.—The
result of the late election for Coroner gave some strong
surprises to many friends of the Candidates, who, being
ignorant of the City Elections, had relied implicitly upon
promises of votes and interest. The total number of
Members of the Court of Common Council is 266. With
but one exception, each of the Candidates was assured of
success. Mr. Guns, for instance, had 80 positive pro-
mises, and had altogether good reasons to expect at least
120 votes. Not one-half of the positive promises were
performed; and the other Candidates, with the exception,
it is said, of the successful one, were under equal obliga-
tions to their numerous encouragers and supporters. Be,
tween 500 and 600 rotes were promised " upon honour,"
by 266 Members of the great Corporation. The canvas.
sers agree in the opinion, that the last thing attended to by
the Members was the evidence of the qualification of the
Candidates to act for the public, and that the circumstances
which weighed most were those of private interest and
personal gratification.

The rivers in the neighbourhood of Blackburn
have been considerably swollen by the heavy rains that
have fallen during the week. On Wednesday the water
overflowed the banks of the Ribble at Walton, and, in
some parts, covered the fence rails. About nine o'clock
the 'Umpire coach, after passing Walton bridge, was turned
completely round by the stream, and the coachman pru-
dently returned to Preston, where he remained two hours
before he could proceed to this town. The Liverpool
coaches could not pass Penwortham-bridge, and therefore
proceeded round by Walton to Preston. The new road
from Blackburn to Preston was passable. The land about
Sowerby and St. Michael's, near Garstang, was inundated
for many miles. The oldest inhabitants of these districts
can scarcely recollect such a high flood.—Manchester Advj
STATE OF TRADE.—The blanket trade,
when compared with its state three months ago, may be
called brisk ; and the looms are much better employed.—
The quantity of goods sold in Huddersfield market, on
Tuesday last, was much larger than usual. The looms
are better employed, but wages have not improved. At
Halifax market, on Saturday last, the quantity of goods
sold was greater than had been sold on any previous
market day during six months. There is, however, one
branch, the carpet trade, which is at present in a very low
state of depression, and still declining, in consequence of
the competition of the Scotch manufacturers with those of
England. The Bradford market continues brisk : a great
quantity of goods was sold on Thursday last, but without
the smallest advance in price. There is, in short, a good
deal more business doing throughout these manufacturing
districts, but we fear with very small remuneration either
to the manufacturers or their workmen,--.Lcedellfereury.
