PROCLAMATION.

Portuguese,—The greatest force is insufficient against the
will of a people determined to live no longer in a state of
slavery. The history of the world has confirmed this truth, and
it is still further confirmed by the rapid events of this vast
empire, which, at first deceived by the flattering promi.s of
the Congress at Lisbon,, the falehood of which soon appeared,
was betrayed in its most sacred rights and most obvious inte-
rests, and had presented to it only the prospect of re-coloniza-
tion and legal despotism a thousand times more tyrannical than
the caprices of an individual despot. The great and generous
Brazilian people then passed through the alternatives of un.
bounded credulity, justifiable distrust, and mortal hatred, and
adopted the firm resolution of establishing a legislative assembly
of their own,' to frame by its wisdom and prudence the new
social compact which is to govern the country, and that assail.
bly is about to commence its glorious task : the same great and
generous people have unanimously chosen me for their per-
petual defender—an honourable charge which I have proudly
accpted, and which I am determined to execute even to the
sacrifice of my life.
This first step, which ought to have opened the eyes of the
Congress to the profound abyss into which the whole nation
is about to be precipitated, which ought to have rendered it
more circumspect in its conduct, and more just in its acts,
only served to inflame the corroding passions of demagogues,
who, to your shame, have seats in the august sanctuary
of the law*. All measures tending to retain Brazil under
the iron yoke of slavery, have obtained the approbation
of the Congress. The Cortes have decreed troops for con-
quering Brazil under the frivolous pretext of suppress.
mg factions. The Brazilian Deputies have been pub-
licly insulted and their lives threatened. The Senhor Don
John VI., my august father, has been compelled to descend
from the high dignity of a Constitutional Monarch, by the se.
vere captivity in which he is placed, and to act the part of a
mere publisher of the delirious decrees of his corrupt 31inisters.
and of the factious members of the Congress, whose names will
be handed down with their crimes to the execration of posterity:
and I, the heir of the throne, have been held up to scorn, and
whoabused by the very persons ought to teach the people to
respect me, in order that they might themselves be respected
by the people.
Under such critical circumstances the heroic people of Bra.
zil, finding all means of conciliation exhausted, availed them.
selves of a right, the possession of which no one can dispute.
On the 12th of 'the present month they proclaimed me their
constitutional Emperor, and ,declared their own independence.
By this solemn act an end was put to the distrusts and jea-
dpltiiiiiies tuifndinomteinliniopntedconsteerrilesi-
ploluatseieds ofb the
zbiol inaneso;niggartsst;
ne
of monuments placed in the path of eternal time to record to
this people their past mislo;tunes, now only serve to convince
them how far Brazil would have been advanced in prosperity,
if at an earlier period she lord been separated from Portugal—
if her good sense and reason had sooner sanctioned a separation
whiohNature had matte.
Such is the state of Brazil. Though from the 12th of this
month Brazil no longer forms an integral part of the .aticient
Portuguese Monarchy, still nothing prevents the continuation
of their ancient commercial relations, as I declared in my de-
cree of the Ist of August, if Portugal do not send troops to
invade any of the provinces of this Empire.
Portuguese-1 offer you the space of four months to make
your decision. Determine, and choose either the continuance
of a friendship founded on the dictates of justice and genero.
shy, and in the ties of blood and reciprocal interests; or a most
violent war, which can alone terminate in the independence of
Brazil or the ruin of both countries. THE EMPEROR.
Palace of Rio de Janeiro, Oct-11, 184

T II E ARM Y.

Detachments belonging to the undermentioned Regiments of
Infantry :—the 59th (or 2d Nottingham), General A. Ross,
Colonel; and the 87th (or the Prince of Wales's Own Irish)
General Sir J. Doyle, Bart. 0.C.8. and K.O. Colonel, march-
ed from Portsmouth on the 10th instant, for Chatham, where
they will arrive on Friday next.
Detachments belonging to the following Regiments of Foot :
—the 14th (or Buckh glum), General Sir i. Calvert, Bart.
and (1.C.11. Colonel ; the allth (or Ist Staffordshire), General
G. J. Earl of Ludlow, G.C.B. Colonel, and the 44th (or East
Essex), Lieut.-General Gore Browne, Colonel, marched from
Albany Barracks, on the 9th inst. for Chatham, where they
will arrive on the 17th inst.

Detachments beforiging- to the undermentioned Corps i---The
11th Light Dragoons, Lieutenant-General Lord W. Bentinck,
G.C.B. and M.P. Colonel, and the 16th (or the Queen's Light
dragoons), (Lancers), Field-Marshal William, Earl of liar.
court, G.C.11.. Colonel, have received orders to march from
Maidstone on Friday next, the lith inst, for Chatham, where
they will arrive the same day.
The remainder of the 65th Regiment of Foot is daily expect•
.
ed to arrive in England, for India.
The Depot of the above Regiment has received orders to
march from Portsmouth to-day, for Chatham, where it will ar-
rive on the 20th inst.

The Depot of the 13th Regiment of Foot, which has em-
barked for India, will march, to day, from Chatham, fur Albany
Barracks, where it will arrive, on the glut inst.

PROMOTIONS.
War-Office, January 10.
Royal Regiment of Bone Guartis—Lieut. Fred. William
Culling Smith, from the Coldstream Foot Guards, to be Cap-
tain, by purchase, vice Jebb, who retires.
tat Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Cornet Richard Martin
to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Hamill, promoted in the
2d West India Regiment ; Sir Gerard Aylmer, Bart. to be
Cornet, by purchase, vice Martin.
Ist Regiment of Foot—Lieut. Andrew Connell, from the 61st
Foot, to he Quartermaster, vice John Mackenzie, who retires
upon half-pay of the 7th Foot.
17th Ditto—Ensign Robert Ferguson, from the 33d Foot, to
be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Crawley, promoted.
22d Ditto—Lieut. Henry Matson, from half-pay 60th Foot,
to be Lieutenant, vice John Stevens, who exchanges, receiving
the ditTerence.

2',ld Ditto—Second Lieutenant Hugh Plunket Ilourrhier to
be Adjutant, vice Enoch, who resigns the Adjutancy only.
57th Ditto—Ensip Thomas llainbrigge to be Lieutenant,
by -purchase, vire t errier, who retires.
Olst Ditto—Lieut.. Robert Preston Campbell, from half-pay
7th Foot, to be Lieutenant, vice Connell, appointed Quarter.
master of the Ist POOL

3d Royal Veteran Battalion—Ensign William Horwood
Frealne, from hale-pay :Id Garrison Battalion, to be Ensign.
Comtnismions signed, by the Lord Lieutenant of the County of

Lincoln.

Charles De Laer Waldo Bibthorp, Esq. to be Deputy Lieu-
tenant ; Thouuts Brouton, Esq. to ditto.
Commition in the Lodilon Troop of Yeomanry Caviler. signed
by his Majesty's Lieutenant of the County of Norfolk.
John Creasy, Gent. to be Owlet, Tice Kea, resigned.
