DOUSE OF coimoNs.

mr. mr.tra; 'froth the' Treasitry, presented an Account of
*h Average Pritxof Sugars in Ireland.
AI ISOM LA NE( WS.

Alderman WOOD moved fora RetOro of all the Penalties
-under the fifth •Wirgelll. the' Amount of such Penalties, by
.whom and to what use they had been appropriated.—
Ordered,
Nit4Sist4 pretiented a Petition from the town of ilxeter,
signed by upwards of twelvo'hundred of its inhabitants, pray.
gi/r aßepeal oft llutilouse anti Whitlow Tux.--Ordered to
be printed.'
itr li.Pritp if sox pVesenteil t Petition from the Provost and
.iNiagistrates'.uf the 1304,11 of Dundee against the Tay Salmon
fialteryjitU,,-iittferreti to the Committee on the Bill.
CHOlCKK,byought up a 'lllll for regulating the service
of the ilop.llllllfrine Laml Forces', whilst on shore.—ltead
null uiikrctt for, a. second reading to-morrow, and in
the interim to be printed.
The Report of the 'Fisheries Act 'was read A first time.
`Mr. I,OGB il'A ttrettented Petjtion front an 'fndlt ideal
:of the name of ,i4dwie'Waril,who had been confined in prison
• as A VitgatuAlti, lA4ilVidwirs case, he contended,
.was a
„very hard one ;lie was by,trade if sand carrier, and had been ap,
prthernitli tinder the Aot litt of George M., which authorised a
Alagintraic to levy a fine of ten pounds upon every one found
hawking without 3 licence. There was, however, 11. Cllllll4O to
this Act, awl lit thought thiS individual came particularly under'
its proteetiolt. w(,nt to authorise any person who
unittufactured wooden wares, 4e...himself, to sell diem without
a licence. The petitionefwas, as ho had before. stated, a sand
carrier' he procured this sand from a pit in the neighbourhood,
frorri'wlience, he 44 it, and it migbt therefore be fairly
that he manufaetured it himself. Upon his exposing It for sale,
by was seized and fined ten'potitills, which be could nut pay, and
lie was accordingly' cast into prison as a vagrant.
The petithAf;was:brought up, and, laid on the table.
Mr, U. 114,14#'i N brought in a Bill to amend the Act for
the Return ant t Election' of limbers of Parliament in Ireland.
Ikad a first tittei, put a seeond reading' appointed on the
.20 April.

•
Mr. 'S. nitEirriovell that his Motion of yesterday Should be
diseharge4 add mewed in lien of it, that.a Iteturn,ol all the'
ProatimaryA'4otas,pettl.Pot-Ilin3 of 5L and under„ !skied by
the' flank or Ireftikl during the Lst *slit iliatti should be laid
before the house. The word Phstalillititits4mittuil by the
llinn..Mqober in his stotion yesterday..—Ordered.
Mr. SNifTll presented a Petition front the slagistrates
' and'ToWtT Conntil of the City. and Borough of Ayr, in Scot-
iod,,ragainst ,any alteration in the Currency ef that cOtpltrY.-
Ordere'd to tie Fluted.
Mr. HUME presented two Petitions, one from the Magis-
. tratis'indrl'ewn- Council of the Ch} of Brecon, and the other
front the Borough of Arbroath, praying the House not to inter-
fere in the present Banking System of Scotland, and also pray-
-ingthat the It nom should not be withdrawn from the eirett-
' lativn of that Kingdom. The Bon. Member heartily con-
eurredin the prayer* the Petitioners, and hoped the House
would not interfere with the system—Ordered to be printed.'
81.0AVBRY.

sic W. i NO E I 4 13 it presented petitions from II ardeastle, end
two other places, against slevery.—Ordeteti to be printed.''
Mr. S. ‘I'OIITI,EY presented a petition front the pribeipal
inhabitants of the town of Bradfonl, in Yorkshire, against Ida.
very, Tlie. Don. Member' also presented petitions from the
village-of Shipley and Dreingeein the vicinity of Bradtbrd, to
114 NOW ,fleet.—Thd petitiotta were ordered to be primed.
Petitions were presented frinn two towns in Aberdeenshire,
by Mr. 11 u air, praying for the gradual abolition of slavery in
the Colonies. The petitioners were very willing to owe tor.
ward and contribute their share of the expence tatendent upon
the, indeninitiGlaloll of the proprietors of such slaves.--.oidered
to be' printed. .
Mr. W. eiM LTD presented a petition from the Protestant
Dlisseriteri retailing in the vicinity of the Cities of London and
Weetminster, praying for a gradual abolition of slavery. The
petitionere, he said, were most anxious that as coon as possible
the slaves :might be emancipitzed and raised to the enjoyment of
those civil privilegett in common with the rest of their fellow.
creatures. 'The petition was from a most respectable class of
men, men of letters, who saw with indignation not unmixed with
pity, fellow-creatures • merely from a prejudice on account of
their colour, hept in a state of the most unexampled misery and
degradation. He (for he felt proud of the honour of being
Glassed wide men who, because they came forward to relieve the
distresses of the vor suffiling African, had been called saints,
enthusinsta, &c. earnestly hoped that the Rouge would devise
i.aritL that epee ily) sonic plan to relieve the poor !minting
slaves from their state of penance and misery.
The Petition was laid On the table and ordered to be. printed.
EDUCATION IN IRELAND.
Sir J. NEW PORT, in introducing the motion of which lie
bed given notice, after n few prefatory observations, called the
attention of the Houle to the Report of 11112, of the Commis.
flitting% of Education in Ireland, as far as it related to the
School at Middleton. The Report stated, that School to have
been endowed with 2,000 acres of land, which the trustees had
let upon leases renewable for ever at a rent of 2001. per annum.
the value of the land being now at least 2,0001. per nnnuin. The
Report further owed the manner in which the 2001. per annum
was at that time appropriated, viz. 1001. to the Master, 401. to
an Usher, and to tour exhibitions to Trinity of 40/. per annum
each, 401. lie would read part of a letter from a relative or his
which had recently called his attention to the subject of this
school. The letter stated that the writer bad recently retied
through the town of Middleton, and heti naturally gone to
visit the oehool in which he hadhimself been educated. It
expressed his great surprise in finding the fine old building,
in which he remembered eighty-four boarders to have been
accommodated, now without.roof, and in ruins. The master
had been residing for the last ten years lie Dublin, where he
received not only his own salary, but the whole fond of 1601.
per "num, and did not educate any body. The only part of
the taltool-house whiek remained tenantable was new occupied
by a scrjeant of police. This, said the lion. Member, was the
•
1 . that Ireland had. produced were educated. fie
wguolushilied mlo.
elition only the, name ot Mr. Conan. lie contended
that it was the duty of the Board t)t Education' to have
funds ,were wanting to
applied to the Lord Lieutenant, If, ,

repair the building. The Lord Lieutenant had ,by Act of
Parliament, a fund at his disposal for such purposes. Consi-
dering of whom the Boned of Education e,onsisted, the Lord
Primate, several Bishops, the Provost of Trinity. College, &c.,
it might have been expected not to neglect its duty. If the
ancient foundations were thus suffered to go to decay, whilst
at the same tune applications were continually made to that
House, to supply funds for the pinposes of education in Ire-
land, watt obvious that no satisfactory progress could ever
be made. He had visited the spot, and the situation was
in every respect most suitable for a seminary of education.
—Two out of the four presitt Trustees were the Bishop
of Cork and the Sovereign of 3litidleton. He quite agreed
with the Report of the Commissioners, that the grant of the
laptl was highly quesdonahlo It was monstrous that two
thousand acres of land, in the best part of the county of COrk,
and let snore than ten miles front the city, should he let
for two hundred pounds a year. And it was st,ll more so that
this 2001. eyear should be so misapplied. Ile hoped whenever
the House should be called upon for grants of money for the
furtherance of Education in Ireland, that some fixed, settled,:
and systematic plan would be adopted, so that they might not
continue to frustrate with one hand what they did with the.
other. He had made several ineffectual attempts to place the
grants made from time,to time, under some responsible regula-'
tion. Ile should however persevere, and should certainly take.
the sense of the House upon the next grants that were moved,
rather than stiffer them to he made in the loose and scattered
manner which had hitherto prevailed. It was desirable that
the Right lion. Gentleman should now explain upon what plan
he meant to proceed this year. Ile should conclude by moving
for "An Account of the application of all sums of money,
granted during the last session, for the furtherance of Educa-
tion in Ireland."

, Mr. OULTLBURN trusted that the Right lion. Baronet
would not think it in the slightest degree disrespectful towards
him if he failed to give a direct answer as to the plan upon which
Government intended to proceed this year. 'rho question was
still under the consideration of the Commissioners, and pending
their enquiries it was impossible for Government to determine
upon any precise line of conduct. As fur us the plan of the
Commissioners bad been communicated to the Irish Government
it had not been backward to promote them. As an instance of
the proniptitude of Government, he might mention that an ini-
methate order had been given to suspend a particular mode of
obtaining admission into the Chartered School's as soon as it was
known that that mode had fallen under the animadversions
of the Commissioners. All he could say upon the general sub-
feet of education was, that it would be ins duty to attbrd ample
time for deliberation upon any estimates or plans he might have
to present for its promotion. With reference to the other part
of the Right Bon. Baronet's Speech (lw meant that which re-
dated to the school at: Middleton), lie was quite unacquainted
with the circumstances, till, in consequence of, die communica-
.tion Feb, thellight 11 on.-,Barunet had had the Courtesy to tneke
to him yesterday, he had referred to documents already before
the House., •From these he found that the school at Middleton'
had been under the management of special Governors, and was
therefore not subject to the power of the Commissioners. The
complaint, !loft a person of the nameof Prior who had been up-
pointed in the year 1799 by the Governors—
."!4r Joust NEwrouT was understood to say that he had not
attached any blame to the Governors.
00111,11U1tN continued—This complaint would pro-
. perly tall under the cognizance of the Governors, who Were the
Earl or Shannon, the Bishop of Cork, Dr. Stoptord, and the
' Sovereign of Middleton. He found that an estimate had been
made of die expence which the repair of the building would
oe-
eaeion, which amounted to three thousand pounds.. A legal
opinion had also been taken upon the validity of the grent ; but
it NA not been of a nature to encourage the institution of. pre,
ceedings. Ile would repeat that the master was appointed .by
the Governors; that they were the visitors, and that they only
were responsible. • .
Mr. S. RICE took the same view of the subject as the Bight
lion. Member for %Waterford.
Mr. tiOULBURN ,that lie would be ready, upon due
notice, to meet any. general discussion" upon the subject.
F. LEWlS:Attended the conductor the Board of Edu-
cetion—the practical meataires they were, pursuing would not
have the effect of postponing their reports, with the exception
of one report respecting Maynooth, and that only for one year.
Their opinion of the merits orate plan they were pursuing had
undergone no change; it was true that they had met with
greater difficulties than they had anticipated, but none which
they considered insurmountable.. If in the end they should be
compelled to relinquish their plan, tliCy Would' be able to ren-
der a satisfactory account of the Manner in which they had
'Spent their time.
Mr. PLUNICErr, as a Member of the Board of Educa.
Lion, would beg leave to say a few words upon the subject of
the School at Middleton. The 'Governors and Visitors had
acted. .upon their own responsibility ; and it' they were not
within the letter, they were certainly within die spirit the
-exemPtions from the authority of the Commissidners. lie bore.
testimony to the respectability of the master, who had eon-
ducted the school for many years.' very successfully; but had,
'
he believed, been compelled to abandon it from the dilapida.'
Lionedifice. on of the

Mr, PEEE, said, that ho was prepared to go a step further
than his Right lion. Friend, who had expressed a doubt whe-
ther the-Act gave any power to the Conunitisionerit in the ,ease
of this school, but if upon further inquiry it should appear
that the'power existed, had promised that it should be exerted.
lie was of °Onion - that if the Act of 1013 did not extend far
enough that it was very desirable it should be amended. It
ntver could have been intended that Idol. per annum, of the
funds of this school, should be given to any individual per-
forniing no duties. If the schoolhouse had become unfit liar
habitation, these funds ought to have been applied to its rests.,
ration. • The lease of 2,000 acres of land at a rent of 2001. per
annum, was a circumstance which demanded inquiry.
Mr. N li:1"1`. explained.
• N NEWPORT observed upon the general disposi.
tion of trustees in Ireland to 'job away hinds—there could not
be more striking examples of the general disposition than the
instance beil,re them. The Countess of Orkney had left this:
land,' and it was boon 'afterwards jobbed away by a lease made
hq the trustees, one of whein• was • a man of great eminence,
Allan Broderick, successively a Member of Parliament, both
in Ireland and England. Ile would repeat—that if the House
wiis ties habitable, a report' to that etreet would have been made
by the Bishop of Cork, and the revenue of the master applied to
repair It, -

Mr. GOPLBURN thought It but right to state, to obviate
anymounderstunding to the prejudice of the present trustees,
that the lease was made so long back as 1710.
Sir JOHN NEW PORT had expressly stated that it had
been made by Allan Broderick, who had been a member of the
'Legislature of both. kingdoms.
The motion was then eut and carried.
CONTMIIPT OF COURT.

Mr. BUM rose to move for en account ofall personsconfined
in the Fleet and other prisons for contempt of Court. Ile
had fernicrly moved for a similar return, and also for an ac.
count of all persons for contempt who had died in prison. From
the returns laid upon the table in pursuance of that motion, it
appeared that upwards of 20 prisoners of that class had died in
prison, many of them having undergone imprisonment for
twenty years, end some even for thirty-four. These persons
had generally been in a state of great poverty, and when it
was recollected that a Bill in Chancery might be filed by any
perian, or upon any subject, without any reference to the justice
or injustice of the claims, and that an answer could not be put
in without great expense, the failure of such persons to put in
their answer could not excite much surprise. Ile would men-
don the instance of two persons, M r. and M Ts. Dawson, husband
and a ife, who had beenimprisoned for nine years for alleged
contempt of court, and both died in prison. They both us-
serted that they were utterly unacquainted with the person who'
had sent them there, or with the cause for which they were seat..
There Were other eases of persons who had been in prison some
for 11, sonic for lByenrs upon the vague charge of contempt. By
the returns laid before time House, on the 11th of July, 1020, it
appeared there were then 31 persons in prison. He begged
the attention of the flight Hon. Secretary tbr the Home De.
pertinent to the circunistances he was about to state. None of
the reforms on which he was so laudably engaged could be
more important than that which these circumstances would ap.
pear to call for. Ile would only mention a few instances. He
had sent a person to time Fleet Prison preparatory to his present
motion, but the Marshal refused, he did not know why, to
afford any information. His motions would therefore be taken
from the former returns. Time first Instance he should mention
was that of Hannah Barber, who had been committed on the
30th July, 17119, upon a writ of rebellion—for the forms of law
were ea absurd that if any body owed him 101. he must declare,
that with sticks and staves, and all manner of violence, they
took the money from him, when in point of fact he had handed
them over the money very quietly. He would read a copy of this
Bill of Rebellion. The Hon. Member here read that Bill, by
which it appeared that she had neglected to pay a sum of money
into Court. Upon that Bill, the poor woman had continued in
prison between 30 and 40 years, end had at last died there.._.
Now, indeed, a clause had been introduced into the Insolvent
Act, in virtue of which, persons committed by the Court of
Chancery, for non-payment of money, could apply for their
release. But although the Insolvent Court had the power of
relieving them, as far as the debt was concerned, they would
Still remain in prison for the amount of the costs. The CH-
mind Law of the country was much less severe than the Court
of Chancery. If a man was convicted of any offence against
the law, he had some definite period of' Imprisonment or some
regulated punishment to undergo; but if he fell under the diem.
pleasure of time Court of Chancery, his punishment watt entirely
without limit. The Honourable Member mentioned snottier
case of a female who was committed for contempt, and died in
the prison after being there Seventeen years. 'A person being

Most innocently involved in a Chancery suit might be pre-
vented from putting in his answer, and for that incur all
these penalties and expenses. There were cases in Which
the Lord Chancellor had himself paid the expenses, and
released the parties This proved the hardship of the law.
—He trusted that the Attorney!General would provide a
remedy in the 11111-, which, it was understood, be was to
bring in upon the report of the Commission just laid before the
House. He wished to see the incarceration done away with al-
together. Indeed he was one of those Who would do away en-
tirely with imprisonment for debt. It would be much more
consistent with the spirit of the times, and he was..convince4
would greatly lessen the mischievous disposition to give credit
which was so injurious to trade. The Hon. Member then
moved for a return of the names of the several persons committed
to the custody of the :11arshal of the Fleet Prison, and other
gaols in the United Kingdom, under processes issuing out of
the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer' since the 11th of July,
1020 ; stating what persons have died,been discharged. or now
remain in confinement. Also of the number of persons who
were confined in the same gaols. on the 11th of July, 1820,
stating how many have died, how many have been discharged,
and at what time.

The AWOL?, N HY-GENERAL said, that as the lion.
Member's motion was only for a continuation of former returns,
he should not object to it. He did not feel it necessaty to follow
the Hon. Gentleman into his details, he would only say, that as
the Iteport of the Commissioners for inquiring into these subjects.
would soon be before the House, a Bill would be introduced, if
necessary, to carry their recommendations into effect. There
were only one or two observations of the Hon. Member upon
which he would offer any remarks. With respect to the appli-
cation of the Insolvent Act to costs as well as debt, if the Act
did not so apply, it was competent for the House to make it
applicable. He was not prepared to say at the moment what
the exact provisions of the Act were upon this point; but sup-
posing it to be as the Hon. Member had stated, he should be
willing, for one, to make the alteration. The other recommen-
dations of the lion6Urable Member, as to the commitment,
for contenting, involved other considerations. If this power
were to be abolished, they might as well abolish the juris.
diction of the Courts of Chancery at once. Supposing a
bill to be filed for the purpose of compelling an important
discovery, and the party obstinately refused to answer, the
only means of enforcing the ends of justice was the power
which the Court possessed of imprisonment for contempt. lf,
therefore, they destroyed that power of commitment, they de-
stroyed the Courts of. Chancery altogether. No man could be
in the situation supposed by the Honourable Member, of being
committed for contempt, because he was unaware of the ne-
cessity of putting in his answer. No proceedings could be
taken, in any Court in this Country against a man until mitica
was served upon him either by subptrsa, or in some other form.
But if a man chose to refuse an answer after notice had been
given him, and went to prison, and there obstinately refused to
comply with the demands of justice, was he to come at the end
of twenty years and complain to that House of the hardship of
his case ? He did not mean to say that the poor man who was
unable to meet the expences of the Court, ought to be impri-
soned. and he found from the Act which had been put into his
hands, that what the lion. Member had stated with regard to
it was an example of his accuracy, and a proof that the House
ought never to take his statements without the means of ascer-
taining their truth. The Honourable Member had said that
the Insolvent Act only applied to persons confined in the Fleet
Prison in respect to debt, and not to costs. The Honourable
and Learned Gentleman then read the clause in the Act, which
distinctly specified its application to costs. This was a speci-
men of the danger with which the positive assertions at' the
Hon. Member must be received by the House without the
most careful investigation. When the general question came
before the House, he should be ready to meet it ; and lie
`would now cant:int himself with broadly asserting, that if they
gave up the Courtsof Equity in this country, they must aban-
on the Common Law. No man acquainted with the practice
of the Common Law could fall to know that it was impossible
to carry it into effect without the existence of the Courts of
Equity. Upon broad principles—he said nothing of details, for
he hail no doubt that correction might be applied in detail—but
upon broad principles he would
.assert, that the system of
Equity in this country was so admirably adapted to its wants,
that not the ingenuity of man, not of any body of men, could
devise an improvement. _ _

Mr. LOCkHAUT said, he did not expect that any one
would deny the justice of imprisonment where the parties re.
fused to answer when the rights and interests of others required
that they should do so. He disapproved of that provision in
the Insolvent Act, by which persons confined fur contempt
were enabled to escape when they had spent the money which
belonged, perhaps, to infants, orphans, or rent„ es covert. Ile
objected. to the general propositions of the Hon. Member for
Aberdeen, in respect to the Courts of Equity.
Mr. HUME complained in very warm terms of being "
sailed by Ignorance," when the lion. and Learned Gentleman
himself had shown himself ignorant of the law until the Act
was placed iu his bands by the Right lion. the President of the
Board of Trade. lie was not bound to know the law, hut the
Right, lion. Gentlemen were. The A ttorney.General ought to
have the law at his fingers' ends. and not be obliged to look for
it in books and Acts of. Parliament. He contended that no
one could understand the proceedings of the Court of Chancery,
for he had endeavoured to make them out in vain. Ile once
read 50 or fill folios of such proceedings, and asked somebody
what it all meant " Oh," was the answer, " turn to the last
folio, and these you'll find the meaning of it all in three lines."
-The lion. Member concluded by again warmly protesting
against the attempt to put him down by a charge of Ignprance,
when so nine!' ignorance hid been betrayed where
parties
ought not to have been ignorant.—(This Speech Occasioned loud
and frequent bursts of laughter.)
The ATTOUN HY.GbNERA L shill, " I will tell the Hon.
Gentleman the difference between his case and mine. He us.
serted that the fact was so, and I, not being in the habit of
contradicting Gentlemen when they make confident assertions,
without having materials upon which I can chew them to be
mistaken. 4 said that 1 could not speak as to the particular
words of $ complicated Act. But when that Act was put into
my hands, I was warranted in *hewing that the assertion of the
lion. Gentleman was wrong, and I then appealed to the House,
and cautioned them against believing his other statements, until-
they had the means of judging whether they were of the same
character or not."

Mr. H BiE explained, and the'motion was agreed to.
1111811 NEWSPAPERS.
Mr. HUME said that he had a motion to make upon a sub.
ject which he hail before brought under the attention of the
House. He alluded to the appropriation of 7,000/. as Procla-
mation money in Ireland. In 1821 he moved for returns,
spewing that this money was made for bribery amongst the
Government Newspapers in Ireland. By the return of May,
1821, it appeared that papers which only published CO or 70
impressions, received more of this money than others which
published ten or twelve hundred. There
.was an inaccuracy in
the last reture which compelled him to move now for another
shewing the number of stamps issued to each newspaper in
Ireland, for the last five years, and the amount paid to each
newspaper in each year of the money voted by Parliament for
Proclamation* in Ireland.
Mr. °MILBURN said that he should not object to the
motion, and that be should not make use of argunlClWluntil the
documents were before the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUME moved for a series of returns of great length re-
specting prosecutions in the Excise, Customs, Sunup, and Tax
Offices.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, be did
not object to the returns—but the Lord knew when they could
be ready. If the Hon. Umber could get them, he was very
welcome to them; but, before moving, he hoped the Hon. Gen.
datum had calculated what they would cost.--Agreed to.
PROMISSORY NOTES BILL.X.O
The CHANCELLOR of the EHEQUER moved the
NOtr)ttleser
Hoti'll.the Day for the third, reading of th© Promissory

lIAAIILTON said, that before the Bill was read a
third time he wished to explain, that the support he gave it was
rather upon theprinciple of returning to Cash Payments, than
upon the mode in which this measure was calculated.to effect
that object. - After recapitulating his objections to the details
of the Bill,. the Noble Lord said he should not hold himself
responsible tor its success.
111 r. UALCRAFT said there was nothing in the state of the
Howie or of the question which invited much observatlon. He
had given notice of an Amendment at this stage of the
,but
he should content himself with opposing the measure altogether,
and in taking the sense of the House upon it if he teem! any one
willing to support him. Ile described the measure as a Bill of
Pains and Penalties directed against the Country Bankers. It
was an ce port facto law directed against those parties, at the
suggestion oftlie Government, who had been more to blame than
any other body of men in producing the state of things which
now unhappily existed. He thought it coed not be dented that
the agitation of this measure in Parliament had produced the
most disastrous effects in contracting the currency, and throw.
ing great numbers of the poor out of employment. He could
hardly hope to stop the progress of this measure now, but he
wasconvinced that no decision of the House could confer more
R
benefit upon the community than one which would reject the
Bill at this stage.
Sir It. HE ON agreed with the Hon. Member for Ware,
ham, that the Country Bankers had been unjustly held up to
odium and contempt. He thought the best measure for the re.
lief of the country would be an effectual reform in its institu-
tions.
Alderman SMITH said a few words, but could not be dis-
tinctly heard.
Mr. J. MARTIN said that he could not agree in. the prinei.,
ple of the J3ill. Ilea return of the number of 'e held in his hand

banking houses against which commissions of bankruPtcy had I
been issued within a certain number of years, amongst which
he perceived a respectable house in Tewkesbury, which had not
been gazetted, altbough-it made a temporary suspension
.of its,
payments HeAlsought in common ,fairness that.,the Hon.
Member (Mr. Willie, we believe) who, had moved for theie re-
turns should else move for a return of th'enumber of these bank-
ruptcietwhich had been superseded during the same period.
111 r. ROBERTSON estuntited the amount of gold in France
and the Netherlands, to be abouvone hundred millions, vhich
taken together f ith the gold circing inlike er condnen-
talscOu ogg ntries, hkie lliki sch to about tlit4hura ions i ihip
st
posing the fifty-two luillions of goltt tlYbkitbstliA froko the.
Continent, he contended that the value'of the metallic currency
would be increased more than, in the, proportion of Sit t 0,200 :
it would be increased nearly one ball, an obvious case of hard-
ship on those who were bound to pay taxes 'in money thus
raised at least a third in value above the rate at which they had
been voted. The difficulty was heightened by this circum-
stance, that while the value of the circulating medium in-
creased, that of commodities would be proportionately dimi-
nished. To instance in the case of
.corn ; wheat, which now
sold at Ms. would fitll so low as 305., and other articles would
be liable to a similar depression, till a total change would take
place in the affitirs of, the community. Without an artificial
capital he thought that the burthen of the public debt could
never be sustained. _ _

Mr. C. WILSON said that in Lancashire the most extensive
frauds were carried on, not by means of bank notes, but by bills
of exchange. In Cumberland and Westmoreland, where the
bankers had made their notes payable at home only, they had
maintained their credit unimpaired in the general convulsion,
which circumstance supported the opinion he had expressed
upon the former occasion, that those banks whose notes were
made payable in London u ere not always supported by a larger
capital than were those whose notes were payable only at the
place where they were issued. He also expressed a hope that
measures would be taken to render the forgery of bank notes
more difficult than it was at present.
Sir F. BLAKE said he voted for the Bill, because it pro-
fessed to return to cash payments; but as the principle of the
Bill had been subverted, by allowing the Rank of England to
issue their notes until the 10th of October next, he could see no
reason why the same indulgence should not be extended to .the
country bankers. He understood that it was the intention of
the Right Honourable Gentleman (the Chancellor of the Ex.
chequer) to extend the provisions of the Bill to Scotland, but
he was sure the feeling of that part of the kingdom was opposed
to its introduction, although doubtless they must submit if such
a pt.:weeding obtained the sanction of the Legislature.
The House then divided—
. • For the Third Reading - - 108

- -
Against it . 9
Majority in favour of the Bill • —99
On our return to the Gallery,
Mr. ABERCROMBIE was addressing .the House upon a
clause by way of rider to the Bill. His objections were directed
against the provision which empowered the Bank to issue small
notes till,the • 10th of October. It would be more manly, he
said, to permit them to issue for the whole three years, since
there was, practically, no restraint upon such issues. It was
singular enough, too, that the apprehensions which caused the
amendment were proved to have been unfounded by accounts
which were since received. He supported the Bill, when it was
first proposed; but he slid so now with reluctance, because of
the amendment, which he considered as fallacious in.its terms.
—lf any real fears existed, is clause should have been intro-
duced, restraining Bank issues after the lOth of October; but
as the clause stood, permitting their issues till the 10th, it was
a mere deception, meaning that Country Bankers should not
issue, but that the Bank of England might. He would move
that the words " 11th of February," should be substituted for
the words " 10th of October," in the Act.
The following Clause, by way of rider, was then read a first,
second, and third time, and carried—" That any draft or bill
drawn by any person on any Banker or other person, for the
payment of money held by such Banker or other person, foi
the drawer should not come within the restrictions of the Act."

Mr. HUME moved, that a clause should be introduced to
compel the Bank of England and all Country Bankers to make
Monthly returns of the amount of their issues, distinguishing
, the number of U. and IV. notes.

Mr. HOBHOUSE seconded the motion, as essential to the
information which the House ought to possess, since the propo-
-1
sitions for deposits on the part of the bankers, And for snmmary
process in recovering the amount of notes, had been rejected.
1 It was objected, that they were legislating for the country
bankers. To this he answered, that they were legislating fur
the country at large ; and for himself he could declare, that be
entered into the consideration of the question without any invi-
dious feeling. On what principle could country bankers refuse
to chew the extent of their dealings in the currency of the
country, when there was no exposure of names or of amounts ?
If Alinisters did not now adopt some good system with regard
to banks, they might be certain of having the question shortly
before them again. He was afraid. that the Chancellor of the
Exchetmer would oppose the clause, though lie could not con.
cave why. Ills Bill was originally brought in upon a good
principle, and would have been most useful, had he cerried it
through with that firmness which had distinguished the 'nea-
r sure proposed by the Right lion. President of the Board of.
Trade, whose. convincing and powerful speech embraeed the
question upon grand and general principles without regardrto
itisnuceililloromOmf tighehtEhjtaVelectcri.
thus firmly fiPerntitlyy metint thti4e opipioldititohnetoellit
maoinidr.e,,d4tlf4teruitt
julleisc
weanscestowt;ythteh'altlntnlikeers.
question-had not beepreL
ferretl to a Committee, which would have Prevented the crude
and mistaken notions day after day arising in theafaitie upon
the subject. The effect of Bankers making deposite inlhe
amount of their issues would be to stamp such a value upoptbeir
paper as would drive all gold out of circulation, As to the •
,proposition which required them to furnish monthly or, annual 1
Accounts of their issues, he was opposed to it, because a prejn:
dice had been excited against the bankers, of which he, forone,'
could not sufficiently complain ; that prejudice was already so
disastrous, that it had caused the ruin of many honourable and
honest men. ,While the Bankers werein such atttate,why should
the House require such a disclosure of their. private con erns?
The CH A NCELLOR of the HUH EQ UE It could /inure
the lion. 3lember for London, that he had no conummicatiOn
on the subject of his Bill froM the country bankeri, nor had any
observations upon it reached him but those which he bad heard
in the Hose. His objection to the proposed clause rested upon
general principles. If a banking company had been esta.
blished with any peculiar advantages, such as that company,
for which another Bill was to be read a second time that night,
or if these were a chartered company—in such a case, where
privileges were enjoyed, be thought that some accounts ought to
be rendered. But, In the present case, he did not favour the
notion of putting the Treasury in possession of the private
transactions of a Bank, as such a proceeding might be
Government ex-
tremely prejudicial. It was said indeed that Government might
esefoaredtilleunreit.ioßn But to
opublishimight
ng or
suppressing
client to publish ; anti at all events the House had the power
of compelling publication whenever they pleased. Another
think theprop proper accounts
to
with-
hold statements, which the House would think it quite expo.
objection to the clause was, that it was inoperative, as imposing
no penalty for a violation of the Enactment. It required that
Bankers should furnish accounts of their issues ; but it assigned
no punishment for snaking either no return or an inaccurate one.
Now an inaccurate return might be of the utmost importance to
a Bank ; and in such a case the proposed cause was totally
nugatory, without a penal clause to support it. Its consequences
might be very
mischievous. as inaccurate information might with
impunity be presented to Government, which would lead both
them find the public astray.
Mr. H. GURNEY thought it would be inconvenient to en.
cumber the Bill with clauses.

Mr. PEA USE said, that attempts had been made to render
aie Bank of England note less liable to imitation.

Alderman HEYGATE considered the issue of money as ne-
cessarily subject to rules of public benefit. At the present time
they were arguing in the dark as to the amount of issues. The
Bank of England might be regarded ass private establishment,
and yet it furnished accounts of the quantity of paper which it
circulated. Upon what principle, then, could country banks
refuse to do. the same ? ' He was !satisfied the time, however,
was not far distant when the House would be obliged to legis-
late afresh on this subject, and it would be a great improve..
ment if Government were to throw into the currency notes
which should in fact be as well secured as our Exchequer Bills.
He sincerely hoped, however, that the House would not be
disappointed in the results of the measure of remedy now pro.
Posed by the Bill under discussion.
Mr. EI4I4ICE ,was glad to find that since Christmas last not
less than 3,000,000/. sterling in sovereigns had entered into the
circulation of the country, Which shewed it was not so difficult
to replenish the supply of sovereigns as had been imagined.
Mr. Secretary. PEEL wished the House to recollect, that in
the issue of 11. notes by the Bank, the Government was a sharer
in the responsibility of that issue. Not that he intended to admit
that it would have been necessary, under circumstances so im-
perative, that his Majesty's Ministers were bound to obtain the
acquiescence of the Bank before it had resolved to adopt so
important and and_ desirable a measure, under the p.ressin.g2434exigen-
cies of the period.
• Mr. MONCK contended, that though, as the Chancellor of
the Exchequer had observed, there was no penalty prescribed
by the Bill, that it was clear it must come under the general
description of offences of this nature, and be considered in the
eye of the law as a misdemeanour.
The House then divided amidst loud cries of question.
Ayes . . . -
. 1
MSPrlty against Ow clause . —ll9
On our re. mission, Mr. HUME was on his legs addressing

the House, and attempting to persuade the House to assent to a
Resolution that the country had in tact suspended its payments,
and that the holders of I/. and 21.- notes were no longer em-
powered by law to demand the payment of such notes on de-
mand. He concluded- by moving that a clause should be in-
serted m the present Bill to compel the payment of Country
Bank notes by Country Bankers, in same way as had been en-
acted by the nth (leo. 111., with this difference, that the said
Act had made such payMent•cotptialsatory in three days, and
that in the present Bill the paynTent should** compdOble at
the expiration of to days after deniand.
Mr. JOHN SMI 11, though he give eretils:letgood inten-
tions to hN.Borti Friend;sthought the clause he lied attetetedl
16 introduce would have the effect of creating generarconfusiori
in public credit; and- revive at once that panic which was, he
believed, happily fast SubdOing. The consequence of such a
'chase would be the empowering every person holding ten one-
pound country bank notes, to demand payment in the legal eur-
rency, and an refusal the holder would be entitled to put thew
into the hands of a Notary, and compel the country banker to
pay in the fee of noting every separate note, and the value of
the note itself which would in general enfoece payment to double
the amount of the issues of such banker.
After a few words from-Mr. Hunsow Or UNEY, the bring•
ing up of the clause was negatived Without a division.
Mr. A BEIWROM 111 E. moved that the words " the 10th of
October" should be substituted by the words " bth day or
February," which was negatived without any discussion.
The Bill then passed without a division, and was ordered to
be sent to the Lords.

COMMITTF;E OF SUPPLY.
rter the
Mr. 13ROGDEN appeared at the Bar with the Repo
Committee of Supply. A fu.ir a few words from the CHla"
CELLOR of the Excirequen and Mr. Lionuousic on the
point of form, the report was brought up.
Mr. HOBHOLISE rose to express his intention to oppose the
'grant of so large a military establishment as that which his
Majesty's Ministers had hitherto proposed should be borne by
the exhausted resources' of this country. The Noble Secretary
of War had as yet given no reason, in his speech or reply. why,
in the eleventh year of peace,.so large a militery establishment
should be maintained, at so enormous an expence. Ile should
;hare told the House what funds he expected to draw upon--
what prospects he had of future prosperity—to entitle the Ser-
vant:sof the Crown to- induce the House to open its purse thus
inipievidently, and Consent to that excessive augmentation on a
peace establishment, unprecedented in the annals of this eon.
try during a period of public tranquillity. The amount ef gm'sr
taxation in the present year was equal to 52 millions of money
for Groat Britain. The amountof taxation in 1017 was nearly
one million less ; and yet in the yeer 1022 the House, actuated
by the Agricultural inteteit, and encouraged by the influence of
Government itself, passed .a resolution that every possible say-
ing should and ought to,be etlecttal in the civil departments of
Government, midi-nom particularly
' lure and numerical strength of th.... military force of this country.
In that year too the Government had felt it its duty to reduce,
our military establishment 12,000 men. Notwithstanding all
this, soon after, the Noble Lord proposed an augmentation of
nearly 13,000 men, including the Veteran Battalions. Now he
wished to know Why So large a force was wanted in Canada, in
the Colonial possessions, in the lonian Islands, and the West
in the amount of expendi-
Indies ? And more particularly, why so large a force in the
Household Troops and the Foot Guards, unless it were to keep
up an imposing force of unconstitutional and improper purpOset..,
it became the House now to Interfere and say at once, 1317.a3
the duty of Government to restrict the mil'tary force within the
bounds prescribed by a vote of that House, in the year 1112 0
1022, he did not know which. Yet with all this impro-
vidence, . there were no. less titan in three successive weeks,
sixty-one--ninety-one—and eighty-four bankntptcies publl.lY
atwonhnlioctliiii2i.i,2le:
.had augmented
.:11,01Vrouaesne
ttech,:iossiodiudpneennrzyi
co /I for the Noble Lo rd to come.
' downind propose the maintenance of so large a military forFei_
mode of computing it) 13,800 Metedin:a.tritlYihethiowdales tahnel°stitanttelf. itihniillk:
they had been even when such a redaction had been c 024
were more pressing and alarming at the resent
dered necessary. As it was on record that in the year 113414,L.,",
military force of this !Country wus, exclusive of troops serfite's
the Report of the Committee—"
in the East Indies, 09,088 men, and that our present force wen,
to be taken at 84420 men, making an increase of 17,1r2.°1_n of
he felt justified in moving an Amendment to the recep_trour.,
to reduce thesanie,to
as no change had taken place in our foreign relations or intersf
_.
nal condition to require such an extension of our military ~,,,,frf.
as that now proposed by the Noble Lord, that it was cxneat'"'
Lord PALMERSTON- observed that ,I b lie cou
reed, tougems,
he perfectly agreed i n the
tbe:gmetolue
rnuti opfr:
n7c,oilesntile)nati t t h
01:121.: :our
acquiesce in the 'application of the lion. Member's atindite,st
period it was expedient to reduce the military forceccuty
country . to that ininimum,'whiclr might be strictly n
that
for the public service. Ile would confidently assert' t;,, the
(it.
that.
ii
aeistn
thei In
r 'tar as
el:ceflohhmTA That it appears to thisll e
had never attempted to persuade the House to acquiesce .
__,
vote of 11122, oo the ground 'of internal danger either at
tinereo
force,. andlt hturitt fact failed from the exigencies
jest to navel influences and
.foree now in' Canada and the West Indies, ifTlici.."lesori
Bitte_dsottwttrherieseoeixbmieiwceprivrorniiinefngotulnni,adodtroebb. eeenintsriunie de:ties;
food
not materially to exeeed that of 1792, although d w--4 so,
. three reginients 'of the line, of which nine regiments vifeZbich
home; there were but twenty-two thousand infantrytor ,0",, A„
only eleiM ' 'thousand were efilctire in consequence of ",;i;
depots fotrilert*ing in this, :country to supply 01100
foreign stations, of which . there were tats 011d.,,if ' Novo
• abroad, besides twenty Regiments in the bur"' pt
supposing that each regiment remained abroad ten yeers,_lo
regiments must Ise annually sent. abroad and as the reitunla
, out would not remove thence till replaced by the others oninotie;
excitement. Trieuritr wseireaneighstio;
' way tint, must be alWays 14,000 men engaged: in front%
changing to keep up the force in the Colonies. Petalcuirt sod'
available at home for general
this 4,500 men in the different regimen" of the Glia V°
Household troops, there would be but four or five regl„.,„d
grounds for his opposition to the motion would sato!. 0,
the House to convinze every Member who heard that ter
scwhpe°lao:siiirir:ngellnleetotd'iYilive)i'wrseatt:rttiht:ttteilenelh:lesaigneistnttellillitpileluygtotemert'inerisiparateii:estiesrdcirst"tieraiasgildtsnvdrialittsicaperin'llt:yi,,lteirpolsiellitcag::4:fnilicitsleteslo:aelftiointlaa.Pipfeentpirruiec;chit
year,nlen introduce" purposes. He hoped tbor uifj2
stlnieuicithidie,eceitaivteedi,minwdie)eeds,hiofuaindyvoonteemtivltiloilstooockca,tlst
aitanidineirniegstohfes.eilsa
jpv.oai:u7teiyinelear,ba:rn,aotailisudhtn,t,bculnetlaerdthcehaorgaleiserywoou)ld oll„ tl"
with his
elpo\diutr:ecwyi
etoi
riti
himselfthe laine:lioirl its conatituente.—Wouil ca-
e Report
it -
The House divided, and the numbers were as.followl •
10;
- -
. . 34...,
----'-rata
MERCHANT
1 Iliepial
ANDln)dl eFttlemCletTi le
Resolutions
-uietoi occasion
cti°aPnl:ll:atri l'11130111;711'
Th
hber..isz:oo.iuni a
nil:toll:I
plalrSnte:.
enableOgoo(N I
psarrttolie:
ellex:eiailntailiivniligyek.,
btotel
applytto-morrowdaetpositthede
lawiotolifoil_,..Autichepiascilos!
andA 1 Fr .ft ic
It
ol -ri
Contingenciea to-morrow.the 1
of I‘llirr...lvl.Eslit,lyti: gtoave notice that he should moo t"..001,
CIO
"4 n rt.adtngot the Usury Bill was postponed,
MUTINY 811 r , -►
Atilt
Lord P.1.1.3iE1a i ''' • • Moony
Brox nought in the Military
~,,,,,e0w.1..„
which was read the first time. Second reading to-. 74,-- .gm
The other Orders of the Day were disposed of, tend
adjourned at TWELVE O'CLOEK; P
•
7ltfhaiirlYst.debatewas likely
14
e

LIST OF T--..
HE MINORITY coontrY
Of 2.1, on I.llr. Flume's Motion for Compelling the,oo is
ALI
Bankers to make a Return of the Amount of thdr ''''
Circulation. R 1111,0‘
Abercromh).r,lln.J. Heron, Sir it. TierneY,--t•
Duneannon, Visct. Kniht It. Webb, Fd. on
Jas. Wood, I.
Evans, , WI Nacdonald,
li . n.
Wilson, SiTJ',
"'Pt Visa. Johnson, Col. . Warre, .1. it•
Ellice, El illonck, J. 13.
Guist, Sir W. ' Newman, R. W. Wyvlll, IV' d 11'.
xvo,s.
Gralvin, Sir S. Ora, W.
d
Grenfell, Paseoe Pares, Thos. ihtme, T. y, c.
lienate, 4V. Russell, lAI G. W. goblions.et

LIST OF TII.F. ;WNORXTY „10.0bc,
Of 9, who voted against .the passinkr of the 1,391tg,-17‘'
Circulation of Small, lSoteti. ,dernion
Reach, J. Heyrtate, II . ' IVOO 4,4% Ai 0.
Calvert, N. Lockhart, J. S. st.l.Va
CAlcra s
HerHeron,-Sit' R. Palmer, C. F. ft i'''
litkme,Joseplt Robertson, A. .Martin,"'

. ... . _. , - f.-
onsequence of the extension e soul"
in c
wing of the new Palace building for his 3fairso.l frool
i 1 g A
e" Park' the ental4P of the common, newer .01111torn,s
Pimlico into '
St. James's Park. has been obliged to befoul or"
andf r
• o which purpose the common sewer in r inlii,,' jo bee:
posite the White Horseublic house into the Par"' the Fs"'
obliged lattly to be opened, so that the entrance into _4,
by Pinhcb-g t is
a e now nearly impassable, 0 °
II as 4
qg a!it horses, but for foot passengers. of th
.n sain,
