LORD CHANCELLOR OF IRELAND.

With respect to the opinion of the Committee, that
S,OOO/. will be an adequate remuneration for the office of
Lord Chancellor of Ireland, such a reduction has, in
point of fact, been carried into effect by anticipation by
his Majesty's Government, and the proper steps will be
taken to confirm and perpetuate the reduction by legisla-
tive authority.
Communicate this minute to those departments to
which the several recommendations refer; and let all the
other necessary steps be taken, whether by the introduction
of Bills or clauses, by the preparation of warrants and
patents, or by the correction of the resolution, prepared
for the consideration of the Committee of Supply, in order
to give the public the benefit of these reductions from the
sth of April last past.
My Lords, having thus taken the earliest opportunity to
carry into full effect the recommendations of the Select
Committee, will apply themselves to the consideration of
the question of salaries and allowances of those offices
which are not included in the report now before them.
They will proceed to examine the returns already received
from the several departments, of the amount of salary,
fees, and other emoluments received by the several classes
of persons employed, as compared with the attendance
given, the extent and nature of the duties performed,
the degree of ability required, and the confidence reposed
in each class.

In pursuing this inquiry, it will be the desire of my
Lords to keep always in view the justice and the policy of
paying all public servants adequately with reference to the
ability, experience, responsibility, and labour, requisite
f•r the efficient discharge of their respective duties. Any
sacrifice of these great principles, my Lords conceive
would he an impolitic, unjust, and delusive economy,
wholly irreconcileable with the real interests of the public.
But not only is it consistent with these principles to
abolish all unnecessary expence, and to retrench all ex.
pence that is excessive, but it is by such means mainly that
the proper remuneration of public men CAII be protected
from obloquy and suspicion.
_ .

My Lords reserve to themselves the consideration of the
superannuation and retired allowances of official persons.
The subject has been, and still under their careful re-
view, but they are not prepared to express any opinion on
the subject, without a more full and deliberate examination.

BRITISH and FOREIGN SCHOOL SOCIETY

The annual examination of theal children in the Boys'
instant,vuable Institution, took
m la, at the Boroughicehrao Road,iursmaa,
nld,
th'eviltllthtilis
School, connecetl
place on Tuesday,
n
t‘hseint
tielynJcrete)
,Isl
ini:lctvthaa
it ti
ofe
respectable.
gentlemen
‘ Briscoe,ferEa
.8
aqn.
wtisreitetexn exhibition of some
the examination commenced with
whom did address'd
from
presided.
8 i btnl
beautiful specimens of penmanship, written w i from dictation.
The junior classes were then examined
reading; and the children, and
to be moral than six or seven years of age, questionednotappear
ether very acutely en the meaning of words and plaraeseacel.'
A series of arithmetical questions were then
the Chairman, which were solved with astonishingrpoo
followedtsd b
celerity
and great correctness, and a very rigid examination
with regard to the attainments of the children ins to theirGrrnof
Grammar
a
and Geography. The higher classes then read portions
Scripture, and were questioned very
knowledge of the facts and doctrines of Scripture, whiei,
was evidently very extensive. The class of Egyptian o
Arab boys having also read and been questioned, the Rev.
John Burnett, of Camberwell, the Rev. Rowland Hill,.
Win. Evans, Esq., M.P., and the Chairman, successively
addressed the meeting, after which it brjke up.
It seemed to be the universal opinion that the school
was never at any former period in so high a state of im-
provement, and the display of talent and information t
ewhich
the children made called forth repeatedly the ghesnco-
miums both from the Chairman and the audjeace.
____.-----. -

ider the

The Duke of CUMBERLAND` sat Ufl
gallery of the House of Commons last night during the
whole of its sitting.

The vital question, the Parliamentary Reform Bill, was
again brought before a crowded house last night ; the dis.
cessions, long as they are, will continue to be read with
unabated interest. The explanations, or new propositions
which. took place, were to the following effect ;—Five bo-
roughs are to be taken out of schedule A. and added to
schedule B.—viz. Aldboentigh, Buckingham, Okeilarap.
ton, 111,Amesbury, and Reigate. Eight are to be taken
out of schedule Chippenham, Leominster,
Northallerton, Tamworth, Truro, Morpeth, Westbury,
and Wycombe. These boroughs -have established their
right to exemption, (as will be seen.by the corrected return
presented to Parliament) under the rule laid down on the
introduction of the Bill, by having proved that they re-
spectively contained within- the parish of their name,
more than 2,000 and 4,000 inhabitants in 1821. Eight
Members are to he added to the following counties, having
a population from 100,000 to 150,000 inhabitants :
Bucks, Bet ks, Cambridge, Dorset, Hereford, Hertford, Ox-
ford, Glamorgan. Seven Members are to be added to the fol-
lowing large towns :—Oldham, Bury, Rochdale, Whitby,
Wakefield, Salford, Stoke on Trent (Potteries). Halifax
is to b, restricted to the township, and to return only one
Member, the p trish being t 5 miles in extent. The bo.
roughs now admitted from schedules A. and B. (five of
one, and eight of the other), were originally included in,
these schedules frosa, the confess.. wording of the,,Par,li

mentary census of 1821, which did not, in their cases,
accurately distinguish and point out where parts of their
pari4hes were in hundreds and counties. Thry will, of
course, he subject to the same purification as the others.
The numbers being thus unavoidably increases', advantage
was taken of this circumstance to give representatives to
the only remaining towns in England containing a popu-
lation of more than 10,000, and one more to each of the
larger counties, thus keeping up the same balance between
the new representative privileges given to the manufactUring
and agricultural interests. Should the House determine to
increase the number of Members to 655, Ministers will not
consent that they should be given to schedule 8., but will give
them to more unrepresented towns of a population between
4,000 and 10,000, of which thereare upwards of 60 well de-
serving the privilege. In no point, therefore, will there
be any departure from a strict adherence to the original
principle of disfranchisement of boroughs and enfranchise-
ment of large towns. The list will show how impartially
Ministers have acted ; ten out of eleven of the boroughs
exempted from schedule A. and B. being connected with
their opponents. Sons of freemen, who will have been
entitled to the privilege of freedom on their coming of age,
born before the introduction of the Bill, and apprentices,
having entered into indentures, in the same manner, will
be entitled to it if they take out their freedom, are resi-
dent, and registered under the provisions of the Bill.
Even when the grand principle of the Bill is carried,
the minor and interior details are of vast importance;
for as every clause is an enactment applicable to some
place—to some county, city, or borough, and affecting
the great interests of the State in their relation to each
other—every clause deserves attention. It was not to
be expected that the Bill, on its first presentment to the
House, should be perfect : the changes which were brought
forward last night are calculated to remove anomalies, to
supply deficiencies, to adapt the parts to each other, and
to give consistency to the whole. After Lord John Russell
had explained at length the projected alterations in the
Bill, General Gascoyne moved a resolution, that the
number of English and Welsh Members should not be
diminished. The effect of this resolution would be either
to strike off the ten additional Members proposed for Ire-
land and Scotland, or to increase the total number of the
House of Commons by ten Members. Lord Althorp ap-.
pears by his speech to hive considered this alteration as
vitally affecting the principle of the Bill; and we infer,
from the entire tenour of his speech, that Ministers will
regard a defeat on thie particular question as equivalent to
a defeat of the whole measure.—Times.

SECOND EDITION.

N .11... r„

THE LONDON GAZETTE

OF THIS EVENING.

Lord Chamberlain's-Office, April 15, 1831.
The Lord Chamberlain has appointed William Attrec, Esq.,
surgeon extraordinary to his Majesty's establishment at Brighton.

'War—Office, April 19, 1831.
4th Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Major H. Pratt, from the
half-pay, to be Major, vice T. Hutton, who exchanges, receiving
the difference, April 19.
13th Regiment of Light Dragoon—Lieut. J. Boalth, from half_
pay- 22d Light Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, vice H. Elton, who
exchanges, April 19.
fah Regiment of Foot—Lieut. G. Champain to be Captain, by
purchase, vice Bent, who retires ; Ensign B. W. Shawe to be
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Champain ; S. G. Beamish, Gent.
to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Shawe, April 19.
9th Foot—Ensign S. H. Metcalfe to be Lieutenant, by pur-
chase vice Hilton, who retires, April 19.
M. Glasse, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Metcalfe,
April 19.
37th Foot—Gentleman Cadet J. R. S. Wilson, from the Royal
Military College, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Ward, who re.
tire, April 19.
70th Foot—. Lieut. G. B. Mathew to be Captain, by purchase,
vice Kirk, who retires ; Lieut. F. B. Rocke, from half-pay 21th
Light Dragoons, to be Lieutenant, vice Boalth, whose appoint-
ment has not taken place, April 18; Ensign J. G. Corry to be
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Mathew, April 19; W. M. Bigge,
Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice orry, April 19.

Royal Staff Corps.
To be Majors without purdhase.
Captain T. G. Harriott ; Captain It. l'iers, April 19,
To be Captains, without purchase.
Lieut. W. Dillon ; Lieut. E. 'Martindale ; Lieut. T. W. Cot
leton ; Lieut. E. C. Wilford, April 19.

MEMORANDUM.
The names of the Ensign apppointed to the 43d Foot, on the
sth instant. are Hon. Harry Cavendish Grey.
The name of the Ensign appointed to the 55th Foot, on sth
instant, is Thomas De Havilland, and not Thomas De Havd.and,
The Christian names of Cornet Parry, of the 17th Light Dra-
goons, are Frederick John, and not Frederick James, as before
stated.

War-Office, April 19.
His Majesty has been pleased to approve of the sth Regiment
of Foot resuming the motto, 44 Quo fata vocant," formerly
borne on its colours and appointments, in addition to its ancient
badge of St. George and the Dragon.

DECLARATION OF INSOLVENCY.
JOHN PAXTON, jun., Ironmonger- Cheapside, linen draper.

BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
THOMAS HEEL, Gateshead Low Fell, Durham, draper.
BANKRUPTS.

RICHARD SMITH, William-street, New Kent-road, licensed
victualler, to surrender April 22, at two, May 3, and 31, at eleven,
at the Couet of Commissioners. Harlstone. Lyon's-Inn.
CHRISTOPHER MONK and THOMAS MONK, Frome-
Sehvood, Somersetshire, linen-draders, May 12, at five, 13, at ten,
and 31, at eleven, at the White Hart Inn, Bath. Perkins and
Frampton, Gray's-In-square, London ; Miller, Frome.
WILLIAM WRANGHAM, Louth, LinOolnshire, silver-
smith, April 27, at seven, 28, and May 31, at the Blue Stone
"raven), Louth. Dax and Alger, Bedford-row, London ; Wilson
and Goe, Louth.
JOHN CRITCHLEY, Ryeford, Gloucestershire, coal-mer-
chant, May 3, at twelve, 4, and 21, at ten, at the George Inn,
Gloucester. Colman, Stroud; White, Old.square, Lincoln's-
Inn, London.
JOHN CRONIN, Old Bailey, stone-merchant, April 26, 29,
and May 31, at two, at the Court of Commissioners. Martin,
Red Lion-square.
THOMAS HENRY CHALK, Barking, Essex, corn-dealer,
April 22, at two, 29, and May 31, at one, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Thomson, George-street, Minories.
JOHN CO UTTS, jun., Notting-hill, Kensington, April 22, at
one, 29, and May 31, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners.
Johnson, Quality-court, Chancery-lane.
JAMES ARMSTRONG, Raskelf, Yorkshire, miller, April
22, at eleven, at the White Swan Inn, York. BUttertield,
Gray's Inn-square, London.
JAMES LEA, jun. Worcester, butcher, May 2,3, and 31, at
twelve, at the Hop-pole Inn, Worcester. Becke, Devonshire-
street, Queen-square. London ; Hughes, Worcester.
EDWARD HENRY FRANCIS, Ormend-house, Chelsea,
schoolmaster, April 22, at two, 211, and May 31, at One, at the
Court of Commissioners. Wrentmore, Charles-street, St. James's-
square.
M A RI and HENRY CLAYTON, East Retford, Nottingham,
drapers, May 10, 11, and 31, at eleven, at the George Inn,
luddersfield, Yorkshire. Jacques and Battye, Coleman street,
London, or Battve and Hesp, Huddersfield.
JAMES A LLWRIG HT, Strand, cheesemonger, April 36, 29,
and May 31, at one, at the Court of Commissioners. Binns,
Essex-street, Strand.
JAMES MILLS, Lamb and Flag, Clerkenwell-green, wine-
merchant, April 26, May 3, at twelve, and 31, at eleven. at the
Court of Commissioners. Price and Wakeling, St. John's-
square, Clerkenwell.
GEORG}, SMITH and ROBERT FOULTON, Gutter-lane,
London, ~varehousemen, April 21), at nine, May 10, at twelve,
and 31, at nine, at the Court of Commissioners. Gregor)",
King's Arms-yard' Coleman-street.
JEFFREY WOOLSTON, Kingston-upon-Hull, toyman,
April 26, 27, and May 31, at eleven, at I)ee's Royal Hotel. Bir-
mingham. Milne and Parry, Temple, London ; Beswick, Bir-
mingham.
WILLIAM NOVELL, Clapham-road, Surrey,
carpenter,
April 26, at one; May 3, and 31, at twelve, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Bousfield, Chatham-place, Blackfiriars.
2.2
JOSEPH DAVIS, Hart-street, Covent-garden, orange-mer-
chant, April
, 29, and May 31, at eleven, at the Court of Com-
missioners. Matland, Fleet-stteot.
THOMAS PLATT, Brentlord, coal-merchant, April ~b, rit

In consequence of a ballot on. the Coleraine election.
the gallery was not opened this afternoon until a few .mi
nutes before Four o'clock. We understand, hewever, that
no ballot took place.
The rush of strangers to obtain admission was as great,
if not greater thin on any former occasion, and the gal
fiery, in a f•W moments, was crowded to excess. The
backs 'of 'all the seats in the body of the House were la-
belled with the names of Members.
Lord ALTHORP presented a petition from 'the county
of Northampton, in favour of the plan of Reform.
Mr. CARTWRIGHT said that the petition did net
contain the sentiments of the majority of the freeholders 0.
Northamptonshire. ,
After a few observations. from Mr. V. Ssirrn and-Sir
G. lioniNsost, the petition was brought up and ordered to
be printed.
Lord ALTHORP then presented a petition from the
county of Perth, in favour of Reform ; and a Similar on
`teem t2r:;,er:ste4 in tbe-- D.
Mr. DUNUOMBE-Presenteda petitien from the Corpo-
ration of Leeds, against the proposed plan of Ileform ;
and similar ones from Doncaster, Bradford, and Barnsley.
Lord MORPETH was requested to state that the peti-:
tions from Doncaster and Barnsley did not speak the senti-
nients of the majority of the inhabitanti of these towns ;
neither were they agreed to at a public meeting.
Mr. DUNCOMBE said the petitions were most re-
spectably signed ; and the reason of a public-meeting not
having been called was in consequence of the opponents of
the measure being convinced that they should be defeated
not by argument but by clamour. ,
Mr. SYKES said the petitions did not contain the
names of one-twentieth of the inhabitants of the towns
from which they came.
Mr. LYTTI.ETON presented a petition from
the county of Stafford in favour of the Reform Bill.
The petition was agreed to at the most numerous meeting
of freeholders ever assembled in that county, and the feel-
ing in favour of the Bill was unanimous. The petition
was signed by eleven_ Peers, and nearly 4,000 freeholders.
After a few words from Mr. Cresset Pelham, Sir Chas.
Morgan, and Mr. Campbell, the petition was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition from the Chief
Constables and Clergymen of a district in the county of
Stafford, against the new beer shops. Also a petition
from another district in the same county, for the extinc-
tion of negro slavery.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL moved that the Order of the
Day for the adjourned debate on Parliainentary Reform be
read.

Mr. L. BULWER said, if he understood the ar-
gument of the Hon. Member for Newark, it amounted
to a denial of the necessity of Reform in Coto. •
If this were the case he decidedly differed from that Hon. ,
Member. He considered the question of Reform to have
been decided ages ago, by the march of civilization and the
consequent progress of human affairs. When his Ma-
j; sty's Ministers came into office, they had to bring
forward a measure which would pacify the angry feel-
ings of a discontented people. He wished, however,
that some moderate scheme bad been introduced,
hut that, he was afraid, would not answer the immediate
purpose, while it satisfied the House, of pacifying the
country. Ile called upon that House to remember that
they lived in times when the middle classes were increased.
Times in which, if the great spirit of faction availed
nothing, the power of public opinion was invincible, and
in which, when the prerogative of sovereignty was
put against the people, not even the sword of
military authority thrown into the scale had been
found sufficient to turn the balance;•—(Hear.) It was for
. fsess. liat some moastire of Reform was re-
quisite in our represe , -
civil convulsions in almost every country, it was exllZia
and necessary to unite those classes having property with
the middle classes, and that this, upon the whole, was the
best that could be introduced, and at once satisfactory and
safe. The Ministerial measure met with his approbation.
Mr. CAMPBELL was not disposed to find fault
with the train of address that the Honourable
Member who last spoke hail adopted, further than to
hope that the present measure might pass, if it were
for no other purpose than to prevent the Honourable
Gentleman or any other Member of that House talk-
ing of the Noble Lord who had sent him there—
language which had become almost as common in that
House as the expressions of his constituents, and which
would actually have horror-struck any Honourable
Member m that House in ancient times. It
was to be hoped the time would speedily arrive
when such expressions could no longer be heard
of. Ills (Mr. C.'s) principal object was to address
a few observations to the motion that had been
made by the Hon. and Gallant Officer on the other
side of the House. That motion was that the Members
returned for England remain, they being 513. For such
a resolution, he (Mr. C.) was totally at a loss to dis-
cover any principle. What was there magical or so
sacred in the number 13 ? Lord Coke had said
there was something singular in the number 12.
there were twelve tribes of Egypt—twelve signs of the
zodiac—twelve Disciples—twelve Apostles—twelve months
in the year, and twelve Judges of England—(Laughter)
—but what there was in 513 he had yet to find out.
Again, with respect to the number 45 for Scotland, why
that number was to be preserved inviolate he had no means
of knowing. On the contrary, in going back to the
part
terosf fortile England, that the
original resolutions between the Commissioners of England.
and the Commissioners for Scotland he found it was clearly
understood by the Commissioners of Scotland, and he
number might and should be varied. Tate original
believed by
was
dti°tnhat Scotland should send 38 representatives, but
pEroogploasoi
that number was afterwards varied to 45. The Scotch cers
(Cr: Commissioners
tainly did not insist on having more, but they looked forward
to the British Parliament for leave to have the num-
', culd it be imagined that whatever
her increased. C
alth
tfiieottelrn thati\ (tiiiilirseltethouietrinsa(e;a:piosipeneirinnsy
changes might take place with respect to the wealth and
ed
increase of population of Scotland that the number of 45
Scotland
eem
Eben thansinalidn°
part
that t at tfTaßhneryri
et:
wasm ec :tut
absurdity
e s
ioeu
sloadni
db ett
thi ace
nl
tar
leg)
ei t
01E)
frni pgtuililaeantdiport
soi ,hpo,
usnil.dd
err
Lae: imonu:navtidinnr udaopnaf
plweadner
tion, ssaehgnordue lafie itve
Members, whilst Scotland and Ireland returned so
many less? It arose from an absolute
abuse of
the prerogative of the Crown. It arose not from
the representatives of large counties and populous places,
but front an indisputable abuse of the Crown is,
power
ofn
individuals being vested with the
bers to that House. Ili,.
was sending
directlyMem-
repugnant to the
Constitution of England, that Constitution required that the
representatives
of the people in Parliament should
be returned by the people, and in no other way.
The principle of retu •
trung the Members to Parliament
was laid down so long ago as thetime of Edward the
First—he laid it down in the
nsummonses which he
issued, and he ph, C.) trusted that the time was at hand
when that principle would be recognized again, and acted
upon in its largest acceptation.
(LEFT SITTING.)

HOUSE OF LORDS.
CALCRAFT'S DIVORCE BILL.

The examination of witnesses on this Bill was resumed,
and the further consideration adjourned to Monday next.
Lord EGMONT took the oaths and his seat.
Earl SPENCER presented a petition from the county
of Northampton in favour of Reform, also one from Tow-
rester to the same effect.
The Duke of RICIIMOND
presented a petition from
Boswell, in Sussex, to the same effect.
The Bills on the table were forwarded a stage.
The Earl of WESTMORELAND, in consequence of a
petition having been presented by Earl Spencer from N orth-
"anipton in favour . of Reform, felt himself called upon
to rescue himself and the generality of that respectable
county from having countenanced so tyrannical a petition.

Earl SPENCER apologized for having presented the
petition in the absence of the Noble Earl, and deprecated
the discussion of the merits of this groat measure on the
presentation of a petition.
The Earl of WESTMORELAND explained.

The Earl of WINCIJELSEA said he could not
refrain, being connected, as he now was, with the
county of Northampton, and feeling great respect for the
individuals who had signed the petition, from rising to meet
the aspersions that had been thrown out against
the petitioners by the noble Eati. He deprecated the
warmth of language used on both sides, and he -re-
zretted that the noble Earl should choose to cal
a measure of such importance 'tyrannical_: and Irevolm.;
tionary ; .tmd, that he Auld- thrownrations on a body of men whom he would say hotirever-'
warm the feelings of the Noble Earl miggt be for the good
of his .country, could not be exceeded by the individuals
individuals who placed the petition on their Lordships'
table. With respect to the measure itself, when the
time came for discussing it before their. Lordships, he
should be prepared to state what parts he approved at', and
those which.he 'considered ought to be rejected.
Sir A. GRANT, and others, brought up the Corporation
Property Fund Bill, and several-private Bills.
