vernment, where is Ole, Italian svho does not
ardently desire- this ? In its divided state it
must be for ever a prey to fore47ners: 'and the
Italian who can see his beactifursoil-one day
trod by French, and the next by Austrianpas-
ters, without wishing to free it froth this dis-
graceful thraldom 5 must have a cold and Unfeel-
ing heart indeed. But why should we Wish to
perpetuate the slavery 'of the Italians ? Why
should we wish to keep their country in its pre-
sent miserable state ? Have we any interest in
its perpetual This-government? But whatever
may be the wishes of patriotic Italians, the re-
formed .Government of Naples has, froth the mO7'
ment of its establishment, taken particular care
to adopt no measures, and "to avow no Maxims
Which could give any other State'a right to in-
terfere with it. But. the iNionatchical- principle
does not consider itself bound by the interimtional law. •

[New l'imes.]
The question of the Liturgy will soon be set
at rest, very much to the satisfaction, we believe,
of all the respectable part of society. -They will
be extremely well pleased to hear nothing more
of the Queen; after, it haS been determined that
she is to have 'a' suitable provision, and that she is
not to have any unsuitable mark of high distinc-
'tion and respect. Lord Archibald Hamilton, a
gentleman brought uj, we presume, in the reli-
giOus observances of the Scottish Church, has
kindly taken upon himself to throw 'a light
ron the English Liturgy. His illation certainly
comes on 10-morrow. its result may pretty con-
fidently be predicted from -the division' on the
previous question moved by Loyd Castlereagh on
Tnesday evening: yhat division was rather un-
expected, and near forty memberS happened' to,
be shut out at, the time, seven only of whom, it is
believed, would have•yoted with the Opposition.
The Whole numbers, therefore, may be' taken to
stand thus :

ror Lord C.'s Motion
Apinst - -

Vntid, Slipt nut Total
2go ' - 3 4 Q 93
1(39 ' - '7 176

Whole Majority - - 117
We do not contend that the di‘ision on the
Liturgy question must coincide exactly with this
estimate ; but there is vent reason to believe
that it will not be very widely different. In this
point of view the nation is obliged to Mr.Wethe-
rell for having so early afforded them means of
forming a reasonable conjecture of the result of
this long litigated question:

[The Times.]

Yesterday the much expected, meeting of mer-
chants, bankers, and traders of the metropolis
took place at the Egyptian Hall. We are of
course not disappointed' in the issue ; nor since
we understood that the meeting was to be dis-
turbed, are we much surprised at the proceed-
ings. 'One'question strikes us at the commence-
ment, which it would puizle wiser persons than
the Vole-arid-Corner gentlemen to 'answer.
Why, we ask, have they who had not dared to
call a meeting of their own, chosen to •attend a
meeting of more honoUrable men, simply for the
purpose of disturbing ? Their disgraceful
trick to obtain previous possession of the room was
exposed by us before, and therefore in part
defeated ; but it would perplei them mightily
to give -a rational answer to the above question.
There is another point of view, also, in which. it
will be seen that their proce( dings are not only
disgraceful to themselVes, Lut injurious to their
whole fraternity. It is asserted by the hole-and-
corner men at large, that-they dire not call meet-
ings and discussions, because their -proceedings
would be interrupted or disturbed by the cla--
.thours of unqualified intruder.--by Radicals, in
fact, of every rank. and degree ; and vet have
we here 'these delicate Gentlemen themselves'
pract'sing these ruder arts which seem to inspire
them with such it rrir, aiid assembling in gangs to
break in upon , and obstruct those proceedings
which they cannot prevent or overrule.'

[Morning Lierak.l.]'
No question of importance stood last night far
discussion in either House. The proceedings- in
the Commons, howeyer, :will be found interest-
ing—and their length, under the circumstances,
shOws that Honourable- Members have come
fo?-eilier with a S4art) appetite. for debate.--,
Mr. Wetherell's Motion or Copies of certain
Extracts from the Liturgy, from the time of
James I. to the.present, withreferencelo the in-
sertion or non...insertion of the name of the Queen
Consort, .fdr'the-tii-ne being,' therein, was•arrreed
to without opposition. The relitions of Eitrope
were also. brought into discussion by some ques-
dons and .observations directed to Lord Castle-
reagh by Mr: W: Lamb, Mr. Hume, Sir R. WO-
arid other Members. The Noble Lord did
but repeat in substance what had fallen from .him
on this subject the preceding. night—that this
country. had no participation in the proceedings at
Troppau or_Laybach,or the measures which might
result from them. He declared that peace was his
polic.y, but deprecated interference ; and main-
tainedi that the non-acknoWledgement of the
Neapolitan Envoy recently arrived .in this C3llll-
- ..and' the conveYatfce of the King of Naples
in a- British ship of war to Leghorn, .intimated
nothing- Thconiikatible 'with strict neutrality._
No reasonable person. will demand of IVliniSters,
that. they Should - dictate peace to the three
Powers(or,the two Powets) met at LaybachHfor
it would appear that the King Of Prussia dois not
go there. Hut It is also to be hoped, there is hone
of that treacherOtis neutrality which may be call-
ed cannivance. " Peace," says the Noble Lord,
" is our policy." Then- why not support-that po-
licy, by•the weight and influence of the country ?
The- influence` and wealth of England have been
Used as a lever to raise these very 'Powers in arms..
It surely is not too •muCh•fo demand, 'that its in-
luence b!ily should be exercised to keep theM in
a state of peace? •

[The Public Ledger.]
The. House of coninionSlast ht was engag-•
ed for several hours previous to commencing the
regular buSineSs of the evening, in receiving 'va-
rious Petitions 'froth diffeEent part Or the country
on the subject of the recent proceedings against
her Majesty; and strongly condemning the con-
