HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. MAsox presented Papers from the Eaat toia
containing the Resolutions of the Court of Directors relative to
the granting of Pensions.
Mr. L. KECK presented *petal' On from Sparkloit
_ln Lei-
cestershire, against the Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts.
Referred to e Committee.
Mr. BARRY presented a petition from York tiktinst the in-
solvent Debters' Act.--Ordered to he printed.
.Mr. DUNDAii presented a petition feint, Leith, praylag a
modification of the Tax on Apprentices,-:-I,all. on to table.
Mr. BEA LIMON T presented a petition from Durham oftaiost
some parts of the General Turnpike Act—Ontered to be
print
Mr. TWISS brought in a Bill for aptointing Assegai:rex' to re.
elate the Proceedings .at Bleetions. The But was reed *first
time, and orueren for a second reading an Monday next, and to
be printed.

CRIMINAL, LAW.
Sir J. MACKINTOSII rose to give aofki Nit he should,
upon the earlieitt possible occisim after• the recess, brink for.
ward a motion upon the subject 'a the Criminal 1:1w, pursuant
to the Resolution of the 'louse last year.. The e4rlieat day he
found open was the 13th of May, and he give notice for that
day accordingly.
Mr. WA 'IRE moved for Returns of the ntinihgr of places
in Enkland *here there were Courts of local JOrisdiethui for
the information of Criminal ; stating the nnother
of Stoadotta held in a year, and the number of persona con-
victed together with statement of their offences; since the
year 1160.
Sir T. ACIA ND (as was understoOd) gave noticei„that on
Mortda_y neat his HonoUrable Friend the Member for pratii_ber
(Mr. Wilberforce) would present Pedtlig) frintl la-Ay
of Quakers for the abolutton of slavery in all parts. of thil-Rii-
tishdOminfons. . •

The Irish Grand 3nry
.Presentment Bill was reed +i iecr~riii
a ft* observatitins tioni -Natition't4,
C. Ilurotrwso.w, Mr. S. Rune, and Mr. DAWSON, and WAS
committed for Monday.
On the motion of. Mr. Secretary PEEL, the Prisoners Re.

gulatien Bill was read a second time, and committed for
Mariday.
KING'S PROPERTY BILL.
The ATTORNEY...GENERA LE moved the Order of the
Day for the House going into a Committee on the King's Pro.
perty Bill.
Mr. BENNET said, that his recollection failed him very
much, if he had not heard the late Marquis of Londonderry
state, that his Majesty had presented the freehold of Brighton
Pavilion to the Public ; and his impression on this point. was
the stronger, inasmuch as he thotight•the Right lion, Member
for -Knaresborough had observed in answer, that it was a most
munificent present. If this were the case, some notice of
the circumstance might be necessary in the present Bill.—
While upon his legs, lie wished to ask the Right Honourable
Gentleman opposite whether the repairs to that Palace had
been paid Nm time to time out of the Civil List, or out of
the Privy Purse. If the former, the Palace, so far as those
repairs were concerned, was publiC property; and the King had
no more right to dispose ofit than he had to .dispose of Wind.
sor Castle, or any other Palace which he inherited in right of
his crown. -• • - • ;•.

Air. Secretary PEEL Was convinced the Hon. Member must
have laboured under a mistake when he imagined that hit late
lathented Mend, the Marquis of Londonderry, had made any
statement respecting the Pavilion to the efrect mentioned by the
Hon. Gentleman. Such a measure as that alluded to wasnever
in the contemplation of his Majesty, though he had, must Me.
tally, presented to the public the library ot his late Royal
Father. There could be no doubt that all prbpetity inherited.
by his Aljeity, in right of his crown, was public property; but
the object of the present Bill was meeely to enable him to dis..•
pose of thirreal property Which belonged to him when he.*** a
subject. With regard to the question of the• Hon. Member, re=
specting the repairs, he was not, at that nutmeat, prepared -to '
give a positive answer; but he apprehended that the etperice
of them was defrayed nut of the privy purse. • • .
Mr. BENNET explained ; and the -House went into a Coln.
mittec.,.. In the Committee,
Mr. BENNET said he presumed there would be no °Wee.
tion to a Return being presented, stating what sums, if any,
bad been paid for repairs out of the public money.
Mr. WARRE said, that on referring to the evidence given'
before the Committee on the Civil List, it'would be found that
many considerable items for furniture supplied at the Pavilion 4
were charged lathe late Lord Hertford's accounts, and defrayed
out of the Civil List.
Mr. Secretary PEEL observed, there was no doubt that
sums had been, paid out of the Civil List fbr furniture, but
the present Bill confined to the disposal of real pm.
perty. ' 7 ,;
After a few words from Mr. liztottr, Mr. SCAIRIATT,
anti the ATTORNEY.GEwEnAt., the }louse resumed, and the
Report war ordered to be received on Monday.
Ih. LUSH INOTON gave notice, thaton trusday se'nnight
he should submit to the House a motion- on the subject of
forgery.
On the motion of Mr. PLUNKETT, the following Commit-
tee was appointed to inquire into the state of the local taxation
of the City of Dublin: • - •
Mr. Attorney4eneral for Ireland, Mr. Thomas Ellis, Mr.
Secretary. .Peel, Mr. Goulburn, Sir Geore Hill, Sir Henry
Parnell, Mr. Spring Rice, Mr. • Stewart (of Armagh), Mr.
Knox,, Mr. Luke White, Sir Compton Domvile, Sir Robert
Shaw,.Mr. Henry White, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Newport, Mr.
hlassey Dawson, General Gascoyne, Mr. Hely Hutchinson,
Sir Nicholas Colthurst; Mr. Trench, Mr. Wellesley, and Mr.
Grattan.
A. Message from the Lords here announced their Lordships'
assent to several Bills.
Sir It., WILSON presented a petition from certain inhabit.
ants of St. John, Southwark; praying •for a Bill to facilitate
the Recovery of Small Debts.—lteferred .to the Committee on
Small Debts.
