HIS MAJESTY'S HEALTH.

would be impossible for the department of the
War secretary to transact the business. The fact
is, that the business of the Commander in Chief
in point of detail bas suffered little relaxation
since the tennination of the war. And then it
remains to be seen whether transferring the
Army from the Commander in Chief to any
other would not be just as liable to be view-
ed with constitutitinal jealousy, as suffering
it to remain where it is. Tbtre is one
more point which we have not touched upon
point of precedent. It is said that there
is no precedent of a Commander-in-Chief being
retained during a period of pt•ace. "io tar is this
from hen g the case, that (be fact is (lit ectly the
reverse. lVe ne,d only mew ion two prece-
dents : that of Oil: iiike'or Cumberland, who
was Laptalo-General of the Army, a highei
poet, we htlieve, than the Commander-iu.Chief,
bit with ail rue power and patronage o 7 the Com-

ILLEGAL THAINING.—Mr. WILLIAMS stated to
the Court at Manchester, that as the ends ot jus-
tice were satit•tied by the convictions whtch had
taken place on this ch.rge, it Daniel .Sl4den,
bert Whitworth, and John Kay, chose to submit
to their indictments, he should not object to their
being discharged on their own recognizances in
401. each, to appear when called upon. These
parties accepted the offered kindness, pleaded
guilty, and were so discharged. Amos Ogden,
on the contrary, refused to do so, aud, in the
course ot his trial, attempted to set tip a defence,
by means of perjury. Lie was found guilty, hovv-
ever, on the .clearest evidence, arid owing to the
sort ot defence which he had us,d, was sentenced
to twelve months' imprisonment in LanedS!er
Castle. After his rri sl, a pike.whsprodoc,f! which
had been found in his house by a 'constable.—
(,liniwhester Chroilicle) ,

Sir MATTHEW TIERNEY returned to town from
Brighton last night, and attended the KING at his
Palace in Pall-Mall this morning. After consult-
ing twilit the other Physicians, the following fa-
vourable Bulletin was issued

" CARLTON-PALACE, FEBRUARYS, 1820.
" Half-past Eleven u'Clock, A.M.

" The KING has passed another good night,
and is losing every symptom of his complaint gra
dually.

" HENRY HALFOItn,
" WILLIAM KNIGHTON,
" MATTHEW JOHN TIERNEY."

We received this morning the Paris Papers of
Saturday last. The Gazette de France gives the
following from Cadiz, the 14th

" Tranquillity continues to prevail in this city.
" Proclamation of the Commandant-in-Chief of

the Camp of Gibraltar.

" Spaniards, officers, and soldiers, of a part
of the corps of the Expeditionary Army, se-
duced by a handful of factious men, who have
abandoned themselves to the first impulses of their
corrupted hearts, have you reflected for an instant
on the cons. quences which must necessarily ensue
from your disobedience to a wellAbelovedSovereign,
tor whom you have combated with so much valour,
and so much success, from your unexampled re-
volt and the scandalous arrest of your General-
in•Chiel? 'I hese factious men have endeavoured
to persuade you that the whole Spanish At my, and
the entire Nation, embrace your criminal party,
but you have already discovered that such
a hope is chimerical, since the greater part even of
the Army, and all Spaniards who glory in bearing
that name, either• Soldiers or Citizens, will never•
depart from those sentiments of honour, of re-
spect, of attachment, of fidelity, which they owe
and which they profess to the King our Sove-
reign, and to the Authorities constituted in his

name.
" The Troops of all arms whom I lead against
you, and the Battalions of the Regiments of the
"rinecand America, who are to join them, desire
not to be' under the hard necessity of shedding
your blood, in order to bring you back to 'reason;
but they are faithful and brave, and if that isin-
vitable, they will mix theirs with yours, in order
,o subject you, and to prove their fidelity to the
Sovereign whom they have replaced upon the
throne of his ancestors.
" One only means remains to you to diminish
'our great crime, and to obtain that pardon which
generous Monarch whom you have offended in
o cruel a manner,. is still disposed to grant. 1
lifer to you to intercede in favour of all tlie.ofli-
:ers and soldiers who immediately present them-
elves at my head=quarters,-or on the different
ioints occupied by my troops, where they will be
received as deluded men flying from sedition,
with the exception alWays of the chiefs', or in-
tigators of the conspiracy.
" Profit by the opportunity df mercy, and dread
the terrible chastisernetit which awaits you if you
persist in your error.

(Signed) " JOSEPH O'DONNELL.
" Head-Quarters, Alcana de los Guides, Jan. 9, 1820.
Proclamation II the Governor of Cadiz.
" Heroic Inhabitants of 'Cadiz, faithful sub-
jects of Ferdinand VII., rejoice, you have already
eompanions in Loyalty and Fiddity. Cast your
eyes on the Proclamation issued by the Com-
I mandant of the Camp of Gibraltar, Don Joseph
O'Donnell, to canfottbd the Seditious. See with
what genetusity lie offers pardon, in the name of the
most merciful of Monarchs, to those who sub,
wit themselves —Will you longer doubt as to
your duties—will you still feat that this small
!mintier of deluded men are capable of olyain-

MISSOURI QUESTION.—A Meeting was held -
Baltimore on Tuesday last ; a great diversity °l.'
opinion manifested itself ; the discussion sclas
long and animated ; filially a majority of file'
Citizens were decidedly in favour of sending
Memorial to Congress, urging the necessity of rev:,
stricting the further admission of slavery into tl4;
territory west of the Mississippi.

It is evidently the intention of the " Eat
Friends" of a Great Personage, since they canno'
force themselves into povVer, to endeavotirtodistalY
his domestic tranquillity. For this purpose tliejr
assume the character of Kniahts Errant, and

cally venture forth for the relief of Female Vir1011:,
But, we will presume to say, that whatever, report!
may prevail to the contrary, the object Of the.i(y
generous heroism is not likely to enter upon tle.
ground where the lists will be proclaimed, SO(.1,:
where the combat, if any, will take place, 10

have, as we before said, many very cogent rea501.17,9;
for being of this opinion, or rather for entertainitig.l
this convict ion, but as the subject is tielicate,
. • .
and might be disgusting, as we'll. as prmaturot,
at present, tve shall reserve ourselves for the
rind when it nn be brought into disenssioo±
warning the Milk against placing any confidell°!::
in what may be said on it' in the Party Prifiti;r
which, on this particular point,' are instigated 10`.I
actuated by nothing but disappointed spleco
base revenge, and rancorous hostility.

!Rat little respect shown tQ the British Flag

the South Sea —We have only to mention that
the &Hsi' ship Countess of Morley, of f'lY
mouth, cu a whaling voyage, was boarded by
Aor4.er, Cl:iiian armed ship, when eieht of 11`r

•
, c?
. .---------- J I reign—even on that day which the common con- name. .
to the Throne, we have to observe, that the Heir • i 1 - • 7th January. They contain no political newe• ...
sent of nraekrtid has set apart for secret
..
F. Apparent, as the King's eldest sou, is born to a ' nties'— " The Troops of all arms whom I lead against (Front the Richmond Inquirer, Jan. 1.) . .
on which the meatiest labourer decently rests from
held iR •-•
station in the State, vvitich by law does not admit,
—at Yon, and the Battalions of the Regiments of the Altssotret QUESTION.—A Meeting was
1..,
his' toil and enjoys the repose of a Sabbath of responsibility—his privileges are the same as
such a dine, and on such air occasion, one solitary Prince.and America, who are to join them, desire Baltimore on Tuesday last ; a great diversity c) . ~ 1
,t. those of the King—and similar provision is onade
man is found indecently thrusting out his pen to
by the law for the protection of his person. It is b s • not to be' under the bard necessity of shedding opinion
. •-•,
shock outbest feelings, and to provoke our warmest -
the! ,:: • I
1/
evident that the correspondence referred to re- • . • tr
rash
and
of your blood, in order to bring you back toleason; long and animated; filially a majority of ~,,, .
indignation. a es—the
'r. eaiding the claim of the Prince of Wales, allud-
•g . '
the mobocracy of Wt tor la( d—the vain aspirant but they are faithful and brave, and if that is-in- Citizens were decidedly in favour of sending :is :‘,
ed to this legal and constitutional objection to
to the i it of srulrese:rtiog the Courer t, iris holdings a responsible command. But the es evitable, they will mix theirs with yours, in order Memorial to Congress, urging the necessity of I.e.::: ;•''. ~ s
el
hise sr ft It 13. agtiont:doc am, I:ss isisited
to theo l I Public
•II r Presumptire holds DO such place in theto subject you, and to prove their fidelity to the striding the further admission of slavery into tl,) '.....•-10
unspoilt e declaration a delig r rearing
owe, nor does the law extend to him a single
' •s"
of the death of the King. - . • • 1 a • —..ssess,..._ •• s,, ..
every account a subject of sincere congratu a-
net- intettere with his responsibility, or that places ti
,m) ~Earl/ i' ...
—Such are his words,—not hastily issued throne •of Ins ancestors.
It is evidently the intention of the " , ~
, loin in any wher position than that of any other" One only means remains to you to diminish
f ' . the L. w 'er's desk on ada of businessy - but
Peer and subject. With respect to the fitness of
' •
Friends" of a Great Personage, since they cannot.
the person for the office, we are happily relieved 111°If'eueliu riya protruded 'on a day ofy
rest, of solemn your great crime, and to obtain that pardon which
' and sacred seclusion' a generous i Monarch whom you have offended in force themselves into povVer, to endeavotrrtodistar :
from all necessity of arguing the question :—it
ler ' .'
al
The pretender of p.atriotism—the boaster of be-
,. is acknowledged by the whole Empire, arid is en- so cruel grans. 1, his domestic tranquillity. For this purpose ti
.1 _
nevolence, rejoices in his Soverei Ws demise ! And a manner,sis still disposed to
lease.) in indelible characters upon the record of
offer to you to intercede in favour of all the.ofii-
wh doeilte 41r•oire ? Because (he tells its )it offersassume the character off,Kaights Errant, and hero i
.:-'' a
, every victory gained by our arms. But, we ere
an why
cerilaiti prospect of his •succ'ess in•utr cars and soldiers wbo immediately present them- tally venture forth for the relief of Female l'irlo,, •., tl
t.,1,1," the reduction of the office seetned not impro- ,
erectiou contest. Let him come to that contest
selves at
b )(lie alter the war was ended." And to what of-my head,quarters,-or on the different
ate which he invites his sii ' rosters to strike a
i nee would the duties have heel, transferred ?To lasting blow. ..,
points occupied by my troops, where they will be
r i i l •r• rit'ikt. st ' 1. id !you
g fee ro rs. s c e mot at. may prevail to the contrary, the object of titer . - ',..,
ihe ()Sire of the Secretary at War i' Now we will •
will not be found want tug to crush the snake received as deluded men flying from sedition, generous heroism is not likely to enter upon tl'
~ re
tl• •
take upou us to assert, that without an enlarge- you have only scotched before.—lle re-f inmilt of the establishment of that department,with the exception always of the chiefs; or in- ground where the lists will be proclaimed, oPos :
t 0 ,- 'll
news his hopeless attack on the free will and manly
where the combat, if any, will take place, Ll'e / -.S•. s
which %null! make the experice incurred by thattigators of the conspiracy.
independence
of the County, to meet with a
ss • 'to
increase as reat as the saving produced by the -
~ i• e. ••i . only
aso -/•,' ..'..'.---
have, as we before said, many very cogent re
...,,,, l,l
complete arid astir), r rs..crin ute. " Profit by the opportunity df mercy, and dread
reduction of the ofiice of Commander in Chief, it
7---- the terrible chastisement which awaits you if you tainid, ... . "-.:: Cr
for being of this opinion, or rather for enter
would be impossible for the department of the --- —7
this conviction, but as the
.subject is tielicete, io. 4
li,'ar Secretary to transact the business. The fact ILLEGAL TitAINiNG.—Mr. WILLIAMs stated to persist ill your error.
• . i•'.• Pe
is, that the business of the ComMander in Chief the Court at Alanehester, that as the ends of jos-
(Signed) " JOSEPH O'DONNELL• and might be disgusting, as will as prematuri'' :,-, ee
in point of detail has, suffered little relaxation tice were satisfied by the convictions witch had
" Head-Quarters, Alcana de los Guides, Jan. 9, 1820. at present, we shall reserve ourselves for the 14..• : I.''.' et
since the teimination of the war. And then it taken place on this charge, n iISI l "
if _an.e.........4(.en, __o.
• t• is:' rni
Proclamation of the Governor of Cadiz. rind when it may be brought into diseusste n
- es
remaius to be seen whether transferring the her( 'Whitworth, and Joho Kay, chose to submit
,e, • :`Pet
army from the Commander in Chief to any to their indictments, he should not object to their "Heroic Inhabitaots of Cadiz, faithful sub- warning the Priblic egainst placing any confidenCso 1.,.:;;, ell
oilier would not be just as liable to be view- being discharged on their own recognizance's in jests of Ferdinand VII., rejoice, you have already
in what may be said on it' in the Party Prifit!! ls-s)
ed with coostitutirenal jealousy, as suffering -Mt. each, to appear when called upon. These
eompanions in Loyalty and Fidelity. Cast your which, I• 1104' t''(lsi
,on this particular point, are nstigate( ~.
it to remain where it is. There is one parties accepted the offered kindness, pleaded
l'itt IN
more pout which we have not touched upon guilty, and were so discharged. Amos Ot.;den, eyes on the Proclamation issued by the Con,- actuated by nothing but disappointed spleen,
-....,
—,he point of precedent. It is said that there on the contrary, refused to do so, and, in the mandant of the Camp of Gibraltar, Don Joseph base revenge, and rancorous hostility. : l'.:l`. 4re
.
is no precedent of a G.iminander-in-Chief being course of his trial, attempted to set ti a detet,ice
, !v.. , O'Donnell to canfottlid the Seditious. See with • •••• 0.,
ss r
retained daring a period of peace. So tar is this by means of ►perjury. Lie was found -Pitt y, hoss-
~ ,
~„
ardor . , , , if.lizi. . . .
Flag is .' '''''''"(l
K hat genet (Jury he offers p, in the nameor the t little respect shown to the :British :., toil
from betug the ease, that (be fact is directly the ever, on the clearest evidence, arid otving to the '
[ ,4,:
reverse! We ne, d only mention two peace- sort of faience which lie had tri,d, was sentenced most merciful of Alonarchs, to those who sub, the South Sea —We have only to mention ilea[ 1,,,,t .i
,_
~... ,
dents : that of the Dske'of Cuiriberktntl, who to twelve months' imprisetiment in Lancaster
, mit themselves —Will von longer doubt as to the Bri'ish ship Countess of Morley, of Pi'. fr',:',l; 1;., "re
was (.serail,-General of the Army, a ilignei Castle. After his trial, a pike whe prodoevd whico . .
..
our duties—will you stnfeat
1 that this small mouth, el, a whaling boarded t toe 7,10,11iti
voyage, was by
.-,,,
post, we btlieve, iliati the Commandersio-Chief, hail beet) found in his house by a tconstable•
I),r ~,.i ..,.; ~,:..
but with nil roe power and patronage co the Com- (Illniwhester Chroilicle) lifintber. of deluded men are capAhle of obr ain- Anr4er, Cl:iiian armed ship, 's hen eight of
....1;•:r '..
'
''''''''449'iri-40 ' I,4l"'fr,Vt*-Ai,n. Wit `'•"; -,,,,, ••• • ''.' ' ,-.42--4.70-3.-''';r v.404.4.,-,1,:c.,,1p*..?;,a,+.:,,,,...0..,i-k,,,..Pt..-1::. ' •.,—..:-.,7.,.
,i.,4"....i44izn....:,,,,:,7.:r..i i,:. :',.:4 titti . Wifie4f -VetPY. i:„';':'Ktre,-,tWZ'ik4a,AZAVl'i'.4- '.-,-,
A. f• -:.-.4.7.5q.i:-;..-1,....,4;,,.:. a-1,,,;,i.,,,xii.,
..,,,,k,.
~ -1.- ...4.0,i, • 9 .;-,--, 4:4ig , 4,, • q...a. - 4.4.1,,,,e.,x,-,,?,,,,,,,,i5i....'r - '
•

r

braie

e

• ani

ry

Ora

, be,

,bolt

pelt
thi

t°

Ige9

-.4CTION FOR COVENTRY —A Meeting look
Mace '
Yesterday at the Eagle Tavern, City-Road,
'B4l°4g the friends of IVILLIAM COBBETT, in order
tO
Propose him as a .fit Candidate for the City of
Coventry, in the event of a General Election.
I.I"RY HUNT was in the Chair, and of course,
stke highly in favour of his friend. DYALL, the
• ,'teen Coat Orator was present, but in a state of
tnarttculate
ebriety, and he Wog turned out of the
rem by the Water Drinking Patriots. COBBBTT
laving been proposed, and the motion second-
". he eproelaimed his independence, and made. the
,saal hackneyed professions of what he would do,
14. ease of success. He was asked if he had ever
°lade any offer to Government or Government to
He wisely attempted to turn off the quell-
on with a laugh; referred to his baying been
iroprisoned and fined, as the beet reply, 'hi) did
;trot venture 'to deny the fact that he had really
ered to relinquish the publication of his R 4 gis-
rev'', to he exempted from the f-i)e and iwprisonmen'.
tie,

„ .
hest sea' men wtte seduced from her. The master
01 the Countess of Morley protested against such
improper conduct, but was laughed at ; and the
ship Policy, of London, also on a whaling voyage,
was fired at and boarded by the boats of the Chi-
Nan squadron, when the Captain was ordered to
keep full 18 leagues from land, under pain of be-
ing detained and sent to Valparaiso as a plize.—
(Jamaica Paper.)

' 'At
.ary merit, but peculiar in his manner, and of
fected in his delivery. He was a firm ft iend, to
I'rl and, and Ireland nobly requited, his efforts in
,letence. It is understood, and, indeed, well
known, that he intended to advocate the cause of
0. cry, and endeavour to restore it to a full
..i,--,;),,rticipation of Legislative Authority : if, there-
• t-ire, there is any thing consolatory in the death
, an eminent character, there is the less
son to regret the loss of Mr. GRATTAN ; for
though it would have been impossible for
h•
im to succeed under the reign of his present
11AJESTY, who pays a filial homage to the
'entiments of his venerable Father, arid feels an
hereditary attachment to that Religion which he
bound by the most sacred obligations to main-
rain, yet, if Mr. GR ATTAN had exerted his powers,
tq oPposition to the Established Church, lie
.'• '11;111 have excited such tumults in his own cow).
iry
tIY as would have been productive of the most
fa•
tal
consequences.---I"eace to his Manes
•
•.,.
ti
•

HENRY GRATTAN, ESQ.—We recently an-
!"nttced the alarming'state of the health of this
Qctitlernan, and the last intelligence from Ireland
firings an account of his death. He possessed
Powerful talents, and was an Orator of no ordi-

c

CEREMONIAL • 1 -
FOR THE PRIVATE INTERMENT
OF HIS LATE ROYAL HIGHNESS
EDWARD, DUKE OF KENT AND STRATHERN,
IN THE ROYAL CHAPEL or ST. GEORGE, AT WIN OR.
On Saturday Evening-, the ittli February, 1820.

On Mondoy morning, the 7th of February, at
ten o'clock, the remains of his late Royal High-
ness will be privately removed front Sidmouth, es-
corted by a detachment of Cavalry, in the fol-
lowing outer :

A Mourning Coach, drawn by six horses, containing the Urn,
attended by a Gentleman of the Lord Chamberlain's De-
partment, and a Gentleman of his late Royal Highness's
Household.

THE HEARSE.

Drawn by eight horses, decorated with escocheons of his late

Royal Highness's arms.

A mourning coach drawn by six horses, in which will he the
Comptroller of the Household, the Domestic Chaplain, and
the two Surgeons who attended his late Royal Highness.

A mourning coach, drawn by six horses, in which will be two
of his late Royal Highness's Household.
The carriage of his late Royal Highness, with the blinds up,
attended by the personal Footmen of his late Royal High-
ness.

Upon the arrival of the procession at Bridport.
the remaius of his late Royal Highness will he
placed in the Church there, tinder a military gtiard,
during the night of Monday.
On the following meriting at ten o'clock, the
procession will move in the same order, halting
on Tuesday the St It, at Blandford ; on Wednes-
day, the 9 it, at Salisbury ; and on Thursday, the
10th, at Basingstoke; the same arrangement be-
ing observed, for placing the remaiiis of his late
Royal Highness, each night, as at Bridport.

On Friday, the 11th instant, at ten o'clock, the
procession will move in the same order to Cum-
berland Lodge, where the body will be removed
from the hearse, and lie privately in state. On
urday, Cle 12th instant, at seven o'clock in the
evening, a mourning coach, containing the urn,
attended as before, will proceed under an escort
to the Royal Chapel of St. George, where the urn
will be removed troni the coach by two Yeomen
of the Guard, and received by the Dean of Wind-
sor, and an Officer of the Lord Chamberlain's
department, and deposited in the Royal Vault.
At eight o'clock in the evening the remains of
his late Royal Highness will be removed from
Cumberland Lodge to St. George's Chapel, in the
following order :

c.
c.
u,
g
;.!

. ,
porters on either side; the supporters of the Pall,
will sic in their places near the Body, and the
bearers of the canopy on either side.
The Anthem being performed, and the part oi
the service before the interment read, the Body
will be deposited in the Royal vault. The office
of burial being concluded, Garter Principal K;ng
of Arms, after a short pause, will proclaim the
style of; his Royal Highness.

After which the Chief Mourner, his Support
ers, and others who composed the procession, wil

retire.

N. B. The Knights of the several Orders will
appear in their ribbons and stars, respectively,
and without collars.

PROCLAMATION OF HIS MAJESTY KING GEORGE IV,

IN THE TOWER AND ITS HAMLETS.

This Ceremony took place yes►erday, according
o the ancient custom, in the following order,

which is transcribed from the Official Pro-

name :

The High Constables on Horseback. 1
Constables and Hcadboroughs.
Beadles.
r.
': The Drum Major, Kettle Drum, and` Eight :
-:4
~
Drummers of the Royal Household.
C I
The King's Serjeaut Trumpeter. ,
o
Ten Trumpeters of the Royal Household. i I
;.;{ The Chief Bailiff and Clerk of the Peace.
The Chaplain of the Tower.
: Thirty Warders of the Towei., headed by the tr.ji
::"; The LieutenantYoef?ntlhaenlii=rr,•indis e- g E
< The Fort Major of the Tower, in leis Caar e
rrrrage.. :°
The Deputy Lieutenants and Magistrates, in their
L carriages. J
The Cavalcade assembled on the Parade in the
Tower between ten and eleven. At eleven, silence
being proclaimed by sound of Trumpet, the Pro.
clamation was read by the Chief Bailiff, the
Troops of the Garrison presenting Arms. Three
loud Huzzas were then given, the Drums and
Trumpets sounded, and a Royal Salute fired by
the Tower Cannon. The Procession then moved
forward ; and the!Ceremony was repeated, with
the like State, on Great Tower Hill, at White.
chapel Bars, Spitalfield's Market, on the ancient
scite of Shadwell Market, and, lastly, at Ratcliffe
Crag. The Procession then separated.
The whole effect was grand and imposing. It
was heart-cheering to hear our Imperial Anthem,
and the shouts of his armed Subjects for the Hap-
piness and Glory of their Sovereign.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

BETTING-ROO.
DEI

I If to 1 aKst Mr. Pierse's c.
12 to i agst Duke
14 to I .agst Sailor

I.l'l, FEBRUARY 7.
RBI.
15 to i agst Br. to Blueber
17 to '1 agst c. out of Briseis
15 to 1 agst Pindarree

OAKS.

4, , to 1 agst Sorcery 611 y

1 t 1 to 1 apt Mr. Wyndham

RIDDLES WORTH.
tu,l agst Selima I 7 to 1 agst Pindarree.

DpNCASTER ST. LEGER.

14 to 1 agst Mr. Pierse's Li- 18 to 1 agst Dilke
seite c. 22 to) agst Tramper
18 to 1 agst Monteith, broth. 100 to 4 agst Langar -
to Filho da Pula Ivo to 4 agst Cavalier
500 agst each was bett.• Col. Lid ney's c. out of Eleanor, heal

Tone, Duke, and i\lonrcith.

BUNTING INTELLIGENCE.

The East Essex Fox Hounds meet to-morrow, at Borley and
Balsham ; Tkprsday, at Thuriow, Town ; Saturday, at Thnr-
low Town; Monday, at Burdbr ook Park.—The Pytchley
Hounds to-morrow, at Stanford Hall ; Friday, at Gates-
brooke ; at half-past ten.—The Oakley Hounds, this day, at
Oak Close ; Thursday, at Wootton ; Saturday, at Oakley ken-
nels; at half-past ten. The Duke of Graftun's Hounds to-
morrow, at Little Horwood, at halt-past ten.

BRIGHTON, Fes. 6.-14 is "itlVOESible to de-
scribe the agony which has been felt here, in conse-
quence of the indisposition of his present MAJRSTY.
All restlis and descriptions of people have equally
shared in the anxieties excited. At one time,
the recollection of all other matters seemed lost in
the fever, of apprehension which palsied the pub-
lic spirit, but, praised be Gon, the nation have
been preserved from the awful afflictiou so greatly
dreaded,

A curious fact, although perhaps but little
known, is, that the Countess of MORNINGTON,

the mother of his Grace the Duke of WELLING-
TON, walked at his late Majesty's Coronation.
She was then reckoned amongst the newest of
the Irish Nobility, Lord MORNINGTON being only
advanced, in 1760, to the Earldom ; •and she is
possibly the only Peeress now retraining who may
appear at the new Coronation, who bad been pre-
sent at the former.

On Sunday last, the loyalty of the inhabitants of
the town of Sheerness induced them very gene-
rally to put on mourning for the Duke of KENT.
On the news of the death of our late Revered
King reaching that place on Monday, every shop
was quickly closed, and the town presented a
sombre appearance. The official intelligence
of the melancholy event having arrived on
board the Northumberland guard-chip, lying
at Sheerness, the colours were hoisted half-mast
high, and minute guns were fired for three hours,
producing a most affecting impression.

TRICKS UPON' TRAVELLERS.—Instances have
been known of thorough paced rogues, when de-
tected in their depredations being the first to join
in the cry of Stop Thief ! In like manner, the
-Pohlisher of the spurious continuation of the Ad-
ventures of the renowned Dr. SYNTAX, has the
effrontery to ' talk of '' shameless deceptions,
imitations, and impositions."—As a Guide to
the Public, we beg leave to inform them that
the Second Tour of that Reverend Mot alist is like
the First, published by IL ACKERMANN, and em-.
bellished with designs from the original pencil of
HOWLANDSON ; whose name, affixed to each en-
graving, will sufficiently distinguish the genuine
work from base fahrications.—(See Advertisement
in our First Page.)

,„- •"•110wever, renewed his false story, that G 0
t. ..:.-: .: % rnment had offered him printing-offices, &c
3 :. Etc. but declared that he never had, and -neve
ci): :. : vvould, accept such offers. Thanks were vote(
..:.'7 • ', tO the Chairman, and Ho NT then entered into ;
~ttresorne account of his own affairs and the :on
10 ,; ‘ t 1.,,., ,
:‘,. '. . , •-• or Sir FRANCIS BURDETT, but was •lisset
''.
: ("'"'• The Meeting then adjourned. Jr con
'e
of 'a
motley crew, very few of whom hat
l
fi:sY connection with Coventry. The only salts,
' ‘ ' liutt.:lry circumstance stated was, that JOSEPH
'' ii 'TEIIWORTII, Esq. intended to stand again fie
' . . ....,1„, „
• .• ' ttepresentation of Coventry, which we hop
• , ,i, -
• ~, „f
!iliac!, that the City may have an opportunity
onmg for its error, in the loss of a Gentle•
, ... ',:bi"'ed all who, in whatever light his character may bt
, . most he admired and es
„
teemed, as a
toad to Religion, to his Country, and to Man-
le ;,
.
• ;'(kind,
—.......„,,,,,...--
'iforNid r. WRTFIERELL has been announced at Ox-
in, •ci,Y as a Candidate for the Representation of the
•
if' . . , telhe report of the Physicians in attentlanee upon
$ . • is MAJESTY yesterday was of the most flattering
l'. tiat
. '':. " lire, and cheering to his subjects,
e'' ' •to hi , who flocked
' ,1 , it , 1 MAJESTY'S Palace in Pall-mall, to make
ir. ~, •' leir MAJESTY'S
inquiries The Nobility and others
,••strho 1,
~,,'
to have been presented at Court were not quite
.' ~. .
,Pahlet:'erotts in the throng who resorted to the
..;. as. t" subscribe their names, they being well
• . ~ assured
ware,„r
' 410 "I
the KING'S proceedieg in every tesnect
-:. i, •
..,-' as_ usu rbeeuvery, The general inquirers were,
7 .i.
_.,-.. The aI,""Y numerous. (Court— Circular.)
1,-arlton I,°ltki) CHANCELLOR went on Sunday to
- : '-. Jerry, k,"tee, and had an audience of his MA.
V.; t • W''''ell Continued nearly an hour,
i • Is a cti air ..e City Corno:L."l for the KING to dine with, the
s' ;'after thercolni'n
ion the first Lord Mayor's Day
, .. 0 The pow.
. ro,,,tion.
, .., ~ Marquez Ptipers say that Sir ISAAC HEARD and
7 '-
':lter, ss uf HERTFORD are the only official
r' •P'G.tillt s extant who were at the Accession of
~. 'se le" 111- This is not the fact • Mr. HATSELL
. •• 3 ...el-) (.1
• :. atolls. •••,e7k Assistant of the House of Corn-
I. • .
:'. -, • Crest
; :,., the d, as are the external signs of regret on
••• '.: ,for -cease of the late KING, yet the mourning
/ • ' lye a.eeerai of our Sovereigns has been deeper.
'l/ .t.:•Ct:tirBtetilantS of all the Nobility, &c. on going to
'' lull ate, on former occasions, been put into
I -c:
pei r""rning ; and even the carriages have been
.' e flied or covered with bla.A. At the funeral
13
. ,„ etsetteo
~.:`:ee, • iiy for oLivF., •cRomvvELL, when the pro-
IT,iiitar" went from Somerset-house to the Abbey.
~, V pre, Y mourning was carried farther than at
.' itter,eiter',,
It is mentioned, that the soldiers who
1,1-$ 11,. 'eu wore black buttons.
L f:4:..,: dcl truce PAUL ESTERHAZY and his Princess are
..'" Y expected in London. Every pieparation is
• 14''' 1114ki"g at Cbandos•bouse for their reception.
p,
1.. oe Executors of the late Lord ELLENnottotActi
L Sre said to have discovered securities among his i
ft.
i l'epers, to the amount of 80,000/. more tl,in they
~i'(hip died Io he the property which his Lord-
tip died possessed of.
(' The Earl and Countess of Ltvetteooe and family I
of
•10
,:,., are arrived at Fite House, for the season, front I
'heir seat, Coomb House, Surrey, t
z...: .i,,, .
..
~.
•
1rt'..,..- /MeV. t;'A,„'„ -,,,:
