AFFAIRS OF GERMANY.

(Public Meeting at the Crown and Anchor; concluded

from The Sun of yesterday.)
Mr. KREUTZNEA, a German, seconded the resolution of
thanks of Thomas Campbell and 11. L. Bulger, Esq., and
spoke at great length in the German language.
The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously.
Mr. CAMPBELL returned thanks. As a firm, but a
discreet friend of Germany, he exhorted them not to be
misled by any appearance of zeal on the part of this
country, and not to depend on any thing England could
do for them. Ile prayed them to understand what he
cad, not as cooling in his zeal, for he felt for Germany as
warmly as ever, but as anxious that they should not be
misled. The sympathies of the people were already en-
listed on their side, but it was another thing to bring them
into practical use. Ile was not a partizan of any party,
and with all respect for the present Ministry, he declared
them of a p icifie—lie regretted a too p aciric counsel.
What, then, must bring about such changes in the popular
mind of Great Britain, as may, without disrespect to the
Cabir.et, determine Great Britain to bestir herself
for Germany ? It depended on the Germans them.
selves. If they succumbed, and depended on Great
Britain, she will do nothing, and she will be
right ; but if they rose, like their Alemanian forefa-
thers, like the Achrean league, with one accord, in spite
of debt and economy, they would win the heart of Great
Britain, and she would pray, pay, and bleed for them.__
(Cheers.) He exhorted them rather to let the liberties of
their country die gloriously in battle, than to be ignomi-
niously suffocated. But it might be said, "It is easy to say
to the Germans, go out and fight," and if he did not belong
to the English nation the reply would be just; but did
Englishmen obtain Reform by succumbing ? They hail
struggled for Reform for thirty years, and hail suffered
during that time evils which many men would exchange
for the risk of a day's battle. England had long waged a
moral battle, and when they came to the awful crisis, they
were much mistaken who thought they were fearful of the

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 7, 1832.

An official account has been received of the
battle, on the 23d July, between the liberating
army in Portugal and that of the Usurper. It
does not appear that many prisoners were taken
by Don PEDRO, nor that many of the iVliguelite
troops joined his standard. Indeed there did
not offer many opportunities, judging from the
nature of the country, for such an attempt.
A victory achieved under so many disadvantages,
though not productive of any immediate conse-
quences beyond the complete establishment of the
liberating army, cannot fail, when generally diffused
throughout, to be attended with very beneficial
consequences to the cause of freedom and jus-
tice. The people will learn, with satisfaction,
that Don PEDRO has not only landed on the
coast, but has been able to maintain himself on
the field of battle, and keep possession of the second
city in the kingdom. This will produce a moral
effect which all the arts and threats of the
Usurper, backed by priestcraft, cannot over-.
come. If Don PEDRO but be able to maintain
his position for another month, there is no fear
for the final triumph of the legitimate cause.
What the object of the Marquis PALMELLA'S
mission may be we cannot yet positively say,
but it is very probably to demand of this
country, now that a legitimate Government is
actually established in Portugal, the fulfilment of
treaties subsisting between both nations. That
England would not be justified to interfere so
long as the subject in dispute is merely between
rival members of the same family, however re-
bellious the conduct of one of them is,
we admit ; but a case, we suspect, has
arisen which justifies our interference, and
that is the secret, but determined assistance,
afforded by Spain to the cause of Don MIGUEL.
That assistance is just in kind and character si-
milar to that afforded by Prussia to Russia in
the Polish war—and latterly to Holland during
the invasion of Belgium. It is impossible for
France and England to shut their eyes to the
conduct of FERDINAND. His army on the
frontiers has only been deterred from moving in
a body to the assistance of MIGUEL, by the
threats of recrimination on the part of
England and France. But though FER-
DINAND hesitated in acting so boldly, there
can be little doubt that numbers of Spanish sol-
diers have secretly joined the forces of the
Usurper. Acting on the principle of self pre-
servation, FERDINAND must see that if Don
PEDRO succeeds in Portugal, the cause of con-
stitutional freedom cannot long be resisted i❑
Spain. Hence the vital sympathy between the
tyrant rulers.
For the full particulars of the conflict on the
223 and 23d, we refer to tile official account.
It appears that Don PEDRO was busily employed
in organising a volunteer force at Oporto, and was
preparing to detach a force to land on the
southern coast of Portugal. His complete
command of the coast gives him ample oppor-
tunities of harassing MIGUEL 's troop, and
keeping alive the spirit of the people. It is a
pity that he has not more means of transport--
a few steam-boats and a couple of thousand
cavalry would greatly facilitate his views.

The following are extracts from German and
Brazil Papers received this morning :--
ANCONA, JULY 22.—Yesterday the new Delegate,
Monsig. Grasellini, arrived at Osino, and General Cu-
bieres will go thither to-morrow to
pay him a visit. A

deputation from the municipality is gone thither to-day
for the same purpose. Some persons think that the Ge-
neral will concert with the prelate for the return of the
Delegation to Ancona.
Last Thursday several persons from Romagna left this
city for Ravenna with passports from the French General,
and letters to the Vice Consul ; the vessel arrived at Ri-
mini, but they were not allowed to land. The Austrian
and Papal authorities declared they were arrested till an
answer should come from the Vice Consul at Ravenna, to
whom information was sent. Many other persons from
Romagna intend to go to Corfu, hut few enlist in the
French foreign regiments. Here, as in Romagna, arrests
take place, but with the difference that here criminals are
pursued. Discontent prevails every where ; here, with the
French policy ; h the marches with the Austrian rigour ;
i❑ the remainder of the papal states with the arbitrary pro-
ceedings of the ecclesiastical authority. In the marches
the banditti are becoming formidable, and form themselves
into divisions of tens and hundred,.. A common soldier
receives 20 bajocchi per day, a decurion 50 ; the con-
tution serves without pay ; 60 bajocchi are granted him
from the Secretary's office or elsewhere.
Letters from Rome say, that the Government has raised a
large sum of money on the mortgage of the estates of the
chapter of St. Peter, and is in treaty for farming the cus-
toms, on which two millions are to be lent in advance.
It is said, that the 27th, 28th, and 29th of July will be
celebrated by the French garrison here. We enjoy entire
tranquillity.—Allgesneine Zeitung, July 31.
ST. PETERSBURGII, JULY 21.—Lord Durham arrived
here on Tuesday.
FRANKFORT, JULY 24.—A report, which has been
for some time in circulation, has become more general to-
day,—that 500 Austrian troops, from the garrison of
Mayence, are to he quartered (as it is alleged, for the pro-
tection of the Diet) in the great edifice called the German
House, which is time private property of the House of
Austria, and is situated in our suburb of Saclasenhausen.
SWITZERLAND IN JULY.—According to positive infor-
mation, the number of the Austrian troops, mostly Scla-
vonians and Hungarians, stationed about Bregniz, Feld-
kirsh, &c., is only 5,000 or 6,000 men, and these appear
so peaceably disposed towards Switzerland, that it has not
been thought necessary to place any troops on the frontiers.
In the general temper of the people, which daily manifests
itself in the most satisfactory manner, no reasonable man
in Switzerland thinks of being apprehensive of an attack
either from abroad or at home.
MUNICH, JULY 25.—Accounts from Tyrol speak of
the continued augmentation of the Austrian troops there.
Innspruck alone, the population of which is about 13,000,
has a garrison of 10,000 men.
STUTTGARDE, JULY 28.—The day before yesterday a
seizure was made in the booksellers' shops of the remaining
copies of Dr. Werth's pamphlets--'The National Festivals
of the Germans in Hambach." The seizure was made by
the Magistrate. on the authority of 8,3, 7,9, and 27 of
the Wurtemburg, on the freedom of the Press, of 30th
January, 1817.
A great many of our printers have lately been interrogated
by the police, on account of a printed protest against the
resolutions of the Diet of 28th July, and some printed ob-
servations upon the same resolutions, of both of which a great
number of copies seems to have been distributed : they are
said not to have given any information that can lead to a
discovery of the source from which they came. It is ex-
pected that an official communication will be shortly pub-
lished, for the purpose of removing the apprehensions
which have been generally excited by the late resolutions
of the Diet.

HAMBURG, AUG. 2. —The St. Petersburgh mail of 28th
July, which we have received by the steam-boat that has
anived at Traemunde, brings no interesting news.
CASSEL, JULY 29.—The birth-day of his Royal High-
ness the Elector was celebrated yesterday in this city
with feelings suitable to the day, and to the name of the
illustrious friends of the Constitution. The municipal
Council gave a grand entertainment, to which the Mem-
bers of the late Assembly of the States were invited, ex-
cept the Princes of the Electoral family, who were invited
to the Prince's table, and the Counts of Isenburg. The
health of the Elector, the august founder of the Constitu-
tion, was drunk with enthusiasm, as also the healths of the
Electoral Prince, co-regent, of the Eleetoress, and of the
Princess Caroline.

The Burgomaster, M. Schomburg, made an impressive
speech, in which he did full justice to the exertions of the
first Assembly of the Estates, since the founding of the Con•
stitution, which he commended, as not being a mere spe-
culative introduction, but founded cn the wants of the
country. The whole of the proceedings were conducted
with the greatest harmony.
liallovErt, AUG. I.—Our Gazette of to-day contains
the official promulgation of the resolution of the Diet of
July 5, 1532, with a command to all the subjects of the
kingdom to conform to them.
HAMBURG, AUG. 3.—BORSEN HALLE HALF-PAST
Two o'cLocx.—Wheat has been sold at reduced prices.
In Rye and other Grain very little business doing.
Wheat, Auhalt, white
red ll2 to 100

➢fagdcburgh
Hanks ll5 to 125

Mecklenburgh
Holstein, red
The new Prussian Loan of 12,000,000 rix-dollars was
already become an object of speculation here ; for ten
bonds, 50 Prussian dollars, 99 bonus is offered. Dis-
count 2.k per cent.

End of August.

Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per Cent 65.14
Anglo-Russian Loan
Hamburg-Russian Loan S6
Russian Inscription, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto, 1831
Polish Bonds IOS7
Austrian Bank Shares 1130
Ditto Metalliques
New Austrian 4 per Cents 76
—llanzburg Reporter.
RIO DE JA Ma°, MAY 19.—The Session of the Cham.
bore having been opened on the 2d of May, the Ministers
of Justice, of the Marine, of Foreign Affairs and Finance,
made their several reports of the state of their departments,
all of which are of great length, and fill the columns of
the Diario of the 19th of May. The report of the Mi-
nister of Finance alone (which is not concluded) fills 22
columns. . _

The Emperor Don Pedro 11. has been recognized by all
the European Powers, except Prussia and Holland, and in
Ancona, except by some States, unhappily agitated by civil
dissentious. . _

All the Powers had given the most satisfactory assur
antes of their friendship.—Diario do Governo, May 19,

The French Papers of Sunday contain no
news. Paris was tranquil.

The Irish Reform Bill was last night finally
agreed to, and will, probably, this day receive
the Royal Assent.

Lord ALTIIORP last night obtained leave to
bring in a Bill for extending the time of paying
the rates under the Reform Bill, from the 20th
of July to the 20th of August, and likewise to
make the tender of the rates sufficient, as he had
understood that the parish officers in some places
had refused to receive the rates. This is as it
should be.

The Mutine Packet has arrived from Rio
Janeiro with dates to the 21st of May, but let-
ters are in town of a later date. The exchange
had risen to 334 34. The commercial trans-
actions had been of a limited scale. Money had
become rather more plentiful, and discounts were
effected with greater facility. The exports in
March were 35,274 bags and barrels of coffee,
3,475 cases, 442 boxes and barrels, 775 bags of
sugar, and 32,707 hides.
In April 26, 508 bags and barrels of coffee,
1,974 cases, 825 boxes and barrels, 1,120 bags
of sugar, and 17,641. The prices of coffee had
declined from 4.300 to 3.800, but had after-
wards risen to 4.200 and 4.300 for superior, and
3.850 to 3.900 for good seconds. The sales
during May amounted to only 14,000 bags, and
the stock on hand on the 21st was 5,000 bags.
The continual rains which had prevailed for more
than a month,had prevented the new coffee from
coming into the market, and very little remained
of the old crop. The reports of the new crop
were rather unfavourable, promising one-third or
one-fourth less than last year. Sugar had been
very dull, and the price was almost nominal,
some trifling sales had been effected at 2.600
and 1.600, and 2.500 and Law. Muscovados
alone were in request at 1.700. The stock was
about 4,000 cases. Hides commanded little

attention; there were upwards of 50,000 on hand.
Cotton was nominal.
In the Funds the Stock had declined from
48 to 44, but had subsequently recovered to
451 46.

The statement of Lord PALMERSTON rela-
tive to the boundary of Greece, and the manner
in which the Government have acted on this
subject, will give satisfaction to every true friend
of that country. By the former treaty a great
part of Acarnania and 2Etolia was to be excluded
from Greece, the consequence of which was
that it would have required an army much
stronger than any the finances of the coun-
try could maintain, to guard against an attack
from the Turks, or any of the half-savage tribes
that inhabit ancient Thessaly and Macedonia.
By the new arrangement, Greece is placed in
greater security than the fondest wishes of the
people, but a few years ago, could have antici-
pated. From the skill of the inhabitants in mari-
time affairs, they have little fear of an attack
from their ancient masters by sea ; and now that
a northern boundary is secured, by ex-
tending the limits to the gulfs of Volo
and Arta, with the lofty range of Mount
Othrys as an intervening barrier, Greece
may be said to be more compact and isolated
than it has ever been in ancient or modern

[mes. Yet men who pretend great anxiety for the

liberty of that country, exclaim against the Go-
vernment for guaranteeing the payment of a few
thousands to obtain so desirable an object. The
objections of the Hon. Member for Middlesex to
the measure seem to be founded on the
purest spirit of contradiction, without the least
chance of effecting any good. Mr. HuME was
a great friend of the Greeks some years ago, and
even became a subscriber to the loan, well know-

ing that money is the sinews of freedom, as well
as of war, and that without a generous public
came to their support, they could not have
emerged from Turkish slavery ; yet the same
Honourable Member, who gave his own money
so liberally in 1824, now grudges a small loan
out of the public purse to complete the in-
dependence of the people. Suppose this
country had not at all interfered on behalf
of Greece, and had acted on the strictest prin-
ciple of non-interference advocated by the Mem-
ber for Worcester, would there have been the
slightest chance of the Greek people remaining

free ? Both these llon. Members, notwithstand-
ing all their lectures on economy, would answer
in the negative. No man, indeed, can deny
that but for the interference of England and
France, Greece would at this moment be
either a fief of Russia, or under the
Turkish yoke. Yet these patriotic friends
of liberty, penny wise and pound foolish,
would refuse the Government a small grant, not

only to secure the freedom of Greece, but to save
this country vast sums of money in case of a
war with Russia. The refusal of LEOPOLD has
on the whole been beneficial to Greece, and
though it would have been most desirable to
place some person of mature years and ability
over such a people, yet seeing the difficulty of
finding such a Prince totally unconnected with
the Great Powers, but little blame can
be attached to the Government on that ac-
count. The extension of the boundary ought to
cover a multitude of other defects; and after the
great sacrifices Turkey has made, and the state of
helplessness to which she has been reduced by
external and internal foes, it would have been
the height of injustice and cruelty to have de-
manded another sacrifice, without compensation.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.
