51 EX IC 0.

We have received, by way of Havannah, Ga-
zettes and letters from Vera Cruz to the 29th of
July. The city of Mexico has been the scene of
a transaction similar to that which took place at
Lima in January last, when the Viceroy, Pc-
zuela, was deposed from his high office. Apoda-
ca, Conde del Venadito, the Viceroy of Mexico,
has long been considered by the Spanish Govern-
ment, unfit for a trust of such importance, at a
period when the utmost firmness and wisdom
were requisite to preserve that valuable colony
to Spain ; and O'Donoju, the successor they had
appointed, had, by the last accounts, passed Ha-
vannah, in his way to Mexico. But Apodaca,
in the mean time, became still more unpopular
with those under his command than with those
to whose control he was subjected : and the offi-
cers of his own army at length determined on
becoming the instrument of his deposition. A
meeting of the principal officers was held, and
after a very short deliberation, an intimation was
conveyed to the Viceroy, that he could no longer
be permitted to hold the reins of power. They
also named as his successor the Camp Marshal
Don Francisco Novella, an officer of highly po-
pular manners, and beloved by the army, attach-
ed to the cause of Spain, and a strong advocate
for the adherence of Mexico to that country.—
This bold measure was planned with so much
prudence, that Apodaca had no resources left to
counterwork it, and saw that resistance was vain.
Ile, therefore, on the sth of July, resigned his
office, stipulating only for a passport for Spain,
with attentions suitable to the high rank he had
held. Ile issued on that occasion the following
proclamation :

" I surrender the military and political command of these
kingdoms, in consequence of a respectful petition presented to
me by the officers and troops of the expedition, for the better
service of the nation, into the hands of the Camp Marshal Don
Francisco Novella. In this case, the petitioning officers assure
to me the safety of my person and family, and the maintenance
of the troop of marines and dragoons under my command ; and
that, besides, a suitable escort shall be provided'fo: me, and

paszports given by the new Governor to proceed to Vera Cruz,
on my way to Spain ; I leaving with Senor Novella all power
and authority for the preservation of public tranquillity. This
surrender -is understood to be made with the concurrence of all
the Authorities, Ecclesiastical, Civil, and Military, of this
Kingdom.
" Mexico, July 5. " CONDB DEL VENADITO."
The following Proclamation was issued by the
new Viceroy :
" Chiefs, Officers, and SOldiers !

" The General in whom you have placed your confidence
addresses you. The occasion is dangerous. The circumstances
in which we are placed are critical ; but the remedy is to be
found in our sentiments of loyalty and patriotism. The pre-
sent Moment, I repeat, is one of danger ; for our enemies are
employing every means to divide us, when we ought to be mos 2
united. All wish for the public good, and a successful result
to our operations ; but artifice and perfidy seek to make them
appear unfavourable, in order to disconcert us. This evil must
be removed by operating with energy, activity, and by shut-
ting your ears against every kind of improper conversation.
The sound of arms ought to claim your sole attention ; and the
voice of your Chiefs in the field of honour ought alone to be
listened to. Brave veterans, faithful citizens, whose loyalty has
been proved by eleven years of constancy and hardship ; de-
fenders of the integrity of the Spains, display that glorious
union which is the precursor of victory. Ah ! how much
does your companion in arms long to see you crowned with
laurels. - • " NOVELLA."
" Nierzico, July 8."

The Papers from Vera Cruz also contain some
particulars of an unsuccessful attack on that city
by a portion of the Tudependent force under the
command of Santa-Ana. He had preNiously
issued from his head-quarters the following Pro-
clamation :

" To the European Inhabitants of Vera Cruz, and all per-
sons who oppose the Independence of America.
" The country has placed in my hands part of the force des-''
tined for the recovery of her liberty and independence, and for
fixing her destiny and rank among nations. I am authorized
to take possession of this city, in which I first drew breath—a
circumstance which imposes on me the duty of treating it with
particular consideration.
" On occupying the town of Jalapa, I sent you a packet of
public correspondence, which had for its object to establish our
ancient relations of commerce, and to render the evils of war in
some measure compatible with the abundance and comforts of
peace. I hoped that this obliging conduct would have gained
your approbation, and convinced you of my pacific intentions ;
but on the contrary, and against all expectation, you sent back
the courier without opening the packet, and some persons even
grossly insulted him. The facility I have given to the intro-
duction of provisionS and the silver necessa.: for your corn-
merce, has not been sufficient co command a return of kindness.
You have regarded this generosity as the ofEspring of fear, to
which lam a stranger. You have besides insulted many wor-
thy Americans, and even Europeans, who are reported to be at-
tached
to the cause of independence,_ have driven them from
their homes, and compelled them to abandon their families and
their property. Your violence has proceeded so far as to pro-
pose plans to the Ayuntamiento for the destruction of that con-
stitution to which you were the first to swear, and which you
proclaimed with the greatest joy. This casts eternal disgrace
on 142 individuals who signed a petition for so iniquitous a pro-
posal.
" Your hostile measures against the good cause have corres-
ponded with your other proceedings. You have levied the na-
tional militia, imagining thereby to he aide to resist us, and to
secure the triumph of tyranny. The
.good Veracruzats have
deplored in silence your absurdity, and now lament the dangers
which impend over your unfortunate city. Without considera-
tion or foresight, and thinking only of the operation of the mo-
ment, you have not reflected that seven millions of Americans
have resolved to die or to be independent ; that on their side is
the moral force of opinion, and also the physical force of or-
ganized armies ; that the justice of our cause is obvious to the
rudest Indian and the poorest peasant in our camp; that it has
with it the wishes, of civilized Europe, as well as the United
States of America; that our brethren of the South and Terra
Firma are already free ; and, finally, that Heaven is at length
wearied of three centuries of crimes, slavery, and death. In
vain do you direct your dying looks to old and unhappy Spain.
In her bosom is fermenting a revolution as formidable as that
which for 25 years raged in .reance, and which is causing pow-
erful armies to march from the north; which,-if they have time
for occupying the Pyrennes, to stem this torrent of Parthians
and Goths, certainly will not permit the succours you solicit to
reach you. The superior clergy, the nobility, the military and
civil officers, are all lacerating the bowels of your mother coun-
try, which the torch of discord inflames, while the inexorable
sword of hatred immolates the most illustrious victims: An
this' is flee work of Providence, whose high designs respecting
long oppressed America, are thus to be accomplished. Know
then, 0 obstinate men ! that ours is Heaven's cause, and that
vain will be all your efforts against it.
" There is still time for you to look to yourselves and your
true interests. In the name of the nation to which I belong, I
offer you peace, tranquillity, the enjoyment of your property,
cordial fraternity, and every thing calculated to promote your
felicity. But lat the same time declare, that if from obstinacy
you contend with our forces, you will have to sustain all the
horrors of war, for which you will not have me to blame.—
Choose, then, between these alternatives. In the mean time,
take care that you do pot destroy a single house, or the most
miserable cottage, of the suburbs and environs of this city ; for
know, that if you do, your property (which will become the
- - -
just prize of. my army) shat be responsible, and out of it full
compensation shall be made for ail loss sustained by your
violence.

" Camp before Vera Cruz, June 47.
(Signed) " ANTONIO LOPEZ SANTA-ANA."

On advancing towards Vera Cruz, he sent to
General Davila, who commanded the garrison,
the following summons to surrender :

" The Imperial flag now waves over an advantageous point
of your city, and I am preparing to batter the walls.
" The idea of its destruction, cr of the slightest misfortune
befalling it, fills my heart with extreme anguish, for it is my
birth-place, arid recalls the pleasing recollection of my infancy
and my family. It is in your power to deliver it ; and you are
capable of calculating the state of its force, physical and moral,
in order to judge what may be the consequence of resistance.--:
I shall be satisfied with such conditions, suitable and respectful
to the nation, as you and the Ayuntamiento may propose ; and
I shall concede to as great an extent as possible that clemency
which distinguishes the Ame: ican people, and which has not fur
its object the vexation and ruin of Europeans, but the preserva-
tion of their persons, families, and property, and to'render them
as far as possible happy amongst us ; not indeed as our masters,
but as friends and brothers.

The bearer of this letter is, in conveying it, under the pro-
tection of the law of nations. The virtue ,of your Excellency,

[Extract of a Letter from Havarmail, Aug. 10.]

" Two of the transports from St. Augustine,
which parted company from the convoy, are not
yet arrived. A Spanish sloop of war arrived here
on the Bth inst. with a %choomr which she 'had
captured off Bocca Chinca, having detected her
in supplying the enemy under English colours.
We are informed from Aguadilla, that on the
10th July a general panic took place among the
inhabitants of that place, by the appearance i❑
the offing of nine sail of vessels, which they took
for Patriot cruizers. All the females fled to the
mountains, and the garrison was called out to
prepare for a vigorous resistance, when at length
their apprehensions were allayed, by ascertain-
ing that they were Spanish merchantmen under
convoy of a frigate. Ten transports have sailed
from here a few days since with troops for Vera
Cruz."

We have before expressed our reluctance to
comment on the case of Sir ROBERT WILSON,
because we do not conceive that sufficient grounds
have been submitted to the public to enable us
to judge of the justice or injustice of his dismis-
sion, and because we consider such disrnission as
