in a similar manner in every such instance. Such
wen-, the topies and measures refmred to in the Speech, and
upon that Speech an amendment had been moved. In that
amendment no principle was to be found—it alluded but to
the abolition of slavery, the amendment of the representation,
the Church, and the Corporation questions. Was it not evi-
dent that in this amendment those opposed to the present Go-
vernment did not enforce any one opinion which prevailed
amongst themselves ? Why had they not inserted the ballot ?
Why had they not inserted the repeal of the Septennial Act ?
Why had they not inserted the repeal of the Union ?—( Hear,
and cheers.) Why, because upon all those measures which had
occupied the public attention since the Reform Bill, perhaps not
one of them would express an unanimity of sentiment—( Hear. )
The time of their union was gone by, and it was in vain for
them now to seek to recall it—( Hear and Cheers.) But then
in these amendments they did not call for a settlement of the
tithe question ; but they said that the Church disturbed the
peace of Ireland—( Hear.) They did not speculate upon its
temporalities ; but they implied that, with the great reductions
that had been made, it still disturbed the country—( Hear,
hear.) He said that that great question could not be dis-
posed of in a summary manner—( Hear, hear.) Let them
discuss the matter fairly, and not involve the public by vague
and general statements. It was on accennt of the intention
of the resolution that he declared that if he should be left
in the minority (without arrogating to himself a tone of defi-
ance), but with that calmness which attended the conviction of
conscientious and upright intentions, he would not accede to
the amendment. He could not do so without believing that the
intention was to throw some degradation upon the Govern-
ment. He was conscious of the arduous duty which he had
undertaken—he knew what the consequences must be. He
feared the impossibility of constituting a Government which
could have greater claims to confidence than that which now
existed. He saw not how they could get rid of the difficulty
when a difference in principle remained as to the Church
Establishment in Ireland. It would be impracticable to re-
constitute the Government of Earl Grey. It was to be pre-
sumed that no Government could be now formed that did not
include a selection from those parties, who were now acting in
concert together, and were opposed to the present Govern-
ment. The Honourable and Learned Gentleman, the Mem-
ber for Dublin, was perhaps surprised that the Repeal of the
Union was not connected with other topics. The Hon. and
Learned Gentleman had repeatedly declared that no consi-
deration on earth could induce him to enter into the service
of the Crown while the Repeal of the Union remained un-
settled. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman had declared
that two-thirds of the Cabinet must coincide with him. Now,
if a Government were formed upon the basis of excluding Earl
Grey and Lord Melbourne, he doubted whether it would be
more unexceptionable. He did believe that such a Govern-
ment would not have the support of the public, so as to enable
it to conduct the public affairs. They could not set at de-
fiance, depend upon it, the opinions and feelings of those who
were arrayed in hostility against them. They might overbear
them if they resorted to physical force. If they did this they
might succeed for a time by enlisting against the wealth and
rank of the community—they must prevail. But they who did
this must be the first to fall. He felt, therefore, that it would
be his duty, as a public man, to stand by the trust which had
been reposed in him.—(Loud cheers.) He trusted that the
House would allow those measures •to which he had referred

to be brought before them—that still they wonld receive the
attempt he should make in reference to tithe commutation—
the tithe question in Ireland—the reform in Ecclesiastical
Courts, and in many other branches. He had attempted, and
he believed he might say with success, to achieve the removal
of the Dissenters' disabilities in professional pursuits—he
offered to the country the blessings of continued peace. He
hoped all this would be carried into effect in concert with the
authority of the House of Commons, and if there were any
advantage in his position, might hope to restore the good feel-
ing of both Houses of Parliament. They might possibly
overcome him—other prospects might open—they might
coalesce with men of extreme opinions—because, if he were
not greatly mistaken, the time might shortly come when the
popular exultation at the success of certain parties would
abate ; and he knew of no help left in such case, but that of
leaving the Government to those who were enabled to march
on soberly--who would consider such measures as should meet
with concurrence, yielding in no respect to the authority of
the House of Lords, but receiving from it its willing concur-
rence to those measures; and otherwise, he would say, they
would have rothing to do but to surrender the Government to
other hands, or they must resort to compulsion and violence,
thereby makine• their reforms inefficient, and sealinc, the fate
of the British Consetution.—(The Right Hon. Baronet sat
down amidst loud cheering.)
Lord J. RUSSELL rose to address the House, but the.
confusion arising from Members leaving the House, and cries
of " Adjourn !" was so great, that the questions which the
Noble Lord begged to put to the Right 'Hon. Baronet ( Sir
Robert Peel) were not audible.
Sir ROBERT PEEL, in reply, was understood to state
with respect to the first question put by the Noble Lord, that
he had immediately, on taking office, applied himself to the
removal of Dissenters' grievances regarding marriages, as well
as to their professional pursuits in law and medicine ; secondly,
as to the marriage and registration of Dissenters, it had not
been thought prudent to postpone relief in regard to the cele-
bration of the marriage ceremony, &c., until a mode of regis-
tration should be adopted ; thirdly, as to tithes in Ireland, a
measure would be shortly brought in for the final adjustment
of that question ; fourthly, the measure for a commutation of
tithes in England would be introduced in a few days; fifthly,
with regard to the progress made by the Commission for pub-
lic instruction in Ireland, the one half of the inquiries were
complete, and when all the information was obtained it would
be laid on the table.
Mr. GISBORNE was understood to inquire. whether, in
reference to Dissenters, Inns of Court could admit them with-
out an Act of Parliament ?
Sir R. PEEL believed that the College of Physicians and
Inns of Court could do this without an Act of Parliament.
The debate was then adjourned to this day ; and the House
adjourned at Half-past One.
