CITY OF LONDON TAVERN.

DISMISSAL OF SIR ROBERT WILSON FROM THE
ARMY.
Yesterday a meeting was held at the above
Tavern, to consider the propriety of a subscrip-
tion to indemnify Sir R. Wit.soN for his losses,
occasioned by his dismissal from the Army.—
The great room -was crowded before the appoint-
ed hourarrived.'
At one o'clock, Mr. Lambton, M.P., the lion. H. G. Bennet;
14-P., the lion. W. J. F. V. Powlett, M.P., Mr. Ellice, 11,1. P.,
Mr. Hume, M.P. and Dr. Lushington M.P., Mr. Whitbread,
ikl•P., General L'ong, Mr. Barnet, Mr. Abraham Robarts,
Mr. Monk tended b (Readingi Mr. Martineau, entered the room, at-
y Mr. Fayeif, Mr. Rowcroft, Mr. Weatherstone, &c.
Mr. FAVELL proposed that Mr.. LAMWrON
should take the Chair.--This motion was carried
with loud applause.
Mr. LAMBTON said he felt it a most sacred
tuct imperious ,dnty- to' attend that meeting on
the invitation of the respectable gentlemen who
composed the Committee ; and he assured The
Meeting, that no feeling of personal inconveni-
ence should ever weigh with him when called
upon to support the cause of justice, and to at-
tend to the wishes of such an enlightened portion
of the 'inhabitants of this great metropolis.=
(APPlause.)—Before he entered more particu-
larly into the business which brought them to-
gether, he felt it necessary to explain the line of
Conduct pursued by him in promoting the present
susubscription. He had, when he first sent in his
bscription, concealed his name—not from any
disinclinationi to have it
made' known to the peo-
Pie of England in the usual plain and open way,
but beCause, as the intimate private friend of Sir
It. 'Wilson, he did not wish to put himself for-
ward, being
anxious that the whole proceeding
should originate with his (Sir R. Wilson's) con-
stituents. He was certainly. most anxious to ex-
press his abhorrence of an act of such atrocious
baseness,
yet he did not feel himself warranted
incalling upon the people of England to follow
the example laid down by him. Those, and
those alone, were the feelings by which he was
actuated in concealing his name in the first in,
stauce, and he felt it the more indispensably ne-
es.sarY that he should attend that meeting, in
girder to
explain to his countrymen the motives
hawhich he had been influenced in
,acting as he
t, done. 11---
Lie begged to state, that this was not
Icause of an individual—it was not the cause
lStr Robert Wilson—but a great national cause..
:4 if once the precedent was laid down—if
it 'was established that an armed soldiery
t ere to be employed to over-awe the people, and
c; act blindly and implicitly at the nod of Mini-
liie,„rs!, then there was an end at once our
to -r"--7--(Loud cheers.)---If Englishmen were
Y Bar that the only .qualifications' neces-
still
z 9 told
"ter a profession formerly, and he hoped
_erv.cence oroposee
(3_
Gentlemen, were a blind sub-
:ur to
render of the will of Ministers, and a total
hell
he
all political feelings and opinions,
boasted la w°old say that this was no longer the
But rid of liberty and, of law—(Applause.)
he h
..oped that even amongst the blindest
,'',PPorters of
Ministers, even among the most
luvlptted
'':°ries, there would, still be found. men
ann° would Prevent their.sons from wearing such
av°wed .badge of servitude--from wearing, in
ifet, the livery of Ministers.—(llear, hear !)
,re had been at some pains to discover the
°nuds upon which Ministers had dismissed Sir.
atso.-Nirilson. Ile had sought ,to find out the rea-
,, Why they did so.—(A person from the crowd,
1, " can assign no reason for it.")—Mr.
arnY. bton continued—He agreed with the Gen-
tietuan who spoke from the body of the room,
c at
°0 good reason could be assigned for such
Itn,nduct. He was the intimate friend of Sir R.
llson he knew his every action ; nay, he would
tv. ature to say, that he knew almost his every
pie nought on that day and he (Mr. Lambton)
;IL d 'get! his honour and character to the country,
the allegations against his Hon. Friend
a tissue of false and unfounded calum-
tha es.----(Cheers.)—He pledged himself that on
acre awful-loth of August, his Gallant Friend
save de not only as a man of humanity, anxious to
ina the blood of his fellow-citizens, but in a
h. ''ner Worthy of that brave army of which he
trnso,
formed so conspicuOus a part.—(Hear !)
lie rm •
L.) knew that there were even among the
he
wl.trates who attended on that occasion, (and
to thiesilfed he could summon and examine them as
Isii;act3) some who would admit that to Sir
'was ,;s°/1 it was owing that so Much order
ow. l'l'eserved on that day—that to him it was
nwing that more lives had not been lost, and
hre hhaod shed on that fatal and disgraceful day,
u , two innocent men were foully murdered
ot, t„ue face of their country.--(Cheers, and cries
"° shame, shame !")—ln the absence of all good
re,llllds. for the dismissal of Sir Robert Wilson,
3," them look to the. real motives by which Mini-
ers
ere actuated. Sir Robert Wilson; though
at
soldier of distinction, had been long known to
Support the principles of war, not for the aggran-
e.,""nent of Mona.rchs, but inasmuch as it defend-
tactandprotected the civil rights of the people ;
ad been ever ready to stand forward to pro-
, the injured from the arm of oppression;
e.refore it 'was_ that he became obnoxious to
Misters. Ile espoused the cause of an injured
um
helpless woman, who had been persecuted
disgrace
in a manner which would bring
......2.ace.4on them down to the latest posterity.
01( heers.)--He begged the Meeting to observe
Iv! slow arid gradual, but certain progress which
s*e'7e makiog towards a military despotism.
tiaur soldiers. were shut' up in inland fortresses ;
their Were excluded from all intercourse with
tenr 'fellow-citizens ; they were taught to believe
they
their 'duties and interests were different;
"eY were taught to neglect, not only all con- -

stitutional,-but, he would add, all moral feeling.
In support of this he had only to refer to what
occurred at the Westminster Sessions a few days
since. On that occasion the Chairman observed,
that one half of the persons tried before him were
soldiers, and expressed his regret at finding that
those who were supported in idleness and profu-
sion by the public, should be the first to turn
upon the people and disturb the public peace.—
(Hear, hear!)—When the soldierS acted with
-vigour they were praised. When they attacked
and cut down an unarmed multitude (as in the
case of the, Manchester massacre), they were
thanked.—(Cheers, and cries of" shame !")—But
wilen an.oflicer of high rank, and still higher
character, interfered to allay irritation—to pre-
vent bloodshed—to save the lives of his fellow
citizens, he .was instantly removed, and that,,

too, in the most summary manner, because
he was supposed to be at the mercy of Mini-
sters.—(Applause.)—Where was there, even in
the Spanish Inquisition, such an instance of
the exercise of such arbitrary power ? Was
there to be found, even among the petty despots
of the German States, such a confiscation of the
property of a private individual ?—(applause)--
Was it not monstrous to find that such acts as this
should be advised by the COuncillors of a Sove-
reign ? It would be surprisinc, to find such things
done, were it not recollected that they were the
acts of men who had employed an Edwards, a
Castles, and an Oliver—that they were the acts of
men who had dismissed Earl Fitzwilliam-•.-who

had praised and thanked the Manchester Magis-
trates for cutting down the people, with as little
cause as they now dismissed Sir Robert Wilson
'for conduct the very reverse—(cheers).--He had
before said that it was the cause, not of an indivi-
dual, but of the nation ; yet it might not be im-
material to inquire, who the person was through
whose breast an attempt was made to inflict a
wound on the Constitution. Sir Robert Wilson

was an officer who had served in the army during
29 years. He had purchased every commis-
sion except the first—(Hear, hear !)—He had
served in the north, the south, the east and the
west. He had signali7.ed himself in Europe, in
Africa, in Asia--in Portugal, in Spain, in Flan-
ders, in Holland, in Germany, in Russia, in
Egypt, in Italy, in short, in almost every part of
Europe. He it was who raised and disciplined
the Lusitanian Legion ; a force which was the
origin of that Power by which the French were
driven beyond the Pyrenees. He (Mi. Lamb-
ton) had seen letters from the Commander-in-
Chief in Spain, and from other high authorities,
in which it was acknowledged the native forces
had been the means of doing all which had been
done. From that command Sir Robert Wilson
had been removed by the basest and meanest jea-
lousy—(Hear, hear!)--His Gallant Friend, how-
ever, did 'not allow this to interfere with his pub-
lic duty, but instantly offered to serve at a
greater distance, where he supposed those pas-
sions would no't reach him. In every in-
stance where he served he was to be found

in 'front, except on a retreat—(Cheers•)—llis
courage was great, but his humanity was equal
to it. So great were the services which he
rendered on the Continent, that the Emperor of
Russia, at the head of his army, honoured him
with the Order of St. George. He had re-
ceived many honours for his services, but
among the profttsion of stars which glittered on
his breast, not one had been conferred by the
hand of Great Britain.—(Cheers, and cries of
" shame!")—Were they not to look round for
the cause of this neglect—a neglect the more ob-
vious, from the Order Of the Bath having been
so liberally distributed on all sides. That cause
might be found in the declaration made by the
Emperor of Russia to Sir R. Wilson at Frank-
fort, where he said, " You have told me the real
truth."—(Cheers.)—lt appeared that the real
truth was no cause of disapprobation with this
Monarch, falsely called baibarian, though it was
language unfitted for the ears of our Ministers.—
(Rear, hear!)—lt was well known that his Gal-
lant Friend had too often told Ministers the

truth, both in the camp and the Senate, to be on
a friendly footing with them. On the contrary,
he (Sir R. Wilson) had lung been marked out as
a victim to be immolated at the shrine of Minis-
terial oppression.—(Loud cheers.)—le need not
refer to the gallant and generous conduct of his
Hon. Friend towards Lavalette—(Cheers)—a
transaction which he was sure was at this mo-
ment as much a source of pleasure to the King
of France, as it was at the time a matter of
praise and exultation to the whole world, to
whom it was known. It was the gallant action
of a brave and generous soldier, and, combined
with the other services which he had enumerated,
rendered his Hon. Friend a man not to he tie-
serted by the people.—(Loud cheering.)—A blow
had been struck—the hand of power was still
uplifted ; but if he (Mr. Lambton) knew the
people of England aright, he was sure that they
would not desert one of their best and bravest
sons—one of the most sincere and zealous de-
fenders of their rights and liberties.—(Loud ap-
plause.)—He had stated thus much before the
moving of the Resolutions ; he did not wish to
enter more into detail on the circumstances of
that fatal day—

A PERSON from the crowd—They speak for
.hemselves.—(Hisses.)

Mr. LAMBTON said, that as this was a public
Meeting, every man had a right to express his
feelings, even'thoneh it was against the usual
order. Tie agreed with the gentleman who spoke
from the middle of the room, that those acts did
speak for themselves, and he trusted the day
was not far distant when a ParliaMentary in-
quiry would be initituted, and that even though

, justice should not be done (of which he despaired
very much,) still that such a record of the cir-
cumstances would be entered as would be an
eternal disgrace to the Ministers of the present
day.—(Loud cheers.)—He had now to request
that the gentlemen who were to move the Reso-
lutions, would address the assembly, and he•
hoped the meeting would be as remarkable for its
order, as it appeared to be for its respectability.
—[The Honourable Gentleman sat down amidst
loud cheering.]
Mr. FAVELL rose to prop3se the Resolutions.
The excellent and constitutional address of their
Hon. Chairman had rendered his (Mr. Favell's)
task a very easy one. He was obliged in can-
dour to observe, that it was only two hours since
he had been asked to d• himself the honour of
secondins, the Resolutions. He felt, however,
as an olScitizen, that this meeting was worthy
of the honour and character of the first city in
the world.—(Hear, hear !)—He felt also, as an
Elector of Southwark, much interested i❑ what
concerned its representative. He felt much
pleasure at finding this cause in such great and
honourable hands as those of the house of Bed-
ford, and those gentlemen whom he saw present
on that occasion. - They supported the cause of
the people, and were worthy of the people's sup-
port. He had much pride in recedlecting that
when their Hon. Chairman, then a very young,
man, had given promise of such zeal in sup-
port of the Constitution, he (Mr. Favell) had
the honour of co-operating with his father in pro-
moting and supporting the people's rights. Their
Worthy Chairman had so exhausted the subject,
that, little was left for him to say. Much as he
respected Sir R. Wilson, he must say that this
was not so much his cause as the cause of the
people ; or, in other words, the cause -of the
British Army ; for where could they -expect
to find honourable and independent Officers,
where could they look for such high and
generous characters as those who performed such
feats on the Continent, if it was- found that they
must become tools and sycophants on ,their
return home ?—(Applause.)—This would be
equivalent to saying to every officer who held a
seat in Parliament, " Yon must vote with, and
support Ministers, or we will do our utmost to
disgrace and destroy you." The people ought
to be alive to this great question, as nothing was
of more importance to their rights and liberties.
Should it go forth to the Sovereigns of Europe
that the man whom they had honoured and re-
marded, had been degraded by Government, and ,
deserted by the people of this country ? No ;if
it did, they would no longer call us Great Bri-

tail, but Little Britain. We, should no longer
be considered as the magnanimous descendants
of those heroes who obtained Magna Charta, and
who brought about the glorious Revolution of
1688—(Hear, hear!)—He would not now enter
more largely into this subject, as their Hon. Chai-
rman had pledged himself to a Parliamentary In-
quiry into the subject. But he could not help
expressing his regret at the attempts made to de-
grade the British soldier into a police officer.—
This was one of those sad symptoms which
shewed that unless the people were feelingly
alive to their interests, the spirit of the Constitu-
tion would be endangered. The sad results of

the proceedings ou the 14th of August were ow-
ing to some petty advice given to prevent the
Lord Mayor and Corporation of the City of Lon-
don from paying those last honours which they
conceived due to the remains of an hijured Queen.
He need not say more upon this subject, as the
Meeting would be addressed by the Hon. Gen-
tleman who ought to have moved the Resolu-
tions, which honour was conferred on him as an
old citizen. It would- be sufficient for him to

inform the Meeting, that the Gentleman to whom
he alluded was the Hon. H.G. Bennet—(Cheers.)
He concluded by reading the following Resolu-

tons

L° That the Dismissal'of Sir Robert Wilson from the: army,
without inquiry, trial, or even the statement of any charge
against him, is a wanton act of arbitrary power, under the plea
of prerogative ; a daring inroad on the.principles of the Consti-
tution ; and a cruel injustice to a brave, humane, and merito-
rious officer ; whose distinguished services to this country and
her allies have been repeatedly and solemnly recognized by
every power in Europe.
• " That this Meeting,. as friends of public liberty and the
Constitution of their country, as .established at the •Revolu-
tion, Willingly embrace this opportunity of avowing their dis-
approbation of any Administration.maintaining a large stand-
ing army in time of peace, and endeavouring
.to make 'its
Officers the mere creatures of the Minister'for the time being.
" That this Meeting views, with great satisfaction, the manly
and liberal mariner in which so niany of the best and truest
supporters Of the liberties of the country have come forward to
unite with their fellow-citizens, in marking their indignation at
such an attempt, as equally dangerous to the Constitution, and
degrading to toe Army, threatening the one with subversion,
by a military force, and depriving the other •of the noblest
birthright of Englishmen-that of freely discussing the mea-
sures of the Government under which they live."
" That the Subscription sat on font by Sir Robert Wilson's
constituents shall have the • best support of this Meeting, it
having for its object to protect Sir Robert 'Wilson against the
effects of Ministerial vengeance, and to slim to the world, that
as often as the advisers of the Crown shall contrive the means
of oPpressing those public men who support the cause of the
people, the people will stand forward to frustrate alt such un-
worthy attempts."
" That the whole of the subscription, already raised and to
be raised, shall be vested in five Trustees, to be by them dis-
posed of in the way most beneficial to
.Sir Robert Wilson and
his family."

. The Hon. H. G. BENNET then rose to Second
the Resolutions, and - was received with the
warmest gratulations by the whole assembly.—
He said he was conscious that he had little claim
to the attention, andd-itideed had very little right
to be there at all, as the meeting was one com-
posed of the inhabitants of a city of which he was
not a resident ; but he came upon the invitation
of the Committee'to meet his fellow-countrymen,
and however small the claims he might have to
be heard on his own account, yet having known
for a long period of his life the Gallant Officer,
who had just met with such treatment from the
Ministers of the crown, as that which had been

the ground of their assembling on The present oc-
casion, he was anxious to support, by his limited
means, by his opinion and his purse, the prin-
ciple which had been violated in the, person of
that Gentleman, and to shew his sense of the
robbery and injustice which had deprived him of
his property, and attempted to ruin his character.
—(loud cheers.)—lt was now about 27 years
silica, being himself in the army, he had the hap-
piness of becoming acquainted with that excel-
lent Officer. He was an eye-witness of that
early triumph of his which did him so much
credit, when he rescued, or rather prevented the
Emperor of Germany from being taken by the
enemy, on which occasion he received at his
hands .the first honour and first medal that he
.hestowed on an English 0 fficer.—(Applause.)—
He could state this with pleasure and pride, but
he regretted to be obliged to say, that his-
feiend's merits and successes had obtained for
him honours and rewards in every country but
his own.—(llear, hear! and cries of" Shame !")
—He had, indeed, met with some honours in
England, but they were not from the Govern-
ment, but from the people.—(Cheers.)=The
people of Southwark had elected him as their
Representative. They had looked to civilians
and to the army, and they found him to
be one whom They must admire as a distin-
guished leader, renowned for talent and cha-
racter, and covered with honours, and whom
they knew to possess the principles and the
heart of an Englishman.—(Loud applause.)—
He (Mr. Bennet) had sat night after night
beside him in his place in Par.liament, and, with
the exception of a single vote, had agreed with
him in every instance, and received the uniform
impression from his conduct that he was a friend
to the people.--(Applause.)—He took that de-
cisive and honourable part which was worthy of
the cause and the advocate of the people, but
had not found in his adversaries the sense of jus-
tice and honour upon which he acted. He (Mr.
Bennet) told him, when he stood forward to in-
terpose between the injured Queen and her op-
pressors, that he was heaping coals of fire on his
own head, that he was exciting a spirit of ma-
lignity which would never cool, and raising a
storm which was not to be laid. But lie knew
that there was but one line for an honest man to

take, and he took it—(cheers); the conse-
quences were such as he (Mr. B.) need not far-
ther explain. He was not to be dissuaded from
paying the last honours to the remains of an in-
jured and insulted woman ; he had stood by her
in her misfortunes with the honesty of a patriot,
and the chivalry of a soldier, and in the same
spirit he followed her to the grave.—(Loud ap-
probation.)—He (Mr. B.) joined him in that
mournful procession, and though he was not him-
self as active in his humanity as his Honourable
Friend, who put himself in the front of the battle
to stay the effusion of blood, he could say, from
his own knowledge, that he did no more than

his duty.—(Applause).—Government had not
put forth their case, although one of their agents
had promised. it ; but the fact eras, they had no
case to spew. They might, indeed, have some such
tale as that which had been deposed to before a
Police Magistrate—they might haVe affidavits,
such as had been made before Sir R. Bernie, and
which all knew to -be false, but which went near
depriving an honest man of his bread and his
license.—(Cries of " Shame !"). No doubt the
police offices were crowded with such affidavits,
but it was evident that Ministers themselves did
not believe them, as they struck the blow before
they heard the evidence.—(Cheers.)—They had
punished Sir R. Wilson, he would not say on
anonymous evidence, bnt certainly on evidence
the next to anonymous, as they dared not bring

t before the public, which step they were bound
:o take on every principle of justice. The vic-

tim of their oppression was a soldier, covered
with honours, of character untouched and unsul-
lied--one shorn Providence, in its wisdom, had
not made rich, who had little but the profession
in which he • ted his property, and who was by
this act turned out of his profession, and robbed
of his property.—(Loud cheering.)—And in
whose cause did that happen ? Was it in Ids own ?
No, it was in that of the people :—(Acclamation)

it was the cause of the hundreds and thousands
who might have perished like the unfortunate
men Honey and Francis,—(Hear, hear,)—w hen
the military, losing all control, tired on the
people, and he interfered to check the soldiers, to
shew them the duty which they owed to their
commanders and their country, with the honest
and glorious object of preventing the wanton waste
of innocent blood. If any one doubted that
his punishment arose from his
_having checked
the abuse of military power, let him couple it
with another act that would give it a complete
explanation ; he meant the dismissal of Sir R.
Baker, that Magistrate, who, it might be fairly
stated, had been deprived of oflice, because he
would not carry the funeral of the Queen over
the dead bodies of his countrymen.—(Repeated

cheering.)—Now, there was but one part for
Englishmen to act—let every person,' according
to his means, lend his aid and support to keep
Government and the. Court in subordination to

the wisdom of the country, and the honest and
just feeling of the people, and then they would
not deprive a man of his property who did
not deserve to lose it. The people should,
on this occasion, in the first instance, open
their purses, to make up the property unjustly
taken away; and in the next, they should unite
to resist, by every lawful means, the encroach-
ment of Ministerial oppression. A subscription
such as the present carried nothing discreditable
with it to him who received it, and they should
be the last to call it discreditable, who always

. had theji hands in the public purSe—(Cheers and
laughtef !)—He • did think that great = meeting
would shew to the. disingenuous and grovelling
persons in power, for however. high their stations,
they were of low minds; they- would shew that
• • they had a spirit which would not brook miliary
, tyranny, or allow one of their best friends to be
oppressed, without giving their aid to Succour,
and defend him—(Cries of " bravo,".and' " we
will-!")—Having said so much on the immediate
object of the Meeting, he would beg leave to add
one word, as an appeal to their benevolence, on
another subject.—They all kneW that there were
three or four persons, the relics and family
of the men •who were slaughtered on the 14th of
August—(Cheers.)And the same might have
been the lot of the person who was then speaking,
or of any one -who heard him. Those unhappy
persons- of whom he now spoke had lost, under
Providence, their best, and perhaps only support,
and Were left in- a state of beggary and destitu-
tion. A subscription had been entered into by a
few persons for their support, which amounted bu t
to a small sum, and it was not too much to ask
them to combine this object with their great
work ; and while. they gave their honourable aid
to an injured countryman of theirs, --as great as
his Hon. Friend, they' would not forget the poor
and humble, whom the public calatnity, which
they all deplored, had brought to that—condition.
—(Applause.)—Had they witnessed what he
(Mr. B.) saw on that day, they would not think
it required any apology for bringing this sub-
ject under their notice. He had now •to thank
them for the attention with which they had heard
him, and would conclude, by requeithig them
to bear steadily in mind that they lived in an
order of things in which Government was ever
ready to pounce on its prey ; he requested them
to be temperate, vigilant, and disciplined, but
zealous, and never to lose sight of the main ob-
ject, which was. to do justice to themsrelves,. to
force Government_to do substantial justice,- and
to defend the freedom of their country with
the last drop of their blood.—The Honourable
Gentleman then sat down amid loudehee ring.
The CHAIRMAN then read the first Resolution; and was
proceeding to collect the sense of the Meeting upon it, when
'Mr. Gale Jones sprung upon the Table, and endeavoured to
obtain a hearing, but the hissing, and cries of " Off, olf,!'
were so strong and persevering, that after a good deal of dunib
shew, and vehement gesticulation, he was *obliged to return to
the bosom of the crowd, whom he aspired to enlighten, without
having succeeded in uttering an intelligible expression. On
his extinction, a Quaker
.pushed forward to the other _end of ale
Table, and with tire in his eye, and papers in his hand,"
endeavoured to become the oracle of the tribune, which Mr.
Jones had just vacated, but the good sense and piopriqy of this
respectable Meeting would not allow the proceedings to be
mixed up with any thing which could take from their decorum.
and importance, and accordingly the,Quuker was p'yetailed up-
on to adjourn the consideration of his papers, sine ilje, and the
Chairman was allowed to put the Resolution with the becoming
formality. On the shew of hands, it appeared, that the Reso-
lution was carried unanimously, as were the next four in suc-
cession.

The following Resolution having been moved and tarried :_
" That the Marquess of 'Tavistack,- M.P. ; Sir Jirancis Bur-
dett,- Burt. ; John George Larshton, Esq. M.P.; Edw.
Ellice, Esq. .11.P.1; and George Weatherstone, Esq. be
quested to to act as such trustees ;"
The CHAIRMAN rose and said, that his name being men-
tioned in the Resolution, and being one of the few trustees who
were present, he begged leave to thank them for the
done him, and to state that he would undertake the office wit:i
the greatest possible'pleasure ; .and he would take that oppor-
tunity of stating that it was intended to,appropriate the suni
raised to the procuring an honourable provision for Sir W.
Wilson, and after him for his children ; and he fonsidered it
not the least part of the honour of this.donation that it. was not
given by Kings or Ministers, but by his grateful clotintrynien
—(Loud cheers.)
The following Resolution Wai; then put by Mr..FAVELL,
and carried by acclamation : •

" That the thanks of this Meeting are eminently. due to
George- Lanibton,„lisq. M. P. for having Originated:this Sub-
scription, and for his unwearied zeal in this cause ; partieuErly
for having attended the Meeting of this day.'.'
The CHAIRMAN again rose and said, he felt -itiecessary
to present himself once more to the Meeting, to thank them tor
this additional
_proof of their kindness, and to asaiire theps
that he was amyl), repaid by the honour which 'thty did hiui,
for any tilling inconvenience . which his attendance there that
clay might have occasioned him. He would be always glad to
meet his fellow-citizens on subjects of such public interest, and
to express his attachment to that cause, of which.he could only
claim .the. merit of being an ardent and zealous • ,supporter_
(Great applause).

The followini Resolutions were then put and carried
mousiy.

`.` That the Thanks of this Meeting be-given to -the Marquess
of Tayistock, 15,1:1). to Sir Francis Burdett, Bart, 31. P. to
John George Lambton, Esq. 31. P. to Edward Ellice, Esq.
M.P. and to George Weatherstone, Esq. for having accepted
the office of Trustees to the subscription fund for indemnifying
Sir Robert Wilson.

" That the Thanks of this Meeting be given to James Bar-
nett, Esq. for having kindly accepted the office of Treasurer io
the said fund. •

" That the Thanks of this Meeting be given to the Ho-
nouable Urey Bennet, M.P. to Edward Ellice, Esq. M.P.
Joseph flume, Esq M.P. Dr. Lushington, M.P. the Hon.
Powlett, M.P.. T. S. Duncombe, Esq. J. B. Monck,
Esq. M.P. James Barnett, Esq. and T. B. Beaumont, Esq.
for their very liberal support of this subscription, acid for Their
attendance this day."
On the last of those Resolutions being carried, there was a
general call for - •

Mr: HOME, who rose amid great cheering, and
commenced by observing, that he was in hopes
the business of that day, which had gone on .so
well, might have terminated without his being
obliged to obtrude himself on their attention ;
but after the thanks which they had been pleased
to offer him .in so Particular a manner, he could
not avoid presenting himself to make his acknow-
ledgments for the manner in which they had
been voted. He could say, in reference to the
objeCt which had called them together, that there
was no man in that.room more anxious to support
the liberties and rights of Englishmen.—(Ap-
plause.)No man in a public situation was more
desirous of discharging his duty to the • people
with fidelity, for he must consider himself an ex-
ception. to Scotch returns.—(Cheering, and a
laugh.)—He would feel it - a disgrace, if on such
an occasion he was wanting ip zeal to give the
object in view his humble support. He fully
concurred in .what had - been stated by their
worthy Chairman, and by those who moved and
seconded the Resolutions; but he hoped the time
was not far distant when the conntry would, front
one end to the other, testify its abhorrence of an
act, which was.not -merely an act of • injustice to

one person, but an outrage to the civil rights of
Englishmen.—(Loud applause.)-11e could not
look back upon the events at Manchester—(hear,
hear!)—and those of the 14th of last August,
-withotat coupling them as acts of that' one spirit
which animated an arbitrary Ministry.—(Cheers..)
Ile could not, in this point of view, separate the
proceedings at Manchester from those at Cum-
berland-gate ; but the latter involved a question
of the greatest importance, and they were about
to deterthine whether the Crown could exert a
deipotic authority over the interests and pros
wily of one individual, who was one of 30,009
Officers, for he (Mr. Hume) had taken the
'trouble to ascertain the number.—(Cries of
bravo! and a laugh.)—lle :knew not to 'which
to attribute that expression of approbation but
ene thing ; it was certain that he wished, when
ever he could, to prove his positions by figures,
and to rest all his positions on facts, instead of
vague evidence—(llear, hear!)—and he would'
aow put it to them, whether the plea of preroga-
tive on which the dismissal of Sir R. Wilson was
defended, could be upheld.. To ascertain this,
they should see how' England stood in this
.re-
spect in former times: He had taken much pains
to inform himself on the subject, and he could
assure them there was but one.case at all similar
to the present, relative to the dismissal of officers
on half-pay, and which forined the only excep-
tion to the general rule io the last twenty years.
He alluded to the case of three individuals of.
the 55th regiment of a Garrison Battalion, who'
were dismissed without trial, and without any:
opportunity being afforded them of shewing
their innocence. Sir Robert Wilson was another
instance,. and he (Mr. Hume) was prepared to
sheer, that the prerogative claimed by 'the
King was one which he did not possess.—
(ApplanSe.)—This was not the time for en-
tering' at large into the discussion • Of this
queStion, nor'was he prepared to argue a point
-of great national importance, as a mere lawyer
might be disposed to view it, but upon the prin-
ciples of common sense and common reason ; the
foundation of all Government was the good of
the many. 'This was the definition adopted by
Locke, Blackstone, and other constitutional
writers, and hence it followed that the King
possessed no prerogative but for the.public good,
and only to be exercised when the laws of the
land were silent. In this case the King bad
been advised by unprincipled Ministers, for he
must call those men unprincipled, whether Wliigs
or Tories, who could support such outrages
against the liberties .of the people as those which
had been committed at Manchester and at Cum-
berland-gate. The profession of a soldier was
one which he could not but look upon as one of
the most honourable character. It should never
be forgotten, that soldiers were men who risked
their livest.and embarked their property in the
public service ; who were ever ready to defend
those whose local interests kept them at home,
and to support the honour of the country abroad.
This was a class of men, therefore, which the
people of England were more especially bound
to protect. Was it not monstrous, that a
body of- 19,000 men, for that was the num-
her of officers on half-pay, including the half-
pay list ,of the navy, -which amounted to
7,500, should, as soon -as they had retired
from the arduous duties of their profession,
and- recurred, according to the constitutional
doctrine, to their rights, as citizens, be render-
ed the dependent slaves of Ministerial caprice,.
and degraded from their rank, if they presumed,
like Sir It. Wilson, to act the part of a good
soldier, and to defend the institutions of the
country as by law established ? If the half-pay
officers, amounting to a body of 19,000 men,
were to be made slaves to the Minister of the
day, what an engine would be at once establish-
ed against every attempt to support those prin-
ciples of liberty and independence which all good
citieens were interested in maintaining. •On this
most important occasion, the present meeting had
very properly taken the lead. , The blood of
their unfortunate fellow-countrymen, Honey and
Francis, called upon them in k more especial
wanner to take such measures as might have the
effect of hurling the authors of these detestable
proceedings from the power of doing further
mischief.—(Hear, hear, hear !).—We could no
longer be said to live in a country which enjoyed
a civil Constitution, if it were in the power of
the Minister of the day to send out a standing
army, with secret orders to disregard the civil.,
power, and to take upon themselves the charge
of ,}seeping the peace, in opposition to the laws
of the land, which compelled them to 'act in
subordination to the civil Magistrate. IThat
would our Legislatcks, what would our Judges
say, if the military were thus permitted. to take.
the law into their own hands? Ile was prepared
•to prove, upon a proper occasion, that the out-
rages of the 14th of August were committed, not
only without the sanction, btit against the ex-
press wishes and opinions of the Civil Magistrate.
A GENTLEMAN (Mr- Corbould, as was understood) said ha
was prepared to prove that the whole proceedings of the mili-
tary on the 14th of August were in aired opposition to the
civil power. _ _ _

Mr. HUME resumed.--He had himself had an
opportunity of witnessing the whole of the tran-
sactions of that day. Sir It. Wilson and himself
rode together in the procession, and his Gallant
Friend never quitted his sight for ten minutes
during the whole of the day. He could speak
positively, therefore, to the falsehood of all the
charges which had been brought against him,
and to the malignity of the detestable attempts
which had been made to calumniate and revile
Lim. He doubted not that his character would
stand clear upon inquiry, for inquiry must
take place, since it was impossible for any Ad-
ministration to resist the, united wishes of the
people of England—(Hear, hear !)—• No Minister
would dare to resist the public claims for justice.
Let them call to mind what took place upon a
recent occasion, when the people had but to speak
and the cowards trembled—(Loud applause.)—
This had invariably been the case, and he trusted
it would still he the case. He hoped the people
-would see justice done to all parties, and testify
their abhorrence at the introduction of a military
force instead of the constitutional civil power of
the country. It was more especially incumbent
upon them, after a verdict of wilful murder had

been returned by a jury in one case, and of wil-
ful manslaughter in another, to express their in-
dignation, that from that day to this, no attempt
whatever had been made to bring the criminals
to justice. Let them place themselves in the
situation of the two unfortunate victims, that
of peaceful speotitors- al such a meeting.—
There were two situations in which men might
be placed at a public meeting ;- one, that of at-
tending a legal assembly ; another, that of
being illegally assembled for the purpose of doing
mischief. 'llse object of assembling to witness
the ftineral of the Queen was unquestionably a
legal one. What then would be the feelings of
their friends and relatives, if any of those, whom
he had now the honour to address, had fallen
victims to the policy of such Ministers ? It was
not a case which interested the relatives of Honey
and. Francis alone; it was a case which interested
the whole country. If this act of Ministerial op-
pression should pass unpunished, the officers of
the army could never again hold up their heads,
they must become the abject slaves of Ministers,
aod bear for ever the marks.of slavery upon their
forehead. They would be deprived of their civil
rights, even when they recurred to the capacity
of citizens, they would become more enslaved
than the Janissaries at Constantinople, or the
slaves of despotism at Algiers.—(Cheers.)—He
was prepared to shew, from the case of General
Boyd, which was decided by the Twelve Judges,
in 1785, that an officer on half-pay was not sub-
ject to military law. Now, if he were not liable
to military law, he was entitled to all the rights
and privileges of a citizen, and he would ask
whether it was not a flagrant violation of those
rights, to degrade him from his profession,
and confiscate his property, without trial,
and even without accusation ? He had felt
it his duty to make these observations ; and
with regard to the present subscription, he trusted
that if there were any surplus, it would not be
confined to the object of indemnifying Sir R.
Wilson, but extended to the relief of those
miserable objects, who, though humble, did not
the less call upon them for their proteCtion and
support. He trusted that their fund would be
found amply sufficient for carrying the whole of
these objects into effect. He would add but one
word more. It was now the time for English-
men to consider the state in which they were
placed by the domineering influence of a stand-
ing army, who were proceeding with rapid strides
to undermine the liberties which they were paid
to support. The difficulties under which the
country now groaned were unexampled ; they
affected every class of the community, except
those who fed- upon' the taxes, who were in the
situation of biassed Jurymen, who might at
any time be fairly turned out of the box.
He did think it behoved the people of Eng-
land seriously to consider the propriety of
recurring to the old constitutional country force
by which the peace of the kingdom was once hap-
pily maintained. And here he could not help
adverting to the outrage which had been offered
on a late occasion to the person of the Sheriff—
an outrage which, if it had formerly received the
sanction of a Minister, would have justly brought
him to the block.—(Cries of question in some
parts of the room.)—He was not considering this
question as one which regarded any individual,
A. or 8., but as it related to the general office of
Sheriff. Though the transaction to which he
alluded was not immediately connected with
the lamentable occurrences of the 14th of
August, it was one of the highest importance.
He was aware, however, that these observations
were calculated to open the door to discussion,
and, as he should be sorry to divert the attention
of the meeting from the immediate object for
which they were assembled, he should conclude
by returning them his thanks for the honour they
had conferred upon him, and assuring them that
be would use his best efforts to carry into effect
the object of the Subscription.—(Applause.)
Dr. Lusinsiwrox next came forward, and was
greeted with loud applause. He began by as-
suring the Meeting that it was not his intention
to have trespassed upon them by any observa-
tions that day, had lie not been called upon by
the Resolution which was last put from the Chair;
for he conceived that the statement which they
had heard from his Hon. Friend in the Chair had
embraced all the topics for which the Meeting
was particularly convened. His Hon. Friend
had stated, with great eloquence, and with great
warmth of feeling, that the case of Sir R. Wilson
was the case of the people, and that to support
him, therefore, was the bounden duty of every'
one who wished to uphold the Constitution of the
country, and to save from oppression and
destruction those who were the friends of the
people. Most cordially did he (Dr. Lush-
ington) unite in that sentiment; for, ..when
he considered the act of which his Majesty's
Government had been guilty, in dismissing
Sir R. Wilson without trial, without any avowed
accusation, and without daring to make any
.public authenticated statement of the facts, he
could not but regard it as an act of pure despo-
tism and unmixed tyranny—(Hear, hear. !)—To
what a state would the country be reduced, if
all the Officers who now composed our numerous
army,(an army more numerous than had ever been
known during a time of peace) were liable, with-
out charge, without accusation, without trial, to
forfeit all those claims which they had acquired
upon the Government, and upon the nation, at
the mere ipse dixit of the Minister of the day.
The consequences were as important to them all,
in a political point of view, as to Sir R. W., who
had been made the victim of Ministerial ven-
geance; for if once this country were to view such
an act in silence, or without 'the strongest expres-
sions of disgust and abhorrence, mark the con-
sequence. The example would take root ; the
fear of similar treatment would necessarily operate
upon the minds of all who now composed the
army, and they would either become the slaves
of Government, or at least shrink from the pub-
lic expression of their political sentiments to save
themselves from ruin and disgrace.—(Applause.)
—lie knew not which was the greater evil, or
whether the public avowal of sentiments hostile
to the people were not more desirable for the
good of the country, because then they would
I have open and avowed enemies to contend with,

instead of that secret; silent acquiescence—thati
abstinence from all exertion—which leaves us
doubtful as to the opinions of the individual, and
gives the strongest and best support to a bad
Administration, the support of silent consent
and adherence. It was, therefore, their bounden
duty, a duty which they owed to themselves, to
restore Sir Robert Wilson to that state of inde-
pendence, which, if the constitution of Britain
were sound, he had enjoyed, while a General
Officer in the King's service. He said, if the
Constitution were sound, for no man ought to
say, in England at least, that officers in the army
ought not to be as independent as any individuals
living upon property of any description ; their
political sentiments ought to'be as free; in their
military capacity alone they were bound to pay
implicit obedience to the Crown ; in their civil
capacity they ought to be free from all controul.
—Why was Sir R. Wilson selected for this sacri-
fice ? He (Dr. Lushington) felt the strongest in-
dignation at this selection, but he confessed that
in his mind it excited no surprise. They had se-
lected an individual, whose fame had extended
to every quarter of the'civilized globe, who had
shewn 'himself in battle bold, who bad shewn
himself the kindest friend even to a conquered
foe. Through all the extensive warfare in
which he had been engaged, he had ever raised
his hand to protect the fallen, and shared his
purse even with his enemies in the depth of their
affliction ; he alluded, more particularly, to his
exertions to procure the release of Desnouettes,
the Physician-General of the French forces,
and to the donation which he gave to the enemy
in the extremity of their distress. This was con-
duct which he hailed with admiration; this was con-
duct worthy of a man and a Briton, brave to those
who opposed him, and merciful to those whom
his prowess had subdued. Let them look at
the other parts of his conduct. Without re-
ward from the Government of his country,
with no other mark of favour than the liber-
ty of purchasing his commissions, unadorned
by any of those marks oldistinction which were
due to his extraordinary merit, he returns in a
period of peace to the bosom of his country, and
is elected into ParliaMent by the uubought suf-
frages of the Electors of Southwark. Let them
view him in his Parliamentary capacity; and
where, he would ask,,,was an individual to be
found, more constant in his attendance, more in-
defatigable in his exertions, more addicted to the
great principles of liberty and justice, than Sir
Robert Wilson ? And, last of all, upon that
memorable question which agitated the country,
arising from the persecution of the departed
Queen, who came forward with greater manliness,
and stood in the breach with greater firmness and
constancy ?—(Applause.)—Alas ! all might have ,
been pardoned but this !—[This exclamation was
delivered in a most impressive and pathetic man-
ner, and produced a strong sensation in the
Meeting. It was followed by loud and conti-
nued applause.]—All might have been forgiven
(resumed Dr. Lushington), and buried in ever-
lasting oblivion, but this. This it was which
spurred the dark spirit of malignity, and lighted
the fire which was afterwards to consume him.
Unmoved by all considerations of public princi-
ple—regardless of all public justice,-honour, or
truth—his Majesty's Government proceeded to
award what they conceived to be a punishment ;
to degrade, if degradation were in their power;
and to ruin, if their malevolence could have ef-
fected it. God be praised ! it had precisely the
contrary effect.—(Loud applause.)—Against the
tyranny of the Government had arisen the strong
arm of the people—against the persecution of
the King and his Ministers had arisen the sup-
port of the nation—against their degradation,'
the honour of the land—against their depieda-,
tions, a subscription, which, he trusted, would
place Sir R. Wilson and his family above the
reach of want, and enable him still to discharge
his duties as a Representative of Southwark.—
He trusted the Electors of Southwark would
never forget what he had suffered in their cause,
and that, whenever an opportunity should again
occur, they would again return him, by their
unanimous suffrages, as their representative in
Parliament, so as to laugh at the threats of the
Government, while they supported to the end a
faithful servant of the people. It only remained
for him to thank the meeting for the manner
in which his name had been mentioned, and
to assure them that, although he had on the
present occasion studiously abstained from all
other topics, he looked forward to the hour, with
an earnest anxiety for its rapid approach,
when the transactions of the 14th of August, and
those which followed them, might be brought be-
fore the public, and sifted to the bran in their
true and proper colours. He would not advert
to these topics now, because he wished to advert
to them when he had an opponent' to combat and
an enemy to face. The Honourable and Learned
Gentleman retired amidst acclamations of ap-
plause.
Mr. ELLICE said,' that alter what had been said
by his Hon. Friends around him, which so-com-
pletely coincided with his own feelings, little re-
mained for him but to express his thanks, which
he should have done before, for the honour they
had done him in choosing him one -of the Trus-
tees. He assured the Meeting that he should do
his utmost to apply properly the produce of
the subscription ; and he should do this not only
from his private feelings of affection for Sir R.
Wilson, but from his sense of -the public prin-
ciple that was involved in their proceedings. If
any persons had been credulous as to the vague
rumours propagated respecting the conduct of Sir
R. Wilson, on the 14th August, they had now
heard the positive assertions of his Hon. Friends,
that Sir R. Wilson was not absent from their
sides ten minutes during the whole of that day.
He (Mr. E.) could assure them, that for four
days before the 14th, Sir R. -Wilson was in his
company on the road from Paris.—(Applause.)
Affidavits, it was said, had been sworn that
Sir Robert had attended Meetings at Kensing-
ton and elsewhere, previously to the 11th August.
Now at the time of the alleged meetings, Sir
Robert was in a post-chaise with him (Mr. E.)
on the road from Paris, whence he only arrived
at 5 o'clock the evening before the day of the
, Queen's funeral.--(Applause.)—On as good evi-

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, OCT. 23.—The King received gentle-
men yesterday morning, and ladies in the evening.
Yesterday M. de Queker, the ❑ew Archbishop
of Paris, had a private audience of his Majesty.
The approaching arrival of the King of Eng-
land at Paris is again the subject of conversation.
The last courier from Catalonia repeats the
assurance that the contagion has not spread
beyond the towns and districts, where we know
it had manifested itself. The number of ,deaths
at Barcelona, on the 7th, is estimated at 400,
and on the following day, at about 700. They
are seriously taking measures, it is said, to en-
camp outside the walls such of the inhabitants as
have escaped the disorder : but it. is very doubt-
ful whether this prudent step may not be de-
feated ; at all events the cordon has been carried
further back in order to enlarge the space for
the proposed encampment.
The town of Tortosa is reported to be suffering
more from the fever than Barcelona. Mequi-
nenza, in Arragon, is almost in as bad a state.
Letters from the French Physicians at Barce-
lona, of the 10th, state that they are concerting
measures with the Spanish Authorities for the
commencement of their labour3.

The bulletin of the Lazaretto of Marseilles, of
the IGth, states that all the sick are recovered ;
and the other persons there are in good health.
The ships in quarantine are healthy, and no sick
have been received from them since the 10th.—
The contagion appears to have reached its term,
and the town is remarkably healthy.

FRENCH FUNDS.
Oct. 22, Five per Cents.
• Bank Stock 1592 f. 50 c.

VIENNA OCT. U.-By an Austrian ship, which
left Zante on the 17th September, and is arrived
at Trieste, we have received intelligence that
the Turkish fleet cast anchor at Coron, on the
coast of the Morea, landed 7,000 men, and fur-
nished that fortress With a supply of provisions.
The Turkish fleet then sailed for Zante, and ar-
rived. there on the 13th, and two days after it
proceeded towards Patras, in the direction of the
Gulf of Lepanto, apparently with the intention
of landing there some troops, and of provisioning
some of the fortresses. These accounts also con-
firm the report of the Greek fleets having gone
into port to refit.

Metallics were quoted yesterday at 734.
(Austrian Observer.)
CORFU, SEPT. 30.—(Extraciiif a Private Let-
ter.)—The central Government of the Greeks
at Modou publishes bulletins on the advantages
gained by its troops, some of which are now be-
fore us. They do not come down later than the
2d of September, and their style is very original,
as may ,be seen by the following specimens :
" Thirty-second Bulletin of Liberty.—Ho-
nour to God the Almighty ! and to the Holy
Church of the East! Honour to the Empire of
the Hellenes, to the Archi-Strategos., Prince
Demetrius Ypsilanti, and to all the Chefs of the
Hellenes ! Peace to the brave Victims of the
struggle for Liberty !—This day (August 28)
reports have been received from the camp of the
Hellenes, near Avarin ; the following is the
tenor of the words of Liberty :—The tyrant
Jussuf Pacha, the Chief of these barbarians,
children of hell, who believe in the Devil's
emissary, Mohammed, has attacked the Hel-
lenes, accustomed to victory, who were en-
camped before the -fortress of Avarin, under
the orders of Theodore • Spartaki. God has
humbled his pride, he has chastised his blind
audacity. The Barbarians have been repulsed,
and -confusion prevails in their ranks; they lost
600 men, three of whom are Cimbachas, and 200
were made prisoners, and their lives spared.
The Greeks, under the manifest protection of

God, lost only 36 men, who were buried with
all military honours on the field of battle. May
the earth press lightly on them, for they died
for their country. The reinforcement of 600
men from Calamatta, with two guns and ammuni-
tion, have put the conquerors in a condition to
cannonade- the fortress. Perhaps the next re-
port will bring us joy and honour. God and the
!"

" 'THIRTY-FIFTH BULLETIN, (which appeared the
Ist September.)

" Honour to God, the Almighty, &c.

" The news of the capture. of Artas has this instant arrived
in this happy town. The inhabitants have surrendered by ca-
pitulation : the number of Barbarians found in the Citadel were
but few, and their lives were spared. In general the Nellepe
conduct themselves with great moderation. Prince Demetrius
Ypsilanti is :arrived at Patras, where there are about 10,000
Hellenes. The powerful navaeque.v of the Isle of Hydri,a Pav;
again announced the capture of three large Turkish ships of
war. God and the Hellenes !"

In this manner was published the capture of
Corm', of Napoli, and various other small castles-
The Bulletins sometimes contain local Ordi-
nances of the Senate, remarkable for their mode
ration. Foreign merchants are treated with con-
sideration. The Hellenes are badly clothed, and
worse armed. The traffic in gunpowder (from
to 10 piastres the okkena) is very advantageous'
to the foreign merchants. The number of troops
in the Poloponnesus may amount to 30,000, a
third of whom are provided with muskets. The
arrival of _Prince Demetrius Ypsilanti has put
an end to the species of war which existed be-
tween the Senates of Calamatta and Modou.
FRANKFORT, Ocr.l7.—We have received news
from the frontiers of Moldavia, dated the With of
September, of which the following- is the sub'
stance The. Kiaja-Bey has been beheaded/
and his head sent to Constantinople. The nov
Seraskier has put the Bishop of Romania into
irons. Salih Paclia having been informed of the
little success attending the Turkish attacks
against the Convent of Seck, repaired himself to
the spot on the 23d September with 1,000 mei'.
The next day he summoned the Greeks to sta..
render, formally assuring them they should not
suffer any personal outrage, but might retire
wherever they thought fit. The Greeks, relying;
on the promises of the'Pacha, opened the gates
and laid down their arms; but they were scarcely
out of the convent when the whole of them were
massacred by the Janissaries, together with some
monks. Only twelve women escaped these hor-
rible butchers."

AUGSBURG, OCT. 17.-7-(Estract of a prirate.
letter.)—A recent letter from Vienna ends
the following paragraph. 66 We are assured that
the negotiations between the Porte and Russia •
have not taken a favourable turn; yet, the Arll'-
bassadors of the Great Powers at Constantinople
are unremitting in their exertions to adjust the
differences between the two Empires. The Divan
had first resolved on evacuating Moldavia. and
Walachia, but it renounced this plan quite on
sudden. Not only were the Ottoman troops in
those principalities, who were preparing to cross
the Danube, ordered to remain in their Po"
sitions, but large reinforcements have been
sent to them from Constantinople. Some goer:
chants of this town have received by exPre,s"
the important news of the renewal of hosti"-
ties between the Turks and the Insurgents'
Several attacks were made simultaneously at
various points in the first fortnight of SePtenl-
her. We were surprised to hear that the Greeks
possessed such large forces in Moldavia ; but
it
appears that the dispersed bodies of Insurgents
have rallied and been joined by a great number
,
of their countrymen who had taken refuge '3
Bessarabia, the Bnkowine, and Transylvania'
The--Arnauts have also joined the Greeks, wl'a
in this manner have mustered.an imposing farce,'
i
they have already obtained some -advantages n
the plains, which have made them masters of a
part of Upper Moldavia. They have even di.9-
patched parties as far as Foksati."
ST. PETERSRURGII, OCT. 2.—Baron Strogoroff, ors Isis re-
turn from Constantinople and Odessa, arrived at the Post-hens"
near Luga, just as his Majesty the Emperor, on his journey to
Witepsk, was coming out of the Church at that place, where be
had been paying his devotions. The Ambassador, in his trl!;
veiling dress, immediately waited on his Majesty, and was in°s
graciously received. The Emperor immediately went with 111121
to the house of the Bailiff, near by, and conversed a long tirlll
with the Minister. His Excellency, who is arrived there, bas
been honoured with the most flattering , reception by both
2
Empresses: The public have also shewn much eagerness ~
testifying to him the interest'they have taken in the critical (lc
curnstances in which he has been,placed, and the firm and n(),D,,
conduct which he shewed in them. Our Court goes into inoa.l3
ing for eight days for the late Queen of England.
11.tsrovER, OCT. B.—Since his- Majesty's arrival, the es_.
change of couriers has been very active in various direr:tiro:se"'
The Marquess of Londonderry is vcry much engaged,. and 3..:
pears but seldom in the numerous parties given by the 30'1;5
ters and others. It was thought very singular thiit no body 44
it
here from Llesse Cassel, to compliment his Majesty, and
is contrary to etiquette, in these cases, thr the Ambararader is
arrive later than the Prince who is to be coMplimertted, it
thought that the Elector would come in person. .This cic
tatirn has not been realised, for last Thursday the
berlain, Von Bardelelieti,"atiiveil from .Curse). o
OCT. is said that the Hessian Ambassador litiso,l
mission except to apologise for the Elector, who is prcven .
from coming ; but he has not yet had an audience. . ,a 1 •
Tile beautiful Princess of Sclms,' daughter of' her Wie.
Highness the Duchess of Cranherland, who is 19 years of
is particularl noticed his Majesty.
Oc T OBERy R. 16,—An h
eyxpress a:riv ed here from Vienna in Pjf.
days.
The King's Physicians declared, that it was absolu'tely Da
cessary that his Niajcsty should keep his bed five or siX tiring
for which reason the dinner at the Duke of " Cambridge's, .10
procession to the Church, and the grand parade, on dun
morning, are countermanded. ,
His Excellency the Minister V. .Arnswaldt, will set ou.' ing,
the 21st for Gottingen, to prepare for the arrival of the ,
which, if his Majesty's health will permit, is to be on the ':',errs
STOCKHOLM, OCT. 12.—1 t is afrinned, that many 0„,"",`;c6
and other young people intend to gO through Germany to Li:of
to fight against the Turks.—.:A. letter from Finland says, 100
the 12th of August, a dreadful fire broke out at Frederick
which, in the space of six hours, reduced nearly the whole to
ten
to ashes. Two churches, 110 houses, the Town llous,, were
several public buildings, were destroyed. Only 10 houses 1),1t
saved. The unfortunate inhabitants have saved nothiM„ot.,
their lives from the conflagration."—lii the month of .I"l°,:teLl
nearly 40.000 ship pounds of bar and other iron were c‘P'cisi
from Stockholm, and 1300 ship pounds of copper.—etne°„rergn
article states, that in the last two years, 1819 and 1820, '','ll„o.•
trade brought the kingdom a net profit of 3,330,256 ri% c`.° de.
MADRID, OCT. B.—The French journals of a certain 01
cription do not cease to utter invectives, sarcasms, ironieis'con'
atrocious calumnies against the Spaniards, who so larg.
yll
tributed to the restoration of—the throne of Louis oc;
The infamous. conduct of these men, who are sold to a vile 0 ot
Lion, has risen to an intolta able height ; and the su)ineneocit
the Parisian censorship, in approving,_ g and consenting pr
insults, is a real violation of the rights o' nations, whose lit'
cf as
and good reputation ought to be as scrupulo'Asly
those of individuals. The silence, observed uy thy'
