able to follow his reasoning with anything like minuteness.
We understood the Noble Duke to argue that the power
given to the Governor-General under• the measure of 1813
was more extensive in all matters of great and vital con-
sequences, than that which would be elven by the
present Bill ; but that the present Bill authoriz
and indeed compelled, the Governor• General to
attend to details to an extent not only not in
accordance with preceding Acts, hut prejudicial to good
government, if not ahsolutely impracticable. He further
c.rntende I against the increase in the Council. The nurn-
her had hitherto been three—under the Bill it was to he
six ; and that change alone, be contended, would treble
the details brought under discussion. Formerly the Go-
vernor General had certain defined duties to perform toge-
ther with his Council, but now there were to be two
Councils, and the Gove-nor General must act in two ca-
pacities—first, as Governor of Bengal; and secondly, as
Governor General of all India. How the duties of the
two Councils were to be arranged, and how the Governor
General was to execute his two functions, he left to the
framers of the Bill to explain. Then with respect to
general letters. He knew that it was the fashion to decry
all the checks hitherto devised for the insurement of good
Government, but he was firmly of opinion, that without
general letters it would be impracticable to maintain our
empire in India. Another part of the plan was to de-
prive the Governor General of the control over half of
the array and half of the civil servants, and the Noble
Marquis had slid that was on the recommendation of
Lord W. Bentinck.

The Marquis of LANSDO "NE bed said that Lord
W. Bentinck recommended a very strong government in
the north, and proposed that the seat of the general Go-
vernment should he remove! from Calcutta to Hyderabad.

The Duke of WELLINGTON had misunderstood the
Noide Marquis. The recommendation now intended to be
considered was more dangerous than even the present plan.
—(Hear, hear, hear.) Another point'upon wl ich he must
make some remark was the proposed Law Commission.
He considered it as worse than useless, for it would occa-
sion only expens- unless it should be attended with seri-
ous mischief. He certainly thought it advisable to admit
the natives to certain inferior civil and other offices, but
the higher ones must as yet be closed against them, if our
empire in India was to be maintained. With respect to the
clause abolishing domestic slavery, he entreated their Lord-
ships to give it their most serious attention. He knew as
a fact that domestic slavery existed to a large extent in
India; the Governor• General in Council had already
power to redress any abuses under it, and he called upon
their Lordships to deal lightly with the question, as they
valued the m lintenance of British India. He fully con-
curred in the views taken by his Noble Friend who had
moved the amendment.

Lord AUCKLAND contended that to leave the trade
in the hands of the Government of India would only be
an injury to them, and a still greater ene to the g,ner t
interests of the country. He had no doubt that in a short
time the remittances to this country by bills would speedily
be effected without inconvenience. With regard to the
distress that would be at first inflicted upon the port of
London by the destruction of the East India Company,
monopoly, he could only say that it was one of the mis-
fortunes of such monopolies to draw about them a sort of
factitious industry, which must give way as soon as fair
competition in trade was allowed to operate against them.
The Noble Lord then stated the increased tonnage of
shipping employed in the trade to the east of the Cape of
Good Hope since the opening of the trade. He also de-
fended the clause relating to the abolition of slavery, and
maintained that it had been framed with the utmost
caution consistent with the destruction of an odious
system.

Lord ELLENBOROUGH made some observations in
reply, and the ainendm.nt having been put and negatived,
the House went into Committee.

The several clauses to the 34th clause were, after verbs'
amendments had been made in them, agreed to.

The 35th clause, relative to the division of the Presi-
dency of Bengal into 'wo Pre,i4lencies, having been put,
The Duke of WELLINGTON objected to this division,
and moved that the clause be omitted.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said that establishing
separate Presidencies in Bengal had been recommended by
Lord William Bentinck.

Lord ELLEN BOROUGH thought the evidence of Lord
Wiliam Bentinck went no such length. The proposed
separation wouid not only be inconvenient and unnecessary,
but an increase of expense.
After a few word. from the Marquis of LawsnowNE and
Lord ELLENBOROUGH the amendment was tit gatived, and
the clause aereed to.

The remaining dawn up to 48 were then agreed to,
and the House ailjournrArt a quarter atter twelve o'clock
till to-morrow (this day).

MINORITY
On the Second Reading of the Lib°
For the Second Reading
Against it .....

1:1
our 11'1400)11
9/ r4l-11
313

Althorp, Lord
Bulteel, J. C.
Denison, W. J.
stuttield, T.
Forster, C.
Goring, H. D.
Halcombe, J.

In the H0u5e.............
Hughes H.
Plumptre, J. P.
Poyntz, W. S.
Rickford, W.
Shawe, R. N.
Smith, R. Vernon
Talmash, A. G.

50 0,
Tracy,
TYred'

,re,0114,
Verne'', 06
Burrell'

Molyneux,'Lord
Hume, Joseph
Brotherto J.
Warburton, H.
omilly, J.
Hawkins, J. H.
Strutt, E.

MAJORITY
Parker, J.
Divett, E.
Ewart, W.
Ruthven, E.
Blake, J. M.
Hall, B.
Parrott, J.
Williams, G.
Knapp, H. R.
Tynte, C. K.
Scrope, P.

SS:Dl:3rhia

GERMAN PAPERS.
