This Day W. 15 published,

Handsomely printed in one large Volume, 4to. illustrated
with-16 Plates, and a Map of the Island, price 21. 12s: 6d.
boards,

THE HISTORY of CEYLON', from the.
earliest period' to the year 1815;, with characteristic
details of the Religion, Laws, and Manners of the People;
ant! a Collection of their Moral Maxims and Ancient
Proverbs.

By PHILALETHES, A. M. Oxon.
To which is subjOined, Robert Knox's Historical Relation
of. the Island, with an Account of his Captivity during • a
period of near twenty years. •
4#, These two Works, which are thus, united in one
large volume, contain a greater diversity of valuable infor-
mation than has ever yet been brought together respecting this
, •
most important part of the British Empire. All descriptions
of readers will find something to interest in, the present Pub-
lication : the curious will be gratified, the thoughtful in.;'
structed, and the indolent amused. •
London : Printed for J. Mawman, Ludgate-street.

This Day was published,
In Royal Quarto, price et. es. hoards,
A TREATISE on the WEALTH, POWER,
17s. and RESOURCES of the BRITISH EMPIRE, in every
part of the World ; a general View of the Value of the Landed
and other Property in the United Kingdom, and in all Colo-
nies and Dependencies of the Crnwn, including the East In-
dies; are Annual Income arising from Agriculture, Mines,
Minerals, Inland Trade, Foreign Commerce, Navigation,
Fisheries, &c.

The whole illustrated by copious Statistical Tables. The
Second Edition, revised and enlarged.
By P. COLQUHOUN, LL.D.
-London : Printed for J. Mawman, Ludgate-street.
Of whom may he had, by the same Author,
1. A TREATISE on INDIGENCE, exhibiting, from au-
thentic documents, the present State of. the Pauper System,
with various suggestions for improving the moral habits of
the people, reducing the parochial rates, and prornotint the
happiness and security of the community, by a dintiontion
of moral and criminal offences. evo. price ?s. 6d. boards. •
2 A NEW SYSTEM of PAROCHIAL EDUCATION for
the CHILDREN of the LABOURING PEOPLE, grounded
on the late Improvements. sve *3. 6d. .
3. OBSERVATIOXS and FACTS relative to PUBLIC-
HOUSES in the CITY of LONDON had its ENVIRONS.
SVo. .Is. 6d.

" Sincerely attached to those Principlts, and to that System
of Government, which were established by the Revolution in
1688, I have ever considered them as the' guide of my public
conduct : and I conceited that I was returned to Pm !lament,
not only to protect the rights, liberties, and property of the
People, hut also to uphold the Executive Government of the
Country :without which, our liberties would soon be de-
stroyed, 'our property rendered precarioui, and our rights be
.merely nominal. With these views, I had abundant reason
to be .satisGd that -my duty would be best performed by
pursuing the independent coarse, to which I have adeeited.
" Having thus briefly stated the general principles which
actuated My conduct as a Member of Parliament, I request
also to assign the reasons which have determined my course,
in relation to some particular measures which have come
under my deliberation in that capacity.
During the period in which I had the honour of being
one of the Represyistatives of the City of Coventry, this Na-
tion had to contend with unexampled difficulties, and a crisis
'of danger occurred which had no parallel in the annuls of
British Hislin-y. Engaged in conflict with a gigantic.tyranny,
established in the 'wait of Europe by a military usurpation,
under whose extending despotism the greater part of the
Continent already lay enchained, this Country made unceas-
ing struggles to maintain her independence ; till, by her as-
tionshing energies, under the blessing of God, site defeated,
and overthrew the Desna and his power, and gloriously ter-
minated a war, unexplained in its length and fUry. The mise-
ries, consequent on that war, and the distressful condition of
these States which fell under the dominion of the French
Usurper, cannot easily be described. 'I had the honour to
assist in administering =relief to various parts of the Conti-
nent, when the first subscription was opened in London, fur
alleviating the distresses in Germany; mid I had a peculiar
opportunity of knowing, from official documents, the horrors
of French Dothination ; and was thus the better enabled to
appreciate the dangers we had escaped, and the glorious,
though exhausting efforts, made by the British Government to
save our Nation from the like slavery.
" Ott the return of .Peace, it could not he expected that
Plenty and Prosperity would immediately succeed to departed
Hostility. The vast exertions made during the war required
immense sacrifices, which could not speedily be compensated.
The large demand fur all the implements requisite in so ex-
tended a warfare, had occakioned, in various ways, mach em-
ployment for the poor, and produced a great trade through-
out the Country total stop to this demand, and the sud-
den reduction of our Army and Navy, threw thousands out of
employ. , The channels of commerce, which were open to this
Country, exclusively, during the war,, were at once caused
against us, by new relations among foreign powers. A scanty
harvest occasioned a dearth of pro Visions. The Poor Rates
became an enormously 'aggraVated hurthen—the failure of
several Country
,Banks, ensued ; and the pecuniary distresses
of the nation were greater than had ever before been
experienced. These evils were perhaps permitted to humble
our national pride,' excited by the unrivalled triumphs of
our Arms, anti to convince us that even Peace itself is a bless-
ing Only when mask so by the Abssighty Disposer of all
events.

" In the midst of these appalling flitticulties;.what were
the apparent, views of some among us ? To embarrass the
National Councils by all the means in their. power ;—to sup-
press every feeling of satisfaction and gratitude, at the great
and glorious objects which bad been achieved ;—to bury in
oblivion all remembrancomf the vast efforts which bad been
so successfully made ;—to ascribe the present evils to the Go-
vernment, and, of consequence, to alienate the people from
all lawful autbarity. firlar%we• mut fairly assume that their
views were. each, since such was the manifest tendency of
their conduct ? _

:1
44 The desperate. doctrines at that time brOach&d,lalling
upon' minds irritated by the failure of trade and the scarcity
of provisions,,asid 'seconded by seditious and irreligious
pamplitstsisdispersed with uaaliguant.activityy preducid in-
