THE VISIT TO PORTSMOUTH.

Portsmouth, Wednesday, Four o',CiocLin the. Morning.
• iilt• is impossible, to gives au adequate description
• of. the, anXietori xylkich prevailed; here amongst ,t-no
.:countless :numbers yestmloy tot: sve: the Prince
'ltegCntrand•th.e. -Allied :Sovereigns.. The arrivals
yesterAlisyi,forad•a sort of
.cavalcade. The town.
;is,;iite.,r,aily
_crammed ;•-=-7,lioors 4te let at the
_modest price from •ton to :fifty guitieai• per
,week ..I.4igh7stieet, and it is 'considered, a
mark of fao.ur to-get a bed of any sort. under a
guinea -per I night.. -In short,. the town never
. was, known so full, and the numerous walks
on the- parade battlements of the town may,ibe
~conipared, to a full. Steine„. at. Brighton itt the
season, Thoit-sandt have come Prow the western
.countiesveven as far-as.-Devoushire. Detachments
of inilitarywere. kinder arms yesterday; and. asqaa-
dron of Yeomen Cavalry awaited the •arrivali of
the :Prince Regwt (who . alone was .expected at
porisdavvh4iill). It
.was knows) in,tbe coursciof
,the:day, that his :Royal:. Highness would:_ not pbcs
!Jere- until this 'afternoon. The. Prince Regent
• will reside :tturing• his,,; stay at the, .'GoVerainent
House,;the:Zinperor-4rid,.his Sister,-,the Duchess
of C)ldenhurgh, at :the house of ,t!ie litsuourable
;,C..,(icpy.,,in: the Doek-yardi the „Ifloc,,of,,ProsSia.
at General HotistoWs. It is, not ifiNpected .that
the Nutai Review will take:,plitee till
:.Eriday., There are sixty pendants..flyingat Scrit.
•,head; thirteen•. ships of the: iine,-thFrtec-ri -fri-
,..l,..cates and the remainder, sloops,. brigs! Of ..war,
&c..
.Amongst the arrivals.: of-yest,erday,,. were
the ~Ottke,lot - Saxe Weitimr, Lord :Ftilibes; Lora
and, Lady Craven , in his . Lords itiWs pleasure
yacht;k;tc..,•.thtedreds aye pouring in at this mo,
Intuit; .(half-past five), and hundreds slept the
-fluor last night, not only it) Portsmouth and 'Port.
~seic, hut at :-Gosport. , Many -take op.:their abode
-.in thelsle of Wight for wantof nearer aecioriitnii,
• dation. Post horses tra,vel stages three or four
tines to-day.; •

and several Lords. from the Ad-,
‘vith the Secretary Mr; -Croker,itfe here.
Yesterday the Lord High Adinires--INg. \s/its
lioi.qed (in board the Ville de Paris, Sir
and 'his Royal Highness of Clarehee—shHel
frOM the ..10oh. to the linpregh:O.ile; %Vnich
oceasion,sainti4i, took place. The Dhicv
Weimar als(; landed. here, fronCheiiin h yeAer,
day, anti a Russian Aii,e,de-Caput„,+.ith dispaLtiles
to his, imperial Majesty. His 140)741 Higtme..,s.the
-Duke-Of Saxerei,nar cva sainted with 21 ;;;ins
Twin the town, ataihy:the ship on.board tit 4c iilcl~
he made the passage. Yesterday. Lord Melville
held a Levee, ‘vhiesh was attended Dy•a v,f;ikt
number of Naval Officers,

THE SUN REVIEW.

(So. IV.)

We t;;,3 day depart from the further cousidera7
Mu of the Political Memento, to introduce to the-
notice of our Readers the Prospecins- of a' Work
about to appear in France, an which must in a
"Cmilar degree contribute to the advantage of the
of Public Cause in that,Country, by showing men
and things in their true light. A faithfultPortrait
of BUONAPARTE, like a faithful portrait of his
Friends, the Talents, is indedd a great desideratum.
We trust the Editor of this useful Work brings
with him to the task; abilities andinclastry equal
to its Importance. We would anninmdvert upon
this topic at greater length,.but the Prospectus so
folly. explains the views of the Aathor,- that We
need not add any thing to elucidate it: We may,
however, say, that we hope' this Work Will find
its way to the English Reader in a good tfansla-
tion. The stile of the Prospectus is easy
.and

Two great powers exist in man, mental and
corporeal. The whole secret of tyranny is to
controul both these, and to, reign equally by
'ignorance and tear. No person knew this se-
cret better than Napoleon BuOnaparte. During
fifteen years that we have groaned under the
Oppr•cisov's, sceptre, what free use were we•al-
lowed to • make of our reason ? what knowledge
Lave we:been Remitted. to possess, even of our

dearest interests ?. What mea.tis-.have been left us
of learniag those.things moiit of consequence for
us to knoW ? . We were, in the middle of Europt,
strangers'to-Enrope ;. the thickest veil was pread
over truth ; -the Nation was become the `sport
of the mos*. audaciotts falsehood, and of the most
outrageous political quackery. We might
gine that Buoriaparte had.resolved to' make same
grand experiments upon the hutnan heart, tO as-
certain how far he might abuse its'weakness and
credulity, and to effect that through the means of
• deception andof vice, which shotild.ority appear
the work'of good faith and of virtue. Thus, with
- out real courage, be Conceived the design of tip-
' Fearing a Hero (1).
" Without greatness of soul he wished to be •all
mired as a superior Beim;—without religion he
aspired to the honour of restoring the' altars
without learning, he pretended td universal science
—without humanity- he undertook to 'adorn himself
with the title of Benefactor of Mankind and,.
though Nature had for Med him to. be an object of
terror and hatred, be wished to compel us to be-
hold in him an object of confidence and love.—
To succeed in this project, to - what means
bad be not recource ? There existed in. this
Nation men -of courage who could act, write,
or speak ; he made away • with then); some-
times by exile, sometimes by imprisonment, or
even by death. He re,established. in
,(2) France'
the laws against the suspected, and filled society.
with informers and spies. There existed between
France and the neighbouring nations a light
of knowledge which might one day have placed
his actions in a true point of view.. He hastened
to extinguish it; shut up all communication,
prohibited. all correspondence, intercepted even
private letters, and decreed the blockade of
the mind, as Ile had done that of the British
Isles. Then were we condemned to know no-
thing but that of which he chose to inform
112, and the empire of falsehood rose rapidly
on the ruins of truth. Then he surrounded
himself with mercenary Writers, who filled France
with corruption and impostures. He hired a set
of vile flatterers, who were only occupied 'in
boasting his exploits, in disguising his crimes,
and deifying his tyranny. From one extremity of
France to the other was heard nothing but this
concert of voices—" Napoleon is a great man—
Napoleon is the greatest of men.''Some even
cried, " Napoleon is a God !" (3).

" At length, after fifteen years of servility and
extravagance, the worship of the idol is abolis4
ed, and truth has resumed her ;rights. It is now
permitted us to spew the Heroin his real colours,
and to inform the people of wb.it he has taken. so
much care to conceal from them. It is a task
that we have imposed upott hut-selves; a task more
lionotrrable than easy ; we have collectect,hoth in
France and in foreign countries, all the documents,
acts, and historical monuments ,ofwhich thegloomy
tyranny of Buonaparte had interdicted the publi-
cation: We have drawn from all the• Port-folios
that have been willingly opened to us, secret in-
formation, and.we dare to hope that these mate- .
Vials will appear absolutely .new to the greater
part of our Readers. What a crowd of events is
contained in the course of the fourteen years which
ha' just passed ?—We shall have to paint that
celebrated return from Egypt, the source of so
many extraordinary events; we shall give the de- .
tail of the famous day of the 18th Brumaire, and .
the secret causes of that Revolution ; we shall
follOw Buonaparte into Italy, in..the fields •of
Marengo, -and: in all' the• Treaties contracted at
the conelusion of this campaign. We shall have
to publish acts relative to the pacification of La
Vendee, and of the principal personages who took
part in it. We shall expose the true causes of
the war between France and England ; and will
unveil all the impostures of pretended conspiracies,

(1) Iltionaparte had nothing in him which constituted true
CO aroge, He neither kneW how to bear prosperity or adver-
says be was bumble and without fortitude in misfortune—.
. arrogant in good fortune : he ,enjoyed -R. cruel, pleasure iu
maltreating his enemy after he was subdued.
(2) One of Robespierre's . celebrated laws, by which per-
sons were apprehended and imprisoned on the almost ludi-
;.crous change,;" Ike suspicion of being suspected."
03) It was seriously askedi in some Discourse addressed.to
Buunaparte, wbetber be was a God ova Mau ?

MEMOIRS FOR A 11/STORY OF FRANCE, daring the
Reign of NAPOLEON BUONAPARTE, and the Ab-
sena- of the House of BOURBON containing,
. particular etnecdotes' of the' Principal People qf
the Tinze.—By J. B. SALQUES.--SiX VblS..•Bvo.
with Pates. Published-by-Subscription..

of which the Government itself was the azfthor
We will trace the journal ofsome Secret Missions,
undertaken in Germany and
.England. - We. will
give an account of the Proceedings against Gene-
ral Moreau, General Picherti, Georges, and of
several of the Vend-earl Chiefs, \vi t bout :-attempt-
big the- hoist disguise. We .Will reveal all the
particulars. of the assassination of the Due d'En-
- gheirr.—We will- give the 'faithful -history of the-
Expedition to St.-Domingo, of tile Austrian Wars,
. of those of Prussia, of Russia, and of Spain, and
especially of those two memorable campaigns,
•whose'disasters have accelerated the fall of the
Tyrant, and the return of our Kings. We. will
shew all that the Allied.Sovereigus have done to
break our fetters, and to restore to Europe the
security of peace. 'the invasion of the Rothan
' territory, the captivity of the Sovereign Pon-
tiff, the proscription of the Cardinals, of the
Bishops, and of the Fathers of the Council, will
become the objects of our- consideration wnd re-
. • searches. Wes will expow, as far as lies in our
power, the spirit of the Institutions of Buona-
, parte; the Resourcel of- his Policy, and the Mys-
teries of his Police (the most . perverse, perhaps,
that has ever existed, particularly in the latter
periods of his government). In short,. we shill
omit:nothing which may tend to depict this reign
of horrors. in its native hues; this monstrous
• tyranny, so fertile in calamities of every kind.-,--
But weinust
,first describe the infancy and 'youth
of Napoleon; we must
.show by what steps lie'
rose to suprema poiVer. Thus
.we shall trace ra-
pidly the different circumstances of his life, before
his accession to the Consulship. We shall speak
of • his conduct during"' the reign of terror ; we
shall 'recall the 13th Vendendaire, when he raised
himself to the Tank of • General-in-Chief on the
corpses of his fellow-citizens. We shall recount his
campaigns in Italy, of which lie dared to at-
tribute .to himielf all the glory; and that Cot-
respondence with the Holy See,, that work so ,
much boasted, in which lie had no' share ; and
expedition, to Egypt, in Which .he !waded
himself with so many crimes, antlterthinated with.
so little honour. Finally, to turn our Readers'
from these sorrowful images, and to sOften the.
picture of evil by thesconternplation of good, we
will, try to -trace the history of the House of
Bourbon
_since its exile, and the criminal cata*
strophe•which has covered with most noble blood
the throne of St. Louis and of Henry the IVth. .
This work will appear by Numbers, of five sheets
each,, which will be published regularly every ,
Month. We will verity our facts by documents,
which will prove them when. we judge it neces-
sary.; we will state nothing but what is esta-
blished
,on the most incontestable authority ; for
it -is not a satire which we wish to -compose :
Faithful to the truth,. we will: tell the bad,, without
concealing the 'good ; for in what other manner can
we pretend to the confidence and esteem of Our
Readers. We will even collect-fugitive pieces, and
epigrams which have sometimes circulated in pri-
~
to the comp-anies, whenever they can be of service. ..
vate history, and when they -unite political merit
with interest."

jarnle'l7 first Number will appear in .the first fortnight

DUTCH PAPERS.

LEYDEN, .Tvim 17.—Letters from Porto Ter-
rojo mention, 014 the Sovereign of the Isle of
Elba had.formed a Council of State, consisting of
12 Members, of which General Bertrand, Grand
Master of the Palace, is President.

We learn from Brussels, that the number of
military men likely to return to Belgium, in con-
sequence of being dismiss-ed from the French ser-
vice, is estimated at •2,5,000 nien. From this we
may calculate the number of men whom the con-
scription swept from Belgium during the period
of its annexation to France.

FLAARDINGEN, MAY 15.—This day our herring-
busses put to "sea,—an.event of the 'most joyful
nature, and which we had not witnessed for many
years past. The concourse of people from the
neighbouring towns, on the Occasion of this na-
tional festival; was extremely great. The port
and river were full of yachts and boats decked
out in the gayest manner, and satisfaction shone
on every countenance.

'.['HE .HAGUE, JUNE 15.—The States-General,
whose sittings had been adjourned for some weeks,
the day bctAre yesterday resumed their delibera-
tions. The sitting was opened by a message from
the'Prince Sovereign, to the following effect :
" Noble and Nighty Lords

"At the moment when you resume ;,your im-
portant labours, it is very agreeable, to me to he
able to congratulate you on the conclusion of the
•
general peace.

"The treaty entered into between the Allied
Powers and his most Chriitian Majesty presents
to all nations the happy prospect of a long re-
pose, which will in a few years have effaced thdse
traces of calamities which so many dissensions
and wars have left behind them.
" You will have remarked in this treaty, high
and noble Lords, not witliout the most pleasing
sensations, the stipulation by which our coun-
try, such as it has been already re-established,
is, thanks to Divine,Providence and our united
efforts, confirmed and guaranteed by the unani-
mous will of the most powerful Sovereigns of
Europe.

" We are convince a tliat the calm and trail-
quality which must arise from such circumstances,
favourable in all respects, must have the most
beneficial influence on your deliberations—on
those laws and regulations which 17;11St extend

' - LONDON, • - " 4
'T'HI;JeS DAY,- UN.e f 23- tztb--

'•~ . .

_OWCE,.I o o'Ct. • ...

lYe are just fnfurmed that thg arrival of
the Duke of.- WELI,,,INGTON at 15vVer has been

announced by Telegraph... Immediate
,notice of

this evellit was sent to the Duchess, and. the peo

pie of London may now prepare to greet their new
Visitor with:rejoicings. and songs.

" See the conquering Hero comes !"

We have just •receired French Papers to the
21st, which are extremely barren. The following
are the only extracts lilt can make
" EMS, JUNE 19.--Lord WELLINGTON 2S at
present a,t Paris ; he will set out immediately for
London. . .

" MAESTRICHT, J1.72;F: l L—The French garrßon
of Hamhurgh, which is on its return to .France,
will, it is said, Pass throzigh our city. It Marches
'in ,fire columns, and Consists, altogether, of
24;100 men, and 512$ horses. • The quantity
of artillery is not known ; but it reqUires 350
horses to draw it. •

The Peers kave not adopted the dreks- of the
Senators ; they attend, however, in their ttam-
... • .
her in full dress. . • . • .

" M. DE BOUTLEEIIIE is appointed Irlnsurer.of
the Household to the Kt' ;
,apd 1.11. YE, for-
merly Valet-de-Ullimbre to Lotyis.XV.T-.. Paytuas-
ter of the :Military part of. tlie'lionwhold.
- " 'The Puke orANG6IJLEZik'SetT. Out thiS (lay
for Brest. . . •

. .
The nine CoMtniiteas of the Chamber of De-
puties have terMinated, their labojirS, .in. consi-
•dcring and pioposing the neeess:iry orders for., the
regulation's of the proceedings of the Chamber.—
Each Committee has appointed a Reporter.
" We were led into an error in announcing
that the Prince de BENEVENTO had been made 'a
Grandee of Spain of the first class. The mistake
arose from King FERDINAND having given the
Order of'the Golden Fleece to the Regent of Errs-
I.AND, the Emperor of RUiSIA, and the King of

A t
PitligsiA, to the th:lie of NITELLrNaToiI, on" -it

Prince of BENZ VENT°.

" Among the Foreignth.therals who this Trwriv
ing had. the honour to pay their cotAt t 0 ti
le
KigG, was the Doke of WELLINGTON. - 0
" General Count Gcriz is now the„Prt42.
Charge d'Affaires in France. Baran fltime°l'v
will, it is Said, reside in Paris, as Minister Pie':
nipQtentiary; as soot} as the affairs of the C°11:.
press at-Vienna have terminated.
alel
" Prince I,III.TENE ,' at-presnt oceopies l,is d
in•the Rue de Bourbon. Marshal I,lAssrNA

at a villa near Paris.
bee°
Zunicm, JUNE 11.--TraEfitlillity 1135

restored at Soleure."

•
There is a report in cireulatloni of a reric°9le
between a French anajtussian force in te"
lire trust it is unfounded.

• •
We this day continue our Extracts from?
ricati. Papers.; some. which we orcrlook.ed, ,
fore are rather interesting, particularly the ":0;
kee account of the ternzination of the 44°1,1;1
on Lake Champlain. We iinagiue they
these were only the beginning:

. •
Mr.ATETH UEN'S Motion, respectin,, therri .....
, s•
of , , conies on to-flight in the Conint-n lib,
WALES
The Party think they have discovered i 7 tills. stot
iect the c.' perpetual motion:" ft is rob - to'
some interesting facts may be disclOed i'cl3ti°,
,fl.. .
. the marriage of en Illustrious voimg kersooB'

•
• 'The abilities of the Opposition, in the
o‘‘'''
Foga° sticating prophecies, have been long nt'
S-
and acknowledged : fo-day they afford us 39 t.e
tts'
ainple of criticism upon what malt tctil
place. Clever rogues r who can not 001 Y
what...is to happen, hut
.find subjects for
version to the' iniscieeds, yet to be done by °tiro
capable' Ministers ! The s Party .Orgaill' 11.1!
throwing out some oracular hints About
way he discovered- wrong in the Treaty of 1)4 a
'goes on to anticipate what nray be further 01
in the Congress at Vienna.
cigi'
" BUt we desire to ascertain," says ta1.5
O'er
lant !artisan, " whether the character O'
" land—her 'rank inthe'Councils of Enr0.131:.---sbs
.I`..just.claims to weight in t' 1 I which
Ile t efllllll4 tbc
" made of a moral nature, in return for %511crit,
" sacrifices to which she was VI to Co'. 0,
, _ • . .
have,' been attended to ; and whether, o?r"
r r tO
" cgn4ll4 in fix Negocia4ion„ we are ill" Jo'
1
sn
". at the approacan Congres-A, •`7'Lle
° 3c,,
cc lilienc a 8 our exertions,' our TICTSCVerA o
i,, co
" 5t14055, oni• disinterestedness t‘

" mon.Cause',' entitle us to. enjoy --'
It is 'really .a. pity that these (i:Leine"' !° 011teldi
ind-e6ough of fault,in the existing Trea,tr ii 4 00
; must travel
ri
fy...7ntioshbea forward for impartial censur° Err' do
ci,::..clews.ieuffil.cieliVlt
olyulcdopniootustl:eopStl'tervec:r;,
a of
l...'iimaa.ainlitt.:l:ll.:,,,:lealePtlia:e.,t:,;:accaatelt:iet°nlfg.l(fiirfieensgetauirt..otee•eeysnicio(noi
t,gi-9a'riliie:si inimicalot
Ilt:iciclt'oeiiiel)::l3lc;to;rl:liil,ll'etif°:s
...,
n‘tvlolheto : )0,
Ttahyrea cblleeve.tclltlo.aenri
their
cobofel
oauulrlt taheinir,sliyereo:libirio:oll:::: '
...1':::
•Thettd•eSee:aeli's:reemn. 0 man of common fccliirg '113j'lli:"
itinatvetst'finnoyt lawiut
where
athlaotctallleb ;' ' ,
0-
417fliictc7,13. uitnnoetvae
as tlilst•ied
alluded
eto3oaosrel
e o''.
milesexpo exposed ctooacsltepwrehdiactbi 1141'e
ll°
::
Declaration
riulerg,iceei., ailiriaiterr
yya:ii.fsa.(.llotin
jel:llltatiel:glioleisyfl,.r,setira.oytttiyn'elsl.,e‘ortvettgitifixllliti(Plitiit,leitglijilanelingeibc6itiset:tttao‘oa.O
llP.tenficitiegti°VieolsrrViccills,e.tilsifat°:SePittS.ll3iCseVe.t.iltil'ecitlt:riell.(lfltrY'cl:ll.o,7Sis:riiilll:ittili.:et.e7:s.iji.
Mr. WHITBREAD
_the and.
reosuttl;IsiseiBwrIcswIelie.10:;11'1:11:11;111:'i4141.;-
:former '''
_ .
What does reffeilon real? the most severe colvil)':,
1- • •
upon his political conduct for the last ten Yeg": e
commcut which demonstrates that his acts
of a vi lent Party man, and not of a patriotic 0rt7,0
dependent Senator. He protests, (because it i'lier
work of his adversaries). that be would 13. 0
to to
continue the war for ever than have core '
trade for
itioi
'allow Pranee'to carry on a. slave
'years: What - then were his motives, atifi.,
,Il
Annie in the last three Sessions of radian,
.e(1,
- ly (led"'
,daring winch -be has incessassaut
~ co
and make Pea
that there was no period so fit to
lie 1)0°
with BIJONAPART2 as •that at which '• ,0
tic 0
Ile 11°"'
I bl .
plow t"
his usual harangue i 1-:Hi be not • rt., tie
to i'tsobyftergeguteinlattl•y'Meolt.eionn's,nl7ced";;P3nlel 0
Slave ..g
Buc)NAPARTE Would not abolish the '"'"
.. oCe
cipe,
with him on worse terms, in this r Oh'
_at all ?,
be thou- .
lf
How then would be have trla(„let.,!item"
with the BOURBONS ? Was it because
: AlriC3'
Slavery would not be so heavily
of
''' it if;
there existed a similar slavery tQ COl'llit°l34.3C4

tF
tie(
con
Are

Ml 4
t IV(
114e"1

~,. -•
~eS~i
~~~' ~a
~r~,..
