CORONERS' INQUEST.

THE LONDON BRIDGE S---lAras.—Lo.st night an ad-
journed inquest was held in the vestry-room of. St. Magnus
Church London-bridge, on the body of David Hadland,
aged 37, a seaman bolonging to the Sir William Bev: trey,
Bristol trading vessel, who was drowned in the Thames, in
consequence of walking down the steps on the east side
of London•bridge. The inquiry was adjourned from Wed-
nesday evening.

A long discussion took place amongst the jury as to the
present dangerous state of the steps leatiiiig from the bridge
to the River, they considering that great blame was at-
tached to the Loldon-bridge Committee, in not placing
proper protection at the bottom of the stairs.
Verdict—" Found drowned ; and the Jury request the
Coroner to represent to the London-bridge Committee the
present dangerous state of the steps, and to have them
fenced in."

REPRESENTATION OF IPSWICII.-ft writ against
Thomas Gibson, Esq., for personal bribery, has been ob-
tained, and, we understand, will be served upon that splendid
specimen of Conservative patriotism in the course of this day.
It is probable that the HOB: Gentleman will take his trial in
the Court of Queen's Bench before he takes his seat in the
House of Commons. No doubt whatever exists that the re-
sult of Mr. Wason's petition will be to place him beside his
colleague, Mr. Tufnell, as one of the representatives of fps-
wic'n —Szujah Chronicle.
MAGAZINE EDITORS.-I know how a monthly
periodical will wear down one's existence. In itself it appears
nothing—the labour is not manifest ; nor is it the labour—it
is the continual attention which it requires. Your life becomes
as it were the magazine. One month is no sooner corrected
and printed, than on coxes the other. It is the stone of Sisy-
phus—an endless repetition of toil—a constant weight upon
the mind—a continual wearing upon the intellect and spirits,
demanding all the exertion of your faculties, at the same time
that you are compelled to do the severest drudgery. To
write for a magazine is very well, but to edit one is to con-
demn yourself to slavery. Thanks be to Heaven, I have
passed my own Emancipation Bill. Magezine-writing, es it
is generally termed, is the most difficult of all writing, and but
few succeed in it ; the reason of which is obvious—lt must al-
ways be what is termed " up to the mark."—New Monthly
Magazine fir August.
ATTEMPT AT SuiciDE.---Between two and three
o'clock on Wednesday afternoon a great sensstien was caused
in Guildford-street, Southwark, by a respectable man, named
Daniel Cronin, an engineer, whe resided at No. 15 there,
with his family, consisting of a wife and five children, making
a determined attempt at self-destruction. The unfortunate
man, who is forty-eight years of age, had, for the last four-
teen years, held the situation of engineer to a large manufac-
tory in the neighbourhood, but having a fit of sickness he was
obliged to give up his employment. During his illness the
means of subisting his family became exhausted, and being
unable to obtain another situation they became reduced to a
state of extreme distress. On Wednesday Cronin returned
home about dinner time, after unsuccessfully reeking employ-
ment, and found hi; wife and children without a morsel
of food in the house, and in a state of starvation. He seemed
to feel very acutely the miaerabie state they were in, and, after
shedding tears, withdrew to the bedroom, saying he would lie
down. Here it appeared the wretched man, overcome by his
trouble, determined on self-destruction, and proceeded to ef-
fect his purpose by suspending himself with a clothes line to
the foot-rail of the bedstead. The cord, however, it seems,
was rotten, and breaking, Cronin fell on to the bed. Had he
fallen on the floor his wife and family would have been alarmed,
and the further attempt which he made in all probability pre-
ho cut himself twice across thie nisitic or roc tett-wrist., enese..-
ing to let himself bleed to death if the wound in his throat
should not prove fatal. Ills wife, surprised at his long ab-
sence, entered the room, and was struck with horror at disco-
vering her husband stretched on the bed, apparently in the
agonies of death. Assistance was ditectly obtained, and he
was removed to Guy's Hospital, where some slight hope is
entertained that he may survive. He has since expressed
great sorrow for the rash attempt, and declares that the dis-
tress of his family drove him mad.

Mn. SPENCER'S TRAVELS IN CIRCASSIA, KRINf
TAIITARY, &c.—Mr. Spencer seems to have pursued his in-
quiries among the Caucasian tribes, under circumstances of
great advantage, and the most novel and important portion of
his volumes is devoted to the subject of Circassia—a subject.
at the present moment, of great importance. His work is
full of curious and highly interesting details, as to the manners,
personal appearance, way of life, character, and pursuits of the
Circassian people; and it offers many points of description and
observation which arc as novel and important, as they are
amming, instructive, and characteristic of the singular nation
to which they relate. The work is beautifully got up, Ind is
embellished with Numerous plates, vignettes, maps, &c., which
give to it an interzst which its intrinsic merits scarcely needed.
—Naval and Military Gazette. _

INDIAN WA !C.—The villages of Hadley and
Deerfield are a standing memorial of those times, when the
whites clustered together around the village church, and their
cattle were brought into the area, every night, under ,penalty
of their being driven off before morning. These villages con-
sist of two rows of houses, forming a long street, planted with
trees ; and the church stands in the middle. The houses, of
wood, were built those days with the upper story projecting;
that the inhallitants, in case of siege, might fire at advantage
upon the Indians forcing the door with tomahawks. I saw au
old house of this kind at Deerfield—the only one thst sur-
vived the burning of the village •by the French and
Indians, in 1704, when all the inhabitants to the number
of taco hundred and eighty, bein g attacked in their sleep,
were killed or carried away captive by the Indians.
The wood of the house was old and black, and pierced
in many parts with ballet-holes. o.le had given pas-
sage to a bullet which shot a woman in the neck, as she rose
up in bed, on hearing the tomahawk strike upoa the door.
The battered door remains, to chill one's blood with the
thought that such were the blows dealt by the Indians upon
the skulls of their victims, whether infants or soldiers.—Miss
Martineau's Society in Are erica.
A letter from Vevey, in Switzerland, gives a circum-
s.aLti 1 nee( u t of a water-spout seen on the Lake of Geneva
on tl:e 21st ult. A largo tree on the border of the lake was
torn up by the roots, and a man working in the vicinity was
thrown to the ground with great violence ; no other mischief
appears to have attended the apparition of this phenomenon.
The preserved olives which are So admired, as a
dessert are the green unripe fruit deprived of part of their bit-
terness by soaking them in water, and then preserved in an
aromatised solution of salt. Several vari ties arc met with in
commerce, but the most common is the small French and the
large Spanish olives. Olives ala picholine have been soaked
in a solution of lime or alkali.

We have pleasure in stating that, by command of
the Queen, Sir Henry Wheatley has infoimed the committee
that her Majesty has graciously signified her consent to become
patroness of the approaching Musical Festival in this town.—
Bernilnyhant Advertiser.
The cultivation of the mulberrv-tree, and the raising
of silk-worms, has been adopted in Switzerland with great
success. At B isle August, in particular, this new source of
wealth has been astonishingly productive.
We hare to record one of those serious accidents
which too often occur from .the incautious manner in which
boys are trusted with fire-arms. A lad named Goult, about
14 years of age, living in the neighbourhood of Wickham-
brook, was employed in keeping birds from the corn, and being
desirous of secreting his gun during the time of his being at
meals, he was for that purpose thrusting it into the hedge with
his hand over the muzzle, arid a twig catching the trigger the
gun exploded, and produced so much injury as to render im-
mediate amputation of the arm necessary —Suffolk Herald.
During the month of June, and the first ten days of
July, the number of passengers by the railroad from Brussels
to Antwerp was 172,631, and the recelp:s amounted to
152.519 fr.

Mr. L. Hoffman, of Vitilna, has obtained an exclu-
sive patLut extending to the whple of Austria, for the manufac-
ture of sugar from the pumpkin.
PRIVATE BILLS.—Tire nu:nber of petitions Pre-
s-nted for private Bills in the past session Of Parliament was
313, of which 261 were brought in and read a first time; 229
were read a second time ; 201 a third ' - and 192 received the
Royal assent. A large numb.r of these Bills were for railways.
A ropemaker, named Arnold, has undertaken for a
considerable sum to walk backwards for one thousand succes-
sire miles, and to perform thirty miles every day untathe task
is accomplished. - Wormwood Serubbs is to be his starting

place.
A newspaper- has just been established in Persia.
A late number of the Journal de St. Petersbourg.containi se!
veral extracts from the columns of our new-born contemporary.
