SPAIN.

'MADRID JOURNALS of the 23d and 24th of
December have arrived. They are chiefly oc-
cupied with the proceedings of the Cortes during
the two preceding days, and with the official de-
tails of military operations in the provinces ad-
joining France, the results of which we have long
since known.

The :o:hoer:a/ of the 24th states, that Don
Jacob° Federico Torlade, Ambassador Plenipo-
tentiary from Portugal, had arrived on the pre-
ceding evening at Madrid, and adds to this an-
nouncement the following intelligence :

" Colonel Freire de Andrade, whom the new Minister has
:come to succeed, will return ins few days to Lisbon; the great

object of his mission—namely, the alliance between the two
nations—being completed. The treaty as concluded by both
the negotiating partiesit now before the Council of State, whose
dut' it is to examine it in pursuance of article 235 of the
Constitution."

In the sitting of the Cortes of the 22d, there was a debate
on the report of a Special Co►nmittee appointed to consider of
the formation of companies of Cazadores to act against the small
parties of the factious, or. rather, as they are called in this
report, Evil-doers ( 11falltechores ), whiCh roam about the pro-
vinces in quest of plunder. After a long discussion, the report
was ordered to be referred back to the "Committee for Some at.
terations.

In the stone sitting a report was made from the Special Com-
mittee appointed to give their opinion to the Cortes, on the plan
of a decree presented on the 13th by the Government, respect-
ing the means of expressing the sentiments of gratitude due for
the glorious events of the 7th of July.
The report begins by congratulating the Cortes on the con-
currrence, in the present instance, of the Chief of the State, the
principal agents of the Government, and the august Congress,
in the same sentiments of patriotism and national 'glory. "All
have taken an active part in celebrating those memorable
events ; and if the Government has, by the initiative which is
reserved tort in affairs extrinsic of the boundary prescribed for
the Extraordinary Cortes, proposed the idea, there exists such
an unanimity' of opinion in the Cortes on the subject, that they
have urgently recommended the prompt presentation of the pro-
posed plan. This identity of wishes on the part of the King, of
his Government, and of the representatives of the people, Per
rewarding and perpetuating the memory of the deeds of heroism
and virtue performed by the defenders of national liberty, af-
fords the best security for our written laws, and opens a career
full of glory for the elevation of the country to that high degree
of splendour and felicity which her capabilities and•the genius
of her sons•destine'her to reach. It is with regret the Commit-
tee refer to thareaddil morning of the 7th of July. At the
horrid call of the • spirit of slavery, were let loose hosts of
paid assassins, eager to dip their patricidal hands in loyal
blood, burning with hatred of our. sacred laws, and hoping
to reduce us once more to vassalage. But there were Spaniards,
cherishing liberty in their breasts, and faithful to. the oaths
they had taken, ready to make head against that iniquitous
and ruinous aggression, and to avenge liberty and their coun-
try by the total overthrow of the armed traitors, and the de-
feat of their plot. The Committee would wish that the die.
anguished names of all who participated in the glorious re-
pression of this servile rebellion' should be made to resound
in this ball : but as it is impossible to fulfil this desire, they
may at least propose in the nanie of the Congress to congratu-
late, generally, troops who on that day•formed the garrison of
this city,.the sacred battalion,—the brilliant and heroic volun-
teer local militia, and all the anned patriots who proved by their
gallant conduct how vain is the attempt to subjugate free men
who have adopted for their Moto--' the Constitution or Death.'
It is true some of the brave Champions of Liberty on that day
perished, but their ties the country takes upon herself; and
and while she sheds tears of sorrow and gratitude on their
tombs, new heroes formed by their example will arise. It was,
then, impossible for the National Representation to fail in doing
honour to the memories of :those generous citizens who sacri-
ficed themselves in theeause of ft4edom. The names of Brutus,
of Curtius, and Decius,,wlll,live while Rome is remembered.--
In like manner will the names .of Padilla, Bravo, Maldonado,
Lan u za, Luna, Bend ia, Alvarez, Daoiz, Velerde, Pallet.. Lacy,
Vidal, and Acevedo endure while Spain and freedom exist.—
The same honour belongs to those who gaye their lives for
their country', on the ith of July, • and their names are, in
all respects, most worthy of being transmitted to future ages.—
The Committee also consider rewards and honours and distinc-
tions to be due to Others, who on that clay shared in the dangers
of the struggle of fidelity against servitude. The efforts of the
Members of the Provincial Deputation, and of the Constitution-
al Ayuntamiento, deserve, to be particularly pointed out—As-
, sem bled in front of the Lapida of the Constitution, they protected
the people of Madrid in the state of political orphanship to which
they were reduced.' They took upon themselves the delicate anti
important direction of affairs in those difficul t days, thus form in g
centre of action, and a focus of patriotism. The Committee would
also wish to call to recollection what was done by the per-
manent deputation of the Cortes; but they abstain, lest any
attempt to hint at the eulogy which is due to that body should
offend the dignity of •the Congress. Triumphs and civic re-
compenses essentially contributed to the greatness of Rome ;
anti the. Committee are convinced that honourable distinctions
are the best rewards for free States, because such distinctions
serve as testimonies of the virtues they recompense. The ci-
tizen who wishes to obtain them must therefore draw on the
treasury of honour, which, with us, ought to supply many of
the wants of other treasuries, and which, within the region of
liberty, gives life to the body politic, to the laws, and to virtue
itself. Impressed with' these sentiments, and giving a greater
extension to the measure proposed by the Government, the
Committee submits to the examination and deliberation of the
Cortes the following project of a deeree : •
Art. 1. The Extraordinary Cortes recognize and declare,
that the 7th of July, 18-22,, is one of the great days which
reflect honour on'the Spanish nation ; and that every citizen,
who in any manner ,contributed to repel the aggression which
was that day made on liberty, performed an, eminent service to

the country.
2. To perpetuate so happy and memorable an event, there
shall be erected in the Plaza de la Constitution, a public Mo-
nament, on which shall be inscribed the names of the patriots
who perished with arms in their hands in the 'action, or who
died of. the wounds they received.
3, The great event shall also be represented in has Toner, at
some point conveniently visible from the Hall of the Cortes,
the artist being expected to embrace in his Composition the
most interesting objects in the greatest numbers possible.
4. Allthe Spanish artists shall be requested to present models
for the said monuments ; and he who shall receive the prefer-
ence for emelt respectively by the decision of the Academy of
Fine Arts, shall have for his reward a gold medal, bearing on
the obverse this inscription--" Liberty to Genius ;" and on
the reverse—" Madrid, July 7, 1822."
5. Those who fell in the action of the said day, or who died
in consequence of the wounds they received, and who belonged
to any of the corps of the army or the militia, shall be held to
be present at all musters, and on the names being called, the
Captain of the company in which each respectively served,shall
answer—" fie died in defence of the sacred rights of liberty,
but he lives in the memory of all good men:"
6. Those who, by their wounds, have been rendered unfit for
service, shall retain their pay, if employed by the Government;
and if not, shall receive from the public treasuryja pension pro-
portioned to their situation and wants.
7. The gratuity referred to in the preceding article shall be
extended to the widows and children of the brave men who have
fallen as before described ; and in default of. widows or chit.
dten, to their fathers or youngest brothers.
0. The Extraordinary Cortes shall confirm the civic decora-
tion granted by the Government to those who took arms in de-
fence of liberty on the 7th of July ; and shall declare that dis-
tinction one of the most glorious with which a Spaniard can be
honoured.
9. The Constitutional Ayuntandento of Madrid, the provin-
cid deputation, and the Chiefk of the garrison, and of the na-
tional militias( this city, 'sliallbe introduced into the Hall of

the Cortes, to hear from the lips of the President that the ler.
vices they performed on the 7th of July are gratefully acknow-
ledged by. the Nation ; and that they, as individuals, and the
llotlist!to which they belong, are all worthy of having it tie.
clare4 that:tbrydfserye,,,well oftheir country.
18. There shall begultlato the arms of the city or Madrid, a
civic crown, as a trophy won by the members of its Constitu-
tional Ayuntamiento for 1822.

11: The Darwin Unary Cortes also extend the sentiments of
their gratitude to.all.the Individuals of the army, navy, and
militias, and to all citizens who arc now armed in defence of
liberty, and recommend to the justice of the Government those
who may distinguish themselves in this glorious contest ; and
they avail themselves of this opportunity to declare that the
nation places the fullest confidence in the valour and patriotism
of those who combat in its cause.

12. The presenedecree shall be printed in all the official
papers published in the different towns of' the Monarchy, made
known in all parishes by the priests, and read in front of the
colours to all the corps of the army and militias, and on the
quarter-deck of every ship in the Navy, in order that all the
population of the Spains may be made acquainted with this just
testimony of national gratitude.
Senor Gaßano moved an additional article for the purpose of
giving the same rewards to the troops that suppressed the in-
surrection of the Carabineers at Cordova. This motion was
agreed to, and the report so amended was ordered to be printed.
At the close of the sitting of the 23d, the following day was
fixed for the consideration of the report.
A dispatch from the Political Chief of Ciudad Real, dated
the 21st, gives an account of the rout of a party of factious
which had appeared in that quarter under the command of a
lender named Locho. About 40 of the banditti were
and wounded, and thereat dispersed.

• MADRID, DEC. 21.
•
The tone of our Ministerial journals sufficiently predicts
what will be the answer of our Government to the propositions
about to be received from the Cabinet of the Tunnies. Take,
for instance, the following sentence :—" It is announced to us
from Verona, (observes the Vaiversal), that we shall be called
upon hy the French Ministers to send out of our territory Ge-
neral Pepe and other personages devoted to our cause. Our
answer will be simple ; we will demand that the French Go-
vernment shall begin by the expulsion.of General Eguia, Que.
sada, O'Donnel, Longa, Laguna,.&c."

[From the Constitutionnel.]
The following is an extract of a letter, dated
Madrid, Dec. 24. 'by one of the principal Mer-
chants of Madrid.:—
" Wishing ,to return your goodness in communicating the
actual state of affairs in your country, I will endeavour to
make you acquainted with our own situation. We are sue-
prized to the last degree at the language of your Ultra Jour-
nals, the gross errors and absurdities of which arddisgraceful to
the periodical press. They lie without shame in the face of eivi.
lized Europe, which can put no faith in such systematic effron-
tery. They represent this country to be in such a state of dis-
orderas is incompatible with the repose of Europe ; they sup.
pose the King to be a captive,
_ a great part-of the nation op-
pressed by a faction, anti the GovernMent delivered into the
hands of men destitute of honour. These premises being once
established, nothing is more natural than to assimilate our re-
volution with the bloody excesses of that of France ; but hap-
pily there is no truth in these representations ; and if it were,
not for some bands of the factious, who are maintained
by foreign intrigues agai.rst all justice and morality, and
in opposition •to their awn interests, nothing would be heard
throughout the Peninsula but songs of joy and peace.—
The king enjoys all possible liberty, a proof of which appears
at this moment in the Veto which he has just exercised against
several laws of exception promulgated by the Cortes. The Les-
sens which the Cortes had for taking these measures, which are'
similar to the Suspension of the Habeas Corpus •in England,
and of individual liberty in France, are declared in the long
discussion which all Europe is now able to appreciate. But the
reasons which his Majesty gives in his turn for refusing his'
sanction to them, are not less wise ; for ells reason his con-
duct has, been considered highly respectable, 'and hues beat re-
ceived without the slightest .murmur. Such is the empire
which reason exercises over the Spanish people' who have been
so basely calumniated. The ,insurgents of Catatonia have
been driven from this province, and compelled by Mina to re-
pass the Pyrenees. We expect that they will return armed
anti equipped again—but we are equally certain .that they
will again experience tke same fate. Y.aldivate the rebel,
upon whom the enemies of liberty appeared to found the
greatest hopes, has perished in La Mancha ; the Curate Me-
rino, at the head of another small boil of assassins, is wan.
dering from uwuntain to mountain, and will shortly meet the
same fate ; he presents himself, however, sometimes with 30
or 40 brigands on the high roads, and surprises some travellers
or couriers ; but he must inevitably fall at last •into the hands
of one of the columns engaged in 'pursuing Idm. Order
and tranquillity reign generally throughout the provinces; the
taxes are regularly paid, and the quin I
quince the conscription) s
levied without difficulty. The active militia of all the pro.
vinces have taken up arms without hesitation; the local on.
Brie have been wonderfully,reinforeed, and although these latter
nee s
cof only
need,destined
in their provinces, they will form, in
a
enrousCand powerful army of reserve. The
a n u
mt o serve
alliance whir Portugal is definitiv* ecnududed, and places
fresh troops at our disposition. Two nations so long rivals
have become closely united, as ROOll as the common danger'
of' an invasion 'was ahewn to them. The harmony of the'
legislative and executive functions cannot be more perfect ;
public credit is much improved, and the 'intrigues of some
tanatical priests and monks, enemies of the Constitution, have
totally failed, and become the subject of derision since the 7th
of July. Notwithstanding what I have just stated, it is no
less true that the actual state of affairs is far from being fa-
vourable to commercial transactious, which are almost stagnant.
We have scarcely any foreign commerce, but our internal
commerce is reviving daily from the necessity to which con-
sumers are. reduced, as was formerly the case in France, of
seeking among themselves substitutes for those articles of
foreign manufacture of which they are deprived. The conse-
quence Of this will be a loss to your country, so much the more
sensible, as it will be without remedy, and will continue to
increese. In the mean time the English, partly by menaces
and partly by entreaty, are constantly aiming at obtaining a
treaty of commerce, which may favour their manufactures, and
assure to them at the same time some military point in our un-
fortunate American colonies, where they are extremely anxious
to extend their commercial influence. It is said that a strong
disposition exists to conclude this treaty, and should this be
realised, France will have reason to deplore the loss of those
advantages which Spain would have preferred to offer to her
industry and her commerce., All the provocations of the French
Ultras hove failed to enage us in a war which is not desired,
though it is not feared. Don grant that peace may be maintained
between two nations united by geographical positions, and by the
tied of blood between their Monarchs. The indignation Which
the Invasion of Napoleon excited, and the calamities occasioned
by it, are not yet obliterated from the memory of Spaniards. The
hatred which resulted from It would have no bounds of termina-
tion, if we were compelled again to make preparations for a war
so unjust as that With which we are threatened. In the mean
time all the measures calculattel for a defensive or offensive war
are taken here with extraordinary vigour, though it is not sup.
posed that we shall be compelled to draw the sword. You will
find in the Universe! of this day the state of the funds, and
the price current, and you will observe, that If we have been
slower than you in placing extraordinary confidence in our
funds, we are far fronebeing discouraged as at Paris and Lon-
don. A new plan Is much spoken of which have the effect
of greatly augmenting the value of the yak, reales, if it is
adopted; reason and justice demand attention to our national
debt. This project has been hitherto suspended by the regula-
dons relative to the revenue of the Clergy, but it is now sub-
mitted to the Cortes, who will lose no time in taking it into con.
sideration. It is in contemplation to abolielf the half-tithe,
which is not duly paid, a circumstance much complained of by
the Clergy, and make another provision for them. The coin.
mums will prObably pay their Clergy in an honourable manner,
and with 50 or 00 millions of reels which will be added to the
direct taxes, all the Bishops and Canons of the Peninsula will
be suitably provided for.'
BA YONNE, DEC. 22.--lly a statement published
in the Universal, we find the Nationnl Debt, bearing interest,
amounts to the sum of 4,495,486 reels ; and that 2,602,820,052
reels is the amount of that not bearing interest. Total,
7,098,649,538 teals. The resources that can be depended upon
to meet these obligations are not yet determined, but they are
far superior to the demand, and will be incalculable, it' the
next Ordinary Cortes confirm the Decree for she suppression of
feudal rights, which will then have the validity of a law, even
though the King should refuse his sanction. ]Meanwhile, for
want of good management, the finances are in the greaten
disorder. The English Ambassador is still much in favour at
Madrid ; the French Minister is detested, and indirectly in-
sulted or despised. The forced requisition of horses is made by
a decree of the King himself at Madrid. The royal household,
the mounted national guard, and the foreign ministers, are
exempted ; hitherto, however, it is only executed in the re-
volted provinces, or in places threatened by the factious. At
Ciudad Real, and Migueltierra, where order is entirely re-
stored, about 200 horses had already been Collected,. of which
80 have been given to the regiment of Almanza, winch baffled
the conspiracy in that province. It is estimated' that this re.
quisition will supply the army with 7,000 or 8,000 horses, to be
paid for when there are the means. The snow is three feet
deep on the mountains of Navarre.
