LONDON F.451110A5.

litz%zit
aL OBSERVATIONS OF THE DRESSES OF tERSONS
t..:" TE• FROI SILLE ASSEMBLEt. OF ilk- FRE-
MOTH, OC OBER., 1814. • •
!Sflox VtStTII4G DRESS. —A tunic
.autto--J-ulue silk, made up to the trirJat, With collar, and
down the front w Slll.lll blue silk buttons ; over
IX ,01.1.4 worn
n, wi loose shirt (tress of plain, Cist!cked, Or s'rip..
fnuslith lun an g sleeves, d each side of the tront
wittileU'e" trimmed waii a quilling of lace, and tied down
44/1 wows of white satin isuband ; huon-ed round the but-
blue a deep .1.. reitch lace, confined iound the arms with
11 '!'slan. Sash &the same, tied in the front A white lace
the' lined With blitt'..hid double quilting of French net in
w Pale butt' kid slippers.
sars:„."(lNG ss. --A p.diss::. dress of autumnal brown
louo. made low in tile neck, trimmed down the front and
t‘itt: the bottom with mama:ming of vandylscd white
tilt it;
,Prilararnied w.tit saver frogs; toe sleeves buttoned on
are5,,4140 of th 4(111, to correspond with the front of the
lo pa otter the bosom is tied a light white bet mantle, scot-
ill Ntd wan acorn tassels. White satin bou-
-4411141i a bunch of %vneat un trout, and short lace veil.
liallidalb and gloves. Green parasol.

'b ur.
--"PTLON OF SRVERAL,DRESSES WORN IV LADIES OF

RANK AND rAsttioN. 4
4:14; Ran Dress.—A dress of white figured sarsnet, worn
a white sarsliet bhp, with short sleeves and quarter
4a.l4,,"oritiiieu It; tire waist by a satin band and pearl clasp ;
1,10.ud- snaps for the ears, with pearl drops; necklace, a
I.i,r4tring of pearl, with Maltese cross suspended ; white
14,1°,u,vt'4 shu,:s; a white figured sarsnet scarf thrown •
rre„'", e shoulders • the hair curled before in thick, round,
tinttu4 curls, braided behind, mixed with pearls, and con-
wor7 pearl or silver combs; a small bouquet ot flowers'
the tucker on the left side Of the bosom.
41' ''4ll Dress.—An under-dress of white satin, 'over which
ed:,,°!" a large square of coloured net, embroidered round the
‘‘ittr honr)-suckle and convolvula; it is ticd round the
I,v7.rejlite• au apron, but formed to the bosom and back,
ch is laced, and lett open behind ; the head-dress is form-
c. L smaller handkerchief uf tne same kind, mixed with
die'slll", and surrounded with a row of coloured gems, This
ts fanciful and pretty, without bring too fantastical.
11°Inespan Dress. —A slip of peach-coloured satin, over
'rich4, Was vvinii adressof blin( lade, made very new in the
w4;',,0 colifilled to tiie waist by a band and clasp of rubies,
t.
ear-rings, necklace, and cross to correspoitd; the hall
tied in thick round cubs before, twisted up behind with a ,
,
-151 e Theresa curl falling over one shoulder; a small boo-
yUet ut fancy flowers ut correspondent hue to the dress worn
,1 the osom and hair ; white shoes and gloves; an •elegant
'"...tenell b
repeater, richly set. with diamonds, with pearl chaiii
Massed through the girdle, the seals brought up to the centre
ucthe bosom, and serving as a brooch, completed this spleit.
diet and elegantelegantcress,ess, which Seemed to us of French
tt I
iot+,h
hum the glowing luxuriant beauty of the wearer,
,Kaye us inucit toe idea of Madame de Montespan, as she is
represented to us.
~'•4. Arial Fresco Dress.—A short pelisse of nankeen, bound
",111.tt lined with blue sarsnet, thrown open, displaying a vest
the same coleur ; a banditti hat ut nankeen, bound-and
ohainented. wa ti
it a twig blue °stch feather ;. watch, chain
4r
lined Neals worn in the band of the dress ; bouts of biack kid,
and bound with blue ; pettiCortt edged with a Jagged,.
neYeli kind of needle-work.
liss' At'
or Morning Walking-l)ress, A shawl pe
funned of a rich bordeicd Shawl, made without beaPIIS,
audentire from the neck to the feet, set in with a smith full-
l'e4S at the bottom o the Vtaist, which thus gives it room to
tu'ltri.le the figure;. the pound or tire pelisse is plain; the
b„,"e'ing should be very rich and wide, is left at the
tjle`t°l.ll.: culls• and collar are Made of the bordering, as is
"U 4.10 ; a small satin cap aul feather makes this a truly
b,
tlrtlt when worn with green or purple 141oro‘co
004.
uU Promenade Dresl.—A short pelisse of figured
.t:ttLt or sarsnet, with fulfpuckered collar, utittoned . the
3,..„';',"t to the lrst with 5111,11 raised silk buttons, littirig pet-
•-s-tly to e shape, without a a baudilm (fed with
‘LI' th
deep tvleotilit a small hat composed 01 satin
plaited in the furor of valid) ►kes, woin .ither Alin a
kit ostrich featlia.

FASHIONS FOR LADIES.
ACREItmANN's IiEFOSITORY OF.AIiTS, FASHIONS,

MANUFACTURES, 4tc.

MORN• D " COSTLIMA ALA DEVOTION. —A
DI.. u. Es.s
.1,
cambric high gown with suiplux sleeves, and van.
hC tioritcr round the throat. A Spanish rob,: oL
cr.ipe, or ;:arstiet, bordered with Gable trimming, aii(i
ztonetl to the shape in frA Wiltednt. Wiltedto,,b cap. coin
„,
'ell ivlitie crape and beading'. A bee-hive builnet
muss or platted straw, ornamented with white sarsiiet
kid4'l/441.• Limerick glove, and Spanish slii.pcts yr s.;a• weeti

bt
'Wt. "Els:Avs, OR Sen-nEnen Cosrus4E.—A Grecian
bows, wall high Armenian collar, bordered with treble
• b'ew, of narrow muslin, or with thre.e. rows of appliqued
4("ng A - E tunic ot ,iiik or lilac shot bart,out,
lia,. • I, gypttan
• the Ll'ellied up the front with silk cord and buttosn ; r0,.n0
oosuin and cull's to COI rCbpOilli. hamlet hat of white
ii"Perial (Atli or straw tied across the crown with white or
ribbon. A foundling cap of lace, exhibited
orn attuned „with corn-flowers. Pale tan gluvcs,
sti,est he colour of the pelisse.
white Muslin robe, with biassed bosom, formed of
• vet • • I •11 rounded collar, sittmgc lose to itie t moat,
flat ..•
1111 I,si.tt: with a rouble plaw tit; or net ; a •sasli of aincer
oh tied on the lett side. A Circassian mantle of flue India
wit:l. deep border ot. reecile..‘vorl.l or lace. Heart-
ltzt„.i.st
.renlPused of a square veil
n a broocht inif centerM uot the
York tan ialoves, and Itottian slippers of anther-
Atioted. kid.

Ate have ad‘ ices from Scindia'; camp, of so late
,-„(iale as the i of Febrhary, .at which time that
liirftain, ices his forces, %s ere encamped at a place
ca'l4llutinoop.
According to the lasi accounts received there, A-
'eer Khan was plundering the country in the neigh-
ll!c""Itood• of Oujem. The junction of the 13en,01
ahci Madras armies, ands the occupation of Scrooge by
`-ulonel Close, were known at Dutinoop. •
,s ISdahnibed Skah Khan, the ptincipal Sirdar in the
ervke of Hulkar, was at the head of a force of
i -2°PO men, at no gent distance from &Audi I's
,
if,,I4P• • He had received injUiictions from "Holliat's
ihisters' to lei.d no assistaonce whatever to Aiurer
1),11.'11. 1-101kai him eli eontiMied quite incapable of
shiess.
tilts a late skirmiSh between, Captain dt:-
lelittitnt in Bundelcund,. and the troops ut Gupaul
ththg, two European Officers were %4 ()Etudes.% ~ne of
• ti" 111, it is said, severely. The det.:cittnent waited
"e arrival of its reinforcementS at Koklie:ette.
h Some disturnanceS, 01. rather a sells us Cliaraaer,
ave 'lately occurred in tile territories of a petty
iaj4llah, near to Surat. They originated In the fa-
CiSrll of a Mahotntnedan sect, 'which has sprung
'II that quarter; and have assumed, latterly, so
.itarilling aspect,a to call for the interposition of
le British power. With some difficulty, and atter
bone bloodshed, the fanatics have been quelled.
vilt seems to be the gener4lopinioueof the foreigners
are in th:s country, that a dreadful explosion ii
s(‘29n likely to break out upon the Continent which
*.t.'ll put an end to the BUON APA ET ES, aod perhaps not
at..an eve.sit so desirable to mankind. LUCIEN
t3ISI APANT C seems to be of the. same opinion, and
tlielefore laic the reds its the adage, he is wisely rou-
ttg away from :. falling house.
SHEFFIELD.—A most dreadful thunder storm
°ok place here, on Saturday evening, which did
t Calculable .mischief in the neighbourhood, and
tiar Norton Hanmer, a respectable tanner was
r°Yin from his horse, and killed on the spOt.

We received yesterday some important informa-
tion respecting the 'affairs of South America. The
following letter is from the best authority, and gives
a narration of the progress of the revolution to.the
latest date. Liniers, it seems, has at last thrown off
the mask, and has been as,igned a command by the
Spanish party, 800 leagues in the interior of the
country.

" BUENOS AYRES; JULY 27.—1 t will be in vain
to attempt to giVe you a Telation of all that has passed
,since my last letter—l must prescribe to myself nar-
row limits. The enthusiasm which prevails in this ,
capital is to excess, approaching to insanity; the
same ardour prevails throughout the adjacent coun-
tries, which are emancipating from the maternal
despotism, arid it is only by such energy that they
can throw off the yoke, which tyranny has, during
so long a period imposed.
The Anbition and avarice of a few Spanish Go-
vernors alone 'resist our purposes, Their designs
will be completely ciisappointed by an expedition
which has left this city for the interior', cotnposed
of 2000 men. This force has comMencefl its march
for Cordova, where the Governor, disregarding the
true inttrests of his country, has endeavoured to teed
ti:e flame of civil war, and has raised for this purpose a,
battalion consisting of 500 men, el Spati.ards, The
command of these is entrusted to Don Santiago
Liniers, and to the Bishop, who are now styled
Generals of the Spanish army of Cordova. The fa-
vourable result of this just and necessary enterprize
we cannot doubt, and you yourself particularly
know the weak and indektnsive condition of that,
district, and the disposition the inhabitants of Cor-
dova have frequently strewn to obtain their liberty.
In addition to these circumstances, the Cordovese
are unacquainted with the approach of our army,
and inust,fill a saCilfiCt: to their temerity.

".Yo, ti ill be astonished iu common with all our
neihbouts at tile monstrous ingratitude of laniers
towards this capit3l, from which he has -received
nothing but favour dnd condescension, and by which-
he has been treated as one of its best and first • citi-
zt-ns. Under these obligations, his only desire seems
to be to oppose himself to the interest of the, natives,
and uniting himself with the Spaniards, to use his
utmost endea,ours to render useless the steps that
these people have taken to establish their inde-
pendence, and to' involve these colonies in all the
ues •es of the parent state. _

" As a reward for such services; Linters has been
diguified %kith the title of Duke of Buenos Ayres,
by his patron and friend Napoleon.' . There is no
doubt tt►ar lie will be punisned tor his ingratitude;
in the wean time lie is spreading the seeds of dis-
cord, and calling upon the people of Buenos A}res
to recollect the inj► les they have received him. the

English, and the impos•ibilt.ty of Maintaloing friend-
ship with. a Govsrnin.ztit of Winch they have so lately
exp.-rienced the injustice.
‘‘. These scanda.ous pi oceedingi of the Generals
and ot the Spaniard's Who fear neitig deprived of a mo-
nopoly they ha: e enjoyed for ttitee centuries, hove
out iii peeled the ltevotutton in the various territory ot

the Vicero)alty to e kingdoto of Santa Fee; in

that of Charras, Paraguay, the p►ovinces of Luegas,
thr dtstricis of Vraquai, Parana, Ivleuctosas 311 d
In all z best: pace the new Govern-

Mrlit Itas been acknowledged 'watt transport and
appl, use, as toe weans by ‘t inch they hate been de-
liveted trotn slavery, and restored to ibe lionoutaole
rank of 'lcemen. •,

It. is impossible to describe in adequate terms
the delight winch these events have . uCC:isioudd
among the various tribes of the interior, and patli-
cularly among the native Indians, to• whom, under
the new (Adel, ate conceded some of the iightsot.
eitik;ensliip, to relieve them from the darkness: and
contempt to which they have been su long consigned.
these natites signify their joy by teasts, dances, •
and sou s, - iu which they celebrant: the -valour of
their ancient Cho-f5, and. the, tragic death of their
Incas, saciiheed to Spanish ambition., under the
cloak ot Christianity.
Mimic Video alone_ resists our designs. It is
the victim ot coniulsions, and the Spaniares have
taken the Govet 'intent entirely into their own hands.
Tile), vainly !lope that the. Settlement follow the,
fu: tunes of Old Span), btu I firmly bciieve th in a
few days there wilt be a counter-revolution,
.when
they will s w
übinit peaceably to this capital, to hich,,
they ought to pay obedience. Indeed it is impos-
sible that, deriving all 'their means from us, they car!
.wittlUA 'our
" On the whole, my friend, the situation of South
Amer:el is equaliy interesting mid erratical, and its
kite foust soon be.necided.' Toe present arid future
prospects of these vaA'dorniniotis \VlA:probably be
.inat,ri:liy affected by the conduct of. 44, English
NlinistrY, of ‘%hos'edeterinioation I augur favour-
ably from the.opinion rentertain of the manifest in-
terests of that nation."

Fate —Yesterday morning, about two o'clock, a
fire broke oitt in the drying-roots of Mr. Lewis, a
on the '2d•floor of No. 28, Oiendon-siit.el,
.Hayinarket, and the flames increased so 1 ipidly, that
th,. house was burnt to the ground in a about an hour,
tnid theadjoilting premise, considerably damaged.—
The Ist fl .0r was uccuptei by Mr. T. Coram, the
fast lineal descendant ot Captain T. Coram, to whose
persekering benevolence one of the most useftd and
iespectable of our charitable institutions, the Found-
ling Hospital, owes its establishment. Mr. Cofaln,
who was not insur4, is as well known for the cor-
roiness of his taste as he" was rem irkable fOr his ge-
neral knowledge and cut ious-colleetion of the works
of the.graphic att. Awakened in the dead of night
by .1.11:1- r,vages ot a destrudive element, he was ut-
ny unable to save even a single Articiv, and was in-
dented to the humanity of the neighbouis for the use
ofappaiel. Mr. Lewis was insufed.- The inhabi;•
tauts of Edniumrs,court, aijoining, were in the ut-
most consternation ; and one poor woman, Who,.
through fright, had left her three children, be-
ing hkupily restored to her recolledion, =ran hark,
and brought them in safety from the impending
danger."

While the late fire at Plymouth was at its height,
.on Its beiag discovered that a child. was in the' toOin,
absolutely surrounded by the devouring element, on,:
of our galtatit tars burst through the flames, wrappe.l
the infant iii the bed-tie, and threw it into the street ,
where it tell unhurt.

BALLOON.

[From a Bristol Paper.]

On Monday, about. noon, the tide of people be-
gan to set, towards Stokes-croft, the place appoint-
ed for Mr. Sadler's a4censiots. Here the crowd con-
tinued to, increase, -till the ad;oiuing gardens, &Ids,
and hills, seemed one forest of people, and all the
windows, roofs, and she very trees in the immediate
neighbourhood, were covered wish speetators. The
Bristol volunteers were dravh up round the field,
and kept the ground where tire bAllison was placed
to be filled with gas. This magnificent machine
was made of silk, glazed-or painted In ribs of green
and purple; it was about thirty yards its circumfe-
rence, and the middle was goveloped by a circle,
inscribed in letters of gold, Right Hon. if idiom
lizindimni Grenville, Baro de Woollon, Cancel. Uni-
vers. Oxon.

The apparatus for performing this procesi cot;si,t-
ed of twenty-five casks with iron filings and
.water, •
into which the vitriolic acid, and other ingredients,
were poured by a funnel, in the quantities diretten
by Mr. Sadler, who continued the entire mornin,,
anxiously inspecting and ordering the whole. The
gas decomposed by this..process was concluded by
one tube from each cask, the end of which was
curved and inserted into two large tubs of water, con.
tamping a solution of lime. Thirteen tubes centered in
one of these tubs, and twelve carried the gas to the
other. In each tub was an inverted cask, into which
the gas, passing through the water, was received,`
and thence, conducted by a large tube; about a foot
in diameter, to the orifice of the balloon, at .which
.both tubes emitting; threw in the air. At first there
was a long .silken tunnel from this orifice to the
united tubes, but as the work of filling proceeded,
it _was ocasionahy shortened, till the balloon neatly
communi,:a:ed with the apparatus.
When this lab6rkus and expensive, process had
been effeded, two field pieces fired 21 roundS, which
served as a signal. The spectators within the field
(who, iron.' the convenience Ot view at-kin-tied by the
adjoining hills,,and the openness of the ground, were
less numerous than 'we could have wished) gate
three litlZZas.

The-car was then attached to the balloon, and Mr.
Sadler and Mr. William Claytield, a gentieman of-
this city, entered about twenty minutes before two,
amidst the acclamations of the spectators. The bal-
loon at first rose slo ly and majestically from the
ground, in a perpendicular directiun ; Mr. Sadler
and his scientific companion waving their hatstand
flags in the air, 'while the speaaiors seat atter them
shouts of applause and wishes hr. their safe reins n.
Ttn day was very favourab:e, and the general effect
produced was certainly supetior to that at the late
ascension at. Oxford. •

When the spectators had recovered from the first
t null° s of wonder, they began- to expres their
t e:ings ; every one wHis gratified, every one uas de-
light. d u t the grand, ur and saslitLi yof the spec-
tacle ! When " Cue sojowners in air" had 'cleared
the city and suburbs, they li t down a cat in a para-
chute, which falling upon Leigh Thwn, was nicked
up by a Inre-burner near the spo!. The little ani
ruai it -
Al a label attaated tO•its neck, inscribed to a
Medical. Gentlernan Of this city,; and we understand
-11,,s since found " a local liAbitation and_a nante'

(Balaton) under that Gentleman's hospitable roof.
The balloon now (about. 'twelve minutes from its
ascent) apt eared to the naked eye like , a globe of
twenty i icLe, in circumference, retleding tile rays
alight in a. brilliant and pleasing manner and we
conclude, that it ha,.' entered into a counter current
of air, as its course foimed a curve inclining north.
west. it ten suddenly entered a cloud, 'and be-
cattle invisible for about five minutes when' it
again appeared, and the eagerness of the spedatots
to get a'secoud glimpse of it seemed to increcse
With its distance. It now gradually diminished
upon the sight till it seemed a mere speck; and
about a gnat ter past two became invisible to " hu-
man ken." When last seen it appeared to be veer-
ing across the Ctrantiel. A subscription was set.on
foot, on the ground, for defraying the expellee of
filling the balloon, 'and other necessary, disburse-
ments i;.corred by Mr. Sadler on 41119 occasion, as
the moue, received on the field was quite inadequate
to these purpose..
Takitig the diameter of the balloon at 30 feet, as
afrutiOned by Mr: Sadler, we find that the follbw-
ing are its pi-Oki-ties
Solid capacity, in cubic feet, 24,429; circum-
ference, f 13; sqtfare yards, 452 .; superficial con-
tents, 6870'; capacity in wine gallons, ..bout
51;525 ; power 15271 b. to fill it woad require
upwards of iron titit.gs 6900 lb:
The following is the journal kept of the atrial
voyage, with which we Ila‘e been obligingly fa-
voured by one-of the, parties.
fOLIRNAL. . _

Ascended 40 [ll' t.. after one O'clock.—Two
o'clock, thertriorreter 47..-.—Quarter after two, cross-
ed from Wood.sprlng tO Cardiff, thermometer 55.
Bristol Volunteers,' widi three cheers.. 7—
Descendcd—threw cut ballast—two thirds over
Channel.—Elidf alter two descended again.-35
initi,thsceuded rapidly.-40 ;nit). over Flat Holins.
-50 min. off re-crossed Channel,
threw our all ballast. *Three o'clock, ascended rapidly.
40 min. alt A• three, neaving Devonshire.-4.5
Health to absent Friends, barom. 37.-55 inio. cif
Lyrnouth, between. Porlock and Lir,icolub, Devon-
shire.-15 min. after lbw:, descended ; every thing
thrown out four miksji-orn'3hure; calm sea lite
preservers put on—taken up by a bust lrom Ly-
mouth at five o'clock.
Theparty slept at Bridgewater, and reached Bris-
tol at half
.past twelve o'clock on Wednesday morn-
ing.

'Return of the Strength of the Native Army in'l'ortugal,
magic wider ilia Authority of Martial .Urestord.
24 Regiments of Infantry, at 1550 men - 37,000
tz Ditto Cavalry. at 594 illell - -7,12 S
6 Battalions of Chasscurs, at 6aB men 3,703
Loyal Lusitanian Legion '• • • - . 2,267
,4 Regiments of Artillery, at 1200 men - - 4,600
Ditto, • ditto, at ri4B men - - 4,542

Total Regulais - • 59.55
48 Regiments of Militia, at LLai men sz,i4t;

Total Native Army 4 1i2,403
30.003

Lritish Army, at

Total Alligd Army . 4;443

SOUTH A .11ER1C,L

THE. MARQUIS Pl, CASA UlitY.T,, HONORARY COWS-
_

SfATF, AEI) MINISTER PLENINATEN•

TIAEY OF FERDINAND VII: TO THE COURT Of

BRAZIL.

TO THE SPANISH INHABITANTS OF SOUTH
AMERICA.

" ',SPANISH AMERICANS !

" AL a time when even a useful design, opposed
the'cattrice, ignorance, and artifices o! a .powcr-
tot Administratigit w.,s construed into a crime;-I had
the zeal and disinterestedues., as many of you kilo.v,
to be the open advocate of your mercant:ie tut, rosts,
and to write -and publish . its your fivoor, with a
boldness unpractised since .the time of Cnarles the
Fifth. I have since had the good fortune, r tiler
than the me:it, to contribute to the picservatioo
and defence of some valuable Provences of this vast
Comioent, during my mission in the United Stateq.
Th.se circumstances, I flatter myself, give ale
some right to your attention, and even to your
confidence.

[The Marquis, after some general observations
on, the unity of the interests of Spaniards in both
Worlds, -proceeds to. exhibit a glowing picture of
the history of the war in Spain, and afterwards thus
continuos his Address.]
" From the preceding narrative
.tt appears, that
there are in the Peninsula E:00,000 1100pS of the
live to defend it, including the English and Portt
guTse, without comprising: in the estimate the sho-
Mishing parties which molest the enemy, wherever
lie appears—that we have many slicing places,
. which, if taken, cannot be acquired without great
waste of 'line and of blood, and that the national
armies have, with the nation from which they -aw.,
drakt n, acknowledged the authority of the R,genei,
whoSe earliest .measures have inspred so muff
sped and gratitude. Finally, the flame of patri
blazes with more effulgence' than ev,.r, .of no
i*riod since the glorious it, volution were the expee7
tations of a happy result. so Well grounded.
"'Compare this representation with the me'an-
choly accounts to .which the late shameful occur-
rences at Buenos Apes are justified, and you will
rtaiily find that the tears of that people are as un-
founded as their rnea ones to be relieved trout theui
are unjust and impolitic!.

" Inhabitants of BLenos Ayres, and-Members of the
New Government !
"'Your intentions may have been laudable, but
the plans you have adopted under tire diredion of
your zeal, perhaps misguided, terrify those who,
like myself, hate been interested lot pal, and like
myself, are- now more than ever anxiouoor your
prosperity. The explanation I have jou giv.:ll
she s that }our resolutions. have originated in-
rot-, and that their tendency is antc!) ,ociobvioug
require comment. 1,• fear you ,have opened Pan-
dories box, and t hat so far from producing happiness
in the beautiful part of the world to which you t)e-
lot,g, disorder, confusion, and anarchy, will be the
.initurtunate result .

" If Buenos Ayres be indifferent to the honour,
And insensible to the calamitie, of our unhippy
try ; it she forgets those noble sentimeuts that hav
hitherto distinguished her ; if she persivs in a con-
.duct that shall extinguish her former glory) and
ef-
face ti,e emblems of victory aod pasilotisnt which
have decorated her brows, you, good inhabitants. ot
Peru, of Chili, and of the other territories of this
part of the world, will, by your unceasing
.fidelity,
vindicate the honour of South America, -so unhap-
pily compromised by that ill judging capital. - Yon
are armed against seduction, anal against domestic
and foreign enemies, and will drive from your . pre-
sence with indignation thise who spread false txcs
as to the condition of the mother country, after-
wards to poison the. public mind, and to le4d it
more successfully to ingratitude and parricide. This
the 'time that the. Spaniards of both worlds ought
to draw closer the precious bonds by, which they are
united ; now they should dissipate every breath 'of
hatred, and fraternize .and -identify themselves with
each other—now that the trittn:polis has herself
-broken the chains by which you were oppressed, and
declared her American children to be au integral p re
of the Spanish Empire. This is the first employ-
-ment which she has made of her liberty in the
-midst • of•her accumulated diffiCulties and distresses,
and which liberty has cost her, itid will continue .to
;cost her, so much blood: nd so many sacrifices.—
Is it possible, that when she extends her maternal
hand to the Spaniards of. America, to the descendants
of those illustrious heroes Who founded these domi-
nions, that she shall receive in return selfishness area
ingratitude; instead of that dignity of 'mind and .ge
neroSity of conduEt so conspicuous in your prede-
cessors No, Americans, I will not believe th:it
you will be thus disgraced—your past conduct, yon:,
.repeated professions, the emMent examples of 'yoiir
liberality, all assure us of your unchangeable, iii
alienable. Pzitriotism. Spain yet exists--she yet'exis!s
with honour, and will ultimately exist with-glory
and independence; and when posterity, ditectiltg
her astonished attention to this brilliant epoch of
history, pay the deserved 'tribute of admiration
the valour, • the constancy, and the fidelity 6-1 Sda-
niards towards Ibeir beloved and. legitimate Ml-
parch, she shall turn her eyei, and feel-the satne•aet-
initation tor-this happy Continent, unalterable in ire
loyalty towards the same Sovereign, and then
she exclaim---j These also were great, these
Were generous, these also loved.Ferd,nand VII. ; irt
• a word, theSe als'a'were•Spainarth
" 'EL MARQUIS Ds CASA YET:JO."
" Rio Janeiro, June i 6,

The ..vell-knovio James Macoul is now a prisoner
in Chester gaol, under sentence of six months iin-
prisonmeni for havingimpiements of housebreaking
tOund in his possession.

Mr. Notzel, who died lately zit Woolsthorp, near,
Belvnir Castle,vvai a native of Switzerland, and par.
ticinarly known. fur having szwecl the life of the great
Marquis of Granby who ever after, as well as the
ianiiiy of his Grace the Duke of Rutland, evinced
the greatest friendship a:4.i esteem for him. MP Zei
can ied the standard at the funeral of Grace thellake
of Rutland, in November 1787, who died wlea
Lord Lieutenant •ot Ireland.

• The electiuti of the rector of Ovington, in Norfolk,
will take place on Wednesday, the 24th of Octu-
ber next.

[

Tail L FO It Rl' TS IN CHESTER.

THE KING V. GE;)itGs TANTLOIt, ALEX. 51`,GREGOR,
EVNNi, GILL, JOHN GUU,GII, AND

JAMES A NE.1"1%.,
On Saturday morning last, the above cause came ,
on at the Castle of- Chester, before Chief Justice
-DALLAS, Justice Bu tiToN, and a spwcial Jury.
Mr. WILLLIMi having opened the case,
Mr. BaNvoN, for the prOsecntions!ated, that this
was an infortnation directed by the
_Court of King's
Bench, against the persons above-named, for a riot,
commitied in the city of Chester on. the Oth Jan..
8 t 0". The Learned Counsel proceeded to sta e what
consituted a riot accordiog to the meaning of the
law..-!--"lWhen three persons or more shall assemble
themselves together, with an intent mutually to as-
sist each other aga.,nst any on 6 who shall oppose
than • in the execution of 'any enterprise of a private
nature, with force and vidlence against the peace,
and to the manifest terror o'f• the people, whether
the act intended were of itself lawful or.unlawful ;
if they only meet to satili• a purpose or intent,
altliou;h they shall after depart of their own accord
without doing ail thing, this is au unlawful as-
sembly."
It become his duty to state, not only the names of
the parties implicated, but also the situations they
held. Taylor was clerk to Lord GrosVenors chief
seward—M`Gregor was overlo.,ker to his Lord-
ship's works now carrying on at Eaton—;.EVatis was
Wiilitf or colledor of retvs for his Lordship—Gill,
a const.ible Of the.citx—Gough, a earter--Land Amer,
huatruati at Lord Grosvenor's terry,'at • Eaton.
• The Learned Gentleman said, that however averse
he Weas to en-ter into the hical politics of the city, yet
Me telt himself compelled to do so, as without some
explanation .41 this point, it would be
.impossible to
tender his case intelligible to the Jury. He was de-
legated ty the Crokt n to toy bet ote the Court the
dangerOos consequences of •the riotous conduct of
the. men implicated, and was sure that the respect-
able Gentle:ben 01 the Jury, many of whom he had
the honour of knowing, would not be actuated in
their'Verilict by any colsideratiobs but those of im-
partialt y and justice. As all men were influenced by
gnomic', ii must be evident, that these -rioters had
an object by which-they were governed. To gite a
clear view f this object, it was therefore necessary
to observe, that in 180, 'when a General Election
took look place, a very iespedable Gentleman '(Co-
lonel Haninei) 'offered himself as Representative for
the city, with General Grosvenor (the other Mem-
ber ha v tno resigned)), Mr. Egeriou, of Oulton, a
Gentleman well knot n, but nu further known than

• respected, also otivred himself •48 a Represewative,
be.,presitt.red in oppositiun to Colonel Hamner, _ and
Was returned toY4liametit by the citizens, whom
• he now represents. The citizens or -Chsster, as
naiUrftl, considered they had 'gained a trptupb
int.he return of Mr.. Egerton; in favour of freedom
• and' independence. The Learned Gentleman said
.that public opinion +.%ai entitled to respect, and
it was to. be supposed (hit that opinion Would
discSyer , EVrly ‘intlividu,ll had a feeling,
and the cause of freedom was a stil*,t they
Rot onlY 'might, but ought to indulge in—a blessing
to be-ti;hly valved, and dearly loved. Hence it was,
the, ne'wsimpers celebrated the eletit—the theme
*ai echoed and re-echoed by the freemen.; and it
was the operation .of this leivour,', that produced a
song, of which the Court would hear much here-
' alter, called the Glorious Sixth of May, (the day un
which INlt'.Egc.rtonwas returned to,Parliainent) and
which had been set to music..l.l4 had seen this song,
and could. discover nothing in it, the least offensive,
and he undetstOod his leJrved Ft lend (Mr. Yates) had
not only beep the bOn--g,
but heard the music also, of
which be had gi.ven hint soiavourable a report;, that
not hayitig much time to attend c.oncerts hunselt, he
felt inclined to have the tune set to a baud organ

for tits own amusement.
N9w, said Mr. Benyon, Miss Holliwell having
engaged the Theatre, for a concert solely with a
eitew of benefiting herself, announced in her printed
bills, that this song, being such a favourite with the
citizens of Cl.:esier, would constitute. part of the
perlortnance. h its conceit was fixed for the 3d of
.I,lnuar),„ in the .pre,etsit year. Although no eels of
violence were committed on that et ening, yet
a party had placed themselves in the pit, and
greatly annoyed the performance.
e concert was again advertised for the 12th
of January, and this song again announced. It was
ou.the.evenitig of this day, • that the riot for which
the defendapts stood indicted, took place, and tie
should take the liherty of stating some of the prin-
cipal oLcurrences, before by ceded witnesses .to sub-
stantiate the facts. Betweeti tour and five o'clock
in the afterueun, a, met) etitertd Haedbridge, ,con-
tie, nig nearly of one huedred persons, and coinpu,ed
pi incipally ot, countrymen, labeurers, who. were soon
joined by a number of strip-carpenters. eLa) lor, the
clerk of Lord Gru:.venor'.s chief stew ear, appeared
to be commander in .chef of this mob, and .i.Vl`Gre-
gor, overlooker or his Lordstip's works at Eaton,
ranked second in cue:ma:id. They had marched
tt.ese forces from E.ccieston, and were themselyes
at the head of tbetreon horseback. In Hatidbridge.
the mob halted, and were treated wilts liquor at. a
public-house !bele. It was-evident that this assetn-
blage was not.. prorni,cuoudy , collected together.
They had a certain object to accomplish, and for
this purpose,- there was a regular systima:ic plan,
nu& comsputiqjtig, arrangements; this was an or-
iranized force of horse and foot, armed with sticks
and. bludgeons,. and provided with clappers; and'
other in trutnents of entice nee ; had tickets for
the concert purChased for them, and distribut-
ed atnongSt them. The Learned Counsel proceeded
to state, drat on leaving the. publiC-house in Hand-
bridge, they proceeded towards the city in,a tumul-
tuous ;eel riotous procession, shouting and brandish-,
ing their clubs, preceded by theitetwo champion's
abo.e named on tiorsebac.k.—On their progress up
bridge-so-tet, Alley were met by the chief magistrate
near the Feathers-Inn, who accosted Taylor,, re-
monstrated with hint, and requested him to desist.
—His worship said, " i3rd you kpoW me i" Taylor
replied, " Yes, you are the Mayor."—He did not
