r-Ai do/lit

No. 12,465.)

PUBLIC MEETING
FOR THE PURPOSE OF ESTABLISHING AN
EQUITABLE LABOUR EXCHANGE.

Yesterday a public Meeting was held at the Ir-
stittvion of the Industrious Classes, Gray's Inn-
road, for the purpose (as announced by the adver-
tisement) of taking into consideration the report o'
the Committee appointed at a former meeting, held
to consider the best mode of establishing Equitable
Llbour Exchanges ; to remedy, as far as practicable,
the want of beneficial employment, arising from a
false and artificial standard of value, and the defi-
ciency of the present imperfect circulating medium;
and also to consider the practicability of establish-
ing these Equitable Labour Exchanges in every
parish throughout Great Britain and Ireland,
and to put an end to pauperism, at present so
alarmingly on the increase. About one thousand
persons were present, amongst whom we observed
several ladies.

At a quarter past one Mr. OWEN took the Chair.
After explaining the business of the meeting,
The SECRETARY read the report of the Com-
mittee, which set out by stating the great inequali-
ties of the different classes of society, and the deep
distress of the productive classes, who,-though cre-
ating the wealth of . the whole country, created it
for the benefit of others, enjoying but a very incon-
siderable and very inadequate portion of it them-
selves. In order to obviate this, the report pro-
posed to establish equitable exchanges of labour for
equal value of labour. The only difficulty antici-
pated by the Committee in the way of establishing
these exchanges, was the want of money capital to
supply the means of putting this mighty engine into
action. The lowest amount required for this pur-
pose was 2,0001.—a larger amount would be de-
sirable. This sum they were unable to raise with-
out the assistance of capitalists. The Committee
had, therefore, prepared a plan, by means of which
the money might be raised without allowing the
capitalists to exercise an undue influence over the ex-
changes. iNo money would be borrowed from those
who would not subscribe to those regulations, and
the Committee were happy to state, that they had
already obtained subscriptions to the amount of
1,0001. The exchanges were to be made at the
actual cost price of the material, with the value of
the labour added to it. And though in the first in-
stance, it might appear to the producer that his
profits were diminished, yet as he would obtain
other commodities at the same rate, he would in
reality be a gainer. By these means they would be
enabled to do entirely without capital, but it was
necessary, in the first place, to possess themselves
of money, in order to enable them to do without its
tie.—( Cheers.)
Mr. MURPHY proposed the first resolution," That
the report just read to them should be received."
Mr. BRA/3Y seconded the motion, which was
carried unanimously.
Mr. SAVAGE proposed the second resolution,
" That an equitable labour exchange should be now
established in this institution, on the principles re-
commended in the report."
Mr. O'BRIEN seconded the resolution, observing
that there would be no risk, and much benefit, if
the undertaking were conducted upon a large scale.
The goods proposed to be exchanged by co-opera-
tors were, in the first instance, to be deposited at
the Bank—then a labour price fixed upon them by
the Valuing Committee, which price would be
nothing more than the cost of production, with the
addition of a small per-centage, in the nature of
commission. They would thus have the full benefit
of their labour, without the intervention of any non-
productive class to tax their toil. The fact was,
that four-fifths of the wealth of the country were
consumed by parties who produced nothing, and
thus but one-fifth was left to those who produced
the whole. One of the objects of the bank was to
remove that evil, and amalgamate the unproductive
classes with the great body of the people. The
operation of the plan would be, he thought, the
simplest awl most satisfactory imaginable. A co-
operator produces any given article; he presents it
at the labour bank with a certain value affixed to it.
If the Valuing Committee agree with him as to that
value, it becomes the price of the commodity, and
a labour note is issued stating that to be its price,
and the amount of that price be could obtain in any
article deposited at the bank for which he might have
occasion; a small commission of 5 per cent. being the
only charge above the cost price. The saving thus
effected was too obvious to be further insisted on,
for that having included the profits of the banker,
the wholesale dealer, the retailer, and, in too many
instances, the profits of the pawnbroker also. Some
time since he attended a meeting in Birmingham,
where the question of negro slavery occupied the
attention of the meeting. He told the meeting that
which was the fact—that the negro slaves were well
fed, well lodged, well clothed, and had twenty-
eight holidays, besides Sundays ; they bad also a
piece of ground to cultivate for their own use and
that of their families; and though they received no
wages for their regular work, they had wages paid
them for any extra work which they might be will-
ing to do in after hours. In that way they were
enabled to earn money, which in some instances they
afterwards used for the purpose of purchasing their
emancipation. A slave in the West Indies was worth
101., 201., or even 801., then how much was an Eng-
lishman worth ? he was worth 40/., less than nothing.
Circumstances were now highly favourable for the
change which the promoters of the Association
sought to bring about—they had it in their power
now to accomplish a great revolution, effected by a
great moral force acting on commerce and manufac-
tures, and yielding to them, as he said before, a
market ad infinitum, and upon terms the most ad-
vantageous to those for whose benefit the exchanges
were effected, since the intermediate classes, who
created nothing, and consumed so much, would no
longer exist in that capacity—not that they would
be left without employment. Quite the contrary.
Fresh sources of occupation would instantly be of-
fered to them, and they would soon find the means
of gaining a more ample livelihood by honest indus-
try, than by the trickery to which tradesmen were,
lie confessed it, 'Compelled to resort, in the present
unnatural condition of society.
Mr. LYON hoped the day was not far distant
when metallic currency would disappear from the
business of life.

The CHAIRMAN said that nothing would be
easier than for co-operators to dispose of labour
notes, at any time, and for good value, and for any
article that they might want.
The resolution was then put and agreed to.
Mr. SAUL moved a resolution, declaring that the
names of all persons willing to make a deposit of
201. each, be then received, and certificates as share-
holders issued to them. It was proposed that the
capital subscribed in the manner set forth in the
prospectus, and declared in the resolution which he
held in his hand, should be held indivisible, and
should be appropriated to the furtherance of the ob-
ject which they had in view. He hoped that de-
claration would be taken as an earnest of the good
faith and good feeling with which they entered upon
their great work.
Mr. AUSTIN seconded the motion.
Mr. O'BRIEN declared himself a warm advocate
for the abolition of slavery, but contended that
the good old maxim, " Charity begins at home,"
should occupy their first attention.
Mr. OSBORNE supported the resolution. Ile
complained of the predominance of capital over la-
bour, The labouring man in reality did possess

v,
irisv-r-
• -4,.. • ...,--.4.
\ . •tr
o 41, ""*' ,'.
17 taw 4' 4.
,
•1, i
, •• , , , s
4.4-... •
"V
~,,. (:. .. •'!••:".E7.7::::::XF---
2,*---'''-'------
0. C, r. , z .... , , ,wd, • ..... ~.. -..,,.\—.. _. ,
/ 74' '71,,'•,- ' -.i. -,-:, 1- • .
A 1,4. ~.* -,, - - re/ '' "' . ''' ':, '''' ( '''':
- ‘-k-.".Z•41.),.7. -;----'/':' • '''. ---....:-'',T4',.- '''
.
A. :1•'
4 j
.. ~...„.,,,.,„.,..e.„...„„1
.._.,....•••• 7 -.' -.Y./ \,,,,r,?-...-.4,
-- -
.-..:
te:, ll -.-- (A t-r
'''') ' •;.' {'sti 7 ath.ri )iti 4 •' ; - .*-, - •,-
( •4. --V •-•:-.7',, •',.t • . ;-•.- ,
-.- ~... ••i , ..
" .
-• --,', . ':.
•••"--- ,--,.:
.4,..'. . • PA- -. ' r ii,-;t-4-:',-: :,,..... ,:: • ~r, - -
' <•-•-C--*.ii,.- • , : ' ,
---
_- •t , • ;4;, !ilteric-cti I ;`4-*`l-4'r . •11), 4)' A
44:y) V* .--1 pi, :ik)A,....4 %-....„.)
---.44,...1, Lte •di,.!___..— I ri, 1,___,11..',

(PRlcis 71).)

kind; it was a red mark. His Majesty, after 1,
moment, took his bat and went to the window
again. I saw his Majesty's head soon after, and
there was a mark on it about the size of the head of
a desert spoon, but the next day it had gone. As
soon as his Majesty returned to the window, I went
to where the prisoner was. I asked him several

questions as to-the cause of the attack. He said he

had been an in-pensioner of Greenwich Hospital,
but was turned out of it in December last for some
quarrel with a wardstaan. He seemed under a
strong sense of having been wronged and injured.
He said he had been begging the whole of that day,
and had got but one halfpenny. As he had the ap-
pearance of having been drinking, I asked him
where he got the money to pay for it, and he said
that he had got a shilling from a gentleman the day
before, which he had spent in beer : he said he did
not care what became of him—that he would as
soon be shot or hanged as be starving in the streets.
To me he appeared no otherwise affected than as a
man who had been drinking until he was half tipsy
would be. He acknowledged that he had thrown
two stones at his Majesty, and that he had picked
up three, with the intention of throwing them all at
his Majesty.
Cross-examined.—The prisoner appeared in a
state of considerable excitement. He seemed to

heard from his learned friend, he would be in►pri.
soned during the pleasure of the Crown. He was
sure that the Sovereign did not wish the death of
this unfortunate matt, and that the kind-hearted feel-
ing which characterized the British navy, of which
his Majesty had so long been a distinguished mem-
ber, would urge his Majesty rather to pity than to
punish the poor deluded old man. He was certain,
therefore, that this prosecution did nor emanate front
his Majesty, or from his Learned Friend the At-
torney-General, but had emanated from some of his
M.jesty's Ministers, for it savoured more of the cold-
ness of the statesman than of the generosity of the
Prince. This he would say, that if the Government,
instead of prosecuting this unfortunate man, had
prosecuted those whose object it wai to undermine
the religion, the morals, and the Government of tl;e
country, they would have done right; and if, it:-
qead .of seeking the life of this unfortunate pri-
soner, they had prosecuted those rho hell up to
scorn and contempt our illustrious Queen, they
would then be deserving of our reverence and re-
spect. The Learned Gentleman concluded by ex-
pressing a hope that the Jury would fi:;cl the pri-
soner of insane mind at the time he committed the
offence.

Mr. Justice BOsANQUET informed the prisoner,
that though two Counsel had been lac and for him,
he might say anything he pleased for himself.
Pr►soner-1 have no questions to ask the Jury,
my Lord.

Mr. SWABEY informed him that he might address
:hem if he wished.

have been drinking, He was not intoxicated, but
what people call half-drunk. He had a few old
crusts and other bits of broken victuals in his greasy
cap. He certainly seemed in a state of great desti-
tution. The broken victuals which I saw in the
prisoner's cap were such as a man in want would eat.
By Mr. SWABEY—Were they such as no man
would eat who could get better 2—(A laugh.)
Colonel Wood—Every man, I presume, would
prefer better; but they were such as if I were in
want I would eat. They had the usual appearance
of broken victuals—a few brown crusts. The pri-
soner certainly had all the appearance of a man in a
state of great destitution.

Earl Brownlow, examined by Mr. MAULE.—I
was in the Royal stand on the day in question, a
little on the left of the King. I heard something
come through the air, and saw at the moment his
Majesty put up his hand to his head and say " I am
hi:." At the same moment I saw the stone come
in at the window, which I picked up. I said,
" Here is a stone thrown in.' His Majesty said,
" Where is it," and I took it up. The Noble Lord
here produced the stone, which was a common
jagged piece of flint, and appeared to be about four
ounces in weight. (It was handed to the Court
and Jury.)
Richard Gardner—l am a Bow-street officer. I
was on duty on the 19th of June, at Ascot-races. I
was within a very few yards of the Royal stand, at
the window of which his Majesty was standing. I
saw his Majesty struck on the head by a stone.
The remainder of this witness's testimony was only
a repetition of the evidence which had been already
given by those who had been before examined as to
the prisoner's admissions.

Prisoner—They are all strangers to rne. Then,
as if recollecting himself, he salt! he would sry a
few words to them if his Lordship pleased. He
then proceeded with bis address, but the inco-
herency of his remarks, and the unexampled rapi-
doy with which they were delivered, prevents our
giving more than an outline of their import. He
began by stating, that he bad served on board a
man-9f-war; that he had sabsequently served their
Majesties George 111. and IV. as a warrant-officer.
That after he was discharged from the navy in
May twelvemonths, he was admitted as an in-pen-
sioner in Greenwich-hospital, where he remained
till the 16th of December last. Ile had been given
to understand while at Greenwich-hospital, that Sir
R. Keats owed him a grudge for something which
he (the prisoner) bad mentioned in conversa-
tion. He had afterwards some dispute with the
mate of the ward, and Sir R. Keats wrote up
to the Admiralty on the subject, the result of
which was, that a letter came down for his dis-
charge. He afterwards petitioned the Lords of
the Admiralty, but without effect, and that after-
wards, on the 19th of April, he petitioned his Ma-
jesty ; that he went to the Palace and inquired at
his Majesty's private door. He went again on the
27th: April, and was told that if he would go to the
Admiralty he would find a letter that had been left

there for him. He then went across the park, and
asked the porter at the Admiralty what answer the
King had sent. The porter then brought down
three letters, and told him by word of mouth that
the King could do nothing for him. He brought
the letter with him to the Admiral Duncan public-
house, where there were many who knew the hand-
writing of Barrow. The letter from his Majesty mt.;
part in print and part in writing, and the persons
there who knew the hand-writing of Barrow wele
willing to swear that he had forged the letter sent
to him to the bar of the Admiral Ituncan
public-
house, and that his Majesty knew nothing whatever
about it. He went on to say, that on the 13. h,
_ _ _ _ _ _ _

Richard Dredger, the clerk to the committing
Magistrates, produced a confession made by the pri-
soner before the Magistrates, and to which he (the
prisoner) had put his mark in witness's presence.
It repeated the story about his dismissal from
Greenwich-hospital, and his ineffectual attempts to
get back the pension to which be had been entitled
before he was admittel to the hospital. It then
admitted the fact of the throwing the stones, but
expressed regret for having struck his Majesty.
This was the case for the Crown.

Mr. SWABEY, on the part of the prisoner,did not
stand there to controvert the fac:s of this case, as
they had been given in evidence; but he thought
he had a right to call upon the Jury to investigate
thoroughly the motives which had led to such ab-
surd and irrational conduct on the part of the pri-
soner,—conduct so different from that which was

the result of those motives that usually operated on
the human mind. It was for them to consider
what motives could possibly lead to such absurd
conduct on the part of this unfortunate man—what
inexplicable motives could have induced him to do
that which had placed him in his present painful si-
tuation, and whether, at the time he committed the
act in question, he was really aware of what he was do-
ing, and of the consequences that might result from it.
He did not call upon the Jury to come to the con-
clusion that this unfortunate client was mad, but he
did call upon them to arrive st this conclusion,—
that the prisoner, at the time he committed this act,
laboured under an aberration of mind, so as not to
be capable of controlling his own actions. This
was not an attempt at assassination,—it was an act
of folly, for which it was impossible to assign any
motive that could be considered as influencing a
rational mind. The Jury would perceive from the
evidence, that at the time this act was committed,
the unfortunate prisoner was ground to the soil of
poverty, oppressed with the severest penury, and
suffering under the combined effects of hunger and
despair. It was in such a state of mind as that that
the unfortunate and wretched man committed this act.
He had not played the assassin's part—he called for
no bowl—be clutched no dagger, to take away the
life of his Majesty; but, at a moment when hunger,
and the effects of despair, had deprived him of his
reason, and when misery had rendered him weary of
existence, he proceeded to the commission of an
act, the folly and absurdity of which was unprece-
dented in this country. It was impossible that a
man in a sane state of mind could have thrown a
stone, as he had done, at his Majesty : but had
hunger no pang ? Had despair no object ? Had this
unfortunate and wretched man no claims on their com-
passion ? He did not assert that the prisoner was mad
now, but he would maintain, that when he committed
this act he was not in the possession of his sound
senses,—that, in fact, he was, in other words, 71011
compos menus. The Jury should recollect that the pri-
soner had received a wound in the head ; that per-
sons so situated are very liable to receive false im-
pressions, and that when they do, it was extremely
difficult, if not impossible, to eradicate them. He
(Mr. Swabey) would not attempt to conceal or to
extenuate the follies of the unfortunate man, but
still if the Jury should acquit him, they would send
him forth a miserable solitary outcast, with no horse;
to go to for shelter,—no domestic hearth to welj
come him,—cheerless and desolate he would wander
abroad, without any one to rejoice at his delivery—
" No children run to lisp their sire's return,
And climb his knee the envied kiss to share."
To him death, without disgrace, would no doubt be
preferable to a miserable life. He (Mr. Swabey)
was ready to admit that the prosecution had been
conducted with perfect fairness on the part of the
Crown. The question for the Jury,to ask them-
selves was, whether this man was in a sane state of
mind at the moment when he committed this of-
fence. He would now leave the case in their hands,
perfectly satisfied that they would do the prisoner
justice.

14th, and 15th of June he had not broken his fast.
Ou the Sunday morning he went up to Sir Charles
Rowley's house—Sir Charles Rowley, whose father
was an Admiral. Sir Charles Rowley began to
swear at him, and said, " your eyes, what do
you want here ?" and he kicked his --, and told
him to be off. In conclusion the prisoner said, that
after having served his country for years, he was
without house, home, or victuals—that he was ex-
tremely sorry for what he had done, and that he
hoped his Majesty would hare mercy upon him.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied, after which
Mr. Justice BOSANQUET, in summing up the evi-
dence, said the prisoner at the bar was indicted for
the crime of high treason—a crime different from
others in this respect—that the overt act alone did
not constitute the crime, but the mete intention to
commit it would be sufficient; but the intention
must be followed by some act or acts which must
1):: proved by two witnesses. It was for the Jury
to determine by the evidence laid before them, whe-
ther the intention, as it was charged by the indict-
ment, had been made out. An allegation of insa-
nity had, in this case, been made on hehalf of the
prisoner. Now if the Jury should be sati.fied, from
the evidence, that the individual charged with a
particular crime was of unsound mind at the time he
committed it, the law provided, that though he
might be acquitted, he should still be detained at
his Majesty's pleasure. But before a Jury could
arrive at such a conclusion, such evidence must be
laid before .them to show that the mind of the ac-
cused had been deranged previously and at the time
of committing the act, because the law presumed
that every man knew what he was about, and what
what would be the effect of his acts, unless the con-
trary were shown. It was a new case to set up a
plea of derangement, without a single witness being
called who was acquainted with the prisoner, to
speak as to the state of his mind before the act was
committed. It was for the Jury to consider whether
the prisoner knew what he was doing, or whether
he was of capacity sufficient to know the copse-
quencesof the act.

The Jury then retired, and after an absence of
about ten minutes, they returned to Court, when
the Foreman said, " We find the prisoner Guilty of
throwing a stone, with an intent to do his Majesty
some bodily harm."
Mr. Justice BOSANQUET —Gentlemen, do you
mean to say, as it is charged in the indictment—to
do his Majesty bodily harm, tending to maim and
wound his Majesty ?
The Foreman—We do not find the prisoner
guilty of intending to destroy his Majesty; but on
the fifth count—of intending to do his Majesty bo-
dily harm.

Mr. Justice BOSANQUET—Then, gentlemen, you
find the prisoner guilty on the fifth count, of com-
passing and devising bodily harm to the King, tend-
ing to maim and wound his Majesty.
The Foreman replied in the affirmative, a..d the
•erdict was so recorded.

The Clerk of the Arraigns then called on the
prisoner to say why sentence of death and execution
should not be pronounced upon him ?
The prisoner made no reply, but appeared as little
affected at his awful situation as at any other part of
the proceedings.

The Judge; having put on their black caps,
Mr. Justice 1103ANQUET addressed the prisoner
to the following effect :—" Prisoner at the bar, you
have been convicted, after a careful consideration
of your case, of the crime of high treason—namely,
of compassing and intending bodily harm to the
King, tending to maim and wound his Majesty ; and
in lifting up your hand against your Sovereign, you
cast aside that bond of allegiance which binds the
Sovereign to protect his subjects, arid the subjects
to obey the Sovereign. In doing so, you have
subjected yourself to the extreme sentence of the
law ; and it is riot for me or my learned brother to
offer you any prospect that a remission of that sen-
tence is to be procured. You have stated that you
are sorry for the offence you have committed. If
you really feel contrition for the offence, it is not to
us you must address a representation on that sub-
ject, but to that quarter from which alone mercy
can be everided to you in this world. We cannot
interfere upon that subject ; and I would have you
understand, that in what I have said to you, I do
not by any means mean to hold out to you the ex-
pectation that such a representation on your part will
be attended with success. That would be beyond the
bounds of my duty.l have only mentioned that channel
through which mercy, if any mercy is to be ex-
tended to you, can come. My duty now is to pro-
nounce upon you the sentence of the law, and 1 do
earnestly exhort you to reflect on the confusion
which must have taken place if your attempt had

Mr. CARRINGTON next addressed the Jury, and
said—The Jury should take the state of his mind
and the circumstances under which the offence was
committed into their consideration. They should
recollect that he was a man who had received a
wound in his head,—a circumstance notoriously tend-
ing to occasional aberrations of intellect;—that is
was a hot day ;—that he had drank a shilling's
worth of spirits; and that, in fact, his head was
turned when he committed the offence. If they
believed that he did not intend to do more than he
actually had done, they could not find him guilty of
this offence ; and if they believed that he was not of
sound mind at the time of the act, they would bring
a verdict to that effect; and, as they had already
