THEIR MAJESTIES.

(From the Windsor Express of Saturday.)
Both the KING and QUEEN, we are happy to state,
continue to enjoy excellent health. The Princess Au-
cusra, who has been indiposcd for a few days at Frog-
more, is again convalescent.
This day Lord NAPIER, of Runnel-node, Lord ASII-
EROOK, Mrs. General YANSITTART, of Binfield Lodge,
&c., called at the Castle, and wrote down their names.
This evening, the Baron and Baroness Bue.ow, Lord
PALMF.RSTON, Sir - De Bolton, &c., arrived at the
Castle, and had the honour of (lilting with their MAJESTIES.
Lady SYDNEY and Lady ERSKINE, with their respec-
tive families, and Lady FALKLAND, are on a visit at the
Castle. Lady MARY Fox left Windsor this day for
London.

On Monday their MAJESTIES and suite go to London,
to visit the Exhibition, and return the same day.
On Thursday, the Bth of August, the KING will give a
grand entertainment to the field officers of the Royal
Artillery of Woolwich, the Officers of the Ordnance, &c.,
at which it is expected that his MAJESTY will present that
distinguished corps with a magnificent piece of plate.
The dinner will take place in the Grand Banquetting-
room at St. James's.

A difficulty appears to have arisen respecting the build-
ing of a new national gallery, and the disposal, until a
permanent receptacle is found, of the paintings contained
in the old gallery. It will be recollected that, at the
death of the late Jonx JULIAN ANG ERSTEIN, his choice
collection of chef d'auvres, consisting of between 40 and 50
pictures, many of them by the first artists, and of the
highest class of painting—the ornaments of the Orleans,
Colonna, and Borgliese galleries—were sold in conformity
with his will, and purchased for the English nation, as
the nucleus of a National Gallery. Since that period
these fine paintings, together with some additions, have
remained in Mr. ANG ERSTEIN'S house, being accessible
to the public under certain regulations. The present de-
pository, however, has, by universal consent, been ad-
mitted to be quite inadequate as a public building, and it
has therefore been determined, for some time past, to
erect a new National Gallery on an improved plan by
means of a Parliamentary grant. But there are obstacles,
it seems, to the immediate erection of the new building,
which certainly will not be commenced within the present
year; at the same time, the old house, in Pall-mall, has
long been condemned, and will shortly come down by Act
of Parliament, so that some temporary depository must be
found for these fine productions of the old masters. Buck-
ingham Palace has, we believe, been pointed out by his
MAJESTY.

Lord LYNDIJURST left town for Bucking-
ham without leaving his proxy. The Ex-Secretary of
the Admiralty is gone to Switzerland for a month—in
fact, the prime movers of the Conservatives are in utter
despair, from an impression that " the game is up." The
vigilant old whipper-in, however, remains at his post, to
take advantage of any chance or accident that may arise
calculated to cheer the expiring and chop-fallen Tories.

The Duke of WELLINGTON, although he
yielded to circumstances is withholding his opposition to
the second reading of the Church Reform Bill, did not,
however, compromise his previous policy, by giving the
Bill the sanction of his vote—his Grace accompanied by
the Earl of ROSSLYN, and a number of his friends, is said
to have walked out of the House, on Saturday morning,
when the Opposition demanded a division.— Observer.
We understand that it is the fixed determina-
tion of Mr. TENNYSON to bring on his motion for shorten-
ing the duration of Parliaments, to-morrow, which, as his
name stands first on the list of notices, cannot again be
superseded, as it was on a former occasion.
A meeting is about to be convened, with as
little delay as possible, for the purpose of testifying, in
some substantial way, the admiration and gratitude of all
classes connected with Portugal. at the intrepid conduct
of Captain NAVIEE. in capturing the Miguelite squadron.
The Duke of Sussex, it is said, has consented to pre-
side on the occasion.— Times.

KING'S THEATRE. Another Opera, by
BELLINI, entitled I Capuletti ed i Montecchi, which
had not before been heard in this country, was produced
on Saturday night, after several postponements, and not
for the benefit of the composer, as at first announced. We
believe that this work, indebted to the talents of PASTA
and to the love of novelty upon the Italian stage, bad a
certain success at its original production. The audience
of the King's Theatre are not so easily satisfied in these
days, and the Opera, like its predecessor Norma, will fail
to excite their attention or applause. The music is of a
mediocre character even in its class, which is not the first.
MAJOR CARTWRIGHT CLUE.—On Satur-
day last u number of the friends and admirers of the late
Major CARTWRIGHT did honour to his memory, by dining
together in the Eyre Tavern, St. John's Wood. The
number present, we should suppose, was about 150,
DANIEL O'CONNELL, E,q., in the Chair. On the right
of the Chairman sat Mr. COBBETT, and on the left Mr.
HUME, supported by several distinguished Reformers.
The evening was most agreeably spent, ant every demon-
stration of regard to the memory of Major CARTWRIGHT
was afforded which the most ardent of his friends could
desire. The party broke up at a late hour.
MEETING OF THE ANTI-SLAVERY SO-
CIETY.—A meeting of this Society was held on Saturday
for the purpose of considering the Bill now before Parlia-
ment for the extinction of slavery, and especially to discuss
the propriety of the clause for subjecting the slaves to
twelve years' apprenticeship prior to their emancipation.
There were upwards of 50 Noblemen and Members of
Parliament present, among whom we observed Lord Sur •
FIELD, Lord MILTON, Lord W. LENNOX, the Hon. C.
PELHAM, Mr. Bum Nc IIA 31, Mr. PEASE, Colonel EVANS,
Mr. D. W. HARVEY, Dr. LUSHINGTON, Sir E. WILMOT,
Mr. GULLY, Mr. O'CONNELL, and Mr. POWELL BUX-
TON. Dr. LUSHINGTON, Mr. BUCKINGHAM, Mr. STRICK-
LAND, and other Members of Parliament addressed the
meeting, and various resolutions in support of its objects,
objecting to trust too much to the colonial legislatures,
but expressing a willingness to assist the West India in-
terest, the moment the slave was emancipated, were carried;
after which the meeting broke up.

FACTORY COMMISSION.—A meeting was
held in the Old Assembly-Room, Union-cross, Halifax,
on Saturday evening last, of the friends of the Ten Hours
Factory Bill, to consider the best means to be adopted
with respect to " a libel" in the Commissioners' report
upon those operatives who have taken an active part in
behalf of the Bill. A variety of resolutions were moved
and carried, and a petition founded upon them was s'gned
by the Chairman and forwarded fur presentation to Par-
liament—Halifax Journal.
The Echo de la Frontire relates the follow-
ing marvellous anecdote :—" For several days past a
pretty little grey horse has been driven about Brussels with
glasses let into the winkefs, bearing the appearance of a
pair of spectacles, from the concave surface of which it
may he presumed that the poor animal is near-sighted. We
dare say that we shall soon have veterinary opticians !"
LAUNCII OF A BRIG-OF-WAR.—PORTS-
MOUTH, JULY 20.—His Majesty's brig Racer, 16, was
launched from the Dockyard on Thursday las', in the
presence of their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of KENT
and the Princess VICTORIA, who were accompanied by
Lady G. SEYMOUR, Baroness LuTanr, Sir Join; and
Lady CONROY and the two Misses CONROY. The day
being very propitious an immense number of fashionables
assembled. The ship, having been christened by Miss
ALLCOCK, niece to the late Admiral Sir T. FOLEY, at
half-past eleven glided majestically into the water amidst
loud acclamations. The Racer, which was commissioned
lon Wednesday by Commander JAMES Hoes, was emu-

meneed building in the latter part of August, and is on the
plan of the present Surveyor of the Navy, Captain SI,-
MOND& The following are her ditnensions:--Length,
100 ft. bin. ; extreme breadth, 32ft. 4in. ; depth in hold,
14ft. 10in. ; tonnage, 428.

NATURAL HISTORY.—Many people con-
sider the reptile called the slow-worm to be venomous,
but it is a notion altogether erroneous. A person in this
town has three of them alive, kept in a vessel, in which
some moss is placed, which have been handled by others
as well as himself, with perfect harmlessness. They have
forked tongues, and may be said, for strict resemblance,
to be the boa constrictor in miniature.—Sherborne Jour.

FIGHT EXTRAORDINARY.—A couple, not
long married, lately travelling i❑ a coach in Lincolnshire,
commenced a contest with fists, but as the ladies, their
fellow-travellers, were alarmed, and there was hardly room
for their skill, the gallant husband and his amorous spouse
alighted, and renewed the engagement, in the midst of
which the coach went off and left them.— York Cliron.

Tuesday morning a poor industrious man of
the name of GEORGE COOPER, residing in Chapel•court,
was found dead in bed. He came home from his work
on Monday night, and complained of being faint, and
during the night he got out of bed and sat upon the stairs.
About three o'clock on Tuesday morning he put his arm
round his child (who was sleeping in the bed with him
and his wife), and exclaimed, " Oh ! I am dying."
When his wife got up in the morning she thought he was
asleep, but afterwards discovered he had been dead some
time. —Sherborne Journal.

In digging for the foundation of a wall at the
gas works in this town, the labourers discovered the ske-
leton of a human body. The head was about two feet
six inches below the surface, and the feet only about one
foot. The bones, on being exposed to the air, crumbled
to pieces. At the same spot were found several silver
coins of the reign of CHARLES 1., from which circum-
stance it is supposed that the body must have been put
under the ground in such haste that the persons depositing
it had not time to search the pockets. The thigh bone
measured 21 inches.—Dorset County Chronicle.

ROCHDALE TURN-OUT. O❑ Wednesday
last, in the forenoon, a very numerous meeting of the
woolle❑ weavers and spinners was held on Sparrow-hill,
Rochdale, to take into consideration the rate of wages.
Several speeches were mad::, from which it appeared that
the prices given in 1824 were about one-third more than
the prices at present. A resolution was unanimously
adopted, that unless an advance of 2d. in the shilling
was given, a general strike would take place. It was
stated that the woollen trade was scarcely ever known to
be so brisk as at present, and that a few of the small
manufacturers were giving the advance. The turn-out
has since taken place, and it appears to be general.—
Leeds Mercury.

THE MASTER DYERS IN LEEDS AND
THE TRADES' UNION.—We understand that the worsted
stuff dyers in Leeds, or at least nine or ten of the princi-
pal houses in that line, closed their works on Saturday
night last, with the determination to oblige their work-
men to withdraw from the Trades' Union. According
to present appearances, a great struggle betwee❑ the
master manufacturers and the Trades' Union in the diffe-
rent branches of the woollen trade is at hand. The Go.
vernment has, very properly, as we think, refused to re-
enact the combination laws, but they have, at the same
time, declared their readiness and their determination to
protect both the masters and workmen against any vio-
lence that may be offered to them either in carrying on in
the manner that they think best their business, or in
selling their labour at the best price they can obtain for it.
—Leeds Mercury.

BRISTOL.—A young man, well known in this
city and its vicinity, engaged for a sum of money, last
week, to ride from hence to Bath and back again, a dis-
tance of 24 miles, in an hour and a half ! On his return
to Brislington, two miles from this city, having accom-
plished 22 miles in an hour and a quarter, the generous
beast fell beneath the weight of his brutal rider ; and after
being taken to the White Hart Inn, in that village, (lied in
the space of an hour or two, in the greatest agony. The
poor animal, when taken to the stable, was in such distress
and pain that it continued rising up and down, like a hu-
man being under intolerable suffering, " till nature sunk
exhausted and terminated his life'." Surely it is high
time for man to throw the shield of protection over dumb
creatures, especially the generous horse, against the cruel-
ties of such inhuman riders.—Sherborne Journal.

The Court of Cassation has decided that the
proprietors of public carriages are responsible for the full
value of the objects intrusted to their charge, and
lost, even though such value may not have been declared.
In the case in question, an individual bad entered a
box as containing " six shawls," without other de-
signation. After the box was lost, he proved that the
shawls were cashmere, and worth 5,605 L The Tribu-
nal du Commerce had decided that he could only recover
the price of ordinary French shawls, but the Court of
Cassation reversed that decision. The Court also decided
that the remedy of the proprietors of the diligence against
the conductor of the diligence must be confined to 150
francs, because it was the custom to point out to his spe-
cial charge objects of greater value, and which was not
done in this case, and be was therefore only liable on his
ordinary guarantee.— Galignaues Messenger.
A Polish Lieutenant arrived here from
Dantaic on Wednesday evening week. The Governor of
that town had informed him that he could only remain
there on condition of speaking to no person ; on declaring
this condition, he had the choice of proceeding either to
France or England. He chose the latter, and wishes to get
to London—he is destitute. His father was a Baron, who
resided at Wornie, in the government of Wilna. He is
dead ; the young man's mother is dead—his family ex-
tinct—and all his property gone. It was his horrid fate,
on entering his paternal dwelling, to see the authors of
his being murdered on the floor—there lay his father, his
mother, with deep gashes in her side, and in fact, there
lay the whole household. This was the bloody work of
the wild Bashkirs, Circassians, and other infernal tools of
the man that mocks the world, shakes hands with Eng-
land's sailors, and prays nightly to God for their King !
" My God ! my God !" says the poor Pole, " Poland is
the most unhappy country in the world !"—Hull Rock-
ingham.

CHARGE OF RAPE.—WILLIAM PEACH,
aged 18, was indicted for a felonious assault on ANN
GaErx, on Sunday, the 14th of April last, in the parish
of Southwick, in this county. The prisoner was a la-
bourer; the prosecutrix was in the same station of life,
and about 20 years of age.—The young woman stated
that, as she was going on a message, the prisoner met
her and accompanied her on her way home, as if to show
her the way, and there he threw her on the grass, and
accomplished his base purposes, in spite of all her resist-
ance.—The defence was, that the young woman invited
the prisoner, that lie did not accept the invitation, and,
because he would not, she in spite charged him with the
offence.—Wituesses were called, who spoke to some loose
conduct of the p:osecutrix some years before, all which she
most posit rely denied. The prisoner, after an investigation
of two or three hours, was acquitted.—. Stamford .News.

A singular act of female delinquency occurred
in this neighbourhood last week. The family of Mr.
JOHNSON, of West Walton, were thrown into great alarm
on the morning of the 10th inst. by the outcry of thieves,
from one of his servants, and on searching it appeared that
17/. was missing which had been taken from a writing
desk ; besides two bands of beer being left running in the
cellar, and bread scattered about the fluor ; and a quantity of
books was also tied up, with intent to take them away ;
but nothing could be heard or seen of thieves though in-
stant search was commenced after them. There is, it
seems, at Walpole, near Wisbech, a singular being called
the Wise Woman, who has the fame in these pins for
disclosing lost property and reading divinity. To this
woman Mr. JOHNSON resolved to apply, but this so inti-
midated the real author of the theft, which was his own
servant, who is about 15 years old, that she made a full
disclosure, and the next morning absconded.
The National Political Union met at No. 8,
Theobald's.row, Red Lion-street, on Tuesday evening.
After a lengthened discussion, the following resolutions
passed unanimously:__" Resolved, 1. That the line of
conduct pursued by the majority of the Council of the
Political Union from the period of its first formation has
been marked by hypocrisy, treachery, and imbecility—
hypocrisy, m pretending to be the friend of the people,
inwhile, fact, their only object seems to have been to keep
the people's most deadly enemies in power; treachery, in
wilfully neglecting to take advantage of the great moral
and local influence of the Union on many most important
occasions ; imbecility, palpably shown in the maladminis-
tration of the affairs of the Union ; and in consequence of
their recent conduct, we feel ourselves free to pursue the
course best calculated to uphold the principles we have
adopted, and we hereby declare the necessity of an imme-
diate reorganization of this body. 2. That a committee
be formed. 3. (This resolution embodied the names of
20 members of the Union as a Committee.)
4, That a
general meeting take place next Monday at the same
The Secretary (H in
tention
to Styles) has announced his
to selLthe books and ether property of the Union to pay
the debts of the institution.
