LONDON, MONDAY, AUGUST 31, 1840.

LONDON and BRIGHTON RAILWAY
COMPANY.
Incorporated by Act of Parliament, July 15, 1837.
CALL for the EIGHTH INSTALMENT, FIVE POUNDS
PER SHARE.
Notice is hereby given that the Directors of the London and
Brighton Railway Company have this day made a CALL of
FIVE POUNDS per SHARE in this undertaking, and the
sum is directed to be paid on or before the 16th day of Sep-
tember next, to either of the undermentioned bankers :
London—Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths ; Messrs. Lad-
brokes, Kingsccte, and Co.
Liverpool and Manchester—The Manchester and Liverpool
District Bank, on accoun Lewes,essrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths.
Brighton, Horsham, and Tunbridge--The London
and County Joint Stock Branch Banks.
Lewes—Messrs: Molyneux and Co.
Glasgow—The Glasgow Union Bank.
Dublin—The Provincial Bank of Ireland.
Proprietors of Shares are therefore requested to pay the
same accordingly: JOHN HARMAN, Chairman.
London and Brighton Railway Office, 10, Angel-court,
Throgmorton-street, August 13, 1840.

CENTRAL AMERICA.—LAND at Five
Shillings per Acre may now be PURCHASED in the
luxuriant and fertile district of VERA PAZ. Houses are
completed at Abbottsville for the accommodation of settlers on
their arrival. The voyage by steam will occupy about 21 days.
Particulars may be obtained at the office of the Eastern Coast
of Central America Commerci3l and Agricultural Company,
60, Moorgate-street, Bank, London, and of all the country
agents.

QTEAM ENGINE FOR SALE, of costly
1,3 workmanship, nearly equal to new, as it has only been
in sock about twelve months, and cost originally upwards of
500 guineas. Present price, including the two Boilers, 200
guineas. May be seen at work at the Polytechnic Institution,
Regent-street.

-WRITING, truly beautiful and finished,
TAUGHT to PERSONS of ALL AGES, from
Ten to Fifty, or upwards, with unrivalled success, under the
highest patronage, in Twelve Lessons, or Twelve Consecutive
Hours, however indifferent may bo the original hand, by
Mr. DOHERTY, at the West-end Private Institution, 76,
Quadrant, Regent-street. Separate apartments for Ladies.
Families waited upon.
Short-hand, Practical and Mental Arithmetic Taught, each
likewise in Twelve Lessons, 76, Quadrant, Regent-street.

CHURCH of ENGLAND LIFE and FIRE
ASSURANCE COMPANY.
Notice is hereby given, that the ISSUING of SHARES
at PAR will finally CEASE Tuts DAY, the 31st inst. ; and
Proprietors are requested to exchange, without delay, the
Bankers' Receipts fur Certificates upon their respective Shares.
BENJAMIN JACKSON, Managing Director.
6, King William-street, Aug. 4, 1840.

CHURCH of ENGLAND LIFE and FIRE
ASSURANCE, TRUST and ANNUITY INSTI-
TUTION,
6, King William-street, City ; and 7, St. Martin's-place,
Trafalgar-square.
Capital, One Million.
One-tenth of the entire profits of this Institution will be ap-
plied t• th• relief of Distressed and Aged Clergymen, and the
Widows and Orphans of Clergymen, who may be recommended
by the Bishops, or by the Clergy of their respective localities.
PATRONS.
His Grace the Duke of Beaufort.
The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol.
The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Worcester.
The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Jamaica.
DIRECTORS.

Wimpole-street, Chairman.
John M'Clure, Esq., 8, Broad-
street-buildings
Macdonald, Es,

William Sloane, Esq., 37,
Major Adair, Liverpool
John Anderson,Esq., Dunesslin
William Camp Crane, Esq., 12,
Copthall-court Edinburgh
Benjamin Jackson, Esq., 28,!Captain Macdougal, Fir-Grove,
Gordon-street, Gordon- North Brixton
square George Sloane, Esq., Temple
Rev. H. J. Knapp, 62, Morti- Sir William White, 15, St.
mer-street James's-square
(With power to add to their number.)

M. N.

;q., W. S.,

Just published, price 2s. 6d.
APRACTICAL ESSAY on the DEBILI-
TIES of the GENERATIVE SYSTEM, their Va-
rieties, Causes, Treatment, and Cure
By aMEMBER of the ROYAL COLLEGE of SURGEONS,

London, and Surgeon to a Metropolitan Infirmary.
" I am impotent, and not fit to live,"—Last's Records of a
Suicide.
Sold by Ono hyn, Catherine-street, Strand; Ross and
Nightingale, Liverpool ; Barlow, Birmingham ; and all Book-
sellers in Town and Country,
N.B. Persons in the Country may have this work forwarded
by post (free), upon addressing either of the above Booksellers,
and inclosing a remittance of 3s.

Just published, in royal 1 Smo., cloth, price 3s. ; and sent in
Town or Country free, by post, 3s. 6d:,
MANHOMATURE DECLINE, with Plain Directions for
OD: the CAUSES of its PRE-
ITS PERFECT RESTORATION; addressed to these suf-
fering from the destructive effects of Excessive Indulgence,
1
Solitary Habits, or Infection ; followed by Observations on the
TREATMENT of SYPHILIS, GONORRH(EA, GLEET,
&c. Illustrated with Cases, &c.
By J. L. CURTIS and COMPANY,
Consulting
Bookseller, 219, 219, Regent-street ; 011ivier, 59, Pall Mall ;
S range, ?l, Paternoster-row ; Pattie, 4, Brydges-street, Surgeons,and
solLdo London.
ni
alliere, Medical
.
Publishesl by the
Authors,
Strand ; Machen and Co., 8, D' ' Olier-street, Dublin • Duncan
114, High-street, Edinburgh; and to be had ofall Booksellers
Tho Work which is now presented to the public is the result
of very extended experience in a class of diseases and affec-
tions, which for some unaccountable reason have been either
altogether overlooked, or treated with apathy, and almost i
difference, by the ci dinary practitioner. To enter into the
details of these affections, to point out their causes, and to
mark the terrific consequences, social, moral, and physical,
which are sure to follow from indulgence, in certain habits,
would be entirely out of place in an advertisement. We have
no hesitation, however, in saying that:there is no member of
society, by whom the book will not be found interesting whe-
ther we consider such person to hold the relation of a PA-
RENT, a PRECEPTOR, or a CLERGYMAN.
The PARENT, who beholds his beloved child pining away,
and fast approaching to a premature grave, in consequence of
some disease, which for want of a careful investigation of its
real cause, has been set down to the score of consumption,
will, on perusing this work be astonished to find that in nine-
tenths of the cases of young persons of both sexes, who perish
of what is called pulmonary consumption, heart disease, tabes,
&c., the sole and exclusive origin as
h been the indulgence in
certain destructive habits, prd by youth much more fre-
quently than is at all suspected.
The
The PRECEPTOR, also, who olds temporarily, at least
the relation and responsibility of ha
parent, will, by perusing this
work, be directed, and very much assisted in investigating and
practice "
detecting the too often concealeds so often introduced
health
into schools, whereby the
pupils are sure to be compromised, unless the evil be checked
in proper time. He will h, fin find a clue to guide him through
the intricate mazes of this moral labyrinth, and a standard
whereby to judge, when delicacy of health should appear to
rges, what the
attack any of his young
chas ill botreat cause of such
attack may be, and thus he N enabled ek the evil in
its incipient state.
The CLERGYMAN; .
in whose a • s cred character, is at once
concentrated the twofold relation of parent and instructor, will
here be directed as to the nature of those habits, to which
youth is addicted; he will al so be enabled to point out the
disastrous consequences which are sure to follow from them, if
not relinquished.
Messrs. CURTIS and CO. are to be consulted daily at their
residence,' No. 7; Frith-street, Soho, from Ten till Three, and
Five till Eight in the Evening; and Country Patients are re-
quested to be as minnte as possible in the detail of their cases,
—as to the duration of the complaint, the
symptoms, age, ge-
neral habits of living; and occupation in life of the party ; the
communication must be accompanied by the “ usual Consulta-
tion Fee of 1/.," without Well no notice whatever can be
taken of their application ; and in all cases, the most inviolable
secrecy may be relied on. doors from
N.B. Seven iron, Soho-square.

for the CURE of STRIC-
URETHRA, SYPHILIS, GONOR-
the above Institution is closed, Patients may
INTFuIRREAVoIIthY.
Rip:EA, GLEETS, and all DISEASES of the GENERA-
TIVE and URINARY ORGANS.
coriltintuweitthostraeneediinv: the GRATUITOUS ADVICE of the Sur-
geon (Mr. Courtenay, 42, Great Marlborough-street,) by al)-
plying at his own he ase instead of the Charity.
Hours of Attendance, from Eight to Ten in the Mornings
and from Seven to Nine in the Evenings. On Sundays in the
Morning, but not in the Evening.

COLONEL THOMPSON'S LETTER mility, and neglecting of the body; not in any honour to
ON THE CHURCH.—No. XXVI. the satisfying of the flesh."
(From the Leeds Times of Aug. 29.) f Why then, when the Sabbath is so manifestly in the
THE CHURCH FARTHER TRIED BY ITS Apostle's list of " enumerated goods," does he of Can-
OWN RULE—SABBATICAL OBSERVANCE terbury insist on levying the old scale of duties? Hear
—THE TYRRANY OF THE CHURCH EX-
to the reasons, why as the Quakers arc accused of say-
POSED—CONFESSION OF AUG SBURG. i i lug, " friend Paul was mistaken." In the first place,
SlR—According to engagement, I proceed to a sub- the order for the Jewish Sabbath is in a particular
jest on which I have been honoured at all events with chapter of Exodus, the twentieth. Paul did not know
some abuse, if not with persecution ; and you will per- this ; but Canterbury knows in defiance of Paul, that
haps be of opinion, that a part of the positions of last everything which 'was commanded to Jews in the
twentieth of Exodus, was commanded to all who should
1 week are not without their bearing on the matter of
the present. not be Jews, from thenceforth for ever. Yet the same
One of the positions there supported must be insisted chapter contains a prohibition to the arts of sculpture
on to the letter. And that is, that when once a sect and design, to the making " any likeness of any thing
or priesthood have acknowledged a written rule, they that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath,
become amenable to comparison therewith, and will be or that is in the water under the earth ;" and the most
brought to the test accordingly the moment they give populous religion in the world, if not actually the ma-
sufficient umbrage to men's substantial interests to lead ior part of the human race, at this moment considers
them to the exertion. The Church of Rome (without all such arts unlawful, by adoption of this command.
offence be it said to adherents now happily constituting But Canterbury does not. Why does lie not ? lie
a part of the great array for religious liberty) made a says the object of the command was clear ; to prevent
rather extensive experiment in this direction, by en- the danger of idolatry. And, ceasing the necessity, he
deavouring to check the familiarity of the laity with the thinks the precept may cease. Paul said the same of
written rule, except under the supervision of the clergy, the Sabbath eighteen centuries ago. But Canterbury
And the consequence was, a great convulsion when holds out, because the Sabbath is in the same chapter
from various causes the knowledge of the rule made with the " graven images."
head in defiance of control. There was not only to be a sabbatical day, but a
The domineering sect in England, then, (to which sabbatical year, and a sabbath of sabbatical years, or
may be added the whole or portions of suniry other fiftieth year of jubilee. But of all these we hear no-
sects nothing loth to profit by a scheme of religious thing ; the apostle, it must be supposed, was competent
imposition which suits their interests) profess to be to abrogate. Tne day of atonement (Lev. xvi. 31) was
guided by the written rule contained in the acknow- to be " a sabbath of rest unto you, and ye shall af-
ledged versions of the Old and New Testament. flict your souls, by a statute for ever ;" it was to be
The rule is not the simplest ; but the parties agree "an everlasting statute unto you " (34.) The fiftieth
pretty well in their statement of the general result, day after the sabbath of first fruits, was to "be an holy
They admit that the most early portion of the rule convocation unto you : ye shall do no servile work
contained a multitude of ordinances, which they say therein : it shall be a statute for ever in all your
are abrogated now, in consequence of the declare- dvedings throughout your generations " (Lev. xxiii.
tions, partly of Christ, but still more of his apostles, 21.) On tic tenth day of the seventh month, and on
to that effect. In fact, they would be at some loss the fifteenth and twenty-second of the same, "ye shall
to establish the abrogation at all, except upon the do no servile work therein," and " it shall be a statute
authority of these last ; for nothing is clearer than far ever in your generations " (27. 35. 36. 41.) Yet
that the founder of the Christian religion lived in a we hear nothing of these " statutes for ever ;" with re-
general submission to the law under which he was , spect to them, the Apostle is supposed to have been
born, and though he . claimed powers and laid down right. Circumcision was established with Abraham
principles strongly tending to the final abrogation of (Gen. xvii. 7) " for an everlasting covenant;" yet the
its authority, never engaged either himself or fol- Archbishop of Canterbury is not circumcised. Where
lowers in any active refusal to submit to its rites. To an Apostle abrogates, there he will not abrogate. Where
speak plainly, the apostle Paul,—that inoculation of the ancient testament expressly declares that a statute
earthly talent among branches not otherwise distin- was " for ever," there he will abrogate if it suits him,
guished for temporal qualities—is the source (the chap- on the authority of the Apostle.
nei, if the Church prefers it) to which we owe our free- Secondly, it is urged that the Sabbath is called "the
dom at this day from the most onerous of Jewish rites. holy of the Lord, honourable ;" therefore the apostle
There is no doubt about the matter; if the Jew of was wrong when he put it in the list of abrogations.
Tarsus had not " withstood " his brother of the keys But if circumcision is not declared to be the same, the
"to the face, because he was to be blamed" (Galat. ii. want of it is at all events sufficiently stigmatised as un-
-11), we should have been circumcised by warrant from holy and dishonourable ; " dog" was a civil term in
Canterbury at this hour, and a sore thing it would have comparison with " uncircumcised one." Yet circum-
been. cision quietly goes out of use, because no Church sees
Canterbury acknowledges, then, that we are not cir- an interest in keeping it up in opposition to the Apostle.
cumcised because the apostle Paul forbade it. Did he Thirdly, it is urged that the early Christians bad
forbid anything else ? If he did, does Canterbury main- certain observances on the first day of the week ;
tain that he had the power of forbidding circumcision, which, it may be gathered from the circumstance of its
but not of forbidding that other thing ? It would ap- being once mentioned under the title of " the Lord's
pear that Canterbury does not. Day," was selected as being the day of the resuri ection
Now then, "to the law and to the testimony," as of their Lord. On which subject the points established
our fathers did. " Search the Scriptures, for in them are three and no more, as extracted from the only places
ye think" ye have the rule by which Canterbury is where it is alluded to at all. Paul preached at Troas
controlled. The Cantian sect allows in general terms " upon the first day of the week, when the disciples
the abrogation of the Jewish law on the authority of the came together to break bread" (Acts xx. 7.) ; from
Apostle ; but it excepts one twig, and applies it in which it may fairly be inferred that the early Christians
every way hurtful to our corporal feelings which it can were in the habit of meeting for religious purposes, pro-
devise ; deprives the working-classes of their day of im- bably the celebration of the Eucharist, upon that day.
provement and solace, shuts up our gardens and the In confirmation of which, they arc further found di-
wild beasts that are therein, stops our post, closes our rected to make collections for charitable or other pur-
rail-roads, would keep our ships in harbour and hinder poses on that day (1 Cor. xvi. 2.) And finally, an
us from having our beards shaved if it could, desires us Apostle (Rev. i. 10.) is stated to have been "in the
to eat cold meat, anathematizes bakehouses, inflicts spirit on the Lord's Day." These are positively the only
stale bread for which the bakers work on the holyday ways in which the subject is ever mentioned ; and on
and rest the night before, defines the hour when beef- these grounds it is that we are told we must shut up
steaks and ale may be consumed, pulls the fruits of the our Zoological Gardens, our Museums, and our rail-
earth out of the mouths of little boys who would munch roads.
them three for a penny, capsizes apple-stalls, exorcises Now is there a child, knowing these facts, who will
lollipops as if a devil were in each, pretends to level not burn with indignation at the miserable fraud and
" the vengeance of Almighty God" out of its little pop. clerical imposture which has been put upon him, when
gun against ginger-beer and soda-water, impugns the his innocence was taught that this sabbatical plague
carcases of factory children who, after having and misery was inculcated by the Christian religion ;
been shut up for six days, essay to catch a the truth being all the time, that it was as rigidly for-
stickleback upon the seventh, scowls at the bidden as angel worship, or any other of the corruptions
tenants of the smoky town who dare to quit it for which his forefathers so gallantly threw off?
unholy Gravesend, consuming ham and porter by the And not to stand on private judgment in this matter,
way, watches for their blowing-up and keeps the type see what was the formal decision of the fathers of Pro-
ready set for accidents'' On Sunday last," counts the testantism, whose authority would be dinned into our
boats that go through Putney bridge with the eye of ears as next to divine, if it had happened to be against
him that looks over Lincoln from the cathedral's tower, us. And because it is not good to draw a conclusion
and in a hundred ways plays more fantastic tricks than from insulated passages, here will be found added the
the Roman pontiff ever dreamed of in the palmiest days whole chapter OF THE POWER OF THE CIIURCIIE and
of his interference with the Friday's roasts or Satur- thence to the end, of the confession of Augsburg in
day's boiled meats of our ancestors. And all this on 1530, as rendered in THE CONFESSYON or THE
the pretext, that the sabbath was dropped out of the FAYTHE OF THE GARMAYNES EXIBITED TO THE
Apostle's list, or that its burthens are by some hocus- MOUSTE VICTORIOUS EMPEROUR CHARLES THE V. IN
pocus transferred to another day of the week. THE COUNCELL OR ASSEMBLE HOLDEN AT AUGUSTA,
And now to see whether the Apostle has left. any flaws THE YERE OF OUR LORDE 1.530.* To which 1S
in his work or not. He is writing to " the brethren at added the original Latin of such of the pa-
Co losse," converts " among the Gentiles" (i. 27), for ragraphs as bear more immediately on the subject
whom he expresses great anxiety, " has great conflict," in hand. From these will be collected the tone
that they may be brought to " the full assurance of un- and general spirit in which the early Confessors of
derstanding" of" the treasures of wisdom and knowledge" Protestantism took up the question ; and it will be
which are "in Christ." And it looks out immediately, seen how resolutely they stand on the authority of
that he has a controversy in his eye. There is something the Apostle, and unceremoniously class the " kepynge
about which his converts are in danger of being " be- of the Sondaye" among the Jewish traditions, the en-
gulled with enticing words ;"—a single English term can forcement of which upon Christians the scripture calls
hardly fail to present itself on view of the Greek, if its " doetrynes of deuyls," maintaining that the very rea-
being more forcible than elegant did not preclude son why the early Christians transferred their assemblies
its use. They are to " beware lest any man spoil them from the seventh day of the week to the first, was " that
through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition men myght haue an example of Chrysten libertie,
of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after and myght knowe that the keepynge and the obsetuation
Christ." All this is not very direct ; but he digresses neyther of the saturday nor of any other day is neces-
more Paulino, and then the matter comes out. It is sary." Melanchthon too in his " Apology" or defence
circumcision and the other Jewish rites, that he is aim- attached to the " Confession," repeatedly quotes the
ing at. He tells them they are circumcised " with the same passage of the Apostle, as enumerating the rites
circumcision made without hands," a most comfortable by which Christians are forbidden to be constrained.
doctrine doubtless to his hearers, and from which they I have preferred preserving the obsolete English of
manifestly were to understand, that they were to set the time of Henry VIII., because it obviates the sus-
all circumcisers at defiance. And not circumcision picion of purposed mistranslation, and because there is
only, but Jewish ordinances in general ; and they are an interest in thinking that the identical copy used may
encouraged to make no secret of the matter, but to have been worn by the hands of the men who in a sue-
view their recusancy as a thing to be openly put for- ceeding reign gave their bodies to be burned upon this
ward, and triumphantly thrust into the faces of their very quarrel. Why are we to shrink, where our fore-
opponents. For they are told that Christ had " quick- fathers faced fire and faggot in resistance to ecclesiastical
ened " them in their state of uncircumcision, " blotting oppression ? There were just as many pleas then as
out the handwriting of ordinances that was against now ; just as much outcry of " infidels" and what not,
them, which was contrary to them, and took it out of against any that dared oppose a domineering church ;
the way, nailing it to his cross ; and having spoiled prin- as many appeals to prudence, and the good rather than
cipalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, harm arising from allowing the priest to interfere in all
triumphing over them in it." the businesses of common life. Our fathers uttered one
In this there may be traits of the enthusiastic die- bold word—" It's false. It is against your own rule ;
quence mingled with a kind of wild poetry, which caused and therefore we will not submit." And as our fathers,
the Palmyrene Prime Minister to place the Christian so do we.
Apostle in his list of orators. But there is also in it a What a turmoil, what a splutter, was in this land,
plain prose direction as ever was issued, by adjutant in when it was first announced that the numerous classes
orderly-book, and which the converts would not fail were declaring they would not eat fish, they would not
most feelingly to mark, learn, and inwardly digest, au- bow down, they would not confess but when they liked,
thorizing and commanding them to scout, resist, and and this because the secret had got wind that these
set at the most triumphant defiance, all attempts upon things were either not in the priests' own rule, or were
their personalities and other comforts, founded on the against it ! What threats of hell flames, what splashing
abrogated ordinances of the Jewish law. about of fire and brimstone, what registration of judg-
But perhaps the case required a little more particu- ments on men choked with a beef-steak on Friday 1
larity. Statutes are to be construed strictly ; and a Look at one of those simple men in the present day,
prohibition of circumcision might not amount to an who shock themselves with the harouches, the cigars,
abrogation of things not enumerated. Might pork be the newspapers, and the elephants, of a London Sun-
eaten ; was the example of Samson and the Rechabites day, and occasionally digress to Paris, for the keener
on the question of wine, if not compulsory, at least excitation of seeing Punch upon the Boulevards, and
matter of merit ; was it needful to keep the passover, wondering where heaven reserves its thunder. And
to blow up the trumpet on the new moon, and most im- put the parallel case, that a good Austrian or Navarrese
portant of all as of most continual recurrence, to ob- Catholic came here, and grieved his heart with our
serve the restrictions of the seventh day or sabbath ? weekly doings on a Friday, to say nothing of our more
The Apostle would not have been half an Apostle, if on wholesale offences for forty days together in Lent,
all and each of these heads he had not categorically told " Such frying ; such barbecuing ; in no place did I see
the Colossians his mind. Give time for another verse anybody having the smallest notion of a red herring !
and see what comes : All are involved in one flood of sin and gravy ! How
Mr, 0...;v ;lc up,ac xprvEtx EV ,:.3.---coo-Ei r, Ev rOTEi, r, fathomless the patience of heaven," that such an island
Is there no con-
Be !lE.: El EOFTric, rvouwriviac, Yc-4313x,r.aiv. is not swallowed up of the deep !
" Let not therefore anybody judge you in meat or in
mWutetn n know
on
ourwe
vincing such a man, that the simple cause. of our resist-
t believe it ? We have
drink, or in respect of feast or new moon or Sabbaths : ance to his law, is that we do
Feast in the Greek, is the term applied everywhere looked into the rule he professeslio to go by.._ ; and we
in the New Testament to the Jewish festivals, particu- declaremus must appear
itp e isa r
larly the Passover ; and "holyday" must have been the done
ut
world the
with contrary.
all
our
best to look at the rule
translation of somebody who was thinking more of his heads. But we have on
ninotththeenrce;
tease our
usand '
own times than the Apostle's. The introduction of " the" with the light that Godgiven_ ; in spite of
before " new moon" and in the next instance, is an in- Austria or Navarre,
we will take the risk of His not
for eno"
being angry with us, seeing prohibition of mutton
defensible interpolation ; why cannot a translator as
well give what there is in his original as what there is there.
not ? In Latin, the matter would have been doubt- " But why the dominant sect should attach such im-
ful ; but in Greek, it is as palpable as in the English. portance to a direct departure from the rock whence it
But the Apostle has no intention of stopping here. professesto a have
serious been c
ohewn,apartnsideration. And the visible
is, all levity
weighty and apart, a
He does not mean his converts to think these are things
they may let alone or not as they like. He waxes reason is this. It dreads the effects which would ensue
fervently prohibitory ; and breaks out as follows : from giving the numerous classes one day of rest from
always being borne in mind, that the keeping of this labour inlsteven,unhampered by the regulations of the
Sabbath we are tormented about, is one of the things priest. fears the consequences of freely permittinr,
he is fulminating against. them to apply one day to the attainment of the know -
ledge, which the necessity
" Which [sabbaths was the last word] are a shadow of earning their daily bread
precludes them from
of things to conic ; but the body is of Christ. Let no it
e.O s pursuing on the other six. And
man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary hu- therefore_t I
se'l
libraries, shuts up museums and works
rnility and worshipping of angels [the very points which f
the guise prohibits
of lectures, Opposes public instruction in
Canterbury professes to quarrel with the Church of
meansof newspapers, discourages railroads and other
Rome about, on the strength of this very passage], in-personal intercommunication, stigmatizes
ciil
so-
intruding into those things which he hath not seen, meetings, and in every other way does the office of
'
vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind, and not holding the an
textinguisher upon the uses of the people's day, ex-
Head, from which all the body by joints and bands ep as may subserve its own dull purpose of " instil-
having nourishment ministered, and knit together, in- hugbarren souls with conscientious slavery."
creaseth with the increase of God. Wherefore if ye As the establishment of early Protestantism was the
be dead with Christ from the rudiments of the world, signal, through many struggles,
for a vast accession of
why, as though living in the world, ARE YE SUBJECT t Civil liberty and I '
iappiness, so it seems hig y p
TASTE NOT ; HANDLE I that
TO ORDINANCES? (TOUCH NOT ; T
..
• h the using ;) after the isectwhich
NOT ; which are all to perish with
commandments and doctrines of men? Which things I bury, would be the inlet
to a great enlargement of
have indeed a show of wisdom in will worship, and hu- popular securities and rights, All classes of men are
