THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1837.

fried to freedom.—(Loud cheering.) He also much
regretted the absence of the gallant General Evans, who was
the hope of the country, should they unfortunately be driven
to use the strong arm, in order to obtain their rights. But he
was not afraid—we would never require more than moral force
for the great masses of the country were now full of intelli-
gence. In the town from which he had the honour to be sent
to Parliament the people had been called the uncombed and the
unwashed by an insulting vagabond, but he fearlessly said
that from among those same artizans he would pro ?nee as
much intelligence as was to be found in either House of Par-
liament.—( Hear, hear, and cheers.) He assured the Poles
of the deep sympathy of the people of England, but they
must rest upon their own energies for the regeneration
of their country. In the words of the Resolution, he per-
fectly agreed, for all history proved that it was not among the
lower classes that men were to be found who would
sell their country for a mess of pottage—it was in the higher
classes that such vagabonds were to be found.—(Cheers.)
He called upon the people of England to look after their own
liberties, or they might soon be another Poland.—( Cheers.)
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
Mr. T. ATTWOOD, M. P., said that he stood before them as
the advocate of both the cause of liberty and humanity. He
was coiled a political agitator, but be never attended a po-
litical meeting except in the cause of Poland.__( Hear,
hear.) He felt the utmost shame and indignation at the
apathy of the English people with respect to Poland. How
long was their country to endure the degradation which their
indifference towards Poland cast upon her. The English
people had for 700 years preserved their honour untarnished,
they never yet received a blow without returning it, or
ever made an apology.—( Loud cheers.) Were thee, then,
content to suffer such a sigma to rest upon them.--( Hear.)
They had been shamefully treated. 'with respect to their foreign
relations. Let them look to Circassia. See what had been
done there? Without the possession of that country Russia
could never penetrate into Asia, but here we were standing by,
contentedly watching her encroachments.
(LEFT SPEAKING.)
The following were the resolutions proposed and adopted
at the meeting :
Moved by Lord DUDLEY C. STUART; seconded by CHARLES
BULLER, Esq., M. P.
" That the Polish Revolution of the 29th November, 1830,
to be justly appreciated, should be viewed as a struggle, not
merely to burst asunder the Russian fetters imposed upon a
part of ancient Poland by the Treaty of Vienna, but to vin-
dicate and recover every right and possession of which the
Polish Republic bad, in defiance of all ►aw divine and human,
been deprived by force or fraud, through a series of iniquitous
partitions—as a great and glorious struggle in behalf of the
inviolability of the rights of nations, the sanctity of the rights
of man—for the triumph of civilization over barbarism—know-
ledge and science over brute ignorance—pure and enlightened
justice over lawless violence and the wild rapine of licensed
oppression—of civic equality over caste and privilege—of all
the blessings of freedom over the horrors of the most debasing
slavery : and that it is entitled to our affectionate remembrance
and lasting admiration, as well for the exalted and benevolent
objects its real promoters contemplated and its success in-
volved, as for the generous self-devotion in which it more im-
mediately originated, and the heroism with which it was Ion;
conducted." _

Moved by RicuARD SHELL, Esq., M.P. ; seconded by General
EVANS, M. P.,

" That to our first deep sentiments of grief at the ill success
of the glorious efforts of the patriots of Poland in 1830, is now
added bitter indignation at the savage policy and brutal spirit
of revenge and persecutions which have, up to this hour,
marked the career of their country's foes and enslavers ; and
that the contrivances of Russia since 1830, to consummate
the subjugation of Turkey, and her direct and indirect re-
sistance to the principle of liberty and self-government,
wherever it has reared its head among the people of Europe,
amply justify, on the grounds even of policy and expediency,
the sorrow which, springing from the higher sources of patrio-
tism and philanthropy, sas felt by the friends of Poland at
the failure of her revolution ; and the sense they entertain of
the great value and urgent necessity of her restoration."
Moved by THOMAS ATTWOOD, Esq., M. P. ; seconded by

EDMUND BEALES, Esq.,
" That tile Refugees who form what is called the Polish
Emigration, and who consist in a great measure of the best
patriots and the most valiant defenders of their country, &I not
emigrate fur the mere selfish purpose of avoiding the murderous
persecution which awaited them at home, but with the view of
protesting against the invasion of Poland, and vindicating her
rights before Europe and the world, and with the hope of en-
listing the active sympathies of all free nations in their favour,
and paving a way for the future delivery of their country from
the heavy yoke beneath which she now lies crushed ; that
they have, therefore, exalted claims to be considered and
treated as a political body, the lawful representatives of their
country, and advocates of her cause before the tribunal of
mankind ; and that such of them as have found a shelter on
these hospitable shores, are entitled to that earnest and active
political support from the free and generous English nation,
without which every demonstration of sympathy for Poland
will be as useless to her as inglorious to Great Britain."
[We shall give the Conclusion of the Meeting in our Second
Edition.]

LITERATURE.

THE HISTORY OF PARTY. VoL. 111.

Br GEOI;GE WINGROVE COOKE, Esq., Barrister-at-Law.
_London, John Macrone, 1837.

Mr. Winzrove Cooke has concluded his " History
of the Whig and Tory Factions, from their rise, in
the reign of Charles 11., to the passing of the Re-
form Bill"---a work which, though far from perfect,
forms, nevertheless, an invaluable addition to the li-
terature of this country. The sins of the author are
principally those of omission ; and as they are more
important than numerous we shall state them at once.
In the first place all reference to the developement and

progress of party opinions, and party combinations in
Scotland and Ireland—an important part in a com-
plete history of faction—is entirely omitted. The
great object of Mr. Cooke's solicitude—the barometer
by which he tests the gravity of the political at-
mosphere at every given period in our historyis the
House of Commons. He frequently speaks of the
people in conjunction with the Whigs—he occasionally
notices their growing power and intelligence—but
he does not particularize, as he ought to have done,
their various crude and often unsuccessful attempts t-.)

influence the exercise of that dominion which they
now exercise so judiciously, and claim so authoritatively,
as their own. We admit at once the great difficulty of
accomplishing such a task ; nevertheless, we cannot
forget that on the part of the learned author it was one
self-imposed. On the other hand the work has. many
Peculiar excellencies to recommend it, and emanating,
as it avowedly does, from an able Whig Lawyer,
details the struggles of the Whig and Tory factions
with praiseworthy impartiality. Brief, but luminous,
biographical notices of all the leading political chiefs

precede the accounts of their career in Parliament ;
and no opportunity is omitted of pointing out the
occasions upon which they either swerved from their
party or their principles. With the triumph of the
Reform Bill in 1832 Mr. Cooke concludes his

History of- Party"—expressing his regret before-

hand, that the nature of the work so imperatively re-
quired that it should be brought down to so recent a
period. " Contemporary History" he well observes,
" can seldom be correct, and can never be satisfactory.
Each person sees only one phase of the events of his
time, and the great majority of readers will think that

the events they remember are slighted if they are di-
minished, until they harmonize with the general
scale of the historical picture." But notwithstanding
the admitted correctness of this passage, we know
of no contemporary historical writer who stanch
in less need of public indulgence upon any of
these points than Mr. Cooke. Where he fails to
do justice to the opinions and the zeal of any party,
the objects of his error have only to look into his work
to be satisfied that such omission or oversight was
very far from being intentional. His style is clear and
elegant, rather than condensed and forcible ; and the
moderation of his opinions has enabled him to content
himself with the bare narration of many events upon
which an ardent partizan would have hazarded pages
of vituperative declamation. We marked, in the
course of a careful perusal of this volume, several pas-
sages to be given as extracts, but they so swelled upon
us that we reluctantly find ourselves obliged, in the
present crowded state of our columns, to reject them •
all, with the exception of the following sketch of the
educational labours of Lord Brougham. It may be
taken as a fair specimen of the work :
" One noble means by which the Whigs undertook to re-
store the democratic principle to the Government, was the
general diffusion of education. A party depending for its
existence upon popular support could not be too anxious for
the enlightenment of the people—they could not be too dili-
gent in preparing them for the comprehension of the argu-
ments they addressed to them—i 5 conferring upon them that
knowledge which is power. Jo this department laboured
Henry Brougham, a man whose prodigious talents and un-
wearied industry, whose multitudinous acquirements, indomi-
table perseverance, and enlightened philanthropy, rendered
l;:rr. ...:rti; to .:o. 011; apostle of tho Lew creed of univerz.al
education, At first he was feebly supported and fiercely op-
