LONDON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, .1.40.

AT a MEETING of FRIENDS of the Rev.
WILLIAM JAY (of Bath), held at the London
Coffee-house, Ludgate-hill, on FRIDAY, the 6th day of No-
vember, 1840 ;
EDWARD SMITH, Esq., in the Chair;
After reading the following Resolutions ef a recent Meeting
of the Members of the Church and Congregation of the Rev.
W. Jav, assembling in Argyle Chapel, Bath, viz. :
" That, as in the month of January next (should it please
Almighty God to prolong his life), the Rev. W. Jay, the Ve-
nerable Pastor of this Church, will have completed the Fiftieth
year of his labours in this place; this Meeting considers it
their duty to present to him some tribute of their high esteem
and affectionate regard, in testimony of their sincere attach-
ment to his person—of their veneration for the consistency of
his character, during so long a period—and of their gratitude
for the many spiritual benefits which they have derived from
his unwearied and successful labours ; and which they pray the
Great Head of the Church will still continue unto them.

" That an Address be presentedtOlll;.Ja;, on the day of
Jubilee, accompanied by a suitable present.
" That Subscriptions be now entered into, for the purpose of
raising a Fund for such Testimontai, and the incidental ex-
penses connected therewith ; but that the nature of the Pre-
sent be subject to the approval of Mr. Jay, and that a Com-
mittee be appointed," &c.
It was unanimously Resolved,—
" That this Meeting cordially approves the object of the
foregoing Resolutions, and also desires to record its high admi-
ration of the public and private worth of Mr. Jay, and to aid
the Bath Committee in receiving Contributions for the Testi-
monial referred to, from friends residing in London, and at a
distance from Bath.

- --
" That inasmuch as Mr. Jay has, in the course of his pro-
tracted ministerial labours, frequently promoted the great cause
of Christianity by a Catholic advocacy of its claims amongst
the various denominations of Christians; and as the Members
of these Communions may feel interested in manifesting their
personal regard to the estimable individual who has thus, with
commendable liberality of sentiment, officiated in their pulpits ;
it appears to this Meeting that an opportunity should be also
afforded those friends to evince their regard on the above in-
teresting occasion.
" That in accordance with the foregoing Resolutions, Con-
tributions for London, and other places, be now paid into the
Bank of Messrs. Hankey, Fenchurch-street.
" That these Resolutions be advertised in the public Papers."
( Signed) EDWARD SMITH, Chairman.

CHIJRCH of ENGLAND LIFE and FIRE
ASSURANCE, TRUST and ANNUITY INSTI-
TUTION. Capital, One Million.

PATRONS.
His Grace the Duke of Beaufort.
The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Worcester.
The Right Rev, the Lord Bishop of Oxford.
The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol.
The Right Rev, the Lord Bishop of St. David's.
The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Chichester.
The Right 11,:!v. the Lerd Bishop of Jamaica.
The necessary forms for effecting Assurances, and every in-
formation relative to the great advantages enjoyed by the As-
surers in this Institution may be obtained 1 y application to
BENJAMIN JACKSON, Managing Director,
6, King William-street, City.
A liberal Commission allowed to Solicitors and Agents.

ANNOUNCEMENT OF ADVERTISING FACILITIES
Now available to the Public at the

11kArETROPOLITAN, PROVINCIAL, and
-1.31.. GENERAL AGENCY INSTITUTION,
No. 6, WATERLOO-PLACE, PALL-MALL, LONDON,
Established 1837.
NEWSPAPER AND ADVERTISEMENT DE-
PARTMENT.
GT The repairs and extensive alterations of their spacious
and elegant premises being completed, the Proprietors invite
their friends and the public to an inspection of their arrange-
ments, being assured that, for eligibility in point of situation
and other recommendations, they are not to be surpassed in the
metropolis.
Note Ist —Advertisements, Communications, &c., are re-
ceived for insertion in all the London Daily and Weekly Jour-
nals, and despatched every hour to the respective Newspaper
Offices.

2d.—Advertisement•, Communications, &c., are received and
forwarded to every. Newspaper published throughout Eng-
land, Ireland, Wales, Scotland, and the British Islands. Also
for the entire range of Foreign and Colonial Journals, the Re-
views, Magazines, and Periodicals of every class.
3d.—Letters in reply to Advertisements, &c., may be ad-
dressed to this establishment. Well-arranged and extensive
Letter Depositories, public and private, having been completed
for that purpose. Parties residing in the Provinces, and others
wishing for a West-end address, will find superior accommoda-
tion, and the utmost exactitude and attention in this important
branch of the Institution. The system of assorting and de-
positing is similar to that adopted at the Post-offices of Liver-
pool, Manchester, Birmingham, and other populous places.

PUBLICATIONS.

NEW ROMANCE OF MILITARY LIFE.
Just Ready, in 3 vols., post Bvo.,
THE. CONSPIRATORS.
By EDWARD QUILLTNAN, Esq.
Henry Colburn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.
To be had at all the Libraries.

PROFESSOR SMYTH'S LECTURES.
Just ready in 3 Vols. Bvo., 11. I Is. 6d.
.ECTURES on the FRENCH REVOLU-
TION. By-WILLIAM SMYTH,
Professor of Modern History in the University of Cambridge.
William Pickering, Publisher, Chancery-lane; and J. and
J. J. Deightons. Cambridge.

Immediately will be published, in 3 vols. post 2v0.,
WHO SHALL BE HEIR?
A Novel.
By Miss ELLEN PICKERING.
Author of
NAN DARRELL, 3 vols. post Bvo.
THE FRIGHT, 3 vols. post Bvo.
THE QUIET HUSBAND, 3 vols. post Bvo.
T. and W. Boone, 29, New Bond-street ; Oliver and Boyd,
Edinburgh.

PUBLICATIONS.

Just published.
0 V EL Y NIG II T.
J Song sung by Madame Vestris in " Fashionable
Arrivals."

Chappell, Music-seller to her Majesty, 50, New Bond-street.

SYRIA.
WYLD'S NEW MAP OF SYRIA
One Sheet, 12s. ; in Case, 16s.
PLAN of ACRE, One Sheet, Is. 6d. ; in Case, 2s. 6d.
BEIROUT, ditto, Is. 6d. ; ditto, 2s. 6d.
James Wyld, Geographer to the Queen, Charing- cross East,
London.

This day, in 4t0., richly bound, price 215.,
LEGENDS of VENICE ; displayed in a
Series of Eleven highly finished Engravings, from De-
signs by J. R. HERBERT, Esq. ; and edited by THOMAS
ROSCOE, Esq.

London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

NEW WORK BY CAPTAIN MARRYAT, C.B.
This day is published, in 3 vols. post Bvo.,
OLL A PODRID A.
By CAPTAIN MARRYAT, C.B.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.
Of whom may be had, CAPTAIN MARRYAT'S DIARY
IN AMERICA. 6 vols. post Bvo. 3/. 3s.
CAPTAIN MARRYAT'S " POOR JACK" wii! he pub-
lished, complete in 1 vol. medium Bvo., handsomely bound in a
new style, price 145., with above Forty Illustrations, by
Clarkson Stanfield, on December Ist.

FOR THE USE OF THE DYSPEPTIC.
This day is published, foolscap Bvo., price 4s. cloth lettered,
DISCOURSE on the PENDULOUS
BELLY : showing it to be a Visceral Affection, and
attended with -many important consequences in the human
economy ; with cursory observations on Diet, Exercise, and the
general management of health. For the use of the Dyspeptic.
By. RICHARD FRANKUM, Consulting. Surgeon.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

This day is published, royal ISmo, with illustrations, is. cloth,
CEMETERY INTERMENT ; containing
Descriptions of Pere la Chaise, the Eastern Cemeteries,
and those of America; the London and Provincial Cemeteries,
and more particularly of
THE ABNEY PARK CEMETERY at Stoke Newington,
with a detailed Catalogue of its Plants and Arboretum.
By GEORGE COLLISON, Solicitor.
London : Longman. Orme, and Co.

BELGIUM DESCRIBED AND ILLUSTRATED.
This day, elegantly bound, with India-rubber back, super-
royal Bvo. 21s. ; India proofs, 2/. 2s.
HEATH'S PICTURESQUE ANNUAL
for 1841. A History and Description of BELGIUM.
By THOS. ROSCOE, Esq. With 16 highly-finished En-
gravings, from Drawings by T. ALLOM, Esq. Being Views
of the Cathedrals, and other Public Buildings, &c., of Brussels,
Bruges, Ghent, Mechlin, Antwerp, Liege, Louvain, &c.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

This day, super-royal Bvo., elegantly bound, with India•rubber
back, 21s. ; India Proofs, 2/. 12s. 6d.

TIDE BOOK of BEAUTY for 1841.
Edited by the COUNTESS of BLESSINGTON.
With Sixteen Portraits, viz.—Her Majesty the Queen in
her Nuptial Dress, Lady Seymour, Duchess of Beaufort, Mar-
chioness of Douro, Countess Zichi, Viscountess Dungarvon,
Mrs. Edward Ellice, Hon. Mrs. Stanley, Mrs. Charles Mar-
tyn, - Mrs. White, Miss Isabella Montgomery, Hon. Mrs.
O'Callaghan, Mrs. Garden Campbell, Mrs. D'lsraeli, Miss
Tindal; from Drawings from Chalon, Grant, Hayter, Fisher,
Hawkins, &c.
:.London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

This day, in royal quarto, elegantly bound, price 21s.
the Third and Last Series of
CHILDREN of the NOBILITY. From
Drawings by Chalon and other eminent Artists ; viz.—
Son of Lieut.-Col. John Sidney and the Lady Susan North;
Children of Earls of Lichfield, Howe, Charleville, Chesterfield ;
Daughters of the Earl of Harrington, and Hon. %V. Lascelles ;
Lord Cavendish. Son of the Earl of Burlington.
With Poetical Illustrations by distinguished Contributors.
Edited by Mrs. FAIRLIE.
*.* The First and Second Series may be had, price 21s. each.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

This day, elegantly boundia dpirnoocrfsim,
2sol.nls2islk. ,6d super-royal Bvo.,
THE KEEPSAKE FOR 1841.
Edited by the Countess of ELESSINGTON.
With 15 beautiful Embellishments, by Chalon, Cox, Herbert,
Alaclise, Dyer, E. Corbould, Bently, Phillip, Hicks, Drum-
mond, Meadows.

List of Contributors.—Mrs. Abdy, W. H. Ainsworth, Esq.,
lion. G. F. Berkeley, M.P., R. Bernal, Esq., M.P.,
Countess of Blessingtun, Sir Edw. L. Bulger, Bart., J. R.
Chorley, Esq., Barry Cornwall, Mrs. Fairlie, Sir H. Fleet-
wood, Bart., M.P., Miss T. Garrow, Mrs. T. Holme, E.
Howard, Esq., J. Kenyon, Esq., W. S. Landor, Esq., Lord
W. Lennox, Lord Leigh, Mrs. Maberlv, Lord Viscount Maid-
stone, R. M. Milnes, Esq., M.P.,Hon. Mrs. E. Norton,
Hon. E. Phipps, A. H. Plunkett, sq., H. Reeve, Esq., B.
Simmons, Esq., M. Stapleton, Esq., M. Taylor Esq., Marquis
Wellesley, R. Westmacott, Esq., Sir G. Wilkinson, Florence
Wilson, Lady E. Stuart Wortley, The Author of " The
Lion."

London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

21, FLEET-STREET,

TEN to TWENTY POUNDS SAVED.
NEARLY OPPOSITE CHANCERY-LANE:
Messrs. BROWNE and CARTWRIGHT, Surgeon-
Dentists, 21, Fleet-street, beg to call public attention to their
new anbeautiful EVERLASTING TEETH, the most clean
and wholesome that can be worn : they are so exactly formed
to nature, both in shape and colour, that the closest observer
cannot detect the difference, with this advantage—they never
change colour. decay, or wear out; and a complete set, on fine
gold, for which they will only charge 15 to 18 guineas, will last
for 20 years or upwards, and are far superior to those usually
charged 30 and 40 guineas. A single tooth, one guinea ; three
ditto, two guineas and a half. Natural teeth supplied from Si.
per set, or lOs. per tooth. Messrs. Browne and Cartwright's
method of fitting neither requires the extraction of stumps nor
gives the slightest pain ; and having had upwards of 20 years'
experience profession, can guarantee to restore perfect
masticationin the
and articulation, having succeeded in thousands of
cases, in hundreds of Which other dentists had entirely failed.
The above are totally different from the brittle glossy French
teeth, usually supplied by dentists as newly-discovered mineral,
&c. A visit will convince the most sceptical of the fact.

GOWLAND'S LOTION. This elegant
preparation, an original formula of the late Dr. Gow-
land, for Impurities of the Skin, and first used in his practice
:is Physician to the Household of his Majesty George 111,
when 1755, continues to maintain a repute
nrn ePrn
nsuircaeteof Wales,
specific properties of speedily cradica-
tciongevery species of eruptive malady, discoloration, &c., and
of preserving and enhancing the beauty of the complexion:
by a congenial action upon the skin, as perfectly innocent as it
is agreeable and efficacious.
6‘ ROBT. SIIAW, London," is engraved on the Stamp.
Prices 2s. 9d., Ss. Gd., Quarts Bs. Gd.
Sold by all respectable Perfumers and Medicine Venders.

INFIRMARY for the CURE of STRIC-
TURES of the URETHRA, SYPHILIS, GONOR-
MICEA, GLEETS, and all DISEASES of the GENERA-.
TIVE aid URINARY ORGANS.
Notwithstanding the above Institutic isclosed, Patients i.o.y
continue to receive the GRATUITOUS ADVICE of the Sur--
geon (Mr. Courtenay, 42, Great Marlborough-street,) by ap-
plying at hi 3 own hcase instead of the Charity.
Hours of Attendance, from Eight to Ten in the Alorninks
and from Seven to Nine in the Evenings. On Sundays in the
Morning, but not in the Evening.

GENTLEMEN in Business, Travellers, and,
in fact, all persons in active life, often delay takin
Aperient Medicine in consequence of the pressure of businessg
The following plar: has been found extremely convenient for this
class :—To take a tea-spoonful, or even less, of the
ORANGE PURGATIF DE LAGRANGE, once orstiryNi.
week at bed time. The advantages of this plan are. twice a

gt
or h eo-
1. It acts imperceptibly.
2. It does not require care or confinement.
3. It removes at once any impurities which, if suffered to re-
main, would accumulate and produce illness.
tiv4en. elsts,dsooesonftoetncafoultseafltaenrgauobrl,apokrodstrraaotgiohnt
or of
otherasotyren
cathartic.strong
5. It is most agreeable to take. The flavour is delicious
6. It is much cheaper. One bottle will last a considerable
time.
139,
Price 2s. 9d. Sole Agent, H. Schooling,Fenchurch-
trect. To be had by order of all Medicine Venders.

Surgeons, 4, A ItGYLL-PL ACE
IRON?. CO., Members of
RMEGEENthTSe PUBLIC NOTIaFnIdCATION.-----
lONGER.LANF'
CIIEAPSIDE, may be consulted from Eight. o'Clock in the
Morning until Ten at Night, on. every variety and stacre of
Syphilis, with that delicacy and secresy they have hithertZ eb-
-SllsoßTy
RaSlE.ColESliel:,ge°aonAfdSNu2rB,
served. The treatment they pursue will not subject any patient
to confinement or hindrance from business. Cases of an ex-
treme nature they eradicate in eight or ten ;1a4,,,,, or if slight or
recent in two or three, without the indiscriminate use of mer-
cury, and at a moderate expe!")_se.t. Generative debility,
Gooorrlicea, and Strictures of the. Ure h. ra„ unhappily so preva-
lent, are treated upon those unerring principles which have in-
sured to Messrs. Sloan and Co.. _solarge a share of nubile pa-
tronage for nearly thirty yers i.n Lon on, and which it will be
their future exertion to maintain.
Letters, containing an enclosure.
will
be answered by return
and patients, however distant,
wilbe cerresuonded with until
recovered.

SUPERSEDED.
rYLietures, pains in the
tniisn;Farili:Etlt'ation of the bladder or
LS, a Certain
WU REBRS AuNyreD,fsoCr 01g3P0AnAoLlaBhsleA,
aE::NagviTivelcle,
having been employed or
upwards eo
_uf,sot) urinarycases in private practice
prior to being advertised, in many , 1 cases since, and in no
one instance Anown to fail, are stroi..gby recommended as a far more
efficacious remedy than Balsam Copal a, Cubebs, or any other medi-
cine in present use. Vray, and sold Who]
Prepared only by
M. (:). 1 344 Strand, next Wholesale and Retail
at No. 118, Holborn-hill, N. ,
t Trafaig •
door bu, one to Ca-
therine-street ; No. A, Agar-strce, in-square, and, for, the
accommodation of Shippers and Seafaring. PeoPle, at 8, Dark _house_
lane, Lower Thamcs.street. Sold also bySitnger, 150, Oxford-street ,
Johnston, 68, Cornhill ; Barclay,v"
Venders
n von-stret ; Butler, 4,
Cheapside le; and by all Medicine c i Town and Country ;at
9.5. 9d 4s. 6d and I Is. each box. .
" " Ask for" Wrav's Bal,amic Pills."
in upwar r
ADVICE given GRATUITOUSLY to persons calling between
the hours of Eleven and One in the Morning, and Seven and Nine in
the Evening.

His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury has
given 50/. towards defraying the expenses of restoring
Barfreyston Church, as also Mr. J. Plumptre, M. P.
The Earl of Guilford, Viscount Dungannon, M.P., Vis-
count Strangford, Lord Kenyon, the Right Hon. Sir
Henry Hardinge, M. P., Right Hon, J. Greville, and Sir
B. W. Bridges, Bart., have also subscribed in furtherance
of that desirable purpose.

ERECTHEIUM CLUB, ST. JAMES'S
SQUARE.

-70 1\ TICE is hereby given that", the CLUB HOUSE will
he OPENED for the use of MEMBERS on FRIDAY
the Ist day of January next.
Noblemen and Gentlemen desirous of belonging to the
Club, are requested to send in their names to the Committee,
who have the power of Election uutil the GENERAL
MEETING shall take place.
(Signed) HENRY E. PAINE, Secretary.

BANQUET AT GUILDHALL. 3

(YESTERDAY.)

The usual dinner took place at the Mansion-house.
Amongst the guests were the Turkish Ambassador Rod
the other Foreign Ministers, Viscount Melbourne, Vis-
count Palmerston, Sir Robert Peel, Bart., Mr. Tuffnell,
M.P., Hon. C. Howard, M.P., Sir J. Tyrrell, M.P..
Lieutenant. Colonel Wood, M.P., Mr. Branston, M.P.,
Mr. Kernble, M.P., Sir James Duke, M.P., Mr. Pat-
tison, M.P., Lord Denman and the Judges, &c. The
dinner and wines were as good, if not better than
usual. On the arrival of Viscounts Melbourne and Pal-
merston, particularly of the latter, the cheers were loud
and vehement. Sir R. Peel was also warmly received.
The LORD MAYOR gave, as the first toast, " The
Queen, and may her reign be long and prosperous."—
(Loud cheers.)
The next toast was •' Prince Albert."—( Cheers.)
The Loan MAYOR then gave " The Queen Dowa-
ger."—(Long continued cheers.)
The next toast was "The Archbishop of Canterbury
and the Church."
Dr. CROLY said—l have the honour to return thanks
for the toast which has been proposed. It is a gratify-
ing circumstance to see ►hat the Church and the city of
London have always been in most intimate union, and I

therefore trust that the connection which has lasted so

long and honourably to the laity and the Church, and
so beneficially to the nation, will never be interrupted.
The LORD MAYOR gave " The Duke of Wellington
and the Army and Navy."—(Loud cheers, particularly
at the Duke's name.)
General SHULDHAM returned thanks.
The LORD MAYOR—I have now to propose " Pros-
perity to the city of London." _

SIR W. HEYGATE returned thanks.
The LORD MAYOR—I have to give you " The
Turkish Ambassador and the Foreign Ministers."
His Excellency the TURKISH AMBASSADOR, in re-
plying, through an interpreter, said that he begged on
his own part, and on the part of his illustrious colleagues
included in the toast, to return their sincere and heart-

felt thanks for the honour done them by that magni-
ficent assembly—an assembly which could be witnessed
in no other part of the world. He hoped and trusted
that the harmony and concord now existing between
Great Britain and the Powers with which she was
in friendly relation might continue happily and uninter-
ruptedly for the welfare and prosperity of all the parties
concerned, and for the peace and tranquillity of the
world.—(Cheers.) He concluded by giving " Prospe-
rity to the British nation."—(Cheers.)
The LORD MAYOR next gave " Viscount Melbourne
and her Majesty's Ministers."

Viscount MELBOURNE returned thanks, and in doing
so said that he had to express his strong and deep sense
of the benefits which the city of London had conferred
o■ the country. He had often had an opportunity of
dwelling on this topic, and he felt rejoiced at the oppor-
tunity of repeating his sincere sentiments with respect
to it. He could only say that he had always felt it an
imperative duty, in his position, to corn,: there on such
occasions as the present to pay his respects to the city
and the authorities of the city ; and for the future he
could assure them that, as long as he was honoured
with any invitation, he should feel bound to be present.
—(Cheers.) He was particularly happy in partaking
of their festivities on the present occasion, for he bad
always experienced the greatest civility and attention
from the present Lord Mayor, and he was sure he
would discharge the duties of his high office with zeal
and effect.—(Cheers.)
The LORD MAYOR then gave " Lord Denman and
the Judges."
Lord DENMAN briefly returned thanks in the nsual
style.

The LORD MAYOR then proposed " Sir 11. Peel, and
the other Members of the House of Commons present."
—(Loud cheers.)
Sir R. PEEL was most warmly received. He said—
" On my own behalf. and on behalf of the other Mem-
bers of the House of Commons present on this occa-
sion, I beg to return you the warmest acknowledg.
ments for the honour you have just conferred on us.
I have myself received the same compliment at a
time when I happened to be in the service of the
Crown, and in Immediate connection with the mu-
nicipal authorities of this city ; and I have always
had unfeigned pleasure in bearing willing testimony to
the cordial co-operation I have uniformly met with
from those authorities in maintaining the public
peace and in promoting the public interests.--(Loud
cheers.) I cannot, indeed, expect that a compliment
chiefly due to my official character would be paid tree in
a private situation, but I must feel more grateful for a
compliment which partakes of a personal rather than
of an official character.—(Cheers.) I never can forget
the connection 1 have had with the City of London,

and the obligations I owe it. I consider the City of
London as the representative of the industry and enter-
prise of the country ; and within these walls I have had
the hor.our of receiving that support, and have had

those distinctions conferred on me at a time and under
circumstances when they were truly valuable.—(Cheers.)
I never shall forget that as a freeman lam entitled
lo take an interest in all that concerns your welfare
and prosperity. It may, then, I hope, be permitted
me to give a toast in accordance, I am sure, with the
feelings of all parties. It may be that the Lord Mayor's
year of office will be as peaceful as that of his
predecessor ; but if, unfortunately, circumstances
iliould arise which may require a bolder course of con-
duct, I am sure that the courage and the determination
to uphold the authority of the law, which the Lord
Mayor exhibited at an early age, will be equally mani-
fested in his declining years, when fulfilling the duties
of the high office to which you have called him.—
(Cheers.) With your approbation, my Lord Mayor,
and, I am confident, with the universal approbation of
all present, I give you " The health of the Lord
Mayor."—(Leud cheers.)
The LORD MAYOR returned thanks, but in so low a
tone that it was impossible to hear him. He gave,
" The late Lord Mayor."
Viscount MELBOURNE gave " The Lady Mayoress."
" Sit: Charles Wetherell 'and the Bar"—" The
Sheriffs of London and Middlesex"—" The Aldermen
who had passed the Chair," and the other usual toasts
were then drunk.

THE STRATHBOGIE CASES.—On Tuesday
the majority of the Presbytery got fr,,m Lord Cuning-
hame, Ordinary in the Outer House, a decree, suspending
the sentence of last General Assembly, and declaring per-
petual the interdict granted by the Inner House some
months ago against the Special Commission of the Assem-
bly, and finding the Commission liable in expenses. The
Commission of August last adopted a libel against the said
majority of the Presbytery, which was per contra sent off,
as we hear, on Wednesday, to be executed, that these par-
ties may appear before the Commission upon the 18th
current, to answer thereto; and a summons was on Thurs-
day called in the Court of Session, at the instance of Mr.
Edwards, the presentee of Marne* concluding against
both majority and minority, that they shall be decerned
and ordained to induct him—or failing their doing so, that
they shall be conjunctly and severally found liable to him
in damages. —Edinburgh Courant.
HASTINGS AND ST. LEONARD'S.—Amongst
the families now residing at these esteemed resorts of fa-
shion, are the Dowager Countess of Mansfield and the
Ladies Murray ; the Dowager Countess of Clonmel and the
Ladies Scott; Captain and the Honourable Lady Burton ;
Lady Frances Somerset; Sir Eardley Wilmot, Bart.,
M. P., and Lady Wilmot ; the Hon. William Dun-
das ; Lady Meredith ; Sir Charles and Lady Conte ; the
Hon. William- and Lady Louisa Duncombe ; the Dowager
Lady and Hon. Miss Kinnaird ; Sir John and Lady
Strange ; Sir W. Peacock ; Lady C. Greville ; the
Rev. S. Vernon and Hon. Mrs. Harcourt, &c. De-
partures :—The Earl Cornwallis ; Viscount Lismore and
Hon. Miss O'Callaghan ; Sir Alexander Grant, Bart.,
M. P., &c,

39, ALBEMARLE-STREET, PICCADILLY(OP-
POSITE THE YORK HOMO, AND 76, KING WILLIAM-
STREET, BANK OF KNOLAND.—DEAFNERS AND DE-
FECTIVE VISION.—A greater proof of the value of the
Messrs. S. and B Solomon's Invisible Operative Voice
Conductor And nevily.invented Spectacle Lenses, can-
not be adduced, than the circumstance of the many
thousands of individuals who have obtained the greatest
benefit and instant relief, and the constant immense de-
mand there is for them, and the patronage they have and
daily continue to receive. The Messrs. S. and B. Solo-
mons disdain- all connection with persons of the same
name, and the sale of amber spectacles ; the pereic'eus
use of amber spectacles being now well known to the
public, and the vendor being aware of it, he has therefore
altered their name, by leaving eat the word " Amber,-
and calling them " Patent Spectacles." Dr. Andrew
Ure, Esq., M.D., F. R. S., &c., states amber is most
powerfully electrical by friction, very hot, to such an ex-
tent as to explode into fragments. The workmen, toe, arc
subject to a nervous tremor in their wrists, arms, Sic., they
encounter great danger by handling such dreadfully-ex-
cited clectrics. Amber is of such a soft and sticky na-
ture, that it• is apt to take fire; and when exposed to
warmth, it swells, bubbles up, and will burn away with
flame. This statement is further confirmed by Sir D
Brewster and Pliny, and also by Parks and Hearns on
chemistry. The pernicious and destructive use of such a
material for spectacles to imperfect vision may be ascer-
tained at any respectable optician's in London,

PRICE sd.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

FROM Till MORNING PAPIRS OF THIS DAY.
(From the Morning Chronicle.)
A curious statement was made by Sir Alexander
Croke, at the Bucks Conservative dinner, last week, to
the effect, that the Anti-Corn-law agitation in this coun-
try is aided by receipts of money from societies in Ame-
rica. We should like to know something more of these
transatlantic clubs for sustaining an English agitation.
Until some authentic information is given, the story
will pass for one of the many falsehoods to which Tory-
ism is obliged ceaselessly to have recourse ; and the use
of which, from being matter of party necessity, seems
to have become, by habit, a pleasure to its advocates,
in which they sometimes allow themselves a gratuitous
and wanton indulgence. The reasoning of Sir A.
Croke is not less curious than his statement. Pro-
ceeding to dcvelope the American motives, in his sup-
positious fact, he discovers two :—first, the gratification
of a national hatred towards England, which hopes
by Corn-law repeal to effect its ruin ; and, secondly,
an avaricious desire to become our suppliers with
corn at an enormously high price, which they would
forthwith fix upon the article. The combination of
these two motives, in a people whom the speaker
justly describes as sufficiently longheaded in commer-
cial concerns, is highly ingenious. The Americans, he
thinks, are determined to ruin us for the purpose of
making us good customers. To obtain high prices from
us, they will first reduce us to bankruptcy. Having de-
molished our wealth they will enrich themselves from
our poverty. What brains these Buckinghamshire
farmers must have, after swallowing such facts, to ap-
plaud such arguments. But the speaker had previously
tried the intelligence of the meeting, as well as-exhibited
his own. Describing the Ministry as resembling that
Roman Emperor, who wished his people had but one
neck, that he might cut off all heads at a single stroke,
the orator seems to have been, or to have apprehended
that he was, taken too literally by his audience. He has-
tened to put himself right, " not that it was to be sup-
posed they wished bodily to cut off our heads, because
they could get nothing by it ; a good fat calf's head was
of more value than all the men's heads in the king-
dom." It ought, as the foregoing specimen plainly
shows, to have been modestly added, " provided those
present might speak for all." The right so to to speak
for themselves had been abundantly established. A
part of the Brill and Bucks Conservatism is to unsettle
all the laws, and demolish the tenure of private pro-
perty, by compelling the possessors of estates, alienated
from the Church at the time of the Reformation, to pay,
back a portion at least of their receipts to the Esta-
blishment. The Rev. J. Baron, like others of his
brethren, has an especial eye upon the Bedford pro-
pofertthy. He w
e.
time
ofo would bring the
Richard the
the Duke under
seeood ;f someorget old law
forgetting that
he is appealing to a period fatal-to the legality of
Chutch•rates. Moreover, in this meditated thievery
it is also forgotten what large alienations of Church
estates have taken place in recent times. Who is to
refund these ? The buyers or the Bishops ? The
question would be an awkward one to moot, and might
make more than one Conservative mitre tremble.
The Duke of Buckingham, being safe in say-
ing anything at a meeting chiefly composed of de-
pendents, whose attendance was ordered by his agent,
congratulated the diminished numbers of the meeting
upon their increase, and broke out into a sort of lyric
celebration of the present prosperity and affluence of the
farmers, and of the comfort, happiness, and prosperity
lowing to all around them. And this he had the im-
pudence to assert in a neighbourhood where, as was
mentioned in our columns on Saturday, " agricultural
labourers may be seen begging from door to door, soli-
citing assistance to procure their wives and families
wherewith to support the calls of hunger." This in a
neighbourhood, where those who can obtain employment
only earn from 6s. to 10s. a week, while wheat is be-
tween 60s. and 70s. the quarter, and potatoes are too
high to be obtainable in sufficient, quantities. This in a
neighbourhood, where the chief constable has to report
to the Magistrates that many of the labourers are in
a state approaching towards starvation. Wonderful
are the powers of Conservative brass. The defiance of
truth and decency in these congratulations is rarely
surpassed, even at Tory festivals. It should be sug-
gested to the American associations, whatever they
may be, which send over monies for the Anti-Corn-law
agitation, that they may very usefully and benevolently
employ their surplus funds in subscribing towards re-
lieving the famishing farm labourers on the estates and
in the neighbourhood of his Grace of Buckingham.
Should these associations be the same that offered Mr.

John O'Connell funds for promoting the other repeal,
there will be no occasion to repeat the proviso in favour
of slavery. The nine-shilling labourers of Buckingham-
shire are in no condition to interpose about niggers and
serfs. The character of the Corn-laws, in reference to
the agricultural working population, is brought to a
fatal test by the Duke's glowing statement. We
may put manufacturers and artizans out of the question.
The Duke proclaims himself; for the time satisfied ; he
also proclaims his farmers and tenants satisfied—how

truly, they best can tell, if they dared ; but what of the
wretched, toiling, beggared families around them ? Are
they satisfied also? Or is any one satisfied for them,
whose brain is not beclouded and his heart indurated by
the curse of monopoly ? If the " agricultural interest"
includes the labouring agriculturist—if it reckon him
. .

and his family, their food and clothing, for anything
whatever— then are the Corn-laws condemned, con-
sidered simply as an agricultural question. There is
little need to account for the popular verdict against them
by the supposition of a bribe sent across the Atlantic.

.(From the Morning Herald.)
We must inform our correspondents that we no
longer take any interest whatever in the case of the
cashiered Captain Reynolds. The abject tone of his
recently-published letter ought to place any roan in his
circumstances out of the pale of public sympathy. In
the eyes of those Journals which are labouring to
icreen the Grand Lama-ism of the Horse Guards from
the prying glance of public animadversion, the
letter is, of course, equal to anything great and noble
in spirit and expression that literary soldiership ever
produced. To our humble apprehension, it is,
under all the circumstances, one of the most servile
productions that ever emanated from the pen of man.
What light has flashed upon the conscience of

Captain Reynolds since he made his defence before
the Court-martial, and revealed to him the dread
nature of his crime, of which he did not seem to be
quite conscious before, we know not ; we only know
that he had ample time after his offence was committed

and before the Court-martial was held, to ponder well
upon the nature of the act which he had committed,

and, if he then felt he had sinned so grievously against
military law, as he now appears to do, he should have
thrown himself upon the mercy of the Court and prose-
cutor, and attempted no defence whatever. This
letter has completed the humiliation of Captain Rey-
nolds, and perfected the triumph
.of Lord Cardigan.

When we took up the cause of the former, we ex-
pressly stated that we could not justify his second
letter to his commanding officer, which was, indeed, the

corpus Midi of the act of accusation. But we
thought, as by his defence Captain Reynolds himself
seemed to think, that the accused had been driven by

most unjustaiable provocation to transgress the laws
of military discipline and subordination. We
find we were mistaken in supposing that any unjust or

tyrannical exercise of authority bad driven Captain Rey-
nolds to the commission of the act for which he suffered,
for how can we continue to think him wronged who
paints the guilt of his own case in the most deplorable
colours, and kisses in prostrate humility the rod with
which he is chastised? Whatever we may say here-
after of the mode in which " justice" is administered in
the army, either by Court-martial or without—whatever
we may say of power and influence at the Horse Guards,
which ought to be placed under some real and responsi-
ble control, we must beg to say, that it will not he out
of any sympathy for Captain Reynolds or bis case. He
has, probably, earned his " restoration"—let him enjoy
it. The hand of a generous public support extended to
him he had a right to repel. But let what will befal
him, he will never have an opportunity of repelling it again.
(From the .Morning Post.)
We observe with the utmost satisfaction the confi-
dence which the Chamber of Deputies in France ap-
pears to place in the well-considered prudence and
rational patriotism of Louis Philippe. M. Tillers, we
suppose, bad calculated on a different result. We re-
joice in his disappointment, not that we wish any ill to
him, but we wish well to France ; and we have no
doubt that, had he been suffered by the King to have
his way, the ruin of France as well as the disturbance
of Europe would have been the consequence,
Thiers, if in his true position, would be, perhaps, e, perLpsM,
buter the experience
still
eh France
has g
had, e.
ti: h
t e Weis
very that after
f ta
very little chance of his again arrivingct, ns7d Considering nt gh et
the popularsn posi-
tione otimwohtiicolor
,hwehlately w
it
h occupied.thoe
.
agitated lerance()
innivance of the Thiers Mi-
nistry,ooisers
ahasli t
universality
so o
of
lately
aidta erroneous
, and led to such an
not but regard the prompt and
tuesmcooenrclatuesi
proceedings
a ne
f
V e Chamber, in favour of the moderate party and the
new Administration, as exceedingly creditable to the
majority of the French representatives. They have
shown a coolness and prudence more in consonance
with the temper of the King than with that of the
nattire; but they are not on that account less entitled
to
praise of having done their duty as representa-
tives. Their business is to re resent the judgment,
and not the passions, of the people.
con-
sider, not what the will of the itfonboet
Tbey are to i
n a period of excitement prodpuecoepdlebTadyouhbaptruel,n

• untrue, statements of diplomatic Jig
what they believe to be best for the (e—most con-
ducive to their interest, and to tho and perma-
nent glory of the nation. This they . 101iave
done notwithstanding the popular clamour, which urged
them to a different course. They will have their re-
ward in the present esteem of honest, prudent, and dis-
interested politicians, and in the future gratitude of
those very persons who are now most forward to blame
them—we mean of such as are not revolutionists and
dependent for personal success upon the success of re..
volution. With this miserable class all men of good
principle must have to contend, from first to last, whe•
ther in France or in England, in Germany or in Spain.
There are rumours of very violent measures to bo
taken by the Left party in the French Chamber. Ig
is said to be the intention of that party to try to com-
pel the King by popular clamour to dissolve the Cham-
ber. IVe very' much doubt the accuracy of these ru-
mours. The tido does not run favourably at present
for such a political exploit, and we doubt that even the
desperation of defeat will lead the Left into any such
criminal extravagance. It seems to us that the war
excitement in France has nearly worn itself out, now
that no fresh fuel is provided from the quarter of the
Ministerial. bureaux. The French people will now be-
gin to inquire whether they have not been insposed
upon by misrepreentations of the facts which they
considered so injurious and irritating. This inquiry
must produce results little creditable to the Miirster
who has now coalesced with M. Barrot. The cla-
mours, then, of the Left (should any such thing be at.
tempted) will be regarded with wholesome suspicion,
and, whatever regard may be paid to the were orna-
ments of their oratory, the substance of their attack will
be treated with deserved contempt.

MONEY MARKET and CITY NEWS.

(MONDAY EVENING.)
TIMES.—The termination of the election of Presi-
dent in the French Chambers in favour of the Minis-
terial candidate at once caused an upward movement in
the English funds, which were active all day at im-
proved prices. Amongst ;he bargains closed were so-
veral of a large amount tor investment, and at one time
money stock was extrdnrety scarce. Thig—wini when
quotations were at their highest, Consols being for
money and the account 89i to 89k. Subsequently
there was a disposition to sell, and the market closed
flatter.

The house of H. and J. Johnston and Co., long
known as Irish bankers and merchants, have issued cir-
culars to all their correspondents, making it known this
morning that they have for the present felt it their duty
to suspend their business and further payments. They
have, it appears, just detected a complicated scheme of
swindling, in which several parties are concerned, and
which is the cause of their taking the present step.
Their loss is estimated at not much less than 100,0001.,
but the extent of it is not at present ascertained.
Though their liabilities are considerable, it is expected
that every claim will be satisfied, and there are also
hopes that some of their property which has been ab-
stracted, theugh far less than the whole amount, will be
recovered.

CHRONICLE.—The elections of the ministerial
candidate for the Presidency of the French Chambers,
and of the other supporters of the Cabinet to the
offices of Vice-Presidents and Secretaries, have given
increased firmness to the English Funds. Consols for
the Account °pencil at 89, buyers. A sale, however,
of 100,000 caused a momentary depression to 881 to
89, when a purchase was effected for a similar amount at
89, which again produced an improtemeat to 891,
buyers. Further sales being effected, the Mallet
closed somewhat flatter.

Further remittances have been received to-day from
the Lisbon Bank, towards the payment of the dividend
on the Foreign Debt of Portugal ; and the arrange-
ments necessary to give effect to the plan adopted by
the Government and Chambers of that country for the
settlement of their engagements with the bondholders,
were in an advanced state of progression to maturity at
the departure of the steamer.
We regret to learn that the house of H. and J.
Johnston and Co., who have been long known as Irish
bankers and merchants, hare issued a circular to all
their correspondents, and have made known this morn-
ing that they have for the present felt it their duty to
suspend their business and further payments.
A complicated scheme of swindling and robbery, al-
most without parallel, in which several parties arc con-
cerned, has just been detected by them, and is the cause
of their taking this step. The extent of their loss
is at present not known, but as far as ascertained, it
falls not far short of 100,0001.
Mich- debts are considerable, but the house feel great
confidence that there will be sufficient to pay every
body, and some of the property abstracted, although far
short of the whole amount, is likely to be recovered.

POST.—A feeling of surprise, not unmixed with re-
gret, was manifested in this part of the town to-day, by
a report which became current at an early hour, and
which proved, upon inquiry, to be but too well founded,
of the failure of the old and respectable firm of H. and
J. Johnston and Co. The occurrence is attributed to
the dishonest conduct of a person largely indebted to
the house, and with whom they had become
nti,loessitn.notmviswio.iegl:frhuoeet,rd.,
in sponneetion with the corn-market. This person has,
havet
Ciseem,totom randeee seliir'rPqeua engagementsrisci dte'el fslapisriartsooirvitti
Johnston
nkil‘cn,.lll:tools'.rsTtelrasi(i.t:eauinagril hlobtle'ci imsdf
to
which they were jointly liable. He is believed to
have gone off to the United States by the Great
we understand, general merchants, as well as the
tWowenstea:ersittselomf steamer.
BMe
have been discounted on Saturday to almost any
amoust, so great was the confidence reposed in
their probity and resources. Among those who ex-
pressed the greatest astonishu►tent at the news of their
suspension were their bankers, Messrs. Sm'th, Payne,
and Smiths, with whom their credit was unlimited up
to the last moment, and who, had it been deemed desi-
rable by the parties themselves, would ►willingly have
supplied the funds necessary to relieve them from any
temporary embarrassment. This event has thrown
gloom over the money market, though not as an indica-
tion of pressure in other quarters, the cause assigned for
it being a special and isolated one, so much as on ac-
count of the great personal worth of the individuals im-
mediately implicated in it. The amount of their liabilities
has not been named to us, but it is assumed, from the ex-
tent and nature of the business they carried on, that
it must be pretty considerable. It is said that
the person to whom this unfortunate position of
their affairs is owing was, or had been, a con-
fidential clerk, through the medium of whom the
firm had found it convenient to conduct their dealings
in Mark-lane, and who has seriously compromised
them by large advances of money, which they have
unconsciously made on fictitious documents pledged
with them as the representatives of a valuable considera-
tion. It is added that Messrs. Johnston have deter-
mined to wind up their concerns at once, for the pur-
pose, in a very great degree, of ascertaining the extent
of the claims for which they have been made responsi-
ble through the indirect channel referred to, and that,
had the effort to proceed with their payments, in the ab-
sence of full information upon this point, seemed politic,
they might, with the large amount of negotiable paper
they retain in their bill-case, which is put down at
130,0001., have been enabled to do so. We commu-
nicate to our readers such particulars as we have beard,
but without pretending to vouch for the strict accuracy
of them. If discrepancies should be hereafter dis-
covered, we shall hold ourselves excused, inasmuch as
it is quite evident that that even Messrs. Johnston have
yet much to learn before they can with confidence lay
before their creditors an authentic statement of the cir-
cumstances by which they are driven to the painful al-
ternative of dishouring their acceptances.

SUN.—To-day the Funds have been buoyant, owing
to the favourable, and as many think decisive result of
the first trial of strewth in the Chamber of Deputies
at Paris. The intelligence of this circumstance led to
several good purchases by the more influential brokers,
acting on behalf of parties who now look with confidence
to the maintenance of peace. The advance in Cot.sols
was i to i per cent., but there was a slight re-action
before the termination of business, such as usually fol-
lows any marked improvement, calculated to tempt sales
for the realization of profits.
The stoppage of an eminent firm in the Irish trade,
for a large amount, served to cast some gloom over the
market, as it became more generally known. The un-
fortunate event is unconnected with any embarrassment
arising from a pressure in the money market, and is said
to have been caused by the malversations of their agent
in Ireland, who his absconded, leaving, a
enormous amount. The house, it is supposed, will
eventually resume payment.
QB3to "IP
For transfer to-morrow, Consols brought
(-8
4 to 89,f,
closing at 888 to S 9 ; and for the AccouEnxtchBe
iuer Bills
deficit to an
the latest bargains being at
rallied to par and 2s. premium ;
touched 242 f to
better—viz., 160 ; and
indida-a-Half per Cents. have
2,13 k. The New
ll'irea-an and the Three per Cents.
to 9bi I ;
marked 14 to 12s. discount.d.
HBS',tniaofkekStoek
risen from 97iwas a trifle
from 87:a 88 .0 84.• . . Spanish
The Foreign Securities closed
211 to 21i;
Portuguese N
cw Five per
Actives at 4 NI to 24i, Mexican at
at
Cents at 34, Columbian.
steadily
ily India; vßi
zo.cind s were
4Railway Shares have all been rather higher ;
The
to
o 8 45,
o'7 d Dutch Two-an -a- a per Cents, at 51
7; ; and the
North -111.dland 16 to 17 premium. Tho
York andi ,
Brighton were 12:1- to I'4 dis. ; and the York and
North Midland; 29 dii. Provincial Bank of Ireland
Shares dropped to 181 prem.
viz., the Great Western, 19 ; the New,

It is now feared that the next arrival by the Over-
land Mail from India will be delayed for some days be-
yond the period at which it was due.

The Earl and Countess of Cardian have left
Portman-square, for Deene.park, Northan;ptonsbire, where
a distinguished party will shortly assemble.
