EVENING ED

rDI

and therefore as wholly unworthy of the c,
the philanthropist and the Christian."
JOHN Caorrfx, Esq , seconded the res4ution.\
„.111r. FoLbaa.could not conceive how Christian le Isould
support colonization, for he conceived it wasoppOse4-tv evoty
Christian principle. ( ,;

ttkitiiree;- and lII* et'

Mr. BANNISTER hoped tha Convention would adopt some
means by which those in England would be made
-aware of what had been doing in Liberia for the last
seventeen years.
The'resolution was thee put and carried unanimously.
Lieut.-Colonel CAMPBELL, late Governor of Sierra Leone,
and Delegate to the for the native king's of Western
Africa, and the coloured people of Sierra Leone, then came
forward amidst loud cheers to address the assembly. It was
a most trying occasion to such an humble individual as himself
to have to stand before so intelligent, enlightened, and bene-
volent a body. Ho regretted his powers of eloquence were not
such as to enable him to express his feelings in behalf of the
poor Africans. He felt ;quite identified with them, and the
gratitude he felt for their kindness in assisting him in his en-
deavours for their advancement was beyond his expression.
His object was to get a thorough inquiry into the settlements on
the coast of Attica, and that the abuses which had been known
to exist there fur a series of years might be tully
exposed to the British people. Infamy of the vilest
description (and he challenged the Colonial Genie
or the Horse Guards, his own department, to prove
the contrary) had been knowingly and wilfully supported. He
would not make assertions without proof, and therefore would
briefly state how he found the people, sod what his views were.
He was appointed to Sierra Leone in 1834, and when Mr.
S. Rice, now Lord Monteagle, sent for him, he saidtthat
his object in sending him out was to obtain correct information
respecting the state of that settlement., which occasioned more
expense than any other under the Crown, and one with re-
spect to which he was desirous to know well what steps he ought
to take. It was but justice to Lord Monteagle to say that he
sent him away three times before he would allow him to accept
the Government; but he, as a soldier, felt that he was bound
to undertake the duty proposed to him, however dangerous
it might be, and however much it was opposed to the wishes of
his friends. He accepted the appointment, and he had to
thank Providence alone that he had gone through the dangers
of the office, from climate and other risks, with perhaps less
injury than any of his predecessors. The moment the ship which
carried him out arrived at the colony, he found the opposi.
tion which the military there were accustomed to display to;
' wards the civil authorities. From that day forward the opposi-
tion was steadily kept up. When he arrived, he found the
liberated Africats in a state of perfee% nudity, but he was one
abled to correct that evil, with the exception of the erewemon,
who were; described as averse to wearing clothing, although
he believed that the opposition in that respect was owing to
some of the European merchants. However, ir. 1836, he had
the satisfaction of seeing the Krooemen Men np one day le the
Government House ail clothed.—(Applause.)—But be was
sorry to say, that since he was recalled, they had returned to
their former eondition.—(Hears 'scar. )—He had taken pains
to ascertain the character of the people who were entrusted to
his charge, and although the tribes were numerous, and totally
dissimilar in many respects, yet they all resembled io the
particular, that if they were convinced that those with
whom they had to deal meant to act honestly, aaythirig
might be done with them.—( Hear, hear.) The first poi..
son to whom he applied for information was the Colonial
Chaplain, as to the state of religion and the schools. But the
Rev. Gentleman would give hint no information on the subject,
more than this--tlrat it was necessary to beware of the missiona-
ries.—(Hear hear, and laughter.) Yet he (Col. C.) found
out aftelwards that whatever good had been done in VlVstein
Africa was owing to the missionaries of all denominations.--
( Applause.) He found that in the schools in Free Town there
was a line distinctly drawn between the children born in that
colony and those who were liberated from the slave ships.
The former would not go to the same schools with the
latter.—( Hear, hear.). They thought it derogatory to them to
associate with their liberated little brethren.—(Hear, hear.)
But he also got over that evil by appealing to the chiefs of the
people, and the colonial children and liberated children mixed
together.—( Hear, hear.) He imtitutCd schools for girls in
Free Town, but he was ishligeti. to remote to the Bananas to pro-
tect the children_ fro,":, his own countrymen.—( Hear.
hear.) It
1"3 of Yiu use to take the Africans from the
slave ship and
east them on the shore to provide for themselves
—( He'? b" ar)—unless we provided for their instruction as the
m.heans of maintaining themselves.--( Hear.) But what was
L.::: practicethere w w a
aahni fuon d
of?
21d When a
for
the men
e se
n ship
allowanceeh heandp the
was
children brought
until they were otherwise provided for. There was no allow-
once whatever for the women, and they were consequently given
away to any one who chose to come and take them—( Hear,
hear, hear. )—the officers of the Government having the first
choice.—( Great sensation.) James Stephen, of the Colonial
0 ~ cc and Mr. Buxton, knew that as well as he did.—(Hear,
hear.) Colonel Campbell then went into details of this mis-
conduct of inini.ters of the Gospel and officers of the Govern-
ment, which greatly shocked the meeting. Those details were
extremely personal, and a strong feeling was expressed by a pot,
of the meeting that the names of absent pe.sons onght not its
be so introduced. The Gallant Gentlemen impugned the
conduct of the Colonial Office, which differed from him
in opinion, and reinstated the persons whom he dis-
missed. owards the close of his- address- the meeting ma-
nifested considerable impatience. In conclusion he stated,
that just before he was recalled, he had biought the chiefs of
the slave-dealing tribes into such a view of their own interests,
and so friendly a feeling towards the Colonial Government,
that there was an immediate prospect of their soon abandoning
the traffic if he had remained there.

Captain WATC HOP bore testimony to the excellent dis-
positions of the Western Africans, and to the good conduct
of the liberated blacks. He had himself ♦isited the schools es-
tablished by Col. Campbell, and carried away from them some
specimens of the writing df the children, which he distributed
throngli the meeting. They were really excellent. Ho con-
cluded by moving—

That the Committee of the British and Foreign Anti.Stavery
Society be requested to take into consideration the statements rela.
tive to Sierra Leone now laid before this Convention, and to
take such et eps thereon as may appear best calculated to obtain
a thorough investigation' into the state of our present settlements
on the West Coast of Africa, with the view of exposing the
abuses which have so long existed, and prevented that advance-
ment in civilization and suppression of the slave trade, se ardently
deAreil by the real friends of Africa, and to obtain which so much
I has-been expended:'"
The Rev.' Mr. PRICE seconded the resolution; which was
carried unanimously.

Mr. Justice JEtiEarty: warmly defended Mr. Stephen ofitte
Colonial Office, from the imputations which had been cal upon
him. Ile moved—

" That a paper, detailing a plan of Stave Trade Abolition, by
Mr. Murray; of Glasgow, having been laid on the table of the Se-
cretarieA,

" Reso:ved—That the tame be referred to a Committee Amidst-
ing of Mr. Murray, Dr. Bowring, Mr. George Thompson, and the
Mover and Seconder, with instructious to report themeon to-suor.
row."

The Rev. Mr. CARLISLE seconded the resolution, which was
unanimously agreed to.
The Rev. Mr. C. GROSVENOR then mired the following
resolution :

" That this Convention, deeply sympathising with the storvivers
of the Amislad, who, though fully proved to be rightfully and
legally flee, ate yet as slaves incarcerated in the United States,
under the authority of the Government of that country, do express
their regret and astonishment at the course ptrsued towards those,
victims of cupidity and cruelty, in the vexatious delays to which
they have been subjected, in their trial in American Courts, and
especially in the interference of the National Executive in aid of th•
oppressors of these prisoners, for the purpoie of delivering them up
to their unjust claimants, and thus reducing them to absolute and
perpetual slavery." . _

. .
The tier. Mr. BLOCK seconded the resolution, which, after
some discussion of a very desultory character, was agreed to.
Dr. filAnnEs, in supporting the resolution respecting the
survivors of the Amistad (which he did frown a full knowledge
of the facts), strenuously defended Lori 61elte11 *id Mr.
Stephen, of the Colonial-office.
After some routine business, the meeting adjourned at nine
o'clock.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
(LLOYD'S.)
NOTICE TO MARINERS
QUARANTINE. REGULATIONS AT CADIZ.
The following copy of a decree has been received at Lloyd's,
from the British Consul at Cadiz :

The Provincial Board of Health, on the Ist of this month,
communicates to the, Board of Trade as' follows :—• In conse-
quence of there being in the Lazaretto of Malta, under qua-
rantine, an English vessel from Alexandria, attacked by the
plague, the Supreme Board of Health has commanded, by au
order elated the '>2d of May last, which I have just ieceived,
that all vessels arriving in our ports from that island shall be
considered as having unclean bills of health so long as the men-
tioned vessel shall continue in that state.' Which, with the
concurrence of the said Board of Trade, is hereby made public,
for the information and government of the mercantile com-
munity.
(Signed)

" Cadiz, June 6, IMO."

1i AT Lt AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
..... tnututesatt r 8 i it.reninz 55 !mutates zOter S
