MEIWANTI LE SHIPPING.

DEAL, MAY 4.—Wind N.E.-,Came down from the River
last night and sailed, the Joseph and Dorothy, for Oporto; Sir
Henry Stanhope, for Mogadore. Arrived and sailed for the
River the Maria, Greenslade, from St. Michael's; and Louisa,
Barnard, from ditto.
May 3.—Wind S.E.—Arrived this morning and sailed for
the River the George the Fourth, Jay, from Demerara. Came
down this morning and sailed, the Partridge, Thornton, tbr
the South Seas; Mary, Reed, ditto; Helena, Currie, Quebec;
Palambam, Simpson, Virginia ; and Rambler, Lawson,
Brazils.
PORTSMOUTH, MAY 4.--Wind E.S.E.—Arrived the
Henry Witham, Worts, Gergenti ; and his Majesty's ship
Egeria, from Plymouth.
MAY 3.—Wind S.E.—Arrived the Express, Barrett, from Gibraltar ; and Elizabeth, Cawthorne, Leghorn. Passed by
the Asia, Lindsay, for Calcutta.
PLYMOUTH, MAY 3.—Wind N.E.—Arrived the Neptune,
Dixon, from Havannah, in 42 days; left the Hyperion frigate
there. A squadron of light American eruizers afford the trade
very great protection by granting a convoy weekly through the
Gulf to vessels of every description; Harriet, Cumming,
Gibraltar; George, Rawel, St. John's, Newfbundland.
MAY 2.—Wind S.E.--Arrived the Marshal Blucher, Davis,
from Tesciera.
FALMOUTH, MAY 3.--Wind E.S.E...—Arrivell the Ann,
Hill, from Almeira,_in 30 days, for London, with maintop.
mast sprung. Off Cape St. Vincent saw a French frigate, 3
brigs and 2 schooners ; and off lishant a French frigate.

CONTINUED PI It ACI EC—The Ceres arrived
here on Thursday from New Orleans. On her
voyage she was boarded by a pirate, near Ha-
vannah. The crew were most cruelly used, their
clothing, &c., purloined, and their provisions
taken ; so that the vessel was obliged to put into
Nassau, to enable her to proceed on the voyage.
The pirate had previously captured a Dutch ves.,
set, the individuals on board of which (with the
lepxu ct eoput i ob no
aor fd the
the
Ceres. Captain
_ad a passenger)ivciliout were

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Extracts from the Morning Papers, May 5.

[MORNING CIfrtONICT.E.J
The Paris Papers of Thursday and Friday
have been received. It will be seen from them
that the French lire obtained possession of Sa-
ragossa. M. de Chateaubriand, on whom the
charge of defending the French Government
Chiefly devolves, has attempted a reply to the
first portion of criminatory matter received from
this cpuntry. The principles of this Gentleman
seem always to have been of a very accommo-
dating description, so that we are by no means
surprised at the readiness, nay, we will even
Say dexterity with which he can command prin-
ciples for every emergency. He became an
infidel, as he tells us, without inquiry, and after-
wards a Christian without evidence. " 1 wept and
I believed." Twenty years ago he was " not in-
sensible to the greatness of a free people, and
could not tread over their noble dust without
emotion." But " at a more mature age the mind,",
he tells us, " acquires a taste for more substantial
enjoyments." In short, M. de Chateaubriand
is more to himself than the whole world is ; and
can equally contemplate with satisfaction " the
greatness of a free people," when he has to write
a sentimental novel, and " the reduction of a free
people to slavery," when he can thereby put a
few thousands in his pocket.—lt is impossible,
however, to deny to M. de Chateaubriand the
possession of both eloquence and acuteness ;
and indeed, it would be difficult to offer a better
defence for Legitimacy than that which he
has more than once made—revolution, i. e.
freedom and legitimacy, cannot, he says, sub-
sist togetber.—Tbat may be very true. An
honest man and a thief cannot subsist to
gether. The thief wishes to have the better of the
honest man, and in like manner the legitimate of
freedom. He assumes that legitimacy and aris-
tocracy are necessary, and then as democracy
cannot subsist along with them, it follows that
democracy should give way. In England, he
says, aristocracy is all powerful, and protects
monarchy, and therefore aristocracy can safely
swagger about freedom ; but in France mo-
narchy protects aristocracy, which in itself is no-
thing, and therefore monarchy, for„the sake of
aristocracy, must he allowed to keep demo-
cracy under.

[NEW Till Es.:l
The Opposition prints, sore at the ridicule
-which the late division of 352 to 20,'has thrown
upon their Patrons, have tried to divert public
attention from this subject by one of the most
stupid fictions ever penned. They gravely
assert that the King said, at the Levee, to M. de
Marcellus, the. Chargé d' Affaires, " Tell your
Master I wish him success with all my heart he
bat my best wishes."—Now, to believe this, a
man must be a downright idiot. Whatever sen-
timents his 'Majesty may entertain of the views
of the. French Government with regard to Spain,
lie certainly would never think of intimating
them in. such a manner, and on such an occasion.
And yet the Editor of The Times manifestly
gives credit to this absurdity! lie says, indeed,
" we do not believe this story ;" but his whole
article proves that he is blockhead enough to put
implicit confidence in it. Nay more, he uses it
as the ground-work of an insinuation that Ids
Majesty is insane,! It is really disgraceful to the
good sense of the Public, that such a mixture of
impudence and stupidity should be tolerated in
a self-styled " Leading Journal." Does this
sapient Editor ‘vish to persuade his Readers
that he obtained his information from his Ma-
jesty, or from the French Minister ? Or
was any third person present at this confiden-
tial communication ? I f so, let the individual
be named. But we waste time in. remarking on
the grossness of a fiction as palpable as that of
Falstaff's awn in buckram. It first appeared, we
believe. in some obscure Evening Paper, and was
copied into The Morning Chronicle with the view,
most probably, of diverting attention from the
discomfiture of the Whigs. The Times, however,
does not simply repeat the absurd tale, but draws
an inference from it, which implies in the writer
a degree of deep, settled malignity ; and it is
this conduct which we feel it a duty to hold up
to the indignant reprobation of the public.

tTIiE TIMES.]
The attempt now making to mitigate the evil
of the gatne-laws will obtain, we trust, some
effectual support in the House of Commons.—
This day is appointed for the second reading of
the bill, which authorizes " the sale of game,"
and which, like any other law extending the
freedom of fair trade, is calculated, in the same
degree, to disarm the smuggler of his iniqeitous
occupation. If the who are best acquainted
with the habits of the lower orders of Englishmen
can be credited, a long catalogue of the crimes
Avhich disturb and disgrace this country may be
traced to the frequency and to the popularity of
poaching. We are stare that a large share of the
growing alienation between the two extremes of
society here can he ascribed to no other cause.
The Country Gentlemen tell you that the State
has an interest in preserving the game for their
comfort and amusement. l t has at least an equal
interest in the morals and lives of the people.—
We are ashamed almost to argue such a question :
others there are who ought to blush that it has
been so long and so vainly argued.
