POST-OFFICE.

The Earl of RADNOR presented a petition from South
ampton in favour of Rov,!and Hill's plan of Post office Reform.
SHERIFFS COURT BILLS.

The Duke ofRICIINIO ND presented a petition from the
procurators of Elginshire in favour of the Scotch Sheriffs
Court Bill. Also a petition from the merchants, bankers, &c.
of Brighton, in favour of the English Sheriffs Court Bill.
Lord SONDES presented a petition from the Warrington
Operative Conservative Association, ae'ainst the admission of
Roman Catholics into the Le7islmture.

The Bishop of SA LISBURY presented a petition from
Stockton-on-Toes, Durham, praying for the suppression of
Hindoo idolatry.

The Duke 'of WELLINGTON presented a petition
from the aldermen and justices of the county of the city of
Cork, prayint for compensation under the Irish Municipal
Corporation Bill.

- MESSAGE FROM TILE COMMONS.
Sir M. WOOD and Others from the Commons brought up
the Royal Exchange Bill.

MAYNOOTH COLLEGE.
The Earl of WINCHIL SE A presented a petition against
any further grant to the Collen'e of Maynooth, from Liver-
pool. Also a petition from Huddersfield, Gosport, and other
'places to the same effect.
APPOINTMENT OF MR. TURTON.
The Earl of WINC HIL SE A then said he wired to put a
question to the Noble Viscount at the head of the Govern-
ment, in order to test the sincerity of the Noble Viscount in
the regret he expressed on a former occasion at an appoint-
ment which had been made by the Governor of Canada,
which was whether that individual had been recalled. It bad
also been reported that another individual, who had been im-
prisoned for three years, had left this country with the piomise
of au appointment under the same Government.
Lord MELBOURNE had only recently heard of the ap-
pointment which had been alluded to, and there had not since
then been sufficient time to communicate with the Governor
of Canada. It would not certainly at present be convenient
to state the course it was intended to pursue.

INDIAN NATIVES' PROTECTION BILL.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH inquired whether the Noble
Baron opposite (Lord Glenelg) intended to press through the
other House of Parliament a Bill their Lordships had passed
for the protection of the natives in India.
Lord GLENELG was in communication with the Board
of India, and hoped to be able to give an answer in a day or
two.

The Duke of WELLINGTON said if the other House
did not pass that Bill it would be absolutely necessary
that some measure should be adopted to put an end to the
Orders in Council, and the Act passed, authorising t: affic in
the natives.
Lord BROUGHAM heartily concurred in what had fallen
from the Noble Duke.

Lord BROUGHAM,SLAVERY having presented a large number of
petitions praying for the immediate abolition of negro
slavery, said he rose for the purpose, and, as he hoped, and
most confidently expected, for the last time, of addressing
this Parliament, or any assembled inhabitants of this country,
on the great question which had called them that day toge-
ther. If he had long laboured strenuously, but feebly_
honestly, though humbly, in this great cause—if he had,
through good report, and through evil, abided by that cause,
if he had, through various fortunes, even when his mind was
most depressed by the prospects before him and the cir-
cumstances which surrounded 11'.m, never for one instant felt
despondency as to its ultimate success, it was because he
had at all times to support him the public mind of
this kingdom. At all times this question had been
gloriously distinguished from all others, in that it
laid asleep for the moment and for the occasion
every difference of political opinion ; all discrepancies
of religious feeling, - faction, and sectarianism, went to
sleepthe whcharacter en humanity and justice, and soun policy
of the country were all. indvolved in
the issue. That it was that bore up his spirit, even when
aware he was outnumbered by the Representatives of the
people, to the extent of three, four, or five to one—even
when after the Representatives of the people had come round
to the opinion of their constituents, and bad given their voices
with that of the country in favour of the measure, even when
the very day after they, by another vote, reversed that deci-
sion.—(A laugh.) When, too, their Lordships were pleased
to interpose one of those obstacles which had been deemed ne-
cessary to prevent rash and precipitate legislation, but which
on that question, iron no other, produced effects all but fatal
to the hopes of the abolitionists—even in those most gloomy
times; and when they had gone so far as to carry the mea-
sure of 1833. and he found that experiment successful in no
1, se part---even then, when their Lordships would not listen to
is warnings nor lend a favourable ear to his entreaties, and
lie was aware that the Members nho would support him were
so small that he dare:( not to ask for a division, even then his
spirits were undaunted—he felt his cause to be just and right,
tied he knew the peeve to be with him. He now stood be-
fore them under different ,•!Teurnstancea • he came now to re-
joice in all but the accompliJiment oral( his hopes. He came
"ow to remind their Lordships that the day bad at length,
and on this very day, arrived, when they could not refuse
their consent—all that was wanting—to complete this mea-
sure
rofjustice, and that all must be given in England, be
utte ill the colonies there was not the power to give it.
llCPIkt he must first remind their Lordships, and a few
s would suffice, of what had been done in the West
itsiuies with tegard to this question. Glory and gratitude es er
ting to the people of Antigua, for their bright example
od been followed elsewhere, and it seemed a. if the lustre of
their (achievement bad enabled others to sea the error of their
waYs• Antigua, however, took the lead. Antigua, two
Sears before any other, adopted a similar course, came fur-
Ward and dared to be wise, dared to be prudent. She knew
and felt, that the most prudent and the safest policy was also
the most virtuous, the most just, and therefore the most prompt
and the most bold. Her example was f Mowed by Nloritserrat
and by the smaller isles, and then by the greater colony,
which arrogated to itself the title of " Little England"--he
meant the great colony of Barbadoea. There remained Ja-
aica ; and he was informed this day, as if by the special in-
:FrPosition of Providence having postponed his motion from
tlme to time, owing to one accident and another—having put
Ir`i'_eir on tile last occasion in consequence of the illness of a
forward(
ord—having thus waited till this day to bring
this motion, whereof he had given notice, on this
.jy morning there had arrived, to greet him on the
"wn of the day that should witness the last discussion
Parliament, as he fervently hoped, of this great ques-
tion, the glorious intelligence that at length Jamaica too
Lad
givenin thes way, and that in Jamaica, with unexampled dispatch,
pace of three or four dais, the measure had been carried
through the Assembly, and th; negroes of Jamaica were free
on the Ist of A
nies which follouwgust.—( Hear.) These were the s
emancipated We a • lave colas
Emancipated example of Antigua. . The numbers
.5h4,00?4 in.r Jamaica, 235,000 ;in Barbadoes,
iinueludine Antigua, there were not less
an oao.uou, besides b measure of 1833, as
non-predials and your,u)cslildwhom uemancipated. We under-
stood the Noble and Gamed rLeour'clt say that the number in
the the
eoloniea, with r- to
tto whom the example
that. bad (,ern set could not be efolleouwed, because the crown
They were made slaves after a law of this land had declared
it felony to make them slaves ; and yet this country was
calledw upon to pay no less a sum than two millions sterling
by ay of compensation to the very persons
.w.ho had co m-
mitted felony in making them slaves. Two millions sterling,
indeed 1 The gallows would be a far more appropriate ernm
peonsation to these felons. 11l the Mauritius no fewer than
not therefore
slaves out of 37,000 weie not registered, and could
whentherefore be claimed as the property of any owner. If
seenthe abolition measure wits in progress, there hay
ate anything like a revelation to show that the preparatory
of apprenticeship was not, neceasary, ahet the negroes
ere.as peaceable, as industrious, and as disposed to labour
fort hire as the whites, no one for a moment would have ti load to to propose that state of apprentieeehip. It was now
,ten.otrla as well as if there had been such a revelation that
int: Was the case, and it was for the Legislature of this
country S 9 act accordingly. Ti, two years of pretemlo4
