THELLUSON'S WILL.

The LORD CHANCELLOR moved the third reading
of the Bill.

Earl HARROWBY rose to state the grounds on which
he proceeded in his objections to this Bill, and was left
speaking.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the chair, at a few minutes after
Five o'clock.

Sir R. FERCUSON brought up the report of the
the Select Committee on the state of the Borough of War-
wick, which was ordered to be printed. The Hon. Baro-
net postponed the issue of the new writ till the 19th of
August.
Mr. J. OSWALD brought up the Stith Report of the
Committee on Public Petitions, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GODSON gave notice that be would, on Wed-
nesday next, present a petition from the merchants Lnd
planters of Jamaica, praying to be heard by counsel at the
bar of that House agoinst certain parts of the Slavery
Abolition Bill.

Mr. EWART presented a petition from the Anti-
slavery Society of Liverpool against the compensation
clause in the Bill for the emancipation of the slaves.
Colonel EVANS moved "for a return of the number of
houses in the different pariahes of the city of Westminster
untenanted during the last rating.
Major BEAUCLERK wished to ask if the Noble
Lord, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, could not ob-
tain from the Noble Duke at the bead of the Post
Office department, some modification of the existing
regulations as regarded the delivery of the twopenny
post. At present, whilst persons within the limits of
ten miles received their letters through that medium,
those who live only two or three yards beyond that limit,
although in the same street, had to pay a postage of
sixpence.
Lord ALTHORP said there must be some limit fixed
to the twopenny post delivery, and whenever it was fixed
those who resided on the verge of the limit would be in
the same situation as others were at that moment. He
would not, therefore, give any pledge on the matter.
Mr, FOWELL BUXTON begged to inquire of the
Right Hon. the Secretary for the Colouies, whether it
was his intention to lay before the House a copy of the
Order in Council, by which the details of the Bill now
about to be read a second time were to he carried
into effect by the Colonial Legislatures? He could
with the greatest sincerity say that he could neither un-
derstand what was meant by the system of apprenticeship.
He knew it was not absolute slavery—but he knew also
it was not freedom, and he should therefore like to have
some definition as to the amount of slavery and freedom
it would afford. This Act s,id, that its system of labour
should extend to ten hours, which was placing the slaves
in a worse situation:than they were by the present law,
which confined their labour to nine hours in the day; and
this Act also took from the slaves the forty days of free-
dom in the course of the years to which they were at
present entitled ; so that in fact they would be worse off
by forty days in the y ear, and one hour in all the remain-
ing days, than they were d t present.
Mr. STANLEY could not see how it could
be'
.expected that he should produce the copy of
o passed,
With
to
an Order in Council, which must he founded on an Act
of Parliament nut yet passed. He had no idea of
anonridtei
or
nb
appliedefore th ebyAct the
was
Hn. Gentleman
respect
tg suchtot the de
fi
apprenticeships, it was equally applicable to all other ap-
prenticeships, under whatever circumstances, for in no
case could they be said to comprehend actual freedom,
or actual slavery. The details of the Act would have to
be filled up by the Colonial Legislatures.
After. a few words front Lord HOWICK, pressing the
production of the draft of the Order in Council.
Mr. STANLEY declined producing it.
Mr. F.BUXTON, on the motion for going into the second
reading, intimated his intention, on going into Committee,
to move two instructions—the first to limit the period r.f
apprenticeship to the shortest period, consistent with the
introduction of the necessary regulations ; and the other,
that no money should be paid to the planters till slavery
has entirely ceased.
Dr. LUSIIINGTON also intimated his intention, on
going into Committee, of moving that all persons having
been slaves in any of the West Indian Islands, and who
had been in any part of Great Britain and Ireland,
awl bad returned, should, ipso facto, be declared free.

LEFT SITTING.

POLTCE INTELLTGENCR.

MANSION-II O USE.

O❑ Saturday, a deputation from about 250 men, who
have just been disbanded by the agents of Don Miguel in
this country, appeared before the LORD MAYOR.
The spokesman, a stout able boatswain, stated to his
Lordship, that he and a great many other able-bodied
men, for the most part English, not baying been able to
get work, entered, about a fortnight ago, into an engage.
ment with the agents of Don Miguel in England, to go
into the service of, and fight for, that Sovereign (whatever
name he might have once come in for), at the rate of from
51. to 101. a month, according to the capabilities of the
employed. They were engaged by a Capt. Elliott, who was
to have headed them, and went as far as Gravesend, from
which they were to embark for Portugal, to fight for the
uncertain crown. A quantity of provisions bad been sent
down from London to them ; but they had been robbed
of them in a moat cruel manner, and as soon as the news
reached England that Captain Napier had gained so deci-
sive a victory over the Miguelites, their services were dis-
pensed with at once; and, without money or victuals,
they were obliged to make the best of their way to London.
The Loan MAYOR asked the deputation whether they
were aware that by fighting for Don Miguel they would
fight against their own countrymen, who, it was notori-
ous, firmed the great bulk of the late victors ?
The boatswain replied, that they were all perfectly
aware of that circumstance ; but they had no alternative
but fighting for Miguel or starvation.
Mr. Reynolds, a gentleman who supplied the Miguelitea
with goods to the value of 3,0001., said that the circum-
stances of the tars about Wapping and Shadwell, and all
along the waterside, were desperate in the extreme : such
a thing VI never occurred to British sailors before hap-
pened now—they were to be seen in droves I.2gging. The
precipitate alteration with respect to the East India Com-
pany, and the long peace of Europe, bad almost totally
annihilated the feeling, and spirit, and resources of the
British seamen. He (Mr. Reynolds) had received no
more than 2,0001. out of 3,0001. due to him from the
?gents of Miguel.
The LORD MAI-on—As you make it a mere matter of
pounds, shillings, and pence, I suppose you would not
hesitate to go now and fight for Don Pedro ? Boatswain
—Certainly not. If we are paid well, it does not signify
for whom we fight. At least, our wants, and the severe
treatment we have received make us think so.

Mr. Hobler—Poor fellows. Their misery has pinched
the old English feelings out of them.
Boatswain—We can't starve, and it is better to fight
for our bread than starve. To get a ship is quite impos-
sible ; ask all the shipowners and shipbrokers along the
water side, and you'll find we are not romancing.
The LORD MA-roa asked how and by whom they were
robbed ? The boatswain said by a number of Jews who
went down to Gravesend when they heard that a steamer
with provisions was sent down to the recruits. The Jews
pretended to have authority, and they proved it by steal-
ing and selling all they could lay hands upon.
The LORD MAYOR-Exactly so. I never expected any
thing else. Anything for that people but honest labour.
Why don't you look after them? Boatswain—lt is all
useless, my Lord. A Jew would beat the devil any day.
They are getting more power every day, and I know well
that they'll have everything their own way by and by.
The LORD MAYOR told the deputation that he would
make inquiry, and endeavour to procure some satisfaction
for the poor men.
UEEN- S UA RE.

It having been generally known that Chas. Reynolds,
the young man who attempted to murder Sarah Parry,
and afterwards made an attempt on his own life, was to
be examined at this office on Saturday, a number of per-
sons assembled at an early hour to catch a glimpse of the
parties, and hear the evidence adduced. Reynolds bad
been placed at the bar on a previous day, but his intended
victim was not sufficiently recovered until this morning
to attend and give evidence against him. She was con-
veyed from St. George's Hospital in a cabriolet, and ap-
peared in a weak state on entering the office. In a few
minutes after she had been seated in the outer office she
fainted. A respectable looking female, named Davis, sister
to Parry, applied the usual restoratives, and the young
woman was shortly enabled to enter the magistrates'
room, where she was accommodated with a chair. The
prisoner Reynolds was then placed at the bar. He appeared
to be under 20 years of age, and was decently attired as a
gentleman's servant.
Sarah Parry first became acquainted with the prisoner
at Mr. Wetherall's, at Hampstead, where she had resided
three years. He came to live in the same service in Fe-
bruary last, and left it on the 18th of May ; she also left
Mr. Wetherall's service on the Monday following ; never
saw the prisoner previously to his residence at Mr. We-
therall's ; when she left she proceeded to the house of Mr.
Boswell, a market gardener, residing at Hampstead, where
she met Reynolds ; she occasionally went to London, and
to her sister's at Hammersmith, to endeavour to, obtain
another situation ; she obtained one, but not feeling com-
fortable she left it at the month's end. On the 27th of
June she visited her sister, Mrs. Davis, who lived at No.
2, St. Alban's-place, Hammersmith ; while at tea with
her sister, on the following Friday evening, she heard some
one unlock a door, and on turning round saw Reynolds
at the kitchen door ; her sister got up, when Reynolds
said to Mrs. Davis, " If you move you are a dying woman ;
I will shoot you, by Heavens." Witness was so agitated
that she did not know what answer her sister made. The
prisoner had a large pistol in his hand when he made use
of these expressions. Ile got up against the glass door,
put his foot to it, and said to witness's sister, " You shall
suffer for injuring my character among my friends." At
this instant the kitchen bell rang, when her sister ex-
claimed that there were some of the family coming in.
Witness stood by the side of the kitchen dresser, and im-
mediately after the exclamation of her sister the prisoner
fired the pistol at her (witness). She dropped upon the
floor, and was ultimately carried to the hospital. Never
heard any thing more that passed.
Elizabeth Davis, widow, of St. Alban's-place, Ham-
mersmith—The last witness is her sister, whom she in-
vited to tea, as she had stated. While witness and her
sister were at tea, she heard a door unlocked, and i❑ an
instant Reynolds made his appearance, with a pistol in his
hand, which he pointed at witness. Witness did not
know from whence be came, but believed that he had
secreted hitnself in the wine-cellar, of which place be
had obtained the key. On pointing the pistol at witness,
and saying that " if she moved she was a dying woman,"
she asked bins what she had done to him ? He replied
that both she and her sister had injured his character
with his parents. Reynolds then put his hand in Isis
bosom and pulled out two small pistols, exclaiming, at
the same time, " Look here, Betsey, there's one for each
of ; one for me, one for you, and one for your sister ;"
he held the small pistols in one hand, and the horse-pistol
in the other, and said, " Stir either of you, if you dare."
At this moment one of the porters who had been attend-
ing a sale in the house rang the bell? witness said,
" Charles, Charles, there are some of our people coming
in ;" he said nothing, but lifted up his hand and shot
witness's sister with the large pistol ; witness ran and let
the persons at the door into the house. The prisoner then
proceeded up stairs, and she believes lie was pursued and
taken.

James Wright, porter to ao auctioneer, was employed at
a sale at the house where Mrs. Davis resided ; at a quarter
past seven, on Friday evening, the 28th, he rang the bell
to again enter the house, in company with another person,
who had bought some goods ; at that moment he heard
the report of a pistol, and Mrs. Davis came running up
the area steps, shrieking out that her sister had been
shot ; witness rushed down into the kitchen and found a
female lying by the side of the dresser, weltering in her
blood, with the large pistol, which he produced, lying near
her. Witness proceeded to the spot from whence the re-
port of fire-arms came, and saw the prisoner, who ran
further up stairs, and jumped out of a two-pair of stairs
window into the garden ; on witness proceeding into the
garden he saw a crowd of persons endeavouring to pull
the prisoner off the roof of a stable, upon which he had
climbed to escape pursuit ; he was captured, in a bleeding
state from the pistol wounds ; witness asked him if he
bail any more weapons ? when he shook his head, and ex-
" 011 my poor mother !" On searching pri-
soner, witness found some papers, and afterwards a third
pistol on the stairs ; all three pistols had been discharged ;
the police afterwards took charge of the prisoner.
Mr. Francis Hicks, surgeon, of St. George's Hospital,
described the nature of the wounds of Sarah Parry and
the prisoner, He found the phalanx of the index finger
on the left hand of Parry so much shattered as to cause
amputation higher up. A circular wound, about two and
a half inches in depth, had been inflicted on the left side
of the neck; the left hand was also much disfigured by
gunpowder. The face of Reynolds was much disfigured
and blackened by gunpowder. There were two ragged
wounds, one on the upper end of the rim ht eye, and the
other on the upper lip on the same side; in neither could
he discover any foreign body.
James Fisher, policeman, 93 T, took the prisoner into
custody, when he said that he was sorry he had not com-
pleted the job ; the prisoner also said that Le hoped the
wretch was dead.
In answer to questions put by Mr. GitEGORIE, the
father of the prisoner (not his father-in-law, as has been
misrepresented) stated that he was a cabinet-maker, re-
siding at hilington ; his 4011 bail been ill a considerable

tin% loth Lilly sa4 nontAlly AO fil/iiio6l MU *LA
generally attended the family visited his ton, but be was
not then present, as he (the father) had not been made
acquainted with the fact that this examination was to
have taken place until eleven o'clock that day.
The inspector bad written to the prisoner's father upon
the subject.
The father did not deny this, but declared it never
reached his hands until the hour he had mentioned.

After some further evidence, which was merely corro-
boratory of the above,
Mr. GKEGORIK, addressing the father of the prisoner,
said the interests of his son bad not suffered by the ab-
sence of the medical man to whom the father alluded as
having attended the prisoner, and could speak to his
mental infirmities, as he (Mr. Gregorie) must, with such
evidence, have sent the prisoner for trial. It would,
however, be necessary to give that gentleman notice to
attend upon the trial. Mr. Gregorie then inquired if
either the father or the prisoner wished to say any thing;
but they both declined.
All the witnesses were then bound over, and the pri-
soner was committed to Newgate for trial.
The young woman Parry solemnly denied the truth of
the letters found on Reynolds. She said that it was
impossible she could be guilty of the crimes he imputed
to her, whe❑ she had only been acquainted with him
three month.. It was a stain upon her character, and
she particularly urged the necessity of its immediate con-
trad►ction.

The medical gentlemen at the hospital have proved that
13at part of Reynolds's statement was unfounded.

MARLBOROUGH-STREET.

MARRIAGE Joys.—Jonathan Joyce, a journeyman
professor of the art of Lithopraphic printing, brought a
buxom young damsel, his wife, before Mr. Costawr, on
Saturday, for the purpose of having her held to bail, to
keep the peace with ell the King's subjects in general, and
himself in particular.
Mr. Joyce informed the Magistrate that the matrimonial
noose had completely strangled his hopes of domestic
happiness, end therefore he had thought fit to divorce
his betr-a- half from bed and board, and to ellow her
ten shillings out of Ws w_Aly earnirm for her sup-
port in a separate establishment. The complainant
gave a long account of matrimonial enormities perpe-
trated by his wife, the principal of which appeared
to be that she permitted his shirts to go unbuttoned
and his hose undarned, in order that she might indulge
her penchant for a dish of gossip with her neighbours.
Having occasion, a few days rso, to call at her father's
house, he encountered his wife, who opposed his progress
up stairs tooth and nail, and inflicted a scratch down tie
dexter side of his nose. "It is from no vindictive feeling
(added Mr. Joyce), that I bring forward these serious
charges against that woman, but it is because I go in fear
of my life. Oh ! your Worship, I hav'nt told you half,
nor a querter, of her baseness—l've come home at twelve
o'clock in the day and I've actually found the breakfast
things not washed up !"
Mr. CONANT intimated that his opinion did not quite
coincide with complainant's as to the grievances he ap-
peared to think so unpardonable.
" Well, but what will your Worship say," said Mr.
Joyce, "when I inform you that, though she well knew
that music was my only rational recreation after the
shop was shut up, she positively pawned my guitar !"
Mrs. Joyce—That was when you left me several days
without a farthing to support myself.
Mr. Joyce—And I have just discovered another piece
of monstrous baseness on her part. Last year she pre-
tended she had got the influenza, and I sent her to the
doctor's for advice. She came back and told me that Dr.
White had ordered her to go to Margate for a month, or
the consequences would be serious. I met the doctor the
other day, and asked him about it. He then told me that
be had never given such a recommendation ; therefore it is
plain this woman had a design of putting me to an expense
of eight or ten pounds.
Mr. CONANT—Perhaps your wife might have wished
for a little rational recreation, and took this mode of ob-
taining her fancy. I cannot, however, see any thing as
yet very censurable in her conduct.
Mr. Joyce—Then I'll charge her with a most serious
offence on this very spot. 1 charge her with having
refused to suckle the poor baby, and with having very
nearly put me to the expense of six shillings a week to
suckle it myself, only, very fortunately, the little innocent
died.

Mr. CONANT advised the parties to go out and try if
they could not settle their differences without hie interfe-
rence, hinting that he hadlan impression there were faults
on both sides.

Do you choose to hold this woman to bail or not? That
is the point, said Mr. Joyce in a rage.
gg No, I do not," replied Mr. CONANT.
"Then I know what to do," said Mr. Joyce, bouncing
out of the office.

What the intentions of the complainant were did not
transpire. The warrant was, however, dismissed.

1V OR S HIP-S TREE T.

On Saturday John Chistet, between forty and fifty
years of age, and Nary, his wife, who appeared to be
several years younger, were re-examined before Mr.
BROUGHTON, having been in custody since the beginning
of the week, charged with being " idle and disorderly per-
sons and common drunkards wilfully neglecting to provide
necessary food and clothing for their children, and leaving
them in a state of destitution and want, whereby their
health had been much impaired."
The prisoners bad been met with in the neighbourhood
of Bethnal-green, just turned out of a public-house where
they had been drinking, and followed by a crowd, hooting
and threatening them. The woman then bad an infant
in her arms in a moat wretched state ; and another of their
children, a little boy, was found upon some steps crying.
Teakle, a police constable, having learned where they
lived, went home with them, and found in their apart-
ment two other little boys nearly naked, and apparently in
a famishing condition, and surrounded by a mass of filth,
the only furniture in the room being a wretched bed, upon
which they were lying. The poor infant which the
mother had in her arms was found to be in such a wofully
neglected state that (as was stated to the Magistrate)
worms were actually crawling through its akin. It was
soon ascertained that the sole cause of their miserable
condition was the drunken and dissolute habits of the
parents, who made away with everything to procure drink.
The man was stated to be in expectation of a very large
fortune, and in the meantime he received a quarterly
allowance sufficient for the support of his family from an
aunt, who was said to be related to a noble fasnily. The
money, however, it appeared, was squandered away almost
as soon as received. He and his wife had some money
about them when they fell into the hands of the police,
and the landlady of a public-house produced a sovereign,
which the male defendant, when in liquor the day before,
had placed in her hands to take care of. The defendant,
however, assured the Magistrate that he had quite for-
gotten the circumstance.
Mr.BROUGHTON called the eldest boy into the witness-
box, and questioned him on the subject.
The poor boy, in answer to the Magistrate's ques-
tions, sometimes went out to sell a few things in the streets
to procure food for the family ; but his mother commonly
met him, and if he had got any money took it from him,
and went directly to the gin shop to spend it; and she
always wanted gin as soon as she got up in the morning.
Mr. BROUGHTON severely lectured ►he worthless parents,
and committed the man to the House of Correction for
three weeks. It was arranged that all the rest of the
family should be received into the workhouse.

DIE NEW WORK BY THE AUTHOR OF
BuLwEa's new work, " England and
the English," hitherto delayed by unavoidable circum-
stances, was published this day by Mr. BENTLEY, New
Burlington• street, and may be had of all respectable Book-
sellers throughout the United Kingdom. Agents for
Scotland, Messrs. BELL and BRADFUTE Edinburgh ; and
fur Ireland, Mr. JOHN CUMMING, Dublin.
e a9rtthiclein.sta,nith,ehqlctliotysedd,ecalanrdedthweasp6rice62s
Irecableisz.emd,
THE INDIGO TRADE. The East India
er ar
eb ei
withdrawm prove improvement
Ti nh
et the market
Company's quarterly sale of Indigoes, which commenced
ofol nfard
thisvt ehhs
ca
hb i
4s h 7 d
cahceostsnsidvel
1
offered 258 chests of Bengal, and the privileged trade
5,698 chests of Bengal, 168 of Madras, and 27 chests of
Kurpah. The attendance of buyers throughout the sale
was numerouP, and the foreign orders were very exten-
sive, but principally at limits below the prices realized at
the sale. AU the orders from Russia, in consequence of
this being the cr,e with regard to them, remained unexe-
cuted. The sale opened very briskly, at prices full 2s. to
2s. 6d. per lb. in Bengsle, and ls. 9J. to 2s. per lb. in
Madras, above lPst sale ; and on the third day of the sale
a further rise occurred. As the sale proceeded there wee
less competition until the last day, when prices again were
firm, and the result is that an average improvement in the
prices since last sale of 2a. Bd. per lb. is established. The
speculative demand was active throughout, and indepen-
dently of 400 chests bought in, one half of the quantity
sold was for srculation. Higher prices are expected,
and it is considered that the large failures of agency
assistancehou e in
re
India
e will deprive the planters of much of the
heretofore rendered to them to cultivate their
lands, and will tend to reduce the supplies for tome time
to cemc.
