SUPPLY OF WATER TO THE BOROUGH

OF SOUTHWARK.

A few days ago a requisition, signed by several
very respectable inhabitant householders of the Bo-
rough, was presented to the High Bailiff, requesting
him to call a public'meeting, for the purpose of taking
into consideration the present state of the supply of
water to that part of the metropolis, and also to re-
ceive a " report" or " reports" as to the best mode
of procuring a supply of pure and wholesome water.
In consequence of this requisition, the High Bailiff
called a public meeting, and fixed yesterday for its
assernliling at the Town-hall. One o'clock had been
named for taking the chair, but up to within a few
minutes of that hour the number of persons present
did not indicate that any great interest was felt on
the subject-by the great mass of the inhabitants; for,
out of a population said to exceed 200,000 souls,
there were not more than about .50 present at the
hour of meeting. In the course of about an hour
this number had increased to about 100 or 120.
Among the gentlemen who accompanied the High
Bailiff into the hall, were Sir Robert Wilson, one of
the members for the borough, and one of his sons.

The HIGH BAILIFF said that he had received seve-
ral letters and reports from various individuals on
the subject for which they had been called together,
and if it should be the wish of the meeting, he
would have them read seriatim. One of the reports
was from Mr. James Easton, civil engineer.
Mr. B. SHAW moved that Mr. Easton's report be
read ; and this motion having been seconded and
carried, the report was read. It proposed the
writer's plan for a supply of pure water, which
might, it was said, be easily obtained from the river
Wandle, in sufficient quantity to give a full supply
to 40,000 out of 52,000 houses of the Borough.
Taking the supply of each house at an average of
80 gallons per day, the quantity required for 40,000
houses would be 3,200,000 gallons, which was not
more than half what the Candle supplied in 24.
hours. The plan by which he proposed to make
this available was, by making a canal front the
Wandle to Nine Elms, a little above Vauxhall-
bridge. The whole expense 'of the sewers, drains,
bridges, and culverts necessary, he estimated at
2.3,858/. 2s. I id. _ _ _

Other proposals were then made, after which the
meeting-, which seemed to listen to the speakers with
great indifference, adjourned without coming to any
definite resolution.

The Bank of England branch bank .at this
place commenced business at their office iu Saltbouse-lane,
on !.4atnrtlay.—Hall Pocket.

2. That the bestowing or withholding of civil
immunities for religion's and conscience sake, is
at once an insult to God, and an injury to man.—
It is a confounding of things which essentially
differ, and an invasion of the divine prerogative.
" Consciences and souls were made to be the
Lord's alone !" Therefore, " render to Cxsar,
&c." Worthy of recollection is the spirit of the
Mosaic Institutions,—and the Roman Laws for
religion in the days of the New Testament.
3. That the object of cognizance by human
legislation, is action only—character and not con-
science.—Heaven has ordained " Thus far
shalt thou go and no farther." For the want of
recognizing this obvious and equitable distinc-
tion, persecution has been the common crime of
every dominant party; and, in the times of ig-
norance, " hypocrites and martyrs wee the order
of the day." Free as the light of day, should be
the mind—the conscience of man

4. That the distinction between liberty politi-
cal and religiothi, should be carefully and uni-
formly maintained.—By non-conformists, this is,
in general, most correctly observed ; and yet some
of them have been occasionally inconsistent with
their own principles, especially when they have
gone over to the ranks of the anti-Catholics.
Liberty of both kinds existed in this country,
under the Catholic Alfred : but of neither kind
under the Protestant Charles I. The mere cha-
racter of a state religion does neither secure
liberty nor entail slavery.
5. That the existence of Ecclesiastical esta-
blishments, is both anti-Christian and impolitic.
—Who does not know the Saviour's declaration,
"My kingdom is not of this world.' What an'
insult and mockery to our holy religion is the in-
terference, and especially the endowment of a se-
cular power, as if its own intrinsic worth would
not :secure abundant support ? Besides, what
jealousies of party, and sycophancy of the favour-
ed, are hereby produced ! Not to mention also,
what a fruitful source it is of infidelity and indif-
ference throughout the world'?
It appears, moreover, on reviewing the pro-
gress of this question :
6. That the frienda of Catholic or universal
emancipation, have almost uniformly acted Ott
the defensive.—They have had to rebut a variety
olcharges—childish talcs, and old wives' fables;"'
but why not allege against their opponents, the
very spirit and clime of persecution, evhich they
are fond of charging against others !
7.• That the leading characters of anti-Catholic
opponents and Authors have been beneficed and
interested clergymen.—ls it any marvel, then,
that the " hue and cry" should be excited ?
Especially when it is remembered, whose " liv-
ings " those once were, and that the same au-
thority which legalised the plunders of the " Re-
dbrmation," might, perchance, transfer to the ori-
ginal proprietors and donors. On this theme,
Independents can speak freely, as becomes Eng-
lishmen !

S. That the supposition of Scripture pro-
phecy, either of the New or Old Testament, cc.
ferring to Popery, as vulgarly called, is decidedly
and altogether without foundation.—lt would
not he difficult to prove that the " man of sin,"
" antichrist," and the "boast of the Revela-
tions, simply and exclusively regarded certain
characters in the contemporaneous history of the
apostles, and that their appropriation to the Ca-
tholic church originated in sheer prejudice, and
is consequently, now the ;here vulgar slang of-
religious bigots, and is deservedly branded
with slander in them that wilfully thus pervert
the language of Scripture. Let any reader pes
ruse the commentaries of Lightfoot, Nifsbeti,
Grotius, and Whitby, to be satisfied,
9. That the same diversity of moral disposi-
tion and political sentiment, may be found among
Catholics as well as Protestants.—Assuredly we'
are " men oflike passions ;" nor can there be a per-
fect uniformity of opinion on aly class of sub-
jects, with either party.
10. That the emancipation of the Whites and
Blacks, has usually associated the same class of
promoters and opponents.—There may, perhaps,
be some exceptions ; but generally speaking, the
interested abettors of selfishness and oppression,
and the disinterestedness of universal liberty and
justice, have produced the majorities and mino-
rities, on these two great questions.
11. That histories, British an Foreign, are
without an exception, tinged with the colourings
of party feelings and prejudice.—Hence, every
Englishman ought to read the Catholic, as well
as Protestant histories of his country. But is
there not, among Protestants in general, and the
anti-Catholic ones in particular, a very shameful
ignorance of Catholic writings? " Doth our
law judge any man before it hear him !"
12. That the Roman Catholics of this country
seem destined by Provideuce, for effectuating the
liberties of all religious parties. The public agi-
tation of this question has been rendered most
beneficial ; to them we are greatly indebted for
the repeal of the Corporation and Test Acts,
they are the staunch friends of universal rights ;
and they are well entitled to the grateful and
hearty co-operation of every non-conformist and
Englishman ; and finally, if you will allow
" thirteen to the dozen," let me say,

1.3. That the members of the endowed sect
in England and Ireland, have commonly been the
last in every benevolent exertion.---Look at our
Missionary, Education, Tract; and other So 7
cieties, and see them preceded by the Non-
cons. on every occasion of national philanthropy
and public good
Wherefore these things Let every Briton
and Christian reflect and decide .for himself
At present, adieu, and for every success to the
World. I am your's, faithfully,

Al IS EPENDFNT,

Hai rowrate, Pec. 27, 1828.
