EROZDAMATION- OF-BAtiON D'EROLES.

" Provincial Militia !---The Liberals, in order to support a
system whicWihcy interpret at their pleasure,. and which is cen-
sured by all the sovereigns of Europe,, and contrary to the Wishes
and interests di the nation, have flown to you as their last re-
souree.; As weak in leality as they, arepowerful in intrigue and,
plotting, they Yikve sought to corrupt • the purity of your senti-
noenti bY.false reasoning and deceitful hopes; and they would
lead you.,to: death' .in order to consolidate their. Usurpation.
What benefit .and •What happiness have they procured for you ?
'lf they have • reduced the tithes,. they have at the same time-
loaded...you: with imposts as insupportable as they were
hitherto unknown. They have ruined those classes of society
in whom you, found assistance and protectors, and they have
bitterly, persecuted die ministers of your religion. if they'be
so powerful as th y imagine, why do they tear you from the
bosoins of your fawilies ? If they have obtained the successes
of which they boast, where is the army which they now seek to
replace at the expense of your blood. ? If we are as weak as
they describe us to be, why do they not come and attack us
Why is there so much-irresolution in their plans? Why. do they
remain at the place where they first stopped in,Catalorna; with
out daring to leave the protection of their strong places ? Why.,
finally,, do . they have recourse to you, unless they find them,
_selves too weak to support themselves without your assistance.
" ProvinCial Become yourselves again, fly those flags
.defiled.by crime, cruelty, and demoralization. Come to us, we
will receive you as-brothers. We profess to defend the customs
and the manners of our'ancestors ; to establish the happiness
of the people, not on false theories, but. on the-knowledge of
our past dusters, which we would repair by healing the wounds
of the nation under a just. and paternal Government. In order
to give you an idea of our intentions, we will not molest those
who may desert, and desire to return to their homes to attend
to their domestic afiliirs. We offer rewards to those who shall
enrol tbemselVes in our ranks, and brit*: with firm their arms,
and their past military service will be,taken :into consideration.
On the other hand,,il you continue with the Liberals, and if
the points of our bayonets pierce you,.,,blame yourselves alone :
it will not be our fault.

" Provincial Militia-I
—Our device is 'GOD and tho King
compare this with Liberty or Death,' and you will perceive
which of the two is most worthy of the hearts of Gallegos and
brave Castilians: 'Which of you wishes to turn his arms against
his GOD and' his King ?' Not one. He who has been your
Jeader, and perhaps the companion of . many of 'you in the war
Of independence; loves to think so. He offers you his support
and, protection as a Meniber of. the Regency, and ss General in
Chief of the. Royal Armies.
" At the head-quarters 'at Ager, Oct. ]0,1822..
"BARON D'BROLES."

• LISBON, OCT. 9.—(DECREE.).
" Wishing to manifest in every possible manner the con-
formity in my sentiments with the general opinion of the
nation, and feeling it in consequence to be my
i duty to dis-
approve of the conduct of the Prince Royal n contraven
mg the decrees of the General Cortes, &c. I have given
orders, to suspend. all the demonstrations of joy with which it
Gas been customary to celebrate the .12th inst., the birth.:day of
the aforesaid Prince, until by his obedience to the laws and my
orders, he has rendered .himself worthy of my royal and pater
nal kindess. The Minister of . the Interior will give the ne
cessary• orders.

(Signed) " THE KING, JOHN VI."
OCT. 10.-The ship General Lecor is on the point of setting
sail for Monte Video, to carry an order for the Portuguese
troops to return to Europe. She only waits till a number of
copies of the Con§titution are printal. Ships are also going to
announce the King's acceptation"; ,the Venus to Madeira and,
the Azores; the Infant D. Sebastian to Pernambuco, Rid Ja-
neiro, and Cape Vent; and. the flerondelle to ;Marenhao and
Sierra Grande.

. TRIESTE, OCT. 15.—Letters from Salonica, up to the 9th
of September, have at length been received. , From these it
would appear, that the of lurs of the Greeks have suddehly
taken a favourable turn, and that the troops lately arrived in
Macedonia from Romelia have received a different destination,
and are. employed as an army of observation, near the Isle of
Cassandria, where the Greeks have', made partial
~disembarkat-
ions. These disembarkations are not considered as directed' to
any object of importance. They will however oblige 'the Turks'
to divide:their forces, and thereby' operate a dOersion of some
importance.
No intelligence has yet been 'received from Thessalonica of
the arrival of any troops from the Turkish army -of the Danube.
It' is merely stated, that before the end of September a corps
will arrive trom. Bulgaria. Greek vessels traverse the Gulf of
Salonica without any interruption. Neutral flags are allowed
to enter and depart, as the Greeks do not maintain a rigorous
blockade.. There is, however, a great stagnation in commerce,
so that no commercial speculation can be undertaken.

•
SPAIN.
MADRID, OCTOBER 18.
(BY ;AN EXTRAORDINARY COURIER.]
The political relations with certain European
Powers and the United States_are in the most fa-
vourable state possible.

-Don Juan Manuel.Fernandei) Military Gover-
nor .ad interim '
of the position of Tuy7 has ad--
dressed the following letter to General Quiroga,
Commander of Galicia (12th district) :
" Excellent Sir—l have the honour to inform you that, hav-
ing yesterdaydearned that Don Luis de Rego, General of the
Portuguese forces, and intrusted by his Government with the
command of the troops of the province of Entre Duero y Minho,
had just-irrtvild at. Valenza do Arinho, I thought it my duty to
pass the eveniorin.his quarter, in order to oiler him therespect
and friendship of your Excellency, as well as that 'of all the
General office's, soldiers, and citizens of Galicia ; but at the
very moment I was preparing to set out, General do Rego ar-
rived in persoit, accompanied by, Brigadier Pamplona, Gover-
nor of Valenza, his aide-de-camps, and a numerous corps of
officers. I was the more delighted by this visit of the. General,
as in making it he had only anticipated mine.
"We entered into a conference. The Portuguese General
manifested the strongest attachment to the constitutional-sys-
tem, which happily prevails in the two nations. He showed a
sincere and lively affection for the Spanish people. I was a
witness of the strong interest which he took in the felicity of our
country, convinced as he was that on the happines,s of Spain
depends that of Portugal. He expressed to me his great sor-
row at being'obliged to abandon the hope of folding in his arms
the celebrated General Quiroga, the Spaniard who had the
glory of being the first to draw his sword for the protection of
the liberties of his country, and for the eternal destruction of the
yoke under which the brave Spanish nation has groaned for so
many centuries, and who had thus opened the road. of glory to
the brave Portuguese army, whose patriotism, animated by his
example, had caused the cry of " Liberty" to resound through-
out the whole of Lusitania, raised at present to the dignity of a
• constitutional nation. _ •

" The General do Rego then informed me that the object of
his mission into the province of Entre Duero y Minho was
to pursue and -annihilate all the factious, who had taken refuge
in that frontier province, and who bad never ceased their ma-
chinations against their native country ; that he was, ordered to
punish without distinction the liortuguese authorities, Who, in
opposition to the eXpressed will and order of the Government,
had permitted some. criminals to reside in their respective juris-
dictions ; that he had received precise information upon that
point, and that he intended to keep a vigilant watch over the
authorities; in .short; that the troops of has division, to the num-
ber of 8,000. men, were ready, according-to the.-injunctions of his
GOiernmea, to unite theinselves to the Spaniards, to destroy
all the factious' bands which" shoidd -presentr or form them-
selves in theprovince commanded by your Excellency; that he

had left oraers in the Portuguese fortress of Valenza, thiii 9n '
the least hint froth the Spanish authorities of this province, the
trippi of the garrison were to pass the Minho ; that his entire
division would slo the same on the first intimation ; that he only
requested to be informed of it four betas beforehand ; and in
conclusion, that from this day he would station in the fortress
of Valenza a park of flying artillery, and a bridge suitable for
the-crossing of his whole division in case of need.
" I. cannot sufficiently express to you how much affection
and interest General ..do Rego manifested to our cause. His
generosity has gained for him a glorious title to the gratitude of
all-true Spaniards .• he sees perfectly well, that 'it is the liberty
of his own country that he has to defend in Spain. He with-
dreiv at half-past five in the evening. I accompanied him my-
self to the shores of the Minho, with the small number of offi-
cers who are quartered at'Tuy, and a sufficiently large number
of citizens, who, in honour of the Portuguese nation, our wor-
thy ally, of the brave General do Rego, of the officers of his
Staff' Major, and of all those who accompanied him, made the
air resound with numerous Vivats, to which the General and
his officers replied, with similar wishes in honour of our nation.,
of the delenderof its liberty, and of union and fraternity be-
tween the two nations—an indissoluble union which will make,
the country of heroes respected. The Portuguese then em-
barked, and the same acclamations were raised until their arrival
'on the Portuguese territory.
" The Political Chief of this province (Galicia) arrived in
the evening, and before he alighted I acquainted him with every
thing which had just occurred. He prepared to set out the
same evening for Valenza, as General do Rego was obliged to
go to,Viana (a port in the province of Entre Duero y Minho),
where his head-quarters are established: In point of fact, at
8 o'clock in the evening, our Political Chief embarked to pay a
complimentary visit to this worthy ally. I accompanied him,
as did also the officers Don Joseph Nunez, Don Joli Flo-
bez,- Don Manuel Peralta, and Don Joli Regal. The Poli-
tical Chief will torthnunicate to your. Excellency the reception
which he met with, and the conference which he had with Ge-
neral do RegO.
" Thus, excellent Sir, has the national libirtybeen cemented
in an indestructible manner. .Let, then, these who have been
misled, at length,undeceive themselves; let them put an end
to their parricidal machinations, and submit themselves quietly
to theyeforms which are imperiously required by .the situation
of our country, and the intelligence of the age ; let the oppres-
sor tremble at the sight of this-alliance Eternal honour to the
union of the twomationsl Glory to their defenders. •
(Signed) " JUAN MAN UEL FERNANDEZ.
" Tuy, 4th Oct. 1822."
MADRID, Oct. I.9.—General Morino" was residing by per-
mission at .a srnall village called El Moller; some leagues
from Madrid. • _ _ _ _ .

Con the 15th an officer of Artillery, at the head of a detach-
ment, went to seek him for the purpose of bringing him to
Madrid, by order of the superior authorities. The General had
gone out en horseback by permission. The officer waited for
him in vain 24 hours. Seeing that he did not come back, he
'rektrned to Madrid. This circumstance has given rise to the
beliefthat this General has fled, foreseeing that he would be
imprisoned like M. San Martin. It was the fiscal (Attorney-
General) in the process of the 7th of July. who demanded the
piesence of Geri. Morillo at Madrid. This news is the more
important, as this same fiscal had prepared in the public prison
some separate apartments.
It appears that there is organizing at Gibralmr a new regency
like that of Urtol. The Capuchin Velez, Bishop of Ceuta, is
the President in this new focus of counter revolution. Gene-
rals Grimarest and Laguna, who at first recognized the autho-
rity of this title, have not chosen to continue to obey it, but
have embarked for Marseilles. •

CORTES, -MONDAY, ;Om 21.
. Tile debate on the the report of the Special Committee on the
state of the colintry was resumed, and the,Cortes proceeded to
the xonsideration • of the following article t—
"4. Authority is given to the Goverment, whereby it may
freely reinov'eyrom One: province to 'another persons: enjoying
'any salary or`' pension froM the Treasury, although. they may
not actually-De in the exercise of any-duties; and the said per-
SOW shall not have, it in their power to prevent such removal
by any:_ineins, not by the resignation of their 'emelt'.
'meets."
• 'Senor Buey observed that the committee appeared to. have
gone beyond the wishes of government in the drawing up of
this 'article. The Governitent had in view the necessity of a
memorial, stating the grounds of the removal, being taken into
consideration; but the. Committee relieve thein from the neces-
sity, of even this form. The question was of great interest,
since it involved nothing 'less -than the repose' of families and
the personalliberty of citizens, which might be trampled on in
virtue of.theintrialuction by the Committee of the word freely,
which was in his opinion equivalent to despotically. With re-
Apect to the. last clause of the article, he considered it quite re-
pugnant to the constitution. If any person, paid by the state,
renounced his emoluments, he placed himself in the situation
of a priVate citizen, who could not be compelled to Change his
place ofabodei eitcept by a legal sentence.
Senor Romero, confining himself, in, the-first place, to what
Senor Huey had said respecting the last part of the article, ob.
.served. that, though a public 'officer who'•resigned, generally
spfaking,.thight he said to place himself. in the 'situation of a
private citizen, yet here the case was different ; for the Committee
had to consider *hat was to be done with persons who might
resign.and.renounCe their emolunients, in order to frustrate the
intentions of the Government. With regard to the word
" freely," he was of opinion that the power proposed to be
given to the Govermiient, was; in the present situation of the
country, indispensable. The Ministers must be responsible for
the exercise of the power which was given them.
SetIOE Arguelles observed, that the Deputies:who composed
the Committee must permit him to oppose this article, as ,one
not .conformable .to the desire by which the Cartes were
mated, which was solely, to invest the Government with that
authority which was -necessary for the well-being and prospe-
rity of the nation. The same principles applied to the agents
of the Government in a republic. and in a monarchy. While
in the exercise of his functions, the agent ought to support -the
Government; but if he think fit to oppose it, Then morality and
public convenience require him to renounce his office. He ad-
mitted that persons deriving salaries from the State might he
removed from one place to another but the Committee went
too far when they proposed to give the Government the right of
doing this, as they had worded -the article, freely. The last
speaker had argued that freely did not mean the same thing 'as '
despotically ; but when the law says a thing may, be done freely,'
the purport is the same as declaring that the act shall not be
subject to legal inquiry.or control. Surely this was opening a
door to arbitrary power. The. Constitution, .it was true, made
use Of the word 'I freely," to avoid the use of another which
would sound ill in -a code founded on liberal principles, _ Ac-
cording to the Constitution, the King could freely remove his
Ministers,, -because, without that power, there could be no Mo-
narchy. But though it was proper for the King to possess this
authority with respect to the sevenmen who were his Ministers,
it would be most improper to giVe to these seven men a similar
power over an immense number of other persons. Who would
assure him, if the law were maintained for a month, that the
Cortes would not hear a general clamour against it, not so much
from the persons against whom it might be enforced, but frotn
their families, relatives, and friends? As to the last clause of
the article, he regarded it as forming a real law of exception.
Senor Gallant) recognized the liberal character of the princi-
ples put for*ard by the Deputies who opposed this and some of
the preceding articles—principles which the Committee most
highly respected; but it has become necessary to resort to rigid
measures ; for it-was needless to pass lawswhich would be found
ineffectual: 'Unfortunately, many of those men who agitate the
provincew 'reedit money from the State. The renouncing of
emoluments ou.ght not, therefore, to prevent the Operation of the
law. By article 303 of the Constitution, it is provided, that in
certain cases thaforms prescribed,for the -arrest of delinquents
may be suspended for a time. This is the authority for the pre-
sent measure and he was persuaded that the Government
would enforce-it :only against those agents known to have en-
tered into machinations against the constitutional system.
After several other Deputies hid spoken, the debate was or.
dered to be closed, and 'the voting to be nominal. The final
question being put, the article was carried;- the votes in the
affirmative being 85 ; in the negative 53.

The fifth article was then proposed in the follbwing terms :
" 5. On any town or place being attacked by the enemies of
the Constitution, if the persons receiving salaries or pensions
from the Government do not present themselves for the purpose
of repelling and pursuing the factious, and of performing the
services which the Chiefs or Magistrates may assign to, them,
they shall be deprived of two-thirds of their emoluments."
This article was approved without any debate.
A discussion arose on the following :--
" '6. A town, which, being attacked by a number of factious
less than one-fourth of its. population, does not defend itself,
shall be obliged to maintain the military force which the Gene-
ral of the Army or Commandant of the district may destine for
its occupation."
Senor Arguelles considered this an article which would de-
serve 'approbation if it could be made effectual'. But how was
it to be ascertained whether a town was'or was not attacked by
a force less than.one-fouith of its population ? ' •
Senor Oliver observed, that the intention of the article was
to punish criminal neglect; but the circumstances under which
a-town had not.opposed the factious wouldhecOme a matter of
consideration for the Government. Though the article obliged
the town to maintain the troops sent into it,, it did not compel
the General to send any. -Whether any should be sent or not,
what the number quartered on the town should be, or for how
long p. time, were points which would depend on. ,t4e circum-
stances of the case.
After some further debate, in which the principle of the
article was approved, but the terms in which it was drawn up

objected to, it was referred back to the Coinmitee to be amend.
ed.—Adjourned.

1114nnrD, OcT. 25.—The Constitutional Ayuntamiento of
this city is now occupied in forming an armed force on the
plairdescribed by the 31st article of the ordinance of the na-
tional local militia.

Two companies of infantry, each containing 120 men, and
one company of cavalry, containing 60 men, ate to, be form-
ed. These companies are to be called-the Cazadores Consti-
tutionales, and no persons who do not possess the required
qualifications, and who have not received the special appro-
bation of the Ayuntamiento, will be admitted into' them.—
This force is to be placed under the command of the Political
Chief, according to the regulations prescribed by the above-
mentioned ordinance.

The following official notice has been published at Vigo
" The Charge d'Affaires from Spain to Portugal has written
to me as follows, under date of the 21st of September The
Portuguese GOvernment has appointed Field-Marshal Luis
de Rego to take the military command of the provinces of
Entre Duero y Minho, under the idea of forming in that
territory a division of the Portuguese' army, which may be
in readiness to furnish us assistance if the liberty of the
Peninsula should require it. The assurances which I have
received from this General, both personally and through means
of the Minister of Justice, Silva Carvallo, his patriotism,
valour, and affection for the Spanish nation, as well as many
other circumstances respecting him, induces me to hope, that
as soon as he shall take the command of that territory, he will
adopt such measures as will not only drive away the rebel re-
fugees and annihilate their hopes, but will strike terror into
those Portuguese authorities which have concealed and pro-
tected such criminals. I feel it my duty to forward this infor-
mation to your Excellency, and particularly as the said Gene-
ral has intimated to me that lie will have the greatest satisfac-
tion in entering into a correspondence with the Spanish Autho-
rities, and contributing, bv every means in his power, towards
the prosperity and tranquillity of biith States.'
" Immediately on receiving this information I .waited on
General Luis•do Rego, for the purpose of advising with him
on the best means of depriving the rebels of all shelter in this
kingdom ; when he made me the verbal offer of passing into
this province with 8,000 men, of cavalry and artillery, as soon
as he should learn from me that such a proceeding should be
necessary, in order to check the seditious, if they should pre-.
sume to disturb the public tranquillity, or attempt any thing in
opposition to our liberty. He afterwards ratified in a confiden-
tial letter addressed to me the same offers, and enclosed a copy
of the order which he has addressed to all the'civil authorities
of the frontier, desiring them to recognize no passport as legi-
timate which should not be signed or ,countersigned by me ;
and to this end papers Containing my signature have been for-
warded to the said authorities, in order that they mry be able
to recognize it, and they have been charged to arrest all Spa-
niards who presume to pass without that document.
" Worthy Constitutionalists ! Persist in your noble resolu-
tion of dying rather than falling into an ignominious slavery.
Weak and simple-minded men, listen not to the language of
your infamous seducers ; fly from them as from your most
mortal enemies, who would render you the participators of their
wretched situation; behold .the generous Portuguese nation
ready to assist us in exterminating them. And you, unnatural
sons of a country which should never have given. you birth—
behold the precipice to which the enormity of your crimes is
hurrying you ; your death is infallible=either on the scaffold
or on the swords of the illustrious citizens to whom the nation

has confided her defence. Abandon the path of crime, and
view the horrid abyss into which you are about to precipitate
yourselves, with the curse of the universe, upon your heads.:—
Listen to the lamentations of your mothers, your. wives,, and
your children, who, with tears in their eyes, implore you not to
abandon them to ie severest wretchedness—deprived even of
the consolation of being able to excite cornpassiou in sensitive,
breasts. Behold your innocent children, who, on attaining the
age of . reason, will heap curses on the authorS of their days,
who will have left them no other inheritance than the oppro-
brium and .execration deservedly bestowed on those,who have,
proved traitors to their country.' How' dreadful is the idea !
.Ah ! turn from your errors', and implbre the indulgence of your
country, as that of an affectionate mother who is afflicted by the
bad conduct of her unworthy Children, but Who holds open her
indulgent arms to those 'who, sincerely repentant, implore her
protection: • , ' "'RAMON LOSADA.
Vigo,Oct..l4, 1822. r _
NEWS FROM THE PROVINCES.

Letters from Ivica of the 28tH Sept. say, that the Governor
of the town went out of the citadel with 25 men of the regimen t
of the Enipeor Alexander, to whom some. hundreds of conspira-
tors attached themselves. While he went to the Municipality
to dissolve it, and arrest the members, its satellites shut the gates,
and proclaimed the absolute Government, and took away the
stone of the Constitution. The Liberals however contrived to
inform the sailors on the coast, who instantly armed themselves,
and marched on the town, causing the gates to be opened, and
they re-established order, which had been violated for nine
hours. A great number of persons had beegarrested, but the
Governor had been able to escape all the attpmins made to get
hold of him.
General Zarco del Valle, it is said, lias entered Sanguesa,
and has levied a contribution of 100,000 reals on the place, to
punish it as the depot of arms, and the market of the factious.
Among the arrests at Barcelona, that of the Minister of F -
reign Affairs of the pretended Regency is mentioned, who only
waited a favourable opportunity to go away and fulfil his new
office.
Eight hundred serviles who entered Alcagniz, in Ai ragon,
by surprise, were immediately driven out of it.
More than 2,009 factious entered Estella on the 16th, the few
hours they remained were marked, by the greatest excesses.
The magaaines and manufactories of cloth were pillaged, and
the machines destroyed, particularly those of M. Florente, a
relation of the author of the work on, the Spanish Inquisition,
and they imposed a contribution of 2,000 piastres.
These excesses, however, were trifling compared to those com-
mitted in the village of Dicastello, near Estella. „
Two hundred factious advanced on that village where Col.
Pelos was stationed with 150 men. Unable to defend himself in

the field; he barricaded himself in the Church, ,Sustained the
.attacks of the enemy, and obstinately refused to .capitulate ; but
the Church being set on fire,. and his troops wanting ammuni-
tion, he was about to decide the affair at the point of the bayo-
net, when he received another flag of truce ; a capitulation is
signed ; he layi down his arms, and surrenders himself and his
brave troops.. Their lives were solemnly promised them ; they
were conducted 'to the mountains, but when they arrived at
'those of Saldine, their infamous escort, violating the most sacred
of engagements, massacred them. Twenty of them having es-
caped death by miracle, though wounded, dragged themselves'
on to Pampeluna, where 10 of them arrived on the 15th.
The indignation which this horrible assassination caused among
the troops of the garrison cannot be described. Thesight of their
unhappy mutilated fellow...soldiers fired them with despair. The
consequences of theirrage could neither be calculated nor foreseen.
At length forming themselves into tlifferent groupes, they cried
out " death to the Serviles," and marched towards the citadel to
take possession of it, arid massacre, as a reprisal, 350 prisoners
of the Army of the Faith. They were stopped by the troops
of the citadel; who shared their indignation, but not their de-
sire of vengeance. The firmness of the Politicalthief, Don
Sanchez Salvado, saved the town. lie went wherever the dan-
ger was most menacing, and made the troops return to their
quarters, promising them solemnly that justice; should be done
on the prisoners ;• he dispatched a courier in :consequence to
Madrid. tin the 18th the gates. of the town were shut, as well
as all the, shops: and - stores. The cannon. of. the citadel was
pointed on tite city, . Every thing was calm, but the calm was
gloomy. It was `feared that it would not be possible' to prevent
i the troops making.reprisals.

BAYONNE, OCT. 22.
We have very recent news from the three provinces, which
state that EiPinosa has demanded all the disposable troops in
the country, and that they have immediately marched for
Navarre, leaving several important points withdut troops, such
as Tolosa, Virgasa, Bilboa, and the coast. The two battalions
of Seville, which were in the last-named port,.left it on the 17th
for Navarre, leaving the care of the city to the National Guard
and the company of miquelets lately formed, notwithstanding
the remonstrances" of the citizens, who desired to have at least
100 soldiers, because they are continually menaced by the
bands of marauders, who will doubtless become more numerous.
Fresh arrests have taken place at Bilboa and St. Sebastian ;
15 persons, chiefly ecclesiastics, and the Marquis de Valdes-
pina, have been. exiled..
The French, Refugees, Nantel, Delamothe, Dupuis, and De-
lon, are engaged in erecting a fort at Plencia, a little port four
leagues froth Bilboa; Heureaux, condemed to death bythe Tri-
bunal at Poitiers, has arrived at Bilboa by sea.
The accounts from .Navarre of the 19th say, that a column of
Royalists, from the port of Irati, which had been dispersed in
the actions of the 6th, 7th, and Bth, had rallied to the number
of 700 men. On the 14th •it entered Estella, the garrison of
which retired into the fort, and having levied a contribution of
30,000 francs, 10,000 ells of cloth, and 600 of linen for shirts,'
it went to the valley of Boronda. Zabala was again collecting
a force to resume offensive operations. Almost the whole gar.
rison of Pampeluna had left that place. Espinosa, with 2,500
men, seemed to be manceuvring on the side of Arragon, in or-
der, it is said, to support Zarco del Valle, and repress the
Royalists, if they should attempt to penetrate into Arragon,
after the impending attack meditated by Mina. Yet the troops
are much wanted in the three provinces and Navarre. We do
not understand these operations.: we only see that the Spanish
army is too weak to oppose the insurgents.
OCTOBER 24

Colonel (suer et, who commands the soldiers of the Faith in
Navarre, arrived here yesterday, to give an account of his ex-

• ~. nowt nt
petlitioni to Estill.% General O'Donnell is .on 117,1 rtake the
setting out, for Irati with two aides-de-camp ; he WjA".tiie thie
command of the troops of the Faith in Navarre an" '-
provinces of Biscay_. _...; of ti e
We learn'from Tolosa that Zabala, after the s.,"°n •ani•
16th, retired to the valley of La Baraada, and effected his I
tion with the troops of Guerguet. ',au c
The accounts from Saragossa of the 14th mention no c",
in the position of the two armies, as we have before stated ti7e,o,
towards
00Bpals!guEerc,mai
It seems, however. that the Royalists, doubtless becausse rho
were unable to hold out in the mountains, havonade a nl°. ~ t
of his tr
if people do justice to Mina, they also admire Baron LI -Pn ire
line, is busy in organizing a reserve of 8,000 men.
who, independently of the numerous forces that he has iltoisl'
The
whicp
activity whither
irscodidselpialyrallede
inhabsogthonaerrnv?.etcciev,a,
• ists have considerably reinforced themselves in ATIVOIL; •ci for
has obliged Zarco, del Valle and Mina to apply
.to Mauri,eq
gossa contains a very virulent article against.
succours ; the troops at this moment in this province are w,.,,
insufficient to combat the insurrection. The Gazette of .1'1:d,
which accuses it of being an agent of the enemies of liberal
stitutions. cl 0
It is false that Merino is in the province of Burgos, an
Quesada has returned to Navarre. 01
BAYONNE, OCT. 24.—Letters from Pampeluna sal . to
• an°
town •is the prey of complete anarchy. Several assassinA eil a
are mentioned, as well as resistance against authority, siZsceto
the arrest of the Political Chief by the mutineers. IL, ae
tent is occasioned in all the villages near Pampelunai,uif 0
Constitutionalists levying large Contributions, particular,„o,
the isr_,sl,
those on which opinion is opposed to the resent state oftw"
P —...10

.40
a.* For a Continuation of the Defence 'of Bishop Buit. 1
and the Bishop of lirnicuEsTra, see our Fourth ?lige.

PRICE •OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT ONE 0-CLOCK.
India Stock ..................
India Bonds ..................
S
SOEolxud.
DittotßAh
Bills
sn o
i.te..5.:,...
..k.
mall
Bank for Act. .........
India for Con. Acct. •'''
Cons. for Account .......

Bank Stock
3 per Cent. Red. 81
8211
1
3 per Cent. Cons.
31 per Cent....... 9...'
•
4 per Cent. { Old
New 10314
5 per Cents. 1797
Bank Long An. 20 13-16ths i
Imp. 3 per Cents....,

PRICE OF FOREIGN STOCKS IN LONDON, 14;(1%'.

Fren

AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Five per Cents. 93 50.
Six per Cents. 82.
Russian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 83
{
Ditto New 89. ;
Neapolitan
i Five per Cent. Bonds,. 81i•
Scrip, 83.
Austrian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 81
Five per Cent.. Bonds, 84.
Spanish New Ditto, 70.
Scrip, 44, premium.
Five per Cent. Bonds, 80:.
Prussian I Ditto New, 89i.
Danish Five per Cent. Bonds, 92.
Chili 834.
Old Bonds, 00. -
Colombian Six per Cent. Bonds, 82.
Ditto Scrip, 00.
Peruvian . New Loan, 86.

/ AMERICAN FUNDS. 1,00,.,t"
L Nov.OD 02:4: 5rpt.,.,,01 Pk'
X2l 10s. a ss. _ I°4
69i
96t 96
964.96

Bank Shares
3 per cents.
5 per cents. 1820

1821
6 per cents. 1812
1813
1814
1816

pookso''

7 per cents •

niva. frfg'•
July, "

111 •
• • I Divd. from
1. Oct. 1322.
• . Exchange 104 11 pm.
'"
pti
Og
HIGHMATERAT LONDON BRIDGE r";,1,0
Morning, 32 minutes after -4. 1 Evening, 55 nun'.
