LONDON SESSIONS.

• • s
'Yesterday theSe Sessions commenced 'before the
LORD MAYOR, REconnEn, Sheriffs ROTHWEEr;.
and PARKINS, Aldertnen Sir J. SnAw, Sir 1V:
DoNtviLiE, arid T. SMITH, Esq.
Amongst •the persons summoned to atend
and' serve on the Grand Jury was Mr. Smith, tin;
Memberof Parliament for Norwich. On his name
being called, Mr. Smith addressed the Court,
and stated that he was a Member of Parliament.
lie deSired to know whether that was not a legal. .
exemption from being called upon to serve the
office of Grand Juror ? lie stated, that he had
been a Member of Parliament for 30 years, anti
that during that time he had never known an in-
stance of a Member having beet' called upon to
serve ; neither had he himself, although he had
resided in the city during that time.
The Cowl.'r said, that the being a Member of
Parliament was no excuse whatever from serving
the office of Grand Juror. An exemption was,
indeed, sometimes granted as a special favour,. or
as a matter of courtesy, when there were enough
present to form the Jury—not without.
Mr. SMITH said, that the partner in the firm to
which he belonged had also been summoned to
serve in the present Grand Jury.
The CounT said, that it was a practice not N
claim the services of More than one gentleman
from a firm therefore the latter objection was.a
good one, and the attendance of Mr. Stttiith would
be excused by the Court..
MIDDLESEX. SESSIONS.---These Se-sSions_ corn.
mewed yesterday, before l''. CONST, EN.. and
full Bench of Magistrates at Ilicks's Hall, on.
Clerkenwell Green.--,--No,trial of public inters tt
took place.

- _
LONDON .1013BNALS.

[I ),.4 r I .1- E :VI li ,i CTS .1

FROM 1111 7,10 rApy.s.

PTO Post.]
E.F.VOLUTP.):;- PORTUGAL.
We nre.this day ciu.bled to.alve ome further
particulars of the Revolution in Portugal. As
we stated in our la:A.:the Re-colUtion originated
at OPorto, where the' t:6ops in garrison pro-
cialtned a Constitution similar to that of the:
Comes .of Spin, and required all the authorities,
citli, Military, and to swear obedience
'to it. The example ,Oporto w.t3 speedily fol-
lowed by COimina, and gene-
rallyby all the Nos them provinces—the troops.
every where declaxel theuiselt4in favour of the
Constitution ; and, as we anticipiNil, the revolu
tionary spirit rapidly,etended its:Of to Lisbo:i,
where a Provisional Government haireiready been
established, pretions to the colAroc:s.tion of a
Cortes similar to that 'of Spain. The-revolution
may thus be considered as already accomplished.'
It wilt: not indeed to be 'expected that
.theex-:
ample of Spain could be Jost upon Portugal, the
store especially as .it was found that the interests
of the Mother Country were sacrificed to those
of the Colonies, (where the King,. preferred
td reside), 'whilst the troops being left al-
snact destitute of the .means 'of existence, nei-
. th',:r pay nor clothing being provided for them,
became 'willing iostruments iu the hands of
thOse who promiSed an improvement of their
'wretched half-starved and naked condition,
frail:The projected change in the. Government of
the Stilte. In the midst of their wretchedness,
however, it is pleasing to find, that their loyalty
"has not forsaken them ; for while the Military-,
'Clergy, 'and Public Authorities, have consented
to Call a Cortes to form a Constitution, they have'
determined to preserve their-lawful' King, and
"protect the hereditary dynasty of Braganza. The
with of both Fortugal and Spain is evidently to
enjoy .something like the constitutional blessings
'of the people of Great Britain: Those reno,er us
•at ence the. envy and the admiration of the Eh&
verse—they Are the honest boast of every true
Briton, and will ever prove. the rallying point of
all good men., in opposition to the infamous wiles
of abase faction, who, to answer their own dia-
bolical' purposes, would spread anarchy through-
out ,the nation, deluge our stieets with blood,
confiscate all private property; and annihilate all
that is great and glarious,honourable and_ virtuous
in the land. We hate much to .say upon this
:subject,. and shall return to it. as soon as Our spice
wilt -permit.

[Morning Chronicle.]
PenTUGUESEII:EVOLUTIgN.-011: COIIIIIII3S o
this day furnish ample details of the occurrences
which accompanied the Portuguese Revolution
in'Oporto, froni which it appears that the whole
was conducted in the most peaceable mariner,
and on a plan previously concerted, with .ekten-
sive rarriifkitions;. Oporto, -which contains a po-
pulation of 1003000 souls, was chosen as the spot
most suitable for ,the first attempt, not only on
account of ihe.distance from' the capital and•the
ininaediate surveillance of the Regency, but also
the public. spirit Orlin; inhabitants, who;it will
he remembered, were the first to rise up against
the French. The day chosen was that of 'St.
Bartholomew, which is, kept in P2rtugal , with
great feasts and rejoicings. One of the imme-
'di'ate effeCts of thiS' change was, a great improve.
rnent in the Government paper, which in Oporto
had arisen from 27 to l discount. So great
was the cordidence already estebli-shed, that the
Provisional funta there •h ad been able to obtain
a "loan from 2 the Wine Company, which was ap-
plied to. pay the troops, and all the, British,
whose services were no' longer wanted, had their
arrears made up to them. The accounts from
Lisbon are not so circumstantial. as could. be
,wished," in consequence of the quick sailing of
the packet, which, we Understand, was dispatched
siiddenl ith a messenger toGovernment, of course
too early to bring us' the ultimate determination of
theßeg-ency, who, in allprobability, would embark
for-the BraezilS. WO are, therefore, still ifl the
dark a;slo the assurances of the French telegra-
dispatch, stating " that the change had
equally succeeded hi Lisbon, though with a small
effusion of blood:" On this subject iveThowever,
fe.el••perfectly. at ease, for the sentiment was-too
\eerier-al ,for any 'resifitance to he expected ; and
If -Ory , blood:ha§ ..been shed, it has net been
through any' opposition to the new ordsr of
thirOs or the collision of parties, but rather
• -1,;/
o*lng to some, partial instances of vengeance, aris-
ivg out of fate arbitrary' 'acts, more ' particularly
these which marked" the persecutions Of General
Preire Afid.thuse connected with him.

BPENOS AynEs.—By an arrival at Liverpool,
mefrantile lette'rs were yesterday received from
Buenos Ayres to the 19th of June, but they are
devoid of all political interest. Affairs are nearly
in the Same state as when our last accounts came
away, Mexia governing in the capital, and the
Provinces acting for themselves. These letters
afiY perfectly silent as to the melancholy event
stated to- hake befallen. Captain Spencer, of the.
wen Glendower. This'report had been brought
to' Rio Janeiro from .the itiver Plate by the
skipper of a launch, and'it was said to have oc-
cuired on the 9.ad of May. Letters subsequent-
ly received to the 31st of that month, and
now to the 10th of June, in no way alluding to
the circumstance, render it presumable, that the
Whole is founded in error.—(Did.)

[Nero Times.]
PORTUG Another Monarchy- is over-
thrown ! .The fatal love of change has pre-
vailed in another fair portion of Europe : and
Portugal has followed the_ perniCions example
held forth by Spain and Naples... The secret of
this lasfrevolution is explained in half a line of
:the recent intelligence. 64 Tin troops have been
paid their arrears due by the Royal .Gpvern-

talent." •A
few -thousand dollars 'skilfully ap-
plied, are easifysruetamorp`hosed into the voice,
of the nation. Let
.us apply this cepsideration
to the unconstitutional Address of the Leisester-
shire" Militia. What has this Address cost ?
Perhaps a mere trifle, comparatively speaking.
A dismissed militiaman working at hb.ivest is of-
fered a pint of beer. What is he to do for it ?
I Only to sign a loyal address to her Majesty the
Queen of England. How -can he hesitate ? He
signs, or sets his mark, or tells his neighbour to
sign for him; and then the preciouS document is
brought forth as expressing the sentiments of all
the Militia Regiments in faVOur of the. Queen.
A step more and )on have them pronou.s...ting
:against the King. And this at a moment when
Revolution is 'advancing, with
,rapid strides, in
every part of Europe.—" 0 for the warning
voice'" We have raised it for the fast four
years against that. monstrous system which was
promoted • and encouraged in France, especially
during thellinistry of Monsieur De Cazes, now
French AmbasSador in this Country.—This is

not a time for compliment, and the truth must
be spoken.' It must be listened to. It must
lie acted upon,, or else woe and adieu to the
Monarchy and Constitution of England ! It
will fall, as Spain and Naples and Portugal
have fallen, if it shuts its ••eyes willfully and
obstinately to the cause of the dangers by which
it is ,surrounqe'd.

[Morning Herald.] •
REVOLUTIONS.—It is impossible to view the
rapid succession of RevolutiOns which has re- -
cently taken place, without inferring that an ac-
tive pervading principle of political change agi—
tales the Continent, particularly in those coup
-
tries where the Catholic Religion is •dominant
or exohisive. With dogmas we have nothing
here to do, and view them only as giving a pecu-
liar cast :to Government. Spain was the bye-
word of Europe for political and religious ty-
ranny, -for' bodily -and mental slavery and de-
basement. Notwithstanding the glorious 're-
sistance to invasion, in ,which those great
stimulatxtS, fanaticism and -the chivalry of
passive obedience- had no small share, Spain,
was the last -itheatre on which the spec-'
taele of a great national regeneration was ex-
pected to present itself before the -eyes of ad-
miring Europe, Naples was a country yin which
Revolution was- equally unexpected ; the people
seemed grovelling contentedly, at least passively,
Under the same arbitrary and hoodwinking sys-
tem as*Spain. Yet here, the great acting prin-
ciple of change has stimulated the people to
vindicate their claim to a constitutional existence.
Portugal has also had a weak, bigotted, and
mind-debasing mode of GOvernment-not so
Much in the persons of the Council at Lisbon, as
pervading the frame .of society, and- here has
broken out a third Revolution—all within a space
of time to be measured by months.

[The Times.]
PORTUGAL.—We announced yesterday, and
we have this day to confirm the intelligence, that
a complete Revolution has take❑ place in Portu;
gal. This is the third Revolution (the fourth,
including that of France) of which, within the
last SO years, political liberty has beep the object ;
and yet of which—and it is a very striking cir-.
-cumstance—a standing army has been the imme-
diate agent. Now, asit is a subject which ought
not to be wantonly or indiscreetly played with,
we shall be as cautious as possible in whatever'
observations -,re may be hereafter called upon to
subjoin to such letters and other accounts, re,-
lating to the Portuguese• Revolution, which it
Will becOme our duty to lay before our country-
men.

THE QUEEN.—Mr. Whitbread's sisters, we
have learned, accompanied their brother to Aran-
denburgh House; yesterday se'nnight: and the
mention of, thiifact brings anotherto our notice.
We find that there is surreptitiously circulating
what is called a Protest against the late. Address
from -Mary-le-bone parish to the
,Queen, pre-
sented on the occasion when the above men-
tioned' Ladies, with others of equal. rank, at-
tended. -A Protest, or any other document, in
favour of a conspiracy, ought, no doubt, itself
to' be dart; sand secret. We have, however, ob-
tained. a copy of this Protest ; and, as it may
prohably,never otherwise see the light, we shall
give the public a specimen of its grammar : it.is
caned ".A Protest litsi»g for Signatures ;" and it
spealts:of the ".sex, the virtue of whom." But
why ..;annot.these protesters against the 'acts of
.others Cap a I-fleeting The proceedings in the
parish, in 'the case of the Address to the Queen,
were the most candid, open, and. liberal, that
ever took 'place. Why:did not those, if there
were any, who objected to such proceedings, at-
tend, and state their objections ?—(ibid.)

[British Press.]
-The Conspiracy that preceded the explosion
at Oporto•seems to have been as extensive as the
execution of the plan was prudent 'and decisive.
Not only did the whole military force at Oporto
concur in 'the measure, but no difficulty appears
to have been encountered, from any of the other
classes,in the city.: -The. civil and ecclesiastical
authorities readily concurred in 1.)%e project of the
military, and took the oath prescribed by the
more active partisans of the revolution. All the
troops —throughout the northern provinces in-
stantly, indeed it would seem almoSt simulta-
neously,. pursued the same measures, and' the
revolution was effected with as much facility and
willingneSs on the Part not only of the people,
but. of
,the MagistrateS at, Coimbra; Leiria, and
A brantes, as at Oporto. The intelligence of the
event was rapidly conveyed to. Lisbon, where it.
was received by the people with the wildest en-
thusiasm. The Regency hoped, to controul this
feeling by publishing the ProClamation which ap-
peared yesterday in this paper, but the people
ridiculed this feeble effort of their imbecile Go-
vernment, the PrOClaMation was•,either Covered
' with-mud or torn 'down, and the Addresses of
the Revolutionists to the
,MilitaryreverY where
distributed. • Betrayed by filo military, and des-
