NUMBER. -10,527.

'to THE WORTiIY. AND INDEPENDENT LIVERY UP

LONDON-.

GENTIAmtx,
TH E very flattering reception I have experience(
from you upon my canvass, demand. my warmest acknow-
ledgments, it has inspired me with a confident hope, that the die"
tinguithed Honour which I have solicited at your hands, will be
confused on me.
Permit iue most respectfully to request the favour of your at-
te,Aelee and support in the Guildhall on FUIDAY next, at twelve
o Clo 4 precia4. being the day which has been fixed for the nomi-
"titio and election of Representatives of the City of London in
Parliament.

I have the honour to remain, Gentlemen,
Committee Room, Your faithful Servant,
Loudon Tavern, Juue ti, 1526. WM. THOMPSON.

To THE
GENTLEMEN, CLERGY, AND FREEHOLDERS,
OF THE COUNTY OF NORTHUMBERLAND:Ginertastow,
IT being 'generally understood that Parliament will
be dissolved in a few days, I beg once more to tender you
!mug gratefed thanks for. the very flatteriNg-,UWarLin which
y:4l reeleived ins, on My' recentetzivase fur the high, honour of again
i
"Ining one of your Representatives in Parliament. The abort
Peliod I have held that distinguished situation, has I AM aware.,
ad's cue me little occasion of proving to the county how far lam a
tit rrlloll to be entrusted with the exercise of the important
!miss of that honourable. station. I Wye, imwevero had °PP"-
:446" of declaringyoupnblisly my political principles, and it
"Inning and gratifying, to ins to know that the principles
I bare hitherto maintalued, and shall continue to maintain,
Ore in perfect unison with those .of a gloat majority of the
C4,4.1y. 'Though I ant decidedly adverse, to granting further
Itl4l power to the Roman Catholics, I shall ever be au advo-
.44 iir; religious toleration in
.its utmost latitude. lam an enemy
1.0 slavery wherever and in whatever 'hap. it may exist, and my
InnOble endeavours Shall not be wanting to obtain its speedy anti
total abolition in all parts of the British dominions.
by your independent suffrages, I shall be again placed in the
mviiible situation to which it is my utmost ambition to aspire, I
'±eg' you to be assured I will zealously endeavour to perform its
Inties, and especially to watch over and protect the local interests
)f toy native county.
have the honour to retuaiO, with unfeigned gratitude and
"Pitt,
Gentlemen,
Your devoted and much obliged servant,
MATTHEW BELL.

Nolaiagion, May 29, 1826.

TO. THE. FREEHOLDERS OF :NORTHUMBERLA ND.

GINTLattaN,
4E PAIILIANIENT. is now upon the eve of
its DISSOLUTION, and I.sball immediately leave town
ad renuu among you:
It giro) me great satisfaction that in the short period which
idepaed since I left the County, I have had an opportunity of
rating to you my determination,- if I have again the honour of
hugLa .;Vturstml by you.to Parliament, to discharge my duty with
""I,► integrity and independence,
A hate pledged myself is the Ifouso of Commons, to bring
ofurethe neat Parliament the Subject a/ a Petition, which lies
too entrusted to uw, and I renew that- pledge to you, in the
xwietiou that my Constituent.) are never inditierent to what
Ppears to be Mr AttaCk upon the Liberty of the Subjvcr
one language $ epobtlanee is so familiar to all Coutiltites, and
to often employed by them to. promote, rather•than declare, their
tons, that I atoll content myself with !banking you most
!I(Vely cud warmly for the great encouragement which you have
'en ms to expect a complete tritiMPlr at the approaching Eke•
...n; and with an assnranee that I shall not abandon that hope
414. a tzrcellaider remains unpolled in the County.

.. . . .
I have the honour to he, Gentlemen,
Your grateful and devoted Servant,
THOMAS WENTWORTH BEAUMONT.
514, Saint Jau►ea'at-place, May SO, 1826.
_..._

0 THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT FREE BUR-
QERsEs OF THE TOWN AND COUNTY OF NEW-
k:ASTLE-UPON-TYNE:

Gitrrt.xwtutz, •
ex/iodation. of an early piss°lutimt of Parlia-
ment, I al:flounce:to you toy intention of soliciting the honour
1%0 suffrages for the fourth time.
am faithful to .tbn sonstitutional principled which first recant-
-1141.4 me to your favour, and if, in your judgment, I have beau
, diligent in the discharge of the duties confided to me, I have
100 long, experience of your kindness to apprehend your ap-
4thiitg decision.
'l'o be again distinguished by your independent choice---again
owe a vest in. the Legislature of the country to that portion of
► fellow subject"' whew glair"' to my esteem and gratitude nei-
Lime nor circumstance can ever abate, is the highest honour
"Hire to ; and if my past services, in very eventful times, are
,cluing of your.recollection, the continuum* of your confidence
the reentrd•l covet.
tl than proceed to by post as soon lta I am released from my
o
4deurAt here; and, in the mean time, with every sentiment of
Vett and attachment,

I remain,
Your much obliged and niost obedient,
. . CUTHBERT ELLISON.
70, VAII-Mull, London, 22d May, 1826.
----

q•ENV INVENTION.—The PATENT WIND
GUARD, an Pfectuo Cure • for Sinoky Chintnies. It
ty he applied with ease to.anv Chimney, and will do away en-
-42 Out neepesity of high dimities, and those Very unsightly
."Vineea at present in taw.
To he had at Mr. Peak's Maimfaetory, No. 128, St. John's-
'ett. Clerkeuwell, where Orders will be punctually attended to.
liberal allowance to the Trade.

,-._„.

•
[MPORTANT IMPROVENIHNT in PEN-
KNIVES.—The usual mannerof manufacturing Yen
life Blades has, long been a subect of complaint. The Oir
Made too steep and the angle Lao obtuse; the consequence is
kt the edit'e.ln cutting is sometimes unmanageable and driven
1,1 the quill nearly across. This incenvenience almost every
nutil in lflo haw of meting pens hisi freimently experienced.
,
"4"44141 this entirely, T. CLARK, of Exeter 'Change, has
reduced g Penknife Blade, manufactured entirely on a new
; tits !.itte of the edge being parallel with the side of
his& forms a c'ry acute angle ; thelinstrument, therefore,
(It in inexperienced hands, may be easily governed; no cut.
but what is intended can take, place, and. the Pen is formed
the greatest nicety and the utmost facility. The blade of
4' Penknife is beputiful in workmanship, and can be recont-
rnded with confidence, as superior to any article previous)
i y
`t(sittre4 into this branch of Cutlery., Also can he used with
tight or left hand.—The blades are made from relined silver

S YLDID SARSAPARILLA.
this lireparatiou ate concentrated all tho
l'operties of the Sarsaparilla Root, tVVII to
imi.",oNithritt)oll of the, 'Menstrinu with which it is pre-
.l sucti-Persons, therefore, who, from various *maser+,
experirnue great inconvenience, or with whom it would
brely impos.itite toieparc the Decoction, the Plaid
ItYßeti which passesses the advantages of portability, and
I,ne *Pi'ialf in any climate, will be ttiond a most desirable
imployiug this much-Osteettied Medicine.
'Disitist:ti iti . which it has utost beneficial
1t tluaL of the Shin such as Sicurbittic Affections, Er up-
" bi,rasca„ Secosniary Symptoms, &v. arising from H dot
14:41 State of the'Systent at large, Is taken in. Water,
l'Aling it of the same strength as.t be 'Decoction.
liv'a in Battle., at 41.01., 7s. thl„, ;aid trio. lry Butlers,
litter:4; Clicapside, corner of St. l'aid!s, London ; t, Sack:
"'reef, filmibl; an.l 7:1, Prince, street, F.,lititotr,;ll;
iY and Co, 130, New Botni•Oreet, and 2,10, Regent.
!**t and hi tfie principal Druggists throughout the United
"ngdota
CH I,'
may be had VW I'LEIt'S CITRATE!) KALI, it
iniielltil" far *lilting. 14111111 e Draughts, recommendcil by
aftssiun forits:7-go ience und terttaatf- la Battles,
k.
It, $d 45. 41'
'efid.
' ~ an os.
,wW Asll for "butler's FlOiti Ektitiot of SartaparillO."
