THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, MAY 22, 1839.

eqntroul, and they cry out against the Government 1 F. BUXTON repeated the observation of an African
plan of education, though their own is a mere t Chief, made more than a hundred years ago, and,
• costly abortion, because it is not to be placed in unfortunately, the observation still applies with the
their hands. Never was there greater pre- same force. " I find," said that Chief, " that the
sumption. Education, if it be worth a straw, great curse of our race has been the visit of
should enable the rising generation to perform Europeans ; that wherever Christianity goes,
their duties as men and citizens ; and though the there are the musket and the sword—
Priesthood cannot possibly teach thOse duties, they and that our greatest affliction is, that
will not allow the State teach them. They make the we ever saw the faces of the white men."
Church an obstacle to all improvement, and to the All the native inhabitants of the New World,
cultivation of all kindly feelings, and proclaim that could the question he put, would answer in one
it is in hostility to the best interests of mankind. The voice, and heap curses on the memory of him who
Ministerial plan, which tends to establish a better first published to Europe the fact of their existence.
system of education, in opposition to the Priest- In every part of that world the result has been nearly
hood, is deserving of the warmest public support. the same, and what from tyranny, cruel, and
But other measures, besides this of education— unrelentless bigotry, or the love of gain, the natives
which many of the starving people will condemn— have been harassed, oppressed, and finally expelled
and that of the Post-office, will be required. Some- or annihilated by those men who came to them
thing is wanted to convince the bulk of the peo- with the words of Christian peace in their mouth.
pie that the existing Legislature will do them To remove this stigma from the British name is
justice, and that is not necessary to begin a revolu- the great object of this Society. It is but in
tion in order to improve their condition. The its infancy, its objects are great, and many
abolition of the Corn-laws, could that be accom- are deterred from an attention to the sub-
plished—but we know it cannot—would have that ject by the apparent hopelessness of the vast
effect. To save themselves, and save the State, task ; but those who have commenced it
the landed aristocracy will not give up those iniqui- are men of the same humanity, and the
tous laws ; and what other measure, besides abolish- same perseverance, with those who, fifty years ago,
ing them, would tend to restore the confidence of the began a work apparently more hopeless, and never
lower classes in the legislation of the upper classes, ceased till negro slavery was extinguished in every
we are not prepared to say. In general the part of the British dominions. We direct the at-
people are easily appeased, and a measure which tention of our readers to the speeches made at
gave them some present relief, and excited hopes of Exeter Hall. In these they will find some account
still greater relief, would be of inestimable value. of the sufferings of the unhappy victims of Euro-
We know, however, of no such measure which pean cupidity and cruelty, and of the means by
could now be proposed with any prospect of success, which this benevolent Society proposes for carrying
and we can only expect it from the altered feelings its objects into effect.
and enlarged knowledge of the electors themselves

" To the Lady FLORA HASTINGS and her
family," said the Morning Post recently, " we owe
the expression of our regret that we are compelled
to recur to a subject, the renewed mention of which
must be painful to them."
Now, let us ask what it is that compels this ve-

Any one who has not a lively idea of what is
• meant by " Satan reproving Sin," may turn to the
Lady's Maid's Gazette of Monday, where he will
find a happy illustration of this striking adage.
The Morning Post, with an impudence of tone
which it would not be easy to match in this upper
world of ours, finds fault with those who are bringing
the QUEEN into disrespect. To bring her MAJXSTY
into disrespect is not in the power of faction, though
it babble with its thousand hireling tongues from
morning to night, and from day to day Her MA-
JESTY has placed her title to the respect of the
nation and of mankind, on a. basis which all the
efforts of malignity are unable to shake. By giving
so memorable a proof as she has done that she
knows, and is determined to maintain, the respect
which is due to herself, she has laid the first and
best claim to the respect of others. It cannot, how-
ever, be denied that attempts to lower the
Queen of ENGLAND in the opinion of the people,
though such attempts can never succeed, are made
every day ; but they proceed exclusively, we rejoice
to think, from the minions of the faction which has
been so signally baffled by the firmness and consti-
tutional bearing of her MAJESTY. The hired in-
struments of the foiled Premier have been directed
to lay aside for the present their pretended
loyalty, and to empty the foul cisterns of their
abuse upon their Sovereign. In this honorable
occupation—this truly chivalrous career, the PEEL-
prompted scribe of the Morning Post, far outstrips
all his hireling brethren. This worthy, who is
now so keenly alive to the least deviation from the
respect due to her MAJESTY, who never writes her
name without getting up from his stool and
making a profound reverence, had the grace,
a few days ago to represent the QUEEN
as spending her time in listening to tales
of obscenity, and then by way of varying the pic-
ture, held her up to the ridicule of his readers, un-
der the nursery nickname of " Little Bo Peep
Do not lectures on loyalty come with overwhelm-
ing authority from the Morning Post ?

hide of grossness and ribaldry, with such affected
reluctance, to inflict this pain upon Lady FLORA
HASTINGS and her family ? The Post begins by
acknowledging that it is about to wound the peace
of a whole family—a family, too, which in the in-
explicable drama of politics, it has been brought to
reverence over and above Royalty itself—and then,
with an air of consummate coolness, it proceeds to
inflict the wound just as if it were performing an
act of cruel but unavoidable justice. The Post

says it is compelled to do this, and we believe it.
The Post is the slave as well as the tool of the
faction by which it lives. Every now and then a

urking sentiment of grace breaks out that betrays
,he reluctance with which it prostitutes itself to
,he base uses to which it is condemned. The Post

is really to be pitied for the degrading offices it
is called upon to discharge, for it is rapidly
acquiring the odious distinction of being the
vendor of all those infamous calumnies that are dis-
claimed indignantly by the rest of the Tory organs.
Oh ! shade of DUDLEY BATES, how you must
shiver in the moonlight when you look down upon
the nocturnal doings of this your POST I
The article that follows this deprecatory, exor-
dium is a mere reprint of letters that have already
appeared in every journal in the country. It is
the story of the Bedchamber and the Physician,
without a single new fact to enliven it, or a solitary
excuse for the repetition of its tediousness. What
advantage to its party the Post proposes, we are
wholly at a loss to conceive; but it is quite certain j

that the renewal of the discussion can have no
other effect than to expose the wretched expedients
to which the Tories are driven in the attempt to
get up an outcry against the Administration. If

they had any serious charges that could be brought
against the Government, is ) it credible they
would waste so much precious rage upon such
trumpery matters. " Whenever you see a man
whistling and leaning over a bridge," says FRANK-
LIN, " depend upon it he has nothing more impor-
tant to occupy his attention."
People who respect the feelings of Lady FLORA
HASTINGS and her family, leave the " case "
where it is, because that Lady's honour has been
so abundantly vindicated, that any further reference
to the subject is only calculated to re-open anxieties
which have been completely set at rest. But Lady
FLORA HASTINGS is the victim of party. In the
extremity of their distress the Tories, having nothing
more effective to work upon, drag her Ladyship again
before the public, forgetting, in this blind fury, that
all the time they think they are assailing their political
antagonist, they are, in truth, committing an act
of great cruelty towards the Lady herself upon the
very tenderest point. Nobody in England at this
moment entertains any other opinion of Lady
FLORA HASTINGS than that her honour is as un-
tainted as the falling snow; but if the Tories go
on much longer with their officious defence of her,
people will begin to think that they at least enter-
tain some doubts on the subject. " You bluster
so much about your innocence," says the old Colo-
nel in the comedy, " that if you don't give over I
shall begin to supect.you are guilty."

We were glad to see by an advertisement in
our journal from the Radical Club, meeting at
Radley's Hotel, that all the middle classes are not
insensible to the trespass on the rights and liberties
of the people, involved in the proceedings against
the Chartists. The Radical Club very pro-
perly stigmatise the intemperate language used
by the Chartists, but also condemns the
recent arrests as " instances of persecution for
political opinion, and as tending to abridge the ac-
knowledged and inestimable right of the people,
to assemble for the declaration of theit opinions."
Unless some step of that kind had been
taken, and unless it be followed up by
some similar steps, we shall be driven
to the conclusion that the middle classes have
grown regardless of the public liberties, and are
ready to sacrifice them to their dread of the lower
classes. It cannot be that they seek power, not
liberty, and care not to see her stabbed to the heart,
if it be through the rights of the poor. The Radical
Club has done something to relieve the middle classes
from a heavy and painful suspicion. Its conduct
may also serve to indicate to the Chartists who
are their true friends. It properly condemns their
violent language, but it steps forward to protect
them. The Tories, on the contrary, both by their
own language and: example, particularly as to the
New Poor-law, have encouraged the Chartists
to use violent language ; but instead of protecting
them they only mmock at their proceedings, and urge
the Government and the Magistrates to persecute
and to prosecute them. If the Whigs, from duty,
being in office, are opposed to the Chartists, the
Tories are their \deadly and implacable enemies.

It is not a little remarkable that while the
Morning Post, the recipient of the offal scurrility
of the party, insists upon the dismissal of certain
Ladies about the QUEEN, by a reference to some
supposed interference of theirs in this affair. Sir
ROBERT PEEL explicitly declared that in his attack
upon the Household he did not contemplate their
removal—he named the Ladies whose presence he
objected to on political grounds, and distinctly as-
serted, that he never entertained the remotest in-
tention of interfering with the others. It appears,
therefore, that had Sir R. PEEL been in office,
he would have acted in this matter precisely as
the present Ministers have acted, and that the
clamour which the Post is trying to raise is con-
trary to the sense—certainly to the avowed senti-
ments—of Sir ROBERT PEEL. Suppose Sir It.
PEEL had succeeded in forming an Administra-
tion, and were now at the head of the Government,
would this article have appeared in the Post ?
Would the Post, with this declaration of Sir
ROBERT PEEL'S before it, have dared to renew
the subject ? Why, then, does it do so now ?
Because the sneaking, falsifying, and double-
faced faction are playing'a desperate game, which
compels some of their instruments to violate decency
and truth for the sake of keeping up an excite-
ment, while the heads of the party and its more
decent organs in the press, endeavour to pre-
serve a tone of respectability, taking advantage all
the time of the very baseness from which they
affect to stand aloof.

We have reo dived a copy of the citation of Mr.
APSLEY PELL ATT into the Spiritual Court, by
Messrs. HAWAS and VICAT, the Churchwardens
of Christ Cl, arch, Surrey, and also a copy
of„ the Protest. delivered into the Court,
against its jurisdiction and proceedings, by
the defendant. The latter document is of the
highest import ince both to the Church-
man and the Dissenter, and we regret that
we did not receiv, : it in time to make those obser-
vations upon it to —day which we should have done
had it reached us sooner, and which se must now
postpone till to-mgt.rrow.

By the arrival at Falmouth on Monday of the
Skylark packet., from South America, we have re-
ceived late a/.od interesting news from Mexico.
The Skylark sailed from Vera Cruz on the 27th
of March, T ampico on the 3d, and Havannah on
the 16th ul ,t., with 41,000 dollars on freight,
chiefly frov a Belize. On the 17th of March a
conductor, under a strong military escort, left
Mexico ft r Vera Cruz with three millions of
dollars, on . account of the British Government.
The treat, between France and Mexico had been
ratified b:? the Mexican Authorities, but on being
sent to A..dtrniral BAUDIN for confirmation he dis-
covered that alterations had been made in it, of
which he did not approve. The debt of 600,000
dollars claim ed by France was called a gift, and
other phrases were altered, so as to please the na-
tional Vanity of the Mexicans. Admiral BAtr-
DIN sent back the treaty to have the alterations
erased, and the original words re-inserted ; but it
was expected t ha t the influence of the British Re-
presentative woqild prevent any further misunder-
standing. The French are, therefore, still masters
of the Castle of ' :San Juan d'Ulloa.

Thus we have Sir ROBERT PEEL in the House
of Commons repudiating the notion of interfering
with these calumniated Ladies of the Bedchamber,
and the Morning Post at the same moment
clamouring for their dismissal. Both these doc-
trines cannot be entertained by the same party, and
their utterance in this way seems to imply a pal-
pable disagreement between Sir ROBERT and his
faithful paper. But no such thing. There is no
disagreement whatever between them. Sir ROBERT
is ready to disown the Post whenever it may suit
his purposes, for the Post is the most servile and
unprincipled of all his tools, and he can command
its gross slanders, and reap the fruits of them when
they are ripe, and be quite confident that it will
continue just the same as before. " Only let me
kick you before company," says the suburban
squire to his red-waistcoated butler, " and when
they are gone, we will drink a glass of October
together !"

Whit-Mond iry being a close holiday in Catholic
countries, onl: r one morning and three evening
papers were pu!)blished in Paris on that day. We
are consequen t ly without any official intelligence
from the Fre 17 ch capital. Tranquillity, however,
continued un'n iterrupted, and the impression was
becoming gel ie ral that the new Cabinet would be
able. to mai.nt :ain its ground till the end of the
Session.
The Ma

At the Second Annual Meeting of the " Abo-
rigines Protection Society " held yesterday, Mr.

d rid Papers received are of the 13th inst.

The Gazette of that day announces the appoint-
ment of M. DOMINGO ISMENEZ to the Ministry of
Finance, ad interim. No news of any moment was
received from the Provinces. The following are
extracts from the papers :
M. Francois Larnarque, member of the Convention of
the Council of Five Hundred, Extraordinary Commissary
to the Armies of the Republic, and Prefect under the
Empire, died at Montpont, on the 13th instant, at a very
advanced age.
It is probable that the Moniteur will publish to-morrow
the ordinance by which Lieutenant-General Tholose,
Governor of the, Polytechnic School, is dismissed from his
post, and we again announce it as positive, that General
Tholose has, in fact, already quitted the school. General
Doguereau, who fills his place till the arrival of Colonel
Valliant, is entrusted to make an inquiry into the events
that have occurred in the Polytechnic School. —Le Con.
stitutionnel.

THE MARKETS.-(TFIIS DAY

CORN EXCHANGE.
The fresh supply of English Whvat exceedngly small
but a good return of Foreign. The trade very dull
Fresh Oats in good supply, and but little demand for them
In other sorts of grain no alteration,
ARRIVALS.

Wheat.
English
Irish
Foreign

20 qrs.

Oats. Flour.
110 .acks
11,9 iU
brls.

CITY FISH MARKET.;

Supplies good, and trade lively ; prices much as before.
Turbot, ss. to 20s. ; Cod, is. to ss. ; Lobsters, 6d. to
3s. 6d.; Salmon, 10d. to Is. 6d. per lb.; Mackerel, sd.
to 10d. each; Soles, Bd. to 4s. per pair.

IRISH MARKETS.
DUBLIN MARKET NOTE for the %VEER ENDING MAY 17,

The Peers have been assembled as a Judicial Court
seven times since the Revolution of July—viz., for the
trialiof the ex- Ministers, in 1830; of the April rioters, in
1834; of Fieschi and his accomplices, in 1836; of Ali-
baud, in 1836; of Meunier, in 1837 ; of Laity, in 1836;
and that which it has now entered upon, in 1839.
Among the bodies of insurgents carried to the Morgue
four only have been recognized. The first is that of Jean
Toures, one of the April conspirators, who was con-
demned to twenty years' imprisonment, but was released
by the amnesty. The second was Jean Fournier, a slater,
who, in 1830, was the first to display the tri-coloured flag
on the towers of Notre Dame, and had been afterwards
invested with the Order of July. The other two are a
journeyman stove-maker and a man who was killed by a
sword or bayonet wound in front of the Ecole,Polytech-
nique. The insurgent Barbes, who was badly wounded in
the head, and was considered as one of the leaders of the
disturbances, died on Saturday.
Among other instances of innocent spectators of the in-
surrection on the 12th instant becoming sufferers by it, is
mentioned in the case of M. Helu, a porcelain painter of
eminence, who was dining with his wife and a family party
at a restaurant, in the Place du Chatelet, when the attack
on the Corps-de-Garde took place. He went out by him-
self to see what was the matter, received a ball in the
head, and died instantly.
BOURSE, PARIS, MONDAY, MAY 20.
HALF-PAST THREE.—Though the French Stocks have to.day
at one time been lower than at any time en Saturday, the closing
quotations differ but little. For the Account the Three per Cents.
opened at 81f. 40c., declined to $1 f. 25c., and closed at elf. 40c.,
being an improvement of sc. The Five per Cents, opened at 11 lf.
20c., declined to 111 f. 5c., and closed at 11 If. 10c., as on Saturday.
For Money the Three per Cents. are sc. lower, and the Five per
Cents. unaltered. The Bank of France Shares are sf. lower. The
Belgian Fives are unvaried. The Belgian Bank Shares have de-
clined 30f. The Coupons unaltered. The Belgian Three per Cents.
for the Account 72f. 70c. The Spanish opened and closed as on
Saturday, at 20c., after having been down to In. The Neapolitan
Bonds are 20 cents. lower. The variations in Railway Shares
have not been important. The St. Germain and the Versailles Right
Bank 21'. 50c. lower.

From To A ‘,..rage
963 Wheat, per barrel 20 stone ID 0 44 0 41 5
0 Bere l6 stone ...0 —u 0
468 Barley
275 Oats l4 stone. l5 0 17 0 16 3
o Flour, per cwt 8 ztJue — 0 0 0
0 Oatmeal --„.... 8 stone — ct 0 0
Sold to Bakers only.
16,281 Cwt. Flour 22 0 25 6 24 4
Average price of Wheat and Flour 65.. 4.1. per sack.
Receipts of Flour, 11,7431 Firsts from 225. Od. to 255. Od.
Seconds from I9s. Od. to 225. Od.
Sales of Do. 18," .Fnirds '''''
from 10s. Od. to 12s. Od.

PRICE OF BREAD.
Quartern Loaf 10,1. I Half Quartern sd,
CORK MA RKETS.—Mav 13
Wheat (per 205t.)29.8 Od. to 375. od. Oats (per 14st.) ...11s. 6d. to 16s. Id
Barley (per 165t.)15 0 22 6 (Flour (percwt )...16 0 24 0
Oatmeal (per cwt.) 12s. Od. to-16^. 6d.
Beef, 4d. to 7d.—Button, sd. to 6d.—Vial, 4d. to 6d.
Pork, 41d. to sd.—Fresh Butter, 10d. to Ild. per lb.
PRICE OF BUTTER.
To the Merchants. To the Country
995. 91s.
08 B9
88

Flret Highest Lewes Last
Price Price. Price. Price,
French 5 per Cents 1:1 ... 111 ... 110 90 ... I'l
4% per Cents lO6 23 ... 103 25 ... 106 25 ... 106 25
3 per Cents Bl 30 ... 81 35 ... 81 3,; ... 81 v.O
Bank of trance
Laffitte Bank I,ooof. Si).— 1075 ...1.75 ...1075
...1075
5,00 d. ch 526/ ...52(0 ...526e
...5:201
Belgian 5 per Cents IO2U ... 102% ... 102% ... i 0,4,
Bank B2O ... 820 . 787 50 ... 797 50
Coupons
S anish Ac.ive 2O ... 20 ... 19% ... 20
Passive 4% ... 4% . 4% ... 4
Neapolitan
101 70 ... 101 80 ... 101 70 ... 101 8/
Roman
RAILWAY SHARE.

First Quality
Second
Third

St. Germain
.. 691
Versailles, R. B 735 ... 737 LO ... 732 50 ... 732 50
L.8.:M0 ... 280 ~, 280
... „,,,,
Havre
... irts`g
Orleans .
Strasburg to Bale 3311 75 ... 3 ?V 75 ... 337 50 „, 007
-" 5.
Mulhausen to Thann
DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDAM, MAY 18,
Money. Bulls.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
Amon Syndic,4% per cent 95 951,E
Ditto, ditto, 356 per cent. BO SO
Commercial Company, 4,,, per cent lB2 1625 h
Ditto (1832 and 1833) 5 per cent.
Ditto 1837, 5 per cent.
Loan 1E37, 5 per cent.
Exchange on London, One month ll 971,i
Two months
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VteWNA, MAY 11
Five por Cents. Metalliques 107%
Fonr per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares 1531%
—Allgemeine Zeitung, May 17.

Fourth.

78

64 55
43
CLONMELL MA RKETS.—May 18
Per Cwt,
s. d. s. d.
New Butter 83 oto 90 0
Oatmeal 12 0 12 3
Rendered Lard 0 52 0

Fifth
Sixth

s. d. a. d.
Hides (raw) 0 to 24 0
Bacon Pigs 38 0 40 0
Heads 28 0 0
Bag.
Thirds 0 32 •
Fourths 22 0 0
3arrel.

Flour, Second 0 44 6'
-Household -- 0 42 0

Rapeseed
20 0 0
B ere t3 4 10 0

Barley 13 0 14 0
I CoaTa 0 0
,tone.

Per S
Wheat 1 8 1 10 I
Oats 0 8 0 9
KILKENNY
Wheat per barrel)2Bs. Od.to GSs. Od.
Barley 14 0 IG 0
Oats 8 B 9 0
Flour (per bag) V 5 0 44 0
Butter(percwt.) 90 0 92 0
Bacon Pigs 40 0 41 0
Coals 1 0 1 2

Tallow (rough) 4 0 4 6
Potatoes 0 3 U 4
MARKETS.

!Beef (per 113...,-- Os. Od. to O. sd.
Mutton 0 5 0 6
Pork 0 4 0 5
Veal 0 5 0 8
Fresh Butter
Salt Ditto
Potatoes (per st.) 0 2 0 3

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
LIVERPOOL COT TON MARKET, TUESDA T. —The Cotton
Market continues dull ; the sales to-day are 700 bags,
without change in prices.
The accounts received of the state of trade at Manches-
ter state that it is impossible to announce any actual revival
in the demand for manufactured goods generally, but it is
satisfactory to know, that in those branches in which the
stagnation has been most severely felt, the only safe and
certain curative process is in operation. Short time,
and a diminution of production, can alone restore the
equilibrium so violently shaken by the events of 1837.
" The drain upon the Saving Banks has passed its climax,
and the claims upon the poor-rates have not risen beyond the
ordinary and customary amount. So perfectly orderly are
our town population, that one of our most crowded and po-
verty-stricken districts did not furnish one single delinquent
to the watch of Saturday night last. These facts tend to
prove that on the whole the state of the labour market is
not so bad as the depression on some branches of trade
and manufacture might lead us to conclude ; and there is
no reason to despair for the general resources of the
country. The depression which we experience is not con-
fined to us, but is telt with equal severity in every market
to which the shock of 1537 extended."

The exportation of the precious metals from the port of
London for the week ensuing Saturday last, consisted, ac-
cording to the official returns, of 15,160 ounces of gold
bars, 3,344 ounces of gold coin, 99,419 ounces of silver
coin, and 37,477 ounces of silver bars, which latter were
all shipped for Calcutta; the gold bars were divided be-
tween Hamburg and Rotterdam.
Rio Janeiro papers, received to the 14th of March.
Exchange, 304 ; Stock, 79. It appears that the Stocks
have got up about 8 per cent.
The Batavier Dutch steamer has arrived, bringing the
papers of the 22d inst., with the Dutch prices of the
Funds :—Two-and•a-Half per Cents, 55 5-16 to 554 ;
Five per Cents, 102 9-16.

Arrivals this morning, a French mail, and ship-letters
From Rio Janeiro.

A mail has arrived from Vera Cruz by the Skylark,
sailed 27th of March, from Tampico 3d of April, and
Havannah 16th of April.
The effect of the Bank Directors raising their discounts
to 5 per cent., begins already to operate on the various
exchanges; yesterday they continued firm, and several of
them were done at higher rates.
We have received accounts from Buenos. Ayres three
days later than the last arrival to the 27th February.
On the 16th February some French launches entered
the port of Sarate, near St. Nicholas, and captured six
barks; but when they were about to return they were
attacked by a detachment of Militia, of the division of
Colonel Ramezez, and obliged to abandon their prize,
leaving swords and belts, which were ordered for Buenos
Ayres. It is not said if the French left any dead or
wounded. It is reported that some time since an officer
and marines of the French Navy in the river Parara, dis-
embarked on the borders of Entre Rios to kill some cattle,
but were attacked and made prisoners.
We aro informed that in the middle of last month the
Argentine schooner-of-war, St. Martin, and gun boat
Portentia, were attacked in the Arroio de la Artre, by a
numerous flotilla, belonging to the Arroio de la Artre ; the
flotilla were obliged to retire with great loss; more than 70
men, who disembarked, were surprised by the militia,
and forty of them were killed. The vessel, which a
North American conducted from Monte Video, was
in Tuya ; and Rosas presented the captain with a sword,
which the French left during their disembarkation at
Sarate, when they were obliged to abandon the Valandrus;
he also furnished him with twenty-five men, and he was
about to cruise as a corsair.

Exchange, 4 to 41.
The blockade of Buenos Ayres still continues, conse.
quently the account received some days since of its being
raised is not correct.
