SHEFFIELD CUTLERY.

Visiting the splendid showrooms of Messrs. Rodgers and
Sons in the early part of the present year, and observing the
many tasteful improvements then in progress and nearly com-
pleted, I anticipated it could hardly fail to be a place of great
attraction to persons of distinction who, during the summer
months, might have occasion to travel through Sheffield, and
I am happy to say that my anticipations have been realized
Interested in the good character of the staple manufacture o
the town, I have not been indifferent to the success of thi!
establisment. It commenced at a time when the reputation o
Sheffield cutlery had began to decline, and when the cutlers o.
London were sedulously endeavouring, by false representations
and unworthy contrivances, to rob us of all that remained to
us—of a good name. The large placards, " Beware of Shef-
field Cutlery," stuck in the windows of many who pretended t•
make knives, scissors, and razors in the metropolis, are neither
forgotten nor forgiven. But the quackery is at an end, and
Messrs. Rodgers and Sons have done much to dispel the
illusion. The beautiful specimens of fine workmanship,
in every department of cutlery manufacture, with which
these showrooms abound, may be referred to as a proof that
we have nothing to dread from metropolitan competition ;
nor yet, as far as exquisite workmanship is concerned, from
any other quarter. It must be gratifying to all who feel an
interest in the staple manufacture of the town that strangers
have thus been furnished with so elegant an emporium for the
congregated display of its happiest skill and most exquisite pro-
ductions. Amongst the numerous individuals who have re-
cently visited this establishment the following may be men-
tioned as some of the most distinguished :—The Right Hon.
the Earl of Breadalbane, and Holland, the Right Hon. the
Countess of Jersey, the Right Hon. Viscount and Viscountess
Melville, the Right Hon. the Viscount and Viscotintess Be-
resford, the Right Hon. Viscounts Lowther, Milton, and Lum-
ley ; the Right Hon. Lord Wharncliffe, the Right Hon.
Lord and Lady Ravensworth, the Right Hon. Lord and
Lady Howard of Effingham, the Right Hon. Lord Bingham,
the Right Rev. the Bishop of Kilmore, Count Hungaday,
Count Thun and family, Sir Edward Dodsworth, Bart., Sir
William Cooke, Bart., LadyMilner, Lady Helena Cooke,
and P. D. Cooke, Esq.—Every one of the above individuals
appeared gratified by the variety and perfection of the articles
exposed in this interesting repository. Most of them particu.
larly noticed what may be regarded as a striking curiosity,
namely twelve pair of scissors, perfectly and beautifully made
which together do not weigh half a grain. The last great
achievement in this way was one grain for twelve pairs
From a Correspondent.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT-(THIS DAY

(Before the CHIEF COMMISSIONER.)
Benjamin Maher was brought before the Court upon his
petition to be discharged. The insolvent was not opposed.
From the examination of the insolvent by the Chief Corn-
missioner, it appeared that he was the gardener to the Hon.
Society of Lincoln's Inn, at a salary of 601. a year. His
chief creditors were his, butcher and shoemaker, to the former
of which he was indebted in no less a sum than 791., and to
the latter he owed 271. 10s.

The CHIEF COMMISSIONER inquired if the latter debt had
not been created in consequence of the insolvent having to
trudge so often up and down the garden-walks of Lincoln's
Inn ?—( Laughter.) The insolvent said he supposed it was so.
The CHIEF COMMISSIONER.--Now you have stated in your
schedule, insolvent, that you have a good debt due to you of
4001. and upwards ? Insolvent—Yes.
The CHIEF COMMISSIONER.—But of that debt you have
never received a shilling? Insolvent.—No.
The CHIEF COMMISSIONER.—What was it for? Insolvent—
For managing the garden and park of Sir Gilbert East.
The CHIEF COMMISSIONER...—IS it not a rather singular
thing, if the debt was a good one, that you should not have
been paid before this ? Insolvent—Sir Gilbert East is dead,
and my solicitor has applied to his executors, Mr. Gridle-
stone and Mr. Twyford, for the money, but he tells me he
cannot get it.
The CHIEF COMMISSIONER.—Have you not brought any ac-
tion for the recovery of the amount ? Insolvent.—My solicitor
brought an action, but what the result of it was I don't know.
The CHIEF COMMISSIONER.—I suppose the Nobleman who
you say was indebted to you 400/. and odd, died worth pro-
perty ? Insolvent.—Yes, I should think 500,000/.
The CHIEF COMMISSIONER.—WeII, it's very odd, if it's a
just debt, it has not been paid.

- The insolvent, in answer to further questions from the
Chief Commissioner, stated, that he had a family of six chil-
dren, and attributed his insolvency to the nonocayment of
the large debt of 4001. The insolvent's debts amounted to
210/., and among the debtors in his schedule was the Master
of the Rolls for 71. for managing the garden attached to the
Court-house in Chancery-lane.

The CHIEF COMMISSIONER ordered the insolvent to be dis-
charged, and appointed Mr. Sylvester, the butcher, his
assignee.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.

(FROM LLOYD'S.)
DEAL, SEPT. 15.—Wind S. E.—Arrived from the river
and sailed, the Brothers, Park, for Madeira; arrived for the
river and remains, the Waterloo, Cow, from Bombay, with the
American brig Concordia, for St. Übes.
PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 15.—Wind E. S. E. to S. E.
PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 14.—Wind E.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 14.—Wind E., fresh breezes.
GRAVESEND, SEPT. 15.—Arrived the Setts, Cricknary,
from the Cape of Good Hope.
STANGATE CREEK, SEPT. 14. Arrived the Elise, Kor-
stin, from Dantzic.

DOVER, SEPT. 15.—Arrived the Urania, Dethleffsen, from
St. Thomas's.

NEWHAVEN, SEPT., 14.—Arrived the San Johannes, Ricke,
from Memel.

PENZANCE, SEPT. 14.—Arrived off the Robert Quai
Blenstaff, from Ceylon. . . _

BRISTOL, SEPT.' 18.—Arrived the Janet, Laidby, from
Miramichi.

LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 14.—Arrived the James, Perry, from
Santa Martha; and Eccles, Wittie, from Archangel. Off
port the Harrison, from Pernambuco ; Manchester, from
Bahia ; Amelia, from Aricati ; and Barbadian, from Bar-
badoes.

CRONSTRADT, AUG. 30.—A brig is on shore on the Appdon
Sands, near Daggeroot.
SEPT. I.—The Russian schooner Robert, Murg, was aban-
doned by the crew off Odensholm; being in a sinking state.
ELSINORE, SEPT. 9.—Havannah has been declared to be an
infected port. All vessels from thence will be ordered to a
quarantine station to discharge.

The Adventure, Donaldson, is on shore on the North end
of Hogland, and sunk.

THE MARKETS--(THIS DAY.)

HAY MARKETS.—t At per —Load of 36 Trusses .
C
Coarse heavy Lowland MeadowU MBERLAND.
New Meadow Hay Hay £3 15 to ~£.l 0
Useful Old Ditto
Fine Upland Meadow and Ry •• 00000 OO OO ..• 415 sit
e grass Hay
Clover Hay
4 0 5 10
Oat Straw
-- -

- -- - SMI IHFIELD
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay £5 15 to £4 0
New Meadow Hay
4 5 4 15
Useful Old Ditto
4 10 5 0
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay
Clover Hay .extra fine a5lO . Generally -, ..... 410 5 5
Oat Straw ... t 1 14 01;1 161 Wheat Straw ll6 118
____

11UNGERFORD.

Coarse Meadow Hay £3 10 to £3 )5
New Meadow Hay 4 0 4 10
Useful Old Ditto
15
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye grass Hay
Clover Hay 3 15 5 10
Oat Straw .E 1 12 to £ 1 14 1 Wheat Straw

COLONIAL MARKETS.—(THIS DAY.)
Among those interested in the West India trade, some anxiety is
felt respecting further news from Jamaica. By many of the mer-
chants it is thought by the absence of intelligence from the island,
subsequent to the Ist of August, that that day passed over with no
manifestation of insubordination among the negroes, for if any
disturbance had occurred, it is believed that the Governor would
not have neglected forwarding a special despatch to England : the
regular packet, however, has not been appointed to sail till about
the 10th or 14th of last month. Intelligence is expected from the
north side of the island daily. A further rise has taken place in
the prices of West India sugar, of about 6d. per cwt. Fine
Jamaicas are quoted at from 595. to 62s ; middling to fine Bar-
badoes, 565. to 625. ; and good brown Trinidads, at from 50s. 6d.
to 61s. per cwt.

COFAE.-The market for Coffees is brisk, and an improvement
has been experienced of from ss. to 6s. per cwt. above those of
this day week. There is rather a demand for the article on specu-
lation. Good and fine middling Jamaica are at 102 s. 6d. to 1165.,
and good and fine ordinary 645. 6d. to 895., fine Demerara 745. 6d.
to 82s. per cwt. There is a continued demand for East India
Coffees. The deliveries of British Plantation. Sugars and Coffees
were on an extensive scale last week.

RUM.—Lase week the deliveries of Rum were about 500 pun-
cheons, and of which 800 puncheons were for home use. There is
still a continuance of arrivals from the Colonies, and the Stock in
the West India Docks is now about 16,500 puncheons and 1,300
hhds. For Proof Lewards 2s. per gallon is demanded.
COCOA. There is a demand for British Plantation Cocoa.
Grenada has risen 2s. per cwt., ord. to good and red realizing from
425. 6d. to 475. per cwt.
TEA.—The Teas, on account of private trade, have gone off
briskly. The averages of prices of the present sale will be made
out in a few days. Arrivals under the new system of free trade are
every day looked for.
Hors.—To-day the Market for the new crop of Hops has
opened, but no price can yet be named. The duty is at from
165,000/. to 170,000/. The arrivals that have come to Market of
the new crop have been large.
TALLow.—Of Tallow there is a pretty good quantity come
to Market. Last week the delivery was 1,828' casks, and the
stock, 13,059 casks, the latter being about 9,000 casks less in than
at this time last year.
COTTON.—The quotations of Cotton are heavy, and remain the
same as last week.

EARL GREY'S ARRIVAL AT DALICEITH.—We
understand that Earl Grey is expected to reach Dalkeith on
Monday morning next, precisely at ten o'clock, and that the
inhabitants and public bodies are to accompany his Lordsk;:i;
in procession from the southern entrance 41 +l'Q town to the
church, where the address 15 to be presented to him. The
Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Portobello have
unanimously voted an address to Earl Grey, congratulating
the Noble Earl on his arrival in Slcntland under the present
interesting circumstances, and expressive of their approbation
of the measures the Government of which he was the able
Aiet, and of their gratitude to his Lordship for his exertions
in obtaining for the community which they represent a share
in the elective franchise. Several of the noblemen and gentle-
men who are to be present at the dinner to Earl Gr':.; nave
already arrived in town, Lord Du.rlciani 7,
night. —Edinburgh Chronicle. •
t :rs expected last

WHITBY AD ADDRESS TO THE EARL OF

MULGRAVE.

A very numerously attended Meeting publicly conveneo
the Magistrates in pursuance of a Requisition signed by ninety-
seven of the principal Gentlemen and Tradesmen of
was held in the Town-hall of that Borough, for the purpose
of taking into consideration the propriety of presenting an Ad-
f dress to the Earl of Mulgrave.
ts
ROBERT CAMPION, Esq. being called to the Chair, e
f Whitby,
x.
f plained the object of the Meeting in an appropriate manner.
Resolutions were then moved and seconded by Richard 3for-
som, John Frankland, Christopher Richardson, and Francl
Watkins, Eseirs., Messrs. Tinpey, Anderson, and Morley, gr?
an Address founded on them proposed, which were all carried
unanimously.
Immediately after the conclusion of the Meeting, a Parker,DeP
11-
tation consisting of the Revds. John Dufton, and W.
Joseph B. Richardson, and George Merryweather, Estlrs•'
waited on the Earl of Mulgrave in conformity with the lle,sed:
lutions, to arrange the time and place for receiving the As
dress. Last Friday was the day appointed for the Addre
ion,
which was presented to his Lordship by Robert Campo*.
Esq. the Chairman of the previous Meeting, who accomp,.
The 101..
nied the presentation with an appropriate speech.
dress was then read publicly to the people by Richard Moor.
som, Esq., who, on concluding, spoke at some length, an4_
with great animation, on the several topics it embraced; P
ticularly noticing the Earl of Mulgrave 's admirable conductuil!
Jamaica, and his accession to the present liberal, patriotic, ford
enlightened Administration. The Noble Earl then came ,_
ward, and was received with the most enthusiastic cheers;
said let
" First and foremost, before I treat on any other subject,
me assure you that you could not possibly overrate the sincere
interest I shall always feel in all that can advance the prosper
rity of the borough of Whitby—and in using that term,l t,1.1
borough of Whitby, I am reminded of a circumstance la."
cannot avoid pausing a moment to recall to you, that, since
s
last addressed you in the Town-hall, the collateral, but to oil
gratifying result of the triumph of the popular cause hits hefs..
that Whitby possesses now a direct share in the national councils.
(Cheers.) I then prophesied to you that, whatever delay n to:
pediments might interpose, ultimate success must crow at'
„art of
energetic demand for their just rights on the r—turn
the people.—( Loud and continued cheering.) To re"era
to the interest I was expressing in all that inighl °I my
Whitby—circumstances may, early in life, have cay.se
earn
frequent absence from the place of my birth; and of late y
utb-
the public service has called me to remote region, but
ful associations and local situation generated such an inch
.s
luble connexion between us, that my own interests must alw
be bound up with y our.
There is one portion of your address which alludes tote
subject on which I own it always gives me unmixed piessuriet is
speak—l mean negro emancipation--and when I say
not from any exaggerated estimate of my own services 1° far
,„,
nection with it, of which services you have mad. Ts the
vourable mention. The most I can lay claim t° gad
credit of zeal and activity in the execution of my dutie hewn,
these I should hare been ashamed of myself—had I not shera
for I had an additional incentive to exertion beyond moat
ae,,e4
fellow-labourers in the same cause--I saw myself what moat
than
was—l therefore am disposed togive much more credit/ disi.
I would presume to assume to myself, to those virtuous n's_iws
duals who in this, as in most other towns in
bined to efface the stain of slavery from the British lowflW
(Cheers)--incited to do so merely by reports from afar
inevitable evils—those meritorious persons—whose ericakel
distance could not deaden—whose zeal taunts did not vi-rests
—whose disinterested course no regard for their own
either diverted or retarded—till they have at length en;
the glorious object.—( Much cheering.) Of course Onset ,s
moment of some anxiety as to the complete stlee,,efwerld
England,
gigantic experiment, unparalleled in the annals of ti-vet, I
—but knowing the intense interest you take in the Pt Jencorts
am happy to be able to state that all the most recent rd with
which I have hitherto received from persons connieetiateelywbpirechs
that most important of our colonies, over which
sided, incline me to believe that the explanation to
previous to my departure I made to the negr°e,' have'
their future condition, has not been forgotten—that treason
to
since acted in the same spirit, and that there is every rea Dreg-
hope that generally the change will soon be, what ra '„
nosticate, equally beneficial to the master and the ls. e
(Great applaus e.
" You have been pleased to express the satisfaction that gtz_
have derived from my accession to the Administmtion:r
ing
to
mense cheering.) This honor has been peculiayly grat"Ywho,
me as a mark of the confidence of that gracious Sovereign, , his
in the short period he has been on the throne, has rend°,
reign glorious by more having been done to advance and cons'l,„
the liberties of the people, than had ever been attemPtealost
century and a half previous ; and in thus recurring t° ke a
has been effected in that period, before I proceed tom,.ar the
few observations on the political results you anticipate itobt of
future—( Hear, hear)—we must not forget the eternal nestes.
gratitude which the country must ever owe to that tried ss___'
man—to that veteran patriot--Earl Grey—( Cheersart,
Minister who proposed and carried that modern Magna
—the Reform Bill.—( Cheers.) Imy self have always eon r,
dered the Reform Bill as a means to an end.—( Great ebee
ing.) I once before stated, with reference to the abolitiorlo°
slavery, that I considered negro emancipation as the glortie
first-born of reform.--( Continued cheers.) I would ashent
on the one side that Parliamentary Reform should be aer
creation, destined to bear no kindred seed, as that on the :uds
it should be the licentious and promiscuous propagator 47). ss-t of
less innovation. I rather look to it as the legitimate pare we
general and successive reforms, to which the spirit of the
the
shall stand sponsor.—(Great applause.) But amongs.trost
difficulties of various descriptions which the Government the
encounter, you are aware that in invoking the spirit weer&
age we at once provoke the opposition of a Pell not
party of great personal respectability, who, thou* io
very numerous, are to be found in different preportotheas.
almost every part of the country, arrogating the poet,
selves the title of Conservatives. We are asked by that
" what's in a name ?" lam inclined to think sometime: dig-
there is much in a name, and therefore I am betterdispoied
pute this title with the self-styled Conservatives, os.
known in the country by the, to them, somewhat Conservatives,,
nient, alias of Tories.--( Cheers.) What is meant bysturiti
servative ? If that it means the maintenance of the
is
Such
of property and the influence of intelligence against ts such
saults of lawless violence—if it means the support they
settled institutions as are duly apportioned to the enus„ the
have in view--then am I, too, a Conservative. If,
contrary, it means the indiscriminating and therefore '4OO
less support of all that is against much that ought to be, mere
do I know no course, under actual circumstances,titie of
calculated to produce that very confusion which thet ;ship)
Conservative seems to profess to avert.—( Loud eue.-sieutly
You will see how impossible it would be for me, e011.5.1°' 100
with my sense of duty, to say more than that no Pal;arinBl
sure, will be spared to investigate thoroughly all the xs ses•
of every public question between this time and the 11,,ne wsiBer
sion of Parliament.—( Cheers.) Those which we,rinsince
in themselves mischievous, no consideration wonhat 11:
us to advocate ; on the other hand, I truss nt001:
should never require to be urged to do ourwhich
to pass those measures, of the just exigency °f (Abet
we are ourselves convinced ; whilst with regard to otints)
in themselves beneficial, and for which the `
Ich ceig
is prepared, there can be only one consideration whoa
restrain their introduction, which is, that sometnsc'•i
most is attempted, least is affected; and it is Flo boo
portant that those measures which are introduced fliollt
to
been previously so matured, as,
merit the approbation of Parliament. —( Tress-1'0)&1150.0h°
ing.) At any rate, I trust in our deliberate 0111",beers'
that the principle of °Lura co" aaut
—(Continued cheers)—for by its verdict, will be found to be such as shall be bitonigible to turi shro°.,,,gZ
such expressions of the constituent
weTuhltimately be judged. fri
"—s Great chey 'n • ) shouts of ‘P"
The Noble Earl then retired eri
amidst deafening
plause, clapping of hands, &c. Mulgrav°
Lord MORPETH, who was accidentally a ViSitOT os re-
Castle, being loudly called for, came forvrard, anun.h gratifi-
cationwt cheers. His Lordship expressed his lily of hie
in having witnessed the well -merited paid to"
Noble Friend; and,t he ha°ntir
adverting to a former visit he cou
Whitby, •
ben a candidate for the entation of t t a
though through the operationex sepses tha
stated the satisfaction he findingld IY°
rdaicat;s fhl`i,eiees—ot,
Bill, he .c 9 ed t°
longer regard the assembl eorfi.etnhcee dR fromform
be rejoic
fits,
y as his constituents,
a them aa
discover that he could • still confidently rely UP°
friends.

~,~

PUBLIC DINNER To SIR E. CoDRINGTOI46 .
: Yesterday the gallant Admiral dined, by invitation)
tt_lohOneo
aconfhdahiris friends, at the Royal Hotel, ',W. Foot, rig?'
vided by ro-
.s!.when an elegant and sulntantial dinner wag. P --
Dr.r.TEhlolmioatts.. 'orothe,rieat sat Sir Edward Norman Cala,
James
enthusiasm, Hillyar, C •
, n the ,eft were Mr.
ing as V'
health of our
On the removal of the c 0 t;
apt= Maurice and Mr. James HuswbaLtlhntlebte:stiti:
our Gracious Monarch was drank with the grert.tteers
The Queen And Royal Family followed, al
which the President gave the health of Sir Edward Cot it g
ing-_
ton, observing at the same time that he wished it had fall ea
the lot of one more competent to do justice to the toast. ,1;
thought his fellow-townsmen would agree with hiln that
Edward Codrington's parliamentary career ha' been, logn's:
honourable, upright, and consistent, and suci'_. as must gve g 0
neral satisfaction to the constituency of tte Borough. He °fir
happy to find him again amongst Item and hoped that ego
connection would long continue, This toast was drank elniusi,
the most enthusiastic cheering, which continued for sever
minutes. —Devortport Telegraph.
PETITioNs..---The 45th, 46th, and 47th Rerifti.,
of the Committee upon Public Petitions have just been pr ago'
It appears by them that the total number of petitio-o pro-
sented, praying for a Separation between the Church and the
State, amounted to 62; containing 72,272 signatures.—Againg:
the Separation or Church and State, 331; • containing 49,05
signatMes.—ln support of the Church of England, 1,184 i.
containg 155,783 signatures.—In support of the Church 01l
Scotland, 61 ; containing 21,839 signatures.—ln support 0'
the Church of Ireland, 320 ; containing 52,909 signatures.!
Against the present System of Lay Patronage in SCotlano,
272 ; containing 115,306 signatures.—For the better Observ-
ance of the Sabbath, 722 ; containing 157.419 signatures.----
From Protestant Dissenters, praying relief of Disabilities,'
1,134 ; containing 352,910
of Protestant Disse”.- "'- •• 35 212 signatures.---d
ers, 495 ; containing ,
Against ti:: • nu 51,i::
`''irnatures.—Against the Claini°
payment of Church-rates, 141; contain' , ;
;,;,--
.bnatures.—Complaining of Agricultural Distress, 60 •; 'coo:
taming 49,117.—F0r a Repeal of the Legislative Unica% 463
containing 539,781 signatures.—For an Inquiry into t' ac la'
crease of Drunkenness, 225 ; containing 57,940 sip.' Ares.
