COUNTY OF YORK.

A meeting of the great county of York took place yes-
terday in the Castle-yard, pursuant to requisition. At
twelve o'clock an immense number of people crowded to-
wards the Castle-yard, with banners and music.
The following are some of the devices on the banners :
A Patriot King appeals to his People.
Royal Army—God save the King.
Reform and Retrenchment.
Brougham and Reform.
England expects every man to do his duty.
Reorm.
The King and the Constitution.
Long live our patriot King William IV.
We win, persevere, and conquer.
The Cause of Liberty and Independence.
Brougham, the Friend of the People.
God save the King, and Reform victorious.
Freeholders united for Reform.
Freeholders who vote unanimous for the Bill, the King, and

Constitution.
The greatest harmony prevailed in the meeting, and
but one feeling seemed to pervade all classes. Amongst
the noblemen and gentlemen present on the hustings we
observed Lords llorpeth and Milton, the Hon. Sir E. Va-
vasour, Sir W. B. Cooke, Bart. Sir W. M. Milne,
Bart. Sir F. L. Wood, But. F. H. Fawkes, Esq. Mar-
maduke Wyvil, Esq., the Hon. Rev. H. Herbert, Sir G.
Cayley, Bart. G. Strickland, Esq. M.P. M. Stocks and
M. Stocks, jun. Esqrs. B. Stocks, Esq. W. Dursley, Esq.
Seymour,W.
C. Horner, Esq. G.
Esq.H.
Esq. W. Allen, Esq. E.
ek, Esq.Emq. B.
13 Horner,
irbee k,
Baines, Esq. E. Baines, jun. Esq. Rev. R. W. Hamil-
ton, Rev. T. Monson, S. Claph.M
Rev. H. Chaloner, R. Briggs, Esq.
J. Hodgson, Esq.
J. E: Esq, Dr.
T.
cookel:oEuNtqb.
Major G .1.01 Hthae l,liley, jun. ,
G. Brown, Esq. surgeon, Jas.
Brown, Esq. B. Clay, Esq. M. Mitton, Esq. H. Milnes,
Esq. W. Jolliffe, Esq. J. Bowen, Esq. Rev. Geo. Lea,
Wm. Hargrave, Esq. J. Dawson, Esq. E. S. Cayley,
Esq. J. Henderson, Esq. Greenwood, &it'. George

Swann, Esq. G. Champey, Esq. W. Laycock, Esq. .1.
W. Tottie, Esq. G. Wades, Esq. T. Smith, Esq. T.
Barstow, Etq. J. Watson, Esq. G. Crofts, Esq. W. R.
Crompton, Esq. T. Mason, Esq. Rev. IL Ellis, R. Bent-
ley, Esq., and numerous other gentlemen.
Lord MILTON then came forward and said, as you have
now testified your loyalty by joining in the national hymn
to our gracious Sovereign, the most patriotic Monarch,
with the exception of him who bore his name, that ever
sat on the throne of England, and him I do not except as
being more so, for I place them both on the sime level ;
the patriotic conduct of the one enabled your ancestors to
expel from this country a tyrant race of Kings by whom
they had been oppressed, and the present patriotic
William is doing his utmost to enable you to replace the
rotten parts of the Constitution by branches more conge-
nial to the parent tree. The first part of our business is
to elect a Chairman, in consequence of the absence, as 1
understand unavoidable, of that high officer ycu have been
accustomed to meet on occasions similar to the present. I
shall suggest to you the propriety of electing a gentleman
of great experience and undoubted patriotism. Therefor,
I propose that Sir Francis Lindley Wood do take the
chair.—,(Great cheering.)
J. C. RAMSDEN, Esq. (one of the Members for the
county), briefly seconded the nomination, which was car-
ried enthusiastically.
The CHAIRMAN then presented himself amidst lond
cheers, and said—delighted as I am to see amongst us our
late most excellent Member, Lord Milton, there is no con-
sideration connected with this meeting that does not confer
on me the highest satisfaction, and I venture to say, upon
you also, unless it be the appointment of so iecornpetent a
person to fulfil the duties of Chairman.—(Cries of " No,
no, no.") I have been a reformer for 40 years, and never
have I repented the course I took in early life, anti never
will I desert the sacred cause in which I embarked in the
enthusiasm of youth, and which has been confirmed
in my most mature years. Now it must give delight
to every British heart to hear assembled thousands
saying, as you have done, " God bless the King of
England."—(Loud cheers.) I am sure there is no
individual here but is desirous that the proceedings
of this important meeting should be signalized for
temperance, prudence, and moderation.—(Cheers.) It
any agitator or well. meaning, but inconsiderate indivi-
dual, should make a proposition, as was lately done at the
meeting of 150,000 persons at Birmingham, to pledge the
meeting to any act that was unlawful or illegal, I am sure
that the good sense of Yorkshiremen will prevent them
from being so far led away as to nullify the effect which
the petitions emanating from this meeting, would other-
wise have with the two Houses of Legislature and the King.
You will perceive, that in striking a blow at the majority
of Peers, that have resisted the wishes of the people in
IS3I, you may at the same time destroy the influence of
the minority who in 1832 may, as on many former occa-
sions, prove themselves the ft lends of the Monarch, the
people, and the Constitution.—(Gr. at cheering.) Let,
then, your motto he temperance, prudence, justice, and
fm titude, and you will maintain that high character which
you, as Yorkshiremen, enjoy, and send your petition with
tenfold force, to the two branches of the Legislature, and
the foot of the throne.—(Loud cheering.) _ _

F. H. FAWKES, Esq. 'then advanced— in front of the hus-
tings, and was received with cheers. After the applause had
subsided, Mr. Fawkes said—Solved as is now, Gentlemen, that
momentous question, which has been hanging for months on
the trembling lips of every man in the country,—" What will
the Lords do ?"—and solved as it has been in a manner, which
must inflict the deepest regret upon every man who has a heart
less hard than stone—we are met here to-day, not to consider
what the House of Lords has refused to do for us, but to decide
what we shall do for ourselves—(Loud applause)—and often,
Gentlemen, as in the pages of our country's history, we may
find that the people have been obliged, in order to maintain
their liberties inviolate, boldly to withstand the encroachments
of illegal power. I know of no period, even in the most event-
ful annals of our ancestors, that has more loudly called for
the courageous and constitutional interference of the people in
the defence of their liberties, than does the present moment.
(Applause.) Often, too, as have the claims to a full, free, and
fair representation in Parliament, been the loadstone that has
attracted to the Castle-yard of your county—never will I ven-
ture to say—has the banner of Reform (the only means of a
restoration to this right) been unfurled within these walls at a
time when the gathering to this justly popular standard, has
been more imperatively than it is now the duty of all those who
consider civil liberty their most invaluable birthright, and
those privileges which their ancestors won for them worth their
efforts to maintain.—(Applause.) It is but too true, that the
paralyzing effects of corruption have long reduced to a state of
torpor, those laws which were enacted for the protection of
these privileges. But are they obliterated from our statutes.—
(Cries of " no, no".) Or still worse, from our memories ? Or,
has (as it has been maliciously insinuated by our opponents)
corruption so eaten into the core of our better feelings—or
habits of servility so coiled themselves round our better nature,
that Englishmen in these degenerate days are incapable of
making the trifling sacrifices of time and ease that are re-
quired of them to free them from the toils of the borough_
mongers, and become again as free as the Constitution intended
they should always have been.—(Tremendous applause.)
Confuted is the odious calumny, and it is with rapture I
see my countrymen prepared to rouse these laws again into
action—to assert their constitutional independence, and so pre-
pared, that to stimulate you to a renewal of exertion, to impress
you with the necessity of perseverance, and to inspire you
with a due confidence in power, which (if calmly and
legally directed) must prove irresistible, need, I feel assured,
from no part of my duty to-day.—(Cheers.) Now, gentlemen,
had this assertion been supported by an overwhelming ma-
jority of that House—had there not been on the contrary, a
remarkable discrepancy of opinion on this very point, and
among a body of men bound together as would be
seen by so great a similitude of interests—we
might have paid some attention or deference to the
assumption of the 199 wise men. But had such been
the probable resell of their acquiescence in this measure?
Think you not, gentlemen, that the voice of nature wou!d
have cried from the graves of the Howards, the Russells,
the Cavendishes, and the Stanleys, calling upon them not
to abandon honours and titles which had illustrated the
brightest pages of our history ; but unsullied as they had
received them, to band them down undiminished in
lustre to their descendants—and not only undiminished
in lustre will they and: that truly noble minority
that noble galaxy, in the House of Lords bequeath their
coronets to their sons—but from their generous and disin-
terested conduct on this occasion—emblazoned with the two
brightest jewels a coronet can contain—the admiration of the
age, and the veneration of posterity. Had we ever had,
Gentlemen, any good ground for supposition
that the exalted station in life of our Noble opponents
had raised them to an eminence of more than hutm.n vir-
tue—far removed from all the temptations to injustice
that avarice or ambition sometimes seduce men in
an humbler sphere of action—and far above the clouds
of prejudice, which are liable to obscure the vision of less
exalted beings—could we never have been able to trace
their public conduct to any spring less pure than a disin-
terested love of country, and never had a clue to swpect that
motives of a baser stamp could sway their judgmenta—
-1 had foreborne using invidious comments. But though,
Gentlemen, these Lords have, in the delusion that they are
all-powerflil in the State, arrogated to themselves the Divine
Right of saying to the advancing tide of wealth, intelligence, and
liberality—" Thus far shalt thou go, and no farther;" there
is happily one gentleman in the State pre-eminent over these
very eminent Statesmen, and one, who, if he does arrogate
to himself any attribute of Divine power—it is only that
Heavenly one of dispensing mercy to a wronged
and suffering people. In that excellent personage let us turn
our hopes to a patriot King; who has already sanctioned this
measure of relief with his approbation ; let us address our peti-
tion, let us implore him to look with pity on the disappointed
expectations of the nation—and praying that he will exercise
every constitutional power that is vested in his crown
to redress our wrongs, and to restore to us the tran-
quil enjoyment of our undoubted rights. Let us also
pray to him to repose the same confidence he has hitherto
done in his Ministry, which, abandoning the selfish views
of all preceding Administrations, has won the confidence,
the admiration, and the affections of his subjects. Let
us also implore him to uphold the vote of the Com-
mons, whom he specially and graciously summoned, to
assure him of the feelings of the nation on this particular
subject, and whom the people painfully struggled
against the united efforts of intimidation and cor-
ruption to return as their representatives; and who Lave
so faithfully and so manfully (and with a zeal and per-
severance that awake our interminable gratitude) executed
the high trust reposed in them. And, gentlemen, on the
word of a Premier never yet broken—in the watchful and
paternal care of a King who, ever since his accession to
the Throne, has in hia every act proved how deeply and
warmly he has at heart the welfare of his subjects, we may
place the the most implicit confidence, and rely upon his noble,
generous, and undaunted character, that there is now no longer
any power behind the throne, which can be greater than the
throne itself. The Hon. Gentleman then concluded a forcible
and eloquent speech, by moving the following address to the
King
" TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY,
We, the undersigned Nobility, Clergy, Gentry, Freeholders,
and other Inhabitants of the County of York, beg leave to ap-
proach your Majesty with the most lively sense of your Majesty',
paternal solicitude for the welfare of your subjects, and graciously
desire to grant them the enjoyment of a sound, constitutional,
and ameliorated system of Representation. We arc grateful to
your Majesty for having made a timely appeal to the opinions of
the Electors of the Kingdom, conceining the important measure
of Reform, which had been submitted to Parliament by your
Majesty's Ministers, an appeal which was enthusiastically an
swered by a great and overwhelming majority of the Electors
supported by the wishes, and animated by the general voice di
the Nation. We have seen iv all satisfaction the adoption by a
large majority of the Commons' House of Parliament, of a Bill
for the Reform of the Representation, rounded upon the prin
ciple of extinguishing the Nomination Boroughs, diminishing
the Expense of Elections, extending the Franchise to important
places hitherto t.or9resented, and a greater number of indivi-
duals, and establishing a lust balance between the Agricultural
and Commercial Interests; but we have heard with the deepest
disappointment and regret, which is only qualified by our con&

deuces
ti:lat hrees I 1
Lords rtrhniti.fclot 1
poral, have deferred the second reading
.0
A tO enteVe'liii
months, with the avowed purpose of avowing . it in-, 1
consideration of its details, and of utterly rejecting° _ 0, i
when, by the usage of Parliament, its principle al
.n_e,,,,,, ;
icliiticlsiobmle
advisers, that
thoef
discussion. We look with affection and veneration._ tf.; 06
and Constitution of our country, and we are we.ll_f.7befli a
temporarary excitement of popular feeling Ina) °T,.yl ,
tageously repressed by the prudence of the hea7olo.
the Legisl itu re. But we beg leave to aPPrtet we areoi r
with the most firm and deliberate assurance, t
__ of
by an unalterable desire for a Reform of the House of r
yoUr I%fles..ti 7d119,0
upon the principles which form the basis andevOle e.. 7e iiitlj a
mended by the Ministers .of the Crown, Iwo' ixtedeproi
deepest concern, that the just }Met of An ,inirn• d. I,
mice majority Majesty's subjects are baffled Id
altherefolt b , ,
small of privileged individuals. Viebe PleagdPi )
and most respectfully entreat your Majesty to
raciaes,,4, I
plete the patriotic work which has been so In otti4
01
menced, by continuing your present Minis
,i..,,,ent id ,
the disagreement between the Houses a P ri_t7j.cile°/'Y
otherwise be accommodated, by a constitutional e.,, ,t, i$ t
Majesty's prerogative, as shall seem fitting to f,..0'0;11! i
ensure a just and unprejudiced consideration of the i ,
Bill, and a concurrence of the three bfanCheg PL'i.';i a
in giving to your Majesty's loyal subjects an e74oh ban
.
already recommended to, and approved by.
the House of Commons upon- the principlyeso:tt:s._y.4 ;
ing the motion, said—Gentlemen, a very fe, wheretrei t
elapsed since I addressed you in this Castle-yard, ._..., to twi, I
assembled at the request of our Gracious Sovereig.4.l, 1
The Hon. and Rev. H. HERBERT, of Spoffow boolonot, . I
the choice of our representatives, and the perfec.,7ooo.., I
pressed upon our countenances, showed the deci47_,„ittP', i
l
of this country on the great measure of ParliaraeatsPi; 04
nre:fhotioros' great It
That was our day of triumphal anticipation, 0.14 01,1,0 t
of disappointment; but it will not be a permanct.lo,ol, e
fore, it is not a grivous disappointment; for 10; oil
upper branch of the Legislature may be, fr°ll' tt „rest 0/10 t
io,
of
rtheir t
alteration,constitution,
it
never
eardhoapst
la, tai
pypemneedas ui
country, that they have for any great length
march of common sense, and the prevailing :
~i c
nation. If the people of this country hare the..,„. to v I
I
as I am confident they will have, to adhere stearabewarose
object with calmness, with temper, and °lnt° ti
hold it to be as certain, as any event
w;h2cin'ot N. di'o4 1
sight can anticipate, that the period ~ heir if iio -
when they will obtain the full gratificationoet; jolfter ,
You have the strength of an united and der oo bid ;
pervading every extremity of the kingdoto 1(0001,0 ,
House of Commons, of which a great tnsPr ,ittitiot ill N
wending the imperfections of its present °Di: taivatlrie '
upon this occasion acted nobly and honourah' oboleoi I
constituents ; you have advisers to the Cronlboina tt, I
cerity has undergone the test of experienee):oß OrOrAt
good faith, upon whose talents, and uPon,_Whoetadfs„O 1
you can rely ; and you have a Monarch w"°"ti conar4
with a warm heart and stout deterniinallo jo 4 li
the dearest interests of his subjects, and rvirb:Sead_finer° l" 1
that he knows how to use his prerogative In' - of c"-vos I
of the kingdom. Nor is it pa
small Matter wfach
10 t
tulation, that the great principles °,n,, the 110111' t
:mud have made such an inroad In,' tivo .„ illi I
of our antagonists, that I believe ontiliorilii"t" a
Peers were found in the whole of the fetal "opedielifilb I
division, who contended that no Reform witn-ooltle ill
(Applause). One even amongst our flltt. cor-,ls' t
eloquent anti forcible reasoning, :Trate° 're- of rod .
the great principles upon which the Inestu,olllll,ooiti S'
jesty'ik Ministers was founded, though or
(
cdtogG.
:fee
Billreeat ecyal;: e:ocrtfabfa,hiepi
ralcglnstaeria,:ta::
.e,oeeirpfuetsraatihtiaiadtei,:ealiil
otrneencifftd(o.Leriraylso:Rsr
which their prejudiced understandings coal° a beirpo t
l
complete and unqualified rejection. --(ll°l.ye' o it Of 151 ~
'assert that the nation had no real pren"to t"'-01 4
wed:mdroethgusip,irimPoeidanursdeoigauobslshdavetuleturire.cenß,,f)livvenshbnifulit°9ertt[felitefed:cotecsoefitisraojwitlietl;l:oll...:illi
01:0:
,‘ ;
t.ti
complete and satisfactory adjustment. 'rhea Der, . ti
tirely forgot, or rather did not choose to relnellifratu.',f v
nation at that time did not wish for a Reforta °adios 'ili a
—(Applause.) The effects of the adnaini'raati CPI v,
tors; .wi
i,oeahrs,:i
ern;
er
einaat
ods:
on:
d•
Pitt had filled the country with loan fobbeP„ 0.0.4 cj ti
auszheaercsotyuus
middlealm actually y e fattening:att.gi ne,
eoi,fir:isi
fef
aeni
;nt
oamutciuroo
snr
tr.::
elivi
iweeiri: r
0:
eot fi
tiled!
41; i:
t;
m. off
urychhot you
fb:avrrhbt oh. me iomua am
stomach
addressingkonfowa th.
obtained inns y part of the kingdom. Tbe rithall , , ti
more desire at that time for Russell's purge, 0, for -tor 01
same person comet to the full use and strength 03.,:1tee olii 41
body, to the free enjoyment of his animal spirita,lo 00 y, I
that he throws the gruel in the face of any Pe",,ooosl,los‘' t...
offer it to him for his dinner.—(Laughter and Pr ? 4" 'l,
ea op- w
is there no change in the sign of the present tinlog
.1
there been year after year, daily and hourly, a o„,toferil,°,l
good and cheap government ? Has not the ditill,'""tolVdpi'', ','
among the middle and lower orders, increased th,e.atit,.os t]
ligence throughout the kingdom, in proportion 01 0007 .14
one compared with what it was at that time? Gepocenktog;it a'
weak
at hkaa 'sal
navtdot nshi ficuskil eivilo:t
II
#0:1p-': #: 1
0,
gradual Reform which is offered to us by these
Statesmen is a spoonful of gruel to the intellige_sLrofli,CA,l
v,
this country, who have a stomach for the roast W"' gen .
and I advise you with all the courtesy, with an thhee ' t :
and all the moderation with which such an acts an- otillit -,
to fling it into the faces of those who offer it as theot '
N
the only practicable, the only wholesome Reform
, 006 (t
granted to the people of this island. You hav,-,:osi
likeu oumsey soeflf,Lloorodksed, intoawnitdhyi,niutermesutst tvhee
seenlate dt:00b6;t000110111." at4l'
• I
said jocularly in allusion to the Bill about —;,tot, I
only say that the measure introduced by Di'n her
the tI
ounslya
omfosgtraptaiflyaitntgabloeudrishva;hitte,affobrttilted to f 70101,11teru, Sia
stpvtcateuhnsge:
some
m and The
ingi
rnNes:;:gebonl
ertaaLt ioonfrgdßsoeauf,orhnr
Reform
admitted
:ittehuyat itgo nriv:ltoeit
mint
r/;
lat:11
must have a pudding, but they said ofere • t}
, that Pi
shamefully ill seasoned ; and when theYA fialt i ,i
if they objected to mustard, if they 1° SO i,liti se
our pepper, what sauce they would like,",t10011 ti
enly answer they condescended to give, seit"°.-t ;-
it., st
our sauce; without examining our 6100.) I:,,
prying into the beautiful steak which' et vi- IV 'i
/Ads
to kick our pudding into the street.--v-ois i tl,l
knew that it was unnecessary to argue 0.; itii," ,"
against the efficiency of gradual Reform; bu'dlrd: ,-`,
They say that the rotten boroughs are
to show the absurdity of the arguments dont 0- arri ti
things l'iri
heat s .00 i V e
we trust not touch them unless we find I" rapt
cOr ( di
open day, and publicly convict them of
experience
xr tpheireirmbcoed yo
of past
constituents.
years
~, ,o
that we may then transfer the franchlee:iattolii 11
thgsriaanjetstmy'oreinthhaisn tlVic‘dmoimb,eschaalllledjuutpolgen etoxPes;os::::
t';
astomtheew
pest such a conviction of one borough in ten / tr
it $ ' ti
to say 20 I should be nearer the truth. Taki° the It
result would be, that our posterity would have .0
of getting rid of one hundred and sixty allot °Le° L il,
in one thousand and six hundred re' - ' view ea
yea mipc ea
is not the true state of the case, fora, eThoort, di
multiplied the offenders would become
and less easily detected, and also as their nn".ot a Of
duced, the chance of detecting a deliorineou ar
smaller number would be diminished in th,e,.,ser it (I
tion ; therefore the real result might probsun tilt, .I't
would not lie disposed of in less than 4,000 r 0117), `t.3
period than we have a right expect the gr°a si ef 'I)
to 0 e 010 1,1
du-e • . , arid perhaps notwithstanding t„eia Str!;o : lit
gradual system of Reform, Gatton and `-"A"-. Or:t6 I
be found lifting up their venerable bes"- 03 e
,00 i 4 41
wrecks of tune, and awaiting the &state 0, 1:00A, al,
day.—(Cheering.) I for one, and all of Ptoidi ore of
are much too short-lived animals to wish eel' bri
„n a ~d ,' t3l
our posterity forty years hence. We w",---Iboats-0016,
fit—an actual advantage for ourselves ana„c alit iO.. il Ire
form, which will cure effectually the eos,ople , #O,O it
desirous of obtaining it: and if the rots I,s,dr lei
suffer their secret enemies to urge the° of Lijorli Ci,
indiscretion, to menace, to viruleneed (1171, to
to the expression of fierce resentment !.., .
~;: tit tat
would latii‘tnh-s6l;:p 1:01 ;
ment, we shall assuredly get what we t3,o'' obliVoisliPei Itt
thought almost needless to state to an ass` tbs, he.
sons of your good sense and understanding' to ' ' /.‘
erool e I
secret enemies, who are infinitely more dang 0 ,010,1 tie,
those who are arrayed in the ranks of for lie' 0 ri
1,.'
They are perhaps the loudest to clan:iota .t beCgotesll/ I.'
they do not wish that you should ever obtaiVe'dise, if, ft
derive their importance and livelihoods fro! tilt 00/ t
bleb 0 he
the people; they are like the storm.birdss - the!:' oPr f in
on the first appearance of a squall, finding -,e,)
no" it!? to
their nourishment in the tempest._(App..ao-1,00 v./
to push you on to the brink of the rebellion, . may (hod i: tic,
the incitement of public spoliation, that they , that lie/ Pb
alarm the wealthier classes of the comlnunitYbieh
cip;ijileft, del
remove further from you the just boon
°n D 1 .
quiring; that they may involve the nation ,
..., un .
'ye a" utt
confusion, from which they hope to den the , Itti,
advantage, at the expense of the hapPhle'sjo-0 qof
and perhaps even the existence of the ki 8. is lb'
I entreat the most influential amongst you, ertyo 0 145
towns from which you have assembled, to e_lt 1,01 tilt
to allay all the irritation of disappointinen;eo ob,t.V !IN
tor irt
be as men hopeless and desperate, but as cat) . , I
a ore p 9, 1 lb
the justice and streng'h of their cost*, 'le )
(I ore' beler, dis
,l triumph at no distant period--..- 3 our
ripio, tt, '
fitting at this crisis that we should addresa
sea; , h
vereign, as my honourable friend has j ust prorPhl pre it
Al
he has an interest at heart—the exercise o• 6 but ' 'lle]
r to
be can complete the kind work he has beg t133_00 ;ti
not become us to approach him with the langor joij, yo,
Cation, but to trust that he will domein° a Off ,if
Cap
nest for our real interests at his own au 00./ 0,01 riot
Let us therefore, with full confidence rely oPoed Orgot coo
cious Sovereign—upon that King who /tilts 01 lid; Nei
not in metaphor only, but by substantial e.. 10.
~0
kindness, to be in reality the father of his Pecr, •Ifee.
taped already an ample reward in the genet"
aill

ilisthis subjects, and his memory will go down to postrir,iityt'hae
inguislied name on the page of history, w '
great
aureis of Waterloo are failing upon the brow of
our
ri
the
Commander, who, after hiving triumphantly _oug
enemies y, has sun into
batty of hi., countr 1 k the ranks of the
of her domestic improvement.—Tremendous
aPPlause.) I will detain you no longer, but cordially
second the address to his Majesty.
Lord MILTON said, it is with great cordiality that I have
made n
-1) O.IIY mind in favour of the address which has. been
:
°loved and seconded by Mr. Fawkes sod Mr. Herbert ,
et!,
although it was necess'ar •on this ti e sibn to Pri)piise to aPT*Oa _
the ugh
in se 'terms 1,-hicCli lis patriotism demands of
you your
, duty will not be fulfilled if youstop t
You have
me
another duty to perform. It is your duty, give
leave there,--(Hear,)
to saY, that you should again impress upon that branch of
the Legislature with which you are directly connected, the lite°.
cuessity `
quest in your kinion exists,
;h s't great ion whicli has been unfortunately defeated
the 14,,r ~., of again recurring
''.-2
~,Lllolis, of Pnrithrricnr,—(Hear.) It Pl'Peaq.to
Me, that the riodie of C. otninOnS Will be left Without one 0
ieistts
tahrgUinents for resuming the discussion of this question; uti
piahc° MY of York should approach them tin the subject,—(Ali:
you a
!).etition to that
se) I shall,herefore, before I iiimclude, propose House, praying them again to resume tihaoetiqieuseesn_
7r__l3e.sand considering the manner in which the recen.t.3 n
of
is
entatives of the people have adopted the propositio
they
iy
wi4 i'trs Mnisters, little doubt can be entertained that
it is end a favourable ear to your requests.—(Applause.) I think
felt 'le°essarY that you should leave no stone unturned to mini_
I
thaot branch of the Legislature,
the cu
the neces:
elll4 fr-rn 0 I' th 'Pill— h -du entertain of .
cup
of thq Y tir ips, e c io 3 which lust dashed
It ig .i„, " nleaStii-e Which they have rejected,—(tiatid cheers.)
oceasio'rY Well to say that the House of Lords, on
but, it is
Your
~ 4, has Manifested no sympathy with the people;
the present
indify"tY M give them no excuse for saying that the peoplea are
not
cokee!ent to the question._.(Loud cheers.) They
oppoiiint° immediate contact with the
I,,o_ieunities of forming a judgment of the feelings people, and hinav,:ef
tnhott
bel:ntilliAidera-
tio:oethan.ditperefore I claim fain Yrill 4 fantl_uel-ato
Y°l U s°4le that
aQiirkabl(ll!ar)—attid lersvaiwo
bthege division Which took
I v pdint out tb
I haee i 4 the Lords. ele'armeumafsr:idnel must Carry You back to what
of ia,°e!orssetirnes been accused of—tti history, for thetpiusireik,
seniieius:erating
.s the position lam about to maintain; I.
last generation of
the „Z°..., more than seventy yehts since the
of the principles
~ht,Ztust Of ttrUhstViek, not quite so mindful
patriotic monarch
NTht,,,, nad seated them on the throne, as the
d cheers)
cud; we. have now the happiness to see there—(
us
stem of
goven,°°llog, and but too successfully, to forma m
yhtinottr-
able fekent independent of the people.—(Hear.) y
is
now
no pol:_erod (I‘.l. Fawkes) has stated to you, that there
itself
.d
I 411
_e behind the throne greater than the throne
, the
thi.oJove there is nt. I believe there are now . behind
the
trowo ti° advisers to thwart the responsible advisers of
ws,
he
--(Hear' hear.) The first fruits of that system i
can unfortunate quarrel which severed the North Anler -
t'eat"l°°_,ies from England—which has made America
da
the -oo independent nation—which at the time plunged
the
e'ountry into
Many difficulties, and dismembered
time 'bi)ire'..—(Ch )TI war with France.
Huth it , eers. le next wa .
onsider the
itobe a doubtful question,when ue c .
• '°ll of pr.
disposition she manifested to
ti„..
w. ance, and the
our
e,,,,n.'e,,,. with every nation of Europe, not excepting
discon-
tent,thl ben came lavish expenditure—then . came
miscalled
teditinu "1 cattle the gills to repress meetings a
tystein 8-'(llear, hear)--for the purpose of. justifying ,
(Cheers
°I Legislator inconsistent with English liberty ._
e
remember
to a, ' Then comes those doctrines which I
eteutde heard with astonishment, delivered, no doubt, in.
do :nee to requests given from high quarters, that taxlea-
ka "no ury to th le (Hear.) Any gent
n who
must re-
cline
~ served on the Grand Jury at the time,
the
144 eon'
tastonishment the lesson they received from
°Pinion P° he occasion.--(Hear.) This is an erroneous
*lli t:,', but which entertained many years ago, but
was
b c,., turther k
has shewn to
Le erroneous • nowledge among the people.
scarcely to
be found • and I apprehend there now
enter-
tajk, ;
,_lo
Baby part of the empire a tierspn thatof
Go_
erut,:e," pon. That was the system
sixty
aud
etvesntprevailing in this country for
betweenthat the Go-
vertnient Y Ye4B. Now you must suppose
raise to
the rbter at the time had taken pretty good cat e. to
It
it Amur age °illy those persons favourable to their views.
sayi, 41 that they should do so ; nay, Igo thelength of
their
sYstelgt: that it Was right; because, if they thoughtcting
the Part of Government right, they would not be
brancha
°F
LZ good governors if they placed in the highest
The the
,t-ralature persons at variance with their own
opinions.the last
6° Years is, that the persons raised to the Peerage for
the late
divisilio'
in of one way of thinking. I now come to,,
voted
against th°,t.he House of Lords.—(Hear, hear.)
IRoyal
Nice. ane ''11; will exclude from that number the
htec_
and tined the Itisho cin number Z—(Hear and laug
to
114.,re Will then P'
' • 176 lay Lords. I ought also I
w:,,' excinderith
representative Peers, but
kilt take the wholee rish and Scotch
Lords voted against the
Bill. ot.
thistine
number-176 lay
•ou think have been
eirielot_ed 0 r prornoutlober, how many do
) the accession of Geo.
41.4 014 tof 176" t 0 the Peerage
sincer
seats in the House of
and 10.subsequeot ;,,,iii,3l have taken their
111. --(Hear, hear,
only .35d cheering.)
It!), :et cee s seiroo na
remains,
,Gteh
e. n ,
out of 176 Peers,ed
against thPri, to the accessionr
of Geo. 111., who voted
ved
f e 13'11---(4ud
I I will now go to those w
aba,_ or the 14.... e leers.)
again, I will take
Itletl:4e ItoYal bilk-,58; now contrasting w
I ill name those two
„. -that ex_ , and two Bishops, .
ho of Norwich
1 u..00d
eit viient and venerable mats the Bis I)
Dr.
slaltby Rho my excellent and Reverend Friend,
ace(Conlin ° has just been elevated to the see of Chichester;
155 la", T
_cheers) Of those l'iii who voted for the Bill, there
--essi - --taxis • a 1;
created since the
the oil of , , and of these 106 have been
for
NH "eorge 111 leavi 49 among those who voted
TeeWo had th .*. °lt
th ,, eir Peerage prior to the accession of George
--e lii• -uolh th
to George
ag ,r 1 i.rd en stands thus :--Of those
pi
rnidor thirty-five
aaeii at it. here(,are forty-nine for the Bill, a
to the real
,_c. eut ,t)bioli the
That shows, if we look
the same
,veriflX4tinu
i.Ot_Y of England, that they voted in nearly
mons
b., --(/..oosi'L'avotir of the Bill as the House of Com
case
. to
n,-..ring)._...and --,,
..o if I have not made out
tis
iin.
itZsitible to
rolavtehe ancient nobility of Englanld,n
it
to state
'ince Usthnbe's ru.' o°reUtaanvyousrucbhl h(Crehseeercsi)to tohogse created
tllliPv°tette afeocre:,si" of GeoargeY thvelt Third, because in the 10t6
ukc - eerage
~; "le /3ill, I, of course include those elevated o
'-.,att, s-Iring the .
•,
present Majesty. If we
Third 'frotn the 106 reign of his
of George the
k_. , the t_ e 106 created since the accession
sent
orgie4)., thewenty-three who have been created by his pre.
t•org rje rernains only ci hty three created in the reigns
t 'ere are ~,', e Third and Fourthg • -
favour of the Bill, whilst
Cory his 4 who votedin
There is a satisfac-
cooml,:4l' Of the late ;g•tost.it.—(Hear.)
of Lords; but I am
Olt voiced that thn., 'vision sn the House
cannot withstand
serin,.., e or the
__rocently created Peers .
f it is expressed
It is 'l, sobe_, people of England—(Cheers)—I . _
___,.,
Rs hot by
n 0;.,, arid with perseverance.—(Continued cheers.
Aslt..Z au Autle...,,and clamour ; it is not by breaking the win)
110,A. eforun„ 4eforrning Peer, or despoiling the property
bf t111:10o th"ig gehtletnell, that the question can be carried.
people
tho,in'qtland
n,! ,as a great moral question, whether the Peoll
W401'14114 wi7l. have entrusted to the great bulk I:. I f them
1 hav_et they
_iLh the Constitution theoretically rests in them
iit,
the Z. dead 41d be only virtually represented in P. arliame
et..
have 'lll Whiehin .favour of Parliamentary Reform—in favour I
l'-•tht° afik lit. hts Majesty's Ministers proposed. And all
h healee he 0,.,,° is, that you will persevere.—(Loud cheers.)
earitating b" oa.cksliding—(Continued cheers)—let there b. e
ionte', and k„ut:o all Your actions manifest that you are in
seith„ t° the 1,2 ' am convinced, that without making any ad-
o( tb-et't that, therage, which some gentlemen think necessary—
and the eater " 11°ose of Lords will not resist the moral force
(Lnuoe v,isne.Part of the ancient Nobility within theraselves,
You 4 'beers., °f the whole of the rest of the conimunity.—
to yolia hetitio4
to I shl, therefore, feel it my duty to propose to
I,Prthe Petitiothe RoUse of Commons, and I will now read
In th ,of the ii.° N.rhich I shall suggest tc, you to present.. It
hei.e evesoill in w
.11 41 general terms There were some points
r loud t,„ Inch I did not :
s don% , ..' called
ou ~ con l)erson in the crowd
Illthou '
v"11 to throw Do not throw cold wa .
ter on it.")
end gh I diea
it ; but
cold water on any part of
of p°PPO,ed t4PProved of some of the features of the Bill,
''Oirlolo 8 heat Ourin its r • through the House
elkeim,, r',, yet I stn g p Ogress .
t throughout,
his L°
see'
ready to Support 1
ft,e I tord.hi Ar--(Loud cheering.)
it !luentt,. r P during the readin of,
the petition
was
gym, It hgh'', eeted with cheers, and in conclusion remarked,
7,Pts whienheee"arY to plaid against those insidious aht-
t"ocverntuent may be made tc delude you, to dude t e
111 d,, , and to delmie ,
s, and
stist• (,7 them to brin ‘ l'
t e House of Common
finally
tlefo!--n's in order that'orvvard some measure not
ts of
hear
tray,
in
oint tho.e who are the opponents of
ll \lre ,„nj °f filet, gain their point.—( e
_,
decd e Ileforro have no compromiserscheers.)
14_ Proposed
the
his M ' 'kr isters was in-
prouo4-ge• I believe th ajesty Bin
it
was ,
lot,: ed, felt iha -
• e people of England, when
, true than
.., e r. It Was large, but I think it was not
ill'et list the cased demanded--(Continued cheers)—and
1 con re i? not a man in the Castle-yard who will ever
Nd 4,11" Ivlth ess—sails Ld h. concluded amidst
or it ip co
tm etithlisiastic cheer'
aaig WtI•L 'Wool), Es "lg.)
Proud 4111
"W Placed 3 jai
'n
seconding the resolutions
dev est wish
_., an situation that gratifies the
fri °ted, Slid I L'i 'my heart. For fifty years I have been a
agon], of Parli '''Pe
I inaY
he allowed to add, a consistent
I stood
i_ a.,anelltary Reform....
(Cheers.) Twelve years ,
a!,aeolble.,
to o
take
.very Castle-yard, when the county '4,T
Illtioatiasing i',,,4lis_cnitn:: co Yard,
the propriety oft' was
gyre that meat 'tasteInbt an inquiry into the horrid
qui% not had taken
pace at Alanchester. At that
Sltittesti::4lofe
airnsiderate individual suggested that the
,:th°tll deliberatiorn:M i;
!arliarnent should form a feature
Zetonrtitbat it Would I, his insidious suggestion I opposeo;
il that I had
behenowa
...infto our meeting..tibe a pl
landP that
a t
jett tve Were Met f
.1 e,
b..
Ish or the purpose of considering that su
Me "uld Bove •
o, 1 it
to stn nerf
my cordial support, and here, gentle-
va4w_yo 6" progress- °' rn my duty.--(Cheers.) I rejoice
ti
lutee that education has made amongst
ofl ice to see that you are now mere and more
tiliuo ;ue .understanding the bearings of this great na-
`'Notr stton upon the interes institutions of the
tnetita Y ; arid that conseouentl o f
of our „„._ 1 y trendo the greatest argu-
pponents is removed. Many individuals,

one of them with a wish that there should be no Refroth
at all, assert that this measure is inefficient and
tiiies not go sufficiently far—bUt I say that it is an efficient Re-
form, and that it is all that we ought to pray for.—(Hear.)
I thank God that we hate nOW a king deterinfned to see the
People in possession of their rightS(LOud cheers.) The axe
is now laid at the root of the tree of corruptichi ; and, free-
holders of Yorkshire, it is your duty to strike the blow which
shall level it to the dust—firmly and fearlessly, but at the same
time generously and magnanimously.—(Great cheering for some
time,) It gives me great pleasure that a petition so temperate,
yet so strong; has been proposed Ilk your adoption by one
'alone kill ansf-er fdi its nbt ohlY respectful
out immediate attnii;::n. In te;'ii;g the Cc:rApqiiencei,wheli
may result to an inattention to our wants, bur Wishes, and
our rights, we may refer to the conduct of Government
previous to the American war.—(Hear, hear.) The principle
was then as now boldly asserted and vigorously maintained
that taxation might exist without representation—and
what was the result ! A dismemberment of that valuable
Vortion of otir territory from the sway of Great Britain.—
If thllt perofciotii priAiple is VOmitstell tii. gain ground
nott, there is no sajing to *hat ektent it may go.—
(Cheers.) You have understanding and intelligence--
and knowing your rights you know also how to maintain
thu m. We have entered into a noble warfare—it is a
warfare of u ight against might—of privileges conferred by
the Constitution against usurpation, and may God in
Heaven grant us the victory. I sscood the resolution.—
(bsud cheers.)
E. S. CAYLEY; Esq. said; Gentlemen, I rise to nose an
address tel Earl Grey and Jill Majesty "s Ministers, tifgtiiteful
thanks for their unfliching conduct, and Of earnest prayer that
they will, under no plea whatsoever, desert their country at
this anxious crisis.—(Applause.) Before reading the address,
I will, if my health permit, and with your leave, make one or
two observations.—(Hear, hear) It is impossible too deeply to
deplOre the lamentable fate of the Bill in. the HOttge of Lords:
hut I Must Cdniess that such is the Value I set up6n the attem,
pering and conservative utility of that House, as a portion of
the Legislature ; such is my respect for the warm and active
beneVolenee donr citizen aristocracy as a body, such is my
veneration for their inheritance of high and honourable feeling,
that at thls.lnothent a sensation of sorrOw for the patriotic
minority, oh account of the discredit cast upon their noble
order predominates in my mind, even over the keen indignation
I feel at the senseless, overbearing, and selfish majority, who
have been the cause of it.(Applause.) We may cheer our-
selves, however, gentlemeh, tinder the prospect, that first
thoughts are nOt always the best, and that those who refuse
obedience even to slow conviction may be brought to surrender
to a sense of shame.—(Hear, hear.) But We have greater re-
sources than these—we have more than one mainstay under the
darkness of the Cloud which Is passing over Us. We have his
own high and unconquerable firmness in the first Minister of
the King.—(Applause.) Long may he continue such.—
(Renewed applause.) We have the same great qualities
in the King himself, joined with a higher prerogative. Shall
not a patriotic King employ that privilege for freeing his people
which has too often been employed for controlling them ? Will
he not use it for the good of his people ?—(Cheers.) Shall we
not implore him to use it--and shall we not bless him for the
use of it.—(Applause.) We have, moreover, our ancient right
of petition unchecked—we have our own determined union.—
(Applause.) On these resources, and on these alone must we
rely.—(Hear, hear.) It is for justice and truth we cohtend.—:
(Applause.) Let us never forget that "truth is a victor with-
out violence."—(Hear, hear.) In these days of the conquest
of mind over matter, when the mind of the mechanic is the
god of his machine, let brute force—the savage's first law
and only argument, be the last—the latest of the last of the
resources of civilised and intellectual men—(Continued
applause.) Be assured, my countrymen, the solid fabric of
rational conviction shall tower to the heavens, when the proud
pillars of Trojan, and the haughty columns of Napoleon shall
have crumbled into dust.—(Hear, hear.) But there shall not
be wanting a fixed purpose, a direction given to the moral
energies of a great people, which shall prove to demonstration
how true it is that " knowledge is power."—(Hear.) What a
debt we owe to the spread of popular education, which, at the
same time that it has created the reasonable desire of educated
men for the franchise of freemen, has, amid the unexampled
difficulties of late years, given so temperate, or at least so
peaceful a tone, to their complaints. Let those animadvert on
popular education who will, it is enough to know that " the
learning of (even) the wicked (and I quote the words of the
greatest foe to civilization—Rousseau)—that the learning of the
wicked is still less to be feared than their brutal stupidity."
—(Applause.) In illustration of this, it was remarked that
of the convicted perpetrators of the violences of last win-
ter, I believe nine-tenths were unable to read. And how
shockingly horrible was the massacre, by the frenzied fools of
Russia, of about half a hundred physicians, under the mis-
taken notion that they had introduced among them that scourge,
cholera morbus.—(Hear, hear.) The fools who strained at a
gnat and swallowed a camel.—( Applause.) 'The scourge of their
own wretched and unmanly slavery. I have said thus much,
Gentlemen, on the subject of education, because I wished to
appeal to your proud character, as educated men, and intelli-
gent beings, no less than to your morality as Christians, to
allow knowledge and its influence alone to be the power and the
weapons by which you are to achieve the mighty conquest of
Reform.—(Hear, hear.) If wisdom be to govern, it can never
be by the first and only instrument of savage ignorance.
" There is no power upon earth (says my Lord Bacon)
that sets up a throne in the spirits of men, but knowledge
and learning' ;" and " the gates which steel exclude, re-
sistless eloquence shall enter."—(Great applause.) Let that
resistless eloquence on the present occasion be your stern, un-
bending, yet peaceful resolve—(Hear, hear)—the dignified po-
sition—the commanding fiat of an increasing—an overwhelm-
ingly increasing—majority, over a miserably decreasing mino-
rity.—(Applause.) It was observed, Gentlemen, by the
greatest orator of antiquity, thut the first requisite for oratory
was action, the second action, the third action. So for Reform
—the first is petition, the second petition, the third petition.—
(Hear, hear.) What gained the repeal of the Test and Cor-
poration Acts ? Petition.—(Applause.) What gained the
Catholic question ? Petition. What made a corrupt House
'of Commons vote its own damnation ? The power of peti-
tion.—(Applause.) The last words, therefore, that I would
impress upon you are—Petition, petition! Union and peti-
tion !—(Applause.) And on each successive occasion, you
may repeat the saying that seems to have been anticipated by a
a poet of old—" Domini cavete, dum usque sinit, tua
corrigite vota," which for those who wisely apply to
the things of life rather than to the language of the dead,
I may be excused for translating---" Lords, beware—and
while circumstances permit, correct, 0! correct your votes :"
for " though (in the emphatic language of Mr. Fox)
resistance is a right which the people should as seldom as pos-
sible remember—it is one which the Legislature should never
forget."—(Applause.) I beg to conclude, gentlemen, by moving
an address to Earl .Grey and his Administration, that they
should on no account, and on no plea whatsoever, desert their
country at this doubtful crisis! if they did, though they have
been, as we all know, benefactors hitherto, they would be
traitors then ; for we are all assembled here in stern and un-
alterable resolve, to proclaim, in a voice which shall echo to
the farthest corners of the empire, and in language which shall
not be misunderstood, that without the accomplishment of
their great measure of Reform, we shall never be satisfied :
until their Bill become the law of the land, come what will, we
will never cry content.—(Cheers.)

" TO THE RIGHT HON. EARL GREY, AND THE REST

OF HIS MAJESTY'S MINISTERS,

" We, the Nobility, Clergy, Gentry, Freeholders, and other
inhabitants of the county of York, whose names are un-
derwritten, offer our most grateful thanks to you for the
patriotism with which you have introduced, and the firm-
m!ss and patience with which you have supported a Bill
for the Reform of Parliament, founded on the principle of
extinguishing the nomination boroughs, diminishing the
expense of elections, extending the franchise to important
places hitherto unrepresented, and to a greater number of
individuals, and establishing a just balance between the agricul-
tural and commercial interests. We entreat you to stand to
your posts, notwithstanding the obloquy with which you have
been loaded, and to persevere, by every possible constitutional
means, to obtain a concurrence of the three branches of the Legis-
lature, in such a measure of effectual Reform. We assure you
that we concur with the great body of the nation, in a firm, dis-
passionate, and unalterable desire for such a measure of Reform ;
that we will, by every lawful and temperate means, perseveringly
exert ourselves to obtain that result, which is necessary to the
well-being and peace of the kingdom ; and that, notwithstanding
our present great and unprecedented disappointment, we are con-
fident that the time is not far distant, when the just wishes of
the nation, supported by the prerogative of a patriotic King,
and the exertions of an ably, an honest, and a right-judging Ad-
ministration, will triumph over the interested opposition of the
few, and the apprehensions of those who shrink at the appearance
of innovation."

J. MA RSHALL, jun., Esq., of Leeds, said that the resolu.
tion put into his hands was a vote of thanks to the House of
Commons, and to those Members of the House of Lords who
supported the Bill; and he had no doubt that it would have a
favourable reception from the present assembly; and that they
would show their grateful acknowledgements for the firm, tem-
perate, and deliberate discussion which had been bestowed on
the subject. That measure was for the moment retarded; but
it was only for a moment; if their support was but afforded in a
calm, deliberate, and persevering manner, they were sure in the
end to carry their point--(Hear, hear). The people had been ap-
pealed to on this subject last summer, and he thought that they
had returned a pretty distinct demonstration of their feelings, but
the Lords who opposed the Bill were of a different opinion; they
were sure that, a re-action had taken place in the public feeling,
and thought proper that another appeal should be made to them
on the subject; they would therefore show them that no such
change had taken place. Who then had altered their opinion ?
Was it the wealth and intelligence, the real aristocracy of the
nation ? No ; they were friends to " schedule A." The 8, cat
body of the people could never suppose that the wealthier classes
of society would separate themselves from them. The Tory
Peers might invite them to come over to their interest, but he
was certain they would not. Whatever exercise of the Royal
prerogative was necessary for the carrying of this important
question, he doubted not that every man present would sanction
it with all his heart.—(Cheers.)
Sir E. VAVASOUR said they had been told most properly
that England called on every man to do his duty. That call
was never more loud than on the present occasion ; and never
had it been answered with more prompt attention. It was in
obedience to this call that he came forward to second the
resolution. _ . _

Sir G. CAYLEY then proposed a vote of thanks to the mi-
nority in the House of Lords.
Mr. WORSLEY seconded it.
Lord MonrETH then stood forward, and was received
with deafening plaudits. After thanking the meeting, and
apologising for tl.e absence of Sir John Johnstone and Mr.
Petre, who had remained to attend their Parliamentary
duties, his Lordship proceeded as follows:--I hare called

this an important and painful crisis, and indeed 2 had hoped
when I last stood in this yard, that when we next met, it
i-)inuld be to congratulate each other upon, the success of the
Reform Bill, in assisting which; you made gtich.thigillit
ertions, and,met with such splendid sficceSs. X had hoPed
that the voice which,, at the last election, was utteied
tiy the people of England through all her large counties, and
all her populous towns, and tihich was echoed in tnostgra-
cious accents from the throne itself, would hee had' its effects
upon the House of Peers, of whom I had deemed it to be tine
highest privilege that they formed part of the people, and
were constituted for the benefit of the people.—(Cheers.) In
this hope you well lotiw vie have been most grievously dis-
4pbinted: With respeCt, however, to thsl On),(lcat of the
Peers, I, as a member of anOther branch Of the Legislaiinte;
will not permit myself to say hero before you; however
tempted by the prospect of your s:,'Mpathit and applause,
what I should have thought it my duty to refrain from riayi.4ig
in my place in the House of Commons, I therefore suppress
much that might suggest itself to my mind, and I turn
from al gloomy and angry retrospect of the past, to
that which is more prOperly the 15ro:dtin6e of,all deliberative
bodies; our prospect of the future.—.-(heeVs4
happy to think that prosh'ect upon the hole tratisfletori
and consoling. Why do I sa;;, this First, because our
gracious and stout-hearted King, mindful of the rice kom
which he springs, and worthy of the people over which
he rules, has proved himself upon this occasion, I may
state what I know to be true, more worthy than ever of
our confitlence.-Itrutiense applause.) I sly so, because
the boveCiiment bAte iil4rtfullY determined to reclean their
pledges, and at lohg at least as they retncin Iniptfice; never
to abandon their determination to give td are people a
full, fair, and efficient representation. And f Say an too;
because the House of Commons have proved themselves
Rqu illy trust-worthy in the discharge of their high and
responsible duties.—(Cheers.) I do not not know whe-
ther you are aware of what tool( pIaCC last Monday,—
(Cries of "We are not.") A resolution was moved to
the effect, that the House deeply lamented the fall of the
Reform Bill ; that the House was called upon to adhere
to the principle of the measure, and to express its confi-
dence in the integrity, ability, and ttabated seal of the
Ministers ; and this resolution was carrried by a rilajotity of
131.—(Applause.) Now, what have we for us: the King,
the Government, the representatives of the people, and the
people. Against us, is a majority in the House of Lords.
We may be told the House of Lords is an independent ;
,-branch of the Legislature, and fully entitled to the unfet-
tered exercise of Its independent privileges. This is a true
and undeniable fact ; but I would observe that the Crown
is also an independent branch of the Legislature—( Hear, I
bear)—and as I hardly think the Crown would think of
putting its veto upon the unanimous votes of the two
Houses of Parliament, so I think the House of Lords
will hardly persevere in putting its veto upon the wishes
of an united people.—(Great applause.) I am rightly
reminded from behind, that even the single branch of the
Legislature which opposes us is not united in itself ; and
I own, however painful the contemplation of the late di-
vision may be, I yet derive a gleam of satisfaction, when
I look into the list of those that voted, and see that almost
every name connected with the history, and associated
with the renown of the country, is ranged on the side of
liberal and enlightened policy.—(Cheers.) Just consider,
who was it who, in the early days of our chivalry, spread
the lustre of the English name over many a well-fought
field of France ?—a Talbot. Who was it who, a Catholic
himself, headed the fleets of Protestant Britain againt
a foreign invader ?—a Howard.—(Cheers.) Who was
it who was one of the foremost of the patriots that
first began to oppose the stretch of arbitrary pre-
rogative, and the licence of illegal exaction in tie
reigns of Elizabeth and the first Stuart ?—a Went-
worth, the ancestor of my Noble Friend, who so
largely inherits the talents and virtues of his race.—(Cheers.)
Who was it that dyed the scaffold with his blood in the cause
of English freedom ?—a Russell! Who was it who was mainly
instrumental in organising the band that drove a bigotted tyrant
from the throne of these realms, and placed upon it in its stead
a deliverer, a patriot King, and a William ? It was a Caven-
dish.—(Great cheering.) Well, then, heads of the Talbots,
the Howards, the Wentworths, the Russells, and the Caven-
dishes, I wish I could add the Herberts ; but though we have not
the head, we have a most able and distinguished member of the
family—where were ye all in the late division ?—(Hear.)
Where we should most expect to find them, on the side of
the people, in whose greatness they have so large an inheritance.
His Lordship concluded by exhorting the meeting to be firm
and persevering in their claim for Reform, and especially not to
afford their enemies any pretext, by disorderly or intemperate
conduct.

J. C. RAMSDEN, Esq. another Member for the
county, then came forward and said he was extremely
happy that they had heard so
.splendid a speech from his
Hon. Colleague, and he should be doing them a
very bad service to nullify their effect by any lengthened
observations of his own. The Hon. Gentleman in a short
but very appropriate address, expressed his devotion to the
great cause of Reform, and said that when he offered himself
for the immense county of York, it was not because of his con-
sciousness of his own personal merit that he relied for success,
but that he relied on the fact, that his own sentiments -and
theirs on this vital question were in exact accordance. He
could not boast of having advocated their wishes with the
eloquence of his Noble Friend, and some others whom he
might mention, but he could declare that he had, so far
as his vote tended to that object, given it his constant and
undeviating support.—(Cheers.) It would be doing in-
justice to himself not to say that he had incurred some
personal sacrifices, and should it he requisite he should be
equally ready to do so again.—(Great cheers.)

GEORGE STRICKLAND, Esq, was received with loud cheers.
He said—Gentlemen and brother Reformers, in returning to
you my sincere and heartfelt thanks for the kindness which
you have conferred upon me, in coupling my name with those
of my honourable colleagues for the votes that I have given in
Parliament, on the subject of Reform, I will not attempt to ad-
dress you in that burst of eloquence which has astonished and
delighted most of you, and given pleasure to all.—(Cheers,)
In that I cannot compete with my Noble Friend, but I will
not give way to him or any other man in determined zeal to
serve you on the great question of a Reform in Parliament,
and so far as my strength will permit, in a resolution never to
be absent from my post.—(Cheers.) In the support of this Bill,
with one or two exceptions, when indisposition confined me to
my room, I can truly say, that I was present at every division.
—(Cheers.) Often, gentlemen, as you have been assembled
in this Castle-yard, you never met during any crisis of more
deep and mighty importance to the welfare of this county.
Although history will point out to you, that on some former
times, when the interests of the people and the Aristocracy have
clashed together—when taxation has been resisted—unlawful
impositions been opposed—a King lost his head, and a reigning
dynasty been overthrown, but though I most firmly believe
none of these events occurred during a period so big with im-
portance as one in which you are now convened. Fifty years
ago, Yorkshire signalised itself, by sending up the most nume_
rously signed petition, in favour of this great measure, that
ever was presented to the legislature, or laid at the foot of the
throne. I mean, gentlemen, the petition known by the name
of Sir George Saville's petition.—(Loud cheers.) Now, gen_
tlemen, it has recently been asked repeatedly, " What will the
Lords do?"—(Laughter.) You have seen what the Noble
Lords, and, moreover, what the right and most reverend
Bishops have done. (Laughter.) It was then asked, " What
will the House of Commons do ?" and I will detain you a very
few moments in detailing what the real representatives of:the
people have done, taking up the subject where the Noble Lord
Morpeth left off; and then I will ask you another important
question, " What will the people do ?"—(Cheers.) The Noble
Lord has told you, with an emphasis and a power which I shall
vainly endeavour to imitate, that there is much for congratula-
tion in the past, and that the Bill is not defeated, but only de-
ferred.—(Cheers.) The symptoms pf last Monday convinced
me that the Bill will be carried, and carried, too, without the ex.
ercise, or rather the abuse of the King's prerogative, in the crea-
tion of a great number of Peers. And I will tell you why
I think so. The debate was not signalized for much eloquence,
with one bright exception. I mean the splendid, the eloquent,
the convincing, the overpowering appeal delivered by Mr. Ma-
caulay. Even though I heard Brougham's speech in the Lords,
which was called superhuman. I do believe that Mr. Macaulay
was not inferior in some brilliant part& to that delightful speci-
men of eloquence, either in the mode of delivering, the close
reasoning by which it was distinguished, or the burst of that
patriotic feeling by which it was prompted.—(Cheers.) This
may not be exactly to the question, but I did it to gratify my
own feelings, thinking it may not be unacceptable to you.
Now what delighted me roost in the proceedingi of last Monday
was, that the adherence of Ministers—the supporters of Reform
—and the friends of the people, put on a bold front—(Cheers)—
and expressed their determination—not so much by their lan-
guage as by their_manner and their spirit—to carry at all hazards
the Reform Bill triumphantly to that consummation so devoutly
wished by the people.—(Great cheering.) That they did not
seem frightened at the majority of 41 Peers and Bishops ap-
pears to me matter of congratulation. So far from being dispi-
rited, they had evidently risen with the difficulties, and this
circumstance, contrasted strongly with the appearance of
the Opposition benches—Oh, what a lamentable falling
off was there, my countrymen—(Cheers and laughter)—
the enemies of their country, the opponents of their King,
and the oppressors of the people, so far from being ele-
vated with their glorious victory—(Loud laughter)—were evi.
dently at sea.—(Cheers.) You know that this sacred
band, during the progress of the Reform Bill, happened
to be led on by Sir Robert Peel—l was going to say the
consistent Sir Robert Peel.—(Great cheering and
laughter, and .t Aye ! there you have him.") But be
seems, after all, to have been ashamed of the divided and
awkward squad behind him.--(Great laughter and cheer-
log.) He seldom came near them, and frequently allowed
them to be commanded by sergeants and corporals.—
(Continued laughter.) By the way, when I say ser-
geants, I am cot far from the mark, for there are many
lawyers amongst them.—(Great laughter.) The awkward
and blundering squad were sometimes led by a Croker,
and sometimes by that doughty Knight, Sir Charles

Wetherell.—(Laughter.) And not nat. equently h7—trhom
do you think?—the renowned Henry Hunt.—(Hissing
aHnednrc:cering.). It appeared to me, that t..ey were in such
a state of complete destitution, that that same personage,
Alac‘.ed piroge/f tt their head out of sheer
compassion.—(Great 'ughter.) I thinr, there are symp-
toms to-day *by we shot&l ript,despair. even jet of the
Lords. I have sometithei visited their tordships' House,
and I am firmly persuaded that the Victory, the important,
the celebrated victory of the 41 Peers and Bishop has not
given even Chem much more delight than it has their
nominees in the Commong.--,(Loud cheers and laughter.)
On the hit day of the debate on the seeand reading, it was
reported in every part of London, that Lord Whdrncliffe
wag going to bring forward his plan of Reform, there
was a Vast cUrio,,:t7 to hear this plan, and curiosity was
'on tiptoe as to what it wad _to be. On the same day
there wasa large meeting,, of the viciorott.: Peers, and
so much was . his Lordship's , plan admired, be-
lauded,
and bepraisetl, & ±eport states, that he could not
even muster one single supporid.-:-lihmense cheers and
laughter.) Now, I say, this splitting amongst themselves__
this disunion—this perfect want of knowing what td do
next is a i.,rtrf to my mind that they are no more pleased
with the.‘Jetay the y lia7r elbtainfd than arc their hapless Goad_
jutors in the.,Commo4—(Oieerini.s- When I talk of the cir-
emnstance att,cnding the debate, and of the rttetit Tt-ste of the
Opposition, odet to sa'y that, While the debate Wag in
progress, intelligence IVigs ,~umnrtinica'ted which vastly
lengthened the countenances of the opP)olqen'ts of Reform.
—(ltnmett,e laughter and loud cheering.) It We ascer-
tained that Lord Grey had returned from a visit to the
King, wbefe he had been received, assured of his
Majesty's firm and attachment to his Lordship
persOnall.V, and of his UnditniniSlied mittert of the present
Minist:.;—:(Ctieers for several minute's.) This; ;ittlaßl with
what I have told )"04, I believe to' have been th'e real e'arts'e tfici
appearance of the Opposition iidkbeS--4ln SpPeSraneethai I cart
only describe, by using a familiar but a teelf-known 12-ork-
' thire phrase, that they were so extremely—so ettieseively
chopfallen.--::(!enense laughter.) After your having
heard the so patiently, 2 shattld be returning your kindness
with extreme ingratitude, I should tSteining you much
longer, especially as, like the Nob:e Lord tvo receded
me, I have not been in bed for two nights.—(Louticriea
dt. "Go oni go on.") The Honourable Gentleman
then said, that at' it was their wish, he would reply
to several objections that lied been made during the
progress of the measure through the flottse of Commons,
during which he observed, that so far front the
Bill working well it worked very ill, for the gallows itself
worked well to evil doers, in proof of which he repeated
the following hell-known stanza 1—
.

Two namesakes of late, in different ways,
So laudably did bestir them;
That one was transported to Botany gay,
The other translated to Duritatii

The Hon. Gentleman then said many of the opponents
of the measure hid attacked the conductors of the Press in
a manner the most fierce and unjustifiable ; but in his opi-
nion, never in the history of the world was the Press so
well conducted as in this.—(Cheers.) Future ages would
want no other history of the important events of the pre-
sent era than a file of the present newspapers of the day.
Its influence in his opinion arose from the fact that the people
were oppressed, and when their wrongs were redressed, a
great portion of that influence would unquestionably
be annihilated, they would not advocate the measure
for Reform if they consulted their own interests in a
pecuniary point of view, for when that species of information
was exhausted, they would not have so great a demand
for their papers. But the conductors of the Press were
above such selfish considerations. They looked to the
interests of their country, and advocated the cause of the
people.—(Cheers.) He would never shrink from the
avowal of his sentiments—the d;fficulty of rooting out
the corruptions from the Lower House of Parliament, and
of eradicating the undue influence of the Peeraee and of
wealthy Commoners in elections, made him an advocate for
the ballot.—(Cheers.)
After some further short speeches, thanks were voted
to Mr. Fawkes and the Chairman. After which the
meeting, in a body, uncovered, sang " God save the King ;"
and, after giving several rounds of cheers for Reform,
quietly dispersed.

The following were the resolutions passed at the meet-
ing:—

'lst. Resolved—That a loyal and dutiful Address shall be pre-
sented to his Majesty, on his patriotic sanction of the Bill for
amending the Representation of the People in Parliament, and
on the reception which the Bill has met with in the House of
Lords; and that the Address now read be adopted as the Ad-
dress of this Meeting.

2d. Resolved—That an Address shall be presented to Earl
Grey, and the rest of his Majesty's present Ministers, on their
patriotic, able, and judicious conduct in respect to the Reform
Bill ; and that the Address now read be adopted as the Address
of this Meeting.

3d. Resolved—That the cordial thanks of this Meeting be given
to the Honourable the House of Commons, for having patiently
discussed, and ultimately passed the before-mentioned Bill, and
also to such of the Peers as have voted in favour of it ; and that
it is the most earnest wishes and entreaty of this Meeting, that
they-will steadily persevere by every constitutional means to ob-
tain the passing of that

4th. Resolved—That the cordial thanks of this Meeting be
given to our four County Members, for their patient and ener.
getic exertion to forward the progress of the Bill.
sth. Resolved—That these Resolutions shall be signed by the
Chairman, as the act of this Meeting, and a Copy thereof be
transmitted by him to Earl Grey and to Lord Althorp, and that
the Addresses to his Majesty and his Ministers shall be eircu•
lated for signatures throughout the County, under the superin-
tendance of a Committee, and shall then be taken to London, by
F. H. Fawkes, Esq.
6th. Resolved—That the following Gentlemen be a Committee
for that purpose; with power to add to their number, and to ap-
point Sue-Committees.
7th. Resolved—That a Subscription be now entered into, to
defray the necessary expenses of preparing and completing the
Addresses, and of advertising the proceedings.
Bth. Resolved—That the thanks of this Meeting be given to
F. H. Fawkes, Esq., for the active zeal, the eloquent appeals,
and the important services he has rendered towards convening
and promoting the objects of this Meeting.
9th. Resolved—That the thanks of this Meeting be given to
the Chairman.

Our Express did not leave York till nearly half-
past ten o'clock on Wednesday night, and having
travelled through She meld, Derby, &c., a distance
of two hundred and twenty-three miles, did not
reach the Office till past six o'clock last night—
at a time when our printers were engaged with the
Liverpool and Manchester Meetings. The Cow.
sequence was that some delay took place in forward-
ing our Third Edition, from ►he confusion some
of the speeches were unfortunately transposed in
the hurry of getting out the Paper. But for de-
lays over which we had no controul on the
road, more especially at York and Derby, our Ex-
presses would have been much earlier in London.
All the large towns through which we passed were
settling down into tranquillity and confidence.—
[ED. SUN.]

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
CORN EXCHANGE.
Our arrivals of English Grain this week are moderate, and of
Beans, and Pease, no alteration. Oats find buyers
Foreign not large. The Wheat trade since Monday has been
aifolreyal: sorts, but superfine parcels fully support last rates.
dull
nulßl
slowly, but for such as are in good condition Monday's prices are
maintained. Flour remains undecided.
ARRIVALS.
I Wheat. Barley. I Oats. I Flour.
English 3,237 qrs. 2,384 qrs. 806 qrs. B,277sacks
Irish 1,360 157 925
Foreign ..... 1,150 - - - brls.

SMITHFIELD MARKET.
andTh iins.dcaalyv'esrssu,pup,alys :)ofienrraidhdlylinngumanedroiunsfe;rioofrpßreimasetsß,
ellasfiltcsh,
sChoeewps:
fat Calves, and Porkers, rather limited. The trade with each
kind of prime meat was somewhat brisk, with that of middling
and inferior quality very dull, at little variation from Monday's
prices. Mich Cows dilly supported their last week's prices, an
Useful short horns producing from 19/. to 201.
MIMES PER STONE OF ISLES. TO SINK THE OFFALS.
S. d. to s. d. s. d. to a. d.
Inferior Beasts ...... 2 0 2 4 Large Lambs 0 0 0 0
second quality ditto 2 6 210 Prime small ditto 0 0 0 0
Prime largo Oxen... 3 6 3 8 Large coarse Calves 3 6 4 0
prime Scots, 3 8 4 0 Prime small ditto 4 6 410
inferior Sheep....,, 2 6 210 Large Hogs 4 0 4 2
Second quality ditto 3 0 3 4 Small Porkers 4 8 5 0
Coarse-woolled ditto 310 4 2 Suckling Calves 12s. to 45e. tad'.
S ruthdown We thers 4 4 4 6, Quarter old Pigs 12s. to 18s. each.
SUPPLY, AS PER CLERK'S STATEMENT.
Beasts. 'Sheep and Lambs. I
Calves. Pigs.
I 852 I 4,729 268 l5O

NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS.
At per atone' by the Carcass.
a. d. to s. d. a. d. to s. (I.
See( ................. ... 2 4 3 fi Veal 1
Mutton... ............ 2 6 4 2 Pork . 3 8 5 2

ROTHERA Al.—.A requisition was on Tuesday
numerously and respectably signed, requesting the Greave
of the Feofees to call an early meeting of the inhabitants
,)f the town and neighbourhood, for the purpose of ad-
dressing his NIAJESTY to continue his confidence in his
present Ministers, and to adopt such other effectual and
constitutional measures as will tend to promote the cause
of Reform,

Accounts from Alexandria to the end of
August, received by way, of France, state that the cholera
morbus was spreading' with fearful rapidity in Egypt.—
At Cairo the deaths amounted every day to 500, and 'n
Alexandria 77 persons had already fallen victims to the
disease. The Pacha had taken refuge on board of one of
his frigates, and was cruising off the port of Alexandra.
Trade was nearly at a stand in consequence of this calamity.
CHOLERA.—We regret to hear there 18 a
strong reason to apprehend that a case of Indian cholera
has appeared in this town within the present week, and
terminated fatally.--..Birmindiam Journal.

raicas OF roKEIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds
Brazilian Eotlds • 431 i 3
uelos Ayres .....
Ct Man Bonds
Colombian Bonds
DIU?, 1A44
Oanisti ."tiff
Greek Bondg..Hum.• —l
Ditto 1825 ••••••••••Illffiffeft• 19,
Guatirnala.. •
Mexican Bond'
situ% 18-25...».».».....35 4% 5

cur L. 4,1*.
WOW*

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 14, 1831.

The fact to which our attention was yesterday
called by Lord StlutsysnutY, that out of nineteen
Catholics in the House of Commons only one, and
out of nine Catholic Peers only one in like manner,
was to be found to vote against Reform—is certainly
remarkable, as a strong proof in contradiction of the
vulgar error that supposes Catholicism to be essen-
tially hostile to liberty. The many respectable in-
dividuals of the middle classes who were accustomed
to regard the Catholics with a sort of fear before the
passing of the Relief Bill, should now look on what
has been the conduct of the Catholic Members in
both Houses, and satisfy themselves of the ground-
leeisness of the apprehensions that used to be enter-
tained of the indisposition of the Catholics for free
institutions. The Catholics have shewn themselves
to be on the side of the people, and that they arc
fully alive to the importance.of improving, in accord-
ance with the spirit of the times, those institution
which, in the days of our Catholic forefathers, wen
devised for the security of the national liberties in an
age altogether different from that in which we live
It would, indeed, be rather too absurd for the English
to charge Popery with an especial hostility to
freedom, when they have before their eyes the mon-
strous spectacle of the bench of Protestant Bishops,
by law established, mustering their whole force for
the maintenance and perpetuity of corruption and
hand. The whole history of the Church does not
afford a more monstrous instance of worldly-
mindedness than the opposition of the Bishops to
the reforming Government which the country is at
last happy enough to possess. They have acted on
the principle which has brought so much calumny
on the Jesuits for centuries—that of doing evil that
good may come, to put the mildest intrepretation cm
their conduct. They shrewdly suspect that Reforn
in the State is a pretty sure forerunner of Reform in
the Church, and so, to avert what, in their eye'
(though certainly not in the nation's) would be a
calamity, they have lent themselves to the rejection
of a measure against which not one of them hat.
offered the shadow of an argument. It is with pain
that we speak in the language of seeming disrespect
of the persons who compose the Protestant
Hierarchy; but if those who bear sacred names, and
profess sacred callings, refuse to support the cause
of truth, and attempt to cover knaves and jobber,.
with the shield of religion, there can be no useful-
ness in concealing our disgust at such conduct.
Those who abet corruption, outrage honesty; those
who serve Mammon, cannot serve Gon.

In the House of Commons last night Lord JOHN
RUSSELL, in reply to a question put by Mr.
TREVOR, formally announced that Earl HOWE had
resigned his office as Chamberlain to the QUEEN.
Sir C. WETHERELL'S motion for a Special Commis
sion, to enquire into the late disturbances at Not-
tingham, was of course negatived, but not until the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman had made one of his
most signal displays of absurdity. The considera-
tion of the Bankruptcy Court Bill was again post-
poned.

Amongst the orders of the day in the House of
Commons, we find the Spring Guns Bill announced
for a second reading this evening. We hope Mi-
nisters will allow this Bill to stand over to next"
Session. They may rely on it—and we throw
out this intimation merely by way of a friendly
hint—that it is extremely unpopular, and will
wholly fail of effect. It is defective in principle,
will be still worse in practice, and for one guilty in-
dividual that it punishes, will injure ten innocent
ones. The incendiary will deride its terrors, for,
we fear, he will be beyond their reach. Besides,
there is something in the very name and nature of
the Bill extremely repulsive to the feelings of Eng.
lishmen.

By the Prussian State Gazelle it would appear
that the last hope of independence for Poland is at
an end, as the shattered remains of the army have
requested and received permission to retire into
Western Prussia, and lay down their arms there.
AMSTEROAII' OCT. 11.
Actual Debt, 2% per 37 to 37%
Amort Syndic, 45% per cent 57 to 58
Ditto, ditto, 3% per cent
Exchange on London.
Two Months a.. ll-85.

Lord MELVILLE had an interview this morn-
ing with Lord PALMERSTON at the Foreign-office, as also
had Prince TALLEYRAND.

An official communication has been made by
the Ministers of Foreign Affairs at Brussels, that the King
of IioLLAND, after holding a Council, had agreed to pro-
long the armistice to the 25th October, at noon.
The Ministers have determined, previously
to the prorogation, to carry through such Bills as are not
any longer objected to, and which have nearly gone, through
all their stages ; so that it is now calculated that the pro-
rogation will take place on Friday.
Under the apprehension of a disturbance at
the West end of the town, several ladies of high rank have
caused their valuable jewels to be removed from their own
mansions to places of greater safety.

ELECTION FOR LORD MAYOR.
(THIS DAY.)

A Com Mort Wks this day in consequence of Alder
?NU, Thorpe's refine) to fill the Civic Chair, for the purpose off-
re-eletting,two.fit and proper person: tto be seturaed to the Court
of Aldermen, l'of.ifine to be efintort by tlrem as Lord Mayor for
'the year ensuifft.
,JAt one o'clock, tie Lord. Mayor, aga,,,,,,,wied by the City
:,7Allibears, Aldermen, and others, took the Chair;
Mr. Z. I'EARSON adCrrnietf the Livery. ,'Where was net the
slightest deCeein or disguise' Piattised by those who had elected
tlbe Lord Mayor. Nit little was ,/t supposed, alter the resolu-
tions passed, that the Court of Aldermen would have put them
Ito the necessity of adoptiffithe present Morse. Thank Heaven,
11,0:ffever, they were not withsnt either ceinesly or precedent.
Tr.bre Was a remedy by which factory AMennen would be
inotight fo eller Mises. Another Mittman (T;:otnpson), with
Sir john Key, woad, he had not the slighSest doubt, be elected
by the Livery/ aid if the court of Aldernien again thwarted
the wishes of the Livery by his election, be -would re..ign in
1 favour of the Lord Mayotr,as Alderman Thorpe had done. If
any other Alderman was pry tlki ((ant Vas anticipated Akterrikui
Waitthmati` would be nominated) for the purpose of fighting'
t%nder talse dotal's, it would be Uri (*respect to him not to bold
un theit• habits in' Pis favour. He therefore hoped that Sir .1.
Key and AltiorMap:Thcitirpson would be retsOnied.—(Cheers.)
Alderman TROMPSON presented himself; and requested that
the Livery would not sanction or support his nomination.—
(lr._rressions of .disapprobafiDn.)
Alderman WA ITHMA ft would not commit himself to any
party. He ;Lae told that this question was one Pi public principle,
but he was not fa he made a tool of by any party, and would not,
for any consideration, stand as candidate. They were called on to
return two fit and proper persons ; but what had been done ?
When it was so necessary that all men should he united, 2,700
men had I-von branded as Anthltelormers.—(.. No, no !") He
ssould not, then-fore, sanction any party proceeding by consent..
in g to become a candidate.
The Lord Mayor and Aldermen then, according to custom,
withdrew.
The Lord Mayor and Aldermen then retired, and the Com-
mon Serjetnt and Sheriffs came forward, and read the names
of the Aldermen next in rotation to fill the Civic Chair. On Sir
Peter Laurie's name being mentioned, the Hall resounded with
cheers and hisses.
Mr. S'l'E V E.:s then came forward, and proposed the Lord Mayor
and Mr, Alderman Thompson, amidst the most enthusiastic
cheering. If the Livery elected any ether person than the Lord
Mayor, the Court of Aldermen had beaten them, but if they
elected him, the link House of Lords of the City of London—
(Cheers)—would be aware that the Livery were not to be dic--
toted to by them.—(Cheers.)
Mr. GALLOWAY seconded the nomination.

On the name of Sir Peter Laurie being put in nomination,
hisses and groans proceeded from all parts of the Hall, and hardly
a single hand was held up. The cheering and enthusiastic
shouti which reverberated throughout the Hall, on the names of
the Lord Mayor and Mr, Alderman Thompsonbeingput in nomi-
nation, were deafening In the extreme, and the "hew of hands
presented a most picturesqueappearanee.
The SHERIFF then declared the two latter Ontlemen duly
elected.

A poll was demanded on behalf of Sir Peter Laurie by Mr.
Artois'. and Mr. Ban Mew, amidst loud groom end hisses.
Mr. PEARSON also demanded a poi/on behalf sir the Lord
Mayor and Mr. Alderman Thompson.
The Sheriff then proceeded to the Court of Aldermen to in.
form them of the opinion of the Livery, but the polling had
nit commenced when our reporter left at half-past twe o'clock.
