The Chamber opened at a quarter to eleven o'clock, and
the proceedings of the preceding day having been read and
approved, the committee charged with the examination of
the draught of the criminal code reported to the Estate
that they had agreed to commence their labours with the
consideration of that part of the draught which relates to
the formation of causes and the course of proceeding.
Senor Lopez, one of the committee, said, that after a
prolonged examination they had come to the determination
of commencing with the fourth book. The reason of
adopting this resolution might easily be conceived. The
criminal code and that'of the instruction of processes were
entirely distinct. The scale of crimes and punishments
had no necessary connection with the legal system of pro-
cess ; hence it was found that every nation of mo-
dern times had acknowledged the advantage of em-
bodying them in different codes. The committee had
looked in proposing this order of examination to the
urgent and the necessary, and these principles, they
thought, pointed at the formation of a code of pro-
cesses which should unite precision to justice, in accord-
ance with the intelligence of the age. Such had been the
rule of all legislators, to consult the rights which men should
enjoy in private life, and to defend innocence from calumny
and violence. Every criminal code, a celebrated author had
said, ought as far as possible to relieve the innocent from
all dread, to deprive the guilty of all hope, and to render
the judges incapable of committing injustice. The subject
naturally being of great extent, embracing as it did a great
variety of considerations, would require a protracted exami-
nation and a considerable portion of time to bring it to a
conclusion. The committee had every wish to present the
result of their labours to the Estate with all expedition, and
he (Senor Lopez) could assure the Chamber that those la-
bours would not be built upon vain theories, but on those
solid grounds which would-corroborate individual security,
by freeing it from persecution, calumny, and the abuse of
power.

The report of the committee was then put to the vote
and approved of.
After some conversation, a discussion arose on the sub-
ject of the cholera rnorbus, in the course of which Martinez
de la Rosa gave some account of the measures adopted by
the Government to prevent the spread of that malady. In
Madrid, he remarked, the good effect of the precautions
had been more observable than in other parts of the coun-
try which were not so immediately under the eye of the
Government.

The draught of a law on the responsibility of the judges
having been read,
The President of the Council of Ministers, in the ab-
sence of the Minister for Grace and Justice, said that the
Guvernment congratulated themselves on having complied
on this subject with the desire expressed by the Procura-
dores in their address on the speech from the throne. Her
Majesty was sensible of the necessity of organizing the ju-
dicial power on solid bases. If it was necessary that the
judges should be invested with a sufficient degree of inde-
pendence to serve as a shield against the caprices or arbi-
trary interference of the executive authority, it was not less
necessary that they should be subject to a severe respon-
sibility. In order to solve the difficult problem of recon-
ciling these opposite objects, her Majesty's Government
appointed a committee, the result of whose labours is now
submitted to the Procuradores in the present draught.
The draught was ordered to be printed.and distributed,
and was in the mean time referred to the Committee on
the Criminal Code.

The Observator of Madrid continues to support, not
merely the financial scheme of M. de Toreno, but the more
severe one which is expected from the committee. " Let
us," says this journal of the 24th ult., "go back to the ori-
gin of the Royal loans. To what are we indebted for the
creation of these loans ?—To the invasion of 1823. What
imposed upon Spain the necessity of contracting them ?
The invasion of 1823. What ruined our credit, our re-
sources, and our commerce ? What put weapons into the
hands of the working classes ? What was it that per-
mitted tyranny and fanati,i.la .to rend the heart of the
country ?—The invasion of 1R23.., Whenever France has
been reproached with this impious war, which posterity will
cover with obloquy, what was the reply ?—That it was not
France which made war upon Spain, but the slavery of the
Holy Alliance, their common enemy, and no reparation was
due from the country to Spain for an unjust war carried on
in opposition to its wishes and its interests. We will say,
in return, it was not Spain that contracted the loans sub-
sequently to 1823. It was the slaves of despotism,
ourcommon enemies, and we owe no reparation to leaders
whose contracts were made in opposition to our will
and our interests. We must admit that it was France
which overthrew our Constitutional Government, with
French money, French arms, French soldiers, and French
generals, or we must udmit that it was not Spain which
contracted the Royal loans. It is impossible to escape this
dilemma. Spain will refund the loans when France shall
have repaired the misfortunes and the injuries inflicted by
her invasion. What was the answer of the French Go-
vernment when the citizens complained of being ruined by
the refugal to recognise the Cortes Bonds ?—That nobody
was to blame but themselves ; that they should have fore-
seen the fate of their debtor • that it was not a Cabinet. ques-
tion ; that the Spanish Government was, as far as con-
cerned the loan, to be considered as a banking-house only,
and that France could not mix itself up with matters of
this description. Let the Government give the same an-
swer now to the holders of Royal Securities." The Ob-
scrvador of the 25th says :—" The French journals no
longer manifest the same hostility to our financial situa-
tion. They probably begin to perceive that their cries and
their abuse can in no respect influence the measures of jus-
tice which our Chambers are about to adopt." The Ob-
nie 6n s servator, resuming this important question in its number of
t
Finance with ignorance and bad faith, go the
length of
that if the Chamber should adopt his pro-
position, France
ce will employ force to obtain justice of the
Spanish
Government. If these senseless mortals, who
a
charged to propagate such absurd reports, were
summoned to quote the treaties which bind the two
Governments on this question, they would assuredly be
greatly embarrassed. We must again repeat, that in 1823 a
foreign army came into Spain in order to destroy the national
sovereignty ; that the Spanish Government, deprived of all
credit and all consideration, was constrained to employ
agents whose immorality was equal to the task of wresting
money from the capitalists, and who, after having stripped
unnumbered victims, could only hope to escape the ven-
geance of the law by saying, with Petit-Jean, Il est vrai
q'ua Monsieur je rendais quelque chose.' As the point at
issue is merely a question of private interests, we shall here
advert to the principles which should serve as a guide. M.
de Villele, under the influence of the party wich over-
threw the constitution, authorized by a Royal ordinance of
the 12th of November, 1823, the negotiation of Spanish
loans, but with this qualification Considering that the
permission to quote the public securities of foreign Govern-
ments at the Paris Exchange does not imply on the part
of Government an approval of the Said loans, or an obliga-
tion to intervene in favour of such of our subjects as may
voluntarily invest their capital in them,' &c. Before M.
de Villele had promulgated these principles, the late Lord
Castlereagh had announced to the English speculators, who
had ventured more than 100,0001. sterling in South Ame-
rica, that whatever might be the fate of these speculations,
the Government would become no party to the question.
Messrs. Dupin and Odillon Barrot have on other occasions
expressed their approval of these principles. What,Nothing—absolutelybecomes of such absurd reasonings ? Nothing—absolutely
nothing--except that men, who are powerful by their
wealth
and social position, employ their influence with a
view to constrain our Government to impose enormous
burdens on Spain, .for the purpose of consolidating in their
bands the treasure which they have scandalously obtained.
The question being thus reduced to its proper terms, it re-
mains for the Chambers, in their wisdom and patriotism, to
examine whether the Government be or be not legally
bound,—whether public interest can possibly require the
sanction of such great iniquity,—and, finally, whether the
rejection of these engagements can in any measure compro-
mise the national honour."

ORIGINAL LETTER OF MR. WESLEY.---To Mr.
William Percival, at Newcastle-upon-Tyne :—" Dear Billy—
You cannot be too watchful against evil speaking, or too zea-
lous for the poor Church of England. I commend sister Per-
cival for having her child baptised there, and for returning
o
public thanks. By all means go to church as often as you can,
was.' Loßnydonur,
and exhort all Methodists so to do. They that are enemies to
the Church are enemies to me. I am a friend to it, and ever
with love
con-
tracting an hatred for forms of prayer, which would naturally
Freeba.diln7g,plr7aBy7e.r,s, we prevent our people's
if I am,
wed'teehaoradlwa.Batiyi
Arlsyp,argyao.y:ersdaeptfreex.ctetimonpaotree.b—ro
.6 J. WESLEY."

(From the Papers of Tuesday.)
A meeting of the holders of Spanish securities was held
on Saturday in the Rue de la Victoire, No. .52., when the
following resolution was agreed upon :—" The undersigned
holders of Spanish Rentes, naturally alarmed by the enor-
mous depreciation which these securities have recently un-
dergone, and fearfully anticipating the fatal consequences of
the course which the Spanish Government has just taken,
have assembled in order to deliberate on the means of
averting the ruin which awaits them. Considering the
numerous meetings which have taken place in London and
in other cities—considering that the proposals of reduction
made by the Spanish Government do not affect the debts
contracted towards the English and French Cabinets,
doubtless because these Cabinets would not hesitate to
enforce their rights, but that they sacrifice without
mercy the other creditors, who, being insulated in re-
spect to each other, are unable to dispose of a force
like that of the French and English Governments, for the
purpose of securing what is due to them,—considering that
the bringing into one focus all the separate individual
claims, whether of the Exchange of Paris or elsewhere,
would create a strength of opinion calculated to enlighten
the Spanish Government respecting the disastrous effects of
its proposals to its creditors,—it has appeared, after long
discussion, most highly expedient to appoint a mandatory of
well-known capacity, and one whose high social position
would enable him to exercise a powerful influence on the
measures of the Spanish Government. Several names
having been successively proposed, that of M. Mauguin,
member of the Chamber of Deputies, formerly batonnier of
the Order of Advocates and President of the Committee
of Delegates from the Colonies, appeared to obtain general
approbation. Some persons having been to inquire of that
gentleman whether he would consent to accept a mission
of this sort, M. Mauguin answered that he must affix two
conditions to his acceptance of it. The first was, that the
act should be approved by a large number of the holders of
Spanish securities ; a'nd the second, that his functions should
be gratuitously performed. M. Mauguin does not hesitate
on account of the necessity, perhaps indispensable, of going
to Madrid to realize the wishes of the undersigned. The
conditions of M. Mauguin have been accepted, and it has
been decided that copies of the present resolution shall be
made for the purpose of being submitted to all the holders
of Spanish securities for their signatures."—Messager des
Chambres.

Several of the journals having mentioned rumours of a
new Cabinet being about to be formed, of which-M. Dupin
as well as Marshal Gerard, would form a part, the Impar-
tial states that it has it in its power to declare that these
reports are at least premature.
" It is known," says the Quotidienne, "that the British
Government has sent Colonel Caradoc to the head-quarters
of Rodil, the official character of whose mission is not
clearly shown. The Russian Cabinet, however, has thought
itself sufficiently warranted by the example to despatch to
the head-quarters of the King, Don Carlos, a staff officer,
charged with a mission similar to that of Colonel Caradoc.
The Russian officer has arrived at his destination."
The Indicateur of Bordeaux of the 30th ult. has the fol-
lowing from Bayonne of the 28th :—" The Junta of Navarre,
in the night of the 25th, not thinking it safe in Elisondo,
retired into the Aldudes, having left Don Carlos, who then
occupied Eguy. During the night a detachment of Queen's
troops and some urbans marched to that point, but the Junta,
having received timely intimation, was obliged to fly, and is
said to be gone to Maya. Two soldiers of the Royal
Guard, made prisoners by the Carlists, entered into the
service as guides of Zumalacarregui, but on a recent occa-
sion, finding themselves near the frontier, they deserted,
and were brought under escort into our town. They
beg to be allowed to return to Spain and enter into the
Queen's service. One Latemendi, who had the intention

of assassinating Don Carlos, has been shot. ~ He confessed,
on going to the place of execution, that he passed through
this town. In the pursuit of the insurgents Rodil causes all
their stragglers whom he captures to be immediately shot."
The Memorial des Pyren&s of Pau has the following
from Behobia of the 25th ult. :—" Erin.). of cannon in the
direction of St. Sebastian has been heard since yesterday.
We are in hourly expectation of some arrival from that
quarter, by which we shall learn whether any engagement
has taken place between the troops of Rodil and Don' Car-
los, who has returned to that point. The Constitutional
troop crown all the heights of the Bastan. El Pastor has
received a reinforcement, and has now under his orders
about 5,000 men, and has been instructed to pursue Don
Carlos. There are nearly 1,000 insurgents at Urdach.
They seem to have assembled for the purpose of diverting
the attention of the enemy, for this war of guerillas is more
particularly a war of stratagem and cunning. It is more than
ever reported that the Pretender is greatly discouraged by the
slow progress of his affairs. He expected a general rise in his
favour, more especially in the interior. He is so much the
more grieved at his position, for, if he should not be able to
advance before the winter, he will at that period be under
the necessity of establishing himself in the midst of the
mountains. Repose would be more fatal to him than his
wandering life ; in the former his army would be reduced
by desertion." This journal adds—" We learn from Al-
dudes, under date of the 24th, that Rodil is actively pur-
suing the insurgents. His advanced guard is at Arragos,
a village of the valley of Bastan, situated at half a league
from Elisondo. The Junta have evacuated the latter place,
and are concealed in some barn among the mountains which
separate us from the valley. It was presumed that last
night Don Carlos slept at Eguy." A letter from St. Jean-
Pied-de-Port, of the 25th, says—" Yesterday and to-day
numerous detachments of the 18th Light Infantry marched
to the different passes of the frontiers of the two cantons of
St. Jean Pied-de-Port and of Baygorry. This movement
was called for by that of the belligerent troops of Navarre.
On the 23d, Rodil occupied Elisondo with several batta-
lions. Don Carlos and his partisans had, a few hours be-
fore, evacuated this little town and the whole valley of Bas-
tan, from which places they went to Burguetta. It is
asserted that the' Pretender slept at Eguy, and that yester-
day he was at Roncesvaux."
The Augsburg Gazette of the 29th ult. contains the fol-
lowing from the banks of the Danube, dated the wth
" The rebellion which has broken out against the dominion
of the Egyptians in Syria, in which the Turkish inhabitants
took a part, naturally excited in Constantinople an anxious
desire to profit by the opportunity of overthrowing Mehe-
met Ali, but all the European diplomatists have remon-
strated against this project. The Minister of Russia even
declared that an attack of the Sultan on Meheme t Ali
would not entitle him to claim the assistance of 11;s Court by
virtue of the treaty of July 8, 1833, which was oniy of a
defensive nature. This declaration, supported by pacific
counsels, has been successful in changing the resolutions of
the Sultan. This unanimity of the Imperial Court and those
of Paris and London augurs well, and must show the futi-
lity of all the prophecies of war, and the falsehoods of ma-
levolent insinuations respecting the intentions of Russia."
The same journal has the following of the 19th ult., from
Rome L--" Since the disastrous events occasioned at Madrid
by the appearance of the cholera, when so many priests were
assassinated by the people, we begin to look upon Spanish
affairs in a new light. It was before imagined that the only
enemies to the church were the Government and the Libe-
rals. There now seems to be a tendency towards reconcilia-
tion with the Queen Regent, who has expressed to the Holy
See her regret at what has occurred. Our Diario has ex-
aggerated the number of priests who have perished. The
Queen is said to have solicited the Popes consent to a mo-
derate reform of the clergy of Spain, and a recommendation
to that body on the part of the head of the church to ac-
knowledge and obey the Government. The Queen under-
takes to protect the property of the church. The renewed
appearance of the cholera in so many towns has excited ap-
prehensions lest it should be propagated in Italy, and mea-
sures of precaution have been taken. The spacious palace
of Latran had already been destined for an hospital by the
late Pope, but the epidemic not having at that period de-
dared itself here the preparations were suspended. It is
expected that shortly all ships coming from Spain and
France will be subjected to quarantine ; even now, certifi-
cates of health are required for passing the frontiers."
The Swabian Mercury gives the following from the banks
of the Vistula, dated August 18 :—" Hitherto no confis-
cation has been made within the kingdom of Poland, pro-
perly so called. The estates and effects of Prince Czar-
torysky, and the other Polish nobles, who, in consequence
of their participation in the insurrection, have fled into
foreign countries, still remain under sequestration only,
which gives rise to a hope that in case at a future day these
personages should be pardoned, their property will be re-
stored either to themselves or to their heirs. On the other
hand, however, we are assured that all the property seized
within the Polish provinces that had been united to Russia
has been confiscated. The amount in value has been stated
at 100,000,000 rubles, but this estimate appears to be
greatly exaggerated."
The departmental papers continue to give distressing ac-
counts of the disasters occasioned in different parts of the
country by violent storms, from which great loss of property,
and in many instances loss of life, has ensued. Inth:
f
neighbourhood of Lyons, the small river Giers, which all
