fie --1-tl.l,

WITH WHICH
THE c, TRUE SUN " IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
THURSDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 4, 1838.

bogtik to ti,e tt,„ „,riertqViiEr, conla rtt

5,0 tr-pv,loyed ez,•Pitted his tssk with
fidelity—m;(l actually surpassed the expectations
of the trade in the result of his labours, is
only justice to admit ; but to suppose he or any
other individual could, employing workmen inimi-
cal to his success, lay before the Board of Trade
results of sufficient validity to serve as a guide for a
fiscal rezulation, which was to embrace an imincnsc
sum of money, was the very height of absurd tv.
fact is, the costly experiment turned out to b?. a
mser-
able failure, which the Right Hon. Gentleman him-
self acknowledged to the House in the spring of this
year ; and which the following extract from his letter
to the Lords of the Treasury, dated 17th March,
1838, confirms :—" This uncertainty (namely, in the
results required) is not attributable to any want of due
care on the part of Dr. UttE, but to influences of an
adverse nature, which are so far suspected by him as
greatly to impair his confidence in the conduct of the
operatives whom he employed, and which leads him to
think that that the result obtained by him falls short of
the truth." What does the Right Hon. C. P. THOM-
sox next do? How does he help himself out of the mire
into which he had voluntarily immerged? Why, he does
that which he might have done before, after entailing on
the country the extravagant charges of his pet experiment ;
he seeks information from the refiners themselves, who
he assures us opened their books for his inspection.
Let the letter above quoted again speak, " various
statements have been made to them (the Board of
Trade) confidently of the results of different workings
in different sugar houses. These statements hare
been accurately taken from the books of the parties,—

(by whom ?)—who could have no interest mislead-
ing the Board—(what credulity !)—and least of all,
in the sense of exaggerating the produce."
Is it possible that the President of that Board,
from which emanates the fiscal regulations, that govern
the commerce of this mighty empire, should pin his
faith on information so procured, and actually proceed
to legislate upon it ; or did he find it expedient to pre-
tend to believe these statements, and to stamp upon

them the appearance of truth, in order to appease the I
angry feelings of the people? We will proceed to quote
further from the aforesaid letter, because what follows
will clearly demonstrate the quantum of reliance which
ought to have been placed on the information of those
from whom the President of the Board of Trade
obtained the data for his after computations, and our
readers will not fail to remark that this quotation con-
tains a very singular admission. It appears that one of
those refiners, who supplied the President of the Board
of Trade with copies of their books, was serious in his
confessions, and really did let the cat out of the bag. To
avoid the suspicion that we are endeavouring to establish
a case, we again extract froin the letter :—‘. It is to
be remarked, however, that none of these results thus
confidentially communicated—(by the refiners)—exhi-
bited a less bounty in any material degree, than Dr.
Unit's did; whilst one of them, and the most important
by far, shows an amount of bounty far exceeding any
thing produced by that gentleman." The letter then
proceeds to give the particulars of this sugar refiner's
return, (too long for insertion here,) the results of which
prove as clearly as figures can prove, that for each ten
pounds paid for duty, the bounty law would give back
151.—the total figures standing thus 10,9451. paid for
duty, and 15,9111. receivable for bounty. The letter
then makes an effort to throw discredit on this state-
ment, by roundly asserting that it is rather to be taken
as an experiment than as coming within the ordinary
course of working of sugar refiners. The duty on all the
British Plantation Sugar, refined by Dr. U RE, in his
nine months' experiment, would not exceed 500/. ; and
yet, because it may suit the purpose of the President
of the Board of Trade, the work, which occupied the
honest refiner three months only, and exceeded in bulk
the work of the Government refinery twenty-fold, is to
be sneered at, and classed as an experiment—the
money turned in the one instance being under 1,0001.,
and in the other upwards of 20,0001. ! ! Whoever

On hastily casting our eyes over the Pension List,
we have been struck with the sight of names which
we never should have expected to see there, connected
as they are with ideas of wealth and prosperity.
What claim, for instance, has the widow of Dr.
LLOYD to a pension of 2001. a year, when her hus-
band was Preacher at Lincoln's-inn, Regius Pro-
fessor of Divinity at Oxford, Mathematical
Lecturer and Tutor at Christchurch ; and
—to crown all—Bishop of OXFORD ! One
would have imagined, that out of his bishopric at
least, if not out of his other preferments—whose
name is Legion—the Learned Doctor might have
accumulated a sum sufficient to rescue his wife from
the painful necessity of having recourse to a fund,
intended only for the relief of those who are fitting
subjects of public sympathy and assistance t Again,
we find the Widow Nasx on the same list. And
yet this lady is the wife of the celebrated architect who
is supposed to have earned more money in his lifetime
than any member—not excepting even old SOANE—
of his very lucrative profession' Mr. NASH, it may
be remembered, was for many years GEORGE the
FOURTH'S favourite architect—indeed, one of the
most thriving and fashionable builders of his
day—whose castle at West Cowes is, or was,
a mansion fit for Royalty ; yet here is his widow
fixed on the Pension List for an annual sum of
one hundred pounds, which is more than Mrs. GRANT
gets in her eighty-third year, although she is one of
the most sterling writers of the day, and has never had
the opportunity of securing a lasting independence !
Air. SPRING RicE should have closely examined
into these matters, before he praised himself and his
colleagues so highly for the care with which they had
weeded out the Pension List.

heard of an individual laying out a sum of 20,0001.

The celebrated Resolution for gagging the Congress
of the United States upon the question of Slavery in
the South-Western States of the Union, has, we are
happy to learn, rather increased than diminished the
growing conviction of the American people of the ne-
cessity of erasing this blot from their social institu-
tions. All persons of reflection among them became
at once aware of the monstrosity of an evil which
would not bear being discussed by the Representatives
of the Republic; and hence the very silence of
the Legislature tended to stimulate the public mind
to undertake a more careful investigation of the
repulsive details of this question. As the first ex-
citement died away —as the angry passions of
the slave-holding States, roused by what they con-
ceived to be an impertinent interference with their
domestic legislation, and consequently with their char-
tered liberties, subsided, many of the slave-owners
themslves had the sagacity to perceive, and the ho-
nesty to confess, that slavery, however disguised, is no
less inconsistent with the letter and the spirit of Ame-
rican independenc, than with the immutable laws of
nature and nature's GOD. Even in Carolina, there
have been individuals bold enough to attribute the
late awful calamity—the burning of -Charleston—to
the crimes of the slave-owners, without exposing them-
selves to the horrors of Lynch-law vengeance. These
are symptoms of a growing dislike of slavery in
the States which we are much gratified to witness.
We know that the question is surrounded by the
greatest difficulties, and is to be approached with much
caution. We are aware that there are great interests
at stake ; and we know likewise that to abolish slavery,
without endangering the safety of the white population,
it is essentially necessary to educate the coloured race
for the full enjoyment of those equal rights to which,
abstractedly speaking, they have as good a claim
as any citizen of the Union. But the knowledge
of these facts only makes us the more sensible of
making a beginning of this good
the necessity of
work.
Though there might be danger in eman-
cipating all the slaves in the United States at
once, there can he none in establishing schools for
their instruction ; in declaring
a all children born after a
certain day, or of a certain age, free; and in making the
Federali
freedom of adults depend upon their The ired intellstsi-
gence and general good conduct.
complain that they received the legacy of slavery from
L.
England. As they have imitated us in our sin, let
them dare to equal us in our repen
North America has purified herself from ance
the When
mora
u
plague-spot of slavery, then may she proudly challenge
p
a comparison with any nation in the world.

merely for the purpose of showing the results of the
work to the Board of Trade, or making disclosures
from which he could reap no possible benefit I Com-
mon sense will naturally conclude that as a sugar re-
finer, like any other manufacturer, works for profit,
so, if the statement alluded to exhibits a larger profit
than any other of the statements laid before the Board
of Trade, then that statement is to be relied upon as
fact—and it may be rationally assumed that it is the
ordinary mode of working a refinery.
The scheme of the bounty law proceeds on the
principle of returning to the exporter of refined and
bastard sugar all the duty paid in the first instance
on the 1121 b. of raw sugar. The law assumes that all
raw sugars yield like proportions ; that the quality of
the raw sugars never varies ; that whether fresh and
new from the plantation, or stale and old from the
docks, the results must be the same. Now all these
assumptions are diametrically opposed to fact, for
raw sugars will all yield differently. Raw sugar does
according as the weather in the
seasonvcraoryppiiiingitsquait l
quality according
favourable or not. Tue produc-
tions of different colonies, indeed of plantations in
the same colony will vary very materially ; for in-
stance, 91b. of good St. Vincent sugar will yield more
refined and bastard sugar than 31b. of indifferent
Dcmarara sugar ; Gib. of good Demarara sugar will
yield better than lib. of bad ; so that the varia-
tion in the productiveness of the different sugars is
interminable ; and sugar fresh from the plantation will
yield infinitely better than the same sugar would have
done had it been kept ten months in the clocks. A
reference to Dr. UR E'S experiments (a publi docu-
ment) will abundantly establish what has been here
advanced, and will be quite enough to show the absur-
dity of the principle of the existing law ; and that,
although the Right Hon. C. P. THOMSON appears
to be in darkness on- this subject, plain Mr. Timm-
sox knew all about it. What remains to be told of
this eventful history is well within the recollection of
our readers—the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the
President of the Board of Trade expressed in June
last their determination to stick by the old hocus-pocus
system, merely reducing some of the previous rates of
bounty. Mr. CLAY, Mr. PEASE, and Mr. VIL-
LIERS, all attempted to arrest the progress of this silly
mode of legislation, by propounding and proposing the
suggestions in Sir 1-1. PaßrreLL's book on finance,
asd
bounties
orak esubstitute
bond,e btlyl whicher aabno hiheee refineries
systemn eNri eo s.ow
fw
the
eal
drawletterbacks
f from
which we have repeatedly quoted says, on this part of
the subject, as follows :—" In fact, unless the system
of drawback were to be done away with altogether,
and refining for export permitted only under lock, it
would be impossible entirely to prevent loss, or to
ensure that no more than the actual duty paid should
be returned, without incurring the opposite risk—of
taxing our exported sugars. Such aentire chance,
however, their Lordships cannot at present recom-
mend."

To conclude. What plain Mr. THOM SO N stb-rmatized
as a scandalous abuse, the Right Hon. C. P.aTHOM-
SON, Cabinet Minister, maintains in all its pristine
virulence for years ; and at length, when he is urged
by the Negro Emancipationists to abolish the nefa-
rious system of
bounty on sugar, he hits upon the
expedient of taking off just one-half of the bounty__
assuring the public he has removed it all. That this re.
servation of a part of the bounty was intended is palpa_

We resume our observations of Monday on Mr. PoU-
LETT THomsoN's mal-administration with respect to
the sugar bounties. No rational person would imagine
that a chemist, however skilful he might be in his own
laboratory—without needful preparation—and without
the power to secure a gang of men who would not be

ThE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1838.

hit', or the Right Hon. Gentleman would have adopted I

hi inttc.

safe moth: w►th regard to the revenue upon which tu
legislate.
Enough of Sugar for the present.
We propose, in a day or two, to give the President
a cup of Coffee, when we shall show the difference
between the saying; of the plain Mr. TIIOMSON, and
fin:, doings: of the Iti.:zht Hon. C. P. TuomsoN, the
t,.►lti►►et r.

The Paris joiirnals of Tuesday are for the most part
t kert up with the discussion of questions of local in-
terest. The Swiss affair is, however, still an object
of considerable speculation ; especially as some of the
Cantons have taken measures to defend filmset e; in
the event of an actual invasion on the part of France,
The Republic can bring 100,000 able-bodied men
into the field, all tolerably well acquainted with mi-
litary discipline; and in a struggle to defend from
violation their hearths and the persons of their
families, it might be doubtful whether they would
not prove mole than a match for the mercenary
hordes of France. In making this observation we by
no means wish to be understood as detracting from the
acknowledged bravery of the French soldiery ; but we
make a wide distinction between the valour of men
fighting for their pay, and the intrepidity of an army
of patriots who take the field from the nobler motive
of defending their native country against an unjust
invasion.

Marshal CLAUSEL, it appears, will return to Africa.
We pity the colonists if such an event he the signal of
public rejoicing among them.
The following are extracts from the Journals

The Sentinel des Pyrenees states that 3,000,000 teals
had been sent oil the 27th ult., from Bayonne to St. St.bas-
tiao, whence this sum was to be forwarded through San-
tander for ETartero's army. Another convoy was to be
sent by way of Oleron for the army of the ceutr,, and just
as the waggons were on the point of setting off 100,000 f.,
supplied from the first advance made by the house of
Rothschild, had mrived by the diligence. According
to a correspondence from Ainhoa, quoted by this Jour-
nal, spine custom-house officers had seized, on the road
from that town to Bayoun,-., the sum of 11,200 f., the
greater part of which was in Spanish gold. It was
nut positively known whether the money belonged to
cominerc.al house, or was intended for Don Carlos, but
the la,t..r was thotrzitt the more probable supposition. The
accounts from the Basque Provinces stated that Maroto
had ordered an officer of engineers to mareo from Estella
to the vill..ge of Vilialuurta, in the valley of Echauri, to
r,-establish the bridge of Bekscoam, which was considered
an important point !or the Carlist operations. S:•veral Car-
list eng neer officers had reconnoitered the heights near
Portugaette as a preliminary to the attack and bombard-
ment of the fort. Maroto intended to aisemble twelve
battalions of infantry and 600 cavalry in Navarre, with
eight pi -ces of ar, iliery, to operate in, tlielii
to he hostileb,,r;l.Seve
Several
oersous had Leen arrested in Eenn,supposed
to Don Carlos, and on terms of intelligence with the
Christinos. The fortified village of Villaneuva, in the
valley of Mena, had been attacked by the Carlists on the
22d and 23d ult., and it was feared that the garrison would
be forced to surrender, unless speedily relieved by Espar-
tero. Alaix is not dead, as would appear from a letter of
the 24th ult. from Pampelana, announcing hi; arrival in
that city, out adding that he was dAngerou,ly wounded.
Oae of his arms had ben shattered by a musket ball, and
a second ball had passed through his chest.
Lord George Villiers and Lord Hay have arrived in
Paris.

The individuals arrested under tha charge of participa-
tion in the publication of the Moniteur Republican, and of
a pamph!et, of which a few numbers have been circulated,
under the title of the Free Man, were conveyed on Mon-
day from the Prefecture of Police to the ConciPrgprie,
where they are to remain in solitary confinement.—Gazette
des Tribunau.r.

The average price of the hectolitre of wheat, according
to the tables published to-day by the illanitenr, is 19f. 75c.
for the whole of France. Last year it was 18f. 87c. The
increase was particularly felt in the markets of the de-
partments of the first class, of the 2d section of the 2d class,
of the Ist section of the 3d class, and of the Ist section of the
• 4th class.
TUESDAY ONE eCLOCK.—Ahmed Fethi Pasha arrived
at Paris from London yesterday to take upon himself the
duties of his appointment as Ambassador from the Sultan.
His Excellency is accompanied by Sami Effendi, first Se-
cretary, M. Arakel, Interpreter, and Bekir Boy, Colonel
of Engineers in the Turkish army. The Ambassador is
charted by his Sovereign to confer the Order of Nishan
Iffikar on General Guilleminot, formerly Ambassador at
Constantinople ; on M. Desages, Chief of the Political
Department in the office of the Minister for Foreign
Affairs, and formerly Charge d'Affaires of Constantinople ;
the Baron de Varenne, French Minister at Hamburgh ; M.
Jauhert, Member of the Institute; M. Jouannin, the King's
Secretary ; and M. Desgranges, formerly interpreter to the
Embassy at Constantinople. Tata Effendi, the late Ot-
toman Charge d'Affaires at Paris, is on the eve of returning
to Constant ineple, where he has, as we have already
stated, received an appointment in the office of the Minister
of the interior.—Galignenes Messenger.
We excrete, the following from the Journal du Havre of
yesterday, a Journal which, on this poMt, is likely to have
accurate information, as indeed it generally has on all cow-
mercial matters The delegates from the ports hive
elrea ly Lad several inter iews with the Ministers to whom
they were sent. Private letters announce that the dele-
g ties were ieceived with great attention by the Minister of
C meierce, but that the auei noes of the Minister trf Ft-
ii. nee were by no means so sa:isfictory, and that the man•
tier of the Pre•id nt of the Council leaves them but little
le:pes of any reduction v.l the sugar diatit s by an ordinance.
The Minieer of Finance, ncvertheless, in one of the in-
to with him, emitted an opitiimi in favour of eqnaliz-
ing the duties on the two riv •1 productions, but at the
same time conceived that the sanction of the Chambers for
this measure was indispensable. The proposal of granting
to the Celenies the privilege of exporting 30,000 casks of
sugar to foreign countries is said to have been favourey)
n erteined by set eral Members of the Cabinet, who will,
by thus complying with one of the views of the delegates,
take the merit to themselves of having yielded
to the de-
sires of the merch tuts. Admiral Rosamel is said to have
gven n nor • tavou able ear to the demands of the Colonies
than any of his eon, agues."
CtrurA VECCRIA, SEPT. 23.—The French steamer
Tarlare an honed in this port on the 17th. The Count
de Latour Matibourg. French Ambassador to the Fitly
ScT, who was on board, landed at 10 o'clock io the morn-
ing. The Governor of Civita Vecchia visited him on
i.oard. An exchenee of several salvoes of artillery took
plate on the occ esion.
liberty, ahateiethielald'ope' fur
rs
some
time a great confluence of
strangers going to Rome. They travel with the greatest
lib
police are by no means inquisitorial.
Yesterday this town nas visited by a tremendous storm
of wind, thunder, and hail. The lightning struck at mer-
chant vessel anchored in the port ; two men were stunned
by it, but recovered in six hours after the accident.
Persons just arrived from Italy state that M. Thiers is
eniiroly occupied with his History of Florence, which he
will have completed by the month of November, when be
intends to return to France and superintend the publication
of the work.—Courrier Francais.

VIENNA, SEPT. 24.—The Russian Crlwn Prince will
go direct to Italy. Count Urbna and Baron Reischach,
appointed by our Court to attend the Prince, are gone to
toe frontier to recrivia him. Tha Duchess of Angouleme
left Vienna on the 22d. The Duke of Blacas, who is dan-
gerowly ill at Kirchberg, cannot be removed to Gorz, as
te wishes. Prince Adolphus of Schwarzenburg has returned
from London.
Bank Shares, 1,456 ; other Stocks not quotud.—Allge-
miene Zeitany, Sept. 29.
Baussins, (cr. 2.—We are informed that Messrs.
Failon and Dugardin, furnished with fresh instructions,
will shortly raw n to London, as Commissioners from the
Government, to continue the negociations relative to th•
debt.

FRENCH FUNDS. —Mitts, Ocrossi
Fiv' tits.. 10f. 30c. 41)c. 5.1 c. 4.", c
Three ni-r ents., 80t, 7,v, 140 e,
Bank Actions, 2,640 f 2,537. 51/c.
ftente Naples, 101 if. luc. tnc.
Roman Five ps,r 103
Spanish Actives, 19)4.
Slianich Passives, 4
B •Igiiin Five per Cents., 10414.
Beistan Bank, I,4wf. ;,441f. 50c.
!CAL/1AN..., ON LONDON.
p:.;ier, 25f. 40c.; money, 25f 37%c.
FNrec months, paper, 25i 25.. ; .3.25 25it.

.L.ATEiT PRICES.
Five per Cents. 1094". SOc.
Three per Cents., h1)1. 90c.
flank Actions, 2,637 f. 5,;c.
Romani, 102%.
Belgian Loan, 1044.
Belgian Bank, 1,4.11. 50c.
Spanish Actives, 19w.
PaSSIVe3, 4.
Portuguese l'hreei:er Centg., V.

Letters and Papers from Madrid of the 25th ult.
have been received, but tl.ey contain no news of any
interest. The late War-Minister, General LATRE,
has pronounced General ORAA guiltless of any act
