MEETING in AID of the SPANIARDS.

CAMBRIDGE, Juili a.—Yesterday a Meeting
of the Inhabitants of this tolffk, convened by the Mayor, pur-
suant to a requisition, took place at the Shire Hall, " to consi-
der of the best means of aiding the Spanish Nation in its pre-
sent arduous struggle against foreign aggression."
The MAYOR having taken the Chair, and opened the busi.
ness of the day, 31r. PRYME rose to move the Resolutions.
The Learned Gentleman, in an eloquent and temperate speech,
alluded to the conduct of Ministers in their professions- of
neutrality ; after which he entered at some length into 'the
unprincipled conduct of France, in its interference with the
internal Government of Spain. He then took a view of the
former and present state of Spanish affairs, and shewed
that the constitution of the Cortes was not, as some sup-
posed, an innovation, but simply a restoration of the an-
cient and legitimate form of government. He strongly
urged the necessity of supporting the Spaniards at the present
crisis, observing that if the invaders succeeded in their attempts,
that country would return to a state of desolation—to the same
Castle of Indolence—in which it had remained for a long series
of years. The Learned Gentleman, after various other re.
marks, of which our limits merely allow this brief outline,
concluded by moving a series of resolutions.
Mr. C. HUMFREY, fully concurring in the resolutions so
ably moved, had hearty pleasure in seconding the same.
The Rev. G. A. BROWVE observed, that he had anticipated
the object of the meeting, by subscribing to the fund raising
in the Metropolis; and although he regretted that the accounts
tram Spain were not of a more cheering nature, he confessed
be did not feel any ground of despair as long as the brave and
intrepid 'Mina maintained the struggle. Why should not
similar success attend the Spanish people in repelling the Bour-
bons r as had attended their efforts against the power of the late
Ruler of the French empire? However, the greater the danger
in Willa/ the Spaniards were placed, the stronger was the neces.
sity, of our exertions in their behalf. If better motives were
wantinAeielf.interest should induce us to support them; far,
if the presint, attack on liberty in the Peninsula were suce,esin.
ful, what would next be the object of the Iloly Alliance ?
Would they not attempt to put down the free press of this coun-
try? If the reports which were given in the public papers, with
the comments upon the titled gentlemen. e f Peruser, were suppress.
ed, might we not justly fear the fulfilment of the prophecy,. that
" the held of Waterloo would become the grave of British liberty."
The lftev. Bent. then strongly deprecated the system of neutrality
adopted by Ministers, since it appeared evident that it al.
forded them pleasure whenever they heard of the success of
the cause of despotism. If we were alive to the blessings
of freedom, we should be anxious that they should be widely
diffused, and though we might regret that stronger mea-
sures hail not been taken by Government, we should still
rejoice that the public spirit had been manifested. The
yoke of slavery was peculiarly galling to Britons, for who
could endure England if the Holy Alliance were to set
foot within Its sacred precincts ? Would not the motto of all
be "obi libertaa, ibi patria 9"
Mr. EBENEZER, FOSTER', in advocating the cause of Spa-
nish independence, pointed out the peculiar facilities which that
country atibrded to its population of resisting an enemy, anti
declared that dotwithstanding the present posture of affairs,
he did not despond of the final success of their efforts. Ile ap-
pealed to the Meting for pecuniary aid in support of a people
struggling for their liberties.
Mr. THOMAS llovelt.t. rose principally to enter his protest
against the nefarious conduct of France. He said, that as neu-
trality was the order of the day, we could not expect full meet-
ings, and was very sorry to see such a thin attendance on the
present occasion. However, as a few good men could save a
city, he hoped there were enough here to save Spain.
Mr. S. P. BEALES stated, that he was in London at the time
of the Spanish Meeting, and subscribed for the Spaniards as
well as the (.*reeks; and from a long conversation which he
had the honour of holding with Lord Wm. Bentinck, he did
not despair of driving the rascally Bourbons out of Spain.
After a few observations front other gentlemen, the resolu-
tions were passed unanimously, and the meeting, which con-
sisted of about 100 persons, left the Hall.
