DRUR V-LANE THEATRE.

However admirable Anthony and Cleopatra may be as
a reading play, on the stage it " drags its slow length
along," except here and there, where some fine, discrimi-
nating touch of passion or pathos enforces our attention.
'the feasoh of it® comparative unfitness for the stage, we
take to be this; 'We care nothing about the principal
personages. They are great names ; nothing more. Strive
as we May,‘ we cannot sympathize with the doating fond-
ness Of a worn otit debauchee; whose hair is
," grixtled"
with age ; or the maudlin jealousy of an old woman ; eVet+
with
t actions though the one be Anthony, and the other Cleopatra.
Their arV perpetually at variance
ironyseaarnsd. s''BnohlneaPrets venerable, yet both ape the
follies and passions of youth, bandying sentimentalities with
each other, just as if they were two green boarding-school
lovers. This, which would disgust us in real life, can
scarcely be expected to interest us in fiction. Again, the
gorgeous descriptions and imposing imagery which electrify
us in the closet, only clog and act as a drag-chain on the
wheela of action oil the Stage; Mr. MAcnitAbl' evidently
foresaw the last defect, and accordingly has made
judicious curtailments, availing himself; at the same time,
of one or two of Dryden's interpolations, as to render
the play in some degree fit for representation, Of course,
we praise his alterations only as regards stage fitness ;
for closet perusal we still cling to the matchless original.
Mr. MACREADY played Anthony, and though he delivered
the language of the character with little of that gusto
which should belong to it ; though he wore too thoughtful
an aspect—threw too much of depth of reflectiOn, is it
were, into his voice and delivery—gave, in short, too little
of wordliness and regal assumption to the " demi-Altas of
the earth,"—as Cleopatra, in a magnificently characteristic
line, calls her idol—still, in the more stirring scenes,
where remorse was to be depicted, his pathos was true to
nature. To Anthony, the Roman Warrior, he did full
justice; of Anthony, the maudlin lover, he iiiBde lads
or nothing, and we much doubt if any one else ever did, or
ever will. It is odd, that his most successful hit was not
in Shakspeare, but in the interpolation of Dryden. He
was inimitably fine in that scene, where, shocked at his
abject cowardice, in following the flight of Cleopatra from
Actium, he dashed himself on the ground, exclaiming—.
" Lie there, thou shadow of an emperor His convulsive
shudder too, and sudden, involuntary burying of his head
within the folds of his robe, when Cleopatra's voice, as
she approaches to console him, first reaches his ears (as
if, notwithstanding his wrath, he still dreaded the in4uent4
of the sorceress), showed a quick, subtle apprehension of
the troth of character. But, indeed, Mr. MACREADY
played his best throughout. He has evidently deeply
studied the part, whence we conclude it is a favourite
with him. His abrupt, startling transitions of voice and
manner, from the roar of the hurricane to the whisper
of the zephyr, were also less prominent titan usual, and
he is now beginning to deserve the praise, which we once
despaired of ever being able to award him, of a chaste
artist. Miss PHILLIPS, as Cleopatra, laboured under the
same defect as MACREADY. She did not look the cha-
racter. In the first place, she was too young ; secondly,
she hail not that stately, rounded, and volup-
tuous figure, which we ascribe to " Royal 2Egypt ;"
thirdly, she hail not that clear, luscious, flute-like voice
which witched the senses of the first Caesar. In other
respects her performance was successful. Her brief, fitful
flashes of mixed tenderness and jealousy, and the abrupt
hurrying from the extreme of hope to the extreme of
despair when she is informed of Anthony's marriage with
Octavia, prove that she can sound the depths, and enter,
with something of a kindred spirit, into the inner and
more recondite beauties of Shakepeare's heroines. Nor
must we omit to mention the emphatic manner, in which,
when imaging to herself the thoughts which are engros-
sing the mind of her absent Anthony, she kept lingering
fondly on that noble line, " He's thinking now of his old
serpent of the Nile." It finely embodied the "one idea"
of a doating woman. Mr. KING, as Octarites, though
he was not quite perfect in the part, played with care and
skill. He had one or two opportunities of " making
mouths," which he wisely avoided. Cooziß's Zno-
barhus was spirited, but rather too much in the
braggadocio, or Captain Bluffe, style. He was also too

for'
ilt.
,ny

or

.otic
ViS.

6
8
11
"

E~
~pB•i

J.
I.
itot 0

••
0. 01
1,11
I it
109
fr.
.ht

lavish in the use of his left arm—that awkward ap- 10,
pendage, which is so often in the way of actors, and
which seems made for no other purpose than to perplex
them. Mr. G. BENNETT made an effective Eros. His
dying scene was full of feeling, and would have been still o,llf
better, if lie had not rolled out the letter R with such perse- geliawest
vering emphasis. Of the scenery, we cannot speak in too potbo of
exaggerated terms of praise. STAN FIELD was there in
cosi,
all his glory, giving us rich glimpses of perspective, such
as no other artist of the day can come near; sunny slopes, rir lighl
and wooded promontories ; glorious gilt galliea, worthy `..t 13,14
to waft Cleopatra down the Cydoes, floating upon seas of jecp
silver; and the rich, warm light of Sicilian and African
skies, steeping all the landscapes in floods of splendour.
The dresses were gorgeous, and in excellent keeping, and
the processions, for their variety and magnificence
(if not for their accuracy), would have electrified
the soul of old Recta. Let Mr. BUNN hut perse-
vere in his present course, and if the drama is to be
restored, he will do it. It is infinitely to his credit, that,
notwithstanding the almost overwhelming expense to
which the Opera of Gustavus must have subjected him,
he has yet had the courage to revive Shakepeare's Anthony
and Cleopatra, in a style of nearly equal magnificence.
What more he can do, or what more can be expected of
him, we know not. The play was successful, and the
house full, if not crowded.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.
DEAL, Nov. 21.—Wind W.N.W. to WlS.W.—Ar-
rived from the River and remain, the Louisa, Towle, for
Madras.

PORTSMOUTH, Nov. 21.—Wind W.N.W.—Arrived
his Alajesty's ship Belvidera, from Lisbon, sailed the 7th
inst ,to come into the Harbour to be paid off. His Ma-
jesty's ship Favourite is gone to Spithead. Arrived the
Sportsman, Hutchinson, from Trieste.
PLYMOUTH, Nov. 20.—Wind variable.—Sailed his
Majesty's ship Cruiser, for the West Indies; the Bittern
(late his Majesty's ship), and the James, Edwards, both
for London. Arrived his Majesty's ship Leveret, from
Lisbon, sailed the 11th inst. and Oporto the 14th (mail
up yesterday); his Majesty's ship Endymion, from Lis-
bon, and Iris, Williams, from Vostizza. Off port the
Flinn, PhilUpson, from Montreal.
FALMOUTH, Nov. 20.—Wind light.—Arrived the
Lavinia, Rosman, from Alicant. Off port the Columbia,
Cook, from St. John's, New Brunswick ; and Sceptre,
Howe, from Cephalonia.
ST•NGATE CREEK, Nov. 21.—Arrived the Swallow,
Adams, from Smyrna; Sovereign, Light, and George
IV., Philip, from Messina; and the Levant Packet,
Cundy, from Leghorn.
HASTINGS, Nov. 21.—Arrived off port the Sussex,
Cogran, from Denia.
POOLE, Nev. 20.—Arrived the Lester, Hayward, from
Newfoundland.

PENZANCE, Nov. 20.—Arrived off port the Cbili,
Nixon, from Van Dienten'e Land—sailed June 1 ;
and Mary and Eliza, Tregathan, from Palermo.
SCILLY, Nov. I9.—Arrived the Edgar, Davison, from
Halifax ; Dart, from Quebec ; Chotelda, Potter, front
Genoa ; and Fenwick, Ryle, from Demerara.
BnisToL, Nov. 20. Arrived the Susan, Penton,
from Demerara ; Victoria, Hartnell, from Denia ; an•J
Felix, from Scily.
LtvcarooL, Nov. 20.—Arrived the William, Sandell,
from Alicant ; Sarah, Cheesney, and Phosnix, Hartley,
from Demerara ; Julia, Taylor, from Newfoundland ;
John, Forrester, from Africa ; Matilda, Oliphant, from
Messina; Csaris, Gunn, from Trieste; Scipio, Neal,
from Palermo; Bolivar, King, from M,llezzo ; San Jose,
Amimas, from Salon ; and Centza, Croft, from Denea. Off
porr, the Zante, from Leghorn.
HosAaT TOWN, MAY 28.—The Dragon, Rattenbury
(whaler), of this port, is reported to have been taken by
the natives of New Zealand, and the crew massacred.

The Anna Maria, Mane, from Caine to Christian Sand,
was burnt at sea.
The Searche., Ellory, from Cardiff to L'ndon, struck
on the Lever Stones on the 15th inst., and sunk—cteW
saved.

THE NEW WORKS IN TRAFALGAR'
SQUARE.-The excavation for the east wing of the
National Gallery having been finished, a scaffolding has
been just erected preparatory to laying the foundation and
erecting the building.
INQUISITIVENESS.—Two Scotchmen met
the other day, on one of the bridges of Glasgow—one of
them having in his hand a very handsome fowling-piece,
when the following dialogue ensued :—" Ode, moo, but
that's a bonnie gun." " Aye, deed is it." " Whar did
ye get it?" " Owre by there." "And wha is it for?
" D'ye ken the Yeditor of the Glasgow Herald? Ou
aye." " Weel, it's no for him."
Letters received in town yesterday from Drop-
more state that the venerable Lord Grenville continues 111
a hopeiess state ; his Lordship is perfectly sensible, but in
a very exhausted condition. The Right Hon. T. Gren-
ville is unremitting in attendance on his distinguished re-
lative.

c

I
ttwhi
Eithei
Ef tho
P. pub
4lniek
acci

revi
6') r
P Yen
Tar
*cork
abal
Q me

Ai;
his
?igivi

leap
or
br „

pie,
into
for

the
reli
ete
the

the
eth
the

not
Lei
wh
'et
etn

fest,
Vt.
,nY

~_...,.,LAR.

Downiag-street, Sept. 5, 1833.
SIR,—In my circular despatch of the 26th of June last,
had the honour to enclose, for your information, copies
T
of the resolutions adopted by both Houses of Parliament
3 the subject of colonial slavery, and announced the
Ton
itii!ntention of his Majesty's Government to introduce a Bill
diamto Parliament, for the purposei Of giving effect to those
or resolutions. , Thit deeiko having been executed, the Bill
yr,Feeeisied his Alajeety's assent, and passed into a law on the
witEith ult. I now transmit to you copies of that Statute in
Ittaaufficient number to enable you to place them in the hands
theof such of the principal inhabitants of the colony under
foeyour government as may be most deeply interested in the
of subject.
It is a source of great satisfaction to myself and my
colleagues that we have been enabled to accomplish this
I' great measure during the present session. Amidst all the
cpotroversy with which it has inevitably been attended,
mil parties have been Unaniinous in the opinion that an
Fthr!ty and final settlement of the question was essential to
e welfare of the numerous classes of society, whether in
It this kingdom or the Colonies, whom it more or less
ad directly affected.
*18°) It is not my present purpose to vindicate the measure
/3twhich the Ministers of the Crown have thus thought it
titheir duty to propose, and which the Legislature have
.(thought fit to sanction. From the ordinary channels of
pi public intelligence, the motives of His Majesty's Govern-
14:ntent and of Parliament may be collected with sufficient
accuracy, by those who may desire to learn them, and a
al revival on this occasion of discussions which have occupied
8) many months, would be at once useless and incon-
venient.
P
~ Neither do I propose to enter upon an etplanation of the
t..variouti provisions of the accompanying statute. Such a
it'cothmentary would be superfluous if, as I trust, the Act
shall be found sufficiently perspicuous to convey its own
Q meaning with all requisite precision.
My present design is to call your attention to the duties
which this great change in the law will immediately
Airnpose upon yourself, and to explain the measures which
his Majesty's Government propose to adopt in order to
Ilgive complete effect to this Act.
With whatever distinctness a law of this nature may be
...
'expressed, it is not to be expected that illiterate persons,
or even that Men of education, accustomed to the perusal
legal documents, should at first acquire an accurate
view of the changes which it will introduce in the various
relations of society. But on such a subject popular mis-
conceptions may be of dangerous consequence. It is,
1 I therefore, desirable that the general scope and effect of the
1 law should be made known to the public at large by an
a authority in which confidence will be generally reposed.
On so peculiar an occasion as the present, it will be
necessary, however, not merely to dispel possible misap-
prehension, but to allay, as far as may be practicable,
(
the excitement which exaggerated hopes and fears may
tend to create. At a moment when one of the ancient
and fundamental bonds of society, as hitherto constituted,
is about to be dissolved, to make room for a system
which, altogether promising great eventual good, involves
an immediate change of such extent, it is emphatically
necessary that a submissive obedience to the laws should
I be inculcated by the highest authority in the state, and

or
iollt
.OtIC

1e
s 6
(s
II 0

E~
~8.~

J.
.I. 9
ity

o tit
it
PO9
of.

bot of
I, cal
‘n,
e
'ir lig'
.t
arld,

mire.

enforced, if necessary by the most decisive measures.
For these reasons his Majesty in Council has been
pleased to approve the inclosed Proclamation, and I am to
instruct you, that you lose no time in promulgating it
for general information, in the most public and authentic
manner. In maintaining tranquillity and order within
the limits of your Government, his Majesty confidently
L k relies upon your activity and zeal ; nor will you fail to
exert to the utmost possible extent both the authority and
the legitimate influence which you possess, in securing
the co-operation, for that end, of all public officers, and
other persons who, from their station, their property, or
their talents, enjoy a peculiar control over public opinion
and popular feeling in the colony of British Guiana.
On referring to the Act, you will perceive that it does
not interfere with the appropriate duties of the Colonial
Legislatures, beyond the strict limits of the necessity by
which that interference was dictated. It implicates a
series of general rules, by which the future relations of the
cMployer and of those who are to labour in his services are to
be regulated, referring to the general assemblies, where they
exist, the office of supplying by local enactments all stabor-
dinate but necessary details. In those colonies tOlich are
subject to the legislative authority of his Majesty in
Council the Act has reietml to his Majesty, i cing with
the advice of his Council, the correspon,ifirq, •tiriity. This
Part of the measure was not suggested from any distrust of
the legislative bodies existing in those settlements, and
'till less by any doubt of the superior local knowledge
Which the members of those bodies would have brought
to the discharge of such a task ; but this course of pro-
eteding was designed to obviate certain objections which
blight otherwise have been raised to the execution of the
Act of Parliament. It was anticipated that some, at least,
°1 the assemblies might urge that the participation of their
t°ustituents in the Parliamentary grant bad been made to
a
!Pend upon their compliance with a condition which it
tAss impossible to perform, and that the problem proposed to
Luern of regulating the various relations of the apprentice la-
uotirers, both of their employers and the state, admitted of no
Nation. It was further apprehended that the assemblies
might object that, as their supplementary enactments
t %Id not avail for securing the promised benefit unless
ry should be esteemed satisfactory by his Majesty in
tiecil, they would be totally destitute of any criterion
hj Which to determine whether any particular regulations
7onld or would not be accepted as adequate to the occa-
By the promulgation of the proposed orders in
-ach of those objections will be obviated. His
Government will perform the duty clearly in-
m them of showing that no insuperable diffi.
',allied in the performances of the condition which,
iuggestion, Parliament has prescribed. The
will be supplied with a model, not, of course, for
itation, but sufficiently developing the general
on which it is expected that the supplementary
will be framed.
course of proceeding shall remove the objection
we noticed, it may, however, perhaps, be thought
hto another difficulty equally formidable. It
id that Orders in Council, originating in Eng-
: be framed in ignorance of local circumstances,
:herefore, be inapplicible in practice. This ob-
also been foreseen, and may, I trust, be effec-
litted. Twelve months will elapse before the in-
of the system of apprenticeship. In that interval
of the proposed orders will be generally made
,roughout the colonies, and his Majesty's Go-
will not only admit, but invite and weigh with
ich observations as they may call forth, and such
Ins as any persons may be disposed to make for
*overnent of their projected regulations. The
Council will, therefore, not be promulgated
11 the assistance which can be derived from those
Kist conversant with the state and circumstances

Commission which his Majesty is authorized by
it to establish for distributing the Compensation
ill be constituted with all practicable expedition,
will be placed at the head of the subordinate
m which is to sit within the colony under your
2nt. On that subject you will be placed in direct
iication with the Commissioners in this country.
st clause of the Act, relating to the subject of
toleration, will take effect immediately, and it
be unnecessary that I should explain, for your
what are the motives which suggested the
torm of that enactment.
it 4m happy and prompt to acknowledge that religicus
4chers, dissenting from the established Church, have
hithertot enjoyed, in a very large proportion of the Colo-
tile's the utmost possible freedom in the discharge of the
„utY which they have undertaken. I have further to
'rnit that the Colonial Statute books are, with scarcely
44
13Y exception, exempt from enactments restrictive of
religious liberty, but, on the other hand, there are Colonies
14 which parts of the Statute Law of England on this
,I.ubject have been adopted, or are considered to be in
%tee• On this question much legal controversy has
tt,kso place. It has been sometimes made a ques-
,_°4 whether the English statutes respecting Dissen-
'l.l from the Established Church did or did not
,PPly to the Colonies. At other times, or in other places,
tt has been maintained that the Acts of Charles the Second
ti° the exclusion of William and Mary, and of Queen
Aerie, are alone incorporated in the Colonial code. And
lEtin, high legal authorities have declared that the Colo.
1341 law recognized the whole series of English Acts on
ibis subject, with the exception of that which was passed
the 52d of George the Third. But amidst these
disputes I perceive that it is universally admitted that in
e absence of positive statute there is no restraint what.
ever on the freedom of religious instruction, the common
i
being absolutely silent on the subject. From these
discussions it resulted, that in the Colonies which had
hot adopted any part of the statute law of England
respecting religious teaching or toleration, a freedom
°4l restraint prevailed with which it was quite
",ceseary for Parliament to interfere. It is to be pre-
illuled that this freedom had worked no injurious come-
luences, because the assembliett had not sought to restrict
There was, therefore, no motive for Parliamentary
legislation. On the other band, circumstances too noto-
tiQua to demand a more particular notice, and which, I

therefore gladly pass over, with this general allusion
demonstrand that in those colonies in which the restrictive
statutes had betn adopted, they had become instruments of
persecution, and to meet the exigencies of society arisinv
out of the intended abolition of slavery, it was indispensa-
ble that Patliament should secure to the teachers of reli-
gion, and to their disciples, the fullest opportunity of a free
intercourse with each other. In those colonies, therefore,
it waa thought necessary to superinduce by Parliamentary
authority the recent English statute of George 111. upon
these earlier English Acts, which have been made the
engine of such ill-advised and dangeroUs proceedings.
This explanation will, I trust, enable you to judge to
what (-trent the accompanying Act will affect the law of
religious toleration in the colony under your Government.
—I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient humble
servant, E. G. STANLEY.

To Lieut.-Governor Sir J. C. Smyth, &c. &c. &c.,
British Guiana.

GERMAN PAPERS.

MUNICH, Nov. 11.—For some days past it has been
generally reported here, that a special inquiry has been
commenced against a well known Deputy, and that he has
already been conveyed to the prison here. It is added
that he was arrested at his country seat, and that the
cause of his arrest was his having been connected with
political writers, against whom proceedings have been
instituted. It is stated that investigations are also
commenced against another well known Deputy.
Petitions in favour of the printer Volkhardt, now
confined in the House of Correction, will be presented
to his Majesty the King by his wile and his counsel.
On the 7th inst. an ordinance was published here,
founded on a ministerial rescript of October 29. The
first Article of this Ordinance forbids all carriages, no
matter to whom they belong, and all riders on horseback,
to pass carriages in which their Majesties are ; and
when the King is on horseback, it is forbidden to pass
or remain before him. The second Article orders all
carriages and horsemen who may meet their Majesties,
to draw up immediately, s,nd halt till they have passed by.
STUTTGARD, NOT. 11.-The Commission of Inquiry
at the fortress of Asperg, continues to discharge more of
the prisoners. Within these few days it has released
three. The prisoners remaining in the fortress are not
above seven or eight in number at the moat.
We learn, that in the first sittings of the French
Chambers, the debates on the commercial convention
with Prussia have advanced so far, that the assent to the
fundamental treaty is agreed upon, and the Chambe'. has
only to discuss secondary points relative to the tarifl,which
cannot occasion any difficulties. It is affirmed that two-
thirds of the Members are favourable to this syst2m.—
Journal de Frankfurt, Nov. 16.
CARLSRUHE, Nov. 11.—In the sitting of the Second
Chamber on the Bth, the Deputy Knapp Inquired of the
Ministry what was intended to be done to enforce an
interdict, which, according to an article in the Carlsruhe
Gazette, had been issued from Rome against certain
writings stigmatized as heretical, and against their authors,
propagators, and readers (of whom he himself, for instance,
was one).
M. Von Winter, Councillor of State, replied that he
was unacquainted with any official communication on this
subject, and the Government of course took no notice of
articles in the newspapers. To satisfy the gentleman
who asked the question it might suffice to observe, that a
Papal brief had no validity in the Grand Duchy of Baden
without the piacet of the Grand Duke.
LEIPSIC, Nov. 12.—His Serene Highness the Reign-
ing Grand Duke of Brunswick arrived here to-day, travel-
ling under the name of Count Von Ehrenstein. —Frankfort
Papers, Nov. 16.
GENEVA....-.NO answer has yet been received from any
of the Ambassadors or Foreign Ministers to the communi-
cation made to them of the division of Basle into two
States. The English Ambassador has not even acknow-
ledge d the receipt of the communication.—National
Genesois. . _

CARLSRUIIE, Nov. 13.—0 n the 9th inst., Swiss Ra-
dicalism was celebrated at Aran, a triumph which cannot
fail to revolt every mind that has not lost all sentiment of
right. On that day the ancient university at Basle was
annihilated at a blow. It is well known that ever
since its foundation, the University, being an inde-
pendent institution, managed its own concerns as such.
The capital was formed by donations from private indivi-
duals, and the library had the same origin, as well as the
collections of different objects. Notwithstanding these
facts, the umpire, Keller of Zurich, has bad the audacity
to decide that the property of the University belongs to the
State, and to assign two-thirds of it to Basle. Thus, by
an act of Vandalism, has been destroyed one of the noblest
monuments that humanity has founded. —Carlsrt4he
Gazette.

VIENNA, Nov. 11.—Five per Cent. Metalliques,
93 3 10 ; Four per Cents., 82 25-32; Bank Shares,
1,197 3.10 —Allgemeine Zeituug, Nov. 16.
The Nuremberg Correspondent of the 15th inst., says,
" It is said that the Crown Prince is now going to Neuf-
chatel, whose position is not improved by the answer given
to the deputation at Berlin. Much importance is attached
to the issue of the affair of Luxemburg, now in treaty at
Frankfort. No one puts faith in the report set afloat by
the Journal d'Arlon, that Prussia will purchase for her-
self the portion of Luxemburg taken from Holland.
Spanish affairs occupy much attention at Berlin. Couriers
are constantly going and coming. An European congress
is much desired.

HEREDITARY REVENUE OF THE CROWN
—By the third and fourth of William IV., c. 69, the
whole hereditary revenue of the Crown in Scotland,
including feuduties, casualties, teinds, &c., is vested in the
Commissioners of Woods and Forests, who are the parties
in any suit affecting these revenues. They are to sue and
be sued in Scotland in the name of the Lord Advocate ;
service on whom, and notice to the Commissioners through
the Post Office, is sufficient citation.
HERESY IN BELGIUM.—We learn upon
good authority that all the Bishops of the kingdom will
assemble in a few days at Mechlin, in a species of conclave,
under the presidency of Archbishop Sterckx, to consider
of measures for arresting the progress of the heresy
introduced by M. Helsen, the Abbe Chatel of Belgium.
—Brussels Paper.
The Rev. Robert Vaughan, of Kensington,
author of the " Life of Wycliffe," and the " Memorials
of the Stewart Dynasty," has been appointed to the chair
of History in the London University, by the unanimous
vote of the Council on Friday last. Captain Machonochie,
Secretary to the Royal Geographical Society, has also been
appointed Professor of Geography; the first professorship
of the kind ever instituted in England.
The pavement lately taken up and relaid in
the nave of Exeter Cathedral is Bohemian marble, which
stone was much used in our churches during the middle
ages. It resembles the verde antique of the Egyptians,
being of a grey-green colour, varied by black and white
spots, called ophites, and tephria, but this contains petrified
antediluvian remains, which the Egyptian marble does not
possess. In a similar marble in Derbyshire are discovered
parts of the starfish; but this stone is of a whitish-brown
colour. It may appear surprising how the beauties of
this variegated testaceous nimble should have escaped
observation so long; but, like the pebble that contains
the madrepore, its shades and figures could only have been
seen by polishing.—Western Times.
A gentleman named Bridger, residing at
Mitcham, was walking through the town on Monday
evening towards his house, when he accidentally met the
wife and sisters of Mr. Keys, solicitor, of Mitcham.
Being acquainted with the family, he accompanied them
home, and was in conversation with them in the parlour,
when Mr. Keys, who had just arrived from town, entered
the room. Addressing Mr. Bridger, he said, " I have
suspected this a long time, and now I will be revenged."
He instantly drew a pistol from his pocket, and fired it at
Mr. Bridger. The ball passed through his right arm.
Mr. Keys instantly took out another pistol, and, pointing
it, said, " I have another for you." Mr. Bridger ex-
claimed, " For God's sake don't fire, as I am wounded
already." He then rushed out of the house, amidst the
screams of the ladies, Mr. Keys following and beating
him on the head with a pistol. An application has been
made to the Magistrates for the apprehension of Mr.
Keys.
STRIKE OF JOURNEYMEN MASONS.--.The
operative masons struck work yesterday for an advance of
from 12s. a week to 1 Is. in the winter season. A Ge-
neral Meeting was held in the New Mechanics' Hall,
North Hanover-street, to concert measures for conducting
the strike. The large Hall was crowded to excess during
the whole time of meeting, which lasted from twelve
o'clock till about four in the afternoon. Mnch to the
credit of that body of workmen they have resolved to
dec!'ne all intimidation.—Glasgow Courier.
Monday evening, as the Express coach from
Londen to Dover was within half a mile of Canterbury,
the horses took fright, and, bolting across the road, the
coach was dragged up the bank and overturned. The
paseengets, with one exception, escaped unhurt. When
the accident occurred the horses were at a steady pace,
and no blame attaches to the coachman. The passengers
were brought into Canterbury
in a fish waggon, and,
having dined, they proceeded forward to Dover with very
little delay...Kentish Gazette.

i, I,il;neillieYae
i , jesty's G
"Ittbent on
t '
1 6tl y is Inv°
%e trohebilries'
.1"
?Place unit
,ples o
Itttnnents
i ~If this co
P ;'°ith I has
t/ give birtl
IjtlY be said
6") must I
ittri will, tb
ltttion bee
t64411Y obvia
$ 64°.duction I
kil'odrafts o
6 wn tin
ettlnent
all v
i care sue
=,- ttkestions
bvimpeo,
, ~tilers in
66k4tkout all
go are tni
1 of
the color
The Co
parliament
youi
andvi
top,
6 tnisstot
,ernmen
ntriunici
. t The6ls
~,„litio etc
4Y not b
giltance,
n
euliar fo
)I am h.
