25. The motion of Mr. Grote for Vote by Ballot is re-
jected by a majority of 211 against 106.
A Meeting of the Electors of the Metropolitan
boroughs is held at the Crown and Anchor, to petition
against the house and window tax.
26. The'motion of Sir W. Ingilby for the repeal of
half of the malt duty, is carried by a majority of 10, the
numbers being 162 for, and 152 against.
28. King Leopold finding the Representative Chambers
unmanagea!de, dissolves tbem.
29. Dr. Babbington dies, aged 76.
Don Carlos publishes a Manifesto, in which he
claims his right to the succession on the death of the King
of Spain, and ileclares his determination not to take the
offtialty to Cie oung Princess of Asturias.
Colonel Maberly brings forward the Ordnance Es-
timates. The sum required being 1,792,3171., and the
diminution o' charge since last y6.ir.88,000/.
30. Sir John Key brings forward a motion for the ;4•
peal of the house and Window tax, which is rejected by a
majority of $0 to 157. The House also divided on the
following queslions—for a property tax, 131, against it,
285 ; and for the repeal of half the malt duty, 76, against
it 23S ; thereby cancelling the vote on Sir W. Ingilby's
motion.

Sir J. C. Ilobhouse not being prepared to vote for
the abolition of the house and window tax resigns his seat.

MAY.

2. Mr. Richards moves for the introduction of poor
laws into Ireland. The motion is negatived, and a Com-
mission of Inquiry appointed.
3. Mr. Cohbett's resolutions relative to the stamp duty,
after reply from Mr. S. Rice, are negatived by a great
majority—the numbers being 250 and 26.
4. The Countess de Grey dies, aged 83.
5. The Duke of Orleans visits England.
6. Peace is agreed to between the Grand Seignor and
the Pacha of Egypt.
The Viscountess Like (lies, aged 78.
9. Forty-seven persons are killed by an explosion in
the Springwel! Colliery, near Newcastle.
10. The Duchess of Berry is delivered of a daughter at
the Castle of B1;ye.
A duel takes place at Exeter, between Sir John
Jeffcott and Dr. Hennis, in which the latter is mortally
wounded. A Coroner's Jury afterwards returns a verdict
of " Wilful Murder" against the principal and seconds.
11. Colonel Evans is returned for Westminster in the
room of Sir J. C. Hobhouse.

Lord Teignham and a man of the ❑ame of Donlan
are tried and convicted in the Court of King's Bench, for
obtaining 1,4001. from Didymus Langford, under pretence
of procuring him a Government place.
13. A public meeting is held in Coldhath-fields, for
the purpose of forming a National Convention, when a
serious affray takes place between the people and the police.
Several on both sides are wounded, and one policeman
stabbed to death.

14. Mr. Stanley moves re:,olutions in the Commons for
the abolition of negro slavery.
15. Mr. Kean, the actor, dies at Richmond, aged 45.
16. Sir Andrew Agnew's Sabbath Bill is thrown out,
there being 73 for it, and 79 again..t it.

Mr. Cobbett moves an Address to the Crown to
erase the name of Sir Robert Peel from the list of Privy
Councillors. For the motion 4, against it 298. The
proceedings expunged from the minutes of the House.
17. A grand state ball is given at St. James's Palace
in honour of the Duke of Orle-ins, at which 700 of the
Nobility and gentry are present.
20. Tee Calthorpe•street Jury, appointed to inquire
into the devh of Robert Cully, returned a verdict of "jus-
tifiable homicide." The verdict is afterwards quashed by
the Court of King's Bench.
22. The motion for the second reading of the Jews'
Emancipation Bill is carried in the Commons by a ma-
jority of 189 to 52.
The Earl of Newburgh dies, in his 43d year.

27. At the celebration of the fete of Hambach, a col •
lision takes place between the Bavarian troops and the
people, when a number of persons are put To death by the
military. _ _

29. The embargo on Dutch ves.els is 'withdrawn.
30. Lurd Althorp moves resolutions relative tu the Bank
Charter.
Sir John Malcolm dies.
31. Byrne, the pugilist, is killed in a prize fight with
Deaf Burke, at a place called No-Man's Land.
