BRUSSELS, THURSDAY EVENING, JAN. 17, S O'CLOCK.

The following intelligence being of great importance, I hasten
to communicate it to you. It arrived this evening to the Go-
vernment in a despatch from General Buzen, the Governor of
Antwerp, and bears the date of this day at noon :

" I have this moment been informed that orders from the
Dutch Government have been received by the Commandant
of the Dutch fleet in the Scheldt, to the effect that he is to
allow vessels of all nations to come up and go down the
river, excepting those bearing the British, French, and Belgian
flags."
It is said also that no conditions whatever are annexed to
this permission, therefore the merchantmen from all nations,
with the aforesaid exceptions, may come to Antwerp as before
the siege of the citadel. It will depend on the British and
French Governments to obtain the same right for their ships.
Why the Dutch King should have made this invidious dis-
tinction requires explanation. The British and French mer-
chantmen came to and sailed from Antwerp even to the
middle of the month of November while the combined fleet
was off Holland.

The " counter" treaty proposed by the King of Holland is
now semi-officially stated to have arrived here. It is of the
nature stated in the letter of Tuesday evening.

A great deal has been said about an intended
intervention by the British and French Cabinets
for the settlement of the dispute between the
rival forces in Portugal, and it has been as-

serted that the condition of the armistice which
is to be proposed are the expulsion of Don
VIIGUEL, and the resignation by Don PEDRO
of the Regency. We do not know what truth
there may be in this statement ; but we know
that no intimation or an intention to deprive Don
PEDRO of the Regency has been made to the
Portuguese authorities in this country.

The meeting of the constituency of the city
of London, that will take place on Monday
next, is likely to prove highly influential, as well
from the number and respectability of those who
will attend, as the importance of the subjects to
he there discussed, viz.—
The Repeal of the Septennial Act.
The Repeal of the Assessed Taxes.
The Voting at Elections by Ballot.

It has been with regret we have lately observed
a disposition to prejudge and prejudice the
question of the ballot, without entering fairly
upon the discussion, or waiting till it be fairly
discussed.

The late Lord CASTLEREAGH was celebrated
for having " two strings to his bow," and the
opponents of the ballot seem to delight ht
sporting on the horns of a dilemma. They first
labour to show that it affords no secrecy, and
consequently no protection to the voter; and,
secondly, that the secrecy of the ballot, which
they have previously shown (to their own satis-
faction) has no existence, will be " a cover for
insincerity and deception, and a destroyer of all
confidence between men." They set out by
assuring us that " the poor man has no secrets
from the members of his, own little circle, that
his own family and gossipping companions of
the alehouse will inevitably, from the habits
of free communication throughout that order
of our countrymen, be familiar with his pur-
poses and his acts," and that, therefore no
secrecy can exist under the ballot (which
would leave the ballot and open voting
on a par with each other), and they then turn
round and, with true CASTLEREAGH logic,
assure us, with equal sincerity and truth, that
the secrecy of the ballot, " facilitates deception
between man and man," and is " a substitution
of the mask and stiletto for the cudgel, the open
defiance, and broad gaze of day,"—in short, that
the ballot, with a sort of pantotnimic magic will
convert every Englishman into an assassin.

Is no deception practised in open voting ? Is
every promise then given honestly redeemed ?
Alas ! Let some of the candidates at the late
election answer that inquiry.
We are not, however, among those who ima-
gine, whatever may be its recommendations, that
the ballot, as a political institution, is, or can
be, perfect,—no human institution can attain
PERFECTION,-but if it be an improvement on
the present system, the want of absolute per-
fection is no ground for its rejection.
The question of the ballot must be fairly met
and fairly discussed. We have reason to know
that the prevailing feeling in favour of the mea-
sure is daily spreading and becoming more
decided, and we agree with the observation that
" if it be the desire of the nation, the ballot, it is
manifest, must come."

We point attention to another able commu-
nication by " DALETII," on the subject of a
Repeal of the Union. His remarks on the sub-
ject of tithes are penned in a sagacious, liberal,
spirit.

We have received the following letter from
an English officer in the army of Don PEDRO.
What the writer says of the Miguelite feeling of
some of the British naval officers on the station
is worthy of attention. It is not surprising that
men who owe their promotion to the Tories
should feel a desire to serve a cause which is so
intimately connected with Tory interests ; but it
is surprising that such men should have been
selected for a service, in which, if circumstances do
not permit an open demonstration in favour of
the Constitutionalists, there should at least be
perfect neutrality. How real neutrality is to
be shown by men of such marked political
opinions we are at a loss to understand :

46 OPORTO, JAN. 5.

" You are probably already acquainted with the dis-
asterous result of the sortie of the 17th ult. Our force
consisted of 1300 men, of whom I was one. Our loss
amounted to 70, and it would have been much greater if
the seamen of the British squadron and merchant ships
had not dragged our poor fellows out of the water, and
treated them kindly afterwards, giving them dry clothes
and refreshments. An infamous report has been circu-
lated that the British rr fused to take them into their
vessels, but it appears to have been propagated by Miguelite
agents, who wish to create dissension between the British
and Portuguese Constitutionalists. We were able for an
hour or so to stand our ground pretty well, but the fire of
the Mieuelites was at length sosevere that there was nothing
but flight left to save us from destruction. Never was
sortie worse planned. We obtained fifty pipes of good wine
from the town, and twelve bullocks from behind it ; but
these do not compensate for the loss—seventy brave sol-
diers. Captain Phelan, who behaved admirably, was
wounded in the hand, hut not sever. ly.
" The Emperor continues to show great activity; and
Sir John Milley Doyle, who has been created a Major-
General, with about 401. per month pay (of which, how-
ever, he gets very little now, owing to the state of our
treasury) and rations for five men and two horses, is
very useful to him. He and Soligrsac, the new deputy
Commander-in-Chief, are very friendly. We are well
provided with necessaries; provisions, although dear, are
not very scarce, as we have had supplies from Vigo. We
feel the want of money, however, in many ways, arid have
no expectation of touching our arrears before we get to
Lisbon.

" I am sorry to say the Miguelite feeling in some of the
officers of the British squadron is very marked. A few
days ago an aide-de-camp of Santa Martha visited
Captain Glascock, and was most graciously received. Sir
John Milky Doyle, who happened to go on board whilst
the Miguelite was with Captain Glascock, did not go into
the cabin, as the meeting might not have been a very
pleasant one to Captain Glascock. The object of the visit
of Santa Martha's aitle-ile-camp, was to inquire whether
there was any truth in the reported interference of the
British and French Governments in favour of Donna Maria.
It seems that if this were known to be true in the Mi-
guelite camp, the usurper would in a week be abandoned
by two thirds of his officers.
"We arc still busy in the battery of the Arabida. It ought
to have been finished a fortnight ago, but things will progress
now that Solignae has arrived.

" The weather has been very cold lately, and we have had
much rain. This will impede our operations a little, but I
hope my next letter will not be dated from Oporto.
" The Water Witch cutter arrived here a few days
ago, with supplies from V go. saw and convers,d
with the mate, a very respectable man in his appear_
ance and manner, who a.sum d me, that the day be-
fore he left Vigo, two fins Spanish regiments, each
nearly 1,600 strong, were shouting vivas for Dianna
Maria, and demanding to embark IT Oporto. This was
not of course permitted by the authorities, but my infor-
mant said many of the soldiers threatened to desert, and
to get on board Sartorius's fleet when on the point of
sailing. If this man has not told me a downright false-
hood, you may regard hi 4 information as important.
Thus tell your friends at the Admiralty, that when they

send out ships again to Oporto, they will do well to draft
out the Miguelites for home service."

A private letter received this morning, from
St. Omer, states, that Sir ROBERT WILSON,
in company with the Marquis of DOURO (eldest
son of the Duke of WELLINGTON), had arrived
in that town, from Antwerp, and had had an
interview with the brave veteran, Baron General
CHASSE, who appeared much delighted at seeing
the son of his former Commander-in-Chief.
Several French officers of distinction have also
visited this old soldier, who highly admired the
courage that he evinced to the last. Lie suffers
very much from illness.

An express has been received this morning
from Paris, bringing the Papers of Thursday, and
the IVlessager des Chambres dated yesterday.
They are principally filled with comments on
the debates that have taken place in the Cham-
ber of Peers and the Chamber of Deputies, for
the passing of a law repealing the one passed on
the 19th January, 1816, on the restoration of
Louis XVIII., that the 21st of January should
be kept as a day of prayer for the soul of
Louis XVI. The modification offered by the
Peers have been treated with ridicule, and this
may be considered the first contest that has taken
place between the two Chambers. The Liberals of
France have long been wishing that so absurd a
law should he repealed since a new dynasty has
ascended the throne. The Quotidienne and
the Gazette de France, with their usual acrimony
against Louis PHILIP and his Ministry, are
pleased to style the Chamber of Deputies an
assembly of democrats, who wish to overthrow
all Royal authority, and take the reins in their
own hands, similar to the Convention. This
victory of the Chamber of Deputies over the
Upper House has created a great feeling in
Paris, as it is likely to lead to greater reform in
the Constitution.

The Ministerial Journals give detailed ac-
counts of the loyalty and congratulations that
the Citizen King, the Dukes of ORLEANS and
NEMOURS, Prince de JOINVILLE, and the
whole of the Royal Family, have met with from
the troops and inhabitants in the Department of
the North. This is a sufficient demonstration to
prove that if LOUIS PHILIP only encourages
liberal principles, no Monarch can be more
popular with the French nation. The Royal
cortege, with the King and Queen of BELGIUM,
is expected to return to Paris in a few days.
Daily interviews take place between the Am-
bassadors of Prussia, Austria, England, and the
Duke de BROGLIE, Minister for Foreign Af-
fairs, on the subject of the settlement of the
Belgian question. The answer of the King of
HOLLAND, although far from being so satisfac-
tory as might be wished, still gives hopes that an
amicable arrangement may yet take place to the
honour of both countries, without the peace of
Europe being disturbed.
The report of the Germanic Confederation
having declared in favour of King WILLIAM
of Holland has produced very little effect at the
Bourse ; for were these petty States to attempt
any hostilities, a revolution would soon declare
itself in favour of liberty, which would lead to
their overthrow.

The contest between the Pacha of EGYPT
and the Great SULTAN creates some anxiety
among the merchants at Marseilles and other
ports of France. It was rumoured at the Bourse
that MAHMOUD had applied to Russia, England,
and France, to interfere in his behalf, according
to treaties.

The news from Spain, received at Paris, is
up to the 9th instant. FERDINAND had again
assumed his regal power, conjointly with the
QUEEN. This event had created a great sensa-
tion in Madrid, as FERDINAND is well known to
encourage the apostolicals and priests, and has
taken into favour ZEA BERMUDEZ, who is at
heart a Carlist, although he dissitnulates his real
principles. A great crisis is near approaching
in the Peninsular, when a violent struggle will
take place for liberty. The arrival of Sir S.
CANNING was hourly expected ; his mission is
looked to with great anxiety by the Constitu-
tionalists, who hope that the recognition of
Queen Donna MARIA, of Portugal, has at
last been definitively agreed upon between France
and England, so as to put an end to the atrocities
of the usurper MIGUEL.
The Brest squadron, it is said, has sailed for
the Tagus, where it is to be joined by an Eng-
lish one to demand satisfaction for the insults
offered to the British and French flag by the
troops of Don MIGUEL.
Paris continues tranquil.

There is a case in our report of the Chancery
proceedings of this day, calculated to suggest
the most important reflections to the minds of
those who take an interest in the difficult ques-
tion of slavery emancipation; but we have only
space and time left to request our numerous
readers to give a careful and attentive perusal to
the facts.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

COVENT-GARI
There was a good supply of be
morning's market, but the tract
than on this day se'nnight, othi

IEN MARKET.

)th Fruit and Vegetables at this
le was dull. Greens were lower
ler things about stationary.

Potatoes (cwt.) 2 6 tos C
Ca.bages,Savoy(l2) 2 0 4
Ditto Red 2 6 4
...• 0 6 1 6
Horse Itadish(bundle) 4 0 6 0
Celery 0 6 1 3
Carrots ,12b,inches) 3 6 6 6
Turnips
Coleworts or Greens,., 3 0 4 6
Leeks. 1 0 1 fi
EFonrg.iGishra,pFeosr(cpeder
..
..
.. 01
80
22 66
Filberts 0 9 1 0
Pine Apples (lb.)

s. d. s. d.
Spinach (half-sieve) 0 4toll 0
Apples 20 86
Pears 4 0 8 0
Onions 2 6 4 0
SevilleOranges(loo) 9 0 12 0
F.Sweet Oranges 8 0 14 0
Lemons 8 0 16 0
IlEnglish Walnuts 2 0 3 6
Span.Chesnuts (peck) 6 0 10 0
French ditto
Spanish Hazlenuts 5 0 9 0
French Walnuts 4 0 8 0
Brazilian Nuts 2 0 4 0

HAY at A ItKETS.—t et t per Load of 36 Trusses.)
CUMBERLAND (LATEST. JAMES'S.)
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay .C 2 0 to £2 5
kzew \teaclow. Hay 0 0 0 0
Useful Old !htto 2 15 3 10
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 15 4 0
uover Fla; ..... :
Oat Straw 1,1 Bto £1 101 Wheat !Ara,/ ... 110 113

SMITHFIELD.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay .£2. 5 to £2 10
New Mea.low Hay 0 0 0 0
Useful Old Ditto 3 0 3 10
Fin, upland Meadow and ltye_grass Hay 3 15 4 0
Clover Bay (extra fine)....£s s... Generally
'l,.t Straw ... £1 4to £1 61 Wheat Straw 1 8 1 10

Lord ELIBANK has resigned the commission
which he held in the military service of the East India
Company, on the Bombay estethlisliment. His Lordship
was in IndiA when, by his father's demise, he succeeded
to the family honours, and he consequently returned to
Europe.
