EEM AsOtilt Y.

MASONIC NOTH'hs FOR NEXT WEEK.
Monday, July 9, LONDON. Nos. 40, 100, 143, 241,
319, 335.
COUNTRY. Nos. 131, 2311, 283, 320,
378, 425, 433, 455, 473,

517; 536; 541, 546; 5-53;.

570, 574,578, 680, 701.
Tuesday, - 10, Lo.N•noy. Nos. 23, 62, 290, 300, 367,
479.
COUNTRY. Nos. 24, 67,138, 145, 211,
. . 263, 292, 427, 471, 497,
501, 528, 537, 579, 604,
626, 668, 714.
Wednesday, - 11, LONDON. Nos. 3, 11, 19, 29, 47, 79,
92, 98, 237, 353.
COUNTRY. Nos. 126, 129, 159, 213,
215, 232, 314, 344, 400,
440, 442,.447, 468, 473,
577, 606, 647,'661, 690,

705. . • "
Thursday, - 12, Loxpox. Nos. 6, 18,.194, 271, 299,
301, 326, 338, 499.
COUNTRY. Nos. 45, 57, 70, 110, 111,
153, 172, 178, 214, 269,
278, 354, 384, 397, 420,
461, 518, 531, 540, 545,
556, 560, 5811, 587, 391,
642, 679, 717.
Friday, - 13, LONDON. Nos. 128, 161, 275.
COUNTRY. Nos. 53, 282, 283, 533,
550, 055, 709.
Saturday, -- 14, LONDON. * * *
COUNTRY. Nos. 358, 675.

On Tuesday last, the Royal ti toucester Lodge of Freemasons,
under the patronage of his Most Gracious Majesty King GeOrge.
the Fourth, met to celebrate the festival of St. John ; when,
after the routine of business at Freemasons Hall, the brethren
adjourned to the Star Inn, where a most excellent dinner was
served up. by brother Guy, of which about eighty of the. rethren
partook, including some visitors from Portsmouth, Winctiester, -
and Romsey. The bells struck out an enlivening peal, and
several excellent masonic songs were sung by the respective
brethren. The day was concluded with the, characteristic har-
mony and decorum of this antient and honourable fraternity.—
The Chair was most ably filled by the Worshipful Master, Dr.
Irving, and the company were highly gratified at the recital of
an Ode in honour of Masonry, (in imitation. of Dryden's cele.
b'rated Ode on St. Cecilia's day), written expressly for the pur-
pose by Brother C. Miles.
On Alonday last the Brethren of the Lodge of Harmony and
St. Rogue's Hill, No.' 52, Chichester, - dirted--together in their
Hall, to celebrate the Festival of St. John theßaptist. The S-
ociety took this opportunity -of presenting (by deputation to his
house, he being unwell) an elegant silver tankard and cover
(purchased by voluntary subscription of the Brethren) to their
worthy Brother Jacques, P. 31. as a tribute of respect and gra-
titude, for his unrcmitted exertions and the faithful discharge of
his many arduous duties. The dinner was served up under the
Stewardship of Brother H. Parker, and gave universal satis-
faction. _ . _ _ __ _

C. K. K. Tynte, Esq. M.P. Provincial Grand Master for
Somerset, has, we understand, appointed a Grand Masonic
Meeting of all the Lodges in the province, to be held at Yeovil
on the.2-Ith inst. His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex,
M.W.G.M. of England,. has also appointed a Grand Masonic
Meeting to be held at Swansea, this day; for installing Sir
Christopher Coles, P.G. Master for the district of South Wales.
The professional Members of the Bath Royal Harmonic So-
ciety will attend, by particular request, at the opening of the
New Rooms, and give two Concerts on the oecasion.•
The Free and Accepted Masons belonging to the Lodge of
Union, 62G, met on 'Monday last, at the Anchor- and Hope
Tavern, St. George's-square, Portsea, to commemorate the
Festival of St. John the Baptist. The Meeting was numer-
ously and respectably attended, and the day was spent with that
harmony and good fellowship for which that ancient and
honourable Fraternity is characterized.
The Installation of Sir WAt. Die CRESPIGNY as Prov. G.
M. for Hampshire, will certainly take place this summer. The
M. W. G. M. the Duke of SUSSEX lots expressed his in-
tention of assisting in this interesting ceremony ; and His
Royal Highness, we believe, has added, that nothing but some
unforeseen public calamity shall induce him to postpone it. It
is expected that the meeting will be the most • numerous and
splendid Provincial Meeting of the Craft ever known, as the
fraternity in Hants and Sussex have long been looking forward
to it. We understand that the Brethren will congrzvc in the
-Old Assembly Rooms- at Southampton, which ere admirably
adapted fo: the celebration of Masonic Festivals.'

THE SUN.

SOLI M QUls' DICERE rALsum .4&-DE.iT?

LONDON,
THURSDAY, JULY 5, 1821.

The Paris Journals of Monday arrived at a
late hour this morning. It appears by letters,
from Vienna that-the Turks fired into an English
corvette at anchor in the port of Smyrna, be-
cause they suspected she had some Greeks on
board. The foreign Consuls, and particularly
those of England and France, immediately in-
sisted that the perpetrators of this act should be
severely punished. According to letters from
Trieste of the 11th of June fugitives from
Smyrna arrive daily, and report that several hun-
dreds of Greeks have been massacred.

The movements in Servia since the unjust
execution of the Archbishop of NIAID are of
so important a nature that the Austrian Govern-
ment has ordered several bodies of troops to
advance towards her frontiers ; and it is also
stated that the Austrian troops in Carniola and
Carinthia are placed on the war establishment.,
The indignation of the Christians of Dalmatia
and Cataro against the Turks we know to have
been highly excited, and letters from that dis-
trict, written from Castel Nuovo on the 20th of
May, report that the Montenegrins had attacked
the Paella of Sodra, and that the insurrection in
Upper Albania was rapidly spreading. Bul-
garia is full of bands of insurgents, but
no regular army ; and it would seem the
head-quarters of YPSILANTI were still at
Tergowiscb on the 6th June. Report says, that
he ordered THLODOnt WLADIAILKOSKO to be
shot as soon as he was brought in a prisoner to
Tergowisch. it cannot be denied that all the
Greeks and other Christians under the Turkish
yoke are animated by the strongest desire to
shake off their domination. Hence have sprung
the insurrections in many provinces of the Otto-
man Empire ; but the Greeks, it is well stated
in an article from Augsburg, are ignorant of the
true state of affairs. They are now masters of
those provinces where they form the mass of the
population, for they have either killed or obliged
the Turks to retire in!o their fortified
towns. This war is a war of extermination : the
insurgents hope every thing ; the Turks fear
nothing. But it must be admitted, the enter-
prize of the Greeks is at least very hazardous,
for hitherto there has been no unity of plan
among them. They are only agreed on one
point,—that of shaking off the Ottoman yoke.—
A number of Chiefs have started up, but each
acts in furtherance of his own views. if, how-

ever, they could be placed under °tie Chief, one
Supreme Authority, we should have little doubt
of their success.

The accounts from Spain are as late as the 24th
ult. The Cortes were occupie on the 21st with
nagisiv,..%!he A- hers of tiNpe maneq Deputa-
ta of the to/r eg dtliArtlloe?es;..-‘ gALDPv,te.
effects in the mountains of Andalusia what ME-
RIN() has done so successfully in Castille. The
detachments sent in pursuit of these Partisans
have not been able to come up with them. Ma.
drid is far from quiet, but no open disturbances
are expected to break out, though much
inflammatory language is used in the debat-
ing clubs, as long as MORILLO retains the com-
mand of the armed force of Madrid. The appli-
cations in favour of General ELI° are very
urgent, and several -conferences on this subject
have taken place between the Ministers and the
principal Deputies. It appears that the Empeci-
nado has been ordered to return to his govern-
ment, and that the' troops under his command
employed against MEntNo, have been placed.
under the orders of a Colonel ESCARICk.

Spanish Papers arrived likewise at a late hour
this day, which contain the following articles :---

AnANDA DE Du. Imo, JUNE 17.—The Officer of the Ca-
valry detachment of Rua has just arrived with the news that
four rebels have been taken, one of whom is brother.to Me-
rino's Aid-de-Camp, Uheda, alias the Ugly (el Fee). The
garrisons of- Covarrabias has taken fourteen others in Pio-
nilli de Tresmonte, and the Procurador (Attorney) of that
town, and the Town Clerk of Briongos, who were carrying
letters to Merino. The prisoners say that Merino and his whole
band were dispersed by the activity with which they are pursued
by the light detachments. In a few days, perhaps, this infa •
mous Priest will be abandoned by those who are most devoted
to him.

CEUTA, JUNE B.—There has been much attention excited
here by a singular dispute which has arisen between the. Bishop
and the Political Chief, on account of some Jews who have
come from Gibraltar. The Bishop, it seems, would watch over
them as in those times when a Jew was considered as an
animal of a different species. He says that the Jews are prohi-
bited from entering Spain ; and in case any one obtains permis-
sion, the Ecclesiastical Authority is to appoint a person to watch
over his conduct. The Political Chief replies that he knows there
is such a prohibition; but the religion of strangers is not
marked in their passports, and he is not ordered by any law
to inquire into it. Besides the Law of the 24th October last
declares the Spanish Territory an inviolable asylum for the
persons and properties of all Foreigners, whether residing in
Spain or not, so long as they respect the Constitution of the
Monarchy, and the other laws which govern the subjects of it.
MADRID, JUNE 21.—Complaints continue to be received
from various sea-ports, of the scandalous extent to which smug-
gling has arrived in all parts of the kingdom. Letters from
Algesiras complain bitterly of the encouragement given to this
demoralizing system, by degenerate and unnatural Spaniards
themselves, the result of which conduct will lead to the ruin of
the Country. Though this occupation, unworthy of every true
Spaniard, is general in every corner of Spain, thisseandalous
abuse is favoured in a particular manner at Algesiras, by the
proximity of the fatal Rock of Gibraltar.

The Tribunal of the National Consulate at Cadiz has ad-
dressed a memorial to the Cortes on this subject, pointing out
the incalculable injury done to the national commerce and ma-
nufactures, the loss to the revenue, the corruption of morals,
and proposing remedies to check this crying evil.
Accounts from Seville up to the 14th instant state, that
though the insurgent Zaldina had hitherto eluded his pursuers,
some of his partisans had been taken, and it appeared certain
that he had not above four or six men with him, the proclama-
tion of Menial Law by the political chief of the Province of
Cadiz having induced thoSe who had joined him to return to
their homes.

In the Siting of the Cortes on the 18th, a letter from General
Quiroga was read, in which, after returning thanks for the mu 7
nificenee of the Cortes. in granting him a pension, he declares,
that he feels himself sufficiently rewarded by the approbation
of his services, and that he shall want nothing as long as the
Spaniards are free.—Several Members complimenting the dis-
interestedness of the General, thought his refusal should not be
accepted.: that regard should be had to his family, and §ome
thought he had no right to refuse, and to make himself greater
than the Cortes, who had decreed this mark of National grati-
tude. The General's offer to renounce his -pension was de-
clared to be inadmissible.—(El Universel, June 21.)
" The. Universel," of 19th June, declares an article in the
" Gazette de France" (which it translates relative to pretended
'occurrences at Madrid) to be wholly false. • -

Charleston Papers to the 28th May, arrived
this morning. The following are extracts
BOSTON, MAy 22.—The brig Juno, of Ren-
nebailk, which put into Norfolk in distress,
brings accounts that LAFITTE has been brought
to Old Providence, a prisoner in his own vessel,
a large privateer schooner, and that he would be
sent to Venezuela, in irons, to receive sentence.

44 UNITED STATES SCHOONER LYNX.-Serious
apprehensions are entertained for the safety of
this vessel; she sailed from St. Mary's, under the.
command of a Lieutenant, on the 21st January,
direct for Janeiro, and she haS not since been
heard of."

Extract of a Letter from Buenos Ayres, 27th March.

" RAmirtEz, who has collected a considerable
force at Entre Rio, with which, it Ss reported,
he was going to attack the Province of Santa Fe,
has caused great alarm here, and all citizens, as
well as foreigners, have been called on to take
up arms. CARRER, at the head of a small
force, composed of Indians and disaffected citi-
zens from different quarters, had invaded the
Province of Cordova, the Government of which
had taken the field to oppose him. In the mean
time Deputies had been appointed by the diffe-
rent Provinces to a General Congress about to

' assemble at Cordova, for the purpose or adjusting
their differences and establishing union, but it is
doubtful whether their labours will have the de.
sired effect. ARTIGAS, after ling tl e whole f
his army, has taken T to ;use
ak\un *stN posSVNat..-ON nt, of
e Ole arl:litzt it is very gem
nerally supposed that, in case the other provinces
become united, one of their first measures will be
a declaration of war for its recovery."

The PRIVY COUNCIL assembled this day at an
early hour, ill order to investigate and decide on
the Claims of THE QUEEN to partake in the Ce-
remony of the Coronation ; but no account of
the result had transpired when this Paper was
put to press.

Our Paper of yesterday contained the, earliest
intelligence of an event, which, had it ,happened
a few years ago, would have powerfully affected,
and perhaps entirely changed, the existing rela-
tions of the Civilized World. The DEATH OF
BIJONAPARTE, however, so long after the over
throw and destruction of his power by the im-
mortal HERO OF ENGLAND, OD the field of Wa-
terloo, excites emotions and reflections which are
interesting only to the philosophical observer of
human nature, and to the historian. The inte-
rests of mankind were involved in the political
existence -of their scourge, not in the mere
breath of mortal ye, which has at length peace--
ably passed away from the frail and corruptible
tenement of that fierce and untameable Spirit,
whom ALMIGHTY PROVIDENCE permitted, for
purposes, doubtless all-wise and beneficent, ,

though inscrutable, to ravage the world in the
terrific whirls ind raised by his ungovernable
passions and desolating ambition. That day,
which saw the Eagles finally put to flight and
subdued by the resistless might of the British
Lion, and not the hour in which the Captive of
St. Helena yielded up his breath to the final
mandate of his CREATOR, was the proud period
of our glorious emancipation--was the harbinger
of that Peace, for which we had so bravely
fought ‘and so courageously suffered, and
which we so nobly won. That was the hour of
thanksgiving,—of congratulation,—of triumph,---
of "Joy for all nations, joy ;—but most for thee,
0 England, omy glorious native land 1.." Hu-
manity may drop a tear over the grave of the
fallen giant, who became the last great victim of
the mighty ruin which he himself had produced ;
but it is impossible to forget the terrors, the suf-
ferings, the crimes,—the years of anxiety, of hor-
ror, and of blood, which marked the portentous
course of that pestilence, which every where •
sprung up under and attended his footsteps—which
rifled, ravaged, and polluted, all things with 14 hick
it came in contact, however sacred in themselves
however, sanctified by time—however holy they'
might be in the best feelings, in the estimation
and in the bosoms of men. But for Thee, 0 Eng-
land I.—for thy invincible perseverance—thy un-
shaken constancy—thy virtue and thy might--
mankind must have been hurled back many centu-
ries into the joyless dominion of despotism and ion-
ranee !—While all Europe lay prostrate at the
feet of the Conqueror—lay passive, humiliated,
and inert, under the destroying flood of his
military despotism—the Citadel, of British Li-
berty, against which the tempestuous violence
loofw
sthe French
impotent .Revolution u
tury, si rd
eaasri e
dd
its
b be
ai 1:1
proudly above the ocean, in all its native
grandeur and venerable antiquity, laughing
to scorn the siege of the frantic invader, bid-
ding a firm defiance to the threats of mor-
tal power, and sending forth light, and sue"
cour, and hope, wheresoever wretchedness,
sighed for relief, or slavery groaned for res',
cue.—But, Peace be to the ashes, of the dent-11
—We have 'fought the good fight ; and ,
reward has been commensurate with the sp10"
dour of our achievements and the magnitude °,r
our efforts. The final dissolution of our gred!

enemy affects us, no further than, the relief %do'
it brings from an irksome and ungracious charge

an expensive though necessary establishment
What may be the influence of the same evert
over the minds and the political condition °f
the people whom he ruled in the days of
his ascendancy, remains to be seen. VC °
would fain hope that it will be salutary and
neficial—calculated to unite them still cios-„, : 1 4,
grateful affection to the family of their n"'
ent
Sovereigns, and favourable to the developbe
• has
of the infant Liberty of France, .0111 c
sprung up under the mild and beneficen t sway
of her present venerable and paterna KING.

The KING returned to town on Tuesday
—.........
even-
ing from Hampton Court. •
. The expence to this country" of keeping Buo-
-
NAPIRTE at St Helena amounted to..little short of
half a'million ti year. . .
