THE S[JN, LONDON, FRI PA J11.3 194.;

SPIRIT MARKET.

Rum held firmly, but the demand has been limited.
Brandy sold well, and rather lower. British Corn Spirits sold
well at 10s. Id. per gallon.
TALLOW MARKET.

The demand was to a fair extent, at 51s. 9d. on the spot,
and 525. 9d. for arrival.

CRIMINAL COURT.-(THIS DAY.)

OLD COURT.

( Before Lord Chief Justice TINDAL and Mr. Baron
PARKE.)

TRIAL OF COURVOISIER'FOR THE MURDER
OF LORD WILLIAM RUSSELL.

The Court resumed this morning, and was crowded in every part.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex was on the Bench. Among
those present yesterday at the trial, we mentioned the name of Lady
Arthur Lennox. This was not the case; her Ladyship was not
present ; and our reporter, to whom a lacy was pointed out as Lady
Arthur Lennox, was misinformed. We state this upon authority.
At ten o'clock, Mr. Sergeant Arabin opened the Court, and the
prisoner was placed at the bar. He appeared firm, but rather fa-
tigued, and not in quite such good spirits as yesterday. Mr. Ser.
geant Arabin directed that he should be accommodated with a
chair, should he be desirous of it.
The Judges entered the Court shortly after ten o'clock.
Mr. ADOLPHUS stated that he had to say that in the course of yes.
terday a most important piece of evidence had been discovered,
which he intended to offer to the Court, and that, therefore, if the
Court wished it, he should open it.
Mr. C. PHILLIPS said that in justice to the prisoner the informs.

tion ought to havebeen communicated to his legal advisers; he must
deprecate any statement being made at present.

Mr. ADOLPHUS—The communication was made immediately
to you.

Mr. C. Plumes—Neither Mr. Clarkson nor myself heard any-
thing about it until the last quarter of an hour, and there is our
solicitor willing to make oath to the same as regards himself. Let
us know, therefore, to whom the communication was made.
Lord Chief Justice TINDAL—The evidence, I suppose, will be
produced in the regular course. Let us have no more inquiry about
it, but call the next witness.
John Tedman examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS—I am an inspector of
police. I was called to the house of the late Lord 'William Rus-
sell on the'morning of the Pith of May. I examined the back area
door, and found on it marks of bruises as if made by some blunt
instrument. There were bruises inflicted by the same instrument
on the door-post; but the marks on the dooe and door-post did not
correspond. At first I thought that the bruises on the upper part
of the door were done from the outside. There was a bolt at the
bottom of the door. It was very rusty, so that there
was great difficulty in fastening it. It nad not beeu
fastened for a considerable time. It could not have been in the
state I found it if it had been fastened the night before. There
were marks of, violence near it. It appeared to me as if those
marks had been made inside. I have not the slightest doubt about
that. I then saw the housemaid and cook in the passage close
by. In consequence of what they said I went into the butler's
pantry, on the same floor. I saw the' prisoner sitting on a chair
behind the door between it aecl the cupboard. Sarah Mansell said
"Oh dear Imy Lord is murdered." I said, Come along with me,
and show me where the body of his Lordship lies. We all went
up into the bedroom together. The cook accompanied
us. I cannot say who opened the door, but we all went in toge-
ther. On entering the room I found the curtain of the bed partly
drawn. Two of the shutters of the further window and the
middle one were open. The shutter nearest his Lordship's
bed was nearly ,open. I opened it, and turned to the
bed. I saw th s body, covered over, lying like a person
asleep in bed. A napkin was over the face. I took the napkin
off, and turned the clothes down. I saw a great quantity of
blood in the bed, from where his Lordship's head lay down to the
middle of the bed. The blood was its the bed and on the pillow.
His Lordship's eyes were closed, and he looked as if he were
asleep. His tongue was slightly protruded. As I did this, the
prisoner who was standing at the foot of the bed fell back in a
chair He said "Oh dear, this is a shocking *job," or "a
shocking thing—l shall lose my place and character." I
desired them to send for a surgeon, and a surgeon came in con.
sequence. There was a watchcase standing on a night-table by the
side of the bed. There was no watch in it. There was a Russia
leather little box and a mahogany box, and two note cases.—(The
article's were here produced and identified.) The articles were side
by side upon the night-table. The Russia case was open; thereat
were as they are now. There was nothing in them. I pointed to
the watch-case, and asked him if there were anything missing. He
said, Yes, the watch is gone. I asked him if his Lordship kept
much money about him, and if any were gone. He took up the
note-case, examined it, and said there was a 10/. and a 5/. note
yesterday in the box. I asked him it there was anything else
missing. He said he did not know—he did not think there was.
There was a book by the side of the bed, with s pair of spectacles
in it. It was on the floor next the window. The book was open.
I asked him how the book came there. He said, I left his Lord-
ship reading that when I went to bed last night. I searched the
russia-box, and found in it a gold ring, a spectacle-case, and two
coins—one a piece of Venetian money. They were both copper ;
and also another note-case. That was all I found its the box. I
thee went to the bookshelf hetween the windows—the
one nearest the bed and the middle one. It was
a book-shelf with a flat top, the books being below.
There was a silver candlestick on the shelf, with a
little snuff in the bottom. The candle was completely burnt
out. It was five or six feet from his Lordship's bed, right in front
of the face. A person in the bed could read by it, but not reach it.
After this the surgeons came. There was no instrument found near
the bed wills which the wound could have been inflicted. I found
a little Russia case with four rouleau cases in it—each was capable
of holding a good many sovereigns. They were empty. The case
was standing on the book-shelf. I asked the prisoner if any pro.
perty was missing from that case. He said I really cannot tell you,
but Ellis can. Ellis was the late valet. On the next table, be.
tweets the other two windows, I found a pair of boot hooks and a
gold pin. The tray of rouleaus was taken out of the box and stand-
ing apart from it (the box is the one that has been described as the
cash-box). I looked at the gold pin. The prisoner took it up and said
his Lordship wore that yesterday. On the table where the look.
ing.glass stands, in the corner of the room, near the last window, I
found a variety of silver articles belonging to a dressing_esse strewed
about the table. There is a crest upon them all. There was also
ass eye .glass and two razors, and sense other things. There was
not the slightest mark on either of the razors to indicate that the
act had been committed with them. There were six walking canes
in the room, four mounted with gold. There were four razors in
another part of the room. I said to the prisoner, It is a very curious
thief to leave all this property behind. He said, It is certainly
very strange. I then went to another table, at the foot of the bed,
near the fire place, and found a dressing case on it, which had been
wrenched open. (The dressing case was produced.) I considered
it had been unlocked before it was wrenched; the hinges were
wrenched off, as if by being thrown back, and that the lid had been
put on again, and the box locked, for the lock was shot when 1
found it, as it is now. There were some keys found in the back
drawing room, one of which fitted it. I also understood the pri.
toner had a key which fitted it, but do not know. I considered

the hinges had been wrenched as 1 described, because, if the per-
son had opened it in front, he would not have wanted to break
the back. There is no mark of any instrument having been used
at the back to wrench the box open, and if such had been
used, I think a mark musi have been left. The hinges are
inside hinges. There were four gold rings in it, and four bottles
with silver tops. I asked the prisoner if there was any missing from
it ? He said Yes, fire gold rings, which his Lordship wore yester-
day. Ile meant five rings in addition to those found. The prisoner
had examined the case when he gave me that answer. I asked if
there was anything else missing P He said I can't tell you, but
Ellis can. From there I went to the cupboard in the left-hand
corner, as you enter the room. I found there four silver.
mounted tobacco pipes, and an opera glass. I then examined the
wardrobe, and asked him if there was anything missing from those
places ? He said, Ido not think there is. The locks of those places
were uninjured. 1 found a rushlight in a stand, about one-third
burnt. The prisoner told me his Lordship always had a rushlight
burning at night. I asked him at what time his Lordship went
to bed last night ? Ile said, About half after twelve, or a guar.
ter to one o'clock. There was a key in the bed-room door inside.

I asked the prisoner if his Lordship locked his bed.room door.
He said his Lordship never did. The door opens very easily:;
I should not think a person in bed could hear it even if
awake. In the back drawing.room I saw the Davenport writing-
desk moved out of its place, and some papers lying on the ground.
The papers appeared to have been disturbed. On his Lordship's
writing desk I saw a screw-driver and a bunch of keys lying by
the side of the Davenport writing-desk. I asked the prisoner
if the screw-driver belonged to the House. He said " I be
lieve it does." I said, " Did his Lordship use it yesterday."
He said " I am sure I csnnot tell." We then went into the
dining.raom, The drawers of the sideboard were pulled out, and
the plate scattered about.

seas perfectly
.willingd
asttheitrio,:gaaydNnvii:
described
asi'
e Ilhebeys atpildireisiolsololuemsre'i'sia.lpoons and forks
Mr. C.fehrxl:citinFtnii:s
sideboard, Ile
h e
prisoner if the cloak •
btni)u'iatCstsrli'°t'chsgaset-iiiot tell how many. I asked the
other :articles found in the passage were his Lordship's and
I
and he said, Yes. I said no thief would ever leave ts
propertyi
HstereseatitdlOolrt atis ncigerhttaiw'''hlyenvelriey went to bed. odd. I asked if
He sll-111%1
behind.
the locked
had, and showed me, by putting up the chain, shooting the
and putting to the bolt. Ile bolted both top and bottom bolt lock,
. asked him how he found it in the morning. He undid the chain I
unlocked and unbolted it, and put the spring of the lock by the,
hook, snd I said, As you see it now. There is a door at the end of the
passage going into the garden. It is partly a glass door, The chain
was on that door. It was bolted, and it never Inal been disturbed
at all. There was an inside shutter to it. It was down.
It could be pushed down without unfastening the door. The glass
was whole and unbroken, and there was not a mark on the door;
the area.gate was uninjured ; it was locked. There is no gate to
the back area, I went to the pantry, and saw a press there with
sonic drawers ; they were open ; the top one was forced as if forced
by a chisel or a screw.driver, or some such blunt instrument. The
lock was sprung as if locked. The articles in the drawer were dis.
turlsed. There is a window in the pantry. I asked him if it was
fastened last night; he said, I do not think it was, but I cannot
say exactly. I then went to the backdoor on the basement story ;
it was very much bruised, as I have before stated. The prisoner
assisted in examining the door, and pointed out some marks which
I had not sera. I said to the prisoner, on examining the door,
Sonic of you in the house have done this deed. He said, If they
have I hope they will be found out. I said, there is not much fear
but what they will. I looked about to see how any body could have
got into the house. I examined the wall. There were some slates
which must have been disturbed, I should think., by any person de-

scending that wall. There was a quantity of dust on the slates,•
which was midis; tubed. There was dust on the load, but as Bald-
win and Groves were thcre before me the dust had been dicturbcd. A
man passing must have left the marks of his feet. behind. I sac: Baldwin
going up. A person going over the opposite wall would have got
to No. I There was no mark on that wall. A person could not
have gut to Lord Russell's house without walking over the roof of
the water-closet, the tiles of which were undisturbed. On tte,
other sine ie the area of No. I tt, which is very deep, touch deeper
than Lord Russell's. 1 went with the prisoner into his bed-rourn.
I found there a purse; there was a 5/. Bank of England note and
six sovereigns in it. I asked the prisoner how he came by the
note ? • He said he had given his Lordship change for it some days
..tgo, and that the rest of the money he had had some time. He
showed me his box. I examined everything in it, but folold nothing
to throw any light upon this case. The box was left in the room,
and the key in the prisoner's possession. lie left the box open.
Ile appeared to have on a quite clean shirt that morning. The
prisoner, although not in custody, was under the watch of the po-
lice, and the female servants were watched also. Care was taken
to prevent their having conference wi:h one another; but the Fri-
,:ner was not hindered from having access to his own room. Ile was
taken into custody on the afternoon of Friday, May 5, but
was not taken out of the house until Sunday. Constables,
however; were constantly with him. On Sunday he was taken to
thestation-house, and on Monday, the 11th May, he was taken
before the Justices at Bow-street, There were several examina-
tions, before his final committal. On the evening of 13th May, a
person, representing himself as the uncle <4' the prisoner, came to
the house and asked for some clean linen for the prisoner. I hay.
ing had directions to let him have what he required, went up next
morning to his box to get it, and in doing so unfolded a shirt, from
which the gloves produced dropped out. They are white cotton
gloves. I had on the previous examination unfolded the shirts in the
box, but had not shaken them. The gloves dropped down when I
shook the shirt. On the former occasion I had unfolded the shirts
without finding anything, and on this occasion I had unfolded the
shirt without finding anything, but when I shook it the gloves
dropped out. I examined the prisoner's hands on the 6th May, but
found no scratch or mark.
Cross-examined by Mr. C. Plum:m-1 examined the trunks of
all the servants, by their desire. I examined the prisoner's trunk, to
see if there was any weapon, or any article with marks of blood.
I satisfied myself on the subject. I searched as carefully as
I possibly could. On the morning of the 14th I found two shirts
that I looked at and found them free from spots. There were
several other shirts in the room. I unfolded the shirt I was about
to give for the prisoner's use, as nearly as possible in the same way
I did in the first instance. On the fith I took all the articles out of
the trunk. The prisoner and myself replaced them. They were
all replaced in my presence. The prisoner had access to the room,
and the women had access to it also. On the 6th there was no
spot of blood upon anything I saw. There was no mark upon the
glass.door. I examined it to discover if there was any.

Mr. C, PIIILLIPS—I do not ask you who did it, but are there
not a number of marks upon that door now ? Witness
There are.

Mr. PHILLIPS—And upon the post also ? Witness—. There are.
From the time the police entered the house Courvoisier was under
oar inspection. There were two constables appointed to watch
him—Cronin, who is here, and Sergeant Pullen, who is at the
house now. I found no weapon on the 6th in the prisoner's trunk.
Re-examined—When I examined the linen on the 6th I merely
unfolded it, without shaking it. A pair of gloves might have been
in it. The inspection under which the prisoner was, kept him
from access to all persons from without, and from the females. I
was not present when the marks were made on the glass-door, nor
were they made by my orders.

William Rose—l am a police constable. I went to Lord
Russell's house on the morning of the 6th of May, in company with
Baldwin. I went into the yard, and saw the wall. It has an
edging of slate on the top. That edging does not appear disturbed.
The wall itself is whitewashed. There were no marks upon it.
I went up to examine thelead flat with Baldwin. It was covered with
dust. There was no mark upon it. I tried the dust. There
was sufficient dust on the lead for me to write my
name on it. I also examined this small building on the opposite
corner. ( Witness referred to the model.) There is a weather-
' board at the end of it projecting. Neither the tiling of the build-
ing nor the board was disturbed. It is strong enough to bear the
weight of a man. Supposing you ware to go over the roof of the
small building it would lead you over the leads. I went into the
hack premises of No. 15.
Henry Beresford, examined by Mr. CHAMBERS --I am an In-
spector of police. I went to Lord W. Russell's on the morning
of the 6th May, about eight o'clock. After seeing his Lordship's
body, I examined the back area door. I saw several marks upon
the door and the door-post. The marks on the door I thought at
first had been made with the door open, and ray impression was that
the marks on the post were made with the door open, and from
the inside. On further inspection I have altered my opinion. I
think now they were made while it aas closed, by a person standing
outside the door, the door being on the latch, by the insertion of
some blunt instrument, which had been turned round. I should
say that the marks were made with a hammer. I tried the experi-
ment with the hammer on the glass-door, and produced marks pre-
cisely similar. The marks on the door were something lower than
the marks on the door post. The socket of the top bolt was down
on the ground, with two nails in it. I examined it, and it appeared
as if some instrument had been put in the socket itself to force
it off There were black marks on it, as
byif nrivasdte
abiylda
dpeockaeyr..
It
could not have been forced off if the bolt had been shot. The
lower bolt did not appear injured, except
thought at first it might have been, but do. not now. I attempted
to move the lower bolt, but it was with the greatest difficulty I
could move it at all, from rust--(the door and door-post were here
produced, and
.the witness explained the marks to , the Jury.)
On the door-post and-the lower bolt there are 'narks, of considerable
violence outside, as if produced by. a chisel or screw-driver.
There are scarcely any marks. on the door. opposite. There is
one, but very slight ; not at all corresponding with the mark
made on the post. Passing upwards, the next marks are
those I have described, and which 1 suppose to have been made
with the hammer. The mark on the door is a little below that
on the door-post. I think they were made on the outside. They
could be made when the door was closed at the same time. They
were not of sufficient violence, in my opinion, to push open the
door even if on the latch. Going up, and outside, there were
five marks of exactly, similar nature, made with more or less
violence. On the glass door, fastened with only the latch, without
any bolt, I used quite as much violence without opening the door.
On the top-there are marks which I have already described. All
the marks were made with the same instrument, except
those at the bottom bolt. There was not sufficient violence to have
forced open the top bolt if It had been shot. The bolt could not
have forced off the socket. There are marks on the socket and
wood inside, which could not have been made by the bolt. It was
evident the socket was taken off' with the door open. There are
marks at ,the end on the post inside the socket which could not be
made by the bolt, because I shot the bolt, and it would
not reach as far. The marks were recently made, for the
mortar was disturbed, and was quite fresh. I went up into Lord
William's bed.room with the prisoner and Mr. Tedman. , I asked
the prisoner to describe all the missing articles, that I might circu.
late them through the police. He mentioned several articles, and
said that I had better send for Ellis, as Ellis could' describe them
better than he. After examining the door, I went up stairs
again, and then the prisoner, amongst other as ticles;degcribed a gold
watch. He said it was a gold watch, with three seals attached
by a black riband. It was of foreign make, but he could t.ot tell
the maker's name, but that it had " Lord William Russell " en-
graved on the case. That was all the description he gave me of
the watch. He said one of the seals had Lord W. Russell's coat
of arms on it—a goat. He went and got me an impression of the
seal. In the course of the day I went into the prisoner's bedroom
with Tedman and the prisoner. That was the first time his box
was searched. In that box, between two waistcoats,
I found a chisel. In Lord William's bed-room I had seen a rush-
light shade, with a rushlight partly burnt in it. I subsequently re-
ceived a rushlight from one of the servants. I lit it, to try the ex.
periment how long it would take to burn down to the length of
that found in Lord William's bed-room, and it took one hour and
a half.

Cross-examined by Mr. C. PIIILItps —I believe there is a lock
to the prisoner's bed-room door, but I cannot say. Ido not know
if the door was open. I did not notice if the trunk was locked or
not. I was engaged with Tednian in taking the clothes carefully
off the bed when the box was opened. I believe it was opened by
the prisoner. The chisel was found about the middle of the trunk.
1 went to the trunk for the purpose of examining all its contents. I
examined its contents. I examined so as to convince myself that
nothing suspicious was to be found.

Re-examined—l examined the black portmanteau. The pri.
soner saw me take the chisel out, he made no observations. There
were two shirts. 'merely examined their wristbands and fronts.
Mr. BODKIN said that something would be found in the deposi-
tions about the impression of the seal, which it was supposed might
implicate the prisoner, but it now appeared he had procured it from
an old letter in the house.

Mr. C. PHILLIPS—The prisoner said that he had obtained it from
Mr. W. Russell, and that gentleman has come forward in thZ.,
most honourable manner to state such was the fact.

The trial was proceeding when we wen to press.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

Fr
vo
smosna
,tihldeeidl.oß7r
adnja)a(
Jamaica,
ic.e
ikt
trhi g\' iator,
despatchesl
CoPnCimßTanSNdleOrt:TD(l
for Vice-Admiral Sir Thomas Harvey, Commander-in-
Chief in the West Indies. She will relieve the Satellite,
18, ordered home to be paid otf. Lieutenants W. A.
Fellowes, and \V. P. Jamieson, appointed to the flagship
Winchester, took passage in the Victor.
The steam-vessel Blazer, Lieut. Waugh, put into this
port on Saturday, from Malta, bn her way to Wool-
wich, to be paid off. Admiral Sir Robert Stopford was
at Naples with a division of the fleet, and private letters
state that there was no expectation of his being relieved
until the Spring of 1841. Rear-Admiral Sir John Louis
continued in Vourla Bay, with the remainder of the fleet.
Sailed on Monday, the Magicienne, 24, Capt. Michell,
for the Mediterranean, proceeding in the first instance to
Torquay and Lisbon. She took despatches for Admirals
Ornntauney and Stopford, and marines and boys for the
squadron.
The Vanguard, 84, Captain Sir David Dunn, is the
only ship fitting for foreign service at this port, and her
crew is gradually completing.
The Crescent receiving ship, Lieut. Donellan, reached
Rio de Janeiro from Spithead on the 6th April, where she
will be permanently stationed as a depot for captured
negrocs.
The Persian, 16, Commander H. Quin, arrived at Ma-
deira from Plymouth on the 12th May, and having watered,
left on the 15th for Cape Coast Castle, to send home the
Wolverine, 18, to be paid off.
The Jupiter,
in ' command of Mr. Fulton, master, got
under weigh from Spithead on Monday afternoon, and
proceeded for Madeira, the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon
and Singapore, taking despatches for Rear- Admit a
Elliot ; also supernumerary marines and boys for the
squadron, and a vast quantity of naval and ordnance stores.
Accounts have reached us of the 20th April from
Simon's Bay, Cape of Good Hope, reporting Admiral
Elliot still there in the Melville, 78, which was preparing
to sail for the East ladies with all despatch. The Blonde,
46, and Pylades, 18, arrived there on the previous day
from England, and the Blenheim, 72, Nimrod, 20, and
Fantome, 16, were hourly looked for.
The, Pique, 36, Capt. Huxer, has landed the Marquis
of Clanricarde at Sheerness, from St. Petersburg, and is
ordered to be kept ready for immediate service.
The British Queen has just arrived from New York,
and we hear that the news she brings is of a pacific nature.
She proceeds immediately to the river.
AT SPITHEAD.—No ship of war.
IN HARl:Of:R.—Britania, Victory, Royal George,
cellent, Vanguard, Echo,n
and Ibg tenders,

Glover
rigaernan(t
twit, were sworn this morning before
gaudet Ser-
Esq., of the Middlo Temple, and Stephen Galelee, Esq , of
the Inner Temple, having been admitted Sergeants-at-I.aw,
NEW SE RG EANTS-
?thuersLuaonrdt tcohhaenrcelyiaojre,satyt'sLi,iNn'
AeoTlnisLlAnni.—AT
presented rings with the motto—Regina et Leg„

ningga sale at the A tic-
undesirable no-
of a certain
tict
a pbl
faaa
:mar
readsaasr
nemn
aoecunq
?ut
csi
i
no-
toriety. r Noblei'le t h'
.ellalr'peq euhciasuv ofen bi dae
i irpoyiroemueas
tion Mart (tattler a fiat in bankruptcy against a celebrated West-
end tailor) of several overdue and unsatisfied acceptances of the
i
Noble Marquis. When the mmense fortune which the noble-
man in question acquired by his marriage is taken into consi-
deration, such au announcement is calculated to excite no less
surprise than regret.

[ADVERTI..; L.:L: 7;7T.
PNEUMATW O 1& ATAOSPITIERIC

RA IL \‘' A Y.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Old Slaughters Hotel, June 18, 1840.
SIR—Messrs. Samuda have, in your paper of last evening, in ad
rerptaiuhult style, attempted a wholesale denial to grave charges dc.
tailed in reference to public rep?rts and documents ; but their let.
ter is, in effect, an admission of some of rny allegations. As to
the correctness of the charges contained in my letters, the accom.
panying note of a gentleman acquainted with the facts will tend to
verify them.

The facts Contained hi the aforesaid public Report verify my
allegations. The gentleman referred to was a party concerned in
an intended 4, ssoCiation for working my patents in a part or Great
Britain and on the Continent (the printed prospectus of which was
laid before Mr. Clegg), in which he had agreed to become the en-
gineer. The latter gentleman to that end procured for Mr. Clegg
a-letter of introduction to M. Mauginack, of Paris, and I gave
-anGther letter of introduction to Baron Margurette, also of Paris,
the object being to take measures to introduce the Pneumatic or
'Atmospheric Railway, and Mr. Clegg wrote to me, amongst other
things, the following extracts

" Paris, April 12, 1838.
" M. Bonfil, Rue Caurnarten, No. 1.
" Application must be made here to the Minister of Commerce,
praying for a prolongation of time."
" I must be informed of all particulars," &c. &c.

" To get this done properly and in time, appears to me to be of
considerable importance. I think this is the very country and time
for such a scheme."

" When you see the Samudas, tell them that business is pro-
gressing."

" If I am rightly informed, your first patent is forfeited, which
I am sorry for, as it appears to me of much snore consequence than
your last for improvements. Your patents are of that importance,
that nothing must be left to conjecture."

(Signed) " SAMUEL CLEGG."
My patents were not forfeited; the French Government had pro.
longed the time for carrying the plan into effect.
Extract of a letter from Jacob Samuda to me:—" It is my opi.
nion that the drawings of the Pneumatic Engines would have been
sufficient for execution coupled with such explanations as are
always expected and given during the progress of such works.
I make this remark because a general plan (and we seldom have
anything else) never can contain the whole minutia., nor do we in
general look to have that supplied us, applying to the inventor for
any parts which the drawing does not sufficiently explain.

(Signed) " JACOB SAMUDA,"
1 may here add that one of the Samudas was present on the 31st
of August, 1837, when the Committee of Inquiry was appointed by
the Directors of the said Association, and was also present on the
20th of February, 1838, at a Meeting of Shareholders, when the
said report was read and adopted. The transactions with Messrs.
Sawuda is also mentioned in that report; they and Mr. Clegg had
settled with me the specifications and estimates for completing the
whole of the works, which estimates were laid before the said
Board of Directors. It is impossible to carry a scientific projection
into practical operation, without consulting confidentially the ma-
nufacturing engineers employed; every projector, therefore, is at
the mere} of such persons, and necessarily dependent on their com-
mon honesty. So much for the denial of confidential employment.
The contracts for works were with the Pneumatic Railway Am-
ciation ; the instructions relative to them exclusively with me.
The copper valve that Messrs. Samuda allude to, was only one of
several forms of valves, secured by my Letters Patent, to suit
varied applications of the system in which Messrs. Samuda agreed.
to become shareholders. As to the assertion that " Mr. Clegg's
patent is different from any patent in existence," &c.—it was settled
by Sir Frederick Polloek and Mr. R. Godson. The case laid before
counsel was ex parte. Did Mr. Clegg tell them that what he called
his invention he obtained the knowledge of from me, whilst confi-
dentially employed ? Did he lay my specifications before them ? If
so, how did he procure them ? I hare ascertained. that no office
copies have been obtained! but if they were before them they
must have seen that the mere construction of a valve was
but a small part of the combinations making up a new
system, without which combination the principle applied
cou'd not be carried into effect. Besides the copper valve,
my specification describes another, tthe which Messrs. Clegg
and Samuda now use. It is described as made up of a combina.
tion of prepared felt or other similar flexible material, with metal-
lic plates riveted thereto, forming a flexible valve which is at-
tached to one side of a continuous valve aperture, and under a
raised surface, which protects the valve. On the other side of the
valve aperture is a niche, in which is laid a:composition for sealing
the valve. So were Clegg and Sainudas instructed, and so arc they
using it.

A dynamic traveller is firmly attached tc, and suspended from,
the governor, to which isattached an expanding diaphragm, Moving
in the main in close contact with the inner side, and placed in a
particular position in advance of the governor, and the opening
part of the flexible valve. A regulating wheel prevents the valve
from •rising before the diaphragm, without which the air would
enter and destroy the power. Another regulating wheel presses
down the valve, to prepar.) the main for another train, without
which no action could be obtained. In lieu of this latter wheel
the gentlemen have ingeniously contrived to use a pressing bar,
which performs the same operation ?
Did Mr. Clegg inform Counsel that I sealed and unsealed the
valve.aperture by a cemented joint and the application of heat ?
Not by a warming pan, but by heating an electric wire, to soften
the solid cement. This I have specified in my patent commenced
about two years before his, procured, as .before stated, without no-
tice to me. Now, all this, with the exception of the warming pan,
Messrs. Clegg and Samuda have the audacity to use on the line of
railway near Kensington.

They cannot omit any one of the aforesaid combinations, and
obtain a practical operation of the system. Mr. Clegg is welcome
to the tearming.pan. and his bees'. wax cement, but he must not use
either in connexion with the aforesaid combination:, nor apply it
to the Pneumatic Alain, combined with the common system of rail.
way; and without those combinations I give him joy of his warm.
ing•pan and beee-tpaz !

With regard to the opinion of one of the Counsel, Mr. Godson,
who, on the day of public demonstration, asked me, in the presence
of a friend, How I liked it?" I replied, " Well—because it was
precisely mine, that he himself settled my specification for it." He
observed, " Not for so fastening down the valve." 1 reminded him
that he did, and quoted the words of my specification in respect of
the valve made up of a combination of flexible material and me-
tallic plates; and attached to one side of the valve aperture. His
reply was, "If you have specified that,:they cannot use this." Is
Mr. Clegg's `• patent," therefore, different from any patent in ex.
istenee ? And if my specifications contain the particulars herein
stated, and the said Report verifies my letter of the 13th Instant,
what is the proper estimate of the. truth or honesty of Messrs.
Clegg and Sarnutia!

I am, Sir, your obedient Servant,

HENRY PINKUS.
(Copy.)
3, Queen.street, Golden-square, June 18, 1840.
hfy dear,Sir;•7l have Seen your letter in The Sun newspaper of
the 16th instant, on the subject of Clegg's infringement of your
invention. I have read Samuda!s reply, and your answer to it,
dated the 16th.

Having been well acquainted with the matters referred to for
some years past, and having been present when the Report of the
Shareholders was adopted ; having seen the documents referred to
in your letters, and having procured the letter of introduction to M.
Mauginack, of Paris, and knowing that Mr. Clegg was to be the
Engineer of the intended Company, and that he was confidentially
employed by you, I have no hesitation in saying that the state.
ments contained in your letters are strictly true.
Very truly yours,
Henry Pinkus, Esq. WM. BOLLAERT.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING-(THIS DAY).

DEAL, JUNE 18. —Wind Mr •S.W. , fresh.—Arrived the
Leland, Kendrick, from Charleston; Centurion, Heppenstall,
and St. Ann's, from Quebec.
LIVERPOOL, JUNE 18.—Fresh westerly braezes.—Arrived
the Jane, Davidson, from Tampico ; Potomac, Burry, New
Orleans ; Mary Caroline, Lawson, Savannah ; Elizabeth,
Swan, CiArleston ; Mars, New Orleans. Off port, the Mary
Ann Hatton, Savannah. The Galstone, bound to Marseilles,
has put back, the crew refusing to do their duty.
YOUGIIAL' JUNE 16.—Arrived off, the M'lnroy, from La-
guayi a, after being on shore on the bar, but got off without any
apparent damage.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

LIVERPOOL. COTTON MARKET, THURSDAY.—We have had
a good demand for Cotton to-day, and prices have been rather
firm. Sales 6,000 bags.

The British Market at present cont'nues in a state of inac-
tivity. Consols opened at the leaving-off quotations of yester-
day, 911 for the Account ; Reduced 911 ; Exchequer Bills
25 27 prem. ; India Bonds 2 4 prem. ; Bank Stock 1751 174 ;
India Stock, shut.

In the Foreign Market, the only feature at present is Spanish
Active, which has rather improved, and may be quoted 27 ;
c'osed 263- ft ; Deferred 12t i ; Passive 6* i ; Portuguese
same as they left off, 353- i ; 'three per Cents. 244 3- ; Colom-
bian 271 i Mexican 314 321; Brazilian 76* 4; Dutch Two-
and-a-Half per Cents. 54 i ; Five per Cents. 1014 i.
SHAKES.—Great Western 41 42 prem. ; London and
Brighton 5} 5 disc. ; Blackwell 21- prem. ; Birmingham 99
'lOl prem. ; Southampton 58 59,14- per share ; Greenwich 9 10
ditto ; Croydon In 13 ditto.
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 176 India Stock ... ...... ...
3 per Cent. Red.......... 914 Ditto Bonds
3 per Cents. Con. — South Sea Stock
31 per Cent.
Ditto Red ...... 99i 100 00i. New Ditto —
New 3i per Cent. ...... 3 per Cent. Ann. 1751
New 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuities to expire Ditto ...... 500/. 24 26 pm.
Jan. 5, 1860... 134 13-16 Ditto Small
Oct. 10, 1859.
Jan. 5, 1860. ...... Ditto Advertised ... pm.
Jan. 5, 1880.
April 5, 1880. ...
Jan. 5, 1870.
FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Austrian Bonds — Peruvian Bonds ...... ...
Belgian Bonds — Ditto Account
Ditto Account — Portuguese Bonds —
Brazilian Bonds — Ditto New Bonds 3513-

Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds

Ditto Account 3si
Ditto, 3 per Cent 24
Ditto Account
Prussian Bonds .....

Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds
Ditto Account.
Columbian Bonds, 1824 271, Spanish Bonds .. ...... 26i 7
Ditto Account. 273 7 Ditto Account 26S 7
Danish Bonds ...... ... .. Passive
Ditto Account Deferred .
Greek Bonds
Ditto Bonds, 1825 — amoom 4 per cent... —f. —c•
Ditto Account — --- 3 per cent... —f. —c.
Mexicanßonds,s per cent Exchange... —f. —c.
Ditto Account ., 31/ Dutch, 2/ per cent ...
Ditto,6 per Cent_ Ditto Account
Ditto Account .. _ Ditto, 5 per cent —
Neapolitan
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE.
.E. s. d. X. s. d. £. s. d.
RAILWAYS. Paid. Per Share.
Great Western .................. ...; 65 - to
Ditto New
London and Blackwall
London and Birmingham 9O
Ditto New Shares
London and South Western 3Bl 59
Midland Counties lOO 94 to 941 5i
North Midland, (New)
South Eastern and Dover
JOINT STOCK YANKS.
National of Ireland l7/ lB to
Provincial of Ireland 25 .. .. 45
Union of London
HALF-PAST ONE.

Money continues at 5 per cent. in the house.
Consols are a shade lower, 911 for the Account; Exchequer
Bills Is. lower, 24 26. Money is rather in demand this morning.
In the Foreign Market Spanish has reached 271 ; at present
the same price ; Passive ; Portuguese 351 ; Three-per-
Cents, 24iti ; Colombian 27 ; have been 278 ; Mexican 33i ;
Dutch nothing doing.
•In Shares scarcely any thing doing. Great Western 41 ;
London and Blackvrall 24 to 2i prem. ; SQuth Wtstetn 1.9
per share.

1311,11.1.5 ii AND _FOREIGN ANTI-
) SLAVERY CONVENTION.

J. SPURGE, Esq., in the Chair.
The Rev. J. A. JAMES, of Birmingham, read the following
Report on Church Discipline, as connected with slavery :
The Committee to whom was teferred the paper of Mr. Godwin,
" On the essential sinfulness of slavery," with instructions to pro-
pose resolutions thereon, taking the resolution of the Rev. Charles
Stovel as the basis, take leave respectfully to recommend to the
Convention the adoption of the following :
Resolved—That the paper of the Rev. Benjamin Godwin, " Ozt
the essential sinfulness of slavery," be recommended to the Com-
mittee of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society for publi-
cation.

Resolved—That it is the deliberate and deeply-rooted conviction
of this Convention, which it thus publicly and solemnly expresses
to the world, that slavery, in whatever form, or in whatever ceun-
try it exists, is contrary to the eternal and immutable principles of
justice, and the spirit and precepts of Christianity, and is, there-
fore, a sin against God, which acquires additional enormity when
committed by nations professedly Christians, and in an age when
the subject has been so generally discussed, and its criminality so
thoroughly exposed. '

Resolved—rhat this Convention cannot but deeply deplore the
fact, that the continuance and prevalence of slavery are to be
attributed in a great degree to the Committee, afforded by many
Christian Churches, especially in the Western 'World ; which have
not only withheld that public and emphatic testimouy against the
crime which it deserves, but have retained in their communion,
without censure, those by whom it is notoriously perpetrated.
Resolved—That this Convention, while it disclaims the inten.
tion or desire of dictating to Christian communities the terms of
their fellowship, respectfully submit that it is their incumbent's
duty to separate from their communion all those persons who,
alter they have been faithfully warned in the spirit of the Gospel,
continue in the sin of enslaving their fellow.creatures, or holding
them in slavery--_a sin, by the camnaission of which, with what-
ever mitigating circumstances it may be attended is their own par.
ticu'ar instance, they give the support of their own example to the
whole system of compulsory servitude, and the unutterable horrors
of the slave.trade.

Resolved—That it be recommended to the Committee of the
British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society to furnish copies of the
above resolutions to the Ecclesiastical authorities of the various
Christian Churches, in the name of the Convention, thioughout
the world.
The Report was received with cheers.
The Rev. J. JOHNSTON,. in proposing the adoption of the
Report, begged to read the following letter from Judge Jay, of
New York, to J. G. Birney, Esq.—( Hear hear) :
New York, March 28, 1840.
MY DEAR Sul,— I have been favoured with your official notice
of my appointment to represent the American Anti-Slavery So-
ciety, in the General Anti-Slavery Conference of Delegates from
different parts of the a orld, to be held in London in June next.
Please, sir, to present to the Committee of your Society my ac-
knowledgments for this mark of their confidence, and assure
them of the high gratification it would afford me to unite in council
with the philanthropists of various climes and nations for the abo-
lition of slavery and the slave trade. But there are domestic and
other duties which have a paramount claim on my time, and which
deny me the pleasure of accepting the appointment with which I
have been honoured.

You will, I am confident, excuse me if, on an occasion like the
present, I take the liberty of offering a few suggestions for the
consideration of the Committee. The, proposed Conference may,
and I trust will, in various ways exercise a most salutary influence
on the abolition question generally, without in the least interfering
with the sovereignty and independence of the several nation's to
which its members belong; No American in that body could, with
propriety, sanction measures in any way derogatory to the rights of
his own Government; and I have no apprehension that any such
measures will be proposed.

The action of the Conference is to be of a moral nature, an 4 its
influence is to he that of OPINION. This is an age in which Go-
vernments, as well as individuals, are amenable to PUBLIC
OPINION, whether foreign or domestic. We ourselves have been
instrumental in commencing a mighty temperance reform in Great
Britain, and have received the thanks of the present youthful and
interesting occupant of the Throne, for placing our publication in
her hands. May the people of Great Britain reciprocate our good
offices, by uniting with the intended Conference in bringing the
opinion of Europe to press heavily upon American slavery. There
are various ways in which this may be legitimately effected. I will
only allude to the influence the Conference may exert through the
Church in this country.
That the American Church is the great buttress of American
slavery is a fact no less certain than it is deplorable. The great
mass of our clergy seem to acknowledge, in relation to this sub-
ject, the impious maxim, " `Sox populi, nox Dei." You know
that in 1835, the slave-holders of Charleston, after sacking the
Post-office, and burning the anti-slavery publications found in it,
voted at a public meeting their thanks "to the Reverend Gentle-
men of the Clergy who have so promptly and so effectually re-
sponded to the public sentiments, by suspending their schools in
which the free coloured population were taught, and that this
meeting deem it a patriotic action worthy of all praise, and proper
to be imitated by the other teachers of similar schools throughout
the State."

And so theseministers of the Lord Jesus Christ, crouching before
a wicked and cruel public sentiment, tamely relinquished a right con-
ferred on them by the laws of God and man, and expelled from
their Sunday schools all their pupils with black skins, literally
driving these lambs of their dock out of the Church, to perish
among the world's bleak moor.
Among the various denominations which are distinguishest for
their earnest endeavours to " keep abolition out of the Church,"
and' caste and slavery in it, that to which I myself belong, the Pre.
testant Episcopal Church, holds a prominent, but I rejoice to say,
not the chief place.

I beg leave to ask your attention to some facts respecting this
Church, for a purpose to be presently stated.
Bishop Bowen, of Charlestown, South Carolina, fully partaking
of the spirit of " the Reverend Gentlemen of the Clergy" of that
city, volunteered, not long offer the meeting already mentioned, in
an address to the Convention of his diocese, a denunciation of the
" malignant philanthropy of abolition," and contrasted " the
savageism and outlawry consequent on abolition, with " do-
mestic sere itude under the benign influence of Christian
principles and Christian institutions l"—principles and institutions
which denied Sunday School instruction to free coloured children,
and which, at the very time of the Address, tolerated the offer in
the Charleston Courier of fifty dollars for the head of a fugitive
slave—principles and institutions which led Mr. Preston to declare
in his place as Senator of the United States, " Let an abolitionist
come within the borders of South Carolina—if we can catch him we
will hang him." Against the savageism and outlawry of slavery
the good Bishop did not think it expedient to raise his voice.
In 1826, a clergyman in North Carolina, of the name of Free-
roan, preached, in the presence of his Bishop, two sermons on the
rights and duties of slaveholders. In these he essayed to justify,
from the Bible, the slavery both of white men and of negroes, and
insisted that without a new revelation from Heaven no man was
authorized to pronounce slavery wrong; and that while masters
'ought to instruct their slaves in religion, it was not necessary to teach
them to read the Bible. The sermons were printed in a pamphlet,
prefaced with a letter to Freeman from the Bishop of North Caro-
lina, declaring that he had "listened wiih most unfeigned pleasure"
to his discourses, and advised their publication as being " urgently
called for at the present time." This ex.cathedra proclamation of
the divine right of slaveholders must have been exceedingly grateful
to the owners of haman chattels throughout the diocese, and tended
strongly to attach them to the Episcopal Church. This high and
authoritative sanction of slavery was too important to be enjoyed
exclusively by a single diocese. "The Protestant Episcopal
" Society for the advancement of Christianity in South Carolina"
thought it expedient, and unquestionably. with Bishop Bowen's ap-
probation, to republish Freeman's pamphlet as a religious tract!
Thus did these Carolina Churchmen seek to advance Christianity
by fortifying an institution which, by converting human beings
into merchandise, opens a market for the sale of men, women, and
children, necessarily annihilates marriage, abrogates the rights of
conscience, seals up the volume of inspiration, and practically
establishes Heathenism among about one-third of the whole popu.
lation of the slave States. That the Church in the North is far
from guiltless of countenancing and fostering the abominations of
desolation, is evident from two striking facts, among others : first,
that the Bishop of North Carolina, who so gratuitously and unqua-
lifiedly endorsed Freeman's sermons, is a native of New York, and
hail only removed to the South a few years before; and secondly,
from the course pursued by the New York Churchman. This
periodical is edited by a Doctor of Divinity, late an instructor in
our theological seminary, and it enjoys the especial patronage of
the Bishop of this diocese, and was recently officially recommended
by him to the favour of the Convention. Yet has the editor fre-
quently assailed the abolitionists in his columns in bitter and
contemptuous terms. He has even volunteered to defend the most
cruel and iniquitous enactment of the Slave Code. In reference
to the legal prohibition of teaching the coloured population to
read, the editor says—" All the knowledge which is necessary to
salvation, all the knowledge of our duty toward God, and our duty
toward our neighbour, may be communicated by oral instruction,
and therefore a law of the land interdicting other means of in-
struction does not trench upon the law of God." That is, be-
cause a blind man may acquire a knowledge of Christian truth,
provided he has kind friends with intelligence and leisure to in.
struct him , therefore it is no violation of God's law to say to three
millions of our fellow-countrymen, " Ye shall NOT search the
Scriptures." No impiety in Southern legislators to shroud in dark.
ness the souls of nearly one-third of their population ! You know
we are often rebuked for our agitation by the assurance that the
preaching of the Gospel is the legitimate and effectual instrument
fur destroying slavery ; but surely the poor slaves have small
cause to look for their emancipation from the Gospel, when
preached by such men as those I have now mentioned.
It is riot, however, the slave alone, who finds In the Episcopal
Church Right Reverend and other apologists of his wrongs. The
persecuted and despised free man of colour feels his degradation
both sanctioned and deepened by members of the same Church.
I am credibly informed that a certain congregation in this diocese
holds its cemetery by a tenure which forbids the interment of any
coloured person ; so that if an episcopal coloured clergymen happen
to die in that parish, he would be indebted to others than his
Christian brethren for a grave!
But what is this indignity to the lifeless Ten:Lairs of a fellow man
to the insult offered in the name of the whole Church, by the Trus-
tees of the Theological Seminary, to every coloured disciple of the
Redeemer? You are aware that I allude to the formal deliberate
exclusion of Mr. Cumraell, a candidate for holy orders, from the
Seminary, solely and avowedly on account of his dark complexion!
But this is not all. There are instances of regularly ordained
Ministers, Rectors of Parishes, men having as valid a commission
to preach the Gospel as any other Presbyters in our Church, who
are virtually denied .s seat in our Ecclesiastical Councils, solely be.
cause they are not of the orthodox hue. The Rector of a coloured
Church in Philadelphia is excluded by an express canon of the
Diocesan Convention.

My object in troubling you with these details is to show the pro-
priety of taking measures to bring fully before the London Con.
ference the action of the Episcopal Church in behalf of slavery and
of caste.

Would it not be well for the Committee to cause all the publi.„
cations relative to Mr. Curnmell's exclusion from the Seminary, to-
gether with Freeman's sermons, and the recommendatory letter of
his Bishop, to be laid before that body ?

These documents may then, through the printed proceedings of
the Conference, be brought to the consideration of the British and
Irish Bishops, and of the Divines generally of the Established
Church. No portion of our whole community is so sensitive to fo-
reign influence as is the Episcopal Church here to the opinion of
the Church of England. The reception here given to the Oxford
Theology fully confirms this assertion. From the documents I
have mentioned the Established Church would learn with asto.
nishment the conduct of her daughter ; and be assured that all the
reproofs of American abolitionists will fall powerless on the ears of
the daughter, compared with the reproaches of the soother. Let
the doors of the Archiepiscopal Palace of Lambeth be closed against
pra.slavery Bishops and Clergymen from this country ;—let the
Oxford divines refuse to acknowledge as true churchmen, men who
would measure the rights of an Ambassador of Jesus Christ, by the
tincture of his skin, and we shall have no more decrees from our
Bishops and Clergy, forbidding a coloured candidate for orders
from listening to a theologicaldecture in the same room with young
gentlemen of high caste. No more exclusion of coloured Clergy-
men from our Conventions—no more Episcopal sanctions of sla-
very.

In justice to myself permit me to observe, that in my opinion,
the Clergy have full right to decide for themselves on the expe-
diency of
joining an A nti.slavery Association ; and that it also be..
longs to them to determine how and when they will bear their tes-
timony against the pollutions and abominations of slavery. But I
do hope that the intended Conference will bring down upon
such as are guily the censure of the Christian world for their
wanton and gratuitous perversion of their sacred office
in vindicating, as the ministers of a holy and merciful God,
such a stupendous system of iniquity and cruelty as American
slavery; and for giving their high and official sanction to the most
1 revolting form in which the wicked prejudice against colour exhibits
itself; in insulting and degrading the Christian ministry, and in
erecting the barrier of ca.te in the churches of Mu who was all.
