merit any substantial chance of complaint, appears to me 1
to aff_re: a broad basis on which the demand for the en-
largement of the powers of the Court may be conveniently
founded. The great advantage-of proceeding by units,
and net by misses.; is, that every individual liberation
would amount to the assertion of a vital principle, without
affording any reasonable pretext for apprehension or alarm.
" It may not be easy to suggest any better expedient
than that recognised by treaty, for the case of a difference
of opinion between the two Commissary Judges. It is
true that, :n doubtful cases, a decided leaning has been
observed, on the part of the Spanish Members of the
Court, towards the acquittal of the prizes b ought up for
condemnation ; and there may, therefore, be some reason
to apprehend a corresponding disposition, to resist the
liberation of the negro clients of the British prosecutor
As often as a sufficient air of doubt can be, thrown over the
rase to justify the hesitation of the Spanish Commissary
Judge.
On the very worst supposition it is possible to con-
ceive, the drawing of lots for the choice of the arbitrator
would be resorted to in every case, without a single ex-
ception.
" The practice o' the Spanish Judges, however indefen-
sible in many particular instances, has never yet been
•.arried to this systematic extreme, and, in fairness, it can-
not be said there is any just reason to anticipate such an
unheard of design of vertinacity for the future. But sup-
pose for a moment that the Spanish Judge and the Spanish
arbitrator were to be for ever deaf to the calls of duty, and
the evidence of fact, It results front the mere doctrine of
chances, which, when applied to thousands of cases, be-
comes infallible, that one-half of the whole of those to
be thus presented to the mixed Court fur adjudication
would be decided in favour of the liberty of the slave.
Now the systematic liberation of one-half only of the fu-
ture importations would be perfectly sufficient to prevent
the planter from paying a remunerating price to the dealer
er importer, and hence it is demonstrated that the system
I propose must be fatal to the trade.
" Objections of a dilatory nature may, of course, be ex-
pected on the part of her Catholic Majesty's Ministers, at
the outset of the negotiation. Tho necessity or conve-
nience of consulting the Governors or Captain's-General
of their transatlantic possessions, will probably be urged
is a reason for withholding their immediate assent to a
proposition which is calculated to affect the fixture interests
and prosperity of the Spanish West India colonies. To ren-
der this pretence unavailing, I am strongly of opinion that
the past and future importation of slaves into these co-
lonies should be separated from each other by a broad line
of distinction ; and that the object of the proposed nego-
tiation should be exclusively confined to the case of future
importations. The most convenient terminus a quo would
probably be the date of the first official note of the British
Ambassador, directing the attention of her Catholic Ma-
jesty's Government to the subject.
He was sure that he need not go further into the details ;
but he would, with the permission of the meeting, just
tdvert to what was said of his suggestions in the IVest-
minster Review, a work of high authority. In that work
there was an article on Mr. Buxton's book, on which
that Review tore both Mr. Buxton and himself to pieces ;
but he had admitted that if his (Mr. T.'s) plan
could be brought into operation, it would be effectual;
and the only objection he had to it was, that he thought
the Spanish Government would not agree to it. Now,
'hough the authority of that Review was high, he could
not agree with it, for he was convinced that Spain would
adopt it ; and if it did, the Reviewer admitted that by it
the value of the slave would be destroyed, and the en-
couragement to deal in them would be done away with.
He had a collection of reviews, which had been furnished
him by his bookseller; but he would not trouble the
meeting by reading them, as it would be sufficient for him
to say they were all favourable to the plan he had
brought forward. If it was consistent with the views of
the Convention, he should propose three things ; first, an
Address from the Convention to the Spanish Government
and people, pressing the plan upon their attention. He
should next propose an address to the French Govern-
ment, asking them to press the subject on the Spanish
Government.---( Hear, hear, hear.) He had spoken
with the King of the French with respect to it, and
he was happy to say he was very much disposed to for.
ward it. Thirdly, he should propose an address from
that Convention to the Government of the Queen of this
country, praying that it would direct that the Foreign
Office, which it was difficult to move, should consider the
subject. He could not understand from Lord Palmerston
whether he approved of the plan or not.—( Cheers).
Judge JEREMY felt extreme reluctance to appear before
them two days successively, but he felt called upon to say
a few words on the subject. Mr. Turnbull's intentions
all present viewed to be excellent ; his talents were emi-
nent, and his zeal was surpassed by none ; it was, there-
fore, with great regret that, while he acknowledged the
importance of the plan, he felt bound to doubt its success. •
Now what was that plan ? Why, precisely the one they
had at the Mauritius, which did not succeed. In that
country they had excellent judges, and an excellent public
prosecutor, and yet they had not succeeded in abolishing
slavery, for all the public officers there must shut their eyes
to what was going on. How, therefore, could it be passible
to adopt there the plan proposed by Mr. Turnbull? There
was another objection he entertained, which was to the
principle of the plan, and there, perhaps, rested the object
of the Foreign Office. What were they aiming at by the
present proposal? Why, to induce the Spanish Govern-
ment to determine rights of property arising within their
own territories.—(Cheers.) The King of the French,
Mr. Turnbull had said, seemed inclined to favour his plan.
Now how did they stand with respect to them ?
Why, the King of the French would not allow
foreigners to try French subjects or. board French vessels ;
indeed it would not even allow them to be tried by a
,nixed commission.—(Cheers.) Although he admired
the principle developed in the plan of Mr. Turnbull, look-
ing at what had taken place in the Mauritius, he felt bound
to say that it did not deserve the name of the panacea for
the abolition of slavery over the whole world.--( Cheers.)
Mr. STURGE felt bound to say a few words on the proposal
of his friend, Mr. Turnbull, believing that it was perfectly
consistent with the principles of that Society to take it
up.—( Cheers. ) Whether it could be carried out or not,
was another question ; but he did think that the Conven-
tion was bound to endeavour as far as possible to get the
principle asserted, either by English or foreign authorities.
(Cheers.) As he understood the purport of Mr. T urn-
bull, it amounted to this, that a system of registration
should be adopted in slave countries which would throw
the onus probandi upon the owners of s'aves, to show the
slave was his, and not that the slave should be obliged to
prove his freedom.—(Cheers ) That in his opinion was
a great point to be accomplished ; but he would carry it
further. He thought that the spirit of the treaty with
Cuba ought to be carried out to the letter, and that
whenever a master could riot prove a man his slave, he
should be set free.—( Cheers. )
Mr. D. Criewessoe was zfraid of sacrificing prin-
ciples to something like expediency, which would afford
a shelter under which their enemies might entrench
themselves. He thought the proposition of Mr. Turn.
bull was one which ought to be considered well before it
was rejected.
Dr. Bowers:a could not but consider that the Convention
was not at that moment prepared to address the Govern-
ments of Great Britain, France, and Spain, on so im-
portant a subject, but thought, however, that the
subject was one well worthy of the consideration of a
Committee. With respect to Spain, he could not
forget that, twenty years ago, there was a great desire in
that conntry to abolish the slave trade. He was present
when several resolutions were passed in that country de-
claring the necessity of abolishing slavery ; but those re-
solutions were passed by as the idle wind, which was not
regarded.— ( Cheers ) He did not think they would do
their friend Mr. Turnbull justice, unless they 'cut an at-
tentive ear to his proposal, and examined it in all its bear-
ings. He should therefore move that a Select Committee
should be appointed to examine and report on Mr. Turn-
bull's proposition.
Mr. JOSIAH CONDER thought the proposition of Mr.
Turnbull, as a subsidiary measure, was well worthy the at-
tention of the Convention, and on that ground he should
second the resolution for the appointment of a Committee
to consider the subject, and to report thereon.
Mr. Herinrs thought if they left the high ground and
principle they had assumed, and consented to adopt a plan
that only went to alleviate slavery instead of its total ex-
tinction, they would lose the moral influence they now pos-
sessed to put an end to the system altogether.--(Cheers. )
He would therefore give r o countenance to any plan that
recognised the existence of slavery at all.—( Cheers )
Mr. STERGE would ha e been sorry indeed to base elven
his assent to any propo:ition %bleb might have the effect
of impeding or injuring the great object they had in view,
namely, the total xtinction cf slavery over the face of the
whole world. Ile believed that Mr. Turnbull's plan
would have no ,uch effect, and he therefore thought it
their duty to consider it well before they either adopted or
rejected it.

Dr. Mourti;oN said that there was a great principle in
the movement itself. Such propositions as these were
xhat he expected to come out of the Convention, and he
thought, therefore, they ought to be well considered. Ile
considered that the moral influence of the Convention
would be felt more by foreign Powers than any of the
protocols that had been issued by the Government—
( Loud cheers.)
Mr. SANII7EL SOUTHALL, of Leominster, was afraid, if
they took the course now proposed, they would in some de-
gree be listening to expediency. If he understood the
proposition it was to adopt a system of registration by
which slavery would be modified, and if that was so he
could not but think they ought to do nothing to compro-
mise their principles.
The Rev. N. CoLvite. agreed with Mr. Harris that if
they adopted the plan proposed by Mr. Turnbta they
would lose their moral influence, as they would sanction
slavery by it for a season. Now what they wanted was
immediate emancipation, and that alone.—( Cheers.)
Dr. BOWRINO said that the reference of this prososition
to a Committee did not pledge the Convention to its ap-
proval.—( Cheers. ) All he desired was that the Commit-
tee should be charged with the duty of inquiring whether
subjectmight
the proposition was consistent with the great principles the
Convention acted upon.—( Cheers.) Many whose opi-
nions he respected thought there was a great deal in
the plan, and therefore he considered that they ought not
to reject it hastily. The Committee would have to report
during the
whole
FRANCIS BARKER, Esq., of Pontefract, thought they ought
ght o fbe thberou egohntvehnetfoiorne, them.
and
to stick to the great principles they had set out with, and
not enter into sahjects of minor consideration.
The Rev. J. KENNEDY, of Aberdeen, said that it had
struck him in the course of the present discussion that two
mistakes existed in the minds of thos.e who had opposed
Mr. Turnbull's plan. They had at first considered it as
one for the abolition of slavery instead of the slave trade.
Now his plan was to render the slave trade of little value,
by making the possession of them insecure, and thereby
making the traffic less profitable.
The CHAIRMAN then put the resolution to the meeting,
and declared it to be carried unanimously.
The Report of the Committee on American Papers was
brought up, and on the motion of John Backhouse, Esq.,
seconded by 11Ir. es.
Crewdson, it was resolved
that the replies to the queries of the British and Foreign 'I
Anti-Slavery Society,
on slavery in the United States,
furnished by the Committee of the American Anti-Slavery

Society, containing most valuable and very important in-
formation, be now received and referred to the Publication
Committee, to nublish the whole or such parts as they
may deem expedient.
On the motion of Dr. BowaiNG, seconded by the Rev.
Mr. SCALES, the following resolutions were also agreed
to :

Resolved—That this meeting has heard with deep in-
terest the measures adopted by the Viceroy of Egypt for
the suppression of the abominable slave hunts by his High-
ness's troops, and especially the declaration of his wish to
aid is bringing about the extinction of slavery. That the
thanks of this meeting be communicated to him, with the
assurance that the friends of civilization throughout the
world will hail with delight every step taken by the Vice-
roy in furtherance of his just and generous purpose,
whether by -impeding the importation of, and traffic
in slaves by the encouragement of agricultural produc-
tions in Central and Eastern Africa, by the abolition of
slave markets in his dominions, or by any, or legitimate
and pacific measures which may facilitate the manumission
of slaves and the entire overthrow of slavery.
That the present moment, when European powers are
exercising so general an influence os the affairs of the
Ottoman Empire, is peculiarly favourable to their inter-
vention for the suppression of slavery in the regions of the
East, and that a memorial be presented to Lord Viscount
Palmerston, entreating his Lordship's assistance in ob-
taining such declarations from the Sultan as are likely to
lead to the entire abolition of slavery in the countries sub-
ject to the Sultan's government.
On the motion of Mr. R. ALLEN, seconded by the
Rev. Mr. HINTON, a Committee was appointed to inquire
whether it it the case that manacles for slaves and bowie
knives, and other instruments of cruelty, were manufac-
tured in this country ? Whether it is the case that large
quantities of inferior fire arms are manufactured in this
country to be sold to the Africans for their slave wars?
Whether it is the case that cotton goods of a particular
fabric, and to a large amount, are manufactured in this
country, and solely intended for being used as barter for
African slaves ? Whether persons in England hold shares
in Brazilian and other mines, which are worked by slaves?
Whether any British Joint Stock Banks have branches os •
tablished in countries in which the slave trade prevails,
and whether quantities of gunpowder are exported from
any part or parts of Great Britain to Africa, and other
parts of the world respectively.
THE ACCIDENT.
One of the Members of the Convention wished to state
with respect to the accident that had taken place in that
room that day, that the unfortunate individual who had
fallen from the ledge near the ceiling while opening the
windows, was going on favourably, and that their two
friends who were injured by that fall had sufficiently re-
covered to proceed to the city.
The Convention then adjourned. it being half•past
eight o'clock, till to-morrow (this day) at ten o'clock.

BRITISH AND FOREIGN ANTI-SLAVERY
SOCIETY.
CONVENTION, JUNE 12TH, 1840.
PRESIDENT—THOMAS CLARKSON, EsQ.
VICE-PRESIDENTS.
W. T. BLAIR, ESQ. IJ. G. BIRNEY, ESQ.
JOSEPH STULGE, ESQ. I R. K. GREVILLE,ESQ ,LL.D.

SECRETARIES.
JOHN SCOBLR, ESQ. I REv. W. BEVAN.
HENRY B. STANTON,ESQ. WENDELL PHILLIPS, ESC).
REV. THOMAS SCALES. I WILLIAM MOROAN, ESQ
LIST OF DELEGATES.

NAMES OF THE DELEGATES, &C, AND FROM WHAT PLACE

OR SOCIETY DELEGATED.
1 Dr. S. Lushington, D. C. L., Member of the Com-
mittee of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery
Society.
2 Thomas Fowell Buxton, Esq., ditto
3 William Allen, Esq., ditto
4 George Stacey, Esq., ditto
5 William Ball, Esq., ditto
6 Robert Forster, Esq., ditto
7 Josiah Conder, Esq., ditto
8 Richard Peek, Esq., ditto, and delegate from Kings-
bridge
9 Robert Howard, Esq., Member of the Committee of
the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society
10 Henry Tuckett, Esq., ditto
11 John Beaumont, Esq., ditto
12 George Bennet, Esq., ditto, and delegate from the
Congregational Union of England and Wales
13 Josiah Forster, Esq., Member of the Committee of
the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society
14 Rev. John Howard Hinton, A. M., ditto
15 Henry Sterry, Esq., ditto
16 Joseph Cooper, Esq., ditto
17 Stafford Allen, Esq., ditto
18 Richard Barrett, Esq., ditto
19 Samuel Gurney, Esq., ditto
20 Rev. John Woodwark, ditto, and delegate from the
Congregational Union of England and Wales
21 Rev. John Young, A. M., Member of the Committee
of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society,
and Delegate from the United Associate Synod.
22 William Taylor, Esq., ditto
23 Samuel Fox, Esq., ditto
24 Lewis Celeste Lecesne, Esq., ditto
25 Robert Russell, Esq., ditto
26 Rev. Thomas Price, D D., ditto
27 Jacob Post, Esq., ditto
28 George William Alexander, Esq., ditto (Treasurer)
29 John Harfield Tredgold, Esq., ditto (Honorary Se.
cretary)
30 Thomas Clarkson, Esq , Honorary Corresponding
Member of the British and Foreign Anti. Slavery
Society
31 Joseph Sturge, Esq., ditto and delegate from Bir-
mingham, and Spanish, Town and St. Katharine',,
Jamaica
32 Sir John E. E irdley Wilmot, Bart., M.P., Hon.
Cor. Member of the British and Foreign Anti-
Slavery Society
33 Sir George Strickland, Bart., M.P., ditto
34 Joseph Pease, jun., Esq., M. P., ditto and delegate
from Darlington
35 Hon. C. P. Villiers, M. P., Honorary Corresponding
Member of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery
Society
36 Rev. Joseph Ketley, Demerara
37 R. R. Madden, Esq. M.D., Hon. Cor. Mem, and
delegate from Dublin
38 Rev. James Mirams, from Berbice
39 Rev. H. S. Seaborn, ditto
40 Rev. Giles Forward, ditto
41 D. Turnbull, Esq., Hon. Cor. Member from Paris
42 Mons. S. l'lnstant, from Hayti.
43 Mr. Justice Jeremie, Ceylon.
44 J. H. Berguin, Esq., Hon. Cor. Member of the
British and Foreign Anti. Slavery Society
45 M. Dupois, ditto, ditto
46 Rev. R. Moffatt, ditto, ditto
47 Rev. John Kennedy, Aberdeen
48 Thomas Hodgkin, Esq., London, from the
Aborigines Protection Society
49 Edward Beck, Esq., Isleworth, ditto
50 S. Bannister, Esq., London, ditto
51 Roh:rt Bell, Esq., ditto
52 Rev. James Morgan, Belfast
53 James Stansfield, Esq., ditto
54 Samuel J. Prescod, Esq., Barbadoes
55 Rev. Thomas Harwood Morgan, Boston ' • King's
Lynn ; Bourn ; Leake ; Gosberton ; and Lincoln.
shire Association of Baptist Churches
56 Richard Edmonds, Esq., Banbury
57 Samuel Beesley, Esq., ditto
58 Caleb Clarke, Esq., ditto
59 William Bigg, Esq , ditto
60 Alfred Beesley, Esq., ditto
61 R. Goffe Esq., ditto
62 Henry Martin, Esq., Brompton
63 William Busfield, Esq , M.P., Bradfor York
64 Ellis Conte: Lister, M.P., ditto
65 Rev. James Acworth, A. NI., ditto
61i Rev. C. E. Birt, Bristol
67 Joseph Eaton, Esq , ditto
68 J imes Whitehorne. Esq., ditto and ama
69 Joseph Reynolds, Esq., Bristol
70 Rev. John Jackson, Bath
71 George Dillwyn, Esq., ditto •
72 W. T. Blair, Esq , ditto
73 Captain C. R. Moorsom, R. N., Birmingham
74 Rev. Thomas Swan, ditto
75 William Boultb2e, Esq , ditto
76 Rev. Thomas M rertn, ditto, and Mi Hand Baptist
Association, and Pembrokeshire Baptist Association
77 Richard Tapper Cadbury, Birmingham
78 Rcv. I'. M. M'Donnell, ditto
79 W .1: iam Mar an, Esq., ditto, and corresponding
Member of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery
Society
80 John Sturge, Esq.. Birmingham
81 Rev. John Angell James, ditto end Jamaica
82 Thomas Pinches, 1?..Fq., Birmingham
83 Sir T. W. Bimefield, Bart. Brighton
84 Isaac Bass, Esq , Brighton
85 Daniel Prior Hack, Esq., ditto
86 Joseph Sams, Esq., Barnard Castle
87 Rev. William James, Bridgewater
88 Francis J. Thompson, Erie, ditto
89 Rev. W. G. Lewis, Chatham
90 Rev. P. Thompson, ditto
91 Joseph Young, Esq , ditto
92 Rev. 11. T. Austen, Colchester
93 Thomas Catchpool, Esq , ditto
94 John A. Fullerton, Esq., Congregational Union of
Scotland.
95 Rev. William Lindsay Alexander, ditto, and Edin-
burgh
96 Rev. Thomas Puller, Congregational Union of Scot.
land and Glasgow
97 Rev. Daniel White, Cirencester
98 John Dixon, Esq , (Mayor) Carlisle
99 George Head Head, Esq , ditto
100 Thomas Sheffield, Esq., ditto
101 Joseph Ferguson, Esq., ditto
102 John Little, Esq., ditto
103 Captain Wanchope, R.N., ditto
104 Rev. Joseph Gray, Chelmsford
105 Joseph Marriage, Jun., Esq., ditto
106 Charles S. Gray, Esq., ditto
107 John Copeland, Jun., Esq., ditto
108 William C. Wells, Esq., ditto
109 Rev. John Burnet, Congregational Union of England
and Wales
110 J. B. Brown, Esq., LL. D. ditto
111 Jahn R. Mills, Esq., ditto
112 Rev. W. H. Murch, D. D., Baptist Union and Frome
113 Rev. Edward Steane, Baptist Union
114 Rev. Caarles Stovel, ditto
115 Rev. Timothy Moore, Baptish Churches of Shak
speare's_walk and Little Prescot-street
[l6 William Bowser, Esq., ditto ditto
117 James Cunliffe, Esq., Blackburn
18 Professor Johnstone, University of Durham
19 Jonathan Backhouse, Esq.' Darlington
20 Joseph Pease, sen., Esq., ditto
21 Henry Pease, Esq.. ditto
122 Robert Longdon, Esq., Derby
123 William Williamson, Esq., ditto
124 John Steer Esq., ditto
125 Rev. J. H, Johnson, M. A., Devizes
126 Rev. Richard Elliott, ditto
127 George W. Anstie, Esq., ditto

128 Daniel O'Connell, Esq., M. P., Dublin and Glasgow.
129 William Torrens M'Cullagb, Esq., Dublin
130 James H. Webb, Esq., ditto
]3l James Houghton, Esq . ditto
132 Richard D IVrbb, Esq , ditto
133 James Webb, Esq., ditto
134 Thomas Webb, Esq., ditto
135 Richard Allen, Esq., ditto
136 Rev. Samuel :11.A11, Doncaster
137 Rev. Christopher Anderson, Edinburgh
138 William Cairns. Esq., ditto
139 John Dunlop, Esq., ditto
140 R. K. Greville, Esq. LL.D., ditto
141 William Ssmmerville, E.q , ditto
142 George Thompson, Esq , ditto and Glasgow
143 John Wigham, Esq., Edinburgh
144 William Lee, Esq., Exeter
145 Thomas Truslade Sparkes, Esq., ditto
146 William P. Paton, Esq , Glasgow
147 Robert Kettle, E,1., ditto
148 Henry Langland, Esq., ditto
149 Anthony M'Keand, Esq., ditto
150 William White, Esq., ditto
151 Rev. Dr. Heugh, ditto
152 Rev. John Graham, ditto
153 Rev. William Anderson, ditto
154 John Murray, Esq., ditto
155 William Smeal, Esq., ditto and Paisley
156 James Francillon, Esq , Gloucester
157 Samuel Bowly, Esq., ditto
158 Rev. J. W. Wayne, Hitchin
159 W. Langford, Esq , ditto
160 Joseph Sharpies, Esq., ditto
161 William Lucas, Jim., Esq., ditto
162 Henry Lawson, Esq., Hereford
163 John Benbow, Esq., ditto
164 Thomas Evans, Esq., ditto
165 Rev. John Pain, Horncastle
166 Rev. William Upton, Associated Churches, Herts,
and South Bedfordshire
167 Rev. F. W. Gotch, A. 8., ditto
168 Rev. John Charlesworth, B. D., Ipswich
169 Rev. James Spriggs, A.M., ditto
170 R. D. Alexander, Esq., ditto
171 Shepherd Ray, Esq., ditto
172 Isaac Wilson, Esq., Kendal
173 William Dillworth Crewdson, Esq., ditto
174 Francis Fox, Esq , Kingabridge
175 W. E. Forster, Esq., ditto
176 Rev. Thomas Scales, Leeds, and Corresponding
Member of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery
Society
177 N. P. Simes, Esq., Leeds
178 Robert Jowitt, Esq., ditto
179 William West, Esq., ditto
180 Edward Baines, Esq., M.P., ditto
181 John Dollin Bassett, Esq., Leighton Buzzard
182 Rev. Edward Adey, ditto
183 Isaac Hodgson, Esq., Leicester
184 John Ellis, Esq., ditto
185 Thomas Dicker, Esq., Lewes
186 Burwood Goodlee, Esq., ditto
187 John Cropper, jun., Esq., Liverpool, and Correspond-
ing Member of the British and Foreign Anti-Sla-
very Society
188 Alderman Thomas Bulley, Liverpool
189 William Kay, Esq., ditto
190 Richard Rethbonc, Esq., ditto
191 Rev. Fielding Ould, ditto
192 Rev. William Bevan, Liverpool, and Corresponding
Member of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery
Society
193 Joseph Larder, Esq., Louth
194 Samuel Southall, Esq., Leominster
195 John Hamilton, Esq., Margate
196 George Fife Angas, Esq., Newcastle-on-Tyne
197 William Beaumont, Esq., ditto
198 Thomas Cargill, Esq., ditto
199 James Finlay, Esq., ditto and North Shields
200 Michael Longridge, Esq., Newcastle-on-Tyne
201 William Maude, Esq., ditto
202 Jonathan Priestman, Esq., ditto
203 George Richardson, Esq., ditto
204 Samuel Fox, Esq., Nottingham
205 William Wilson, Esqditto
206 Rev. William ,
Brock, Norfolk and Norwich
207 William Forster, Esq., ditto
208 Thomas Bignold, Esq., ditto
209 Jeremiah Colman, Esq. ,ditto
210 Thomas Bartlett, Esq., Baptist Church, Oxford
211 Rev. B. Godwin, ditto
212 Francis Barker, Esq., Pontefract
213 Edward Ross, Esq., Rochester and Chatham
214 Robert Styles, Esq , ditto
215 William Tatum, Esq., ditto
216 John Barfitt, Esq., Salisbury
117 Rev. Alexander arvey, Relief Synod of Seetland
218 Rev. Robert Govett, Staines
219 Rev. Rippon Porter, ditto
220 Rev. Gregory Hawson, ditto
221 Thomas Ashby, jun., Esq., ditto
222 William Fairbank, Esq., Sheffield
223 Edward Smith, Esq., ditto
224 Frederick Wheeler, Esq., Rochester and Chatham
225 Samuel Wheeler, Esq., ditto ditto
226 W. C. Horsnaill, Esq., ditto ditto
227 Henry Wyatt, Esq., Stroud
228 A. R. Fewster, Esq., ditto
229 Joseph Clarke, Esq., Southampton
230 George Laishley, Esq., ditto
231 Joseph Metford, Esq., ditto
232 Edward Palk, Esq., ditto
233 Rev. Bourne Hall Draper, ditto
234 Thomas Dennis Paul, Esq., St. Ives, Herts
235 Joseph Goodman, Esq., ditto
236 Potto Brown, Esq.. ditto
237 Charles James Metcalfe, jun., Esq.. St. Neot's.
238 Frederick Backhouse. Esq., Stoeton-on-Tees
239 William Bayley, Esq. ditto
240 Henry Holland, Esq., Spilsby
241 Rev. Jesse Hewitt, Tewkesbury.
242 Rev. James Cottle, Taunton
243 John Young, Esq., ditto
244' John Budge, Esq., Truro
245 Rev. Enoch Williams, M. A., Worcester
246 Edward Evans, Esq ditto
247 Stanley Pumphrey, Esq., ditto
248 Rev. 11. Taylor, Woodbridge
•
249 R. W. Dixon, Esq., Witham
250 Thomas Butler, Esq., ditto
251 Jacob H. Pattison, Esq., ditto
252 Joseph Millar, Esq., Whitehaven
253 Rev. Hugh Anderson. ditto
254 Rev. John Graham, York.
255 Samuel Tuke, Esq., ditto
256 Joseph Johnson, Esq., Farnham.
257 Francis B. Beamish, Esq., M.P., Cork
258 William Martin, Esq., ditto
259 Hon. J. T. Norton, Connecticut, U.S. A.
260 Professor William Adam, Massachussetts, U.S.A.
261 Jones Canriings Fuller, Esq., New York State
262 Gerrit Smith, Esq., ditto
263 Rev. T. S. Wright, ditto
261 A. Stewart, Esq., ditto
265 Rev. B. Green, ditto
266 J. M'Cune Smith, Esq., M.D , ditto
267 Rev. Elon Galusba, Baptist Convention, America
268 Rev. Cyrus Pitt Grosvenor, ditto
269 Rev. Nathaniel Colver, ditto and Massachussetts Abo•
lition Society
270 Colonel Jonathan P. Miller, Vermont
271 Professor James Dean, ditto
272 James G. Birney, Esq., American A nti• Slavery So-
ciety and New York, ditto
273 Heury B. Stanton, ditto
274 Dr. Thomas Rolph, Upper Canada
275 Rev. Wm. Knibb, Baptist Western Union, Jamaica
276 Mr. Edward Barret, ditto.
277 Mr. Henry Beckford, ditto
278 Wm. Wernyss Anderson, Esq., Kingston and St.
Katherine's, Jamaica
279 Captain Chas. Stuart, Jamaica Anti-Slavery Society
280 Rev, John Clarke, Kingston and St. Katherine's Ja.

maica, mid Berwick-on-Tweed
281 Abraham Crowley, Esq., Alton
292 Wm. Curtis, jun., Esq., ditto
283 Stephen Unwil, Esq., Coggesball, Kelvedon, and
Colne.
284 Samuel King, F.sq., Cork
2,5 Wm. Connell, Esq., ditto
286 Arthur Atkir.s, Esq., Coventry
287 Norton S. Townshend, Esq., M. D , Anti-Slavery
Society, State of Ohio
288 Dr. John Bowring, Exeter
239 Wm: Robinson, Esq., Kettering
290 John G. Whittier, Esq., Eastern Pennsylvania
291 James Mutt, E•q., ditto
292 Rev. It Grew, ditto, and Amer. Free Produce Society
293 J. Motley, Esq., Street and Glastonbury
294 Geo. 11. Stuart, Esq., Philadelphia
295 Geo. Bradborn, E,;(1 , Massachussett.;
296 J. D. Burder, EF,q., Braintree
297.1,5ep1i Balfour, Esq , ditto
298 Rev. John Jefferson, Stoke Newington
299 Cornelius Hanbury, Esq., ditto
300 Bayley Kingdon, Esq.
301 Robert R. R. Moore, Es.q., B. A., Dublin
302 Robert Grahame, 1?.(1 , Glaegow
:303 Thomas Grahame, Esq., ditto
304 George Thorburn, Esq., ditto
305 Hugh Brown, Esq., ditto
306 Walter Buchanan, Esq , ditto
307 Francis C. Brown, Esq , ditto
308 Alexander Johnston-, Esq , ditto
309 James Hutcheson, Esq , ditto
310 Henry Dunlop, Esq., ditto
311 John Dennistoun, Esq , M. P., ditto
312 James Oswald, I.lsq , M.P., ditto
313 Rev. John flirt, Manchester and Salford
314 Rev. John Waddington, ditto
315 Isaac Crewdson, Esq., ditto
316 Joseph Crewdson, Esq., ditto
317 Peter Clare, Esq., ditto
318 Thomas P. Bunting, Esq., ditto
319 William Brand, Es T, Paisley
320 Nathaniel Morgan, Esq , Rose
321 Rev. William Jones, Swansea
322 Joseph T. Price. Esq., ditto
323 Rev. Dr. Matheson, Staffordshire Association of
Congregational Ministers
324 Rev. Charles Edward Lester, Bleeker.street
Church, Utica, U. S. A.
325 Rev. R. J. King, 8.A., Wisbeach
326 Henry Leach, Esq., ditto
327 Mr. William Holmes, ditto
328 Herbert Beaver, Esq., Columbian River
329 R. H. Sehomburgh, Esq , British Guiana
330 Isaac Winslow, Esq., Massachussetts
331 W. H. Ashurst, Esq., Darlington
332 Mr. Commissary Wemyss, Edinburgh
333 John Fulton, Esq., Fenwick
334 Edward Briggs, Esq., Maidstone
335 Richard Moorsom, Esq., ditto
336 Matthew Shepperson, Bungay
337 Charles Hill, Esq., Wellingborough
338 William Beam, Esq., ditto
339 Edward Baldwin, Esq., Dublin
340 Andrew White, Esq., M. P., Sunderland
341 Rev. James Hoby, D. D., Aberdeen
342 Alexander M'Donald, Esq., ditto
343 Rev. H. H. Dubney, Bucks Association of Baptist
Churches
