bishops and clergy of this realm, and to the churches
committed to their charge, all such rights and privileges
as by law do or shall appertain unto them.' And inasmuch
as it is one of the rights and privileges which at present
appertain to the Protestant churches of this realm, to enjoy
the beneficial care and superintendence of their several
archbishops and bishops, and to have certain temporalities
or ecclesiastical property set apart for their maintenance,
and for the benefit of those churches, it appears to this
House to be in violation of both the spirit and letter of this
solemn engagement, if hi. Majesty shall be advised to de-
stroy or diminish this right : and that this House oueht
not therefore to recommend to the assent of his Majesty a
Bill founded upon any such principle."
Striking out the magniloquence of the first
resolution, it simply means that the law is now
in a certain state, and that it cannot be altered—
a proposition so ridiculous that we doubt whe-
ther Mr. HALCOMB will find a dozen of Tories
even, notwithstanding there are some three-score
in the House, ready to support it. The second
resolution advances an argument which, as it
has been giverrup by Sir ROBERT PEEL and
others, the most respectable of the Conservative
party, we are surprised at even Mr. HALCOMB
sticking by it. Will nothing convince the oppo-
nents of reform that the question has not been
with Ministers how much they could do, but
how much they could avoid doing? They have
done as little as it was possible to do. They
have just done enough to preserve the Church
establishmentfora time. The Act they have ad-
vised the KING to sanction their bringing forward,
will, in fact, in the words of the Coronation oath,
" maintain the Protestant reformed religion,
established by law, and will preserve to the
Bishops and Clergy of this realm, and to the
Churches committed to their charge, all such
rights and privileges as by law do or shall
appertain unto them." It does all this to " the
utmost of their power," and to the utmost of
the KING'S power. We are sure that not only
will the avowed Conservatives, but the forced
iLoformers, be very much obliged to Mr. HAL-
COMB, if he will point out any plan by which
the Church Establishment can be better main-
tained than by that propounded by his Ma -
jesty's Government.

1M PE RIA RIAA M ENT

THIS DAY, MONDAY, JUNE 3.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took his sett at a few minutes after
twelve o'clock.
Sir HO-SEY VIVIAN took the oaths and his seat.
Mr. JAMES OSWALD presented a petition from
Mr. James Cochrane, of Glasgow, complaining of the
conduct of a British charge d'affaires, Mr. Abercrombie,
and of some delay in procuring passport.
Lord PALMERSTON said he had no doubt that Mr.
Cochrane was a highly respect ible gentleman, but a more
absurd and ridiculous complaint was never made against
a meritorious public servant. It appeared, from the
petition, th it Mr. Cochrane could not get his
passport signed so soon as he wished, but if he hail
taken the trouble to write a note to Mr. Abercrombie, as
was usual, he would have found no difficulty or delay.
The Noble Lord said he would in future advise Mr. Coch.
rang to stay at home, or, if he wished to travel, to con-
form to the usual regulations adopted by the diplomatic
agents.
Mr. FINN was understood to complain of the system
adopted by those functionaries.
Lord PALNIERSTON said he did not believe that the
diplomatic agents of this country were liable to ►he cen-
sures of the Honourable Member. As presiding over
that department he would say that in any instance where it
as shown that due attention was not paid to the wishes
of English travellers, he would take especial care to prevent
a tecurtence of any neglect.
On the motion of Mr. PLUMTRE the Herne Bay Im-
provement Bill was read a third time and p issed.
Mr. LISTER presented a petition from the householders
of Poole, praying for the repeal of the house and window
taxes. The Hun. Member supported the prayer of the
petition.
Mr. SHANE presented petitions from Wickham, Mar-
low, Stratford, Hythe, and other places against colonial

slavery.
Lard PALMERSTON presented petitions from several
places in Hamp.htre against slavery.
Sir S. WHALLEY presented a petition signed by
Olive, Princess of Cumberland. praying to be heard at the
bar of the House touching her claims as a member of the
Royal Fami:y. He also presented a petition from Charles
Wheeler, complaining of the conduct of the police at the
late meeting in C I.lbath-fields, and expressed his (Sir
S. W.'s) regret that Government had not preferred pre-
vention o viol. rice on that occasion.
Lord NORREYS presented a petition from the clergy
of Ox'ord, against the Irish Church Reform Bill. He also
presented a petition from Benfield, for the better obser-
sr-ince of the Sabbath.
Major HANDLEY presented petitions from North Ne-
therton, Grandly, Sutton, and several other places, against
Slav ry

Mr WALLACE presented petitions from the hand loom
weavers of Paisley and other places, praying the House to
take their case into consideration. The Hon. Member
also presented petitions from Greenock, praying for a
repeal of the duties on receipts ; from Paisley, complaining
of a presumed intension to introduce an armed police in
the county of Fife, which the Hon. Member said would
be exceedingly like visiting Scotland with the same
itifliction as Ireland ; also from Greenock, praying for
the release from prison of the Reverend Mr. Taylor,
and expressinp an opinion that no man ought to be im-
prisoned for the maintenance of any religious opinion ;
from the Political Union of Glasgow, relative to the law
reform for Scotland—in presenting which the Hon.
Member stated a case in which a horse had been sold far
20/., and 19/. 10s, paid by the purchaser, hut
the balance being disputed, law expenses had been
inr•urred to the amount of 7851. ss. 8 1., of which the
accountant's charge amounted to 100 guineas and ten
shillings, and that the affair was still unsettled ; and from
the woi king classes of Edinburgh, praying for Poor Laws
for Ireland.
Mr. Alderman WOOD supported the prayer of the
pe-
ti ion for the relea-e of the Rev. Mr. Taylor. ALudiog to
another individual (Mr. Cirlile) he a ,id that the sheriff
was willing to give up 'he fines, and he hoped th .t there
would he no difficulty on the part of the Government in
releasing these individuals.
General SHARPE presented petitions from several
pl ie•-s against ...laver).
Mr. HALL presented petitions from Llandiff, St.
As rph's, and Montgomery, complaining of the non-resi-
dence of the est Wished clergy, and other grievances con
. _

Elected wiih the C uteh Est tidi.lnent in Wiles.

So- JOHN HANIIER said, that the inability of the
WVelrh vl. rgyinen to discharge their duties had been very
much ex ggera,ed,

Mr. JERVIS ohserved, that it was a cause of gre
complaint, and in hi- opinion a very just one, that eler.

eynien who held the prineipul livitig; in Wales were ri,,t

. .
sufficiently acqoainied with the laneuaze f the c.,untry to
administer that ~.piritu,l consolation to their parishioners
which they required and exp cted.
After some ithitervations from Major BEAUCLERK and
Mr. HALL, the pe ition w is ordered to lie on the table.
Sir J. HANAI ER pre.ented a petition from the corpo-
ration of Arundel, staring their wish for a full investiga-
tion intothemanagement of their corporation.

Mr. FINCH presen ed a petition from the Irish SGeiety
of London, pr,iying that the ILiuse would adopt some
mea,ures for the teaching to the native Irish the Scrip-
tures intti.-i!.own lanviage.

Mr. HALYBURTON presented petitions from several
parishes in F mrfar, igamnst lay patronage in Sootland.
Mr. I3ROTHERTON ptesented a petition lion► Fair-
field, for the abolition of shivery. The Hon. Member
stated that the measure proposed by Government had been
very favourably received by his constituents. The Hon.
Alember also presented a potiti,mn from Salford, for the
repeal of •he house, window, and malt duties,
Colonel LYGON presented a petition from the farmers
of Worcester, comol mining of the grievous effect, to them
of the malt tax, and praying relief.
Sir G. SKIPWITII presented a petition from Kenji
worth for the repeal of the malt and hop duties,
Lord G. LENNOX presented a petition from the rate-
payers of Little Hampton, complaining of the present state
of the laws resp,cting sea apprentices.
11r. PRINGLE presented a petition from the Magi-
strates of Selkirk against the Scotch Burgh R form Bill ;
also one to the same effect from the trades of Selkirk, and
-ne with a similar prayer tram the inhabitants cf Selkirk.
Sir 11 FERGUSSON said th it though In my petitions
were presented on that subject, and against the Lord
Advocate's Bill, still he trusted that the people would be
