11)

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 21, 1832.

There are novel, and some of them very erro-
neous, estimates formed of the strength which

Ministers will have in the new House of Corn-
We have been favoured with one by an

Ohl Member of Parliament, who is likely to

4low as much as any person, by which it ap-
Pears that the Tory party, taking the different
shades, will exceed 140, but it is worthy of

notice, that even of these some are, to a great

extent, Reformers. The Radicals, as they are
termed, by way of reproach, by a Ministerial
evening Paper, which seems to forget that six
months ago the Ministry did not use the term
offensively, will amount to between 30 and 40 ;
the Itepealers to rather more than 50 ; the Whigs
to about 243 ; and the remainder will be Libe-
rals, but, at the same time, perfectly independent
of the Opposition, or the Ministry. From this

i `►tatement, it is clear that if .Ministers do their
duty to the people, they will possess a majority
in the House of Com►nons so large, as to defy
the efforts of any faction in the Upper House
of Parliament ; but, on the other hand, the
slightest approach towards Conservative princi-
Pies ►n the Tory sense, will bring about their
destruction.

We understand that Prince METTERNICH
has been very busy of late in negotiations, by
which he hopes to obtain the liberation of the
Duchess of BERRY. Letters from Paris, how-
ever, state that the French Government will not
''enture to liberate from prison a person, by
whom, and in whose name, so much evil has
been committed, whilst the Ex-Ministers, who
were but the tools of the late Sovereign, remain
111 custody. It would indeed be a strange per-
Version of right to punish, with perpetual impri-
''44hment, men who, whatever their crimes, could
at least plead on their behalf the necessity of
'lllPporting the established system, and relieve
a Princess who hesitated not to bring about
rebellion by corrupt means, for the purpose
Er Overturning the constitutional system which
'bail happily replaced the despotism of the
former Nlonarchy. If the Duchess of !BERRY

had been entrapped by a faction in France,
and made their tool, her case would have
been deserving of pity ; but, it is a notorious
fact, that, for several months previous to her
entering France, she and the Ex-KING were
engaged in schemes for -corrupting some of the
authorities in France, and urging the bigoted
peasants of La Vendee to revolt, and that money
and arms were sent from England, by her agents,
to Paris and La Vendee, at least twelve months
before she entered the French territory. It
would, we think, be an absurd affectation of
either pity or contempt for the sex of the
Duchess of BERRY, to grant to her the liberty
which is withheld from the Ex-Ministers ; and
we ask whether the French people would calmly
put up with the liberation of those persons, in
the present state of public opinion. When
another year shall have elapsed, and the excite-
ment of recent events be calmed down, it is by
no means improbable that a motion will be car-
ried in the French Legislature for the release of
the Ex-Ministers and the Duchess of BERRY.

Official information has been received of the
arrival of the messengers charged with despatches
to the King of HOLLAND, announcing the
surrender of the citadel of Antwerp ; but at
the departure of the courier from the Hague,
nothing had transpired as to the intentions of
the KING relative to the other fortresses.

Baron BuLow, who prepared a project of
treaty between Holland and Belgium, which he
sent to Vienna, where it was modified by MET-
TERNICH, by whom it was sent to the Hague,
where it underwent further modification, and was
subsequently submitted by the Dutch Minister
here to the Conference, is in hopes of being
able to induce the Dutch Sovereign to accept
now the treaty as it was first submitted to Prince
METTERNICH ; and Lord PALMERSTON, it
seems, will undertake the task of rendering
the Belgians more moderate. These diploma-
tists seem to forget that France is to be consulted .

The Journal des Debats publishes a letter
from Calais, stating that all the arrangements
between the British and French Governments
for the establishment of a daily estafette, are
nearly completed. The correspondent of the
Debats is in error. There are yet many ob-
stacles to be surmounted.

Nothing more has transpired respecting the
convocation of the superior clergy at the Palace
of the Archbishop of CANTERBURY, than that
the Archbishop is to be charged with the inte-
rests of that body in the Upper House of Par-
liament. The Right Reverend Fathers might have
selected a more able advocate, but perhaps they
are aware that where the cause is entirely hope-
less, it matters not who is engaged to plead it.

We understand that some official steps have
already been taken towards the intended motion
for the reduction of Taxes on Knowledge.
Lord ALTHORP will act wisely to make this
one of the first measures of the new Session of
Parliament.

The following are extracts from German
Papers :

ANCONA, Dec. 9.—We have hot little news here;
Messrs. Lesti, Caribaldi, and Polomhi are still here, and it
seems to he confirmed that General Cubieres could not
give his sanction to their arrest. It is said, we do not
know on what ground, that the French squadron stationed
here is to sail to Trieste, and assist in conveying the Bava-
rian troops to the Morea, and afterwards to take the
French brigade in the Morea back to Tou!on.

We learn from the marches that the centuries have re-
ceived orders to be ready to march at the shortest notice.
To-day there is to be a meeting of centurions at Santa
Maria a Maze, near Fermo. Orders have been received
from the Secretary of State at Rome, to the Legation anti
Delegates in the Province, to give no passports to Rome
without evident necessity.
RoMe, DEC. 10.—The deliberations of the provisional
councils have not yet led to any result, for though Ravenna
is stated to have acted enti rely in the same spirit as Bo-
logna, it is not known what resolutions have been taken at
Rome on the subject. The finances are another equally
important subject. Loans are at the best but palliations.
It is said that the annual deficiency is 1,800,000 scudi.
The monthly instalments of the last loan of Rothschild
will, indeed, pretty nearly make up for this as long as it
lasts. Various measures are tried against that dreadful
hydra, want of money. The first is the appointment of
the able Abbot Galanti to the office of Assessor of the
treasury. This post, first created by Pius VI., was sub_
sequently abolished. By the exertions of this officer an
improvement has already been made in the revenue of the
Customs, to the amount of 180,000 scudi. It is said to
be intended to give up various buildings hired for public
offices, such as the Post-office, and :use, (instead, mo-
nasteries and other buildings belonging to the State or the
Church. There are said to be about 20 such buildings,
and the annual saving would be 60,000 scudi. This
would be a wise measure, for the expenses of fitting
them up would be made good by the rent saved the first
year. It is said also that it is proposed to impose a tax
of ten per Cent. on all salaries that are above
thirty scudi per month. It is very doubtful whether
the saving of 60,000 scudi per annum would be
important enough to risk the consequences of exciting in '
the higher classes of officers a hostile feeling towards the
Government. A tax on the estates belonging to the
Church is spoken of, some say 15 per cent., but it is
likely that at present it will only be 8 per cent. The an-
nual revenues of these estates may be between 3 and •I
millions scudi, so that such a tax would bring in a good
sum ; but persons of influence say it woull be very im-
politic for the sake of a sum of comparatively small im-
portance, if the state draw on itself the enmity of the class
most devoted to it. This sounds well, but is founded on an
error. The Papacy is the sole support of the priesthood ; with
that it must stand or fa 1. On the other hand, it is tlie
policy of the Holy See to aid the priesthood in attaining
the most splendid wealth, the highest power, and the
greatest influence. It will never take more from that
order than necessity demands; and if it were to require,
instead of eight, ten, twenty-five, or fifty per cent., it
would make their order discontented, but not hostile.

VIENNA, DEC. 15.—Five per Cent., SI 13-16 351 ;
Four per Cent. 72-1-, 73 ; Bank Shares, 1091 i 1101.—
Allgemeine Zeitung, Dec. 20.
MUNICH, DEC. 17.—A Wuteiurg paper (the Friend
of Religion), says, " We learn from good authority that
King Otho does not embrace the Greek religion. The
affairs of the Greek Church, in the new kingdom, are ►o
be administered by s synod independent of the Greek Pa

triarch at Constmtinople. The plan has been drawn up
by an eminent Bivar!2.- r-l:tc, translated into modern
Greek, and sent to the bishops of Greece for their consi-
deration."—Frankfort Papers, Dec. 21.

In a speech delivered by Mr. HALL, after a
dinner given to him by his constituents at Mon-
mouth on the day of his election, he states,
when speaking of the ballot :

" At the last election for these boroughs 69 freemen of
Usk voted, of whom eight only gave me their support;
in that number was a respectable tradesman named Evans,
whom I now see. He was at that time in good circum-
stances, his business was flourishing, and he had six men
in constant employment under him. Since that period
his customers have deserted him, and hehas now hardly em-
ployment for any other hands than hisown. For this change
of circumstances he cannot assign any other cause than
that of having voted for me, in opposition to the Marquis
of Worcester. During my canvass this summer I called
on an elector in the same borough, who also voted for me
at my last election. On asking him for his support, his
answer was, Sir, I cannot vote for you ; I wish you
success, but in consequence of my having given you my
vote last year I have suffered materially in my business.'
These are but two out of many instances I could name ;
and yet we are told that vote by ballot is not necessary.
I feel perfectly convinced, that if the electors of Usk could
vote as they pleased we should stand in a very different
position with regard to the numbers in that borough. I
will allow that I had much rather see elections carried on
with such purity of spirit, that the voter might go to the
poll, and, fearless of the consequences, tender his suffrage
for whom he pleased ; but when I know that, as the case
at present stands, men are frequently obliged to remain
neuter, or else to vote against the dictates of their con-
science, I return to my original view of the subject, and
feel convinced that nothing but the ballot will secure
to them the defence they desire, and the protection they
are justly entitled to."

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, DEC. 27.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the Pau-
line, Hoffman, from Demerara ; arrived from the River,
the Providence, Campbell, for Bombay.—Sailed the La
Suffrein, French man of war for the westward.
PORTSMOCTII, DEC. 17.—Wind \V.—Light breezes.—
Sailed the Menagerie, French brig of war, for the Me-
diterranean.

FALMOUTH, DEC. 26.—Wind W.S.W. to W.—Light
breezes.—Arrived the Apollo, Ford, from Naples.
DOVER, DEC. 27.—Arrived off port, the Maria, Pal-
mer, from the Cape of Good Hope—sailed the 25th Oc-
tober, and from St. Helena on the Ist ult.
COWES, DEC. 27.—Arrived the Ellen, Goodwin, from
St. Michael's, and Speecby, from ditto.
DARTMOUTH, DEC. 26.—Arrived off port, the Mary
Ann, and Elizabeth, Davis.

11.11r.Fonn, Dec. 26.—Arrived the Henry, Flynn, from
Gibraltar.
LrvEuroot, DEC. 26.—Arrived the Peoppel, Holmes,
from Africa ; the Arethusa, Grayson, from Porto Ca-
bello; the John Wells, Curtis, from Sivannah. Quebec,
--, and the Ambassador, Vaughan, from St. John's,
New Brunswick.

G ILEENOCK, DEC. 25.—Arrived the Felicity, from
Sicily.
The Latina, 11PNair, from Newfoundland to Liverpool,
was driven on shore near South Port, on Tuesday. The
crew saved, and the principal part of the cargo expected
to be saved.

The Ondermining, Engel., from Batavia to Amster-
dam, has been detained and sent into Ramsgate by his
Majesty's ship Velage.
The Balchitlia, bound to Newfoundland, put
back to the Clyde, with damage.
The James, Lawes, from Liverpool to St. John's, New
Brunswick, has been abandoned at sea, being dismasted
and leaky. Crew saved.
The William, from Sligo to London, was totally lost
near Stromness, during a violent gale on the 15th inst.
The Staffa, Ingles, from Singapore, Batavia, and Cape
of Good Hope, arrived at St. Helena on the Bth ult.,
with damage, and part of her cargo thrown overboard, and
proceed to Gibraltar.

EAST INDIA SHIPPING.
The Minerva, from Bombay, is arrived at Liverpool :
sailed the 4th of September.
The Sir John Rae Reid, from the Mauritius, has arrived
off Dover.

Arrivals at Bombay.—The Clairmont, and the City of
Aberdeen, from Port Glasgow, the 28th of August. The
Vesper, the 29th ; and the Mul2rave, the 30th, from Lon-
don; and the St. Hilda, from Portsmouth and the Mauri-
tius, the 31st.

Departures from Bombay.—The Bee, for Singapore,
and the Marquis Camden, for China, the 26th of August;
the Cambridge, for Singapore and China, the 29th ; and
the Charles Malcolm, for Allipee, Madras, and Bengal, the
29th.

Arrivals at China.—The Royal Charlotte, from Singa-
pore, and the Providence, from Batavia, the 12th of Aug. ;
the Donna Carmelita, the 15th, and the Isabella Robert-
son, the 18th, from Calcutta ; the United States' frigate
Potomac, and the Netherlands ship Charlotte, from
Batavia, the 18th ; the Bombay Castle, from Bombay,
the 19th ; the Ann and Hope, from Batavia, the 21 st ;
the Good Success, from Bombay, the 26th; the Agnes,
from Singapore, the 28th ; the Fort William, from Bom-
bay, and the Gabriella, from San Blas, the 29th ; and the
Hon. Company's ship Coote, from London, the 31st.
Departures from China.—The Hall, on the Ist, and the
Mary, the 2d of September, for Liverpool.
Arrivals at the Mauritius.—The Voyager, from Lon-
don, the 15th of September ; the Elizabeth, from Bor-
deaux, and the Britannia, from Bourbon, the 3d of
October; the Nimble, from New South Wales, the 4th ;
the Frances, from Bremen, and the Persian, from New
South Wales.

Departure from the Mauritius.—The Clementine, for
New South Wales, the 14th of September.
The Agnes, from New South Wales, was lost in Cock-
burn Sound oa the 16th of August. Crew saved.

THE FUNDS.--(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We are without any arrivals this morning, either from
Antwerp or the westward. Intense interest prevails to
know the result of the minion sent to the King of Hol-
land, respecting the surrender of the two forts on the
Scheldt. A report prevailed yesterday, late in the after-
noon, that accounts had been received of his refusal, but
the present hour we cannot trace it to any authentic
source.

Consols which left off heavy yesterday at 85:1,, owing,
it is supposed, to persons having realized their profits,
opened with an improvement at S5-g; at present they are
SSA y with little doinz.
In the Foreign Market nothing doing as yet.
HALF-PAST ONE.

We are quite dull in the City, there being no intelli-
gence from any quarter to communicate, up to the present
hour, of the leaq importance; and in consequence of
which-the Funds have continued steady for the most part
of the morning, at 85i for the Account, alternately buyers
and sellers. It is the general opinion that the King of
Holland will not give up the forts in the Scheldt; but
nothing as yet is positively known on the subject.
In the Foreign Market little or nothing doing.
Prices much the same as yesterday. Dutch Stock,
421 43.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, 84

CLOSING PRICES,
Consols

Dittofor Account 8.5 i i
Brazilian Bonds
Buenos Ayres...
Chilian Ditto....

-FOUR O'CLOCK.

Danish

Greek
Mexican ,

Columbian 1824

Peruvian .• ...... •••
Russian... ..

Spanish

FlRE.—This morning between 4 and 5
o'clock, a fire broke out at Mr. HANCOCK'S chair manu-
factory, Charles-street, Bermondsey, which communicated
to the extensive premises of Messrs. BROWN and LEE,
floor-cloth manufacturers, which, however, by the speedy
arrival of the engines and the exertions of the firemen and
policemen, was fortunately soon extinguished without
doing any materi d damage, but the house occupied by Mr.
HANCOCK, and the whole of the valuable property, was
completely destroyed, and, we understand, not insured.

The Suabian Mercury gives the following,
have oberdtaainel date
ei o Frankfurt,f
the rights
of Dec.eit
i 1z e
n1:7" The Jews who
have always been
allowed to purchase a house and garden. By a recent &-
:
cision this privilege has been enlarged to an unlimited
extent, so that Israelites may now become the proprietors
of houses and land, like the other citizer.s of Frankfort.
This measure has been long expected as due to the spirit
of the age, and as destroying one of the worst remnants: of
the prejudices of barbarous and intolerant times,"

DOCTOR LUSHINGTON AND MR. HUME

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

SIR,-In the _Morning Advertiser, of the 25th inst.,
tltet e is a letter from Doctor Lushington, addressed to Mr.
pray, a gentleman belonging to his Committee, in justifi-
ication of his voting a plumper for Mr. Byng, in opposition
,to Mr. Hume, in the late election for Middlesex.
The reason assigned for his so voting is, that having for
many years advocated the immediate abolition of slavery,
and being dissatisfied with Mr. flume's votes on that
;great measure, he considered, himself bound by every tie
of hononr, consistency, duty, and conscience, not to sup-
port him.
This, Sir. sounds very fine, and would have been all
very well for the consistency, conscience, and so forth of
the learned doctor, had his support been given to an im-
mediate, unqualified abolitionist. But so far from this
being the case it is well known to the electors of Midtile-
sex, and especially to Doctor Lushington himself, that Mr.
Byng does not go the length of Mr. Hume in his advo-
cacy of the opinions of the Anti-Slavery Society. What,
then, is the public to think of the Doctor's consistency ?
Again, Sir, it is a notorious fact, that Mr. Byng never
voted for the immediate abolition of slavery, though for
the last forty-two years be had a seat in Parliament, and
was consequently much oftener than Mr. flume called
upon to legislate on that question, And yet Dr. Lushing-
ton gave him a plumper, though there was in the field a
candidate pledged to immediate emancipation, in the
fullest sense of the word. If difference of opinion on the
slave question decided to whom the Doctor should give a
preference, why was the pledged candidate overlooked ?
Surely, the Doctor is mistaken when he states that his
circular, calling npon the electors throughout England to
vote for no man who did not pledge himself to the imme .
diate abolition of slavery, was the rule by which his con-
duct on that occasion was regulated.
I should be sorry to accuse Dr. Lushington of wilfully
misrepresenting the conduct of Mr. flume; and yet,
from whatever cause, he has done so in his letter to Mr.
Gray. He there says that Mr. Hume " was distinguished
by his opposition," not only to the abolition of slavery,
but to the amelioration of the condition of the slaves.
The very reverse of this is the fact; and if the Doctor wiil
only take the trouble to read the debates which have
arisen on this subject in the House of Commons, whilst
Mr. Hume has been a Member, he will find that Mr.
Hume used the identical words amelioration of the condi.
lion of the slaves:as one of the.measures which should always
have his cordial support. Besides, Mr. Hume has re•
peatedly declared, that if any means can be pointed out to
him whereby the slave population can be emancipated
without anarchy or bloodshed, and with some considera-
tion for the claims:of the planters, he will vote for the im-
mediate abolition of slavery at the earliest period it can
be brought under the consideration of Parliament. It
does not say much for Dr. Lushington's attendance in the
House of Commons, or his attention to what was passing
within its walls, that Mr. Hume's sentiments, as there ex-
pressed, are not better known to and remembered by him.
There is something extremely suspicious in the conduct
of the Whigs towards Mr. Hume during the whole of the
late election contest, for which they have given no suffi-
cient teason, and which will not greatly conduce to their
safety in the new Parliament, if they intend continuing to
hold office. Dr. Lushington will do well to re-consider
his letter to Mr. Gray, and either to come forward an
state more explicitly his reasons for supporting Mr.
Byng, who is not an immediate abolitionist, in oppo-
sition to a far more useful and efficient Mem-
ber, against whom no greater charge is preferred,
or to give some proof more than his own mere
assertion that Mr. Hume's opinions are such as lie
has stated them to be, in opposition to that gentleman's
reiterated assertions to the contrary.
I trust, Sir, that your sense of the great services ren-
tiered to the cause of the people of this country by Mi.
Hume, as well as your known desire to promote the
knowledge of truth, will induce you to give insertion to
this letter. Should Dr. Lushington deign to notice it, I
hope it will be in such a way as to do away with the ne-
cessity of again recurring to a subject which cannot be
productive of pleasurable feelings to any party.
I have the honour to remain, Sir,
Your most obedient servant,
London, Dec. 27, 1832. AN ELECTOR.

THEATRICAL CRITICISM-SCENIC IL-

LUSION.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Theatre Royal, Drury-lane, Dec. 27, 1832.

SIR,—In the criticism on the Pantomime produced at
this Theatre in the Chronicle of to-day, the following
reference is made to Mr. Stanfield's scene of the Falls of
Niagara.

" This brings us to what is called the Great America❑
Fall, and although admirably painted, we are sure Mr.
Stanfield will think with us, that the introduction of real
water, however ingeniously contrived, is no improvement.
It produces, indeed, a noise, as of the falling water,
but the quantity is necessarily so inconsiderable, that
cause and effect are at strife, and the spectator won-
ders rather that such a huge volume of water tum-
bling headlong should produce so small an effect
upon the ear than that it should be heard at all.
We would much rather it should have been left entirely
to the fancy than thus to have representation and reality so
incongruously mixed. The whole sound produced by the
real water does not amount to much more than the pull-
ing up of a plug in the streets. All this, however, is
only a matter of taste, and having the material itself, we
are not surprised that they wished to employ it; only it
certainly is injurious to the effect of Stanfield's pencil."
Whether this is a compliment to the artist, or not,
must be left to the decision of the reader, when I inform
him that there is not a particle of real water introduced
in the scene. I am, Sir, your obedient servant,

A. BUNN.

Some sensation was produced yesterday afternoon
on 'Change by its having transpired that one of the first
houses in the city connected with India had refused ac-
ceptance to bills drawn upon them by their correspondent
in Calcutta; the effect will, it is feared, when the news
reaches India, prove fatal to the credit of the latter house.
It is a matter of prudent precaution merely; and in no
way affects that of the London house, that this step has
been taken. The failure of PALMER. and Co. in Calcutta,
which took place about three years ago, has brought em-
barrassments on several other commercial establishments
of that city, under the effects of which the house in ques-
tion is now suffering. Those embarrassments, are, how-
ever, local, and will not materially affect either their cor-
respondents here, or any other of the London houses
trading with Bengal.— Times.

CANADA COMPANY.—Yesterday a Meet-
ing of the Proprietors of Shares in the Canada Company
was held in Great St, Helen's Bishopsgate-street, the De-
puty Governor, Mr. J. FRANKS, in the Chair. The
Directors' Report was read. It recommended a declara
Lion of a dividend for the half-year ending in January
next at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum. A request
had been sent in to the Directors to make a bonus out of
the profits of the Company to be added to the captial.
The Directors felt it their duty to state, that the profits on
the sale of the Company's land were considerably above the
payments, but these profi s existed in bills held by the
Company, and it was deemed prudent by the Directors
to delay dividing such profit until it was actually realizA
in money. The Report then stated, the affairs of the
Company were going on most prosperously ; that emigra-
tion was increasing, and attended with success, and that
the plan of sending out emigrants by parishes had been
productive of good. The total quantity of land the Com-
pany had unsold was 2,110,000 acres. The sales this
year, up to the 31st October last, had been in the Crown
Reserves, 72,764 acres, and in the Huron Tract 24,525
acres. Last year the sales in the former were 65,788
acres, and in the latter 13,200 acres. The amount of
the original purchase from Government was, Crown Re-
serves, 1,384,000 acres, and 1,100,000 acres in the
Huron Tract. The total sales this ycar in the Crown
Reserve, Guelph, and the Huron Tract, were 98,299
acres. The Directors recommended th it a dividend of
2 per cent, on the capital subscribed should he declared for
the half-year ending in January next. The dividend was
agreed to, and the meeting adjourned.

Monday night there was an incendiary fire at
Corpusty, which consumed a barn and two stables, the
property of W. E. L. BLILWER, Esq., in the occupation
of Mr. HACE, of Saxtborpe. The fire was first disco-
vered in the roof of the barn, and besides the buildings,
a haystack and a considerable quantity of hay in a
loft over the stables were consumed. The barn
contained a quantity of straw, and only two or three
coombs of barley, thrashed, but Mr. HACE had purposed
to remove a stack of corn into it on the following morn-
ing.—Norfolk East Anglian.
THE FINE ARTS IN IRELAND.--The fol-
lowing is an advertisement appearing in a Limerick
Paper : we copy it as a specimen of grammar and taste
combined :—" Crucifixion—A splendid oil painting of the
Crucifixion, painted from the celebrated picture of CAR-.
RAC" (QU. CARAci) in Rome, is for Sale. Any Clergy-
man as may want an altar piece it is recommended, as it
is done in the best materials—it eta be seen at

NEWG ATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS.
At per stone, by the Carcass.
S. d. tog. d.
ilea, inferior
- middling 2 4 2 6 - middling..
prime large 3 0 3 2 prime
- prime small 3 6 4 0 Pork, large
Veal 3 0 5 0 -small

s. d. to s. d.
2 4 2
3 4 310
3 4 310
4 0 410

THE HISTORICAL AND GEOGRAPHICAL
PRESENTS.-1. The Geographical Annual for 1833-2.
The Biblical Annual for 1833. " These two beautiful and
most useful little volumes form a family treasure."--Lite-
rary Gazette. "We know not the works we could
more conscientiously recommend as valuable and beauti-
ful presents."—Atheneum.-3. England's Romantic An-
nals, by Neele-4. The Romantic Annals of France, by
Ritchie-5. Italy's Romantic Annals, by Macfarlane--6.
Spain's Romantic Annals, by Trueba. " These works
illustrate the Sports, Pastimes, Peculiarities, as well ai
the Romantic Annals of the various countries. They are
strong and vivid pictures of the past."—Monthly Review.
" They are valuable books for presents."—New Monthly
Magazine.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM THE
HAGUE, DEC. 25.—The inauspicious intelligence of the
impending surrender of the citadel of Antwerp has but
just transpired here, and adds to the gloom of a Christmas
as sombre as can be with the worst of weather. The
courier who bore the conditions of Marshal GERARD to
the KING arrived here this morning. It is impossible as
yet to know what impression this event will make upon
the Dutch people, in reference to the conduct of its Go-
vernment. While I write this town almost resembles an
uninhabited city. Scarcely a person appears in the streets;
the shops are, of course, all shut, and rain, cold and dis-
mal continues to fall incessantly. I shall not waste your
time by speculation, which must, of necessity, be vague,
as to the ultimate policy of this Government ;—it
no doubt, be patriotic as well as prudent. Holland has
now a difficult card to play under her present adversity.
Surely the iniquitous blockade will now, at least be taken
off. British commerce has already suffered by it mon-
than you can well imagine. —Morning Herald.

DANGEROUS LUNATIC.—I WaS indulging
in a delicious reverie, when something like a bird flitted
hastily by—again, and there was a heavy plump in the
water. I looked up,—a wild unearthly-looking creature
stood on the cliff above, in the very act of launching a
huge stone at me ! Just then, a female figure rose btside
him, and with threats and blows drove him from the rock.
It was my fair friend of the curragh, who seeing ma take
the lonely path I did, hastened after to cir3Wil me of the
danger. She told me that the assailant was a dangerous
lunatic; he was treacherous beyond description, and his
antipathy to women and strangers was remarkable. Many
accidents had occurred from his savage disposition. He
feared men, and rarely attacked them ; but if he saw a
female at a distance from the village, be would lurk with
malignant perseverance for hours beh;nd a bank or cliff tit
attack her unawares. Some of the island women had nar-
rowly escaped death from this turbulent monster, and few
of the mules but had at some time or other suffered injury
from his bands; a atone was his favourite missile, which
he threw with wonderful force and precision. To n'Y
inquiry " Why this dangerous being was not removed to
some asylum ?" my protectress replied with a smile, " He
was but a poor natural, after all ; be was born in the
island, and, God forbid they should send him among stran.
gem"—, Wild Sports of Me West.
