CARTHAGENA.

As Carthagena is likely to be soon invested by
the corps of Mor.yron, the following description
may be interesting :
The population of Carthagena is 30,000, decided Constitu-

ionalists, and proud in the recollection that during the former

invasion no other Frenchmen penetrated their walls than such as
were made prisoners, and tent there for security. The outer
wall of the city is only thirty years old. The weakest part cf
the platform is at least sixty feet wide, and the height of wall is
also considerable. The walls, -wlfich commence with the
arsenal, command the port at the south-end, and at the east
they are protected by the castle of Moms, which is also command-
ed by the battery of San Diego, situated upon a hill in the centre
of the fortifications. At the north they command the open
country, and at the west is the castle of °alum (also within the
walls), which crowns the hill of that name, at the foot of which
is a well fortified and magnificent arsenal. Three batteries
and twelve bastions defend the environs, and command at once
the port and the country. Upon the batteries there are 60 pieces
of cannon of large calibre, six mortars, anti six howitzers. The
bastions are mounted with guns of Fi, 8, 10, 24, and 36 pounders,
and a great number of culverina and large mortars. Pounders,
ere
all, with the exception of those at the battery of the arsenal, of
brass. The little.mountains of Monte Sacro and San Diego,
which are within the walls, are crowned with large mortars. The
castle, Cabcza de los Moros, communicates with San Diego by
.• a covered way.
Carthagena has three gates—the Muelle, which faces the
port, and which cannot be approached by land ; and those of
Madrid and San ..Tose on the land side, with drawbridges
covered with palisades from one bastion to another.
There are also two back gates, which have beets condemned,
with the exception of that which looks to the sea under the
hospital, and of another near it on the land side. The first is
never opened except to receive the sick front vessels, and the
second only when a prompt communicatien with the Castle of
Moms is required. A canal, which receives its waters from the
plain of Almajor, forms the ditch.
The castle of Atulaya and the fortress of San Julian arc on
the summits of the high hills of' the same name; the former,
which is of difficult access, commands a part of the fortifica-
tions, the garrison of which can communicate with it and re.
ceive succour. This castle is commended in its turn by that of
Galerse. San Julian conunands the port, but at such a this.
tance that the bombs may cause no damage to the town. The
works of the fortress were erected by the French. The artillery
of' Atelaya and San Julian is of bronze.
The harbour of Carthagena is a masterpiece of art and na-
ture combined. It is capable of containing forty ships of the
line, and an immense number of merchant vessels. The forts
of Santa Ana and Trincabotyas command the mouth, and
there are also several minor forts on the coast at a short dis-
tance. All the buildings which were within reach of the
cannon have been demolished. Priests and Monks are by no
means numerous in Carthagena, where there urs only six
churches and eight convents; the last are but just tolerated by
the inhabitants. A letter front Lorca, in Murcia, of the 29th
ult., states that Carthagena has provisions for several months,
an immense quantity of powder, 300,000 balls and bombs, and
grenades in abundance ; a manufactory of anos is also esta-
blished there and in full activity. Less than 12,001) men, says
the letter? cannot besiej4e Carthagena, and blockading is out of
the question. This city is very Constitutional, and was not
taken by the French during the war of independence.

DINNER OF MR. OWEN

AND or
SOIME.O.F_THE_FRIF4NISS.TO lIIS SYSTEM-,

AT THE CITY OF 1.01,a10N TAVERN.

After the Meeting, •severalof.3lr.OwEN'S Friends dined
together at the City of London,Tavern. •
After the cloth had been ;withdrawn, Mr. Muin E. was re:
quested to continue the address in which he had been inter.
rupted above stairs.
[The demonstrations in Political Economy given by the aid
of the pieces of coloured wood, used'as 'sensible signs by Mr.
Mudie, cannot, of course, be reported.]
Mr. MuntE concluded his address in the following terms:
—I have thus considered the question, as a question in Po-
litical Economy; I am content that the propositions be.
fore us shall stand or fall, according as they shall be proved or
disproved by the test which that science affords. I venture
fearlessly to say, that Mr. Owen himself will rest the fate of
his system upon that issue.—l venture to say that it is tie.
monstrated that Political Economy forms one of its foundations,
not less solid than all the rest, and that we can overthrow all
the spurious theories in Political Economy to which the con-
tinued reign of error and wretchedness, and ignorance amongst
men, is chiefly attributable.
That the prevailing theorists in Political Economy have ut-
terly, and most fatally for the best interests of Society, even
mistaken the very objects into which it is the province of Po.
litical Economy to inquire,—appears from all their writings;
and is in fact rendered evident br. the work entitled, " Ele-
ments of Political Economy, by James Mill, Esq."—a work
which is an avowed digest of the prevailing theories, which
professes to be a School Book for the student in POlitical Eco.
nomy ;—and in the " Introduction" to which, Mr. Mill says,
(page 4th),
" It thus appears, that four inquiries are comprehended in
" this science.
" Ist. What are the laws which regulate the production of
" commodities ?
" 2dly, What are the laws according to which the comm.
dities produced by the labour of the community are dis.
" tributed.
" :Idly, What are the laws according to which commodities
" are exchanged for one another.
" Mthly, What are the laws which regulate consumption ?"
Now, with respect to two of the four inquiries stated in the
preceding quotition, the subjects proposed to be inquired into
have no existence; and, the two remaining subjects of inquiry,
are not the proper objects to be ascertained by a scientific in-
vestigation in Political Economy.
Instead of inquiring into the '+ laws which regulate produc-
tion" (for no such laws, either natural or artificial, exist, nor
does any such presumed regulation actually take place in prat
ilea), the genuine science of Political Economy inquires,

ht, NVhat are the means by which the production of corn,
modities may be beneficially regulated ?

And, 2d, What are the causes, by the mischievous operation
of which the free production of.connodities or of wealth, is now
obviously and injuriously restrained ?

In thei:tme niannerr instead of assuming, like the spurious

theories, that there are laws which regulate the consumption
ionimodlties, and, instead of inquiring at to those'stipposNl
laws, (as unreal as arc their imaginary effects,) the true and
genuine science, or Polideal• Economy, leading the way for the
practical march of ,improvertrnt, anti furnishing &cps lod
materials foe the guidance even -of the governing poweyi
ih-
quires, I,
Ist, What are the causes, which, as is proved, by the re.
straints upon production and by the prevalence of poverty, now
perniciously obstruct the consumption of commodities ?
And 2d, What are the practical means by which the con.
sumption of commodities may be beneficially facilitated, or re-
gulated advantageously for all parties?
In the same manner also, the true science of Political Eco-
nomy inquires,

Ist, Into the best and most advantageous :Twang of effecting the
distribution of the commodities produced by the labour of the
community, and Into the causes by which that distribution is
now injuriously obstructed :

And 2d, Into the vices of those artificial modes, by which
the exchange of commodities is now effected,.—and into the
most beneficial means, and the soundest principles by which
exchanges of commodities can be conducted, for the advantage
of all individuals and of the State.

Gentlemen, after this demonstration of the fallacious bases
on which the whole of the fashionable and ruling theories are
constructed, it appears to me, that all those theories are essen-

daily, absolutely, and necessarily false ; and thnt an Essay
avowedly written for the purpose of inquiring,
What are the laws, by the operation of which, every pauper
becomes an Emperor ?
could not be more irrational,—not niore.undeserving of serious
notice,—not more false in all its premises, inferences, and con.
elusions, than the Essays of the spurious Economists, because
their Essays, like the one just supposed, are little else than in-

quiries respecting supposed and imaginary fiicts, which in trutl:
have no real existence.
Gentlemen !—A celebrated political Economist, David 121.
cardo, Esq., has stated in his work on Political Economy,—
That " the natural price of labour is that price which is ne.
" cessary to enable the labourers, one with another, to subsist,
" and to perpetuate their race, without increase or diminution."
--(Page itt3, 3d edition.)

And that, " however much the market price of labour may
" deviate from its natural price, it has, like all other commo-
" dities, a tendency to conform to it."—( Page U 7. idem.)
But, it is evident, Ist, That in these positions Mr. Ricardo
is utterly mistaken as to the first fact which he has assumed
and that he has failed to derive any really scientific or useful
result from his second fact. For, Ist, There is no natural price
for labour. The price of labour is altogether artificlal,—is al.
together occasioned by the unequal distribution of property,—
and has therefore been altogether created by legislation. There
is, it 16 true, a natural reward for labour; but that natural re.

ward, or natural return for the exertion of labour, consists of

the whole amount of the wealth which by Its exertion is pro-
duced. 2dly, Adtnitting it to be true, with Mr. Ricardo, that
labour has, under the present system, a tendency to conform to
what be terms the natural price, or to a price atwhich the labour-

ers can barely be subsisted, one with another,—a tendency which
I not only admit, but believe, to exist in efrect,—and which I
believe to be only in some degree, or rather in some instances,

corrected by the indirect influence of legislation,—then it fol.

lows that in the fact of that most deplorable tendency alone,—
of an actual tendency to a condition of such extreme wretched-
ness for the greater portioa of human beings in'civilized so-
ciety, there is an imperious ground for attempting the employ.

ment of new and scientific measures and arrangements (such

as those proposed to you), by which an alleged natural evil so
frightful in its nature and in its extent may be counteracted
and, it is further evident that Air. Ricardo and the other the°.

retical economists, who have acknowledged the existence of such

*tendency as this, and who have at the same time itnagi►teti

that there are natural laws in operation for the beneficial ad-
justment of supply and demand, and for the production of the
greatest possible sum of human prosperity, must in the very
nature of things have constructed systems utterly unworthy of
regard in the regulation of the real and practical concerns of
human life.
I shall only quote one passage more, (from Mr. Malthus,) as
an unequivocal admissioafrr a.quitrter whence it was the
least likely to prodegitodt thutthoconststiarv',of the.working
classes is at present extremely wretched, and that there is some-
thing in the existing arrangements of society which will for
ever keep them in their present misery. He says, in his Prin.
ciples of Political Economy, chap. vii. sec. 9, " I have always
thought and felt that many among the labouring classes in this
country work too hard for their health, happiness, and intel.
lectual improvement ;and if a greater degree of relaxation from
severe toil could be given to them, with a tolerably fair pros.
pect of its being employed in innocent amusements, and useful
instruction, I should consider it as very cheaply purchased by
the sacrifice of a portion of the national wealth and populous-
ness !" Unhappily, the inevitable tendency of Mr. .Malthus's
works, and, among the rest, of that which he has so erroneous.
ly entitled the Principles of Political Economy, is to perpe-
tuate that very state of wretchedness, the existence of which he
so candidly admits, and which, in the above extract, he seems
so feelingly to lament ! The genuine science of tru,Tt Political
Economy would have taught him, that a sacrifice of the na-
tional wealth and populousness is by no means an inevitable
consequence of attempting to mitigate the present unnatural
severity of human labour; and that, on the contrary, the la-
bouring classes may enjoy a large portion of leisure, with the
certainty that they might at the same time be put in possession
of much more wealth than they are now permitted to consume,
and that with that increase of the national wealth, there would
be an increase, rather than a diminution, of the national po
pulousness !

Gentlemen, it is admitted on all hands that the country pos-
sesses the power of producing annually a prodigious increase of
wealth ! That prodigious increase is precisely the amount of
advantage, as respects wealth, which would be obtained by Mr.
Owen's arrangements, and which would be divided, in addition
to the present value of their labour, amongst the inmates of his
establishments. But, say the spurious Political Economists,
and the other objectors to the new system, it would be itnpos-
table to find markets for theincreased productions, which, we
grant, your new system would create, but which would only '
Increase the general distress, by the excessive superabundance,

by the universal glut of all kinds of commodities which it would
occasion, and under the evils of which all parties already suffer,
in a limited degree ! Gentlemen, it is under the old system,—
it is under the present imperfect, ruinous, and wretched system,

that what are called the evils of superabundance, do indeed
exist ; and it is under that system alone, that those evils always
must exist. Under the new system, as I shall prove us you
presently, the mime evils never can by possibility occur,—be-
cause, under the new system, the producers of wealth will be
enabled to do that which they are not enabled to do now, viz.
to consume all the wealth produced by their own industry, or
equivalents for that wealth ! Capital, by its present mode of
operation, too generally exerts itself to increase the production
or wealth, not only Without taking measures for enlarging the
markets in which it is to be consumed, but, on the contrary -
always striving, by a diminution of the value of labour, to con-
tract the markets whieh already exist. The capital to be em-
tinhiennattesh'etofof thethe
same
emlnlnuintilbee3r will he plOyed In the new communities will create new markets as well
as new productions; fur the consumption of wealth by the
gratify his desires to the utmost extenwtiouratkoninywg to
ordinary circumstances. Bow is it possible, then, that,
ltow
under a system which is toenable being
powers ht times •
classes t
hgetr
raga
.rr
every human
tification can be carried, by the
ricer such a system,
ance s
offit, wealth can ever Possibility, be created
sputioui political. Economists tell tis that the amount of
the.supply of wealth is regulated by the demand for it 1.-Gen-
tlemen, ,their own admission that a superabundance of wealth
sometimes occurs, and that a glut of wealth now exists, falsifies,
of
al"dsup,lettiain-41-
and demonstrates the absurdity of their own theories ! put for
their puerile and fallacious systems, immense imp ,1 ro ements
could be effected in the condition of all classes of the pet:oe.
even without the aid of Mr. Owen's arrangements,—although
those arrangements, certainly, will carry improvement to the
highest possible pitch to which it can be =lied, in the present
state of our knowledge !—Gentlemen, the spurious Political
Econemists, in treating of demand and supply, have only shewn
this, that they are ignorant of what the true demand for produc-
tions really is ! The real and natural demand for prodealons
has, in fact, no limits,—no conceivable bounds. The wants of
man, end therefore his demands, are as boundless as his de-
sires are insatiable! 'Whether it be the grand market of the world,
therefore, or any one of those furnished by the consumption of
a particular country,—it is absolutely illimitable, and never
has been, nor ever can be, overabundantly supplied !--ft is be-
cause the power of consuming is most injuriously and most,
ignorantly restrained, by the errors, the imperfection, and the
numberless counteractions, of the present system, and not, as
the spurious Political Economists have supposed, because the
demand is satisfied, that there is so frequently an apparent, or
mercantile, superabundance of commodities in our present
markets ! Remove the restraints upon consumption, which
can only be done by withdrawing the human being himself
from the grinding influence and the sordid operation of the
commercial principle, and by rescuing him from that condi-
tion in wide' he himself is acknowledged to be nothing more
than a mere mercantile commodity,—do this (and this can
only he done efficaciously by the arrangements of 111 r. Owen,
or by similar arrangements constructed on correct principles,)
and a superabundance of commodities never can again by pus.
sibility occur.—Continue, on the other hand, wales the
present system;—and, from the artificial evils occasioned by
the real and natural blessing of your stupendous powers of pro-
duction,...-from the evils of that which has emphatically been
called the curse of superabundance, you never can again, in
consequence of your vast powers, and in consequence of the
errors and counteractions of the present commercial system, by
possibility escape! I appeal to every one who hears me, even
to the richest individual amongst us, whether there are not oc-
casions continually maturing, on which he sighs for the acquisi-
tion of some new enjoyment,—of some new possession, beyond
his means of attainment !-1 ask him, whether, conscious as
he is of that desire on his own part, he is not, on one moment's
reflection, convinced that the desires, and therefiwe the wants,—
and too generally the necessary wants—of the immense majo-
rity of his fellow subjects and fellow creatures, are still less sa-
tisfied than his own ? I put it to you all, Gentlemen, if what I
have just stated is the truth ; and, whether, if what I have stat-
ed be true, it is not established, that the demand for wealth—that
is—for the productions of human tehour,—is not now, and never
can be, satisfied—for, the desires which
,you feel for the enjoyment
of wealth, are the only natural and the only real demand for
wealth,—whilst that which the spurious economists have igno-
rantly called the satisfied demand for productions, is in fact no-
thing more than the starving restraints which their own systems
have imposed, or have been the means of continuing, upon con-
sumption 1
Thus, then, the worst apprehensions of those, who are on this
subject the real visionaries,—of those who are really the dream-
ing expectants of chimerical anti impracticable results, are
effectually dispelled.—Thus, it is evident that the groundless
dread, lest property should become of no value, and lest the
consequence of a prodigious increase of riches, should, by an
inexplicable process, become the very means of rendering it im-
possible that the proprietors of the land should receive their
rents, or that Capitalists should obtain their usury, is for ever
annihilated. Thus, is the worst and most formidable objection,
irrefragably refuted.—l have, Gentlemen, entered a more ex-
tensive field than the occasion will permit me to traverse with
that minuteness of examination which is desirable. I shall,
therefore, pass quickly over the remainder of the ground, and
merely cpst a brief notice on die other seeming impediments
to our progress.
One of these is the assertion that capital, if left to itself, will
always find the most profitable and die most advantageous chan-
nels of employment ; and also the very erroneous inference
drawn from that proposition, even admitting the proposition
itself to be correct—namely, that it is therefore useless to pro-
pose a new and improved scheme for its employment._
Gentlemen, though capital may always seek the niost profit-
able employment, I deny that it has cite
power to find it, and
I deny that it has either the power or the inclination, to seek
the most advantageous and beneficial employment. Witness
the accursed commerce in human beings which it carried on I
under the British flag, and which it still carries on under
foreign flags, from the coasts of Africa, thus proving Omit will

' traffic in the blood and slavery of rynarterof the globe for
thesake of its own untighteptia increase! Airitness the millions of
money which have been transferred from the Exchange of this
Metropolis to the coffers Of 'France; to be employed in carrying
carnage through the territory, and in imposing chains upon the
people, of a State whose independence was purchased with the
blood of Englishmen, and-whose independence and prosperity
are atthis moment so essential to the independence and prosperity
of the British empire ! Witness this disadvantageous employ-
ment of an immense capital—this.ruinotts employment of it ;
not fur the production of increased wealth,' .or of increased
human happiness, as the Political Econombies have prepos-
terottslrassumed, but 'for the waste .of war-,-for the purposes
of destruction, of carnage, and devastation !—Witness this, at
a time when the plans of Mr. Owen present a boundless field
fbr its profitable—for its productive—for its felicitous, em-
ployment at home, anti then tell us that capital is an intelli-
gentda happinessniattt
do
directed,
iltlieltdpt,loobybylenceonnt: unhesitatinglycompulsion
l capitalsio
and a beneficent agent, to which care over the advance-
ought confided!!!
o be
n —No I—But
rige)at l
androriel
reasons,
stasytti not: its
othe it
capitalists,
e.
tix:tieilasglnneiie:nifilliceraei:eanisost:lestiteaCpsielici°llittiltasc'toctalusrft.olepiluocnr:nepbnbilicaeeettlalw.iel—e)ni%cbtale:loeen(ut
hinoribnaasengtnittcionet
hatdiucto s
ea ntsibee communities
communities will eventually induce all capital into a beneficial
as well as a profitable employment ! All that I have to do is,
to prove that it is not a work of supererogation to call the at-
tention of capitalists to advantageous and honourable plans;
and that capital is not, in itself; the best judge of the manner
in which it might to be employed !—Would it be sufficient &-
insuring its most beneficial application to place a large capital
at the disposal of an untutored Indian ?—tiol—And if capital
in the halals of the ignorant savage requires the direction of in-
telligence, that is enough to prove that it is not, as has been as-
sumed, an intelligent and a beneficent agent; and its posses-
sors, therefore, even in thisenlightened country, though it may
said to have arrived at the years of discretion, in the age of civi-
lization, are not to be wholly exempted from receiving judicious
advice, are not to he elevated entirely above the influence of
science, and placed absolutely beyond the reach of the dictates
of experience!
One more point, and I have done:—lt has been said that the
realization of these plans will induce ultimate misery, because
the comforts and abundance to be provided by them will occa-
sion an excessive increase of population !—The very persons
who contend that the system is utterly visionary and impracti.
cable, also contend that if reduced to practice, it will be so over
practical in its operation as speedily to replenish the whole earth
with inhabitants ! The dream of over-population appears to me
to be as chimerical and as absurd, as the dream of over-production
of wealth. Besides, in both cases, we are, at this very moment,
actually suffering those very evils which it is only feared the
new system will entail upon our posterity, perhaps some
thousands of years hence ! The British islands, though ca-
pable of sustaining in affluence several times their present po-
st
pulation, are already suffering the evils of excessive population,
saviaileinnon)ii
gisal:nilt?ebgan- otst
become
:rh'lnetEi ar
'enu e' (yi
so severely, that their Government have thought it necessary to
resort to the debilitating remedy of encouraging emigration.—
The whole earth is capable of sustaining an increase of popula-
tion too prodigious to be calculated ! Let us, therefore, avail
ourselves of the discoveries by which, in our generation, we
may escape from the evils of excessive populousness; anti if,
at some exceedingly distant age, when the solid surface of the
universal globe shall he cultivated as a garden, the recurrence
of that evil from which we shall have escaped, must take
place, let us leave it to that distant and more enlightened age
to take example from the wisdom of its enterprising ancestor of
the nineteenth century, and to devise a new remedy for itself!
1 have said nothing of the philosophy of Mr. Owen's system.
I have confined myself, both at this and at the last .Meet.
ing,to the practical part of the plan,—to what all will
admit to be the question as to the matters of fact !—lf some of
Mr. Owen's opinions are speculative, I rejoice that he has been
able to derive happiness from exercising his powerful mind in
speculation I.—lt mutters not to me if his practical arrangements
had been devised by a Jew, a Mahomedan, or an Infidel. I
take and employ the exquisitely constructed and surpassingly
useful piece of mechanism, without any uneasiness about the
speculative opinions of its inventor. The maker, in freely pre-
senting it, has an undoubted right to tender us his opinions at
the same time. He is right in pertinaciously refusing to com-
promise
his opinions. And those who take the practical ar-
rangements at his hands are neither bound to take the opinions
also, nor do they compromise their own. Let us therefore
unhesitatingly accept the matter• of fact, and by mutual con-
sent suffer the contest about opinions to be carried on in the old
way; and let those continue to claim the victory who are able
to produce the most truth on their side, or who fancy that they
have that advantage.

A. J. namtvrox (or Dahell; Bin., ihen 'stated that he
also had intended to address .t e Meeting, if a. favourable
oppottunity had presented itself. "''There are (said Mr..
Hamilton) two classes _of men from • whom- the " New Sys-
tem" has received more opposition than from all the others
put together,—l allude to the Clergy and the Lawgivers or
Lawyers : I therefore wish to direct the attention of this
meeting to the cause of the opposition of these two parties,
and I tr
forust I shall be able to prove, that there isiAo good foun-
dation it.—The cause is a belief in both parties that man
is a free agent. I shall first examine what ground* the Clergy
have for their belief in man's free agency,
. and then we shall
see if facts bear out the Lawyers in thinking him so. In the
first place, the Old Testament says, " Train up a child in the
war he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from
it; —what is this but Mr. Owen's fundamental axiom, "that
man is the creature of circumstances" ? Secondly, in the New
Testament, it is clearly and distinctly laid down, " That before
the foundations of the world were laid, God did fore-ordain and
predestinate all things ; and that some men he did predestinate
unto everlasting life, and others to everlasting damnation ~and
all for his own glory," This passage does not occur merely
once or twice in the New Testament, but often ; and upon the
belief of its truth the 39 Articles of the Church of England and
Ireland were drawn up, as was likewise the Confession of Faith
of the Scottish Church. I ask, then, can any man be a mem•
ber of the Churches of either England, Ireland, or Scotland,
and at the same time believe himself to be a free agent? cer-
tainly not ; he must either abandon his religion or his free
agency. Are there then any grounds for opposing Mr. Owen's
system, because it is contrary to the Bible ?
No : the Bible
speaks directly the other way, and (as Mr. Crooke observed at
the last meeting) is in every respect in unison with Mr.
Owen's system. There is another cause, if it be true,
why man cannot possibly be a free agent,—and I believe
it was never before mentioned at a public meeting,—it
is the new science of phrenology to which I allude, as
advocated by Drs. Gall and Spurzheim, and Mr. Combe,
and Sir George Itl'Kenzie. This new science undertakes to
prove, that men's actions are determined by the shape of their
heads ; therefore how can a man be free to do a thing or not to
do it, when the organization of his brain compels him to act in.
one way only ? Illuch ridicule has been thrown upon this new
science of phrenology, but I can tell this meeting that it is be-
hayed afuong many others, by the two pillars of the Scottish
Church, namely Dr. Chalmers, of Glasgow, and Mr. Thomson,
of Edinburgh, men who, as Theologians
and Metaphysicians,
stand at the top of a Church, which owns no head but C'hrist.—
Here then we have another system„upon hich the doctrine of
necessity can be proved, and although I do not understand it
sufficiently myself to believe it entirely, still, when I know
that it is supported by such menus it is, I cannot help thinking
that there must be something in it. I shill now for a few
minutes call the attention of the meeting to the opposition of
the lawgivers or lawyers. They have been trying for ages past
through the means of force to make men do right. Have they
succeeded in their attempts ? No, nor will they ever succeed.—
They may enact penal laws, they may build jails, bridewells, pe-
nitentiaries, and hulks ; and they may hang, transport, nod whip
their fellow-creatures for ever, but they will effect nothing by these means. Let us now examine if any other ni:.aus havo been successfully tried in reforming human beings; I ion happy
to say there have, and that Count Rumford, at Munich ad Mrs.
Fry, in this country, have tried kindness, and that it tuts suc-
ceeded to their utmost wishes, although exercised upon the roost
abandoned and degraded of human beings. It is certainly very
singular that men did not discover sooner that kindness was the
best means to use to improve the habits of their fellow mortals,
considering how long it has been known to persons accustomed
to manage the inferior animals. Let the law-givers and lawyers
of the world ask the trainers of horses, the breakers of dogs, or
the keepers of wild beasts, whether kind or harsh treatment
answers the best, when applied to the creatures under their
charge, and they will, one and all, reply, that it is by kindness,
and kindness alone that they can effect their purpose. Can it,
then, be any thing against Mr. Owen% system, that
it has been opposed- by law-givers or lawyers, who, prac.
tically spealang, are actually more ignorant than the
trainers of horses, the breakers of dogs, or the keepers of wild
beasts? Upon ie whole, however, lam of opinion that men
differ more about mere words than any thing else. Some
Christians think Mr. Owen's views opposed to Christianity,
others think them perfectly consonant with it; nay, more, that
they are the very essence of Christianity. Mr. David Hume was
formerly very generally thought to be the greatest enemy
Christianity ever had, from his having shewn the absurdity of a
belief in miracles. But a few Sundays ago I heard the cele-
brated Scotch preacher, now in this city, and who was trained
under Dr. Chalmers, declare, that Mr. David Hume was the
best friend Christianity ever had, because, said Mr. Irving, he
ha* swept away the very foundations of all natural religion.
This I state to the Meeting as I heard it, and with a view to
show how men differ upon what is in favour of Christianity and
what is not. I must now apologize to the Meeting for occupy,
ing so much of its time, and Pave only to express my entire Approbation of Mr. Owen's system,"

PRICE 0;
Tins DAy AT.,

Bank Stock..
3 per Cent.. Red. ll2i.
3 per Cent. Cons 814
34 per petit
4 per Cent. 01d { New.
5 per Cents.l797 ............
Bank Long Ann.
...... . 21
Imp. 3 per Cents.

F STOCKS
ONE O'CLOCK.
'lndia Stock
India Bonds s,ls. 545.
(South Sea Stock —
Old Annuities , .
Ex. Bills i.)6 29 pr.
Ditto Small —
Bank for Act. —
India for Con. Acct.
Cons. for Ace. Blgail

PRICE or FOREIGN STOCKS ix LONDON, Auu. 1,

AT ONE O'CLOCK.
French - i Five per Cents. 09.
1 Scrip, Di pr.
Six per Cents. 00.
Russian I.
Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00.
Ditto New en.
Five per Cent. Bonds, 00.
Five per Cents. (Metallic) 00.
Five per Cent. Bonds, 1820, 00.
Spanish Ditto 1821, 112 i.
Ditto 1822, 00.
Prussian I Five per Cent. Bonds, 86.
I Ditto New, 83i.
Danish Five per Cent. Bonds, 00.
Chili 00.
Colombian Six per Cent. Bonds, 623.
Peruvian New Loan, 00.
{Bank Shares £2l ss.
Seven per Cent. 04.
Six per Unit. 02-99.
Five per Cent. 96-97.
Three per Cent. 68.

Neapolitan
Austrian

A mericen

EMI! WATER k
Aloming, 56 'llium(

•
,T LONDON BRIDGE TOZIOR ROW
es after 10. j Evening, 38 minutca after 11

THE SUN.

SOLEM OUIS DICEEE FALSUM A UDEAT ?

LONDON,
SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1823.

We have in our preceding columns given ex-
tracts from the Foreign Journals, received since
our last, and a few further extracts from the
Paris Papers brought yesterday by our Express,
to which we beg to refer our Readers.

The Expresses from Paris this morning have
brought the French rentes on Thursday as fol-
lows :—Opened at 901. 80c., got up to 911. 10c.,
and closed at 901. 75c.—Spanish, 36 (sellers).
Private letters received by the Expresses state,
that it is certain that the French begin to feel
themselves critically situated in Spain ; and
that the Duke d'ANGouLEatc's departure from
Madrid is attributable to the state of anarchy in
which that capital is plunged, and to the conse-
quent danger even to his own person. Part of
his Royal Highness's Body Guard, and various
other corps, have already been marched off for
Seville. The Spanish sortie from Cadiz is re-
presented as having been completely successful,
and a chef d'a'uvre of the Constitutionalists.
Iti object was to reinforce BALLAsnatos ; and
was made with 9000 men,-4000 of whom joined
the above General. The remaining 5000, having
accomplished the object of the sortie, returned into
Cadiz. The private accounts also state, that the
Cortes are inflexibly resolved not to enter into
any negociation, except with the French Go..
vernment,—meaning, we presume, that nothing
can compel them to acknowledge the Madrid
Regency.

MINA, it is reported, since he left Barcelona,
has marched to Villafranca, where he arrived on
the 15th, the head-quarters of the divisions of
LLOVERAS, MILANS, and MANS°. LLOBERAS and
ltorrEN are said to have got to the rear of the
French army, with a considerable force.

Private accounts from Paris also notice the ru-
mour of an intention to augment the French
army before Cadiz to 36,000 men, in the hope of
thus hastening a negociation.

It appears from a letter in the Courier Francais,
that the heads of the two principal families of
Catalonia, Counts de PINos and SANTA COLONNA,
command the National Militia. The public opi-
nion is decidedly expressed in favour of the Re-
volution, and the richest merchants and manufac-
turers have taken up arms in defence of Consti-
tutional Liberty.

e have received Brussels Papers, but they
contain nothing of a►►y interest the substance
of which has not previously appeared in our
columns.

We have in our front page given a Report of
the proceedings at Mr. OW EN'S adjourned meet-
ing yesterday, and in another part of our Paper
will be also found a report of what took place at
a dinner, after the Meeting, of Mr. OWEN and
of some of the friends to his system. All parties
must now admit, that Mr. OWEN'S Plan has at
length unequivocally received the stamp of public
approbation ; and that, as a plan, so acknow-
ledged and accepted by the public, its success
or failure, as a measure of extensive application,
depends solely on the result of the actual. ex.
periment which is to be immediately instituted.—
We have never attended a Meeting more re-
spectable than that of yesterday (if indeed we
ever saw an assemblage, which was equally nume-
rous, so respectable),and yet, although all persons
present, who were not perfectly convinced of the
practicability and utility of the Plan, were ear-
nestly requested not to vote, the Resolutions were
carried unanimously, amidst tumultuous applause.

Mr. OWEN was heard to say, that the Public had
gone along with him much further than his warmest
expectations had anticipated. The speeches given
by Mr. HAMILTON and Mr. MTJDIE, at the dinner,
deserve attention, as bringing the principal diffi-
culties of the subject within a close and intel-
ligible compass. That of the former Gentle-
man very happily illustrates the efficacy of judi-
cious kindness, as an agent of moral power. The
observations of the latter are not only im-
portant as a vindication of Mr. Owitiv's Plan,
but may be applied with considerable effect in
deciding the controversy respecting the prin-
ciples of commerce, and the great and vital
question of our Navigation Laws. The for-
midable blow which he has struck at the pre-
vailing but mischievous theories in Political Eco-
nomy cannot but be felt, and may lead to
useful results.--At the public meeting, the re-
plies given by Mr. OWEN to the various objec-
tions to his plan which were stated in the room,
were particularly felicitous and successful. Our
space has not allowed us to do justice to those
replies, nor indeed to most of the speeches of the
Gentlemen present. Mr. OWEN, however, cer-
tainly never produced so great an impression
upon the minds of his auditors at any previous
meeting.

The Revenge, of 71 guns, Captain Sir Clt.t rues
Malt Ann, Bart. being completed to her full war
complement of 650 men, will shortly leave the
Medway for Spithead, where she will receive the
flag of Vice-Admiral Sir Runty BURRARD
NEALE, and then proceed to Malta to relieve
Sir GRA. 1110011 E, in the Rocybrt. It is ex-
pected this ship will call off' Cadiz.
Friday evening arrived his Majesty's cutter
Dwarf, 13 days from St. Lucar, where she anchored after
touching at Cadiz. The French squadron blockading that part
consisted of two line-of-battle ships, three frigates, one corvette,
and several smaller vessels, under the command of ltear-Ad-
miral Hamelin in the Colossus, 74. White the Dwarf was
beating out of the port, with her pendant and ensign flying, a
shot was fired from one of the French ships, and pitched within
a few feet of the stern of the Dwarf; a boat was immediately
lowered, and two of the officers of the Dwarf went on board to
the Admiral for an explanation, which they received in a very
unsatisfactory manner, the Admiral declaring that his orders
were peremptory to suffer nothing to pass without examination.
.—.(Plymouth Journal. )

Treroman's Exeter Flying- Post, after noticing
the arrival of the Dwarf at Plymouth, and the circumstance of
a shot having been tired at her on her coming out of Cadiz,
which crossed not more than two feet from her bows, and
splashed the water over her, states, that " a boat was instantly
sent from the Dwarf to demand the cause, when an apology
was made that they were not aware it was an English man-
of-war."

Yesterday, at two o'clock, the Duke of Cu.M
BERLAND and Prince WILLIAM of Souts, left
town for Woolwich, where they were received by
Sir WILLIAM CONGREVE, to inspect that exten-
sive establishment.

Baron COURIER, the Charge d'Affaires from
Portugal, transacted business at the Foreign Of-
fice, on Wednesday.
On Thursday, at three o'clock, a Cabinet
Council was held at the Foreign Office, which
was attended by all the Cabinet Ministers in
London. The Cabinet continued in deliberation
about an hour.
Yesterday a Board of the Lords of the Trea-
sury was held at the Treasury Chambers. An
extra Board was held on Thursday.

On 'Thursday, the Duke of CUMBERLAND, the
Duke and Duchess of CLADENCE, the Duchess of
SAxE-WEimmt, the Duchess of KENT, Prince
LEOPOLD, Prince WILLIAM of SOLMS, and a DU.
merous assemblage of distinguished Personages
honoured Lady DY3Art.r with a visit to a dejellne,
at her Ladyship's house at Ilam, near Richmond.
Marquees and tents were pitched on the lawn ; a
military band attended, and played during the
entertainment.

A recent letter from Cadiz mentions the preg.
nancy of the Queen of SPAIN.
Letters by the last Mail from Hamburg!),
speak favourably of the present appearance of
the corn crops. The -Dutch letters, it is true,
make mention of there having been some raw
a

nd rainy days. On the whole, however, there
was but little alteration on the price of grain.
Mr. RoTuscumn of Paris is about to marry his

niece,the daughter of Mr. SOLOMON Rovisci-mn
of Vienna, who brings him a fortune of one mil-
lion of florins, about 100,0001. sterling.--
(Frankfort Paper).
JEROME BUONAPIRTE, Ex-King of Westphalia,
has bought the palace of his brother LUCIEN, at
Rome, for 150,000 scudi, about 40,0001. sterling.
Died, at Munich, on the oth ult. the Privy
Counsellor M. voN 11-4ANIER, Minister of Hesse
at the Court of Bavaria. Ills Excellency was in
the act of riding out when he was struck with
apoplexy and instantly expired. Ile leaves be-
hind him the name of an upwright and able
Statesman.

In the early part of June there was so heavy
a fall of snow near to Arguati in the Papal do.
minions, that it reached the surprising height of
32 feet. Forty•eight persons were buried in it.
Prompt efforts were made to extricate them, but
from twelve the vital spark had tlo►vn for ever.—
(Berne Paper.)
The French Papers announce that Mademoi-
selle GARNEKIN will shortly ascend in an air-
balloon from the Champ de Mars, and descend in
a parachute, an exhibition that has not been seen
in Paris these seven years.
A letter from Frankfort says, it is very gene-
rally reported that the Archduchess MARIA
LoulsA will again shortly be led to the altar of
Hymen. Her Imperial Highness lately left
Vi-
enna for Baden, accompanied by her son the
Duke of REIC►►STADT.
A woman has been arrested, and committed to
the prison of Douay, charged with the horrible
crime of interring a child alive in the cemetry of
that town. Her name is Victoire Henriquet,
and she is not more than 9.3 years of age.—
She has already undergone two examinations.
It appears that the mother had intrusted the
child to her with an allowance to place it in the
hospital.
