BRUSSELS PAPERS.

BRUSSELS, ArruL 21.—A British cabinet messenger,
who we are assured was the barer of the exchange of the
ratification by Austria and Prussia, passed through this
city yesterday afternoon, and after having delivered
despatches to Sir R. Adair, proceeded to the Hague.
A few days ago, his Majesty went to Jette, where he
passed a considerable time in visiting the country seat of
the heirs of the late Baron Bonaventure: a short time
a ter his Majesty lett it, an Englishman declared himself
the purchaser.

We are assured, that it is intended to grant acts of
full naturalization to one of the two French Generals,
whose merit has already been so advantageous to our army.
The Journals of the Provinces are filled with details of
the march of several detachments of militia of the levy of
1832, who are serving here, proceeding to the depots of
their regiments. The reports of poisoning which have cir-
culated at Brussels and Ghent have also been spread at
Bruges.

Some troops are gone from Liege to Luxemburg, pro-
bably in consequence of the arrest of M. Thom, the Go-
vernor of that province.
We are assured that all the agents of the police have
received orders to have a watchful eye on our journals.—
Jouriml du Commerce of Antwerp.
A man and his wife, n lined Van Hakelin and four other
persons, were arrested yesterday at Windham, returning in a
boat from the vicinity of the citadel of Antwerp. These per-
sons had been long suspected of bavint; a correspondence with
the enemy. This suspicion is confirmed, for the woman
purchased at the neighbouring markets a great quantity of
butter, which was afterwards delivered to the troops in
the citadel : it was by means of this boat, which belong d
to the Dutch man-of-war, that these communications were
kept lip with the enemy. The boat has been confiscated,
and placed at the disposal of the Marine Department.
In the sitting of the Chamber of Representatives to-day,
the budget of the Department of the Interior was voted by
a majority of 66 to 6. The amount of it is fixed at
4,450,300 florins.

M. de Moulenaere, Minister for Foreign Afftirs, said,
" If the Ctiamber were not on the point of adjourning, I
should not make a communication to-day, bat wait till the
ratifications were complete. I wrote to M. Van de
Weyer, to let me know the state of the negotiations before
the adjournment took place ; he acquaints me that on
the 18th instant, at midnight, the Minister of Prussia had
exchanged the ratifications of the treaty of Nov. 15, with
Belgium and the Courts of England and France ; and that
the ratification of Prussia was without any restriction ;
that Austria had made a similar exchange at the same
time, only with the reservation of the approbation, by the
German Diet, of that part of the treaty which regards
Luxemburg ; this formality being required by the Con-
stitution of the Diet, whenever a cession of the territory is
intended." The minister added, that the exchange with
the Russian Plenipotentiary would probably take place in
a few days. Messrs. Jullien and de Haerne consider this
pretended ratification of Prussia and Austria, with cer-
tain restrictions interesting the German confederations, as
an additional deception, because the King of Holland, be-
ing a member of that confederation, which never decides
anything unless all the members are unanimous, will
always have it in his power to embarrass our diplomatic
relations. The honourable members think that this mea-
sure is one step more towards the restoration.—Braissels
Papers, April 22.
CONSTANTINOFLE, MARCH 2G.—Sir S. Canning, after
a long delay, at which he latterly manifested some impa-
tience, has had his audience of the Sultan, and is highly
satisfied with his reception. It is affirmed that, in his
conferences with the Reis Effendi, he has made consider-
able progress in his negotiations relative to` Greece. The
extension of the Greek frontier is as good as settled, and
waits only for the assent of the Sultan, who is willing, it
seems, to meet the wishes of the mediating Powers ; only,
as an indemnity for the enlargement of the boundaries of
Greece, he expects the remission of the remainder of the
military contribution still to be paid to Russia, which
he thinks will be hut a small compensation for the cession
of additional territory required of him. As the Emperor
of Russia feels himself interested by the melancholy situa-
tion of Greece, anti wishes to put an end to it, and is
favourable to the choice of the new Sovereign, he may,
perhaps, listen to this proposal of the Sultan. In Greece
the situation of affairs is unfavourable, and it will be dif-
ficult to introduce a form of Government founded on the
monarchical principle. All the inhabitants of the islands
in particular fear that their interests will be prejudiced by
a Central Government, and would prefer a Republican
Confederation, which they think would be more suitable to
them.—Allgenteine Zeitung, April 18.

THE MAR.KETS.

COAL MAR
Per Ton.
A dair's 18s. 3d,
Bensham Main 16 6
East Percy - —l7 0
Felling Main 15 6
Hebburn Main IS 3
Holy well , 18 6
Ord's Redhugh 17 0
Pontop Windsor ----- 17 6
St. Lawrence Main „.„..,* 19 0
!:infield , 18 0
17 0
West Hartley ,
Willington l9 3
Wylain lB 9
W•

.ET.—April
Per Ton.
Walls End Newmarch.. 19s. 3d.
Ditto Northumberland 18 6
Ditto Perkins and C 0... 19 0
Walls End Riddell's— 19 6
Walls End Walker --. 19 6
Walls hnd Hetton 21 3
Walls End Lyons...—. 19 0
Walls End Lambton....... '2l 0
Ditto Russell's Lyon's,. 18 6
Walls End Stewart's 21 9
Walls End Butter Knoll 19 0
Walls End Ciordon..... 20 6
W. E. Musgrove 16 0
Walls End 20 9
Culm, James and Au-
brey l9 0
Walls End Elgin— 18 0
Hartley 18 0
Llangennech Coal '27 0
LlangennechPemberton '2l 6
New Flockton, Milne,

..alls End Bell & Co.. 18 6
Ditto Bewicke and Co. 20 3
Ditto Blake 17 6
Walls End Callerton .—.. 17 0
Walls End Carr and Co. 17 6
Ditto Clarke and Co. 17 6
Walls End Gosforth 20 0
Walls End Heaton—....... 20 6
Ditto 17 0
Walls End Hotspur* 18 6
Ditto 20 0
Walls End 17 0
Ditto Killingworth 19 0
Ships arrived since

and Co. 17 6
Silkstone Field and Co. 18 0
Stone Coal, James and
Aubrey 33 0
Warde's Lianelly '2O 0
Tan field 17 6
last market-day, 46.

CO UN FRY CORN MARKETS DURING THE WEEK.

Wheat. Barley

Per Quarter.
Abingdon--
Andover*

s. to S.
62 81
73 89
56 66
56 74
50 62
54 86
48 74
54 83
84 92
62 80
56 68
56 61
65 90
50 64
54 58
64 78
65 74
48 74
58 60
48 66

rtrid port
Cirencester
Guildford
I enley - -
Hereford

Highworth «r»..
Maidenhead .M .~
Reading
Salisbury. - •
Southampton
Stroud

"fewkesbniy
Uxbridge
Vantage
Warminster
Windsor

Worctsteirrtrervm

65 66

8. to 8.
31 43
37 41
40 44
32 36
ai 38
36 40
23 32
30 35
44 48
32 42
34 44
39
31 47
34 40
33 40
37 38
30 42
37 40
27 43
30 44

44 61

Oats.

8. to 8.
22 30

24 32
26 30
21 25
26 31
26 35
2f) 30

28 34
2.`2 30

Beans.

5 to S.

- 44
- :2

36 41
- 44-;
- 43
-- 40
- sti
36 37

21 'X
20 26
28 32
22 32
30 38
23 33
21 30
20 28
21 22
31 34

34 42
36 ;ri
- 46
- 48

- 46
34 42
34 46
- 52

About the hour of ten, a procession was farmed on
Knavestnire, headed by Mr. Ostler, on horseback, and en-
livened by several flags and bands of music.
At eleven, the Hints Silicates- opened the meeting by
stating, that having been requested by a numerous and
very respectable body of freeholders, to convene a county
meeting, for the purpose of tilting into consideration the
propriety of petitioning Parliament in favour of the Factory
Bill now before a Select Committee of the House of Com-
mons, he had acceded to their request, and appointed this
day.
The Menet,. Sirs-Arm' (D. Russell, Esq.) then read the
requisition.
Jostens Woon, EN.. of Sandal, in proposing the first
resolution, said that thoursh this country contained in it-
self every thing capable of rendering its inhabitants happy,
yet there were certain lamentable events which at present
caused distress to prevail in every class of society. The
manufacturer and the labourer were enduring the greatest
distress. The workmen in the cotton mills were now
labouring 16 hours a day, for ss. 9d. per week; he had
seen them near Hurl lersfield, living, or rather starving, at
2d a day. He believed the remedy for these evils was to
be found in the amelioration of the condition of the la-
bourer. We are compelled by poor laws to support
the indolent; why, then, ought there not to be
compulsory laws that labour should be remunerated ?
Let hut labour meet its just reward, and want will
give way to plenty, and discontent to happiness. Low
prices were a delusive system in a highly taxed country.
If two or three millions of mechanics were compelled each
to lay out 1/. weekly, prices would rise, but it would not
cause a greater call for industry. Shopkeepers would re
ceive greater profits, rents would be regularly paid, and
no more be beard by many of distress in the land. He
trusted that every one present would support the Bill which
had been submitted to Parliament by the Hon. Member
tor Aldborough. The objections to that Bill were, first,
that the statements made of the sufferings of the children
who worked in factories had been greatly exaggerated—
secondly, that any legislative enactment would be injurious
to the children and to their parents—and, thirdly, that it
was an unjustifi 'hie interferen,e with property. It had
been said that if the mills worked shorter hours, wages
would be lessened. He denied that; for if the quantity
were smaller, the value would become greater. With re-
spect to the second objection, he would remind them, that
it property had its rights, humanity saw that there were
wrongs to be redressed. Was it right that a weakly child
should work longer than a convicted felon, or a negro
slave? Was it right that infant children should be corn-
pelle I to support their parents, who themselves sought,
but sought in vain, to be allowed t 3 labour themselves?
God and man forbade it. He begged to propose the first
resolution, which was as followv:

" That the safety, strength, and dignity of the country are
best secured by a healthy, moral, and contented people."

„ . .
Colonel TEMPEST secouded the regolutlon, slid said that
justice, reason, and humanity spoke loudly in favour of the
cause which had called them together.

Mr. S. SMITH, surgeon at the infirmary in Leeds, pro-
posed the second resol ition. It was as follow. :
" That it has been considered in all ages, and by all wise Go-
verinnents, absolutely necessary, for the promotion of health,
sound morals, and happiness amongst the labouring people, that
they should not be worked beyond their strength ; nevertheless,
the system which of late years has prevailed in some of the ma-
nufacturing districts of Great Britain is directly at variance with
this wise and salutary principle."
Mr. Salmi stated that during twelve years' practice in
ths Leeds Infirmary, he had seen many painful proofs of
the evil effects of in ant labour in the manufactories. He
then entered into a long and most interesting elucidation
of the c ,nstruction of the human frame, and of the dread-
ful consequences produced by the unrea.onable and cruel
system at present prevailing. He read a report of evi-
dence in a Committee of the House of Lords, relative to a
poor boy whose health and life had been sacrificed by too
long hours in a factory. Mr. S. also exhibited a print of a
p rson deformed by the evil alluded to, and concluded by
saying that the advocates of the Bill had been accused of
acting on political motives, but this charge he denied in
toto ; but admitting, for the sake of argument, that it
saying
ntgr ne,
that where,
they
he a
y relieved sked w
th,
edaiss
trtehs
se ha e
dour harm ?f a
alitn
ima
a,tesn r l)mo-
tive, whilst their opponents refused so to do from political
and party prejudice.
The Rev. Mr. BULL seconded the resolution, and spoke
at some length on the injurious effects produced on the
morals of the rising generation by the factory system.
Mr. OASTLEB. commented at great length on the con-
duct of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in moving that
the Bill should go into a Select Committee. He exhorted
the inhabitants of the three Ridings to cordially unite in
support of the Bill, and showed that it was as much for
the interest of the farmers of the North and East Ridings
as for that of the poor factory children. After a very long
and able speech, Mr. Oastler concluded by relating the
particulars of a case which came under his notice, in which
h.,alth and life were sacrificed to the great Moloch of the
manufacturing districts. He concluded by moving the
third resolution, as follows:

"That a lamentable inversion of the order of nature now
exists; that adults are driven into unwilling inactivity, or com-
pelled to work for wages totally inadequate to the proper suste-
nance of their families, whilst the child of tender years is com-
pelled to labour beyond its strength to support its unemployed
and suffering parent; a state of things which is deplorable, whe-
ther we consider the religion or the social welfare of the State ;
inasmuch as it is incompatible with any regular system of edu-
cation, and entails constitutional debility and disease on the
rising generation."
The Hon. Wm. DUNCOMBE, in seconding this resolu-
tion, said that had he now enjoyed the honour of repre-
senting this county in Parliament, he should have con-
sidered it his duty to give his most strenuous support to
the ten hours' Bill, not by merely giving a silent vote, but
by advocating its principles to the utmost of his abilities.
Mr. FOSTER, Editor of the Leeds Patriot, was re-
ceived with cheers. Before he entered upon the resolu-
tion which had been put into his hand, he should beg
leave to read two letters which had been addressed to the
Central Committee : one from James Montgomery, Esq.,
of Sheffield, and the other from Sir William ingilby,
both of whom regretted their inability to attend the meet-
ing. Mr. F. stated in the course of his speech, that on
the occasion of a new mill being opened at West End,
near Otley, the owners had actually contracted with cer-
tain overseers in London, to send them a number of child-
ren, to be employed in the mill. They were shipped to
Hull, and brought from thence through this city to Bo-
roughbridge, and from thence conveyed to West End. If
this was not slavery, it was something very like it. Mr.
F. after some other observations, declared his 'decided freedom
from any political feeling on the present occasion, and con-
cluded by moving the 4th resolution, as follows :
" That while we regret the unhappy state of our manufactur-
ng population, we rely with confidence on the wisdom of the
Legislature for the provision of a proper remedy ; but as
Englishmen and Christians, we cannot longer consent to tolerate
such barbarous treatment of an innocent child as to compel it to
labour in an impure atmosphere a greater number of hours than
either the convicted felon or thenegro slave is by law constrained
to labour." _ .

Mr._ WunarAN, of Keighley, seconded the resolution.
Mr. RAND, of Bradford, manufteturer, said that already
had the county of York, by the resolutions which it had
passed, expressed its voice in favour of a Bill now before
Parliament, that no child under nine years of age shall wog It
in a factory, and that none under 18 years of age shall be
allowed to work more than 10 hours a day. He could not
state his feelings better than by quoting the concluding pa-
ragraph of the resolution which he was about to submit to
the meeting—viz. that " the Bill was founded on the pure
precepts of justice, humanity, and sound policy." As we
could not go back to spinning and abolish machinery, it was
our duty to remedy the evils which machinery had been the
means of introducing, the working of children at so earl,
an age as to interefere with their health, which had been
clearly proved by Mr. Smith. Was it humme to deprive
children of any time to receive moral and rtligious ur
atruction, by working them from six to six ? After that
time, certain he was that the remainder of their time
ought to be devoted to res.. Was it politic to continu, a
system so unmerciful? Jf the children would be bleascd

The Rev. Mr. BoDINGTos, of Great Horton, as a
Clergyman, had witnessed the dying moments of many
victims to the factory system, and never would cease hie
exertions till they had carried their rigt.teous c tu.e. lie
recited an instance, which had come under his own know-
ledge, of a person who had been reduced to the necessity
of working upon his knees, LILA 'as now receiving its. 6d.
p,r week for work thus performed. He concluded by
moving the following resolution :
That a petition founded on the foregoing resoldficOrl, and iit
support of the Bill introduced into the House of Cottltroins by
Michael Thomas Sadler, Esq., be adopted by this meeting, and
presented to the House of Commons by the county Members, dire"
to the House of Lords by his Royal Highness the Duke of SLIS.Ses-
F. CHOI.3ILEY, Esq ,of Bran-by, in seconding this re:
solution, remarked on the propriety of committine th petir
tion to the care of the county Members in the House of
Commons, and in the Ler& to that of the Doke of Sussex,
a well.known friend to the poor and oppressed.
GEORGE STRICKLAND. Esq., M.P. in the name of
himself and his c-Ileagues, accepted the duty with treat
satisfaction. He assured the meeting that the Bill should
have his hearty and entire support. He was sorry to say
that it had a great and powerful opposiiion in the Com-
mittee, and was afraid that there was scarcely time to get
it through before the end of tie tiission He thoneht
that, of er such evidence as Mr. Smith had brought for,
ward that day, the Select Commitiee could not require
any more. A case had been clearly made out of
and cruelty : it was therefore the incumbent duty Of Fat,
liament tit pass the measure, and thus perform Hu act a
jacice to The people. Comparisons Lad b-en made betweo
the factory child and the West India olive. He hail re-
cently been on a Committee on tile West India question,
when he was told that they nail recently set the slaves
their work, and that they 80111, times left at three in the
afternoon; and that it would not be for the benefit of the
slave-owner to compel them to work longer, because (i-is
the witness stated) it would injure the slave's health, per-
haps deprive him of lite, and then his master would ltoc
his service. Was it, then, reasonabe that little English
children should work six hours longer than a slave? He
was afraid the Bill would lie altered either in the Com-
mittee or in the Lords ; if it was, he would exiittt thi
to accept it, and then ask for more.

Mr. OA STLER—No; if we do not get this, we will have
an eight hours' Bill, and a tax on machinery.
Mr. STRICKLA ND —I was going to say that it is not al-
ways wise to refuse a little if we cannot get all. Per-
severe, and if your cause be a just one you will be
successful.

Mr. OAsrLER-It is a just one, and we will have it.
No more Select Committees ; we'll have the Bill. We will
not be worse than the West India slaves, to please Lord
Althorp or any one else.

Mr. STRICKLAND then said, that there was a powerful
opposition to the Bill from the North, and he believed that
the Scotch Members were combined against it. Medical
certificates from Scotland had been indusiriously circulated
amongst the Members, each certificate stating that the sur-
geons, " upon their souls and consciences," did not be-
lieve that the evils stated in the petition were really in ex-
istence. He suspect,d the genuineness of these certificates.
If they had stated more about and less about con-
sciences, he should have liked them bet er. The Hon.
Member concluded by saying. " Gentlemen, I would say
to you, persevere, and you will succeed. Tu the Parlia-
ment 1 would say,
Hear it, ye Senators hear the truth divine,
They who allow oppression share the crime.
Mr. HANSON, an operative, of Huddersfield, congratio
lated the me- zing ran the numerous atten lance which they
then witnessed. lie said that history informs us of num.,
hers being collected together on various ocea,ions, but he
believed that on no occasion bad a multitude assembled
with a more beneficent object in view. He alluded to the
exertions which had been made during the last twelve
months m favour of the objects of the meeting, and con-
cluded by moving
That the thanks of this meeting, and of every Christian and
friend of humanity, are due to Michael Thomas Sadler, Esq.,
M.P. for his exertions in Parliament in behalf of the Factory Bill.
The Rev. Mr. MAnDocK seconded the resolution. He
would advise them to vote for the Bill—the whole Bill—
and nothing but the Bill.

M. T. SADLIiii, Esq. M.P., gratefully acknowledged
the kindness evinced by the vote of thanks, awl spoke at
great len4th on the evils of the factory system, and on the
interested mutivte of many of those who opposed the ten
hours' Bill.

Mr. R. Hatt, in moving the next resolution, spoke of
the enthusiastic regard manifested towards Mr. Oastier by
those engaged in the factories; and hived that a testimony
equally convincing would be given by the company

The Rev. Mr. GRAHAM had great pleasure in second-
ing the vote of thanks to Mr. Oastler, whom he bad
known for a number of years.
Mr. OASTLER said they had him under an obliga-
tion which the King of England could not have brought
him under ; and, if anything could enh.nce its value to his
mind, it was that the motion had been seconded by hia
friend Mr. Graham.

Dr. WAKE (of York) moved the adoption of a petiti-
tion founded op the resolutions.

Mr. RALPH TAYLOR (of Leeds) seconded the above.
The petition, as well as the resolutions, were padsed.
unanimously.
The HIGH SHERIFF could not let the opportunity pass
without complimenting the meeting on the very good con-
duct which had been uniformly rosin. wined during the day.
On the motion of HENRY HALL. Esq., (of Leeds) se-
conded by the Hon. War. DUNCOMBE, the thanks of the
meeting were passed to the High Snertff for his readiness
in calling the meeting, and for h s imp.rtial conduct in
the chair.—The meeting then (limper e

Although the name of the Bishop of No R-
wicn appeared among the proxies in the division on the
Reform Bill, we are informed, on the authority of a person
who was present, that in spite of his great age, bur
venerable Prelate sat throughout the w ale debate, which
hutted more than 14 bourn.—Norwich Paper.

Yesterday the despatches for China, by the
e'iip Canning (Capt. PHILIP BAYLIS), were closed a tthe
East India house, and delivered to the purser of that ship.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, TUES-
DAY, APRIL 24.-1,000 bales of cotton have been sold
to-day—viz. 250 Bahias, 6id. ; 50 Egyptians, Bd. ; and
700 American descriptions, from 613. to 71d.
LIVERPOOL, TUESDAY.—At our Corn Ex-
change this morning there was a good atendance of the
trade and fair show of samples at Irish wheat and flour,
but of English and Scotch very little offered. For the
best samples of wheat there was a 'air demand at Id. ad-
vance on prices of this slay week, but middling and iuf-rior
descriptions were dull. Of oats very few fine samples
were on show ; for the best Irish 2a. llid. was asked,
but over 2e. 11d. and Es. 104 d. not paid, and the trans-
actions were inconsiderable. Malt steady as quoted.
Barley for malting very scarce, and being wanted would
sell readily at 4s. 10d. to ss. for Irish ; grinding kinds
were not asked for. Beans, pease, and Indian corn all
fiat. Fine fresh flour met a good sale at 465. to 47+. and
475. 6d. for best marks. Meal was taken to a moderate
extent at 255. to 255. 9d. per load. In wheat and flour
under lock no sales took place.
LIVERPOOL, TUESDAY EVENING, APRIL
24.—Arrived, the Rosen, from Gottenbargb ; and the
Nyverheid, from Salon.

LISLE, APRIL 10.—It was remarked at.
Moscow, at St. Petersburgh, and in other places, that an
innumerable quantity of midges or gnats obscured the at-
mosphere upon the arrival of the cholera. The town of
Lisle is at this moment covered with insects. An ama-
teur of statistics amused himself by calculating how many
,df these insects there were on a square metre of the walls.
He counted and weighed them, the surface of the walls of
the town being estimated at 3,750,000,000 square metres,
each metre, on an average, a mellogramtne weight of in.
sects. He has discovered that these insects, if thrown
tneether after their death, would form a weight of 3,750
kilogrammes, or about 8,0001115., of animal matter in pu-
.refaction ; that is to say, a quantity equal to fifty human
bodies, which are left to rot in the streets of the towns....
Surely the authorities should hasten to take measures to
avert from the citizens the danger of breathing these dele-
terious riniasras. Would it not be atizisaplf to light fires
in the large streets, in order tha:etruse pada might be
consumed in the flames? The an ►(4o4gamily fesoriejl\
t.o that measure in periods of conto ; !... The Amoent
s.)
almost universal practice of ligiptig . ggrbo..
st 4
eve, and other epochs, ha I, perha av . 10,1fisi i?thertisi.
corns, an useful origin and obi , yohlayire;"novi beaii 4
forgotten... Paris Paper, V - -, -,
~\
11111 u D 3 T tj
