CHELTENHAM

Per Bushel. s, d. to s. d.l
Wheat
Barley 4 0 5 6
Oats 4 0 4 3
Beans
Pease 5 0 7 0
Hay Si. lOs

H ULL MARKET—Oct. 2.
Wheat, Old —s. 50s. Ns. New —s. 3 402.
Foreign ...... —s. 50s. 545. ln bond... —2. —s. —s.
Oats, Poland —s. 202. 225. Old
Small or Feed.... —s. 18s. 20s
Foreign —s. 15s. 16s
Barley, Norf. & Suf. ... —s. 31s. 345. Line. & Wold —s. 32s 345,
Foreign
Beans 30s. 325. 3-Is. F0reign......... —s. 31s.

Pease, White —s. 365. 38s.
faros ---s. ---s. ---s.
,
Itape,eed in tiond none.
.

Grey —s. 30s. 345.
Foreign —s. 30s. 325.
Free, ner last '24/. 25/. Os.

DUMFRIES MA
s. d. s.d.
Wheat, Imp. Bush—. 6 0 to 7 9 Butter, 16oz.
Barley '3 6 4 0 Eggs, dozen
Oats .......... 2 2 2 6 Beef, per lb.
F10ur,... 111 b. '3 0 3 4 Mutton
Oatmeal
Potatoes, cwt.

RIVETS.—Sept.

s. d. s. d.
0 Oto 0 0
0 0 0 0
04 05
0 4 0 5
04 00
07 09

MEETINGS OF CREDITORS,
AT THE COURT, BASINGHALL-STREET.

(From the London Gazette.)
TO-MOR ROW, OCT. 5. M. n.
C. L. Birch, Great Queen street, coach maker 2at 12
T. Barns, Jermyn-street, St. James's, tailor
'l'. Preston, Cambridge, victualler 2 11
E. Croker, Lombard street, tobacconist
E. Hosnaer, Tunbridge Wells, leather-selier 0 11
W. Pearson, Lamb's Conduit-street, tailor
J. Clarke, Margaret street, Spa-fields, ginger-beer-dealer 1 2
W. Rowley, Great Queen_street, saddlers'-ironmonger 1 1
G. W. Atkinson, Fenchurch-street, grocer 1 1
DIVIDENDS.
W. Petherbridge, Whitechapel, linen-draper at 12
W. J. Ward, Bermondsey-street, wine-merchant l2
.___

In Queen ELIZABETH'S time, the following
entry appears in the Corporation books :—' Aldermen's
wives shall not scold in church." How the character of
Aldermen's wives has changed since the days of good
Queen BEss ! —Liverpool Albion.

AN IRISH WITNESS.—A Hiatt was on trial,
capitally indicted for murder. The chid* witness, on his
examination, detailed the leading incidents—his being
awakened by cries for help—his rising, striking a light,
opening his door, and finding a man dead upon his
threshold. " And what did you do next, my friend ?"
interrogated the Crown Lawyer. " Why," replied the
witness, with amazing sang froid, " I called out—are
any of ye there that kilt the boy ? By the powers, I'll
give a thirteen to him who'll tell me who it was that had
the impudence to murder a tna❑ at my door."— Wild
Sports in the West.

INCENDIARISM.—We regret extremely to
learn that this frightful and alarming crime has again dis-
played itself in the eastern division of Kent. Within
about a month, two fires have taken place upon the es-
tates of the Earl of WINCHELSEA, and although consider-
able rewards were offered, no discoveries have yet been
made. On Saturday night last, about twelve o'clock, the
stack yard of Mr. FINCH, a considerable farmer, and one
of the parish officers, residing at Chartham, within four
miles of Canterbury, was discovered to be in flames, and
although the engines were instantly despatched from the
city, they could not prevent the destruction of two large
ricks of peas and cinquefoin. At the time the fire was
discovered Mr. FINCH was regaling his labourers with the
annual feast of the harvest home. At present suspicion
does not alight upon any one in particular. We are con-
cerned to add, that another large fire took place on Sunday
night, at the village of Howe, in the vicinity of Rochester,
but our informant could not obtain the full particulars,
beyond the knowledge that the damage was very consi-
derable. A threatening letter from " Swing" has also
been received by JOHN BELL, Esq. the King's Counsel,
who resides in the vicinity of Clanterbury.

Yesterday, at 5 o'clock, the members, to tho number of
between 300 and 400, of this Ancient and Honourable
Troop, dined together at White Conduit House, to cele-
brate the passing of the Reform measure, and also in com-
memoration of their dining with the Lord Mayor last year,
at the Mansion-house. Yesterday was the anniversary of
the day they paid their visit to the Mansion-house. Mr.
CHARLES, Colonel of the Ancient and Honourable Troop,
took the Chair.
Joseph Napoleon was expected, but did not honour the
dinner with his presence. Amongst the company were
the Lord Mayor, Mr. Hume, Mr. Tennyson, Mr. l3yng,
Mr. Alderman Kelly, Mr. Grote, Mr. Wooler, Major
Revell, Mr. Alderman Scales, and Mr. Richard Taylor.
After the health of the King, the Duke of Sussex and the
Royal Family, and the Lumber Troop, were drunk,
Mr. GROTE (the banker and candidate for the city of
London) proposed the next toast—." The People, the
only source of legitimate power."—(Applause.) The
toast was more peculiarly gratifying at the present mo-
ment, for, after the recent exertions, the magnificent exer-
tions, of the people in the great cause, they stood higher
than ever in his estimation. They had taken the first
battery, but the fortress of corrupt:on yet remained ; and
he exhorted them not to cease their exertions till it was
levelled with the earth.—(Loud cheers.) The toast was
then drunk with loud applause.
Mr. Heats, who was received with applause, proposed
as the next toast, " The National Reform Bills, and may
they prove efficacious in every respect for the whole of the
British Empire." It was true, the Reform Bill had errors
and imperfections, but he asked them to look at
those errors with a lenient eye, to accept its advantages,
and to consider it as a door to further improvement. It
was impossible to remove the abuses which existed with-
out such a change in the system of Government—
(Cheers.) Let not those who were unrepresented despair.
He went further than many of his reforming friends. He
thought taxation without representation was tyranny.—
(Cheers.) Every man who paid taxes to the support of
the State, either directly or indirectly, or who was liable to
serve in the militis, was entitled to a voice in the choice
of his legislators. The people would DOW have it in their
own power to beat down all abuses—let him hereafter not
hear any man complain of the existence of any oppressive
tax, for if such a tax existed the people would be alone to
blame.—(Cheers.) He conjured them to use all their
energies at the ensuing election to return honest and .ffi
cient representatives. The benefits which he anticipated
from the Reform Bill were a reduction, on a large scale,
of the expenses of the Government; a different allocation
of the public burthens; a reduction in the army and navy;
and an abolition of sinecures and pensions. But they
would never succeed in accomplishing these objects unless
they sent to the next Parliament men who would consult
the interests of the community in preference to their own
selfish interests. The Hon. Gentleman then expressed his
conviction of the necessity of the Ballot.--(Loud cheers.)
It was a necessary protection against the dangerous and
improper interference of those below as well as of those
above.—( Hear, hear ) He hoped the next Parliament
would take care that their successors should not have a
seven years' sitting.—(Cheers.) At the same time, he
thought that the duration of Parliament ought not to be
confined to a shorter period than three years.—(Cheers.)
The toast was drunk with the greatest applause.
Mr. BYNG, M.P., rose to propose " the Health of the
Chief Magistrate of the greatest city in the Empire." Ile
confidently hoped and trusted the generous arid liberal ci-
tizens of London would never forget the great and import-
ant services which the present Lord Mayor had rendered
to the cause of Reform, not only in the metropolis, but all
through the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
—(Loud and unanimous cheering, which lasted sevehl
minutes.)
The toast having been drunk with enthusiastic applause,
The LORD MAYOR-Colonel, Officers, and Comrades—
the time is fast approaching when I shall retire from that
high office the suffrages of my fellow-citizens had conferred
upon me. I know I have given offence to several persons
for having made that high office a political one; but in-
stead of feeling regret for having done so, I glory in it, and
have done no more than follow the example of some of
the worthiest of my predecessors. I have made it a po-
litical office, but then it was done in order to benefit the
people and the cause of liberty.—(Tremendous applause.)
I feel that I have not done wrong.—(Cries of No, no, no,
by no means !") I have said that I was about to retire
from office, the duties of which I have performed con-
scientiously ; but now, through the kindness and encour •
agement of my fellow-citizens, I aspire to serve them in
another and a better office.—(Cheers.) The office I al-
lude to is that of being the representative of my fellow-
citizens in Parliament.—(Cheers.) It was not my inten-
tion to explain myself distinctly as to m} political opinions ;
but having been called upon by your Colonel and Chair-
man, Ido not hesitate to explain what are those senti-
ments. I think it absolutely indispensable that a represen-
tative of the people should possess independent principles
and an irreproachable private character. I state this,
because at a small meeting of you an individual had thought
proper to attack, in no measured terms, my private cha-
racter. If that individual be now present, I call upon
him to stand forward, and publicly, before this numerous
and respectable meeting, to accuse any act of my private or
public life. Gentlemen, there is no action of any part
of my career that—and I have taxed my memory
repeatedly thereupon—l am in the slightest .;ay
ashamed of, and which I ant not prepared to act over
again, and to appeal to your judgment whether such action
be right or wrong.—(lmmense cheering.) The
individual who has thought proper to attack me, is Mr.
Roberts, of Farringdon-street ; and if he be here, let him
now step forward, for I am prepared to justify myself be-
fore this public tribunal. If he be not here, some friend
of his must be ; then let that friend tell Mr. Roberts of
what has now fallen from me ; for upon every occasion I
shall be found unshrinking from the challenge I now put
forward.—(Cheers.) I shall now speak of my political
sentiments. In whatsoever situation I may happen to be
placed, I shall prove myself what I have always been—a
staunch and consistent Reformer. In many things besides
Parliament, Reform is necessary ; but in that respect it is
a great means to a desirable end. I think the strictest
economy should be studied in the civil and military depart-
menu,. I shall support every proper and efficient measure
for ieforming Church abuses.---(Great cheer,.) I sin
aware, that by this last declaration, I shall be accused, as
many others have been who have made similar declarations,
of being an enemy to the Church. I ant no such thing ;
I am one of its most prudent supporters ; for I deem the
only way of upholding it the speedy remedying of its
abuses.—(Cheers.) I shall support every measure that
tends to the abolition of the tithe laws. lam decidedly
partial to the shortening of the duration of Parliament. I
shall think it my most imperative duty to use every effort
of my physical and mental ;acuities to bring about the abo-
lition of all taxes on knowledge.—(Cheers). I shall
always vote for the abolition of the assessed taxes,
and all those imposts that press heavily on the
industrious and poorer classes.--(Great cheering.) I
shall also think it my duty to support civil and religious
liberty ; and I am the most uncompromising enemy of
slavery, no matter what may be the guise it assume. 1
am not aware that I have left any great principle un-
touched.—(Here somebody cried out " the ballot !") I beg
most explicitly to declare, that I am, without hesitation,
favourable to the ballot. These are my decided princi-
ples ; and if the choice of my fellow citizens shall hap-
pily fall upon me as their representative in the next Par-
liament, I shall use all toy time, and the best of my
abilities, that they may be put in practice.—(The meet-
ing then rose en mousse, and for at least ten minutes ap-
plauded the Honourable Magistrate alter he sat down.)
The CHAIRMAN, and Colonel of the Troop, rose and
proposed " Success to the election of the present Lord
Mayor."—The toast was drunk with nine times nine.
The waving of hats and handkerchiefs lasted again several
minutes.

Lieutenant-Colonel BARRETT then read the following
letter from his Excellency Joseph Bonaparte :
" The Count de Survelliers (Joseph Bonaparte) regrets very
much that the news he has just received from Italy (the death
of his mother) should be of such a nature as to prevent Ins be-
ing present at the
Public feast, to which the kindness of the
Committee had invited him. He therefore begs to tender to
each of its members his sincere thanks, apologies, and most dis.
anguished consideration."

The letter was addressed to the Lord Mayor, as Chief
Magistrate of London.
Mr. BARRETT proposed " The Health of the Brother
of NApoleon ," but there were so many dissentients, that
he was obliged to withdraw his proposal.
Mr. Alderman KELLY proposed "the health of the pa-
triotic Members of both Houses of Parliament who bad

supported the Reform Bills."—The toot was drunk with
the usual honours.
Mr. TENNYSON returned thanks in behalf of his Hon.
Colleagues, and considered associations like that of the
Lumber Troop, of the greatest use in promoting and
keeping alive public opinion. Such associations in the
darker times of their history—and in their memory there
had been dark times—had done much to invigorate pubrc
opinion, and that opinion had been productive of much
public good, and would still be productive of greater.
Public opinion would vet do more than it ever bad done.
What it had done produced a beneficial issue; and if it
continued to be properly guided and directed, it would not
Stop short until it obtained equal laws for society at large,
and would always speak so boldly to oppressive Govern.
ments, that they would be obliged to listen to, and even to
obey, its voice. It was pretty generally known that he
was one of the candidates for the new Borough of Lam-
beth. He had been told that the electors of that Borough
were downright radicals ; however, he had at several late
meetings appeared amongst them, and satisfied them
as to his opinions, (at least so he flattered him-
self') upon every essential point.—(Hear, hear.)—
There was one point upon which he would challenge any
men ; had any of the actual candidates for the metropo-
litan districts said one word that tended to destroy the
ancient constitution of the country ? Certainly, he and
many more candidates advocated vote by ballot ; but yet
their ultimate wish was nothing more than to improve
and amend the laws as they now stood. That was their
feeling—their sole motive ; consequently it was they who
deserved the name of " Conservatives," and not those
who so unjustly arrogated to themselves that title. He
trusted he would not be found second to the two Hon.
Members now present in forwarding the true interests of
the people, however he may differ from them on some points.
The LORD MAYOR proposed the next toast, which was
—" The New Constituency, and may their representatives
in Parliament support their rights and redress their
wrongs."—The toast was cordially drunk.
Mr. WILLIAMS rose to propose—" Civil and Religious
Liberty throughout the world ;" and said religious liberty,
in his opinion, meant that each and every one should be
free to profess after his own fashion the creed he thought
best, and should not be forced to support the teachers of
any other religious doctrines than those he professed.—
(Cheers.) The toast was drunk unanimously.
Mr. HILL proposed " The Press, the true palladium of
liberty," and said, that on a late occasion:when the coun-
try was placed in the most doubtful state of crisis, the
Press was the trumpet that sounded them :on to battle,
and never ceased its spirit-stirring notes until the battle
was won. When the partisans of liberty were assailed
upo❑ all sides, and stigmatised as the friends of anarchy
and rebellion,—who repelled the foul calumny ?—who de-
fended them, and proved that they were the friends of li-
berty, and consequently of order ?—The Press. If there
were anybody i❑ that room connected with the Press, he
took upon himself, in the name of the Chairman and
Stewards, to return him the thanks of the assembly. The
strongest tyranny must inevitably crumble down before
that mighty engine; and the most securely-fenced des-
potism could not withstand its missiles if they were
launched forth freely and without control. The im-
mense criminality of savage Russia would fall before the
power of one little printing-press, it it could be esta-
blished freely amid its enslaved wastes.

The toast was drunk most enthusiastically.
The health of the Ancient and Honourable Lumber
Troop—that of the Stewards who had conducted the
dinner that day—anti, lastly, that of the Ladies, was then
drunk, after which the company left the room. As we
were leaving, we met several ladies attired in ball costume,
entering the gardens, where, no doubt, many of the Ho-
nourable Troop were awaiting them, to lead them gal
lantly through the mazes of the dance.
