EDUCATIONAL CLOTHING SOCIETY.

11101-1 COI71:T OF JUSTICIARY, EDINBURGII.

CONTEMPT OF COURT.

On Wednesday last, the Court met at two
o'clock, when di tire .I.ln!ffe.S Wer• present.
Gilbert M. Lend and William Corse attended, in
roost-Ay:epee of an tudcr front the Court, to answer
for h Contempt of its authority, 89 formeily men-
The lormer was broogitt into. Court in
charge of' filrers,,,f)eing now in custody or) a
charge of sedition.; the hue) is at present on bill
nutter a similar charge, The arrele under cowl-
deration of the Court was contained in the 9th
N innber of a Paper, oriuted in Gksgo,r Ott the
2.sll,December (as', called The SO it 4 the Union
.Ibvr: M'Leod beiog irverro,4aied,
Mr. CoCKBUBN rose and said, that as Mr.
14 ',cod bad confessed himself the printer and pub-
lisi,er of the walk in question, hie sith,vitted to the
Court that Carse shouid dischared.

SoLICIToR -GENN Et AL oppostd the motion,
and the Court sustained the obj.c.l.n.
Mr. MILE.ott xt.as again examined, and declared,
that there acre other persona etvnloved in subor-
dinate situations in r•rin:ing the Paper, to. whom
he paid wages, and that he also paid Mr. Carse
for the use of the materials. _ . .

tC+ill,+ur
Carse being interrogated, declared, that
he wAs in no way concerned in the printing and
publishing of No. 9, vol. 1,, of " 'the Spirit of
tjuion"—that it vas printed t his office, No.
J 27. Tiongate, Gla‘go iv, bill that t 'AVIA a
took upon himself the piloting. publishing, and
correcting the press of said number.
Gilbert M`Leod luither declared., that the
article now under corisidernion of the Court was
'Yrilten at a :imp when he laboured under great
distress and agitation of mind, in consequence of
domestic affliction, and that, it it contained any
thing disrespectful, he desired the Court to re-
ceive his sincere contrition for the sante, never
Laving any inte•tY!ion of offeeii,4 insult to the
Court ; that he v.tricrilted the Institutions of his
country, and that nothing was ti.-.rtlr.n• from his
intention than to bring cunt:mil-at on the Court.
HENRY COCKBURN, Esq. Counsel for thepa-
.nels, stated_ that as they had only arrived in Edin-
burgh on Tuesday night, he was quite unpre-
pared to take up the case, and wislied that it
might be postponed till Thurstle.y..- To this mo-
tion the Lord Advocate readily assented, and the
Court appointed the patties. ti appear at the bar
• of the Court at one o'cicck on Thursday.

Pursuant to adjournment, the Court met at one
o'clock on Thursday, when Gilbert M`Leod and
William Cat se were ag.an placed at the bar. The
Lord. Advocate moved the Court to proceed to
judgment, when the Lord Justice Clerk intimated
that if the Counsel for the prisoners bad any
thing to state now et,as the time,
Mr. CoeKROHN filth addressed their Lordships
in a 14;Ost able and kiniinotis speech. The Learned
Counsel stated, that there were two leading points
he had to submit for the consideration of the
Court ; first, the incompetency of their taking up
the case in the present form, and which, even if
it was competent, the propriety of doing so; and,
secondly, that it competent, then it was necessary
to consider if the passage in the Paper tinder dis-
cussion contained libellous or contemptuous mat-
ter. The second point he would not speak to,
un,il the question of competency was first of all
decided. With regard to the competency, he
contended that the Court should, in cases of this
Twilit, if possible, give the party accused the be-
nefit of a trial, according to the solemn and regu-
lar forms of the law, anti that the indi.; idual
should have the advantage of a trial by Jury.
The JUDGES, Who were Jll resew, severally
delivered their opinions, and were unanimous that
the application was quite competent. The ob-
jection was then repelled.
The LORD 1L76T1C6 Cr.exx. then stated, now
was the titne for the prisoners tg state why punish-
ment should not be infl:cted.
Mr. COCKBURN wished the Lord Advocate to
state what he considered libellous in the passage.

The LORD JUSTICE CLERK considered that
quite unnecessary.
Lord Gmt.t RS also stated, that the Court, when
they ordered the attendance of the individuals at
the bar, had considered the contemptuous ten-
dency of the publication.
Mr. ,COCKBURN again addressed the Court at
great length.
After which the Judges severally delivered their
opinions, when the following interlocutor was
pronounced
" The Lord Justice Clerk and, Lords Commissioners of
Justiciary having considered the Newspaper entitled The
Spirit of the Onion,' No. 9, containing a commentary on the
prececdings which took place before this Court, at passing
sentence of fogazition against George Kiuloch of Kinloch,
with the representations made by his Majesty's Advocate
thereanent, with the declaration emitted by the said Gilbert_
ril'Leod, and heard Mr. H. Cockburn, Advocate, as his Coun-
sel, with what has been this day:represented by his Majesty's
Advocate respecting the said William Carte, and the declara-
tion emitted by hint, Find that the said publication is a false
and slanderous rein esentation of what passed in this Court at
pronouncing sentence of ftvitation against George Kinloch,
and a gross indignity offered' to this High Court, calculated
to create groundless jealousies and doubts of this due admi-
nistration of justice by the Supreme Criminal Court of this
part of the United Kingdom. That the said Gilbert M'Leod,
the Publisher and Printer of the said Newspaper, and the
Author of the article mentioned in the representation of the
Lord Advocate, and the Said William Carse, in whose office
the said Paper was printed, are guilty art and part of printing
and publishing the said false acid slanderous representation ;
therefore the said Lords decern and aejudge the said Gil-
bett to he imprisoned in. the Tolbouth of Gias-
gow, for thc; space of four months from this date,
and thereafter, until lie shall find sufficient caution and
9trety fur his good behaviour for the periOd of three years
from the date of his liberation, and that under the penalty of
401. But in the whole circumstances of this case, and of
what has been stated by his Majesty's Advocate respecting
the said William Carse, the Court do not proceed to inflict
any other punishment upon him than to dismiss hint with a
rebuke, Seine] they appoint to be given him by the, Lord Jus-
tice Clerk, and grant warrant for transmitting the said Gil-
hest McLeod front the jail of Edinburgh to the Tolbooth of
Glasgow."
Counsel foe titu Crown, the Lord Advocate,
&c.; agent, 11. Wei render, V 490. W. S. Counsel
for the phisol,tvs, Henry Cociaiurn, Esq. W. S.;
agent, .Charles Fisher, Lstl. W. S.
The Court was crowded to excess dining the
two days which this case occupied their Lord-
ships, • tt hich arose both front the novelty and
importance of the question and the eminent ta-
lents of tl,e GoittiSei lor t he. pi isoners. Lord Er-
akine-, who is at preseiit on a visit to.bis brother,
- the Earl Buchea, sat oft the Bench on Thin. s -
day , and paid great I.tention to :he whole of the
proceedings. His Lordship wore the ribbon of
the Oder of the Thistle,

A numerous and most respectable Meeting was
ve3terd,iy held at the City of London Tavern, to
receive the Report of the Committee, and to con-
sider tile best means of forwarding the objects of
this Society. Among the persons present were'
Mr. Wilberforce, M. l'., Mr. Wi'liams. M. I'., the
Honourable Mr. Villiers, 1-1. Martin, Esquire, Dr.
Collier, the Rev. It. Hill, the kev. Mr. Clayton,
&c. Thrre W 35 also a nuther-4s-and fashionable
,ittendance of Ladies. _ _ _

Shortly at(--; one o'clock, his Royal Highness
the Doke of Sussex rook the Chair. His Royal
Highness congrAtulated the t_cociety on the very
frill attendance on that occasion. It was the more
pleasing, as it proved the great interest which was
taken in the Charity. It was also a bather proof,
if soy such proot was necessary, of the increased
means which were to.4je afforded of extending; the
benefits ofeducation to their more distressed fellow-
creatures—(applause )—He had not the honour
of attending the Anniversary Meeting of last year, a
vatiety or business having precluded the possibi-
lity of his doitig so. Evyn now, indeed, he was
;dared nearly in a similar situation. But how-
ever seriously his time might be engaged, he
should feel it rather a Wall( of attention to the
Meeting, as well as a want of feeling towards
the advanC:ement of the Charity itself, it he had
absented himself on the present occasion, on a
plea of business. He begged however, to lssure
rite Mecing that he was lunch eressed tor 'line,
and he hoped, therefore, that they would excuse
his retiring as soon as he had set the business
a-going. He had frequently enjoyed the honour
of presiding at Meetings of this nature, but to
mine of them had he given the sanction of his
ni-ime until he has found, upon enquiry, that the
ohjscts in view deserved to he supported. He
had examined the present Charity, and had found
it worthy of his support, as it tended to bring
malty persons- front a state of indolence and ig-
norance i situation where they could be made
useful and respectable members of society. tie
hored the Meeting would confine thetns,lves
stiictly to Cm question before them. Any at-
tempt to inquire into the causes which produced
the distress they had assembled to relieve, would
only tend to tveoken their efforts.—The Secretary
would read the Report of the Committee, after
tifitiell, RS, he (the Duke of Sussex) had between
GO end 70 miles to travel, he hoped he would. be
allowed to bid the Meeting good-bye.
The Secretary then read tire Report.
It contained a statement of !he number of chil-
dren who had been clothed anti sent to school by
the Society. During the List year more than GOO
children.had been clothed beyond the number pro-
vider! for in the pievions year. The Report itself
is too voluminous to be inserted at length.

The Treasurer also read over the various items
of disbursement. It consisted of the sums ex-
pended on the clothing. &c. of the children.
Mr. Wieetests, M.P. said, that after the Re-
port, which so eloquently pointed out the objects
of the Society, little was left for him to asy. The
Report drew the attention of the Meeting parri.
cularly to the objects which the Charity was in-
I ended to relieve, and the object in assembling
the present Meeting was to consider the best
means of administering that relief. It was totally
unnecessary for him to enter into the propriety ••
of educating the lower classes, as whatever doubt
had formerly existed on that head, was at present
totally removed. But if there ever was a period
when that education was more imperiously called
for than another, it was the present, when at-
tempts had been made to lead the lower or-
ders astray, and to deprive them of that confi-
dence which they ought to place in superior
powers. Of all the Societies with which he
was acquainted; the present was most pre-emi-
nently entitled to the support of the public, as
it went to relieve the most miserable of the mi-
serable. Its object was to give to numerous poor
children clothing, education, and a knowledge of
the living God, who would never desert them--
(Applause).—This became the more imperative at
a time like the present, when a spirit had gone
forth teeding_to destroy at once both morality and
religion. At such a crisis it was necessary to ad-
minister an antidote to the poison, by teaching
the lower classes to read the Bible, and to place
reliance on that God who is equally the father
and protector of the rich and the poor ; thtis leading
to lOok forward to a future, after all the trials of this
short and sublunary life shall have passed away. The
Society had derived great advantage from the
praiseworthy—the enthusiastic exertions of the
Ladies, who had so honourably to their feelings
taken apart in it—(applause)—lt was to the female
part of our population that we owed every thing
which was pleasant in life. They possessed more
power in reclaiming the profligate, and bringing
back the wanderer to the paths of virtue, than
even the Ministers of the Church, with all the
sanctity, and all the mildness of eloquence which
the gospel teaches. Ile could not sit down with-
out returning his thanks to those Ladies who had
so kindly exerted themselves on the present occa-
sion, and he trusted they would impress upon their
friends the benefits to be derived to a large por-
tion of their distressed fellow creatures, from a
cosoperatton in the meritorious and charitable
undertaking—(applause.)—He concluded by mov-
ing, that the Report be received, adopted, and
printed.
. The Rev. Dr. COLLIER, after a variety of ob-
servations on the necessity of leading the minds
of the lower orders to the study of moral and re-
ligious reading, concluded by giving his sanction
to the Report.
The question, that the Report be received,
adopted, and printed, was then put and carried
unanimously.
The i)uke of Sussex expressed his satisfaction
at seeing the Report so unanimously agreed to.
as an Englishman, he felt proud at the just and
wei: met iced eulogium which had been posse(' on
the Ladies of the metropolis on this occasion.
There was no other country where the Ladies
possessed so meet' power as tney did in this, nor
was there any other powet more beneficially exer-
cised, or more productive s)t advantage to society
than it was.-(Applause.)---lie should trove take
leave to retire, requesting of his Friend, Mr.‘Vii-
berforce, to take the Chair in his stead. Ile,
who had destroyed the slavery of the African,

was best calculated to assist in restoring that
freedom of thought, and that morality of prin-
ciple, which were but too frequently lost amidst
scenes of poverty and degradation.—(Lotrd ap-
plause.)—His Royal Highness then withdrew
amidst the warmest applauses of the meeting.
Mr. WILBERFORCE, in ' taking the Chair, ob-
served, that his only qualification for the office to
which he was called was, his heartfelt zeal for
the objects of the meeting ; indeed, nothing could
induce him to undertake the duties imposed on
him, but the commands of His Royal Highness.—
(Applause.)
Dr. COLLIER, in explanation of the reasons why
the meeting was not more ably supported, ob-
served, that Mr. Brougham would have been pre-
sent, were it not for professional engagements.—
Sir,J. Jackson woull have been present,-were he
not engaged at the India House. 11Ir. H. G.
Bennet was present in the early part of the day,
but was obliged to retire on urgent business ; not,
however. without contributing to the fund. He
stated these facts, in order to spew that the
Charity had excited a great degree of interest
among the higher orders.
Mr. R. HILL moved a Vote of Thanks to his
Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, for his kind-
ness and condescension in continuing his patronage
to this Society.
The Rev. A, FLETCHER seconded the motion.

—Carried unanimously.
Here several of the !.,:;:,;(- • ioHr,it were in-
troduced. Their neat anti comf.lttale viothing
gave tie greatest bitisfaction to the meeting.
Mr. WILBFRFOIiCE eras Co4ViDeed the
meeting must feel bight), gratified at li.ttes•sing
the effects of their i...00wy. It must kjve every
subscriber the highest gr;.oilication a racct that
these poor children we, only rescued from
poverty and distress, lint' d1:a1 they were to be
placed in situation, which would render them
u,settil and creditable Int-inners of society.
HumPnvy ARTIN , E,CI moved a Vote of
Thanks to itls Grace the Duke Bedford, who
had kindly accepted the offire of President of the
Society, and also to the Vice- Presidents and
Ladies who had so zealously exerted} themselves
in support of the Charity.
Tile Rev. Mr. CLAYTON seconded this motion.
—Carried u,Ainimously.
Sir J. JAcxsos (w:io had shortly before enter-
ed
the room) returned thanks on the part of him-
self and the other Vice-Presidents.
The Rev. W. C. KIDD moved the thinks of the
Meeting to the Committee and Treasurer of the
Society his motion also included the appoint-
ments to those offices for the next year. The
Rev. Gentleman, in making this motion, entered
at considerable length and with great ahili.y into
the beneficial efircts produced by an early educa-
tion of the lower classes of society. He mention-
ed various instances of these benefits, which had
conic under his personal observation.
The Rev. Mr. WATaanouse seconded the mo.
tion.—Carried tmanituously.
Mr. J. .I.lAnsvu, in returning !banks on the
part of the Committee, pointed out in forcible
terms, the necessity, not only of contributing to,
but also of assisting in carrying the objects of the
Society into effect.
The thanks of the Meeting were unanimously
voted to the Glairpian.
Mr. ‘VILBERFORCE, its returning thaldis, ex-
pressed his most cordial approbation of, and his
determination to support the objects of the
Society.
The Meeting then broke up.
sum was subscribed in the room;

A considerable

OLD BAILEY, MONDAY, JAN. 17.

SPECIAL COMMISSION-SLAVE TRADE.
[FURTHRR PARTICULARS

James Alex. Carroll and Alex. Valmont, were
put to the Bar, charged with having, on the 7th
July lug, imported and brought from the Isle of
Nladagascar 200 persons, for the purpose of selling
them as slaves. _ _

The prisoners, being both foreigners, and ig-
norant of the English language', were informed of
the charge through the medium of an interpreter.
The prisoners pleaded Not Guilty, and upon being
informed of their right to have a Jury half com-
posed of foreigners, replied, " Eli bieir tons
Anglais."
As soon as the Jury were sworn and the indicts
ment read, Mr. Sergeant CoPLEY rose, and ad-
dressed them as follows :—He began by referring
to the Act of Parliament passed in 1807, en Act,
which he said must meet with the concurrence of
every wise and good man. This Act at first inflicted
pecuniary disabilities upon those offending, but it
being found that the profits of the Slave Trade
were so great as to render this punishment nu-
gatory, an Act was passed four years afterwards
to make the offence felony. Under this Act the
prisoners were indicted, The circumstances
were these :—The island of Mauritius was
ceded to the Crown of Great Britain by the
Treaty of Piece in 1814; and, in consequence,
it became the duty of Government to endeavour
to put a stop to the Slave Trade in that place.
The Counsel then proceeded to state, that on
the 3d of July last a vessel, stationed off the
coast of Mauritius, to look out for slave ships,
surprised and Isom ded a French vessel sailing un-
der suspicious circumstances. The answer given
to the Commander of the vessel stationed there,
being unsatisfactory, the Freud) vessel was seized
and carried into Port Louis. An inquiry was in-
stituted, and it would aprear from the evidence
of the witnesses whom he should call, that the
prisoners, Carrol and Viliemont, were deeply ine•
plicated. From this evidence it would appear that
no less than two hundred persons had been im-
ported from the island of Madagascar ; from
which *place the island of Mauritius was con-
stantly supplied with slavCs..• Besides the prison-
ers at the bar, the captain and mate of the vessel
had heetisent over to England to take their trial ;
but it appearing that they were both French sub-
jects, and navigating a French slip, and having
never been in any part of the British dominions,
their case did not tall within the Act of Patiia-
!Tient, as the Courts of this country had no juris-
diction over foreigners tinder these circumstances.
Sotnething had been said respecting bringing the
Nisouers horn Mauritius to take their trial here.
A clause was inserted in the 'Act of Patlianiew
authorising this, as it would have been of no use

to try this offence in a lend of slaves and slave-
dealers.

Witnesses wew called, who proved the fact
[ln alluding to some servants of Villemont,
who were blacks, brought over as witnesses, the
SOLICITOR-GENERAL said they had them before
the Privy Council for the purpose of being exa-
mined, but they could not be made to understand
that there was. a' God.]
The Jury, after consulting together for about
ten minutes, returned a verdict, finding both the
prisoners Guilty.
The Captain (Pepin), of the Jeune Adone, the
mate (Oliviet), and a fisherman named Brom,
were the other parties accused with the prisoners
before the Privy Council. As was stated by the
Solicitor-General, however, the evidence adducid
against them was wholly inadmissible, as they pro—
fessed themselves utterly ignorant of a 'God or any
kind of religion.
The Grand Jury for the City of London did trot
conclude their business until seven o'clock in the
evening. Among other bills returned as tound
true, was one against itirria Glen, the principal
party in the Bowditch case, for her abduction,
• tried at the Dorchester Summer Assizes, 1813.
A true bill, it may be recollected, was also found
against this young Lady, and one or two others,
For an alleged conspiracy in the same case, at the
Old Bailey Sessions, some months ago.
In the, course of the day the Grand Jury pre—
seated a paper to the Court, in which they spoke
in high terms of the state of Ncwgate, throoght
the arrangement of Mr. Brown, the Keeper. so
f.+• as the limits of the prison permitted. They
spoke‘in just terms of the excellent exertions
of Mrs. Fry.

LONDON MARKEL'S.

PRICE OF BREAD THIS WEEK.

The highest price of the best Wheaten Bread throughout
the Metropolis, is stated by the principal Bakers to be 134•
the Quartern Loaf.—Some Bakers sell the Quartern Leaf.
from one penny to two pence lower.

lb. oz. ' 1 b.err—
Peek Loaf to weigh .. 17 6 Quartern Loaf to weigh 4
Half ditto.. ditto .... 8I I Half QuaEte, „:;iito2

PRICE OF lIOPS,
Bags.
Kent ... 3136 to 31 lts a 410 s
Sussex.. 21 RN aSiss a 31 8s
Essex ..21 16s a 31 5s a 31 14s
Farnl►an►, second, 41 lOs to
Foreign Pockets, 20s to 42:

per Cwt. J.N. 1,5

Pockets.

Kent 31 BsNet 31 lSs to 41 las
Sussex 31 Os 31 lOs to 3; idly
14.:ssex 31 Os to 31 ius -I 4i us
51 ss—fine, 51 5s toiii Gs

to—s—ratY, 242,077 ic.23 23.

SLEDS.

Red Clover (Foreign)
Ditto English
White ditto —s 60s 88s to 100 s
Rye-Grass . lss 255 to 40s per qr.
'.!:rnit), I',i,it.,-_, .
tit Lite ..%ititiarti SetAd
Brown ditto lss ot! to -zus ud
Red and Green ... I tis Od to 20s Od
Carraway Seeds (new)
Cinque Fin sos ad to 70s Od per qr..
New Coriander do.
Trefoil
Ribgrass ... 3os 4is 10 54s
Canary
Linseed Oil Cake at the Mill, 161 163 to —1 Os per 1,,,,..
sand—New Rape Seed, .1391 to 321 per Last.—gape lea.-.e
91 Os to 01 Os per thousand.--=Pares, Ss to 103 per bushel.
------, -:- = --- -
NEWG.A.I E AND LEADEMIALL MAAKETS.

By the Carcase. -
_
Beef 8s 8d to 4s 8d Veal " 35 81.1 to 6s -0:4
Mutton 3s BS to as 6:: 1 Pork 4s Aid to tis sa

ST. JAMES'S HAY MARKET, JAn. 15.

Hay 3l 6s Od to 41 17A Gii--Averal,-,re, 41 Is SI
Straw

WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKET.

Hay 3l ISs od to 41 Ss Od-Average, 41 Ss oA
Old ditto 01 Os od to 01 Os od-Average, 01 Os 33
Straw
Clover 5l 10s Od to 61 10s Od-Average, 61 Os fiti

RAW HIDES. -
Best Heifers & Steers, per st. Ordinary .... Is 10d to 2s la
2s 811 to 2s I 01: Market Calf , , each
.. ~ od
MiddlingS 2s 4d to '2.5 6a Eng. Horse Os Od to o,od
SHEEP SKINS.

Polled .•
.
Downs 42d to 56d 1 Lambs Os Od to Os OA

PRICE OF LEATHER.

Butts, 50 to 56Ihs each per lb 18d to 9.04
Ditto, 56 to Willis each 22d to 234
Dressing Hides l4lcl to 16d
Flue Coach Hides 16,1 to 17,14
Crop tliecs, 35 to 401bs for cutting 15d to 17iii
Ditto 45 to 501bs l7O to 204
Calf Sltins..:lo to 401hs , 18(1 to 244
Ditto 5O to 701bs 244 to 344
Ditto 7O to 1501bs
Small Seals (Greenland) lB4l to 20,1
Large ditto
Tanned Horse Hides
Spanish Horse Hides 164 to 2041

PRICE OF RAW FAT, p
As stated by the Tall. Melters.
St. James's Market .. Os oil
\Vhitechapel Market Os oil

Average

PRICES OF TALLOV
Town Tallow 63s od —s Od
Yellow Russia 58s Od —s Od
White ditto .. 5Gs 041 —s Od
Soap ditto.... 53s Oil Od
Melting Stuff 45s Od —s Od
Ditto Rough.. —s 0d.38s Od

,er Stone of SIb.—JAN.

As stated by the Butchers.
St. James's Alaiket 14
Whitechavel Market Ss 74
Clare Market Os Od
Newgate Market .... Os Od
Average ... -.70

, SOAP, &c. per 1141 b.
Yellow 50ap..... 3tl
Mottled .
Curd 986
Graves
Good Dregs 99

PRICE OF CANDLES, FROM TALLOW CHANDLER'S EWA.
Price of Candles, per dozen, 11 s 12s
Gd per dozen allowed for ready money.

COAL MARKET, JAN. 17.
Ships at Maricet. Ships sold. Pricci.
64 Newcastle
2 Sunderland 0
