mEETINGS OF CREDITORS.

Gosport—Crown, G,sport
COUNTRY DlARY.—Tonsniv, Sr.e 18.
Atkinson and Spark, Newcastle-upon-Tyne—Crown and
, Newcastle Thistle. L . White
•• 000000000 11
..-” 8 Walcot--White Hart, Bath
Brook, '. ,
12
Ashton-under-Lyne.,—White's, Manchester
tialf,r:d. T., C,."elllrY—liing's head, Coventry f+
garrison, 1-1., \netsforcl•,-Clarendon-buildings, Liverpool I
ilayea and Co., Torquay—Half Moon, Exeter H
iyolgate and Co., Blanchester—White's, Blanchester
MoeelYs W., Manchester•••-Spread Eagle, Manchester Si
Thompson, Ir
--., Manchester—White's, Manchester ll
Fintettocnii,erJ,.,
J.,

SUMMER A SSIZEI

NORTFIERN CIRCUIT.-LANCASTER, SISPT. 12,

SCOTT V. BROTHERTON.

This was an action for servant's wages.
Mr. Sergeant JONES said the defendant was a pro-
prietor of the Liverpool stage coach, formerly called
the Champion, but now the Alliance, and horsed it.
between Rainhill and Warrington. The plaintiff
was hired by the defendant to drive this coach, and
had been in his service from March, 1826, to Fe-
bruary last. His wages were 12s. a week, exclusive
of what the passengers might give him. His demand
was 28/. 45., for 47 week, and as be should prove
the service, he was entitled to a verdict for that
amount. He had, indeed, heard that it was the de-
fendant's intention to claim a set-off for an accident
to the horses whilst under the plaintiff's care; but
for that he believed the plaintiff was not blameable,
and at all events it was not the subject of a set-off,
but of a cross-action.

Thomas Wakefield examined by Mr. COLTMAN—
Witness was formerly guard of the champion coach.
It was afterwards called the Alliance. The defend-
ant was a proprietor. Witness left the coach in the
spring of 1826 ; the plaintiff was then the driver of
it. His wages were 12s. a week. Witness had seen
the defendant's book-keeper pay him a month's wages
at that rate.

Cross-examined.—Witness was turned away by
the defendant.--He did not lose a banker's parcel.
The defendant never told him that he had. He
could not tell how long the plaintiff was in the de-
fendant's service. He never knew that the plaintiff
had killed two of the defendant's horses. An acci-
dent did happen in April, 1826, at Knotty-ash. The
opposition coach crossed the road and jammed theti
against a cart. The plaintiff did not flog his horses
to pass that coach. He was only trotting. It was
the other coachman who cracked his whip and
flogged his horses. All the London coachmen in
the defendant's service were paid 12s. a-week, ex-
clusive of perquisites.
Re-examined.—The mare was named Silvertail;
she only received a cut under her eye. She was
blistered, and turned out. She was then put into
the Sovereign coach, in which she broke her legs.
The time allowed between Liverpool and Warring-
ton was two hours and five minutes. For every
minute over that time the proprietor who horsed
the coach between those places forfeited 6d.
Benjamin Hollingsworth proved that the plaintiff
was in the defendant's service up to last February.
Mr. HALL, for the defendant, said, that the evi-
dence of a discarded servant like Wakefield was
subject to great suspicion.
James Hawksworth, the defendant's bookkeeper
—.Witness told the plaintiff that the defendant was
convinced that it was owing to his racing that the
horses were killed, and he must stop them out of
his wages, and that their value was 461. The.
plaintiff said he was very sorry, but hoped if he was
to pay for them, that his master' would take less,
and begged witness to speak to him. Witness did
so, and the defendant said he would only charge 30/.,
which the plaintiff agreed to.
Samuel Scott.—Witness was driver of the Ex-
press coach. When the accident hapened at Knotty-
ash, the plaintiff was driving at the rate of 10 or 11
miles an hour. His proper rate was about eight
miles and a quarter.
John Pair kept the defendant's stables ; plaintiff
told witness in the spring of last year, when he drove.
up at Rainhill, that he had been larking with Sant
Scott the night before, and begged him to look at
the horses and to get them bled. The horses were.
then much exhausted.

Mr. Sergeant JONES said he had never witnessed
from a master a more harsh and ill-supported attempt
to take from a servant his hard-earned wages. Could.
the Jury believe that the plaintiff, on entering into
his master's service, had agreed to be answerable for
every accident that might happen to the horses he:
was daily to drive, leaving to his master the power
of assessing what damages he pleased ? There wag
no proof of any such absurd agreement. A man en-
tering into such slavery for such paltry wages might,
after the labour of years maa_with an accident that
• iren-n or tai, End more than all, that his
industry had earned. •
Verdict for the plaintiff—Damages M. 4s.

SUSPENSION BRIDGE AT RUNCORN.—The
long-contemplated erection of a bridge across the river
:Mersey, at Runcorn Gap, is now likely, it is stated, to he
accomplished. An Act was obtained in the last session of
Parliament for the further improvement of the road from Lon-
don to Holyhead, and of the road from London to Liverpool,.
in which power is given, we understand to effect this deside—
ratum. Mr. Telford, the celebrated engineer, has been:
recently making observations on the river, with a view to
the commencement of this great undertaking. The bridge..
we are informed, will be built on the suspension principle•„
but differing in some respects from the splendid monument
of Mr. Telford's genius, which unites the counties of Car-
narron and Anglesey.
