--aL~--•

[THE TIMES.]
The brave inhabitants of Greece are now supporting a war
against the Turks, more necessary, more hallowed than that of
any Colonies against their parent State. The Spanish Colo-
nies had not at least to fear the violation of their women, the
•leadirl of their children into slavery, or the utter exter-
mination of all their whole male race ; they could not
dread that the Spaniards would massacre the Ministers of
their Church, overthrow their altars, or extirpate Chris-
tianity from amongst them. Spain had created her coin-
.7,ies, and though an unsound, it is not an unnatural
sentiment for the mother country, that what she had created
;he had a right to keep. The cause of the Spanish and of the
English Colonists, therefore wants something of that obvious
and overpowering justice, which (without predicting how it may
terminate) inspires the quarrel of the Greek nation. Their lives
are in jeopardy, and their Christian religion is at stake.

[rccw TIMES.)
The Paris Journals of Thursday are filled with the proceed- ,
ings of the Chamber of Deputies, which is still engaged in the '
discussion of the financial arrangements. The debate of Wed-
nesday was of some interest. The subject immediately under
zonsideration being the grant proposed for the expenses of
:the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, an opportunity was affordo
for general observations- on the foreign policy of the French
Government. M. de Montmorency
,and de Bonald were heard
with great attention,, and, produced a powerful effect; but
the most remarkable exhibition of . the day was a speech
th' General F oy, 'full of absurdity and violence, calling for
a crusade against the. Turks, and attributing the conflict
at Madrid to the operation of the cordon sanitaire. If no-
thing else, it is at least entertaining, and must be received with
some merciful indulgence here, since we cannot be quite suie
that General Foy has not taken a hint from certain orators of
cur own country, and that he has not in some instances even
been at the pains of snaking a free translation of their language.
