SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

FROM THE EVENING PAPERS OF THIS DAY. I
(From the Standard.)
For ourselves, the alarm suggested by such a condi-
tion of affairs (alluding to the Repeal agitation being
encouraged by the Catholic priests) is greatly qualified,'
by a conviction of more than ten or twelve years' stand-
ing, that Ireland has been steadily advancing to a crisis
(the effect of half a century of weak governmeat),
when the fate of that country must be decided by a
violent solution—less violent twenty, or even twelve
years ago, than at present, but even at present not
dangerous, as regards final results. In the worst case
—the case for which Mr. O'Connell and the priests
are manifestly preparing—the case of a Romanist re•
peal rebellion, aided by a foreign alliance, perhaps
invasion—tbe event would not be doubtful, and it
may be questioned whether the consequences would
not more than balance the temporary evil, great as that
must be. One effect would be, the emancipation of the
loyal and intelligent Roman Catholics from the thral-
dom to the priests and the rabble, to which they are con-
demned by the present system of government ; and
the loyal and intelligent Roman Catholics, though
now in silent slavery, and even compelled to swell the
war-cry of their oppressors, are a numerous and im-
portant body. Another good effect of a solution
would be the bringing us all back to the principles
of the Constitution of 1688—the only principles by
which the peace and safety of the United Kingdom
can be permanently secured. The professed object of
the present agitation is a matter of less moment than
at first sight may appear ; indeed, in comparison with
the evil of any organised agitation in Ireland, it is a
matter of no moment. The agitation organised by
priests and lay conspirators, with the avowed
purpose of inflaming the people and intimi-
dating the Legislature, is the mischief and
the crime ; and it does not make a shade of
difference in either the evil or the wickedness of
creating or conniving at such an agitation, whether its
object be " Catholic emancipation" " resistance to
tithes," that " social revolution" recommended by
the sagacious Count de Beaumont, and not darkly
approved of by Priest Conroy, at Cong, or a " Repeal
of the Union." The mischief and the crime of such
agitation as has been tolerated and even encouraged in
Ireland, must be the same whatever be its pretext,
just as one's garden and fences suffer the same injury
when swept over by a field of hunters, whether the
sportsmen pursue a stag, a fox, a hare, or a red-her-
ring. Indeed, if we were called upon to name which
of all pretexts of Irish agitation presents in the abstract
the least to offend the moral sense, we should not hesi-
tate to pronounce in favour of the repeal pretext.
This may startle some, but we pray such to under-
stand us ; we know as well as they that repeal means
rebellion ; but we also kilos/ that emancipation, tithe
resistance, and the rest, mean exactly the same thing ;
they were earlier and less honest steps in the one course,
marked out at first by the priests and prosecuted by the
aid of seditious agitators. We may dislike repeal
of the union, but we cannot dislike it more than
the Irish Protestants disliked its precursory mea-
sures, and it is not our dislike or their dislike which can
fix the moral quality of any proceeding.
(From the Courier.)
We return to the question of lay patronage as too
' important to be lightly dismissed. A change in the
existing condition of things, whether in Church or
State, may be demanded at all times, on the ground of
approaching nearer and nearer to that state of perfecti-
bility, of which all our institutions, when in the hands
of our modern Reformers arc deemed so susceptible.
But Parliament, we apprehend, will be asking for de-
monstration, such as the case admits of, that we are
to hare something better before they consent to
the overthrow of a system, which, with all its imper-
fections, has at least the merit of having raised up the
great body of evangelical clergy, to whom, as we are
told, the Christian world in Scotland is now under such
iiifieite obligations. Aud, at all events, leaving the
question of better or worse to after consideration, the
Legislature will assuredly expect of those who seek the i
change some information of the precise measure they
mean to propose. On this point, therefore, our Church
Reformers ought in the first place to agree among them-
selves, but this, so far as we can perceive, is very far
from being the case ; and we shrewdly suspect that it
this agreement among them, as to where the initiative
is to be lodged, is to be made a sine qua non to the re-
peal of the Act of Queen Anne, the days of lay patron-
age are not yet numbered, notwithstanding tile funeral
oration over its remains pronounced by the present
Honourable Under-Secretary of State, when some time
ago, addressing his north country constituents; we
may venture to go a step further, and to say
that under this condition most reasonable in
itself and worthy of a wise Legislature's atten-
ti in—the days of lay patronage promise to be im-
mortal. No doubt present appearances indicate that
the initiative is not again to find its way—directly at
least—into the hands of the Church, the first and oldest
channel in which it ever Slowed. It seems as likely
to get back, as in 1649, to the Kirk Session ; and the
heritors and elders, as in 1690, have but a poor chance
of any part or portion of the prize. The " spirit of the
times" points to popular election ; but what is popular
election ? Aye, there's the rub ! Popular election,
says Dr. Chalmers, is nomination by the communicants
of a parish subject to be over-ridden by the will
of the Presbytery. With him the "fundamental prin-
ciple" is henceforth to be " No pastor shall be in-
truded into a parish contrary to the will of the Presby-
tery, let the will of the congregation be what it may !"
This, at least, is intelligible ; and we need be no longer
at a loss to understand what is meant by the independ-
ence o/ the Church. She is first of all to make the com-
municants who are to elect, and then she is to ex-
ercise a control over the elected by them, when,
but for the name and honour of the thing, they
had as lief been no electors at all ! And yet we
are gravely told, that the charge against the Church,
that she is seeking power and privilege to herself, is
utterly without foundation. But let us not be too hasty
in our condemnation. The Church, we are told, is not
seeking this power ; it is divinely and scripturally in-
herent in her, and she cannot surrender it. In whom, we
long to know, is lodged this right of election to benefices
in the Church of Scotland (for to all this extent the
argument goes), as of divine and inherent right ? In the
office-bearers, whom her great head has appointed in the
Church distinct from the civil magistrate ! That is;
we presume, in the ministers and elders of the Presby-
tery. And from whom did they derive this right, and
by what credentials can they make good their title to it ?
Is it as the ordained of those who have gone before
them in the Church of Christ, even up to the days of
the Apostles, in unbroken and uninterrupted succession ?
Then we ask very seriously and soberly, if these doc-
trines, with their inevitable consequences, are sanctioned
by the Confession of Faith and the Reformed Presby-
terian Kirk of Scotland ?
(From the Globe.)
The Times of this morning contains, " from a Cor-
respendent,"—printed in large type, and in a conspi-
cuous part of its columns, thus indicating the value to
be attached to its contents—an article upon the appoint-
ment of Dr. Shuttleworth to the vacant see. We have
seldom seen, even in the varied speculations of our Con-
temporary, anything more confirmatory of the state of
incertitude under which he labours as to the course it will
be most for his interest to steer during the recess.
Whether he shall continue to assume a bold tone, and
hurl his bolts against the Government in uncompromising
hostility, or adopt a milder one, and be ready to support
a coalition; of moderate men taken from both sides of the
House, is evidently the question now in debate. Until
this point be decided, the public will be occasionally
amused with these " feelers," adroitly put out to dis-
cover whether such a project as that broached in the
cautious manner we have alluded to, will find favour
with public opinion. The writer in the Times was ra-
ther too precipitate in his expressions of delight, at what
he terms the " dead silence" of the Ministerial organs
on the occasion of this appointment, and which the Edi-
tor of the Times finds it necessary to correct. We yester-
day, in announcing the appointment, bore a sincere and
well-merited testimony to the learning and orthodoxy
of the new Bishop, and to the service he had rendered
to the Church by his zealous and successful resistance
to the spread of the semi-Popish doctrines of Pusey-
ism, by his profound work, recently published, entitled
Scripture, not Tradition. These we regarded as the
probable inducements which led to his selection as
successor to the vacant see ; and are persuaded that
the public will concur in the choice, notwithstand-
ing the invidious attempt to depreciate Dr. Shut-
tleworth, by putting forth the pretensions of some other
eminent men. One of these (Dr. Hampden) has been
the subject of relentless calumnies by the Tory press,
but his promotion to the Episcopal bench, it is cow dis-
covered, would have been highly popular ; " as he has, by
his publications, within the last five years, created a most
favourable impression among the clergy, and other stu-
dents of theology." In every word which the writer of the
Times employs in recommendation of Dr. Hampden, all
who are acquainted with his eminent virtues and high at•
tainments will concur. Coming from such a quarter, it will
be taken as a gratifying testimony of the power of sterl-
ing worth to eventually silence the calumnies of igno-
rance and bigotry combined, and to convert opposers
and calumniators into approvers and even eulogists.
When Dr. Hampden was appointed Regius Professor,
every incentive which malice could employ was hurled
against him, and those who appointed him to that
honourable office. It is now discovered that Dr. Hamp-
den was, of all others, the most suitable for the vacant
Bishopric ! This change of tone—we will not dignify it
by terming such tergiversation a change of opinion—will
not be without its use ; it will at least enable those who
may be the subjects of vituperation or of eulogy from the
same quarters,to estimate, at its real worth, the value of ,
either. The Times, and those who are regarded as the most
rational, if not the most honest of the Tory party, see
in the impracticable agitation of exploded principles of
government, and the determination, by a considerable
number of their influential followers, to force them, as !
the basis of its policy, upon any Ministry to
which they will pledge their support, a barrier
between the moderate and only practical statesmen on !
the Tory benches and the hope of regaining political

place and power. Their only chance of office rests, as
they plainly see, upon their open and avowed separa-
tion from the ultras of their party ; whose increasing ob.
stinacy in urging their exclusive doctrines upon the adop-
tion of their leaders, compelled Sir R. Peel and the Duke
of Wellington to divide against them on some, and
to " fight shy" on other occasions, during the last Ses-
sion. " The fatal schism" in the Conservative party,
which the Standard announced, has been evi-
denced by incessant reproaches, remonstrances, and
denouncings of Sir R. Peel, and those who supported
him, upon whom were cast every term of reproach and
contumely which disappointment and malignity could
devise. These symptoms of dissension were too plain
to be misunderstood, and the effects on any political
party too obvious to be concealed, from so shrewd an
observer as the Times. With the natural desire of one
who wishes to make the best of moi tifying circum-
stances, and satisfied that the " turn out" of the Whig
Ministry—which the Times incessantly, almost daily
for the last five years, during each successive Session of
Parliament, led the gobe-mouclies to believe would cer-
tainly take place " within three weeks," must now be
postponed sine die—a " coalition" is suggested as the
utmost which can be hoped for ; on the principle, we
presume, that " half a loaf is better than no bread 1"

POPISH PARAPHERNALIA IN A
PROTESTANT CHURCH.

A. correspondent of the Record communicates the
following strange account :

" While visiting the town of Ryde a few days ago,
my attention was directed to a bill, announcing that
divine service was to be performed and a sermon
preached at St. James's Church on Wednesday, Aug.
12, when a collection was to be made for the benefit of
some society, for which Fortoo choir was to join that of
Ryde. Attracted by curiosity, I went to that church,
when I was struck with its appearance. I did
not know at first to what denomination or sect
it could belong. It was most profusely decorated
with flowers from top to bottom in es ery direction, and
while looking on these I perceived as many little pic-
tures of priests, beasts, fowls, crosses, crossed keys,
&c., scattered all over the place, and in the centre was
raised a formidable gilt eagle, with its wings spread,
highly ornamented with wreaths of flowers. I should have
been tempted to think myself in sonic Pagan temple, had
I not, in advancing towards the top, discovered a small
Roman Catholic chapel, such as are those dedicated to
some particular saints, which ara to be seen in different
parts of the large Continental Romish churches. There
was an altar with two candlesticks, a raised paten, and
some books with golden crosses in front. Above it, as
projecting from the wall, was seen a part of a cross,
with some women kneeling before it. And above that,
the pictures of St. Jacobus, surrounded with hierogly-
phics. While wondering whether I was not in a Ro-
wish church, I saw, coming out from two different doors
of the vestry, a clergyman at each door, followed
by about twelve boys in surplices, who solemnly
walked down each aisle in procession, to the other end
of the church. When a signal was given, the music
began to play, and the same procession came back with
all the grimaces of a ballet march, and then a musical
service was performed. After the sermon, six of the
boys before mentioned went with plates collecting from
pew to pew, and when that was done, they broueht
the plates to the Minister, who, standing within
the altar railing, took them, and after having placed
them on a crimson velvet cushion, knelt down be-
fore them, lifting up his hands to his head and b )vv-
ing down. Whether ho worshipped the plates, or the
altar, or St. Jacobus, I cannot tell, but what I know is,
that anything but God was worshipped in that place.
His holy name, indeed, was sung, but only as it would
he in some opera, when it suits the purpose of the
piece. After all the performance was over, some Latin
anthem was chaunted. Upon my inquiring to what
sect that chapel belonged, I was told the Church of
England.' Is it so ? I never beheld among Protestants
before such downright disregard to the first three com-
mandments."

DIVISION OF PARISIIES.—The late Mr. Ser-
geant Lens used to tell with great glee, the following
anecdote of his learned brother of the coif, Mr. Sergeant
Hill : —" Hating business to transact with him he went to
his chambers in New-square-inn, Lincoln's-inn, and found
him with the bookcases, tables. chairs, and carpets on one
side of the room ; the quantity of furniture crowcdd toge-
ther hardly leaving space fir the learned lawyer to move
on that side of the room, while the other half of the apart-
ment was without a singly article. After the usual
greeting, " Pray," said Mr. Sergeant Lens, " what do
you intend to do with all the furniture arranged in this
strange fashion?" The Learned Sergeant replied,
" That since half his chambers had been found
to stand in the parish of St. Clement Danes, he
had formed this encampment on the side of the room be-
longing to Lincoln's-inn, to prevent the officers distrain-
ing his goods for the Poor-rates." At a future period
Mr. Sergeant Lens visited his "brother in distress," as he
facetiously termed him, and actually found the officers in
the apartments, they having effected an entrance through
the back windows, and his Learned Brother daring them
to touch his goods out of the parish—the boundary of
which he had carefully marked on the floor. The officers
were so intimidated at the threats that they never again
molested the Learned Sergeant, who continued to reside
in the chambers without paying any parochial dues. A case
similar to this one occurred only a few days since, in the
very same parish.

MALTA, AUG. 31.—1 t is not generally known
that her Britannic Majesty's steam-vessels conveying the
Indian mails via Marseilles and France, take passengers
with the mails, according to a scale laid down by her
Majesty's Government. This passage is the most
rapid in the Mediterranean. The Al'cto, Prome-
theus, &c., generally make their passage in three
days from Marseilles to Malta, and from Malta
to Alexandria in four days, and sometimes less,
making the passage from London through France to Alex-
andria in 13 or 14 days. These steam-vessels are capable
of accommodating from 40 to 50 passengers, and afford
most excellent accommodations, while, compared with
the ordinary French Government steamers which run in
the Mediterranean, and sometimes in the same route,
their sea-qualities are infinitely superior. The Prome-
theus made her last voyage from Marseilles to Malta, a dis-
tance of 645 miles in 65 hours, whilst the French steam-
ers take six days, or 144 hours, these vessels coasting Italy
in their passage. The cabin passage by the English
steamers, including everything, is 91. sterling from Mar-
seilles to Malta, and 131. from Malta to Alexandria. The
French Government packets charge 91. 12s. for the cabin
passage, besides which the passengers find their own table.
Both lines of packets are commanded by naval officers,
but there are few people in Europe who would not prefer
the British commanders.

MANCHESTER NEW POST-OFFICE. —O❑
Monday the business of the Post-office commenced in the
new premises. They are admirably fitted up, and will
form the finest office in the kingdom, while the improve-
ments on the exterior of the building will render it an ad-
dition to the architectural ornaments of the town.

TIIE LATE DUEL AT MADRID,--A Madrid
paper contains the following account of the late affair be-
tween the editors of the Eco del Comercio and the Correo
Nacional General Infante and one of the editors of
the Eco were M. Isnardi's witnesses, whim() M. Sartorius
was accompanied by Colonel Cordova and M. Las Heras.
M. Isnardi, who, according to the laws of duelling in Spain
had the choice of weapons, chose the sabre. The two ad-
versaries, accompanied by their witnesses, presented them-
selves at 3 o'clock in the afternoon in a field situated near
Vista Alegre, one of the Queen's country palaces in the
environs of the village of Carabanchel. The distance was
measured, and the distribution of the arm; was made by
lot, one of the sabres being somewhat longer than the
other. Fortune was favourable to M. Isnardi, to whose
share the longer weapon fell. The witnesses had decided
that the combat should continue until they should give
the signal to cease it. After a few bouts, Sartorius
wounded Isnardi twice successively in the head, and one
of these wounds was somewhat serious. The witnesses
then interfered, and put an end to the combat. M. Isnardi
was first carried to Carabanchel, where his wounds were
attended to. In the evening he was conveyed to his house
at Madrid."

BENTHAM ON WAR WITH FRANCE.—Con-
quests made by New Zealanders have some sense in them ;
while
b
they conquered fry, the conquerors fatten. Conquests
made
the polished nations of antiquity--scoeomnE.wqdeuests made
ne v
Cr soy i
use
nnbtsar
ydo fa w
rationala France as tn script
pe t i
t en
o b thejpeic ; .
by Greeks
moveables,
inhabitants,
and Romans—had
everything
went
into i n them. t
the
Tea
pocket
as:
krknaaeednr
i.
ntsd.,,
at Thebned
the 1
ii
eadaysPrisoners
sir T. of
r a nth
some of a single prisoner, a Duke of Orleans, exceeded
one-third of the national revenue of England. Conquests
made by a modern despot of the Continent have still more
sense in them. The new property being contiguous, is
laid on to his old property; the inhabitants, as many as he
thinks fit to set his mark upon, go to increase his armies ;
their substance, as much as he thinks fit to squeeze from
them, goes into his
originals, bating the essential circumstances.
nation would be violations of common sense, were there_no
purse. Conquests made by the British
such thing as justice. They are bungling imitations of
miserable
Nothing but confirmed blindness and stupidity can prompt
us to go on imitating Alexander and Caesar, and the New
Zealanders, and Catharine and Frederic, without the pie fit.
QUEEN ELIzABETII.—T
he following curious
and interesting account of Elizabeth's personal appear
ance is given by Hentzner, a German, Who visited Eng-
land in the reign of " Bonny Queen Bess" :—" Next
came 0
the Queen,
in the sixty-fifth year of her age, as we
are told, very majestic ; her face oblong, fair, but wrinkled ; '
her eyes small, 3et black and pleasant ; her nose a little
booked ; her lips narrow, and her teeth black (a defect the
English seem h sueject to, from their too great use of
sugar); she had in her ears two pearls, with very rich
drops; she wore false hair, and that red; upon her head
she had a small crown, reported to be made of some of the
gold of the celebrated Ltinebourg Table. Her bosom was
uncovered, as all the English ladies have it till they
mat ry ; and she had on a necklace of exceeding fine
jewels; her hands were sma.l, her fingers long, and hfr
stature neither tall nor lo v ; her air wps stately, her man-
ner of speaking mild and obliging- That day she was
dressed in white silk, bordered with pearls of the size of
beans, and over it a mantle of black silk, shot with silver
threads ; bee train was very long, the end of it borne by a
Marchioness; instead of a chain she had an oblong collar
of gold and jewels "—A Summer's D
,_ at Greenwich.
CONSTANTINOPE, AUG. 19.—The Turkish
fleet, consisting of one line-of-battle ship, one frigate, and
two sloops, &e., under the command of Captain Walker,
R. N., wi 1 Probably leave to-murrow. There are four
English vessels deeply laden reported at the Dardanelles,
among them the Fides, from Cardiff. I

EXTRAORDINARY EXPRESS

FROM PARIS.

The illoniteur of Wednesday publishes a telegraphic
despatch from Madrid, announcing that on the 4th the
municipality was still master of that capital, and that
public tranquillity had not been disturbed since the sth.
On the sth, the municipality of Barcelona, on the invi-
tation of that of Madrid, adhered to its arrangements.
The Queen intended to quit Valencia for Madrid
on the sth or 6th. General Diego Leon, who was
appointed by her Majesty Captain-General of Madrid,
left Barcelona on the sth for the capital. Four squa-
drons of the Royal Guard sent from Valencia to clear
the road, were at Quintanar de la Orden on the 4th.
Advices from St. Petersburgh state the Council of
the Admiralty had given orders to send off immediately
eighteen ships of the line from Cronstadt to the Medi-
terranean.

Much apprehension was excited on the Bourse by
the measures taken by Commodore Napier and the
march of Ibrahim to the defence of Beyrout.

Some trifling lttempts at riot were made in Paris on
Tuesday evening, but were easily repressed.—Times

LAW INTELLIGENCE

SHERIFFS COURT, SIFT. 10.
NEP/LAND V. EARL.

Mr. KEIGHTLY stated the plaintiff's case.
The defendant, Mrs. Mary Earl, in 1835 kept a
lunatic asylum at Wooiton Common, and engaged the
plaintiff, who is a carpenter and builder, to execute some
repairs there, which amounted to 191. 17s. The action
was brought for the recovery of this sum. The witness
he should call in support of the plaintiff's case, would
he knew, be a very unwilling one, because he understood
it was intended to be set up as a plea against this de-
mand, that the witness alluded to, Henry Smith, was
the actual proprietor of the establishment at the time
the work was done, and that in consequence of having
since passed through the Insolvent Court, he had ceased
to be liable for the debt.

Henry Smith deposed that be was the actual holder
of the premises when the debt was contracted. Mrs.
Earl was possessed of the fee simple, but had let the
house to him and received her board and lodging in lieu
of rent. In 1836, he took the benefit of the Insolvent
Act.
Witness's schedule having been produced,
. .

Mr. KEIGHTLY begged to call the attention of the
Court to the fact of the witness not having stated in
his schedule that he was the owner of the house at the
time of his insolvency, and therefore ho must, either
when attesting that document, or giving evidence in
this Court, have sworn falsely.
In answer to a question from the UNDER-SHERIFF,
Mr. KEIGHTLT said he had no other witness to call
in support of the plaintiff's case.
The UNDER-SHERIFF then observed that it was quite
ridiculous to submit a case to the Jury, where the party
bringing it forward was endeavouring to invalidate the
veracity of his own witness.
Mr. KEIGHLEY consented to a nonsuit.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION HO USE.

Captain Fox, of the Diamond Gravesend steam-
vessel, appeared before the Lord Mayor yesterday, to
answer the complaint of Mr. Lintot, a gentlema❑ who
is in the house of Messrs. Foster and Co., African mer-
chants. Several gentlemen who reside at Gravesend
were present, and evidently felt great interest in the sub-
ject matter of the investigation which took place.
Mr. Hobler, jun., attended for the complainant.
Mr. Lintot stated that he was constantly in the habit
of going to, and coming from, Gravesend by steam. On
Friday last he left London in the Sons of the Thames
steam-vessel at five o'clock. All was well until the
vessel arrived at Woolwich Reach, when the Diamond
steam-vessel, evidently with the view of impeding and
damaging the Sons of the Thames, ran down upon her„
and endeavoured to pin her against a barge which lay
on one side of the river. A violent collision took place,
and if the Sons of the Thames had not immediately
stopped, a dreadful accident might have taken place.
The LORD MAYOR—Did it appear to you to be the
effect of design ? Witness—Most decidedly. It was
deliberately and maliciously done. The Diamond then
got ahead, and reached Gravesend first, but she might
have done so without going near the Sons of the Thames.
I beg it to be distinctly understood that I come for.
ward entirely upon public grounds, for the lives of the
public arc greatly endangered by such conduct as I
witnessed.

Mr. Thomas Nisbet, of No. 1, St. Dunstan's-court,
stated that he was a passenger in the Sons of the
Thames, and from his experience of the practice of the
Diamond, he thought the captain would not lose the
opportunity of m•iking a collision when the vessels
reached a particular part of the river. He therefore
watched Captain Fox, and saw him wave his hand, and
the collision then occurred. It was severe, and there
w..s a yell of disgust from the passengers of the Sons of
the Thames, who were much alarmed, particularly the
ladies on board.

The LORD MAYOR—Was there any damage done ?
—Witness—None that I heard of, but if the Sons of
the Thames had not immediately stopped her engines the
consequence might have been very bad. They were
prepared for the collision on board the Diamond, for
they put out her fender, and, I believe, lost it.
The LORD MAYOR—Was there any necessity,
in your opinion, for the Diamond to press upon the
Sons of the Thames ? Witness—Not the least. There
was a clear open space for her to go on, but she would
drive us upon the barge.
Mr. John Rowe, of No. 19, King•street, Holborn,
stated that he went to Gravesend every day by the
Sons of the Thames, and was on board when the col-
lision took place. It was tremendous, and he was
much alarmed. It was not the first, second, or third
time the Diamond had put the passengers of the Sons
of the Thames in the greatest possible danger. There
was plenty of room for four or five steamers of double
the size of the Diamond to pass without touching the
Sons of the Thames.

Mr. W. Dulin, of the Poultry, was also a passenger
in the Sons of the Thames when the collision took
place. It was so violent, that he expected it had made a
hole in the vessel. He sat down when he heard it said
that there was no danger.
Mr. W. Gibson, proprietor of Baker's Coffee-house
in Exchange-alley, was in the Sons of the Thames, and
observed the two vessels struggling for the mastery.
The LORD MAYOR—Then they were both at full
speed ? Mr. Gibson said they most decidedly were.
The Dia►nond made a dash across the bow of the Sons
of the Thames, and then took the lead. The collision
caused a shake. nore was plenty of room for the
Diamond to pursue her course without coming in con-
tact.

Hillingham, the mate of the Sons of the Thames,
stated that he had the charge of the vessel at the time
the collision took place. He heard a gentleman in the
Sons of the Thames say to the Captain of the Diamond,
" Why don't you beat us?" to which Captain Fox re-
plied, " I'll be d—d if I don't beat you," and imme-
diately the collision took place, and it was so great that
Captain Fox was scarcely able to keep his legs. If the
engines of the Sons of the Thames had not been stopped
at once, she must have been in upon the barge. The
Diamond might have shot a-head if she pleased, for she
was a much larger vessel, and a faster vessel. There
was plenty of room.

The LORD MAYOR—Upon your oath, might the
collision have been accidental ? Witness—Upon my
oath, it was not accidental.
Captain Fox—That witness has perjured himself, in
saying that I used blasphemous language.
Mr. John Sherry, of No. 50, St. John-street, Clerk-
enwell, stated that it was to him Captain Fox used the
words which had been mentioned by the last witness.
He (witness) was almost alone on the deck, for it was
raining, until the collision took place. When witness
asked Captain Fox why he did not beat the Sons of the
Thames ? the Captain ordered out the fender, used the
words ascribed to him, and the collision immediately
took place.
The steersman of the Sons of the Thames confirmed
the leading facts stated in the foregoing evidence.
Captain Fox asked a few of the witnesses questions,
with the view of showing that the Sons of the Thames
caused the collision, by her obstinacy in not going to
the left of the barge, as they ought to have done ; but
they stated that there was not room for her to pass,
while the Diamond had abundant space to the right.
Captain Fox denied, in the most positive terms, that
ho had entertained the most distant idea of doing the
• Sons of the Thames a mischief, and was ready to pro-
duce such testimonials of good conduct, humanity, and
ability, as would prove that the imputation was unme.
rited. The steersman of the Sons of the Thames was
the cause of the collision, and had previously, by his
obstinacy, driven the Diamond amongst the colliers, and
in fact, kept up such a system of manoeuvring in the
river as was generally used to prevent the fast vessels
from outstripping those who were not able to go on with
similar -peed, so that the Sons of the Thames came to
the Diamond and not the Diamond to the Sons of the
Thames, which could, with the greatest case, have gone
to the other side of the barge, as she was bound to do.
Mr. Hobler, jun., submitted that the Captain had
made out but an indifferent excuse for endangering the
lives of 200 or 300 people.
The LORD MAYoa—Whatever may be the difference
in speed or the manoeuvring, I only look to the public
safety, whic'a is greatly endangered, as these gentlemen
have proved.

. --
Captain Fox—My Lord, I bear no ill-will to the Sons
of the Thames, and would not do her any injury. I am
particularly cautious of slight vessels of the kind, for I
know what the consequence of an accident must be.
HiHingham— Don't calumniate the Sons of the
ThAnes.

The Captain then called witnesses.
John Little, mate of the Diamond, stated that there
vas plenty of room for the Sans of the Thames to go
inside the barge, which lay aimut 150 yards from time
shore, and she ought to have done so.
Mr. Richard J. Wilkinson, of No. 8, St. Mildred's-
court, stock-broker, stated that he had much experience

in the river, and understood the relative position of the
two vessels. Ho decidedly was of opinion that the
Diamond kept on in an exceedingly straight course.
He was a passenger in the Diamond, and he thought
that the Sons of the Thames ought to have gone to the
left of the barge, and that she got into the dilemma
through her own fault. There was a great deal of jeer-
ing in the Sons of the Thames, and Captain Fox was
quite right in the course he had adopted. Witness
came forward unknown to Captain Fox.
Mr. W. Neville, another passenger in the Diamond,
gave eviderce to a similar effect.

Mr. Dawson, a Director of the Diamond Company,
who entered the Justice-room when the evidence was
nearly concluded, stated that no man had a higher cha-
racter for humanity, prudence, and attention to business
then Captain Fox, and that the collision, after all, was
not such as would break an egg.—(A laugh.) It really
was not worth occupying the Lord Mayor's valuable
time about. The Sons of the Thames, like other ves
sei s which wished to impede when they could not out-
strip, was in the habit of adopting the system called
" hugging," which had the effect of protracting the
journey of the quick boats sometimes the whole way to
Gravesend.
The LORD MAYOR said that his time could not be
better spent than in investigations of this kind. He
had heard frequent complaints of the conduct of the old
companies towards the owners of the Sons of the
Thames, and he could not help saying that Captain Fox
had not acted with his usual sound judgment in this
case. He trusted that he should never have any other
complaint, and he declared that the Company's vessels
must start at different hours, the only way, in his
opinion, to prevent future occurrences of the kind.
Mr Hobler, jun., suggested the propriety of fining
Captain Fox.
The LORD MAYOR—I find I am not authorised to
fine him. If such conduct is repeated it must be pro-
secuted, and I thank the gentleman who brought for-
ward this case in the name of the public, and have no
doubt that the publication of it will lead to some bone-
ficial result.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
(LLOYD'S.)

VESSELS SPOKEN WITH.-Lucie Bulging, 30th ult., lat.
43, lon. 25 ; Superior (Am.) 4th inst., lat. 48, lon. 11 ;
St. Bartholomew, sth ; William, Newcastle to Constan-
tinople, 6th, lat. 49, lon. 7, by the Roohn en Pcndrecht,
Plug, arrived off Eastbourne ; Hibernia, 4th July, lat.
41 S., lon. 43 W. ; De Kock, Batavia to Rotterdam,
23d ult. lat. 38, lon. 35 ; Hutchinson, Bristol to Quebec,
4th inst., lat. 47, lon. 13 ; Woodstock, Liverpool to De-
merara, 7th, lat. 51, lon. 8 ; Chase, Ritchie, Bahia to
P2rnambuco, 11th July, lat. 13 ; St. Cybele, Bristol to
Quebec, lat. 49, lon. 12, by the Dover, arrived off Sal-
combe ; Renovatio, Ball, Liverpool to Gibraltar, 2d inst.,
lat. 44, lon. 10 ; Saltevedel, Lcndon to Cape de Verde,
3d, lat. 45, lon. 9, by the Mary Anne, Moody, arrived at
Falmouth ; Nancy, Halifax to Jamaica, 4th ult., lat. 27,
lon. 67 ; Phoenix, of Greenock, 22d, lat. 43, lon. 40 ;
Radical, 25th lat. 45, lon. 35, by the St. Christopher,
Courts, arrived in the River; Charlotte, Batavia to Cork,
9th July, lat. 55 S., lon. 5 W. ; Mysore, Liverpool to
Singapore, 20th, lat. 2, lon. 21 ; Active, Bahia to
Stockholm, 16th ult., lat. 35, lon. 39, by the Favourite,
Williams( n, arrived at Cork ; Allison, Newcastle to
Miramichi, out forty-four days, lon. 4.

The following has been received from Lloyds :--
GENOA, SEPT. 3

A private letter from Alexandria in Egypt, of the 17th
August, reports that, a plot had been discovered among
the officers of the fleet, to burn the Turk and Egyptian
fleet in that port, ane that several officers had been arrested
and since put to death.
CONSTANTINOPLE, AUGUST 19.
_ _

The Turkish fleet, consisting of one line-ef- battle ship,
one frigate, two sloops, &c. under command of Captain
Walker, R.N., will probably leave to-morrow. There are
four English vessels deeply laden reported at the Darda-
nellei, among them Fides, from Cardiff.
The following vessels have arrived here :
Her Majesty's steamers Cyclops, Confilnee, and Hydra,
fcorn Smyrna ; Gorgon from Beyrout ; off port, her Ma-
j •sty's ship Bellerophon, from Vourla ; her Majesty's steam-
packet Alecto, from Malta; her Majesty's ship Princess
Charlotte, Admiral Stopford, from Mitylene ; her Majesty's
corvette, Daphne, from Levant.
Tar tare French steamer of-war, from Toulon ; La-
voiseur from Smyrna ; Dilegente, French corvette, from
Beyrout ; Tancrede, Government steam-packet, from Syra.
Also arrived off port, the Austrian frigates Guerriere
and Medea, from the Levant ; Clemensa, do.

FAME, A BUBBLE!—Notwithstanding the
wide-spread diffusion of his reputation, James would hu
morously illustrate the limited and ephemeral nature of
fame by an incident that happned to himself in a Brighton
coach. An old lady, struck with his extraordinary fami-
liarity with things and people, at length burst forth—
" And, pray, Sir, you, who seem to know everybody, pray,
may I ask who you are?" " James Smith, Ma'am."
This evidently conveying nothing to her mind, a fel-
low-passenger added, " One of the authors of Re-
jected Addresses.' " The old lady stared at them by
turns, and then quietly said, " I never heard of the
gentleman or the book before."—James Smith's Me-
moirs, 6.c.
FATAL STAGE COACH ACCIDEIIT.—On
Tuesday afternoon, about four o'clock, Burnett, who was
driving the New Company's London and Bristol stage
coach on its way to town, had started from Thatcham,
Berkshire, for London, about half-past three o'clock in the
afternoon, with a coach-load of passengers and luggage,
and on his arrival at Speenham, five miles from Thatcham,
he stopped at the Hare and Hounds, and, imprudently
throwing the reins over the horses' backs, proceeded into
the house for the purpose of obtaining refreshment.
Whilst standing at the door, drinking some gin and
water, he perceived the Old Company's coach pass by
at full speed, which he had just before passed on the road.
The horses of the New Company's coach, hearing the
others pass, immediately started off at full gallop.
Burnett instantly threw down his glass, proceeded
after them, and with great difficulty succeeded in laying
hold of the reins of the leaders. He, however, was thrown
down by them, and severely trampled upon, and the wheels
of the coach passed over his head, body, and legs, and
when picked up in a few seconds life was extinct. He was
conveyed to the Hare and Hounds, where his body awaits
an inquest. Some of the passengers now jumped off the
coach, and the horses, being without control, shot forward
with increased rapidity, until their arrival at a place called
" Jack's Booth," about two miles further on, where they
were stopped by some ostlers. Burnett was one of the
oldest stage-coachmen, having driven the " White Hart"
and other coaches upon that road upwards of twenty years,
and on this occasion was driving for another man unable
to perform his duty from illness. He has left a widow and
two children, who are well provided for.
GLANDERED HORSES.—There has of late been
so many exposures of the continued system of glandered
horses being exposed for sale in Smitbfield-market, that a
measure has been suggested, -nd the means of carrying it
into effect as a remedy is being followed up with great
energy by those who are interested in confidence being es-
tablished in the market. The proposed measure is the ap-
pointment of a resident veterinary inspector, by which ap-
pointment it is presumed that the honest purchaser may
be protected, and by which the character of the market
may be raised above the suspicions which at present presses
so seriously on its respectability, and consequently upon its
utility. It is the only free market in the metropolis,
ought to be protected. _ _

NOVEL SCENE.—On Saturday last the village
and parish church of HiEli Holyhead presented a rather
extraordinary spectacle. The Right Rev. Athanasius
Abdelmeish, a Syrian Jacobite Bishop, from Diarbekir,
in Mesopotamia, and his interpreter, M. Joussuf Musselli,
from Aleppo, were on a visit to the Rev. Dr. Wolff,
LL.D., D. D., Curate of High Holyhead, with whom
the Bishop had contracted a friendship when the Doctor
wss in Mesopotamia. It having been previously an-
nounced that the Right Rev. Bishop would present him-
self at church that day, and would deliver an anddress
in the Arabic language, which Dr. Wolff would inter-
pret, a very great sensation was excited in the neighbour-
hood. The church was crowded to excess, and many
hundreds could not gain admittance. The estimated
number present was from 2,000 to 3,000 persons. The
Rev. Gentleman congratulated the Christian Church in
England on the near affinity it bore to the Oriental
churches, and alluded with fervent gratitude to Dr.
Wolfs visit to Mesopotamia in the year 1623. After ser-
vice the rush to get a sight of him was immense, he being
dressed in the Oriental costume, with a fine flowing
beard. The Right Rev. Gentleman seemed to be highly
pleased, and kept continually bowing to the assembled
multitude on his return to the rectory house, accompanied
by the churchwardens and neighbouring gentlemen.—
Leeds Intelligencer.

THE RUSSIAN ORDER OF ST. ANDREW.-
This order of knighthood, which has just been conferred
by the Emperor Nicholas on the Baron Brunnow, was in-
stituted by Peter the Great in 1698, and dedicated to the
Apostle to whom tradition attributes the introduction of
Christianity into Muscovy. It ranks very high among the
Russian orders, and is only bestowed on men of the first con-
sequence. The badge is the figure of St. Andrew on the
Cross, enamelled on an Imperial eagle, of which the
two heads are ducally crowned, while the Imperial crown
extends over both. The eagle holds in its dexter claw
a sceptre, and in the sinister a mound. This badge
is, on ordinary occasions, worn suspended by a broad
blue ribbon, worn scarfwise over the right shoul-
der, with a star of eight points embroidered on
the left side of the coat. On days of ceremony it is ap-
pended to a collar of gold, enamelled, composed of im-
perial eagles doubly crowned, as on the badge itself, and
bearing on their breast, upon an escutcheon, a represen-
tation of St. George slaying the dragon. These are in-
termixed with ovals emblazoned argent, a saltire azzire,
and with shields, on which appear the letters G. G. in a
cipher, and at the top and sides of each shield an imperial
crown and two banners.

DONKEY RIDING.—Look at that stout marl
with a rubicund face, in which good humour is plainly de-
veloped, and who appears absolutely to obscure the little
animal beneath him. He complains to its owner that the
donkey won't go. The fellow immediately administers
sonic terrific blows on the hinder part of the sufferer.
Goaded on by pain, the diminutive quadruped attempts
something like a trot. The increased rate of speed con-
jures up a transient smile of satisfaction on the counte-
nance of his weighty burthen. But this cannot last long,
The poor donkey, who has been jaded from morning till
night, soon relapses into a walk. With a kind and chari-
table feeling, which does him honour, the rider dismounts
and inquires for a stronger animal, capable of bearing him
gallantly along. No sooner said than done. Forthwith,
selecting one of his ponies, the proprietor proclaims him
to be " a capital little oss, that can walk five miles, canter
ten, and gallop wenty miles an hour —A Summer's Day
at Greenwich.
