FOR THE SUN.

PAPISTS.
Mt:. EDlTOR—Trusting that the Claim ref
Popery will be rejected by our Protestant Legis-
lature; yet knowing too well the rage which that
rejection excite, I earnestly suggest, that the
Army in Ireland may be immediatel3 increased to a
strength sufficient for suppressing a fourth Popish
Rebellion.

VIGIL.

FOR THE SUN.

CATHOLIC CLAIMS TO EMANCIPATION.

Ma. EDITOR—In all disputes, nothing is of
greater utility to truth and amity,, than that the
opposite parties should be called on to define
doily the terms which are adopted to express the
basis (or ground work) of their difference. For
this reason I am going to offer you what 1 have
not yet seen stated with sufficient precision, and
call on either party for assent or denial.
Catholic.—A word of Greek derivation (anti
thence a Latin term also), meaning in English,
UNIVERSAL,-(See Scapula, Calipinns, Ains-
worth, or any other Greek or Latin Dictionary.
Chtint.—r(From the French)—Demand of that
to vrtiieh we have a legal right, which we require
authoritatively, not begging or accepting as a fa-
vonr, but exacting as due,---(See Johnson's de-
finition of the verb " to claim.")
Emancipation.—(From the Latin.)—Deliver-
ance from slavery.—(Dr. Johnson's Dictionary.)
The above terms, then, standing as the title or
head of a dispute at peseta subsisting, state that
the Catholics are the Untversal Company, or
whole body, of Christians ; that their daints are
jus'ified and enforced by the actual laws of the
Realm, and that they themselves are in a state of
slavery,

If this is really the ease,—if the persons now
presenting their demaiih are the nuiversal com-
pany, or whole holy, of Christians ; •if they may
require what they ask, " of right, and authorita-
tively, not begging, or to accept as a favour, but
exacting as due and finally, if they are now in
slavery ; then their condition has been, and is,
monstrous, and disgraceful to the English Consti-
tion, inasmuch as the statement of this case im-
plies distinctly, that the whole body of the Chris-
tian Church, having a legal claim to freedom,
has been, and is, kept in bondage by the politi-
cal Government of this country,
If the. above statement is false,—with what view
are the terms which express the case schpted, as
the title or head of the point in dispute 2.
I am, Sir, your's,
BREWS.
