Ts Du it

N(; THE WEEK.

Wheat. Barley. Oats. Beans.
Per Quarter.
Ashburn 78 84 36 40 27 32 44 4S
Basingstoke 54 SO 28 37 18 '25 35 40
Bath 63 84 33 42 29 33 40 50
Bridgewater 61 88 33 36 30 37 38
86 76 36 38 24 30 33 41
Chesterfield 76 SO 36 40 21 30 44 48
Derby ..,_,. „.. SO • 84 39 41 27 3-1 41 44
Devizes
Doncaster 70 60 20 39 It) 30 41 51
Dorchester
Exeter„„ BO 81 34 40 21 30 46 52
Glotteester--„--,, 6s SO a, 36 24 28 36 4-4
Hungerford 46 80 27 33 22 3) 46
Leicester... , 80 39 21 41
Newbury,..._, 46 SO 23 37 20 31 32 40
Roinsey 55 18 tio 33 24 2d 40 44
Shaftesbury —. 98 25 -- 48
Sheldon Mallet 72 E 8 39 . 43 28 38 30 40
Slierborne 72 82 32 38 24 34 40 48
Taunton----.....„ 76 SS 32 36 16 28 40 44
Y coy il 72 84 36 40 26 30 40 48
Per Bushel. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. ti. s. rt. s. d. s.d
Shrewsbury,,,.,,,,,` 12 6 13 2 56 63 56 6 0 0 00

By order of the Commissioners,
Custom-house, April 22. T. WHITMORE, Sec.

DORSET PAUPER LUNATIC ASYLUM.-It
is with infinite pleasure we are enabled to announce that
the subscriptions for the establishment of this admirable
Institution are gradually increasing. The amount of do-
nations subscribed is 30341. 14s. 61—Dorset Chronicle.

ROAD INIPROVEMENT.-At a recent meet-
ing of the trustees of the Weymouth, Melcombe-Regis,
and Dorchester turnpike, it was resolved that a great im-
provement should speedily be effected on the road leading
from Weymouth, to the great Western Road, at Steeple-
ton. By this judicious alteration the travel!ing on that
road will be materially improved, as several risings will be
decreased, and the distance much shortened,—Porset
Chronicle.

The crew of the Abercrombie Robinson, East
Indiaman, just arrived, have suffered so severely from
cholera enorbus, that had she remained at sea a few days
longer and the mortality continued, it was to be feared
there would not have remained hands sufficient to con-
duct her into port. The number of deaths among the
crew amount to between 60 and 70.—Kent Herald.

SINGLE BLESSEDNESS.—CeIibacy (says Dr.
FaAtixr.tw,) greatly lessons a man's value, An odd
volume of a set of books bears sot thc valuta of its propor-
tion to the set. What think you of the odd half of a pair
of scissors ? it can't well cut any thing ; it may possibly
serve to scrape a trencher.

SIGNS OF THE TIMES.-WC Are informgd
by an Edinburgh gentleman who travelled lest week be-
tween Jedburgh and Dumfries, that a iiinglitar optical il-
lusion was observed very remitly from the top of a hill
near Langholut, The sky, which had previously been
dark and lowering, gradually assumed a brighter hue; the
clonds disputed and were gathered into masnq which
towered like the Alps or the Andes theirtaelyes, tilEa vast
amphitheatre of either was ur,folded, into which the squa-
drons of two aerie! armiei deployed, and took up positions
with the greatest regularity. After a solemn, mouse the
word of command appeared to be given, and then the whole
sky became instinct with motion—then commenced a
struggle sttlilime horn its magnitude, and appßlling beyond
the power of words to express. A thouarkrid ensigns float-
ing in the breeze, the charge of infintry, the shock of ca-
valry, the array of artillory, were all beheld at the same
moment ; aides-de-camp galloped across the lines; generals
issued orders, and were promptly obeyed ; detachments
were eut-flanked, overpowered, taken ; horses awl riders
reeled, and fell, commingling in the direq c.,onfusion ima-
ginable ; columns of rese-ive. seipplied every void, cloi,ed
every br;tl9lt iq the opposing
cased over mountains of slain ; and, in one word, the pomp
and circumstance of a huge battle field were vividly de-
pictured in all their accompaniments,--Dumfries Corr.

I A'numeroug and- respectable meeting of the artier
sans and mechanics of Leicester was held in that
town on the 22d- instant, for the purpose of peti-
tioning the Legislature for the abolition of the corn
monopoly. Mr. THOMAS BAILEY was called' to
the Chair. The Chairman opened the bu.iness
of the meeting by tracing the origin, and show-
ing the destructive nature, of the laws which im-
posed a heavy tax upon the food of the people. lie
stated, that at the close of the American war, 12li
o bread could be had -for a shilling; but after the
passing of the Corn Bill; a rise in price took place.
Since that period, it seemed to have been the of
ject of every Minister to raise the cost of provisions,
and to stint the reward of labour. The speaker
concluded by reading a letter from Mr. Otway Cave,
the Member for the town, in which he lamented his
inability to attend the meeting, the object of which
he highly approved, and stated that they ought to
unite to obtain a reform in Parliament, which the
writer conceived to be the first measure that would
give them effectual relief.
Mr. SEAL next addressed the meeting. He said,
" Let us unite against our worst enemies, the land-
owner and the monopolist, who have converted
blessings into curse 3, and poisoned the sources of
our prospeiity. Let us try every constitutional
means for obtaining redress from our grievances ;
because, as- long as they exist, wo cannot be said to
enjoy the rights of Englishmen."
Mr. LILLEY observed, thal when the voice. of
war had been hushed,—when Englishmen antici-
pated the enjoyment of peace and plenty, the coun-
try presented a scene of wretchedness, occasioned,
as they all knew, by those cruel and oppressive laws
which imposed taxes upon the means of snbsistenee.
" Britons," he exclaimed, " if the love of liberty
and industry be not extinguished from your bosom';
—if public virtue have not taken leave of this
island, and fled to the Continent,—if you set any
value upon your interest and :happiness, or the in-
terest and happiness of your offspring, unite firmly
together,—throw aside prejudice and party spirit,
and boldly demand at the foot of the throne, if the
Legislature will not listen to your petitions, your
righteous claim to partake in the benefits of the
British Constitution. '

Mr. WEEKS now proposed a resolution, express-
ing the satisfaction of the meeting at the. principles
conceded in the passing of the Catholic Relief Bill.
He observed that the Irish people had gained their
triumph,. such as it was, by union and perseverance,
without which they would still have remained sub-
ject to penal exclusions. Their conduct should be.
an example to the people of this country.to leave no
means untried to make known their complaints to
the Legislature, and to co-operate together for their
removal. In this manner they would be able, to
procure the repeal of all the laws which were ini-
mical to their interests, or which diminished their
enjoyments.

Mr. MILLER—Whigs and Tories have employed
the right with which you invested them, to serve
their own ends, and not to alleviate the condition of
those by whom they were returned. It is true that
the present Ministry have pretended to extend the
rights of Britons to those who were formerly le.
prived of them; but in doing this, they have given
to the rich what has been plundered from the poor.
They have deprived 250,000 patriots of the elective
franchise, and, consequently, of a voice in the making
of those laws by which they are to be 'governed, or
in the imposition of those taxes which they are com-
pelled to pay; and this, too, in direct violation of
the great charter—that "no -man shall be taxed
without his own consent, or that of his representa-
tive in Parliament." This I assert to be an open
attack on the rights of the subject, and I think
we cannot do our duty, as friends of real freedom,
without raising our voice against the unjust and un-
constitutional invasion of the rights of ;he people.
And now that our animus, mechanics, and labourers,
are out of employment, and thousands are literally pe-
rishing for want, these self-styled representatives, in-
stead of considering of, and applying a remedy to, the
evils with which we are surrounded, have insulted our
feelings by a Bill to punish poverty with the heaviest
disgrace inflicted upon the murderer,—l allude to
dissection. None of them ever give a thought to
that blood-stained code the game laws, under which,
at this moment, 16 men lie under sentence of death
at Warwick, for shooting a dog I Can you restrain
yourjust indignation at the idea of 16 fellow-creatures
forfeiting their lives for one dog? If you can, then
turn your attention to the cruel, unjust, and inhuman
corn laws,—laws which no other nation could have
borne,—laws which are cruel in their object, and
ap-
palling in their consequences,—laws, I will boldly
say, which have done more towards destroying the
people of England, than all that Wellington and his
army have done to contribute to her elevation.
These laws close our ports against foreign produce,
and at the same time prevent the exportation of our
goods, thus causing • a glut in the market, which is
invariably followed by a reduction of wages and an
aggravation of the poor rates. The Creator, in
inflicting upon us the punishment of our first dis-
obedience, said, "In the sweat of thy brow shalt
thou eat thy bread ;" but those inhuman laws
say, no : the man whose brow is bathed, with
sweat, and whose days are spent in toil, shall
not receive the fruits of his industry, but shall
toil and sweat for those who do not need them.
If, as I have been taught, the oppression of the poor
is a crime which, like the blood of Abel, cries to
heaven for vengeance, let those who are guilty of it
look to the consequences of their transgression.
Talk of West India slavery, indeed ! I believe in

my conscience, that there is not a single slave 3.11
those colonies who, knowing our condition, would
change places with us ; for there is nP't a single
labourer, who receives his scanty pit'Lance from the
poor-rates, that does not endure ',lordships equal at
least to the enslaved negro. And what, let me ask,
would result from the repeal of these laws ? A re-
duction would take place in the value of land,' full
employment would be given to the wasting industry
of the country, and a proportion between wages and
provisions would be instantly restored. Awake,
then, from your dream, ye men of Leicester I shake
off your sluggish fear as a lion does the morning e.,ew,
and demand the free • enjozment. of the gift which
God has bestowed upon man. I can ea you, as
you - love yourselves and your childwn; to unite
firmly together, and tea demand, with an united
voice, the repeal of those iniquitous laws ; and to
continue your exertions until you have obtained, a re-
form in the Commons i,iotue.of Parliament,
Mr. IIARRISc moved the tenth reso;ution, which
was put and curried.

After some further diseusska, a petition to the
House of Commons, foundeq, upon the resolutions,
was read and unanimously adopted. The meeting
afterwards separated,..-.Weekly Free Press.

•
The tw last troops of the- :Ith Regiment of
Dragoan Guards left our barracks,
their march for Canterbury. yesterday morning, on
few
hours after their de-
parture, three troops of the bth Dragoon Guards arrived,
accompanied by the at and a very superior brass baml,
Dorset Ca rota

TRADE WITH TILE EAST INDIES.—A meet-
ing hes been called for Wednesday next of those who are
interested in the trade with the East Indies and China ;
and of those who wish to have these trades opened up, for
the purpose of establishing an " East India Association."
The great importance of these trail:* and the incaleulahle
benefit the abolition of the present monopoly of them is
sure to produce to Britain, have long called loudly for the
adoption of decided measures to ren-tove all obstruction to
the free intorcoarse of the British nation with those
countries.—Glasgow Cl4:onicle.

SPORTING UNUSUAL.;---AS a proof of the
lateness of the spring, and the prevalence of the strong
easterly wind, a sporting gentleman of Glasgow states, that
during the last fortnight 21 woodcocks have been killed
in the wooda of Mr. WALLAca, of Kelly. These birds
seem in fine condition, although evidently on the qui vice
for their hotbeward flight, being very wary, and not to be
shot at after the first rise. The last were killed upon the
11th, making out a full eight months' shooting season, from
Aug. 12 th to the same day of April..—Scotsman.
