GERMAN PAPERS.

VIENNA, MAY 12.—The Constantinople mail of April
25 has arrived, but of course brines nothing interesting,
as we have had already news of the 27th.
The troops under General Kisseleff are stated to have
halted for the present, whence the hopes of an amicable
arrangement are increased. An English courier brings
from London instructions for the legation at Constanti-
nople. We bear that the English Cabinet now gives more
serious attention to the situation of the Sultan, and the
latter might, in case of extreme need, probably reckon on
the efficacious support of England. Mehemet Ali would
therefore expose himself to the greatest danger, if he
thought, by exaggerated demands, to dethrone the Sultan.
The French ambassador, Count de St. Aulaire, has
at length arrived here, with six persons attached to his
legation. He came by way of Italy.
The Bavarian Charge d'Affaires, M. Gasser, has ar-
rived from Munich.

AUGSBURG, MAY 17.—A decree of the Regency of
Greece, inserted in the Italian journals, forbids the wearing
of all kinds of arms ; landowners above 18 years of
age obtain, however, on application, permission to wear
arms, for which a small tax is paid.
Commissioners are expected at Prev, Si, who are to
cause towers, at the distance of a league from each other,
to he erected on the new frontiers of Greece.

It is affirmed that Arta also makes a part of the new
Greek kingdom.

The long-expected courier from Greece se,ms to have
arrived at Munich; at least we have teceived from that
city a great number of letters, journals, &c., from Napoli
di Romania, from the date of the arrival of King Otho to
the Bth of April. We shall devote an extraordinary sup-
plement, to-morrow and the following day, for the pur-
pose of communicating these interesting accounts to the
public as completely as possible.
While the accounts from Constantinople continue to
represent the arrangements between the Porte and Egypt
as not yet settled, the Osservatore Triestino gives a
letter from Alexandria of 18th April, which says that
on the 16th a Tartar bad arrived from Ibrahim's head-
quarters with the news that a treaty of peace was con.
eluded, by which all Syria and the district of
Adana were ceded to the Paella, that great joy
was excited at Alexandria by this news, that the who'e
city was illuminated on the 16th in the evening, and that
tue feux de jui continued till late in the night of the
17th. According to this account, therefore, peace was
considered in Egypt to be certainly concluded.
The Leipsic Journal has the following of the 12th
ins', from Berlin :—A suit instituted hy some Paris
contractors against the Bank of Poland excites much
interest here since, it has revealed that Prince Louis Buona-
parte and the Prince de la Moskava had, at the time of the
revolution, accepted the command of the troops that were
tie proceed from France to Lithuania. It also appears,
from the printed documents relative to this suit, that Count
Lubienski was the principal agent of the Poles in Franc-,
and that he was chareed to superintend the conveyance of
arms and ammunition to Poland. This is the more
extraordinary as be is domiciliated in the Duchy
of Posen, and consequently is a subject of Prussia.
The issue of this trial is looked forward to with great
oportance.

VIEEN A, MAY 13.—Five per Cent Metalrques, 924;
Four per Gnt., 812 i; Bank Shares, 1,2081. —Allge-
meine Zeitung, May 18.
COIRE, MAY 12.—The Government of Lombardy at
Milan has made an appica!ion to the Government of the
canton of Tessin, requesting it to give a refusal to the
Polish fugitives, if they should petition to he received and
allowed to reside in the canton.

Considering the terms of friendship and good neigh-
bourship subsisting between Lombardy and Tessin, the
Government of Lombardy expects that that of Tessin will
take this wish into due consideration. A similar applica-
tion his been made to the canton of the Gusins.
FitownEas OF ITALY, MAY 7.—Except the expedi-
tion against Tunis, there is no appearance of armaments in
Sardinia calculated to create apprehensions of a war.
yet ever since the beginning of this year, great activity
his been observed in the prosecution of works for
strengthening tie Piedmontese fortresses, which are of
ench a nature that the object of the works is doubtful.
Tins in Alexandria, the works directed against the in-
terior of the places which were demolished a few years
ago ar, restored. One might almost be induced to think
that the Government distrusted its own subjects.
The Commerce of Genoa, Leghorn, and other ports in
the Mediterranean puffers greatly by the war in the Levant,
and the interruption of the intercourse with Barbary, and
there seems little prospect of a favourable change in this
eapect.—Frankfort Papers, May 18.

Ground for building is of more value, per-
Ilan in New York than in London. A space 25 feet in
front, and 100 deep, in the best si:uations, will real.ze to
the seller from 20,000 to 40,000 dollars. A small piece
of ground which posse,sed three frontages was disposed of
for no less a sum than nearly 150,000 dollars.

DRY CUPPING.—A lady of rank, living near
Dublin, was occasionally attacked by violent determination
of the blood to the head, and each of the p mosysn‘s was
su. e, before it ended, to induce a violent propensity to
suicide. This congestion and propensity were afterwards
removed, or rather prevented, by the timely application of
dry cupping as soon as the well-known premonitory
symptom of the paroxysm appeared.—Dr. Graves, quoted
in the Lancet.

FACTORY CHILDREN.—A meeting of the
inhabitants of Walworth was held at the great room,
Montpelier Tavern, on Wednesday evening, to petition
Parliament in favour of the Ten Hours 1111. THOMAS
HARDY, Esq.. surgeon, toil the chair, and opened the
business with an effective speech, in furtherance of that
humane object. He was f &lowed by WILLIAM UNDER..
WOOD, Esq., who moved the first resolution. Mr.
DotritaTY, one of the Lancashire delegates, seconded the
resolution, and described with great force and feeling the
suff rings of the factory slaws. The Rev. Dr. ANDREWS,
and other speakers, addressed tle meeting also with great
effect, when a petition was unanimously nee. d to, which
)ies for signature in the neighbourhood. We regret that
our limits prevent us from giving even an outline of the
speeches.

A CURATE OR AN Ass.—The Semaphore,
of 11Iarsei les, gives the following as an authentic letter
from the rector of a parish, in the arrondissement Of Aix,
xo his archbishop :—" My duties are beyond my strength.
be numerous rural habitations within my parish compel
pre to travel about so much, that I can no longer support
the fatigue it occasions me. My income does not enable me
to afford a conveyance of any sort. I have therefore abso-
lute need of an assistant, and I request you will deign to
send me a curate—or an as., which will equally answer
the purpose !"—Paris Paper.

- -
THE PRINCESS DASHKOFF.—When I was
ID Cork I saw the Princess DASHKOFF, the favourite of
CATHERINE, the Empress of RUSSIA, who cut such a
famous figure in the revolution of that day. Ido nut
,know the cause of her being at Cotk. It was said she
‘7.'ila banished by her gentle friend gray KATTY, who was
Jo kind to Warsaw. She lived on the Mall, in lodgings
,of twelve guineas a we, k. I saw her at the play, in a
0" er4ox.--She was not young, but I could perceive that
she attracted more attention than the performers. On her
first entering, she took a Urge coloured silk handkerchief
and spreal it over the edge of her box—not a erode with
Th, Coik. or any other Irish, or Great British ladies.
This Princess DASHKOFF was not very far from my mind
when writirg the character of Mrs. Cheshire (Rusty
Fusty) in the " Agreeable Surprise."—By the late Mr.
O'Keeffe.
ST. PANCRAS.—The excitement caused in
the parish of Sr. Pancras by the present election for forty
vestrymen, in the place of the same number who must
retire, according to the terms of the new Vestry Act, is
Ignal to anything of the kind even upon the occasion of
the election for Members of Parliament. Indeed, open
the issue of this contest will depend whether the parish
shall in future be governed by men chosen by the majority
of the inhabitants, or whether it shall be under the domi-
nation of a few aristocrats. The poll will terminate to-
morrow, and those parishioners who have not yet recorded
their yobs will Sadly neglect their own inter( at if they do
not take time by the forelock, and support the independent
cause. The "Parochial Committee" have uphill wed:,
but they have manfully done their duty, and success will be
sure to attend their exertions.
About three years ago a youth in the employ
of a linendraper of Yarmonth, Norfolk, wee sentenced to
transportation for robbing his maser. There being fa.
vouranrcti' instances in his case, interest Wifi9 made, ante
thelLe*Asbliaeli was commuted to five years in the Peni-
-1
te` • ris.w .:.7hvt.rhis.::_con,luct was so good thlt he was
ogictikhe,sipiration of three years. lie arrived in
ICY titris,:ain Saturday week, and almost immediately
211' ed'orgs fortirrnas.er, and having, in the sincere
kft. ' II rviiireoce4 infiaorid forgiieness, be preserved I.im
• ;I-11 ' - '.trittiti;thien" 1021. 18s. 6.1. The gentleman,
A., ••. ..,144,tfisnerblemiess of conduct, was for some time
..... to_fmals.. Ile at length urged him to accept a few
poticdailib2lce-141 positively refused , he at last with
tiiffi43re?ljtsl'on him to accept the odd silver ...-
Caml ridge Chronicle.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, MAY 23, 1833.

The Marquis of PALMELLA left town last
night for Falmouth, on his way to Oporto. A dis-
tinguished Captain in the British navy has also
left for the same destination for the purpose of
co-operating with Admiral SA RTORIUS. Seve-
ral other gentlemen connected with the Consti-
tutional cause will follow this evening, and all
the arrangetnents for immediately sending out
naval and military stores, &c., are completed.
It is admitted by persons well acquainted with
the resources of the contending parties in Por-
tugal, that the assumption of the offensive by
Marshal SOLIGNAC, must bring the question
to a speedy termination, as neither party can
provide means for prolonging the contest. Ac-
cording to authentic accounts, the chances at
present are decidedly in favour of the Pedroites.
The troops, although they have suffered from
sickness, are in a much better condition than
the Miguelites; and they are in a state of
excitement very favourable to the mode of'
warfare which they will have to adopt when
out of Oporto. Marshal SOLIGNAC would,
we believe, have delayed the march for an-
other month or two, but for the anxiety
of the troops to come to close quarters
with the enemy. His Commissariat, however,
is, considering all things, in a very fair condition
—much better than that of the enemy—and he
is well provided with artillery. It is expected
that the campaign will commence about the
middle of June.

We are sorry to confirm the melancholy ac-
counts given by a Morning Contemporary of the
misery of the poor in Oporto. Enfeebled by
long piivations, they have become an easy prey
to the cholera, and the mortality has been con-
siderable. It appears, however, that in Lisbon
the distress and sickness of the lower orders
have been much greater than at Oporto.

No official information has yet been received
of the reported peace between the SULTAN and
MEHEMET ALI ; and the belief now at the Fo-
reign Office and the French Embassy appears to be
that the Emperor of RUSSIA has taken advantage
of some circumstance to prevent the conclusion
of a war which promised him a great increase of
political power and territory. By pretended
concessions, however, to this country on the
Dutch question, NICHOLAS has contrived to
obtain from our Cabinet the means of carrying
his projects into execution without fear of mate-
rial opposition. But for this policy, some ar-
rangement would have been come to between
the British and French Governments which
would have frustrated his views on Turkey.

AI. COMTE and M. PIRON, the director and
sut)-director of the Postes in France, arrived in

town last night for the purpose of seeing the
Duke of RICHMOND and Sir FRANCIS FREE'
LING, on the subject of the proposed establish-
ment of a daily mail between London and Paris.
We are very sorry to hear that they are not
sanguine of success as to the object of their
mission.

The French Papers of Wednesday have, been
received. It appears that Ministers were suc-
cessful in carrying the Bill relative to the Greek
Loan through its first stage, but with a very
small majority—only 36 ; there being 176 for, and
140 against it. Whether they will be able to pass
it into a law in its original form is very doubtful,
as several amendments were proposed on Wednes-
day, having a tendency to neutralise the object of
the Bill. These papers contain some allusion to
the affairs of Spain and Portugal, of no particular
moment. Don MIGUEL was endeavouring to
repair his losses from desertion by enlisting some
soldiers who formerly belonged to the ex-royal
guard of CHARLES X. We apprehend, however,
that his fate will be sealed long before their
arrival in Portugal ; for the reinforcements, now
on their passage to join Don PEDRO, will 80011
enable him to take the field with every pros-
pect of success. One battle gained in the open
field over the army of MIGUEL would seal his
destiny.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PAats, May 22.
Five per Cents. 103 f. 20c. 15c. 342 c.
Four and a Half per Cents., —f. —c.
Four per Cents., 93f. 50c.
Three per Cents. 78f. 85c. 79f. sc. 79f.
National Loan, 103 f. 10c.
Bank Actions, 1,790 f. —c.
Bente de Naples, 93f. 93f sc. 20c.
Roman Five per Cents., 9nA 91.
Route d'Espagne, Fiveper Cents. 15% a 4
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents. 44% 31 45
Royal Spanish Loan, 89N
Rente Perpetuelled'Espagne, Five per Cents., 76% %
Belgian Loan, 1831, 89% .34
Haylian Loan, --f. —c.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 75c.; money, 25f. 70c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 65c. ; money, 25f. 60c.
—Coors Authentique.

The whole of the recruits for the service of
Don PEDRO, who have left town within the last
few days, will be on board to-day, and the Ves-
sels are expected to sail early to-morrow for
Oporto. They are.well provided in every respect
for their comfort on the voyage, and are in
excellent spirits.

We have before us two publications upon a
topic of great importance and interest at the
present moment. One is a pamphlet, published
by RIDGWAY, entitled " Poor Laws, beneficial
to Landed Property in Ireland, deduced from
their Effects in England." The other is a shilling
book, published under the superintendence of
the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Know-
ledge, and written by Miss MARTINEAU. It is
entitled " The Parish." The known opinions
of Miss MARTINEAU upon the subject of th!
poor laws, and the title of the first work we have
named, may sufficiently indicate that the ob-
jects of the two writers are diametrically op-
posed to each other. Miss MARTINEAU'S
work is, like her periodical publications, in
the form of a tale ; and, by the auspices
under which it is produced as well as by
its low price, is evidently intended to be cir-
culated, if possible, among the middling and
lower classes of rate-payers, as well in town as in
the country, and rouse them to the necessity of
making some exertion to stop the torrent of
pauperism which threatens to overwhelm them.
The means she employs in her tale of " The
Parish" are much the same as those so ably
handled by her iu " Cousin Marshall." The
misfortune is that instead of finding, as we did
in " Cousin Marshall," instances of the working
of the poor laws similar to what we had met with
in the course of our own experience, we find in
" The Parish," facts which, however terrible,.
we know to be taken literally from the report of
the Poor Law Commissioners. Let us make an
extract from the account of parish pay day :
" Blogg nodded to her as she went out, and then made
his way to the table, every body yielding precedence to
the owner of cottages.
" Sharpe tells me,' said Blogg, that you refuse to
pay his rent for him.'

-"
'To be sure,' replied the overseer ; you know little
of the calls upon the rate, if you think that we can pay
rents out of it.'

" ' I know that you will h tve worse calls upon it if
you do not pay rents. I must have my money; and
unless you he!p Sharpe to pay it, I will distrain, and then
you must do the best you can with him and his family.'
" So you want to make the parish pay for your
having taken a bad tenant ?'
" How do you mean a bad tenant? Sharpe belongs
to the parish. I suppose you do not dispute that.
Leave it to me to make hum pay as long as he can. When
he cm pay no longer, his parish must do it. Trust me
for choosing my tenants well. I take care to have nothing
to do with non-parishioners, unless they can give good
security for their rent.'

" ' You are out in your reckoning, my good sir,' oh-
served the overseer. It has never been our practice to
p ly rents out of the rate.'

' That is no reason why it never should he. If
people have a right to a maintenance from their parish, I
cannot are how you can deny them wherewith to pay fin- a
roof over their heads.'

True, true ; very true,' observed the squire.
Neither you nor I have any right to draw the distinction
where the law makes none. You must help Sharpe with
his rent if you find that he really cannot pay it himself.'
"' If so,' said Dankin, ' the best way will be to buy
cottages for our paupers at once, instead of putting a
yearly profit into Blogg's pocket.'
" With all my heart. I Like you at your word, if you
give me my price,' oiled Blogg, urging, his challenge with
an outstretched arm.

" ' And what is your price ?'
" Seventy pounds a-piece for the houses in Myrtle
Row.'

" ' Thank you ; but it would answer better to us
to build thin to take your damp, rickety cortimes; at
that price, even if we had the conscience to put our poor
into such unwholsorne dens.'

" Build away, pray; you will be just where you
were before, as concerns my tenants. Cottages do not
stand Empty long where there are young people of the
parish ready to marry ; and there will always be Sharpes
enough to live in my cottages, if you build three to my
one. My houses will never stand empty long.'"
This is nut fiction, and we do not hesitate to
quote it as a true transcript of scenes of every
day occurrence.

Let us now see what the advocate of poor
laws says for them. Speaking of the double
object of the Act of ELIZABETH, the writer of
the pamphlet before us says---" It is common
to find persons having no other idea of the poor
laws than as raising a fund for the support of
the idle poor, seeming entirely to forget the
most important and valuable feature of those
laws, viz., that which compels the capitalist to
employ the able poor, on pain of maintaining
them in idleness." Throughout his whole
pamphlet the writer insists upon this advantage
of compelling capitalists to employ labour, anda
grosser fallacy upon which to found an argu-
ment cannot well be imagined. In plain
English this means compelling capitalists to find
food, but it is clear that if all anxiety, or fear
of not being able to find food for a family, be
taken away, men will multiply till the
food produced is insufficient for the com-
fortable maintenance of the whole com-
munity. Of course, according to our friend's
principle, the capitalists must be still com-
pelled to give food (for labour not yielding
food is not the thing wanted) to all who want.

The inevitable consequence of this must be to
reduce a country precisely to the state in which
Ireland is now placed ; all must be paupers, all
must be struggling for a portion of the scanty
supply of food, and many must starve. Should
England, as well as Ireland, ever arrive at such
a state, capital will have no refuge except out of
the kingdom. What would be the effect of thus
driving all capital out of the country it is dread-
ful to contemplate. We are not yet, however,
reduced to that extremity ; and the owners of
fixed capital in Ireland, living under the shelter
of our laws and power, are able to draw interest
from it. The question now is, not whether poor
laws be good in themselves, but whether they
are not, with all their evils, temporarily
necessary in Ireland. The people there
have become reckless and improvident from ig-
norance, whilst in England we are fast hastening
to the same state, because we encourage reck-
lessness and improvidence. We must enlighten
the Irish ; we must show them that it is for
their own interest to be peaceable and provident.
But it is vain to expect ignorant men to see this
whilst they feel the pinching of hunger. Al-
though, therefore, we agree with the writer of
the pamphlet before us in the conclusion he
conies to, that some kind of poor law should
be established in Ireland, we cannot agree
with him in saying that it should be the poor law
of ELIZABETH. Instead of a law insuring every
man bread (or work, which is the same thing)
whether the bread is to be got or not ; instead
of an administration of the law which directly
encourages improvidence, a law might be framed
and administered which, whilst it relieved the pres-
sure of the present distress, would teach the poor
providence, and in the very act of its operation
extinguish pauperism and itself together, In
England let a Bill be passed, putting down the
allowance system, abolishing the law of settle-
ment, abolishing the bastardy laws, making relief
equal to the married and the unmarried, and
entirely taking it away from all who are born
after a certain time. Should this last provision
be thought too severe to commence with, we
might try, in conjunction with the other provi-
sions, to enforce the necessity of making labour
not voluntarily given, infinitely harder, infinitely
worse paid, and infinitely less desirable in every
respect than that voluntarily offered. In Ireland
all should at once be enitled to demand work or
relief, but the claim to cease with the lives
of the married, and the marriage of the
unmarried. By the adoption of these plans in
Ireland and England, we might hope to relieve
the present distress of the Irish, preserve the
existing claims (rights we cannot bring ourselves
to call them) of the English poor, teach both
providence and industry, and finally bring both
countries into that state of happy prosperity and
independence enjoyed by the best part of
Scotland.

IMPERIALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, FRIDAY, MAY 24.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER. took the Chair at a quarter after twelve.
Sir C. PAGET appeared at the table, and took the
oaths and his seat for the Carnarvon district of boroughs,
in the room of Major Nanney, who had been declared un-
duly elected.
Several private Bills were advanced a stare.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE moved the second reading of
the Edinburgh Improvement Bill.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY presented nine petitions from se-
veral Wesleyan and Dissenting congregations in the county
of Essex, for the immediate and unqualified abolition of co-
lonial slavery. A'so petitions from the inhabitants of Chi-
chester, praying the tail repeal of all disqualifications
affecting Dissenters. The petitioners prayed that they
should be freed from all the imposts and ceases which
were applicable to the support either of the edifice or
doctrine of the establishment. This principle involved
the charter of Protestant Dissenters, and disclosed the
principles on which dissent was to be justified. The Pro-
testan ED issenters were not schismatics, but were opposed on
religious principles to the established church. They proceeded
on the rational ground that each should pay for his own
ministers, as they paid for th-ir own lawyers, &c.
Mr. GILLON sail that the dissenters of Scotland were
decidedly hostile to all establishments of religion, and
complained of the great injustice of seizing, by legislative
enactments, the property of one class, to support the
religious opinions of another. The Hon. Member also
stated that so conscious and decided were the convictions
and opinions of dissenters against establishments, that they
would not, even if an endowment were off red them, accept
of it.
Mr. OLIPHANT and Mr. EWING denied the existence
of hostile feeling generally, in Scotland, against the esta-
blishment, and stated that, &though there was a difference
of opinion prevalent relative to the question of civil
establishments of religion, abstractedly, there was no
difference of opinion as to the doctrines and discipline of
the Church of Scotland.

Mr. B. ROTCH presented a petition in favour of the
abolition of slavery, signed by nearly all the inhabitants of
Isleworth ; and a petition from the, ministers, chapel-
wardens, and other inhabitants of the precinct of Bride-
well, praying for the better regulation of the Sabbath,
not by the enforcement of religious observance, but by the
prevention of Sunday trading. The Hon. Member next
presented a petition from the magistrates of the county of
Middlesex, praying for an alteration in the law affecting
beer shops ; and in particular that the exceedingly
demoralizing effects occasioned by the consumption of
beer on the premises might be prevented. He then presented
a petition from the inhabitants of Oxford-street, Holborn,
and their vicinities, complaining of the great nuisance
occasioned by the rapid and dangerous driving of omni-
buses, and of the injury inflicted on the trade of the
petitioners thereby. He (Mr. Rotch) would admit that
these vehicles were a gre it accommodation to passengers,
and he was convinced might be made of general utility if
paced under proper regulations. As it was they were
become a notorious nuisance from the misconduct of the
drivers. He had himself seen as many as three racing
abreast. Although the Board of Hackney Coaches had
not been as efficient as it might have been, be could see no
reason why there should not be some such an office to
which application might be made by parties who were
aggrieved.
Mr. SPRING RICE referred to discussions which had
taken place on the subject in the Committee on the Police
Bill, and said that there was one police-office at which any
person might apply and make complaints in the same
manner as before the Board of Hackney Coaches. In
every c ise the owners of omnibuses were responsible for
injmies done by the drivers.
Mr. Alderman WOOD stated, that owing to the regu-
lations of the city magistrates, and the activity of the city
police, and the facility afforded to persons making com-
plaints, the nuisance had been grea.ly abated in the city;
and that now most people were ready to avail themselves
of the economy and convenience afforded by those vehicles.
Mr. ROCHE presented petitions for the abolition of
negro slavery, from the Wesleyan M tho lists of Kildare,
Kidalue, and St. George's-street, in the city of Limerick.
Sir EDMOND HAYES presented petitions for the
better observance of the Sabbath from Cork, and against
negro slavery from two places in Donegal.
Mr. E. L. BULWER presented a petition from the
Wesleyan Methodists of Lincoln against negro slavery.
Also from the Norwich Political Union, expres-ing
their extreme regret at the measures proposed re.
specting the unhappy state of Ireland. The Ho-
nourable. Member also presente I petitions from the Na-
tional Political Union, and from the inhabitants of Bolton,
against the taxes on knowledge. Al,o, from Newark-
upon Trent, for vote by ballot, and praying the House to
consider the propriety of shortening the duration of Par-
liament. The Hon. Member stated that he bad a motion,
of which he had given notice, for the repeal of the s•amp
duty on newsp goers, which he intended to press on, and
he thought be should be able to make out a very ',bong
case, for the propriety of removing what lie thought a very
infamous tax._

HOUSE AND WINDOW DUTIES.
Colonel EVANS, seeing the Right Hcn. Secretary for
the Treasury in his place, wished to know whett er ware
houses connected with houses by internal communication
were subject to the house and window duty; and if so,

upon what principle that took place, as warehouses having
an external communication were exenspt.
Mr. SPRING RICE said, that he should not like to
take upon himself off hand the responsibility of answering
the question, as it was a legal one. With respect,
however, to the principle, that did not lie with the Trea-
sury, but the 12 Judges of the land, whose opinions
were always taken upon the law of the case. He would
look into the decisions upon the subject, after which he
should be prepared to give an answer to the Gallant Officer.
Mr. PRY:IIE presented a petition from a person named
Howell, residing at Cambridge, complaining of the abuses
in the Corporation of that town.
Mr. SPRING RICE supported the prayer of the peti-
tion, which he thought well worthy of the attention 01
the House.

Lord ORMELIE presented six petitions, praying for
the abolition of slavery, from places in Perthshire. Also
one from Pitcairn, against the corn I,wa. On a late oc-
casion he voted against the resolutions on this subject, not
because he was opposed to them in principle, but because
he thought this was nut the time to bring them forward.
The House bad enough of business before them for their
consideration, without now taking into consideration a
question of such magnitude.
Dr. LUSHINGTON presented a petition froml,3oo
coal whippers on the river Thames, complaining of
a late enactment which so interfered with their trade ar to
curtail their wages, and praying for some relief. Also one
from Captain Brenton, praying the House to provide better
places of confinement for juvenile offenders.
Earl GROSVENOR supported the prayer of the peti-
t on. It was a question that was much c )nsidered in the
county of Chester, from which place he had received a
memorial to the same effect.

An Hozr. MEMBER said nothing better could be done
than for the House to pass some measure by which ma-
gistrates in petty sessions might he empowered to sum-
mon juries for the trial of such offenders.
Mr. PRYME saw no objection to such a power being
given to the Magistrates; but he believed that they already
possessed that power.
Dr. LUSHINUTON presented a petition from
146 inhabitants out of 159, residing in the Artil-
lery-ground of the Tower of London, praying for the re-
peal of the house and window taxes. One from the parish
of Whitechapel against the removal of the police office from
that district, and one from the Vicar, churchwarden, and
inhabitants of Bromley, respecting the Irish poor, and
praying for some alteration in the law with respect to
Catholic marriages. The Hon. Member siid with
respect to the last subject, be would only observe that the
time had come when a ch Inge was absolutely nee_4,sary.
The petitions were then ordered to lie on the tible.
Captain STUART presented a petition from Rothsay,
for the better observance of the Sabbath.

Mr. HALYBURTON presented petitions to the same
effect from the Presbytery of Aberbrothock, the parishes
of Guthrie and Aberlach.

Mr. T. ATTWOOD presented a petition from the
agricultural labourers of the parish of Bodicctt, in Oxford-
shire, complaining of distress. They stated that the poor
rates of that parish amounted to 1/. per head per annum,
while their wages were about 2d. or 22e1. a head per week;
He (Mr. Attwood) understood that the paupers in B r-
mingham received 3s. 6d. per week each, while in this
Oxfordshire village the agricultural labourers could only
earn at out 14d. a week each. The petitioners prayed that a
law might be passed by which large families might have
allotted to them two acres of land, and small fatuities one
acre, at a fair rental. His next petition was om Nun-
e iton, in the county of Warwick, signed by nearly all the
inhabitants of that town ; they complained that they had
long cuff red under misery and distress, and that,
although they bad frequently appealed to the House of
Commons, they had obtained no relief; they therefore
prayed for the total and immediate repeal of all the taxes
on malt, hops, sug ir, and tobacco.—(Hear, hear).
That populous neighbourhood almost wholly depended
on the Ribbon trade, and the petitioners state, that for
the last seven years, that trade had been greatly injured by
the ruinous competition of foreigners. The Honour-
able Member attributed their distress to a different
cause,—viz. to the monetary system, and not to the
effects of foreign comp, tition alone. He had also a
petition from the Birmingham Political Association.
Those petitioners related the injuries which had been
indicted upon that unhappy country, Poland, and depre-
cated the apally of this country while the struggles were
going on. The petitioners pointed out the benefits which
would result from a reinstatement of the kingdom of Poland
to this country, particularly in an extension of their trade
in British manufactures, and prayed the House to address
his Majesty, beseeching him to cooperate with France
and Austria in restoring Poland to the state of independence
in which she was prior to her partition in 1772. The
Hon. Member said he thought that Russia had by her ty-
rannic conduct laid herself open to the indignation and
military attack of all the civilized powers of Europe, and
that it was the bounden duty of all the European
Powers to see justice done to Poland. Two years
ago, if this country had held up its finger, Poland
tte.uld have been saved ; and six months ago, if it had
held up its finger, Constantinople would have been saved
too ; but now it might cost hundreds of millions to
save Constantinople, unless, indeed, we were prepared
to surrender the Thames to the Russians. He had also a
petition forom Mr. Edward Sully, a gentleman well
known in the city of London, praying an inquiry into
the monetary system ; that gentleman took tie same view
of the causes of the present distress as he (Mr. Attwocel)
did, and he concurred in the prayer of the petition.
His next petitions were from Dalaston, in the county of
Stafford, for such an alteration of the law regarding new
beer shops, as to make them more independent of the
officious and improper interference of the police—
( Hear, hear)—from the Council of the Birmingham
Political Union, in favour of the Ten Hours' Labour
in Factories Bill; from the same body for the abolition
of slavery ; and three petitions also for the abolition of
slavery, from the Methodists of Lichfield, from some
place in Staffordshire, and from Birmingham. While he
concurred in the hope that black slavery would be speedily
abolished, he must say that he believed the miseries of the
white slaves to be ten times greater than those of the
black slaves; and when they should accomplish the plan of
giving to the black slaves a maintenance for three-fourths of
their labour, he hoped they would deal out the same
measure of justice in favour of the white slaves. He had
also a petition from West Bromwich, complaining of
distress, and also of the passing of the Irish Coercion
Bill. The Hon. Member in conclusion said, that
if any observations that he ever uttered in that
House should appear as going to extremes, lie hoped they
would only be attributed to a desire to see the poorer classes
remun -rated fot their labour. He was desiruus of securing
the stability of the church, of the aristocracy, and, indeed,
of all the institutions of the country, and when he c tuld
see the labouring population receive that for their
I.bour which would enable them to support themselves
and families in comfort he should rest sati•fi d.—(Hear.)
He bad only one remark to make, which was that the
country was divided into three great parties, Radical,
Whig, and Tory, and it was roost extraordinary that all
these parties should disagree on every subject except one,
and on that they cordially united. They all agreed to
make war upon the currency, by which they would pull
down the fabric of society on their heads.
Mr. DIVETT would give the Hon. Member credit
for hie intentions, but he felt it to be his duty to
protest against his doctrines—for views snore mis-
chievous never were promulgated by any individual.
—(Hear, hear.) He had been pleased to talk
about white slavery in England. He (Mr. Divett) would
deny that white slavery existed, but if it did, the Hon.
Member did not take the proper way of relieving
it, by exciting the poor people against their rulers.
The Hon. Member had spoken of three great parties in
that House—he might have added a fourth, as be him-
self constituted another, being the ultra Union party—
a parry more dangerous than either ultra Whig or
ultra Tory.—(Hear, hear.) The Hon. Member had re-
flected in very severe terms upon the conduct of a savings
b ink at Exeter, and stated generally that savings banks
cost the country more than it benefited by them.
He thought such attacks came with peculiar ill grace
from the Hon. Member for Birmingham, who professed
to be the advocate for the working classes ; there was no
institution in the country likely to be more beneficial to
that class than these banks.

Mr. ATTWOOD replied. Those banks cost the
country in ten years 600,0001., and he supposed the ex-
penses had not been reduced. That money, in his opi-
nion, could he better applied for the benefit of the poor.
Mr. S. RICE most positively denied the statements of
the lion. Mett.ber. Thosa institutions had been most
beneficial to the country generally.
Mr. DIVETT said a few words in explanation, and
added, that there had been latterly a considerable increase
in the number of deptsits at the Exeter Savings Bank.
Mr. HUTT preslnted a petition from the ship-owners
of Kingston-upon-Hull, praying for the remission of
duty upon sea policies of insurance. The Hon. Member
observed that by the proposed reduction voyage pa icies
would alone be bent fitted, whilst time policies—the num-
ber of which was continually increasing—instead of deriv-
ing an advantage from the proposed alteration, would ac-
tually have to suffer an increase of duty. He should take
occasion to notice this subject mere fully when his mo-
tion thereon came under the consideration of the House.

Mr. Sergeant PERRIN presented four petitions from

places in Monagh, and four from places in Tyrone, sgiret
negro slavery. seri
Sir J. DALRYMPLE presented petitions from
parishes in Edinburgh against negro slavery. fro Mr.
Mr. TURNER presented one on the same subject
the Baptist congregation of Blackburn.
Wilkiblro.urGnel, and
LLONotphere:epnles.
presented petitions against slavery ft°
Mr. WALKER gave notice, that when the House
00
into committee on the assessed taxes, he should
that the houses of schoolmaster and of licensed victun
should be placed on the same footing with thOe
shopkeepers. tli
Mr. JAMES EWING presented petitions for
better observance of the sabbath front Glasgow. ua
iAtedßEAs
Sir ROBERT VAUGHAN presented a petition it-
theAUfrn.
a ple in Merionethshire against Slavery.
ton-place, Potter-rote, and Nicholson-street, Edintlos
to the same effect. Also a petition from the 53ale P
relative to the Royal Burgh Bill.
RsCocltiaOteMß Congregationsl Epresentedo
fene voesrea.lstpreeetitt,iounros fro:
Lord GROSVENOR presented a petition from
clergy and gentry, and other inhabitants, ttf a Paris
0;
Chester, in favour of a better observance of the Sabblor
also a petition from the same place in 'avour of the
seaters'E. Relief Bill.
Mr. TENNANT presented petitions from A°
and front the Wesleyan Methodists of Carrickfeirof
Raphoe, Antritn, Down, and other places, in (4 Of
of the abolition of slavery. Also a petition: foul
their fj
•
tr
hand-loom weavers of Belfast, complaining O.
c
of
tressed state, and praying for relief by the tstabliJime°
a local board of trade. at
Mr. LEFROY presented two petitions in fri:°;,,tert
the better observance of the Sabbath, from the Ml°:ips•
of Bostertown, Dublin. Also a petifon from lever-fiio
riches in Cork and Ross against the Irish Church 01"
Bill.
Mr. T. MARTYN presented a petition from the edie rrfi
and inhabitants of Stockport, Chester, in favour of
laws for Ireland.
The SPEAKER left the Chair at a quarter to 3 o'cl°4l'
