DUTCII PAPERS.

GENP.VA, MA Bcn 11 .—Count Bubna Las issued
several -Bulletins here, relative to the movements
of the armies ; that of the left wing contains the
following particulars
General Wiinpfen., commanding the advanced guard of
the Prince of Hesse lioniburg, entered Lons le Sanlnier is
the 7th, after having defeated the enemy between 4trbuig and
Poligny; Marshal Augeran made his retreat on Bourg.
" The corps of General Bianchi advanced on the 7th from
Chalons on Macon, whipp yva, the same day occupied by the
advanced guard under tl'eneral Scheither. The enemy
abandoned the territory of Got, and retired on Fort Ecluse.
" A part of our garriion marched out oh the 9th, to advance
upon the point, which the French had occupied. The first
column, under Gen. Zeichineister, proceeded against Bonne-
ville, sending sonic detachments towards hit Roche, %Ina. and
Pontre, wherebY he coveri the river Arve. The other co
luinn has advanced into the territory of G;!x, from which the
French appear to have completely withdrawn.'
GENEVA, 13.—Travellers from Lyons
report, that Marsltal Augereau had returned thete
on the Bth, with the whole of his Staff, and that
on the following day he received reinforcements.
BaUSSELS, AlAtiCit 23.—The Duke of Saxe Wei-
mar has established his head-quarters at Doenylt,
and his army is encamped in the neighbourhood,
amounting to '2O or 25,000 men. Ile has under-
taken the siege of Maubeuge, which, it is expect-
ed, will surrtuder in a short time, His army is

compospl prineloally of the Land wear, gtl4 i! (9
be strengthened by further reinforcements.
The publications which have been is,oed in tl'e
name of Louis XVlll.'.have. been circuiattY
the armies of the Allies. of.
Baussime, Dliacn 26.—The- light troops
Marshal BLUCHER have entered Normandy, en"
occupy the great road between Paris and Rouen'

MAILS.
ARRIVSD—A Dublin, 2 Waterford.

Dur,-24 Gcttel3i4tlrgils

1 Holland, .1
Dublin, k Waterford

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS IMY Al TWELVE 0.C1.00 C.
Consols - 0-11 i I 'Omni tun .............

1%
HIGH WATER. AT u)NDON BRIDGE To-motuto -3,
Nforning„ 42 minutes atter 3.1 Evening*, tninkite, after •

iE SUN.

(JUI PICCItZ FALgIM. AlWrA.l'

LONDON,

mo. N-0.41; APRIL 4, 1814.

Yesterday morning a heavy firing waslicaruArt
cji
'or of the French Coast.—ln the present state
public feeling this circumstance has'occasiwied $
t
very considerable sensation. The cause hos lw
or
been .ascertained ; but it will. readily occur t° °
Readers that there may be many, not councelc
with rejoicing.

There is a strange report in circulation,. tilt,
BUONAPARTE WRS killed at Vitry; on the 256'.
We knortir nothing of it.

The London Gazette of Saturday, with its
plement, French Papers to the 2gth, ,
Papers to a late date, and Letters from vBri°ll:,
quarters, fill our columns with much impert°o
matter. Before, however, we proceed 'l/,
analysis-of these, we beg to state, from
and we' have no doubt authent;c, private into
gence, which we have.received, that the 3.`-
_,„iitoP
have actually entered- Lyons without oppu.-
The second City 'in France lias therefore beet
rescued from slavery ; a city too, Ivhich in P°10')0
of local situation is of greater importance 'I
even Paris. This event is stated to have '''kea
• tbe
place:on the- 22d ult. and Count BUBNA, SV't.l
Austrian force, to have been most favourably

ceived by Alit; inhabitants. itS
We learn also that. another CITY or N6`
France has hoisted the White Cockade 'lnd 1.01
" the Mob" only, but'
the. iohole Puoulatio, cloto
the exception of the OfEcers of OR' N`lti° of
Guard. From the unfortunate circurnsto'"
the seal of our letter being placed, most ifull'aPi:
pos, upon the name of, this plaCe, we are °lt
to gratify the public curiosity in that respect;
tioj
we can assure theni of the general fact'
that much importance is attached to this nc`v
o
rnonstration in favour of the Boußzoss
intelligent Correspondent.

5011j514

It is, we fear,. too true that Gem MAI-
reef
entered Ghent with 7000 men. In conseco%ceo
this, we are informed Sir Taos. GRAIIAM 13'15 vkiit'
forced to break up from his position before it-tor
werp, and retire.—lt is expected, however' der
in a day or two our brave and judicious Coolli°
e
will, if pressed, try his strength with the `l.pol
which prudence would forbid his doiligi It

urged to it by very special considerations. I
jog
The extraordinary Movements end great c'r „ice
of relative position of the hostile armies in :loy)
(which we announced on Friday and Same
01
set all CUljecture completely at defi"'3ce:lli
till further information is received on this
,011 J
important subject, any speculations Upon 'sok
be only calculated to mislead the LOlderst
Or'
ing. That BtroNAPARTE has attempted t° 00‘•
himself between Prince ScitwAaTzENßss° I:‘4
the Rhine is Pretty evident—that he l':"1-,e01'5
into the rear of the Allies is by n° flecof'
so clear. And ought bes:des to be rtit
lected, that these terms, of getting intar,ia'
rear of an enemy and cutting off his coll°.`trW
tions, arc merely relative,.and convertible ari!lf'
sore to either side. For example, if BLI°SA
has got into the rear of the Adios, ant inter C—pi
(partially, as Are have reasoa to belie" liej:
their intercourse with the Rhine, ;t °lll,ll
reverse the mode of wording
will find. thltt Prince Scuw,taTzENBTOG ,b%tre(
into the rear of the Prench,:and out otr their
course with Paris. lint we should rather
that neither of these events has taken Place' os'
great extent; for were the opposing b°stsitiej
the news, 31-5' eif
tamed, it would he impo,-sible to 03 "-
sense of the statements wbich assert tht die
peror of AUSTRIA had retired on Cbatiii"ibo je
that 20,000 111CTI lkad marched from Piiris to
.11
the army. The latter cannot be wig, if t
lies are between BUONAPARTE anti r'irisr;
if the former is correct, then is' 131)4974h rti‘
in front of the Adlies, and manceuvriog °ll
, CI) t
right wing, fur' hatillon is further 5'1:1 it'
even Langres, the utmost pnint to wino
51;,;,
said the French advanced posts bad bee° P •

to

va
.of
d "

tyll
0111,
llies

•
ijer

!of;
If

ouglit to retncirk, however, that this picture
‘itrkluld %nye reconcileable with the facts men-
ti:ried, if we sunpose, which is not improbable,
"PWCEREAU, leaving Lyons, as BUONAPARTF,
;LIS left Paris, to its fate, has pushed northward
f njon,'and put his out-posts (as noticed in one
tn, our' private letters) in cotnntimication with
''se of his Master. The letter to which we
3ve
alluded also affirms, that several of the Aus-
-I\an. magazines had been taken by the Enemy.
It' however, to dwell on circumstances at
Frei ever',
inexplicable, it Is most certain that these
rations have brought the campaign to a crisis,
~.11,11%t great and decisive battles must imme-
7Ttiy ensue. In the a‘yful suspense caused by
Itefiecti E .on,a Piper of yesterday, in a Second
• ,boil, published the following :
" Ro LOGNE, April 1, eight o'clock, P. M.
' "Tire t;
greatest alarm and consternation prevails here. Our
ullirtl*ldant has just ,•• ceived intelligence that a -battle was
I'4'4
Sat on the 95th between the EMIIII P 0 a and the Allies un-
SeStlvmtrzENtsmtc, at llricon, in the neighbourhood of
}:tiatunont, in WiliCh Me Were not swer,,sfizt.• The listrznoa
Imprd, by some masterly manerurres upon the flank and
(4- the Austtian rsrmv, to cound it to retreat. tie had
'the irtterina left Paris to its own resources of defence, and
tied upon it, Ileitis; covered by select corps which occupied
posrtions leading thereto.
tie 6e
on
e:rei
7ctnrti• gained 1:1c).battt,1:;:::151:11:t'lst. the
i scthlbee'dl t:2llsl:ufhot rhdatt:l:icenu;
the-
tnt,,;-'''r4l the army under tlre Prussian Commander BLuctica
'nce'l on Paris.
hitce:ekt:etllliey,t3iutide.,li‘il,c'reidt_e:,..the most alarmius accounts Prevlii:
and have been seen within ten miles
eapitall 'C''lristern-ation reigns there. Tlie corps
'''''ered it have beet: driven hack. The National Guard know
tv the character of Frencliinen, but they
° have
tried; md; and it is touch feared, that notwithstanding
::11e41Y-ri-ised f irt;t' cations, the enemy will attelapt, in a
dacs't9 enter Paris.
;01,,()4 caultr2tnicltion by several roads is no longer safe,
Cie Pcst.o;lis:e.,Nuric;s are contreiied to teke circuitous

Allies have re-occupied Soissons.
tc: 6%14 hAttLe of the 05th the enemy took 40 pieces of can-
11', the killed and. wounded on both sides was immense.
lie negociations at Chat have been broken off. The
tiokstnY required the fLilf.iment of the most exorbitant condi-
13Gn°thirlg less than the surrender' of all our fortresses.
Pon the above we shall only remark, that
le" is about'B miles south-west from Chau-
74ty Where
the French Papers say the advance
miles
army was, and not more than about 25
pit " s"tit from Doulevent, where these journals
tiaze the Tyrant's Head-quarters on the date as-
-10-11r6r this battle. There is nothing, there-
/ ."'Probable in the account thus circulated.
st Ti'itd Edition of THE 61IN of Saturday we
ate"' that we bad heard that BuoNAPAnTE's
1
11;41.quarters were on the 27th at Dienville;
ulso accords with the above, hut we are not
that .D:cnville was not mentioned to us
elltea4 of Douleveut. They are equi-distant from
i `pest
and Bricon, Dienville lying to the
of the latter, and on the Aube, whereas
b
9tilevent is between that river and the Marne.
All the
places named as occupied by BiIONAPABTE
41. e uPon the Marne, and thence towards the Aube,
1'
1P" which latter river, we take it for granted,
e Miles have manmuvred, while :heir adversary
tit
'Utile same up to the source of the Marne.

It
t 1' Said that MitssoN caused 52 of the inbabi
"of Ghent to he shot. if the Allies do not
retaliate, they are the murderers of these men,
114:4, 'l4 not. deserve the support of the people
culler in Prance or Flanders.

Tbere are again rumours of great disturbances
Itt par-
13' We should be surprizcd were it other-
Nrise

IIY the Latest accounts from Holland, the
ed, the
Paixce still continues to he passive.—
Ve bare heard that he ordered a Map of the
t".XtNGDon OF WESTPUNLIA to be made for
6
4
1111 at Co:ne. What did he want with the out-
er4l
c
°A a kingdom which is exploded from the
IllaP of Europe

Lord
COCII EANE does not go out to America in
Tunnant.—Captain SKEENE is appointed to
ne command, which he assumed at Portsmouth
On Saturday morning.

tae
Prcnch frigate whose destruction we an-
bounced on Saturday, was the Ui-anie.

The convoy for Nova Scotia, Newfoundland,
C. appointed to sail from Spitheid on the 10th,
and from Cork on the 15th instant.

Th.c Opposition tire anxious to get to their
dirty work again. They expect the whole papers
relative to the rupture of the Negociations to be
Laic; before Parlib.inent this evening!!

It was reported, that the rupture of the Nego-
el▪
ation at Chatillon would be the signal for the
open declaration in the South. of France in favour
of that Dynasty, and a system of revolution for
thiS .purpose had been adopted in the 70cpartments
South of the Loire. Much importance is attach-
.ed in all the communications to thcsc iusurree-
li▪
onary measures.
