HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Mr. BLACKBURN presented a petition from Rock
dale against any further concessions to the Catholics.

Mr: S. LUMLEY presented a petition from a parish in
Nottingham against the Small Note Art.
Colonel ELPHINSTONE presented a similar petition
from the borough of East Loo.

Mr. PERCEVAL presented a. similar petition from
Newport in the Isle of Wight.
Mr. WM. PEEL brought up a Report of the Commis-
missioners to enquire into public Charities.
Mr. W. PEEL also moved for an address to His Ma-
jesty for copies of the commissions appointed to inquire
into the practice of the superior Courts of Law, and into
the transfer of real property.
Mr. LYTTLETON presented petitions from Hadley
and West Bromwich against Negro slavery.
Mr. LYTTLETON also presented a petition from the
Iron Masters of Staffordshire, praying for the repeal of the
Act relative to One Pound Notes.

Mr. BENETT (of Wiltshire) presented a similar pe-
tition from the Farmers and Landed Proprietors in the
neighbourhood of Devizes.

A Message was brought from the lords, announcing
their Lordships' assent to several public and private Bills.
Mr. MARSHALL presented petitions from Halifax and
other places in-the county of York, against the continua-
tion of Negro Slavery in the West Indies.
Mr. PENDARVES presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of St. Agnes, in Cornwall, against the Small Note
Act.

Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented a petition front the
inhabitants of Chiffing, in the County of Kent, respecting
the employment of convicts on board the hulks.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said it must be allowed that some
evils attended the present system, but the convicts must
be supported at the expense of Government, and if so, they
ought surely, for the sake of economy, to be also employed.
If, on the other hand, they were to he employed, they must
also bo well fed. Indeed, it was a most economical pro-
ceeding to employ them for the labour was very severe upon
the public works; and would be very expensive if other hands
were engaged. . Independent of the economical motion,
he Leant to say that they ought to be employed, if it was
only to keep them out of mischief.
Mr. HUME said it might be worthy the attention of the
Right Hon. Gentleman to consider whether it would not be
better at once to send the convicts to New South \Vrtles.

__-
Mi. M. FITZGERALD thought that the whole sub-
ject ought to be inquired into; for it ingh► turn out that
the better course would be to remove the convicts at once
to a country where labour was in such demand, and where
it was so highly paid for.

Mr. BENETT said, that the persons condemned- to
the hulks were continually in the hope of being let of at
the expiration of V.-. 4) years, so that the benefit of the
punishment quite nugatory. He Lail himself seen a
letter from a convict, which expressed a hope of soon re-
turning to his friends, and therefore the punishment com-
pletely fails of its effect in deterring parties who might
otherwise be implicated in crime.
Lord LOWTIIER presented a petition from White-
haven against negro slavery.
Lord PALMERSTON presented a petitton from a gen-
tlentau named Perry, in Shenffield in Essex, complaining
of a regulation adopted with respect to persons taking holy
orders, pad which regulation was a violation of the 6th
Edward VI.

Lord PALMERSTON presented a petition from the
Chancellor, Master, and Scholars of the I ruiversity of Cam-
bridge, against Negro Slavery. He agreed entirely with
the prayer of the petition, and expressed a hope that the
expectations excited in the minds of the abolitionists of
slavery by the Acts of the British Legislature would not be
defeated by the Colonial legislatures.

Sir R. GORDON expressee his regreat that that the
Noble Lord should so soon after having gone out of otfice,
have presented this petition, as he thought the feelings of
the petitioners war not re-echoed by this House. He
had intanded to bring the subject of Negro &I-very regu-
larly before the House, and had before the doiidays given
notice to that effect, but the receut change in the
Colonial Department rendered that course unneces-
sary, as he thought the gallant General lately appointed to
the office of Colonial Secretary would view the question of
West India Slavery as a man of sense, and would not for the
purpose of gaining an ephemeral popularity, give way to
the prejudices of individuals, who know nothing of the
subject.

Lord PALMERSTON—Notwithstaeding what had
fallen from the Hon. Baronet, he would again repeat that
he was pseud of having expressed his entire concurrence in
the prayer of the petition.
Mi. SPRING RICE thought the Hon. Baronet had
no right to complain; as he had himself, by withdrawing
his notice of motion,' deprivsl the House of an opportunity
of discussing the question at length : he entirely concurred
in the prayer of the petition, and ha trusted that the time
would never arrive when the people of Euglaed would be
