POETRY.

LOVE SONG, BY A STOCK BROKER.
et Amy,. post
The Stock of my Spirits, once brilliant and bright,
Is three per cent lower than yesterday night ;
For Chloe, like Rothschild, (I pray you, don't laugh)
Has sunk my heart's fund down to three and a half;
The Mexican bonds tan no more my soul move,
l'en fetter'd instead in the bonds of my love;
I pace a rich Broker no longer on Change,
I'm broken for all but for Cupid's -Exchange ;
B'en the Bank of my health has of late had a run,
And my wits have atopp'd payment like Witworth and Solt
Oh Chloe ! thy firm should be tacked to my own,
And firmer 'twoold thrive than if both stood alone ;
For let us, my girl, but do business together,
And we'll ride thro' the mercantile storms of this weather
The Banks, like the mml,bonhe of Holland, may shake,
And-the omit of ruin o'er Lombard-street break ;
The Consols of ChM nut), make people chilly,
And *illy besides as the islands of Scilly ;
We'll bill and coo on, turning love to account,
That best of all bine, with the 'west discount.
Then answer this note, set my spirits at ease,
(Anti pay for the postage, sweet girl, if you please)
For my mind, below par, by its recent attacks,
Is as heavy to raise as the Property Tax,
And loop, a disconsolate bankrupt, to know,
"Es joined to the rich Firm of Hymen and Co.

MANNERS.--- I
Peraals of enlightened understand-
ing, whatever be their rank, know very well, that
real greatness is best displayed by affability and con-
descension. An Italian physician, who
humanknew
e o a t
-
nature well, an
dhad travelled nuiichi lbe called t
, agnavaecetohmispalid;iiectei
to a young practitioner :
tend a man of real high birth, with
mind, throw thyself into the best chair, and make
thyself at home with him ; but, if the summons be to
a new-made dignitary_4o one who has lately acquired
wealth, or to a tradesman who has retired from busi-
ness,---stand till lie bids thee sit, and then take the
humblest seat that Ara,

A file of El Colombian° to the 20th April was yesterday re-
ceived, from which we make the following extracts as regarding
the above loans
" The British packet which was due a fortnight since, arrived
at La Guayra ou Monday last, having been detained in the
British Channel some weeks by contrary winds. By this oppor-
tunity we have received European journals to the 25th February.
—They contain the important and distressing intelligence of the
failure of the eminent house of Messrs. 13. A. Cluldichinitit and
Co."
The paper then proceeds to extract the particulars of that event,
as related in the London Journals, and also of the subsequent
death of Mr. Goldschmidt, after which it has the following re-
marks :
"If any stimulus were necessary to rouse us to a painful sense
of our financial situation, it would be found in this event, its
causer and its consequences. How mortified—how utterly with-
out excuse are we, in the reflection, that we alone, of all the
South American States, have not remitted one dollar to Englyttl,
to pay the interest of our hone—that we have borrowed in a
more than others, and paid less. lf, on casting our eyes ATOUtlii
us, we could behold in our internal affluence stime relief to this
picture, some counterpoise to our embarrassments abroad, we
should be in part satisfied ; but it is not tio"-our financial difficul-
ties being even greater within than without the Republic, since at
,this very hour we seek, and seek in vain, for foreign aid' to dis-
charge our home debts.
"If asked in what consists this alarming state of things, We
reply unhesitatingly, in our disproportionate military establish
ment, which at once demoralirks the country and doubles its ex-
penditure. • Some further cause, indeed, may be found in the dia..'
organization of our revenue and custom laws, and still more in
their slovenly observance; but these are almost too glaring to be
mistaken, and too vicious to be defended, whilst our overgrown
military establishments are, in spite of our better judgment, dear
to our prejudices, our ambition, and otelf-love.
" We can never be too often reminded ,of the memorable state-
ment of the Secretary of the Treasury, that with a revenue 'it
6,186,725 dollars, our army and navy alone cost us last year
11,794,590 dollars.
" Let our readers turn to the Treasury anti Custom-house Re•
turns for Febuary last, and they will find that of the sum of
49,508 dollars which entered the Caraccas treasury in that month,
87,984 dollars were disbursed firr the military of the department,
and we know that even this sum has been exceeded to other
months. Of the eleven millions and a half thus consumed in the
last year, one-half remitted to England would have placed us in a
commanding attitude as respects our finances in the European.
market. A new Loan might have been negociated on advantageona
terms, the pledges of our. good faith given by our friends and
agents in Europe—men who have staked their characters, fortunes,
and repose on our punctuality, would have been redeemed ; and
if the extracts from the London Journals may be relied on, even
the overwhelming misfortunes and death of Mr., Goldachmidt
might have been averted.
" Whatever, however, may be the cause of the financial evils
which encompass us, whether we are right or wrong in tracing
them in an essential degree to our expensive military establish-
limits, the evil confessedly exists, and to such an alarming ex-
tent, that if not remedied, nothing can save ur from diacredit
abroad and insolvency at ,We are more
.than ever called
npon to apply a radical cure ur the evil, inatooth'h as further
palliatives are not in our power. We can calculate on no fo-
reign 'aid at this moment—it is out of the question, and es-en
eventually nothing can so certainly squire it for us as the int. 7
provement of our revenue, and an expenditure commensurate
therewith."

Accounts have been received front Bogota, or the 19th March,
At the meeting of Congress on the I:ath, Bolivar had hi..ett re•
elected President of the Republic, and Santander Vice-Preeideut

. -
The executive had nominated Colonel Leandre Palacio, Envoy
Extraordinary aml Minister Plenipotentiary to the Com:t of Bl'A.
:0, and S. Alexandro Vele. to ancenel him a* Consul-General o 1
the United States. . .

• The (luesla de Colombia stated that. 4 law passed Congress,
decreeing that all deb's contracted by the Republic in behalf of
the Pet %idiot war should ha paid with the first foreign funds ie-
ceived. On this article there it this following email We really
do not understand on what principl, this distinction he made,
why debts last contracted should be first paid--debts contracted fn.
a Peruvian war—whilst those contracted in behalf of Colombrrio
independence remain unpaid."

AFFAIRS OF GREECE.

(From the Frrueh Papers).

The President of the General Assembly of the Nation has pub-
lished the following • • •
The Greek nation wished to see the period arrive when her
Plenipotentiaries, the representatives of the Ifelleuie people, con-
voked in a general aid national assembly, should begin to occupy
themselves with its great interests. This was the sole object of the
national aisetnbly convokaat Epidanyui on the 18th of the pre-
sent month-of April.
Scarcely, however, had its labonva commenced on the basis of
a representative constitution, as will appear from its acts a when
the peril of Alissolonghi, and the new preparations both by land
and sea on the part of the enemy, called its attention to mare
pressing objetts. At a moment when a ferocious tyrant was
threatening complete destruction to the Oteek nation, it was nei
ther useful nor possible for the assembly to engage in matters
which required tranquillity of mind and long and sellout delibeta-
tkm. The safety of the Greek people, the basis of its political
existence, must have attracted, as in effect it did, the entire atten-
tion of the National Assembly, which,- adjourning its constitu-
tionnl labours, hastened to put in action the Moral and civil forces
of the nation with the greatest possible rapidity, in order to ward
off the pending danger.
It then became imperative to concentrate all the forces of the
Government into a Committee, and to organise it in the most
simple manner, after the example of other nations under similar
circumstances.

Consequently it was judged necessary, and so decreed by the
national assembly, that the administration of the military and
civil affairs of Greece should be provisionally intrusted to P.
Alavromichal, A. Zaimi, A. Diligieni, G. Sissini, Spiridion Tri-
cupi, Andrea law, Jean Nava, Demetrius Zamados, Andrea Kat.
111, Anurgero, Anagnosti Atonarchi, anti Panagotti Dimitraco-
pelts ; who shall compose this Committee. Their experience and
&inners,' and the proofs of attachment and patriotism which they
gave the nation, are the strongest guarantees of their capability to
hold the helm of the state in circumstances litre those under which
we now find ourselves. The ditties of this commission will cont.
melee from this day, and continue till the month of September
next, when the representatives, again convoked, shall resume
their labours, conformably to the present comitititution of Greece.
The National Assembly moreover decrees and creates a Coto-
mittee of 13 members from its own body, nosier the title of
" Committee of the Assembly;" and consisting of Germano,
~Airac,hAbilsiahsonpoest4f Pastas ;
iiPtioarr
Ihyulaslts, Asiroctlothiliz ofci .Aortaariotro., N.spol.-
i Ann Calogeropulo, G. Erman, Jlaail Badusi, N. *Herrin*, E.
Zeno, and Nicolas ; whose duty it will be to convoke the
representatives to the National Assembly at the period ordained by
decree 6, and to execute by external mean* every thing it me),
deem conducive to the well-being of the nation.
Hellenists,iiea fletyy,ouaroldeghiativminagte Representatives,this
sl
oect only iu vwi
thwtimy horseou
thavev
given your free votes, regarding as sacred the duty of watching
over
every thing which present circumstances inspire, and whirl, the
time permits to be dune. It is, therefore, your 'sacred duty to
obey the established Government, to execute its orders promptly,
to co-operate with all your moral and physical strength in the
grand object fir which, during six years, we are sustaining a
awGl7perlecylptTlifig,ualgOedeloseeiwtlits:FtshvutihlthniegogeifrbstoilatBwry:biloleleurrnoto:ufverselel;rilaidlegapytn)iimaanitpiline.lL:ygeorYusPe:rucov)fiilgwicoegis:.yolorisisealtayreomottuffgruiss)illti%'i'liiirt:;lottif
iribedra7ouffeill.is 710111 Yr totteringgiretlttlAtitleoltuPSlll:
the atrocious enemy
atazebriter,sirituulvallsolti:strebyryicauh,r
try. The struggle is common to you nil, let your efforts be
equally so; the same destiny Awaits us all should we yield now at
the termination of our toils.
Hohnitte ! on entering into this great circus we proclaimed:
in, the sight of the albpowerful God, anti before all men, our firm
OL**.' "" V°4rMed by our **ma
,oaths • we have

The Representatives of the different Provinces of Greeety„ as-
sembled at Epidaurus, and legally and regularly convened in the
third National Assembly, having adopted plane tending to pro-
mote the interest. of the people, and unanimously decided upon
that which present circumstenceir demand, and upon the necessary
mode of carrying their decisions. into execution, previous to the
prorogation of their labours, as ordained by the decree No. 4, of-
fer in the.firin place to the throne of the Moat High, humbly and
submissively, the tribute of the most sincere and heartfelt thanks
of the Greek nation, which devoutly trusts in him, and which,
although he in his wisdom. has submitted it to bitter trials, lit has
not for a moment forsaken, during the course of 41 long and ar•
duona straggle, lint has looked down upon it from on high, and
evinced to it his divine power and the glory of his veered name.
Having, from the depths of their hearts, performed the duty of
testifying their gratitude towards the Omnipotent Providence, they
proclaim in the name of the Greek nation, its unanimous'arann-
divided determination to live anti die amidst all the choices of war,
in firm adherence to the holy precepts of the Christian religion, in
defence of which:they have-abed torrents of blood and tears on the
face of their• country ; and that they trill unceasingly struggle to
-deliver •Greece, Which a long despotism has polluted anti *bindweed,
and which barbarism has profaned.
The (heck nation hopes that its heroic devotion and .its bril-
liant deeds, in the midst of the most depressing trial*, wilt have
proved to the Potentates of Christendom, that which at the be-
ginning of contest, they by discourses and invocation•
to express,—namely, that the Greek nation did not take up Wits
to establish - its political existence on revoletionery principles,
which monarchical Europe cannot Admit of, or to appropriate to
itself a foreign country, or to tidied other nations; hut to deli-
ver itself front that which is by some wrongly denoininined Turk-
ish legitimacy, which the Greek nation never acknowledged, and
which the Porte itself never imagined that it possessed. The
Greek nation did not arm itself to violate its oaths or to transgress
its duty and tibligetione; for ►t never swine fealty to the Sultan.
as his captive slave, nor did the Suiten ever cruet us a master, •
those walls by furor or violence.; nor do the i lelleniste fight to sub-
vert those institutions which have social order ha- their Laic; for
it is notorious that they had no institutions tar laws but the word
of the Sultan. The Greek nation in taking tap and reteining
flair arms, sought and still seek the glory of the Christian statue,
which was, tngether with its clergy, persecuted and contemned.
It seeks the perfect independence of the land of its ancestors, of
whirl, violence and force alone deprived it. It seeks freedom and
a political existence, of which it has been despoiled : iti a Word,
it wishes to avoid, subjection to any nation whatever.
These are the objects for which the Greek nation combats; fur
these alone it sates, , placidly end without yielding, its cities and
its villages deluged with bloods its country mule a desert, thou-
wide of • its members. dragged to -slaughter, thousands into
slavery and debasement; :for these alone, with a firm dtetertuina-
lien, it has dared to prefer the loss of int most valued ridatiens to
a relapse into the power of 'Turkish tyranny.

The repressutatiVes of the Greek nation consider it their duty to
proclaim these things openly to that who are attached to the tome
of Christ, and whose hearts beat responsive to the generous *anti-
meats and the unchangeable resolution of the Greek people. They
entertain a fervent hope that the Monarchs of Europe, who exer-
cise dominion under Christ, convinced of the equity and justice of
their mutest will, in this appalling hour, cast an eye of pity mien
unfortunate nation, whose sufferings arise from its professing and
maintaining a similar creed as themselves.
The representatives of Greece proclaim aloud the above in far.,
Of (Ind and man, and in relinquishing their labours as nirurhers• of
the national assembly until next September, they offer up their
supplicetion with confident hopes and humble prayers to the throne
of the Almighty, and solicit his omnipotent benevolent* to look
with en eye of mercy on the dangers of his creatures, and to *hod
the rich diligence of his clemency on the Gresik nation, which con-
siders hint as its only hope, its sole refuge. and last resource.
The President of the Assembly,
(L. S.) PANUTZOS NOTARAS.
Given at Epidaurus, April 16th (nth).
The Secretary-General,
A. PAPADOPULOS.

STJPPOSED EPITAPH ON FALSTAFF.
BY PUINCE 11AL.
Hark ! bark! 'tie the death-warrant's toll !
Poor FalStalf is gone, like a noddy
Let Satan fly off with his soul,
And send a cart for his body.

Lieutenant John Wise, R.N. now stationed at
Herne 13ay, seized, on the 30th ult. Edward Mount,
Thomas Mount,
James Mount, and the three
daughters of Edward Mount, resittins at Hampton
Hill, near }Jerrie, with one boat and eighteen tubs of
spirits. E. Mount convicted in the penalty of 100?.,
p. Mount, and James Mount, sent to sea fir five
years. While the eldest daughter was walking
from the noat, with a basket on her arms, shit
was desired by the Lieutenant to stop, which request,
after a little hesitation, and a declaration that she had
nothing in his line in the basket, she complied with ;
anti standing her basket on the beach, the Lieutenant,
in the act 'of stooping to examine the contents, re-
ceived such a tremendous blow from her fist, that he
staggered and fell down, his pistol falling some dis-
tance from him. Miss Mount inunedietely seized
the basket, anti scampering off, math a successful
retreat.

A SCIENTIFIC SWINDLER.----A oenileman of this
professitni
Passing some days ago down Bond-street,
observed a street door open ; in he went, walked up
stairs, and entering the first vacant apartment, (which
happened to be a bed-room), exercised his calling on the
mattress, sheets, and blankets. Unluckily, on descend-
ing with his booty, his foot slipped, and the noise
brought out tint master of the bowie. -1$ this
N". 24?" said the rogue, with indititv ,cattglroid.
" No, Sir, 93." i° Thank )Yale" leplicil the other,
" I have brought home the hethihig which was pur-
chased this morning at MI Auction by the gentlettlart
who resides at 94; but pi 1 have come to the wrong
house, I should feel ohligthi if you would help me out
'with ~a '' Tht. gentleman willingly corn-
pliedabram tub 10. . . . . . ,
; nor dui he distanct untd night that he had
actually wodsted in rubbing himself---" After all," say.,
Rabeis,„. .- there is nothing like a genius, even in
roguery,
