,
pr-1,74, -77 114
r :Pe-4j
.

ill
. ::‘;'';'• • 7:7". -~r -4,
. ~-
.1!,• 1004
'T
1 OF

L)T 9- )
TUL DA V, s EAILE lbl4.

PARIS.-FROM MONTMARTRE.

VIEW of PARIS, and surrounding Conn-
try, is now' rAIt.KER's PANO-
RAMA, Strand, near Snerev-street, taken last when
that City was in the possessiVii of the Allies ; aiso the BAT-
TLE of CORUNNA, under Sir John 11:loofe and Marshal
Souk.

NEW PIANO-FOI4E DUETTS, &c: •
•
ri RAND OVERTURE to ANACIIT4GN; ar-
-4.31 ranged for two Performers on the Praimforte, with ac-
companiments for flute, Violimcello, and llarp, by J. Mitz-
zinghi, price 55.; wiihant accompaniments, Sonata for
two Performers on the Piano:Orte, bv P. Wineberger, price
3s. Pastorale from Steihelt's celebratea Storm Concerto, ar-
ranged for Performers on the Pianoforte, 6d: New
edition of a favourite' Grand Duett, for two"Pt•rfortners on the
Pianoforte, by Mozart, price ss. Lc Souvenir, a second fa-
vourite .Duett, fur two Performers on the Pianoforte, in which
• is introduced Mr.Braluini's favouritl :Min; " Forget me' not,"
by W. Callender, price 4s. .Gratid Jubilee, a Divertimento,
iu - counnemoration of flu: glorious Peace, for the Pianoforte
and Harp, lnv P. itosulli, price 55.; Pianoforte :is. 6'd.
The Koyal Nannutchis, a (;rand Dramatic Diverti,ement
the'Phnioforte4 • descriptive of the Royal---Nationril Ly
M. P. King, price :is. Gd.
Lyndon : Published by Gouhlinz,,D'Alur tine, Putter, arid
Co. Rio,-30, Soho-square; and 7,Westmoreland-street, Dublin.

NEW EDITION OF THE PICTURE OF LONDON'.'
This Day was published,
Price 6s; 6d. bound in red, the Sixteenth Edition, revised-
and corrected throughout, of
)1--IE PICTURE of LONDON • chip: R cor-
reef Guide to ail the Curiosities, Amusements; Exhibi-
tions, Public Establisaments, and Remarkable o,,jects, in
and near London ; with a Collect na of appropriate Thbles,
two large Maps, and various other Engravings. •
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, orine„ood Brown; Pa-
2-11,_*ter-tow.

Of Whom may be had,
A Guide to all the Watering- and Seft_Bathi Places, in
!2n,0. with plat-s; price 13s. boards, or 16s. hound in red.

MANTA'S PARIS.
Just published,
Price Gs. 6d. bound, with neps, Plans, Bie.

N DLANIA'S NEW PICTURE of PARIS ;
Ni -.v Edition, Enlarged and Itliproved. •
Also, PLANIA'S GAZETTEER OF-FRANCE, 4s. boards,
55. bound.
N. B. Thre Picture of Paris and Gaieteer, bound together,
price Vic, aid:

'l'o TRAVELLERS O THE CONT:t\i'ENr.
.112,..trpublished, price Rs..neat:y hou.ci,
THE Pail' -ROADS IN FRANCE, with the Routes
which conduct to the Principal Cities iii Europe, being a
Translatitiii of the " Etat des Postes,",pnalished by 4u-
thotity. .
Lo'acion t Printed for Samuel Leith, is, Strand, and sold
by the lioolisellers iu 'Town' and CQuntry.

DEPTFORD 1=7C7'17,11,111NG-YARD, Sept. 2G, 1.'3'44.
Ii BSI: are to give Notice, that on Thursday, the
OPE, of OiforJer next, at Ten o'clock in the Forenoon, will
be c.vposed to P17,111,10' &ILE, at his ilfajo.ty'.s` Victual-
link-Yard, Deptford, raenta Thaws !?•.l M:62 4:,f damaged
MEAD, "wkiel4 will be.va:'ap .;,Sixtrßeg.s. rack
and also Itaalry LotN tinservi,:eit,:,:e BEEF, -PQRK,

The proceedings in the Sitprerne Cowl of Ma-
dras against Archibald Douglas, EST and Thomas
Gaintgan, Esq. of the Cicll Servic,:, end Lieut.
Francis Carnac Brown, of his Majesty's 80th R-
egiment, havingterminoted on 'Pth•sday last, we
shall now endeavoureto lay before our Readers
the circt4instances of the unpleasant transaction,
which led to the prosecution of the. defendants.
It appeared, from the allidavits filed and read,
and from itifornatimis exhihited in
the. Court, that Thomas Harvey Baleen
•Judge and Magistrate of the Zillah, of .Nnrth Ma-
labar, had. as '.such, received _information in the
early part of 1812, that many free-horn cloidren,
natives of Travancore, were in slavery within that
Zillah ; that he took the necessary means to as-
certain whetier the information was well found-
ed ; that in consequence, many cloildven, who
had been improperly obtained in the Travancorr
Country, were discovered in actual slavery,n libe-
rated and restored to their country. .Th,tt having
finished his proceedingS, Mr. Bah'er made an offi-
cial report of the same to the Madras Govern-
ment; that. some months afterwards it was sug-
gested to Mr. /Saber, by some of his friends; that
his conduct as a Magistrate respecting the clod-
dren and shoves so liberated had been canvassed,
and by some condemned--and, that in particular,
rumours had been circulated at Tdicherry, and is
the neighbourhood, by Mr. :Murdoch Brown, (the
father of the defendant, \Lieutenant Bro•vn), by
the defendant, Mr. Douglas, and by Others, pre-
judicial to Mr. Baker's character as a magistrate ;
and that Mr. Babel-, to defend. himself against these
rumours, skewed to sorncl of his particular friends,
within the Zillah,' a copy of his official report ato,
Government, touching the liberation of the'chil•
dren.
It also appeared, that in October, 1812, Lien!.
Brown hiving made a visit to Tellieherry; healnl
a report connected with the magisterial proceed-
ing before alluded to, which lie considered injon-
rious to the character of his fat her,' and wide!) as
he beli‘•ed he had traced to Mr. Baber ; thattopion
this, he consulted with his.. friend, Air. Douglas,
as to the means of obtaining from Mr—Bober a
contradictiou of the- (offensive repontn- lurd.-pro-
posed to call on-Mr. Riber for that purpose ;' that
'Mon Douglas, who, in appears, had been for smite
time On' very had terms with'. Mr. -Babe.r, endea-
voured to dissuade Mr. frown from .rnaking his
projected visit to Mr Baiter, but withOittsetfeet ;
that, unknown to Mr. Douglas, and against his
advice, Mr. Brown .lead 'called at Mr.. Bailer's
house, but that not finding him at home, Mr.
Brown had informed iris friend, Mr. Douglas, of
the step that he had taken, when Mr. Douglas:, as
appeared by his affidavit, had exprefssed great con-
cern that Mr. Brown bad so acted. It further
anneared, however, that as Mr: Brown persisted
in his determination to call on Mr. Babel.; Mr.
Douglas at length gave way, and promised to as-
sist Mr. Brown in obtaining from Mr. Baber the
means of contradicting the report, supp(Bed to
have originated with him, injurious to Mr. Mur-
doch Brown.
It further appeared, that on the 9th of October,
1812, while Mr. Baber was sittim,e in his own
house, attended by several Native Officers of his
Court, and in the act of translating certain depo-
sitions of witnesses, that Lieut. Brown went in a
Tellicherry chair or pelankeen to Mr. Babel's re-
sidence, and that, without cedsing himself to be
announced in any Manner, Lieut. Brown entered
the house and the apartment iu which Mr. Baber
was so sitting, and in an offensive manner, whh.
his hat on his lien d, and ,with a horse-whip ins
his hand, • dem.aaded that Mr. Baber sbouild send
away the people then in attendance on hiM ; that
Mr. Biber, refused to comply with this demand,
whereupon Lieut. Brown, " in vehement inn-
uage, told M. Bebcr, that he had come to de-
mand private satisfaction for a report said to have
originated with Min Babel., to the prejudice of
Lieut. Brown's. father." That Mr. Babel. de-
clared, ," that the report alluded to by Lieut.
Brown did not origin4tc with him, and that !n:
din! not believe that such a report was in circula,
Th.g Lieutenant Brown nevertheless-.in-
sisted " that Mr. Babel• should give a written de-
claration that the report was false, or give Lien-
tenant 13rown. other satisfaction," That Mr.:Bag,
her replied, " he woulu never hold h'irusdf ac-
countable to any individual for reports arising
out of, or connected with, hisiudieial acts ; that
his proceedings relating to the Travancore chi!.
then were public, and had been reported to the
Government ; and that parties aggrieved might
appeal against his official acts." That inleatenant
Brown, aft e r imputing to Mr Bother ;,„, ifs, against
M /BMW , %Ville!) Mr. Babe'. denied, d..clared,
" that he would'not be put off, but would 'have
the writing or other satisfactinn," whirl) being
again lefused by Mr. Baber, Lieutenant Brown
told Mr. Babel' " that he should hear further front
.nnd after using tine (offensive expression
" damn };011," left Mn. Basher's house,
It likewise appeared, from the proceeding that
a short time after- Lieut. Brown had thus. quitted
Mr. Babel., Mr. Douglas (whose office for trona-
acting busincis was stated to be- the next door
hint one to Mr. Bother's residence) entered! Mr
Baher's house, in a manner very similar to that
which has been ascribed to Lieut. Brown ; rant
that, with a stick in his hand and his hat oft IOiS
head, Mr. Douglai; stated to. Mr. Babel. " that Inc
(Mn.. Douglas) hail sontetlaing privately to say to
him.” That Mr. Baber, for • reasims w-hich he
saitl Mr. Donglis must have been aware of, re--
fused to hold air'' personal communication wide
Mr Douglas ; whereupon Mr. Douglas, in a lie-
roatnng tone, told Mr. Baiter, " that he bad come
dcii and of Baber to meet and fight with
Brown ; and that But= did no:
