EAST INDIA-HOUSE.

A Special General Court of East India Proprietors was held
at the Company's House in Leadenhall-street yesterday, for the
purpose of having laid before them the draft of a proposed Bill
now before Parliament, " for continuing. so much of the pro-
visions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, as
relates to the importation of sugar from the East Indies, and '
the duties payable thereon, from the expiration thereof, for
one year."
The CHAIRMAN wished to inform the Court, that the Di-
rectors perceiving, from what had passed on a former discus-
sion of this subject, that it deeply interested many of the Pro-
prietors, felt that they would not discharge their duty if they '
abstained from giving them this formal notice. However, as
a Committee of the House of Commons would investigate the
whole subject of the sugar duties, they would of course come to
no decision to-day; but they felt themselves bound to sum-
mon the Court for the purpose of its being informed of what
was going forward.
Mr. Nlacm.] LEY then brought forward a motion, which he
said he should submit with a view that the matter might under-
go a clear and luminous exposition. He was quite sensible
how fully an honourable proprietor (not now present) had re-
deemed the pledge he had given, in devoting the most uninter-
mitting attention to the subject; and the thanks of the Com-
pany were dueio him and to an honourable Director, who was
also a Member of the House of Commons, for vindicating the
right of British India to the equal protection of this country
with all the other British possessions. The Hon. Proprietor
concluded by moving that the Court of Directors be requested
to investigate all the circumstances connected with the culture
of sugar in the East Indies, and inquire into the causes which
led to the obstruction of -its consumption in the United King-
dom, and that they would report their opinion thereon to the
Court at as early a period as possible.
Mr. TRANT seconded the motion, and took that opportunity
of calling the attention of the Court to a report of a speech of
an Hon. Member of the House of Commons, which appeared
in the papers on the 13th instant, but particularly in The
Times_, in which that Hon. Member was represented as having
said that the cultivation of sugar was not the growth of free
labour ; and that no where could be found a more degraded
slavery than that which attached to that class in India. He
(Mr. Trent) denied altogether that this was the fact. The.
Hon. Proprietor then read extracts from a letter from Mr. Har-
rington, one of the Company's authorities in India, and from
Mr. Colbrook's work on the husbandry of Bengal, to show
that the system of slavery there was extremely moderate, re-
sembling more an adoption of children than any thing else.
Instances sometimes occurred of girls having been sold for the
purpose of prostitution, but every exertion had been made to
abolish that practice, and regulations entered into that all fe-
males confined under such circumstances should be instantly
released. He felt himself bound to contradict this statement
for the purpose of counteracting the injurious impression which
such an assertion must naturally make upon the public mind.
Mr. MoNEY said he had been present in the House of Com-
mons when the speech referred to was made, and he assured
the Hon. Proprietor, that it was exaggerated in the newspaper ;
at the same time he admitted that some statements contained in
that speech were altogether unfounded. What the Honourable
Member said was, that though they spoke of sugar being cul-
tivated in the East Indies by free labour, there was no place
where a severer despotism was exercised. Such an assertion was
not at all warranted by fact.
Mr. MACAULEY said that the same Hon Member had last
year, in the House of Commons, made the same unfounded
assertion.
Mr. Drxore said he was never disposed to question the li-
berty of speech in any man, because he always exercised it
himself; but lie really thought the Hon. Gentlemen were wan.'
dering from the question now before them. If an erroneous
statement went forth to the public through the medium of a
newspaper, the same channel of communication was open to
every man in the country to contradict it. He often heard that
an argument sometimes proved too much, and he really thought
that the speech of the Honourable Proprietor opposite (Mr.
Trant) contained an instance of it ; for he denied that slavery
existed at all, whilst he admitted that females were sometimes
sold for the purposes of prostitution—the vilest species of sla-
very ! The subject before the Court was the Bill at present
before Parliament, and to that he thought the Hon. Proprie-
tors should confine themselves. He contended that the intro-
duction of East India sugar into the market would ruin the
West India trade. The Hon. Proprietor then complained of
some expressions used by Mr. Edmondstone on a former
occasion, when he spoke of the dissatisfaction of the Company's
subjects in India, and said, if their welfare were not more
attended to, they might probably be induced at last to right
themselves.
Mr. GnANT denied that there existed dissatisfaction amongst
the great body of the natives of India. That which was al-
luded to merely referred to the children born of native women,
and begotten by European men. He then called the attention
of the Court to the real question before them—namely, what
was due from this country to its Indian territory.
Mr. TUCKER said that if they were given to pursuing un-
just policy towards their subjects in India, they must expect
dissatisfaction. The present measure, he contended, although
but to exist for one year, had an injurious tendency. It was
founded on erroneous policy, and was unfair and unjust towards
very extensive interests. He hoped they should find a disposi-
tion on the part of the Parliament to listen to their representa-
tions in the next session ; it was too late to offer any in the
present.
The CHAIRMAN observed, that the Court seemed to be all
of the same opinion upon the subject. There was every dispo-
sition on that side of the bar to act up to the wishes of the pro-
prietors. It was better, therefore, to bring this discussion to a
close, lest subjects might be again touched upon which were
better let alone.
The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

CRIM. CON.
Bow-STREET.— Mrs. Elizabeth Flight, a comely looking
woman, apparently about 45 years of age, presented herself be-
fore Sir R. Bins; IE on Thursday, and applied for a warrant
to apprehend her husband, who keeps the Bull Inn, in Totten-
ham Court-road, for assaulting her and turning her out of her
own home.
She stated that she had been married for many years to Mr.
Flight, who was now in a state of affluence, to which he had
risen chiefly by her exertions and her careful and attentive
conduct. On the 14th of December last, there having been
previously much unfortunate disagreement, she was from
home in the evening, and he happening to meet her in the
street, insulted and cruelly ill-treated her, and finally gave
her in charge to a watchman. She was locked in the
watch-house all night, and taken before a Magistrate in
the morning, but Mr. Flight did not venture to prefer any
charge against her, and she was set at liberty. After such
treatment she could not think of returning to her home, and
therefore went to her brother's, at whose house she had re-
mained ever since, but he was now no longer either able or
willing to support her. Repeated overtures had been made to
Mr. Flight to come to some arrangement, but they were scorn-
fully rejected, and he positively refused to allow a shilling for
her maintenance, unless he should be compelled by law to do
so. In this dilemma she sought the advice of a professional
man, who recommended her to go home and try if Mr. Flight
would suffer her to remain there; if he forcibly turned her out,
she would have an opportunity of seeking redress, and mat-
ters would be brought to an issue. Acting upon this advice,
she went to her home on Wednesday, at an early hour in the
morning, accompanied by her brother and sister. When Mr.
Flight saw her he, as usual, got into a violent passion, and
conducted himself like a madman. He called in his neigh-
bours; rapped at the window, and called to the passengers
in the street, at the same time pointing to her and pilling her'
the vilest names. He continued this violence for several hours,
during which the house was surrounded by at least 500 per-
sons, and the whole neighbourhood was in an uproar. At
eleven at night he called in two constables, who, by his orders,
thrust her with brutal force into the street. This was the as-
sault she complained of.
Sir R. BIRNIE said, he doubted whether this amounted to
an assault on the part of her husband, and advised her once
more to go home,_ and if he or any person laid a hand upon her
to turn her out, he would grant a warrant.
Mrs. Flight returned in the evening with her friends, arid
stated, that when she went to her husband's house, she was
seized by his sister by the shoulders and forcibly thrust out.
A warrant was issued, and Mrs. Mary Anne Etheridge, the
sister of Mr. Flight, was brought before the Magistrate.
In answer to the charge preferred by Mrs. Flight, she stated
that she acted under the direction of her brother. She was
keeping his house, and he desired her, if Mrs. Flight sheaved
herself there in his absence, that she would turn her out, and she
had done so, but in as gentle a manner as possible.
Sir R. BinNIE said there was something in the back-ground,
and begged it might be explained.
Mrs. Etheridge said, Mrs. Flight quitted her home in Decem-
ber last under very disgraceful circumstances, and had never re-
turned until Wednesday. She and Mr. Flight had been married
for many years : she was the mother of three beautiful children ;
and without any previous occurrence to excite the slightest sus-
picion of her fidelity, he saw her one evening as he was passing
accidentally through Castle-street, Soho, issue from a notorious_
brothel, leaning on the arm of a Gentleman. In a moment of
irritation, which the Worthy Magistrate must, under such cir-
cumstances, think perfectly natural, he seized them both, and
charged the watch with them, and subsequently an action was
commenced, whicl. was still pending.
While this narration was going on Mrs. Flight stood leaning
on the Magistrates' table, and apparently listened with the most
perfect indifference. She made no reply.
Mr. Flight at this moment entered the office in a state of
great agitation, and a long conversation ensued, in the course
of which the parties indulged in a great deal of recrimination,
Mrs. Flight accusing him of cruel treatment before the month
of December.

Sir R. BIRNIE said he regretted extremely to see a woman
of Mrs. Flight's age and situation in life, and the mother of
children too, fallen so low. It was a melancholy affair, and
he could make every allowance for the irritation of Mr. Flight,
but still she was his wife, and he must provide for her. Ile
would strongly recommend a reference to some mutual friend,
in order to an arrangement for her maintenance ; because what-
ever might be her conduct, she must not be permitted to starve;
Mr. Flight--Sir, I reverence the laws of my country, and
whatever they compel me to do, I will submit to cheerfully'
but never will consent to any thing in the shape of a compro-
mise with the vile adultness who stands so unblushingly before,
you. My honour has been wounded, my peace destroyed, an
nothing will I consent to but that which 1 am obliged to by law.
Sir R. BIRNIE endeavoured to calm Mr. Flight's agitation,
and again strenuously urged an arrangement.
Mr. Flight—l sincerely thank you, Sir, but it is impossible-
I witnessed my dishonour, as it were, with my own eyes, sod
it is still fresh in my recollection. Oh God ! 1 shall never for-
get it.
Sir R. BIRNIE said the course then which Mr. Flight rnOt
pursue would be to apply to the parish officers, who would re-
lieve her, and then summon the husband in the usual way to
shew cause. With respect to the charge of assault against Mrs.
Etheridge, he could not think, under the circumstances, of hold-
ing her to bail.
Mr. Flight expressed himself thankful for the decision of the
worthy Magistrate, and the case was dismissed.

COVENT-GARDEN MARKET.—Yesterday several
persons were fined at Bow-street, for having ex-
posed for sale fruit and vegetables in Covent-
garden Market on Sunday last. The law in such
cases is for the future to be duly enforced.

COURSE OF EXCHANGE, July 26.
Amsterdam
Ditto, at Sight l2 4
Rotterdam l2 8
Antwerp l2 4
Hamburg!)
Altona
Paris, 3 Day's sight 25 40 0 U.'
Ditto
Bourdeaux, ditto
Frank forton the Main
Madrid
Cadiz
Gilboa 36 Effect)"

Barcelona
Seville
Gibraltar
Leghorn
Get tia ~ ..... ...q3i-Venice, Ital. Liv 27 60
Malta 43 -Naples 3.9i
Palermo
Lisbon
Oporto
Rioianeiro
Dublin .... 9.1 ........ Curii 9i pet Cent.
BULLION.

Portugal Gold, in Coin 1.0 0 0 Pe/OP
.
Foreign Gold, ill Bars
New Doubloons
New Dollars 0 4 9i
Silver in Bars. Standard
__„,„l

COAL-MARKET, JULY 26.
Ships at Market. Ships sold Price. s Oj
7i Newcastle - - 6. -34 s Gd to g,
2 Sunderland - - -33 s 6d to_is.

BIRTHS. SO'
On Thursday last, in Bernard-street, Russell-square/
Wm. Bromley, of a daughter. 'Or)
On Thursday, the 25th inst. in Wimpole-street, LadY
port, of a son. ------'"
MARRIED. Street'
On Thursday last, at Islington church, Mr. Charles i.ip
banker, of Arundel, Susses,_ to Sarah, second daughter 0
—..•

J. Lear, of Holloway, Middlesex.
DIED. nor
On Monday, the 15th instant, at Aslockton Abbey'o,o
Bingham, Lincolnshire, in the 66th year of his age, '":„ the
Foster, Gentleman. He was a native of Bingham, ,
church of which place his remains were interred on SaL:iptihr
Mr. Foster had a great predilection for theatrical arnut—cter
and on Thursday, the 4th instant, performed the ehe'Diog'
' Macbeth with 11. Ir. Smedley's company of comedians, s'ibetite
ham, before a large auditory, and upon retiring from
ole the fever,
that evening, he caught cold, which brought on vim
and terminated his existence. Active,
On the 24th of May last, onboard his Majesty's shiP.,,effe/'
Lieut. W. St. Andrew St. John, R. N., second son of
J. F. S. F. St. John, Prebendary of Worcester. t
On Wednesday, the 24th inst., at the Vicarage, l,,sheodt
Berks, in the 63d year of his age, the Rev. Edward Te7ooll.
Vicar of that place, and Rector of Henley.upon-Thanle'
Sthe 01'
-Printed and Published for the Puointivrons,ns
Office, No. 112, Strand, by J. B. CAnsT4l
