THE SUN,. LONDON. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 27,- 1e39.

never was fox pursued by hound through all his
doublings with more unerring and instinctive sagacity
than the quibbling, tricky, word catching
Bishop of EXETER has been hunted through his
labrvnth of falsehood and misrepresentation by his
powerful adversary.

If Dr. PHILPOTTS has any of that regard for
his, character which so high a dignitary of the Church
is presumed to have, he must curse the hour when his
ill-disciplined temper drove him to make an attack
on the Marquis of LANSDOWNE.

Attempts are made to prove that the Whigs are
the authors of the Welsh disturbances, because
they excited the people to demand reform, and did
not stop short of declaring that to deny it would
endanger the peace and stability of the empire.
The journal which now most vehemently reproaches
them with what they then did went far before them
in the career of revolution during the Reform pe-
riod. Leaving that inconsistency without further
notice, for that in a journal may be a venial offence
which in a statesman is the abandonment of his
most solemn duty, nothing but the Tory principles
now professed by the Times blinds it to the fact
that it is not what the Ministers have granted
of reform, or what they have obtained for
the people in its name, but what they have
withheld or denied which has caused the gene-
ral discontent of the lower classes. When it was
found necessary by the Tories to concede the
claims of the people in 1828 and 1829—when it
was indispensable to the peace and safety of the
State to concede still more in 1832—when the
sovereignty of the people was then openly but
necessarily acknowledged, it was, we admit, silly in
the Whigs, and nothing less than extreme folly in
the Tories, then to persist in maintaining nearly
all the abuses in Church and State which Reform
was sought for to abolish. Neither class of states-
men could get out of their old routine ; the Tories
rallied round the conservatio n of abuses, and the
Whigs,, being in office, found it their duty to abate
the vigour of their attack. Hence, unhappily,
instead of the continuance of the progress of im-
provement which commenced in 1828, and of which
the principle was to set aside the old State nostrums,
year after year the most reasonable demands of
the people for an Extension of the Suffrage, the
Repeal of the Devil's Laws, the Ballot, &c., have
all been refused, and the hopes of the people that
either their social or their political condition would
be improved have been utterly destroyed. They
have consequently become discontented. The
blame, therefore, is to be thrown, not on those re-
forms which pacified the people for a while, but on
those Tory principles of which the essence is that
the people must be coerced into obedience to a
great system of injustice.
We are quite aware that the middle classes are
rather favourable to Toryism. A wise Ministry,
however, instead of conceding to their injustice,
would have taught them to subdue it. The lower
classes are too numerous in this country, and too
intelligent, to be kept in a state of slavery. If
the middle classes, therefore, will neither concede
an extension of the suffrage, nor any kind of eco-
nomical reform, which touches their own pockets,
they must lay their account with perpetual turmoil,
nor even flatter themselves with the hope that the
sacrifice of their own liberty to a strong Govern-
ment and a standing army will secure public tran-
quillity. Long ago we asked, when we saw
nothing was to be done to satisfy, and everything
to coerce the working classes, how the country was
to be governed ? We have yet seen no solution of
the difficulty, and it will not be surmounted, by
abusing the Whigs for what they have done in the
way of Reform, nor,• by restoring the Tories to
office, to begin anew a brutal system of coercion.

There would be some ground for the pertinacity
with which our Tory politicians inflict on the Dis-
senters the perpetual blister of Church-rates, deny
to Roman Catholics the full and free enjoyment of
all civil advantages and privileges, and generate can.
tinual trouble and strife for the purpose,
taining the ascendancy of the English Church, had
that Church been in past time, or were it at present,
an instrument of political or 'moral good. But
what are the facts, what are the advantages, what.
the blessings for which freedom, prosperity, and
peace are denied us ?—freedom, because as long
as laws are made or enforced, trespassing on men's
consciences, they deserve not the name• of free ;
prosperity, because the maintenance of the Church
is at the bottom of the devil's or starvation laws ;
and peace, because the supremacy of that Church
continually threatens the tranquillity of the empire.
What are the facts, what is at present the condi-
tion of our people ? The Anglican Church at this
moment, misapportioned as are its revenues, is the
richest church in Europe, and great masses of the
people in all the manufacturing towns, throughout
Wales, and in large agricultural districts, are tho-
roughly uninformed and uninstructed of all that a
Church is useful to teach. They know how to
gain their bread ; they are skilful miners, col-
liers, smelters, casters, weavers, spinners, plough-
men, &c. &c., but they are extremely ignorant
of their moral and religious duties, extremely ig-
norant of the circumstances which regulate their
condition in society, and extremely ignorant of the
most important facts by which their own conduct
ought to be guided. The complaints of the crioii-
nality of the people coming from the Clergy them-
selves are a branding condemnation of the Church.
But ignorant as the people are of what it most im pot is
them to know, much of the knowledge they have is
due to Non-conforming teachers, who have not only
taught and converted the people—the Wesleyans,
to wit—but they have pricked the Anglican
Clergy into exertion by their zeal, and are the au-
thors of all their emulation. Almost from the very
beginning of the Reformation the Non-conformists
have flourished by the side of the Church, and have
kept her from relapsing into Popery, to which she
owed her birth, and was always inclined. Protes-
tantism has been cherished by them, though the
Church always persecuted them for their faith. At
this moment, as at every moment since the days of
C ROM w ELL, the Ctrycaliiity sodhasf teachingailedbotli a
obedience.
sait instru-
ment for promoting
In neither point can it now compete with the unpaid
DP
ries ss es,n t i nNg eo
man iirl a v.his sietnhthe s
es whollywill s usernt e ndw
that
oed
we
are indebted to the Church for that naval supe-
riority, that ingenuity in arts and inventions, anti
that patient industry which are the foundations of
the national greatness ; and while our population
are both lamentably ignorant and criminal, it is
clear that the Church has no claims to the respect,
much less to the veneration of either the people or
our rulers.

The very ignorant or very injudicious friends of
the Church compare her to the Church of Rome,
and rail against the latter as most unworthy. But
the Church of Rome, with great, grievous, and
glaring errors, has many claims on the respect of
mankind. She was one great instrument—the ex-
cloive instrument, for spreading Christianity over
ai; the west m. world. For nearly fifteen centuries no
other Ch iSiatlity was !mown. She not only irChris-
tianized, she 0070 the barbaria:?s who overthrew
mediated
united i t ebd") tillise her predecessor,
the Roman empire. w4B the careful treasuiZl of
all the knowledge of antiquity which escaped tn'
wreck of empires, the heir to the power of imperial
Rome, and for many centuries she exerted that know-
ledge and power to more beneficent purposes than
d
the all-conquering city. She
between Sovereigns and subjects; if she
fomentedive
SiwlhotecoCmimiroisntiaanndwg'
c frequently commanded a truce,
ai
world, forgetting
league.etting
localseobtainedquarrels,
p
in one
power through her own merits, and

only became arrogant,_ oppressive, cruel, and usurp-
ing when she had achieved a commanding success.
She contributed her part to modern civilization ; she
promoted for many eges the progress of society, and
NVIIEn she became a barrier to further civilization,
stopping the continued and ordained progress of
society, she was cast down, bioken to pieces, and
gradually destroyed.

The Church of England has no such merit.
She found the people Christians, and as she found
so leaves them. They have made little progress in
Christianity under her tuition. She has never
mediated between the people and their rulerg, but,
pretending to study the comfort of the latter, call-
inQ herself the poor man's Church, she has aggra-
vated their lot by her own burdens and by her
supercilious insolence. To the State as an engine
of good government, she is a source only of diffi-
culty and injury. To the
people, as a teacher of
good morals, she is a source of continual corrup-
tions, partly by her doctrines, but amazingly by her
example. Of no use to the people or the State,
a mere engine for keeping up aristocratic oppres-
sion and priestly fraud, there is no good reason for
maintaining her, and none for supposing that the
people would be rendered immoral or criminal by
the civil Magistrate taking her down from her high
place and treating ail sects of Christians with per-
fect equality.

The following are extracts from French and
Getman papers received this morning
:
PARIS, Nov. 24.—The Capitole of to-day announces
a fact worthy of the serious attention of politicians. It
affirms that by a secret treaty concluded between the Three
Powers, which have partitioned Poland between them,
without the knowledge of France and England, the free
City of Cracow is incorporated with the dominions of
Austria. This is too serious a fact to be lightly
credited, but it is, nevertheless, certain that the
state of things in that oppressed city, the long-
continued occupation of it by an Austrian
garrison, are not calculated to make the assertion
appear impossible. We know, besides, that for sonic
years past, the French acid English Ministers have been in
vain called upon by the Parliamentary speakers in every
Session to appoint Consuls to the Republic of Cracow.
Le Commerce, Nov. 25.

CONSTANTINOFLE, Nov. I.—Refaat Bey is expected
every moment. It will then be seen whether it will be
best to wait patiently for Mehemet Ali's accession to the
wishes of the Powers, or to attempt to negotiate an
agreement directly with him. As !Wad Bey has had the
best opportunity to make himself acquainted with the
views of the Powers, it is supposed that he is the best
qualified to give good advice.
Till within a month since he constantly wrote that no-
thing ought to be done without the Powers, but he has
since changed his opinion, and recommends that the dif-
ferences with Mehemet Ali shall be considered as a kind of
family affair, and amicably settled with him. This
change of language, while the Foreign Ambassadors
continue to be so friendly to the Porte, is difficult
to be accounted for, and Refaat Bey's arrival is
therefore the more anxiously expected. Reschid
Paella seems to take a course which may permit him to
effect a reconciliation either with the protection of the
Powers or without it. lie behaves with the utmost re-
spect and attention to the Foreign Ministers, and does not
neglect the agent of Mehemet Ali, who, though he keeps
in the background, acts with much ability, and does his
master great service. Count Pontois seems resolved to
gain Iteschid Pacha at any rate.
On the return of Mehemet Ali to Alexandria, he agreed
to give up Candia, because the French Ministry has sig-
nified that it would object to the restoration of that island ;
but he would not agree to any other concession because
the French Ministry had been silent. We may soon have
a similar interference of France when Count Pontois per-
ceives what effect fear produces here. He must already
have had a fore-taste of it in the fact that the Porte did
not venture to refuse the finnan for the ship of war on board
which the Prince de Joinville has arrived here.

The Persian Ambassador, who has been to the Courts of
Loudon, Paris, and Vienna is now here. He seems in
general to be much pleased •with his reception in Europe,
but complains bitterly of Lord Palmerston, to whom he
denies all political tact. He speaks of a conference
with his Lordship, in which the latter complained that Mr.
M'Niel, the British Ambassador in Persia, had not been
treated with the respect due to his rank, to which the Persian
Ambassador replied that all the power of the Shah could not
pos!ibly obtain for Mr. M•Niel the respect which he desired,
which not the title but the personal character alone can
ensure. Mr. M./sliel was considered in Persia much less
a diplomatic agent than one of another description,
and was obliged to submit to be treated as such. Had he
had any respect for himself he ought to have asked for his
recal, but he persisted in keeping a place to which he
ought never to have been appointed. His intrigues alone
caused the differences between England, Persia, and
Russia. As a physician by profession he should have con-
tinued to write prescriptions, and not attempt to compose
diplomatic notes. This answer is said to have been very
disagreeable to Lord Palmer ston, but to have led to the
appointment of a successor to Mr. Nl'Neil,
BOURSE.—PARIS, MONDAY, Nov. 25.

rust Highest Lowest

• Price Price. Price Price.
reach 5 per Cents
111 20 ... 111 21 ... 111 15 ... 111 20
44 per Cents lO5 75 ... 105 75 ... 1.5 '75 ... 105-75
' 4 per Cents lOl 41 ... 101 45 ... 101 45 ... 101 45
~; 3 per Cents Bl 95... SI 95 ... 81 9) ... 8. 90
Bank of ,rrance 193./ ...MO ...930 • —2910
'l..sllitt.e.Baiik 5,000 f. sh L22I) ...5220 —.5220 ...5220
0,, .. I,ooof. Sh llO7 s') ...1007 s'o ...Ic6/ 50 ...1, 67 50
Irelelan Bank 750 ... 75f) ... 75') ... 750
•
, . ~.
5' per Cent, 101,,,,i ... 101% ... 101 N ... 10!N
Dutch '234 per Cents s2i ... 52% ... 52N —5.04
,p4iosh Ac.ive
... 2(i ... 254 i, ... 25% 74
Passive c% ... 6.).4 ... 6NI ••• 6%4
, . Old Deferred 7
... 7 ... 7 ... 7
Portuguese 3 per Cents
Nea.,,olitan
Roman lol3s
... inlfi, ... 10J% ... 111114
•- -

It A IL W A )i'S ti A ttEs.
Versailles, It. B 472 50 470 ... 472 50 ... 470
L.B. "Shi 02 50 ... :290 02,.50
Orleans ..

AUS I'lllA N FUNDS.—Vtimvs, Nov 16
........
five per Cents. Metalliques
~
Fru,. per Cents.
Three psr Cents.
Rant Shares 10345,
—.Allgemeine Zcitung. Nov, 21.

VICE•CHANCERY.__(THIS DAY.)

BEADLES V. BURCH.

His Honour the VIOE-CHANCELLOR gave judgment
to-day in this case, which was argued before him a short
time since upon a demurrer put into the bill by Messrs.
Jones and Co., the solicitors. Having read through
the whole bill, he could not but think that there cer-
tainly was a case stated upon it that required answering.
He begged it, however, to be understood that in coming to
that decision, he proceeded upon the statements of the bill
and those alone, and he trusted that Messrs. Jones
would not for a moment suppose that he had the least
suspicion of the purity of their intentions in doing
what they had done ; he had known those gentlemen
too long, both at the Bar and on the Bench, to suppose
that they would be guilty of any impropriety in their
profession. He could not, however, but think that they
had been properly made parties to the bill, and the de-
murrer, therefore, which had been put in by them must
be overruled.

The COUILT then proceeded to hear motions.

CRIMINAL UOURT.-(THIS DAY.)

OLD CO UR T.
.(Before Mr. Sergeant ARADIN.)
Catherine Purcell was indicted for stealing a neck-
lace, value 60/., and other articles, the property of her
master, George John Parry. The prosecutor is a soli-
citor, residing at Islington, and the prisoner lived
in his service. - On the 22d of September last she
left the prosecutors, taking with her the articles in
question. A description of her person was given in the
Hue and Cry, and in consequence she was arrested at
Dunmore, in Ireland. She had previously pledged some
of the property in Liverpool. When before the Ma-
gistrates, at Hatton-garden, a written defence was pro-
duced, which had been found in her possession, and
which imputed the grossest immorality both to
her master and her mistress. This defence she
stated Lad been drawn up for her by an Irish attorney,
and admitted that it was a tissue of falsehoods. The •
Jury found her Guilty, and she was sentenced to fifteen
years' transportation.
(Before Mr. Baron PARKE and Mr. Justice BOSANQUET.)
THE GOLD-DUST ROBBERY. Mr. CLARKSON, as
soon as the Learned Judges had taken their seats on
the bench, requested tho Court to inform him whether
the persons convicted of having been concerned in the
gold dust robery, would receive sentence this session.
Mr. Baron PARKE said the Judges had not yet de-
cideden t.therefore, probable that judgment would
nto the
therefrom dwelling-house of
Henryaa reslptec tin
m was, g the legal objections taken to the indict-
not be delivered this session.
BURGLARY.—Richard Robert, alias John St. John,
w
gold watch and
chain, his property.
'The house of the prosecutor, who resides at Wool-
wich, was broken open on the 23d October and
s indictedio od
y for, a
n breakingd st
ealiag i
the articles in question stolen. About a week after-
wards, the prisoner, who is a mere lad, was secn
in company with another lad, with the watch in his pos-
session, which he attempted to pledge at a pawnbroker's
near the West India Docks, but, in consequence of his
not giving a satisfactory account of the manner in which
he became possessed of the watch, the pawnbroker gave
bin\ into custody.
Mr. BALLANTYhE addressed the Jury for the defence.
Mr. Justice I3OSANQUET summed up, and the Jury
found the prisoner guilty of stealing in a dwelling-house
above the value of five pounds, but not of breaking into
the house.
Mr. justice J3OANqusT sentenced him to ten years'
transportation,
Edmond Lefrore, convicted of two larcenies, Vlat gen•
tented by Mr. narPri POKE tc) Seven years' transpor-
tation.

the neighbourhood of Leeds, Halifax,
y.Tehveenfinegg was so dense on Tuesday and Wednes-
,
da
and Bradford, that the greatest danger was experienced
by persons compelled to travel. Between Leeds and
Halifax the Red Rover coach was overturned on Tues-
day, but fortunately no injury was sustained.

BOW.STREET.-(THIS DAY.)

Elizabeth Tuck and C'Tarbitte Tuck, sisters, were
charged, the one with stealing a shawl, and the other
with receiving it, well knowing it to have been stolen.
It appeared that one of the prisoners, who is a child
about 12 years of age, went into the shop of Messrs.
Ade and Jones, 415, Oxford-street, last evening, to
purchase some small pieces of prints ; and the prose-
cutor thinking she was an industrious girl, having fre-
quently seen her make similar purchases on other occa-
sions, he took her to the end of the shop to make her a
present of some patchwork ; and on her leaving she
was observed by a shopman to have something concealed
under her pinafore, which caused him to follow her into
the street, and on turning into another street a few doors
from the shop, she was met by the other prisoner, who
appeared to have been waiting for her, when she drew
out the shawl produced, and put it on the shoulders of
the other prisoner.
Mr. TWYFORD said the case could not be more corn-
plete, and ordered the prisoners to be committed for trial.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, 1" W ELTE 0' CL CK.
This being settling day in the British Market, the
brokers and jobbers are chiefly employed in arranging
their accounts for to-morrow, pay-day. The extreme
fluctuation during the present Account is about 14 per
cent, and the contango (or continuation) is about per
cent.

Consols opened this morning at 90: for Money ;
and for the January Account 91 ers ; Exchequer
Bills 7 5 dis. ; Bank Stock 178 179 ; India Bonds 231
252.

The foreign exchanges yesterday afternoon were all
firmer, particularly those of Amsterdam, there being a
good supply of bills in the market.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active, which left off
at 241 -, have rather improved, and may be quoted
24 ; Portuguese same as they closed,- 311 32 ; Co-
lombian 29} 30 ; Mexican -29 - 30 ; Belgian 1001
1014 ; Spanish Passive 61 ; Deterred 10:1 11 ; Dutch
Two-and-a-Half per Cents. 52$x; Five per Cents.
The accounts received from the Havannah of the
20th October, state that business there begins to as-
sume a very active apearance, and we have no doubt
when the late pacification of the north of Spain reaches
that island, it will be celebrated there on a splendid
scale. The weather was remarkably fine, when the
accounts left.

The Liverpool train has just arrived, by which we
have received a New Brunswick paper of the 2d of No-
vetnber.

The United States schooner Grampus arrived at
Liverpool on Saturday, and exchanged salutes of 21 guns
with the garrison at 10 o'clock on Monday. She sailed
again on Wednesday morning for Portland.

LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, TUESDAY.—We have
had a dull and heavy market for Cotton to-day. The
Sales are limited to 1,500 hales, chiefly American de-
scriptions..
PRICES OF' STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock 178% $ India Stock
3 per Cent. Red. f* ,%% Ditto Bonds S 11 6 dis.
3 per Cent. Cons. 90%% • South Sea Stock —
3 ~, per Cent - , Old Annuities
Ditto Red 971444 ' New Ditto
New 3% pet Cent... ...... ..93X it 9' 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751
Now 5 per Cent.
Bank Long Annuitiestoeanire 1 Ditto 500
Jan. 5, 1860 l3 9—!6% Ditto Small .. 3 2 dis.
Oct. 10, 1839 —ll3 7-16. Ditto Commercial
Jarl. 5 NW• — Ditto Advertised

Jan. 5, 1580 — Bank Stock for Account ...
April 5, 185(1 — India Stock for Account ...
Jan. 5.1570 . —l Consos for Acc0unt......... 90N
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK•
Austrian Bonds Peruvian Bonds
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account
Drazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buenos Ayres Bonds — Ditto, 3 per Cent. ........
Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds

D tto Account
Columbian Bonds — Ditto Account
Ditto Account
Columbian Bonds, 1524 —, Spanish Bonds ^45414 4
Ditto Account Ditto Account. 24% .7i Ii
Danish Bonds
Ditto Account Deferred II 1074
Greek Bonds French, 5 per cent...—. —f. —c.
Ditto Bonds, 1225 - 4 per cent. —f. —c.
Ditto Account —; -- 3 per cent. —f. —c.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent — --- Exchange. —f. —c.
Ditto Account — Dutch, 9.54 per cent. 52%54
Ditto, 6 per Cent.
Ditto Account
Neapolitan — Ditto Acce.untm..... ....
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Eadern Counties Nally/ay l6 6 5%
Great Western ttailway Company 65
Ditto New 20
Brighton Railway 'Io
1....nd0n and Birmingham Railway Company WI
NI ,rtn Midland Railway Company 65
Mexican and South American 7:

05
15 14

140
76%
5%

COURSE OF EXCHANGE, YESTERDAY.
A nisterdain t.....e. 12 634 1111,1,1Lar 4B
D.tto. at sight
Kottercimin ' ', U. 'l2 7 'Genoa.. . 23 83
Antwerp...
11 zinburg .
Altona
.41.14
- '

P.lris, 3 day,' signt..— ..... 2.5.50; Palermo „ . per oz. 121 Y,,
Ditto... .... ........ —.3 Ms. •.:5 75 IListlon
Marseille,.
Bourdoaux
Frankfort on Manly, Ex. M. 151 ~ 4 , Bahia 97
?eterAhurgh, ruble... 3 Us. 38 Buenos Ayres
Btrlin
. .

. ..
,
Vienna, effective f1..,3 M. 10 6 Philadelphia 46
Triette......ditto lO 10 PRICE OF BULLION, per OZ.
thdrld 3634 Portugal beld, coir ,0 0 0
Cadiz....• :366 Foreign Gold, in bars... 3 17 9
6i1t0a................
Bareelo,l2 "(i New Dollars
Se,'lle 36 Silver in Bars

HALF-PAST OZYE.
Adeoun-ta have been received this morning horn
Monmouth, of the .9.6 th November, stating that great
suspicion was caused there, owing to several strange
looking men having arrived in the town, and much fear
was entertained of an expected rising of the Chartists,
in consequence of which a double guard was ordered at
the gaol, and all the troops in the town remained under
arms during the night.
The Batavier steamer from Holland is not expected
until a lite hour this afternoon. This will be the last
week of her run.

To the present time there has been little speculation
in the British Market, and the settling for the Account
is going off well ; and it appears to be an even one—
neither Bull nor Bear Account. Consols have been,
during the whole of the morning at 901 Money ; for
the Opening, IGth January, 914. Exchequer Bills, 57 5
dis. ; India Bonds, 8 11 6 dis. ; Bank Stock, 1781
178 ; India Stock, 252.

In the Foreign Market Spanish heavy, receded from
241 to 241- ; Portuguese 32 ; Three per Cents., 22 ;
Belgian, 1001; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents.,
521; Five per Cents., 984.
No further arrivals, nor any report to communicate at
present.
