know t-rhni are not their real, Iheirsteady, anal de.
ter,oined friends. Gentlemen, Sir Charles
selev, the friend of the people, would have at•
tended on yoo, bet I am sorry. that a domestic ca-
lamity preventedVrtn!.. That 'calamity, as well 'as
his arrest by the Government, for having address-
ed a public Meeting.., of his fellow-countrymen at
Stockport, pot ii out of his power to gratify his
ovislics in
.eepeating among you. But though he
is al”ept , another.f...saulema.n,_ who acted with him
on li!nt ocete•ion, who in truth was his fellow-
colleeger, an'l will probably be his fellow snfferer,
stands next me. 1 .Mean the Rev. Mr. Harrison—
(Great applause.)—Nothing has deterred him from
coining forward to do his duty in a manly way,
anal I am glad that you have received him as he
deserve?, IVhatever danger may surround him, it
is ple.asing to the feelings of an honest -tnnis)o
receive the public approbation, when he is con-
scions of having deserved it. That Gentleman
had in the most' kindly manner offered all hie
assistance on this occasion, and I ant sure you
will be delighted to hear from him all the pa-
triotic seutitnents he has 'uttered elsewhere,
and to which- you have heard so much odium
Atached be the public press. To any man who
was not acquainted with the tricks of Govern-
ment, madness might be justly imputed were be
to be present, after such threats as they used, to
attend such Meetings as the present. Allow me
however to say, Gentlemen, that I have read all
the threats, vilifications, and taunts which the
Government could throw out against the friends
of Reform,.and-I have read them, I do assure you,
'with a smile of contempt. Letters have been sent
to me since I accepted the honour of being Chair-
•man at this 'Meeting, to inform me, that if I ali-
peared at all (Sputa such an occasion, I.should
either be shot or put to death. I disregard such
threats, and I would only beg that such cowardly
miscreants as those who sent me such threats;
would appear, as I have no doubt they would do,
were it not from the tear of your vengeance.—
If my death, however, is a greater service to my
country than my life can be, then now is the time
for the enemies of freedom to take it, and the
sooner they tire, so much the better. lam stare
it is not needful for me to request you on, this oc-
casion to maintain a peaceable disposition, and
to suffer nothing, on any pretext, to instigate
you acts of riot, because you well knots; the
dangers to which you ere necessarily exposed by
a single breach of the peace.--(Applause.)—Some
of the Daily Papers have cautioned me to beware,
lest I meet the .fate ttf \Vat Tyler. Ili reply, I
shall Only say, that while I thank .them for the
hint, I must state, that, were I to meet the same
provocation as \Vat Tyler did, I should have 'no
hesitation in putting myself at the head of the:
• people to meet a due reeompeoce. All we want
- here is, not devastation, but the resumption of
our rights, of which we have been so lont and
most unjustly deprived, You -will now hear the
letters read, which have been received,and I trust
you will pay them due attention. They will be
read by our Secretary, Mr. Blandford.
Mr, Blandford then .read the letter of Sir
ICharles \Volseley, which was to the following
effect :

cc Wolseley,

" had the pleasure of receiving Your letter, hinting
me to' attend a Meeting of the People in Smithfield Market-
place, on Wednesday, the ststinstant.
" I shoulq at all times be ;,lad to give my sanction to the
endeavours of the People, to regain their long Jost Liberties,
by-my presence, if I thought it was of consequence ;in this
instance; however, it will he out of my power, furl have pro-
mised those of Manchester, to he there, at a Meeting that
will take place, I understand, im the course of a fortnight,
the precise time not being as Yet fixed.
' I have the honour to be,
" Sir, your obedient humble Servant, -
" C. WOLSELEY.
" Mr. Edward JaMeS !Ifandford, 56, Margaret-street,
near Hackney, London."

He then rcd one from Mr. Northmore, apolo-
giziog for his absence, but declaring his hearty
acquiescence in the object of the Meeting.
Mr. GasT then came forward to propose-a series
of Resolutions. In moving them, it was intend
ed not only to call.for the opinion of the Meeting
but also to stimulate them.to proper exertion for
the recovery of those fights, which were the in-
herent right of every'BritiSh Subject. The great
principles on which RadiCal Reformers acted,
were not the' promotions of nuirage 'or the-exten
sionof slavery, but in fact the promotion of li-
berty and the general extension of liberal enlight-
ened principles through every corner of the world.
He then read the Resolutions, of which the fol-
lowing is a copy :
" APPEAL TO THE MEETING.
" As nothing has appalled tie unfeeling factions
and their venal bloodhounds-of the press so com-
pletely as the peaceable conduct of recent Re-
form Meetings in the Country, so it is therefore
devoutly to be hoped that the present Meeting in
Town will prove, by moderation of behaviour and ,
strength of reasoning, not less formidable to the
• myrmidons of power in the metropolis.
" 1. Resolved, Therefore, that every person
born in Great Britain and Ireland, is•by inherent
right—FaßE.
." 2. That for the protection of the life, the
liberty, and the property of every Member, in a
free State, it is expedient and essential that a
Code of Laws should be established, and an Exe-
cutive Administration thereof provided.
'" 3. That as life, liberty, and property are
equally dear to every man, whatever may be his
rank, condition, or attainment, it follOws of ne-
cessity that every man, in a tree State, is equally
entitled to a voice in the enactments of such
Laws, and their Provisional Administration.
" 4. That to support the just expenceVatten-
dant upon a due Administration of the Law, fair
pioportioned contribution from every member of
the community ought to be equitably levied.
" 5. That the rights of all being equal, no
freeman in Great Britain or- Ireland ought to be
taxed withont his previous admissiori'to a partici-
pation of universal right.
" 6. Thtit this universal right may he exercised
in the Choice of Representatives, to be fairly and
freely nominated or chosen by the voices or votes
of the largeit proportion of the svhvle Members
of the State.

" 7. That the persons who at present compose
the -British House of Commons have uot been
fairly and freely nominated, or chosen, by the
voices or votes of the largest proportion of the
Members of the State.
" 8. Therefore, that soy Laws which Way
