111-I.T ANTI-CATHOLIC MEETING.

This meeting, which took place in the open air,
in the Market-place, on Monday, the 2d instant,
was, as to numbers, a complete failure, no doubt to
the chagrin and disappointment of some of the very
sanguine Anti-Catholics. Although for the last ten
days the town has been deluged, and the walls
placarded with bills of the most inflammatory na-
ture—although the house of God has been decorated
and ...defiled for political purposes, to the disgust of
all sensible and moderate men—and although the
men at several of the ship-yards (ship-carpenters),
&c. were allowed to be at liberty to attend the
meeting (it has been said, were instructed to 'attend
it), yet after all, in a population of upwards of
50,000, little more perhaps than 2,000 adult males
were at this meeting, and these were chiefly of the
lower orders in society, who, however respectable,
as every man is who discharges his duty, let his
station in life be high or low, may naturally be sup-
posed to be more readily swayed in their opinions
than persons moving in the higher walks of life. It
.hould, however, be noticed, to the everlasting honour
if the people. of Hull, that although incited by the
means before noticed, yet we are not acquainted
with one single act of riot or disorder that took
place; nor would they, it is quite evident, have
moved one step in the matter if they had not been
excited to it by others. It should be stated, that at
this meeting no Banker, but few Merchants or men
of station and byluence, nor even the principal
Clergyman (the Vicar) of the High Church, took
part in the business. The principal and chief actors,
however, were Clergymen of the Church of Eng-
land, united with the Methodist Ministers. "These
latter gentlemen came forward to advocate the cause,
and wish to hear the voice of the people with
singular modesty, when in their own conclaves Il(ft;
even their very whisper is allowed .to be heard. 1:(
consequence of the excitement that was naturally
expected to have seized the public mind, the friendf
of civil and religious liberty, and to its extension to
all, determined to take no part in the proceedings of
the day, unwilling to hazard the peace of the town,
and their conduct is much approved by all good and
peaceable men. Resolutions and petitions were of
course nearly unanimously carried, and the meeting
quietly dispersed. The petitions will, no doubt, be
numerously signed, as one of its prayers is far a
dissolution of Parliament, a thing the worthy bur.,
gesses every, where would like. The Duke of New-
castle would, no doubt, call all this clamour if it was
to do away with the Coin Bill. It is strange that
every where you find the Clergy, with some lionaur.
able exceptions, the great moving causes of all the
hubbub in the country, as though nobody else either
cared for, or understood, the subject. They talk of
liberty, but is not arbitrary you er and priesteraft their
object—from which evils we hope God will pre-
fect us. It would he an eternal disgrace to England
if, with any semblance of truth, it could go forth to
the world that her sons are the enemies to liberty
and the promoters of slavery. The opposite is,
no doubt, true, as all well-informed persons who
think at all, and take enlarged views of the subject,
and of society, are decided friends to the removal
of all civil disabilities on account of religious
opinions.

DREADFUL MURDERS AT

PORTSMOUTH.

PowrsmouTH, MAacit 2.—This town was this
morning thrown into great confusion by the disco-
very of two murders, of the most dreadful descrip-
tion, perpetrated on the persons of Samuel Lang-
trey and his housekeeper. Langtrey was a retired
bricklayer, and nearly SO years of age ; he resided
in a house in Prospect-row, and had no other inmate
than a female, apparently about 60. So feeble was
the old man, that he had not been down stairs for
some months, and the woman used to wait on him
in his front chamber; he was enabled to walk abort
his room with the assistance of a stick. They had
lived in this house nearly 20 years, and in the even-
ing a neighbouring female used to go to assist the
housekeeper to get her master to bed. Last even-
ing she went several times for that purpose, but
could make no one hear; this did not create much
suspicion, as it has happened before when the par-
ties have fallen asleep; but this morning, on her
again endeavouring to make them hear, she received
no answer, which induced her to call on a neighbour,
who got into the premises by the back way through
the yard, and, on looking through the kitchen-win-
dow, he discovered a quantity of blood, and the old
woman lying on her side. He instantly gave the
alarm, and a constable and some persons entered,
when they found the woman with several wounds
given by an instrument like a slater's hamir.n. (which
'probably was on the premises, and was dir,-;ered
bloody), and a knife, which cannot be found, from
which she had received many stabs in the face and
hands; and in the room was found the handle of a
long brush broken to pieces, from which it appears
she must have made great resistance; after she was
on the ground the villain nearly severed her head
from the body.
On going up stairs, the old man was discovered
lying on his back, dressed, with his walking-stick in
his hand; he had received two blows, apparently
from the instrument before mentioned ; one had pe-
netrated the skull, and the brains had spattered
across the room, and were seen on a blanket hang-
ing on a chair, and the blood was seen .all over the
wainscot ; he also had his throat cut in the most
dreadful manner.

.....
As soon as the circumstances were known, the
churchwardens (Messrs. Young and Grant), with a
promptitude that reflects great credit on them, called
a public vestry of the inhabitants, at which it was
agreed that 100/. reward should be offered for the
discovery of the offender, and 1001. more are offered
by Langtrey's executors.
The town is now in the greatest confusion—the
constables are all on the alert. The old man must
have been an easy prey to the villain, as he was deaf,
nearly speechless, and could hardly hobble about.—
Langtrey was in easy circumstances, and it is sup-
posed had money in the house, as he was the owner
of several how;es in the town.
A curious circumstance took place in the morn-
ing before the murder was discovered. A man, about
25 years of age, about five feet nine inches high,
with sandy hair, short whi,kcrs, and sbabinly
dressed, apparently an Irishman, from his accent,
applied in the town to have some guineas, which he
had in a dirty bag, changed for sovereigns, and was
refused. his description is forwarded to all the
neigbouring towns; and if his purpose was honest,
no doubt he will come forward—if be does not,
suspicion will fall on him, as it is supposed such
money was likely to be kept by Langtrey. A jury
is now sitting, and expresses have been sent with
bills, offering the above reward, to every part ; and
it is to be hoped, from the activity of our police, the
murderer will not long remain unapprehended.

Earl Gower gave a grand dinner to the Duke
of Cumberland, on Monday, at his residence in Hamilton,
place. His Royal Highness afterwards honoured the party
given by the Netherlands Ambassador, at his residence in
Bryanstone -square, with his company.

NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE, MARCH 2.
Like the other great town of the empire (Liverpool, Leeds,
Sheffield, &c.), where liberality and justice hold their sway,
Newcastle-upon-Tyne is going to have a public meeting,
o consider the expediency of petitioning Parliament fur
emoval of the civil disabilities which affect his Majesty's
l:.unan Catholic subjects." The requisition to the Mayor
of this town bears the signature of nearly two hundred in-
dividuals, including a large portion of the wealth, talent,
and respectability of Newcastle. The meeting is axed for
Tuesday, the 10th inst., and will no doubt be most Immo-
ronsly attended. The Tyne Mercury, of this evening,
says—" The Vicar of Newcastle haying made application
to the Mayor, to call a meeting, to petition against the Ca-
tholic Claims, his Worship declined acceding to the Rev.
Gentleman's request; but has since- decided on calling a
public meeting, agreeably to a desire of a deputation from
a numerous body of requisitionists, with a view of openly
and fairly discussing the question of Catholic emancipation.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven o' Clock.

M PERIAL PARLIAMENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF COMMONS

Mr. SPENCE took the oaths and his seat for the
i3o.Gugh of Ripon.
M. SCOTT took the oaths and his seat as Mem-
ber for Carlisle.
Mr. Wilbraham, the Deputy Clerk of the Crown,
reported that a double return had been made for
the City of Bath, each candidate having polled the
same number of votes. The election was then de-
clared void, and a new Writ ordered to be made out.

Mr. HUM E presented a petition from Wexley,
in favour of the Catholics.

Colonel POWELL presented a petition from a
parish in the county of Cardigan, against the
Catholics.

311.. JONES deprecated the mode adopted by
the opposite party in the mode of influencing the
opinions of the people. He had just received a
letter, which informed him that in a town in Wales
there had been a packet of placards sent
over the Irish channel, and posted during
the The bills were of the most in-
flammatory description, as they represetio d Pro-
testants being roasted by Catholics. He re
gretted that such a mode had been taken, as it was
no argument, but an appeal to the worst passions of
the people. With ree,ard to his own opinions, he
remained unchanged, and he would advise other
Honourable Members to suspend their judgment till
they knew what they had to deck on.
Sir W. HE_A.THCOTE presented similar pe-
titions from the Archdeacon atotCleray of Winches-
ter ; the town of Gosport ; the parish-of Holybourne,
and one from the towns of Portsmouth and Portsea.
He observed that these petitions were most respect-
ably signed, and one of them was attended with
rather a curious fact, that the meeting was called for
a counter petition, and the present one was carried
by an amendment.
Mr. CARTER wished to say a few words re-
lative to the petitions which had just been presented.
and the observations which had been made on them.
With regard to that particularly mentioned, 10 or
12 respectable persons had advertised that counter
petitions would be prepared, and lying for signature
at some of the neighbouring towns. A requisition
was then signed by sixty or seventy persons, and
a public meeting called to get up a petition in
favour of the Catholics. The meeting was fairly
conducted, and the sunendment was undoubtedly
carried by a majority of about 5 to 4. against the
Catholics. The male population of the place
amounted to about 20,000, and both parties agreed
that there were not more than 12,000 present.
About three years ago, a meeting was called, und then
the petition against the Catholics failed, as the peti-
tion alluded to had failed in favour of them. He knew
from his own observation, that two or three boys of
12 or 13 years of age, had signed that petition, and
that schools had been called upon to sign it. It had
also been sent to the poor-house to be signed by the
aiipers. As to the number of signatures, there-
fore, he did not think that it would proye much one
way or the other. His own opinions remained un-
changed.
An Hon. Member presented two petitions from
places in the county of Oxford against any furtiee-
concessions to the Roman Catholics.
Colonel SIBTHORPE in presenting a petition
from Barkston and seven other places against Ca-
tholic ,Emancipation, said the measures about to be
introdneed were so much to be dreaded, that it
was enough to make the stones its the wail cry out
against theni.--(Hear, hear.)—It was idlse to talk
about there being no danger, let Hon. Members but
read the history of former times, and but for one
moment reflect, he was then sure they would see
there was great danger ; he bad presented many
petitions, but before the measures were curried they
would -be increased twenty-fold.—The petitions
were then brought up and read.
Mr. WILLIAMS WYNN presented a petition
from the county of Montgomery against the
Roman Catholic Claims; he must bear testimony
to the respectability of many of the signatures ; but
it was almost unnecessary for him to say, that he
entirely differed with them in opinion on the mea-
sure of Catholic Emancipation, for if it was curried
he was convinced it would afford additional securi•
ties to the Protestant Constitution.—(He-ar, hear.)
A petition was presented from the town aud
county of )Southampton, against the Catholic Claims.
Lord DUNCANNON presented seven petitions
from the Roman Catholics, of parishes in Ireland,
praying for unqualified Emancipation.
Sir C. BURRELL presented a petition from
Steyning, against the Catholic Claims.
Sir F. BURDETT presented a petition from
the Dissenters of Worship-street Chapel, Finsbury-
square, in favour of Catholie Emancipation; also,
other petitions of a similar nature from Brentford ;
from 'Newhall, Derbyshire ; and from the Roman
Catholics of Foeton, Derbyshire.
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH-1 beg leave,
Sir, in presenting a petition from the professors of
the University of Glasgow, and merchants of the
same place, to trouble the House with a few obser-
vations ; the petitioners, Sir, are most respectable,
and pray for a repeal of all acts imposing civil dis-
abilities on account Or religious opinions, Many
of the petitioners were linisters of the Cbureb
of Scotland—(Hear, hear)—end they say they
are convinced, by removing all restrictions, would
add security to the Protestant Establishments, the
blessings of which they wished to see extended to
all cheeees of his Majesty's subjects, such sentiments
(lid great credit to the enlightened views of the pe-
titioners. I Sir, am after pitying the greatest atten-
eiesn to this important subject, am deeidely of opi-
nion, that the majority of the well educeted society
in Great Britain, tire decidedly in favour .0f it.
I have come to this eonehteion after years ef the
erreatest attention to to she subjeet. (Hear.) Jam
of the same opiuion as the most enlightened Cler-
gyman of the Church of Scotland, I mean Dr.
Chelmers—that the Protestant religion relpiiree no
other weapons than those of reason and argument to
defend it. (Hear.) The petitioners only amounted
to about :300—for they did not, from variolts causes,
wieh it to be numerous—they wished it to be con-
fined to the most ter ectrible of the inhabitants. If
ttney load wished for numbers they could have easily
been obtained. The petition hind his most cordial
support.
Sir M. SHAW STUART begged to add his
testimony to the gvaat respectability, intelligence,
And station of many o, the Gentlemen who had
signed thie petition. Ile vises. not aware, when
die came down to the House, that his Right
lion. Friend had already received dee petition,
and that it was to be presented this night, or he seesulci
have requested his permission to go at length through
lire long lies of respectable ,names attached
it, but in merely glancing over the neeasee was suffi-
cient to justify him is enforcing the assealsens of
his Right Hon. and Learned Friend, and in respeesie
fully assuring the House from his own knowledge
that many of these most distinguished literary cha-
racters, of the leading merchants, of the first-rate men
of business, and of the most intelligent gentle:et*
of Glasgow were included- in this list of petitions,'.
who eminently implore this Howie to concede such
measures of relief to their Roman CatheAc fellow-
etalejeets, as in the present state of the Etopiee?
they may deem necessary aced expedient, and .he
begged .to express his own cordial coneetmence in the
prayer of ease petition.
The petition :was then brought up and read.
`Tide. Hon. Member then presented a petition,
praying for a Reform of the Laws in the Colonies.
Mr. BROUGHAM said it would be recollected,
Chat best Sessions he gave notice of a motion to
Tiring in a Bill for admitting the evidence of Slaves
so be received in Courts of Law; he was then, on

account of in•ll.+position, obliged to withdraw it, but
he would take the opportunity of stating, he should
shortly again bring forward a similar Bill.
Sir G. MURRAY said, a similar law was at the
present time in existence in the Island of Grenada.
Mr. BAN KES wished to address a question to
the Right Hon. Member opposite, as to the mode
intedded to be adopted to-morrow night on the dis-
cussion of the great question which they expected.
He wished to ask whether it was intended to ex-
plain the measure in the first instance, and refer that
passage of his Majesty's speech to a Committee, or
whether it was intended to propose a stain;; of reso-
lutions, and move for leave to bring in a Bill ? He
trusted that the Right Hon. Member would excuse
the question, as he. asked for the information of
himself and the House.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
replied, that it was intended to pursue the
same form of proceedings on this occasion as
had been followed on other occasions, when the
civil disabilities of the Catholics were the subject of
discussion.

(LEFT SPEAKING.I

SPIRIT OF THE LONDON JOURNALS.

To those who love a bustle, the present state of
affairs must be assreeably amusing. Here is bustle
enough; and—as it will be seen by the issue—ail
to no end, and therefore about nothing ! for the
Duke of Wallington is not likely to be deterred by
this cackle of the imbeciles, even if it were to be-
come ten times louder. The disabilities under which
the Catholics labour must be relaxed! That is the
whole of the matter, gentlemen; and your clamours
can no more arrest, es retard the measure, than can
the screaming of a flock of geese upen the road
stop tile course of the Royal when it shall
have started from London to convey to Ireland
the news that lice sons are kindly admitted to the
privileges of British subjects; but among which
privileges there is none that we know of which
shall allow them to oppress Protestants, or over-
throw the established religion of the realm. They
will be admitted as the Protestant Dissenters have
been admitted, and where is the mischief? We
hare no doubt but that the two parties will prove a
counterpoise to each ether, rather than unite their
powers to act as a disturbing force on the course of
the Protestant Constitution. At least we do not
apprehend any very formidable opposition to the
measures of Govcenment from the admission of
a few Catholics into each House. At present
there is hardly a booby to be found at large, who,
if he can blubber forth a few words or sentences
about Protestant establishment, coronation oath, and
that dubious animal the Pope of Rome, does not im
mediately begin to think himself as great a wan
as Luther or Calvin : one might also expect por-
tentous signs in the Heavens, from the heat and
fury of some. Has no comet appeared ? Have not
two suns yet risen in osie morn ? However, in spite
of comets, and double suns, and triple nonsense,
the Duke of Welliserton, by his Majesty's orders,
and in conformity with his Majesty's speech, will
undoubtedly carry the Catholic question. The mild
good sense of the country may rest assured nf this as
a fact; and even the folly and fury would he griev-
ously distressed its the end, if it were not so. For what
would be the result 14 The whole Administration
must immediately throw up their offices. And a pretty
state the country would be then in ! Could Lord
Winchilsea and the Duke of Newcastle, and Mr.
Stockdale, form another Administration for the King?
Could the two former(and we will leave the last named
worthy out) form an Administration to their own
minds upon all the other questions of state policy,
omitting the Catholic question ? Impossible. What,
then, 40 they mean ? They do not know—they
cannot say They dare not contemplate the situa•
tion of dfairs in which the country would be placed,
if the present Administration weee dispersed. Or,
if they dare, let them figure to themselves that event
haying happened, and tell us how they would pro-
ceed, Ti:e King without a Ministry! The Govern-
ment of Ireland of course dissolved ! For the Duke
of Northumberland having received his appointment
from the present Administration, and with the under-
standing that the Catholic question is to be esttled,
most of course return ! The Irish Catholics and
Brunswicisers in rebellion I Now, my Lords, we
are in this state; your opposition to the Catholic
Bill has reduced us to this? What would you ad-
vise ? Whet counsels have you for us in store ?
You have no Duke of 'Wellington now; uo clan,
tiered Mt. Peel; no Tories, no Whigs. Would you
have the King take au irresponsible Government
upon himself, and issue oedges without a Ministry ?
His time of life, his mode of life, and a Parliament
almost unanimous, in opposition, prohibit the attempt.
Silly, iessh men, then rest quiet ! His duty to
his 'Sovereign and the country forbids the Duke
of Wellington from receding an inch. By this
question he and his Ministry stand or fall.—
The first opening of the business takes place to-
morrow. But it is probable, as in most important
matieee, that Mr. Peel, after explaining the con-
templated mekeure, will conclude with some general
resolution in favour of the Catholics ; and when that
resolution has been carried, his next step, according
to form, will be to wove far leave to bring in a Bill
in conformity with it. We must correct a mistake
into which we fell respeCting the speech a the
Duke of Newcastle on Monday. A messenger from
the liouse ge.ye us one report, which spoke of the
on which we made a King's reeponsibilieyr
re-
mark or two. This was errenenus, The report in
the body of the debate is exact, sold opt) this we
should have had no observation to make. Ay a
na4T,l casualty, the difference in the two reports was
not obeeeved till next morning.-7'imes.
