...
HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning l4 minutes after 8I Evening 42 minutes after 8

-
The publication of Tillt SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock

yam, ~
~~~~. ,

fl 9, )
,v " )

• WITH WHICH
THE ‘, TRUE SUN" IS NOW
INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
TUESDAY EVENING JANUARY 8, 1839.

The Chronicle of this morning praises its Manches•
ter Reporter very much " for diligence in obtaining
information, and for sound judgment in appreciating
it," and on his reports comes to the cohclusion that
" there has been very great exaggeration as to the state
of excitement in Manchester and its neighbourhood."
In the same column it publishes a violent extract from
the speeches of a Mr. HANSON and a Mr. HARNEY
at Carlisle, at a meeting, called to take into considera-
tion the propriety of addressing the Earl of DURHAM,
all which violent language refers wholly to STEPHENS,
to his arrest, and to the conduct of the Ministers in
relation thereto. Now, when it is considered who and
what Mr. STEPHENS is, a dissenting political parson,
whom Dr. PHILLPOTTS would consider as unworthy
to unlatch his shoes—that he has kept dragoons, magis-
trates, reporters, and editors of the-Provincial as well
as Metropolitan Press, fully occupied for the last ten
days, we must conclude that nothing short of an open
rebellion passes for excitement on the Canada-drugged
palate of our Contemporary.
It may be, and we hope is true, as he states, that
the number of those who really approve of the violent
course recommended by STEPHENS, OASTLER, and
others, farms " but a small fraction of the working po
pulation." We believe that it certainly was true before
STEPHENS was arrested, but at the Carlisle meeting,
which was so crowded that the Town-hall would not
hold the multitude, a resolution, deprecating physical
violence, which was submitted to the meeting, did not
find a seconder, and the use of physical force, in con-
tradistinction from moral force, was loudly applauded.
We are convinced that our Contemporary's description is
now less correct than it would have been a fortnight
ago, and the alteration has been entirely caused by the
injudicious arrest of STEPHENS. The agitation and
excitement since then have increased, but the Chartist
agitation, which has never till now been meddled with,
is nearly considered in Scotland, according to the
Chronicle, at an end. Can we, therefore, supply a
stronger proof of the impolicy of the proceeding
than is to be found in the same column of the Chro-
nicle—proof that violent language—the only offence
of Mr. STEPHENS—is more atrocious than ever ;
and proof that the Chartist agitation was subsiding
before he was arrested.
We wish to guard our readers against the incorrect
representations of our Contemporaries on this point,
because the public generally are very apt to believe
what they wish. They wish for tranquillity, and
if tranquillity be not at the moment interrupted by the
arrest of Mr. STEPHENS, they will probably demand
more such arrests, producing more provocatives to vio-
lence, from an opinion that " the authors of violent
language ought not to escape." For our parts, having
learnt, from the conduct and language of the congre-
gated masses throughout the country, from Merthyr
Tydvil to Norwich, from Brighton to Aberdeen, from
Dorchester to Glasgow, that all love for our institu-
tions, all attachment to the laws, all respect for the
upper classes, and for the whole body of the Legisla-
ture, is clean swept out of their hearts, we deprecate all
such coercion as that of the arrest of Mr. STEPHENS,
thinking it in the end fraught with the most ruinous
consequences, whether it succeed and reduce the manu-
facturing labourers to the same dependent poverty and
hopeless slavery as the agricultural labourers, or
whether it fail and the whole system be destroyed, by
their stout and successful resistance. Tire sentiment
which we borrowed from the Scotsman on Friday
cannot be too earnestly impressed on the ruling
classes, " THEY MAY PUT DOWN OPEN RESIST

ANCE BY THE STRONG ARM OF THE LAW, BUT

,-cr.e.7.-- ''''-e.-•
y.....,,,,,_,....,
*:';',7?!. Z'l, ~
;'.: 4- M.
•
(...r..... _ _.',4
''''. •
~,,r
~,-,-;,-, ,--,,,,. ts':i.,:e4-:.....
