SLAVERY.

The Marquis of SCIaO presented petitions from the
counties of Galway and Mayo for the abolition of negro ap-
prenticeship ; and a petition from 3,540 females of Montrose
to the same effect. The Noble Marquis presented a num-
ber of similar petitions from different parts of the United
kingdom, but he mentioned the names in so low a tone that it
Was quite impossible to catch them.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE presented also a num-
ber of petitions on the same subject.
Lord DENMAN, in presenting a petition from a place is
Cornwall for the abolition of the apprenticeship system in the
colonies, denied altogether the right of the Legislature to
give up to the planters the labour of the negroes for any num-
ber of years.—( Cheers.)

Lard ABINGER was surprised to hear his Noble and
Learned Friend say something which amounted to an avowal that
Ile considered an Act of Parliament to be illegal, and that if it
were produced in the Court in which he presided, he would not
act upon it. —( Hear.)
Lord DENMAN did not deny the legality of any contract
between the planters and the Government, but he did totally
deny the power of Parliament to make any contract by which
the labour of the negroes could be for six years appropriated
to the planters or their mortgagees.--( Hear, hear. )
The Duke of WELLINGTON contended that there was
a compact between the Imperial Legislature and the planters.
The negroes were to be freed on the twofold condition that
the country should give 20,000,0001. as compensation to the
planters, and that, moreover, the negroes should give six years'
labour in the character of apprentices.

The Marquis of CLANIZICARDE insisted that it was
utterly inconsistent with the spirit of English law to make
slavery, in any form, part and parcel of that law.
Lord DENMAN, in explanation, said that he feared, from
all that he had lately read, that it was in contemplation to
cmitinue slavery beyond the Ist of August, 1840.
SPAIN.

---; .
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY gave notice that
after the Recess, he would call the attention of the House to
the unfortunate policy of her Majesty's Government in respect
to Spain.

CHURCH VESTRIES' BILL.
The House then went into Committee upon the Church
Vestries' Bill.

The Earl of WICKLOW moved an amendment to
the effect that the provisions of the Act should be extended to
Ireland, which (after a few words from the Marquis of Clan-
ricarde and the Bishop of London), was agreed to.
The Bill then passed through Committee, and was re-
ported.
Several private Bills were then advanced a stage.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE.

In answer to the Duke of WELLINGTON,
Lord MELBOURNE said, that on We inesday he should
move that the House, on its rising, should adjourn to Friday,
the 27th inst.
The House then adjourned.

lIOUSE OF COMMONS, APRIL 9.
The SPEAKER took the Chair at the usual hour.
The Leominster Improvement Bill was read a third time
and passed.
Several other Private Bills were advanced a stage, but it
was quite impossible to catch their titles.
CHURCH OF SCOTLAND.

Gen. SHARPE pr. sented several petitions against further
endowment to the Church of Scotland, but wo could not hear
the names of the petitions.
Lord JAMES STEWART also presented a number of pe-
titi ns to the same effect.
Mr. CHARLES LUSHINGTON presented a petition
to the same effect from the Young Men'S Voluntary Church
Association of ErUnburc,h.
Colonel SIBTHORP presented a petition from Lincoln,
praying that the rights of persons holding Church property be
respected in any measure which might be introduced for the
settlement of the Church.
Mr. MACLEOD presented petitions from Inverness,
against additional endowment to the Church of Scotland.
Mr. ORMSBY GORE presented petitions from places in
Shropshire, praying for the immediate abolition of Negro
apprenticeship.
Mr. FRE SHFIELD brought up the Report of the Select
Committee on Public Petitions.
Mr. BAINES presented a petition from the licensed vic-
tuallers of Leeds, praying for the establishment of bonded
warehouses in inland towns.
Mr. THORNEL EY presented a petition from the Compo-
sitors and Letter-press Printers of Wolverhampton, against the
Copyright Bill at present before the House, which they stated
was injurious to the public, and therefore prayed that the
House would appoint a Committee to inquire into its probable
tendency and effect, before they suffered it to pass into law.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition to the same effect
from the Letter-press Printers of Carlisle.
Mr. CURRY presented a petition from the county of
Tyrone, praying for the renewal of the law regulating the
Irish linen trade ; also a petition from Slewater town against
the Bill for the relief of the Irish poor.
Mr. STRUTT presented a petition from a place in the
county of Derby, praying for the abolition of pluralities, ex-
cept in the case of very small adjoining livings.
Sir G. STRICKLAND presented a petition from Otley,
praying that children between the age cf 9 and 18 years might
be allowed to work 11 hours per day, for five days in the week,
and 9 hours on the other day.
Lord ELIOT presented a petition from Messrs George,
the inventors of a steam war carriage, praying the appointment
of a Committee to inquire into the merits of the invention.
Mr. MACKINNON presented a petition from the Manu-
facturers of Nottingham, in favour of the Bill which had been
introduced by him for patterns and designs.
Lord STANLEY presented a petition from Lancashire,
against the bastardy clause in the Poor-law Amendment Bill.
The Noble Lord said that he would take that opprtunity of
stating, with regard to the notice he had placed on the
books for to-morrow, that having stated formerly that he
was convinced that it would not be possible, with any good
result, to appoint a Committee on controverted elections, with-
out it was supported by all sides; and having received a state-
ment from the Secretary of State for the Home Department,
that it was the opinion of the Government that it would be
useless to agitate the question before a Committee, and that
hey would give no sanction to it, he begged leave to withdraw
his motion.

On the motion of Mr. J. A. SMITH, the West India
Docks Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented two petitions against Ser-
geant Talfourd's Copyright Bill.
Mr. ELLIOT presented petitions from Howick and other
places against further endowments to the Scotch Church :
also one from the Moderator of the Presbytery of Kelso,
against the proposed plan of providing additional funds for the
Scotch Church.
Mr. E. ELLICE jun. presented petitions from places in
Fife, against further endowment to the Church of Scotland;
also one praying for a uniform rate of postage, and one from
Cupar for a total repeal of the Corn-laws.
NEW SOUTH WALES.
Mr. C. BULLER had a petition to present signed
by 5,000 of the inhabitants of the colony of New South
Wales, praying for the establishment of a represents-
five system of Government in that country. There
was no difference of opinion in the colony upon the
prayer of this petition. There was no point to which he
wished to call the attention of his Hon. Friend the under
Secretary for the Colonies, because he had no doubt his Hon.
Fri"d..A",u,l„.,,d Hess it on the attention of the Colonial Go-
inah parties agreed in praying that the proceeds
fro • •
o land might be applied to the purposes
) • t ut the most important point on
tt'V agWe was that the present Legislative Council
11,6. existing state of the colony, and that
atm ent might be adopted. He believed
‘,t. t colon now amounted to more than

al

the white population of any of the West Indian colonies.
Th question which he had to ask his Right Hon. Friend was,
whether it was the intention of the Government to persevere
in the measure which had been submitted to the House?
Sir G. GREY said that the Hon. Member could hardly
expect him to enter into any detail now with respect to the
measure proposed to be introduced by Government. He could
only say that the peculiar circumstances of this colony—circum-
stances arising from the sources of its wealth and the nature of its
population—constituted difficulties in the way ofa representative
Government, which did not exist in any ether colony. This
much, however, he would now state, that any measure which
would be introduced by Government must be limited in its
duration and provisional in its nature, as it was intended
merely as an experiment.
Sir EDWARD SUGDEN presented a petition from a
solicitor practising in the Courts in Ireland, against the Bill
brought in by the Hon. and Learned Member for Dublin,
and praying that the profession might remain under its present
control.

Colonel WOOD presented a petition from the guardians of
the poor of Brecon, praying that all property under 51. a year
be rated on the owner, and not on the occupier.
HEAD MONEY.

The HoN. MEMBER gave notice that after Easter he
would call the attention of the House to the system
of paying head-money for captured slaves, and that he would
move an address to the Crown relative thereto.

Mr. PATTISON presented a petition from the Ward of
Farringdon-Without, praying for a reform in the Corporation
of the City of London.
HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT.

Sir F. TRENCH said that it was his intention to-morrow
to renew the motion of which he had given notice, for the re-
vival of the Committee for the consideration of the Houses of
Parliament, and at the same time he should call the attention
of the House to the efforts made for its lighting, with a view to
extract an expression of the opinion of the House upon the
subject.
