ethos who forged them for a whole, nation t and
We the Parisians have dorm by a spontaneous and 1
instinctive movement of their own. There was a
plot on the part of the Crown and its profligate
Ministers; but no plot, no premeditation, no com-
bination oe the part of the people, even for their
own defence ; and yet the latter have triumphed.
As for the King and the Duke of Angouleme, if
they escape the guillotine, it is much more, than
such vagabonds deserve; but still we are not sorry
to hear that their escape is to be permitted, or to
be connived at. We should have been glad if
Ikey Solemner could have been hung legally ;
but the stretching a point to stretch him might
have been drawn into an injurious precedent
egging one less criminal. With respect to the
French Ministers, let the law of justice work its high
behests upon them,---no one will pity them : they
fully deserve their. fate. But let not, the British
public mistake : we will• readily accept the assur-
ances which we receive front all quarters, that force
and warlike aggression are at tut end on the part of
Charles Cepa and his son, and that they will be
unanimously spurned and oast out by the voice of '
the whole nation. Now, therefore, is the stage clear,
and now is the time for political intrigue and ma-
nteuvring. Tire minds of a generous people, exulting
in their victory,and proud of their strength, are open
to ell kinds of delusions. Advantage may be taken of
their excitement by political adventurers of the Corsi•
can school, seeking their own aggrandizement through
the disturbance of the state. Let Frenchmen,
if they tender their own happiness and the
peace of Europe, beware of such. We confess we
see nothing distinct pf this port, yet, but we dread
popular commotion', even in a just cause; for the
fury sometimes continue" and propagates itself
after justice is satisfied. The Crown, tt. is said, is
to be tendered to the Duke of Orions. From all
that we have beard of him, he is a Prince worthy of
it, and of the confidence of,the French nation. We
refer to our letters: they are filled with hnportant
matter, and the persons who write them are men
of no common influence.—Times.,

The all-engrossing subject of conversation is the
wonderful proCeedingi of the last week in Paris.—
Details now pour in from all quarters. We have
seen letters from individuals of distinction in Paris,
,to their friends in London, begun before the hosti-
lities comMenced—interrupted at the moment, the
writers sallied out with their muskets, determined to
conquer or die—and finished when the fight was
over. The streets were cut up in a thousand places
the people heaped up the stories and made redoubts
of them. An Englishman gives a description of
scene he witnessed at one of these redoubts. Behind
it the people were resisting the onset of a body of
Swiss Guards. A body of females rushed from a
lateral street with pitch-forks and knives, and simi
lur instruments of destruction, fell on the rear of the
Swiss, and in the twinkling of an eye numbers of
them were weltering in their blood. The English
in Paris have not all been idle speculators of the
heartsstirring events passing around them. The fol.
loivinf extract from the letter of a lady to her hus-
band in London, alludedto an instance, by no means
we believe, a solitary one of active participation
44 What a pity-4ou that are an amateur—that yen have
not been here to ire a pattern revolution. The French,
from being a warning, have; become an example—a glorious
example, to all nations. Never was anything more prompt,
more virrous, more intelligent, and, after the most tri-
umphant success, more moderate. And all condor:tett by
a populace unprepared, and absolutely without chiefs. Not
a single act of unnecessary destruction nr violence of any
sort has been committed. Yesterday evening we walked
through crowds of armed men in all the intoxication of
victory, without the slightest inconvenience. The tri-
coloured Iles And cockade were displayed in all directions ;
the people were
,parading the streets with garlands of roves
hung on the point of their bryonets; and from one' end of
Paris to the other nothing was beard but one universes!
Cry ora Vioe la Marta 1
" 'Will:010 you, I think, on the 27th, but I did not
venture to tell you the state in which we then were, lest
my letter should he opened sod detained. At that time the
firing was incessant, the trees on the Iloulevarde cut down,
• anti the pavement torn up to maikkbarriesults at the end of
every street; near the PAM')
.Royal, and further on tnwardi
tha lintel de Ville, the street. were strewed with dead
bodies, It le believed that the number of killed and
wounded on both aides amounts to not 'less than 1,500 ;
even women and children have been killed. This is
melancholy, but it is to he hoped that these are the
last victims of • Divine Right that France will ever
have to mourn for. The poor Garde noyale.—my good
friends of Notre Darrie.--hoW bravely have they sold
their lives for sixpence ft day, and that which they
have been educated to believe right. And Atilt poor
foolish. King-can you believe au& profound infttua-
thin ?—yestorday noon, be graciously granted no
amneery to his loving subjects. T dare way the poor mah
will retire to Ilartwell, or elsewhere, with a conecieniT
void oliffence towardi God 'and min. In' fact the being
a century behind their subjeCts in knowledge is the only
fault of tits flotations ; and, perhaps, they ought no mole
to be lidd responailde fur the calamities they have been the
curse of, than the Iyull Apis, if his worshipper* had chosen
' to cot their throats on his IteCUltitt. However, it is to he
Loped that the reign of moo and asses is nearly at en end
all over the world,

!'.lily brother Claris, was et the taking of the Toile.
rims, And went in with the rest, Ile brought me some
seguterl wood from the toilette of the' Ditchesse' de Berri,
lie said the people did nu mischief except tearing 'down
• the curtains to mile theinigelvei scarfs. Only one pie.
ore wie shot through with hundreds r,f b mie the
porirsit of the DO de 'Ragusa.: Notwithstanding their
Moderation,' the people owned to thibk,that they tool A
fait right to make theinesives welcome ter the content* of
the cellar. Owlet 'aye a bottle which fell ,to his share
tasted exactly ilk* the erseratnentsl, wine at, Queen's.
It is tiOW reportoil .boot the, Dug. ittPtifoott, is to lie
,King ; but 1 dO out Jialleve Anything 4)11, known,
afraid ell la npt,yet finished., ~As far AA the 11440114 CR-
earned, it is fluislie4 for it is' little mischief that seven
. madmen, with the poor Unfortunate King st their held,
, could. Jo. Alt if they should hying down' others of their
Olen treat foreign countries, this may be only the bigitraleg
of misfortunes. I e.innot help thinking, it is lucky that
' Orprgit tie Fourth iv *ala,effol to his Whorl i, for he might'
have takes it;intq hisinouttopsetidle in the matter; Th..
. prepatutions fur defence sill not in the: least ;relaxed, arol
ilivre are said to be inj'aris 70,00flgien 'under arms, 'let
fur the , 1,600 killed and wounded-413w ! *tor. those ‘wlio
••
are left to Mourn for theilithiti'would almost have • hear
What Mirstbeau said washdinentible t a revolution or iosi.

- -
litatoi,qir de B. says be saved the life of an English-
men .yeeterdey.. 1 ern sure it could be nobody but * *
i.
fle was kitting an liacanguing the' people in laid
Freneh, mid exit/irking "thetri.' retdetericy end tin;Y
thought he wee tslliug them to disperse. .41 de 4. efl
pioned, and got some ef, them ,to vacort. Lim
mica men shout fifty,, valid!
.speetaeles. It • could by no
body but * *. • ~,
u: you bevy rrny curiosity 'about you would ‘c
infoestrd by s einem:len 'of its citizen Inborn we bate
bile; n ryinerkitblyegree!lible, gentlemanly Orton.
How-
'ever, I have neither time nor rpm to talk about
Believe stir, years) • - ;
:What a victory bat been achieved' • What 46
example to the nations I Coftmust be the' boson),
that this example will not warns. There is not 'k
tyrant in Europe, on the other hand,,who will-not
feel his power shaken by the victory of Paris. , it
banishes despondency from the nations--k teethes
them, that a nation has only to will its freedom to.
Ire free. When the mind of man is emancipated—
when he censes'to be merely occupied with his ani-
existence, and feels the influence of love of his
f+sßow-creatures, love of the entranoll good, there is
111;unriiiiiinensoftri
eheitrriti-0 hel s not capable. The brave
hazarded life and property in
piste.iritefvei
_rights. Ail minor,considera,
'tireatiituna 91,03$
end
ed There wee but orre feeling
taiweory :(it..!..kusti. One of the lessons
l'etrYtj'irlte
fore,),eittowevrerl,:teme will•he, that an army,
roily reeisted in a grout 'oi I I"' arty b. "tem.
*re driven to.the desper„jttwohr thrt 4'bl/bits:fib'
their all fur their inuntry, uti,laeca (:)( twrirte in
Periiiing
their right plated. . This is ~1,16
the people of every cou. try, It
time, paralyse the arm of theL viva. if rite
only bosomed-4f the
,main have been
sense of his own tiignityie may defy yjokmte.
Whet hue been done at Paris and the other town&
of France, ought to teach us never to despair of the
progress of mankind. The voccets of the Onus of

the Holy Alliance, and • gill more the success of
'their intrigues in. Spain-and Italy, led many worthy
men almost to despair of the good cause. The
nations seemed prostrate. Behold the greatest na-
tion of the. Centinent appears in an instant more
erect than ever she was—more heroic than ever—.
and more than ever impressed with a deep sense of
the value of a government of law and order 1 The
blood that was shed in the Revolution has not
been shed in vain. The agitating events too of the
last forty years have led men to estimate at their
proper value the goods of fortune—to enjoy them
without being their slave, and have, in short, pro-
duced that manliness of character which the long-
continued prosecution of gainful pursuits is but too
apt to injure. We cannot believe that Austria or
Prussia, if ever they dared to promise aid to Charles
the Tenth, will now think of keeping their word.
Whet has passed in the great Courts must be rather
a matter of conjecture than of certainty. Our own
Government Ints always, we know, been suspected
by the Freneli There is, we know, a profound
hatred in the Oligarchy of England of the conse-
quences of the ,French. Revolution ; and indeed they

have never disguised their dislike of the operation
of the French Laws of Property and Election.
Even Sr Francis Burdett-cannot divest himself of
his admiration of feudalism, and consequently his
dislike of the independence produced by the Law
of Succession. But there is a difference between
this dislike and the countenancing such horrid pro-
eeedings as those of the French King. The
Slumlord of last night, however, observes—
, '4 it is plain that if the voice of England be not now
plainly beard, we Must lie under great (though, as far as
the nation is concerned, unjust) suspicion of favouring the
enterprise of the deposed tyrant; and it is equally plain,
that if the flame of • political jealousy be once kindled be-
tween the nations, the affairs of Greece, the affairs of Al-
giers, the affairs of Portugal, or it may be of the Netherlands,
will furnish a thousand necasiona of throwing England and
France, and all Europe, once More back into all the
guilt and misery of war. But it will be objected that the
auspicions under which Great Britain .may seem to lie are
chimerical anti groundless. No matter if they were ; fur
peace sake, we are bound to dissipate even chiMerical and
groundlesa suspicions, if they tend to war ; but are the
suspicions of the connivance of the British Ca'thinet, or
or of a part of it, at the enterprise of the late King of
France, indeed chimeric!! and groundless? Let us sec
'the total absence of any party in France, upon whose sup-
port the King could rely in his desperate undertaking—a
circumstance remarkably illustrated by the events of the
week—demonstrates that be trusted, in the 'fiat place, to
the success of his coup de main against Paris, and ulteriorly
to the support of some foreign power. It is no answer to
say that King Charles was a fool, who looked for such a
miracle. Hir Ministers, however foolish they may be
thought, did not all labour in the same insanity. They
must have known the„state of France well ; they must
have known that, unaided by foreign bayonets, the King
must be defeated in his enterprise, and yet they perilled
their hearts in that enterprise. But if the King of France
expected foreign aid, front whom did he expect it ? Russia
was too distant, so was Austria; Prussia, Spain, and the
Netherlands were too weakalit! the French King thenex-
pert the active support of England? Perhaps not—but
be must have expected her connivance, and an encourage-
ment front her, or be would never have risked the desperate
hazard that has ruined him; such, at least, if .0 be not the
soiled opinion, moat be the opinion of every Frenchman
even at this stage of the inquiry, and it is confirmed as the
inquiry proceeds."
This we think is building upon a slight founda-
tion. The subject is, however, treated ►n more de-
tail in the following letter we have received from a
correspondent :

" To EDITOR of the MORNING CHRONICLE.
tt Stu,--Never was an act of violence so gratuitous, se
unprovoked, and at the same time so rash and dangerous,
as the subversion of the French Charter by the Royal Or-
dinences of the 2bth of July. The sanctity of oaths, so
frequently repeated, and every moral obligation, have been
totally disregarded., It has met with its reward. France
indignant rose in enus, and Charles X. has ceased to reign.
" In wbut a noble manner has France answered her
detractors—what an example has she set to oppressed
nations. Well may she now call herself the great nation!
Bhe has acquired more glory than in twenty campaigns
against a foreign enemy. It may be objected, that all is
not settled, and that the league of despots, called by de-
rision the Holy Alliance, will reestablish Charles the
Tenth on his throne. Let um hope that the experience of
)79.2 will render them more prudent. But should they
I be se blind as to interfere, the enthusiasm for liberty, and
the return of 400,000 old soldiers to their standards, will
ensure to France new triumphs and, perhaps, finally
break the yoke under which the subjects of those despoil
groan. _ _

" It is interesting at this moment to investigate the
causes which have led to these events. It has been con.
fidently asserted, and is generally believed in France, and
the greatest part of Europe, that'the British Cabinet has
been the principal instrument in =raising Prince Polignac
to the 'Ministry, and has traced out to him the line of con-
duct which he ought to pursue in order to undermine and
overthrow the French Constitution, so odious to the Aris-
tocracy which governs this Country.
" This assertion has, on the other hand, been as posi-
tively contradicted, cud our Ministers have, on various
occariolls, disclaimed their having used any influence on
the councils of the French Court.

That this denial is true In point of form, we will
readily ethn it. It is, indeed, improbable that any direct
official communication should have been made by our Ca-
binet. Such advice, given officially, might have come to
light, arili compromised our ministers, or perhaps *mild
have even offended the vanity of Charles X. and his ad-
visers. There ean, however, be very little doubt that, in
fact, our Ministate contributed in a very great degree to
the measures in question. ' There are intlifect means which
often succeed more readily than open end undisguised pro..
eiteringr. This; indeed, is what constitutes the diplo.
rustic art.• Under the form of conversation, on subjects
nerkaps'of a totally foreign mature, the artful Statesman
draws conclusions applicable to the object he .11. ts in view.
" All those. who have manned at dinner or other partiee
especially in the privacy of (totality seats, must recollect,
that in dempanima where the-Duke of•Wellingtonl Lord.
'Aberdeen, stud Prince Polignac met together, thif con..
venation . was generelly* turned in the dangers which
threetined,the French Monarchy, owing to the division of
propeety, the want of an aristocracy and. einecurists, and
adult...cout:tore-plus arguments of the great school of
corruption. -The sentiments of the Duke of Wellington
en these subjects are well knoWa,' end Lord Aberdeen na-
turally retailed the lesson he received from hieittior Met-
ternich. Conversations of a nature ea flatteking to Prince
Potignatt were naturally reported by hint in his confiden-
tier correspondence with' the King, and the :colouring
rweittiseened to the highest degree. The fears of Charles X.
were thus excited, 410 his prejudice* inflimeri. • If in
England,,whire the Governmentis etmaitlert(l popular,
the French' Charter is deemed. ton detnoeraticel, how den-
getout' anti humiliating 'ousel t appear!to prince brought
up under notions of.thetfieinertglite orKinks.. •
'When we recall,' to Minti-thiertistory of ,the'last fifty
years,' We seilhat wherreeemensuret- against liberty haVe
Nsen 'ln' eoutemplation, the British Cabinet -liar been ilways
among the first 10' adhere to them openly, Or if eireut9.
atartreftweveeted, surely to fait the fire., ;It would, be leo
long ed.-relate all the example's, which so stunt a space of
,timetaffartit4 but a atitement of them would be,
interesting. • *
"The same sentiments still animate our Cabinet.' it
any slaubtdexisted on the • 'Object,' or with 'regard to the
interference alluded to; let'the reader turn to the
tterlar Niters/ the Vottriee Morning Ittist:ll4lot:iv4l
there iee'the Manner in which they have iticissantly sti-
Initiated the Freitelt Government to act) of despotism, add
the savage joy with ;which the-nitre of the destructien
of' tini French Charter was hailed by those advocates Of
slavery., Would the mercenary authors of these libels
venture to"eirpreas sentiments displeasing to thoseby.Whent
they are-hired ?Mayo Such men opinions 6f t)Teirown?
" The same' coal tetion appeared Slip in*all 'the Tory

party when the filet accounts -of the Ordinanceiof the 26tit
of July were made public. ' • If some blamed the measures,
it was only on the score of policy, the disregard of oaths,
and the immorality of the act, were of no consideration
with this party, who would gladly see despotism esta•
blished every where on the continent, as it would then be
easier to -introduce it into this country. Hut the must
scurrilous libel, and the strongest evidence of the political
npinians of our Ministers is to be found in an article of
the last Quarterly Review. MI the measures lately
adopted, and others more atrocious, are loudly invoked by
one, whose object in writing thus, is to obtain promotion,
old who was probably prompted by a person high in
wee, notorious far his enmity to liberty and every generous
Itsutittutett and who rosy be considered as the ' payola'
sation of poiltieal eorruptien '
igro%ll,:il'l'llhittileuulitr:ve.;dwidt:sni such disgusting and trts-
rzt,,satt
icuveubdute):
_p,r:utteett,, isaniadnwittbalefetlntthionik i
r:.
t whet
a .
t 1 QUt (.4binet mitts in the mind* of

the French, and, indeed, of every nation of Eurepeu4
feeling which may contribute to accelerate hostilities be-
tween the two countries.
" Under these circumstances, it is urgent that the liberal
press should be zealous in manifesting the true sentiments
of the English people, and in restoring and cultivating har-
mony and cordial friendship between us and oar neighbours.
" The French will thus be induced to distinguish be-
tween the nation and its rulers, and growing wise by our
example, let them see the necessity of opposing a constant
resistance to Aristocracy--a form of Government tit only
for barbarous times, but unsuited to the present advanced
state of society.
" I have the honour to be, Sir,
" Your obedient humble servant,
" August 2. " PUBLICOLA."
We may believe all that is stated in the above
letter, without supposing that the Duke of Wel-
lington believed the attempt would be made to
trample directly on the Constitution. That the
Mite hates the Law of Election, as every English
Aristocrat does, we can believe—that he has no
faith in virtue or honesty is also possible—that he
conceives Government can alone be carried on by
corruption is only supposing him to share the opi-
nions of the body to which he belongs—that he
may have even suggested to Prince Polignac the
benefit of ridding France of laws which are such an
eye sore to our higher orders, is probable; but still
he might have had only in view the exercise of those
means of sapping, which are so well understood in
England. We will not believe, without further
evidence, that any Englishman contemplated what
has taken place in France; though there may be
many among us who may wish that things had taken
another turn. However, the nation must drew to
the world that it does not share sentiments so un-
worthy of human beings.--*Morning Chronicle.

The people of France have taught a great lesson
to nations, and the conduct of the French King
ought to be no less instructive to Sovereigns. When
we compare the ferocious and indiscriminate violence
of the former revolution with the steady disciplined
and considerate bravery of that which has just
happened, we cannot avoid perceiving that the
human mind has made great progress in France
during the' last forty years. It is true that blood
has been abundantly shed in Paris; but according
to all that we can hear, the people, in repelling force
by force, have not been tempted into any acts of
cruel or vindictive retaliation, They met their ene-
mies in arMs—they conquered and they spared—no
recollection of injuries survived the power of resist-
ance. Their devotion to the cause of their country was
not greater during the continuance of the murderous
conflict than their attention to the claims of humanity
when the struggle was over. By conduct so elevated
by heroism and tempered with clemency the people
of Paris have greatly raised themselves in the
estimation of the civilized world. We have always
deprecated popular violence as well as regal oppres-
sion ; but we admit, with the most virtuous and
dispassionate of philosophic Statesmen—the immor-
tal Locke—that there are emergencies in the affairs
of nations, when nothing is left to the people but
an appeal to Heaven. Such was the emergency
which Charles X. created. his insane and wicked
subversion of the Charter, and his violation of the
oaths by which it had been consecrated and gua-
ranteed, allowed the people no alternative but an
abject submission to arbitrary power, or a violent
assertion of their liberties. They did not long
hesitate between the suggestions of prudence and
the imperative demands of duty. Stimulated by a
common sense of wrong, and a common sentiment
of danger, they
acted with the unity and prompti-
tude winch made their patriotism appear like a sud-
deninspiration. They confounded the armed bands
of the tyrant, as much by the suddeness, as by the
intrepidity of their resistance; and the streets of
Paris afforded examples of devoted heroism, which
would have done credit to the proudest days of
Sparta. As to the wretched old man who has
been the cause of all this bloodshed, what is to be-
come of him ? He has dissolved for ever his con-
nection with the French nation. Ile must be a fu-
gitive on the ersith; but the land that gives him an
asylum cannot protect his name from the execration
of history. Like our last Monarch of the infatuated
race of Stuart, he preferred the 'sordid assiduities
of a few malignant Priests to the love, the affection,
and the honest homage of the universal people. Ile
hes fared accordingly. But may not what lie has
attempted in Paris be but a grand experiment, to
try how far the despotic principle could prevail m
Europe, by the aid of military force, over constitu-
tional liberty ? We hope he stood alone in his atro-
cious attack on the very existence of rational free.
dom in France; but a strong suspicion has gone
abroad that he acted, if not under the direction, at
least with the connivance, .of Foreign Powers. Al-
ready efforts are making to procure public meetings
to cull our Government to disavow all intention
of interfering with the affairs of France. We
do not admire the policy which our Government
has for some time pan pursued. The attempts
made to suppress, the liberty, of the Press in this
country by proceedings that scarcely fell short of
Starschamber practice—the evident sympathy of
some of our Ministers with the miserable tyrant
Don Miguel—the attack upon the unfortunate fugis
tives from his oppression in the waters of Terceira
—and some other acts indicative of a strong bias
towards absolutism, might give some colour to die
suspicion to which we have alluded—but we think
it would be premature to cull meetings on the sub-
ject, until our Government, by some overt act,
efforded evidence of an intention to assist the cri-
minal and outcast Bourbon. We cannot believe
them so base or so infatuated as to have any such
intention. If they have it will soon be known, and
then it will be time enough for The English public.
to express their abhorrence of a policy that would
again embroil this country with France, for the
Seiko of a family who have disqualified themselves to
reign over any people who are pot sunk in the lowest
coodition of initialed debasement.—Murn. Herald.

The privacy of GEonoi IV. was the result
bf a delkate sensibility, made morbid by the infirMities
which had visited his AIAJISTr. Fur a hung time belle
the disease which confined him to his 'couch, his IllasesTr
was often obliged to require assistance from those around
him, if he had to ascend or descend a stair, or overcome all
shell 'casual obstructions in passing about the Castle; and
'it pained him alit strangers should witness hie infirtnleks,
We recollect his once requiring this support in hie step
ping; dawn the twdstairs in St. George's Hall, which de
seended in going under the music het. Some week:nen
end strahgert witnesaed this, and his MAJSSTY evinced
much,pain and mortification at his wmitnesi and infirmity
Eking-thus hrpostel. many other occasions, particu-
larly nue dity, in the 'Pew drawing-room, the workmen
who were gilding and painting the pannels ,of the walla
had not 66641 time, and were hurrying out as' he en-
tared. The Korn snipped them, by saying, 4‘ sever niitid
me,' go on with your work—don't mind tne, I'll not
.terrups you".t-Landi they resumed their tasks, unembar-
rassed, WhibtrAtiS MAJESTY continuwi in the, reamler
some time. Farther it way from a delicacy to the caprices of
,othern, that. his Ktonary was often so severe in his orders
of exeldding persune from the Citatle. Ileoce it,grewinto
syitem,,,tlutt when Alantlxv was about to leave his.
ream, to ,proceed thropgii, the other epartnienti of the
Castle, an mint courier announced the fact, and ran
round tit:via:tree to get ell persons out of. the way. Pre-
pently a second ,person, came to lee Oat they were out of
the way, and tiomedines, lifter' him, other machinery wee
employed to" make assurance doublisure,'!,, This, hor,
ever, was not alwayp suceewful.
ClllNgent • POLICY.---lit China all is. at- a
stand kin t• succeeding ages add not to the knowledge of
those that have gone before; no age muit prelallatt to be
wiser then his fathers': aroutulthe Son of Heaven, as they
designate their Emperor, assemble the learned of the lend
as his council ; en in the provinces the learned its their
several &greet' around the governor; and !awe and rules
are pawed from the highest down to the lowest, to be by
them given to the people. Every, even the most minute,
circumstance of common Ale, is regulated by law. It
matters sot, fur example, what may be the wealth of an
individual; he must wear the dress and bial hie house
after the mode prescribed by ancient regulations. In
China every thing beam the stamp of antiquity immove-
ableness seems to be the characteristic of the nation ; every
implement retains its primitive rude form ; every inven-
tion has stopped at the first step... Ir. Lardney's Cabi-
net eyeiapeclia, Vol. ; being Osair," of mom/.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSL

Mr. Martin Foster, an attorney, residing at No. 17,
Lawrence Pountney-lane, appeared before the Lord
Mayor to complain of a degrading but not a violent
assault, which he had received, not from the hands,
but the mouth of Mr. Henderson, a wine-merchant
or warehouseman, whose premises are attached to
those of Mr. Foster. Both are men of respectability.
According to the complainant's statement, Mr.
Henderson was very much in the habit of calling
him a pettifogger, in derision of Isis calling of an
attorney, and in consequence of some little disagree-
ment which they had about the mending of a
water-pipe. This offensive ep;thet was not with-
held even when the complainant's wife was with
him. No notice being taken of the insult at first,
it began to assume a more serious shape. Mr. Hen-
derson not only called out " Pettifogger, pettifog-
ger," after the complainant, but shook his fist at him
and followed him. Even thiswas patiently endured. At
last Mr. Henderson, on Sunday evening last, as the
complainant was going, up to his door, walked up,
and drawing the smoke of a cigar as hard as he
could, puffed the cloud three or four times into the
eyes and nose of the person be had before stigma-
tized by the name of " pettifogger." For this
offence the LORD MAYOR had been applied to for a
summons.

'The LORD MAYOR asked Mr. Henderson what
had urged him to such an act as that complained of?
—Mr. Henderson declared that he never once shook
his fist at the complainant, nor had he used the
word's pettifogger" until theJnore offensive term of
" fish-fag" was applied to himself.
The LORD Meyon---Whitt l did he call you fish-
fag ? I think you are pretty much on an equality,
then. A fish-fag and a pettifogger may very well
go together.
Mr. Henderson repeated, that " fish-fag" was the
favourite phrase of the complainant, to which he
found it necessary to reply in the terms described,
but he never meditated an assault upon the com-
plainant. As for the cloud . that issued from the
cigar, he blew it tram him without ilirecting it to-
wards the countenance of the gentleman who
charged him with a malicious intention. But the
complainant brought down upon himself this uneere- '
monious description of hie profession by adding to
the words " fish-fag," those of " old fool." Mr.
Henderson then stated that the complainant had re-
fused to pay for the repair of a water-pipe which
occasionally inundated the warehouse, and did his
(Mr. Henderson's) goods some injury. The re-
monstrance upon the subject was the cause of the
pique, and the complainant, when bed-time arrived,
caused the chairs and tables just over the warehouse
to be rubbed about the floor in such a mariner that
the very deity of sleep could not repose in his (Mr.
Henderson's) bed.
The LORD MAYOR.-. yell, I see that it is all
words. There has been no assault, nothing but
words, words.

Complainant--I beg pardon, my Lord.
The LORD MAYOR—WeII, then, all smoke, if you
please, or words and puffs. There have been no
blows. I do not consider it such a case as my time
should be occupied with, and I shall not interfere.
What is it, after all, but a mouthful of smoke ?
The parties then retired, Mr. Foster, to all ap-
pearance, surprised as well as displeased, that the
Lord Mayor should consider the agreeable smell of
tobacco a good excuse for pulling it into a man's
nostrils whether he wished it or not.
