It my be sail of nOOa4I'ARTE, as his tyrannical"
predecessor . Richard says of himself in the' Play,
that he has 44 set his life upon a Cast," fsr all -his
fortunes seem to, depend.on the fate of his, WTI; in
Spain. Some of his officers, much yin. they are un-
der the terror of his influence, have expressed an
apprehension that liii; ambition will• be. the ruin of
thern;and hence if there should-be an adverse turn in
his fOrtune, they would probably attempt to precipi-
tate his fall in order to secure themselyes.;As to his
, .
upstart family, all their power would Mmble, at once
to'the ground, in that case, and happy . would they
be if they were not viainas,to that indignation which
the Tyrant has excited alt over the. world, France
not excepted, since her population has been drained
to fight the battles of his ambition, pride, 1:
vanity, and since she is new compelled to seed the
flower of her youth to butcher art independent peo-
ple into slavery.. It is impossible to suppose Such.l3
state of things can last much longer, or that one man
can be permitted to outrage all the ties of-humani-
ty, and treat mankind as if they were made ter his
insolent sport as well as to promote his power. The
Tyrant has grown so wanton with success, that he
seems to think he has 'chained fortune to his car, and
may do as he pleases, without any fear of a reverse
in his affairs; but there must be, a point'in human
sufferance, beyond which destruCtion impends ; and
he has been the source also much -natioual aud pri-
vate misery in other States, that every heart is
against him, and some determined hand
,may be ex-
peeled to put a stop to his *wicked and•calamitous
career. It is not in hUman natere, weishould con-
ceive, to bear much longer the insolence, the arro-
gance, the tetal contempt of every thing like justice
and right, that so shockingly mark his charaCtet and
conduit, particularly as h not any one virtue
which should operate as a restraint upon that Unir.
versal t4irst of vengeance which his enormous and
nutal4erleas iniquities have excited. * , , :'

INDIA Housg.—iesterday a Court of Dire tors
was held, when the fullowing Commanders wok
leave of the Corzi, previous to &parting for their
real Give destinations, viz.

Captain W, P. Di.Esterro, of the United Kingdotti, and
Captain W, Hamilton, of the. Lady Castlereagh, tor Sr..
Belem and Bengal.

• Captink E. C: Orallord, of the Lora Ditocan, anti Captain
J.. C r (we, i , of the Haring, Tor Niacit.is th:ogal. ,

The under-mentioned Captains were sworn into
the Command of their respective ships, ,
Captain Dalrymple, of the Nlargois of Ely, owl Cap-
tain I. !lay, of the Coutts, for China ihr2ct.
CANA') C. Le Mane, of the Islarg,os of Welleiky, for
Ceylon end Nent;al.
~
The Court adjourned it six o'clock till to•ntorrow.
The outward-bound Meet will he finally
ttio Slttorility next, and is max•
petted: to 6311, :,hooki the Win i peirrat On this
week.

Seven tliotband,men are said ti have been lost by
the French in obtaining po,ses,ion of Madrl,l, with
.the plunder of which city they atiftfrwards dispatched
more than a thousand cart. to France; nor'having
spared the houses 'of thei Grandees and Merchants.
lioNAvmtry. has, besides this punter, secured and
bent from Madrid to. Frrince several Crandees strd
General Orikers, whose virtues were most obnikions
hatred or stivicion. Amotig. the (*miler are,
Signors 5A30710, TM{TAISIALA, and • Moss, Finn
Counsellor of State.

It is said that pillinifters have it in contemplation
tp impose a duly 0131. per too on all ueutrili con-
veying the ptodnee of the Oki World to America,
should the Americans carry their projected non-in-
tgrepurse incosule hr (.) efroct.

The PRINCESS Of WALP.i grAitied a private party
.or her friend's an Twelfth NiOt. Willi 3 itMiiicial en-
tertain-igen", which was highly adurcd. The ta-
lent; of Madarne Tuttonvuot.Tran the Harp, and
MILES on the Piano Porte,were'partictilarly
diitingtiisbed.
Tnesdiiy arrived in the /4/e/mmont Frie,ate. a
Colonel of the Spanish army.. One' ut' the chicf
nhielit Of ilk Voyage to, gilt/414nd rY tO pUrtillivie
(it:1;1[110y of sakidles for eavaity. There are in', Spain
about 40,000 horses fa-tnr toilitary service; ,
T1e3.411e/pomene, tin Itre passge Brim Cathy, cap-
tured the French Corvette dmeliq, which was trY-
jug to notice any port in France, with dlspatehei
front Vtc'foa. Hupins, which were preAeryed, and
sent to Government, , .

Saturday arrived in Leith Roads the croi; (Me;
20 gun ;Ind Vesuvius Bomb, front Qoitenburgli
also the ~1/0/447 Gun-brig from I:cruite.
The cqpy-right of the new Comedy of ;Van an.!
Ik'ife has boeir ptzrchased by Sir ilicun Itt) Filt4LlVa,
:it the Trice, of 3001.. This is an mil:midi-.
Miry price fora work of that nature, even atimittlng
its intrinsic merit.

On Mon.lay evening, between five and six woock,
;II Mr. Messner, of New Broad street, was, return
Mg; to his country boast!, at 11- ansit.:ad, Essyx, in a,
landatilet, accompanied by his Lady, they were
, slopped by two highWayMen, I)Qt weet) Laytonstotie
and 's/Yanstead, Who cane full hpeed up to the car-
riage, awl, 'preseriting pistok.ordered the coachman
to stop, threatening instantly to Thooi him it he did
not one of the robber,' then went to,tht? side of the
carriage where Mrs.M. at, and, before she could
Jet der yd the glass, dashed the muzzle of 114 pistol
thronshlt, aod.the, utlu mein ha% itt-g this time
tomo up, they with the rnotit hvrrid imprecAtiotis
and threats demanded
Llier money, They' took 6e-
'twveit two and three Pt, unds 'and from Mr.
M. a five,lntand hank-note, and a gOld wet*, chain,
&c. then turned heir horqes, and wetOotir towards
London. NI i4nmecliitt.cly on hi;` a't•t i y,tl
stead, cliwatilithl his footman, on horsebark, after
the,tohhers, Nyho, meeting iWo gentielnee its n sin-
gle-horse chaisq, itifislirOd if they ihid_uc„n such
men, and was informed th,:y had just befit rousted
hy theth. .The footman traced them to town, sty
she woy of Mae End, utrough which turnpike, they
had passed, full spied, withQut King
