MURDER NEAR NENAGI!.

LIMERICK, OCT. 2.—There is n report in town
today, that u sergeant and two privates of the 62d Regiment,
on their march to an ont-i o,t on the Upper Shannon, were de-
prived of their arms near henagh, yesterday, by a gang of ruf-
fians, who murdered the sergeant, and heat the others in a
frightful manner. We have not been able to learn the parti-
culars.

Since writing the above, we have been favoured with the fol-
lowing statement of facts from a most respectable gentleman in
the neighbourhood where the murder was committed :—" Ser-
geant Dowd, of the 62d Regiment, commanding a small de-
tachment of soldiers on the Shannon, about six miles from
Nenagh, on returning to his barrack on Tuesday evening, about
eight o'clock, went into a public-house on the road-side with two
of his men, and called for a little beer. There were four or five
countrymen, who had been to Nenagh with cars, sitting in the
house when the sergeant went in ; some conversation took place
between one of the countrymen (a person of the name of . Ken»
nedy), and a soldier, Kennedy saying he liked the soldiers, and
damned the police; the soldier made some remark In favour or
the police, when the countryman stood up to strike him; on
which the sergeant said that lie would not allow his pally to he
insulted, and that he would inform the police, and have them all
taken up under the Insurrection Act in the morning, and in.
scantly ordered his men to their barrack. On the soldiers leaving
the house, the carmen almost immediately got their cars ready,
and followed in the same direction ; on their taming up with the
ehheer
sergeant and his two men (one of whom was 50 or 60 paces behind)
the men leaped down °tithe ears, and coming behind the sergeant
in the dark (it being then between 9 and 10 o'clock), they knock-.
eel him down, on which qiiin, the soldier, ran up to assist the
ohnethsea saw
roadthes
ps
te.ericehainut
i. knocking,Th The
sergeant, and was himself knocked down. The sergeant got up.
and ran towards the door of a house and knocked, to try and
save himself from his pursuers, but was not admitted ; Quin
ran towards another house, but could not get in, and on going
soldier, Coleman, who .was in the rear when the ser'eant
fooptmt odwhairnds s l they ingh
oo
nu she i
sw
facel t ere
first knocked down, was at the same instant struck) with wita
the
but.end of a whip : and on another of the countrymen ; vnunge
up, he said, " That is Coleman, don't strike him,'' (Coleman
is a native of that coutrty ); Sytt, however sac
1 some struggle,
they succeeded in forcing his bayonet from the scabbard,
and after striking him violently with •mt two or three times,
they ran on towards time place where the
serjeant wits, and gave
hint a desperate stab between the fourth and MTh ribs, and
whiell penetrated to the heart,
besides
a severe cut on the head.
The soldiers instantly, on his murderers leaving him, carried
'
the sergeant into a house, when he almost instantly expired,
but never spoke. Great * praise is due to the detachnient of po-
lice stationed at Rib m aron for their exertions in securing three
Men, who tire fully identified,
anti a Coroner's Jury have found
against them a verdict
of Wiyid Abetter. They have been
fully committed for 6.61. One of the murders riot taken has
Red,. but hopes are entertained
of his being apprehended.".....
(Limerick Chronicle.)

FRENCH PAPERS.

[From the Mouiteur of Sunday, Oet.3.]

The Official Part contains a ltoyal Ordinance
'to the following effect :
" CHARLES, &c.—Desiring to provide for the
necessities of the service in our fortresses both in
our kingdom and the colonies, we have or-
•dained,
" Art. 1. The complete establishment of the
-Staff of our Royal Corps of Engineers, which had
been•temporarily' reduced to 350 Officers during
• the changes of the occupation, shall be raised
again to 400 Officers, not including the General
Officers inspectors of that arm. This comple-
ment, however, shall take place gradually from
year to year, according to the provision made on
.the subject in the Budget of the successive years.

44 Art.2.'Bpecifies the number of Officere of
each class to be employed."

NON.ODPICIAL PAWL

AUGSBURG, SEPT. 25.—We received by the
mail of this day a letter from our correspondent
at Trieste, wholnforms us that the declarations
of the Captains-of vessels coming from the Archi-
pelago, and who have successively cast anchor in
the port of Trieste, all agree that the Captain
Pacha, having attempted a landi4ig in the•lsle of
Samos, has been vigorously repulsed, and that
being afterwards attacked by the Greek fleet, a
most deperate battle ensued, in which the Turks
sustained a complete defeat, their. Admiral
having lost his life a little after the commence-
ment of the action.

dlowever, nothing official has been published
on an event of such great importance. All that
we know is, that the Austrian Authorities of
Trieste have received dispatches from Corfu,
which they immediately forwarded to. Vienna.
(Front Me Biotic, dated Monday Oet. 4.)
CONSTANTINOPLE, SEPT. 42.—The agitation
which had manifested itself among the people
and the Janissaries seems now to be allayed.—
We hear no more of a change of the Ministry, or
of the fall of Ghalib -It is even reported
that the Sultan being lately urged by the Selictar
to dismiss the Vizier, replied, -" There is time
enough to think of it."

. There is no official arcount of. the evacuation
of Moldavia and Wallachia, but it is not doubted
that it has taken place.
'" The corvette ‘vhich is to convey M. de Itibeau.
Pierre to Constantinople, has arrived at Odessa,
mid preparations are making onboard' to- receive
him.

Theinaction, of iheiMusselmen in Epirus and
Albania is explained by plans they are said to
have formed, not to act till the Egyptian expedi-
tion arrived in the Peninsula...lt was reported
at Zante, that -Vlauroeordato, pursued by his
Own countrymen, had quitted •Missolotighi and
taken refuge in Amatolico; but the person.who
stlids this information is far from answering for
its truth.

Mr. Turner, who is to have the management of
alraimafter the departure of Lord Strangford,
arrived here five days ago.
PAuts, OCT.- 3.—The flugsburg.Gazette, of,
Kept. •announces that all the letters from
Smyrna of the..9.2d and 23d of August confirm
the news of the advantages obtained by the
Greeks oft Samos. They have burnt a Vurkihb
frigate of 46 guns, taken .two brigs and a cor-
vette, and destroyed sixty transports. A. later
diSpaleb•affirms that the Captain Paella, •pursued
hythe Greeks, has taken refuge at. Boudrown.

The letters from Navarino are of the 31st of
August ; they say the. plague is on hoard the
ligyptian fleet anchored at Rhodes.

I From the Coiutillitionnel.)

There is a report in circulation, that- the .Go-
vernment has received, this evening, the im-
portant news. that the Turkish squadron has been
completely destroyed, and that the brave Canaris
has blown up the ship of the Capital) Pachal in
which service he was, himself destroyed.

BAJICELOWA, SEPT, species of ManifestO issued at
Madrid on the I.lth, by Mee new Superintendam of Police, hits
been published here, and has produced a sentiment of horror
even among the most exalted Royalists, and which is better
adapted for the 9th than the 19th century. General Athaud is
to be Governor of Barcelona in place of Gaunt Fernig, who is
skid to be recalled to Paris. Above-one hundred and. fifty per-
sons have been assassinated in Catalonia during the months
of August and September; .Ell2.llde,.formerly Treasurer-
(Jeneral, has beeri arrested ; he .in said to be implicated in
the affair. of the Ex-Minister. Crttz. Eli: aide is a oxen,
of raodzrate principles, and his conduct, always marked,
by prudence, seemed to secnee ~hint against all perse-
cution. At Lerida a madman has. been arrested, for saying
that Mina was tr.), land with 50,001) to ; that sea..
Englinh TC6
sell; were to protect his landing; anti the English had alrtotdy
talon three Russian vessels of war.

Pants, OCT. 3 —in a Pamphlet jactsublialted by. 141„ Alex-
ander Lameth, entitled La Censure eiiiVe, we find a ravld
and atergetic enumeration of the-wrongs done by the Ministry.
".M. tiordeau," he says,." bad long displayed a great devoted_
nos to the 31inisterial system. lie could not be accused of
not being a Royalist—he had never been reproacbed with a
Want of firmness in his of ee : bitt. struck with the dangers
which thrvatened both the throne and libuty, he had the mis-
fortune to tay, in the Tribune, You thu4 desire to have the
ancient regime reamed, with the Jesuiul/4 into the bat/ in„ and
the lituxues of the Chureb tlesrroyea."Ciiis pro-
fession of faith e.s.used to be era.tril front the liliLuf ALS-
trateg." .

(From the Joirntzt des Daats of Sem/.lap.)
• BAR6ELON SEl!l'. 22.--J/eters froni by the last
oriritz give moue fears as to The potty/ling% of I knrernment,
Cid ea prat little hope of seeing public tranquillity re.esta-
bligtwd. These letters are u-riu,en by. persotr3,
:And they as, roars are entertainc.t3 for the fate at' General Co-
pow: and the /1114,0 p of Alechoacan formerly a Member of the
tkl;teit. Beth axe tn.-prison and. their trial to now going on.--
Nouterrint-f W-onel AIN), elfiL f Cite tafr to General Rotten,
444 the Ec-CsmatilanKlez of the sororul battalion of the Na-
tional Voluntotas,, echo verse itreillitarnal at. the Llo:tpitai, hare
escaped from their keeiscrig,- one hr. i 3 gbt, and the other by a
natural death: they uvula most priltattly, both bare been este.
actor{. 31, Gohin, Ex-Deputy for Catalonia, rho is at
4.34tdaltss, has rteowed a letter (tiara M. Calatrera, 'who is
41: lab*** t" 10 ieim iiirrt, Ito assures hint that
be espeeu of wall, in a lsort tiote tike a ftvourable
tera. Assitaanations ate frequent in Catalonia. Fire $, too,
are the et-mna of vertrante - and even the 51agistrat>s, trying
mpg. a- star to *tam drixouti;f, are riot sparotl. "ibti e
eakle of 141:aniFin; basi his olive- txees,iltutroyod by fire, he-
eau se he tried to prettaa *onus-rent* of vitilenee. They write
front I dosirls. ittOrxdAy., stud; rise,ll..imes rahattestant Idi that town
with a sleactoraDta goilaisc Volauteerai to rkstenrtrotre the
mum Belgium. and t.Litiatell..lZkastettes„ known sts Ile led
bale s jjm tt ratinsbur Of i I.:habitats of these two towns as pri.*,
ewers. in. whose rosaitssitors %Iris arrirt bad been found as the
Cooaloniaost err. arzaille"al •keeP izs ;belt pontessiort
fir their persona idftty.

ON THE ABOLITION OF THE 'CENSORSHIP.

(BY M. DE CIUTEAUBUIAND.)

" I intended to publish several other pamphlets, as sequels
of my work against the -Censorship, a work which the,Cen-
,e
sors did not even
_permit to be announced. Ilnii happy em
. I to have the weapons broken iu my, hands?: to change
: ._e_e • •
my importunate re strances to.the Minisraosi into prtusee
An '
of the King. We may expect every thing from the prin-
ciples of the old Monarchy, from that honour seated on othe.
throne with Charles X.: our hopes have not been disappointed.
The Censorship is abolished—honour restores us to liberty.
May he, our excellent Monarch, be recompensed by the hap.
pinesshe bestows on us. let us also offer up our -vows at the
feet of the Dauphin, whose powerful influence and generous
sentiments we recognise; he is always the Prince Liberator.
The Charter was what we wanted.; the Charter -is what we
could have most excellent at the moment of the restoration.—
Once admitted, .it must be seen that it cannot be executed
1 with the ,Censorship ; and even more—the Censorship mixed
with the -Charter would produce sooner or later a revolution,
for the following reasons :—The representative Government,
-without the liberty of -the press, is the worst of all ; it would
be better to have the Divan of Constantinople. Cowardly
mockery of every thing most sacred amongst men ! That Go-
vernment is then only a traitorous Government which calls
you to a liberty which ruins you, and which makes a terrible
means of oppression out of ' this liberty. Let us suppose,
which is ' not impossible, that a Minister succeeds in cor-
rupting the Legislative Chambers. These enormous machines
would destroy every thing in their march, attracting to their
wheels your children and. your property. And do not sup.
pose that a Minister must be a man of genius to accomplish
this; it is only necessary that the press be silenced, and that
the corruption -which follows this silence prevails. In the
ancient absolute Monarchy, privileged bodies and the Magi-
strates stopped, and could overthrow a dangerous Minister.
Are there the same resources in a representative Monarchy 1'
if the press is silent,. who will do any justice on a Minister
supported by the inajority of both Chamber.? lie would op.
press the King, and the tribunals, and the nation. Under the
Censorship, there are two ways of ruining you, according to
his system. He may drag you towards either democracy or
absolute despotism. With the liberty of the press this danger
does not exist. This liberty would soon form a national opinion
which would soon restore things to order. If this liberty had
existed under our first assemblies, Louis XVI. would not have
perished, but at that time the. revolutionary authors alone
wrote, and Royalist authors were sent to the scafibld. I have
read, indeed, in a pamphlet published in answer to mine, that
Selim, Mustapha and Tippoo Saib fell victims to the liberty
of the Press. To this I know not what to answer. The
liberty of the Press is, then, the only counterbalance to the
Inconveniences of a Representative Government, for this Go.
vernment has its imperfections as well as every other. By the
liberty of the press it is necessary here to-understand the liberty
of the periodical press, for it is established, that when the
Journals, are not free, the
.press . is deprived of that in.
titmice of the moment which is necessary to enlighten the
people. It has never done any injury to talents and probity ; it
is only terrible to mediocrity and a bad conscience. But it is
not very clear why these 'should be spared, or what exclusive
right they have to govern the Stete. .This necessity of the li.
berty-of' the press is so much greater amongst us, as we are
only commencing our constitutional career, anti have not yet
any very decided social existence. There are amongst us
many fortune hunters, and Ministers acquire their places rather
by chance.. It is necessary, therefore, for the safety of the
Crown, to keep a close watch over those men who may obtain
power by a means not very regular. It is said that the Con.
sorshiP is favourable to authors, relieving them from responsi-
bility, and sheltering them from a severe. law. Is it the inte-
rest of authors that we are here discussing relative to the liberty.
of the press in a political sense? This liberty ought to be coma
. tiered with regard to the general interests, with regard to time citi.
:tens, and with regard to the whole society ; it is a liberty which
ensures every other in a Constitutional Government. When you
speak to us therefore of authors, you confound literature and po-
hties, criticism and the Ceniorshipi and you do not understand
a single word of the matter about which you speak. Others,
angry on account of the brutal manner in.which the censorship,
is exercised? still admit the principle; they would have esta.
Wished a mild and moderate oppression ; they would have put
time liberty of the press in the pillory, and would strangle it with
a silken cord. Others, seeking for motives for the censorship,
an-ii fi,aling no reasonable ones, -pretended that having, per-
il:to, to examine in-the next Session the proper means to heal
the lathwomuls of the State, the censorship-was necessary to
prevent•the . voice of foreign passions from mingling with the
discussions of the tribune. i. demand, however, how such
queetions could be agitated without ,the liberty
Mutt secrecy be of.' the press ?
preserved to do justice ? Will. your cause
not be suspected? Will your intentions not be calumniated,
if you Mean to treat in the dark and with .closed doors time
Otters of all. France ? On the .contrary, . open all the doors ;
call the public, like it Grand Jury, to a knowledge of the cause,
you will ACC if we shall blush to plead for unfortunate fidelity.
We, -who -speak frankly of liberty, without this word injuring
our mouths (and since when have religion. and justice cease
to be the- two bases of' true liberty), let .us speak.openly on the
principles of tho-'Charter, and we may demand, without our
being suspected of any concealed intentions, what moral and re.
ligicus order retjuires from a society that wishes to subsist. The
last attempt which has been made has proved that it is 110 longer
passible to establish the censorship amongst, us ; we have made
such progress in. Constitutional Institutions that. the Censors
themselves were. ashamed to own their appointment. Front
one end of France to the other, opinion has dc-mantled the
liberty of time press, because it had been, .tieateably enjoyed
for two years, and had been demonstrated during the Spanish
war, -that this liberty injured nm bedy,. and was _adapted to
all tratteions ; it was an acm uired. right, all the value of
I which til3 not felt when it was possessed, but which was
known immediately it was, lost. Henceforth our institutions
are sheltered, and we shall proceed .with a firm step in trod-
den 'paths. Ter, years have worked great changes in the
mind ; praiudices are' effaced, and hatred hag -disappeared ;
time has carried off men, and new generations have risen
up under our new institutions. Each.person is gradually
taking his place,. and the eyes are turned lions an affecting
past to a smiling future. The abolition of tha censor-
ship has an advantage at this moment, which I must point
out. We can praise our Princes without-any restriction—
we may declare our thougimes without its hieing said that
this declaration is dictated by the Police; - It is necessary that
Europe should know that every timing is true in the sentiments
of the French ; that opinions are unanimous; that opposition
meets at the foot of the throne to - knpport I hl •
. an* bless It. Louis
XVIII. extends his benefits beyond his life ; . he terminated time
Ilevotetien by the charter, he recaptured his power-tr. the war
in lipain, ‘and his death, ti:e object of such must reirets, has,
however, eemeolidated the reeurration, by pntting one reign
between the usurpation and the accession of elterles X:.-
Within one vonnth this reiteration has advanced a century
the monarthy has made a giant's step; what a tomnpiete
triumph for legitimacy, and for that which is excellent in the {
system I A King—time fad legitimate King nho was on the-
throne after a revolution of .:441 y ears—dirs. lie teed governed
with WisdOin ; Nit those 'wile do not understand the /xmwer of le-
gitimacy, and secret einbirioeme interests, jealousies, all murmur,
—"Vimis street of timings migin last during the life of Louis
XVIII., but you will see at the end of his reign." Well„ we
have now seen—we hare seen one brother succeed to another,
time same as a son succeeds to his father ie the most tranquil pro-
perty. It is 'flintily perceptible that the Sorereign is ehetged, one
of time greatest events under sn oment. ciumernstaneeS to aCCOOI-
plkhomi with the em;rauest simplicity. As in - an ordinary leime-
titaness, the seals ere broken; it is-nothing, it is minis the crown',
of Frazee thick }lessee form one head to another—it is only the ,
sceptre of St. Lents which Chartee X. takee from the ashoe of
Louie .X V II I. - is any rearm i ation heard of I' Where are the.:
pretenders of the republic and -of the unpin' ? - Is there any
power in- the world mlisproed to contest the throne -with the-
new King? :Were herons at some, drums, and trempets ame...
comity, a parade and :iltr t4itery, a display of the mai tery force,
to 43ancea) coin) time dazzled multitude the Ilouttful rights of
an usurper? No. The King is dead ! Long lire the 'King
—This is all, teld every one looks after hie own tarsi/wee ; his
mind at liberty, his beast content, -without any dread for the
future, without risking " what. will happen to-morrow?" The
the pelitica e i powrless not perivinall ; nor
crT°etvt.wil:",trafit.l.)owanir,
the hoe timate succession of the Royal Family
guarantees to every reivete family its' legitimate succession.— '
What hurt become of oil/ those rash allusions to-the fete of a.
for eip. Prince? Where oil -we find the leastlesesablance•

in times, in events, or in Sovereigns ? Those indications of
temper which were taken tin the suggestions of truth, for the
instruction of history, vanish before facts and virtues, and ne-
ver were virtues more evident, nor facts more decisive. If roy-
alty triumph,:the King does not triumph the less. Charles
the Tenth has raised himself to a level with his fortune ; he
has shown that he knows thi3 manners of his age, that he takes
the monarchy such as time and the revolution have made it.
Ile said to the Magistrates, continue to be just, and decide
impartially ; to the Peers and Deputies, that he would main-
fain as King the Charter he had sworn to observe as a subjecf,
'and he has- kept his word ; he has restored to us the most va-
luable of our liberties. He said to the French Protestants, that
;his benevolence should extend to all his subjectS; to the Mini-
sters of the Catholic Religion, that he would protect with all
his power the religion of the State, the religion which is the
foundation of every society; he recommended this same reli-
gion as the basis of public education. All those words, which
are political axioms, have enchanted the Nation. Charles the
Tenth may boast of now being as powerful as Louis XIV.
was ; of being obeyed with as much zeal and as much activity
as the most absolute Monarch of Europe. To know where we
have indeed with the Monarchy, one must have seen the Mo-
narch going to Arotee Dame. The whole of this great people,
in spite of -the inclemency of the weather, saluting their king
on horseback, who advanced before his poorest subjects to
take their petitions, with that air which belongs only to
him—one must have seen him at the Champ tie Mars, in the
middle of the National Guards, the Royal Guards, and 300,000
spectators. Day of power and liberty which spewed the Crown
in all its force, and which gave to opinion its organs and its
independence. A King is well placed in the middle of his
soldiers when he leaves to his people all which can contribute
to the dignity of man. The sword is for him, it can destroy
every thing, and he only uses it for the preservation of all. Thus
the enthusiasm was not feigned ; it was not of that species
which dies on thelips of the hired beggar, charged under ty-
rants to express the public joy, or rather the public misery; the
cries came from the bottom of the heart, where it beats with
force, when it is filled with love and gratitude. Those who re-
collect former times, will recollect very different fetes at . the
Champ de Mars ; then, the Monarchy was at an end—now, it
is beginning again. Are these the same people ? yes, but the
cured, the uisabused people. They had sought for liberty
through unheard-of calamities, and they had tbund only glory;
their legitimate Princes could alone give them the good which
factious tribunes and a-military despot had deridingly promised
them. If the blessings of a people, as we cannot doubt, call.
down the blessings of (leaven, they have descended on the head.
of our Sovereign anti the Royal Family. Never was France.
happier, more glorious, or more free, than on this day. But at
seeing tiis family in mourning in the midst of so much joy, the
mind turns tenderly towards that other monarch, who is not yet -
descended to the tomb ; the aspect of a multitude free from.
every sort of slavery, and protected by generous institutions,
recals the memory of the august author of the. Charter. What
a country is -France.! The cities bring their keys to the funeral
beds of their Generals, and the people the homage of their
liberty ou the.collin or their Kings.
" Viscount CHATEAUBRIAND,. Peer of France."

SPAIN.

'From the Morning Chronicle.'

.MADR/D, SKPT. 16.—1 can't resist the :plea-
sure of being instrumental in circulating a Royal Order of yes-
terday, very mach admired here for its wisdom and efficacy at
the present moment. You will find it inclosed in the Diario,
being to check what theloyal ones in England call " sedition
and blasphemy." This Legislative measure has another salu.
tary tentlency— of holding up to the just enmity and indigna.
tion of the friends of social order," all merchants anti all
traffickers, down to theseller of dulcet'---it being notorious that
such as are given to•the Jewish propensity of turning a penny
for the sake of profit are, generally, able to read and write,
and often turn tins talent to the mischievous purpose of talking
and circulating news and things they do not understand—they
should be discouraged and silenced ; I should like to see your
" collected wisdom" pass such a law next Session.
- -

•
---------
Inclosed you will find another Royal Order, scarcely less
wise than the above-mentioned, which leaves no stone unturned
to increase the Voinntarios Realistas, that grand prop of the
throne and altar. The late Al inisters (who are now in prison)
passed all their time in working to put down this force, which
the present Ministers.are working as hard to re-establish,—the
wisdom of the latter measure is admitted by.every one.
Since writing the above, the Police Minister has issued his
decree, which being a good thing, I also inclose it. Measures
of rigour are only beginning.

THE at:NERAL SUPERINTENDENT Of POLICE or
TILE E.INGRom TO .Al 4. THE EMPLOYES IN THAT
BRAN cu.
On entering on the duties of the General Superintendent of
Police of the Kingdom, anti when I hoped that this so difficult
and troublesome office might lose something of its hard burden
by the aid and co-operation of the Authorities, and particularly
of the Royalist corps, who., placed in that• secret and intimate
harmony with this establishment which the good of the cause
which both defend demands, ought tote the jealous and useful
co-adjutors of the branch ; my heart is sadly surprised with the
notices which reach me from all parts, that between the Police'
and the other Corporations, there is nothing but odious rival-
ries, fatal collisions, open and scandalous opposition, which
keeps the agents of this so important branch occupied in de-
fending themselves from die attacks that this division provokes
against them, instead of occupying themselves exclusively in
the defence and security of religion and the throne, the only
object of the institution. One would suppose, from all the ac-
counts I receive, that a great part of the Employes of this
paid by our Sovereign to defend and pre-
v throne, but purchased by his enemies to place
sberranechhiasrenot
victory in their hands, by.means of the most scandalous divi-
sion, conformable to that infallible principle which says—Di-
vide and Conquer. Has treason and black masonry, sallying
from their horrible and dark clubs, contrived to introduce itself
into the Police, into this sacred circle, the door of which ought
to be completely shut even on the loyal, if lukewarm or un-
decided ?

But from henceforth let every one tremble, who, in serving
my orders, does not act according to my proper spirit. Reli-
gion and the King; these arc the august and truly sacred ob-
jects, whose defence, stability, and glory, are entrusted to the
Police : treason and vime, are the horrible monsters, whose
abliohite extermination is our principal duty. To aid and pro-
tect, with all our force, the loyal defenders of the Sovereign ;
to seek his enemies every where; to follow them wherever
they endeavour to hide themselves ; to introduce ourselves
into their most secret caverns, and, periecute them to their
total extermination.; these are the 'means of arriving at the de-
sired end.

Unhappy he, 'who,, from this day henceforward, separates
himself from this path a single step, a single line ! The stroke
of a thunderbolt trout 4.daik cloud not more speedy than the
castigation which will overtake evcryime in - the Police, who,
faithless to his delicate duty, tkviates in the least degree front
it. Nor will mere lekewarnmem be ,viewed in any other light
than as a crime. If, in other departments, the want of a zeal
truly fervent may tolerated, the Police cannot suffer this in-
difference; every thing in it must be decision, activity, zeal.—
The sword hangs over the head of those .who dare to think
otherwise.

If, hitherto, he who hoped the repentance of the enemies
of God and the King could be heard without disgust, shall
he now merit the same. itululence ? No ; ail have been in
position to do the same as tiiose of Tarifa, Almeria, Mar-
bells, and Jimenit ; but, the official dispatches, as well as the
private letters, from
.the provinces, prove to us that there
have been none of those who d2clared themselves for that ac-
cursed publication, called, with sacrilegious audacity, the Sa-
cred Cade, who, by their countenance, their actions, and their
every attitude, did not show very clearly their sharing the same
senumentsi the same ideas; awl the same desires with those
traitors. And in what points were they not Surprised preparing
to break out ?

• No: uo other Opinion
can be maintained: their treason and
their apostacy are Incorrigible. With their extermination alone
can the public tranquillity be secured. But what a difficult un-
dertaking.! Secured in their masonic caverns, walled in their
towers, hidden in their secret cabins, who can combat them ?
But let all our works show that this is really the object towards
which our exertions are directed—that real for religion and the
King idevonr our heart •, that after our idolised Sovereign and
his Hoye! Family, nothing is more dear to us, nothing so much
deserves our consideration as those who, urged by a loyalty
without limits, have voluntarily devoted theinselves to defend.
our altars, our throne, and our property ; arid 1 am certain that
all the good will assist as in the discovery and persecution of
this race of iniquity, who can only live between irreligion and
anarchy.
In the mean time I conrmand under the strictest responsibility
that all the cntployei in the Police regulate their conduct ac-
cording to these sentiments ; that they preserve, by all weans.
the strictest harineny with the other authorities; and that, con-
vinced cs they ought to he of the great service the Royalists do,
and ought to do, to the cause of Uod and the King, they pro_
mole forcibly the augmentation of these corps in all the vil-
lages, however small, dispensing to them, as much as lies in,
their power, all proteixion merited by those who 50 its..
routly and disinterestedlyienlist under the standard of rdi
Lad lqyaltY. MARIANO .E,LJFINO GONZALEb.
Madrid, Sept.:l4, 1824.
By order ,of the Superiztentient-Gmertil of Police of the
Kingdom. JOSE LOPEZ R.EQLJENA.
