The Supreme Board has sent the followiug Let-

ter :
" MOST SERENE SIR,
" D. DIONISIS CAPEZ, Member of this Board, and
an Ensign in the Navy, accompanied by the Portu-
gueze Captain D. SEBASTIAN MARTINEY, iS going,
in the name of this Board, to inform Y. M. S. H.
of the occurrences which have lately taken place,
and, as they are thought most important, it has
been deemed requisite that he should give you
verbal account of the same, that you may take the
Resolutions 'and send us the assistance which we
stand in need of. May God, &c.
(Signed) " The Marquis DE CARRION."
" Ayanionte, lune .o, 18o8."
The purport of this verbal information is, that
the French have been driven from the Forts on the
right Bank of the Cuadiana,, opposite to Aya-
monte : the inhabitants of the left, assisted by the,
few regulars 'who were there, and a handful of
armed Portuguese, have beaten the French by which
• they were garrisoned, and hoisted the Spanish flag
in. every one of them. The loss -of the enemy
amounts to 91 prisoners, and a number killed.
The whole of. the Kingdom of Algarve is in a
state of insurrection. Villa Real and Castromarin,
as well as the Batteries of the Casmasquera and St.
Anten have been taken possession of.
The 'Rebel, MALLIT, has beep handcuffed, and
let down into a dry well, with 26 other individuals.
The remainder of the French Troops have fled to
the mountains. Tarino, Taro and Onllon, are up
in arms, 'and the military chests of the French
have been•seized. The few Spanish troops above-
mentioned consisted of Catalonians, Provincials, and
a small number of Murcians.
A Portuguese Captain is comp to inform the
Board, that Algarve and the whole kngdom wish
to be under its proteCtion, in alp name ©f VERPI-
- VII

Particulars of the A uicn between the French Squadron arid
-the Batteries at Cadiz.--From the Gibraltar Chronicle.
" Royal Lle of Lean, June to.

" At a quarter past three in the evening of the
9th inst. the Batteries of the Chornell Del Troaders
opened upon the French Squadron, consisting of
three Ship of the Line and a Frigate. Those of the
Arsenal of the Caracca, of the Storehouses, and Maga-.
zines, situated at the Point of Camera, followed
immediately, and were supported by the Flotilla
stationed in the said Arsenal, and by that on the
.Cadiz station, which anchored opposite Fort Louii ;
while the French Ships themselves lay in the Canal
of the Arsenal, in-such a position that they were out
of reach of the Cannon of the Castles, as well as of
our own Squadron.
The French Ship of the Line Algeciras finding
herself greatly annoyed by the itlortar battery of
the Caracca, direaed the whole of her fire against
it, and succeeded in dismounting its ordnance, but
without killing any of the men.
The Gun-boat, No. 17, commanded by Ensign
of Frigate VALDERS, and Esclacras MESLICA, were
sunk, but no lives were lost, as during the whole
of the engagement we had but three or four killed;
and as many'wounded.
f, With respea to the Enemy, we are unac.
quainted with the extent of their loss, their Ships
having suffered in their hulls, but not in their
masts ; the Algeciras alone having lost her fore-top
mast and cross-jack yard.

" A few shot from the Enemy's Frigate fell in
the arsenal, one of which killed one of the slaves;
three reached the stores, but did no harm 136, the
magazines, which were empty, and others, various
other places.
" One of the Enemy's Gun-boats blew up, and
three boats were lowered from the stern of one of
their Line-of-battle Ships, bui whether with people
with, them is not known. The firing on both sides
ceased at eight o'clock,"

WE yesterday announced the arrival
,of La Gloire
Frigate at Portsmouth. She sailed from the Tagus
on the 7th inst. The intelligence which she brings
is in perfe& unison with that which bad previously
reached us respe&ing the enthusiastic patriotism
which prevails throughout Portugal. JUNOT, it ap-
pears, has taken every possible precaution to secure
himself in Lisbon ; he has recalled all the divisions
which he had. dispersed in different parts of the
Country, by which means his force is raised to about
12,000 men. He has had recourse several times to
a very silly expedient, to induce the people of Lisbon
to believe that he has received reinfbrcements from
Spain : He ordered, at different times, regiments
to march out of Lisbon at a very early hour in the
morning, and then made them return in the course
of the day, covered with dust, as if they had just ar-
rived from a long march. This manoeuvre, however,
only excited the ridicule of the Portuguese.
The Spanish troops still remain disarmed on
board the hulks in the Tagus. juscrr contrived to
disarm them before they were acquainted with the
determination of the. People of Spain to resist the
atrocious plan of
.BITONAPARTE. He ordered them
to assemble on the Parade at three o'clock-in, the
morning, -where they were immediately surrounded
by' the French troops, and ordered to lay down their
arms.

JUNOT'S fears of the Russians seem to be as great
as those which he entertained of the Spaniards, and
he has taken every precaution to prevent any inter-
course between the British and Russian Fleets.

General MURAT appears to have been sensible of
the dangerous state in which Gener.ll DUPONT was
placed; for though his own situation at Madrid was
precarious, he dispatched a corps Of aoout 5000 men
to reinforce DUPONT, and, according to accounts from
Seville, of the 28th ult. that Corps had entered La
Mancha, The Marquis DE CASTANOS- had -ad-
vanced to Cordova, and was taking proper measures
to prevent the two French Corps from forming a
junEtion.

IT is one of the common artifices of party Writers,
when they find it difficult to make any substantial
complaints against Ministers, to assert, or at least to
insinuate, that they are divided among themselves.
We have often had occasion to comment upon this
hackneyed trick, but we have little reason to do so
at ptesent, though the Opposition Writers are as
a6tive as ever in the circulation of such reports, be-
cause they never were circulated with less probabi-
lity of having any effea- upon the Public, however
they may tend to revive the hopes of a desperate
party. Never, we will venture to say, were'such
reports so little favoured by the real state of the
case.—But some of the Opposition Writgrs do not
content themselves with merely asserting and. insi-
nuating that there are divisions in the Cabinets they
Kaye the temerity, we might use a much harsher
word, to declare that these divisions are injurious to
the country and that glorious cause which Great
Britain has" so nobly come forward to support on the
(;:9[l:inent. We stated, a day or. two ago, upon the

IDesi authority, that Sir k.WE.l.Liarr Wal destined to
proceed to the Tagus, in order to assist the Portuguese,
who are as resolute in the attempt to throw off the
chains of oppression, as the heroic Spaniards are in.
their endeavours to resist the Corsican's iniquitous

design to enslave them. But the Opposition Writers,
instead of approving the condua of Ministers in be-
ing thus zealous to support the glorious efforts of
the two Nations„ give their own representation of
the course which Sir ARTHUR was to pursue, aad
then censure Ministers for absurdities which are the
mere fabrications of Party. These Writers, without
knowing a syllable of Sir ARTHUR'S destination but
what they have derived from us, venture to say, that
he -was first to proceed to Corunna and Ferrol,
in order to communicate with the Spanish Pa-

triots, and then detelm;ne whether he was to
land in that quarter or proceed to Lisbon.—
Can these Writers suppose that the public
will believe that Sir ARTHUR was to atit upon
uncertain and indeterminate views. Our Readers
may be assured that all, praEticable communication
is kept up with the Spanish Patriots,, and that all
possible assistance ►s rendered to them in another
way. Well, but after allowing Sir ARTHUR WitL.
LESLEY to proceed to Lisbon, the Writers think it
necessary to damp the. public expeetation, and tell
us that Sir ARTHUR'S Situation is very hazardous and
critical, that his force is barely 10,000 men, that iv-
Nor's, "- by every credible source of information,.ton-
sists of at least 17,000 i." (hovrwilling are these Writers
to give credit to any thing favourable to the Enemy,
and how sceptical as to every thing advantageous to
their Goutitry !) that he is aided by the Russian
Ships of War, convertible into so many batteries,
and that therefore Sir ARTHUR has " fearful odds"
to encounter. As the gloomy disposition of these
Writers to presage evil seems to have deprived them
of all recolleaion, it may be proper to recall to their

minds the state of Portugal which isup in arms against
the French, and that JUNOT is so cooped up in Lisbon,
that he will have enough to do to defend himself, and

he has little reason to rely upon the Russian Fleet,
which has long been anxious to escape from such 3
tyrannous Ally, and which might rather be induced
to take part against him, considering the progress of
events in Spain as well as Portugal—events calcu•
lated to rouse_ the detestation of the Russians, when.
they find that BUONAPARTE'S aim to elevate his own
upstart family induces him to attempt to spread
slavery over all Europe. We trust we have allayed
the fears of the Opposition Writers
.for the, situa_.!
tion of Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY at Lisbon. But Or
task is not yet ended, for these same Writers 21'.
ledge, without having the least knowledge of the
fgt. " that General SPENCER'S force, which is des-
tined to a 6.1 with Sir A. WELLESLEY, has returned
from Ayamonte to Cadiz ;" and this circumstance •
they deem " unfortunate," because it will prevent
the immediate co-operation of the forces under these
gallant Officers. The Writers alluded to are hoc'
ever more discreet than we conceived, for they have
heard of what Touchstone says, and they know that
there is " much virtue in an if:" therefore they wisely •
add, that the co-operation, in question, "if absolutely
essential (what a sagacloas qualification) to Sir Ail'
THUR'S views,must occasion considerable delay." NV*
heartily agree with these profound Politicians anti
most anxious Philanthropists, that if there were any
truth in their premises, there might be some fora
in.their conclusion ; but alas with all their " credi'
ble sources of information," they must first es'

tablish
,the premises before they suffer their " ge'
nius ,to hurry them to a conclusion." But whi
was it unfortunate or impolitic for General SPENCER
to return from Ayamonte to Cadiz ? He had per'
formed a service which he was requested to under'
take by the Spaniards, and having effe&ually per'
formed it, he returned to Cadiz to render them all
other service which the situation of their affdirs
might require. We now, we trust, have in some
degree contributed to soften the alarms of the Party
Writers respe&ing the pro )able fate of Sir Aargvit
WELLESLEY at Lisbon, though, as we are per'
suaded that they derive comfort from the fabri-
cation of reports of want of " unanimity, 36,tivity,,
and enterprize in the Cabinet," it would be un'
charitable, to rob them of that poor consolation,
particularly as the people of this Country, and of
every other, will look with gratitude on the zek
vigour, promptitude, and, we doubt not, efficaef,
of those .measures which the British Government

has adopted in order to stop the careerof a ferociool,
Despot, and accomplish the deliverance of Europe.

On Wednesday, her,MAJEsTY. and the PAIN cEssol
with their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of COMO:LI'
LAND And CAMBRIDG-8, honoured Mr. and Mrs.
TH 0 R NTON with a visit, at their beautiful villa a"
•
Lieutenant-General .Lord POET quitted LonOric
last night, on his way to embark. at Portsmouthi fob
the command which his L..ordship is to have in 0,
d"
Grandjor- Gener Expeditialon.
-we
Ma EDWARD PAGET set off on -
nesday for the same purpose. ',Ave
About six tons of hats, cockades, and shces,
been. sent off from London to Gijon, fer the use
the Spanish Patriots,
