James gave more evidence of it in many battles
than has ever been given by Charles the Tenth.
Morning Chronicle.

All the justice that the .warmest language, and
the most unanimous expression of 'opinion, that we
have ever known:on any subject of national or fu-
reign interest, has been done to the gallant spirit of
the people of France collectively, in resisting the
attempt to destroy their con-titutional end to
impose upon • them the fetters of desOotkm ; but
there is one portion of the community which ought
to be singled out for special praise and adMiration,
a 4 having, during the Polignite reign, not only kept
alive the spirit of freedom at great risk, ho'h to
person and prop, rty, but as having guided and di-
rected it to the great and glorious .end which hay
been accomplished. That portion is the Liberal
Press of France, which, notwithstanding the perse-
cutions of the Polignac Administration, continued
to expose its despotic intentions—to keep alive sus-
picion of its designs, and, filially, to fan the moul-
dering embers of national discontent into a flame
' which has consumed both the tyrant and his tyranny.
No admiration can be too high of the conduct dis,
played by it, nor any language do justice to the im-
mense service which it has rendered, both to Francs
and to Europe; but we trust, that whenever a
public meeting shall be held—and a meeting ought
to be held—in the metropolis, or in the provinces,
due notice will be taken of its exertions, both from
gratitude for its benefits, and in order to impress on
the public the necessity of watching with care, and
viewing with jealousy, any attempt to destroy its
freedom. It is the best guard of our national
liberties, as it has proved the salvation of those of
France ; and, however it may occasionally trans-
gress the rules of fair and moderate :fiscussion, its
immense utility us an engine for the expression of
public opinion, ought to render it a matter of na-
tional importance to cherish it with care, and to re-
sist, with determined perseverance, every attempt
to shackle or enslave it.—Morning Adverliter.

-----
FRENCH REVOLUTION.

SPIRIT OF TUE PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.

(From the Notibigham Review.)

Tux Fmtrickt ItevoLuTtorc.—The new French revolu.

ion will stand as the most astonishing event in modern

times. We predicte4 in our last that the King of France
would soon be an exile from hie dominions, but little (lid
We think the great work of a nation's redemption from
slavery would be effected in so short a time. The whole
people of Paris, not the men on!y, but the women, and
even the children, have risen at once Ito arms, have driven
the military from the city—the King fled away, his wicked
ministers shrunk back in the hour of trial, Ind France, in-

stead of crouching at the feet of a tyrant, has risen up
erect, broken the bonds which were attempted to be
rivetted upon her, and has excited the astonishment, the
gratitude, the admiration of the whole civilized world 1.

• (From the Berk, Chronicle.)
FRANCE.—We have given copious details of the sangui-
nary procet dings in the French capital, in preceding co-
lumns. The Revolution is complete, en far as the liftman+
is concerned; Charles X. is declared to have abdicated
the throne—a punishment very moderately appropriated to
his political offence—to his utter faithlessness—worthy of
the Jesuitical order of which he is the acknowledged pa-
tron and protector. The Duke of Orleans will ha the
new Sovereign, and the name of Louis is again added to
the list of French Princes. We hearth last evening, from
very high authority, that not only is it the determination
of his Mujesty's Government not to interfere in the pro-
ceedings of tie French people,—but that a strong remon-
Bounce has been fotwarded to Charles X depreciting
his violent and unconstitutional conduct. This determina-
tion of our gracious Monarch is worthy of those patriotic
hrincil lea by which he is evidently actuated.
• (From the Doncaster Gazette.)

Of the extraordinary events wide% have transpired in
the French evitil, we have presented as full an account
as nor limits will permit. The.ie events on the firq
receipt of the intelligence,- excited in this country a
deeper feeling of fearfulness than has been expelienced fur
a long series of years, 'lest the torah of discoid, attain
lighted and thrown dawn, might set fire to the whole
of Europe. That feeling, however, it let gratiftng to
learn, has, in a considerable &grill, subsided. Expire
sines of astonishment at the result which has hero at

twined, and of adatirdtinti at the enthusiasm, the resolu-
tion, the patriotism, the unanimity, the self.tlevotion
which have been evineed by the ciiizena or Paris, have
since universally pr,Naigd. The hire attempt to attain
the Title of tleliotism has b cu completi•ly tlefeve,l; and
the King, depoaed and a wanderer, Ia also s supplb.ant to
the proviaional government tor a safe .coodout through
the kingdom.

(From the Wakefield Journal.)

So great is the interest excited in this country, by a
revolution so sudden and yet so complete, that it almost
supersedes that Of the general election—an event to En,llish.
men always of the highest importance. It is highly pleas-

lnr, however, to observe the universal reprobation with
which t!.e mad and ryrannie conduct of C, crier and his
wicked advisers is visited by inen of all pities in this
country. It affords It strong prestiimption that, if it were
possible, fir a British mandrel' and his Alinisters to make
such an intone attempt, they would meet with a similar
resistance, and be involved in a similar fate. Rut in
13, itain direct tyranny need not be feared. Tlwre is, bow.
ever, a tyranny of corruption equally effectual to fetter and
destroy the liberties of the people, though more silent and
secret in its mischievous operations. Against this it be.
hove* Brit°lts to be continually on their guard, and vigi.
!witty to oppose its every encroachment. Tide tl.ey can-
not more effectually do, than by electing, as their rePre.
sentatives in Parliament, men who will carefully watch
fur their safety.

(From the Coventry Herald.)

The Revolution in France haw proceeded with the sue.
revs that every friend to a free Government coal desire.
There perhaps was never a greater outragetommitted by a

Monarch on hie people, than the one recently perpetrated
by Charles the Tenth, nor could the circumstances of the
country be more favourable fur resistance to it. Poor,
infatuated, old man ; how worthless was his object ! how

ctimiu4l, how execrably traitorous, were his means ! Let
the circumstances be examined, and it will excite astonish.
mein when it is observed, that this attempt was made

upon a well-organized system, and when the voice of the

entire nation had been legally expressed in the election of
its representatives. It Was nut a mere mob, casually ex.

cited, that was opposed ; but the whole French people, lu
the deliberate expression of their Constitutional rights. We
trust this event will be regarded as a great moral lesson by
the Sovereigns of Europe, which will teach them thbt
Kings reign only for the good of their subjects.
(From the Stamford News.)

Tux SUDS* Valll4l3lt nairOLUTlo*,--110101 quietly
may the greet triumphs of freedom he achieved when a
nation wills it. One battle and tile deed is done. A little
bloodshed, and liberty and peace become the portion of a
mighty people for ever, In seven drys, atietiiyt nation,ranti;
medi-
tating further encroachments on a high-
w
hurled rpm his throne, never more to return. The mind
of man, like the finger of Grad, is irresistible. Despotism
shakes and crumbles to ashes before it. A few voluntary
sacrifices perish, and then the thunders roll, the lightning*
flab, the proud palace tatters, falls, is swept away, and in
a few hours not a vestige remains of a self styled, " all
but omnipotent dynasty." The impulse from France will
communicate itself to all Europe. Italy will soon shake
off the yoke of Austria. Spain wilt invoke the return of
bar Mina, and the spirit of her murdered Itiego. Poland
will point to the tomb of .Kosciusko. Greece, in spite of
the meddling of pretended protectors, will be as great in
modern as she was in ancient times. Portugal will re-
lease herself from the claws of the doubly fersworti tyrant.
The lightning of liberty has gone forth; who shall stay it?
(Prom the Edinburgh Evening Courant.)
Thu singular scheme for subverting the liberate; of
Frame, prevents, from first to lest, an example of perverse
Infatuation, Bitch as is scarcely to he paralleled in history.
The design itself has been weakly contrived, 'and on the
most miserable miscalculations, Nor, in its execution,
has any energy of purpose been evince& This Is the
grand coup rant which was to establish the dignity of
the throne on the ruins of liberty; the master stroke of
courtiers and priests, which was to shake to its foundation
the Well established structure of the Constitution. Those
personages had the whole political stage to themselves,
and this is the farce or the tragedy tv'hich they have et-
bibbed ; for It truly be ilesigneted by either title, being
calculated, as it is viewed under different aspects, to ex-
cite, according to the words of the greet enemy of the first revolution,' " alternate laughter and team," So
skilfully-have the Francis courtiers contrived mutters, that
they have wit left themselves the vestige of a ease. There
is not a single circumstance which their warmest partisans
