remember, that the House of Commons has the
power when it has the will to make itself obeyed
—Morning Chronicle.
We have not as )et received any account:
from Paris subsequent to those of Thursday
night. The work of blood had then ceased,
and the work of justice or policy was to begin.
The insurrection had been put down by the Na-
tional Guard and the regular troops, at a great
expense of human life, and every thing depended
on the use which the Government was about to
make of its costly triumph. In speaking of the
late events, and expressing our opinions on the
conduct of the French authorities, in so far as
foreigners are entitled to discuss such topics, our
course has been clear and our step firm. We
can never defend any system, foreign or domes-
tic, which trenches on personal liberty or con-
stitutional right, nor can we condemn any move-
ment proceeding from just principles or real
grievances, however much we may depre-
cate the imprudent explosion of half-con-
cocted counsels, or lament the sanguinary ex-
cesses of honest but exaggerated zeal. In refrain-
ing to take vigorous measures against the Car-
lists—in permitting that detested faction to agitate
two large portions of the kingdom, and even to
hoist the tarnished banner of the Bourbons on

the feudal castles of La Vendee, contrary to the
warning of the public Press and the repeated
remonstrances of. the Deputies from the west and
the south,—in pursuing a course of unexampled
persecution against the political Journals whose
influence chiefly had expelled Charles X. and
erected the throne of Louis-Philippe, much
cause was laid for popular dissatisfaction, and,
consequently, strong excuses created by antici-
pation for the late republican riot. At the same
time we cannot permit the enemies of all liberty,
who are glad to take advantage of the disorders
and crimes committed in her name, for the pur-
pose of throwing discredit on her sacred cause,
to confound the late tumult in Paris with the
glorious resistance to perfidious despotism which
produced the resolution of 1830. What re-
semblance, indeed, is there between the two
events, except in the mere circumstance of
street-fighting and barricade-making ? They are
as dissimilar as possible in their origin, in their pro-
gress, and in their termination,—in the character
of the parties engaged,—in the objects for which
they contended,—in the principles on which
they are justified, and in the sympathies with
which the public regarded their result. In 1830,
a perjured King first violated the laws which he
had sworn to maintain, and then set loose his
troops to murder the people who adhered to
those laws. The whole capital felt that the hour
of liberty or slavery had 'sounded. The people
rose in a mass to assert their rights. The in-
surgents had a defined, a precise, and a glorious
object. The journalists, to the number of 42,
first exposed their lives by declaring the illegality
of the assumed despotism. It was, indeed, the
lower classes who first suffered from the insolence
of the troops—who then repelled the assaults,
and at last overwhelmed the pride of •the Bour-
bon myrmidons ; but they were supported and
encouraged by all the property, all the principle,
and all the respectability of the metropolis—by
the Judges of the land, who refused to execute
the illegal decrees—by the municipal authorities
—by all the citizens, whom they reverenced—
and by Peers and Deputies, who were ready to
take advantage of their triumph to establish con-
stitutional order on a more liberal basis. With-
out this encouragement from behind—without
this settled political ahn, the struggle of July,
1830, would have been as useless a tumult
as any rising at Constantinople on account of
the dearth of provisions, or any popular ferment
at exorbitant exactions. But in the insurrection
of last Tuesday and Wednesday in Paris, we
perceive none of those justifiable causes of civil
war. The King has been unpopular, and may have
personally been hateful, but he was not alleged
to have done any thing notoriously illegal. The
National Guards supported the interest of the
Government ; and the great body of the citizens,
instead of taking part with the insurgents, ap-
plauded the necessary severity of the authorities
in putting them down. The Press announced
no disobedience to any illgal ordinance,—and
no Peer or deputy, even the most violent, pro-
fessed any desire to overthrow the Government
or to change the dynasty. Indeed so opposed
are the most democratic deputies to any formally
republican change, that in the very journals
Which detail the events of this republican insur-
rection, we find a letter of M. Odillon Barrot,
deprecating any movement against the ex-
isting dynasty. " The other party," says he
(speaking of the enemies of Louis-Philippe),
who can only find a remedy for our cri-
tical situation in a revolution which would
proclaim Napoleon 11., or a republic, do
a great injury to liberty. There is always
danger in placing a people who are just emerging
from one revolution in the necessity of making a
new one. Besides, the sentiments of the immense
majority of the nation ought not to be over-
looked.' This intelligent, though ardent lover
of the late revolution, is thus opposed to all pro-
jects of a republic, and supports his opinion on
the concurrence of c, the immense majority of the
nation." So different are the objects in public
estimation for which the heroes of July fought
the guards of Charles X., and those for which a
body of republican rioters encountered the troops
and civic militia of Louis-Philippe. The King
and the Government have it now in their power,
by the conciliatory moderation of their measures,
and by their timely concession to reasonable
opinion, to render their recent success over the
republicans subservient to regulated freedom—or
to lay the foundation of anothei revolution, by
the display of military despotism and exercise of
judicial vengeance.—Times.
Since the foregoing observations were written,
we have received by express the Paris Journals
of Friday and Saturday, together with a letter
from our correspondent dated Saturday after-
noon. The melancholy forebodings of time
friends of liberty are likely, according to our cor-
respondent, to be realized, and the best fran-
chises of the. people seem, for a time, in as
great danger from the triumph of order as they
would have been from the tumultuous anarchy
of the insurgents. Why does not the King im-
mediately convoke the Chambers? We have,
however, no room for comment, and beg only to
draw attention to the contents of our express.
We owe it to truth to state, that Capt. Dessolles,
who commanded the 6th Dragoons, declares
that twenty shots were fired upon his men ,by the
rioters before he ordered a charge. The COlt 7 tier
Francais, a violently liberal Journal, admits the
truth of this fact, and expresses regret at having
lidded the public by a contrary statement.—
Times.

The events of the past week are well calcu-
lated to enlighten mankind, as to the advantages
which France has acquired by her boasted and
lauded revolution, and to check the ardour of
those who imagine that, for a nation to increase
its l~appiiiews sod promote its prosperity, it i
