ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

Earl UREY presented a petition from Darlington, praying
for the abolition of Slavery in our West India Colonies.—
Also Shriller 'petitions from Coggershall, in the North Rid-
ing of Yorkshire, and from a pariah in East Lothian. —Laid
on the table.
Earl DUDLEY and WA RI) begged to call the attention of
their Lordships to a petition which he held in his hand, from
' the Board of Council and House of Assembly in the island-of
Antigua. Ile certainly thought the inhabitants of that island
were good authority for all that concerned the slave population%
for he believed that as regarded their condition, both physical
and moral, the slaves of Antigua were better off than the slaves
of any other of the West India Islands ; and would bear an ad.
vantageous comparison wit's the free 'Clicks in any country.
The petitioners indulged in expressions which, perhaps, would
be considered too harsh against a certain body of persons in this
country, who were known as Abolitionists. Whilst lie acknow-
ledged that some of the expressions used in the petition-may be
considered harsh, he thought it just to observe that the Colonists
themselves had been the objects of unmeasured invective; and
it was not to be wondered at if they had not confined themselves
within proper bounds, when speaking of their Opponents. No.
thing contained in the petition was half as violent, however, as
expressions applied to the Colonists by the anti-slavery party in
this country. As far as regarded the House, he begged to ob-
serve that the language of the petitioners was perfectly respect-
ful, they only desired, and he thought justly pressed it upon
the Legislature, that if any measure injurious to their interests,
was fixed upon, they should receive a full and fair indemnity.-
Onthis subject he should trouble their Lordships whilst he
shortly stated his own opinions. lie did not think the Colo.
lists were intitled to' any
.indemnity, because the Legislature
passed Acts for the protection of the master on his improvement
in the condition of slaveiy. But the moment the Legislature took
another important step differing in kind and degree, the moment
it took away his services, or set the slave freo, they must then in.
demnify the masters. Where slavery ended there cbmpensation
must begin. It may appear extremely harsh that one man should
be the property of another man,: and so it was, but such had
been the practice for above one hundred years, and that practice
had been during that period sanctioned and protected by Clo-
yernment. If new light had now broken in on the world, and
that the horror of such a system was universally felt, the price
of that knowledge should be paid by the public, and not by the
descendants of those .who only shared the guilt, and were bat
the instruments of a general policy. It may be said, and he
knew it had been said, that the system of slavery was adverse
to the British Constitution, and that no compensation ought to
lie granted to those who pursued such a traffic. What could be
more contrary to the spirit of the Constitution titan the indemni.
fication of the owners of boroughs for the loes of those boroughs.,
yet this had been done in Ireland at the Union. The justice
of this indemnification was never impugned, and he contended,
that upon every principle of law, justice, and prescription, the
right of the petitioners to indemnification was much stronger.
In fact, in many of the petitions praying for the abolition of
slavery, the principle of indemnity was fully admitted. The
application of that principle was certainly full of difficulty.—
Some thought the substitution of free labour for slave labour
:desirable. He (Earl Dudley and Ward) was sensible that free
labour wasthe best, and tie was one of those, who did not think
it impossible that free labour may be gradually introduced into
our colonies with advantage. In this he differed with some of
the colonists. He saw that for a slight addition of profit, per-
sons could be induced to engage in the most laborious and
unhealthy employments 2 mid he did not see why this
in all
not operate in the West.lndies us well as all
,other countries, but he objected to any thing like a sudden
transition from slave labour to free labour. If several thou-
sand persons were immediately made free, it mast inevitably
be productive of the' worst consequences. 'At all events eman-
cipating any slaves would bean experiment, the risk of which
should be borne by the public, and not by the planters.—
But the planters were told that they were indebted to the
value of their slaves minus of, that which they gain by
what is called their:unjust monopoly. This would be similar
to a case where a person gave up a part of his property for a
road or barrack, and when he applied for coinpensation, should
be told, 0, certainly you are entitled to compensation, minus
what you derive, from what a Noble Lord opposite (Lord
King) would the most unjust system of' the Corn Laws.—
The.cases were parallel, and whether the monopoly of the Co-
lonists was just or unjust; the questions stood upon the same
ground. He (Lord Dudley and Ward) assured their Lordships
that his private' nterest in the Colonies was very small, too small.
to have weighed with him, if lie did not think there was justice
due to other persona. It was under this impression that he
addressed their Lordships. He feared that under the name of
humanity some persons proposed to sweep away the moat ordi.
nary principles of justice. At the conclusion of the petition
the petitioners had proposed what their Lordships would pro-
bably consider somewhat extraordinary. They prayed that Go-
vernment would take their whole property at a valuation, and
then try what experiments •they wished upon it. Ile did not
think Government would be disposed to consent to a proposition
for taking into their own hands the whole Island of Antigua ;
but he often thought that the improvements recommended
should first be tried on a small scale, anti confined to colonies in
the immediate possession of Government. At all events he
thought it desirable the. the experiment should first be tried
upoisa small scale.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL apprehended, that in point of
form, the petition could only be received as coming from the
speaker at the house of Assembly. This was a matter of Par.
liamentary discussion, which he should be glad to have settled.
No,doubtAhe Colonial A s,emblies should have some means' of
sating 'their grievances,lt was most important that they should
have such meanS, if it was admitted, as no doubt it was, that
,the,legisli.A.:re of this country had the right of legislating for
the Colonies. Ile did not wish to press the matter to an rm.
Mediate decision ; but he thought the consideration one of
con-
siderable in iportali ce,
okfter a fewobservationsfrom the Earl of LauDESDALE and
Viscount 111F.i4VILLE, upon the question of form, •
Lord CA LTH OR PE, ease, and claimed the attention of their
Loittliks, Whibit he offered a tel observations in reply to the
Noble Lord who presented the petition. He said the Colo.
nists, by their own,acts, and hy the resistance which they had
Offered to the measures of Qovanment, had brought down
heafier reProtichei and more obloquy on themselves, than had
been,heaped on them, by any party in this country. Per4ons in
this country Were justly warranted ,in throwing odium on the
Colonists, until they acted conformable to reason and the gprin
elides of humanity. The charges made against the' MOE-
Lim-16,Es were.altogether. unfounded. The Noble Lord charged
them with desiring a sudden and precipitate change; but he
(Lord Cahhorpe) believed, if the language of the .Abolitionists
was examined, it would be found that they had uniformly
advocated measures which should be brought into opera-
tion gradually: The Coloni,4s were amenable for the dread—
ful height of iniquity which was now to be found prevail.'
ing in the Colonies ; and he (I ord Calthorpe)`.would be glad,
and would be the first to bail it, if they could come for.
ward and clear themselves from the reproaches showered upon
them, in a manner more satisfactory to the House than they had
yet done. •

•
Lord DUDLEY and WARD exphiined. Ile said that the
anti-slavery party were liberal in their reproaches, and that this
produced retorts from the Colonies. As to the second charge,
that a portion of the Abolitionists ►pressed for a sudden change.
he did not think it unfounded, The Noble Lord (Calthorpe)
himself was reported to have expresed his desire that the abo-
haul) should take place during the life time of a very celebrat-ed ,
public character (Mr. Wilberforce) who, it is well known,'
was advanced in years: if an abolition. should take place be-
fore the death of this' Most tininent man, he (Lord Dudley and,
Ward) thought himself warran tedin saying it would be A Sud
den abolition.

Lord CALT 110.11,P explained. He had never used the ex.
pressions imputed-to him.. tweeting of the Anti-Slavery
&:ociety, soon, after the • retirement nf ;11r.. Wilbertince, he had
said, that even before that illustrious mau'a death, he hoped; he
may see a ilSible and antisfactory approach inane to a firm] o°7
lition, and by such a prospect, enjoy that reward of his labduis
which was yet withheld from him.
[We understand that at the suggestion of the LORD
CHANCELLOR, the petition was finally ordered to be referred

to a Committee, to consider the point of term referred to by tie
Earl of Ltvica Pool.. I
CORN LAWS.
Lord KING presented a petition from the Borough of Pres-
ton, praying for a repeal of the Corn Laws. Ile said that the
district in which the Petitioners reside winced much' from the
deed weight. Recalled the petition a petition ageing pauperism
and famine; as byelaw established, whenever.corn was shove
70s. the quartern, it would have arrived at a famine price, and
there was no saying that in the course of the year it may not
amount to that famine price. This was a question in which on
the one side, there was the landlords, and on the other the ge-
neral interests of the country-. It VMS power against reason and
justice, an* he was confident the latter would triumph in the'
end. it would certainly triumph, if the Noble Earl(Liverpool)
was not controuled and counteracted by those who had other
views besides the public good. If the system was persevered in,
by what magic could we prevent oar manufactures from being
transferred to other countries, where the necessaries of life were
so much more moderate, and the profit on capital as great ; and
if this communication should arise,how could the misery which
must arise be answered for ?
The Marquis of SA LISBURY wondered why the Noble
Lord (King), did not bring forward a specific motion forthc
re peal of the Corn Laws. -The course he was now, pursuing
had no other effect but to stir up the manufacturers against
their best friends—against those persons to whom they were
.principally indebted for their present prosperity. The manu-
facturers, he contended, depended, principally on the land-
, holders.—(Hear!)
Lord KING said, he could not bring forward the Bill he
would wish to bring forward. He wished to bring forward a'
Bill with duties, which he understood could not originate in
that House. If he could bring forward such a Bill, he would
do so to-morrow,

The Earl of I.ALTDERDALE thought it would be much
more manly if the Noble Lord brought forward a specific ma-
'en; but he believed that would not suit his purpose. The
Noble Lord knew nothing of the merits of the qut,stion, if he
thought that those who opposed a free trade in corn wiSted the
poor to have dear bread. In the reign of Charles IL corn should
have risen to 81. of the present money before it could be im-
ported, and at all periods it was proved that a reasonable pro-
tecting duty could not have the effect of raising the price of bread.
Did the Noble Lord mean to say that the price of labour had
any connection with the price of grain P Some thought the
price of labour depended upon the price of grain, others that it
was regulated by the currency. In his (Lord Lauderdale's)
opinion, it depended entirely upon the proportion of the supply
.to the demand. It was found too that in a cheep year, labour
rose, and in a dear year labour fell. Tire Noble Lord could
neither have attended to facts nor results, or else he could never
come forward in the .manner he did, night after night, super.
sing 4 body of men remarkable for their generosity. The land.
ed interest of England was remarkable above that of any other
country, for its regard for the poor, and he believed there was
no other man could be found to stigmatise it but the Noble
Lord.
Lord KIND said the Noble Earl charged him with using'no
other weapons but squibs, he could retort and say the Noble
.Lord's weapons ware paradox's and crotchets. The Noble Lord '
went back to the reign of Charles 11., but did not reflect how
diferent the state of the country was then and at present. Then
much good land was uncultivated, now much inferior land was
forced into cultivation by the • corn laws. As to the price of
labour, that lie contended must depend on the price of corn for
a series of years.
The Earl of MA LMESIILTRY congratulated the House
upon having ascertained the Noble Lord's (King's) sentiments.
—lie now understood that the Noble Lord did, not advocate a
free trade in corn, but protecting duties. Ile had really
thought hitherto that the Noble Lord was the champion of a
free trade in corn, whether it came from Odessa, Dantric., or
any other part of the world. The Noble Lord's attacks upon,
the landed interest were spoken with such a good,humoured
face, that he (Lord M.) could not feel angty with hini.

SCOTCH BANKING SYSTEM.'
The Earl of LAurnottm T. E presented Petitions front several
'Parishes in the county of FoxAsr, againat Any alteration in the
Scotch Banking System.—Laid on the tahle.
Lord Owynya presented. similar .Petitions from several
Parishes of Perthshire„ which were disposed of in the satrie,
manner.

• I PAYMENT OF NOTES.
. The Order of the Day having been reed,
The Marquis of eLANSDOWN'aaid, that ift moving the
second reading of the Bill for rendering notes payable at the
place where they were issued,' it was not necessary that he
Mould detain their Lordships by recalling to their attention a
subject_ which had been made'most familiar to them in a former
' part of the Sessions. Bat he wished to cornet a misconception
which, from letters which he had. received, he found had gone
forth—that the- object of his Bill wits, to prevent notes being
made payable at, other places than that tuners they were issued.
This certainly Was not the case. The measure did not interfere
with any of the places where it might be found convenient
• to make notes payable; it merely enacted that one of those places
should be the one where they hail been issued. The real ob.
jects of the Bill were twofold ; to check the circulation of notes,
and to ensure a free compatittbn td all banking establishments.
As to the first, their Lordships could not doubt that a check,
founded on a metallic basis; mast be the best and most efficient
of all checks.' • It was deSirahle that Itis operation should act as
speedily as possible, and what. could act more speedily than
giving every facility to the neighbours of a Bunk, and ewe.
dally the poorer classes, to change their notes immediately into
gold, as the very•first alarm they might feel as to the solidity of
that bank ; this was what the country had a right to require. It
would have been highly advantageous to the banks themselves.
had greater facilitiee of this kind 'been ailbrcied before the late
failures and the distresses which they occasioned. For had
banks been alarmed by a short and unfounded run upon them,
they would have curtailed their issues in time, and tints put an
end to the excess of over trading, and to the dangers with which
it was attended. As a proof of the importance attached to the
withholding of facilities for payment by those establishments
which had made an irruption into the respectable profession of
banking, and traded without sufficient capital, he would men.
don what had come to his knowledge. A country banker,
after Jawing a large number of notes, actually entered into an
agreement with the paymasters of several regiments, paying
them a per centage for circulating .his notes in every part
of the country where they went, and making. distance the
measure of the per centage. The other object of the Bill was
one or eeptal utility, to support the principle and reality of fair
competition. For banks allowed to issue notes payable at ,a
distance were enabled, without any property to entitle them to
it, to compete with dilate establiehments whose notes were
payable on the spot itself. As long es things were quiet there
might be no harm; but at the first moment of alum, those
whose notes were not payable pumped nit of -the other hanks,
and instead of providing a reservoir themeelves, made one
out of the exchequer of their neighbours:: If this continued
all bankers must de the same for self.protection ; and the •
circulation or the country Might be brought to eueth a state,
that notes would Ise payable at every other place save that
where they were .issued. The effect of We had • het et proved
in Ireland, by the notes of one house being at a discount,
whilst those of another were at par, Ile trusted that their
leerclshipe would adopt n measure siaHar in prieeiple to
that which he
,was recommending, whatever they might 'do
with the provisions which he bad introduced. lie knew that
there were individuals who thought that certain establish_
nit-nts' were entitled to be excel:tail from the operation of
the law. A Noble Friend of his was of that opinion with
respect to Scotland. Whatever import nee he (the Maequis of •
Lansdown) attached to the principle:of the eeeesure, yet
having had an opportunity of observing the skill and inilastry
tinfgthe o !gm!? pt
ilicaivret tandatsecroi uthn terry:, hes admitteddiirent %tie
asynsttoetebi:rfs'
,Buatinkto.
be entitled to exception. Ile would therefore concede a point to
that perseverance and unanimity which the Serticb ylayed
anti with which we of the South did not always eta' its.
tereeta. Ile respected and admired them too remelt to wish to
do them any injury. Ile should therefore merely propose fiat
the second reading of his Bill abould now take place, and Cate
it be reserved for the Committee to Male any alteretiotiS'
which it might tint* requisite. lie was also glatified .14: being' '
able to state, on . proper authority, that Teehtitctehlet Henke '
were of opinion, that if that 'Bill p4sed, it would he full, !':.
cleat to ice object in 'preventing the praeli,:rs •daevriteal.
Noble. Alarqeie then. moved; that the rill he reed
inle, and referred to a COMMiLteU on Tuesday sae
The. Eatl of Fit ItNIiAM sitetild have no obActiorlate t:
measure Wit were prospectitvone—naya lie *dal set/ii, ta
with all his heart. But if it were to take ercetaitpuenefiatae •
after the passing of the act, there Would be Art at ditheulty emit
injustice : for if old notes were to be called in, and new once
issued in their stead, there would be both trouble and cis.
pence; and yet, if it were not done, the whole measure would

be defeated—because the ald notes tii4fht be collected and re-
issued, instead of being cashiered. lie hoped, however, that
the Committee would find the means of mastering these (I-Wien/-
ties. With respect to the case of the Banker and the Payinas-
ters, it was not a new one, but had occurred fourteen or tiftea:
years ago.
Earl ROSSLYNatntended that the Bill as it . stood would
put an end to all credit in Ireland, and to all agencies and Banks
in Scotland. •
Viscount. AIELVILLF rose chiefly to giie notice that he in.
• tended to move in the Committee, that Seotland be m.onpted
from the operation of the trettsure.. The question, as it stood
at this moment, would bc,oneof 'tlagrant injustirettad7tiniair
dealing. A propdsition to alter the system of Banking, and to
abolish. all notes untie? 61., had been referriNd to at Committee ; •
no Report had yet been . made, and the country viewed
the present measure with the great.,•st: alarm as likely to -
derange its whole Banking system. Should they rot inquire:
before they decided? having done so in • one instance, stiottlall,
they not do it in the other ? A4l to. Ireland, he was riot
sufficiently informed to pretend to'judgc, but inSeotlittd there'
was no doubt thetthome flanks, which had long established'
branches,: Would be obliged. to withdraw.. theft', if the oper..
two of -the Bill extended to that country. lie trustett•thare-
fare that the Noble Martinis Would fla!te. no Übj:,:tiuti in the
Committee to postpone that part Of hi, niezNure which etnhrac-
.ed Scotland till inquiry had be made and a Report-had been
received.
The Earl of LAtjbERDA LE said; thei his Chief difiloltv
with respect to the Bill was, whether it lint any tnetctio4 or
not. Indeed he had scarcely any doubt. that,. if it came int.) a
Court of Law, it would be fauna to enact nothing at all. if it
-did any thing, it would destroy the whole branch system in
Ireland. What inconvenience would not ite created by making
notes payable only at those places whet.e they were issued.
fact, the country would suffer More front th.t remedy to. the,evil
than from the evil itself. If the Bill pa.ssed into a law; •
had authority to say, that there would not be in Scotland a
single branch bank, except perhaps ;At ,
The Earl of LIMEIOCK also expreised himself hostile to
the measure.

Lord KING Said that the object of the Bill WWI to prevent a
very disreputable practice. Mr. Burke had complained in his
time that a measure had been deltatedi, because the King's
Scullion.happened to bee Member of Parliament' These im-
proper practices would probably continue, because there hap.
pened to be some Scotch Bankers Members of Parliament.
After a few observations in ftvour of the Bid from the Earl
of CALEDOriand Viscount CLI EDEN,

The Earl of LIVER POOL said, that he thought the object
of the Bill most desirable, and should -thervforo vote for the se,
cond reading. The subject, however, was involved in difficul-
ties, and care mutt be taken whilst avoiding one evil not to fall
into another. Ile recommended to the Noble :Marquis tallow
more time between the second reading and 'dr: Committee, mad
instead of Tuesday next, to fix the Committee for Tuesday
as it was likely that the Bill for establishing firaitch
Banks in England would undergo considerable.alterations in
the other Reuse, and that might in some degree bear upon the
question,

. -----
The Marquis of LAwspowit adopted the suggestion of the
Noble Earl.

The Bill was then read a end time and ordered to becont.
milted on Tuesday se'imight.
ROMAN CATHOLICS.
The Marquis of LawanowN gare notice that on Monday
next It was his Intention to present a petition front the Roman
Catholics of Ireland.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

POTTERS! REGULATION BILL

Mr. LITTLETON presented a petition frotn several persons
concerned in the manufacture of earthenware in Staftbrdshire
and the county Palatinate of Durham, in favour of the Potters'
Regulation Ball.—Laid on the table.
The Hon. Member begged leave to postpone the second
reading of the Bill in con.iequence of an objection raised by the
Hon. President of the Board of Trade, against the principle of
the 13111.
Mr. CALCHAFT and Mr. Alcterllllol7llo3lY69.l objected to
thN Bill in toto.
Nr. LITTLETON said that the opposition to the Bill arose
from interested motives of individuals.
The second reading of the Bill was postponcd until this day
week

11l BM I Nan AM AND LIVE It POOL CAN I, BILLS.
Lord CLIVE moved the Order of the Day Ca- the re-com-
Mittel of the Liverpool and Birmingham Canal Bill.
Mr. CA LeRA T.optiosed the motion. He had in his pocket
a petition which had been signed only, two hours ago by a lady
who had already • petitioned against the bill. He alluded to
Mrs:dolpison, through *hose property the canal was. intended
to pass I she. had been represented to the House as an elderly
widow lady, and possessing only a small landed property, he
could assure them that she was not old, but, on the contrary,
was in the prime of life, and was possessed at once of personal
attractions and a landed property of 400 acres.,-(A laugh.)....
It was-of no chnsequence, liewever, whether the case was, that
of a widow, Wife, or maid, the fact was still the same, the in'.
vasion of property without' consent.
Mr. LITTLETON tumid pay every compliment to the gal.
laht bcitaviour Of the Hon. Member for Wartliam, and at the
same time wished to know. where thislady was to be found.—
He kiitav that she must be in or near London from the eireutn.,
stance of her having signed the petition which the hone Mem.
her had alluded. to. He (Mr. Calcraft). was her representative,
and as her prorhON awl, he thought it would be better to have
her brought before the Committee by a writ Ornalkyla Corpus,
.and examined as to her dissent or approval of the bill. He was
sure that she was not averse to the canal, and- he trusted that
the !louse would allow the re-committal of the bill.

slr. W. PEEL could assure the Hon. Member forWareham,
.that it was not the intention of the Promoters of the Bill to
deprive nor person of land without their assent.
.%Ir. LA WLEY would vote against the re-committal of the
W, and felt convinced of the petitioners' claims upon the at.'
tendon of the House.
Sir GE O. CHETWYND thought it very hard, after the
repeated assertions of Mrs. Johnson's aversain to the Canal
passing through her property, that she should be put to the,
immense extiesice of being heard by Counsel before the Com-
mittee on the Llilr for the purpose of repeating what she has
already ssul.
The SPEAKER then put the question. • •
Mr. S. Rice: rose to present`two petitions from individuals
of the names of Bourne and Belcher, complaining ot the intend-
ed line of the Canal, which would materially injure their pro-
~perty by parsinrf through it.• '
Mr. 1,11.714CT0N explained, that the Canal was not in-
ternietho interfere with 'Mr.'lleleher's lands.
Sir J. • W ROTTESLE'S.' c .atitt assure the • Hon. Member of
the same fact, and hoped, aft,r these ass,ertions, the house
would drop the subject of the Bill, and dbcide •nisin the ques-
tion ot' the re-committal, When those Hon. Members who oppos-
ed the Bill might there state their objections.
AIL Cu LVERT opposed the re.cominitud.
Mr. CA LCRA FT ststed that there bud been gross irregUla- •
rides in the proceedingS of the last Committee. They • had al.
toed the line of the canal, and made it pass. oter property with.
out -asking the consent of the proprietors of such -land. lie
would ask' the Noble LAM whether he had signed the Report
of the Cominittee, as Chairman of it, !irides the impression that
eve:), person had assented to the route of the canal In fact,
his friend the lion. Baronet (Sir Chetwynd) who was- pre-
sent At the same ComMittee, assured him of that belt;; the case.
Here aaK:a groisti piece of irregularity: arid he should move that
the Bill should be referred to a Committee of Standing Orders,
and not to the same Committee who brat proceeded in so iojudi.
ciouS a manner. • ' • •

A .:11r.r.tut:u under the Geilery thought it would be better
for the BM to be referred to the Committee alt Standing
Ord: rig.

tiv'u.s.°Tdoniltrililt.‘:).l,l:o,lfP• itt::'er.co'pLpoTikn";;T('pthtratittesb.eenA.sp°enlrttoenti'litBait'l'kue%'ilit t
on Mrs. ~:,484 And ,c4not c*:,:y roily satisfied of her eon," t
• to the !111, ..:ittat 4as only after t!A: Nil had been brought for-
' ward ' was rt..vare ot her disapprobation. 'De ( 'lord Clive)
t,t. had •iliteoded to have brought'
•.. basis of which was to prevent
ty of any individual, unless
obi re o.; 7tK trona- r. LAW r.}:y and Mr. CAL.
. nci Mr. LITTt.E•rox and Mr. W.
e• 1.,, favour was ordered to be re-committed
on Tuesday next.
Filf/.11 THE LORDS.
A Message from the Lords requested that leave might be
givtn to illassey Dawson, 1..*.5q., and other ?Members of the

noose, to attend and give 'evidence before a Committee of Pri-
vileges of the /louse of Lords and o John Gladstone, &o.
to attend and give evidence' before the Committee on the Man, chester arid Liverpool Railway Bill.
PETITIONS.
Lord BELGRAVE pruentizti .a petition for the better rept•
lotion of'the Water-works of the city of Chester.—Laid on the
;41dr,
Mr. Cate:tart. resented a petition from Mra. Johnston
it.'ainst the biverpoo and Birmingham Canal fill.—Laid on
the table.
Mr. S. Rice presented a similar petition from Geo. Barker:
Mr. L. KEtK rresented,a petition from Loughborough, iH
the county of Leicester, for the Abolition of Negro Slavery •
Laid on the table.

4r. C. PELHAM presented petitions from the 'Meister's of
Southampton, praying for a reduction of Duty on their Stock •s
on hand ; and from the
.Parishes of East Retford and Ash. ,
bourn, for the Abolition of Slavery. •
EvAiss moved for Returns of the number and descrip
flan of Slates in the Isle of France and the Mauritius.
Petitions were also presented by Lord 1,/xn tzl DO E, from the
Landowners of the Island of Anok•sea, against .the repeal 'of
the Usury Laws; by Woad Davies, front the City of Wor.
.cester, against the Corn Laws; by Mr. Du*LoP, from a
p,!#c* jn the Stewartry of iiircudbrip,ii:; and by Captain Goa.%
Dols-, from several other pariabe, rnSanialid4 tigwing any in the baokinq system of that country ; by Mr. If ti
front Keelseyrnoor; in Aberdeens!str,?, for the Abolition-of '
Slavery- 4 and from the Borough of Preston anti its vicinity, for Use •
Repeal of the Corn Laws—which were rlevcrealy read and
laii: on the table.
• BANK OF ENGLAND NOTES.
. Atr,GRENFEI,IS prefiented a Petition ticin Kt ward ChanCe,
stating' that he wa,: the author of an invvntion, by which the
forgery of Bank notes would. be rendered mere ditficnit, and
praying .for an inquiry into its merits; HOnourable•'
Member observed,
_that he knew nothing of the merits of the r
invention itself, but he thought it incumbent upon she Bank
at' Engiand,to glye the public a note niece ditlicuit of imitation
than,tbe•present. • ' • • • • • -
PEARSE did not collect from. the non. Member that the petitioner had laid his ins-dation before cite lank Directors.
Every possible attention had been given to the subject, and no
expellee had been spared ' • but nothing had yet been presented
but what bad been found to be as ca.,y, or easier or imitistion
than the plate now in use.
The petition was then laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed. .
AIL amour{ brought up a return of Contracts for Gaols in
Ireland.

ISLAND OF ANTIOVA
Mr. BARING rose to present a .:14cmorial from the Logis/a.
tore and Council of the island, of Antigua. lie thought this
memorial deserved the greatest attention, and he would shortly
state the substance.of nto the House It complained of the
unjust censures to which tint Colonial ,Legislatures and the
planters had been 'exposed, and it stated the belief cf the peti.
-tioners•that the slam polittlation of the Island of Antigua was
inn better condition. with respect to moral and religions culture
than_ those in any other of the West Indies Hands. It allegeai
that the Parliament and Government of this country had for-
merly encouraged the stave trade as a branch of Ct./111mm ct'good
per se, and without • any reference to our own West !Desire Colo..
'hies, anti that this commerce bad been carried on to an extent
,which the Colonial Legislatures bad by reptived and earnest
applications to the Government of England sought in vain to
abridge.—(The lion. Member. here entered into several state.
ments to prove the truth of this allegation.)—The memorialists
then went on to say, that although they protested against the
notion that sugar islands could never be cultivated by free la.
'hour, they were not, unwilling that .the experiment should be
made in their island, which presented a very advantageous field
for it to account of the superior moral and religitius condition
of their *tavola, provided an adequate compensation was assured
to them. , The ;Lion. Member expressed his opinion that this
suggestion ought to be seriously considered. Froth all the
formatioh he could obtain, he entertained nu doubt that the as.
sertion of the Memorial, as to the superior condition of the
Slaves in Antigua was strictly correct.
A iler a few observations from Mr. 111 A.-s NINo the )lernu.
rial was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
CORN: LA WS.
Alt. WHITMORE fixed his Notion on the Corn Laws
for the 2gd May.

'' ' EDUCATION IN lIIIII4A ND. . .
.
Air. J. SAIITH. eadled•the attention of the I !pole to a Pelle
lion he held in hie hand from a gloat number of the Catholic
' I Population of Ireland, complaining of the mete of education.
The petitioners disape,roved of some of the mopositioni made
by the Commissioners of Education, and lie would therefore
,say, at the °meet, that he was one of those who thOught..that
they had pert-brined their duty in a ntost,estemplary manner,—
' It had been recommended that Protestants Wild Catholics should
be educated together. The Catholics; however, on consulting
their Clergy, were not diepoeed to follow the recommentietion
unconditionally. It was prayed by, the petitioners, and he
thought the requests all very reasonable ones, that in every..
school were the children of Catholic parente composed the
• majority, the master should be a Catholic; ;that when they
were the minority,' there should he t+ t `atholie ustkr ; and thin
no books should be forced • upon there L iit s tton its their
i Clergymen approved. 'rho(' whB a get..,r .1 empietoo that
I provelytiem was the object in view, end lie ‘..Lid too think the
1 suspicion altogether unfounded. Nothing could be mitre unjust,
illiberal, or intolerant than to farce any body to read any bobk
they dill not like. No man kgreved Inure reiteeroly then he
did the 'prejudice of the C#tholics upou this ioileeet, but as they
had it, he thought it fair that they 'should h. iiidolgeti. What
' was the conduct pursued in_ this:respect lo other coutitritli ?
lie knew upon the authority of a French Noblemen, that:tin "%nee, by a deeree of 'Joule XVI 11. it was ce pictisly prolLibited
i in public schools. to put any book into thteltailtls Lila Jetersh
child which had not received the approWttion- of .tha prinilipal
' Rabbis. Some of o'er own igisalerit.ry ;4(i..ietileialso kvsetited us with an example welt worthy of iiiitittion. 'Their firetob. •
jest when they settled, amongst any betbeo out; 'erinnetritit i,thi.
nation was to instruct them I,n the arts orlife; etul. having,tlthis ,
acquired a hold' ulions their gratitude, they Mittel the .leeek
of conversion eomparittively easy. In like maitherbe Ive Mil soy, if you want to convert the
.Itish, begin Vet...rink-4(a ' .
claim upon their gratitude. One' witnessed ;:exernitted 11, the
.COITItII Meioners threw 'considerable "light open the i.tiloect „of
proselytism. He wes'it person belonging to' one cut' the ednctitlith societies, and to the question whether proselytiem watt arty Off of his object, be replied by a decided oagative ; Ite.ott.ftelpg
further queationek he said Oita hie object and that of the i 0
tidy wan to diffuse veritable ChriatiartirytAttillt^wat; then quielt.
lydiseuvered that nothing multi: he more retizole from; hie ithia
of .veritable Christianity,than the Cathelie faith. From a re-
turn of the children receiving education in all the sebooli in
Ireland, .it appeared that their whole number amounted to
569,000, that of theme .01,000 were (.4tholles, wed that of '
this great notnber of Catholice, no more than 31,ee8 received • .
benefit iron) public aid; and this is the people whose pastors and
gentry have betel described as averse to education. The value
or general v.-lure:ion to society might be inferred from the fhet, that of the unfortunate permons who 11:.(1 to suffer from thee.
fended laws of their country, tt very small proportion indeed were '
able to reed. Ile hoped that Alinisters who had acquired au
high a character for Itberality, and he would say justly acquired
it, would Nike this subject into their serious consideration, and afford to the poor Catholics of Ireland the advantages or edttea-
tion upon their own terms. It was a curious fact, and one for .
which there was strong authority in hittory, that the advance-
ment of English education et a very. remote age was to part
owing to the interference of Ireland. It was at least certain that
it was froin Ireland that the glorious light of the Closest first
ilb)ereiel‘iag:;trlci.tt:llol:l:::ytlst),tica:snllel,
x11.11:%.i-
loatitutglisollin,':(o)atioi:: w.rtlifhtliiaetht apologised
the petition
subject the
hthOaedi wars
e 4 i
him,bhouseo g t
anti forto
pe s. thet: ,
sent might not be ineileetu3l.
objected to any Compliance with
the prayer of the petition, and maintained that the same reason' ... edvanced in favour of the House voting a SUM of money for the .
edue,ttion of The Roman Catholics, would ectuelly apply to 0
similar tete:est in behalf of the •disciples of _Porn Peine. Ile thought le-an:lntent heti no authority to grant iii' public till-.o-
icy for the purpose of proinoting eduestion in the CA,t,hi'Lic,a'l°,,i
any other religion which wits contrary, to that of the t!,,'_, ~,
of the Holy ekripturet4. Tee Vrie*!., `atop' hatt; I?":;nri",i4,g' '
education
„We,
at sc!..ools ..vhere the Bible w;:s tr,rid. Hut vs r_f
Catholics of Ireland educate their tiiViV. ntrnPeeh 'I icy.
,
wilelcei'f't'o°llrte°lliPaeit ‘
tctomuilide nAolitse:liintpil:ni.n o
nh6erCltensive funds flit
the ratans to contrilnitetelt'inettety;nce,:iotuutlitiell.titl7.ac
offices of charity. It' no or th h politicalcopuunriirx;feos; he
meanst! t thou g 4
II
Itlllitte
distinction
!lisp thattheetolfol'lbrileenl(m at t e commonhetween

Prot4lgala and,Qatholic in this respect, the martyrs of the Re-
fortnation had suffered ,in vain.
Mr. 'W. SMITH said no one, in or out of that House, was
farther removed from Catholic principles than he was. He con-
sidered the Reformation to have been the struggle of truth
against error, and that the former had triumphed in the triumph
of the Protestant cause. But he was of opinion that the people
ought:to, be left to their own religious feelings, and that the
State should poly interfere with their actions. It was actually
necessary that the poor should have some sort of education, and
he would 'father duly thould be educated upon Catholic mind-
Phis than hig4.4l. It•wria a disgrace to this country generally
that ,for the aix.hundretlyeaa.s, during, which we had held pos-
se/elan or.lieland, the peoplehad, up to this moment, been left
in ti kat& of deplorable ignorance. •
N,exprossed-himselt favourable to education
ernirallyt hut any system of educati,n in Ireland, without *el
introduction of the Holy Scriptures, should have his entire tbs.
aiipt'obrtion.
Mr. IV. .r. BANKES concurred in a great part of what had
fallen from aid Hen:: Member' far Dover. It had been said by
the Hon. Member for Norwich, that it was a disgrace to this
country that the poor of Ireland remained uneducated. He
would aek whether it was 'not rather a disgrace to the Priests
who 'hittl 'kept them in ignorance, because ignorance was the
pareMbhitiperstition. 1t had been said that the Holy Scrip.
tureetbrened no part of the system of education in our own
schodlUP He conk] answer for the school where he had spent
12 yeeti,of hie life, that of Westminster, in which be had passed
froturibellOweSt to the highest form, that theTrayer-Book and
the.Biblb.were in common use.
C 61.1 'PRE NC El was of opinion that the progress of education
• tik Ireland bid been equally impeded by the Priests and by those
enthusiasts who have lately created so much disorder in that
countrY.:'' Indeed he believed that the latter class of well-
meaning perAons, in their zeal for making proselytes, had done
moreinjury to education than the Boman Catholic Priests and
tishops themselves. Within his own experience, upon his own
estate, 4orne arrangements by which education was proceeding
under the sanction of the Priests had been broken up by the
interference of these persons. But he believed there was a de-
sire for cilucatien and'for an examination of the Holy Scrip.
tare, pervading die body of the Irish population, which could
not be•suppreSsed or resisted by the Priests, were it not for the
interference of strangers. It they trusted to the intelligence
• of the Irish people alone, he was convinced their minds would
become enlightened in spite of any attempt to keep them in'
perpetual ignorance. lie objected to the setting up of two
standards of edOcation in Irelanit,, rind thought it the duty of
Government to seek nut shat neutral ground upon which the
children of the two professions should meet to receive the com-
mon benetitS of instruction and he did believe that if it had
not been for the interference of that mischievous Society, dur-
ing the last' two years, such an object would now have been
effected; and that the two religions, united in the bonds of har-
mony, *mild' have been reaping the advantages of education
upon a syitem founded on those great religious principles com-
won't° both erectlA‘, '
Mr. M. FITZGEBAIOD said that the wrath and indigna.
Lion whichhad been poured thrth against Popery by the Hon.
lifer:Mei for Doti,er must have been prepared beforehand, as it
did not twisty in any ulegrer to tine language of the petition, or
to the' spet.dir With' which his Hon. Friend had presenter? it.
He was convinced that the Catholic Clergy required nothing
mere than Lobe met in .a apirit,of conciliation, to induce them to
agree to the, introduction of education. But a meddling set of
sectiiriant hitt spread themselves' over the country, and by their
absurd attempts at proselytism excited a feeling of rancour,
which had raisedup a bitter hostility against reading the holy.
Scriptures. 'the opinions expressed by the Hon. Member for
Dover were not only contrary to the recommendations of the
Cum:it:tee of Irish. Education, but, as he believed, opposed to
the opinions and, wishes of ,the Church Eitablishment in Ire-
. laud. tie was convinced that if the establishment had been
left to itself instead of being supplanted by a set of itinerant
preacherA, they would not have placed the country in its pre-
sent state of • irritable and angry feeling. Indeed he was not
sure iihethertheir attachment to episcopacy was not one of the
greatest crimes of the Catholics in the eyes of these zealots,
and. that, they did not wish, to make them proselytes for the sake
of overturning episcopacy altogether, and erecting their own
-forms in its steed. • _ _

The petition wee then. read. On the question being put,
4' that it do lie upon the, table,P
Mr. ,l, SMITH rose. Ile was anxious, he said, to remove
an erracotta impreesion under which two lion. Members who
had spoken appeared to labour. The petitioners, he could most
truly assure the House, pact no wish to exclude the reading of
the Sacred ,ieriptures. They merely claimed the right wide)!
,ervety man in this country would think himself aggrieved, if de-
prived of—namely, to put such books as they deemed most
Imitable into the hands of the children of their communion; and
this was clearly it most reaeotiable demend. Neither the iii.
shops nor the Priests of the Catholic .Church objected to the
reading of the Bible, but beheld it necessary that its meaning
should be illustrated by certain notes and comments, wh)elt as-
,certained the acceptation of the site,red text, according to the
Catholic Church.
Mr.: BUT'PERWORTH said that the Catholic' ystem ex.
alluded the Bible, and therefore that the Catholics had no reason
to ask money of the State for the purchase.of other hooks. It
was.not thesoct to which he belonged that took a part in the
lt:duclition Society ; hut he subicribed merely as an individual,
ignorance best suited the purposes of the Priests, and all would
have been quierif the tioelety had not stimulated them to emu-
lation. At one of the fteciety!s meetings in Kilkenny, which
was got, 1115 by several respectable Clergymen of the Established
.-Cburch,. the Priests desired the people to rush upon the plat.
form, so that .thoie who. occupied it had to escape with their
No, POI.")
NPAMR,T said, tliat the evidence of Mr. Rocht'ort
pee the direbt contradiction to the statements of the
Iron. 'Member SW' Dever. Tlien tlr. Ilochfort there was not a
mar.: tunialllei and unexceptionable character in the country;
suet what gave peculiar force and authority to his testimony
was,'lliat' lie pit:Sided as Chairman at the very meeting in Kil,
kenny, *birth tees eliargedwith disorderly conduct by the MO.
Iblember, The statement of the lion. Member with regard to
the exclusion of the Bible by' Catholics, was also unfounded in
Ina. It was Artie that they held it inconsistent with the tenets
of their religien, to ,stiffer the reading of the Scriptures untie-
cornpanied by the interpretation of notes, and in that point they
were borne out and countenanced by the opinions and practice
of many dittinguished Members of the Protestant hierarchy. It
was strange enough that one set of men should assume a right
to cominand the reading of the Scriptures without note or com-
ment, and' 'tithe name time deny the right of another set of men
to annex each commentaries as they deemed essential to the
inetrecalim of their community., The latter was plainly its fair
an exercise of right as the former ; and if one sect preferred the
rending rut the Bible without notes, they were at liberty to fol,
low their own choice, but had no authority to prohibit the pub-
lication of ranee to those whe conceived them to be necessary.--
Ile protested Most strongly against denouncing men for doc.
trinett'which they had disclaimed ; thus atfecting to know more
about the tenets of another communion than the members of that
communion
' . dm/Iselin:it. The House had now before it the
euecissffilresult of the unassisted efforts of the Catholics in the
cause:" of education, as well as the failure old Society which had
been assisted by Parliamentery grants. These were the natural
eireCts (0,. any attempt toll force a mode 'of education on the
peOple; and he could 'assure the House that the people of Ire-
land would: sooner: go altogether without assistance, than have a
spotlit thrust upon them against their
The petien was then ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. SMITH took occasion to put a question to the Hon.
Secretary for the Colonies. _lle had read in a New South Wales
paper, entitled The .y;orey Gazette, that the Grand Jury bad
visited the prison and found certain warrants signed by a Ma-
gistrate for the infliction of torture. In one itlitalne an incli.
victual was sentenced to, to receive 25 lashes a day until he made
a particular disclosure. For five mornings successively he un-
dement the allotted punishment, and'on the sixth day be was
taken before the Magistrates, but no confession having been
elicited, the infliction of the stripes was repeated on that and
on subsequent days. The question, therefore which the lion.
Gentleman had to propane was whether that' Magistrate held
any, and what situation under ,Government.
Mr. W. HORTON said, that the individual alluded to, held
a sit-widen in the Council (as we understood the Hon. Aletn-
WO worth 'about 8001. a year. Dividing punishment, in order
to compel criminals to confess..—tt practice which-he by no means
meant to jutaify—was yet the ant:lent and uninterrupted prac-
tice of the Colony, and one of which the very accusers of the
Magistrate in question were guilty.
mr, nitiGnT enquired whether certain Papers relative to
the *Weirs of Ne,w South Wales Were to be laid before the
lidase, In pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed some time
since

Mr. W. HORTON answered in the affirmative.
Air. J. asked whether the Council of New South
Wales had not passed an Act of Indemnity t favour of the
Illegistrate ui whose conduct he had alluded,
Mr. W. HORTON replied that they had; for it was deemed
unfair that at: individual should be held responsible for acts
which were in accordance with the uninterrupted usage of the
colony, and Si* which no exclusive blame ought to attach to
single person, while so many others had done the same thing
with im pun ity.
11. FITZ° E E AL' I) gave notice of a motion on the
*object of punishment, in New Oath Wales.
lIANK CNAltTlift AMENDMENT BILL.
the CitA et; 1,1,0 it'd the Bit:AV:ita moved the Order
• of the Illy for ring into a CommitteeV
ow the Bank Charter
haria.„ nia.
" Speaker do leave
,n t question being put Ist rile
Chair"
r nURNE V. objected to the principle of the lIW. Ile

instanced the case of a Joint Stock Company, the Solicitors of
which had sent circulars to many persons of distinction, request-•
ing them to become partners in the concern, which was, to have
a Governor and Deputy Governor, and at, the same time stating
that it was not necessary for them to take any.shares or to sacri-
fice any portion of their time or attention. Such was the solid,
system of banking now held out to the public. He recollected
about four years ago, When the rage for Joint Stock Cotnpanies
commenced,' that the: first.institution of the kind was a Joint
Stock Company to consist of Protestant Clergymen and Dissen-
ters, for the punishment of apple-women who sold fruit on Sun-
days, and the confiscation of their apples. If all communication
between the country Banks and 'London were cut off it would
either render the measure, absolutely null, or it would inundate
the country with the worst species of hank paper. He-would re-
commend the House to reject the bill altogether until the bank
charter was determined,: and then to put the banking system on
a good foundation.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee.
On the reading of the clause which rendeted all the partners
of a joint stock bank equally responsible,
Mr. PEAHSE addressed the house, but in so low a tone
that he was quite inaudible in the gallery.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER could not
enter into the views of his lion. Friend on the subject, nor, with
all respect for the batik, could be think the .country in such a .
state as to anticipate ill con Sequences from the establishrdent of
banks on a more extended scale than they stood according to
the present law. It was not necessary to argue in favour of the
principle of the bill, which carried with it the evidence of ge-
neral approval froin the stages through which it passed, as well
as from the concurrence of the Bank Directors, who, including
his Hon. Friend, were induced to wave their individual opinions
on good grounds. There was no necessity for argument, as
the reasons were obvious, and such as must strike the mind of
every man. It was quite plain that the Bank could not do
business for the whole country ; the attempt would be perfectly
impracticable. But, even supposing them able, were they still
to limit the number of partnere in Woking concerns •to six ?
What magic;
:he would ask, was theie in the number six ; or
where was the danger in a greater number? He had himself
received one of those circuhtr letters alluded to by the lion.
Gentleman (Mr. Gurney), stating the number of shares de-
signed for the establishment to by, if he recollected rightly, a
million, at U. a share, and regliested bins to become one of
those Honorary Directors, who wore to haie nothing at all to
do—(the only part of the proposal which be liked),—(A laugh.)
—Such a plan, no doubt, was absurd in the extreme, and he
was conionced would never take. plate. But though a bank
might be established on foolish principles, were they therefore
never to give extended powers ter the establishment of banks ?
Ile regretted that the NUtionel Bank had not given more faci-
lities. The consequence of their retaining some of their exalt.
sive privileges was, that the Bill was less perfect than it other-
wise would be; but that was no reason why it should net be to
a certain degree useful to the country.
Mr. LVSTER said the question was hew to keep out a bad
character from a Bank ; and it was surely easier to doeo where
there were only six partners than where there were Sixty.—
None but poor men would venture to embark in a concern of
sixty partners, where all the members were equally responsible.
On this ground, he conceived .that the multiplication of part-
ners was truly objectionable.
Mr. I%IONCK said; that there could be no fair trial of the
proposed plan under the restrictions by which It was clogged.
It would be found a most inconvenient thing to the country ;
for a paper currency, in order to- be generally useful, should
bear the nearest practical resemblance to a metallic currency.
In the first place it should be secure ; but security was not the
only requisite character. Universality was equally indispen-
sable ; but all universality was destroyed when notes resembled
local tokens. The ineonvenience arising from this want of uni.
veniality the currency was sufficiently exemplified:by the
notes: already existing which were not
,payable in London,
which though secure enough, yet frequently put the poor
holders to an expence of half-a-crown -to get them changed
through the agency of couch-drivers. He agreed with the lion.
Member for Newton in recommending a postpenement of the
measure till the expiry of the Bank Charter.
Mr. S. RICE opposed the measure, and objected to the mo.
nopoly-of the Bank as favoured by the Bill.
111r..PEAIICE eiplained.
Mr. J. P. GRANT-objected, that by this Bill two Treat an
influence and controttl lied been given to the Bank of England
over the affairs and interests of Country Banks.. if these
Bankers were to be limited as the Bill proposed; then, unless
some of the, partners, in their individual capacity, chose to cc-
, commodate a customer within the distance with a draft for any
'Mll under 501., say 4:;/., the country customer could not be ac-
come-Witted. That this niode of evading sit Unfair a law would
be resorted to, there could be no doubt. Now he did think it
would be better in the• Legislature to restrain from attempting
, to do that, which it appeared almost impossible it could do effec-
tually. It was right that parties so circumstanced should not
be allowed the prlrilege to sue or be sued without the pre.
vious incorporation, of the company. If right as a principle with
reference to other companies, it must surely be right as appli-
j cable to Bankers. It would he moat injudicious, then, to en-
dow Bankers under such circumstances with superior privileges
in the lump as it were, when they had itin their power to go
to the Government of the country at onee'and procure en Act
of Incorporation, which would answer all these purposes, but
which would be only granted'by Government after having duly
investigated the objects 1)r which those parties sought the pri-
vilege of being incorperated, and could not be granted except
! on the serious respoosibility of Ministers themselves,.as an midi-
' tional guarantee that the privileges thus conferred ehouldnot
be abused. • .

Air. T. WILSON thought the great and alarming number of
late failures throughout the country might have satisfied:the
Hon Member es to the, propriety of any further experiments
on credit. Indeed, he did not hesitate to say, that -had not the
Bank of England come forward as it did, and discounted libe-
rally, the evil would have been still•mure alarmingly felt. It
was certainly desirable that the Bank of England should exer-
cise a prudent contralti over the credit of the country.
things went on prosperously, and there was no alteration in the
exchanges to the prejudice of this country, the spirit of over-
trading would go on unchequed; but for the controuling power
whtch the Bank always now had it in its power to exercise; but
when the period arrived, as it must, that the Exchanges were
against tins country it must ,be attended with ruinous conse.
quences to the community, if the Bank should not previously
.hsve taken measures prudently'and in time to occasion u con:
traction of the issues of Country Bankers.
The clause was then agreed to.
When the next clause.was read from the Chair.
Mr. UERRIE proposed the introduction of the words and
other Promissory Notes:.
Air. BRIO HT objected to it and said if it was persisted in
he would divide the Comthinee on it. _

The ArIi)RNE V..GENT RAI, explained that the words
had been omitted in copying out the bill, which would be nu-
gatory without them.,
The gallery was cleared for a division, but the clause was,
agreed to without dividing the Committee.
On the next clause for preventing any number of persons,
within 65 miles of London, transacting the business of bankers,
a discussion took place. '
Mr. DENMAN objected at some length to the principle. of
the Bill, which was so abortive and incomplete, that he most
sincerely hoped some one would divide the Committee on it. '
The CHANCELIMit of the EXCHEQUER considered
the argument of the lion. and ',earned Gentleman totally in-
applicable in the present stage of the Bill. Any objection to
the principle was perfectly irrelevant and a waste of time in
Committee on a 11111. Indeed, it was clear that he never could
have read the correspondence between his Majesty's Govern-
ment and the Hank. There was not a word about discount in
that correspondence.
In answer to a question from Mr. Pascot GRENFELL,
The ATTOIt NEY-0 ENERAI. explained, that according
to this clause, certainly no persons acting as tinkers in Nor.
wieb, for instance, could do no as bankers in London, or
discount. which latter, he believed, formed the . principal bug-
nears of bankers.
Mr. tInE`FELI, said it was impossible then that any Joint
Stock Company could ever be lbrmed on a principle with
effect. Indeed it could never be imagined that persons in the
banking business in the country would consent that. the bal.
lances which remained'in their agents bands in town should be
useless there, and incapable of being employed profitably for
their interest, until they returned in specie and the lump to the •
country banker.. •
I.'EAItSE proposed to report progress, and ask leave to
tilt again.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said report-
ing progress would not expedite the consideration of the
He should therefore propose to postpone the clause which was
then the subject of discussion and proceed to the other clauses.'
When they were disposed of, he should have no objection to
report progress. If. the Committee Ibllowed that course they
would make all, the progress they could, and come. to the cop•
sideratioh of the particular clause on another day. • • -
The suggestion of the Right lion. Gentleman, after a few
words front Mr.,V. FIT ZGEII A I. I), IluatE, and thq AT-.
, TORN EY-GEN E RAL, was adopted. .
The clause was postponed.- • - • -
The other clauses of the Bill'wero.then.agreed to.
Mr. ltanonEw reported progress, and ebtainedleave to sit
,again this day se'nnight. •
• OFFENCES,At 'SEA: BILL. , ; •
AIr.,HUMI rose on the Order for the third reading
a Bill, and wished for ionic explanation on the
object of tl4; Bill. of toe
(341"t' 4a
Mr. CROKER Said the Bill was a renewal of the vld law,
which gave Magistrates the authority to commit for trial per-
sons whom they had the power of trying. It had been the law

since the reign► of Henry VHI., but having expired, the present
Bill was to renew it. _

The Bill was, read a third time and passed.
The Irish Lands and Tenements Bill was read a third time
and passed.
The Irish Stamp Duties Bill was read a third time and
passed,
The other Orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at O) o'Cr.ocx.
IIIAJORITY AND MINORITY

On illr. Abereronibie's Motion for.Reforining the Representa-
tion of the City of Edinburgh.—April 13, 1826.

MAJORITY.
Alexander, J. Forster, Rt.lion.t. Martin, R.
Abercromby,lln. G Fellowos, W. U. Martin, Sir T. B.
A'Court, E. H. Pane, V. Monteith, H.
Acland, Sir T. Fremantle, Itt.lln. Miles; P.
Arbuthnot,ltt Hon. W. 11. M'Naghten, E. A.'
C. • Fitzpiald,ltt.llon, Musgrave, Sir P.
Ashburnham, Hon. .V. Mundy, G.
P. •
.ooulbrn,Rtfinll. Nicholl, Rt. Hon.
Brydges, Sir .1. Grant, G. 11,; sir J.
Bourne lit. ',Hon. (lower, Lord F. L. Onslow, Sergeant
Bourne,
Grant, Rt. Hem. C. Only, C. H. S.
Baker, E. Grossett, J. It.. Ozmantown, Lord
Byron, Thos. Iluskisson,ltt Hon. Palmerston, Vise.
Berresford, Sir J. W. Peel, Itt. Hon. It.
Bradshaw, J. Hodson, J. Phillltnore, J.
Copley, Sir J. S. hill, Sir G. Pitt, J.
Canning,ltt.Hn.G. Hart, G. V. Phipps, Om.
Curteis, E. J. Berries, J. C. Rae, Rt. Hn.
Cooper, IL S. Holford, G. P. Ryder, Rt. Hon. R.
Comphell, A. Hope, Sir J. Rowley, Sir J.
Clive,. Hen. lioldsworth, T. Ross, C. •
Calvert, J. Horton, R. W. Somerset, Lord G.
Croker, J. W. Mimes, W. Somerset, Lord E.
Cockburn, Sir G., Innesi Sir, H. , C.
Cumming, Geo., Inglis, Sir R. Sandon, Lord
Chandos, Mary. of Irvine, John Strutt, J. 11.
Coiirtenay, I'. P. ..Knint, Hon. T. Sumner, G. 11.
Cuffe, J. King, lion. H. , Shifter, Sir G.
Calthorpe, Hon. Knotchbull,!Sir E. Sotheron F. ,
CoCks, J. Kekeivith, S;T: Suttie, Sir J.
Dundas,lttlin.W. Lockhart, W.-11:: Twiss, Horace .
Denison, J. E. Lindsay, . • Tremayne, J. H.
Drummond, 11. Lindsay, Colonel '!'rant, W. 11.
Downie, R.. Lowther, Hon: Col. Townshend,lln.H.
Divett, Lowther,,Visc. Vallctort, Vise.
Dunlop, J. LuOingtnn, :S. It. Ure, 111.
Douglas, W. K. Lushington, Col. . Wynn, Rt. lb. C.
Dalrymple,, A. Legge, lion. A. Wallace, Rt. 1111. T.
East, Sir 11. ! Lamb, Hon. W. Wellesley, R.
Ellis, C.: R.,,. • Lovaine, Lord: Weinyss, .1.
Ellison, C. Lascelles? Hon. W. Wetherell, Sir C.
Farquhar, Sir R. Mackenzie, Sir J. WellS, J.
Farquhar, Js- t----
_ MINORITY.

Althorp, Viset. , Gaskell, Ben. .. • Ridley, Sir M. W.
!Baring, Sir 'l'. Glenorchy, Visct. Roberts, •A. W.
Barnard, Viscount - Grant, .1. P. Roberts, G. J.
Bernal, Ralph' Grattan, J. Robinson; Sir G.
Birch, J. . Guise, Sir W. Rumbold, C. E.
Broughton, it. Gordon, It. • Russell, Lord .1.,
Burdett, Sir F. Hamilton, Lord A. Russell, lid W.
llyng, George • Honey wood, W. P. Seirlett, J.
Bentinck, Lord W. Ilium, Joseph • Scott, J. i
,
Blake, Sii,F. • Hurst, R. - ~ :; ! Sebrigh 1, Sir J.
Butterworth' •J. James, IV. , ~:• .:- '.: Smith, J.
Buxton, T.F. Jervoise, G. P. Smith, lt".
Caleraft, J. Laboucliere,.ll.' Stanley, lion. B.
Calvert, C. Leycester, R. Sykes, D.
Calvert, N. Lushington, Dr. ..., Tavisteek,• Mnrq. of
Carter,' J. Lawley, F.' Tennyson, C.
Caulfield, Hon. H. Lethbridge, Sir Ti Tierney, Rt. Hn.G.
Cavendish, 0; ' Moberly, J. ' Townshend, Ld. C:
Clifton, Viscount Maberly, W. L. Warre, J. 'A. ' •
Colborne, N. R. Marjoribanks, S. - Webb, li:
Creevey, Thos. Martin, J. ' ' Western, C. C.
Crompton; S. Mettle, Hon. W. ' •,Whltbretitl, W. H.
Cradock, S. . Milbank, M. Whitbread, S. C.
Corbett, Penton Illonck, JIB. , Williams, J.
Denison, W. J. Moore, Peter NVilson, Sir R.
Denman, T.' Newport, Sic J. . Wyvill, M
Duneannon, Visct. Ord, W. Wrottesley, Sir J.
Duntlas, lion.,'. Osborn, Lord F. ' Whitmore, W. W.
Ebrington, Viitct. Paltrier,. C. F. Wall, C. B.
Ellice, E. Palmer, C. 'r ra.r.tits.
Evans. IVrn. - . Pelltiim, J. C. ' ..- Abercromby, Hn.J.
Fitzgerald, Rtrfon. ' Phillips, G. . "qlohhoufie, .1. C.
AL. • ' Phillips, U. Jun. . ' ...-. i'AIRP.I) Orr.
Fergusson, Sir It. Parnell, Sir H. linlies, W. L.
Fitzroy, Lord C. ' Rice, T. S. ' Wilkins, W.
Alcssrs. Alucdonald, Haring, and Grenfell, came to the
House, after the door was shut fur the Division: '

2. Mr. William Smith—Motion regarding the Slave Popula-
tion in the Colonies of Demerara .anti Berbice.
. • ORDERS OP T/M 11)4Y. .
1. Election Laws (Ireland) Amen d inent Bill—SeCond reading.
2.: Spring Guns Bill—Sea:m(l reading.:. „ •
2.: Linsenpal Unions (Ireland) Bill—Committee.
. . Friday,, Aprid 21. _ . • .

ORDERS OF THE DAY.
1. Alehouses Licenses' Bill—Second reading.
2. Bribery at Elections Bill—Further consideration of Report.
3. Fisheries Bill—Further consideration of Report.
4. Potteries Regulation Bill—Second reading.
5. Bank Charter Amendment Bill—Committee.
6. Silk Duties Bill—Further consideration of Report.

NOTICES GIVEN YESTERDAY.
• Tuesday, April 25.
Sir Matthew Ridley—Papers relating to the 'conduct of Ma-
gistrates in New South Wales. -
Tuesday, May 23.
Mr. Wolrych Whitmore—Resolutions relating. to the Duties
on East India and Foreign Plantation Sugar.

/JUICE OF STOCKN Tills I) 1Y .vr ONE O•CLoCK.
Mink Stock 001 b 200 Old Annuities .
3 per Cent. Bed. 7Bsi New Ditto ' —
; per Cent. Cons. - Ex. Billsl 000/.2d. 13 9 ptn.
34 per Cent.
Ditto Bed.
4 per Cent. New . 9511 Ditto Advertised
Bank Long Ann. 19 1.16 3.16 - Bank for Acct.
India Stock — India for Acct.
Ditto Bonds 5 6 pm. I Cons. for Acct.
South Sea Stock - . -

PRICES OF FOREIGN F
Aur►+iBn Mix, 5 per cent....
Brazilian Btls

LINDs AT ONE O'CLOCK
Neapolitan, 1824
Perur ian Bonds 23i 6
Portuguese Bonds
Prussian, 5 per cent.
Ditto New
Russian, New, p.e 77
Spanish 1821'; p.c ti I.IZ
1023
French Rentes, 5 p.
Exchange ... —f. —c.
3 p. c.
Exchange —c•

Buenos Ayres lids
Chihun Bas, f; per ct. —
Colooibino Bds
Do. 1824 434 4 3/
Danish. 3 p. et. ....... 56i
(ireek Bds
Do. 11126
oatitnala
Mexican lids.
Do. 1825

PRICES,OF SIIALIES AT ONE o'cr.ocK•

Per Share.
• .
Brazilian Mining Company
British Iron Mining Company
Pasco Peruvian Mining Company
Tialpimahua Alining-Company
Protector Fire Ashuranee Company.
Canal Gas Engine Company • •

FOUL IGN AtAll.s.
,Aitnivri). Dur.
Guernsey and Jersey - I U
Gottenburgh . . . 0 a
'Tolland - ' - - 0 1
Mandeb, - - - 0 1
Jamaica - - . 1 0

1114111 WATRIt ATI,ON DON BRIDGE TO-5101t1W11'.
%ming, 13 minutes after 8. i Evening, 45 minutes after B.
