LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, MARCH 10, 1831

(bout to assert its rights. He trusted that the twiliDd
was not far distant when the church there would be
separated from the State—(Long and continued cheering)—for
as every country that appeared to him an adulterous con-
nexion. They were told, too, that Spain was about to rise, and
:le hoped that they would soon hear of Ferdinand having been
triven from his throne. Ile trusted that victory would crown
the efforts of the brave and suffering Poles. In England they
were now contending against the oligarchy ; they had it at bay,
Ind the contest was going on. They had on their side a patriot
King, and a Ministry which had the courage to strike a constitu-
tional blow at that oligarchy.—(Cheers.) He must say that the
Ministry had magnanimously and honestly performed their duty
—;Cheers;—that Ministry had offered up as a hecatomb—he sup_
nosed an Irishman might be all,wed to call 60 a hecatomb—( A
laugh`—the instruments of their predecessors. The present Mi-
nistry threw off the Dukes and Marquises, and appealed to the
)eople.— (Cheers.) Would not the people of England assist the
King and his Ministry in such a contest ?--.(Cheers.) To do so
'hey must not content themselves with an expression of their
sympathy, or with the presentation of petitions. He would
advise them to associate for the purpose—to elect deputies
the parishes in London—to have deputies elected in the
various counties, and sent up: to London, and thus to make a
lemonstration of the popular opinion which the Aristocracy
could not resist. They might not expect to coax the Aristocracy
to give up their power—they might as well expect to coax the
birds off the bushes —;A laugh.) The people should rally round
the King and his Ministers legally and constitutionally, hut
firmly and determinedly. The question was, were the people to
continue to be swindled out of their rights. Let the people but
exert themselves as they ought, and they must carry Reform,
and until that was carried, and the institutions of the country
renovated, 'she never would be able to go to war, even in the
holiest and best of causes. He hoped that the march of freedom
would continue uninterrupted in every quarter of Europe. He
concluded by proposing—', Italy—her uniotend independence."
The Chairman, Mr. Hobhouse, Mr. Hume, Mr. O'Connell,
and the other Members of Parliament present, then retired, in
order to attend the Reform debate in the House of Commons.

Mr. CAMPBELL having been called to the chair,
M. ROSSITIER returned thanks for the honour which had
been done to his native country, Italy.
Colonel JONES, alter a few preparatory observations,'proposed
as a toast—" Spain—May the day-star of liberty dispel for ever
her night of despotism."
Mr. ARGUELLAS returned thanks.

. .......
The next sentiment was " Portugal." Song, ,4 Fall, tyrants,
fall."

Mr. C. B. SHERIDAN said, that having toasted the other
nations of Europe which had triumphed, or were struggling in
the cause of liberty, he had now to propose to them a health
which they would drink with still deeper delight, because it
would be a delight not chas'ened or lessened by the contempla-
tion of those chances of warfare which might. be expected in
other countries. The toast was " Their country." They were
engaged at present in an important conflict—not with battalions
of grenadiers ur cossacks, but with battalions, of boroughmon-
gers ; and they had to fight, not against cannon and grape-shot.
but against the trumpery arguments of those same borough-
mongers. Their high mightinesses the boroughmongers had
joined battle with the people, but he trusted that the people would
overcome them. (Hear, hear.) He would give them " Our
country ! Her interests are the interests of liberty—her happi-
ness, the happiness of the world."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM proposed the health of his Majesty's
Ministers, and that they might long remain in power, and be
deserving of the confidence and support of the people, which
was toasted amidst much applause, and shortly afterwards the
company separated.

SECOND EDITION.

SUN OFFICE, Seven a' Clock.

IMPERIAL PARUAM ENT

THIS EVENING.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

There having been a ballot to-day for a Committee for
Tregony, and there baying been considerable difficulty
in getting Members, the gallery was not open till past Five
o'clock.

revnnes alone, and upon this principle he supported the

I,EFT SPEAKING.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

Growenor's Relief Bill Was read a second tin e, com-
mitted, reed a third time, and passed.

The Frauds on Creditors' Eill was read a third time,
and passed.
The Army Mutiny Big was read a second time, and
ordered to he committed to-morrGw.

The Earl of LIMERICK presented a petition from the
soap.boilers of Limerick. complaining-of distress.
The Duke of RUTLAND presented a similar petition
from the ship-owners of Se irbotough.
The Rail of HARDWICKE presented a petition from
Cambridge in favour of Parliamentary Reform. In doing
so the Noble Earl expressed himself in favour of the
measure.

Lon! CAWI)OR presented a petit on from Pembroke
against the malt tax.
Lord TENTERDEN gave notice of his intention, on
Tuesday next, to move for leave to bring in a Bill to
liroit the duration of moduses.

The Earl of FIFE could not refrain from taking this
opportunity of complaining of the hurried manner in which
'Lorl Wynford's Bills were passing through the house. He
(Lord Fife) considered those Bills extremely oppressive in
their nature, and requiring great deliberation before their
Lordships allowed them to pass.

Lord WYNFORD thought the Noble Earl had mis-
taken the objects of the Bill. So far from being oppres-
sive, they were brought forward for the express purpose
of affording creditors an easy mode of getting payment of
their debts from dishonest debtors. He denied that the Bills
had been hurried through in the manner alluded to by
the Noble Lord.

Earl GREY presented a petition from Birmingham in
favour of Parlimentary Reform, agreed t at a meeting
which was attended by upwards of 15,000 persons.
Also petitions firm St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, from Perth,
Newton Bushel, and several other places to the same effect.
The Marquis of CLANRICARDE presented a petition
from a parish in Ireland, pray ing for a repeal of the Union.
Lord CALTHORPE presented a petition from the
magistrates, bankers, and merchants of Birmingham,
praying for a Reform. In doing so, he observed, he was
friendly to a moderate Reform, but was n-it prepared to
coincide in so sweeping a measure as that proposed by his
Majesty's Ministers.

Lord DURHAM presented a petition from Houghton-le-
spring in favour of Reform.
Sir A. GRANT, Mr. Alderman WOOD, Mr. FKESIIFIELD,
and others, brought up the Census Ireland Bill, the
Printed Calico Drawback Repeal Bill, the Bankrupt Laws
Amendment Bill, and the London Bridge Approaches
Bill, which were generally read a first time and ordered
for a second reading to-morrow.—Adjourned.

PRESENTATION of the CITY ADDRESS

TO THE KING,
AND HIS MAJESTY'S ANSWER.

At an early hour yesterday there was a large assem-
blage of the Common Council at Guildhall, anxious to
show their attachment to their Sovereign, by attending on
the presentation of the Address of the Corporation ; hut
it was remarked that a much smaller number of Aldermen
were present than assembled duting the days when Loans,
Contracts, Knighthoods, and Baronetciee, rewarded those
who attended with courtly Addresses. Aldermen Wood,
Waithman, Copeland, Farebrother, Venables, Kelly, and
Cowan, were the only Aldermen who accompanied the
Lord Mayor with the Address; but there was a most
numerous attendance of Common Councilmen, about one
hundred and forty, followed by a Deputation of seven
Liverymen, to present the Address agreed to at the Com-
mon Hall.

His Majesty was dressed in regimentals, and looked
remarkably well. The Princes Talleyrand and Ester-
hazy, and other distinguished foreigners, were spectators
of the scene ; and the King was surrounded by the Lord
Chancellor, Lord Grey, and the rest of his Majesty's Mi-
nisters, together with the Lord Chamberlain and the usual
attendants. The Duke of Sussex stood on the right of
the Throne, and appeared to take a lively interest in the
business of the day. To show the feeling that prevails
upon this important question, we may observe that Mr.
James Richardson, of the Ward of Cripplegate, the
gentleman who has lately contrived to acquire for himself
a large portion of unenvied notoriety by opposing the Re-
solutions at the Common Hall on Monday, and at the
Meeting in his own Ward on the following day, enjoyed
the full honours of his singularity by going to Court
without a companion in his carriage, la consequence of
which we understand the greatest unanimity prevailed.
The Recorder read the following Address to his Ma-
jesty:-....
" TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.

" THE HUMBLE, DUTIFUL, AND. LOYAL ADDRESS OF THE
LORD MAYOR, ALDERMEN, AND COMMONS OF THE CITY
OF LONDON, IN COMMON COUNCIL ASSEMBLED.
" MOST GRACIOUS SOVEREIGN,
" We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, most
humbly approach your Majesty with the warmest sentiments of
loyalty and attachment to your Majesty's sacred person and Go-
vernment. We beg to assure your Majesty, that having long
entertained a deep and increasing conviction of the necessity of
a Reform of the representation of the people in the Commons
House of Parliament, we
whichhaveyciu
lockedr ia
torjewsatyrd,, wisiithintihsteergsr:aotuelsdt
anxiety to the course
adopt in reference to that important subject, and we now feel
ourselves imperatively called upon humbly and dutifully to ex-
press to your Majesty our entire satisfaction at the principles of
the measure that has been introduced under their sanction to
the Hon. House of Commons. We beg leave further to repre-
sent to your Majesty, that your Majesty's Ministers having en-
tered office under a distinct pledge to bring forward efficient
measures of Reform in the representation of the people, we de.
layed to express any feeling up n the change which then took
place in your Majesty's Councils until those measures were sub-
mitted to Parliament; but being now satisfied that the plan pro-
posed under their sanction is calculated essentially to upheld the
dignity of your Majesty's Crown, and to promote the tine inte-
rests and happiness of all classes of your Majesty's subjects, we
feel it to be our duty humbly to express to your Majesty our
conviction that your Majesty's Ministers have fully redeemed
the important pledge made by them on their accesrance of office,
awl have thereby entitled themselves to the unlimited confidence
of the country.
" We therefore beg leave humbly to tender to your Majesty
our grateful thanks for your Majesty's paternal care in the selec-
tion of an Administration animated by a sincere desire to adopt,
in the reformation of our institutions, a system that will unite
all classes of your .Majesty's subjects, preserve and strengthen
our internal security. uphold the honour and dignity of your
Majesty's Crown, and promote the happiness and liberties of
by order of the Court,
you:, Majesty's
hl7::lielianjedes:y
" HENRY WOODTHORPE."
read, in a distinct and emphatic
manner, the following reply
o I return you my warmest thanks for this dutiful and loyal
Addrev •' 1 receive with the most lively satisfaction the assur-
ances of your loyalty and attachment to my person, together
With the declaration that the confidence which I repose in my
present Ministers
sis also felt by the citizens of this great and
wealthy metropoli.
" You may rest assured that I shall always consider the mea-
sures which may be proposed to me, either in my executive, or
my legislative capacity, with reference only to their tendency to
maintain the honour and dignity of my Crown, to support the
true principles of the Constitution, and to promote the union
and happiness of my people."
A Deputation of the Livery, headed by the Lord
mayor, with Aldermen Copeland and Waithman, at.
tended at the Levee, and presented the Address voted at
the Common Hall, which his Majesty was pleased most
graciously to receive.•

LITERATURE. Messrs. COLBURN and
BENTLEY have just issued a general Catalogue of their
Standard Publications, which may be had gratis on appli-
cation of all Booksellers. It contains upwards of 400
Narks, comprising :-46 Books of Travels-33 Historical
Works-31 Biographical-7 0? Private Correspondence-
-12 On the History of Napoleon-28 Poetical and Dra-
matic-24 Military Memoirs and Sketches-15 On So-
ciety and Manners-29 On Philosophy, Politics, Morals,
Criticism, &c.---16 On Domi•tic Economy, &c.-8 On
Education-44 Novels and Tales illustrative of Modern
Life and Manners-30 Historical Tales and Romances__
10 Illustrative of Irish History and Manners-42 French
Historical and Biographical Works ; and 34 French Novels.
When the plan of' the Ministers was first
communicated to the KING at Brighton, the large Reform
which it included staggered the KING greatly; but after-
wards, on considering the measure, his MAJESTY signified
his entire assent. This was done in a letter extending to
seventeen Pages, which was, we understand, one of the most
a
papers that have been lately produced.'—Brighton
The Snile Gazelle.
sett,itlee .
pe, tender to his Majesty's ship Asia, Lieut.
Purcell, sailed on Monday for Newhaven, with orders for
the Fry Onyx, Rio
Janeiro, , Lieutenant Dawson, which vessel sailed on
with despatches for Rear-Admira
Baker, C.B. Commander-in-Chief on that station.
i d yfox

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

There is Ito doubt that if the nation be true to itself,
and insist on the co.operatioe o'f those who call them-
selves representatives of the people', in protncting the
unanimous wishes of the people on this great question
of the Reform Bill, the good cause will triumph cord-
pletely, as well as speedily. Mere confidence of success
will not ensure success, but may mach endanger it. Let
every meeting, therefore, throughout the kingdom, adopt
resolutions the strongest that language can convey in
favour of the Bill—the Hill in all its parts—which sing
William and his honest Ministers have recommended. Let
this be done instantly—let it be done unanimously ; and,
to prepare for the worst, lest Committees be everywhere
formed without a moment's delay, fur managing the e'ec-
tions of known friends to Reform in all countiese cities,
and open boroughs throughout both islands, that if—an
event, however, which we do not apprehend the Bill
should be thrown outon the second reading, or if Ministers
should be beaten in the Committee, even on the very
.smallest of its details, a dissolution may be at oiler
resorted to, with an absolute assurance that a new House
of Commons will be constituted so as to carry this glorious
measure with a high band and by a large majority, within
a few days of its assembling. We know that the scheme
Of` emit faction is to die in the last foul ditch. We
know that the plot is to worry Ministers, and to wear out
the public, by petty cavils at every provision of the Bill,
—by unceasing objections, and amendment., and divisions,
all directed to the purpose of mutilating the Reform, and
filching same one or more of its innumerable benefits from
the people. It is therefore essential tkat not one point
should be yielded to the public enemy by the Supporters
of the measure. As one of our contemporaries has well
advised, let them not he satisfied with carrying a Bill of
Reform, but THE one and only Bill—that which is now
before the nation. In its favour the people are unanimous
and enthusiastic. An important admission was made by the
Member fur Preston in the House last night,—v'z. that
even those who were a fortnight ago the most obstinate
and thoroughpaced pit tisans of the ballot, are now so
grateful for what the Government has dune, and so en-
tirely satisfied and contented, as one and all to have given
up their favourite project of the ballot, and to refuse to
bear a syllable against the measure. If this Le not a
triumph for the King of England and his Ministers, then
never yet had English patriots a triumph. We solicit at-
tention to our report of the city address of felicitation
and gratitude to the King at the levee yesterday, and to
his Majesty's most kind, hearty, and gracious accept trice
of the loyal sentiments of his subjects. The foreign Minis-
ters, who were witnesses of this scene, so characteristic of
the relations between a British Sovereign and his people, may
write home to their several Courts, if they please, a lesson
useful, however unpalatable, to the ears of despotic rulers.
In the House of Commons the first stage of these discus.
sions has terminated, and the three Bills for England,
Scotland, and Ireland, have been brought in. Mr. Per-
ceval opened the debate of yesterday with a love of borough.
mongering and an execration of the press which were
equally consistent and respectable. This gentleman ought
to retire on what he has got. The nation will say nothing
about his sinecure, if he will show his sense of its forbear-
ance by ceasing to calumniate its institutions. The effronti ry
of the Members brought in for close boroughs,—the hired
tools and vassals of trading Peers,—who presume to re-
prehend and abuse the people of England for their eagerness
to sweep off the filthy vermin which devour them, is almost
beyond all patience ; but their day is near its close. This
time twelvemonth what will have become of them? Even
now (though not exactly as the poet meant it) "you may
read their history in a n ttion's eyes."— Times.
Lord John Russell's. Bill was brought in last night, read
a first time, an ordered to be read a second time on
Monday week. But the discussion for the night did not
close with this. The Lord Advocate, at a late hour,
moved for leave to bring in the Bill applicable to Scotland,
and this opened up a fresh discussion. The spirit displayed
by several of the corporations affected by the proposed
Deform leads us to anticipate the happiest results from an
election, should it become necessary to dissolve Parliament.
There are conjunctures in the history of a nation, when
one generous feeling seems to pervade the whole mash of the
population ; and this we take to be one of those conjunc-
tures. Every other consideration, in the case of an election,
will he absorbed in the national cause, and men will bees
much ashamed of contributing by their efforts to aid the oppo-
sition to the great measure of national regeneration, as of
being traitors to their country, or of taking money to
admit the enemy into a native town under siege. We are
not afraid of men when enthusiasm has the ascendant;
for then selfish motives yield to the prevailing passion.
There are degrees of popular odium which fee men hare
nerves to brave. The boroughmongering crew, like some
of the fallen angels in Pandemonium, may
" Sit on a hill retired."
and brave the national feeling ; but they cannot act with-
out tools, and these tools have their friends and associates
among the people. Mr. Benett presented last night a peti-
tion in favour of the Ministerial plan of Reform, from
Caine, signed by the whole Corporation ; and similar peti-
tion from Devizes. Lord George Lenox presented a similar
petition from the town of Chichester, signed by the whole
Corporation; Captain Bouverie presented a similar peti-
tion from the city of Salisbury, signed by a majority of
the Corporation. These are favourable signs. That the
boroughtnongers should be pleased with the spirit which
now estimates the whole population is not to be expected.
They complain of the tone of menace pervading the peti-
tions and the speeches at public meeting.. When this
handful of men talk of dying in their last ditch, can they
expect that the nation should hear this indifference to the
general tranquillity unmoved ? The warmth of the people
is the natural hatred of a people attached to order against
those who threaten to disturb the peace. Thus the people
of Stockport offer to the Government all the assistance in
their power for the overthrow of the boroughmongere.
At the meeting of the Birmingham Union on Monday,
attended by large bodies of men from the populous
vicinity of the town, particularly from the collieries,
Mr. Attwood (Thomas) ebeerved—" Thanks to a
patriot King, the wicked Oligarchy which has so long
domineered in this country has fallen. He said fallen
because the fiat by which they must fall was gone forth ;
their doom was irrevocably sealed, for there was no power
that could stand against the united efforts of the King,
the Ministers, and the people—(Tremendous cheering.)
At tNe call of the King they were
ready to rally round his throne, and they would take care
that, during their lives, nothing should hurt him.—(Cries
of ' we are ready !—we are ready.')—He hoped they
would net be wanted to act in any but a peaceful way;
but still, if the oligarchy determined to throttle the mea-
sures which had been introduced, the King had only to
call on his subjects, and they were ready.—(Loud
cheers.)"—These men evidently mean what they say.
Another speaker, Mr. William Pare, the Secretary, ex-
claimed, " Woe to the boroughmengers, if they should,
in their madness, defeat this Bill, and compel the people
to take up arms to wrest their liberties from their grasp._.
(Loud and repeated cheers.)"—Everywhere throughout
the country the feeling is equally intense. At the Shef-
field meeting, on Monday last, the language was bold and
determined, and the - Sheffield Iris, usually a very mo-
derate
of
the
paperb,
oerxopurgehsmsesonigrs dtesel f thusurin g thiswi
discussionregardtotcon-
i

borough interest, we say, has spoken out—Let the people
speak out in addresses to Government—let every man sign his
name to such addresses, and let that signature be the record of
his patriotism to his country, his loyalty to his Sovereign, and
his attachment to the British Constitution. The man who thinks
all things are best as they are—that there needs no Reform, has
a right to his opinion; but we do not wrong him by asserting,
that he is worthy to change places with the veriest slave in the
West Indies—especially with any one who should think negro
slavery the very perfection of human institutions."
With the spirit which is abroad, they must be bold men
indeed who think they can prevent the Ministerial plan of
Reform from being carried into effect. Lord Stanley, who
at first had his apprehensions as to the success of the
measure, expressed himself last night confident of suc-
cess. " Many of those (said his Lordship) who had never
dared to express an opinion before—who had been trans-
ferred from band to hand like so many cattle—were now
beginning to understand their rights, and to assert and
exercise them.—(Hear.) He apprehended that a very few
days would elapse before some Hon. Members who repre
sented boroughs would find calls made upon them such
as they had never heard before." Mr. Perceval, who
opened the debate in a strange speech, opened up peculiar
views of the Deity. "He had (he said) passed many
sleepless nights thinking of these things, and he was
humbly thankful that God had permitted him to do so
much." Now, let us see what he has been permitted to
do, for which he is so thankful. " With respect to the
reason for these rotten boroughs, he could (he said) give

lo Pe Ce]
• onr. Besides beiog parts of ore geetral ' whirle,/
-
the existence of those Loi-oughs furnished , ;n-to that
very carious problem—the extreme expo
Ccrrstitution, by which it was enabled to ada ittostaest.
circumstances of the times and the interests of socWo3.lla
the ititer.sts in society were represented in money—the ge-
tters! ?epresentation of va:ue ; and are these boroughs could
be obtained fur money, all interests became, by these meant,
represented in society. Thus all found eiCreSS to Parliament
through the money they possessed ; and co every inte-
I'M, however it might grow and expand, found access to
Parliament, and was represented there. There were also
the nomination beroughe, maid he could find a rearms for
them." But mane/ cannot be represented by means of
!here rotten borough., nithout e commission by the
peracme who receive the money of bribery,' end if the
bribery oath he taken, of perjury. The Right Hon.
Gentleman is tharrkfol that God has permitted him to
defend the commission of bribery And perjury. But,
with a singular inconsistency, while he ad; ocattv the ne-
ceseity of a system, to the working of which bribery is in-
dispertaable ; he says that bribes), which produces so much
good. which gives tos the best and most valuable part of
tire Dritish Constitution, is an evil. " There was anctlier
evil belonging to t, e present system that of bribery;
which the present Bill did not touch, and would not
cure. That was a moral evil, and moral evils were never
to be cured by an exteevegant mechanical yroce.e." But
If the moral evil were to be cured. adieu to the British
Constitution. If the prayers of tire Right Finn. Gentleman
fir the conversion of sinners were to be its successful as
his prayers for permission to defend rotten boroughs with
success, what would be the use of his rotten fir:roughs on
which money could have no influonce ? We have always
advocated e hat we considered good Government, and
this the Right Hon. Gentleman terms republican, the
plunder of the people through the cots-411)6mi of the few
being, according to him, essential to Monarchy ! Mo-
narchy is much obliged to him. The Right Hon. Gentle-
man has obviously mistaken our exposure of the absurdity
of the usual theory of the Consti.otion of three Powers
halm:icing each other - for an argument that a Second
Chamber of great lanillmoldere cannot exist wish a Muse of
Commons. As the Lord Advocate observed—what is a
Peer but a great landholder ? Unfortunately, many of
them are neither landholders, nor moneyholders, but beg-
gars, and much of the dissatisfaction of the people has its
origin in this cause. Lord John Russell made an able
reply.—Morning Chronic& •
It appears to us, after a careful perusal of the debates in
the House of Commons on the subject of Reform, that
the only proposition advanced by the opponents of the plan
of the Ministers deserving attention is that every interest
being represented under the present system, what need, is
there of alteration? Does not Westbury supply us with'
an agent for West India plintets ? Does not Old Sarum
take equal care of us in Indian indigo and cotton ? Can
Birmingham require a better advocate than Matthias from
Boronghbridge? And why is it so? Because as Jew-
or Gentile nig become possessors of money, so they
may traffic in seats in Parliament. But, to deal with
the question gravely, let us ask these close-borough,
optimists what is the House of Commons? Do they contend
that it is at the present days Committee of intelligent gen-
tlemen summoned by the King at his good pleasure to ad-
vise him in matters of finance? or if they reject— which,.
by the bye, they seem much disposed to do—the authority
of the King, will they assert that it is, or ought to be,
with a few exceptions, a Committee nominated by the
Aristocracy, without reference to the King or to the
people ? We care little what the House of Commons may
have been in time reign of the Edwards or the Henries;
nay, es e do not dwell much upon what it was nearer our,
own timer, but we know what it ought to be now. The,

House of Commons should, in its sum, be the represents-,
' tion of the people of England, and its members should
individually represent certain bodies of that population,
by whose direct election they should hold their seats in
the National Legislature. We boldly affirm that any other
constitution of the House cannot, will not, and must not
subsist through the nineteeth century. Sir R. Peel has done
himself great credit by sweeping away many vexatious fic-
tions of law, and he may rest assured that the people of Eng-,
land will follow up the example, and no longer tolerate 5c-

tionsofcorporaticuis, or fiction; of hurgage tenure. In the one .
case acknowledged law, as well as practice, was on the
side of fiction ; hut on the other the practice is directly
opposed to positive and recent enactments. To us it is a,
subject of deep r. gret to witness the sad display of selfish-,
ness, on the part of the nominees for close boroughs, in
their opposition to Reform. We would not go the length
of calling upon them to retire from the discussion ; but, as
it is a real representation alone which confers the authority ,
to speak the sentiments of the people, we put it to their
sense of decency, whether they ought not to be silent when
the question at issue is whether they and their patrons are
to continue the exercise of a right which is as much a usur-
pation upon the rights of the King as of the people? The
wish and the indispensable want of the King is to he made
acquainted with the opinions and wishes of his people : these
he may learn front their representatives, fairly and freely
chosen; but surely he is not likely to be as well informed by
nominees of a few proprietors of boroughs. If the usurpa-
tion be thus established as regards the King, the case is still
stronger for the people. The English nation is not, as
some are pleased to think, still in its nonage; it really can
walk alone without the leading strings of young or old
nominees of borough-owners. It has judgment enough to
select, without direct interference, men of property, talent,
an character, to be its representatives ; and, even were it
true that the tutelage has been beneficially exerted, nations,
like individuals, will, when arrived at years of maturity,
insist upon the exercise of their inherent and indefeasilsle
rights. We caution the people against the cry of moderate
Reform, raised by some of the most bitter opponents of all
Reform. The addition of a few Members for the principal
trading and manufacturing towns now unrepresented—the
depriving non-residents of the right of voting—and the
shortening the duration of elections ; th( se are the tubs
which it is proposed to throw to the whale ; but
even such alterations as these would never have been
entertained, bad not the honest and wise measure of
the present Ministers been brought forward. What the
Duke of Wellington and Sir Robert Peel would have done
is matter of history, and, had they remained in office, in,
all probability, the House of Commons would have been
already involved in a contest with the people of England.
Let us examine these measures of moderate Reform. The
compact squadron of close boroughs could bear, without
danger, an addition of ten Members to the regular force
of which the rest of the House is composed—the striking
off the non-resident voters, while seats are marketable, is
a direct paving to those who are purchasers ; and so far
reformers and anti-reformers, though fur different reasons,
go together. /This remark applies equally to shortening
the duration of elections, by which the expenses of the
candidates would be le'sened. But do any of these measures
touch the great and just demand of the people to be directly
and really represented ? Not in the least. Hail such al-
terations been voluntarily offered, and had opportunities
for making them been anxiously seized, the people
might have submitted to a longer tutelage; indeed they
might have felt a sort of confidence that as every year
must, from the inquiring spirit of the times, hart
brought the abuses and corruption of the representative
system into more public and disgraceful notice, the Hume
of Commons would have, of itself, shaken off the techni-
calities by which measures of amendment were often de-
feated and always delayed ;—but East Retford destroyed
all such hope, and surely there never was an instance in
which the infatuation of the unjust proved so providen•
tial. To that, and to the Duke of Wellington's off-hand
declaration against all Reform, we are indebted for the
honest measures of Reform now brought forward by the,
present Ministry, under the sanction of our patriot Mo-
narch. Sir Robert Peel must know that the time is
gone by when he might hope to have pleaded the people
of England out of their reasonable demand,. He must
quit the interested wordlings by whom he is surrounded,
and steer his Parliamentary couree by the changeil upset
and foreboding signs of the times•—Morning Herald.

In the New Monthly Magazine, just issued,
an ample apace is allotted to the ermsideration of public
affairs, which now exercise, generally, so absorbing an
influence. The fourth paper on the " Speakers and Speeches
in Parliament" enters into a spirited analysis of the public
pretensions of Mr. HUNT, Mr. O'CoNNELL, Sir HENRY
PARNELL, and Mr. O'Goastax MAHON ; and gives a
running commentary on the recent transactions within
the walls of St. Stephen's. " The Political Aspect of
Ireland," forms the subject of a strong and scrutinizing.
article. The "Sketches of the English Bar" are conti-
nued in an Essay on the character and talent of the pre-
, Sir THOMAS Dxsistax. Among
General,
the object of so much present
omitted— an interesting communication
country brine given, in which the Russian
there is illustrated by some striking anec-
A
character, of the Grand Duke CONSTA N•
continentalSyeenolsntxateitanxiety,
a,pt
ntoidir:nts ehittlnYoale:;:tetGi c,
TINE is graphically exemplified.
ATTORNEYS.—It has recently been made a
question whether an attorney is liable to the militia ballot.
It seems that. formerly they were exempt, but since ti e
servire may be commuted, by paying a fine or procurin;
substitute, it is no longer demised personal, n_d therefore
he exemption in this respect
_l3B Crased;i
Case, 2 W. ]91.125.
Law of Attorneys and COB! M, 137, o,n 9 G

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE' OF LORDS, 31:4recir 9.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Wool-
sack shortly after Five o'clock.
Lori RADNOR presented a petition front a parish in
Yorkshire in favour of Parliamentary Reform.
The Watling street Roads Bill was read a third time
and pas-ed.
The Marine Mutiny Bill, and the Transfer of Aids Bill,
were read a second time. The Richmond Lunatic Asylttan
Bill passed through a Committee, and was ordettei to be
reported.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY I....mught up the report
of the Committee on the Frauds r,r Creditors' Bill.
Sir ALEXANDER GRANT and others brought up
the Army Mutiny Bill from the House of Commons.
Mr. Tomlins brought up an account of Foreign Wool.
Adjourned at Trienty Minutes past Five o'clock till to-
morrow.

110 USE OF COMMONS, MARcur 9.
DOVER ELECTION.
LEGH Kacc brought up the report of" the Dover
Election Committee, which declared the sitting Members
duly elected, but that the petition against them was neither
frivolous nor vexatious.
STOCKBRIDGE ELECTION.
Lord EASTNOR brought asp the report of the Committee,
which decided that the sitting Members had been duly
elected. _ _
