LONDON, WEDNESDAY EITENENTG, JANUARY 6, 1836.

AT a MEETING of MERCHANTS,
BANKERS, SHIPOWNERS, and others, held this day
at the Egyptian 'Hall, Mansion House, for the RELIEF of the
MARINERS BESET in the ICE in the ARCTIC SEAS;
The Right Hon. the LORD MAYOR in the Chair.
The following resolutions were unanimously adopted :
Moved by G..F.•YouND Esq., M.P. for Tynemouth, and se-
conded by WILLIAM TINDALL, Chairman of the General Ship-
owners' Society.
I. That the perilous and distressed situation of the unfortunate
crews of the whaling ships now beset in the ice in the Arctic. Seas
calls loudly for a publie' expression of sympathy, and for the most
prompt and energetic exertions for the rescue or relief of the suf-
ferers.
Moved by Mr. Alderman Tilosirsox, M.P. fir Sunderland ; and
seconded by A. CHAPMAN, Esq., M.P. for Whitby.
2. That this Meeting having received with unfeigned satisfaction
the intimation, that in furtherance of the laudable efforts of the'
shipowners and inhabitants of Hull and other outports, his Ma
jesty's Government hive already despatched that able and distin-
ggished navigator, Captain James Clark Ross, with stores and pro-
visions, and are about to send the additional assistance of other ves-
sels, desires to record its gratitude for their prompt interposition
in the' cause of suffering humanity, and its conviction that the
British nation trill cordially approve Ilkir seasonable and timely
interference.

Mored by G. R. Rom NSO N, Esq.; 11!._P., and Chairman of Lloyd's,

ind seconded by Mr.Alderrilan LuCAS.

3. That this Meeting is at the same time sensible, that in the pro-
secution of the requisite measures, many expenses have been in-
curred, and many claims must arise, which his Majesty's Govern-
ment may not feel authorized to defray ; alike, therefore, as an
unequivocal testimony of public sympathy, and as a means of
beneficial co-operation with the exertions now making by public
departments and by private individuals, subscriptions he opened,
Lobe applied in aid of those exertions, at the discretion of a Com-
mittee to be now appointed.
Moved by Captain.J. H. Pzu.vr, Deputy Master of the Trinity

- . .
House ; and seconded by NATHANIEL GOULD, Esq.
4. That the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, the:Gentlemen
composing the Committee of the General Ship Owners' Society,
together with the following Gentlemen, viz. :
Sir Felix Booth, Bart. Captain Henry Neilson.
Captain James Barber. . Sir Charles Price, Bart.
Robert,Carter, Esq. (Captain J. H. Pelley.
Aaron Chapman, Esq., M.P. iGeorge Ross, Esq.
Mr. Alderman Lucas. , IMr. Alderman Thompson, M.P.
Geo."Lyall, Esq. IJohn Wilks, Esq., M.P.
be requested to constitute the said Committee, with power to add to
their number. •

Moved, by Voing,' \\Talcs Esq., M.P. for Boston; seconded by
Captain JOHN BA It BEis, H. C. S.
5. That the cordial thanks of this Meeting be presented to the
Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, for the warm interest he has mani-
fested in its objects, the liberal assistance he has given to their pro-
motion, and for his able and impartial conduct in the Chair.
A liberal subscripion was then announced, the particulars of
which will be forthwith advertised.

Subscriptionsireceived at the Mansion House; Bar at Lloyds's ;
General Shipowners' Society ; and by all the London Bankers.

THE UNIVERSAL LIFE ASSURANCE
SOCIETY, 69, Cornhill, London.
Sir HENRY WILLOCK, K.L.S., Chairman.
JOHN STEWART, Esq., M.P., Deputy Chairman.
This Society effects Assurances on the lives of persons resident
in Great Britain, India, and other British possessions, on the most
liberal terms, and divides annually three-fourths of the profits
among the Assured. Tables of rates, which are very moderate,
and any information, may be obtained on application to
ROBERT CHRISTIE, Actuary.

VINE WAX CANDLES, Is, 6d. per lb.—
Geriuine Wax, '2s. Id .L-Superior transparent Sperm and
Composition, 2s. ld.—Best Kitchen •r Office Candles, 61/2d.
Extra. fine moulded Candles, With the improved Waxed Wicks, 7d.
Yellow Soap, 425., 465., 525., and 565. per 112 lbs.—Mottled,
525., iBs., and 62s.—Windsor and Palm, l s.• 4d. per packet—Old
Brown Windsor, Is. 9d.—Rose, l's.—Camphor, 2s.—Superior
Almond, 2s. W.—Superfine Sealing-wax, 4s. 6d. per lb.—Ro-
fined Sperm Oil, 6s. 6d. per gallon—Lamp Oil, 4s.
For Cash, at DAVIES'S Old Established Warehouse, 63, St
Martin's-lane (opposite New Slaughter's Coffeehouse), Charing-
cross.

CHURCH REFORM MEETING.

A meeting was hold on Monday evening at the Finsbury
Circus Chapel, for the purpose of hearing from the Rev. T.
Tully Cribbace, A.M., an account of the Church ReforM
Unions .whit la have been formed in the North of England, and
to take into consideration the propriety of forming a branch
in the metropolis. The objects of the Unions, as put forward
in the prospectus, are to assert the sole supremacy of Christ
—to restore to the people the right of choosing the Clergy—
to remove the Bishops from the House of Lords—and to abo-
lish all manner of compulsion.
The Rey. A. FLETCHER stated the objects of the present
meeting, which was a preliminary one, for the purpose of
making arrangements for a public meeting to be held at the
:city of London Tavern ou Tuesday next. He would invite
The meeting to join him in prayer previous to the commence_
`went of the proceedings.
• The Rev. T. T. CRIBBACE then addressed the meeting.
He Appeared before tthem• for the purpose of • giving them an
account of the Church" Reform Unions which had been formed,
and were in -course of formation in several towns in the North
of England, and to submit to the people of the metropolis the
.propriety of forming a similar one there. The principles upon
which these Unions were based, were as follow : •
,‘ I. !That the Lord Jesus Christ is the sole rightful Head of all
the Churches of England, and the King, or more necessarily, the
,future Queen, of England,' must resign that title and authority.
" 2. That it is the right of the Christian people, under their
Divine Head, freely to choose their own Ministers,, to the thorough
abolition of political patronage, and the removal of the Bishops
from the House of Peers. '

3. That the ordinance of the Lord, respecting the previsions
for the Clergy, requires the' abolition of all compulsion in every
form, whether of Tithes, Church-rates, Marriage Fees, payments
for Baptismal Registration, or Burial Dues ; that Church Pro-
perty, consequently (that obtained by private bequest excepted,
and due regard being had to the present legal rights of individuals)
must be transferred to his Majesty's Exchequer, to be employed to
relieve the national burdens, and then all parties left to support the
51inisters of their own choice, according to God's word."

The Society was composed of members of the Church of
England and Orthodox Dissenters ; and the spirit by which
it was actuated was a spirit of love towards all their Christian
brethren, and of anxiety to promote the interests of true reli-
gion. It was this spirit which had inspired the prophets of
old to conduct the followers of the primitive Church through
the fire of ten persecutions, from the cottages of Gallilee to
the palaces of Imperial Rome. He would not arouse the
feelings of his dissenting brethren, by telling them of the
grievances which they laboured under—no; such paltry mo-
tives would sully the great cause in which they were em-
barked. But he would tell them of the usurpation of the
privileges of Jesus Christ, which had been practised upon
his Church. He did not mean to make any attack upon
their gracious King, William the Fourth, who was but exer-
cising the prerogative of his predecessors; but he would con-
tend that the Kings of England had made war against the
Lamb and the Church of Christ. by taking upon themselves the

title of Supreme Head of the .Church—title which belonged
to Christ alone. There were three sorts of power exercised
by the King as Supreme Head of the Church—first, Legisla-
tive, by which he made laws and ordinances for the government
and discipline of the Church ;—secondly, executive, by which
he appointed ministers to instruct the people according to his
pleasure ;—and, thirdly, judicial, by which retvattds and punish-
ments !were distributed to all who obeyed or disobeyed the
King's laws, as connected with the Church. These were the
three sorts of power which properly belonged to Christ alone,
and therefore their assumption by the King of these realms
was a usurpation of the Divine power. He would give them
one or two instances of the improper interference of the King
in spiritual matters. The Scriptures said, " they who preach
the Gospel shall live by the Gospel," and " the labourer is
worthy of his hire." But what had the King done ? He had
abrogated and annulled that law, and had not only said that
those who do not work shall eat, but•those who work the least
shall cat the most.—(Loud cheers.) It appeared by the
evidence of the Church Commissioners that the revenues of
the Established Church were nearly four millions sterling - of
this sum the working clergy (who amounted to about half the
entire number) received 993,7401., while the other half, who
were non-resident and non-working received the remaining
3,000,0001. The Rev. Gent. then entered at some length into
the system of non-residence, pluralities, and the other abuses of
the establishment,- and contended that those clergymen who
received incomes without performing any duty in return, were
living by spoliation and robbery—that they had perjured them-
selves, inasmuch as they had made vows to discharge certain
duties which they had neglected to perform. After a lengthened
address, which was received with repeated marks of approba-
tion by the meeting, Mr. Cribbace concluded by moving that
this meeting do approve of the formation of a similar society
in London, and do request a public meeting at the City of
London Tavern, on Tuesday next, for that purpose. •
Mr. HUGHES was then called to the Chair, and after some
desultory conversation, the resolution was carried, and the
meeting broke up.

In the course of his address, Mr. CRUM ACT 3 stated that So-
cieties had already been formed at Liverpool, Birmingham,
Coentry, Nottingham, Sheffield, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
and that preparations had been made for organizing others at
Manchester, Bolton, Warrington, Chester, Shrewsbury, Wol-
.vcrhampton, Dudicy, Leicester, Leeds, Bradford, Durham,
Sunderland, Hull, &c.

RIEGO DOCUMENTS.

THE LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF THE

WIDOW OF GENERAL RIEGO.

In the name of God and the most Holy Trinity, the
Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, three Persons and
one true God.
I, Maria Theresa del Riego, widow of his Excellency D.
Rafael del Riego, Field Marshal of the National Spanish
Army, Knight Great Cross of the Military Order of Saint
Ferdinand, and Deputy of the Cortes, &c. &c., a native of
the Principality of Asturias, lately an inhabitant of Madrid,
and now dwelling at No. 13, Seymour-place, in Little
Chelsea, near the city of London.
Lying in bed with a long and painful disease, and feeling
the approach of my last hour, when I am to be united to
my Maker in blessed eternity, which I expect to enjoy
through the infinite merits of our Lord Jesus Christ, our
blessed Redeemer, by those of his most Holy Mother, and
by those of all the saints and blessed, whose intercession I
implore.
I declare that I have lived and die in the Catholic faith
of my fathers, believing all that the Catholic Church be-
lieves and professes.
That it is my will that my remains should be honoured
with those mystic ceremonies which, while they afford con-
solation to the living, they insure to the dead the resurrec-
tion of the flesh, and that, after being deposited in a coffin,
they should be kept for the disposal of my brother-in-law,
Don Miguel del Riego, a Canon of the Cathedral of Oviedo,
in order that he may remove them where and when he
thinks most convenient for the purposc of sending them to
Spain to join those of my husband, if they can be found at

the restoration ofliberty in Spain.
I declare it also to be my will, that all the jewels belong-
ing to my deceased husband, whatever and wherever they
may be, shall be delivered to my above-named brother-in-
law, Don Miguel del Riego. There is among them that
sword, now a national property, the use of which belonging
to my husband when alive, he preserved quite spotless, and
it is my will that it shall remain in the keeping of my said
brother-in-law, in order that he may, in due time, render it
to the Spanish nation when properly represented, according
to the wishes of the Cortes, as expressed in a decree which
they pronounced to that effect.

It is likewise my will, that all my own wearing apparel he-
given to my sister, Donna Lucy, to whom I bequeath them,
that she may enjoy the same in remembrance of me, and
as an acknowledgment of my fraternal love and of her parti-
cular affection and assiduity in attending me during two
years and a quarter. I except from the jewels a ring,
having a solitary diamond, a present made to me by my
husband, who himself received before from a fair unknown,
two or three days after his entry at Madrid, in the month
of September of the year 1820. Therefore I wish my
brother-in-law, D. Miguel, to inherit and possess it.
Respecting the 390/. which were kept at my disposal in
the hands of Mr. Barnett, to whom I gave an order the
day before yesterday to deliver them to my brother in-law,
Don Miguel, and which are the remainder of the 500/. the
English .Committee favoured me with ; I wish that, when
the necessary expenses of my funeral are deducted from
the said 390/., two-thirds of the remainder be given to
my brother-in.-laW Don Miguel, to my above-named sister
Donna Lucy, and one-half of the other third to each one of
my two sisters. (if .alive) Donna Joaquina and Donna Jo-.
sepha, whom I embrace most cordially. Any other pro-
perty besides which I might be entitled to, I wish to be dis-
tributed in the same way.
It is also my will that the ring of diamonds, formerly and
suecessively the property. of my grandmother and mother.
and presented to me by my brother-in-law, Don Miguel, at
my marriage, shall be given to Donna Maria del Carmen
del Itiego de Macia. The ancient fan, belonging once to
the same Ladies, and presented also to me with the last
mentioned rig, and likewise another fan of more recent,
fashion, as also a neck handkerchief, I bequeath to Donna
Maria del •Riego de Uria..
• I beg my brother-in-law, .Don Miguel, to take and tie to
the hilt of the sword abOve described, when recovered, and
which is to be rendered to the Spanish nation, as already
stated, that bla?k silk handkerchief, which was the only
legacy my departed husband.eould bequeath me- as his me-
morial at the awful moments of his death.
I commit, most affectionately, to the care of my brother
Don Jose del Riego y Riego;our two common sisters Donna

PRICE

Joaquina y Donna Josepha, and likevri3e our brotherly Don
Victoriano y Don Antonio, both of whom he shall endea-
vour to place under the eye and protection. of my brother-
in-law, Don Miguel, wherever he may be, and whose ad-
vice and directions I recommend all of them to follow, with-
out forgetting my step-sister Donna Maria.

Highly grateful for the numerous marks of esteem and
kindness I have received in this hospitable land, where I
have been thrown by the political storm in which my coun-
try has been wrecked, I beg my brother-in-law, Don Mi-
guel, to convey my last and most sincere acknowledgments
of so many favonrs and attentions to all those persons at
whose hands-I have received them, partiCularly to Messrs.
White and Windus, the gentlemen 'Charged by some of the
inhabitants of the ward of Bishopsgate-street to offer their
respects, attentions, and pecuniary assistance.
Considering it to be' my duty, and an act of good faith,
to which my beloved husband is entitled, that I should do
justice to his Memory at "this awful moment, when _I am
going to appear before the tribunal of God,
,I do most so-
lemnly declare and affirm that all his private sentiments and
conduct, all his endeavours and anxiety for the liberty and
welfare of his countrymen were the ever-stirring and absorb-
ing thoughts of his noble soul, actuated by no other ambition
than the glorious one of devoting all his services, and his
life to the attainment of so lofty and beneficial pur-
suits. Moreover, it is also some relief in my last mo-
ments to remember the love I have myself :professed to
my country, according not only to the principles of my
education, but likewise to the natural- impulse of my
heart, powerfully excited by the heroic deeds of my
husband'. And, recalling such sentiments, I cannot re-
frain from affirming, in this, my last will,.my ardent wishes
for the constant peace and happiness of my beloved coun-
try ; therefore, I beseech most urgently all her good sons,
all Spaniards deeply afflicted as myself with her present
misfortunes and disturbances, to co-operate with all pos-
sible efforts to the restoration of her inalienable and impre-
scriptible rights. Although I descend to the grave fully
confident that the great sufferings and last sacrifices of my
departed husband, Don Rafael del Riego, will always be
remembered and highly praised by all true Spaniards, and
that they will ever hold his family, which is mine also, in
some esteem ; I entreat them, nevertheless, before I
breathe my last, to cast upon that family, upon my orphan
sisters and brothers, a compassionate regard at some future
and better day.
And whereas on the month of June, 1821, the Spanish
Cortes granted a pension of 80,000 reals vellon, payable
from the national revenue to General Riego, his consorts
and sons for their lives, and the Cortes did not accept the
dignified and patriotic refusal of the same, made by the
General ; and whereas neither himself in his lifetime, nor
myself since his death have received the whole of that pen-
sion, nor do we leave any sons to enjoy it ;
I declare that, it is my fervent wish that all that I
might claim on' that score, till the last day of my existence,
be applied to the relief of the widows and orphans of those
brave Spaniards who, faithful and loyal as my husband to
the last, sacrificed their lives in support of the liberty of
their country ;
Finally, I do hereby name, appoint, and constitute my
brother-in-law, Don Miguel del Riego, the trustee and
executor of this my last will and testam,e-+ ; in attestation
of which I affix at the foot of thii docu.::er.t my Christian
and family names, with my sign manual before the follow-
in.. witnesses :—Messrs. D. Raymond de Escovedo, John
MOaver y Mendizabal, Don Joseph Passaman.
This 12th day of the month of June, 1824.
MARIA THERESA DEL RIEGO.
RIEGO DEL RIEGO.
As witnesses—

RAMOND LUIS ESCOVEDO.
•-
• JUAN ALVAREZ Y MENDIZABAL.
•
JOSE PASSAMAN, M.P.
Present at the execution and attestation :hereof, as the
last will and testament of Maria Theresa del Riego.
This 12th day of June, 1824.

ENEAS MAC DONEL.

At the request of the Canon Riego, I herewith affix my
name and seal, and testify my respect for the memory of
the unfortunate General Riego, who fell a sacrifice in the
cause of his country ; and also for his unfortunate widow.
Mansion House, London, Nov. 5, 1834.
(Seat) ROBERT WAITHMAN, Mayor.

Most Excellent Sir,—Acquainted through the public
voice with the contents of the dispatch addressed, to me on
the 25th of June by the Honourable President of the Ordi-
nary Cortes, which sat in the last month—a dispatch which
I have just now received by the mail of the 14th instant, I
cannot fail expressing to your Excellency that I was waiting
for it with that anxiety with which a liberal mind wishes to
make known its own feelings on subjects connected with
public curiosity, and which leave room for conjecture. My
wishes have been now to a certain extent fulfilled. I
hasten to reply to that document ; and if my words do
not possess that precision and dignity which are indis-
pensible, in addressing ourselves to the fathers of the
country, still they will express the feelings of my heart,
and be faithful interpreters of my impressions and sentiments.
The wished-for moment having arrived in which his Ma-
jesty,had, in the bosom of the National Assembly, sworn to
maintain, and cause others to maintain, the Constitution of
the Spanish Monarchy, I thought that one of the first acts
of the representatives of the people should hive been to im-
press on our momentous decision that noble character to
which by justice,and even by policy, it was so much entitled.

In order to legitimatize our deed, it was proper for, nay in-
cumbent upon the Cortes to substitute for the stain of " fac-
tions and rebels," with which we had been stigmatized by the
greatest number of the public functionaries in high destina-
tion, the most solemn declaration of the Cortes themselves,
. _

that we were to be considered as heroic defenders of the
rights of the people, possessing on that account strong claims
on the gratitude of the country.
The Cortes having at length determined to show their
high sense of the national obligation towards those who had
the good fortune to lay the foundations of Spanish Liberty,
they have an indisputable right to their everlasting acknoW-
ledgments. He who has served his country and listened
to the voice in which this generous mother expressed her
ardent joy, has already obtained rewards, the high value of
which cannot be adequately expressed, and has been called

.
:o an eminence above which it would be difficult to be raised

higher, however lofty human, calculation may be. The cry
of liberty, which, at the head of the second battalion of
Asturias, I raised on the Ist of January, 1820, at Las Ca-
bezas de San Juan, near the margin of the Guadaiquiver,
and on the following day, on the memorable banks of the
Guadalete, was followed by those different deeds of patrio-
tism and glory which have so brilliantly. illustrated our
noble country. Law superseded caprice, the wreaths of
liberty the fetters of slavery, the hymns of life the groans
of the grave. Oh what an accumulati-)n of rewards!
But no ! I shall not give way to that iovcluntary rapture
which produces such remembrances. Ido not wish that
malice may misconstrue my ezpressions,•or trace to a ridi-
culous self-love that which is the offspring of the most pure
and sublime emotions.

Although from motives which it is better to pass over in
silence than to expose, efforts have been made in the very
bosom of the Sovereign Congress to depreciate my con-
duct, I am thoroughly-.convinced that my name will go
down to posterity as spotless as it appeared on the Ist of
January, on the plains of Betica. This consolation, of
which the blackest of intrigues cannot strip me, is dear to
a man who prefers the good opinion and affection of his fel-
low-citizens to all other favours. But it is perhaps owing
to much susceptibility, that I evince this anxiety that my
actions may always bear manifest testimony to the fidelity
of my protestations. Yes, it is a' certain truth, that in the
most eventful period, I have proclaimed our Constitution
with no other object than that of giving liberty to my native
country.
Should I, most excellent Sir, accept a pecuniary. gift as a
recompense for services of that nature ? Should I furnish a
proof to the nation that I am not worthy of the exalted des-
tiny 'which lam ambitious to enjoy—of promoting her liberty
and greatness?
It is not my intention to blame the fathers of the country
who have contemplated such reward. All men do not look

upon objects with the same iiews, and those who grant a
gift do not always comprehend all the reasons which the in-
dividual so favoured may have for declining it. Some of
the representatives of the people have said that those'happy
days have passedby, when great achievements were rewarded
with a branch of laurel, or by similar distinctions. Oh !
how sensibly do I contemplate such wrong done to a nation
just beginning to soar on such lofty winos! Ought.she to
be so debased as to set a value only_on pecuniary gifts,
without feeling any enthusiasm towards what was the object
of the most amiable ambition in other times ? It, is in.the
hands of those who direct the destinies of 'the people, to
revive those brilliant days, and to evoke those virtues, the
fair daughters of liberty, to shine in harmonious splendour
over the generous and inviting soil.
I\l9, most excellent Sir ; my character, my principles, the
springs which regulate the hearts of honourable men, will
not permit me to accept, among the rewards with which, I
am honoured, the pension of 80,000 reals, of which, I make
by- this letter, the most formal and solemn refusal. The
Cortes, whose authority is with me most sacred and
I
re-
spected in worldly concerns, will not, I trust, persevere n

I am not rich ; but the pay of
country has confided to my humbli,
lents, will most abundantly satisfy
children, if I shall have any, will never have . to
complain of this country, if they deserve well of her.. If
they should prove useless to her, I would not wish t,r
endure that they should live under the shade of her belie.
ficence.
Permit me, most excellent Sir, when address myself to
the Cortes on the subject of the remunera!ions which they
considered due to my services, to conclude with the mani-
festations of my affectionate acknowledgment to Those who,
having been my companions in fatigues and privations, find
with me their reward in the liberty of their country,,,and
rejoice in the gratification of a man who had the happoess
to march at their bead through dangerous and difficult
paths. . Our lot was the same ; let the country see their
name assv:iated with' mine, and as the limits of this paper
do not permit the insei:tion of all, I will mention those of the
meritorious brothers the l'wo San Miguel, Miranda, Munoz„
Osorio, Medizabal, and those of Bustillos Inurrigarra.
Castro Osorno, and, lastly, ot..Perez and Valcarcel, my aid-
de-camps, whose honourable services in the pursuit of li-
berty will never die in the memory of the good Spaniards,
nor ifi my heart, which now. exults 'in belring this public
and solemn testimony, hew much •I
was extremely indebted
to their friendship and constant exertions. •
this
letter,
eclaimtr,
o4u
yourn a:cuostun2tof t
Excellency's
s
l:p .
.i indulgence
and e for the
extraordinary 1 e n g
of
-nature of its subject.
God preserve your I.?,Xcelleney'slife for many years. •
...R.A.FAEL DEL RIEGO.
Zaragoza, ic

To his Excellency the Pre.cident of the
Permanent Deputation of. Cortes.

HERTFORD QUARVER SESSIONS.

MARQUIS OF SALISBURY APPELLANT 7'. WARE POOR

RATE

This case excited great interest, and the Court was
crowded to excess. It was a question avhether the Marquis
of Salisbury, as the owner of Ware B ridge, was liable to
be rated in respect- of the bridge. At the last Sessions
Mr. Robert Everett, who hires the tolls of the Marquis of
Salisbury, appealed against- the rate, he having been pre-
viously rated. The Court on that occasion allowed the
appeal, considering that he %vas merely the lessee of the
tolls, and that tolls per se are not rateable. The parish
were advised to rate the Noble Marquis, as the owner of

the bridge, and he was consequently rated. A great deal
of documentary and other evidence. was given, showing
that the .tolls were taken as a toll trayerse, and that the
Noble Marquis was liable to repair the bridge, and bad al-
ways done so.
The COURT having deliberated for some.' time, retired
to their private room, and ultimately confirmed the rate,
subject to a case for the opinion of the Court. of King's
Bench.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BO TTY-STREET.

ALLEGED FRAUD UPON THE DIME OF WELLINGTON
AND OTHER NOBLEMEN.--Yesterday. Ecivfard Henry
Asker was charged before Sir F. ROE with having obtained
money under false pretences from the Duke of Wellington,
Lord Craven, and many other Noblemen and Gentlemen.
The prisoner, who has been known for years as a writer
of begging letters, was convicted on the 29th of April last
before Mr. Hoskins, at Marylebone-office, as a rogue and
vagabond under the Vagrant Act, for attempting to obtain
charitable contributions under false pretences, and was
sentenced to three months' imprisonment. He had no
sooner got out than he commenced his old tricks upon a
more extensive scale than ever, and at length carried them
on to such a pitch that information was almost daily re-
ceived at the Mendicity Society's office of some new fraud
which he had practised. Inspector Pearce and Sergeant
BiShop, of the A. division of police, were employed to
trace him, and on yesterday se'nnight succeeded in
doing so, at No. 12, Poland-street, Oxford-street,
where, on their attempting to take him into custody,
they were violently resisted by a man named Wood-
ward, whose wife is first cousin to the prisoner, and
who assaulted Pearce so furiously as to inflict serious
injury upon him. While the struggle was going on, two
women, who were in the room, broke open a desk, from
which they took some papers, and threw them into the fire.
The prisoner and Woodward were secured, and in a deal
bsox in the room the officers found 651. in Bank notes, and
in a snuff-box nine sovereigns. The prisoner asked, what
charge lie was taken upon ? and on being told for a fraud
upoa the Duke of Wellington, he said he knew nothing
about it. They were brought to this office, and W06,-lWard
was fined 5/. for the assault, and the prisoner was remacded
until yesterday.
Mr. Laws, a twopenny post-office keeper, in Broad4treet,
Bloomsbury, said -the prisoner came t!-) him about three
months ago, and said be had just returned from India, and
on the voyage home a mutiny broke out amongst the ship's
crew, which the Captain called upon him to assist in
quelling ; but he refused, observing that it was no busi-
ness of his, upon which the Captain placed him in con-
finement. • For this be had intended to have brought an
action, but the matter was settled. On a subsequent
occasion he called to inquire respecting a letter which
he said he had sent through witness's receiving-house to
a female, enclosing money, and which he said had never
come to hand. Witness told him that all letters coming
to his receiving-house were transmitted to the General
Post office in a locked bag. Several persons had called
to inquire if letters had been left for Captain Steele
or Captain Erskine. They had the 'appearance of butlers
or valets. On the day before 'Christmas Day a young
woman called, and inquired for a letter for Captain
Erskine, and one was shown to her, but she said she had
no moneyfor the, postage, and went away. The next day
a young .man called, and inquired fur the letter, stating he
was not Captain Erskine, but was a particular friend of his,
and he took the letter away. Another letter addressed to
Captain Erskine came afterwards.
Sergeant Bishop,' of the A. division, watched Mr. Laws'
shop on yesterday se'nnight, and saw a young woman go in,
and heard her ask for a letter for Captain Erskine,. and one
was handed to her so addressed. He asked her if her
name was .Erskine. and she said " No ;" nor was Captain
Erskine her husband, but he was a very particular friend of
hers. He told her she must wait, and she attempted to
run out .of the shop, but be made her sit down till Mr.
Pearce came, when she admitted she lived at No. 12,
Poland-street. ,They went with her there, and, after
waiting three hours, prisoner and Woodward came in, and
were apprehended as before described.,
Pearce on searching found a seal exactly corresponding
with the impression of a seal on a letter addressed to the
Duke of Wellington, purporting to come from a Captain
Erskine, and which letter was now produced.
John Goodwin, Esq., Secretary to the Vice-Treasurer of
the Queen's Household, knew the prisoner, and in 1801
saw him several times on the subject of a woman calling her-
self Elizabeth Locke.
Sir F. ROE said the only question with him was whether
he should convict the prisoner summarily or commit bins
for fraud. The two facts of the proof of Handwriting of
the letters to the Duke of Wellington, and the finding of
the seal, were strong procfs in favour of a case of fraud, but
as his Grace was out of town he should write to him, re-
questing him, if possible, to attend, and in the meantime the
prisoner must be remanded. •
He was then removed.
The nature of the charge as relates to the Duke of Wel-
lington was this :—Two successive letters, ptirporting to be
written by a Captain Erskine, was addressed to his Grace,
setting forth a tale of diStress, and the Noble Duke, in
reply to each application, forwarded a liberal donation. It
was afterwards found that the Captain Erskine in whose
name the letters were written, had been dead some years.

ATTEMPT AT ROBBERY.—Very early on Satur-
day morning last, about one o'clock, as two persons were
returning home by Emmanuel-lane in this town, they were
alarmed by cries for help proceeding from Christ's Pieces,
and on going thither were met .by a young gentleman,
closely pursued by a tall ruffian, who seized hold of him and
demanded money. On finding that detection was likely
to take place, the fellow, who was joined by a. female, ac-
cused the gentleman of having robbed a friend of per's of
40/., and insisted upon having the money. • The gentleman,
on hearing this charge, explained to those who went to his
assistance, that a friend of his had been knocked down and
ill used, when 'he gave them some money to desist from
injuring his friend, but in vain. During the scuffle, his
friend slipped the money (401.) into his hand, and requested
him to escape with it. This he was attempting to do, but
was overtaken as described. The parties were conveyed
to a honse in Emmanuel-lane; and the money secured. A.
gold watch was also taken from the bosom of the woman,
which the gentleman recognised as belonging to his .friend.
Pursuit was then made after the other rascals, but in vain,
and the man who was apprehended contrived to make. his
escape from the house ; his name,
.Ilowever, is known, but
that is of little service, as we regret to say the parties de-
cline prosecuting.—Cambridge Press of Friday.
TILE CABBAGE— 1-1. French journal observes that
the cabbage is a solereip remedy for intoxication from
wine, and that it has even the. power of preventing .it ;' for
we are informed, that •by eating a certain quantity of cab-
bage before dinner, we .may drink as much wine as we
please without experiencing any inconvenience. This pro-
perty of the cabbage is also mentioned by ancient writers,
who are of opinion that it proceeds from the antipathy
which the vine shows to the, cabbage ; if a cabbage be
planted near a- vine, the latte'r either retires or dies.--•
Mirror.

_ . .
' PRICES OF STOCKS TIPS
7..0;4 t,;,,ck . ...,r . •il i 44 .144
9vert-7,ra. P.M. ..» 40....91X 2,
3 ix-.• Cent Cons
.”,, pet- Cont....'. . . ... .... ..... ...- --...
DiLW Mid :00ti1,,,!
Ittl, n.,:„ per Cent c'9l,4(rt
New n per Cen t.._. ......... ~..... - •
Bait?: Long A nnuitics to expire i
Jan. 5, ,zr,:t 16%74
Oct 10, 1:150 I6Y,
J: n. 5, IW' -,
Jan. 5, 18,041„. -
April 5, 1S(10 ".
--
Jan. 5., IS7I -
Omniurn

pin.

DAY AT .)NE O'CLOCK.
India ............ 9.524 i
Ditto Th-mds .............. . ........
South Fea Stock ...
Old Annnities ...............
Nev. Ditto ...........................
3 per Cent. Annuities, 17512..
Exch. Bills, £l,OOl, li 20 pm.
Ditto ........ • ... 18 20 pro.
Ditto Small
Ditto Commercial.
Ditto Advertised —
Bank Stock for Account
India Stock for Account —
Consols for Acconnt "3% 2%

PRICE S OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CIATK.
Austrian Bonds —Peruvian Bonds . —
Me tall Bonds — I Ditto Account
'3itto Account.
Brallian Bonds ....... ......... ... —I Ditto Account. —
Ditto Account Ditto New Bonds SA
13tiennA Ayres Bonds ............ ' Ditto Account Bslq
Ditto Account —; Ditto, 3 per cent. 551%
Chilli; .n Bonds ............. ....... , Prussian Bonds- —
Ditto Account 46x, I Russian Bonds, 13'4 lOO%
Colitmtian Bonds —i Ditto Account —
Ditto Account
Columbian Ponds, 159.1..........3114 4 Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account .341 i 4 3•% 4 Ditto Account —
Danish Bonds ...... ..... -.. — Ditto Bonds, MI I-- 51'4 513g,zR
Ditto Account
Greek Bonds I French, 5 per cent —t —c
Ditto Bonds, 18115 —l- 4 per cent. —f. —c.
Ditto Account — I per cent f. c.
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent.... Exchange —ll —c.
Ditto Account i Dutch, 214 per cent. V% W,li, %
Ditto it per cent
Ditto Account 39i Yi , Ditto, 5 percent 103
Neapolitan ._-I Ditto Account .
PRICES OF SHARES THIS

British Iron Company
Great Western Railway Company
_London and Blackwall Railway
London and Southampton Railway
North Midland Railway Company

COURSE OF EXCH.
Amsterdam C.F 12 7

Ditto, at sight l2 5

Rotterdam - 0 U l2 7%
Antwerp l2 7
Homburg M.B. 1314%
Altana. l3 144
Paris, 3 days' sight 25 75
Ditto ..... - .............. 2Us 26 5
Porde:my .
Fran k for t OR Maine, Ex.M 15'%
Petersbuigh, ruble ..... el Us lO 0
- -

... .. . ..

Vienna, effective fl .2 M. 10 12
Trieste......ditto lO 12
Madrid 37

Cadiz

El:boa

Blreelona

Seville 3Ryy

DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share
50 37
5 1514
3
70)11pany l5 12
5

LN GE YESTERDAY.
, Leghorn I7N

, .
Genoa .. 26
Milan 11
Venice 47
Maples 40%
Palermo per oz. 12.2
Lisbon 5514
Oporto 56%
Rio Janeiro 'l7
Rah'? . 26

C; ibraltar

Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 2l days' sight l,
Cork lyi

PRICE OF BULLION, PER OZ,
Portugal Gold, coin .X.O 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bar 5...... 3 17
New Doubloons 0 0 0

New Dollars _ 0 4 flqi

Silver. hare, standard.

4 11?.,;

PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, JANUARY 2.

. ,
3 per Cent. Consols 90% IGrand Canal Deb, ti per cent. 86tii
Ditto Reduced - I Ditto, 4 per cent 57 Y.,
3i.i. per Cent. S!'ock 9S% j Hibernian rank
Ditto New, Islo 99 I City of Dublin Steam Co-.. 1127
3,4 r•t* Cont. Debentures 91% National Insurance Co -
Bank Stock 20054 City Debentures, 4 per cent... 7844
Royal Canal Stock. S6 Ballast Otlice Debentures, 4
Grand Canal Stock ,..... 2.3 per cent

MAILS.
Arrived. Du:. Arrived. Due Arrived. Due.
0 America 0 1 France 0 0 I.lsllnn 1
0 Brazil 0 0 Ouern.&Jerse.y 0 0 Malta 0
0 Buenos Ayres—. 0 0 Hamburg 1 0 Mexico I
0 carti,s, 0 0 Holland 0 0 Ostrul 0
1 Dublin 0 0 Jamaica ... ..... 0 0 Swede. 0
0 Flanders 0 0 Leeward lilands 0 1 Waterford 0

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY—LANE.
Second Performance in this Country of Auber's Grand Fairy Opera.
THIS EVENING will be unformed Auber's Opera of
THE BRONZE HORSE. -

Yang, Mr. Templeton; Ting Sing, Mr. H. Phillips; Tchin Kao,
Seguin ; Yanko, Mr. Dururet.
Stella, Miss Forde; Lo Mangli, Kiss F. Healy; Toajin, Miss H.
Cawse; Peki, _Miss Shirr;fe

After which, the new Grand Operatic Drama entitled
THE JEWESS.

Cardinal de Brogny, Mr. Warde; Prince Leopold, Mr Coorer ; The
are out Provost of Constance, Mr. Giubelei ; The Bishop of Constance,
M:. Seguin ; Eleazar, Mr. Vandenhoff.
Rachel, Miss E. Tree ; the Princess Eudocia, Miss Fords.
Stage Manager, Mr. Cooper—Acting Manager, Mr. Yates.

The Eox--eflice is open daily, under the direction of Mr. Parsons, of
whom Private and Farn,ily BONCS, Stalls, and Place, may be obtained.

Rees, 7s. ; Second Price, Ss. 6d.—Pit, 3s. 6d. ; Second Price, 2s. ;
Caller?, ; Second Price, 19.—Upper Gallery, 1 ; Second Price, 6d.

HAMBURG, DEC. 22, 1835.
NOTICE is herby-given, That the 67th GREAT
LOTTERY drawn' and published by authority, and under
guarantae of the HAMBURG STATE begins drawing. on
WEDNESDAY, 13th JANUARY,
and that the Tickets will cease selling at the original price of Eight
Pounds on 'Tuesday, -12th January.
To parsons remitting 101., 201., or r.:01., so early that they.reath
us before that day, we shall, on executing the order, return the ba-
lance of 21., 4/., or 6/., on cr before Tuevlav„,l2th January.
111 J NE liitOrrHEßS, Contractors.
P. S.—lf any order arrives after 12th January, the money will be
t-n imed;atrly retuned.

NOTICE TO ADVERTISV,R.S.

SUN OFFICE, JAN. 6, 1836.
Fro'd 17. is rtty Advertisements will be received at
THE SUN Office up to Two a' Clock, and in-
sert: d without an.y extra charge. The extraor-
dinary ;peed of o'tr 117eAinery, tvhich prints at the
roAa of 011Q.,,Hundred Sheets per Minute, enables
v. to delay going to Press much later than other
Papers ; and this extension of time will, we trust,
be.ibund ceavionally very convenient for those
who may be delay:al in getting Advertisenzents
ready
.fbr the usual time of the Evening Papers
going to Press.
