LO N DON,
FRID.4Y, NOVEHBER 3, 1815.

A Flanders Mail a►'rived this morning.

The Foreign Journals speak of some extraordi-
nary movements on the frOntiers of Turkey. The
very rapid march of Austrians and Russians in that
direction, teach us to expect some important al-
terations in the European system connected with
this quarter. It' is long since the Ottoman
Porte displayed so much energy. It has im-
'amuse armies on foot, and its squadrons are au
the sea. What has produced these demonstra-
tions has not yet transpired, though we iii agille
that any of tut! Negociators at Paris, could, if
they pleased', inform us.
There is a very strange account of an enter-
prize on d small scale, undertaken by Count
BUNTINCK, its support of some claims which
he sets up against the Duchy of Oldenburgh.—
This is the age for chivalrous exploits, and some-
thing like knight errantry. It was a hilly thing
to attack the Nephew and. Charge of the Emperor
of all the Rassias, at the head at a force consist-•
ing of seventeen ilea ! The Count, boweVer,
had possession of Kniephausen, nod played the
Sovereign for some time ; but being forced to
abdicate, he retired by sea, and is now at Ham-
burgh.
The rumour of the erection of Italy into a sort
of Royal Itcpublic is repeated with more the ap-
pearance of truth than ever. It is said that all
the Princes. will meet at Milan in the Spring,
%vim) the Emperor Er.ANCIS will be acknowledged
the Chief of this Confederation. be amount of
the Contingents to be forniahed by every State is
mentioned, and the Whole reach a number so
considerable, 152,000 men, as to
,afford ample
protection to the States of the leagned 'Monarchs.

The Pirates who failed in their attat:k or; Elba,
hae, Since plundered several of the smaller Islaud3
in its vicinity, and carried off some of the inha-
bitants into slavery. This, as appears, from the
li6torical narrative in the Count de THrEDiun's
voyage to the Isle of Elba, has been from time
immemorial a favourite pursuit of these Licarbarians.
Llow immortal will that country become which
assutnes the lead in any undertaking for the ex-
tirpation of these Robbers, whose unchecked
depredations are a blot upon civilization and.
polity, of Europe !

No French Papers have arrived to-day.

Among the reports carrcnt in Paris on the sub-
of MURAT'S desperate attempt, which appear-
ed in THE SUN of Tuesday, was the following :
Another (rumour) 'turned the whole tide. on
Italy, and sent MuilAT there to raise a Republican
Iniurrection." This then was the true fact ; the
foundation for all the exaggerated accounts which
inundated Paris, and excited so strong a sensa-
tion there. This unaided act of revolutionary
madness fortunately did not produce the effects
anticipated and asserted by the Jacobins and
iiuo-
napattists at Paris. The serpent was strangled in
the cradle.

But the proof of communication among the dis-
affected ►ruich is thus brought out, is a matter of
such importance as not be overlooked. A slight
movement in Corsica,—the binding of a small

troop of Rebels in distant Calabria, touches a.
chord which vibrates to the very ceutre of Paris.
The Faction seize the theme ;—they moul►l the
intelligence to their purpose the falselooml
swells into any magnitude or shape, and every
partizan of anarchy starts forth to
Rave, recite, and mndden round the land.

Such has been the case on this event, and the.
insane " parody" on NAPOLEON by Joacntm,
bad it not been for the presence of the Allied
troops, would have thrown ail France into a new
convulsion, so discordant are the elements, so
violent are the' passions, so incoherent are the
political unions in that devoted country.
Pizzo, where MuRAT landed, is only a few
miles distant from Maida, so celebrated in the an-
nals of British Vict wry.

The escape of. BtioNAPARTE'S brother Jossrg,
and ST. JEAN. d'•ANCELY, to United Sts4s4'.

is tool:ea to by the cleiroted and hot:-I:eatied
herents of the late usurpation, as a most auspici-
ons circumstance. It is perhaps the only founda-
'tion on which it is possible for them to build their
vain hope of the re-appearance of their Chief dn
the revolutionary- scene, at d'however extravagant
•that hope may he; as drowning wretches catch at
straws, we are not surprized at its being cherish.-
'cd.—The Americans will undertake any thing for
money, and these Itenegadoes have been unfor—
tunately allowed to retain their enormous plim-
der. 'tiro doubt' but there are' large sums of
money both in England and America belOng-
ing to the BuoNArAnTE family, and their chief
adherents, though Vested in other names.
They were too cunning not to place some por-
tion of the treasures of Fiance in security, at
the period they had these treasures in their
power, and were well aware that the storm which
threatened them might burst upon their heads,
and drive them from the country. We, therefore,
trust it will never be lost sight of, that though
apparently poor, they have secret hoards of
wealth to devote to any purpose suited to their
views. As for the St. Helena Convict, the Bri-
tish Government will look to his safe-keeping.

• A Morning Paper states, that it has letters
from Cadiz, of the 13th nit. which do not men-
tion the re,appemance of the Fever there, and
thence infers that our accounts yesterday may
be incorrect. We shall be glad to find theth so,
but they seem to be too particular to permit us to
be sanguine in the hope (hat our generally so well
informed Correspondent is, in this instance, mis-
taken.

The Speech of Count LANSUINAIS has found its
wny to the common sink of all fhat is inimical to
legitimacy and -favourable to revolutionpry princi-
ples, from whatsoever quarter of the earth the
polluted sewers run. It a!peared in I he. Morning
Chronicle this morning, but there is nothing in it
to merit particular distiuction. The old Democrat
Imperial Peer seems to have arrived at that stage
Of the human faculty which SLIAKESPAR.F: has

Second childishness and mere oblivion. .
lie has -unlike the taunt applied to the Royalists,
learnt nothing but forgotten every thing. He
has forgotten the events of the Revolution in
whie:t he figured somewhat conspicuously ; he
has forgotten the-reign of BtroNAPARTIt, under
which his merits were nut unrewardetl; he has
even forgotten an that took place during the last '
eight months, and he has yet to team what is the.
present state of.,critnce.
The whole force of the old adage " itcrientia
docet," a.c. is lost upon this person. Ile dotes
of evils which exist but in,his own fumy, and op-
poses a law which atTords the only chance of escap-
ing .a repetition of those dreadful scones of which
he has seen so many and' so much.,
A' ay such •pernicious Counsellors—away
with those who would try again the vain experi-,
ment of reclaiming hardened villany by truck-
ling and irresolute compromise. Too long
has the French Government been tituid and trim-
' ming :—cooling its friends and heating its enemies.

If it expects to be saved, it must assume a vir-
tue, though it have it not, and with vigour and
firmness rally the n ell-disposed around it, by
sliming them that they shall not be exposed to
the vengeful malignancy of the, guilty.

THE NEW TREATY OF PARlS.—Letters of the
31st ult. from Paris, assert, that the Treaty or
Convention has at length been brought to a con-
clusion, and that the signatures of the High. Co-
ntracting Parties would be fixed to it as this day.
In the course of a fen, days, a copy of it, there-
fore,. should this be correct, may be expected in.
London. About the sth or 6th, the Diplomatic
Corps, it is added, would break up, and the Fo-
reign Ministers immediately return to their re-
spective countries. On the close of the arduous
work of the Convention, the Duke of WELLING-
TON gave a Diplomatic Dinner, which was nume-
rously attended, and never were cordiality and
good humour known more to prevail than on this
occasion. Lord CASTLEREAGH is preparing for
his,rehirn to Loudon; and will probably he the
first of the Ambassadora to cult Paris. The latest
English travellers represent that capital, as to all
appearance, perfectly tranquil. The conduct of
the English troops, has 'natio nn ikopression
strongly favourable to our nation.
JUSTICB !—Tile French Papers yesterday
contained an article from Madrid, which, among
• other things, mentions, that " The King always
continues to preserve the highest popularity." This
impottant fact, and, we have' every reason
to believe, a true one : yet the Morning Chronicle
most unfairly omits it in its, translation from the
Foreign Journals, while it gives every other Mein-
her of the passage in which it is contained. With-
out contending either for or against FERDINAND
the SEVENTH, the public must agree with us in
thinking:, that such material suppressions are, to
say the least of then', very nearly allied to the
.crime of falsehood.

A.letter from Calabria, dated the l4tl tilt, has
been received. in town, via France, tviii.e,ll states
that au English man• of war, laden with trick-
silver, from Trieste; hound to Jamaica, is lost iu
tltc
.4e.clizerratican.
