SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

It is almost superfluous, we believe, to solicit
The attention of our readers to the progress of
the elections or to the state of the polls, as re-
corded to-day in our reports from the various
districts of England where they have begun or
where they have terminated. The subject is too
interesting to require any indication of its im-
portance from us, and our accounts would be
perused with avidity though we ourselves offered
no comment. We cannot, however, refrain
from again and again congratulating the country
on the success of its own efforts to be wisely
and faithfully represented, or the friends of good
government on the final triumph which awaits
their cause. Even the riots and tumults excited
by the Conservatives and their Jacobin allies
tend only to promote their own discomfiture, and
to elevate the friends of Reform in the national
esteem and confidence. Mr. Hill, the Ministe-
rial -candidate at Hull, was knocked down by
some Conservative or Radical ruffians in his pro-
cession to the hustings, only to be elevated
to the head of the poll by the independent voters
of the town ; and in other cases intimida-
tion of a less violent or brutal kind has been
equally defeated. Sir Edward Sugden has been
signally beaten at Cambridge ; and we are afraid
that, though we had been present, all our yes-
terday's pleadings on behalf of Sir Charles We-
therell, at Oxford, could not have saved the
Learned Knight from the fate which has im-
pended over him ever since he formed his most
unfortunate alliance with the expiring boroughs
in schedule A. At Newcastle-under-Lyme, Mr.
Peel, the brother of Sir Robert, has lost his seat
by a considerable majority. Mr. James Brougham,
the brother of the Lord Chancellor, has been
elected for Kendal without opposition. At
Ipswich, Mr. Morrison and Mr. Wason, the
Reform candidates, have been returned at the
head of the poll by great majorities At Sud-
bury, the Reform candidate, though run harder,
has likewise won the race ; Hunt is likely to be
defeated at Preston ; and Sadler at Leeds ; and
in very few instances indeed do we see a choice
to hich, all circumstances considered, we should
wish to change. We were never so absurd
as to imagine that the Reform Bill would at
once create new talents for public affairs, or alter
suddenly the personal composition of the House
of Commons. In this great and free country, where
the means of publicity are so various,—where an
able man has so many opportunities and so
many inducements for displaying his capacit3
or acquirements, independently of the Legisla-
ture,—where, if he escapes detection at school.
he is almost sure to be deterrj at the Univer-
sity, and where, if even his modesty or indolence
at college should prevent him horn commanding
the respect due to his abilities, he is certain of
-being made known afterwards in professional
life or in local business,—it was not to be sup-
posed that many persons could have hid " their
lights under a bushel till they brought them to
the hustings, or that we should hear of the pre-
tensions of many untried candidates for popular
favour at the elections. Nor have many such
appeared : the people have in general attended
to the claims of their old friends, where the\
found them constant in their professions and
consistent in their principles ; and probably the
new Members, whose characters and qualifica-
tions are yet comparatively unknown, will no!
constitute a very important part of the ne,,,
Legislature. But by the enactment of the
Reform Bill, both old and new Members
are now, to the extent of their constituency, real
representatives of the people. They enter the
fl ouse under new auspices and stricter obligations,
—they must address themselves to their public'
duties with a more direct feeling of the trust
placed in their hands, and they know that the)
are subject to a more efficient control of public
opinion over their conduct. This consideration
gives us hopes even of the Conservatives returned
by the influence of prejudice or old habits, and
at any rate strips the operation of their principles
of all reasonable cause of alarm for their results.
In the exercise of a privilege which had been so
long coveted with impatience, and so long
withheld by injustice, it was but natural to
expect that the new constituency would be some-
what wanton in their exaction of engagements,
and that the candidates for their favour would
be somewhat profuse in their promises of service.
Such an evil has undoubtedly occurred, but it
has been much less general than was to have been
apprehended. We have heard of only one or
two instances in which any proposition has been
made by the former, or accepted by the latter,
to break faith with the national creditor, or to
overturn—without attempting to repair or im-
prove—any of our ancient institutions. Even
in those cases the influence of the wretched de-
magegues will be rather reduced than extended
by being directed against the impassive and im-
penetrable composition ofan enlightened, honest,
and popular House of Commons—just because
it is enlightened, fearless because it is honest,
and strong because it is popular.—Times.

The elections still continue to favour the
cause of Reform ; but there are exceptions, in
particular places, not only to the success of li-
beral candidates, but to that general character of
propriety and tranquillity which, on the whole,
distinguishes the progress of the present election.
Lord Henley has given up the contest for Mid-
dlesex, and given it up, as will be seen from his
address, which appears in our advertising
colums, because he had ascertained that suc-
cess was out of the question. It is true his
Lordship talks of defective registries and tem-
porary reasons as the only obstacles to his re-
turn ; but why should not his Lordship break
his own fall ? For our parts we were prepared
for this result from the beginning, and we said
so. Lord Henley can now judge whether we
spoke from observation, or from mere political
antipathy and caprice. At all events his resig
Lion is a triumph, inasmuch as it shows the
odour in which even the more moderate and
reasonable class of Tories is held in Middlesex.
But what shall we say of the defeat of Sir
Charles `Wetherell in Oxford, and Sir E. B.
Sugden in Cambridge ? One would have
thought that if the Tories were those prosperous
people—that daily-increasing majority—whom
their friends of the Press so glowingly describe-__
the fight between the different constituencies
must have been who should put the two worthy
Knights into Parliament, not who should be the
first to shut them out. The contrary, however,
was the case. Oxford and Cambridge—two
venerable names, >by the way—have set an ex-
ample of exclusion, which other places may
follow, if those zealous Conservatives will put
them to the test. We suspect that they will not
find the doors of Parliament so open to them as
those of the Court of Chancery. In one or two
places, however, the Tories have had some suc-
cess, such as it is. Lord Stormont and Sir
James Scarlett are in for Norwich, but the
means by which they succeeded reflects as little

credit on their constituency as on their party or
on themselves. Lords Ingestrie and Mahon are
returned for Hertford, but they too must set a
high value on a seat in Parliament if they think
it cannot be paid for too dearly. At Hull there
has been also a disgraceful scene. We regret
to say that Mr. D. Hill, the successful candi-
date, has been attacked, and we fear seriously
hurt, by a brutal rabble in that town. These
occurrences are greatly to be deplored ; but, as
we stated on setting out, the general character
of the present election, with all allowance for
such abatements, is a character of tranquillity, as
compared with the spirit that used to prevail
upon such occasions.—Morning Herald.
At a moment when the great question of
peace or war may be literally said to tremble in
the balance, it is our duty to omit no opportu-
nity of procuring the earliest and best'intelligence
on this important topic ; and it is with peculiar
sati6faction we make the following statement : in
the first place, because we can guarantee its
authenticity ; and in the next, because its direct
tendency is to set at rest the gloomy prognostics
of general war, with which a portion of the
public Press has latterly been inundated. A
capitalist whose operations exert an influence
throughout the whole of civilized Europe, has
just received from the Prime Minister of one of
the great Powers the most distinct assurance that
the general continental peace is in no danger.
This communication is of the more value, as, in
addition to its own intrinsic importance, as as-
certaining the pacigc intentions of a Power of
the first military and political consequence, it
contains the most explicit contradictions of re-
ports circulated of a difference of opinion be-
tween the Power in question and the other great
Powers, whose movements have for some time

been looked on with apprehension. The com-
munication to which we refer asserts, in the most
unqualified terms, the entire cordiality that sub-
sists in the views and purposes of the three
great military Powers. This intelligence is the
more satisfactory at this moment, because it is
quite certain that, up to a very recent pe-
riod, the most sinister apprehensions were en-
tertained in the best-informed circles. We
believe the present ascendancy of pacific councils
in the policy of Austria (and in which her
northern allies fully concur) is to he attributed
to the perfectly satisfactory assurances she has
received that the French army in Belgium has
no object beyond its avowed one—that, having
effected the purpose for which it crossed its own
frontiers, it will immediately return. In addition
to the above intelligence, we may add, that the
Prussian Envoy openly speaks in a similar tone.
It is quite true that in the " Court and camp"
of Frederick there is a strong war party ; but it
is equally certain that the King himself is a stre-
nuous advocate for peace ; and whatever hopes
the anti-pacific faction might have entertained

from the reported precarious state of the King's
health are at an end, if he has been ill at all.
He is now perfectly well ; indeed, we have
reason to believe that the contrary rumours are
to be considered as mere stock-jobbing ma-
noeuvres. It is asserted, by what ought to be
very competent authority, that his Majesty has
not experienced any serious attack.—Morning
Chronicle.

We refer our readers, and all Reformers, to
the report of the Stamford election, or, as it
is more properly termed, " the solemn farce and
mockery" of nomination. It will be a source
of deep regret and sympathy throughout the
country that the public-spirited electors of Stam-
ford, who contributed so much to the movement
of Parliamentary Reform, should be the first
and bitter sacrifice to a general principle of the
amendment of the representation, which, by
the boundary of the ancient borough, has im-
posed upon the electors the chains of political
slavery. The added constituency and tenantry
of the Marquis of Exeter may not alone have
" closed" the borough, as his " notices to quit"
(" may I not do with my own as I like ?" said
his Grace the Duke of Newcastle) have pro-
bably had their due effect. But Stamford must
have the ballot, or be disfranchised. Represen-
tation under a system of open voting, in such
a borough at least, is a local injury and a public
nuisance to the nation. We rejoice that the
Election Committee of Mr. Gregory are re-
solved to expose all the facts and circum-
stances of the " influence" prevalent in this bo-
rough, and of the three contests which have now
concluded in its hopeless return to slavery. Give
Stamford the ballot, or disfranchise it ; no alter-
native exists for a reformed Parliament in re-
dressing the evils of a coerced and limited con-
stituency. From one of the actors in this bo-
rough election we may form some general idea
of the sincerity of those who, on their own
evangelical valuation, deem themselves eminently
pious. Mr. George Finch, a Rutlandshire
'Squire—the political Aide-de-Camp of Captain
Gordon—recruits with the Protestant Saints in

Ireland, to rescue, as he says, the minds of
the Catholics from religious thraldom and per-
dition. The same peculiarly pious and sanctified
individual thinks it not inconsistent with his prose-
lytising labours to contest Stamford under theNew-
market wing of the Marquis of Exeter, and to
share thegains of his domination in that borough.
So much for the virtue of the ranters of Exeter
Hall, who boast as an ornament of their sanc-
tuary Mr. George Finch, the elasticity of
whose conscience is now tolerably apparent !
We, however, console the electors of Stamford
with the confident hope that better times are
at hand, and that the unsuccessful issue of their
efforts in the common cause will afford " good
out of evil," and greatly promote the question of
the ballot. If ballot was tried in Stamford, as
" sample goods," no gift of prophecy or tongues
is necessary to assure Alr. Finch that he would
not represent the majority of its electors. Mr.
Gregory, on the contrary, with his tried public
character and opinions, and his manly conduct,
might successfully present himself for the suf-
frages of any open constituency in the kingdom.
Such is the anomaly in the case of Stamford—
present Members could be returned by no in-
dependent
constituency ; Mr. Gregory, the re-
jected candidate, would be accepted by any en-
lightened body of electors, especially where the
ballot protected the honest exercise of the fran-
chise ! We have always predicted that, among
the results of this general election, would be the
demonstration of the ballot or a new sche-
dule A. We observe that Mr. Newcomb, the
opulent and intelligent proprietor of the Lin-
coln Mercury—as country paper of the largest
circulation—avowed that the Stamford contest
had now converted him to the absolute necessity
of the ballot.—Morning Chronicle.

Lord Henley has retired from the contest for
Middlesex. In this he has done well : he would
have done better had he never come forward. It
certainly evinced anything rather than a modest
estimate of his own importance, that a man of
whom nothing was known, but that his votes in
the House of Commons were uniformly in sup-

• port of intolerance and jobbing, should oiler
himself for the metropolitan county. In the
excellent speech of Mr. Grote, at Guildhall, on
Wednesday he observed, " that he feared not an
open enemy—he was not unaccustomed to their
attacks—but there were some enemies who
fought with poisoned weapons. If on future oc-
casions the thousand tongues of slander should
be let loose against him, he should call on them
by their own observations to judge of his con-
duct—to recollect their present feelings—and to
continue their regard, if he had done nothing to
deserve that it he changed." Mr. Grote may
lay his account, that in proportion as he merits,
by his services to the people, the regard of all
good men, in the same proportio❑ will slander,
with her envenomed tooth, seek to fasten on
him, and poison his peace. But we trust that
there will be in the next Parliament a number
of honourable and upright men, determined to
discountenance all such modes of attack as he
has denounced. The reptiles who delight in
covering with their slime the best and purest
characters, exist only by the cowardice of the
better disposed. We observe in the Times of
yesterday, a letter from one of these reptiles, who
subscribes himself Thomas Thompson, and
who is styled in that Journal, Thomas Thomp-
son, Esq., Treasurer of the Home Missionary
Society, purporting to be addressed to the Rev.
George Evans, in which the stale calumny of
infidelity, so often refuted, is again directed
against Mr. flume. After a great many imper-
tinent accusations, this Thomas Thompson,
Esq., of the Home Missionary Society, pro-
ceeds to denounce him :
" His opposition to the acknowledgment of the hand of
God in our late national visitation, and his dividing the
House on the late question, deeming such an acknow-
ledgment 'cant and humbug,' will not, surely, strengthen
his plea to the support of Christian electors.
" Is he not also the patron and warm admirer of Tom
Paine's political writings ? Are not his associates men of
infidel sentiments, Deists, Socinians, and Anarchists ? If
so, surely no friend to the best interests of the British po-
pulation will ever lend him his cordial aid. The diffusion
of those principles in a neighbouring country prepared the
revolution, and the records of history tell a tale of their
results at which humanity shudders ; and in pointing to
Voltaire, D'Alembert, Rousseau, and others, she points to
a beacon at which the friends of Mr. Hume will do well
to take heed.
" Then, as to education, what would he teach the po-
pulation of this mighty—this influential empire—' the
arts and sciences, and politics also'—politics from the
school of his admired author, Tom Paine? From these
schools he would exclude the study of theology, leaving
that to the well-endowed teachers of Christianity—' po-
litics and political economy were essential parts of the
education of every man.' To Mr. Lancaster's schools
he had devoted the earliest years of his political life, be-
lieving that the people had been the dupes of ignorance,
and the system of Government had been a system of mis-
rule, to which nothing but ignorance would submit;'
whilst, with singular inconsistency, he observed, that the
only reason why education had failed of its effects in the
country, was because it was in the hands of the clergy.
" His presiding at the head of immense assemblies, and
remaining at a dinner during which he was a party to an
insult on our patriotic Monarch, and at another time sanc-
tioning, by his presence, the most atrocious calumnies
against the Queen, will certainly not endear him to those
whose principles are summed up in the fear of God and
loyalty to their King."
We are astonished that a virulent libel like

this should have found its way into the Times.
Is this fair hostility ? Is there a man in society
against whom such charges could not easily be
brought? The Lord Chancellor used to be
assailed day after day, for years, in the John
Bull, on the same grounds, and with equal in-
justice. It is shameful. Here is a man of
simple habits, scrupulous in the discharge of his
moral and religious duties, attacked—not be-
cause he is himself a Deist—not because he

is himself a Socinian—not because he is him-
self an Anarchist—but because, in his inter-
course with mankind, it is possible he may
have come in contact with Deists, Socinians,
and Anarchists ! He is charged with pa-
tronising infidelity, because, forsooth, in com-
mon with the Lord Chancellor, and most of the
Members of the Cabinet, he approved of the plan
of the London University, and encouraged the
system of Joseph Lancaster ! But Mr. Thomp-
son comes forward with the weight derived from
his handling the treasures of the Home Mis-
sionary Society. We remember that when the
project of building new churches was started, one
of the reasons urged by Dr. Lushington, which
seemed to weigh the most with the House, was
by furnishing the people with churches, they
might escape the pestilence of the Home Mis-
sionary Society, some of the reports of which
he held up as a disgrace to the nation. But
now the Home Missionary Society is put in re-
quisition to run down Mr. Hume.—Morning
Chronicle.

The cause of Reform is triumphant in almost
all quarters, and the Conservatives fairly hors de
combat wherever they expected to regain a foot-
ing. Wetherell, as we were the first to announce
yesterday, has been beaten at Oxford—Sir E.
Sugden at Cambridge. Poor Sibthorpe, gallant
Colonel though he be, has made an ineffectual
attack upon Lincoln ; and, in a word, in every
other quarter where Conservative principles have
been put forth, they have met with the most
decided opposition. Nay, such is " the change
which has come over the spirit of the times,"
that in the very place—in the venerable city of
Oxford—where Sir R. Peel could not find a
majority, when a Minister of the Crown, on
account of his assent to the Catholic Relief
Bill, a Catholic has actually obtained a
seat. But it is needless to waste words. Not
only are all those who supported the Re-
form Bill in the course of being returned to
the ensuing Parliament, but Reform itself—
practical and sweeping Reform is pro-
gressing with tremendous—with revolutionary
—strides—with strides which in other coun-
tries would have occasioned bloodshed and civil
war ; but which here will be accomplished,
thanks to Lord Grey and his Majesty's Minis-
ters, without either turmoil or disturbance.
Henley has resigned Middlesex, and is not that
a fact, not only that the Conservatives—the op-
ponents of all Reform—are extinct as a party,
but that even moderate Reformers can find no
place of election ? The contest everywhere, in
fact, except in a few counties, is between Re-
formers of different grades, and in every case
those who bring honesty and respectability to
the poll, along with liberal views of the
true interests of the country, are triumphant.
The lowest on the poll are those who pride
themselves on former performances—who will
not state their opinions at length—who will not
pledge
themselves to adopt those views on ques-
tions of vital importance which have already
been embraced by the people ; and one great and
important consequence of this state of the
public mind is, that while, on the one hand,
Ministers will not be opposed with so much
energy in the adoption of measures of practical
Reform, they will be urged forward, on the
other, by the real representatives of the people,
to go to much greater lengths than they had
previously thought of. Viewing, in fact, the
elections as a whole, they are, so far as they
have gone, highly satisfactory and cheering.

The people have not triumphed in every in-
stance, but their worst enemies have been gene-
rally beaten, and their cause is progressing—
another election, and what benefits may they
not expect from it !—Morning Advertiser.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

110 IV- STREET.

Yesterday John Smith a lad of 14, but of remark-
ably diminutive stature and childish appearance even
for that age, was brought before Mr. HALLS, charged
with robbing his master, Mr. William Crofts, the
bookseller, 19, Chancery-lane, of a 101. Bank-note
and other money ; and Thomas Grimwood, the
driver of the cab No. 110, was also brought in cus-
tody, on suspicion of aiding and abetting him in his
acts of robbery.
Mr. Crofts stated that the prisoner had been for
some months in his service as errand-boy, and lat-
terly witness found that he had been robbed of mo-
ney to a very considerable extent in some manner
for which he was totally at a loss to account, his till
being kept locked, and he keeping possession of the
key, and of his desk, where he kept bank-notes in
the same way. At length he suspected the pri-
soner, and on Wednesday morning he marked nine-
teen shillings in a peculiar manner, and placed them
in the till, and went out for a short time. On his

return he examined the till and found that one of the

shillings was gone, and he found also a bad half-
crown, which was not there before. He called in
John Gurney, police constable, No. 118, F division,
who searched the prisoner, and found upon him a
new and expensive steel purse, in one part of which
were 24a. 6d. in silver, and amongst them the miss-
ing 'lurked shilling, and in the other a 101. Bank of
England note, which witness immediately knew to
be one that he had placed in his desk that morning.
When questioned he said he found the 10/. note
under the desk early in the morning, and meant to
return it to witness, but had not had time or oppor-
tunity. When asked how he came by so much
silver, and by the marked shilling, he said he found
a sovereign that morning in Holborn, and got it
changed at a barber's shop, where he went to have
his hair dressed, and he supposed he must have re-
ceived the marked shilling there.
The prisoner, in answer to the charge, repeated
with perfect coolness the statement he had already
made to his master, and when asked what he had
done with the money he was supposed to have
stolen, said he had spent a good deal in cab-hire
and oyster suppers, brandy and water, &c.
Mr. HALLS—Upon my word, this is the "march
of intellect" with a vengeance, or rather, I am sorry
to say, the march of youthful delinquency. Pray,
Mr. Crofts, had the prisoner any want of time or
opportunity to return you the 101. note if he had
found it as he describes? Mr. Crofts—Certainly
not; for I was at home all the morning, with the
exception of a few minutes.
The cab-driver was not at this time in custody,
but Mr. HAILS desired Gurney, the constable, to
apprehend him, which he did in a short time.
When confronted, the boy said he had ridden in
Grim wood's cab several times, and had paid him a
good deal of money. The first time was when he
engaged him to take him from Picket-street to
Exeter-hall, where he had to leave a message, and
back, for which he paid a shilling. lie had
since taken him home several times to Hackney of
a night " after business was over," and he always
paid him. He one night thought he would have a
ride to Stratford-le-Bow, and paid Grimwood 6s.
to take him there. They had also had oysters to-
gether. Grim wood used to drive up to within
three doors of Mr. Croft's house and wait, and
when that gentleman was gone out he (Smith)
went to tell him if it was all right.

Grimwood admitted that what the boy had said
was true, and stated that he had driven him to
Chelsea, to Kennington, and to other distant places,
and received his fare. The boy always carried a
purse, and appeared to have plenty of money, some-
times silver and at other times sovereigns.
Mr. HALLS-And did you never ask him arty
questions as to how be became possessed of such
a supply of money ?
Grimwood—l did latterly, Sir; and he said his
master allowed him money to pay for cab-hire when
he went on his errands. I did not inqure of his
master in person certainly.
Mr. Crofts never sent the boy on errands to any
of the places mentioned.
Mr. HALLS, in very strong terms, con-
demned the conduct of the cab-driver, who, he
said, must have known that such a boy
could not be in the honest possession of so
much money ; besides, he could at any moment have
ascertained the truth or falsehood of his statement
by personal inquiry. The boy must be indicted
capitally for stealing the 101. note in a dwelling-
house ; " and," said Mr. Halls, " there was a time
when this wretched child would in all probability
have been hanged. Thank God ?. however, that
those days are past; but you, Grim wood, have much
to answer for. The evidence is not sufficient to
send you to trial as an accessory, and I must admit
you a witness for the Crown; and I have no doubt
that you will receive a lecture from the Court
which will probably have more effect than anything
I can say here."

The Prisoner Smith was fully committed for trial
on the capital charge, and the parties, including
Grimwood, were bound over to prosecute.

MARY LEE ONE.

MORE RIOTING AT THE MARYLEBONE WORK-
HOUSE.—Yesterday, Jane Wood, Elizabeth Bidder-
son, Sarah Carter, Hannah Reader, Elizabeth Ran-
dolph, Jane Siddlers, Susan Parsons, Jane Jeffries,
and Sarah Olivers, nine female paupers of the Mary-
lebone Workhouse, were charged with riotous con-
duct, and wilfully and maliciously breaking upwards
of sixty panes of the workhouse windows, value 181.
Isaac Twilly, steward of the workhouse, stated
that the prisoners were separated from the other
female paupers in consequence of their outrageous
conduct. They were placed in a ward under the
control of a nurse, and locked in until their beha-
viour should be altered. On Wednesday night, be-
tween 11 and 12 o'clock, they broke out of the
ward, and actually succeeded in making a hole
through a 14-inch wall, when they got into the
open yard, where they kept up a continual yelling
and howling for some time. Witness remonstrated
with them, and eventually persuaded them to return
to the ward; but yesterday morning they again dis-
played acts of insubordination, and, in spite of all
reasoning, commenced an attack on the workhouse
windows, and broke upwards of sixty panes of glass
before their work of destruction could be arrested.
Mr. TUBBS should commit them to the House of
Correction to hard labour for 14 days.

The prisoners here set up a general shout of dread-
ful imprecations against the parish officers, and were
with difficulty removed from the bar.

QUEEN- S QUARE.

CURIOUS CHARGE OF FELONY.—THE JEW AND
THE SAUSAGES.—Peter Garbanetta, a hatter, of
No. 34, Tothill-street, was charged before Mr.
WHITE, by a Jew, named David Lazarus, with
stealing three earthenware dishes, and also with as-
saulting a police-constable of the B division.
David Lazarus obtains his livelihood by selling
earthenware about the streets, and purchasing old
hats to polish up and sell again, and lie was fre-
quently in the habit of calling and dealing with the
prisoner. About six weeks ago Lazarus entered the
shop in the way of business, when a discussion arose
ou the merits of an old hat, valued at one shilling,
which the prisoner had for sale ; various other
matters were also talked over, which at last ended
in a theological dispute.. The prisoner remarked
that he understood the Jews never, under any cir-
cumstances, ate pork. Lazarus affirmed that was
perfectly correct, and explained the great offence it
was considered by his tribe. It so happened, that
in the midst of this harangue the prisoner's wife
brought in a quantity of pork sausages to be cooked
for dinner, and he was asked if he would eat some.
Lazarus replied that he must be aware from what
he had said that it was against the religion which

he professed, upon which the prisoner offered to
give him a shilling if he would eat them. The bribe
tempted the Jew, and a bargain was struck. The
sausages were at once put in the frying-pan, and
their savoury smell appeared to delight the Jew,
who smacked his lips at his expected gorge and a
shilling. The prisoner, seeing the Jew's eagerness
to commence the feast, now began to repent his
bargain, and considered that he had in some measure
played the fool to give a person a shilling to
eat up all his sausages, merely for the pleasure of
seeing a Jew eat swine's flesh ; he, therefore, tried
to back out, but not so the Jew, who exclaimed,
" that a pargain was a pargain, and he would shtick
to it." The prisoner, finding that he could not pa-
cify Lazarus, stuck one of the sausages on a fork,
and handed it to him ; and Lazarus soon convinced
him that a Jew could eat pork, for he bolted the
sausage at one mouthful, and claimed the remainder.
The prisoner cried, " Hold, enough !" and said that
he was convinced; but no more sausages would he
allow him to eat, and flatly refused to give him the
promised shilling. Lazarus flew in a rage, and find-
ing that he could not get the money, he laid hold of
the old shilling hat, and walked off with it. Nothing
more was seen of Lazarus until yesterday, when he
again entered the prisoner's shop, and commenced
bargaining for another old hat, and after a long
parley, he purchased it for sixpence. The prisoner
now requested to look at some wares in the Jew's
basket, and selected out three large dishes, at the
price of eighteen pence, which he purchased, telling
L+ztrus that they were now square, as he reminded
him of the shilling he owed him for the hat he had
taken away six weeks ago. In vain the Jew urged
that he had eaten the pork sausages, and was en•
titled to either the hat or the shilling.. Words at
last got so high that a police constable was called
in, and Lazarus gave the prisoner in charge fcr
stealing his dishes. The prisoner resisted and as-
saulted the constable. The whole party at last got
to the station-house.

Mr. WHITE said that there were no grounds
whatever for the felonious charge, and blamed the
constable for interfering.
The charge was then di,missed, and the prisoner
threatened to take out a warrant for the police
constable.

A DRUNKEN ADVENTURE.—Richard Sandon, of
Quebec-street, Portman-,quare, was charged with
being drunk on the previous evening, and corn-
, witting some trivial damages. About half-past ten
o'clock at night, the defendant, who had taken a
few glasses too much, was returning home, and on
passing along Little Chapel-street, he, unfortunately
unable to preserve his equilibrium, pitched head fore-
most through a shop-window filled with lollypops,
and sweetmeats, at the same time smashing a num-
ber of show-glasses. The defendant soon reco-
vered himself and ran off as fast as possible, closely
pursued by the lollypop-maker. Finding that he
was close at his heels, the defendant bolted into a
house where the door was partly open, in the hope
of escaping; he attempted to run up stairs, but he
had not ascended more than a few steps when he
pitched over the bannisters and fell into the kitchen,
where all the family were at supper. The conster-
nation produced by the sudden appearance of such
an unexpected guest, can scarcely be described, and
it ended in his being given into custody for the da-
mage done.

The defendant was fined ss. for being drunk, and
ordered to make good all damages.

HATTON-GARDEN.

Yesterday Elizabeth Gilmore, Elizabeth Foley,
Mary Perkins, and Mary Weston, were charged
before Mr. Sergeant SELLON with having assaulted
James Clutterbuck, a lad thirteen years of age, so
as to endanger his life.
The prisoners Gihnore, Foley, and Perkins, did
not deny the assault, saying that the boy called then)
" Irish tishfags."
They were remanded, and Mary Weston was
discharged.
Yesterday the following interesting application
was made to Mr. Sergeant SELLON, by William
Jones, a Hackney-coachman:—On Tuesday last,
while at the hustings in Charing-cross, a boy named
Charles Foster, who resides in Tufron-street, West-
minster, about 13 years of age, asked him to allow
him to ride on the box with him, which he con-
sented to. As he was driving through Chancery-
lane, applicant saw a waggon coming towards him
without any driver at the horses heads to guide
them, on which lie called to the horses, thinking
they would stop, but they proceeded along until
the wheels came in contact, and the jerk precipi-
tated applicant and the boy from their seats, and the
wheels run over the leg of the latter, who was
taken to the hospital, where it was found that he
had received a compound fracture, and Dr. Earl
ordered its immediate amputation, which the poor
little fellow bore with the utmost courage and for-
titude; and on seeing his mother yesterday, be
smiled, and requested her not to fret, as his pain
was all over. Applicant had taken the number of
the waggon, and could produce several witnesses
that the waggoner was to blame. The boy was
not yet out of danger, and he wished to know how
he was to proceed. . _ _

Mr. Sergeant SELLON told him that he might
have a summons against him if he thought pro-
per, and regretted that that remedy would not in-
flict adequate punishment upon him.
Applicant took out the summons.

COURT OF BANKRUPTCY.

MR. LEECH'S BANKRUPTCY.

A meeting of the creditors of Mr. Leech, of the
London Coffee-house, was held on Wednesday,
pursuant to appointment, to declare the fiist di-
vidend on the estate. The solicitor to the Com-
mission said, that Sir Charles Price, who claimed
to be a creditor for 1,0001., had received from 31r.
Leech some transfers for wine in the docks, which
could not be considered in the shape of dock war-
rants. Sir Charles had refused to give them up.
Mr. Price, son of Sir Charles, contended that the
transfers ought to be considered in the light of
dock warrants.

The COMMISSIONER, however, was of opinion,
that the dock warrant must be taken to be the
symbol of right to the property, which Sir Charles
Price had not in his possession ; and he thought,
therefore, that the wine must be placed at the dis-
posal of the assignees.
Mr. FAULKNER, the solicitor of Sadler Hall, said,
that his client, Mr. Slark, of Cheapside, who made
a claim of 2,760/. for money lent, held, among
other documents, a bond signed by a person calling
himself the Earl of Stirling, which Mr. Shirk had
received from Mr. Leech as a security for his debt,
but which he (Mr. F.) conceived of no value, and
he should therefore hand it over to the assignees to
do the best they could with it.
_ .

Mr. STRAIEFIIT read the principal part of the
bond, from which it appeared the bond had been
deposited as security in the hands of Mr. Leech
by a gentleman named Briant, who was largely in-
debted to him.

The COMMISSIONER stated, that the debts al-
ready proved amounted to 90,3741., upon which a
dividend of one shilling and ninepence in the pound
would be made.—The meeting then adjourned.

DEATH OF VISCOUNTESS DUNCAN.-It is
with deep regret that we hove to announce the death of
HENRIETTA Viscountess DUNCAN, which took place at
her house in George-square, on Saturday last. Her Lady-
ship, who was in her 84th year, was daughter to Lord
President DUNDAS, and u idow of Admiral Lord Viscount
Du NCA N., who gained the glorious victory off Camperdown,
on the 11th of October, 1797. Few individuals have died
more regretted by her extensive circle of relations and
friends than Lady DUNCAN. Her many amiable qualities,
as well as her fascinating manners, will long endear het
memory to all who knew her. Her Ladyship, notwith-
standing her advanced age, continued to the last in pos-
session of all her facultie3, and was distinguished by her
numerous and unostentatious acts of kindness and benevo-
lence to all around her. Her Ladyship's eldest son i.
ROBERT Earl of CAmmtnowx.—Edinburgh Advertiser,

FRENCH PAPERS.

SIEGE OF ANTWERP.

The following letter has been addressed by Marshal Ge-
rard to the Minister of War :
" Head-quarters, at Berchem, Dec. 9.
" Sir,—The descent of the protecting fosse in the co•
vert way to the Lunette St. Laurent was completed yes-
terday as far as the outlet on the border of the counter•
scarp exclusively. These works were greatly harassed by
the fire from the citadel, which, during the whole of yes.
terday and list night, has incessantly thrown upon our
workmen a great number of shells. This fire, however,
caused us no great losses. The fire of our batteries bee
compelled the Dutch to withdraw to the casemstes of the
citadel, which are immense. The communications from
one bastion to another are now made under ground; and
except the number of men strictly necessary for
the service of such batteries as are still firing,
no one is seen in the interior of the citadel.
This total disappearance of the enemy deprives our
fire of the greater part of the effect which it should prO4
duce upon the garrison. A report from General
Achard states that a frigate, a sloop, and twelve Dutch
gun-boats appeared yesterday before Fort Frederic, and the
Admiral summoned the Captain of the 22d, who occupied
that fort with his detachment, to evacuate it, threatening
to cut the dikes. Upon a negative answer from the
Captain, the flotilla commenced a brisk cannonade, which
had no effect. Under the cover of this fire the Dutch at.
tempted to land some troops, hut they were forced to re"
embark by four companies of the 22d regiment. The
armament of Fort Philippe has just been effected. TWO
mortars will also be placed immediately at Fort Lacroix,
which the fleet continues to harass by its fire. The se'
counts received from General Sebastiani, who is on the
left bank, mention that the Dutch squadron has not come
near the positions occupied by us; that it is still beyond,
Fort Liefkenshock, and appears to have the intention 0'
cutting the sea-dike of the polder of Duel. Its attempt'
in this respect have hitherto proved fruitless. la°
taking every possible measure to completely isolate the
citadel from the Dutch fleecand to thwart the efforts which
the latter might make to cut the dikes. Accept, &c.

" COUNT GERARD."

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES-SITTING OF DEC. 1°•

At two o'clock, M. Dupin, the President, took the,
Chair. Shortly after which M. d'Argout, Minister 01
Commerce and Public Works, ascended the UMW',
to present a project of law relative to the measures neat,'
sary to be adopted, in order to dispossess any individual
whose property should he considered indispenamble for the
erection of any work of public utility. The Minister
pointed out the difficulties and expenses the Government
had to encounter, whenever it was thought advisable for
the public good to purchase any private property. 14'
said they were of such a nature that it was impossible to
execute, in France, a road, a canal, or a rail-road, so in'
surmountable were the obstacles, and so exorbitant the
demands of the owners. He then pointed out the advan-
tages of such a law, in forwarding the prosperity of the
country, and concluded, amidst the noise of private con'
versations, which prevented our hearing the tenor of the
proposed law.

M. Salverte then gave notice of a motion, tending to
continue, from one session to the other, the discussion of
such bills, as want of time, or other circumstances bed
not allowed to be passed in the preceding session.
Some desultory discussions had commenced on the pro-
priety of considering the proposition immediately, or de-
ferring it to another day, when M. Barthe, the Minister
of Justice, announced that lie had a project of law for the
regulation of the responsibility of Ministers and other
agents of the Government, to submit to the Chamber. A
profound silence:then ensued, hut no sooner had he ber'
to read the expose: des motifs, than the deputies resumed
their conversations, and the Minister's voice soon became
inaudible. We could, however, collect that five deputies,
could denounce Ministers for the crimes of treason, peeu-
lation, or prevarication; the Ministers to have three days
to reply. If the Chamber impeached the Minister, the
charge is to be referred to a Committee of nine of its
Members, who must report on it in the course of eight
,lays. Should the Chamber admit the charge, they will
appoint a Committee of three or five Members to prose"
cute the offender before the Chamber of Peers, who shall
sit as Judges on the occ.ision, &c. The rest defines the
nature of the above crimes, and the judiciary forms to be,
observed in carrying on the prosecution before the Court 01
Peers.
FItENCU FUNDS.-.PARIS, DEC. 12.-Five per Cents.„9Bt 98f:
sc. 98f. 98f. sc. 98f. 981. sc. 98f. 9Sf. sc. 98f. sc. 98f. 98f. sc-,
Four per Cents., 81E 50c. ; Three per Cents., 67f. 95c. 68f. IV.
95c. 90c. 68f. 67f. 90c. 85c. 90c. 80c. 85c. 90c. ; National Loan.
98f. 30c. ; Bank Stock, 1,6801. ; Rente de Naples, 80f. 40c. 30C.
20c. 25c. 20c. ; Roman Five per Cents., 78% Rente d'Espagne,
Five per Cents., 13 12S, ; Rente d'Espagne Three per
Cents., 33 331 ii 33 3314 ► % 33 3314 ; Royal Spanish
Loan, 81 14 14 82 81 %4 82; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 567 s
% %; Belgic Loan of 1831, 7614 Haytian Loan,
2151. 2201. 225 f Exchange on London, one month, paper, 25. f.
75e. ; money, 25f. 70c.; three months, paper, 2.5 f. 60c.; money'.
25f. (50c.-Cours Authentiquc.
