NEGRO SLAVERY.

Petitions praying fen the abolition of negro slavery were
presented by Sir T. Blake, from Derwiek.upon-Tweed ;
by Mr. Dugdale, from Rugby;* by Mr. Littleton, six,
from Staffordshire; by Lord Maitland, from Jedburgh ;
by Sir It. Phillips, three from Haverfordwest, and three
from the county of Pembroke; anti by Lord J. Stuart,
two from Meath.
Mr. DUGDALE presented a petition from the Chamber
of Commerce at Birmingham, respecting the Danish claims.
Mr. LITTLETON postponed, in consequence of the
absence of Mini,ters, the motion of which he had given
notice, on the Truck System, from the 2tl to the 14th of
December.
Mr. HUME said he had given notice of amendment to
the Hun. Gentleman's motion, and he should therefore
postpone that till the same day.
COAL DUTY.

Lord F. OSBolll;lltiresented petitions from Wisbeach
and the Isle of Ely, against the duty on sea-borne Coale.
Mr. SPENCE moved fur it return of the amount of all
sums of money received in the different offices connected
With the High Court of Chancery during the last four
years.--Ordered.
Mr. 11081101ISE presented a petition from the inha-
bitants of South Shields, complaining of the abuses in the
ehurch estab►ishment, sad praying for a reform of them.
The same Hog. Maxima presented a petition from the
inhabitant householders of the parish of St. Clement
Danes, complaining of the expense Of the new Police; and
another petition from the same parties, praying for a repeal
'of the House and Window Tat.
Mr. 11011 HOUSE gave notice, that as early as.possible
after Christmas he would move fur leave to bring in a Bill
for the better regulation of Parish Vestries.
SLAVERY,

Petitions, praying for the abolition of Slavery, were
Presented by .Mr. Knight, from Warrington; by Lord
Stanley, from Oldham and other places, in Lancashire;
by Mr. Sandford, from Wilverton ; by Sir W. Ingilhy,
from Gainsborough ; by Mr. Patten, from Garstang ; by
Mr. Bell, from Wall's End and other places in Nortlinm-
berland ; by Mr. O'Hara, from a pariah in Galway; by
Lord Morpeth, from Bradford and reveal :other places in
Yorkshire; by Mr. C. W. Wynn, from a place in Wales;
and by Mr. Pringle, from the county of Selkirk.
Sir J. NEWPORT gave notioe, that immediately after
the Christmas recess he would move for leave to bring in a
Bill respecting the holding of pluralities, and livings• in
commendarn. . . .

Lord MORPETII presented a petition from a parish in
Galway, praying that the Catholic inhabitant* of the town
Of Galway might be placed on the same footing, as regarded '
their fraachite, With their Protestant fellow-townsmen.
Mr. C. WYNN presented a similar petition from' the
parish of St. Nicholas, in the town of Velway.
Sir W. INGILBY presented a petition from the inha-
bitants resident in the neighbourhood of 'formula, pray-
ing fur a repeal of the assessed taxes.
Mr. O'CONNELL presented a petition, praying for a
repeal of the Union, from the journeymen butchers of
Dublin—CA laugh)—and two similar petitions from the
parishes of Ardcatti, county Meath, and Ki!row, county
Sligo.
Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice, that on Thursday next
he should move fur leave to bring in a Bill for the better
securing the charitable donations made by his Majesty's
Catholic subjects in England and Ireland ; and that after
Christmas he would move for leave to bring in a Bill to
amend the laws relating to the marriages celebrated by
Catholic Priests.

Mr. WYSE presented petitions from Tipperary, pray-
ing for a repeal of the Union ; and' a petition from the in-
habitants of the parish of St. Nicholas, Dublin, against
'the duty on sea-borne coals.
General GASCOYNE wished to know whether the
Hon. Member fur Limerick intended to proceed with the
motion of which ha bad given notice on this subject ?
Mr. S. RICH replied, that his notice stood tbr a day
after Christmas, and' he intended that there should be no
!deviation from it. At the same tune► at he did -not .now
know exactly the position in Which' be (Mr. Rice) was
likely to stand then, he was not able to give a more direc•
or explicit answer.
THE LATE MINISTRY.

Mr. J. WOOD would take that' opportunity to say,
that no individual could differ snore than he did, upon
many public questions with the Members of his Majesty's
late Administration, he regretted, upon other grounds, that
some of them had been obliged to quit Wilms. Though no
Ministry ever catne into power in timeeof greeter difficulty
thaw those which marked the accession of the present
'Ministry to office, he rejoiced exceedingly that the rill-
60es which they had professed had triumphed, and he did
.not sit there to oppoie them (the Hon. Member occupied
his usual seat on the opposition benches), but he sat there
because it was his opinion that in the preient corrupt Oat*
of the representation it was the duty of every independent
Member of Parliament to exercise a vigilance almost
amounting to saspicion towards any AdMinistration.
Though he differed upon many general public ground.
`front the Right lion. Gentleman the late secretary for the
Home Department, he conceived that the country Was in-
debted to him for many useful reforms—(Hear)--and he
regretted much that the Right lion. Cleittlemau bad felt
it his duty to retire from office. Ile was sorry that the
Right Lion. Gentleman had nut become cmvinced of the
necessity, of reform; but at the mime time, though ant
office, he (Mr. 'Wood) trusted that the country would
feel grateful to the Right lion. Baronet for what he had
effected.—( Hear, hear. )—lle also regretted the retirement
of the Right lion. Gentlemen the tieeretary for Ireland,
than whom no one could be found better calculated for the
discharge of the public duties which had devolved upon
him; and lie likewoot regretted the retirement of the Noble
Lord who had presided over the W 00414 and Foveae, the
;duties of whose offiee would never he discharged in a more
vigilant, excellent, awl honourable manner. While
ite void this, he was far front wishing to be understood
it's giving his praise or ;went to the generel public prioci.
'Mee which had rendered the retirement of the late Millis.
tars necessary in order to satisfy the country. lie ft,

putted that hu thought thete were times of groat difficult)
whiett lb* new gWilitri bad cute 4to power ; Doi
