PARIS, APRIL IS.

THe General of Division DUPONT.CHAtiMONT
has been appointed Commandant in Chief of the
27th Military Division (ci.devant Piedmont).
By a Decree of the Government, the place of
Colonial Prefeft of the Island of Tobago is suppressed.
There is to be instead, a Chief of Administration,
whose funftions will be limited to what concerns
the expellees of Government in that Island.
A Portuguese Squadron is now waiting at Gib-
raltar for a favourable wind to sail to Algiers, to
compel the DEY to conclude a Peace, which for se-
veral years Portugal has been unable to obtain.

The Chief de Brigade RAP'', Aid-de-Camp to
the First Consul, arrived on the sSth inst. at
Auxonne, commissioned to organize the Helvetic
Troops which were in garrison. These Troops
were to depart the igth or zoth for Marseilles. The
Artillery only is destined for Cherbourg.
Totmorr, APRIL I 3 LESSEIGNES
has arrived in this port with the Squadron which
conveyed General BRUNE, the French Ambassador,
to Constantinople. He stopped at St. John D' Acre
on his return, where he was perfealy well received
by D'Glitizz4 PACHA. He left Alexandria on the
Both March. The English evacuated it on the 17th
March. Since their departure, tranquillity appears to
be re-established in Egypt. The Mamelukes were
cantoncd in Upper Egypt. The Rear-Admiral an.
Chored at Malta in the midst of the English
squadton, which was composed of ten Ships of
War. The 4000 men who had returned from Alex.
andria were performing quarantine at the Lazaretto.
In all the Sea-ports in the Levant, to which he
Went for the purpose of installing the Commercial
Commissioners, they were received by tke Turks
With every mark of esteem, and every demonstra.
lion of joy.
Ettusset.s, APRIL 22.—General BELLIARD is
at present employed in examining the Coast's of
Dutch Flanders. He has given diretlions for the
establishment of military posts, such as they were
in the last War. In the Island of Cadrand, the
batteries and entrenchments are completing with the
greatest celerity. A part of the French Troops
that have arrived at the Island of Walcheren, are
eantoned on the Heights. They amount to about
6000 men. The English Squadron cruizing off
our coast, has been increased within these few days.
RATISBON, APRIL 16.—TItz Imperial Ratifica-
tion of the last Conclusum of the Diet is expeeted
here on the toth, at which epoch the Diet will re.
some its Sittings. It is said that the delay of the
Ratification has principally arisen from the send-
ing a Courier to Petersburg!) from the Court of
Vienna, which judged it proper to entet into
some explanations with the EMPEROR of RUSSIA,
before giving its sanction to this decision of the
Empire.

BASLE, APRIL 19.—An Arret6 has been pub-
lished here of General D!JPAN, Direelor in Chief
of the Administration of War, which orders, that
the Fl'ench Troops stationed in Switzerland shall not
receive for the future any rations ot' meat, anti
that the Officers shall no longer have forage. He
remarks in general, that by this Arril-C the Mill.
WY Administration will have an entirely new or.
ganization, advantageous for the Troops and for
the Inhabitants of Switzerland.

BANKS OF THE MEIN, APRIL 17.—The ELEC.
?OR of BAVARIA strived on the / tth April at the
Capital of his new Dominions in Swabia ; he was
attended only by a Valet.de.chamhre and two
domestics. He had given orders that he should not
be received with any peculiar solemnity'. The In.
habitants testified the most lively joy at his arrival.

gXTRACT OF A WITTER FILOM THE HACUE, DATED

APRIL 21.

el Ainongst the Countries disturbed by French in.
trigue, over-run by French arms, vexed by French
power, and ruined by French connections, Holland
stands the first ; and the liberty held out by French
Emissaries, as an allurement to the Ambition of the
Fatlions, and to the Patriotism of the Republicans,
has been as fatal to our Independence as destructive
to our Commerce.

" Since 1795, when we began to feel the curse of
French Fraternity, we are became a beggared,
enslaved, degraded and debased people, without
public spirit, public virtue or private worth, seeing
with the same indifference and phlegm the misery
of our countrymen around us, as the insulting lux.
my of our Tyrants, who, not satisfied with the
plunder of our property, debauch our wives, seduce
our daughters, and pervert the principles of our
sons. By their scandalous example, and by their de-
praved.condud, they have outraged or destroyed
the moral and religious notions of all classes of
society ; our hospitals--our pr4ons arc crowded ;
and more crimes have been committed in our coun-
try these last eight years, than the fifty years pre.
ceding,
" Since the French first entered our territory, we
'have been more or less burthened with their troops,
but never entirely free from them ; because no sooner
have we eluathed, armed and paid one,di visa') going
to Flanders, than another has succeeded, comirrg
down the Rhine in rags, without arms, and with-
out money.; Holland has not only been the magazine',
tic arsenal, ,end the Treasury of France, but during

the tampAigns erminy, tri hospital t most of
its sick and wounded were sent here by water, w
be cured at oar eAlearr, in our houses, our public
hospitals not being sufficient to contain them.

Not satisfied—with those Fraternal ttanqiaionc,
our French Brothers, under the appellation of Friendly
Loans, Favourable Treaties, and Patriotic Duna.
tions, have laid our different Governments under
continual contributions.

" We have paid for getting rid of the French
troops, we have paid for getting them hack, and
again paid for getting rid of them ; we have paid
for having them reduced, diminished or augmented ;
we have paid to avoid revolutionary requisitions ;
we have paid to avoid forced contributions ; we
have paid to prevent military executiofts. We have
paid millions in bribes to French Directors, to
Fiend) Ministers, to French Generals, to French
Agents, to French Commissaries, to French Secre.
taries, and to their pack of Couriers, Clerks, Valets,
and Footmen.

" We have paid to the French Jacobin Fa lion for
changing our Government, we have paid the French
Moderate Faction for changing it again ; we have
in six years paid for the change of Three Constitu.
lions, and not long ago we were asked to pay for
not having a Fourth. Our Government may make
out its Budget, but not before the last Dutchman
has paid his last Ducat, can it fix what French
rapacity may exaa, and French tyranny extort.
Our French alliance has cost us more in eight years
than all our glorious wars under WILLIAM 111.
and the wars to the peace of Utrecht.
" If what we have paid proves our former riches
and our former resources, the disappearing of gold,
the scarcity of silver, the decline of our manufac-
tures, the decrease of our trade, and the uncommon
poverty of our people, prove our riches gone, and
our resources exhausted; and should France continue
to injure our Commerce, mock our Independence,
and plunder our Property, we shall in a short time
become as hurthensome an Ally to France, as France
has been oppressive to us.
" Our population is reduced, and the Seven Pro.
winces do not contain above /qv° million' of ;nimbi.
tants, .who pay more Taxes than twelve millions of
Frenchinen ; many therefore think the French policy
is to force us by despair to demand, what 'despair
only can force us to demand, an incorporation with
France.

" If all the nations of Europe have acknowledged
our Independence, not one has resented the continual
violation of it ; and whatever the ignorant or the
interested say to the contrary, it was not because
England kept the Cape and Goree that 20,000
Frenchmen were poured into our country, but be.
cause our Government wished to ascertain its Inde.-
pendence, by an application to the Courts of St.
Petersburgh and Berlin to guaranty our neutrality
in case of a new War, the Court of St. jameer
having promised to respea our neutrality, if the
Court of St. Cloud respeled our Independence ;
and even our Potion are now obliged to confess,
that when BoNAPArti a ordered Flushing in a state
of siege, it was moderation and generosity in the
British Government not to order its cruizers to cap.
cure and detain our Men of War or Merchantmen.

66 Was not the ancient Batavian Patriotism changed
into modern Gallican Egotism, we might yet make
an effort, if not to be entirely free, at least not to
be longer such contemptible French tools ; but in
the common ruin of our Liberties and Fortunes, we
all think how to save ourselves, none what the ho.
nour of our nation, and the preservation of our coon.
try demands ; we tremble at the arrival of each
French Courier, not for the Batavian Republic, but
for our own individual selves ; and so prepared are we,
for French violence, and so accustomed to French
oppression, that many thought it an an of lihera.
lity, that the Decree which declared Finskistg in a
state of siege, did not declare the Bank of Amster.
dam in a state of requisition ; and that the zo,ooo
French troops occupying our strong frontier towns,
were not quartered at disceetioO on the inhabitants
here, at Amsterdam and Rotterdam. _

We know we have nothing to hope from the
Court of Berlin, but we expeitt with anxiety the
answer of the Court of St. Petersburgh. Should
the magnanimous ALFXANDIK not assist us to
throw off the GaUican yoke, or to lighten our
Gdlican fetters, and a new war breaks out, we are
entirely undone, and the lest, the only resource left,
is to cease to 6e a Nation.

Believe me, the contents of this letter are far
from being exaggerated, and intim' exaggeration
is impossible, 'where the reality surpasses the posti.
bility of narration. May the example of Holland
be a warning to States yet free and independent !
Deceived by French promises, disunited by French
plots, and duped by French treachery, we have
lost the independence our ancestors conquered ; and
in exchange for the liberty left us by our fore-
fathers, we bequeath to our posterity a slavery, so
much the more disgraceful, as it was imposed with.
out struggle, nearly without resistance."

Mr. ANGERSTETN'S Gallery of PiClures may now
be considered as one of the very first colleetions in
this Country. It is open to the Moinhers of the
Royal Academy at all times, and the liheral.mintied
Proprietor, it is said, means to a certain part
of the year for the inspedion of Students in general.

We can conceive no libel so great or so generally
mischievous as a statement in a Public Paper, that
a Lady of Fashion had a Concert on Sunday even.
ing, at which songs were sung with great humour.
We will not believe that in fashionable lift there is
so little of decency, as that such an entertainment
should on such.an evening be publicly held.
We see a Work announced in one of the French
Papers, which has for its title, ." The English
People pi fed vp nvith pride, beer• and tea, tried
before the Tribunal of Reason."—From 016 title
we may judge of the probable candour and libe-
rality of the Work. .
From the very talkie part taken by the French
Lieutenant to the Grand Master of Maital it might
be supposed that, with a reference to his character
and condoet, he was named Busy.
Bartholomew Robert Nesbitt was committed a
few days ago to Lancaster Castle, by JoHN LEAF,
Esq. charged with having endeavoured to seduce
Artificers to leave this Country, in order to be
emi)loyed in a Cotton Manufaaory in Spain,

Afr ftEPoRt:

COURT OF KING's TIENCII, Aitnit

•
Tit is tieing 'first Day of Easter 'Perri, the
Court did hot pit until near on.! O'clock.
Mr. EasxitiE moved for leavf, to file a Criminal
Information against Mr. John Olitly, a -Surgeon,
at Windsor, tor sending a Challenge to hr. M ih-
gay, a Physician, of the same place. The parties
were stated to have been formerly intimate. The
Physician prescribed for a patient, and the prescrip-
tion was to have been m.:de up by the Surgeon, and
it was ;Wedged that he took the liberty of altering
some part of it, on which a misunderstanding arose
between the parties) and Mr. O'Rcily sent Dr.
Mingay a Challenge.
Rule to spew cause granted.

Mr. JARVIs moved for two Writs, the one for a
Habeas Corpus, to be direaed to the Keeper of the
Goal of Dorset,commanding hid) to bring up the body
of Capt. Wolf, and also of Lieut. Hastings, Officers
ofone of His Majesty's Ships of War, and also Lieut.
Morgan, of the Marines, arld seven of the crew
belonging to the same vessel, all now in the gaol of
Dorset, on a charge of Murder.—The other Writ
was a certiorari, to remove and bring into Court all
the depositions taken before the Coroner, on v. hose
inquest these parties were charged. This motion
he made on the affidavit of all these persons and
many others who were not charged, about twenty
in number, stating the circumstances minutely as
'they► occurred in the case on which he was now ap-
plying to the , discretion of the Court—lt was that
of the unfortunate affray which took place on the
second of this month at the Village of Easton, near
Portland, where one person lust his life, and others
were wounded.

The substance of the Affidavits was this, that
Capt. Wolf, and Lieutenants 1-Listings acid Morgan,
and a Crew of the Ship which they belonged to,
came on shore for the purpose of impressing Seamen,
and had their Warrant ptoperly backed by tliv Mayor
of Weymouth. That in the execution of their cluty,
they were resisted by an armed mob of between tjo
and 200 men, some of whom had loaded guns,
others swords, some clubs, and one man a poker.
That the Captain told the mob, he wanted
only Sailors, and desired those who were not such
to retire : that he shewed his authority ; the mob
furiously resisted him ; a scuffle ensued ; the Cap.
tain held in his left hand a pistol; which in the
scuffle went off, but his hand being held down, it
fired to the ground : that it went off by accident,
and that was submitted to be evinced from its being
in his left hand, and he being right-handed; that he
had no intention whatever of firing ; that the
Captain was wounded in the arm with a
sword by one of the mob ; that the word
" fire" was made use of, and the scuffle became
general, and sevetal of the crew were wound-
ed, and one man lost his life. That the Cap-
tain had no intention of impressing any but Sailors,
and when
t the Captain fOund could, not get them
withimt using !Luther ;las of violence, he withdrew
his men from the village, after having taken from
the mob a gun, three sword,, and a poker ; and that
the attack which produced the mischief, came first
from the mob, who determined to resist the Officers
in the executi mof their duty. The object of this
Motion was to lay rite whole case before the Court,
in order to lay a foundation fir a further application
that these parties might be admitted to bail.
The Court granted the Writs.

SIIERIFF's COURT.

TOOKE•s COURT, CURSITOR-STREET, APRIL 26.

FRANCIS TWEDDELL, ESL. fv. WALTER.

nits was an Action brought by Mr. Tweddell,
a Gentleman of family in Northumberland, against
Messrs. Walters, the Proprietors of the Times
Newspaper, for a Libel inserted in that Paper in the
month of August last. The Libel charged the
Plaintiff with having at the last Durham Election,
personated a deceased brother, and voted in that
character for Mr. Wharton. The Declaration also
contained a Count for a subsequent Libel inserted a
few days after the first to the same cffett. The
Damages were laid at soool.
Mr. Gaattow addressed the Nry on
.behalf of
the Plaintiff. He stated the Plaintilito be a young
Gentleman beginning life, in a situation of life in
which he could only hope for success from the
maintenance of an honourable charader. He wa
one of the sixty Clerks in Chancery. He would
give the Defendants the advantage of himself star.
ing the transaCtion on which they had grafted the
present Libel. It was an error in the Guild
book of the City of Durham. Mr. Francis Twed.
deli the elder's three sons had all a right by Patti-
mony to the Freedom of the Mercers' Company. In
the year 1790, the eldest son John being of age, had
his guild called in the usual manner, and was ap-
proved. In 1793 the names of Francis, the Plain-
tiff, and Robert, were given in by their father to
Mr. Dunn, at that time the Mayor, to have their
guilds also called, which was done, but by mistake
the former was entered in the books by the name of
John, instead of Francis. On Plaintiff's applying
to take up his Freedom• for the purpose of voting
for Mr. Wharton, at the last Durham Election, the
mistake was obviou•, as there were two
.70/.7ns, the
sons of Francis, entered on the Guild books, when,
in fad, no such person 39 the second named Jahn had
ever been in existence. The Town Clerk, how-
ever, refused to ratify the mistake, and Plaintiff
took a copy of the Guilds in the name of the latter
John, intending to explain the misnomer at the host.
ings. He signed the books in his usual manner,
" F. Tweddell,"
.and gave in his name at the host.
ings on a slip of paper, as " Francis Tweddell,"
but was never sworn there at all, as the vote, on
account of the irregularity, was, after much debate,
refused.

From this circumstance the Defendants had framed
the libel in question. He did not mean to charge
the Defendants with being themselves the authors of
it, but they were liable, and ought to ans wer in
damages to the Plaintiff whatever injury he sus-
tained through their publication. It was for the
Jury to say. what proportion of their gains should

.
be 4id fb the Phtini ;ft, as sosiie reparation for the
injitiy he had sustained.
... , •
Mr. PaiCE, the. Plontiff's Attorney-; stated hii
diving called on the. Defendants in company with
the Plaintiff, immediately alter the insertion of the
libel, When the Plaintiff returned to town froM
Durnani. They met the elder Mr. Walter; The
Plaintiff produced the paper, • end demanded the
name of the Author. He was requested to call
again, when he should receive satisfactory informa-
tion, and the Witness understood, froth the con.
versation, that the Plaintiff would be furnished with
the name of the Author. .The Witness and the
Plaintiff accordingly went on the following day;
when they found a person whom they conceived to
be an Agent of the Defendants, as he was sitting
writing in the office. Mr; Walter was not there,
but this Agent asked the Plaintiff his name, and
desired him to walk with him into an ad:pining
room, into which the Witness, endeavouring to
follow, was prevented by- this person, and the
Plaintiff, finding his Attorney excluded, refused td
go in himself, and left the house.
Sir Al'. White Ridhy, Member for Newcastle,
gave evidence of his having known the Plaintiff's
falter and family for Many years; and spoke to the
respedability of their charaders.
The Hon. C. Grey, Member for Northumberland,
had been intimately acquainted with the Plaintiff's
father, of whose charader he spoke in high tern*.
Col. Beaumont, Member for Northumberlandi
gave evidence to the same effect.- Being cross.ex.
atnined, he said, the Libel had produced no change
in his opinion respeding the Plaintiff, of whom he
thought as highly as ever.
Rowland Bunion, Esq. Member for the County
of Durham, was acquainted with
,the Plaintiff
mily, of which l)e spoke in high terms of respell .
The Publication, he said, had produced no change
in his sentiments, as he was on the spot, and knew
the circumstances of the case.

David Ogilvy, Erg. and C. Grten, Esq. had both
known the Plaintiff a great number of years and had
always entertained the highest opinion of him. No-
thing that they had read would at all tend to di.
minish this opinion.
The Defendants having, by suffering judgment
to go by default, precluded the necessity of provs
ing the Plaintiff's case, the evidence closed here.

Mr.' ERMINE on behalf of the • Defendants ad..
dressed the Jury in mitigation of damages. IJe
admitted the Plaintiff's charadt:r to be as stated in
its fullest extent, but contended that the Defendants
had by the recognition of their error, which a
judgment by default implied, made the Plaintiff
every reparation in their power, if his objet in the
present ation was to have his reputation put right,
and not to obtain money ; with respell to the second
insertion, which was intended as an apology, but
which 'was.perhaps imprudently worded ; that parA_
graph, he said, was inserted in compliance with a
letter from Mr. Wharton, in which, complaining
of the libel, he had expressed himself nearly in
the terms of the second letter.

Mr. Tweddell had not suffered either in the opi.
nion of hiS Friends or the World, by the insertion
of the paragraphs in question ; and every one who
read them, would be immediately aware, that the.
whole was an exaggeration. It was strange, that
.Mr. Tweddell did not bring his adion where all the.
circumstances of the case were known, instead of
coming up to London to pursue his remedy here.—
He might say, if he chose to be invidious, that the
Plaintiff would not bring his action in Durham be-
cause he was likely to he unsuccessful ; hut he would
say, that the Plaintiff would not bring it there,
because he knew he had sustained no injury.—
The whole of the libel appeared to have originatca
in mistake, without any malicious motive, aril
could make no impression injurious to the charac.
ter of the Plaintiff. He did not say the libel was
justifiable, but the jury were to take into consi.
Aeration what hardship the Plaintiff had in con-
sequence undergone, or what damage he had bus_
twined, which he could in any degree predicate as a
loss ; of this nothing had been proved. There
could be no damage, for no person believed the
paragraphs ; the Plaintiff was now in as complete
possession of his honour and his charader as he
ever was before. There was no proof, therefore,
before the Jury of any special damage having been
sustained in any roped by the Plaintiff: and he
did not doubt, therefore, that they would give
those small damages which were proportionate to
the small extent of the injury.
Mr. GAR ROW contended that he had a right to
reply, Mr. ERSKIN e having read part of a letter
of Mr. Wharton's in the course of his speech ; but
was over-ruled by the Shetiff.
The Sheriff then summed up the Evidence, and
the Jury returned a vetdid, Damages sool.

It is not unworthy of remark, that great exer-
tions are making in France, in the Departments of
the West, to discover and seize. concealed Arms.—
The Prefeit of the Marne and Loire, in his -Letter
to the Mayors of that Department relative to this
subject, observes, '' We feel too touch the import.
ance of this measure, under the prercgt circumstan-
ces, to negled its execution for a single instant."

The Artillery that was in the Arsenals of Mush-
ing and Middleburgh has been carried to line the
batteries on the Coast of the Isle of Walcheren.

Letters from Rome of the zd inst. mention, that
on the 28th of List month t!►e Pon: publi,l)ca
Decree of Canonization in favour of the Cardinal
J. M. TuomAo, in two months a Grand Master
and a Saint of the same family ! !—Lieutenant ria
BUSY is of opinion, that if his Holiness had made
the Grat4-Master a Saint, and the Saint a Gr►+ntl
Master, the Maltese Order would not be the worse
governed.

On Tuesday morning last, one of the Watchmen
of Whitechapel parish, whose box was at the end
of the London Hospital, was found dead, at four
o'clock in the morning, leaning over his hatch, He
had been a:Watehman for upwards of 20 years.
There certainly must be great virtues in the
Botatrical.S.yrup and Nervous Cordial, since it has
enabled Dr. BRODVNI to purchase that elegant estate
called Nea.House, Opposite Lurd Btrts's, near
Christ Church, in Hampshire.

OLD BAILEY.

SEVENTH DAY-WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27.

Thomas Hughes was charged with a capital of.
fence, in feloniously stealing, in the dwelling house
of Mary Ann Cotton, a red Morocco leather purse,
containing the sum of 261, the property of Thomas
Wm. Tattersall, Esq.
The Prosecutor, Mr. Tattersall, it appeared, is
a very infirm Gentleman, and necessitated to be as-
sisted in a variety of occasions, by a domestic ser..
vant. His regular servant being taken ill about the
beginning of March, or the latter end of February
last, the Prisoner- was engaged as a temporary sub-
stitute. On the 4th of March, one of the Wit-
nesses (the regular servant alluded to), observed
the Prisoner to have a watch chain, upon which the
latter said, '' l)o'nt I cut a swell here," he then
shewed the Witness a watch, which excited his
suspicions. These being communicated to Mr. Tat.
tersall, he caused a search to be made, when the
purse in question, containing two rot. Bank notes,
and cash, to an aggregate of z6l. as above stated,
was missed. 'A constable was sent for ; the Pri-
soner's box was searched, and a sol. Bank note was
found therein ; the Prisoner said he found it in Ox-
ford-street, and won the watch at a raffle. How-
ever, he took no steps to prove these allegations.
As they. were taking him to the watch-house, the
Prisoner was much alarmed, and shortly after con.
fessed he had committed the robbery, and that after
taking the contents out of the purse, he threw it
into the necessary :--it • was searched for, and found
accordingly.
The Prisoner alledged nothing in his defence ;,and
Mr. Common Serjeant SlLvssTEtt, in die course
of his charge to • the Jury observed, that the capital
part of the case must be left our of their considera-
tion, as there was no proof adduced that the dwel_
ling house Wall that of the Lady to whom it was
charged to belong in the indictment. The jury ac-
cordingly found the Prisoner---GudiyofJteafing only.
Thomas Jones was indided for leloniously break-
ing and entering the house of Thomas Cover, in
the 'day time, persons being therein, and stealing a
cotton gown, his property.
The principal Witness was Mrs. Gover, the wife
of the Prosecutor, who stated there were several
lodgers in their house ; that on Saturday, the zd of
April, having..occasion to be out for about half an
hour, she locked the parlour door on going out. At
about three she returned, but was much surprized to
find the door unlocked, and the Prisoner standing
near a chest of drawers, at the opposite side of the
room—the Prisoner, on beholding her, made a hor-
rible noise, (the language of the Witness) and dart-
ed out of the room. She -followed, and cried Stop
Thief. The Prisoner was shortly overtaken and
secured. She perfealy recolleaed his face and per-
son. On examining the drawers, the gown in
question was ,missed, but it was placed in a cloaths
basket, at a distant part of the room. Upon search-
ing the Prisoner several picklock keys were found
in his possession, ene of which opened the parlour
dour of the Prosecutor, with ease. A girl who
lived opposite Mr. Golfers, stated, that she saw the
Prisonevrtioniog out of the house.
The &fenced the Prisoner consisted of mere
assertion, unsupported by a tittle of evidence, even
to his charader.

It was observed from the Bench, that, to con.
stitute a capital offence, under the particular Ad of
Parliament upon which the Prisoner was -indicted,
it required proof that an illegal entry should be made
through the outer door of the house : it might very
probably have been opened, and sq alter Mrs.
Cover had gone out. With resPed to the other
part of the case, the theft, if the fury believed the
gown was removed by the Prisoner from the drawers,
for the purpose of taking it away, he was as cur.
tainly implicated in the charge as, if it had been
taken out of the premises.
The Jury found their verdia—Guilo of stealing
only.

Patrick Code, otherwise William Boaltaa, was
conviled of a captital offence, in feloniously, wil.
fully, and knowingly, personating and falsely
assuming the name and chard ter of one Patrick
Coffee, late a Serjeant of Marines, and entitled to
certain prize.money, as serving on board His Ma.
jesty's snip Hector, with intent to defraud Christo-
pker Cooke and James Milford.

Reticrous ANECDOTE. —The following is
given by the correspondent of an Edinburgh Paper
During the late unhappy commotions in Ireland,
a private soldier in the army of Lord CORNWALLIS
was daily observed to he absent from his quarters
and the company of his fellow soldiers. This gave
rise to a suspicion that he withdrew for the purpose
of holding improper, „intercourse with the rebels.
The poor man was brought to trial, and by a Court.
Martial was condemned to suffer death. The Mar.
Buis hearing of this, wished to examine the minutes
of the trial • and not being satisfied, sent for the
condemned 'Prisoner to converse with him. Upon
being interrogated by his Lordship, he solemnly
disavowed every treasonable pradice or design, de.
elated his sincere attachment to his SoVereign, and
his readiness to live and die in his service ; and
affirmed, chat the real cause of his frequent absence
was for the purpose of secret prayer ; for which his
Lordship knew he had no opportunity among his
profane comrades, who, 'on account of his religious
profession, had become his inveterate enemies. This,
he informed his Lordship, was the whole defence he
made on his trial ; but the Officers :judging it very
improbable, paid no attehtion.to it.
fo .The Marquis, in order to-satisfy himself as
to the troth of his defence, observed, that,if so, he
oust have acquired some considerable aptness in-the
exercise of prayer. The poor man replied, that he
could not boast of his ability' in that exercise. The
Marquis then requested him to kneel down and pray
aloutthefore hint ; which he did, with such copious.
ness, 'fluency, and ardour, as fully satisfied the Mar.
quii, that no-persoo.couldpray in that manner who
not live in dirt habit of daily intercourse with
God. The Noble Marquis then took hiM by the
hand, revoked his sentence, and placed hiM among
his personal atiendants,th
