KINGDOM.

PMY Fa,tow COUNTRYMEN)
ARLIAMENT has been dissolved. You are
oft therefote now. eMployed, or about to he employed,' in
'mg your representatives in the House of Commons. Let
qaul'.6llo, question to every candidate be, Are you a Proprietor of .
i. vek West India.merchant ?If the answer is in the 147 •
e
h:tativet I would recommend to you a positive refusal, sinless
sr, rnit:of the very few who have already proved themselves
kiends to our cause ; or who, being known to you as a man
of I)rnitity and honour, will give. you the security of his promise
he'neeforth to support it in tlie House. But whoever the candidate
41.1_
demand of him, as the condition of your support, that
,n will solemnly pledge himself' to attend'in his place whenever
rt,
any, is brought forward for the mitigation and progrei-
!statist/dim of Slavery by Parliamentary,enactrnente ; and
,1i It
he will give his vote fok every measure of that kind, not ineon-
,..:ll With the spirit Of the Rettolutions of May, 1823, asid;the
cs,4llwittlations of 'hitt Majesty's Government founded on those
'ot ticHte• Unless such a pledge is given' in these, or equiea-
"i„ sad.. more especially so as to exclude the subterfuge of
o committing, the work to the. Aseemblies, the engagement will.
4,71 little valve, or'rathee'd none at all. Add to this right •
your own vote,. the widest and most active influence you
sitsploy with your brother electors to engage them to follow
'''to :example.
1, cannot promise,:my countrymen, tlitit.• by such means your
tit'eron is wishes will be fully and certainly accomplished ; but, one
TO' least, and an inestimable one, you will be sure to obtain.:
I:tti Will deliver your own consciences from any participation
- guilt which you have used your beet endeavour's to restrain.
fllcall upon you then solemnly, as fellow-countrymen and
.;,-°w-Christians, to exert yourselves to the utmost on this great
interesting occasion. Hymn would 1f vent further sacrifices
of Your 'manufacturing, commercial, and maritime interests, of
Your revenues and military Means, and of the security even
of your Colonies themselves ;• if you would maintain the in
del,c-
"'nee and dignity of your Parliament, and its consti-
'nal supremacy over the distant dependencies of the ern-
P"ei without which they are a ,degrading incumbrance and
nuisance ; if you would re seem the sacred pledges you
a" given to the' unfortunate Slaves, and prevent the perpe.
uttion eti them and their innocent offspring of a bondage disgrace-
`
c4l tst.the Britioh and the Christian name ; and if you would
Zeal, yourselves from the, abhorred necessity of imbruing your.
'4l In their blood, when and as often as intolerable oppree-
lion -•
rgos them to a hopeless resistance,—now, now, is your
~Aie`to be active. Your constitutional anti effectual path is plain
you.
Linty' notany man who fears God, or loves his country and his
~creatures, think that this is Lease in which he can war-
-47 be neutral or passive. It might be so under an arbitrary
h ordovernment ; but every man in this free country who
55 a VOL,i or a voice that can influence the electors or elected, has
i„
Nos like the 'present conscientious shay to perform, for the
Zglect of which. he wilt be justly and seriously responsible.
prvdtgre. of such influence that we possess is not merely a
fi'l!Pi buts trsust ; and the laws made or maintained by
representatives of a free people are virtually of their own en-
lictscuos. ,
Dieutisellle idle hope that Shivery will ever be abolished, or
hest
alleviated, by the will of the masters, or by the laws of
West Indian Legislators. rt ought to be done, if • done at all, by
Parlismentary authority,
Come forsVard, then with your exertions on this occasion;
in-
struct your representatives ; give or withhold your suffrages for
the next Parliament; and use your personal influence throughout
the country; all in such a manlier as may best promote the sue-
r.ss of this great and sacred cause.
If you succeed, you will give a new triumph to the British
enoseitution,; you Will exult the,glory of your country in that best
tint, her moral elevation, end recommend her to the favour of
if neavim„,: , •
you fail,. yen will at lust have the inestimable consolation
that yoli have done whet,you could " to undo the heavy burthen
bl,let the oppressed
.go free," and that the sins and calami-
-7","l:youricountry,, tuneever pernicious in their consequences to
Awselves or your - children, were evils which you mould nob avert:
3

NERVOUS PLAINTS', and DRBILI'IT.
11)R 'POTHEROILL'S ,NERVOUS, DROPS.
those who are afflicted
with Nervous Disorders and
their varietut distressing affections; as oppression of spirits,
headaches, loss tr bypetite,.. hitlefertion, spasms, tremors,
fainting fits, 'and debility et reltocitt on of the system, it is con.
ild..eody recommended to have recourse to the above celebrated
libdiernt, from whictvlbey are assured of obtaining immediate
relief, and by a due perseverance in it, agreeably to the direc-
tions given, the complete re-establishment of their health.
Sold in Bottles, at 4s. fid.; I ls. and 225. by Butlers, Che-
tvnists, ChcaPtiide, corner of St. Paul's, London ; 54, Sack-
,l to ; and 73, Princes.street, Edinburgh ;
.7 ant co; 136, New Bond-street, anti 220, Regent-street;
k"' the prliKipal Medicine Venders throughout the United
'grow.
vt, orn iniiy„he,hatl,. Dr. EOTHERQII,I,'S TONIC
7,filitALE-ritx-s,-fitommendo. in general Debility of Ole
L7411'4,_ tution, also as a-iare and excellent remedy in , those pe.
—"mai irilgularlties 'which retritiles,of delicate and languid
teitato in, more especially. the:younger part, are liable t 0....
'et Is. l ft; and ot.rea..

,M 'loi

~4~1/4104, sl4O.

TO THE FREEHOLDERS OF NORTHUMBERLAND.
GienTt.a.atatr, . • •
THE PARLIAMENT-is now upon the eve of
its DISSOLUTION, and I shall immediately leave town
and return among you.
It gives me great satisfaction that in the short period which
has elapsed since I left the County, I have had an opportunity of
proving to you my determination, if I have again the honour of
being returned by you to Parliament, to discharge my duty with
1014 integrity and independence.
I have pledged myself in the House of Commons, to bring
before the next Parliament the Subject of 'a Petition, which has
been entrusted to me, and I renew that pledge to you, in the
conviction that my Constituents are never indifferent to what
appears to be an-Attack upon the Liberty of the Subject.
The language of confidence is so familiar to all Candidates, and
is so often employed by them to promote, rather than declare, their
success, that I shall content myself with thanking you most
sincerely and warmly for the great encouragement which you have
given me to expect a complete triumph at the approaching Elec-
tion ; and with an. assurance that I shall not abandon that hope
while a-Freeholder remains utipolled in the County.
• I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,-

Your grateful and devoted Servant,
THOMAS WENTWORTH REAUbIONT.
24, Sala James's-place, May 30, 1826.

TO THE GENTLEMEN, CLERGY, AND FREEHOLDERS,
OF THE COUNTY OF NORTHUMBERLAND.
GKNTLEMEN,
IT being generally understood that ,Parliament will
be dissolved in a few days, I beg once more to tender you
my, most grateful thanks for the very flattering manner in which
youseceived me, on my recent canvass for the high honoOr of again
becoming one of your Representatives in Parliament. The short
period I have held that diatinguial►ed situation, has I am aware,
afforded me little occasion of proving to the comity how far I am a
tit person to be entrusted with the exercise of the important
duties of That honourable station. I have, however, had °ppm....
tunities of declaring to you publicly my political principles, anti it
is encouraging and gratifying to me to know that the principles
I have hitherto maintained, anti . shall continue to maintain,
are in perftict unison with those of a great majority of the
county. ,Tho Ugh I am decidedly adverse to granting further
political power to the Roman Catholics, I shall ever be an advo-
cate tin- religious toleration in its utmost latitude. lam an enemy
to slavery wherever and in whatever shape it may exist, and n►y
humble endeavours shall not be wanting to obtain its speedy and
total abolit►on in all parts of the British dominions.
If,, by ymir independent suffrages, I shall he again placed in the
enviable situation to which it is my utmost ambition to aspire, I
beg yoit to be assured I will zealously endeavour to perform its
duties, anti especially to watch over and protect the local interests
of my native county.
I have the honour to remain, with unfeigned gratitude and
isspect, Gentlemen,
Your devoted and much obliged servant,
MATTHEW BELL.
Wooltington, May 29, 1826.
