THE SUN, LONDON, MONDAY, SEPTEIVIBER 28, 1810.

empire at home compromisink its interests and
lowering its reputation abroad—then, we repeat it,
although they had the Parliamentary precedents of a
thousand Percevals and Castlereaghs to bear them
out, they are base, unprincipled, and degraded beyond
the power of language to express. If, on the other
hand, by standing firm at their posts they can feel
the animating consciousness that they are doing
their duty, and are the instruments of good ;if in so
doing they have the almost unanimous support of the
great Liberal party of England—of the independent
yeomanry—the intelligent middle classes—the important
city constituencies, who have stood by them in so many
battles, and to whom they are bound by so many ties ;
if they have the favour of their Royal mistress, whom
they have pledged their honour not to desert—and if,
above all, they feel that their presence at the head of
affairs is necessary to save the honoured name of Eng•
land from such disasters and humiliations as befel her,
when, in 1828 and 1829 the task of watching the com-
plicated web of Eastern affairs, checking the rival ambi-
tions of France and Russia, and maintaining the balance
of power essential to the peace and welfare of Europe,
was entrusted to the pusillanimous and unskilful hands
of the very men who now seek to succeed them in office
—then we say shame upon them if they shrink, shame
upon them if they think for a single moment of aban-
doning the post where they are bound by every conside-
ration of duty and honour to remain.
(From the Times.)
It has often been a question with eminent men
whether such institutions as the Royal Academy and
the Royal Society have or have not been conducive
to the progress of the fine arts, or to that of literature
and science in general. In this controversy the
greater number of disputants have doubtless been in
favour of those privileged bodies ; but it is notorious
that many very able observers and reasoners have
declared unequivocally against them. One thing is
clear, that, as a candidate for admission into such
circles must have acquired considerable renown
already, must be sufficiently wealthy to pay the
attendant expense, and must be supported by a num-
ber of influential friends, it can scarcely be said that
the institutions in question afford much encourage-
ment to obscure and rising genius. *As tar as regards
the patronage they extend to struggling merit, they
are much on a par with Lord Chesterfield's Letters
in favour of Johnson's Dictionary. They shed their
smiles on no man until he is able to purchase and to
do without them ; whereas the adventitious distinc-
tion which the possession of their fellowship involves,
not only loses half its value from their indiscriminate
admission of opulent drones, but operates as a grievous
tax upon the working bees, who, while absolutely de.
spising their honours, cannot acquire an accredited
status without them. But, whatever may be thought
of the utility of these particular institutions, the British
Association for the Advancement of Science (if we ex-
cept the distinguished few whose literary or philosophi-
cal lionship induces them to court its adulations), must,
we think, be held in great contempt by the common
sense of the country. Professing a desire to keep
itself select, the test of admission which it prescribes
is the ability of the candidate, not to advance science,
but to pay the entrance fees ; and accordingly, at the
recent Glasgow gathering a proposal to lower those
fees was rejected by a large majority. The conse-
quence is, that instead of being restricted to persons
of scientific pursuits, it consists, with comparatively
few exceptions, of a promiscuous omnigatheruni, who
can afford to undertake a summer excursion in the
hope of getting an ample return in the form of pro-
menades, parties, soirees, dinners, balls, and of en-
joying the sports of what may fairly be termed
" the race week of philosophy." Their recent jaunt to
Ardrossan has been one of the most ludicrous affairs
imaginable. " Some by land and others by sea, such a
getting down the Clyde we never did see." Care
having been taken that the Duke of Hamilton's hospi-
tality should on that day contribute to the advancement
of science, the eteamers which started early from the
Broomielaw were crowded to suffocation. The sucking
Werncis were all agog with their specimen-boxes, ham-
mers, and sandwich wallets. Never before were mica,
slate, limestone, transition rocks, alluvial deposits, and
secondary formations, threatened with such a hammer-
ing in this mortal world : and, as there was a ducal
lunch in anticipation, as well as a convivial meeting of
the culinary and bibacious sections in the evening, the
needful means of whetting their stomachs for other
materials than stones were, of course, not overlooked.
HuAreds of ponies were to be provided by the
neighbouring farmers, in order that the learned vi-
sitors might have the benefit of a little gentle exer-
cise without encountering too much fatigue. Oil
went the cavalcade in search of minerals and appe-
tites. In truth, it was the greatest philosophical trot
that has occurred in modern times, reminding us of
Chaucer's pilgrimage to Canterbury, wherein squires,
priests, leeches, maidens, pages, pedlars, end grooms,
were all mounted in one picturesque train—a blended
incarnation of falconry, theology, medicine, gallantry,
merchandise. and iaatiarslaip—eacit group striving, tO
manage their prancer,s,as if the: admiriag.eyes•of.the
whole world were fastened exclusively upon them.
selves. To what extent this ridiculous foolgry wilt
contribute to the advancement of science, remains of
course to be seen.

(From the Morning Advertiser.)
We have not yet forgotten the forced acquiescence of
the Tories last Session in the Canada Government 13il1.
Unable to devise or take upon themselves the respon-
sibility of another measure, thee were fain, notwith-
standing the attempt of Lord Hardwicke, and the
open hostility of the Duke of Wellington, to follow
Sir Robert Peel's example, and silence the opposition
of their adherents. It does not foilow, although they
lured not hint a fault, or hesitate dislike, or even
nuzard a few calumnies in Parliament, where some re-
sponsibility would attach to their utterance, that, there- i
fore, the Tories should not out of doors endeavour to
raise as hideous a clamour against the Ministerial
measure as they have done against the Poor-law Bid.
To assent to a measure inside the walls of Parliament,
and to attack it with all the weapons of envenomed
hostility and misrepresentation outside, is quite in the
order of Tory political morality. Accordingly, we
find that every encouragement is given to the Cana-
dian malcontents to thwart and oppose the working
of the Bill for the union of the two provinces, and
to cast in the way of the Governor, in his already
sufficiently difficult task, the impediments of faction
and interested intrigue. The petition of a certain
body of Canadians adverse to the tranquillity of the
province, has been seized with avidity by the Times,
as a spark capable of being blown into a conflagration.
It deals in all manner of assertions respecting the
future operation of the Act, foreboding its utter
failure before the experiment has well commenced,
and in the teeth of every testimony which has
been offered of the auspicious pacification already
commenced under pledge of the new constitution, pro-
phecies its utter unfitness for the society to which it is
to be adapted. We shall not enter into an examina-
tion of the soundness of the petitioners' prognostics,
although vouched by the 'limes, simply remarking that
any departure from the principle of constitutional Go-
vernment, now accorded as the right of the Canadians,
would be viewed as a convincing proof of the hollowness
and insincerity of our professions, and be very apt to
produce that state of things which the Tories, it would
seem, would not be very sorry to see. If the great ex-
' periment is to succeed at all, it must succeed by a
generous oblivion of the past—by an entire confidence
• in those to whom the power of self-government is to
be conceded, and by a real and bona fide carrying out
of the principle of elective and constitutional Govern-
ment, exactly as we have found it to be the best policy
in the working of the Catholic Emancipation Act.
(From the Morning Herald.)
The letter addressed by the solicitors of the Earl of
Cardigan to the Press, a copy of which we published on
Saturday, requires at our hands a few observations.
When we are told that the silence of Lord Cardigan, as
to certain allegations made against him, is entirely owing
to the orders of the army forbidding any communication
between officers on toll pay and the Public Press, we
cannot help asking, how happens it that Captain Jones,
in the memorable affair of the " black bottle," has not
conformed to that order? Is not Captain Jones en
officer on full pay ? and has ha not addressed a letter to
the Public Press to correct, what he calls, " a very
material inaccuracy" in the published statement of the
message delivered by him as President of the Mess Com-
mittee from Lord Cardigan to Capt. J. A. Reynolds?
Thus does he not, in the following terms, correct that
" material inaccuracy"—" The Earl of Cardigan never
authorised me to use the words pot-house dinner ; nor did
I make use of them to Capt. Reynolds—tavern dinner
were the words used both by his Lordship and myself."
Now if this inaccuracy has been corrected by an officer
on full pay communicating with the public press, why
, might not other " inaccuracies " or " misrepresentations"
be corrected in the same manner ? We have not heard
that Captain Jones is to be brought to a court-martial
for disobeying any order prohibiting communication
with the public press, If, however, a court-martial,
as required, had been granted to Captain J. NV. Rey- ,
nolds, the press, as far as we are concerned, would
have abstained from all commentary, as in the case of
another Captain Reynolds now under judicial investiga-
tion at Brighton. In our opinion Lord Hill would
have acted the part of a true friend to Lord Cardigan,
if he hail hinted to him that the affair of the " black
bottle" was not, in any view of it, calculated to raise
very high the public opinion of a commanding othi-
cer's wisdom, and the more quietly and amicably it
terminated the better. But the high tone 11,-;surn«l at
the ljaese-g,uards, along- with the refusal of all judicial
inquiry, though an officer had been detained eleven
days in arrest, has led to consequencesbyvielti
greatlyae:
the
labe
deplored. As to the offence which has made Lord Car-
d%v of
g a
n vigilant eye countryto a criminalutp t . justice,
b jn, the public press will
keep

FROM TUE DAILY PAPERS OF SATURDAY.
From the Glohe.)

Toe Times has been wont, to reproach the Radicals
with their poverty. " Unwashed artisans," is a phrase
proverbial by fre-
teo"t'ehonsecarilY t'eforaters who are
oglueenotnutesemipnt %ivtisiiecloiluhmasnbs

engaged in daily labour. " Hungry Radicals" is another
of the appellatives by which the labouring classes who
do not belong to the " Conservative Operative Asso-
ciations" are reproached. The " unwashed," " hungry
Radicals" of Manchester are—in perfect consistency
with the coarse, unfeeling, insulting reproaches cast by
the Tories on their poverty—now courted to aid the
party which bas poured upon them every contumely,
and inflicted upon them every personal and relative in-
jury, by the: hope of " a good dinner I" An appeal is
made to their stomachs, rather than to their heads ;
and a " mess of pottage" is by its delicious fumes ex-
pected to produce a perfect oblivion of both associations
and antipathies.
" On the 16th of the present month the Conservative
Association of that important district assembled to cele-
brate their anniversary ; and they did so to the number of
more than 500 of the most influential men in the division,
noblemen and gentlemen, clergy and yeomanry, tradesmen,
and other substantial and respectable persons, and in a
manner which we are aware is very obnoxious to the Libe-
rals, but of which we suspect the fashion will not readily
be abolished—that is to say, by a good dinner. It is a
practice, indeed, which we should be delighted to see ex-
tending itself to the Liberals themselves ; not only because
we like to see our neighbours happy, whatever their poli-
tics, but also because we have a shrewd notion that if they
dined more they would be less liberal. On this occasion
the Conservatives—albeit their lot is not at present cast
among the loaves and fishes—gave a hearty example to the
surly Radicals of the sort of stomach with which good poli-
ticians should encounter the Whigs."
The sordid argument addressed to the physical, is
sought to be enforced by a string of misrepresentations
and sophistries addressed to the moral part of Radical
humanity. It is generally known that foolish and alto-
gether unfounded jealousies are apt to prevail on the part
of the Radicals, respecting the proceedings of the Com-
mittees which are formed by the Liberals to watch over
and arrange the numerous matters relating to their poli-
tical position. The Tories are, as is also known, con-
tinually employed in producing and fomenting these
jealousies. Every effort is used to represent such
Committees as interested—selfish—dictatorial ; and
to exaggerate any momentary dissension io, or any
occasional defection from the Liberal ranks, through
any of the various means employed to produce
such results. In the present case, the tempter has
not had the adroitness to conceal the cloven foot, but
puts forth a lie foul as his own base nature. Mr. Cobden,
a respectable and consistent Liberal, was asked by the
Liberal Association of Manchester, whether, in the
event of a vacancy in the Parliamentary representation
of that borough, he would allow himself to be put in
nomination as the Liberal candidate ? To this Mr.
Cobden replied, with perfect consistency and character-
istic independence—that unless his political opinions
were approved of by the majority of the electors, he
would not appeal to the constituency. As a perfectly
independent man, Mr. Cobden refuses to go to Parlia-
ment, " for the mere purpose of keeping the Whigs in
and the Tories. out of office." On this slender basis the
Times raises a superstructure of false assumptions and
unwarrantable hopes ; and asserts that a breach has
taken place between the Liberals and the Radicals with
respect to a candidate, and that this disunion will let
in Sir George Murray. So much for Conservative co-
quetry with the Manchester Radicals!
(From the Standard.)
The conduct of the Paris Press for the last two or
three months has been such as to merit little delicacy
or forbearance from any, least of all from us, who find
the respectability of our profession, and its character
for intelligence and honesty, seriously compromised by
the practices of our French brethren. This is a quar-
rel superadded to our sense of the national insult and
injustice, and it is no trifling one. Do what we will,
men will think that the Press is the same everywhere :
and that it is due to same latent circumstances that the
Journals of London are not as manifestly vile and stupid
at present as the Press of Paris. When we say the Press
of Paris, we do not desire to be understood as making
any exception. It is, then, on every account our duty
and our interest, to expose to the French people the
blindness, the malignity, and the sordid dishonesty
of those who would kindle a war between the two
countries ; and the more sincerely desirous we are
of cultivating the friendship and goodwill of our
neighbours of France, the more will this be a labour of
love. The observations that have been respectfully
offered from this side of the Channel upon the projected
fortification of Paris, and upon the necessary tendency
of the social elements in France, if put in motion by a
war, to produce, first anarchy, and then settle into des-
potism—these respectful and just observations have
necessarily arrested the attention of most of the Jour-
nals of the French capital. The Paris editors, of
course, denounce the suggestions from England as in-
sulting. This was to be expected ; men eager to foment
a quarrel would be very slow to admit that the parties
upon whom they wish to fasten the blame of it
have taken, though with some sacrifice of the argu-
ment, that course which seems least likely to wound
the self-love of the friends with whom they
remonstrate ; for questionless it is taking this
line, to remind the French` .p.eopfe. iather of: the
dingers they may incur from themselves, is the expe-
rience of no very remote period d,monstrates, than of
ithe humiliation that their rashness may challenge from
the enemies whom they are urged to provoke. To this
last class of dangers, however, our attention is forced
by the reply of the Paris firebrands to our remarks upon
the other. These firebrands tell us that we threaten

France with anarchy and slavery from within, because
we have nothing else with which to menace her. This
calls tar an explanation, i! we would not have a fatal
error imposed upon the French people—let us give this
explanation respectfully and in goodwill. We admix,
the gallantry of the French nation, its admirable apti-
tude to military service, which renders French troops
perhaps the best campaign troops in the world, and se-
cond only to British troops in the field of battle. We
admit, too, the zealous patriotism of the French people,
which will cause them to make the last sacrifices in
support of the national honour. These admissions arc,
however, by no means inconsistent with the conviction
that France is in no state to undertake the war to
which her incendiary press would summon her.

(From the Courier.)
In the Courier of Thursday we alluded, " more in
sorrow than in anger," to the unjust impression that was
sought to be produced on the public mind regarding the
peculiar peril of railway travelling. We knew how
prone a large section of the community are to magnify
danger, especially while labouring under the excite-
ment which the recent lamentable accidents on the
Eastern Counties Railway had created, and we saw that
advantage had been taken of that excitement for the
purpose of alarming the minds of the timid, and of fill-
ing them with feelings of uneasiness and insecurity on
the subject of railway locomotion. This we then cha-
racterised as manifestly unfair, and for this very pal-
pable and coger.t reason, that upon a comparison of
the amount of traffic and the number of travellers

by railways and by stage coaches, the proportion
of accidents on the former was strikingly less than
on the latter. But while the most unscrupu-
lous efforts were made to exaggerate the num-
ber and frightful nature of the one class, the other
was passed over in prudent silence. Now we hero throw
out a fair challenge to the opponents of railways—or to
those who fancy that stage coaches present a safer mode
of conveyance. Let them select any period of time
they may, and keep an accurate record of all the rail-
way accidents occuiing within that prescribed period—
we will undertake a similar duty with regard to
coach accidents—and we pledge ourselves to prove,
by a comparison of the results arrived at, the great su-
periority of the former over the latter, even in point of
security. By this fair and impartial test we are pre-
pared to abide, and care not what definite period of
time past,
passing or future, be fixed upon for making
the experiment, being fully satisfied that it would termi-
nate in a verdict in favour of railroads, and against stage
coaches, on the only point in which it is possible to in-
titute a comparison between them.

MIDDLESEX SESSIONS.

FALSE WEIGHTS AND MEASURES,--.OG Saturday,
Mr. Childe, the inspector of weights and measures,
introduced another batch of fraudulent tradesmen to this
Court, which was specially convened to hear the cases.
Mr. Wilson and five other Magistrates presided.

Thomas Walker, butcher, was summoned under the
Following circumstances :

Mr. Turner, the witness, said that on Saturday night
he entered defendant's shop. He found on defendant's
weighing machine a hook, weighing three quarters of
an ounce.

A solicitor said that the defendant had died since the
alleged offence, and the information was therefore dis-
missed.

Henry Haslain, confectioner, of No. 32, Gosweil-
street-road, was charged with having in his possession
one weighing machine of unjust balance.
Mr. Turner said that a small piece of chain was at-
tached to defendant's beam.

Defendant's defence was, that, in selling farthing
worths and halfpennyworths of lollypops, he was oblige
to give a draught.

Mr. WILSON observed that he considered the case
as bad as any other, for, according to defendant's own
showing, be was committing a fraud on his young cus-
tomers.—He was adjudged to pay ss.
William Henry Gee, 188, Whitecross-street, potatoe
merchant, was accused of a similar offence.

Mr. Turner deposed that on searching defendant's
coal and potatoe shed, he discovered three scales of a
most unjust balance. The persons who dealt with the
defendant were very poor, often purchasing pennyworths
of coal.

Mr. KNIGHT said this was a most abominable case,
and he considered a heavy penalty ought to be imposed.
The other Magistrates concurred ; and, after severely
lecturing the defendant, fined him 4/.
John Greensdale, 214, Whitecross-street, potatoe-
dealer, was next heard on his summons.
Mr. Turner proved that a piece of lead, weighing two
ounces and a half, was affixed to defendant's scale.
Fined 20s. and costs.
John Bisiker, butcher, Brick-lane, Bethnal-green,
was charged with the following fraud.
Mr. Turner stated that he found a small " Jerry "
hanging on defendant's weighing-machine.
Ordered to pay 20s.
Fanny Sully, 21, Northampton-street, potato-dealer,
was next heard.

Mr. Turner informed the Court that defendant was
selling l4oz. for a pound when he made the detection.
She was ordered to pay 20s.
James Young, 13, Frog-lane, Islington, coal-dealer,
was charged with having a false balance of one pound
on his weighing machine.
Mr. Wl'sox considered this another most infamous
case, and a fine of 30s. was imposed.
George clothier, another Goal and potatoe-t!ealer,
living in York-street, Pentonville, was the next charged.
Mr. Turner stated that he found a piece of iron on
defendant's coal-machine. It weighed five pounds and
a half.

Mr. KNIGHT—This I consider a case for the highest
penalty.

Mr: WILSON—If I thought he could pay it, he
should; but, as I am doubtful, 1 suggest that we fine
him only 4L

After some further observations, the defendant was
ordered to pay the latter sum.

Henry Jones, a marine-store-dealer, residing at Bat-
tle-bridge, was summoned for having in his house two
tvcights, the same being considerably heavier than what
they purported to be. These appeared to be used by
defendant in making his purchases. They were on his
counter.

Dwfcndant called a witness to prove that he had sold
the weights to him (the accused) as old iron. He,
however, prevaricated so much that the Magistrate
would not believe him, and fined the defendant 40s.

Cornelius Ryan, No. 42, Tash-street, Gray's-inn-
lane, was charged with having a coal-machine of a false
balance 21b. and a half.
Mr. Childe mentioned to the Court that the defend.
ant was fined 40s. a short time back for a like fraud.
Mr. WHISKIN—What caused the false balance?

Mr. Turner handed to the Court a piece of lead.
Mr. Wittsxm—This is the metal of a pewter pot
belonging to some publican I'll be bound. To defen-
dant—Who melted down the pot ? Defendant—l did.
Mr. WHlSKlN—Perhaps you'll tell us who stole it ?
—( Laughter.) Defendant made no reply.
Mr. WIIISKIZkI—This is the way publicans are plun-
dered. I knew at first sight that it was the remains of
a publican's pot.

The Count. told defendant that they considered him
incorrigible, and fined him 80s.

Frederick Winder, eating-house-keeper, No. 11,
Gray's-inn-lane, was charged with obstructing Mr. Childe
in the execution of his duty, and fined 40s.
Joseph Grice, coal and potatoe dealer in GrPy's-inn-

lane, was charged with having a seven-pound weight

, .
one ounce light, which was caused by the ring being off.
Ali his other weights, nineteen in number, and three sets
or scales, were perfectly correct. _ _

The Magistrates, atter consulting, said they were
convinced that defendant had not contemplated fraud,
but the law was imperative (.n them to convict, which
they would in the lowest penalty—namely, ss.
Thomas Millin, grocer, in Baldwin-street, was corn-
plaived of for the following fraud :—Mr. Turner stated
that on entering defendant's shop he found one weight,
used as a halt pound, in a tea and sugar scale, and on
examining it Iv. discovered that it was deficient that
quantity 15 drachms ; there was also a draught of a
quarter of an ounce against the purchaser in the butter
seale.—Fined 40s.
Willian Bridgeman,of 54, Baldwin-street, coal dealer,
WAS charged with having his weighing machine 21b.
weight against the purchaser.
The offence having been proved, Mr. Childe stated
the defendant had been convicted before.—Fined 3/.
Henry Morgan, marine-store-dealer in Ray-street,
Clerkenwell, was fined in the pena'Ay of 4/. for having
in his shop eight weights of an illegal standard. Three
of the weights used as seven pounds were each nearly
a pound heavier than that quantity.
Richard Ashmore, another marine-store-keeper, in
Ray-street, Clerkenwell, was fined 10s. for using a
false weighing machine.
Janes King, of Baldwin's-gardens, coal and potatoe-
dealer, appeared to answer to the following charge :
Mr. Turner said he discovered in defendant's posses-
sion nine weights of unjust balance as follows :--One
seven-pound 2 oz. light ; another ditto 1 oz. heavy ;
one two-pound 4 drs. light ; and four one-pound vary-
ing from 2 to 6 drs. light ; ani two half-pound weights

3 drs. light.
Mr. Child stated, that a week before the seizure he
cautioned the defendant, telling him to look to the ac-
curacy of his weights.—Fined 20s.
John Barnard, coal-dealer, of 88, St. John-street,
was summoned for !laying a
._false balance of half a
pound on hisweighing-machine, and ordered to pay 20s.

Joseph Thomas, 20, Clerkenwell-close, coal-dealer,
was charged under similar circumstances. His machine
was false nearly a pourid.—Fined I/ 10s.
The Magistrstes said that the thanks of the public
were due to Mr. Childe, and they passed a high com-
pliment on his witness, Mr. Turner, for the clear and
satisfactory manner in which he explained the different
frauds.

London, 13, Holies street, and 27, Marlborough_
buildings, Bath.

Baron Browne Mill has great pleasure in being
able to say that the Spectacles adapted to his sight by Mr.
E. Solomons, some years back, afford him great ease and
comfort, enabling him to read and write either by day er
candle light. He is happy in his sight being so materially
improved, and feels it a duty to recommend them to all
persons requiring the aid of Spectacles. BARON BROWNE
MILL.—From W. Coulson, Esq. I have examined Mr.
E. Solomons' Patent Leases, and they appear to me, from
the power of modifying the glare of light,better calculated
to persons with weak sight than Spectacles in common
use. WILLIAM COULSON, Frederick-place, Old Jewry.—
From J. G. Andrews, Esq., Senior Surgeon to the Lon-
don Hospital. I have much pleasure in bearing testimony
to the value and importance of Mr. E. Solomons' Patent
Spectacles, which materially prevent a too strong glare
of light, and will be found more beneficial than plain or
coloured glasses in defective vision. J. G. ANDREWS, 4,
St. Helen's-place —To Mr. E. Solomons, Optician, No.
1, Old Jewry (City), and 36, Old Bond-street. Mr. E.
S.'s Voice Conductors are the most powerful instru-
ments extant for relieving deafness. They are
formed on so small a scale as to be worn quite unperceived.
By their use, musical sounds, and the lowest whisper
breathed at a public assembly, may be heard with accurate
distinctness.—Observe, No. 36, Old Boild-street, and 1,
Old Jewry (City). _ _

Of all the branches of the Healing Art, these is
none which has arrived at such a degree, of perfection, in
our day, as that of Dentistry, or the preservation and resto-
ration of the human teeth, and the formation and substitu-
tion of artificial ones;—the latter are now worn by thou.
sands of the nobility and gentry, whose appearance is not
only improved by them in the most surprising degree; but
whose powers of mastication and articulation have been
completely restored. This degree of perfection we believe
to have been first attained by Mons. Edw. Malian,
of Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, during a practice of
fifteen years in the British Metropolis ; others may have
imitated M. Mellen's manufacture and mode of fixing arti-
ficial teeth; but, that he has distanced all competitors, the
success which has invariably attended him, sufficiently
proves. Nor have M. Mallan's exertions been confined to
the mere substitution of artificial teeth; he is the sole in-
ventor of the Mineral Succedaneum for filling decayed
teeth, so as to render the carious tooth. which previously
is often a mere shell, completely solid, and capable of per-
forming every purpose of mastication ; and, at the same
time, preserving it immoveable in its place, as long as any
other tooth in the head. In the matter of this cement, too,
has M. Malian been imitated ; but most unsatisfactorily as
regards the public : the Parisian dentists, for instance,
pour in their cement hot, causing most unnecessary torture
to the patient, and doing farther injury to the tooth, in-
stead of preserving it. M. Malian uses his Mineral Sue-
cedaneum in an entirely cold state; so that the patient
scarcely knows of the operation, until, by touching it with
the tongue, he, or she, finds that a carious shell is con-
verted into a strong, firm, and solid tooth. His Majesty,
the King of the French, appreciat Dig Mons. Ed iv. Mallan's
great merit in his art, has lately granted him a free patent
for the exclusive use of his excellent inventions, throughout '
the whole of his dominions.

MEETING OF ALD. ii A it 'S

FRIENDS.

On Saturday evening, pursuant to notice and adver-
tisement, a public meeting of the friends of Mr. Ald. Har-
mer took place at the Ram Inn, Smithfield. for the pur-
pose of taking into consideration the most efficient mea-
sures to be adopted, in order to secure the return of that I
gentleman to fill the Civic Chair at the ensuing election
of Lord Mayor. The• meeting was convened by the
members of an old-established Association, held at this,
one of the oldest inns in the metropolis, and styled " The
Court of Equity," and was most numerously attended.
On the motion of Mr. Const, the Secretary of the
Court, Mr. Birchfield was unanimously called on to pre-
side, and, on his taking the Chair, he briefly opened the
business of the evening by making a few remarks expla-
natory of the nature of the meeting. Mr. Const having
read the advertisement calling the meeting, Mr. Edward
Gregory, in a brief speech. moved the first resolution—
" That this Meeting views with indignation and dis-
gust the malignant and unjustifiable attack made by the
Times newspaper against the return of Mr. Alderman
Harmer •as Lord Mayor for the year ensuing." Mr.
Clifford seconded the motion. The Chairman then sub-
mitted the resolution for the approval of the meeting,
which was carried nests. con. Mr. Const then rose and
said, that he was sure the members of this Society from
their long personal knowledge of the excellentconduct of
Alderman Harmer, both in his public and private cha-
racter (which even his opponents were very reluctantly
compelled to admit), would use the most energetic exer-
tions to secure that gentleman's return as Lord Mayor,
convinced that in doing so they would best consult the
interest of the City of London by placing as its Chief
Magistrate a man who, in ability, integrity, and public
principle, was not exceeded by any man in the Court of
Aldermen. Mr. Const having moved a resolution em-
bracing the principal points of his speech, Mr. Surridge
seconded the resolution, which was carried without dis•
sent. Mr. Surridge promised his best exertions to se-
cure the return of Alderman Harmer. Mr. Bennett
proposed " That a Committee of seven be now appointed
by this meeting, to co-operate and correspond with the
Central Committee, and that the said Committee (with
power to add to their number) do, on Monday next,
proceed to canvass this and the adjoining districts, for
the purpose of fully carrying out the above resolutions.
Mr. Kirk seconded the resolution, and it was carried
unanimously. The following gentlemen were then ap-
pointed a Committee :—Thomas Burchfield, Esq. ;
William Williams, Esq. ; William Surridge, Esq. ;
William Bennett, Esq. ; William Kirk, Esq. ; and
Isaac Wall, Esq-, Churchwarden of St. Sepulchre,
London. Mr. Gregory then proposed a vote of thanks
to the Chairman, for the very able and impartial mariner
in which he had fulfilled the arduous duties of President.
Mr. Burchfield, in an appropriate speech, briefly ac-
knowledged the compliment, and the meeting separated.
At a meeting of the friends of Alderman Harmer,
being Freemasons, held at Radley's Hotel, Bridge-
street, Blackfriars, on Saturday night, Brother John
King in the chair, the following resolution was una-
nimously adopted :—" That Alderman Harmer, being
an honourable and distinguished brother in the craft
P.G.D., and P.M. No. 1, being next in rotation to fill
the office of Lord Mayor of the City of London, and
having previously filled the other civic offices with
honour to himself and great benefit to the community,
without the least charge against him, deserves the sup-
port of every brother, not on any political or polemical
ground, which is foreign to the Masonic constitution,
but solely on the grounds of the way in which he has
conducted himself as a Mason—his extreme benevo-
lence, his high integrity, and his valuable services to the
craft."

THE TIMES AND MI. JOHN JO-

SEPH STOCKDALE.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Mr. EDITOR,—AIIow me, in acknowledgment of
your paragraph, in Saturday's Paper, headed as above,
to inform you that the Times, Morning Post, and
Morning Herald, under Conservative and Clerical in-
fluence and hire, have all conspired (I know their insti-
gators) to suppress me, as well as my efforts.
God willing, I shall (without BRIBE) take your ad-
vice, and attend the Common-hall, for GOD and my
COUNTRY and tell the Truth, the WHOLE TRUTH, and
nothing but the TRUTH ; though as to marching through
Covent, y with such a regiment, " I won't"—" that's
flat." 1 signed the declaration against Alderman Har-
mer under PROTEST, as nearly as I can recollect, thus :
Less, for the reasons, hereto prefixed, than because he
blasphemously asserted in the Dispatch, and refused to
explain, deny, or qualify it, though repeatedly re-
quested, that JESUS CHRIST is the man who stole the
ass."

JOHN JOSEPH STOCKDALE.
Gloucester-gate, Regent's-park, 27th Sept., 1840.

The Dispatch of yesterday gave the following account
of this charge brought against it :—" When the trial
at Monmouth of the Newport rioters was going on, it
was proved in evidence that a picture of our Saviour
was found in the house of Zephaniah Williams, under-
neath which was written, " The Man who stole the
Ass." If our recollection serve us, the identical passage
was copied from the Times, at any rate, it was extracted
from one of the Morning Journals, without note or com-
ment. We have thought it right to render an explana-
tion to so revolting a charge."

SAVING OF CREW AND CARGO.

The Duchess of Kent steamer, so well known on the
London and Ramsgate station, was on Saturday night
and yesterday morning the means of saving the cargo,
if not the crew, of the Ostendien, a Dutch East India-
man. This vessel, upwards of 700 tons burthen, got
upon the South Sand on Saturday, about one a.m., and
as soon as her perilous condition became known, boats
were put off from Deal to render her assistance. Their
efforts, however, were as unavailing as those of the
Boxer Government steamer, then lying in Ramsgate
harbour, which was next put in requisition, but totally
failed, the Ostendien dragging the steamer, instead of
being dragged by her. The Duchess of Kent, Captain
Jones, fortunately arrived at Ramsgate at this crisis,
and immediately proceeded to the assistance of the
unfortunate vessel, which she soon relieved from
her dangerous situation, and anchored with her safely
in the Downs. Owing to the darkness of the night,
the torrents of rain which fell at the time, accom-
panied by strong and unceasing gusts of wind, and
the narrowness of the mouth of the harbour, both
vessels remained in the Downs during the night ; but,
at an early hour yesterday morning the Duchess of Kent
having returned to Ramsgate, and having again taken
the Ostendien in tow, brought her safely into Rams-
gate harbour. The morning was fine, and the pier was
thronged with spectators. The Ostendien is not very
seriously damaged ; but as she had four or five feet
water in her hold soon after she struck, there can be no
doubt that she would have become a total wreck, and
her crew in all probability lost, but for the opportune
arrival of the Duchess of Kent. She has on board a
I valuable cargo from Java.
The Duchess of Kent was to have left Ramsgate
yesterday at eleven o'clock, but in consequence of the
delay necessarily occasioned by her towing in the Os-
tendien, she did not start till a quarter past twelve,
when she left the harbour just at high water, and
having both wind and tide against her, she did not
reach London-bridge till past eight o'clock in the
evening. She bad nearly passed through Limehouse-
reach when an accident occurred on the river, which
again made her the instrument of saving human life.
A Greenwich steamer was passing rapidly down the
river, when it was observed by the mate and the pas-
sengers at the stern of the Duchess of Kent that a
small wherry was ahead of the Greenwich boat, and in
imminent danger of being run down. The mate in-
stantly shouted eut " Hands aft," and in ac incredibly
short space of time, the boat of the Duchess of Kent,
with three or four hands on board, was on its way to-
wards the place where the wherry had been seen. It
was by this time quite dark, and as those on board the
Greenwich steamer either did not see, or could not
avoid the wherry, it was struck by the vessel, and one
of the two youths who were in it was thrown over-
board by the shock, and must inevitably have perished,
hut for the Duchess of Kent's haat, which reached him
just in time to save his life, and brought him and his
companion on board, where they were taken into the
engine-room, and every necessary attention paid to them.
It appeared that the two youths, neither of them more
than 17 or 18 years of age, had hired the wherry at
Hungerford-stairs in the morning for an excursion to
Greenwich, where they stayed till dusk, and were on
their return to town when the accident happened.
When the alarm was given that a wherry was likely
to be run down, a gentleman ran aft, with the intention
of getting into the boat, and going to the relief of the
unfortunate occupants of the wherry. He was too
late, however, for the boat of the Duchess of Kent
had already put off ; but he gave the crew a guinea for
their activity and promptitude.

A FRENCH SUICIDE.—" A few days ago,"
says the Constitutionnel, " some journeymen bakers were
reproaching one of their companions, a man named Beran.
gere, with his propensity for drinking, and telling him
that with such courses he would end his days in an hospital.
You are wrong,' said Bcrangere, showing six francs five
sous, wrapped up in paper, one can die when one pleases
whilst such a sum remains.' On Sunday he pureha.ed a
pistol and some powder and balls with his six francs five
sous, and after writing upon the paper in which they had
been enclosed, ' You see, my friends, that when one has
six francs five sous he need not die in the hospital,' put the
pistol into his mouth, and blew out his brains."
JOHN THOROGOOD.—W e have received some
verses, written on the captivity of this victim of Church
oppression, but though the sentiments are just and credits.
ble to the writer, the slovenliness of the rhyme prevents
us from publishing them ; e. g •
" He can't be poor, though wanting pence,
7
Who can in prison keep a conscience.:
The Porte has already promulgated its decision ;
its Hierarchy, the Ulernas, have pronounced sentence of
excommunication against the Pacha of Egypt, and new
Paellas have teen nominated to the different Pachalics in
Syria,—Observer
