CATHOLICS OF IRELAND.

Sir H. PARNELL, on preEenting the Petition of
the Catholics of Ireland, stated, that he had been
infor►ned by the person, %rho hall placed the Pe-
ti:ioo in-his hands, tl►it the Catholics of. Ireland
v,ere atixiptis the►t their case should lie submitted,
to the discussion of the House. He should in

Consequence grve.notice, that be should move this
day fortnight that the House resolve itself- into a
Committee, to take into consideration the laws of
this country as they affected the Roman Catholic
part .of his Majesty's subjects. He should this
day week also propose some Resolutions, putting
the House in possession of the whole extent of
their claims, which he hoped would in courtesy.
be allowed to be printed.
Mr. TlERNEY.wished to know whether the•Pe.
tition was from the whole Catholic body, in& it
only from one part, from what part it came.
Sir H. PARNELL explained, that the Petition
was signed by certain Roman Catholics-on behalf-
of themselves and the Catholics of Ireland; As

far as it was' possible to litio.w the expression of
their sentiments under the restraints to which
they were subjected, IA ith regard to meeting to-
gether, the Petition no doubt correctly and une-
quivocally disp'aved the general sense of the Ca-
tholic Body of Ireland with respect to the nature
and extent of their claims. It was desirable that
the House should be in possession of the exact
nature and extent of what the ?lonian Catholics re-
quired from it. He would therefore submA his prol'
positions in the shape of Resolutions, which would
speak the accurate opinion of that Body on the
subject of their claims,, so that should the Fipuse
accede to those Resolutions, they would at the
same time accede to the wishes of the Catholics of
Ireland.
J, C. HirptsLEy, after expressing his dis-
position to come to a conciliatory arrangement,
reserved to himself the right of ',opposing the
prayer of the Petition, as far as it went to claim
unqualified emancipation. •
Mr. BANKES gave notice,' that in consequence
of the importance of the subject, he should; •

morrow, move that the House be called over on
the day the Honourable Baronet's motion, to
re-
quire into the state of the laws respecting Romp,
Catholics should come on.

Sir H. PARNELL renewed his notice that 'this
day fortnight he should make a motion on the
present. state or the laws affecting the Voinan
Catholics of Ireland, and that on this!da3-
he would move certain Resolutions, showing qte
nature and extent of their, claims. The Petition
was then read, and ordered to lie on the table. •
The Chancery Clerks Bill was read a third time and paSs:Vil.
Mr. LOCKHART-moved for leave to bring in a Bill to re-
gulate the right of Freemen and Burgesses, to vote in elec-
tions for Members of Parliament,. for a time to be limited at-
ter their being registered.
After some conversation between Mr. Tierney, Mr. We-
there!!, Sir M. W. !lidley, Mr. Lockhart,' Mr: Calcraft; Mr.
W. ‘Vynne, and Sir John Newport; leave was given, the MU
was brought in, read a first time, and ordered for a second
reading this day fortnight.
Mr. BENNETT that an Address be presented to,
the Prince Iteg-t, that he would order an Account of the
money expended on the New Building .in Windsor Park, with
an estimate of the sum wanted to complete the same, to' be
laid before the House.—Agreed.to.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER postponed the
consideration, of the Report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, respecting Stamps, to to-morrow ke'tinight, after
some oltservations. from Mr. Tierney and Mr. Lockhart, the
latter of whom suvested the propriety of laying additional
Stamps on Bankers' Loral Notes, and 'aneretoing their facili-
ties of transporting- their paper from the coaatry to Commit.
The t HANCELLOtt of the. EXCH,EQUER gave make,
that to-morrow se'nnight he should call the attention of the
I louse to a motion tending to establish a regular Packet to the
East Indies.

• The Irish Malt Duty Bill went through a Committee after
some conversation between sir .iohn Newport, Mr. Vesey
Fitzgerald, and Mr. Wm. Smith. The Report was ordered
to lie received to-morrow. •
On the motion of Serjeant ONSLOW, a Committee cOn-
sisting of Sir J. Newport, Mr. Win. ‘Vyime, and Scrjeant
Onslow, was appoioted to inspect the Lords' Journals, and
ascertain the proceedings of their Lordships on the 13111' for
better securing the Liberty of the Subject;
The Irish Assessed Taxes Bill went thrQugh a Committee.
Report ti:-morrow.
The Report of the Committee on the Militia Amendment
Bill was taken into-further consideration, and the Bill order-
ed to be read a third time to-morrow.
The East India Judges' Pension Bill went. through a Com-
mittees Report to-marrows
The Report of the Committee on Weights and Measures
was received and agreed to, and a Bill ordered accordingly.
The Report of the Committee on the Irish Jail Contract
Bill was received, and the Bill ordered to be read a third time
this day se'nnight.
The Reports of the Committee on East India Silk-Handker-
chiefs, and Additional Duties on Excise, were severally re-
ceived and agreed to, and a Bill ordered orcurdingly. -
A Message front the Peers informed the House that their
Lordships had agreed, without any amendment, to the-Pro-
perty Duty, and Exchequer Funding Bills Bills.--Adjourned.

PROTEST.

Reasons for the negative' vote of Louts FLo-
IcliN PAUL D KoRGQI(LaY, on the Act intitled
"Act additional to- the Constitutions of the Em-
pire," -dated April 22, 1815
1 thiis it due to my fellow-citizens, and I certainly owe it
to myself,. to state the reasons which have induced me to vote
against the acceptance of the Act, intitulcd " Act additiobal
to the Constitutions of the Empires."
These reasons are. that the 67th Article of this Act violates
the liberty of French citizens, inasmuch as it pretends to
prohibit their exercising the right of proposing the re-esta-
blishment of the Bourbon Dynasty on the throne. lam coin.: pelted to protest against this Articlei because lam convinced that the re-establishment of that Dynasty on the throne is
the only means of restoring happiness to the French. The
experience we have bad of the practical happiness enjoyed by
France during the Restoration, can leave no doubt with any
man in regard to this; and the unanimity of the national
wish in favour of Louis the regretted, is amply confirmed by
the care which the Authors of the Article I reprobate have
taken to interdict the manifestation of .this unanimous wish.
The designed confusion which they have introduced into this
Article, by mixing up with it various unpopular phautorns,
which have. no relation tolhe re-establishment of the Bour-
bon Dynasty, forms an additional proof of the geueral wisk of
the nation ; it is only for want of real objects that phantoins.
are evoked ; and the finest eulogy that can be given to'the. ,
acts of a Government is when its enemies are reduced to ac-
knowledge that the only means of rendering it • unpopular is.
to ascribe to it intentions.
I must also protest against the 6th art, of the decree of the
same date, importing that " the act additional to the consti-
tutions shall lie sent to the armies for acceptance." It is con-
trary to the principles admitted among all civilised nations,
to submit constitutional acts to the acceptance of armies.--
Among all free nations, among all nations who feel their dig-
nity, the armies are bodies destined not to vote on constitu-
tions, but to obey the national The moinent a nation
suffers its armies to vile, it 'subjects itself to the worst of
slavery..
This slavery sufficiently discovers itself in the sth art. of a
id decree of the same date. This article dues nut. say that,
according as the general summing, up of the votes shall be
favourable or nut to the act additional to the constitutions,
that act shall nr shall not be promulgated; but it says that
the resalt of the general summing up of the votes stwall be
proclalnied; and that the eat additional to the constitutions
shall be promulgated. This strange certainty of success
seems to me to speak a language sufficiently clear to be un-
derstood by -every one.. Does it not say ill effecte--" vote,
great nation ; but while voting, conform toeTtiiemii,isiji‘ii:cstuio7'n
given you; vote, not as freemen, hot as
jects ; vote, but forget not, that the vvishes. of the /why
being known beforehand, the nation must ben °t
bay:
°nets."
As for me, I have not yet learned to take bayonets, for the
rule of my conscience. L. F. P. DE KORGORLAV
Paris, Apria 28, 1815.
retahs.eopusresitein the h
gaper
tyrope r
I this day gave a vote in the negative at the office of Pre-
fecture of the Police, and a.sasnifinoefdi;..l47 first sentences which follow,
is merely the derelopenients
