THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, MARCH 22,.1.836

against the continuance of Church Rates. The Hon. Member
proceeded to read several statements set forth in the petition,
but in so low a tone of voice as to be altogether inaudible in
the gallery. We understood him to express a hope that his
Majesty's Ministers would and themselves in a condition to
abolish entirely a rate which had been productive of so much
bad feeling in every part of England.
Mr. WILK S had been requested to support the prayer of
the petition. In Lancashire and -Yorkshire great contention
was set on foot by the continuance of these obnoxious rates, and
he was not surprised at the indignation which was expressed by
the people on this subject. He would not occupy the House by
any remarks, seeing so many of his Hon. Friends disposed to
speak, but he could not help observing that the case before
them added one to the numberless complaints which proved,
that until church-rates were abolished, the country could not
enjoy the blessings of peace, or have confidence in those by
whom they were governed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM knew that the facts stated in the
petition were not exaggerated ; on the contrary, they were un-
derrated.
Mr. E WART supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. PATTEN trusted his Majesty's Government would be
prepared before the close of the Session to bring forward a
measure for the total abolition of Church Rates.
MR. BUCKINGHAM'S CLAIMS.
Mr. TULK presented a petition from some place we could
not learn in favour of Mr. Buckingham's claims. The Hon.
Member took that opportunity of correcting a mistake
which appeared in the votes of the House.—( Hear.) The
Attorney-General presented a petition from Edinburgh, most
numerously and respectably signed, in favour of Mr. Buck-
ingham's claims, and it was put down in the votes as. from
Paisley.

AGRICULTURAL DISTRESS.
Mr. PELHAM presented several petitions from Leicester,
on the subject of agricultural distress.
Lord HENNIKER presented a petition on the same subject.
DISSENTERS' GRIEVANCES.
Mr. W ILK S presented a petition from Bewdley on the sub.

ject of Dissenters' grievances.
Mr. CHARLES LUSHINGTON presented a petition
from Ashburton on the same subject. The Hon. Member fully
concurred in the prayer of the petition, and trusted they would
never be satisfied until they received the whole of the emanci-

pation they deserred.
IRISH MUNICIPAL REFORM.
Sir R. FE RGUSSON presented a petition from Notting-
ham, signed by 6,000 inhabitants of that town, praying that
the House would be pleased to grant a full and efficient mea-
sure of municipal reform to Ireland.
ASSESSED TAXES.
Mr. II LT ME presented a petition from an individual named
Charles Wright, complaining of the manner in which the
window tax was assessed, and which pressed very unfairly upon
the poorer classes. He had another petition to present, and
he wished the Chancellor of the Exchequer was present
to call his attention to it.—( Hear, hear, and a laugh.
Ths Right Honourable Gentleman was in his place.) Ha
was glad to see the Right lion. Gentleman in his place—the
petition was from Tottenham, Enfield, Barnet, and other
places in Middlesex, signed by many hundred householders,
complaining of grievous surcharges in the levying of the as-
sessed taxes ; the officers had. waged an indiscriminate warfare
against the inhabitants, and by summoning them for carts,
dogs, horses, licenses, &c., they had been put to very great
inconvenience and expense. This was not confined to the
county of Middlesex alone, and if the Government wished to
have these taxes levied with the concurrence of the people
they must put a limit to these oppressive surcharges.—( Hear. )
The Marquis of CHAND 0 S quite concurred in the obser-
vations of the Hon. Member for Middlesex. The same system
extended to other counties, and the surcharges in the county
which lie (the Marquis of Chandos) had the hdnour to repre-
sent, were most grievous and illegal, and most disgraceful to
the parties concerned.—( Hear, liear.)
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER admitted
the existence of the evil which resulted from the .system of
the officers having an interest in the fines levied. It was the
intention of the Government to introduce a Bill to remedy the
grievance.—( Hear, ho Ir.)
THE MAURITIUS.

Mr. HUME presented petitions from two inhabitants
of the Island of Mauritius, complaining of the conduct
of the Colonial Office towards that colony. During the
twenty years that he ( Mr. Hume) had been in Parliament
he never knew of so gross a case. It was not a sim-
ple allegation against an individual on the part of the
inhabitants, but that justice was not duly administered.
that the source of justice was tainted—that improper men had
sat on the bench, and that their acts were counten need by
the Government. The case of the inhabitant had been confided
to his Hon. Friend the Member for Bath, who had moved for
the appointment of a Committee on the subject. One of the
most important and material witnesses was Mr. Jeremy, and
the petitioners had applied to the Colonial-office, requesting
that this public officer would be detained for the
purp -se of having justice done.—Cries of " Ilea, hear.")
Rather than lcse hit evidence, they were obliged to pay
1,0001. into the hands of an individial in the Colonial Office.
When the day of motion came, his Majczty's Government,
through their Under Secretary, objected to the enquiry, re-
jected their prayer, and thus prevented the possibility
of the inhabitants of the Mauritius having their case stated
as the last resource, there being no other tribunal through
which they could obtain a return of the money. -They
came to that House and requested its interference in
whatever it might think best to forward that object. Ile
thought the only justice that could he done was, that his
\Tsjesty's Government should order the return of the 1,0001.
which they ought not to have received. It was not for a libe-
ral,Government to turn round upon parties in a paltry attorney-
like manner, and take advantage of them in every possible
way.—( Hear, bar.)
Sir G. GREY bad first to thank the Hon. Member for
Middlesex for having furnished him with a copythe
petition, but he was certainly bound to say- that the
statements in the petition were quite at variance with what he
knew to be the facts of the case. The petitioner returned
from the Mauritius in the same ship with Mr. Jeremy as long
ago_ as last February. He must have known that Mr. Jeremy's
appointment to the Judgeship was made at the solicitation
of Mr. Jeremy's friends as long ago as October last. The
Hon. Member bad given notice of a motion last Session
that be should move for a Committee to enquire into the
matter, and upon the Bth of January last -Lord Glenelg had
intimated that he would interpose no difficulty in the
way of Mr. Jeremy's detention, or to prevent any lion. Member
from bringing forward any proposition with reference to the
Mauritius, and in respect to which Mr. Jeremy's eviiell`-'e
might in their opinion be desirable. At the same time,
though the particulars of the case were not stated, and
no decided opinion expressed as to the course it was the inten-
tion cf G.lvernrrient t 3 pursue, they were now informed
that they would not pledge themselves to the result of the
enquiry, and Lord Glcnelg had stated that he would not refuse
the order of detention except with Mr. Jeryrny's own consent.
The petitioner then, to induce Mr. .Jeremy to stay in the
county, offered him the amount in question. Mr- Jeremy
said that being a servant of the county, he could not re-
ceive the money ; but if it was paid through the Colonial-
office he would receive it.--( Hear, hear.) It was clearly
understood that Mr. Jeremy was to be indemnified out of
the money, and the remainder was to be returned to the party.
Upon the petitioner's own orthority the money was paid over
to Mr. Jeremy. Under these circumstasces, he could not
think any blame attached to the department to which he belonged
in not attempting to charge the public with the sum
The petitioner stated that he had been driven to conic to
Parliament, by the conduct of the Colonial Officer
Now, what was the fact ? Why-, numerous little
had been received at the Colonial-office from the petitioners,
impeaching the conduct of almost every public officer in the
Mauritius, and was it likely that the Colonial-office would
act upon them ?—( Cheers )
The SPEAKER put it to Hon. Members whether, when
so many subjects of importance were before the House, they
would not adjourn the discussion of this subject till a future
period ?
Mr. WILK S said, that of course if the Chair suggested the
propriety of postponing the discussion, of course they must
submit. But he thought it was impossible that statements
such as had been made could be allowed to pass by without
observation. He thought the petition well deserving the con-
sideration of the House.
Mr. ROEBUCK did not understand why the discussion on
this subject could not finish at at once.—( Hear, hear, hear. )
A statement had been made by the Hon. Baronet,
which might prejudice the petitioners unless they were an-
swered.—( Hear, hear.) The Hon. Baronet had said these
parties had come to this country in the same ship;
he had nothing to do with that ; the question was, did
not these parties accuse many of the officers of the Mauritius
of Malversation.—( Hear.) Why even Mr. Jeremy himself did.
The petitioner, together with Mr. Jeremy, applied to him
ter:nnake a statement to the House last Session, he stated
he could not do so then but would in the course of
thetbjhur eianddn
Judge,
evi GI
t:
adho t
evidence
hnenwrceonchwem(
00)i
lenfuengl
could
matter?
the present Sessions : now what had been the course of
reinttheentiHo no u s teo,
Jeremy a
not
oltljv
eh do
oe
ome
flts
ylho
the Mauritius
aNNthdoi aeawpdui
Now, the
r i i
vtthewimadeuedass
Hobf
Hon.
before
Ni
os.l r .
the
Beavriodneente eh
had
totally forgotten to mention a most important fact, which was,
that Mr. Jeremy. was about to be sent out against his own
will, till the inquiry had taken place. —( Hear, hear.)
and upon his ( Mr. R.) applying to the Colonial Office, seve-
ral grounds were stated—all of which he rebutted—why Mr.
Jeremy could not be detained in this country, and at last they
came upon him from the poor unfortunate one thousand
pounds for the indemnification of Mr. Jeremy.—( Hear.)
They had created expense, and called upon him to pay, but
these Gentlemen were so determined to bring the mattr before
Parliament, if there was a chance of the case being heard,
Nat they were willing, ;under protest, to pay the 1,000/.
What was the answer of the Government ? Not
that they reserved the right of opposition, but that they could
not say what the House of Commons would determine. Now
nothing was better understood than this, that when Ministers de-
termined to grant a Committee the usual understanding was that
a Committee would be granted. If the Government denied a
Committee then only was the House called upon to divide.
Therefcre, the Colonial-office must have known whether they
intended to grant this Committee or not. They had deter-
mined, as it turned out, to refuse the Committee, and neverthe-
less they took the money. He never was more surprised
than when the Honourable Baronet accepted the 1,000/.—
yet there was one other time, viz., when the Ho-
nourable Baronet stated that he was authorised to deny
the Committee after accepting the money his (Mr. R.'s)
astonishment was somewhat greater. The affair was alto-
gether a complication of the grossest injustice. The only
chance of wiping_ out the stains that rested upon the Co-
to wash out,
lonial-office—of doing something in some way

or at least to lessen the colour of those stains, was to pay
back the money.—( A laugh.) Such was the state of the
case—these were the real facts of it, and he left it to the
House and the country to decide between them.
The petition was then laid on the table.
MARINE INSURANCES.
Mr. H. HUGHES begged to ask the Right Hon. the
Chancellor of the Exchequer if it was the intention of Go-
vernment to propose in his financial statement any reduction
of the duties payable on Marine Insurances.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said it
was riot his intention to propose any change in the duties on

Marine Insurances.
Sir GEORGE GREY brought up papers from the Co-
loonial Office, pursuant to order.
SLAVE APPRENTICESHIP—WEST INDIES.
Mr. TOWEL BUXTON confessed he had heard with
much satisfaction that it was tha intention of Government to
bring in a bill for the purpose of continuing the act on this
subject, which had been allowed to expire in Jamaica. It was
only within a few days that he heard of this, and not having
expected it, he felt on that account more grateful to Ministers.
In moving for a Committee, it would not be necessary for him
to occupy the House at any great length, for the importance
of the subject must be apparent to every. one, affecting as it
did 5,000,000 of human beings who had been in a state of
slavery in other countries.—(Hear, hear.) The people of
England feel a deep and lively interest in the question.
The best proofs he could adduce in support of this fact was,
that when petitions were pouring in from every quarter
of the country, praying for the emancipation of the
slaves, they were answered by West India interests,
Well, tell your constituents their prayer shall be granted, but
they shall pay for it. Well, their prayer had been
complied with, and had they heard the slightest complaint
from the people of England. But the people who contributed
their money to purchase the freedom of the slave, had a right
to know how that money had been dispose of.—( Hear, hear.)
There was anether reason, which weighed more with him
than any other.—( Hear, hear.) They had bad consi-
derable experience upon the subject, and he thought it
was desirable that every Hon. Member, whose constituents
were interested in the matter should know whether the West
Indians had made any attempt to evade the conditions for
which that money had been granted—whether they had attempt-
ed to deprive the negroes of any portion of that liberty which
the British peoplhad bought at so costlya price. He (Mr. F.
Buxton) contended that such was the case, and it was only
within the last half hour only that he had ascertaind
that the Government bad had the courage to say, if that
Act expired in Jamaica, they would re-establish it in a British
House of Parliament.—( Hear, hear.) He would proceed to
show, that at the moment of their receiving that enormous
grant—when they had scarce recovered from their astonish-
ment at their extraordinary good luck in receiving twenty
millions of money—( Hear, hear)—an enormous gain to
them ; when, at the very outset, at a time they ought to
have thought of nothing but expressing their gratitude for
that large sum, they should have attempted to lay violent
hands upon the essential and sacred principles of the Abolition
Act. It was necessary to know what were the promises
made to the British people by the West Indians, and by the
Noble Lord who introduced the Bill. They were, that
during the interval the apprentices should be exempted
from the system of irresponsible corporeal punishment, and
that not a taint of slavery should remain—that with the ex-
ception of being obliged to work a certain number of hours
in the week, they should have all the rights and privileges of
freemen. Whoever looked at the words of the Noble
Lord, or the terms of the Act, would be satisfied that to all
intents and purposes they should be dedidedly free. That im-
posed an obligation on both parties. On the British Govern-
ment to pay the twenty millions—and that obligation
they had faithfully discharged, next was the obligation of
the negroes to work industriously for a certain number of
hours, and be (Mr. Buxton) would show that they had not
only performed it, but by their industry they had surprised
not alone the cold calculations of the West Indians, but the
warmest expectations of their warmest friends. There were
two Acts passed by the Jamaica House of Assembly, one in
December, 1833, and the other in July, 1834. It was
only with the first of these Acts he had to deal,
as the other had been virtually repealed.—( Hear.) In that
Act there was not less than 28 striking discrepancies between
the British Act and that of the Jamaica House of Assembly
Lord Sligo's words were that, "it was an imp?rfect
act of abolition."—( Hear, hear.) Lord Glenelg spoke of
it in the same manner in one of his despatches
his Hon. Friend the Member for Devonport thought as badly of
the original act as he did, otherwise what meant the notice they
hal just heard—that the Government would take the proper
and laudable steps of coming forward and doing that which
the West Indians had refused to do themselves. When
be (Mr. F. Buxton) last year complained Orthe original
Act what did his Hon. Friend state ? True it was that the
original Act was liable to all those complaints that bad been
alleged against it, but that there was a second act which was
a masterpiece of legislation. The next witness he would
quote was Lord Aberdeen, who stated he had no confidence in
the original Act, but his whole reliance was on the Act in aid
(LEFT SPEAKING.)

COURSE OF EXCJIA
Amsterdam C. I' !t1 7

NGE-/THIS DAY.).

Ditto, at sight
0 U E2 7.
1.3.,)ttt raant

... ...._. . __
Leghorn 4714
Genoa 23 9
Milan.., . 3l
-37
Venice
4n34
N apl es
Palermo Per oz. 1?-1g
Li,bon
(Torn, S6N
Itto Janeiro In
Bahia ... 26
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight ll,
I Ye,
Cork

ntmrerp l2 li
1 faml,airg, M.II. 1:1 14!4
Altow.
[saris, :1 day.' ...gilt 23 U. 5
1) ttn ....... .............. 2 Us 25 SO

.......
-Alarseilles.
Fr:till:1o] tOn Maim., i:x. M 154
l'el ersbul gt,, ruble..... .3 Us lO 0
ller!ln
Vienna, effective it "M lO 12.
Trie,te . ditto lO 1•!
Madrid • 1714
Cadiz..... 17 li
11;11,0:,
13 rtclona ...
Seville • 37
Gibrallar ... . 4S

PRICE OF BULLION, PER 07'.
Portugal (told, coin £0 it 0
Foreign Gold, in bar 5...... 3 17 9
New Doubloons
New 1)ollars
Silver, bars, standard 0 5 0

LOND9N MARKETS-THIS DAY.

(From the /New London Pr-ice current.)
SCGAR.—There has not been a single arrival of Britis
Plarihtion since last Tuesday, still there continues to be a
good quantity offering for sale, the present holders being
anxious sellers, expecting that when supplies of the new crop
begin to come in freely, which may he looked for about the
middle of April, that a great reduction in prices will take
place. The lowest point of the Market for dry brown is
393. 6d., and the extreme for fine grocery 675. per cwt.
::The stock of West India Sugars is now 11,087 hhds. and
trs., being 7,305 less than last year. The stock of Mauritius
is now 63,079 bags, which is 26,625 less than last year. The
delivery of West India last week was 1,377 hlids. and trs.,
which is 1,293 less than last year. The delvery of Mauritius
was 6,667 bags, being 266 more than the corresponding week
of last year. In the prices of West India there was no alte-
ration this day, but the demand was very moderate, the sales
not exceeding 300 hhds. and trs., and those taken principally
by th?, grocers.
The quantity delivered from the Docks last was exceedingly
small, and has not been so trifling for the last ten years.
Three vessels arrived from Demerara and Berbice, and re-
ported this day with 970 hhds. 50 barrels, &c. Of Refined
the grocers and shippers have bought' very sparingly, although
the refiners have submitted to a reduction of Is.; for fine
Crashed, 41s. 6d. a 42 accepted. Further parcels of Crashed
Sugar manufactured at Amsterdam have been taken for the
Mediterranean at 415., much to the injury of the British
refiner. There is a report that it is the intention of Govern-
to make the bounty on all kinds of Refined Sugar, 405., and
to have no standard sample.
This afternoon there were a great many enquiries by the
shippers, and 83s. refused for Lumps to pass the standard. In
Grocery goods nothing done.
MAURITIUS.—No public sales have taken place since our
last report, the 4,000 bags advertised for auction last Friday
having been withdrawn. There was nothing done by pri-
vate contract during Wednesday and Thursday last, but since
then several parcels have charged hands at full market prices.
No public sales advertised for this week. The only arrival
has been 7,800 bags. Several arrivals reported at the Cus-
tom-house this day, 11,400 bags. Nothing done by private
contract this day; 11,0000 will be offered at public sale on
Friday and Tuesday next.
EAST INDIA.--The enquiries last week for the strong qua-
lities of Manilla, Siam, and Java were considerable, but owing
to the zcanty supplies of those descriptions at Market very
little was done ; last week's rates would have been readily
given. There is a fair demand for Bengal by the grocers,
but for shipping very little doing, still holders are very firm,
there being every appearance that it will be placed on the
same footing as West India.
The public sale this afternoon of 1158 bags of Bengal was
nearly all taken in to support former rates, mid. white at 375.
a 315., low white 365. a 365. 6d., a few lots went at 36. a
375. 6d. for low to mid. white.
MOLASSES.—The demand for West India has been confined
to a small parcel of Demerara at 275. 6d. a 265. per cwt.
The total deliveries of West India Molasses from the ware-
houses for the week ending March 19th, amount to 7,394 cwt.
SALTPETRE.—Rough is in brisk request, and prices fully
to those of last week paid. At auction 1,830 bags all sold ;
Calcutta, refraction 3i to 8,28 s. to 28s. 6d. ; Madras, re-
fraction 12i, 275. per cwt.
SPlCES.—Cassia Lignea has sold very extensively by pri-
vate contract ; 625. paid for middling quality. Pimento sells
steadily. Pepper keeps quiet. Nutmegs in demand by the
home trade at 6s. 10d. per lb.
COTTON.—The Market since Friday has been very quiet,
still holders will not give way in price. The Liverpool Market
was exceedingly brisk last week, the sales exceeding 38,000
bales at d. a d. per lb. above the previous rates.
TALLOW.—For forward delivery there is very little doing,
but for parcels on the spot the demand is very brisk at our
quotations.
CocoA.--The total deliveries of West India Cocoa from the
warehouses for the week ending March 19th are 31,0531b5.
COCHINEAL.—The demand is very great, all the parcels ad-
vertised for public sale has been bought up at prices averaging
7s. 6d. per lb. for silvers, there is scarcely any of low quality
to be had now under 7s. 2d. to 7s. 3d. per lb.
LAC DYE—Is in brisk demand, and in some cases a trifling
advance obtained on the last public sales prices.
OILS.—In Fish Oils a good business done for home use at
our advanced quotations. The demand for Linseed Oils has
been very great, and prices on the spot have risen to 465.
per cwt.
TURPENTINE.—Spirits have again advanced in value, but
there is less business doing ; Rough is scarce, and held firmly

for 20s. per cwt.
INDlGo.—There has been a considerable business done since
last Thursday, principally in parcels of old importation, for
which an advance equal to the prices of the last quarterly sale
