IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, JULY S.

---- -
Mr. Crafer presented a Statement of the Income
and Expenditure of the United Kingdom from the
year 1813 to 1828.
On the motion of Lord MALMESBURY it
was ordered to be printed.
Sir A. GRANT and others brought up a Bill to
amend the Constabulary Act of Ireland.
The Charing-cross and Strand Improvement Bill,
the Corn Bill with Amendments, and two private
Bills were agreed to.
Upon the motion of the Earl of SHAFTES-
BURY the Registry Deed Office Bill in Ireland,
and the Parliamentary Poll Electioneering Bill, were
read a third time.
Earl FERRERS presented a petition from an
individual, praying for the extension of the power of
Trial by Jury to New South Wales.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented peti-
tions from the merchants of Cornwall, and the
north-west of Ireland, in the kelp trade, praying for
relief.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a pe-
tition from a parish in -Wilts against slavery. Also a
petition:from a Clergyman, complaining that he had
been imprisoned for the non-payment of poor's rates
on tithes to which he contended he was not liable,
and praying for relief.
MALMESBURY thought it legal to es►-
force the payment of poar's rates upon tithes.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY objected to this
petition upon the ground of its bringing forward a
question purely legal.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE agreed with
he two Noble Lords, and withdrew the petition.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition from
the Stove Manufacturers of Yeovil, Soniersetshire,
against the importation of Foreign Stoves.
The-Report upon the Irish Promissory Note Bill
was received, with an amendment by the Duke of
WELLINGTON, which was ordered to be printed, and
ithe Bill read a third time this day week.
Adjourned at Half-past Five o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Juts S.
Sir IT, PARNELL moved the Order of the Day
for the Committal of the Holyhead Roads' Bill,
which accordingly went through a Committee. The
-several chutes were agreed to, the House resumed,
and the Report was ordered to be received to-
morrow.
Sir F. WILSON presented a petition from a
parish in Yorkshire, in favour of the Additional
Churches' Bill.
Mr. A. DAWSON presented a petition from
Londonderry, praying that Orange Associations
might be put down. Also a petition from the
butler buyers of Dundalk, praying that an inquiry
might be made into the laws relating to the butter
trade.
Mr. CHICHESTER presented a petition from
the landowners of certain baronies io Wexford, in
favour of the Constabulary Police.
Sir G. HILL presented a petition from the Mer-
%haute, Traders, &c. of Londonderry, for a reduction
of the Ditty on Coals.
Mr. DAWSON supported the prayer of the pe-
tition, as did also General GASCOYNE and Mr. J.
CiRATTA N.
Colonel ARBUTHNOT presented a petition
from ehe Landowners of Aberdeen, praying for an
Amendroent of the Excise Laws in Scotland.
After a f ew words from Mr. rgitGussom and Mr.
C. Fvscur PeemEe, the petition was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SLANEY moved fer several returns eon,
fleeted with the Poor Rates.—Agreed to.
Mr. SLANEY also moved for several returns
connected with the Malt Trade..
Mr. CUytTEIS presented a petition fr©m the
Landowners of Coltspur, praying for a continuance
of the Small Note circulation.
Sir J. /SCARLET •!' presented a petition from the
Solicitors of London, complaining of the want of
accommodation in the Courts of Law at West-
rninster. Sir James said that he could bear testi-
mony to the truth of the allegations in the petition.
The SOLICITOR GENERAL also bore testi-
mony to the want of ventilation and accommoda-
tion in those Courts. The petition was then ordered
to be printed.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from New-
port, Isle of Wight, praying that the Additional
Churches' Bill may not pass into K law'.
Mr. W. SMITH also presented a petition from
Harleston, Norfolk, praying for the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. FYLER presented a petition from the Ope-
rative Ribbon Weavers engaged in the .Silk Trade
at Coventry for protection. The Hon. Member
said, the petitioners objected to the law being kept
;11 its present state, because it was a state of suspense
which deprived the manufacturers of confidence and
security. Free trade had caused an increase of labour
6ut it had also caused a reduction cf wages, and alff
though there was an artificial stimultiegaen to trade
it was greatly depressed.
Mr. Secretary PEEL presented copies, by eom-
manU of his Majesty, of the Correspondence between
the Cormnissioners at Sierra Leone and Rio Janeiro,
relatis'e to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.—Or-
dered to he printed.
Mr. Japii7sl WOOD presented a petition from
the Protestant Dissenters of Finsbury Chapel, Moor-
fields, against the Additional Churches Bill. He
trusted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer would
that night state to the mouse his -resolution not to
press this Bill during the peesent Session.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN presented a pe-
tition from the Kid Glove Manufacturers of London,
complaining of the importation of French Gloves,
and praying for aduty on Foreign Gloves.
Mr. MUNDAY presented a petition from the
:inhabitants of Castle Dorrington, in the county of
Chester, praying for the abolition of Negro Slavery.
Mr. R. GORDON brought up the report of the
Select Committee on Smithfield Market. It stated
chat the Committee were of opinion that there ought
to be a Bill brought into Parliament empowering
the Corporation to prevent carts and 713g,gons from
-passing through the Market during certien hours
on Mondays and Fridays.
Mr. R. GORDON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, bring in a Bill, founded upon the recom-
mendation of the Committee.
Mr. F. BUXTON presented a petition from the
• Clergy of Ely, praying for the Abolition of Negro
Slavery, and also similar petitions from Cheltenham,
Uxbridge, Gravesend, and seventeen other places.
Mr. O'NEIL presented a petition from the Kelp
Manufacturers of the county of Galway, praying fcr
ditty upon the importation of Foreign Kelp. He
also gave notice of a motion for the 15th June,
founded upon the prayer of the petition.
Mr. BERNAL presented a petition from
chester praying for the abolitiara of negro slavery.

STA.TE OF IRELANO.
Lord JOHN fIUSSELL gave notice that on
Thursday, the 11th inst., he should move an initiate
Address to the Crown upon ate state. of Ireland.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from Montrose
against negrd slavery ;_ and also a pet:idea from the
owners of smacks, trading between Leith and Lon-
don, against the Packet Regulation Bill ; also a
petition from the .Rev. Robert Taylor, a prisoner in
Oakham gaol, under the sentence of the Court of
King's Belk)), upon a conviction of blasphemy,
praying that the House would take,his case into
eonsideratioi, and would do away with that disgrace
to the English law, the inflicting punishment upon a
man for his religious opinions, The petitioner stated
that he had for years given philosophical lectures in,
the city of London without interruption from the
corporate officers until the mayoralty of Mr, ni '
thony Browne, a dissenter, under whose directioto
the prosecution against the prisoner was instituted;
He (Mr. H.) concurred with the petitioner in saying
that it was much to the credit of the Established
Church that no corporate officer being a member of
that establishment had ever prosecuted him for his
religious °Onions? and in regretting that such pro!,
