sailed a;iinfron-l.t4at Port, and on the .‘2O th cast in-
chor in otirßoad.

, . .
Vt.tN-4‘, _AUG. repoit that the Jrziperial
residence *as to be removed to Buda, has been pCp:
sitively :contraditted ; but -it is-'generally believed.
that h Diet will very shortly be held in Hungary. Re-
spedhig•trie evacuation of Cataro no otii.cial intelli-
gence has been yet received.

EMBDEN, AUG. 20:—As. part of the Prussian gar-
►i=on, with artillery and baggage, ha's marched from
;hi; place., and the remainder have orders to-hold.
the nselves in readinehs.

BILUSSELS, AUG. 24. -The King of Holland ar-
rived at Aix-la-Chapelie on the toth ;.lier Majesty
the Queen,- who left Mentz on the 18th, was ex-
petied on the 25.1 d- Their J'lajesties, if is expeaed,
will make some stay at Aix la-Charkile. •
FRANKFORT, AUG. IQ.---A Northern Confede-
racy,is talked of more thanever: Russia andFranee
have agreed, it i§ said, upon this point, and the Eiii-
nerOr /I.I.:EANDEii is to- be placed-at the' head of it.
We tordd say more of this Confederatiou, hut for
fear of going too far-into the whirlpool of Unlounded
rumours that are afloat relative to this supposed Con-.
federation.

WESTPHALIA, AUG. 17.—The garrison of Osna-
burgh agailftnarched out of- that place yesterday.—
The troops. cinder Geoerat- BLUECHBR are taking a
concentrated- po,ition front Liene to Teckienburgh.
,• • .

.
•SWEDISI.I POINIERANIA, AUGUST 17.--Iviapr VON
KRUSEMARK. has arrived at GriJ-swald,. with *Dis-
patches for his S,A:edish Majesty from the Court of
Berlin. The DietAt Griefswaid will.close its sittings
to-morrow.

ULM, Atm. B:—The march of troops, for rein=
forcing the French Corps, continue every day taro'
this town. The march of artillery is not yet dis-
continued, as was reported. Two days ago a con-
siderable train proceeded to join Marshal Nay's
Corps. The French troops now in Germany amount
to 1.53,000 eliedive men.'

AUGSBURGII, AUG. B.—This day woo French
Troops arrived here, and were quartered partly in
the town, and partly in the neighbouring villages.
Atter halting for one day, they are to march to join
Marshal SotiLT'S CorpS, on the Inn.

An Austrian Courier passed yesterday through
Ulm,,who, on account of the importance of his Dis-
ptcheS, was to complete his -journey from Paris to
Vienna in six days.
The Troops.marching through Swahia and Bava-
ria, to join Marshal SouLT's Corps, are fine-men,
and will form excellent reinforcements. They all
belong to the last conscription; and part have not yet
received their accoutrements.
Colonel ROUTLIER, of thesFrench Engineer Corps,
who, .about ten months ago, threw up works round
this Town, which were sufficient to protea it from
a coup de main, is now here, and has prepared a plan
for a regular fortification. Lindau is also to be for-
tified. .

ST. PETERSBURGIT, AUG: 2.—On the 315 t of July
three new Frigates were launched here. They' are
copper-bottomed, and are considered by those quali-
fied to judge as of a very excellent constmaion.
ALTONA, AUG. 16.—The following letter has been
written to the Emperor NAI,GLEoN, by M. JACOB-
. soN, Agent of Pii;a9ces to' the ;_ourt of Brunswick :
" SlRE—Pci;arated with sentiments of the most
'profound veneration, and filled with that admiration
which those extr.tordinary men always excite, who,
at different periods, are chost-n by the Eternal to en-
noble the. human race, I approach your Majesty's'
Throne With all that confidence the great aaions
with which you_ have caused the astonished world
to resound are calculated to inspire.
" I have not the happiness to be numbered among
the people fOr whose advantage you sacrifice all the
Moments of your life. I belong not to that. happy
Country to which you have called back Peace. lam
• one of the tintbrfunate Jewish People against whom
ignorance and superstition have le:Tiled, in order to
degrade them, and render them the opprobrium of
every other nation; but the Lord of Hosts has chosen
you, to give happiness to the World, and the Jews are
a part of that world. I belong to that people I.vhase
tnisery has for more than 1000 years in vain implored
the compd.ssion and thc humanity of Sovereigns—to
that people who expected in yoU their Saviour, and
who in you, Sire, have found him !
_ .

" I have constantly. endeavoured to promote the
happiness of my countrymen by civilizing them;
and my .efforts have been crowned with the happiest
success. I have at last been able to interest several
German Princes in favour of the Jewish People. I,
have .obtained for My unfortunate brethren theabo-
lit ion of an infamous tax. I have established, at my
own expence, an Institution for the instruction of
Jewish children, and in which there are at present.
more'than twenty Christian children. Now, liow
ever, I. place 110 limits to nay hopes, since I have
the happiness to raise my suppliant voice to the
throne of your Majesty.
" Deign, Sir, to extend your beneficent vie ;vs to
the Jews who inhabit the Countries •adjoining to
your vast Empire. If you confine your benefits to
that part of my brethren who are among your Ma-
je Sty's subjeas how much will still remain to be de-
sired ! How will it be possible to surmount the ob-
stacles which the difference of the French Admini-
stration and that of other States will place bet Ween
them and us-? The commercial relations of klance
and Germany require a constant intercourse between
. the. Jews of these Countries"; but what Jew, inha-
,biting your States, would degrade-the title orFrench
Citizen, by the humiliations and vexations which
the system of Administration in Germany would
make him experience ? Would he choose
sponse among a people rendered infamous by the
laws of the Country they inhabit.
How great and sublime, is the enterprise of
breaking the chainS of a people unjustly oppressed !
Who but a, God can hearken to their complaints and
deliver theth from an insupportable bondage !
`"The Princes of Germany do not oppose the ac
complishment of this grand work : on the contrary,
it is the object of their wishes. They are anxious- to,
ameliorate our.coudition. We groan under the ope
ration ,of ancient laws di&ated shy barbarism, and
which prejti±ce only could -have maintaineduntil
the Fe:ient day. . .
" The .German Jew Would be happy' were he
permitted to 'earn ins bread honestly, to enjoy the
common right of protection which Governments
owe to their Suhje(ts; and were there given to his

Y+'Vlaui rOIMI;
Witt. Ont devlating
from his owti' law, would a%:.:cord with the eiercise
of ad_ the dOties.of citizenship.
" But to attain this object it would be necessary,
" To es:ablish a Sovereign Jewish Council,
presided by a PatriarCh residing in France.
2. ". To class all the persons prof sing the Jew-
ish faith ireordinf.; t the di.tiLls they inhabit, With
a Synod to etc:), underthe superintendance
of the French Government andithe Sovereign Jewish
Council, should decide on all atfaii7s connected with
wordlip, and should appoint the Rabbis.
3. " To'authorize the sad, Sovereign Council to
supply each. Jew with the necessary expellees for
enablint- him, to fulfil the duties of a citizen in every
country.

" These mean'
s, Sire, appear.egnailv certain and
indispensible. Only break the .po:itical and eccle-
siastical-chains which confine the Jews to a •state Of.
slavery, and 'you will soon see- them aspire to the
dignified character of other nations: Tht.-n shall we
etwilate.our ancestors, whocbanged the barren rocks
of Palestine into.delightful gardens, and covered them-
with the richest harvests. then, shall we be worthy
of bearing the same, name .as those heroes who
planted their viaorions standards'on the banks, of the
river Jordan' with 'the same hands with which they
guided the plougl-, ana. shuttle."

MiIIrGATE, Au G. 31 .

To, commencement of this week proved highly
advantageous to the interesting cause of humanity.
A Charity Scrmon, .for the benefit of the Sea-bath-
inqinfirahtry, was preaalfed at St. John's, by Mr.
-WHITE, a revered Member 'of the Church. The
subje4 Was treated with greet ability, atiJ the dis-
course 'was delivered in a very iwpressive manner.
The colleftion exceeded tool.,

Sir W. W. WYNNIEi and the °Seers of the Royal
Denbigh Militia, patronized Mrs. HENRY'S I,enetit
on Mpnday. The Play was The Heir at Law, and
DowToN was Dr. Panglos. The After-piece was
Perouse, and Mrs. HENRI- went through the par't of
the distressed herOine with peculiar aElivity. , The
House was very full. An Officer ventttre4 upon
the Stage, on Tuesday, evening, whose performance
was of such a kind that the audience, in general;
Were disposed toexclairn

"Oh Rome-,, Romeo, "wherefore art rirnt Romee ?"
A masquerade took place on. Wednesday, which
was well attended, and several of the charZaers were
supported with spirit and humour.
The, weather has been rather unfavourable for
Dandelion, yet there was, at' least. an hundred per-
sons there on Friday. KIDNAN had no reason to be
dissatisfied with the success of his ball on Thursday.
The people were highly gratified on Friday by
seeing Mrs,. Sinn°Ns announced for Lady Randolph
in the evening. This great adtress natufnlly attraeted
all who had any pretensions to taste and judgment in
this part of the world, and the house was crowded.
She never took more pains, atid never performed with
more pathetic effeat. Mrs. K.t.tivE•roN was Young
Norval, and though the scenic illusion i not -much
enforeedily the.tr.lnsformation of ydt the effeet
was more gratifying than when the stage is devoted
to callow nestlings.. She supported the part: with
nature and simplicity. -WHEATLEY in, 'We/La/von,
and TAYLOR' in Old Norval, ac -ditted themselves
very ably. Mrs. StoooNs.was not less attratitive on
Saturday night in Mrs. Haller: Indeed a greater
crowd were obliged to quit the Theatre, for want
of r00.n,, than On. the previousfrifight. Blie is to ap-,
pear in Belvideru On Monday, for thelaSt time, ,
ac-
cording to report ; but as she is so' eagerly followed,
she may perhaps 'be tempted to display het unrivalled
talents fora night or two more. •
We have iven to thronged in the course of this
week, 'that many people were obliged to sleep in
the Hoys, and others were glad to find a nedurnal
shelter even in the bathing machines.

Among other equally impOrtant articles of infor-
mation from our, watering places; the Public receive
daily intelligence respeaing ,the variation of symp-
toms in the indispqsition of persons who never wero
heard. of beyond the limits of their own domestic
cirele.; yet the diurnal butletil)s are given with as
Much formality as if they related td Browned Heads.
To:what a miserable state-of degeneracy is the'pub-,
licPress reduced at the most critical period which
ever occurred in the history of the world, and
which' calls for the most interesting recitals and
solemn .discussions !

ago

BANNISTEIt iS pettbrming at Southampton, where
he has drawn a very numerous audience, for several
nights. - •

nnd Mrs. H SIDDONS have bad a very, sue-
.
cessful theatrical excursion' this summer toy various
places., Their last-periimnances Were 'at Worcester,
from which they returned on Saturclay.to be ready
for the opening of the Winter campaign in, the-me-
tropolis

Ly
the impatience which sotne persons manifest
for the departure and return of the, Messengers ern-
plOyed in the Negotiations between this Country
and France, it might be ,supposed that those. Me-
ssengers were running against time for a wager, and
that their only obje& waft to touch the goat; and set
oft again. .
CLERICAL NATI c:—Sixteen Welch Curates
inakc a iteaor ; ten;Bedors, a Pluralist; e Plu-
ralists, a Pean ; four Deans, a Bishop ; and two
Bishops, an Archbishop !

A singular match of Fives was played on Friday
at Walham Green, between a man Commonly called
the second:Lambert the Big, a man weighing aboUt
29. stone, and a Mr. Smith, of Parson's Gteeu. The
later had during the.game one leg tied Up; althoUgh
in hopping about he received several severe falls, vet
he beat the Young Lamlier'i: by one note)].
_ 4

,
' On a post near the Cartme_al Sands is .the follow-
ing,seutaq caution :---" Vi lien the' water is over
this post it is dangerous-to pass !"

Saturday a Letter was 'intercepted at the Post-
°aloe, purporting to, be written by Div:icis,. who
lately committed the fraud on the Stotk Exchapge,
.to his Clerk itt t'oa-n. • The Letter was forwarded
to the LORD MAYoR, and th Cler.7. was sent 'for,
and underwent a pri'Vate (Awl. nati 'n. If; t beLetter
is genuine, there is a great 01 Mr. NAL-
,DL::,. the City Marthal, wlth hini in Ire-
land, as it is dated frail that quarter. Strong suspi-
cions are notwithstanding entertainei that paitiety is
still in acid the Letter in qu,..,tiOn " a weak
invention of the.enemy,',' to mislead his pursuers;

L.NTELLrGE4VCE,

cliEsTEtviELDriiidEs.

WgDNESDAY, AttGUsT 27

• yen •
Fifty Pounds given by hi's Gtace the Duke d.`—Deshirti
Jot 2,3, 4, arid s yrs ohl shako horses snatches and
stfeerist-ik,:s et_ tinted). Two-mite heati. -
Mr. J,,i..son's br. c. Sir An:lreiv, 4 yrs old - ' t t
Mr 11.iity's 4; t. Laura, ditto . 2
Sir W. Hurilo!:e's ch. L Gallini, ditto . 4• 3
Mr. Atisou's gr. c. Traralgar, doi.to •, - 3 sir
A,Gold Cup, by Subscrib...rs of each. Four-mile heats.
Subscriber. )
Mr, Masnill gr 4 c. Iritaigar, by Delpiit4, 4 yrs uld • it • f
Mr. Sitwell's or. c by Sir Peter, 3 yrs old - z
Mr. Birch's char. Lavinia. ditto

•.• 3 3

Field Marshal MOLLENDORP ►is said to have been
disgraded by the King of Prussia, in cOnsequence ;1.:.
his eunduct at LAPaI:BST'S dinner, Where he pr,3
posed and drank the healtit of BONAPAR,TE. , it; i'-:'
at least., certain, that he is to have no coULT.L.:-ed in ,
the approaching operations.
The //anitargh .Correspaidenten, Of the lA,
nit: Contains.,the EMperor of Gerniany's resigna-
tion of the: lipperial Dignity ; as al,o a recital' of ;1i....
t titles, and the alterations in the Royal Arms,' leav-
ing out every thing reiative to the German Imperial
veil.;) V.
The Nloniteur has published a sketch or the His--;
tory'of the Jews, from MOSES to the piesent time,
In the execetion of this work, the writer e•,:anunes
particutlarly • into the causes of their disper,ion, and
the maxims and laws in their policy and leginiation,
which have contrib:e-ed to preserve them an isolated
body in every. country, where they reside. It i 4 •
evidently in",:ended. for the purpose of preparing the
way for. the new system which hoi..:APARTH means
'to establish for that class of people. The practice
of usury, to' which they are almost universally de-
' voted, as the' ',scans of 1i3.-eliboad, forms an im-
portant subject of this enquiry '; and we may collet
from it, that BONAPARTE would fain consolidate
the JewS with the mass of the people, and assimilate
- them, in their pursuits and professions, to the rest of,
his 'suiljeo.s.
Disturbances.of a seriOus nature prevailed in the
beginning or" June between the lowans of the hick
settlements of G.tor-ia and' the Americans in that
quarter. Theetroopse it appears, had been i.s,ithe
drawn from Louisville, in which there were a num—
ber of Int-Jiang, who spot) 'afterwards became refrac-
tory ; and someElickapcos threatened to kill all the
women and children. One .of them, in a sta:e of
intoxication, went out with this.determination, and •
meeting with Judge NIEGG'3, Atruck r. Ilk" head
with a tomahawk, which was turned OW by his hat. '
Thc... Judge seized the Indian, and drew his knife
half out of the scabbard. At'this instant a young mart
hatnedllammond shOt the 'lndian through the back
with a pistol ; but instead of minding it, he appear-
ed'inore resolved. to kill the Judge. - li.n.'nmond then
drew his dirk,and stabbed the Indian t2wie., on Which
he feli dead. This circumstance has excited the
wrath' of his,tribe, zfilci serious conitfluences are ap- •
prehended. Mr. Hammond .will be obliged to stand
his trial for the murder. The Indians have, in the
wean time,' retaliated, by killing several 'white peo- '
ple.

.The Bow-street Oaicer3 w re again fortunate,
enough, on Saturday moming, to prevent another
intended due!, in which the bloody-minded antago-
nists seemed to have been in doWnright earnest,
for they were dvtermined not to quit,the ground
unti4 one or both should fan ; for this purpose, they
had agreed to tight at six paces distance. The pit--
ties- were a Military Officer atictati Army Paymaster,
and their displate turned on pecuniary all'airs. The

communication_ having be't.it given to the &ix-
street Magistrates on' Friday evening, -one of tl►e
parties was taken into custody late on Friday night.;
the; other was fOund by the th?icers, ott Saturday
morning early, at the appointed ground, awaiting
the dreadful assignation, and was taken into custody
also. 13,-)th were bound in recognizances-to keep
the peace.

NOTpRIOLISJIORSE-STEALER-A man 'of the
name of Peskeit has lately -stolen horses in Cam-
bridgeshire, Warwickshire, Northamptonshire, and
almost every county in England. He was at last
taken up, and in the custody of a constabls.! at Wis-

beach, iiom whom he matte his escape a few (lays

11, man named R.. Birt, of the parish of Whit-
combe, was lately convicted by the Magiitratei- at
Dorchester, on the oath of Mr. Sherren, Cninch-
warden, in ,the several penalties of Is. for absence
from Churdi-bn Sunday, the" i7th inst. ; ss. lor
being drunk; and 20S. for swearing 20 profane
oaths , .

Bradford Leigh Fair, on Monday last, afforded the
pickpoCkets a most abundant harvest. A country-
man, liSfetling to the Nva Ilderflll 'oration of a Show-
man, had his pockets cleared of serentemtumeas ;
and dreading to meet the reproache,i of his family,
enlisted next morning with the soldiers.

SMIT4IFIELD MAIZKET, SEPr. t.

This day's market was tolerably well supplied with
prime .Beasts, and the show of Cmle in general wAs
petty good ; Veal and Lltnb s.)ld, at, last week's
prices ; Beef and Pork• ere- rather dearer .; ;Mutton
soniething cheaper, • and the trade for the most part
was somewhat brisk.--The bnsiness done it: die
Haymarket was considerable ; Troy and Clo;'er fetch-
ed better prices than •Friday's market ; .Straw 'con-
tinues theial'oe as-perlast.HThe following is a cor..
rat statement of the prices and inunf)ers: •

• " To sink the MAI pet ston,• of
B6efr4s,,oct. tp SS. 64. - iVluttmi 4s. oa. tz? ss. opt. -Veal
6s. od. to 7s. od. to 7s. od:7—Pork ss. 6.. to

13(4sts, Shev. and LAin bs, 8.;00. is z.--
Pigs 360.

SMITHFIELD. 1-Id.kMIAFIKET.
tiQy 31. 3s. tp 51. os.—Clover, 31. 3;; "to 511 tss• - --Ctraw
165.11.. to 21. 25. _

CORN EXCILINGE, SEPT. 1.---Thefe ts_a;continn-
ance of short arrivals-Of Wheat to-day, anii sales in
this trade are not readily eifetied at •plices nearly as
our • last ;..Barley in short stiNAy ; Malt likewise,
and each 3s. anti 4s. per quarter dearer; very few
White they are dearer ; also Beaus of
.both sorts tort In a.:hance,;r there are tolerable;
ofl'Oat-, with few ticsh arrivals,' and very mtle
variatioiVip 'price; Flour has advanced bs. j)er
:.-‘'.sB) 8 - 44 aSO
Fine ditto -9. S I TicK lfr.,ns 373 A 43' 'O4
Etye 33, a 41, 3t 23zi a 27s
Bailey -. o 38s a 4i, o,i Poi-7j dittu 332 a 3.ri ctt
Nl,llt, , - J od -32 los
W lute PeitSC • jos a 76:, 1110 rii. • 7,-); a 7is
tiitiy ditto 3ss oci .`..econdS - 653 a 703 6J
