GLIMAN PAPERS.,

L.P.T•rrta PROM ititl/411k14, Aran. thj
'treaty of 'the 14th instant, Bavaria obtititis as in-
demnity for the roorwries retto.cetled to Aettstria-.

'ON 'THE LEFT IIANh Or THE minis,
Tu the .Deportmeut • of Mont ironnerta..Danx
Vows, -Kalferslautern,. and Spires,
,%vith;the ex-
teption Of Wortns anti Pfeddersheini, and the
Canton of' K iriqateitn, Poland.
In the Departthent of ilte ,`i;n D'stectri
of. Mithltnohr,.Pdicieaitel, and Cassel,
In the Departtnent of the Lower
ettntria,Town and Fortress of Landau I the htst
as a fortress crt the Confederation ; also tine
Bergzabern,` Langen, Kat,dal;
th:t,bisiricts in this Wpm uncut upon the Left.
Mule Of the' Lanter, ceded 'in the Treaty of Paris.

9:41 THE WIGHT BANK OP THE RIIINii.

. .
lite Fulda liaillinges Harnifielburgli, including
FUlda and Saieek Bruekenan, 11'ey4ers, anti a
part , Biberslein;, also the Austrian ,Bailliwiek
ate(kiretz, lying within the Bavarian territory.—
Jlavariik oin'tiins other cession's, but these not he-
iuivatgri•ed upon, Austria hos engaged to indent-.
nify it for the revelinUCf :13Avaria receives also 15
311144,10414 of franks for thth.French contributions ;
the raitxiintun of tint salt to be given to ILivuvia ;It
0 eceiain,rneau price is 200,000, but, on the other
a' free trai:sit tar tis givet4 to
thcr negociations are to be entered upon con-'
corning military roads, and the posseision of, a
iietwe-ci) Ilechiofasgafloit Iteichen.
)),11, a ,vOl ris about theetitting of wood in the
foetficrot Sabtherg,.for the Ilavbrian -salt•works.

ti .41/31.711011, ISIAY 3.-.....141terS just received by-
the 1)(.6.t front St. Petertiburgh state thdt the new
ti,;.l,d, b the Emperor, is now under the
press. rrr,0r,....-nellee is guarded by soldiersi
'Amnon Ut.llitinhigb, April 30
antilirty 3-34. D.

T'lje price of Gold rethairts the same as last
week ; that of d,dld.rs has risen a balrytnny, be
'og 110,tV 4s. per ounce. .

The. Pipers of the kith Contain the trial,
convikion, and condemnation to death, of Gene-
tee I BERTRAND, also iSi'llOWeirCE, luckily ehmigh,
nt St. Helena, wit of the way of being eneented,
cncept in,,etfigy. We we sou), for his suffer
-
'Ho ire, llits respect , and more sorry for
the tiorerinneut which firs fallen into these
mockvri, 4. Th4l Courts are very
Hattie: reyaellnit C
it
N INrsiind DROUOTWhODI
lliry have in pi kon, and; for the same offence they
hang y the procuration of 'a Dan) BERTRAND,
vEIIO is OW of their retch. Well, at this distance
of time limn die rebellion, we commend hanging
according to the representative sySiern !
A Partin{ change of the French Ministry Las
taken place, at vrh ich none of the well-itiformed-
PRrate Corri.4)o,,liirni:4 gentry, so (1.:t:0 in' all
Cabinet secrets :At the Tuileries, and so 'commnni-
cative of diem to the British Public, lout given us
thcleAlr intimation. `114i4 stamps the within !
M. Luucg, late President of the I)eptities-,
named Minister:of the Litcrior, vice Count V.sti•
ELArtt::,, retiro as a Min,ister ''of State and
Privy Counsellor; and the Cti ANC EOO it t MO.'S the
Scabs ili Elie room at ilaaaa'Mannots. who, is
The CniNcimr.oll also as nines, ad ia/trim, the
Portleoille ;',..0f the Mini:!ttei of justice, the second-
officmof MAIIBOIS, ,

Papers haye a..1()34.; dl3sertistimi re-
specting tilt 3. suits, lot we have nut room
We have, howereri.,extrated the detail.,
of •tbekterritorial arrangements between Austria

The tollowhig, describes the• farther progress if
.
the ExpeLlitii,9l tinder 1.,0rd El;.:saouTit in btingipg
the flarhary to reitson. No one citn he
more desirons itilit the di...predations
cif i‘hese rtil!tEN effectultlly clet kvd, I)ut
we colifes3 tlt t. tre highly npprove of the course
taken to Hcenniplish rkirpose—a cotttse tar
preferable to an expensire.war and} .too probably,
a fruitless crusade

" GENOA, APHIL 26.—duthentic News.—Copy
extracted from the Book of Health of the Port of
Leghorn, sent exprevs by Seignor
Ageut and Consul-General of Ilk Tesl:.
cony, to Count De'sgeneys, Lieittenartt-General,.

" .TLYNIS.—The English frigate the Tagus,
Capt. Dunafs 61 40 guns, and 260 n►en, arrived
from. Tunis'in font. (lays, with► dispatches from the
English Admiral for his Cons►►l, and for tl►t Tos-
C. 4,11 Government.-

" Captain Danes having given his ivoril of
Conour, deposed, that he left Algiers after A(I.

.!moot ;tad coneludtpiaea to
fayotir of ilk Majesty the king of Safoit,, that
be touched at Tunis, where peace had''so been
concluded to the advantage of the same Screigo,
and lastly be added, that the:, Admiral ‘t going
With his squadton for the same purpose t Tri-
poli."'
Siena, Saw the said). sPAGNOLHI !,."
a,
Copy,
liy the Treaty so happily concluded by Lout
Exmou-rn hetteeen this Country and tle Pey
ut
TUNS, the latter, we understand, deelao, that
in case hf friture warfare, no prisoners ft tt4e 'gin
Shall be consigned to slavery, 'tot wilt
tereive kind irratinent till they are regnla4v ex.
changed, conforming in this point to theiv,Alai
prisetiee uf civilized States. We learn betidt.!,,
that they,are to be returned even without the de-
Mainl of ror9otn.--We have also heard, that raj-.
rn s have been since taken and pit to death,
hut of coarse without authority of the Govern-
ment, and the parties tire likely to be severely
hu-
inflicd for this horrible 'outrage.

11 Li

I L

h I

EAST INDIA FLEET.
The under.;thentionea, ships froin.Chiarti arrived
oil the isle of Wight yesterday, viz,
‘21:40.
Er>eXt General
Ceres, Vansittart,
Ii iis, IlriAgewaier,
Mniviii Camden, Atlag, and
Warren Hastiiv,- David Scott.
Ainwick Castle,
They Sailed from; China the 30th January, and
Sr. lld lia the latter end of March.
The Ilerrtordihire and General Kyd were to
leave China in February. ,
The Lady Flora, borneward-bound, left Chinn
the 14Ith December, and was iu Lat. 34.13. N.
Long, ;37. 20. W. on the 2901 -

The Northampton, from Biitany Bay, had ar-
rived in China, and the Horatio frigate; no the
13iii January.

News of the l'eaCe reache►J Chin* on the iStit
of that montl►.

The Maignis,of Ely Was *II in lat. 2. N. long.
2'2.

11.1Ajesty's brig Ferritt-laad arrived at St.
Helena trinn the Cape; witl► letters from the Com-
pany's ship, William Pitt,.lviiichhud the Countess
of LounEN on board passenger.
PASiENGERS IN THE rIIFFERENr SHIFS From CHINA.

F.liliitistoqc and Mr. Millit, per, Charles Grant,* Mrs..
and Miss Uratstott, per Essex; Nlr. Reeves, per 'Warren
Ilitstingl; Mr, tiope, of Batavia, per David Scott ; Mr:Cortis,
of Manilla, per Alnwick Castle; Captain Hamilton and Lady,
of Bombay, per' Nlargois Cowden; 'Lieutenant M6l'heroon,
it•ith Argirnent Alattrits N. 1., unit Lien% Ilibi;innetr,
Regiment, per Bridgew4teri Col. Jamey Currie, Anti-Mtveter
Charles %V. Itollamd, per Ainvrick Cairlc; Mrs. 1,011i.1t .
prr David Scott..

Th second reading of the Alien But took plaCe
in the [louse of Common's last night, after an in-
effectnal droll on the part. of the Opposition to
throw it our, and ensure
,theb‘ foreign friends a
comfortable asylum in this country. The votes
were 141.f0r,. to 47 against the Bill, -Tbongb an
' Alien Bill in 'Peace k not 30 strikingly ueer,shry
ai in IVar, ►•Vethink that fe'w unbiassed men can be
found to maintain, after the convulsions of recent
times rand 111e.i.lreadttiA prevalence of clissociatiorg,
(not to sly reyortitintiary)• principles. that as
a measure of precaution it is not .caictilated to
lae, eminently, useful." It is far preferable that
Government should lofve the power of removing
anti ki•eplng fr,ifir'sonr tnorestiatigerotis Fa-
'vipers, than we should voluntarily em-
brace all do: ditiicolty and confusion of brittAing
them to trial for pliences of 'which' they' may he
• A ,
accused, The late 'proceedings :against
in English-
I • .
menrance preguaili"ctitriviiiiti point ,to
illustrate- this'ttoctrine. tkad tbey.been ,rent oil
under an Alien Act,.. like Lord .KINN-Alfll3, the
French Government would have been stive&great
trouble and' uneasiness.

The only tenabte allegation that can be urged
ti.;:iitist arming the Legislatmv with this autho-
rity is that it may be abased. To this we answer
chit. the past motleratipa of Ministeti affords the
be,t security that it %%ill out be abased. In 1814,
from 21,640 , Aliens in this Country, only four
were sent out—in 1813, front 22,244, no more
than six were ordered to quit the Kingttom--•aad
at present from 22,616 foreigners not one has yet
been sent from the Country. Thesa,tacts decnon-
strive at once the mild and lenient manner in
which this law is administered—but its very ex-
istence may be the cause that its application has
so seldom been required.

The
PRTgcr. RAGENT Will bold A levee on Tiles.
day Carlton-house. QI.II;CN tviil hOtti
drawiug-room oil Thursday.
rt►fortnation wets yeiterthiy received front ()it-
lands of the intention of Princess CUARLOTTE and
Prince LeueoLo to expedite their retarn to Wall,
and that they taw/ be expected here this day.--6
Camelford House will, however, not he rea.ly for
their reception before Tuesday, and their !Ugh-
rieStf.4 are expeetett: to reNide the intervati
at
Wurwick 'louse.

NAVAL N EWS.

EAST INDIA FLEET.

PonTsmottvt, MAY !O.—Arrived the Lowther ,
Castle, ItoIitTLACX ; Essex, NESBIT ; harks
Grant, LoCK j Ceres, SCOTT; Inglis, HAY;
Marquis Cpinden, SAAIPToN ; Warren Ilastiogs,
Jorms Ahmick Castle, ROLLAND ; General
Harris, WELBANK ; Vansittart, DALRYMPLE ;
"Bridgewater, HuOtias ; Atlas, MAYNE David
:leolt, LOCKE, from China, off the Isle .oi Wight,.
on their way hir Cbannel ; Lord Catheiirt (pri: ,

vote ship), from Bengal ; Hatleston, THORNIBLI.,
from the Downs; Laura, M‘LINNAN, front Gan-,
daloope ; Monarch, GASCOIGNE, from the Downs,
for Batas,la; Betsey, WALKER, from the West.
Indies: his Majesty's ship Ceylon from the Cape
of Good llope,-..The above Iniliamen left China,
the 20th of January, and St. Helena the 26th of
March :—left at China the Northampton Botany.
llsy Ship, and the Company's ships Herefordshire'
and General Kyd, which were expected to sail
shunt the middle of February. The David Scott
and Charles Grant are anchored at St. Helena...'—',
Sailed the PAragon, MILLER, for the Downs.-r"
Vind W. N. W.
thethe Po:uvrti :bc:dtfititnt—stel- c't
avhient :vbesyr:
nnntif
tr4ry down from
sailed,. the Susannah, PACROTs for Oporto. Ar-
rived the Elizabeth:from Jamaica.

Fire o'clock.--Two homeward-hound East In- •
diarnen have just hove insight—particulars can•
not be ascertained by this post.—Wind W.

i
