BY THE OVERLAND FROM CiALIUTTA, JULY 18.

(We have been favoured with the fc,llowing from the
private correspondence of Parbury's Oriental Herald, the
ensuing number of which Magazine will contain full and
interesting details.)
CALCUTTA, JULY 18, :838.--The aspect of affairs at
the present moment is fraught with matter for serious con-
sideration. Whether it be the result of a concerted plan,
or a purely accidental combination of events, it is certain
that we are more or less threatened on all sides. To the
North-west, the movements of Persia upon Herat, and the
attitude of the Sovereign of Cabool, promise to bring to a
speedy termination the oft mooted question of the propriety
of extending our frontier to the banks of the Indus. To the
South-east our new Resident, Colonel Benson, is engaged
in settling the relations, friendly or unfriendly, which are
hereafter to subsist between the usurper of the throne of
Ara and ourselves. Along the eastward line of mountains
we have the Nepaulese,who, by incursions into our territories,
and the dispatch of several missions to Runjeet Sing, are mani-
festing a disposition to put an end to the treaty of amity which
was entered into at the close of the last war. Thus, look which
way we will, we behold a gathering cloud, and it seems
to be admitted on all hands that we have no master spirit
at the head of affairs to avert the storm, or bravely to
breast it, if it bursts over our heads. Ncgociation and pre-
caution are the order of the day, but it is questionable
whether half measures and a temporising policy will at this
juncture prove of the slightest avail. An imposing and a
determined attitude must be assumed at once if we wish to
avoid long and expensive campaigns, and the ultimate neces-
sity for extending our overgrown territory. Thus much of
our foreign relations in this hemisphere.
Of domestic intelligence, nothing has transpired of any
particular moment, if we except the public display, amongst
the Europeans in Calcutta, of hostility to the trade in
Coolies. It is known to a great portion of the British
public, that, since the abolition of slavery in the colonies,
and the proof of the defective working of the apprentice-
ship system became clear, the West India and Mauri-
tius planters have endeavoured to supply the deficiency
of labour by the importation of hill-men, from the
province of Bengal. There is no doubt that this commerce
has been carried on for some time, and has been a source of
considerable profit to all engaged in it, not excluding the
crimps or duffadars—and it is equally certain that the
trade would have continued uninterruptedly had not some
cases of kidnapping at Calcutta—of cruel stowa,,,,es in the
slave ships—of oppression or negligence in the Australian
colonies—transpired almost simultaneously with the receipt
of the report of Lord Brougham's speech in March last on
the motion for the immediate abolition of the apprentice-
ships. These circumstances infused spirit into the public
Journalists, the clergy, and the philanthropists of Calcutta,
and led to a great deal of writing which has terminated in a
call for a public meeting, whereat it is intended to resolve
on petitioning the Legislature to put an end to the traffic.
Of course there has been much exaggeration and idle
declamation in the Papers, but there can be no doubt that
it is the duty of the Government at least to take care that
laws are enacted to protect the Coolie in the place of his
expatriation. The Indian authorities can, it is true, do no
more of themselves than regulate the terms of emigration
hence ; but they are expected to move the home authorities
to step in and provide for the security of the Indian
labourer at Demerara, Guiana, Etc., and for his return to his
family in Bengal at the expiration of his apprenticeship or
term of service. The result of the Calcutta meeting will
be made known in the next overland dispatch.
The Culna affair, of which the particulars are already
before the public, has terminated for the present in the Ma-
gistrate (Mr. J. B. Ogilvy), being held to bail to take his
trial at the Sessions. If it is established that the firing
upon the sleeping followers of Pertaub Chund was the
result of accident and misconception, rather than of the
orders of Mr. Ogilvy, no ill consequences will ensue
to him.

CHRONICLE.—ConsoIs were buoyant in the early part
of the day, and advanced to 94i buyers, but they afterwards
receded to 93i. Various causes were assigned for this re-
action, but none of them appear to have any foundation, and
render any particular allusion to them unnecessary.

The setting in of the rains and the consequent produc-
son of much of the vegetable matter which forms the food
of thousands of natives, has of course arrested for a time,
the devastating progress of famine ; but a return to the
horrors of the past season, must, it is feared, be looked
for when the earth has drank her fill. The deserted state
of numerous tracts once so fertile--the absence of labour,
capital, and seed, which have (more or less) been destroyed
during the famine, will throw the country back for at least
two years. The sum raised for the relief of the starving
people has not fallen very short of twenty thousand pounds,
a sum contemptible enough if applicable to the wants of a
stalwart Europe In, but abundantly liberal when the means
of the contributors, and the wants of the population, are
understood. One rupee, judiciously applied in the pur-
chase of grain will sustain a native tor one month ; conse-
quently 50,000 natives have been saved from starvation for
four months.
The news from the Straits and China is not of material
interest. Piracy, once so rife in the former, has been so
far subdued, that our men-of:war and their boats find but
little employment. The last instance of a rencontre is re-
corded in the Papers. The Diana steamer, a small vessel
built expressly for the service in the Straits, attacked five
prahus with the aid of the Wolf's boats, and destroyed one
—the rest disappeared.
The intelligence from China relates exclusively to the
state of the Opium Trade, which, from the uncertainty of
the ultimate intentions of the Chinese Government, conti-
nues to he a subject of great anxiety. It was expected
that recent arrivals at Calcutta would have sealed the fate
of many of the rash speculators of last year, but, up to this
moment, all parties appear to hold their ground.
The New India Bank does not seem likely to reach ma-
turity. The measures taken by the other Banks to in-
crease their stock have produced a scarcity in the Money
Market, and brought down other descriptions of stock.
The advantages held out to existing Shareholders by the
proposed augmentation of shares, are too great to be relin-
quished for uncertain gains in other establishments.
People in India look anxiously for the decision of the
Government in respect to the establishment of a Steam
Communication with England. The absurdity of making
Bombay the sole port has been clearly established, by the
inconveniences which, under the temporary plan, has been
experienced both at Bombay and Calcutta. At present, a
steamer, all ready for sea, has to wait in Bombay harbour,
until the Bengal, Madras, and Mofussil packets have been
received. This disgusts the Bombay people. On the other
hand, we Bengallees are subject to the annoyance of a slow
post over some hundreds of miles of miserable country, and
all the risks of mail robbery and the assaults of wild beasts
on the dawk runners. Add to this the chance of the
packets (and intending passengers) not reaching Bombay
from this part of India in time for despatch by the steamer
appointed to proceed to the Red Sea.
Of military matters little remains to report. A small
augmentation has been made to the Joudpore and Assam
local legions and corps, and the drilling of the Oude bri-
gade proceeds with vigour. It is said that a large force,
under General Duncan, will take the field after the rains,
but merely with the view enabling Lord Auckland to
make an imposing display on his visit to Runjeet Sing.
The Bonus scheme, proposed by Mr. Stocqueler, the Army
Agent to the Bengal Infantry, has received the assent of
fifty-two regiments. With the exception of four, who dis-
sent, the rest have not sent in their replies.
The following deaths are announced, viz.:—
BENGAL.—William Hunter, Esq., Joint Magistrate and
Deputy Collector of Ghazeepore (killed by a fall from
his horse) ; at Sylhet, Lieutenant J. G. Allardyce, En-
gineer ; at Calcutta, Captain Kirby, Deputy Postmaster,
Diamond Harbour ; at Howrah, Ensign S. C. Hampton,
57th N. I. ; at Patna, the Rev. Charles Rawlins,
Chaplain Bengal Establishment ; at Allipore, Captain
D. Sherriff, 43th N. I.; at Serampare, the Honourable
Capt. Win. Hamilton ; at Moosanuggur, suddenly, It. E.
Loane, Esq., Assistant-Collector of Humeerpore ; at
Muttra, D. H. Crawford, Esq., C.S. ; at Mhow, Lieut.
W. E. J. Hodgson, Horse Artillery ; on his passage to
Singapore, Charles Francis, Esq., Deputy-Collector of
Calcutta ; at Calcutta, D. M. Liddell, Esq., merchant ;
at Delhi, Lieutenant Balders, Adjutant 16th N.I. ; at
Howrah, J. Thomas, Esq. ; at Calcutta, J. D. Watt,
Esq., Surgeon of the ship Justine ; at Mirzapore, Wm.
Barlow, Esq.; at Calcutta, Mr. Thomas Walters, of the
ship Imogene ; Mr. Thomas Francis, of the ship Falcon ;
at Midnapore, Ann, wife of W. P. Pennyngton, Esq. ; at
Asscerghur, Jessy, wife of Lieutenant T. L. Jameson, 3d
N.I. ; at Ajmere, Augustus Vanzeyst, Esq. ; at Cossi-
pore, Abegail, wife of Duncan Calder, Esq. ;at Delhi,
Mr. Parsons, Assistant-Commissary of Ordnance ; at
Dacca, Mr. E. C. Kemp, of the firm of Kemp Brothers,
of Calcutta.
Marotta s.—At Chittoor, Capt, A. M'Nair, 15th N.I. ;
at Madras, William H. Bell, Esq., eldest son of the late
William Bell, Esq., C.S. ; the Rev. Mr. Rhenius, of the
Tinnevelley mission ; Major John Cameron, Acting Resi-
dent at Hyderabad ; at Mutkull, suddenly, Captain W.
T. Pollock, Nizam's Infantry ; at Madras, Lieutenant W.
Marriott, 6th L.C. ; at Bellary, Emma, wife of Major
Simmons, H.M. 41st Regiment.
BOMBAY.-At Baroda, Lieutenant-Colonel Lester, of
the Artillery ; at Poona, suddenly, Lieutenant J. Mor-
phew Brown, European Regiment, Superintendent of Ba-
zaars at that station.
CEYLON.-At Colombo, Colonel Clement, commanding
the Royal Artillery ; at Point de Galle, Willoughby
Smith, Esq., Commander of the bark Soebrow.

POST.—The decline in the Consol Market has influenced
Le value of some of the Foreign Securities.

WEST RIDING RADICAL MEETING.

We have received the report of a Radical Meeting held
list Monday on Hartshead Moor, in Yorkshire, which we
ere compelled to leave out, in consequence of the crowded
state of our columns to-day. According to Mr. Feargus
O'Connor's estimate of the numbers of this meeting, more
than 300,000 persons attended, being (according to the
same authority) " the largest meeting Yorkshire ever
mw," and, of course, it " will dwell in the memory of all who
itnissed it as long as memory may last !" May we venture to
hazard a conjecture that, instead of Mr. O'Connor's count-
less myriads of men, the true total lies somewhere between
s !yen and eight thousand. Seine of the speeches, we re-
gret to state, were not cba.tgeterised by that temperate
tone and calm good sense which are essential to secure slic-
e !ssful results in the prosecution of a great public purpose.

---
SIR D. SCOTT.—This individual, whose claims to
be pensioned on the public have been- discussed to satiety
in the Brighton papers, we hear, by the Brighton Gazette, has
been honoured with a complimentary address signed by
1,122
inhabitants of Br;4hton, expressing their gratification at his-
return to that place, coupled with an earnest desire for tli
resumption of his duties as Chairman of the Brighton Bench
of Magistrate!.

SUMMARY OF NEW 6 FROM INDIA] MONEY AND CITY NEWS.
(FROM THE MORNING PAPERS Cr TEIS BAC)
TIM E S.—The unfavourable nature of the intelligence from
the East Indies, known early in the day, and acted upon by
certain of the speculators, had the effect of causing a slight
depression in the Funds. Consols left off at 93i to j for
Money, and 94 to 4 for Account. India Stock, which has
been receding for a short time past, left off 261 f to 262 f;
Bank Stock was 9031 to 204 i. Exchequer Bills, 68s. to 70s.
premium.
Foreign Securities were all heavy, and the attention of the
jobbers principally directed to the other markets.
Some improvement occurred in Railway Shares. Great
Western were 131 to Hi; London and Birmingham, 83 to
85 ; the quarter shares, 24 to 25 ; North Midland, 2 to 3
premium; Manchester and Birmingham declined, however, to
par to premium. Brighton were 2to ; Blackwall, 1 to
discount; Westminster Bank, 3} to 4; and Londun Joint
Stock, to 3 premium.

HE RALD.—The Money Market generally continues very
easy, but there is, nevertheless, a manifest degree of uneasi-
ness prevailing amongst the jobbers in the British securities
on the Stock Exchange, as well as on the part of the public,
and under the impression that Lord Durham has resigned,
coupled ssith some fears about the final settlement of the boun-
dary question with the United States, there have been some
heavy sales of Consols and the Three-and-a-Half per Cent.
Annuities to-day, which have rather damped the market, and
caused a reduction in the quotations. The Government
Commissioners have again laid out about 10,0001. sterling
in Reduced Three per Cents. to-day, on account of the Go-
vernment, against their annuity transactions, making altogether
since the commencement of this operation a total of 50,0001.
sterling. Their operation to- day caused the Three per Cent.
Reduced Annuities to advance temporarily to 93} ; after they
closed the quotations fell to 93i- a There is an impression
amongst well-informed parties that the statement of a Con-
temporary respecting the operations of the Bank of England
in the funds yesterday is much over-rated.
By the overland mail from India, via Alexandria and Mar-
seilles, papers and letters have been received from Madras to
the 22d of July, and from Calcutta to the 19th of that month.
It appears from the commercial advices that the trade of
Calcutta and Bengal in general was but slowly recovering
from the crisis of 1836-37 ; but though, in consequence of
that crisis, the exports and imports of Calcutta had most
seriously decreased, it has been ascertained that on the ave-
rage of a consecutive number of years the import and ex-
port trade of Bengal had shown a manifest improvement,
which affords satisfactory evidence that, when commercial
operations are not restricted by any of the untoward events
which have convulsed Europe and America, Calcutta is
daily acquiring that strength which its peculiar advantages
so much favour its possessing, and which a regular system
of steam communication with Europe would so materially
foster. The shipments from Calcutta continued to bo
very limited, and the money market was said to be very
dull. The Union Bank of Calcutta was, however, said to
be in a very prosperous condition ; and at a meeting of the
proprietors on the 11th of July it was shown that the amount
of the net profits was 13 per cent. on the last half-year. Tho
dividend had not been formally declared ; but it was expected
to be at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum only, with a view
of creating a reserved fund. The operations in the exchanges
at Calcutta had not been very extensive. Treasury and Bank..
post Bills were scarce. Private Bills were quoted at 2s. 2d.
to 2s. 2fd. per Company's rupee Bills with Documents,
2s. 2d. ; Bank of England Post Bills, 2s. a 2s. Id. ; Trea-
sury Bills, 2s. ld. ; Scotch Bills, 2s. lid. a 2s. lid. ; Liver-
pool Bank Bills, 2s. lid. a 2s. 2d.; and United tates Bank
Bills, 2s. 2id. a 2s. 2id.
The heavy rains had been rather unfavourable to the crops
of indigo, but the weather continued as favourable as at the
above date. The crop was estimated at about one lac and
twenty thousand maunds, though, if the fine weather was
succeeded by more rain, it was thought that the crop
would be reduced to a lac of maunds. Patna opium had
advanced nominally to 1,060 rupees, and Benares to 960 ru-
pees per chest.
