EAST INDIA-HOUSE SALLS.

The following Correspondence was read yesterday at the
East. India4louse Sales. The discrepancies in the last new
duty act, which have tended to impede traders who have dealt
larg.ely.in spices, see said to have led to the correspondence,
which u of considerable importance.
" Office of Committee of l'rivy Council for
Trade, Jan. 11.
" Sir,—lt haviag been represented to the Lords of the
Committee of Privy Council for Trade, that the tnerchants
and others desirous of paying duty on pepper now in the ware-
houses have great difficulty in entering the same, in cont,e•
quence of their not having any certain knowledge of thn
places of production of the different quantities, and their
Lordships being of opinion that a distinction of duty in ai
case applied to pepper imported during a period when no di.-
tinction existed, would operate as a great hardship upon the
holders of such quantities as may be subject to the higher rate,
of duty, I am commanded to acquaint y. u, for the information
of the Lords Commissioners of Ilis Majesty's Treasury, that
under this v;ew of the case the Lords of this Committee are of
opinion that it will in proper to allow all pepper imported ti
places with the limits of the Company's charter previous to the
fith instant, to be admitted to entry on payment of the duty of
Is. per lb. I sin, Sir, &e.
(Signed)
To J. C. Herrin, Esq,"

" T. LACK."

" Office of Committee of Privy Council tur
Trade, Feb. 11.
" Sir—l am directed by the Lords of the Committee of.
Privy Council for Trade to acquaint you for the information of
the Chairman and Directors of the Last India Company, that
it his been represented to their Lordships that at the time of
the commencement of the Act of last Session, 6 Geo. IV. chap.
3, viz. Jan. 6, 1826, by which an increase duty was imposf,l
certain cases, of several sorts of goods imported from 11 ce
within the limits of the East India Company's charter, thut e
were remaining in the warehouse considerable
time when the
lower duty was due. and for which the entries might have been
passed within that time.

" And I am to add, that under these circumstances, thq
Lords of the Committee arc of opinion, that it will be right tA)
&Word the further time of three months, or until the pleasure
of Parliament can be known, for the entering of such goods at
the lower duty which would have been payable upon them on
or immediately before the 6th of January last, the parties giving
bond to pay the higher rate of duty if Parliament shnll su
/Tire.
. 'I am also to state to you, that it is the intention of the
Lords of this Committee to submit to Parliament such an al-
teration of the law in respect to spices, and scvetal other sorts
of goods, the produce of the places within the limits of the DOC
India Company's charter, as that the higher duty, whatever
may be its amount, shall be chargeable only when such goods
are not imported from the British possessions within those
limits, and without adverting to the places of their production.
" I am, Sir, &e.

" TIrOAIAS LACK.
" To Joseph Dart, Esq., Secretary, East India House."

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

EPROM LLOYD'S.]
Mac., Fra.l4.—Wind S.S.W. fresh breeze..—Arrived and
sailed for the River, the Rockingham, Beach, from Bengal,
sailed about the middle of September, from Madras, tett weeks
front the Cape, and seven weeks from St. Helena ; Liverpool
Packet, Netley, from Smyrna; Pallas, Browster, from Bdston ;
Duke of Rent, —, from Petnarnbuen. A homeward.
bound South Seaman passed through, with a flag blue and
yellow quartered with the letter Bon the centre. Arrived from
the River and remain, the Georgian, Warren, for Berbice ;
Tickler, Wright, for.Jamsica; Brothers, &met!, for Gibraltar ;
Skelton, Mathews, for Trinidad ; Dido, Krull, for Bahia ; and
the lithe, Heaviside, for Rio Janeiro. Arrived the Daniel,
front the South Seas.
PORTSMOUTH, Fas. Id.-=Wind S.—No arrivals or Mil..
togs.

•
PLY mount, FEL 13.—Wind S.S.W. Eight o'Clock,
blowing a gale.—Arrived the Sirens, Chase, from Virgir'a in
31 days, for Hamburg!), with loss of boats and leaky. Ilia
Majesty's ship ‘Vairspite, from Portsmouth for India. Passed
by the General Paltrier, with two of the Company's ships for
the East Indict. Arrived from London the IVinsley,' Hale,
and Bideford. Mollard, for St. Michael's ; and Union, Palmer,
for Genoa. Put back the Mica, Ball, for Lisbon.
FALMOUTH, FEB. 13.—Wind S.S.W. frill% sales • and
squally.—Arrived the Camden Packet, from America, sailod
from New York the lath ult., and from Halifax the lath ditto,
with loud boats and other damage in a tremendous gale on the
lit Inst. Sailed the Coburg, Barrett, for Trieste ; and New
Frederick, Quinten, for Cadis; the latter has put hack. Put
in by contrary winds the Company's ship Earl of ilalcarras,
Cameron,
for Bengal and China ; Morning Star, Buckland,
for New South Wales ; and West Indian, Cook, for Antigua..
Lavzstroor., Fts. 111.—Arrived the Loyal Sam, Petrie ;
Nile,
/thermion, Petrie, and Florian, Harrison, front Charleston ; and
Hero, Morris, from St. alichaerr.

LONDON MARKET,,
CORN EXCHANGE, Fru. 16.
The wind being more moderate than of lute, several vessels
have arrived with different kinds of Grain. The Wheat trade
remains very heavy at Mondoy's terms. Barley, Beans, and
Nan continue very dull. These is hale doing in the Oat
trade at Monday's prices.
Aen teaLs—Briglish Wheat, 3,800 ; Barley, 6,000 Oats,
7,400 ; Irish Oats, 1,900 qn. ; Flour, 7,900 sacks.

We understand that it is the intention of the
Lon CIitaNCEI.LOII to appoint Mr. ROClrtri to the
tuation of Matter to the Court of Chanciry. It is warted
that the other vacancy itt the Mastership is already tilled up,
but the name of the fientleman appointed has not yet tran-
spired.
Monsieur yvi eticastAux, the merchant, who was
wounded in a duel with a gentleman of the name of PATTER-
sow, at Blackheath, on Saturday, rilittarwaht the amputation at
his arm on Monday night, in time to
prevent niortitication, but
he still yernains iu a very precarious state.
SUDDEN DEVTiI.—A. respectable woman,
named Williams. walking along Old-stress*
uy
ins, fell down in a Ht. She was earreeyed home, when she e
seized with another, and very. soon Multi. on Monday even.
CHA 111. g, Intuit ID deter.nined that the
lents of Mr. BRAITAII4 shall not He fallow ; wc
understand there is a splendid Opera in prepa.
ration, and another Musical Drama nearly ready
fer representatios, in which BitAIIAM and Miss
PATort are to perform.

l'ilE LONDON JOURNALS.

DA 114 Y

Extracts fi.ent the 31 orni a l'aperx , Feb. 15, 18`26-.

VITE TIMES.] -
The Duke of N. ellington's mission to St. Pe-
tersburgh, though we have repeatedly called' our
political readers to the consideration of it, is of
a natureove assure them, not to' be soon dismis-
sed, but still and forcibly to press upon the pub-
lic attention.- It may be characterized in a few
words as most important, most urgent, though
in its success somewhat doubtful. Recent infor-
mation which has arrived through Berlin would
dispose us to believe that Russian troops have
already passed the Pruth ; who thus, by the
actual commencement of hostilities, may be said
to have defeated one object of the Duke's sego.
tiation—namely„ the maintenance of uninter-
rgpfed pence between the several Powers of
Europe. That much, however, may be hoped
from likit Duke of Wellington, as well as
fearetWom the untoward circumstances which
surround him, we are quite ready to ad-
mit. His Grace is a man of great decision,
of great 'singleness of character, of perfect sin-
cerity of purpose ; who will throw
.aside the
trappings and tricks of diplomacy) and drive
straight forward to his end. He fills a wide
space in the eye of the world—above all, of the
fighting world ; and representing, as he does, the
warlike renown and military power of England,
he bids fair to be listened to respectfully, if any
individual would be so, by a government and na-
tion of soldiers. But, besides the professional'
and moral quality of the Ambassador, there is
something in the very points to be negociated,
which affords us a prima facie ground for Ow-
id a favourable. issue. What ought to be dread-
ed, and what must be prevented, is an attempt
on the part of Russia, not merely to appropriate
Greece, but to save her through the overthrow
of the Turkish empire ; and it is a fair subject
of congratulation, that while every Power in
Europe would array itself against the project,
both of annexing Turkey to the Russian sceptre,
and of extending Russian influence in the form of
a Protectorate over Greece, there is not a single
Power at this moment inclined to discountenance
the emancipation of the Greeks from the Infidels
--not even Austria, whose horror of liberty acquir-
ed through resistance to oppression, has been, we
apprehend, the real cause of their protracted
struggle. Austria is now eager for such an or-
rangementias,by raising Greece to on independent
sovereignty, would take away all pretence from
the Court of St. Petersburg!) for effecting her
deliverance by arms. England and France are
equally animated by the same desire to see Greece
released from bondage. The feelings of Eng-
lishmen upon that question speak for them-
selves, in the bosoms of all our fellow-subjects.
In France,. both parties are favourable. to Gres
cian liberty—the Ultras from religious motives;
the !Attends from sympathies of,anether kind.—
The Greeks themselves have no objection to fall
in with the preferences of Royalist Europe, and
to obey a Constitutional Monarch, whom they
have already offered to select from England,
France, Austria, or Russia. Turkey, again, is
exhausted with this unsuccessful and disgraceful
war, and would offer no shadow. of serious resist-
anCe to the will of the other potentates, declared
through an Ambassador from Great Britain.—
Russia alone remains. Now, even in Russia we'
are told,. on high authority, that the prevailing
passion is not at all for a war against the Turks
with any view to dominion, hut' that it is positive
religious enthusiasm, pouting for the relief of a
nation of fellow Christians—members of the esta-
blished church of Russia-- which imiger opposed
might threaten the existence of the htate. One
thing seems to be clear enough, that Turkey can-
" not now reproach her neighbours in the. east or
west of Europe, with injustice to her in their
efforts to-terminate this wasteful and desolating
warfare. She has had full time allowed her by
the Christian Powers to put down their unhappy
brethren who have revolted from her. She has
utterlyifailedrand still a conflict, full of injury
to all Europe, rages at their threshold*. This,
theo, is a crisis-at whiCh.the belligerent parties
may properly be commanded to lay dowo their
arms ; and ended, we are quite persuaded that
the struggle will be immediately us between the
Greeks and Turks. Nor can we look with con«
temptuotis feelings tit the probable condition
of Greece when restored to itolependence.—
The Greeks have shown themselves n people
of much energy, and of cOnsiderable
re-
sources. Even under the vile slavery of Tor-
key, they contrived to pay an annual tribute of
170,0001. sterling. With regard to the. Duke's
departure, the time of it is' worth observation.
An attack by Russia upon Turkey can only take
place in the opening of the spring. In a country
through which there are no roads, and where no
facility exists for collecting or removing forage,
the cavalry would be without subsistence if it
were not for the early corn. At all events, the
Creeks, we trust, ore on the eve of somethin*
better than either the Turkish yoke or the arbi-
(vary protectorate of Massie. The recent accounts
of their intrinsic moans are mop encouraging than
before ; but it, is not On :thenselVes that they
Heed henceforth place en exclosive reliance. An
ou4-mentatiori of the British naval' force in the
Mediterranean may, we believe, be safely untiais
vitt-A, which will conduce, under, any circum.
stanCeS, to add weight to our demands or admo-
nitions. So studious have Ministers been of the
Doke of Wellington's health and comfort, that
01(1 have prevailed Opolt old rtiend,
1),-. Mime, who knows his constitution, to accom•
patty the tnis,,ion to St.. Pe,tersburgh ; and in re.
compei," for the interruption of professional
practice occasioned by it, though not expected to
list more titan ten weeks, have agreed to pay
down to the Doctor '2,00u1„ it) money, besides
(giving his daughter a pension of 2001. per annum
for life.

[TILE RENtESENTATI VE.I
The inomentbus question which now engrosses
the attention of the house of COllllllOllB and the
''"ItITY at ilirgel altimars to be second only,-In
Anportance7 to the celebrated measure introduced

dig Mr. Peel in 181 Q, to regulate the currency.
Interesting alike to the Members themselves and
to the constituents whom they represent, it is not
therefore to be wondered at, that the late debate

should have called forth a display of eloquence
which dry matters of finance are-seldom
lated.to elicit., The principal speeches delivered
on this occasion will be remembered as Irate-
resting specimens of polished and logical ora-
tory,. long after the circumstances which roused
the the energies of the different speakers
shall have been forgotten. It :is, indeed,
but doing justice to the speakers on the Op.
position side of the question to state, that they
carefully abstained from (flaking any observations
&Ciliated' merely to excite the feelings of the
public ;' as the Right Hon. Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, with his usual felicity, remarked, they
made no attempt to get at men's reasons by ex-
citing their passions.--The overwhelming maks-
rity which supported the resolution proposed by
'the Chancellor of the Exchequer proves how
,deep and: general is the conviction that the
present basis on which our currency rests is
unsound, and therefore fraught with future
danger. On the principle involved in the dis-
cussion there seemed to be ;ft general agreement:
it was on all , sides admitted that a currency,
partly artificial and partly nwtallic, constis
tutee a circulating medium extremely difficult
to manage ; and that every precaution should be
adopted to guard against the' recuvrence of the
sudden fluctuations which have recently created
so much confusion in the money transactions of
this country. Mr. Baring, and the phalanx which
contended under his banner, Aid not venture to
deny the principle as a general proposition ;. they
adopted a safer system of tactics ;. admitting the
principle, they endeavoured to elude its force by
maintaining the inexpediency of acting upon it
practically, in the present embarrassed state of
the country. They said, " your theory is sound
in itself, but to act upon it, at presentris inexo
pedient ; the country is labouring under serious
difficulties ; allow it time to breathe atutreerult its,
wasted strength, and. the 'alteration may then be
more safely effected," To this Mr. Canning, hays
ing on this occasion Mr. Brougham as an able
auxiliary, powerfully and convincingly replied,
that the required delay would be tantamount to
a defeat that • the measure had already been
partly' carried Unto execution ;. that the sniall
notes had already begun to be displaced ; and
that gold had already,. to a great degree, filled
up the place of the paper withdrawn, from circu•
lation. We rather suspect that, although an esti-
mate, founded upon tile Slump-office returns,
may give six millions as an average of small notes
now in circulation, this' is considerably above the
truth. There can be little doubt that the late
panic has caused a large proportion of them to
return upon the hands of the parties who issued
them, and in whose coffers they are now, in con-
sequence, safely lodged. Thus gold hue already
displaced, in a great degree, the' one-poundcoun-
try notes ; and the principal ,object now ,to.
secured is, to prevent them from getting, again
into circulation, and expelling the metallic cur-
rency which at present supplies 'their place. The
only part of the debate which appeared to us
unaccountable, was the ground taken up by Sir
John Wrottesley. He professed to be the advo-
Cate of the cause, and the guardian of the inte-
rests, of the country bankers; and endeavoured'
to induce the House to believe that the proposed
restriction woahl be unjustly detrimental to the
interests of that body. Granting, for the sake
of argument, that the projected alteration would
lessen the profits of the country banker,- still. we
cannot see the ground on which' the Honourable
Baronet eau claim an, advantage to one Class of
men at the expellee of risk and loss to•the rest of
the' community. Rut we are inclined to think,
that if his' advocacy had been successful, he
would have proved hiMself the most fatal
enemy to the real interests' of the clients whom
he has taken under his protection. Sudden fluc-
tuations in the exchangNble value of money
must be peculiarly disastrous to bankers ;- .ands
however severe may. have been the losses sustain-
ed by other merchants• during. the late unsettled
state of. the money-marketr we rather apprehend'
that those of bankers have been' still mom enor-
mous. Withdrawing fronecirculation all notes
under five pounds, will greatly reduce the dan-
ger to which bankers are oxposed. when any sud-
den and • general Call ter specie takes place.
Their profits, no doubt, wilt be somewhat less
soled ; but, to counterbalance this disadvantage,
they will he rendered more uniform and steady,
and banking establishmeuts will in
be secured against the reverses which in many in-
stauces have recently overwhelmed them. In order
to provide for the .engagements
.into which they
had entered, it is a well known fact, that many re.
spectable firms have, in one weekrdissipated the
savings of twenty years. If bankers therefore'
viewed their interests in the proper light, they
would be the warmest supporters of the proposed
measure. We are therefore 'of opinion that the
contemplated restriction will, on mauy grounds,
prove a beneficial measure. By retaining in cir-
culation a sufficient supply of gold to carry on
the money transactions of the country,. it will
protect the
public against those sudden fluctua-
lions. in the exchangeable value of the precious
metals which violently derange the contracts en-
tered into iwtween the members-of the commu-
nity ; and it will effectually shield an useful class
of against the smitten reverses to
which their parliamentary advocate seems, anxi-
ous to leave thorn exposed.

'fl N 1 Es.)
No greater triumph can be achieved by elo-
quence than the giving of interest and enchaining
of attention to topics in theraselves dry and re
pulsive. The speech of Canning on Monday
evening:-exhibited a triumph of this kind, to the
general admiration of all who beard it, anti even
of those w,ho read it in the necessarily imperfect
state of a Parliamentary Report. The eloquent
'and animated manner in which the Hight non.
Gentleman spoke of that spirit of speculation,
which was the chief, if not the only cause, of
the still.existi9 distress, gave to the soundest
and most instructive nripmielit.,oll the force and
brilliancy of the liveliest imagination. A circumzi

stance too occurred which gave a peculiar in-1
terest to this part of the debate: Mr. Canning
took occasion to advert to the period' when
he himself was entering on the stage of busy
life, just as a great and venerated Statesman was
retiring from the stage of human existence. It is
pleasing to see the successive generations of genius
connected together by bonds of personal attach-
ment and we cannot but be gratified in tracing
the friendly,' and as it were paternal, comm►tni•
cations of a Burke to a Canning. The aged
Statesman writes a private letter to his young
friend, and thirty years afterwards that letter is
produced to enlighten and -direct the wisdom of
the British Senate ! Thus the seeds of genius,
scattered as it were with a lavish hand, are never-
theless preserved for the benefit of mankind, and
shoot forth and blossom to the admiration of a
succeeding age!

[MORN ING CHRONICLE;
Mr. Brougham observed on Monday trighti
" that there was a point to which he had been
unwilling to give up his mind, but which had
been forced upon him at length by experience,
namely, that a paper eprrency invertible into
gold could not exit with gold. This was con-
trary to all theory upon the subject, and at va,
dance with all the positions laid down by politi-
cal economists : but it was a truth which he could
no longer resist, that when there was a paper cur-
rency convertible at will into gold, and a gold
currency at the same time, the gold would soon
disappear from the circulation." If any well-
ascertained facts cannot be reconciled with the,
theories of Political Economists, this amounts to
a proof that the theories are defective, and that
on arriving at the conclusions, something or other
has been overlooked. Political Economy is a
science founded on fact and experiment, and as
it is quite impossihre that, in the wide field
which It embraces, namely,- " the production,
distribution, and consumption of those ar-
' tides or products which have exchangeable value,•
and are either necessary, useful or agreeable
to man,f' all the facts and the bearings of
them should at once be ascertained with unerr-
ing accuracy, that sort of dogmatism, which would
not allow the conclusions once embraced to be
altered or modified by the discovery of facts
which had before elude& observation, or of which
due advantage had not been taken, is altogether
out of place. The error committed by matter-of-
fart men or practical men, as they are called, is,
that they do not understand the true bearing of
the facts which they induce; but it does not
follow, because a proper use may not be made of
facts, that a theory irrecoucileable with fact:,
ought to be received.
__a

niRITISII PR Ess.
The French Papers of Sunday are almost ex-
clusively devoted to the speech of the Minister
of Finance in the Chamber of Deputies on the
Budgets of 1824, 1825, and 1826. His remark's
will be rend with interest, as they show that our
neighbours 'have as yet but partially felt the ef-
fects of the crisis which has been so alarming on
this side of the Channel. They seem to congra.
tulate themselves in conscious security, and to
look with a sort of contemptuous pity on those
dangers to which they consider themselves as
in no degree exposed. The AI moister states that
there has been an excess of no less than
4'2,567,102 francs in the receipts above the
estimates ; that part of this has been absorbed by
the extraordinary expences of the troops in Spain;
that 10,800,000 francs have been disturbed ou
the account of the Spanish Government ; but
that, after all these extraordinary expellees, 18
millions are supposed to be the disposable sur-
plus of a revenue above the expenditure. In
consequence of this, a further reduction in the
direct taxes, to the amount of 19,451,750 francs,
is proposed, which, with the former reductionf,-
will make a decrease of above a million sterling.
The difficulty which the French Government
encountered in transferring the Itentes from one
species of stock into. another is ascribed to the
financial and commercial crisis which n as then on
the point of breaking out in this country, and
Which is said to have arisen entirely from ha-
zardous speculation. In proof of this, thir;ie Minil-
ter enters into various details respecting
com-
parative diminution in value which has taken
place in the funds of different countries ; from
which it appears that the French Five per
Cents. have sutrered very little alteration. The
bankers of Paris continue to discount at four per
cent., while those of London and Amsterdam
demand five per cent. Payments of no less than

100,000,000 francs have been made into the
Bank of France since June, with very little
effect on the funds. The expences for the next
year are estimated at 676,032,021 francs, the
Sinking Fund at 238,840,1'21, and the receipts
are expected to amount to 016,603,734. After
the statement of the Minister of Finanse, a de-
bate arose on a projet de loi presented by the
same Miniiter on the indemnity to be paid by
the Government of Hayti to the former colonists.

EssotiNwo rosX.l
We cannot deny ourselves the pleasure of
again congratulating the country on the courage
and firmness displayed by. Ministers hr the course:
they have pursued. Looking beyond the agita-
,tion and difficulties of the moment, deaf in every
timid or temporizing suggestion,, they have
boldly and manfully devoted themselves to
contemplate the original
causes. of the existing
Hdistress—ta devise and propose ,the searching
and efectual remedies by which its recurrence
•may be best prevented. Urged as they have
been by various interests to devote their first
attention to allay the present symptoms of a dis.
ease under which the social body is suffering, they
have had, the wisdom unit the resolution to appi.y
themselves to the lesi welcome but,more salutary
task of eradicating its germs. Aspiring to the
solid and enduring gratitude of the patient, they
have acted in the character of skilful and prudent
physicians,disdaining the transitory plaudits which
the more easy triudiph of the,.empiric might have
. procured them. To meet the pressing exigencies of
the rnoment,.has not been the declared object nor
the main intention of Ministers ; yet we shall be
;grgyitly surprised if it dues not turn out that their

measures are more efficacious in their indirect in-
fluence upon the present condition of the commer-
cial world, than any direct interference could
have been. The great existing cause of distress
is the mordid and irrational distrust of each other,
which has seized hold of the minds of commer-
cial men. What, we ask, can be imagined more
likely to chace away this coward spirit of ap-
prehension than the proud spectacle which Par-
!lament has been called upon to exhibit to
the country ? lies Parliament proclaimed, and
that in a manner more unequivocal than it could
have been proclaimed by words, its unabated
confidence in the energy and the resources of the
country—and shall this loud note of onfidence
cause no correspondent chord to vibrate in the
bosoms of the community ? We do not believe—no
former experience would warrant the belief—that
upon such a subject it was possible for so great a
want of sympathy to exist between Parliament and
the Country. The Country Bankers, just for the
moment, may timidly excite an unusual pressure
upon the public securities, and thns increase the
immediate scarcity of money ; but the Bank of
England, not partaking of their impolicy or timi-
dity, will hate the disposition, as unquestionably
it has the power, to counteract their efforts.
This powerful and beneficial corporation may
perhaps have another opportunity afforded it of
increasing the debt of .gratitude the country
already owes it ;—it will not neglect the oppor-
tunity ; its means are not merely ample—in the
present circumstances, they are unlimited. Of the
two points, air which at all ordinary times caution
is required in the conducting of its affairs, the
security upon which it issues, and the amount of
its issues, the former now only remains ; on the
hitter point, caution would at present be entirely
out of place. 'rhe cessation of all that accommo-
dation which credit supplies in the interchange of
commodities, must have created a real want in
society for an amount of circulating medium, so
vastly beyond the usual and natural demand, as to
remove the danger of excess completely out of
view. The Bank of England will be the more
zealous to promote the restoration of prosperity to
the commercial world, since the obvious means of
doing sce are .'ch as conduce at the same time to
itseown. rie chasm in our circulation which the
limitation of credit has occasioned, however it
rrva y be widened by the proceedings of Country
Bankers, will he
_quickly filloa up by the Bank
of England,. whilst the feeling of confidence, and
the example of energy exhibited by Parliament,
will rapidly diffuse their cheering and renovating
influence throughout the community.

rTIVE PUBLIC LEDG-CR.I
We have received the Paris Papers oft Sunday ;
but, with the exception of a loose paragraph rela-
tive to Russia, copied ton frorn a journal of the
preceding day, they contain nothing to- counte-
nance the sinister rumours current yesterday in
the city. There is not so moth as an all;ision, for
example, to the assembling of a large body of
French troops on the frontier nearest Spain ; and
certainly we are not surprised at the omission,
as it is an incontrotoprale, though humiliating,
fact, that Spain has nht been so tranquil for a'
long time as she is at this moment. How long
this anomaly may last it would be presumption
to say ; but it may bts fearlessly affirmed that
there is no. prospect of the speedy interruption
of ibis tranquillity. In the event of war break-
lug out in any other part of Europe, it is true
Spain would be one of the first ha feel the con-
cussion ;- but this contingency, though probable,-
is not absolutely certain, as every one must
see. In the first place, it alike contrary
to the evishes and interests of the Russian
Government (the only Power to. whom even
the suspicion of hostile &signs con reason-
ably attach) to break with the neighbouring
States. We will even venture to assert, that only
the last necessity—the Ltira necessitas regal—
would impel it to adopt this mode of extricating
itself out of its present embarrassments. The
composition of that Cabinet ofFers another chance
favourable to peace,,as all its Members were se-
lected by the late Emperor, and are retained by
the present, on account of their pacific predilec-
tions. As they would be immediately dismissed,
should a different policy prevail, we have conse-
quently a double guarantee that they will strain
every nerve to secure the triumph of their own prin-
ciples. We are a ware however, if there be any truth

in the accounts that-itave reached us from so many
quarters, respecting the turbulent disposition of
the Russian military,- that those considerations
would not weigh a s. raw in deciding the question
of war or peace.. The paragraph, to which we
have alluded above,' announces the receipt of
fresh intelligence of a most alarming character ;
hut, es it gives no particulars, it must be received
with considernble caution. Moreover, if the
danger were us great as it is usually represented,
it is not likely that the Court of the Netherlands
would risk the personal safety of the heir
apparent of that kingdom, by appointing him
to congratulate -the new Emperor. The same
remark holds good with respect to most of
the other missions which are filled by Princes
nearly allied to the Sovereigns, whose congra-
tulations they bear ; and the safety of the
Duke of Wellington is not held in such slight
estimation by our own Court,• as that he should
be sent on an errand of great risk without any
thing like a contingent advantago. From this
consideration alone, we should be Inclined to
hope that the danger, with which the Russian
Government is said to be threatened, hai been

either exaggerated all along, or is still to be sur.
mounted by wisdom and firmness. Of this, how.
ever, we are certain, as we have already stated,
that the ostensible advisers of the new Emperor
will not yield to the war-cry of the army, as long
as they can oppose it with any prospett of sac.
cess ; and a war, entered Into under these
circumstances; would not promise much honour
or advantage. Though the ardour of the troops
might at first sweep all before it like a torrent,
yet their movements would soon betray a confu.
sion, and be marked by disgrace, if the Court did
not cordially enter into their views. Let us sup-
pose, however, for the sake of argument, that the
Russian Court fully shares in the warlike feelings
of the army, and that it has even witnessed with-
out any serious displeasure the violence lute which

they have broken out in one or two instances,
yet even then it might see the necessity of curbing
its desires. The measures proposed by our
Government, for the regulation of the currency,
if they have no other good effect, are the best
perhaps human wisdom could suggest, to pre-
vent Russia or any other Power from plunging
into a war of ambition. By creating in this
country an extraordinary demand for gold, they
will soon diminish the quantity of this precious
metal abroad to such an extent, that for want of
this chief sinew of war, as it is emphatically called,
ambition, however violent or inordinate, must
content itself to dream of conquest, without
daring however to take any step towards its
attainment.
