THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

. ,
' - COVENT-GARDEN MARKET.
There was a good supply at this morning's market, and
the trade with some things was very dull, but with other's
much brisker than from their quantity could have been
expected. Spinage was higher, Hot-house Grapes lower,
than on this day se'nnight ; in prices of other Fruit and
Vegetables no material alteration. Mulberries aad Green
Gages seen to have quite disappeared.
s. ci. s. d. s. d. a. d.
Potatoes (per mt.) 4oto 8 .0 "Spinage (half-sieve)... 06to 1 0
C'abhaftes (12 heads) 1 0 2 0 French Beans ..........1 6 3 0
Ditto Red 3 0 5 0 Small Onions 1 3 2 0
Cauliflowers . 2 6 5 0 Apples, Common 1 6 0 0
i 9,35 Leuven (score).. 0 9 1 6 Ditto, Choice 0 0 7 0
-ruirseßi.disb (bundle) 2 0 4 0 Damsons 1 6 2 6
Celery ' 1 0 1 6 Common Plums 1 6 7 0
Bros ii
zu.Carrnots (12 bunches) 4 6 9 0 Span. Chesnuts (peck) 3 0 6 0
0 • " 2 6 5 0 French ditto 2 6 5 0
IllOrIS
Coler ..
1, kolas or Greens. 1 0 3 0 Spanish Harlenuts 2 0 4 6
eek.
1 0 1 6 Filberts (121b5.) 7 0 12 0
Grapes
pea(per lb.) 0 6 3 0 Cucumbers (12) •....... 0 6 1 6
prig_ ammmet) )11 0
1 g Etmtoonsmsall (100) 7
0
14
0
Rid .. rill/TB
u erberrits (bushel) 2 6 4 0 English Walnuts 1 0 2 0
-..zlenuts l 0 50
--..._

t per Load of 36 Trusses.)
MISS'S.

HAY MARKETS.—(A
ST. JA.
X. s. X.
4,, *land Mead. Ha) 3 5 to 4 5
it/gall,' Ditto 5 5 10
Ije-BTas3 H
tv Meadow ay
Hay 3 5 4 10
5
s as of each ind . pe load 1
traw stationaryk. Ass moderater s 1

X. s. X. s.
Clover flay 4 10to6 10
Oat Straw llO 114
Wheat Ditto ll4 118

Cower than last quoted; price) of
supply, and a dull trade.
[FIELD.

SMITH
s. £. 8.
tinlvlaod Mead. Hay 3 3to 4 0
iPland Ditto 4 5 5 5
Hay t 5 5 5
ettr Meadow Hay 3 15 4 5
short supply, arnl a very du

X. s. s.
Haygenerally 4 4to 5 10
Do. extra flue 0• a 6 0
Oat Straw 1 8 110
Wheat J)itto llO 113
dl trade, at Thursday's prices.

FISH-MARKET, BILLINGSGATE.
'he market this moning was unusually well supplied
for
Saturday, especially with Turbots and Soles. There
v 4,
du 40 Salmon in the market. The demand for Oysters
rinigi the week has not been great. The following were
rep tes :—...
1,41'n Turbot, each l2e. Od. to 1.58. Od.
ri crtor ditto 5 0 8 0
Fine Cod-fish, each 8 0 10 0
Brill, S('los, per three pairs 2 0 1 0
at:.h
rLiv e 1 iounders per quartern
e Eat per 'slb.
1'.7 - - - ''''' ''' --- - :6 ~), „ per
ergdrauht . ..% 0 0 14 0
gli-e-...zierrings, p hundred
Inc ,obsters, per score 4O 0 50 0
F,2:10r ditto
rtnen.abs (per dozen) 0 0 18 0
scot 2(ar.roeuth Red Herrings, per hundred 16 :II) 211 :))
nutp dltto
Bent .'. it'lekled Herrings 0 0 7 0
lifiuve:mmon Oysters, per bushel
20 0 21 0

S
PRICES OF HOPS (per Cwt.)—Sept. 28.
ussex Ditto . 12a. 41. Cs. to 4/. Os.
ent Pockets
Farnham tesex Ditto 31319.i 66:79.:: 3134. t 0
000 401i51.
125.0
Keot Settnoend 0/: W. 0/. Os to 0/. Os.
Sussex Ditto 3/. 03. V. 10s. to 0/. Os.
Essex Ditto 24 10s. 3/. ss. to 01. Os.
2/. 15s. 3/. 10s. to 01. Os.
Dut •
au! at £130,000.

ENAM. Edtr' ---",-.-------_____-----,..
It oxburglishire, which
name famed in
now gives the titlour literae of sialrint to the Earl of Dudley, is a
te.;
Pretty am),
on the anks of
Eden ((hence laden-bum .or
Ed which rubns into the
Pastoral Tweed, about two mile. below. On the brow of
a picturesque bill, which rises above the hamlet, a monu-
ment to the memory of Thomson was pi p to be
ghbourrtZdasehadv been
erected, and the geutry of the net
wont to hold an annual meeting on the spot, in honoure of
their celebrated countryman. On ,this classic ground it
cannot be too much to anticipate great irnproveints from
fortune of its noble owner.
the fine taste and princely
Literary Gazette.
FELICITOUS SPECIMEN OF THE BATIIOS.
—,Throughout Swift's " Art of, Sinking" there i 3 not a
.snore genuine illustration than the: following. IN author
merits a place in the Dunciad. " Before the Revolution
the Greeks enjoyed apparent independence, but the cruel-
ties exercised by About Nabout upon them in 1822 and
.1623 greatly depressed them, for he not only killed them,
but—reduced them to misery."--Barher's Journal.
Every sensitive bosom must feel for I.e sufferings of a poor.
Greek who is first killed and afteemsrds made miserable.
We should feel very awkward curse/yes in such a pre-'
ilicament.
An old hag, with her son, a bey about twelve
(years of age were accused of being art and part in stealing
as iron grate from an individual in Bridgegare. ~ Have
'YOu ever been before at this bar ?" said the itlagistrate.
„ Once," she believed. " What waa then the char-e a ainst
r 4‘ About this child," answered she, etstigng a
glancePr'u' at a dwarfish infant she had in tier arms. It was
explained that she had not long ago offered the little creature
for sale to a surgeon in town, and at the same time promised'
to supply Min with another of her children. The two
prisoners were remanded.— Glasgow Free .Press.
SUICIDE.
,-Charles Wadsworth, the man
whom we last 'Week stated to have been committed by
G. W. Newt", Esq.- for horse-stealing, hung himself on
Monday twit, by fastening his neck-handkerchief garters
round his neck, and impending himself to the hasp a.
'Window-frame - of
_ n •
.d v frame in his sleeping-room in which he was eon-
ter of the house quite dead,
An Inquest was held
fined; he was found by
gthpeo
in a kneeling
and nearly position. .
on the
'b
' ' d the day,
oy • sameand a verdict• of "Feld-de-se"
. returned.—Stockport Advertiser.

BOULOGNE-SUR-MERE SEPT. 20.—1 t 1r11.184
be admitted that Boulogne had once contracted a very ink
different reputation. if so, the evil has been the work of
fen' persons. No town in England or in France pos-i
seosee more honourable members of society than some that
are to be met with in Boulogne. Many English families,i
to whom a residence here would be a paradise, are frig-ht.
sued away by their own unjust prejudices, or by the mis.
' representations of others. No where can such a number
of conveniences and facilities, for the enjoyment of healt}
and recreatien, be found as at Boulogne. They are within
..ti4e reach of moderate incomes too, which is a matter of
Illvfirst consequence. It is impossible to tell what Bou-
Zni will be by and by, when she falls into the ranks, anti
re.:4llso 411 Ch match of-intellect. ! Butat,present, it is very
enable indeed. Nature's blessings here' are nearly fret
0425! is not craving or avaricious. Boulogne, therefore!
can ,nriltittl'actions to the
"kit of invalid who wants health ;to the
health who wants to keep it—such as few places

FEMALE FASHIONS FOR OCTOBER.

(From the La Belle Assemblec.)

WALKING DREss.7-,A dress of striped bareke ;
pink, on a white ground ; the border finished by one
broad bias fold. Long sleeves ti la Marie, confined
at the wrists by dark hair bracelets, clasped with
gold. The body is made quite plain, but it is al-
most wholly concealed by a mantilla of richly-em-
.broidered tulle, edged round with lace ; as is a
double falling collar at the throat, which is fastened
in front with a rosette of pink ribbon. A Leghorn
hat, trimmed with white satin ribbon, and a short
full plumage of white feathers, with strings floating
loose, complete this costume.
DINNER PARTY DRESS.-A gown of ethereal-blue
levantine, bordered by-three bias folds; each' fold
ornamented with narrow black silk cordon, in points.
The body, en gerbe, with a sash of pink satin ribbon,
stamped with black figures, in imitation of the
French ribbons d la Giree. A pelerine-collar of
the Vandyke fashion, in points all round the edge,
fastens behind; it is of white tulle, richly embroi-
dered, and is surmounted at the throat by a very
full ruff of lace or blond. The sleeves arc short and
full. A hat is worn, with this dress, of white crape
or stiffened net, with ornaments on the crown, en
bateaux, of blue sarsnet edged with blond: among
these trimmings are placed large, full blown Provence
roses. The half-bootS; which are now so much in
vogue in the country, are made to fit as close as
possible : they are of lemon-coloured gros de Naples.

UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

ECCLESIASTICAL PREFERMENTS.

OXFORD, SEPT. 23.—The Rev. E. James, M.A.
of Christ Church, in this University, and Perpetual
Curate of Mortlake, Surrey. to a Prebendal Stall in
Llandaff Cathedral, vacant by the death of the Rev.
Dr. Nash.

The Rev. Edwin Jacob, M.A. has been presented
to the Rectory of St. Pancras, in the city of Chi-
chester, vacant by the death of the Rev. William
Walker; patron, the Rev. George Bliss.
The Rev. H. C. Cherry, M.A. to the Rectory of
Burghfield, Berks.
The Rev. W. Webster, of Jesus College, to the
perpetual Curacy of Preen, Salop.

CHIMNEY-SWEEPERS.

(FROM A CORRESFONDXNT.)

We are rejoiced to perceive by the country papers,
that the cause of humanity towards those poor little
outcasts, the chimney-sweepers' boys, is, though
slowly, yet surely, gaining ground upon the pre-
judices both of sweeps and housekeepers; and, in'
spite of the opposition, cunning, and double-dealing
of the interested, and the apathy of the hard-hearted,
machines for cleansing chimnies are daily throughout
the country getting into general use; instead of the
child. If the good sense and good feeling of the
people of England had not been led too much astray
on foreign and Quixotic schemes, this barbarous
arulpoften fatal .custom of sending children; perhaps,
not seven years old, up foul, twisted, and lofty flues
—this system of disgraceful domestic slavery, under
which young children, If not always stolen, are
bought and sold—let and hired—borrowed and lent
as cattle, would long since have been totally
abolished, and ceased to be a reproach to us as a
humane... Christian people.
At Birmingham, Norwich, Cheltenham, Brighton,
Lewes, Hastings, and Portsmouth, efforts are making
by benevolent public-spirited individuals to intro-
duce Smart and Glass's machines into general use.
In the last named place, Government might greatly
aid the cause of humanity, if the employment of
climbing boys in the Dockiard, Gun-wharf, Vic-
tualling-office, Naval-hospital, Barracks, and Officera'
houses were prohibited, by authority, and machines
ordered to •be provided by the respective. Boards,
presiding over those establishments.

WINDSOR, SEPT. 20.—The KING has every
day during the present week, taken his regular recreation
in his pony phaeton. To-morrow it is expected that his
MAJESTY will leave the Royal Lodge for St. James's
Palace, where it is said he will hold a Council, after which
he will dine with the Queen of WURTEMBERG and Princess
AUGUSTA, at the Duke of CUMBERLAND'S apartments, and
return to the Royal Lodge in the evening.

A Cabinet Council was held yesterday after-
noon at the Foreign Office, Downing-street; the Ministers
present were—The LORD CHANCELLOR, Viscount GODE-
RICH, the Marquis of LANsnowNr, Marquis of ANGLE,
SEA, Earl DUDLEY, Viscount PALstxasToN, Lord BEXLEY,
Mr. HUSKISSON, Mr. IVY NN, Mr. STURGES BOURNE, Mr.
CHARLES GRANT, and Mr. TIERNEY. The Ministers
assembled at two o'clock, and continued in deliberation for
near four hours, not separating till near six o'clock.

The LORD CHANCELLOR, the Marquis of
ANOLESEA, Marquis Of LANSDOWNE, Viscount PALMER-
sum, and Lori BEXLEY, came to town on Thursday
evening, or in the course of yesterday morning, from their.
respective country residences, for the purpose of attending
the Gabinet Council.

A King's Messenger arrived at . the Office of
the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs on Thursday
evening, with despatches from Viscount GRANVILLE, our
Ambassador at Paris, and also from Sir H. WELLESLEY,
our Ambassador at Vienna. An Austrian Messenger also
arrived at ' the same time, bringing despatches for Prince
ESTERHAZY, the Austrian Ambassador at this Court.
The Princess AUGUSTA and the Duchess of ,
GrmucusTzaT, dined in
n comThpean)r cowunitthntzhem?tuNeveEnsoLfoHW,ntini-e
T
E
mBEBe on
Wurtemberg Minister, had the honour of dining with the
Royal party. The Duke of &ism( and the Princess:
Sortilsovisited their illustrious Sister yesterday at the
King's Palace,
St. James's. Lady DARLINGTON also visit-
ed her MAJESTY. Count n'ActzE, the Sardinian Minister,'
the Bishop of • LONDori, Mr. and Mrs. Husxissosr, &c.
were among the inquirers after the health of her MAJEsir.
The hours of attendance for the reception of the names of
the inquirers among the Nobility and Gentry, are from
two till four o'clock in the afternoon, at the entrance to
St. James's Palace, opposite to the Royal German chapel.
The Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE arri-.
red at their residence in Bushey-park yesterday, from the
seat of Earl Dansmar, Cobham-hall, Kent.
The 1
he Duke of Wellington at one time intended.
visiting cotland this seasorZ but the Lord Provost re-
ceived a letter from his Grace last week, regretting that it'
will not be in his power to do so. Sir Walter Scott is to
meet his Grace on his present tour in the North of Eng-
land. —Ca/edonian Mercury.
His Grace the Duke of Portland has appointed
Sir David Scott, Bart., a Magistrate. for the county of
Middlesex, and the Hon. Baronet has taken the oath's ac-
cordingly. —Brighton Gazette. . .
Charles liemble was to have started on Mon-
day for London; but he has delayed going in consequence
of the desire of Madame to see him in one of his best cha-
racters. He will, on Tuesday, play Othello, by desire,
and leave Paris on Wednesday.
On Thursday, Mis'e
Foote, one of the prettiest and best comic actresses 0.
strovent-garden, will make her first appearance in the BilletStratogem,
atogem, a comedy of Mrs. Cowley's. --Journal dei
Debate.
Miss Paton has been residing for some days'
at 15, Lower Rock Gardens, where she-was joined on Sun.: day by Lord William Lennox. The object of Miss Paton',,
'
visit to Brighton is to take baths. 'for the recovery oft her
health. She will remain here;
.we understand, till the
16th, on.which evening she 'makes her first appearance tkie
season at Drury-lane.—Brighton Gazette.
' 'MR. KEAN, Jun.—This aspirant for dramati 1
fame has given great satisfaction to those who have wit
bossed his rehearsals. In the celebrated narration,,eom
mencing " My name is Naval," he ii particularly happy
1
and in the More impassioned scenes he elicits all
,the energi
of his father, whose style of acting the son has 'adopted4
His voice is superior to, that of his father, but accompanied
with a slight lisp. This, however, time and study wil
soon eradicate. ...By competent judges of the theatrical
profession, his success is considered certain.
A correspondent *rites that " a poor mall
nained Ktneedy,:w!ts wq-litid stud murdered on Tuesday
last, on his way to Loughmore (near Templeiriore) fiord
the market of Thurles, and that the perpetrators of the
murder, have as yet eluded the pursuit of justice.-- Tip-
perary Free Press.
