to the demolition of the Methodist chapel in Barbadoes, and the proceedings to which the attention of the House had been drawn ll weeks after the debates upon the case of Mr. Smith, and in-
expulsion of Mr. Shrewsbury, a licensed teacher of religion, first, the unknown persons in Barbadoes who had committed tended to be a law of amelioration. lie then adverted to the
deem it their duty to declare that they view with the utmost the outrage —secondly,-the magistrates, who it was impossible to conduct of the Houses of Assembly of Barbadoes and Jamaica,
amazement and detestation that scandalous and daring viola- say had done their-glut),, or even.seerned sensible of the extent and said that he could have little hope for the future by looking
tion of law ; and that they beseech his Majesty to take such of it—thirdly, the Governor of the island--and fourthly, the at what they had already done. The Duke of Manchester in one
steps as shall secure the reconstruction,- of the chapel at the ex- Home Government. He was disposed to view the conduct-41f off-his dispatches stated, that he •expeeted much good from a
pence of the - colony of Barbadoes, and to assure his Majesty the Governor with great rnduigence. He thought he ought not Hill which had been brought into the (louse of Assensnly of
that this House will afford him every akisistilitiol which may be to be blamed for not having called out the military force, when Jamaica, and which, from the respectability of the parties
required in order to prevent the recurrence rlsoch outrages; his legal advisees were of opinion thathe had not authority th old introducing at, _he expected to pass. What was the result !
and in order to.sevie ample protection and religious toleration so. The Governor did not seem to have been aware of the ex- the hill was read a first time, .bu t when it came to the second
to all his Majesty's subjects in that part of his dominions." . tent of his authority, but being advised from home that the liMits 'reading a division took place, -arid: the numbers were thirty-
Mr. WI LmoT HORTON would confine himself to such of his authority were wider than he supposed, he had subse- six against the motion, and one, being the Hon. Mover, for it.
a statement as might possess the
_House with a knowledge of quently she.wnoehery disposition to exercise -that authority to.-It was true. that other_lhille had been passed, but they were of
the real condition of the island to which the motion of the Hon. its utmost extent, and which he had done so effectually as to little or no good to the slave; certainly they were of as much
Gentleman referred, at the time the facts in question occurred, prevent any repetition of the outrage. With respect to the home advantage to the master as to the slave. The masters had done
in order that the House might be the better judge of the on- Government, it was impossible to charge it-with remissriess.7, nothing and would do nothing. They had made promises,
ginal causes which had led to such unhappy results.—(Hear!)— Cord Bathurst had dope everything in his power to prevent which promises they had broken. They had received warnings
In doing so, however, he hoped, to induce them to conspire a repetition of the scenes vAiicli had occured, by calling on from that House and at their own doors, but those warnings
with him the attempt to deduce some measure of a preventive the Governor to_ exercise extended -authority, to pronounce they•had neglected. Now he would make a promise which he
and conciliatory nature, and calculated, therefore, to produce animadversions on the Magistracy, and to require a more cc- would not break. He promised that very early in the next Ses-
good
understanding and harmony in the colony hereafter, and curate investigation of the manner in which that body dis- sion, unless something substantial should he done between this
to obviate the future recurrence of such evils, rather than at- changed its duty. The Honourable Mover said, that the Na. anti then, he would bring in a Bill which should be directed
tempt to follow step by step the minute and generally accnra-e gistrates had been punished in no way except by being repri- to these objects : the admission of negro evidence—the abolition
statement of facts which the Hon. Gentleman had' made.— mended by the Governor. Looking on the face of the papers, of the labour of women in the field—the discontinuance of the
(Hear!)—He deprecated any proposition that was calculated to it certainly did appear to him that many of those Magistrates
I use of the whip in the held, the removal of the adstriction of-
awaken a feeling of mutual animosity between parties who had should be removed from their offices to make way for others. , slaves from the glebe—the prevention of all persons having mort-
already proceeded to such extremities. The Hon. Gentleman —(Hear, bear,
inhear !)—But he did not know enough of the ' gages upon West India property from holding offices in any of
had endeavoured to establish an analogy between the cases of state of society Barbadoes to authorize him to believe, that the islands—and, lastly, to consider the course which may be
Mr. Smith and the Barbadoes Magistrates ; but on his own if the present 'Alagistratett were displaced, other persons most fit to take for slowly, gradually, and safely preparing for
showing it must have appeared to Hon. Gentlemen that no such could be procured who would discharge the duties of their the final emancipation of the Negro Slaves, lie pledged him_
analogy could be sustained. And it was moreover to be observed, offices better. lie -thought the Honourable Member asked self, that if he. should not be present, this would be done by
that in the case of Demerara a Particular state of slavery exist- I a little. too much for the Wesleyan Missionaries. He was others. If he did it, it would be with the support of the coun-
ed, and a particular law applicable wit, that had received our I not inclined to disparage the efforts of those persons ; they had try, and with the concurrence of his Hon. Friends who were
sanction for. many year~past. The bearing of that system and I certainly effected much good ; . but he would not confine the interested in this most important question.
that law on Mr. Smith's case could not be analogous to the pro- education of the slave children to them alone.—( Hear !)—The Mr. BE RNA I. complained heavily, that after the general
ceedings of the Barbadoes Magistrates, or the proceedings of - Hon. Mover had referred to some sentiments which he had ex- temper with which, on all other hands, the subject had been li
the council in respect of them. If it could he shown that the pressed on a fanner occasion, and inferred that they applied to discussed, the on. Member for NVinchelsea should have made
si
irritation which had.been so evinced in Barbadoes ag.tinst Mr. the present case: that he must deny. Ile had always said that such a speech as he had clone upon the present occasion.—
Shrewsbury and those-of his profession generally, was a feeling a case of contumacy or resistance on the part of the West India When so much effort was used to cast odium in the public eye
mixed up with that sort of anxiety about the fate of property Colonies might arise, which would induce Ministers to call upon West India proprietors, certainly the least that they could
which was so natural to all men, that again would go to make upon Parliament to exercise its authority; but he must main- expect was to have some notice when, and how often, they
the present case one that was to he considered on its own Pe- thin that the present case was not one of that description. It were to be put upon their trial. But no man alive, from the
culiar grounds. Now with respect to Mr. Shrewsbury himself, was merely-a Case Of misconduct, arising out of misadvice.— motion before the House, could have anticipated such a debate
he did not for one moment mean to raise any argument against The fault was to he found in the. Governor not having used the as had taken place ; and if the Hon. Member for Winchelsea
the respectability of that individual. He felt no doubt on the powers which be possessed ; and. his apology was, that he did thought the course which he was taking was a course favourable
subject.—!Hear, hear i)—The testimonials to which the lion. not know he possessed them. Was he (Mr Canning), however, to the interests of humanity, he (Mr. Bernal) would tell him
Gentleman alluded came from individuals of high character, and disposed to pass over the outrage which had been committed that he was entirely mistaken. The Hon. Member sat down
were therefore entitled to every consideration anti all possible without obServation a No such thing. Though lie did not by declaring that, for the labours of the missionaries in the
weight. At the same time it was tolerably evident that the think the case was one which called for the exercise of such West Indies, looked at collectively, no one had a greater respect
people of Barbadoes might have considered themselves likely to authority as the resolution of the Hon. Mover indicated, he than he had.
be prejudiced by the conduct of Mr. Shrewsbury; for one thought it was one on which it was fit that the Hotise of Corn- Mr. 31 k NNING defended the character of the inhabitants
month only after that gentleman's arrival in the island lie mons should express its opinion—not in censure of the Governor, of Barbadoes,' and drew some parallel between-the riot which
wrote -a home a • letter to the Wesleyan Missionary So- for the Hon. Mover did not mean to blame him, nor the home had occurred there, and those which had taken place in London
ciety, containing some severe strictures on the state of re- Government, for that confessedly had clone every thing in its in the time of Lord George Gordon ; but the Hon. Gentleman
ligious and moral instruction as then existing there. These power, but—in ail of that Government, and to prove to the Co- spoke in so low a tone of voice that scarce any of his observe-
remarks, which reflected on sonic of those who were con- lonics that the House of Commons approved of what the Govern- tions reached the gallery. He believed the real cause of the
netted with that prevailing system, did accordingly expose Mr. ment had done, and were ready to give it their support, if neces- disturbance in' Barhadoes to have been that which had been
Shrewsbury to a good deal of observation in isarbadoes. He sary, in what any future exigencies might require to be done.— described by the Right Hon. Secretary (Mr. Canning.)
himself put up a copy of his letter in the public commercial (Hear !) He had prepared an amendment to that:effect, which he Mr. CANNING said, that at the time referred to by the
room there ; a step which some were not backward to consider would read to the House. " Resolved, that this House, having lion. Member (the riots in 1780) the law for a time had been
almost as a step of defiance. As to the chapel itself which had taken into its most serious consideration the papers laid before dified ; but every exertion had afterwards been made by the
been destroyed, he (Mr. XV. Horton) would just mention, by them relating to the demolition of a Methodist chapel at Bar- community to bring the offenders, and many of them had been
the way, that three-fourths of the cost of its re-edification, and badoes, deem it their duty to declare, that they view with the so brought, to justice. The case of Barbadoes was extremely
of the minister's stipend and support, had been subscribed in utmost indignation, that scandalous and daring violation of the different: a great outrage had been perpetrated ; and although
Barbadoes alone. The Hon. Gentleman then adverted to the law ; and having stet with great satisfaction the instructions it must have been done within the knowledge of half the intim-
difference observable between that resolution of the Wesleyan which were sent out by the Secretary of State to the Governor lotion, not one individual had been brought to account. Now
Society of Jamaica which declared that the Society did not con- of Harhadoes. to Prevent the recurrence of aimilar outrages, do he was hound to say that the state of society in which such a
Sider it incumbent - upon them, in a slave country, to interpose most humbly assure his Majesty of their readiness to concur in result could appear was not a sound one.
in the laws, .&c., respecting slaves; and the resofution of a every measure which his Majesty shall deem it necessary to re- Dr. LUSH INGTON thought that the llon. Member for
very opposite tendency, of the Home Wesleyan Soci ty. These quire for securing ample protection and religious toleration to Lymington (Mr. Manning) had made but a poor defence for
differences wer. calculated to excite a degree of alarm in the all of his Majesty's subjects in that part of the empire.."— the people of Barbadoes, whose supineness under what had -oc-
minds of the West Indian colonists, lest the proceedings of the (Cheers.)-1 Hon. Mover would see that the principal digs curred placed them in a very little better situation than that of
missionaries should some day involve the property of the ference between the amendment and the original resolution (ex- accessories after the fact. The short truth, however, was this,
pheaters and whites in irretrievable ruin. The only practical cepting in what related to the rebuilding of the chapel) was the he did hope to see au amended conduct about the Barbadoes
question to be considered, in respect of that part of the subject, substitution in the former of " indignation" for " amazement Assembly sonic manifestation- of repentance, anti of a feeling
was -this—Were Gentlemen prvparcd at once to do away anti detestation."—(A latigh.)—lie believed the substituted of the duties they owed to justice and humanity ; but the truth
with a certain mitigated system of slavery, which they had phrase was the more parliamentary, and at all events it was on was, that the fault lay essentially in the condition of the parties
sanctioned for so many years ? Be could- inform the lion. the present occasion the most correct ; for it was somewhat ex-
-Gentleman that it was not the intention of the Attorney- traordinary that the Hon. Gentleman would declare his amaze- governing, and the parties governed. Whoever attempted to
legislate upon a system of slavery, built upon a foundation which
General at Barbadoes no take any steps until the opinion nient at an event, than which he had stated, both at the outset
Gen-
of the Government should be received by him. ' e repeated and the conclusion of his speech, that he had never expected wits sure to give way under hint. The Hon. anal Learned
H tleman further observed, that the confidence which he could
that he would not hesitate to assert .that a scandalous outrage any thing else.—(A laugh.)—The part of the original resolu-
had been committed (hear); and much as he deprecated it, he 1 lion which pledged the House to take steps to procure the rccon- have been inclined to place in the conduct of the Bishop of Ja-
notice was much lessened by that reverend person having given
could not but see that its imniecliate cause was in the strong 1 struction of the chapel at the expense of the colony, involved a an official appointment to Mr. Brydges, who was known to the
prejudice which existed on the part of some of the proprietors t principle which ought not to be approached but with the greatest
world'in no other character than as the libeller of Mr. Wilber-
of the estates against the' interference of the Wesleyan missio- I caution and deliberation. There were not many instances in the force.
naries. The reason of this prejudice was, that they found them 1 history of this country of penal inflictions on large anti distinct
opposed to the erection of churches and to the education and re- parts; of the. empire. In out internal history, the proceedings
• said that the Right lion. Se-
Air. Vt:IL, 3_19 T. NORTON said. a few words in explanation.
Mr. I. LUX I ON, to.reply, ...
ligious instruction of the negroes in the manner proposed by l which grew out of the POrtetta riot at Edinburgh was, he bc-
the establishment, although they were themselves engaged in ; lieved, almost the only instance of the kind ; and in our eater- I had acted
cretary threw a heavy imputation upon the population of Bar-
betides when he objected to removing. Magistrates v.v„.o
l
exactly similar pursuits. The proprietors preferred theinstruc- I, pal history the nos on Import Bill was the only one which oc- find
tion of the .Ministers of the Establislinrent to those of the Wes- I curred to hirn, and 'Alai. could not be considered a very auspicious
others who would not perhaps do worse.
obviously ill, upon the ground ;hat It might be. drfocu t to
leyan Methodists, because the former inculcated the doe- , indication ,ti precipitate legislation. It would not become
tnnes of peace and civil -obedience on the part of the. slaves; I Parliament ti set such a question afloat, unless they were pre- The Address was then put, and agreed to without a division.
CRUELTY TO ANIhIALS.
and the latter preached to them principles which, perhaps, r pared with every feeling of their hearts, and every nerve
from being imperfectly understood by the slaves, led Ire- of their frame, for the utmost consequences. The principle Mr. MARTIN, in rising to withdraw his motion for a Corn-
quently to discontent and sometimes to disorder. The Hon. ought to remain passive in the omnipotent bosom of Parliament, mission of Inquiry into the effects of bear-baiting, took occasion
Gentleman then quoted-the statement, on oath, of Mr. Hines, and never be brought into action till the legislature was pre- to observe that bull-baiting was prohibited by an existing law;
of Trinity College, Cambridge, who had been in the West paired at all-risk to push it to the utmost extreme. There at least the Right lion. the Attorney-General had told him so.
Indies, and who said that he had applied frequently to pro- was another reason why the amendment was preferable to the That Right lion.. Gentleman had his (Mr. hi.'e) two guineas
prietors for permission to: instruct their slaves in the prin. original resolution—namely, because it approved of the con- in his pocket for his opinion.--(Laughter.)—The . guinea s were
ciples of religion, and that he had upon almost all occasions duct of the home Government. The effect of passing any reso- certainly good ; he was not sure that the opinion was equally
iso..
been .favourably . received. He had seen great zeal displayed lution-which did not contain an approval of the conduct of the —( Laughter.)—lf the Right Hon. Gentleman should in
heits
speech contradict his written opinion, he might rest sure
by the proprietors in furthering his intentions, and knew that I Government, would be to impeach that conduct n oral he was
many of them read prayers and explained the Scriptures to their' sure that it was not the 'intention of the Hon. Mover to do any should be sliewn up in every newspaper in London to-morrow.
slaves. He added, that he believed the general sense of the such tiling. Believing, therefore, that the amendment was in —( Laughter.)—Bulls were defended ; they were a privileged
class; why not beers ? Ile hoped the Right Hon. Secretary
planters was much in favour of their slaves being instructed in every respect More fit for the purpose which the lion. Gentle-
for the Horne
religion, if it were performed by a Member of the Establish. man bad in view than his own reselution, he would, conclude Department, who ought by his office to be the
sloes
regent of
sin ttrlotielpuecoinpeg a'syrn,emarsaulrse,
ovnsotuhled
subject.
tioecprse him next
ment. This, the lion. Gentleman observed, was in direct con- by moving that it be adopted.—(llear !
Ses-
tradiction to the statement in the Missionary Report. He could Mr. BUTTER WORTH expressed ilis surprise, as was un-
on the ground that there- was no question before the House,
offer no apology for the conduct which had been pursued in derstood, that the flight lion. Gentleman- should imagine that The a PEA K Elt having called the Hon. Member to order,
Barbadoes, tout which had given rise to this motion.. He be- the conflagration of the chapel was occasioned by the publica-
liened, however, that the actors in that outrage, although they tion of Mr. Shrewsbury's letter. • .111 r. 111 ART IN moved for leave to withdraw his motion.
might have been under the influence of sonic moral dementa. Mr. CAN NINO slid that the Hon. Member had misunder- A seconder having been found after some minutes,
Lion, had not been actuated by any want of respect for religion. stood him. When be spoke of a" firebrand," lie did not mean Mr. Secretary PEEL would not promise his' support to his
He hoped that the proof which it afforded of en angry and dan- that the letter had actually set fire to the chapel.—(Great lion. Friend's motion, nor would he declare his intention to
gerohs spirit would have the effect of inspiring the religious laughter.)—The lion. hienaber appeared to have got that idea oppose it. All he could say was, that he would attend in his
missionary societies with some caution, and induce them to into his head ; for he founded his argument on the supposition place at the discussion, and give all his attention to his Hon.
Friend's arguments.
endeavour to disarm that spirit by Measures of conciliation.— that the chapel had been burnt down by a letter which Was
(Hear !) writtet three years before that event took place.—(A laugh.)—' OFFICERS ON HALF-PAY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. W. SftITII said, that, not for the sake of the Wesleyan The way in which the (Mr. Canning) had intended to show that Mr. H U3I El moved that there be laid before the House, a
:Missionaries, but for the honour of the country, he thought it the letter had operated was, that it made Mr. Shrewsbury the return of the number of officers of the army on half-pay, in the
necessary that a lesson should be read on this occasion to the object of persecution. months of March, 1822, and 1825, distinguishing those on the
inhabitants of Barbadoes, who had displayed so dangerous and Mr. IWO [hi HA Al said, that he preferred the Amendment old and the new rates of half-pay, thereto of each class, and the
outrageous a spirit. The letter of Mr. ShrewSbury, which had
of the Right Hon. Gentleman to the Address proposed by his amount of the pay of the whole for one year; also for an ac-
been the pretext of their attack on his chapel, contained some Hon. Friend, because it abstained from recommending that the count of the number of officers on full pay at the same period ;
allusion to the white population of the colony, who were spoken pasties should be compelled to rebuild the chapel, which might alsO for an account of the number of commissions in the army
of in terms of censure, it was true, but a censure which was involve a very important and dangerous principle. He ridiculed 'vacant %chitin the same periods, distinguishing those whictahad
repeated in touch stronger terms by every writer who had the idea of resistance on the part of the West India Colonies, been filled up from the half-pay list.
described them. lie did not believe, although this letter but deprecated any adoption of a principle from which such - Lord PA LMERSTON said he had no objection to the too-
was used as a pretext, that it was really the inducement to disastrous results had arisen. The Honourable and Learned tion.—lt was then put, and agreed to-
commit the outrage. He believed ratter it was spite and Gentleman then proceeded to remark upon the difference in the COMBINATIONS AMONG SHIPWRIGHTS AND
ill-nature against me sect to which Mr. Shrewsbury belong- tone of the speeches of the Hon. Secretary for the Colonial lie- • SEAMEN.
ed, and which wanted only an occasion for breaking out. He partment, and the Right lion. hecaoary of . State for Foreign Mr. HUSKISSON moved the third reading of the Ships'
repteinbered that in Jamaica an attempt had been some years Affairs. lie supposed tile difference arose from the latter Right Registry Bill.
ago made to put down the Methodists by refusing licences to lion. Gent. having to brave the Holy Alliance, whilst the lion. The bill having been read a third time, the Right Hon. Gent.
their preachers. He, with others, waited upon the Minister Colonial Secretary was only in the habit of bowing to these said he had two clauses to propose by way of riders. It was
of that day, to complain of so unjustifiable an infringement agents or Governors of the affairs of the west India Islands. well known that by the navigation laws, as they now stood,
of the principle of religious liberty, and in consequence of The consequence of this was, that the Right Hon. Gentleknan British ships were not allowed to repair in foreign ports, unless
that application, orders were immediately sent out to rescind had gallantly denounced the parties concerned in this outrage, the master or owners declared that such repairs were abso-
the measures which had been taken, and from that time to the or in permitting it to take place with impunity, while thh Hon. lutely necessary for the safe performance of the voyage ; and
present, no attempt had been made to interfere with the chapels Secretary only found it to arise out of some little amiable then the -repairs were limited to barely what were necessary for
in Jamaica. There was a striking difference between this pro- excess of feeling, some slight indiscretion, springing from a the voyage. It was also a part of the navigation law, that no
ceeding, unjustifiable as it was, and that which had been adopt- strong sense of the sacredness of the right of property. But British- ship should proceed on a voyage, out or home,
ed at ksarbatioes. He was as desirous as any person could be, in their high-wrought sensibility for the preservation of this unless three-fourths of her crew consisted of British seamen.
that conciliation should be in all cases-first resorted to; but it right, they must destroy, and pull down and exterminate the —These were regulations which lie did not wish to destroy,
had now been tried more titan 12 months, and had produced no property:of Mr. Shrewsbury. So that according to the Hon. as their tendency was for the general benefit of the coun.
good result. Those decided measures were necessary in order Secretary's dOctrilie, if one man were not contented as to the try ; but circumstances might arise, and some were now in
to prevent worse consequences, and he saw no objection which safety of, his own- purse without going and taking that of aim- actual operation, which would render the strict enforcement of
Friend respects of great injury to the commerce
could reasonably be made to the motion of his Hon. (Mr. the'', he woultbe guilty of a trifling indiscretion, a little excess the law in those two resp
Buxton.) . the merchant
of feeling, in his zeal for protecting the right of Property. Thus of the country. At this very moment
London, wereput great '
Mr. BUTTERWORTH bore testimony to die good char to protect their own property, these people took the precaution particularly in the port of
ratter of Mr. Shrewsbury, and defended the general conduct of to lay hold of and destroy that of the methodists, and this, too, nience, indeed were likely to be severely injured (unless aortic
the Wesleyan Missionaries in the West Indies. was said to be done for the triumph of the true religion. Un- timely remedy was devised,) by the coinbinationsamong the ship-
Mr. CANNING said that die lion. Member who spoke last doubtedly many excesses were sometimes committed under the wrights. These combinations did not arise from any alleged
had referred to the speech of his Ilon. Friend behind him (Mr. name of liberty ; and, as it appeared, the still "more sacred deficiency of wages, (for with what was now paid the men were
W. Horton), as an intended justification of the proceedings name of religion was also abused for the same purposes. But satisfied), but from an objection taken by them to particular
which had taken place at Barbadoes. The um. member he believed that the name of religion was never so prostituted- regulations in the several yards. The consequence was, that for I
must have given the speech of his Hon. Friend that designa- as in this particular instance. The Hon. member had said that sonic months Past no ships were repaired in the river. It had
don by a mere slip of the tongue, for lie was convinced that it,
wasi the duty, of the House to protect the Church. So it was. occurred to hunt in the Committee on the Combination Laws,
r
upon a little reflection he would perceive that it was by
-10 1.u., he ',egged to say that it was their duty to giVe protection that some immediate and decisive step should be taken to cure
means applicable. With respect to the acts which were de- to the Sects also. The Church might be very well suited so great an evil. e w the last ma to ropose any measure
Glared in the papers. before the House, it was impossible that to this country at home, but the misfortune was,that it was which mig
there could be but one opinion. They were unjusti ht be an inas fringement on on ur Npavigation L a
tinni „nd not at all adapted to the state of our Colonies, and the negro those laws would be injurious, if allowed to prevent the remedy
indefensible—a violation oh law—a defiance of authority—a fly slaves could not be taught by the Church. The very refine- of so.great an evil as that to which he alluded. The combinations,
lag in the face of Parliament and of the country.—( II ear !) ments which its Members acquired at Oxford and Cam- as he had stated, were not for a rise of wages, but the men were
He did not hesitate so to characterise those acts; and if he dn.- bridge disqualified them from being fit tools with which prevented from going- to work by the authority exercised over
fered with the Hon. Member opposite, as to the mode in which to work out the religious instruction of a bady of black slaves them by certain clubs, and unions, committees of which were
the House ought to proceed, that difference was founded on in Jamaica. The question, therefore, was not whether the t daily sitting. Now, it was the duty of the Legislature to show
practical considerations, and not upon a wrong estimate of the slaves should be instructed by the Church or the Sects, but to those parties who thought that they must succeed, as they
acts themselves. He admitted that it was the duty of Par_ whether they should receive any instruction at all. It was, had the power of refusing to work, that they were not without
'lament to guard against the recurrence of the causes which consequently, of the highest importance that the Sectarian hlis- ; the means of applying a remedy to this evil, by allowing ships
might produce similar acts. The case of Mr. Shrewsbury had sionaries should.be protected in the performance of that duty.— 1 which were prevented by the combinations from being repaired
been likened to that of Mr. Smith, but there was this striking The Hon. and Learned Gentleman then read passages from a, in the -river, to proceed to some foreign port. This was a
difference between the two nases_withhot wishing to say any Report made by the Bishop of Jamaica, and commented upon ineasnre which the shipwrights did not contemplate. They.
thing harsh of Mr. Smith—that in the conduct of air. shrews- them in a strain of ridicule. To effect the purpose of religious innTemed, that, as the law now stood, they must succeed,
bury it was impossible to find any cause for blame whatever.— instruction among the slaves, he would rather have the labours al indeedh lie had heard of its being declared amonst them,
(Hear I)—Allusion had been made to the letter written by Mr. of Mr. Shrewsbury, or Mr. Smith, if he had not met so unfortu- ti at t e present struggle should be a trial bet s s een capital
Shrewsbury. tie admitted—it was impossible to deny—that lie nate an end, for one veer, thanhhose of the whole Hierarchy, and Physical strength. He would, therefore, propose a
was perfectly at liberty to write such a letter ; but he could not if they were all like the new Bishop of Jamaica, for fifty.— clause, that, for a limited time (for he hoped that in a
help declaring, that in his opinion nothing was more likely to The Methodists were the only persons capable of perform- short period these men would be induced to see sink error,_ and
paralyze the efihrts of Mr. Shrewsbury than time publishing and ing a dutye which- was admitted on all hands to be desirable. the ruinous consequences it entailed upon themselves)—lie
sending of it out to Barbadoes. The object of Mr. Shrewsbury For these reasons he should join in reprobating the indecent would say for two years—the King in council shouldsi
havethe
in going to Barbadoes was to stern the prejudices which pre- and abominable persecution of which Mr. Shrewsbury had been power, when a sufficient representation was made of the na.-
veiled against the sectarians, and before he had been in- the . the victim. The Hon. and Learned Member then spoke of the bility to procure repairs in a British port, owing to any combs
_
: island long enough to effect. that object his letter was sent out severity oldie existing laws, which rendered a negro punishable nations among shipwrights, to allow British shiphotou.be n
old
and circulated there ; it was like throwing a firebrand among iby death as a felon for what in England would be a common for repairs to a foreign port. This,•
hehhd no d bt, w_
the Barbadians. There were several patios connected with the I assault. This, he said, was a law ofpassed within six teach the • injuring
1h24,
only themselves
