LORD COCHRANE.

COPY OF A LIMIER PROS! LORD COCHRAHT, TO HIS lIIHHHYSS,
NtOItA3I/KHD ALIT PACHA OF ItHYPT.

Your employing foreigners in your military and naval service,.
the privilege which. you claim anti exercise of building and equip,
ping ships of war in neutral States, and of purchasing steam-
vessels, and hiring transports under neutral flags, for hostile
purposes, and to transport to slavery a people whom the
Ottoman arms have never• yet been able to subdue, warrants a
belief, (whatever your sentiments may be), that the civilited,
edticated, and liberal portion of mankind will be gratified,
that succours, similar to those which you have unfortunately
obtained hitherto from those States, are now about to be af-
forded to the brave, the oppressed, and suffering Greeks ;
nor will the advantage derived be wholly theirs ; for un-
til you shall. cease, or he forced to abandon your inhuman
traffic in Christian slaves, and the commission of cruelties which
stain the character of man, your subjects must inevitably continue
barbarous—a state from which it would be a source of great grati-
fication to contribute to release. them.
It is true that the Christian world have not of late contend-
ed in arms with those of your faith, on points of religion ;
they have not, however, fallen into a state of apathy so great as
to see unheeded the perpetration of those enormities which
you are daily committing on their Christian brethren ;• a senti-
ment with which no feeling of animosity towards you, or to-
wards your people, is combined, but on the contrary, a desire
to render you every good service consistent with that duty,
piramonnt to all others—namely, to wipe out the stain from
the civilized world, of unfeelingly and inhumanly co-operating
to exterminate, enslave, and transport to bondage, a whole
Christian people ; and such a people, the • descendants of those
Greeks, whose genius laid the chief foundation of literature and
the arts—who reared those noble monuments and edifices, which
time, and the more destructive barbarian hand, have yet failed
to destroy, and which, compared with the wretched hovels of your
hordes, may better point out to you the elevation they attained, and
the prostrate state in which your people are—owing, alas ! to the
banefid effects of bigotry and despotic sway. Surely, surely there is
ample field for the exercise of your energies at home, in encouraging
industry, the arts, and sciences, in promoting the civilisation of your
people, and in enacting equitable laws for the security of persons
and property ; on which basis the national prosperity of all coun-
tries must rest. But should .your ambition, not content with be-
stowing blessings like these on your native land, lead you to sou•
almost above mortal acts, distant oceans would unite, and the ex-
tremities of the globe approach at your command ; thus might your
name he rendered immortal, and Egypt again become the empo-
rium of commerce, anti one of the richest and happiest nations
upon earth. How infinitely great the glory of such acts ! How
despicable the fame of a tyrant conqueror,—the ruler of slaves !
It would be pleasing to support you as the author of great and
good works ; but it is shameful to permit your present proceedings,
and dastardly to leave the unfeeling apostate sons of neutral and
Christian nations unopposed, aiding to perpetuate barbarism for
horrid gain, drawn from the price of Christians torn from their
homes, and sold as slaves in foreign lands.
Against these atrocious men, my companions and myself east
the gauntlet down, and will contend, in the hope that you and
they may perceive your true interest, and your great error, and
pursue a different course before it shall be too late. Quit the clas-
sic sacred soil of Greece. Let the flaying., and burning., and
impaling. of this people cease ; and, oh ! shocking to humanity !
the ripping up of pregnant female., and the hewing in pieces of
their infant babes, and other sets yet worse than these, too hor-
rid, to relate ! Release the Christian slaves—pursue an honoura-
ble and enlightened path, and we become friends to aid you in
your pursuits. But should the present course be continued,
let the bands of cruel assassins in your employ count on our oppo-
sition ; count, too, on our neutralising the effect of every vessel
procured or bought from Christian States. " Hear• the word of
the Lord, ye rulers," (in the prophecy now to be fulfilled). "Wo
to them that go down to Egypt for help amt stay." " When
the Lord shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall
fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and 'they all shall fall
together." _ _

Instead of filling brimful the cup of bitterness, of which you
yourself must ultimately drink, how admirably might you employ
your people and your treasure, the waste whereof is rearing to you
*barbarism successor, to prolong the bondage of Egypt.
The Christian prayer of those called to rescue their suffering
hrithren is, that conforming yourself to the dictates of reams and
humanity, you may live long to benefit mankind; and as you are
more enlightened than your predecessors, so may you become
more humane and just.
(Signed)

COCHRANE,

• Isaiah, SI.

MEMBERS RETURNED.

[RICZIVED THIS MORNINO.
LANA alr HSI as—Lord A. Hamilton. •
COUNTY or Lnitarstaow—Hon. Sir A: Hope.
COUNTY OF Youc—Milton ; Marshall; Wilson ; Duncombs,
Psantsmtar—Sir G. Murray.
COUNTY or HADINOTON.—Lord J. Har.

MEMBERS RETURNED FOtt IRELAND.
COUNTY or Roscommou—Hon. R. King ; A. French, Esq.
BOROUGH OF COLZRAINX—Sir J. Rydgee.
KING'S COUNTY---Lord Anuantown ; T. Bernard.
Crry or LounoNoitaxy—Sir George Hill.
COUNTY or Wrxr•oan—Lord Stopford ; Richard Carew, Esq.
TowN or Wm:map—H. Evans, Esq.
COUNTY or KILDARZ—Lord Fitzgerald; R. La Touche, Esq.
BOROUGH or ARMAGH—Right Hon. H. Goulburne.
COUNTY or LoNaroito—Lord Forbes; Sir G. R. Fetherstont.

STATE OF THE POLLS.

Es rczn ED Tit
BEDFORDSHIRE.
biacqueen - 1859
Tavistock - 1021
Pyni - - fi 18
BERWICK.

is stonnusa.)
I PRESTON.

Stanley - - 1470
Wood - 907
Barris - 830
Cobbett , • - 652
SOMERSET.
Dickinson - - 972
Littlibridge • - $74
Hoot _ 179

Hanford - 511
Gladstone - 4.79
Blake = 469
CAMBRIDGESHIRE.
Manners - 827
Osborne - 222
Adeane - 196
DENBIGH.

Ablett - - 252
West 262
CITY OF KILKENNY,
Dogberty - 126
Button 30
COUNTY OF KILKENNY.
C. H. B. Clarks - 294
Duncannen - 202
P. Butler - - 180
LEICESTER.
Hastings 2h72
Otway. 011ie 2499
Evans - 1994
Denrnan - 1752
ItIALDON.

Winn _ - 1711
Lennard l4lB
Dick - - 1856
NORTH UMI3gRLAND•
Liddelt - 262
Bell - • - 232
Howick - 202
Beauruunt - • 174
