' N
THE LON IMN, CRSD.I V, AUGUST li, 1-16.

*peaking there were different collectors for r,seh. I hotourity
te, 0 would e/aln assert, was no part of lb. poor Mo.
Mr. tt a ill NSON toid, a.t a shiportitqr by could ***ore
th He c that in some Nth ~vins ship, were 01511.7t1 to
cooflihnt to the poor Peet. It *as A '0044 error to sup-
\
!look Ow the lend peihi the whoto of there rate*.
Mr. HUME said there licensed to be greet ignorance on
this stihject.—(Liughter.) flowerer, ho flitl not think
ti,,,re wmi one county in Englutiti where them woo rooster
roltreirst under the ilennminutinti 4 a touttly tatc.—The
grant was titre ntwetti ti.
A ttnt of 1M,700/. Mai diets granted for the CIVII COti•
tingeneies.

DANISII CLAIMS.
Mr. V. II.IItING moved.that * soot of 78.144)4 he
gusnir.l for compensation to the person, who too propert,
I/enrotrk its It+o7.
Mr. G. F. wished to know whether those
shipowners' case which hill lately been tlisrometl Awl de-
c'eletl against them by * very 'mall mAjwity wugW yet 6
Mikes, min enntoleration by the Chancellor of the Ex-
eft,npler. Their case ite very well worthy of the best
roosoletation.

The of the I:Xl'ilEgri:lt saidl
nothing{ haft occurred an the of sieve, to alter
the cony ietion which his duty hail imposed 'upon him. Ile
r"4."ItNI "we he could not give a ready sequiesernee to
th"r eLiirni, and he wished it to ho known that it was
merely from 4 sense of duty that he resisteillhenii and not
front nn want of consideration for the claimant*. Ito was
arrAill offsetting a precedent *WA would bo dangerous to the
country. 'rho sum of il,ooo/. bail been refused simply
on the ground of publie duty.
Mr. F. YOU YO, although he hail come to a (life
ferent ronclosion from the ltilht lion. Gentleman, was
satistiril that ho (the Chancellor of the Esehequer) was
actuated by no other motive than his sense of public fluty.
Mr. 11.(►11INSt)N had bed a great steal of converse-
then with lb. panne' interested in these claims, and had
never !inert! attrilniteil to the !tight lion. Gentleman (the
Chancellor of the Evehequer) any other motive for his re.
Neal to acquiesce In thee. claims, but hi* sense of public
duty. 'Chars was no difference of opinion on this point.
It was, however, his duty to say, that he WAS or opi.
Mon that the Cheocellor of the Exchequer had come
In an erroneous decision. Th. only complaint he knew
of was, that this matter had been refereed to the
law officers of the Crown on a technical ground. • It was
well known that if a question were referred peculiarly on
technical grounds, that unless there was so strong a raile
made out as to leave no doubt, the law officers of the
(*town would give an adverse opinion. Th. question ought
never to have been referred to thy law ntilevril. It was a
question of eqiiity, end fell peculiarly within the pro.
vines of the raccutive Government to decide. %% hen
he remembered that many other claims had been
equally pertinaciously resisted for a lung time, but were el-
tomer& acquiesced in, be might be excused fur expressing
a hope that, notwithstanding the great dieeouragement in
the speech which the Right lion. (ientleman (the Chan.
yeller of the EtchPipaer) hail just mule, those elaiaM would
in the ens. be liquidated, if on a future occasion the claim-
ants would 107 able to prove to the satisfaction of the
vernmeiit that their cleinit were founded in justice„—{ !tear.)
Dr. It(t Wit 1 .aid that 3t) year. had clap eeil 6orore
the Government would admit the two first clam., or
claimants. lie heti never been able to sbsenv.r any
tinetion that esisted between the raw,* of those who Ilea
suffered from their property Lein: confiscated at see, or
otherwise. lie hail no doubt but that in the end the claims
of these perrticssvonkl he admitted.
Mr. iturr bait comaderrii it very probelilse there
having been only 59 who voted against the claims on the
last Occasion, when the subject was brought
and 151, of these 'wing Members of the tinverninent, that
the Chancellor of the Exchequer would re:insider those
claims just, and that he would have included them in the
Estimates. .Ifter having delaverate.l7 the state-
ments that hail been inalle. he ennei4kred they* had been
the greatest violation of a treaty, with respect to those
claim., that hail ever disgraces l a civilised matey,
( I leaf, hair.)
Mr. HAINES said there were a manlier of claimants
called after tinse—claimants whose eases h. thought de-
served consideration. Their claims bad not been sent in
eltectly on the slay on which they ought to have Isere, ,n 4
were therefore citcluileil from the hen..fit of proving their
rhinos. Mmy persons who hail not sent in their claim.
within the proper time were persons labouring uniter mental
prialur,eil, in some degree, by circumstances aria.
ing out of the poverty in which thus tramosetion had places!
Omni. If any thing could he done for those sufferers,
either at this of at any future time, it would hr an art of
substantial justice nn the part of this nation, and he thought
he was riot asking for much in endeavouring to pre.* on the
Goverisincitt the consinleration of those claims.
CIIANCEI.I.OIt of the fiXCIII:QI4:It said
that he would implore into the faits of the case a but where
parties made donna they must be regulated by tome defined
rules. Yew with respect to these particular elainsanta,
what were the facts ?—Why, the time hail been doubly Pa-
tristic' fur making the claim., and, therefore, if after
that the parties had neglected to pat in their claims,
they could not complain of any hardship toward,* them.
Ile would not dispose of the case till he had inquired into
the
Mr. Ili/ ME thought the Chancellor of the Exeherret
ought to recollect when he spoke of die notice having been
given, that the parties had come forward for thirty yeare.
and hail not been enabled to obtain justice. Ile could
prodere nemberless eases where th•• parties hail given up
their claims as hopeless. Snell Being the ease, he thought
the tiovernrisent ought not to hold by that strict rule whieh
had been laid down. Ile did not Mania the present
tioveritinent, but he lilarri..l that which ,re.
it. who hail agoan.lete.l twelve humireil
thousand pound. lu a most iisiproper manner. lie thought
Itelormeil l'arliainent ought to see that justice was
to all, lie was en sem, Cs any man to save the public
los r lie never w wwhi allow gross injusl re tobeentninitteil.
If it had not been for those Memhers attached to the Tres.
story penal. the Metter would have been deckled differently.
-Allem,. hear.) Ile regretted that the Ilea. Member
for the Tosser Ilantlets wets not present. as he trfOlerstor4l
that he intended to bring tire/mil his motion again. 'li,e
I !li4neellor ot the Exchequer rag! there claim* only amounted
to nikriesit, hist he (Mr. Hume) asserted 0141 they were
nearer glektsuri. The lapse of tin., ought to be no area.
ment unit jolt claims i anil if the presont House of
Connotes* dal not aenede to them, another Weer would.
Mr. t:WAR't would feel it his duty to support any foe
tore proposition which the lion. Member for the Timer
ilariblets woohl make epee the sobjeet.
Knott. for the Relief of the thruway' Poles in I:flitted.
Mr. I: regretted that this grant essati not he in.
eremite,. It was highly orrshtahla I. the eisurstry, that
white despotic power eat driving ie,r1V1,14411 from their
own country, in England they would be sure to find pro.
icetion anal 494404neff.

Mr. IIAW}:S hoped the trlnt woultl not b. cosines!
ettelosivoly to persons of the I h hat.ors.
I.onl `Cr r. WART Malt glasi to fins!
1641 no obtssiors 1144 twists ?nail., to the grant by any
Hon. Nfrrn r, entail ni4lt• no nhk4etion to the propos
eitiou of thn Hurt. Ntenstoq fur Lambeth in ►rii•'re other
forripson, but 4pilopti4ting any of the present
grant, whirls sae really too circumscribed alrriuly, wits
p. 0144 their bangle Into this puelsets of the roles.
1)r. 111) Wlt 1 Nti thought win.+ provision shun/ I ho
nubile fur the forrigisA, drivers by political v.,•
to .reh an asylum in England.
11r. EW A ItT rontrodsd that the prevent grant (.0,141
not he spin'opriltrot to soy hot rola*.
Mr. Itlnits)4()N dirt not otsjaot tis it, hqs h, h 41,0,1
they virtu not boating up fit rerruits.-1 laugh.)
tniitiiits woe then 4411'0411•1

loeoool. to provost* a Miran Comenttniattion with 1n4144,
Mr. YOUNG thatl4he tho torn *44 11e,.,.
grette4 that the fioversonorst 1,441 not tOtrto.l 114 ist.nlion
to tho praetiernhtlity of effeettrig * 'peaty Strom I *sransessitedi•
lion with litilos hr the (!epw or t;oosl
Str (% 114)111101JSK 1441,41,1 0414441,44441 to 0410 tho
4.„%* is. of Om fiffilstiosiol etponws *hot lota horn inoorrasl.
It fool 4414.141 in eon4efitioneo of thy. footvoislehh 4,447 $1441
but °central in riling the roasels from tho road of syris.
'Cho portoverenett of Colonel Chesney host overran., All
tics olmteo.lo* which, 101 *44 s.ary to *Ay, 1444 barn thrown
it, his 443 y by thn 1'4044 of Egypt i hut ears ofter ths*,
the authority of the Sultan 4441 not giro 11414 awl
4144,414,4(44 11144 164441 barn everted. 'not lettierittOnot
of oil this waa„ that logical of I.4slonel 'hesnry being onto
to sot soil in J 11440. It v 144 rot till Septet:floss% thot
the Loiter 4,44441 woo 1418f1eb441, sal in eattoorittettrit of ottwet
Otiolltidrit from thu 1114141 rotlttoritimi he was unable to pot
initrthwr tho small/ vesool. whieh 434 horn *into nolotto.
l'OclY h.s, 1111 thy This of Mark in the prawn' yoor,
lvtiro tieVO tho nail/shoo. lioisortsmooll
woi not preview! with a litge ofhlition, but in consider*.
lion of the etteviee, *O4l the great inspottanee to the nAtioti
tho iorernstsent that ;night ho ouportoil from this
prilitissn„ they hal thought it right to apply 14 I)ol,4nsent
Fir Ott itsltlitionol graft. The I )44 of u 4144 of tho yawl*
wnalsi in s twain &rat diminish *is mouth* the so.
Ison4** of the expalitioo. 111 1'0..14 454444.1 144 HMS. ()fob.
46.0411 thett lieuv,l9lltent 1401 psi I ger it satelitiou to the
lOttret of 'trim 04,0101;011 Wilk /*Spool to 14,11 t.
M. IIUCKINII defiwir•liivoaccsnl•
Slr, lIUMK haul stated that her hart no Plies:lion to
'4910)004 of thrs publot rsioney being applie4l too seientillf.
",100fition , lost, *1 1140 sane tiesse, ha we* seti4ll•4l from
".44 w 1 ha kii" of the ports, thot the flovernotent wool.' not
b" to &pito' ~n them 44 44 fig it4ibilit fet rsoas.
lor "retail 4,ltul4iS 144-4, that the Ito4ol
of Cootr.4 5h,,,141 41,44141 it cort,On Itsielthof of
4146,1411546 Who Stroolit. 44 toms Of the foram dial conk,
los 01,t410051, or 44 ofoo 44 1104441 ml i'hewsiny re.
"4.4t4t1114 ♦ 1(11 tsopory sot., all 100 (*eta, to 4.14;1114411

what the real difficulties were. stud *hat the espense nottlsl
be. ao,nool. or 100,009 i. was nothing to a ronstnetelal
eettntry like slion canvas:a with the benefits that
atotilit rreillt frutu elloh a thel‘tire being carried into effect.
After a few otivervations from Eir J. C. 11010110010, Mr.
dote r.lnd Mr. liw.s at, the rata was agreed to.
1,910/. to ilefrly the Establishment in the 'stool
of 114144 t p 4.
Mr. IWO ail not rim, In Make *fry ohj,ctittri In this
vote, but he hoped that on an early day nest Session a Coal.
mitre* wools! 1/4, appointed to investigate the subject. The
r.. 411 aid of the Cokniial Governments was, that they were
too touch under the induence of the Govornlnent of Down-
ing-street. It witt a great niisfortune that they should have
to pay the expense* of all the Colonies. and Oat not one of
Virus was satistiell—tbat they were all full of romplaints,
and some of them its a complete state of rebellion,
owing to hail liovernment. They oir;ht to have a robs.
nial loulget as well as an Indian bodges, and a I'orTUD4ttN7
*night to In appointed to we whether any and what retitle.
tie,l could he made. lie washed to remind the lion. Ilan.
(the tinder Secretary for the Colonies) that he had sug-
gested to him the pruptiety of adopting some means of
informing that Ileum of every Colonial appointment that
took Here before the parties appointed left England. What
Le recommenalcil them to tie was to stop the supplies when
they were backward in giving information.—((:heers.)
Sir 614()ItGE fiIIEV mark a few observations which
were totally inaudible in the gallery.
The CIL% I ItNI.IN then put the question that a sum
not exceeding SAW.. should he granted to hi. Majesty
for the purpose of defraying the Civil Staff of the Colonies.
Mr. 'WNW trusted that the same course would be
`adopted with respect to the Colonies that had been pursues'
in this country.
Mir J. C. sionm)usr. 141.1 it was necessary that this
grant should he laid before Parliament.
Afire remarks from Mr. YOU NU sad Mr. Will N.
SO4:s the vote WWI tweed to. . _

3,3001. to it-fray the cord rh4rges or Prince Ethvartro
1114n11.

Mr. lIIIME thoo4ht the system of paying money for
thr ilupport of the Cohmiwi was most improper.
The •um of 10.90)51. was then Iffiteti fur the payment of
the Stare Prevention &Wet:mote on the western coast of
Africa.

Mr. 11A RING then more► that the sum of 11,1101. be
gralitcil for the payment of the Ecclesiastical Establishments
of the North American ('olonies.
Mr. 11U N 11:. thought that this was an instance of the libe-
rality with whirls this country threw awe) nione).—( 'tear.).
Mr. ROBINSON did not think that the British
Parliament would grudge ibis sum fur the dissemination
of the Christian religion.
Dr. 110 W RING said the Protestant Dissenting rti4e•
hlishatents were better supported by voluntary contributions
than by any aid the Mums could afford.
Mr. Cr. F. YOU NG wishes! to know how the Govern-
ment, after granting a sum of .50.000/. the other night to
the Protestant Dissenters of Ireland. could oppose the pre-
sent rote?

Mr. 11U111: has! always protested against this vote,
siol he hoped the country wnuW WOW ha 'shared front this
most improper capon's,.
'Cho vista W then Milted
.% vote of 7,37141. Is. wis torn propos...l (ur the Civil
EstAtilishamatla al South Atiatralks.

Mr. HUME objected to the vote.
Mr. NIACRINNON defended the vote, which wee
gran! to after some observations from Sir I i. 1 it', y and the
Chancellor of the &chapter.
Th. CHAIRMAN then put the question ) Lim a *UM or
'O,OOOl. he grental to hit %jetty. to &tray the rtpentet
of the Indian Department of rpper and Loner Canada.
Mr. 1.1i.11/1: It to,' it hail heart clearly proved bernre
the Committee on:colonial Anil military espenditurn that
this atiablithment was a mere sinecure. Ile liopeil it oath!
be gradually ilia or~tiuued.
so es. GHIA tail that in a few year. at furthest the
establishment would be thecontinueil.

The vote was then agreed to, as was also a grant of
1t1,M7/. for the salaries of the governors, lieutenant-go•
reran's, and others in his Majesty's West Irish,* colonies.
'llte nest vote proposed wee Ott.V, to defray the es-
penal of the civil establishment of Ileliguland. Agreed to.
A vole of IMMO/. to defray the charge of salaries and
snowiness* to the special justices appointed in purloiner of
the Act fur the abolition of slavery throughout the Bri-
tish colonies was aka tweed to.
On • into being proposed to defray snob es-
pouses as might be incurred in aiding the locust legislatures
in providing for the relittous and mural instruction of the
em4netirestsci negro popes Costs,
Sir GEOlttlE, fi REV, in answer to a question from
Mr. Olathe Lushington, stilted, that the former grout of
21).0004 fur promoting the religious in.l moral instruction
of the negro populAtiest haul been equally distributed bee
tweets those who taught *et:mobil to the doctrine* of the
Establishes! Church, and thaw connected with the Dissent-
ing community of this country and all the information he
haul received upon the suhjert liOn to believe that
the principle ins which the distribution Was made 1411 year
114,1 igiv on entire satisfaction.
'Fhe rote was thou scrod to. as were also the following
I ,P 47 11. to defray the sol•rirs of nine *gents fur easegretino.
1,900/. in aid of tho espouses of the civil government of
Nora Seotit.

*sow/. to defray the expenses of the civil and military
establishment of St. lielerui.
Oti the vote that 7:1;2501. be granted to defray the
"barite fur salaries anti C111)00604 of the two [louses of Par-
dement, anti of allowance* to retire.l Offireft of the two
!looms for the year Imas, and to the 3lsB Match, 1837.
614 pit,
Mr. HAWES begged to call the attention of the Chan.
cellar of ilia Eicheque, to a suggestion made by the Com-
mittee appointed respecting the new noise«. of l'srilarnent,
as to the necessity of some alteration tieing merle in the
prevent Muse of during the recces, in order to
obviate ton very greet ineoriversienims now exprieneril.
*mow from the want of better ventilation of the !louse,
Mal a better conveyance of ansinsl.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIEQVER would
not loose eight oldie matter during the term*.
Mt. W 1.1°: Y said that the present (louse was in
every respect holly construeied I lin.l the health ur
Members insist materially suffer by it. gert,nirmrnti
Of the interior of the (louse were also very obyeetionable.
'nut table at which the clerks sat was place.' at the es•
hence oral of the Howie, twat the Speekerie t;lsair. This
tektite it necessary for his Ilejeet7's Ministers and the psi*.
ripe) speakers on the Oppoeitnin benches to take their
see. at that port of the Howie. He saw no good reason
shy the tahle should not be placed in the centre of the
House , the Treasury ant Opisovition Iverwhies conk' then
he placed there. The llon. Member then pointed out the
very iticoisreitient sit...stool in which the reporters griller,
114. plaeed. Ile hart himself been in the reporters gallery.
and lied fottail lt iirspiceeihle to hear a smile word of what
was spoken b' the Speaker himself.
Mr. IttlelkiNtillAll also spoke of the soortesity of
olfotiling hotter isecommosisition to the reporters, and soul
that before the Mum could justly take cognisance of the
report. of their praoemlings they ought to Rot rid of the
triton that It Wee a litellteh 0( privacy to give any report
of them at all. With rraret to the constructive* of the
!louse, he hail thie tilmervstion to make. lion. Oenthrtnen
appeared to think that the principle of *rowdies its its sp.
rlicatton to atchii .er-Ure was MA well 440/000.1. Now,
It was a well-known fart, that horn the time of the
tlr..eiarie down to the present .tty all t,"410, theatres 4'l
heliklinge, with the eseeption of the 110.i.e. of Parliewient
of tireat Ilritelts, were built PR the 1110MiCifellto prierlple.
An Ilse. Mittman—,llot in that cam they spook hum
one point.
Mr. ItllCKlNtfliAll -True t hut lie lid known
persists stet up Is the body of the theatre and speak. cant
Were ilistiantly hoard. Th.. was the arse st the itoysi In.
solution, Albolostle-street y the Lreolon Instanter*, Vie*.
htirriert,Sre t and in *Wino all the public and literary hp&
lotion* 04 tlko country,
Itt 111 N l i ptostil a censure on all the reporters
no all tho morooog port., ark,l stated that in Ertirww,
glum, soil Spain atithertesol reports of the .leistes were
voihabiril. Ile hope., the whole soltieet would be brought
iserfore the !loot* by ).$4 l lon. Friend the Member for 114-
dicer", so that they no,,,tht .0...0rd a full repot to( their pro.
eeiatirige. lie should look with great corioeity for ilia
re riod of this illornssinn tii-inuirrum.- •4 latish )
The CIIANCEI.I.OIt of the I:Xl:llEkiCElLassisste.l
the Cons:suttee that there amok! be sse twee,. on the port
of (iererninent to obtain the nterstory ;nforntatiots as to
the tenustimestohty tif altering the prowl's' liesm. sad as to
the .411"1"16 of viek alteration. With respect to the !eat
obeetvittion of the ti o (us kilosArniek. he hopel
the It svoishl ant he 1,..1 4/4, by it. lie ~,,4.1,40,1
thit
(Dr 1140140!(, he 1,04, ItetreCtiy 646t/illllOl with things as they
t wets,. it was all very well or gentlemen to talk *(iet...et-
ing their proceedings I Ind if all this goes of roolereotiors
were pot into typo to-nsisans, what+. aid of .641 clam.
the none *soul laite, Weithl be the rasing, I*-4 I leer. soul
laughter.) Ile was perfectly 444,40.1 that the sreporters
would continue to nee. as they, haul hiding% titian. that
erri."" wh.rh h'lengiel to them in a plotter cower. is con.
vriing to the yobbo sll tikk.. 10(HittS awe in eshieh the poishe
ea* molt Itltaire 01.0,
that the Chancellor of the Earlsopter
might .P44/4 45 he please.! about the iiiiinuartirability of sit,.
eying into effeet arty plan Oil' giving a full report of their
taueee.litt.i• i but they Lail the ettperienee of Delirium soil
I'tgotett to show th4t st moist be Juno.
The eIIANTELI.ttIi of the EXClliEtatiliK—Hase
missy heists do they sit ?
Mr. 11l ,11'..—/Istt or eta I hut that 44 sot follow, fat
if they bit ten or eleven hoOrt. all matters of inportaare
were reporteel. It was not hater4.4ry that every word
ah 041.1 6,1 trpotte4 that was seed 1 bet the reporter' in those

countries sat is 4 situatiors whirr they mull hear, and no
f set of importation occurred which was not reported. The
lion. Member then cernplainea thst after a ecrta;n hour
the newspaper reoorts Awe!. •t stet t!rit « the other order*
et the iLly were then tf.iposcit ol." tett their cued's.
teen's W believe that tho parsed an 'kite life and liatl no-
V.linit to Jo, whereat All the;r per,on.st ti,tptiv,s weft
tr-
porte,l to the very word, as if they were a nv-ro aasegibly
of brawlers. Matters h 441 arritett at Ova, pitch that be
thought is lemma the ilosse to ilsre an ..;,se 4 it, owe
and early in the nett eceston he would Liose for a Cam.
miteee with the view of secant wiisthlr this cowls! not be
Joao.

Colonel SIIIIIIOIII'
Liou,;_t .; t was no etas atteampesas
to disguise the fact, that all this ded.sru,stioo was a mere
tirade aglittst the reporters. ()f all men in the worts! the
lion. Member .G'sr luisl the least reason to com-
plain, for ha was pretty well reported. if any min was. If
the reports of the lion. Meniber's speeches far the present
ses.i4m Iva( be put twisther, he was quite smears
wisilil measure at least a mile in knth.—(w Oh r from
mr. now.) Well tif they *until 11.1.0 messarell more
than a male. he 'sould takes upon himielf to say that (ha
rest was nitt worth reportiox.—( lies,, hear. soil Lsozhter.)
Mr. ROBINSON .441, if the Ilusise Awl an sushi).
nest reporter, they must hare an authorises! newspaper
toot for he would take upon himself to say that no need.
paper in the metropolis, if it hoped to hare any sal, at all.
walla ever Gad it worth its w 6 to report all that paeseil
in that lloos..—( hirer, hear.)
Sir Koncia INGLIS milled the Attention of the
hio.llnseitiourti.heNl7:%ertiTt-unth:::teanceenofesitirirclitearTy In; lobty
ou;ht to be erected. _ _ _

"rh. CIIANCILLORof the EXCIIEQU E R tlionht
the subject bail much Letter be dropped, inastwieh as DO
alter-41'mo in the Mouse of Comm**. could possibly be or.
tiered in a Committee of Supply.—( hear. boar.)
After a few words 'runs Sir FREMANTLE.
Mr. AG LION 111 expressed his opinion that the clerks
who took the divisions should receive some remuneration
for that duty.
Mr. F. R.% It ING replied that there was no ?mita
vote for this instim44% but that fie (inlrcfnment could hat,
no objection to their ft-ceiling a fair renstmetetua. There
was a balance of 3,94.3)4 in hand over and alms, the ex.
prows of the Ifouse, and perhaps the House wools! not
object to the remuneration cm:airily out of that fund.
The vote was then avrett to.
The neat vote Weis the postponed 0110 of 34,001,1„ fur the
R PCO ell (Mee.

De. BOW RING was proes-.liog to enter iota a length-
ened statement of the expenso of the Keened Coamainsiek
when he was called to order, and sit down.

Afte♦ a short conversation the %lige was agreed to.
3.9811. was voted fur the expense of the State-pew
Offie..

On the mot:on that the sum of 6,497/. be granted (or
completing the repairs of Buckingham Palace.
Colonel Sl 110 It I' wished to know whether this
nook' he the *Wit amount tvgaited fur the completion of
this building.
'The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIEtjUi:It
vlrrtol, that the repairs of Rockingham Palace were not
the act of Earl Grey's acreernin.nt, but hail long pre.
viously been commenced by the preceiling
The present tlovernment cortsitl.r..l themselves responsible
for the completion of the repairs of this Pala.... but for
nothing more. lie h 4.1 no hesitation in saying that he
!hotted that there hail been a most unwise •spetulitura of
the public money on Buckingham l'eLsee, an4l he believed
that for ball the sum spent on that btsil.ltrig an ',Wire much
better aslapteil fir the stecommoilation of the Sovereign could
line been crested.--( Ileac. hear.) Ile believetl all that
was required for the furniture of the Palace had been voted,
but a portion of this rote was requited for gates and other
things of the kind.

W A HU It OS arred with the Gallant Colonel
in ilesignatinz the rrpeirs of Buckingham Palace u a pt..
Mr. II l!)11.1 w.ss intone to know whether St. James's
Pal.Sre way to be MAIM *Mt.! 441 well as IItIekINILAWI House.
Mr. F.W.111.1* ohtervell that some wouhl he
requisite for the aerommoilatem of the Parliament during
the erection of the two new Houses , he wotili sunest
that St. Jarbee'S Palace was well ealptesi for that purpose.
the vote was then agree.' to.
(he the motion that {O)/. h Rraute.l (0r etkilll/14 alters-
tinny in the gallery of the Muse with the view to the
P 1144400 of ladies,

Earl of LINCOLN oliecteel to the vote.
eIIANCIRLLOIL of she EXCIIEQUEit stated
that the (orrusnient weehl slot kayo orkgbintoll • tole of
the kind. but the flout* hod already maw to the deternsig.
nmon of setting 4 partial" of the f 411er y ripen fur latl es.
i ie it ttl voted stxmnall time proposits.o. but halms found him.
001 in • nu/unity. he had irk it hit duty to eubeatt an eats-
litatat of the espetgws of the proposeet alteration to the
!lone.. sod it /441e.i wltls the rointrott,e to do gegth it 4s
it pleased. Neither the a:lturnent• urged 41 the time, not
the laltaielliaal redeition he hag! gotta to the nt %wt. had
induced WS to COaClit is the propriitioo.
Mr. EIit..SIIFIELD thought that the knowledge that
tithe, were present would trod to prevent the tettimece of
that want of courtesy which was occasionally ananifrited
during discurtiona in that Ilowie.—(llear, hear.) Ile
honed the Committee to recollect that the proposition bad
twice been agreed to by the House, and althuulh the
Nohle Lord the Secretary for the Mune IN-pa:talent on
both occasion* oppoiril is, yet on Its being carnet! stated
that, notwithitenaing tbo opsoloo he rotettAine.l on the sub-
ject, he felt bnumi to early mato rNeet the desire of the
llouso. The only regret that Le felt on the subject was tl.e
stuAllnets of the estimate. as be dal not think that sufficient
ttertnnntoglatton (.004 be &Moiled for such a seta as 4tuf.
!louse of Lords on this subject 64.1 tat imatopla
which should be foflowesi.
Mr. EAV AHT should like to know whether any lion.
Gentleman ever obeerled any evil or 'weeny enience result
in the rhaniAer of Depitties.to Emote. in runteloente of
ladies being being adiutted to host the debates.
Mr. Took' t: tipitied that the presence of ladies in the
House would be prod,ieti‘o of routolernble ineonictiserwe,
Lash 1..004 interfere with the .to- rarity of the prlccr.L.
initt of the House.

Mr. P. ii()%irAitu obtu tot to inyokint tho wart
of
1144 country 'ert active political parttsartsistp.
Mr. POTTER wallah, tuvrtetrit tha progwitatp,n.
Mr. I'. TI11)1481)N. 10,ng b.hr c ru„. „,1
mkt gimi ih„41.1 star the time ante on th.a at on $ f)tnttr
airantst the very alitnr,l propnattion 1134 befor• the
!Lute.

Lord PAI.NII:ILSTON was also lotolly caller! for
*twilit raise lgistestor. 11. arid I. w"0 glib., this mat
esbinet grectinet-4 A Itogit)--iee hi vo 41 under the tweet.
silty el llftf4o.4lY OVI"..611 die rim lakes of st Ity hot Itivht
Hoe. Colleague. amid mai at *II motor,. 4,14.4 per..
aihlr in:sragetioses would arise rides, to the Hesse, ot to
the Stale has Ile preserore ot Wm. la the tallest.
So J. 11011110VSI: alas tqle, ie ehesieteett to eon.
tress all starts et the lie wis likewise slot shot
this woo no CalWeet trottioe, fot he was thus his pacer at
liberty to etptcst hit emir,' oltsent from the upraise; of his
Noble CoUrque.--41,suihter ) 11 el Ississol Lyon
the reparation when noratesl eh, the first mites,* ass sire
juke, 160 5h.411 rat wily here tow- slows la the flews
op.* On. orrirtiefl "tat the purpose, of ?roseate* hit siessittsi
appesit..ws to whet Ise moil nut but reess•=l.t 4 most ahostol
awl ptepreet•toos propootows. fie root,' not but 'lsiah,
theta wool," t..e a specie* of iroleerecy en isittralstrie/ the
Isi4bsistr,l lisle of dui ?smutty into the Ihitsw of roes.
swim -( Most.)
'thii SPEAKER .401 the Moto 1144 tow* teralsra
11.411 i 144,041440144 IM MU, she Marty. but ho tad
ado prestos's to licit rresimx 1,41 en Oppalftlialiy of reprise.
Wig hi, owe sootow,ot• urn lbs • abrvt. fir wet 140,111
prep sre,l to sty. test Is.s'airs* epos the proposes...me ms see
of *tart insportarge., traits is rirtport Is the gee., *I .1.
?swum of lb. Reuse, *rot the siinett whisk the tweerartsgt
of ',hes tustisit page tbittly LSO" epee the, peetwegisiti• of the
'snow. he area, he w 4.4! i ersfesis„ tbat. luesitsi
411 the esteumeelesers* of Ow rise. toe ronstol,tv.i thepipet
IWO to be a meet stad,.., $lll4 is., owl he hop .l. these
diet it wool.' eel be ottril Iles,. heat )
Me. AU IgIONIIY thought dor only prepoctoreee tea•
fete to the .'tole Mien was the hoot of (Armless tot op,
to th 4 ropreitists....( Woe, low / Its we* Tufo Silo
11,11 • seallelbia pnemPle,l of the etitem. we tine
are. kity the Molest llse. l'ses•,lest et the
Ihsattl et Cos eel hs.i tone? late.' op has sorer she
prood..l at atimittntleises le the Latent et the old
I lossas...-Oistat. 11,04f5)
Sit J. HOIIIIOUSE sail' if wee 4 wadi,' which had
*hrttrawtuMs4 iht&piss.
AOLION feel Cl Wog 4 if, tt pot,. th,w, this
ow, wog Has. Ithetowea 116/414 hvi em4l ircess oratorio's'
su epos WSW errmswcs.
Mr, 1a11131.11U 'IN rap's-es-4 thi &totes! obretWiel
I.
tea roposidos.
Mr. III'CKINGIIASI thwadiht it atrarte dist an, ob.
te**ll"" *"I'l he "el' , the isslnssagiou of wtiet to tho 1141*
I,cry oldie Moto. tipts.l.l thee *Of, Geri? gulatittral 10 1141
itul toe the 1,41 i, ft at the lateen I tpee4,ler twos to the
teat* a 1"( h 1,11 OM Ireland; iliggparral 1644 41°
othor plumes of ptsblge eta/Item Ist. 114 glsoles4l.4 as*,
ob",,,,ifle..l.trown *4, 4,4 wink In thr owlet at the
110,400, 1144 t, ho,s, ) ...IA doh totria. r 1444 of
W 1414 N 44000 st,orossely traggioessol- those
°,64$ we" bee ,rateil 6,, pre.ainre of 14i10r4. Of thugs.
0.11, entitel; t:Lagnvole,l of wawa lie sksoubl pinion
the proposition.

videriuti )%i)1. Ai 4,444) pf. Pat" "Sir" tha
propostiks tip,* tL, pope 440 ea. iss Nimbi
rual**, lA.O b. cual.l hy as MOON Waft* lite NOW WISP•
iiktsto to CI 10161 foutaleo ftww the Allot, el tk. I boine.
*which %vita rsese44€4l hy Right ilea. Fewer,.
01. :3111 r twit c.,tt6•117 wrentitd ilvs peopeolsoc
