FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

.
PARIM, FEB. 17.—The Ring transacted busi-
ness with'the Keeper of the Seals.
4. Gevaudan has been elected a Deputy by the
fourth Electoral College of the Seine.
The Royal Court has confirmed the sentence
of the Correctional Tribunal, which condemned
Caionel Dofay to one months' imprisonment, for
do;t-famation against General the ViSCOl.l,Tit de
Alioatelkgier besides which, M. Dufay is sen-
toned to pay the costs of his appeal.
The day before yesterday the Police seized, at
print-sellers, an immense quantity' of
Prints, representing Buonaparte and the members
*this'. family, and of allegorical plates,: the sub-
lects of which are of a nature to disturb the. public
Peace. Thelithographic: stones hive also been
seared, and many persons whO.fUrnished the de-
bliv.e, have been arrested. - -
A very important cause' (it relates to pi9p?rty
worth 150,000' livres, or 6,oool:stet:ling per an-
nasn) is immediately .fo. be brought before the
tribunals. :1(V hen Marshal Massena, who was
duke of Rivoli3 was...created Peert'qe of Esling,
the le.tters patent whiCh, conferred this title on

"lim and his heirs male in order of primogenitere,
-provided that at his deatß, case he should
leave , several heirs mal6 the titie of .Prince.of
Fsting and the property attached to.it,should go
eo the eldest son ; ;mid", that of the Doke of
.1-tivoli, with its entailed property, should be-
'Aong to the youngest. The event provided
.for by' these letters patent having taken place
at the death of Massena, the eldest son f!!)-.
:esed into the possession of the principality of
Ealing; and the youngest became seized of the-
Dukedom of Rivoli. The eldest having died
]ast year without male issue, the youngest ob-
-.4ned the succession to the title and estates of
:he Prince of Esling. The property entailed on
.his title, according to the terms of the letters
-patent, is to revert to the Crown, in the event of
:he title becoming extinct ; and as it consists, in
a great measure, of shares in •the canals of Or-
leans and Toulouse, wh!ch are to be restored to
:heir ancient proprietors whenever they revert to
:;'Se Crown, the family of Caraman have instituted
a. suit against the Duke of Rivoli before the tribu-
eals, alleging that the title of Prince of Esling is
and that the entailed property on it ought
to revert to the crown, and consequently should
be restored to the ancient proprietors. (MM. de
-Cararnan were the proprietors of the shares of
the Toulouse Canal.)
The tieestion in issue is whether, when Buona-
parte said that the eldest son should, at the
death of the Marshal, take the title of Prince of
isling with the Estate entailed on it, and the
youngest the Dukedom of Rivoli, with the Estates
belonging to it, he intended that in the event of the
eldest son's dying without male issue, the title
should be extinct, or if, on the contrary, accord-
ing to the law of succession, the youngest son
should not become possessed of the title and
estates on the' death of the eldest.
M. Parquin is Counsel for the Duke of Rivoli,
and M. Dupha for MM. de Caraman.
According to the last letters from Vienna
there is no longer any hope that the Court of
P..ef.sia will be satisfied with the answer given
by the Porte to the Russian Ultimatum. Yet it
irnagizied at Vienna that the Austrian Cabinet
lin prevail upon that of St. Petersburgh not to
begin hostilities, though it is admitted that this
cannot be effected unless the Porte consents to
fresh concessions.

FRCNCII FUNDS.
F:b. IL, Five per Cents.
bulk Stock 1562 1. 50 c.

FRANKFORT, FEB. 9.—Accounts from the Up-
per Rhine say, that the numerous interrogatories
relative to the plot at Belfort have led to impor-
tant discoveries, and that many persons are im-
plicated. The known heads of this conspiracy,
but who, in fact, are only subordinate agents,
have for the Most part escaped ; it is hoped they
may be arrested in the neighbouring countries,
ta:d their arrest would be very important, because
through them a clue might be obtained to get at
those who have guided these different movements.
if credit may be given to the report in circula-
tice, the object of the plot was to get possession
ofall the fortresses.of Alsace, and from them to
make a. grand military moveceentin the. interior
of the kicgdoin. 'Snch a project offered but few
c'r:ances of success, though every military insur-
rection is alarMing to the Government, because
it frequently happens that the troops sent to
check it join the ranks. of the insurgents. The pub-
iic arc very curious to learn the result of the
:rvestigation, because it hoped that it will
• discover the resources on which the conspira-
tors could dependl—their connexion with other
Races--the Principal authors of the attempt, and
lastly, the Chief whom they meant to place
.at the;r. head. The 29th regiment of the
Jae, composed of the late legion of the Seine, of
-which the battalion that was at Belfort behaved
ho well, sod of which the other two battalions
.were at f3esancon, has marched partly for the
Lower Rhine.and partly for the New Brisach.--
t replaced at Belfort and Besancon by the
9.5 th of .the lice, composed of the late legion of
fra Manche. .

HAGUE, FEE. 1 s.—Accounts from St. Peters-
burgh, et fld of .January, say that the corn-
r mrcial relations with Constantinople are entirely
re-ehtahlished.

A Brussels Paper says, " Letters from St.
Petersburg:a affirm, that. the Emperor Alexander
has signified to the Diplomatic Body his dissatis-
faction with the Answer given by the Divan to
his Ultimattum Wer was thought,. in the capi-
tal, to he inevitable; and it was said that-hosti-
lities would commence in the course of the fol-
lowing mouth."

SPAIN.
MADRID, FEB. 6,

To-night we hold (he pen in .our Laud to de-
-noutice to the, nation the insult which has been
.offered it by some rualcontents.in the persons of
some cf itsyrnost illustrious -representatives ; but
•expresSionG. ..us to paiut wiai sufficient force
the• enormity 4:if...At01l an outrage; and on the
'other hand,. vie think we shall do a signal service

to the Spanish nation by concealing from it this 1
'scandalous proceeding, and preventing, as far as
'depends upon ,us, =its reaching the, ear of fo-
reignets-,=particularly of those who are labouring
Unceasingly for our ruin. Other journalists have
anticipated us in account of this event,
and we have no doubt-that the promoters of so
'disgraceful an outrage_ .will boast of it as of
a triumph. Those joutnalists who have related
the circumstances turtle more or less misreDre-
seated thein.../ The nsostimportant of those cir-
cumstances are the insulting expressions offered
to some Deputies of the .Cortex on leaving Con-
gress yesterday, and the attempt to pull down
the house of Count Torreno, threatening himself
with death—the house'of Count Torreno, which
affords an asylum to the it idow of the martyr
Poilier, whose affliction these barbarians eudea-
voured to increase, by adding to it the death of
her brother.

But let us See what is the motive for such rage,
and what those men have dune who, on former
occasions; were the favourites of the nation—
who were considered as;the firmest pillars of li-
•berty, and who, as such, were marks for the
sarcasms, the invectives, and even the menaces of
certain persons. This, this is.-the whole of their
offence—they love liberty—they endeavour to
prevent.. its degenerating into anarchy—they
know. die most secret intentions of our enemies
—they frustrate their efforts, and are resolved
rather to die than to 'suffer their criminal projects
to succeed,. This, this is the crime which ren-
ders them otlioui in the eyes of-those who seek
to destroy us. They are feared by the enemy,
and- therefore they must be destroyed or ren-
dered 'tuspecteti. With this object they aim at
two things,--to place lors- de combat, those who
can-do them the greateSniiischief ; and to avenge
themselves on .the true liberals,. in the persons of
their principal loaders.
What shall we then say of those public writers,
who have taken upon them to direct public opi-
nion, and who do their utmost to mislead it ;
announcing every day to the nation, that the
Cortes are about to deprive-it of the most preci-
ous of its guarantees, while. they only endeavour
to pass a law to consolidate them ? The authors
of such exaggerations do not believe what they
! say, but it- suits them to, speak thus for their own
lends ; and, With their hypocritical declamations,
[ to deceive the unwary and to foment disorders,
! which are the
,elements in which they

EXTRAORDINARY CORTES, SITTING or FEB. S.
The President ordered articles 75 and 76 of
the regulation to be retid, and after they were
read, spoke as follows :---" It is with much
pain that I see myself under the necessity
of recalling to your notice an article of your
regulation ; but the Cortes and the -public
know how impossible it is to be silent in
the face of the events of yesterday. Let us
undeceive ourselves—the bulwark of the Consti-
tution and of our liberties is the Cortes. There
cannot be Cortes without discussion, and there
cannot be discussion if the Deputies are not free
to express their opinions. What more could our
enemies desire than disorders of this nature? Placed
in this chair for the third time, I shall perhaps die
in it,but I shall die bearing witness to the whole
world, that if years of persecution for defending
the liberties of my country have not made me
succumb, neither shall I succumb at the sight of
greater risks,--unfortunate Spain! at a time when
the persons of its Deputies are not respected.
If they are thus attacked, what shall we hope
for ? Those are declared enemies of the Consti-
tution who do not respect the National Repre-
sentatives.

" in these critical circumstances the public
ought to be informed, that at the first noise in
the galleries I shall end this Sitting ; and I
should likewise desire that some Member of the
Congress would excite its zeal by a proposition
on the insult offered yesterday to the National
Representatives, not only with a view to the pre-
servation of their persons, which would be of
small consequence, but to preserve the National
Representation and the Constitution."
Then was read the following proposition of
Senor Garcia .Page :---" In consideration•of the
events which happened yesterday, I request the
Cortes to order that the Secretaries of State be
called irnmediately to Congress to give inform'',
tion on the means taken by oovernment to prevent
the repetition of these events, and the precautions
that have been enforced to 'maintain the public
tranquillity, and to agree to those which belong
to the power of the Cortes."
This proposition was not admitted to discussion.

There was then read the following proposition
of Senor Cepero :--« That a dispatch be sent to
Ministers, requiring their immediate attendance,.
to inform the Cortes of the occurrences of yester-
day on the rising of the Sitting, of the insults offered
to various Deputies, and of the means which had
been taken to prevent their repetition." Its
author then said, though the proposition of Senor
Garcia Page has not been admitted to dis-
'cussion, I shall use the• freedom of speech allowed
me by your regulation, and shall express. the
motives which have induced me to make the pro-
position which his just been read. Before this
epoch, I had been elected a deputy, and had the
misfortune to see our fundamental. law abolished.
Then I saw not only my opinions despised, but
found myself thrown into a dungeon; but till this
sanctuary of the, laws was shut, my person was
religiously respected. During the course of yes-
terday I was witness of a scene which exceeds
all the horrors I have over seen, and, in the
midst of My misfortunes, which are well known,
I nestr experienced a pain like that of yesterday.
I saw, in. some sense, my country threatened
with slavery t for what can be hoped for the
preservation offreedom, when the national repre-
sentation, to which the public have trusted their
rights and liberties, is'trampled upon.
I Let it nei be supposed that I blame the
Spanish people, or' even the people of Madrid.
—They aro not capable of an outrage of
this..nature,. The deputies who have receiv-
ed the powers of the nation have, not con-
tracted any greater obligation than to preserve
the constitution;
..and how can. imy do so if they
may be (ran:pled upon with, impunity ? Those
deputies Who were yesteiday insulted exposed
their brersts to the daggers of assas,sins) out'of

love for their country ; but can all the members
of Congress be supposed to possess the samefirrn-
ness of character ? As for me, I shall act freely,
because dangers do not alarm me; but are all the
deputies actuated by-the same courage, some of
them feeble through age, and others weak from
physical constitution ? Those who brought about
the, scandalous scene of yesterday' are declared
enemies of their country, and have inflicted a
deeper wound on it than the rebels who lift their
hands against it. I cannot but recall the indig-
nity committed in the house of the widow. of
Porlier—of.that hero who was sacrificed for. his,
country, and whose name is written in this august
place as a testimony-,of national gratitude. That
house was pulled down, because it sheltered the
Count de Torreno—the illustrious deputy.—whose
sacrifices and services need na praise of mine.
The honourable- deputy concluded lay proposing
to adopt the resolution stated above. .
Senor Sancho said that all the national repre-
sentation were insulted .in the indignity offered
to their colleagues yeSterday. It is as mush an
insult to shout vie= to a deputy for his opinions,
as to cry " death" to hini.; :ind; therefore, sa-
tisfied with the approbation of .my conscience, I
equally despise both. If the deputies are not
free to expreSs. their opinions, there is no longer
a constitution. But are the Cortes really. with-
out liberty ? I am far from being of this opinion.
Because a dozen or two of persons, paid to com-
mit this excess (for they 'were heard to ssly that
they had received. such and such sums), insulted
the two deputies,- the national representation
ought not to be considered as deprived of all
freedom ; but, at the same time, I am of opinion,
that the Cortes cannot but take'cognizanee of this
occurrence, since, although freedom still exists,
it may be lost if an attempt of this kind is view-
ed with inditference. Congress ought also to
consult its own dignity, as.- well as its freedom,
and to exterminate a miserable faction, which is
only of importance in proportion as it excites
disorders. In the opinion of this deputy, the in-
fliction of punishment was.. more necessary than
the calling of information from Government. He
concluded with .the following motion :—" That
a commission be appointed, which, after con-
sulting with the Gnvernment and the competent
Authorities, may propose to the Cortes such
measures as it may think proper with respect to
the occurrences. of yesterday." •
Senor Quiroga strongly inveighed against the
scandalous disorders of the previous day. Vivas
had been shouted to the freedom of the Press
and to Riego ; hut they had likewise heard viva:
to an absolute king, and cries of " Death for
Riego and Quiroga. `He ascribed all this to
tile feebleness of G-overmnent, who had taken no
precautions to, prevent, on the previous day,
scenes similar to those which had occurred three
days before. - He declared his respect for the
Count de Torreno ; and said • that as soon as he

heard of the insult offered him, he sallied forth
from his house, determined to die by his side.—
As a deputy, and as Quiroga. (said he), I cannot
but declare it is' my opinion that the Congress
should instantly direct the Authorities to fulfil
their duties, and to procure respect for the laws.
Senor Ramo- net bore testimony to the small
number of persons concerned in the attack on
the two deputies, _

Senor Martinez de la-Rosa said, that he would
not have spoken on this occasion were it not to
testify for the zeal with which the authorities
acted in extending their protection to him. So
much were they disposed to afford him all the
defence in their power, that he was himself
-obliged to countermand the troops they were
sending to guard his house. He did not, how-
ever, think that the Cortes ought to. entertain
the question, unless submitted to them by Go-
vernment. If they went into it as a legislative
question, it would be attributed, to the fear they
entertained of their own safety. The Cortes
(he said) possessed fully the freedom of delibe-
ration, and as the best proof they could afford of
the fact,'they ought immediately to enter on the
discussion of the' project of law which formed
the order of the day. .T.he,occurrences of the
preceding day had sufficiently shewn the weak-
ness of the disorganizinglactions, which had no
Other means than their audacity. They would
disappear before firmnesa.and prudence.
Conde de Torreno.-My view of the subject
is the same as that expressed by. Senor Martinez
de la Rosa. It is certain that our persons alone
were insulted, but in thernan insult was offered
to the whore of the rational representation. The
house of a citizen, of a deputy, which formed the
asylum of the widow of a Porlier, has been for-
cibly entered. Some of my servants were mal-
treated and wounded. Perhaps those who com-
mitted this attack have been instigated by some
of the persons who contributed to the tragic end
of Porlier, and by wrhom I was persecuted even
in a foreign land. I might name some chiefs of
assassins, whom I
.know. •• But what can the
Cortes 'do in this affair ? On this Point'l think
with • Senor Martinez de la Rosa, but I do not
concur in his declaration, that he. would present
himself unarmed to the. poinarda of
.the assassins.
If they return to attack ray house. they shall
not enter it unless they take it as '.hey would a
fortress. Let us- thee: proceed tranquilly with
the discussion of the law project. If there should
be any doubt of certain abuses, in - which the
press has no slight part, the events of yesterday
must remove it. -I must add, that I have nothing
to complain of any of the-authorities, since they
all did their duty. 1 know not what was the in-
tention of the mob, but it is certain that they
had purchased- ropes to bind me with. The
thing, however, being passed, I do not believe
that I have any personal danger to fear. -The
authorities have sent more troops to my house
than are necessary to repress any disorder. •
Senor
.Saticlio.—l. envy the virtue of Senor
Martinez de la Rosa and the Conde de Torreno,
for certainly there is great virtue in disdaining
popular fame, and in that firmness of character
which they exhibit. It is. not, however, a perso-
nal question with them, but -with the Cortes.—
Yesterday, the wl.ole National Representation,
not single Deputies,, was attacked ;. and the. Co-
ngress is .bound to•shoee the interest it takes in
seeing the. Constitution :and tike National -Repre-
sentation respected. I could wish to have my

head organized in a different manner, and to see
things under a different point of view from that
in which I do see them, in order that I might
vote to-day against what I defended yesterday.
In saying this, I think I sufficiently manifest the
contempt I entertain for this faction. Bit not-
withstanding this contempt, I insist that the
Cortes cannot look on this affair with indiffer-
ence. It is said that the Cortes have not failed
in their duty ; but though that should be the
fact, it is not the less necessary to investigate
the origin of the evil. I attribute no weight to.
what has been said by Senors Martinez de la
Rosa and the Conde de Torreno against my pro.
position, because I perceive that their opposition
arises from delicacy. The Cortes are bound, for
the protection or their inviolability, and for the
sake of decorum, to investigate the matter. This
they are even bound to do, that they may not be-
come responsible to future Cortes for a negligence,
which may be to them of serious importance.
Senor Calatrava.—The Cortes must not delay
the adoption of energetic measures. I who con-
sider it a disgrace to have maintained an opinion
conformable to that which the authors of this out-
. rage affect to entertain, solicit and demand such
measures as are absolutely necessary. There
exists amongst us a liberticidal faction, which
serves the views of foreigners, and labours in
their pay to destroy the Constitution of Spain.
This faction must be extinguished ; for if that be
not done, great will be the hazard which the
country will have to run. When two illustrious
deputies who have done so much for the cause of
liberty in Spain are insulted—when the whole na-
tional representation is insulted—what is not to
be feared if such excesses be not repressed ? Yet
those men who yesterday committed so horrible
an outrage have the audacity to call themselves
Liberates ! What, they Liberates ! Infamous
wretches. The liberal man respects the laws,
but they have openly violated.them. What Libe-
ral would break into the house of a citizen, of a
representative of the nation, in which a person so
respectable as the widow of General Porlier re-
sided ? They Liberates !. Be they who they may,
they are traitors; for such the law declares all those
to be who in any way attack the liberty of the Cor-
tes: What ingratitude does this outrage manifest.
To attack the house of a Deputy, whO has a
thousand times exposed his life for the cause of
liberty, and in which the widow of him who died
so boldly for the same cause had taken up
her abode ! I hope the motion will be ;Approved;
if not, I will propose another.
Senor Zapata.—Those who, while they invoke
liberty and the Constitution, endeavour to de-
stroy both, are the greatest of traitors. Those
vile assassins who yesterday insulted the Con-
gress, and in particular two of its most distin-
guished Members, have been instigated by some
ambitious men, destitute of talents or virtue,
for such alone could engage in similar disorders.
They wish, by disorder, to destroy the present
Cortes, because they have the audacity to found
the most foolish hopes in the next Congress.
Yesterday I heard from the base mouths of some
of them the cry—" Live the next Deputies !"
I consider it to be the duty of the Cortes to take
the most efficacious measures for repressing dis-
orders so fatal to liberty. _ _

Here the discussion was cloven, and the motion of Senor
Sancho approved.
The following Deputies were appointed to form the proposed
Committee, viz. Calatrava, Sancho, Benitez, Subtle, and
Crespo Cantol,la.
The Cortes then proceeded to the further discussion of the
law project relative to the abuses of the liberty of the Press.
The President observed, that the turn for speaking belonged
to Senor Calatrava.

Senor Calatrava—Under the present circumstances, I should
consider my delicacy compromised if I spoke on this subject.—
I make this sacrifice with pleasure, and I care vary little what
notice my conduct in this respect may excite. My principles
and conduct ire well known. I renounce the right of speaking.
Two more Deputies declined to speak ; after which the de-
bate went on in the usual manner.

MADRID, FEB. s.—We have several times promiSed to our
readers, when we hay- exhorted them not to give credit to the
reports respecting a foreign invasion, which were gradually pro.
pagated, probably with no very good intention, that we would
announce tOthem, without disguise, any danger which might
threaten our liberty and independence. In compliance with
this promise, we are bound to notice the more than suspicious
conduct observed by the French Authorities on the frontier,
with respect to cur fugitive rebels, and the instigators of dis-
turbances amongst us. We have already Stated that our Go-
vernment has presented most energetic remonstrances to the
French Government, complaining of a hostile connivance.—
We besides know, that our Consul at Bayonne has requested
that the Spanish refugees. should be sent into the interior of
France, as the French Government hail ordered. But what
effect was to be expected from the application of the Consul to
the authorities of Bayonne, when we find that the same Govern-
ment, which had ordered the refugees. to proceed to the interior,
has given passports to Qucsada and others of this gang, to en-
able them to go and take up their residene.> in tl.e frontier towns
on the French side ?—(Unierrsai.)

The Dey of Tripoly has appointed his brother-
in-law, Stoic HAssuNA. D'Gnins, his Ambassa-
dor at our Court. This distingnisivA individual
presented his credentials at the last Court,, with
an autograph letter from the Dey, congratulating
his MAJESTY on his Coronation. He was most
graciously received. As well ieformed as un.ts-
suming in his manners, SIDY HASSUNA Dig-HIES
has travelled for several years on the Continent,
where he studied the arts, ,sciences, and laws of
Europe, and had come to this country to com-
plete his stock of information.
.when he re
ceivcd the mandate of his Sovereign, which
raised him to the high post which he now Ells.
He is son to the Key's Prime Minister, whose.
kindly disposition towards Europeans, and li-
berality, are mentioned with a due tribute of
praise aid gratitude by the celebrated Ar.r• BEY
in the second volume of his Travels, and also
by Captain LYONS in his own. We ourselves
have seen letters from Mr. BF.CHER and the other
two English travellers, who are preparing to visit
the interior of Africa. They express the. high
obligations which they owe to HAsstnia."s father
and brother, and state that if they had any
chance of success in their undertaking, it is to
the interference and warm friendship of those
two individuals that they are due. With such
a man as SIDY. HASSUNA himself, in the capacity
of Ambassador at our Court, it is likely that a
connection, may be formed with the African
'states, as beneficial to the domains of science and
civilization, as to the interests of trade.
