tber'

al of both sexes—for, while it facilitates the
city, it enhances-, by producing Whiskers,
graces of manhood:
ROWLAND'S KALYI)OR.
Covaplezion frOin-l'ihe baneful effects of Cold
lospbere ; possesses properties of surprising
delicate White Neck, Hands, and Arms, ana
;loom to the Complexion. Heals harsh and
Cutaneous Eruptions, and produces a beau-
iffords soothing relief to Ladies nursing their
ire/less of the Breast.
f,,,,,,
e."P o at
aving, will find it to allay the smarting pain,
4 littiiiitht: skin smooth and pleasant.
t`it.''•••-.T4 6d.. each,. and pinta at Ss. 6d. each.
d authority. of the Hon.
kre 7011er, 0 preventc,. imposition,
'acjigis. illgrtrinayeedhootnt:mtheps, the name and Address of the Proprie-
Government Stamp, affixed '
on the Cork
thklitl b',WLANi2,
•,0014ts: tkuceia,
tted
bysin respectable
20, HATTON-GARDEN.
tiXiii--.,pectable Perfumers, Aledecine Venders,
t,
4%1.4) -{,ATRONAGE of HIS MAJESTY, and AU-
-11.41-1) h the LORDS of the TREASURY.
, i' it D c„„Y,
ti!a ;ICH cit-ido 1 ORED.—NERVOUS HEAD-
kNti.s. 1411) 1.,..,--2.' RED.—This discovery has proved itself of the
Mitt, "raki° -Lime b) the public. The numerous testimonials the
4,1 'sof thereved dining the fast twenty years, from families and
It NV first
44 ca}l'e, all c resPectability, proving the truth of this infallible
etes,..s.et, °' whom
may be applied to, who have been relieved
ti,ft (ii.'t the et. Su serena, opthaimia, and inflammations, all dis-
k tql, after r ",wesauritd head having been completely eradicated, glasses
~,..itl„ltlgion by 4,3' Years' use, and the person rendered imperviou
t,;rst lesetli '"e frequent use of this delightful compound of the
ti, Ned , e, choice, aromatic, and odoriferous herbs. It is r.e-
114rqilial heiil huiYolc'eculists and medical practitioners for its many vir-
koN ona
‘epatrnnage and character it h.a? attained, is a testi-
.:110110 tx;FSpieinn. To prevent imposition, ask for GRlA_l-
tr\doi2ltreet, IlioNt_UFF, manufactured by the inventor, No. 39,
Zt'ls. -rnSmirY, and No. 24, King-street, Long-acre,
.e't 1' 0
blt 4111110011411 A; LETTER sent to Mr. Grimstone, 39, Broad-
tlts't bt.: faet in .---•" Dear Sir,—You may make use of my name,
lda li-lt, tiliat •!aking your ye Snuff. I have received such
t,,'Y b, ''Ore / tookI can see to write without glasses, which I could
,ok -s t _ .....
eil I ow perfe_your Le Snuff, my eyes being o very weak;
tscr•ot keild „_etly strong! Many of my poor sed men and
t. 't',
_.• °l'd si' chase it in preference to other snuff,ag but
_theey.
elp,,,,ihr, Yours per ounce, or buy it in the cannister. I r
Sikh 'oe.hr s resEectfully H. PLuctzwELL, Governor of the
Vll4,ored.2use, tottenham' , Middlesex, January 24, 1834.
tel' k):"vTE
he.:rik,33. ()Ns of the Editor of the " Old England,'
,4',.,,,%,11(41. 6-I„EY.-R- SNurF.—This is really an 7tbruaotiticlbiinsawrye
Ittkiti
the
it
is %, flat it is compounded we know not,
tl,c4tllotille ey,,s wonderfully efficacious, relieving headache and
tpli'lioi tin }es °f injurious humours, especially if they are o.
kt ,y to e Ihg ove • It is also an extremely complaisant companion
tlbok,Nble thr musty books or writings, and tends most power-
4,,N''' e eye to perform, without fail, an unusual quantity
tell 19s4VA,r,
ti,,,to k: INI4 4ONS orthe Editor of the United Service Gazette,
to-"„diu„°Y ue,;" The advance of 'civilization, which gives birth
v,Nie ,:' orrns of infirmity and disease, brings in its train
this,lo ‘'it.ii•Pt.l4-:c1 remedial agents and new applications of science.
tk!lek, au in
tb In no case has this remark been more signally
tit,' eta aPplia, e modern prevalence of near• sightedness, and
ttilte,
tty sec ees for its relief. Truly, we are a blinking genet:3.-
4N th.r btu ':',.._l'4 nano lares upon us in the streets throup...,h varied
lit„'lls,."'res:',6te, amber, but none of these optical preser-
e,dt, ";;evel., t° restore the impaired facOlty to the vigour of health.
41;4'4 lat stiee student and the literary devotee learn, with gra-
ti 'to i,Ye.,,„ la remedy exi t The instances in which Grim-
tilvit4e;t:tullae rtiae'lr;.strhaasinerrieweds stile power of vision by restoring
~ e e 3,
ra
.intbvid organ are so numerous and well authen-
, oh%lie ay Jostl ua who neglects to make an experiment of
it ~.thl'se 3' be said to indulge a silly scepticism at his
!ikl`4oist`lVt the /
,lti, ttli.,'rs, is.., nventor's Signature on each Cannister. Sold
itllj' and eaebuti, 23. 4{l, 4s. 4d.. and Ss. each. Observe the
ill„,,tri,e kuthor,eaonister " With the patronage of his late Ma-
tk,,",/k,,..t0 kil vsed by the Lords of the Treasury." A. liberal
' "Pars assn Letiondedres of " Grimstone's
.Eye-snuff . All orders
uu,o u• Letters post paid. Genuine old Snuff
4APpy 'led -
1)1t. isi INEss
ill: th, 4 Nured b 2 " the gay td-morrow of the mind,".
~,,,Yet anoWe., Y marriage, Previous, however, to entering
p,.liehly to'lrobligation of marriage,
_ it becomes an impressive
kii44,,e r„T4 the,e,„g!date the passions, but to cleanse the grosser
;N141;41,07 hav-e' unPurities which the freedom of unrestricted
it `l'lor Y--"-a r,tiled uPen it. Luxurious habits will effemi-
Nr:ermye espeei:iiidence in the tropics will relax the elastic fibre
rtliet‘‘lieti,e,oproill.edoes the premature infatuation of youth. .too
wili:e
4LA it
such, tsilthuuerinbeiti
ad.: e address
Nt .r 0 e the .... the natural dignity into a state of inanition,
Itt 4,,,n.
sail sZ,unized sufferer more than doubts the chance of
Nt? "onZetirnes .eugthfelicity. The easy cares of married
ourselves, offering hope—
ikilterrßytilitki4ltyratw
it, tisio,, Proved into yet it Wbyretahtehsufspension of those blessings
orthe
tiatib:sl74oll::::_n* oii:lait°btYlef:i cu.
deficient
451114 e„,., ho
at:i.' osi every relax t. female habit is often
can be strengthened, and.. ' 0 Re well „, . functional power.
of every case of syphilitic
a. ion the generative economy,
tyspeechly, and with effect. Confident
.1.111: eotekr_fer the
ufreglite
as Members of the College of Sur-
! f.i;
~tterw?R into ..8_ e.rmg community of either sex (especially
rtikt,oie e,:`4tice i. m.atrinionial life) at once to our house, where
Ith Ati 1144 * given f
lsi Ich ee for 7 are itn___ for personal consultation ; and letters
, o tti,„„au be io.dviee niediately answered ; these must contain a
4,l4'refOlty
eTrir.ardedailttioMnMedicine describing minutely the case,
41IY
- l'ecu,tru'ic,,n7cy,bsPe
artrvatoifonth.e world, however distant.
vroteete,
fro the the Medicine will be securely packed,
t 44st
ii4rNiiitblislita " and CO. (M. R. C. Surgeons),
k .',',i'es,e'ci cot (tweet fir 74. Lan.caster-place, Strand, London. ANati. exelttsiTit4rY on the edition)-Ist. The 2EGIS of LIFE,
4terr,o;te or, Lueelvo the F above Diseases.-2d. HYGEIANA,
s.„str,_,er-r%, 5 euerea e__male Sex.-3d. The SYPHILIST,
"444. ',i? toi._: Lottio., . ~.yonorrhoao., &c.—May be had at 23,
loriee",Ough 1; 2, Grafton-street, blin
4s. eae‘'`), Trongate, Glasgow ;and of all book-

6,11-1411
)F thiPo4,
[cave /I°fr,--`4l'.
c'r Dort
,"
11
a_ inir
ot.
that ,d ha
ca'''rne t",,
rpourtr:tibieS
t sYrt'Ptcorlc'

lin
hitoct "06,:`.4
publi2e tot;
ov tbat'e
s,,,Teet,so
pasedt. r A'
bee ,ct
100011",00°.
Lu
ed h
dedtlefrenc,
the Jiff' Yr'
e to
,urn.
lied
de tooreil
vb° f° reer'v,
Ls 3 0;;
be 4 Wx
tt
'r :klr• of
r';' • aatur" a
sre
so
in reel} to
to
For 10
tr. t e
iiing at 11'
• trial
er
rta °` at"

), York-g'''

datig,"fro'l
jAlegioiefi
Dry 14°Iji°1'
ir ill"'
of S

c,„on, Jog,
co,
le,ooo
reo,
t sly
of
axles W r
, (1)0
lest "3„ "i ;err
stead,
~
sq., on, ;I„r{
.e, to
late E

rCbtortte
Charlva'
o et ,
Iv J3np;ol°f
eon.t

u Of
Ur/- and
n
seve-th of
,so,mt
icura"--

n suozoni

,land. CaP
48.
IP.Th-
lara• „dirt
P

,i,her 5'517.
e
aleY's•tiert,
,on
0,, Gabe
don•

IVSG'

CUBEBS,withSAR SAPARILLA,&c.—STIR-
LING'S REE'S ESSENCE.—The most safe and certain
remedy ever discovered for gleets. strictures, inflammation, weak-
ness, heat, irritation, and all diseases of the sexual and urinary pas-
sages, frequently performing a perfect cure in the short space of
three or four days.' It contains, in a concentrated state, all the ef-
ficacious parts of the cubeb, chymically combined with sarsaparilla,
and other choice alteratives, which render it invaluable for the cure
of secondary symptoms. cutaneous eruptions, and all diseases ori-
ginating from a tainted or impure state of the blood. In . case of
debility, tabes, wasting, and premature decay, it has been taken
with the most decided benefit, and has invariably been found to im-
prove the digestive powers, give muscular strength, energy, and
vigorous health to the whole frame. The most delicate female may
take it with perfect safety.
Prepared only by J. W. Stirling, chymist, 86, High-street,
Whitechapel, frpm whom it can be sent to any part of the world,
upon enclosing the amount, in bottles at 4s. 6d., 10s., and 20s.
each. Agents—Barclay, Farringdon-street ; Sanger, 150, Oxford-
street; Prout, 226, Strand ; Harvey, 63, Great Surrey-road,
Blackfriars; lleudebourck, 326, Middle-row, Holborn ; Johnston,
63, Cornhill ; and all the principal medicine venders of Europe.
Be sure " J. W. Stirling" is engraved on the stamp.

CAUTION.
THE PUBLIC is warned against the calumnies
which continually appear in " The WEEKLY DIS-
PATCH" on MORISON'S PILLS. One of its many false and
impudent assertions is the following, which appeared in the
" WEEKLY DESPATCH" of the 20th October, 1834, viz.:—
" Would it be believed that the Chemists and Druggists have re-
fused to sell their poison?" Now, we appeal to the public, whe-
ther it is not a notorious fact that the British College of Health has
withheld " The Universal Medicines" from the Chemists and
Druggists throughout the Kingdom ; a great portion of whom
made application to vend them ; and that, in consequence of a
refusal, they (the Chemists and Druggists) set up, and supported a
spurious
imitation, which, after copying the hand-bills of the Col-
lege, word for word, they designated (in order to make the imposi-
tion more feasible) " Dr. Morrison 's Pills ;" against which open
fraud we have cautioned the public for upwards of three years.
More than this need not be said to prove that the attacks against
the Medicine, or its Proprietors, are all base fabrications ; unless,
to lay more bare the secret spring of the vile vituperations of the
" DISPATCH," we state that the sole cause of its atrocious pro-
ceeding, arose from our having, some time ago, purchased the Pro-
prietorship of a Journal, known by the name of " THE NEW
WEEKLY DISPATCH;" and thus, from motives of private in-
terest, this Paper has done all in its power hitherto, to mislead the
public. MORISON, AM XI, and Co.
British College of Health, Oct. 30, 1834.

J. and W. Jackson, stationers, Strand, Nov. 20, at eleven, at the
Court of Bankruptcy.
S. Brady, grocer, Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey, Nov. 21, at
eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
W. It. Thorn, victualler, Southend, Essex, Nov. 21, at twelve,
at the Wirt of Bankruptcy.
R. Day, oil-broker, Crooked-lane, Nov. 20, at twelve, at the
Court of Bankruptcy.
B. and T. Sweetapple, paper-manufacturers, Catteshall Mill,
Godalming, Surrey, Nov. 21, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
S. Shepherd, silversmith, Strand, Nov. 21, at one, at the Court
of Bankruptcy.
F. W. Isaac, musical instrument-maker, Charlotte-street, Fitz-
roy-square, Nov. 21, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
G. and C. Coles, brokers, Mincing-lane, Nov. 21, at eleven, at

the Court of Bankruptcy.
B. Fenwick, iron-founder, Stella, Durham, Nov. 25, at one, at
the Bankrupt Commission-room, Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
J. Brunton, ship-builder, Southwick, Durham, Nov. 24, at
eleven, at the Bridge Inn, Bishopwearmouth.
R. P. Jones, linen-draper, Abergavenny, Nov. 27, at one, at the
Commercial ROoms,.Bristol.
R. Merry, corn merchant, Nov. 26, at three, at the office of Mr.
Newton, Norwich.
J. F., W. F.,and T. Bowgin, plumbers, Bristol, Nov. 27, at
twelve, at the ommercial Rooms, Bristol.
J. Amphlett, druggist, Worcester, Nov. 27, at two, at the Com-
mercial Rooms, Bristol.
A. Duncan, cloth merchant, Halifax, Nov. 24, at eleven, at the
White Swan Inn, Halifax.
B. Thomas, merchant, Liverpool, Nov. 22, at one, at the office
of Mr. Byrom, Liverpool.
B. and R. Butterworth, cotton-spinners, Rochdale, Lancashire,
Nov. 27, at the Commissioners' Rooms, Manchester.
J. Waters and A. and D. Jones, bankers, Nov. 27, at one, at the
Ivy Bush Hotel, Carmarthen.
J. Webster, scrivener, Lancaster, Nov. 26, at one, at the King's
Arms, Lancaster.
CERTIFICATES, Nov. 21.

G. Walker, mercer, Newport, Shropshire.
S. Drinkwater, coal-merchant, Liverpool.
J. Goren, scrivener, Orchard-street, Portman-square
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

E. Dorset and W. Love, butchers, Mount-row, New Kent-road.

Al. and C. S. Newman, Fore-street, Cripplegate.
J. Dresser and T. Taylor, provision-agents, Mill-lane, Tooley-st.
J. Pattison and G. P. Kennan, warehousemen, Watling-street.
T. Blundell, R. Blundell, E. Hslsall, and M. Johnson, confec-
tioners, Southport, Lancashire (so far as regards R. Blundell).
W. R. Brown and E. Dunham, grocer, Tattershall, Lincoln-
s'a ire.

D. Blyth, J. Inglis, A. Hamilton, and W. Hughes, feather-
d; essers, Upper Thames-street, London (so far as regards D. Blyth
and J. Inglis).
C. Lonsdale and R. Mills, music-sellers, Middlesex.
R. C. Griffith and C. Farquharson, apothecaries, Tottenham-
c urt- road.

J. Holiday and T. Grundy, machine-makers, Preston.
W. Smith and R. Riley, warehousemen, Great Distaff-lane.
J. Kennay and H. Owen, piano forte-makers, St. John-street,
Cerkenwell.

SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS.
JOHN HENDERSON and Co., drapers, Stanley, Perthshire,
Nova 4 and 19, at one, at the Black Bull Inn, Glasgow.
BROWN and MORTON, grocers, Kilmarnock, Nov. 5 and
19, at twelve, at the Town Clerk's Chambers, Kilmarnock.

COMPETITION A PUBLIC BENEFIT.—Last year
the chimneys of the Barrack Department of Portsmouth gar-
rison, amounting to about 900, were contracted for to be swept
at threepence half-penny each. This year 15 candidates sent
in tenders, when, strange as it may appear, a competent person
undertook to do this work for nothing, being satisfied with the
value of the soot.

AWFUL CATASTROPHE AT GUERNSEY.-„ nro7
a groundless panic, which occurred at Ebenezer Chapel, on
the evening of the 26th instant, we have to record a most me-
lancholy and fatal catastrophe. The circumstances under
which the awful calamity occurred were the following :—The
congregation assembled, as usual, at six o'clock in the even-
ing, and was rather larger than on ordinary occasions--pro-
bably about 1,000 persons. It was perceived, shortly after
the commencement of the service, that the gas-lights waved
and fluctuated up and down. The service, however, which
was unusually solemn, proceeded without any inconvenience
from this cause. Just as the congregation were about to rise
for the purpose of singing, the gas suddenly commenced wav-
ing and fluctuating as it had done at the commencement of
the service, only considerably more than before, the lights at
one moment being up, at the next all but totally out. At the
second descent several of the lights went out, and at the next
several more—all this took place in the space of a few seconds.
A few doors were then heard to open, and one or two ladies
shrieked. The smashing of the windows, which many took
for explosions from tho burners, was heard in various direc-
tions, accompanied by the cry of " Fire !" This was enough
—the shrieks of the females became overwhelming—sauve qui
peut, even among men, appeared to be the prevalent feeling
among the panic-striken portion of the congregation, and all
efforts to dispel the horror that had laid hold of them were ab-
solutely fruitless. The sacrifice of life has, we deeply regret
to say, been great—no less than seven persons having fallen
victims to this groundless panic.—Guernsey Star.

eviclencd,of the justice and the wisdom of their ancestors.
(Cheers.) And here, Sir, I cannot avoid remarking how
instinct the spirit of political liberty is with the spirit of
goodwill and benevolence to all mankind—how eagerly it
seeks to do good, and to communicate to all that which
forms the essence of its own virtuous and enlightened hap-
pinness. No sooner were the real representatives of the
people of this country admitted into the great council of
the nation, than the first and most pressing of their instruc-
tions from that people were to let the oppressed go free—to
break the bonds of the bondsmen, and to proclaim liberty to
those who sat in the darkness and shadow of slavery.—
(Cheers.) Behold, Sir, the Genius of British Reform,
with the Reform Bill in one hand and negro freedom in the
other.—(Vehement cheers.) The emancipation of the ne-
gro appears to me, Sir, to be one of the greatest events in
the history of our race ; it is the act by which I believe the
present generation, will be chiefly distinguished in future
times. It is an act which has elevated the national
character wherever the name of Britain is known, and will
contribute largely to the education and progress of man-
kind in the true principles of social happiness and wisdom.
_(Cheers.) The toast which I am about to give, Sir, fol-
lows, with equal grace and propriety, the one to the memory
of Fox, that great man who first lopped off the branches
of the tree of negro slavery. Pitt, the type of modern
Toryism, in the plenitude of his power declaimed against the
slave trade, and Fox, with the weakness of a short-lived
administration to struggle against, abolished it.—(Cheers.)
We have been told, gentlemen, of the dangers, possible and
probable, of making the negroes free : they were ignorant,
it was said—they were demoralized—unfit to appreciate the
value of freedom, or wisely to make use of it ; and nothing
else was to be looked for than a wide destruction of pro-
perty, and perhaps the dissolution of civil society itself.—
(Cheers.) Where are these fears now? show us the cala-
mitous results as yet, and three months have now passed
since the sun has shone upon negro freedom.—(Cheers.)
How, gentlemen, were these ignorant and dangerous peo-
ple, so unfit for freedom, employed upon the evening of the-
31st of July last, waiting for the morning light which was
to shine upon the liberty of 800,000 of the negro race ?
(Cheers.) Doubtless they were assembled in nds of dar-
ing and ferocious conspirators, lying in wait like the crouch-
ing tiger, ready for the fatal spring, and determined to take
a long and deep revenge for their many wrongs. Learn
the truth, gentlemen : these people, not ripe for liberty,
and said by some to be so viciously disposed, were
assembled, I have been informed by an intelligent friend,
in thousands inside and outside of the Wesleyan
chapels, waiting to usher in the era of their freedom with
the voice of prayer and of thanksgiving to that great Being
whom they thus beautifully recognized as the author of this
the latest and the best of their social blessings.—(Cheers.)
Gentlemen, this fact is one of the noblest upon the records
of Man's History ; it makes the heart run over but to men-
tion it, and redeems and illustrates our common nature.
But there was a conspiracy deep and dangerous, we have
been told, in one at least of the islands, for there the negroes
assembled in crowds and insisted that the King had bought
their freedom out and out, and as evidence of their offensive
intentions, we are also assured that they had no offensive
weapons whatever with them ; and, Sir, they offered violence
to none, in order to prove their murderous designs towards all.
—(Cheers.) But further, I am sorry to say, these misguided
persons proceeded in their insurrectionary movements ; they
actually—and this, at least, was flat rebellion, contradict it
who will—called the governor an old rogue.—(Laughter.)
And now, gentlemen, I ask you, and you will answer me ho-
nestly, did you never call any of your governors old rogues
(Laughter.) Nay, havd you not for years been shouting this
at the top of your lungs,with this pleasing result from your in
subordination, that you have got an entirely new set of go-
vernors, and it is to be hoped of a much better character.—
(Cheers.) I must say, when I heard of the negroes calling
their governors rogues, it struck me that they must have
received the elements of their education among the Radi-
cals of the West of Scotland.—(Cheers.) There has been,
I believe, also, slight effervescences on the surface of society
in one or two other quarters, but no violence has been
committed, or blood shed, as far as I have heard, by the
manumitted negroes. These eruptions, Sir, are slight, and
ephemeral as the escape of an air bubble or two in some
corner of one of our mountain lakes, lyinc, in all the depth
and repose of its summer beauty, and reflecting in its pel-
lucid depths the grace and the grandeur of the surrounding
shores. I admit, however, that this great social experiment
has not yet had a sufficient trial to warrant us in being too
sanguine as to its more immediate effects. Of its ultimate
success I entertain no doubt. To insure the former, or, it
may be, the latter, the Government and people of this
country will require to exercise a prudent and zealous
superintendence ; and now that the question of abolition is
settled, let us hope that abolitionists and anti-abolitionists
will heartily and honestly set themselves to carry into effect
safely and surely this noble attempt to transmute the
abodes of slavery into the happy dwelling-places of freedom,

Mr. JOHN BOYLE GRAY proposed " the Memory of
Franklin, Washington, Jefferson, who vindicated the prin-
ciple of no taxation without representation." In emase-
quence of the lateness of the hour and the difficulty which
wa pow felt in obtaining a hearing, Mr. Gray refrained
from speaking.af any length.
Mr. KENNEDY, of Hull, spoke to the following effect :
Gentlemen, the toast which I shall have the honour of pro-
posing to you embodies a sentiment worthy of a generous
and high-minded nation, and in admirable harmony with the
spirit which pervades this meeting of the intellignet and in-
dependent citizens of the great commercial capital of the
north—a meeting brought together by no party agency or
underhand manoeuvring, but spontaneously, and in perfect
singleness of purpose and of feeling, to testify their respect
for a statesman who possesses, in addition to matured ex-
perience and commanding abilities, the crowning character-
ristic of a popular leader, of undeviating, uncompromising in-
tegrity. The sentiment to which I refer, gentlemen, relates
to the extension of principles dear to Britons, and which
form the foundation and the bulwark of our rights and pri-
vileges, to nations among life, liberty, and property—un-
chartered, unprotected—are placed at the mercy of irrespon-
sible power. Despotic rulers may arm their serfs for the
oppression of mankind ; it is the part of freemen to promote
the universality of freedom, to offer to others the blessings
which they themselves enjoy, if a conclave of arbitrary
sovere'gns hurl their decrees against institutions which
raise man to his proper elevation. Let us, while we laugh
to scorn their impotent attempts, unite in the prayer that
the influence of liberal principles may reach their benighted
subjects, to enlighten and redeem them, in spite of the iron
barriers raised for their exclusion by imperial jealousy and
terror. The appearances of the times are cheering, nor
can we be considered over-sanguine in hailing the dawning
of a brighter and better day for Europe. By the measure
of Earl Grey's administration the charter of British liberty
was renewed and extended, and the 'vantage ground effec-
tually and permanently secured for the people. On the
continent of Europe the continuity of despotism is for ever
broken, and France, Belgium, Spain, and Portugal—but a
very few years ago links of a degrading chain that reached
from St. Petersburgh to Rome—now present a glorious
front against the.:onemies of civilization. The rapid ad-
vances in the cultivation of the arts of peace, the astonish-
ing achievements of mechanical invention and manufacturing
industry, of which so many examples are around us, are
scarcely more wonderful than is the progress made from
political darkness towards political light. We may con-
gratulate ourselves on belonging to the present generation.

We are more fortunate than our forefathers in the circum-
stances of our social condition. They prepared the ground
and sowed the seed, they bore the labour and heat of the
day, and passed away without enjoying the fruit of their
toils ; while we who have seen it ripen, hope also to witness
the gathering of the harvest. And can the march of truth
and knowledge be arrested at a period like this, by orders
dictated at the drumhead in an Austrian or Russian camp ?
Impossible : the current of opinion will roll on regardless
of the efforts that may be made to control it. No array of
bayonets can prevent the interchange of thought ; and in the
constant communication which the wants of society render ne-
cessary between the inhabitants of constitutional and despotic
states, the secret fatal to tyranny will assuredly be revealed—
the secret, that man has a right to equal and impartial govern-
ment, and that to violate that right is to strike at the very
heart of justice. Commerce is the certain but peaceful
propagandist of the doctrines of freedom ; under its shelter
popular privileges arose and expanded in the gloom and
rigour of the feudal ages ; under its auspices they will con-
tinue to flourish and increase, until the nations of the earth
shall become as one family, and the sun, from his rising to
his setting, shall not look upon a slave. I thank you, gen-
tlemen, for the attention with which you have honoured
me. I beg you will join in drinking —" The Progress of
Liberal Principles in the Despotic States of Europe."
Mr. BEITH was next called on, and spoke to the follow-
ing effect :—Mr. Chairman, Croupiers, and Gentlemen,
and, if it would not be offensively familiar, I would say
Ladies too ; but, be that as it may, on this exciting occasion
I have most undeservedly had the honour conferred on me
of proposing a toast to this meeting—a meeting which,
when we con sider the nature, the prevalence, and the force
of the principles which have given birth to it, must be re-
garded as one of the many signs which distinguish the
times we livein as being pregnant with events which, when
fully evolved, shall mightily influence the destinies not only
of our own country, but eventually those of the world.—
(Cheering.) We, gentlemen, did not come here to eat our
dinner, which we might have done more comfortably at home
with our wives and children, that is to say, those of you who,
not being disciples of the warm-hearted Miss Martineau have
possessed yourselves of those necessary adjuncts of human
happiness.—(Cheers.) Neither, gentlemen, have we come
here to gratify an idle curiosity, in witnessing the spectacle
of so large a dinner party, and which, in the absence
of more manly and stirring considerations, might not
have been wholly devoid of interest.—(Cheers.) Neither,
gentlemen, have we come here for the mere purpose of !n-
-terchanging a few personal complimentary expressions with
each other, or even with our illustrious guest. No ; such
personal glorification might be in place in the last act of a

cattle show, where the principal performers fancy the claims
of their principles to universal adoption to be in exact pro-
portion to the dignity of their title, or the expanse of their
estates ; but with the patriot, whose indignation is not more /
ready to be roused at the wrongs of his country, than his /I-
philanthropy is to step forward to redress them if he can, s
nothing short of his country's well-being, and that in the
most extensive sense of the term, can by him be thought
worthy of the demonstration the reformers of the west of
Scotland are now making of their determination that, in as
far as their interest can be made constitutionally available,
every abuse in the administration of the affairs of the
country shall be put down as soon as the forms of law and
legislation can allow.—(Cheers.) Need I say, gentlemen,
that this is the animus of this great meeting—(Cheers)—
or that less than this would have been but a poor tribute
of respect, I do not say to the nobleman, but the noble-
man—(Loud cheers)—whom we all delight to honour as
one of the most efficient of the promoters of the great
measure of Parliamentary Reform, which first called Scot-
land into political existence—(Cheers)s—and who, since
the passing of that measure, has been indefatigable
in his exertions to bring about those practical reforms for
which Parliamentary Reform was chiefly desirable.—
(Cheers.) We, gentlemen, are iso theorists—we are prac-
tical men.—(Cheers.) It is true we do appreciate the
honour of the concession lately made to as, not of the boon,
as some call it, but of the right of electing our own repre-
sentatives in Parliament ; but what would it signify to the
agriculturist, to the merchant, to lie tradesman, or to some
workmen, that they should, one in seven years or so, be-
come the very particular and much-esteemed friends of some
candidate for a seat in St. Stephen's--or somewhere else,
now that that edifice has been destroyed,—if they are still
to be subjected to the same excessive taxation and expen-
sive justice that obtained under the old seat-mongering sys-
tem, which the Speaker of the House of Commons, on one
occasion, declared to be "as notorious as the sun at noon-
day ?" Absolutely nothing—(Cheering)—and hence the
all but universal determination to carry those practical
measures by which taxation may be lessened and justice
cheapened.—(Loud cheers.) But, gentlemen, in saying
this, and while, in common with you all, I lament the lan-
guid march of practical reform, I would not be understood
as insinuating that, because we have not obtained every-
,thing, we have obtained nothing aon Use- contrary, I most • .
willingly and most gratefully acknowledge that from the
Parliamentary Reform Bill, under the administration of
Earl Grey, there has resulted various measures of the
most beneficial tendency—(Cheering)—and that in as far
as some of the intentions of that Administration were
concerned, we have the House of Lords to thank—
(Cheers)--that other measures which would have been
equally beneficial, were not propounded, or, if *pounded,
were not allowed to pass. But, gentlemen, they
_shall
pass—(Cheering)—and in a more perfect form, on some
early future day, hastened, perhaps, by the ." pressure
from without," which the operation of the extended fran-
chise cannot fail to produce to the necessary extent.—
(Cheering.) In the mean time, however, it would be un-
just and ungrateful to overlook or set down as nothing the
measures to which I have alluded, and especially the two
two great leading measures of the first reformed Parliament
—(Vehement applause)—the Scottish Burgh Reform Bill,
by which the people of Scotland have been enabled to re-
sume their long-lost right of managing their own municipal
affairs, for the better it is to be hoped, but if not, they •
will have themselves to blame, and the Negro Slavery Abo-
lition Bill, by which 800,000 of our fellow-subjects have
been placed within the reach of moral and religious im-
provement—(Cheers)—who till lately seemed to be doomed
to the degradation of interminable bondage—(Cheering)—
utter strangers to the ennobling privilege of thinking
and acting for themselves. This last measure was in-
deed obtained at an expense of 20,000,0001. sterling, and
without, as I think, any right, or at least moral right,
on the part of those who claimed property in the bones
and sinews of their fellow men.—( Loud cheers.) But,
great as that -price undoubtedly is, it is not to be
named in comparison of the great act of justice, of
which, for the sake of peace I suppose, it was made the
price ; at any rate, the foul stain of slavery is now wiped
from our national escutcheon.—(Cheering.) It is " among
the things that were," as many other matters which still
stand in the way of good and cheap government, and of
which all good reformers complain, will soon be ; . and then,
gentlemen, we shall have at least triennial Parliaments and
household suffrage—(Applause)—which will secure us in
all time coming against the burden of unmerited pensions,
sinecures, the dead weight people, a standing army in time
of peace—(Cheers)—unequal laws, and expensive justice—
(Cheers)—including of course the uprooting of all monopo-
lies, whether agricultural— {Cheers)—commercial, or cede-.
siastical.—s(Cheers.) Mr. Hume having long been the able,
the honest, and the unwearied advocate of all these econo-
mical reforms, I have great pleasure in proposing to you as a
toast, " Mr. Hume (honest Joseph) and economical reform"
Bailie HENDRY, of Paisley, said—The toast which is put
'into nay-hase4-will be one found tele. ka-parfeet accordance
with the sentiments of liberta and independence to which we
have been giving such free expression on this memorable
occasion.—(Cheers.) It is a toast meant to carry our best
feelings and sympathies generously beyond ourselves to a far
and foreign land—it is to unfortunate Poland.—(Cheers.)
At the period of her last heroic struggle to regain her national
independence, we all know that Poland was in subjugation
to other governments, and her inhabitants little better than
slaves. None had a share in the appointment of her rulers,
and few a choice in her legislators. Even her hereditary
noblesse stood but the shadow of their former greatness,
and were the mockery and contempt of a Russian Cabinet.
—(Cheers.) The domination of that unhappy land was
vested in foreigners, who shared in the spoils of confisca-
tion, who levied imposts at pleasure, who diverted her re-
sources into foreign channels, and sacrificed her best and
dearest interests to promote the interests of the country to
which they naturally belonged. Surely, then, resistance to
such foreign usurpation and misrule was justifiable, provided
high hopes of success warranted the dreadful hazard. We
know, however, that the issue of' the memorable struggle
was fatally unsuccessful. Permit me here to advert to one
circumstance, that the Noble Lord who has graced our
meeting on the present occasion went on the humane
errand to St. Petersburgh, to procure alleviation in the suf-
ferings of the captive and exiled, and to avert some of the
impending calamities that were fast falling upon ruined Po-
land. What success attended that mission perhaps we
never yet knew, yet enough we know of the calamities of
that eventful period, and the present desolation of Poland,
to excite oar deepest commiseration for her fate, and our
warmest wishes for her future prosperity.—(Loud cheers.)
He concluded by giving—" The speedy restoration of Po-
land to the rank of an independent nation."—(Tremendous
applause.)
At a quarter past twelve o'clock Lord Durham left the
room accompanied by a number of the gentlemen who oc-
cupied the head of the table.
The CHAIRMAN then said that they must all be satis-
fied that the meeting of this day had done more for the
cause of reform than anything which had ever occurred in
Glasgow ; but as Earl Durham had now retired, fatigued
with the proceedings of the day, he thought it would be
better for them to drink good night, and separate. This was
accordingly done, and the party separated.

THE LAST DAYS OF POMPEII.—" Unquestion-
ably we may rank this," observes a contempory, " as the most
talented production of Mr. Bulwer for it has a commanding
interest, a masterly view of the subject, that give it full claim
to the most unqualified praise. We meet in every page with
beautiful and sublime passages. We must be content to con-
fine our notice to a recommendation of this work, as the best
evidence we have hitherto met with of the high talents of Mr.
Bulwer ; it is, indeed, a magnificent and classical romance."

The Poor Law Commissioners have appointed four
of their Assistant Commissioners, three of whom were sworn
in on Tuesday before Mr. Justice Williams, and one on Wed-
nesday, before Mr. Justice Littledale. The gentlemen named
are, Major Sir Francis Head, the author of the " Bubbles
from the Brunnens of Nassau ;" Edward Gulson, Esq., of
Coventry ; Daniel Goodson Adye, Esq., of Markgate Hall,
Hefts ; and Colonel Charles Ashe A'Court, brother of Lord
Heytesbury. We hear that two other gentlemen have been
appointed, but not sworn.

CORK DINNER TO MR. O'CONNELL.—A list
was yesterday ( Sunday), opened at the Chamber of Com-
merce, for receiving the names of such persons as wish to join
in the public entertainment of the Liberator, when the names
of sixty gentlemen were instantly subscribed. This dinner is
expected to be the most splendid ever given in the South to
Mr. O'Connell, and will be attended by all the worth and
patriotism of our city and its vicinity. We cannot now pre-
cisely inform our readers the exact day on which the dinner
will be given ; but it will be, we think, certainly in the course
of a fortnight.—Cork Chronicle.
STATUE OF KEAN.--II is proposed to place in
Westminster Abbey, by subscription, a statue of this admirable
representative of Shakspeare's heroes. He will of course ap.
pear in character, as posterity can have no interest save in the
actor only. A Committee has been appointed ; some sub..
scriptions received. The character of appointed
has been se-
lected as fittest for the sculptor's art—Hamlet contemplating
the skull of Yorick. The work has been entrusted to John
Carew, a sculptor of the purest classic taste, and with powers
of execution which have been rarely equalled, never sir-
passed.—Frazer's Magazine.
NEW WARMINSTER ItoAD.—The Viaduct at the
foot of Brass Knocker Hill is now completed. It was com-
menced on the 3d of last June ; and was finished on the 25th
inst., a period of little more than four months. The bridge
consists of 11 arches, each of 21 feet span, and, including the
guard walls, 39 feet high fro the meadow: the road on the
top is 33 feet wide ; and the length of the bridge is 340 feet.
A Committee of the Black Dog Turnpike Trust have closely
inspected the work, and have pronounced that great praise is
due to Mr. David Aust, the builder, of this city.—Bath
Herald.
