FRENCH CHAMBERS.

bESCRIPTION the CHAMBER of DE-
P UTIE S,and PR 0 GRAMME of the EARLY
PART of the SESSION.
The Session will commence on Monday, the 19th,
in the Hall of the Chamber of Deputies. The ne-
cessary preparations are already in progress. A
throne has been erected on the spot, which will be
occupied on the following day by the bores u of the
President and Secretaries, and the tribune of the
Orators. The Peers will be seated within the cir-
cular enclosure, on the benches to the right, and
the Deputies on those to the left. Two arm-
chairs, the one for M. Pasquier, President of the
Chamber of Peers, and the other for the Senior
Member of the Chamber of Deputies, who is Presi-
dent pro tempore, have been placed near the throne.
One of the tribunes of the first tier is reserved for the
Queen, and the young Prince and Princesses of the
Royal Family; and behind them a space has been
left for the public, admitted without tickets. On
Saturday, the 17th, the Deputies will hold a
private meeting, under the Presidency of Count
Duchatalet, the senior Member, for the purpose of
drawing the names of the 25 Deputies who, accord-
ing to the law of August 13th, 1814, are to go and
meet the King the day of the Royal sitting. Ac-
cording to the same law, the Deputation of the
Chamber of Peers is only to consist of 12 Mem-
bers. During the solemnity of Monday, the
Peers lately created, who are now present in
Paris, will be called upon to take the fol-
lowing oath :—" I swear allegiance to the King
of the French, obedience to the Constitutional
Charter, and to act, in every respect, as a good and
loyal Peer of France." The Deputies elected since
the last Session shall also take the oath. The two
Chambers never deliberating in common, no other
discourse, except that of his Majesty, will be deli-
vered. Immediately afterwards the Sitting will
break up. Ott Tuesday the Chamber of Peers will
meet in the Palace of the Luxemburg, and proceed
to the re-organization of its bureaux, and the elec-
tion of the Committee who is to prepare the Address
in reply to the Speech from the throne : it will
then vacate for some days. The Chamber of De-
puties, on account of its peculiar organization, is
obliged to proceed more slowly. On Tuesday, the
20th, it will hold a public sitting, for the appoint-
ment, by lot, of the Members of the nine bureaux
into which the Chamber is divided. The latter will
then retire, to decide whether the elections of 12
or 15 new Deputies have been legally made, and
probably report on them in the course of the day.
On Wednesday, the 21st, the Chamber will pro-
ceed to the election, by ballot, of its Presi-
dent. In case none of the candidates should
obtain the required majority, another ballot will
take place on the following day. The sittings
of Thursday and Friday will most probably be
occupied with the election of the four Vice-Pre-
sidents and four Secretaries. It is only after
the formation of the bureaux, and the appoint-
ment of the President, that the Chamber, being
definitely constituted, can go into the discussion of
the Address. The House will form into Commit-
tees for that purpose, and name a Commission of
nine, of which the President is by right a member.
The Commission generally takes a couple of days
to prepare the draught of the Address; so that it
is not likely, unless the Chamber meet on Sunday,
that the public discussion of the Address will com-
mence before Monday, the 26th. After this first
and important discussion, the Ministers will present
a Bill for the levying of douziemes provisoires of the
direct taxes, and the provisional continuation of the
indirect taxes, for the first three months of 1833
That law must be promulgated in the departments
before the Ist of January, and, consequently, be
voted and published in the Bulletin des Lois before
the 20th Dec.—French Ministerial Paper.

MIDDLESEX ELECTION-LORD HENLEY

A meeting of the electors of Middlesex, resident
in Hampstead and the vicinity, in the interest of
Lord Henley, was held last evening, at the Holly
Bush Tavern, Hampstead. There were assembled

between three and four hundred.
Mr. GARRATT was called to the chair. The peo-
ple had now come to a new era in the Constitution.
The question would no longer be, is a man a Whig
or Tory, but is he a man of principle ? Will he
advocate th.e cause, not of a party, but of the coun-
try ? Will he support virtue, religion, and good
order, against vice, irreligion, and anarchy ? There
was about to be a feat ful struggle between these;
and he (the Chairman) had no doubt as to whose
banners the electors of Middlesex would enlist
themselves. Would they support a man who had
had the impiety to propose, in the House of Com-
mons, that the words " Divine Providence"
should be left out in the Cholera Bill ? Would
they support a man who had thought fit to remain
at table at a dinner party where that most natui al
and usual mark of respect, " his Majesty's health"
had been refused ? Would they elect a man who
had, in the same House of Commons, talked lightly
of the slavery of 800,000 of our fellow-subjects—of
their murderous slavery ?
Mr. LOWNDES said—" This is really going too fat"
—(Cries of " No, no ! go on ! chair, chair!")
The CHAIRMAN, with renewed energy, vociferated
that he was not going too far in calling it a mur-
derous slavery. He was not one of those who
minted Mr. Hume's talk about abstract right.
Mr. LOWNDES said, the meeting could not keep
hearing this sort of thing.
The CHAIRMAN, after some further similar obser-
vations on slavery, most decidedly agreed with

Lord Henley.
Mr. LOWNDES addressed the meeting, whom he
informed that Mr. Day, the author of ,Sandford and
Merton, was his uncle, and from him he imbibed
a most decided feeling against slavery. Mr. L.
then stated that he had been in this parish ferry
years, and was a great friend of General Wash-
ington, who had personally made his (Mr. LownJes')
uncle a present of his portion. Mr. Lowndes then
proceeded to show the difference between Washing-
ton and Bonaparte—the latter having only worked
for himself. He (Mr. L.) advocated the abolition
of slavery.
Lord HENLEY—The episode introduced after the
chairman's speech being now concluded, he would
addresss the meeting. The present aspect of affairs
is of as dangerous a hue as that which preceded the
French Revolution : the people in a state ripe for
the purposes of a set of demagogues, who, for the
sake of their own ends and a temporary popularity,
would disorganize the Government and attack all
the friends of good order and good government. At
the same time it cannot be disguised, that even our
wonderfully admirable institutions have, from the
lapse of time and the collateral progress of events,
become open to a certain degree of alteration and
improvement ; but such reformation must be ef-
t*, eted on sound, wise, and religious principles. His
political and national sentiments he had fully de-
tailed in a published address. To slavery he was
a mast decided enemy, as a system wholly wrong,
unniixessary, and impious. But this Christian end
he would attain in a Christian way : he would not
do evil that good might come of it. If he should
be satisfied that bloodshed and ruin would ensue
from the immediate freedom of the Blacks, he should
have recourse to more cautious methods. With re-
gard to compensation, he thought it was surely right
that England, the guilty participator in so atrocious a
crime, should, at the s sole time that she makes re-
paration to the injured, not ruin the means she had
employed, but should satisfy them even if she
pledged her last acre. With regard to the Dissen-
ters, he was most desirous that every civil and re-
ligious liberty should be granted to all his brethren.
He had certainly voted in the minority on the Test
Act some years ago ; but lie had since seen his er-
ror. Lastly, with regard to that most important
point—the present state of the Church—it was
one on which he had always felt, and should feel
most deeply. It would be the greatest misery
that could occur were the Church of England to fall.
It was evident, however, that much ought, and
