LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 21, 1833.

The French Papers of Tuesday and Wednes-
day contai❑ no public intelligence of moment.
Preparations for the departure of Queen Donna
MARIA were still going forward, and it was
generally supposed that the place of her em-
barkation would be Havre, where she would be
met by Admiral NAPIER and the whole of his
fleet. It was also rumoured at Paris that Count
ALEXANDER DELABORDE had set out for
England with fresh assurances on the part of the
French Government, having for their object the
consolidation of the alliance so happily existing
between the two countries. From Switzerland

there was no news of interest. The Augsburg
Gazelle, of the 14th inst. mentioned that the
sudden triumph of Donna MARIA'S cause had
caused great embarrassment at Rome, the POPE
having previously acknowledged Don MIGUEL
as King of Portugal.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Pnats, Am 19.
Five per Cents., 105 f. 101 f. 95c. 90c.
Four per Cents., 94f. 20c.
Three per Cents., 76f. 75c. Sec.
Bank Actions, 1,725 f.
Rente de Naples, 92f. 55c 65c. 70c.
Roman Five per Cents., 92 91% 93.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 17.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 43% 43 43%.
Royal Spanish Loan, 86.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 69N z.;4
Belgic Loan, 1831, 97%.
Haytian Loan, 280 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 251.50 c. ; money, 251. 59c.
Three mouths, paper, 25f. 40c. ; money, 251. 40c.
—Cours Authentique.

Some of the morning papers have, we per-
ceive, stated in their Parliamentary reports, that
the order for the third reading of the Forgery
of Stamps Bill was discharged. We regret to
say that such is not the case. It was read a
third time and passed. We much fear that the
forgeries it is intended to prevent, will, by the
diminution in the amount of discounts allowed
on stamps, be increased.

Our readers will perceive with pleasure that
the Slavery Abolition Bill has at length passed
the House of Lords. Lord WYNFORD gave
a notice upon the occasion of some importance;
it was that he should next year move for leave
to bring in a Bill to prevent the introduction
into this country of anything the produce of
slave labour. His Lordship states his object
to be completely to prevent our being con-
taminated by slavery. Perhaps this is what
we ought to have confined ourselves to
from the beginning, and we marvel at so
pure a man as Lord WYNFORD ever hav-
ing submitted to drink sugar, the produce of
slave labour. We shall rejoice in the exclusion
of slave labour, and we shall acknowledge that
we do Lord WYNFORD injustice if he proves
himself willing to admit the produce of all free
labour upon equal terms, merely making the
usual favourable distinctions in favour of our
own possessions over those of foreign powers.

The infliction with which the poorer classes
were threatened in the shape of a Bill
to restore
to Magistrates the monopoly of licensing public-
houses, has for a season been postponed. Our
readers are aware that the country gentlemen had
nfluence enough some months back to procure
the appointment of a Committee to examine
into the atrocities of beer drinking. Sundry
old women proved before the Committee that
every thing had gone wrong since beer had
been cheap and good. Poaching and rick-burn-
ing, said the country sages, have increased
ittce beer has been drank in shops licensed by
the excise instead of by us, ergo, we only,
ought to have power to license the sale of beer.
The composition of the Committee could leave
no one in doubt as to the nature of the evidence
which would be given before it ; but Lord
ALTHORP observes that what every one says
must be true, and forthwith approves of some
