LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, JANUARY 28, 1836.

His MAJESTY'S Ministers cannot fail to be de-
lighted with the enthusiasm with which the mere men-
tion of their names is everywhere received in Ireland.
Their praises are not mere lip praises, but spring warm
from the hearts of the people. Wherever Mr. O'CoN-
NELL has been—and he has been very active in his
peregrinations of late—there he has found his country-
men willing, and even eager, to place the most un-
bounded confidence in the MELBOURNE Government.
At Tuam—at Stradbally—at Tralee—he found the
people Ministerial, almost to a man. He had no oc-
casion to appeal to their understandings or their sen-
sibilities. He saw at once that conviction had pre-
ceded him, and rendered such a task superfluous.
Here is encouragement—such as none ever had be-
fore—for a British Cabinet to proceed vigorously in
the cause of rational Reform ! Nothing visionary or
impracticable is demanded of them. They are merely
called on to continue as they have commenced ; to do
justice to themselves and the people ; and, above all,
to bear in mind, that Ireland has the same claims on
their respectful consideration as either Scotland or
England.

If our readers ask us for further proofs of the fa-
vourable disposition entertained towards the MEL-
BOURNE Cabinet by the sister country, we refer
them to the two important—and indeed we may call
them national—Meetings, held on Monday last at
Dublin. One was of the aristocracy and the higher
mercantile classes ; the other, of the Trades' Union
and the respectable shopkeepers. At both these
Meetings the same generous spirit predominated. Both
vied with each other, in the warmth of their attach-
ment to the present Ministry. The higher classes
were willing to give up the dissentions that have so
long divided them : the lower were willing to give up
their darling hobby " Repeal ;" while both were
equally resolute and unanimous in their determination
never again to submit to the thraldom of a Tory
Administration. Hear this, Conservatives, and be
convinced! In this resolution of a confederated king-
dom, read the hand-writing on the wall, which so-
lemnly and emphatically declares—" Your kingdom has
departed from you !"
We look on the two great Meetings to which we
have just alluded, as the most important of any that
have yet taken place in Ireland. They are national,
in the most comprehensive sense in which that term
can he applied. It is not now the voice of the mere
Catholic that is speaking. Far otherwise. It is the
voice of a united people. The Conservatives may af-
fect to despise it—they may turn a deaf ear to it—they
may even call it the angry clamour of a faction ; but
they cannot—they dare not—in their hearts, deny that
it speaks the language of irresistible power. And what
is this language ? That of hope and encouragement
for Ireland ! Do us justice, it says ; place us on the
same footing with our fellow-countrymen of England
and Scotland ; bestow on us the same unhesitating
confidence that you bestow on them ; acknowledge that
the hearts which beat in our bosoms are as warm and
generous as those which beat in theirs ; that we are
men like them—citizens like them—patriots like them;
,quite as alive to the honour of the empire as they can
be ; and quite as ready to defend it when impugned—
do this ; wipe away the brand that seven centuries of
slavery have imprinted on us : and from that moment
we are your's, heart and soul ; bound to you, not by a
mere parchment tie, which is at the mercy of accidents,
and which the first untoward event may tear to atoms,
and scatter to the four winds of Heaven ; but by the
indissoluble link of feeling, interest, gratitude and hu-
manity. We ask you to render us this act of simple
