PRICE sd.

with scorn, contempt, and derision. They knew well
enough that this shout of " the Church in danger" did
not originate from a regard to religion, but from pure
love of mammen.—(Cheers.) The Church, with all its
riches, and dignities, and endowments, and honours, and
worldly power, was quite strong enough to support itself—
if, indeed, these things were really strength. If there
were any danger to any Church, it was to the C!tu roll of
the Dissenters, which, till within these few years, existed
only trader toleration, and at that present hour, notwith-
standing all that had been done, it did not enjoy equal rights,
privileges, or favour, with the Church of England. Mr.
Smith then called upon the electors to drink the health of
Mr. Hollond, who, although he had not as yet had an, op-
portunity of serving any constituency in Parliament, still
had openly and manfully pledged himself to Reform prin-
ciples, and, as the best means of working out those prin-
ciples, he had signified his determination to support that
Liberal party in Gterernment which had done more to im7.
prove the laws, to ameliorate the in{:titutions, to reduce
tho burdens, and to extend the liberties of their county';,
within the limited period of six years, than had been ac-
complished in qlo 1 O years subsequent to the Revolution.
Mr. Hollyil had pledged himself to support the men who
TunAW o'4 'trade of the empire to the rich products of
Ind'".; he had pledged himself to the Government which
.tad reduced the National Debt many millions, as well es
the amount of annual taxation. He woad support the
same men who had repealed the Test and Corporation
Acts, and had struck the chains from eight millions in
slavery. He would lend his best aid to those men who
would render equal justice to Ireland, and,-.last though not
least of all, he had pledged himself to be a supporter of
that Liberal and Constitutional Government which had ob-
tained for the people of England a purification and reno-
vation of one branch of the Legislature, and which, in so
doing, had conferred a new privilege and high trust upon
every man then present, as well as upon the entire nation.
Mr. S. concluded by earnestly exhorting the electors to use
their new franchise honestly and faithfully, and recom-
mended them to support Mr. Hollond as long as he re-
mained true to his professions and declared principles.
" Health of Robert Hollond, Esq., the friend of Civil
and Religious Liberty."—(Drunk with 9 times 9, amidst
the most unbounded applause.)
13and—" The Pinks are all coming."

Mr. HOLLOND, M.P.—Gentlemen, I CUD exceedingly
sorry that the deep sense of gratitude I feel for your kind-
ness and attention towards thyself entirely places it out of.
my power to acknowledge my thanks to you in a way that
I could wish. I thank you, on my own account, for the
many favours I have received at your hands since my first
introduction amongst you ; and I thank you, for the Re-
formers of England, who will soon hear of this ,demonstra-
tion in support of the great cause in which they are em-
barked.—(Cheers.) For myself, I am as yet an untried
man, and until my votes in the House of Commons shall
give me a claim on your suffrages, permit me to express my
gratitude for the generous confidence you have placed in
my principles and integrity.—(Cheers.) This is a proud
and pleasing sight, gentlemen ; it is the view of a nume-
rous and respectable portion of a constituency, met for the
purpose of not only showing their confidence in their repro-
sentative—(Cheers)—but to mark their homage to those
principles, without which the happiness and prosperity of
the country cannot be secured.—(Loud cheers.) Much
has been said by some individuals as to my future political
career, and doubts have been expressed by others, that the
course I shall pursue in the House of Commons will be at
variance with the principles contained in my address. How
such a report could have originated, I know not ; nor is it
worth while to inquire into the animus which could dictate
the calumny. But of this I am certain—that with you
such an impression is not for one moment entertained.—
(Cheering, which lasted some minutes.) Your presence
here, the very object of your meeting, and your kind confi-
dence in my integrity of purpose, are the best proofs to the
contrary.—(Cheers.) It is true that I have been friendly
in private life towards our opponents, and in that station I
trust 1 shall. always remain upon terms with them.—
(Cheers.) But surely, gentlemen, the mere fact of my exer-
cising that courtesy towards those opponents which is due
from one gentleman to another, and especially under the cir-
cumstances in which we are placed, could not have warranted
this foul aspersion on my character. Be assured, that how
ever I may ca.e.bange with any party sentiments of good faith
and active co-operation in local matters—however we may
meet in private life and assist by our mutual endeavours to
extend sociability and hospitality in the borough, on all po-
litical questions involving those great principles which ought
to guide us in benefitting the institutions of our country,
they will find me as firm to my purpose, and as determinedly
opposed to them and to their friends as the bitterest foe
the Tory party may have in the House of Commons.—
(Vehement cheering.) I shall take my seat on that side of
• the House where it is not probable my Right Hon. Col-
league will take up his abode.—(Cheers and laughter.) Yet
I am desirous that my votes may be the test by which you
shall judge whether I am worthy of your confidence and
support.—(Loud cheers.) lam returned by you to Par-
liament as the free Representative of a free, and I believe,
reforming constituency. I shall appear in the House. of
Commons to give expression to what seems to me to be
your wishes and your sentiments ; and you will find me in
every division recording my vote in favour of those prin-
ciples of civil and religious liberty which are the safeguard
of English freedom and the sure forerunners of English
prosperity.—( Vehement cheering.) In the next Parliament
a heavy arrear of pressing questions must occupy the at-
tention of the Legislature. There are wrongs to be redressed
and rights to be ceded.—(Cheers.) Foremost in the list of the
measures which in common with the majority of the present
House of Csminons I shall feel equal pride and 'pleasure
in supporting, will be those remedial Acts which will
have for their object the concession of full and ample jus-
tice to Ireland.—(Prolonged cheering.) The almost una-
nimous voice of the Irish people emphatically pronounces
for justice to their long-abused country, and a vast majority
of the Irish Representatives will demand from the Legis-
lature of the United Kingdom an extension to that country
of those municipal rights which have been ceded to every
part of Great Britain, and which the men of Hastings
know to have worked so beneficially in their own town.—
(Cheers.) Hitherto the Irish have been treated as a law-
less people in a state of semi-civilization, unfit for the exer-
cise of any trust or important duty. The late elections
show the falsehood of this foul calumny. But even if they
were so, is that a reason why they should be for ever tram-
pled on, and instead of imbibing the precepts of a sound
education, and enjoying the blessings of a fair and impar-
tial Government, bayonets and persecution should do the
work and strike terror to their hearts ? 1 believe the true
cause of freedom, and at the same time the best mode of
procuring obedience to the laws in all countries, is to in-
vest the people with civil power, to give them self-govern-
ment, and to show them from practical experience the be-
nefits to be derived from peace and good order. Let us
adopt this plan with the Irish people. Let us give them
the privileges we posaess. Let us drown all distinctions
between the two countries ; and depend upon it Ireland
will become what her resources properly developed would
make her—the richest jewel in our possession. Firmly
hoping that the abuses under which Ireland labours will
now be remedied, and particularly that the people of that
country will be relieved from paying with almost their life's
blood, for the establishment of a creed from which six
millions out of seven differ—trusting that the Irish Church
will be curtailed in its monstrous revenues, and the pro-
ceeds applied to the education of the people—(Cheers)
I now turn to (stir own country. Commissioners have been
appointed to examine into the public charities of the king-
dom, from whose returns it appears that there is a vast
amount of property, managed in a manner totally different
from the views or intentions of the founders, and often
squandered in support of two or three individuals, instead
of comforting and providing for the poor.—(Cheers.) It
is time this abuse should be rooted out—(Renowed cheers)
—and the proceeds applied in giving to the people a sound
and practical plan of education. Let the will of the donors
be respected and their intentions be carried into full effect,
conformably of course with the customs and manners of the
times we live in ; and where there is an overplus from in-
crease of property, or the value of money, let it be en-
trusted to proper persons for the immediate education of
the poor.—(Loud cheers.) Let the Ministers do this,
and do it boldly, and they will clo more to gain the hearts
of the people than alnrat atop other measure they can adopt.
—(Cheers.) r-laeed by you, Gentlemen, who have witb-
stoo di coercion and dared Tory intirnidat;Act, iia the proud
situation of your representative,it is way duty. as it will be my
pleasure to prevent in.inry. to you for your honest exercisa
of the franehiso. Standing among the electors of tile West
who nobly and manfully discharged tlassis tiskty to
d
themselves
aeradt
to annod
personst their eo u n
more r yCheeis siria*pnrne the
1.
and disgustingly ap-
plied than to theo:74-,..,, f am here to reside among and
protect, filial►, from insult and oppression, but to do, this I
must have your assistance. Lou tens; ogee I.le li,tl-
- every man of yot\ tuut (ir s
will again be redneeal to the
-,n +\
the Reform lids tang* the, pe.4,10 the ut their
j14.11.t5-777.:((%ckkkiiNeci OmoPs.) 1 trust, Gentleman, we shall
110:t Uavg another election without the protection of tha
