n

rtierc 811(1 brandies.
stec bisAstrei•lS 'eats of dearth
dame
eeded by years Of owlressive.superabdill
1,•,1 • kuanaparte had activity enongh, • but k
to not how to gouts; ,ti, means to cherish,
t.erbenee he isstied his orders like a Ge 7
I\l4l.(l:llte'al4ltaraott ctiiiao7st: ya heats ovf): eiiries Peace, artilyea3lic:l4:l:7iiifttr'tdrii7:N'
".(3;aelivil.(ei
4
thalC:Vt'llinient, we are entitled to hope that %re
ll4ve also Commerce.
r
kixt
. tb-PlTrance, t Waterford. slut Dublin,e-111a:ta, I Lisbon,
Sr
I Waterford.
t:

'lBAs.--Iloti4ar at the Exchequer, Bank, and South
`;ea

Ffi 4_46 T-TNT
-R t_ i) 1 •
i,ALSI'MAUDF•tr

. LONDON,
'S.II7't7IIDAY, JUNE 11, 1814.

Ever ------"----------...... .....-... ....
7 l're'll arrival from the Continent, we
•
ttpit,atlYrtl°lee to say, serves to dissipate the scru • .
•
- ,r- e" (If fear swith.which the dreadful report from
oulotise itifeeted our minds.
lust ream , The following
The-leu us from the Post-Office : has
Bou
Duke of
I''cei' rdeati4 Papers 4 the 43 and 3d inst: bare been
1" ed:' theY make no mention whatever of the ' ett/Na,oN.„
f The Gazette de France also contains intell4,;denctel
Zi/li Toulouse itself of the 2d instant. 1
he
occa- ..
Li' een'ternation which this rumour has
be only :lei:
ecile(l may now, therefore,'llappilY
11,11vedProof how dear and precious tittriotts I
Individual is to an admiring
Tliet.,.. ,
Duchess of
Country.
ko iuperor ALEXANDER and the
into the
:41414ga haVe again proeee'led
angers
City this
.. Illustrious Strange
Morning. The li u
441 the p
with the
Lott htNce REGENT dine .
n circula-
Earl of
ticiri 4001. to ...day. many reports are 1 ,
esl/eetlniz th Naval Review at Portstno.uth,
Vlriell'aall ass.ur;.ouer'iteaders the' Al4/1 Sovereigns
ut go thither before the 24th.
Iv ,
e 1/4:re as usual, }'Tench Papers
ay: .• of another
ti the Tue as usual,
of Wednesday contains a list .
KING
for
i, new House of Peers named by the
One
4 Lfe' an'l amountin,* to the
._'''''kW and Rift ,:_fo, b . At the the
number of
head oflist
gre the A j Ir.
ti
14 rlrelthisLi p
tio of RHEIMS and the Bishopsu_
t •"11"" and Crtkr.oNs : then follow Twe
tlle.s:V),,,'St'f tilt: old French faiisilies and titles ;
AL
--/ItNN • . f Benevent, whose
11. aine is 8, b, Prince .°
i ulees .
l'..
leceede4 by seventeen other Dukes and
teed to t°ll the ancient Nobility. To these suc
(ietiv et BUONAPARTE'S Dukes, and Count
. IoN,
44 ~' CYR (twelve of the former, viz. MAs--
to A, "AVOOST., CANIrsAcERF:S, ARRIIIGI, .CA.uLISN_
V44:1.: 14'"CRE, GAUDIN, MARET, REGNIER, A
tOrti"Palltl'iTicrOa, are not included ; thenh ,are " a series
of ninety-seven Counts, among vv no _
tv Placed the Archbishop of TOURS, the Bishop f_ 11/141:1,113t) uAmeas•NY (Duke of Cadore), LEFH
atiti k,i)Llke of Oantzick), Marshals PEat,NoN
beliCt44URIQt, KELLERMAN ' (Duke of Val-
let: and CLARKE (Duke of Feltre)- These
T.: "Ysseveu are of a mixed character, combining
stlitYis(),f the old Nobility with many of tine new:
6 s.."(111t (le 1:44% . 1.. 1
ANL
MA3, Lie last on the list, is since .
At a , fitting
.‘ay.-
an of the Legislative Body
M. RIF
4AINI, „ 41()gY Was pronounced on
on Toes-
13ott 4klrriN, a Deputy whose death was. Aan.-
clresneed' A motion was made to have'thetr‘ dr..,
142 111)(1 the XING'S Answer .engraved on ma
tit taihtld Placed in a conspicuous place. in their
'44' I', which was referred to a Committee.f
'll:•!sie;(‘"itY of a 'pro- jet for the regulation so
by '\lltings. was enforced in a sensible speech
t° to ..'l.;. bRLRORNE, and a Committee appointeds
ttct, t4'er 1- this :matter, and suggest a proj'et a
Ikk.;\i',4'ed. The' names of Messrs. GALLOIS,
Obkzt)
(haying' F. PAULCON; and , FLAUGERGUES
the ~ trial ~. of Al agaimity of suffrages), were added to
it witi r. LINE, and a
for it• 1 this list of five message ordered to h. e
persOns-, to his Majesty,
cdtlilsil.l°lllitiation of one of them to be President
,tii 4.4egisl .
etive Body,
Adger Journals (and,
indeed, all the late French
lief lira, labour so drudgingly to enforce a be-
lt, all S
eto), pain is unanimous in devotion to
-
, 'NAN ,) .
. . „
e iiln - , auct abhorrence to the Cortex, that
41,14 -re than ever doubt the truth of these state-
to 0 s' There is something, too, very repugnant
Ivitietl' feelings and sense of right in the tone in
NI 1 thtYsPeak. of th::. two parties into which that
t t't'Y is divided. Every injurious epithet, every.
er ;„
fiektviii`erproach and insult that can be devised, is
1 "11Pon the late Government of Spain, while
tl
,of. _
test „owl
most gracious phrases arc found
t"
~ ,
01).to 4 "t
to new rPiy t,) the
order. But these writers
beg recollect, that those whom they call gars '
k., ' retche
s.,w and Profligates, and tyrants, and low
ere
outit still those who stuck by their
,
' Y, and resisted its base invaders—who shed
tll2ir 4: ,
kuud In defe.iee of their hearths and altars,

re 44,
krill from- first duty or a 1.4112.C1
in the hour of dangers And wbat did tieit' ad-
+ersaries doi Tteacherous, or cowardly,, ital.-
tors or poltroons, -thry- ahandoned their Coun-
try in the day of her distress--they Ni•ere se-
duced, or t,ey voluntarily lied into the land
of their oppressors ; anti now, forsooth, the
" Refugees" return, and it is hinted that they are
to have hack that property Which they not only'
knew not how to defend, hut the defence and pre-
servatiod of which, they owe, to the very men they
malign and theit Monarch imprisons. This is too„
much ! We have abstained from the -question,
because we were aware the Cortes had been guilty
of many 'faults, and we' did not feel competent
to decide whether they of ri?RDISTAND would give
Spain the best Constitution. But now we must
confess, .from the little insight we have yet

been able to obtain; from the cruel treat-

meat experienced by those men who..at least,
opposed, while their slanderers aided, or sneaked
into slavish ,submission to, their unprincipled
Foe; and from the disg ;lc efu 1 means re-
sorted,to in order to overwhelm -theta with

norniny and disgrace ; we must confess, we say,
and we say it with pain, that the procee(iings of
the triumphing' party more reseinje the ran-
corous doings of a narrow-minded and fu-
rious faction, than the liberal policy of a
great and noble King. Whatever face these
Papers may put upon it, we cannot believe that

this blind, bigotted, anti ungracious conduct will
be unatterfded'with the worst of consequences.
It already appears that the grdatest disorders
prevail in that unfortunate country, where the
populace attacked in several places, and with ill-
discriminate fury, both the pal tizans of the
Cortes, and the traitors, who.scrved JusEPH.

It was said of Dr. JoaxsoY, that if his pistol
missed- fire, he knocked you down with the butt,
which laudable example Mr; WHITBREAD seems
anxious to follow. Unable to get up a Debate on'
the glorious Treaty concluded between England.
and France, be wants to see what can be done
with the Treaty which was not concluded at
ChatillOn. The ground for this was, that dis-
liking the article relative to the Slave Trade
in the fortner, he was desirous of prOdacin2. a
contrast to it' in the latter, which would have '
had the double excellent effect of sheiviug
that BUONAPARTE was more humane thin Lorijs.
the XVIII. and of throwing a censure of, she
,British Gov-rnment. But Lord CASTLEREAOI4,
who generally turns this brawling Statesman
round, most effectually estopped him in his pre-
senccareer, by informing him that BUONAPARTE
was more decidedly adverse to giving up the:
Slave Trade than the King of FRANCE-be might
have added, too, that the Slave Trade of the for-
mer extended all over Europe.
With regard to the question itself, Mr. Wu,'
BERPORCE 'is not a more sincere advocate for the
total abolition of slavery than we are ; but let us
hear reason, even where our_ feelings are so
much interested. England took twenty years
to abolish this inhuman traffic, anti it was scarce-
ly to be hoped that France could accomplish
it in less than five. We give Louts the amplest
credit for his intentions to put .an end to this
disgrace to the present enlightened age, and
we are convinced that it will be terminated
faithfully, as stipulated. The continuance of the
evil even' for a year is to be lamented ; but the
sacrifices of colonies Eo France, from which we
Claim so much mefit, would have beim nugatory
without this provision. Tha British Settlements
are flourishing under the matured existence of the
new and better system ; into that system France
will 'gradually, slide; but to adopt it at once
Would have destroyed 'the worth of the ceded
Islands—in fact, would have made them so des-
picable; that she Would not accept them front our
hand's,-far less receive them as a boon.

Notice was given in the Commons last night of
a Motion on Tuesday, prepjiratory to mother for
the expulsion of certain Hoaxing Members.

The Opposition begin tote afraid of the Cos-
sacks : they think the •Emrettou's Guards ought
not to come over here to put the Constitution in
bodily fear.

Letters were yesterday received from Gotten-
burgh to the end of last month, stating that Mr.
CLAY had left that place to proceed, as it was sup-
posed, to the new szene of negociation. Mr. Rvs-
SELL had departed for Stockholm, to have an in-
terview with the Prince Royal of Sw EDEN, prior
to joining his colleagues in Flanders.
It is said, that previous to the sortie from Ba-
yonne, a partisan of the BOURBONS had been sent
into the place, under Sir JOHN' HOPE'S passport,
for the purpose of explaining what had occurred
in other parts of France ; but this man disappeared,_
and was never heard of from that time. /

Marshal IlLucr4Eß has signified. his%intention of
being at Covent GaL.den Theatre next Tuesday.
