Printed for Longman and o. PaternoEter-row.

• •
• MEDICAL AND SURGICAL ADVICE.'
THE dreadful ravages on the Human Frame, 0,.7
easioned by VENEREAL IN,FECT,ION, has•baflL•d
the wisdom of ages to countnad. Herculean indeed h the
task assigned to, him whose Medical skill enables hurl radi-
cally to Cure and wieetually Prevent a Disorder more cruel
than the grave.

„
Mr. COLEY, a Member of the It oyal College of Sur.
goons, sensible of the diSadiantages ur.i,er which he labours
where solnany offer.theirservices to the Public, need only
appeal to Ins superior Mode of Practice, which he has never
t and to fail-of prOducing 'the most Salutary etas.
Vidi, Vici, was the motto of
.Caesar. Mr.Coley will‘ not ar.
rogate that to hiniselt, but he can illsrtv aver that he' has
seen,and has conquered the most. inveterate Cases of Syphilis,
and in all Stages of that cruel Disorder has been eminent
sueczessful, instances of Debility, Suit-141-.5, &c. Mr.
Coley adopts a mode of treatment pre-eminently useful.
TO be consUitedeveiy.Mornine froth Nina till Thiee, and
every Evening from Six till Ten, at his house, No. 26,
lohn.strect, Adelphi, in the Strand. _ )

Patients in the Country are requestzd to state th;', iwticit-
lars of their Complaint, by letter, inclosing 2 (tank Note tear
Advice and. Medicine,. When the same will be given or svni
,to any part of the Kingdom.
zoi lohn:itrett,'.Adelphi.

I J.
ARR ED-1 Sweden, z Dublin, r WAterford.
I)w.6—i. Cadiz, i Lisbon, 2 Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY ht TWF Lv oieLOCK
Cor!s - - 66 k I Omnium

--- . 6

E

S t_ N.

skLEM QU IS DICiRE PA Lstllki LATIXtA.

LuD ) A

•••••••.

WEDNESDAY, 9CT0,./3.E111.47,i 1810.

~

• oiiic n;•7`7%‘*"43.7iit.4.:00ii.:
W,e •have• just received - the follO%Ving- 'll4l/ctiii
from Windsor •
" Het Royal 171,ighness the Princgss AqsteLtA .had
an incliff•_-rent night, and continues nearly ,the same
as. yesterd,,y."

,
ti
This morning a Gottenburgh Mailarrived, from.
-which we hate made the following extraets
OREBRO; %JCT. 2, Hi s Majestty will, it is sail,.
leave thi4,place I.)r,Stockiloltn to4norroui; at the
'same tiiiie a. deputation, comp: s-d of Baron Von
„ giks-.Mar,shai), CiitTht HAMILTON, Atte
Archhi,hop of Up;ila, &c. will proceed to lictsing-;
burg, for the fitirpoSe of receiving the Crown Prined
on his arrival in Sweden. It is ,also expeeled that
the MeTbersof thtz Did will adjourn to the capital'
at 1•. t w.2elc, in order, to take,tbe oath of allegiance tO
his Royal HigheesS., The' reports in circiiliatiOn
some-rime sine,,, respe iiig ilie gracious intentions
of his Highness in_advancing a loan of .eight- mil-
_
of dollar's, for the setiricemithe *State, appear
to have no Lundation in truth.
' 20.7\11 Koziwicu; master of
the Court Chnpe/, ha recewrd from her Majesty the
Empress of the Frene:i a gold ~bnx,4l theigre7tlest
beauty, cnntainifig one hurrdredthiCars.-Her
jestyadled to this present the very flattering asstit-;
ante, that wheat her harpsichord she often' thought
of her master, and that she was obliged to him for
being :able to procure tho Emperor some .agreea-

..ble momeam, by playing oil that .instrument. At
the 'same thal&,her Majesty assured .him that for
life he should enjoy the inCome which he re-
. . .
—ceiVed when he had the honnur tq give her lessons. •
Yt is said.that C 013411 HBNII.Y, BELLEGARDE, at pre,:

sent Pre4ident• of the Council of War, is to go to
Paris with the title of Ambassadbr, because his Ma-
- jesiy has given the military command of Austria to
Prince SCH‘AWITiEN,,BERCr,!, . ,
The C,qmmission, called the Committee of-Desig:
nation for Ecclesiastical Property,' for the redemp-
tion of bank notes, is placed immediately under the
Minister of Finances. It is said that the revenues
of the Bishcrpric of Gourck, which areof the annual
, . .
I..ernoupt.of 300,000 Austrian florins, 'will be, adrni-
nistered by tbeeerornisiion, acid on account of the
"Caine ct dmortisscmertt,. after I#"yink a pension of
1-5'0,15'00 fluting per annum. f'ar the life of the.atitual
•• • •
•-; Archbishop Count•Ds SALMI, and 30,000 figrins to
•bis coadjutor:
It was yesterday said the Turks had bceri beaten,
to-day it is a;serted that. they were conquerors, hav-
ing totally defeated the Russians, with the oss of

10,000 men, aaio&g whom. are seven. Generals ; but
_ all these...reporm.are without.dates,_and-do not men-
tion the place of battle.
Extraft of .a letter from Amsterdam, Septem-

•
"A. tiie present titre themost rigorous searches

are ma,le after colonial merctandlic._ . A great
quantity of 4- has already been confiscated. In-
for uers are no longer wanted, to whom a, fifth part
•
of. the 'value of the goods discrvered. is given, Many
pec,)le having -assembled when the conveyance of
these goods took place, some seditious' persons as-
:. KULA the doualaiers. with stones. One of them, who
,came merely out of curiosity, was killed by a blow of
musket.:

" The Prince Arch-Chancellor has given to the
widow of the unfortunate man the suiu of 600 fio-

rw3."

WARSAW, SEPT. 3 --Accading to a decree of
the Minister of Finance, all the almanacks, whether
national or foreign, as well as all Jewish books, are
to be subje& to a stamp. 'They have been working
for some time to ere& again the colossal statue of
King Storimorm_lll. who reigned towards the end
of the 16th, and beginning of the 'l7th century
This monument, which was erected by hid son, LA..
14131,A03 IV. cost many millions of florins.

SMYRNA, AUG. 2.—The resolution which the
Grand Seignior has taken to • place himself at the
head of the army and march against the grand ene-
my of the Prophet, has awoke in Turkish Asia all
the Ardour of the first period of MalionaetiSm. En-
thusittsm is at the height. -

COPENHAGEN, SEPT. 24.—The Commander of a
privateer, which on the 22d inst. arrived off the
IVree,CrOwn Bpery, states, that on the preceding
sy,v,lierylie was laying oii' Ullshale, he heard, be-

'~ .• w

twee{; foul and five o'clock in the afternoon, a heavy
cannonade from the westward : he suppoSes that an
action must have; taken place in ihe Great Belt.

DitEsDEV, SEPT. ciusTAvus, son of
Count .Go rroRF, is totie educated at an academy at
kiirrnbuta the principal seat of tile seat of Moriivians.
MILAN, SEPT. 1 S.—Our official Pape' contains
a lung Imperial Decree of the 14th August, which
tliii-CZfie,l.ailion of all English cotouiLl com-
modities and nionufaCtures in .:ht new department
of-the-=Vpper -Adi4e, and contains direetiOns and
regnlalions to be observr4, wiih respect to the
FpganoAitigs.or, other neutral or friendly,
'th.:Bol*(l.l.Pg to . the exhting' laws of • thefkingdOm of

ijoizittr,.SEPT: and through Out the
whole departme.ut; .the iii;pet; Adige,. all Eng-.
fish colonial wareiEnd Manufadtires,liawe been placed
under seal and will be confiscated. Those :we have
Which tut very considerable, will be Carried to ,
are.of opinion that our preseni
market ,wlll continue on its former footing, and the
new orcierithings not commence till the ist of Oc

WESTPHALIA TgkRITOIOI, SEPT. fi. - Seven
thousand.pontids or yilt,ftee,, 1000 of sugar,. And. se:
veral hufidred ',pont-ids Of Cocoa; siveral
other English "coloitilt commodities, seized; by the
Westphalian Donaniers, and &dared cohfikated,
were latek; sold in Cassel, to the best bidder.

Last night we received Dutch,,Papers to the 13th
inst. They contain-a rumour that Abstr:a is.about
•
,to. join in the: war against Turkey. We' were ttl
'hopes to lave feu :d it these Papers some account
of X.,t;clE,,N's esope.trum_the tyranny of his brother,
but BUQNAPARTE has not yet thought proper to, pui
:his ..tabjeets in posse,sion of this piece of intelligence.
'We ate curious to.know what.inotive BUONAPARTE
'Will •Lisign for tUCIEN'i departure from .Italy, anti
particularly for flying_ to.the English for proteaion.
It is, however, not improbable that the Continenta I
Pres may be, ordered to•preserft ap"rofoUnd silence
upon this subjed. •

Nothing can affoid a stronger proof of the inhu-
manity.of BtiotiAi'Aiwit:s disposition, and, his total
disregard of the people. over whom he tyrannities;
thawhis refusal to accede: to the liberal, propOsali
made by the tritish,.6Overnment for an exchange of
prisoners. With an insulting and cruel mockery he
calls hiniself the father of the French People,, and
yet sees without eMotion 50,000 of them confined
•in prison, without making the! slightest effort for
their liberition. If any • thing were. wanting to-con-
vince the people of Fiance of the Wretched state of
slavery to which they are, redueed, they have only
to contemplate BUoINA.PARTE's conduct in the Nego-
tiaiinii for' the exchange of prisoners.. They. are
compelled to, pour. forth. illeic.blood to promote-the
views of a Foreign Tyrant, who beholds all theie sa-
crifices and all their int-tering; with the most 'eerleCt
apathy:

.-~

_~i}l

. -
. . . -
Paris Papers. to the gth.itistant arrived, Yesterday
. after-it-non, but their contents are of very liktle im-
portance. With respea to the affairs of Spain,:the
only mention worthy of notice madc is in au 'article
from Leyden, which•states., that the preparations for
the siege of Cadiz are not
,as.yet 'completed; that the
French seamen who lately passed .through Spain
work with spirit to, equip the gun-boars, and the diP
terent small vessels which are destined. to aet against
the town; that the French privateers have been very
successful against our commerce; that the forests
' About Seville have furnished them with a quantity of
timber, which is sent down the Gt*lalquivir to San
Lucar de Barawedo, which in future will be a grand
depot ; that the English and Spanish Generals at
Cadiz calculated upon the different diversions which
were to be undertook as the ,means of raising
-the siege, but which had failed; that General SE-
BASTIAN! was in the kingdom of Granada, fortifying
lug the city of that name and Maldga, and that the
parties ‘which had entered Andalusia from Murcia
were driven back with loss. Atter mentioning the
retreat of the British army from the neighbourhood
of Celerico, without any efforts for the relief of Al-
meida, in like manner as at Ciudad Rodrigo, it is
added, that AfASSENA had sent a corps of his army
.against Villa Real, which had already made consi.
derable progress on the right bank, having arrived
at Torre de Moncorvo, and was advancing ; and
that the corps of observation of JUNuT was march-
ing along the lett bank of that river.
An article from Meniel of the 2(th ult. states,
that the Ex-King. of SWEDEN was still at Polauger,
in Courlaud, and, it was said, would take his depar
.ture for England. _ _

BERNADOTTE left Paris on Monday, the Ist of
October, for Sweden, and was expected to arrive at
Harnburgh on the 6th.
The Ex-Queen of HOLLAND arrived at Fontain-
bleau on the Bth inst.=—,The Queen of SPAIN was
shortly expected to arrive at the same place.
A vessel called the Alaria Josepha arrived at Lis-
bon on the 27th ult. from Monte Video, from
whence she sailed about the !nth August. Ad.
vices have been received by this opportunity, that
on the approach, of the .military, expedition which
left Buenos Ayres for Cordova, to suppress the in-
surgents, General LINIEIIS had abandoned his situa-
tion, and was retiring into the interior with only
about 200 or 300 men. It was presumed that he
would be overtaken, as he ,could not cross the Cor-
dillera mountains at thatseasou of the year.
