LONDON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 140.

PUBLICATIONS.

LORD MELBOURNE, THE DUKE OF WELLING-
TON, LORD JOHN RUSSELL, SIR ROBERT
PEEL, LORD STANLEY, MR. O'CONNELL, &c. &c.
Now Publishing, Price One Shilling,
' I T 0
R
A POLITICAL POEINI. I A,
NT
BY RICHARD WEIWYSS.
Containing Sketches, in rhyme, of the above Statesmen : with
a variety of ocher matter, which will be found interesting to
those who desire the welfare of their country.
Effingham Wilson, 18, Bishopsgate-street, Within.

RED BOOK FOR 1841.
Just published, the
ROYAL KALENDAR and COURT and
CITY REGISTER for England, Scotland, Leland,
and the Colonies; containing correct Lists of the Imperial
Parliament—The Queen's Ministers—The Public Offices, &e.
Price, with an Almanack, 5s ; or with an Appendix or
Index of Names, contained in the Yolume, Is. 6d. in addition ;
with the Peerage and Baronetage complete, 28s.
London : published by Suttaby and Co., Stationers'-court;
Longman and Co. ; J. M. Richardson; J. Ridgway; Hatchard
and Son ; L. and G. Seeley ; J. G. and F. Rivington ; R. S.
Kirby ; R. Byfield; Hamilton and Co. ; Whittaker and Co. ;
Simpkin and Co ; Sherwood and Co.; Allen and Co.; Letts
and Son ; E. Hodgson ; Peacock and Mansfield; S. Hodgson ;
and Brodie and Co., Salisbury.

Now ready, in 3 vols. post 2v0.,
WHO SHALL BE HEIR?
A Novel.

By Miss ELLEN PICKERING,
Author of
NAN DARRELL, 3 vols. post Bvo.
THE FRIGHT, 3 vols. post Bvo.
THE QUIET HUSBAND, 3 vols. post Bvo.
T. and W. Boone, 29, New Bond-greet ; Oliver and Boyd,
Edinburgh.

RAILWAY ACCIDENTS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sea, —As a reader of your invaluablepaper toa parlour
company in this city, I have taken the liberty of intruding
a remark upon the late accident upon the railway at Har-
row, which I should not have done, had I not known the
parties, Simpson and Dawson (who came to their prema-
ture death by the above), from their infancies. They were
both apprenticed to the glove cutting, which occupation
they followed until a short time previous to getting a si-
tuation on the railway. I therefore think publicity should
be given to the above, as a warning to the public; for I
make no manner of doubt there are many engineers, on the
different lines of railway, who, when some branches of
their trade weredepressed (as the glove trade is), were glad
to get any situation for a livelihood. But, for the public
safety, none but an experienced engineer should be the
driver of a railway locomotive, for, in the above instance,
you might as well have taken a man from the plough, as the
parties in question ; but I suppose the Railw..y Proprietors
can make engineers, after a few lessons, similar to the
numberless scribes who teach the art of writing in six les-
sons, for 1/. ls, It is time this was put a stop to, instead
of suffering the lives of the community to be placed in
jeopardy, in a train with an unskilful driver. By inserting
the above, you will oblige' yours respectfully,
THOMAS PRITCHARD.
Worcester, November 22, 1840.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

ARRIVALS.

The Duke of Rutland, in Bolton-street, from New-
market ; the Earl and Countess of Chesterfield, at Chester-
field House, from a visit to the Earl and Countess of
Lichfield, at Ranton A*ey ; Lady Duff Gordon and the.
Misses Gordon, in Hertfield. street, from the Isle of Wight;
the Marquis of Bute. at Campden-hill ; Mr. Newdigate,
at Mivart's Hotel, Brook-street, from America; Lady
Trotter, in Grosvenor-square ; Mr. and Mrs. Murchison,
at their residence in Belgrave-square, from a tour in Scot-
land.

LATE MEETING AT NORWICH.

The importance of the late demonstration made by
the people at Norwich, as an indication of the feelings of
the multitude, induces us to lay before our readers an
abridged account of the proceedings of Mr. awer and
his friends as we find them reported in the Nolfiilk
Chronicle, a Tory Paper :

. . .
After the Bishop of Norwich hal sat down, who was
interrupted in the manner we mentioned on Saturday,
the following scene took place ;
The HIGH SHERIFF—IS there any one who wishes
to propose any amendment to this resolution ?
DOVER rose amidst loud cheers from the Chartists.
The HIGH SHERIPF, having inquired his name, asked
Dover whether he was an inhabitant of the county or a
freeholder ?

DOVER—I am a freeholder of the county and a freeman
of the City of Norwich.—(Cheers from the Chartists.)
The HIGH SHERIFF—If you are a freeholder, of
course I shall be very happy to hear you.—(Loud

cheers from the Chartists.)
DOTER then said he considered that there was a mis-
understanding as to the extent of slavery that existed.
He thought he was capable of proving that the gentle-
men who had addressed the meeting were advocates of
slavery.—(Exclamations of " No, no," and " Yee, yes,"
from the Chartists.) They were told that Bishops
should not be avaricious or fond of filthy lucre.
The HIGH SHERIFF.—If you will remember in open-
ing this meeting I requested that every gentleman ad-
dressing it would confine himself to the particular sub-
ject upon which we are met ; you are now deviating from
it.—(Hear, and-cheers.) Keep strictly to the text.
DOVER—You allow Mr. Bishop to make a long pre-
amble about the requisition, that was not on the sub-
ject. I heard Mr. Bishop from the pulpit in the Ca-
thedral say, that with respect to a factory in St. Ed-
mund's, that it caused 20,0001. in cash to be spent in

wages, and that 1,000 persons were employed there ;
why, if there are 1,000 persons employed and 20,000/.

spent, how much is that a week each? Why, eight
shillings, and is not that slavery ? And he is at the same
time receiving his 12,0001. a year.—(Loud cries of
" No, no," cheers from the Chartists, and cries of
" Pour-laws.") I will give you another specimen of the
Bishop's consistency ; one day he comes down here and
presides at a temperance meeting, and the next day goes
to a wine party. Is that consistent?
The HIGH SHERIFF—I won't allow you to go on, un-
less you keep strictly to the text.

. .
DOVER—I am.
The HIGH SHERIFF—That is not the text.

DOVER—I shall now begin my address, by putting a
few questions. The first is, what is slavery ? That
is an important question to settle. For man to
be the individual property of man, is to be a slave.
If a man is called upon to produce and don't re-
ceive an equivalent, he is a slave. Do, then, the
men who produce everything get a fair equivalent?—
(Cries of `. No, no.") The amount produced in this
country by labour is three hundred millions. There
arc 25 millions of people in this country, but then five
millions of labourers produce this three hundred mil-
lions. It is a fact that the population is 25 millions,
the produce 300 millions, and the labourers five mil-
lions. Having come to this point, I show that one
man produces sufficient for five ; but what do they
return ? Is it a fair equivalent to those who produce
all their wealth ? I am aware that the question
may be asked, how fur we would go, and where we
would stop ? Our answer is, that there is a great gap
between the producer and the receiver, which must be
filled up. lem not a legislator, and therefore I shall
not pretend to determine how ; but those men who
have the management of affairs ought to fill it up, so
that there shall not be so many people starving, whilst
others are rolling in luxury.—(Cheers from the Char-
tists.) In order to prove this clearly, we must go
hack to first principles. Suppose a number of persons
to be thrown on a foreign island—if one man is made to
produce for two, he is the slave of the other man, who,
from being possessed of one slave, becomes afterwards
ipfoas
all
s st
he (el owfenallot
hr e.w a
sWnloietr ep
produced
you,
ulce
dby
te Gentlemen,
labourer?b
e
Why, a great number of us are slaves politically. Let
those who have a voice, hold up their hands. I will fur

. _
one (holding up his hand). Come, Gentlemen,
don't be ashamed.—( Laughter.) Why not? Why should

not those who have an interest in the affairs of the
country have a voice? Look at Assurance Societies ;
if anything is to be proposed, the members are called
together, and all have a voice. Look at Bible meet-

ings ; they are on the same principle. If the principle
is bad, why apply it in these cases? If it is good in
these cases why not carry it out ? If a man is to be
put down without having a fair voice, that man is a
slave, and Ge ought to be if be is content to remain so.
—CChecrs from the Chartists.) So far for political
slavery. What is the consequence ? I will tell you
what has been if I don't tell you what may be. The
_ _

people of France in 1793 considered themselves op-
pressed, and they struck, but in consequence of the
slaves in other countries taking part against them, they

were put down. Poland wanted to emancipate herself
from the slavery of Russia, and, shame upon English-
men, they never lent her a helping hand when she called
for assistance.—(Cheers from the Chartists. A voice
—" What do you think of that Mr. Bishop.") The
money spent by this country in putting the people of
France down was near 850 millions, France nearly the
same, and the small States also contributed to keep
down the emancipation of France. This country had
voted 20 millions under pretence of putting down sla-
very.—(A voice—" We don't intend to give them 20
millions more.") I hold a Jamaica paper in my hand,
and I find the clergy prominent advocates of slavery.
And in this country do the clergy ever raise their voice
in the pulpit to put down British slavery ?—(Cheers.)
There is soother kind of slavery, mental slavery : the
system is to pay thousands a year to enslave the minds
of the people, teaching passive obedience and preaching
doctrines they never act upon. No ! Englishmen have
had their pockets picked of eight millions-500 thousand

minds are enslaved. But the scales are fallen from
their eyes, and the voice of the people must be attended
to. Dover then moved :

" That this meeting views with deep regret the many
proofs of despotic slavery now increasing at home, and
it therefore pledges itself to use all its exertions to put
a final stop to slavery wherever it is found to exist."
ROBERT PAINE next presented himself.
The HIGH SHERIFF—Are you a freeholder ?
PAlNE—Certainly not. I am too much of a slave
for that.
The HIGH SHERIFF—I cannot hear you if you are
not a freeholder or inhabitant of the county.
PAINE—If I am to be put down because I live in the
city, if I am—(Cries of " Chair, chair," and much con-
fusion.)
The HIGH SHERIFF—HoId hard, gentlemen ; as you
Paine do not belong to the county I cannot and will
not hear you, and I will trouble you to sit down. My
duty requires me to take this step.—(Cheers.)
A person stood up near Dover, amidst cheering from
the Chartists.

The limit SHERIFF—What is your name?
The PERSON—Thomas Hewitt.
The HIGH SHERIFF—Do you belong to the county ?
HEWITT—I belong to Hoveton St. John, and live
two stones-throw over Wroxham Bridge.—( Laughter.)
HIGH SHERIFF—If you are an inhabitant of the
county go ou.
HEWITT—If I am a slave now I don't mean to be a
slave much longer if I can help it.—(Cheers from the
Chartists.) I would wish to raise up my voice in be-
half of my poor fellow-countrymen. You are all aware
that last Friday a meeting was held here, for the pur-
pose, Mr. Gurney told you, of doing away with slavery
all the world over. He certainly made a beginning,
but where did Mr. Gurney begin ? Why at North
America.—(Laughter from the Chartists.) I won't go
so far as that.—(Cheers from the Chartists.) I will
begin at the workhouse door.—(Renewed cheers from
same quarter.) I shall ask Mr. Gurney to go at a
quarter before six to the workhouse, and he will see
girls without hats or shoes, and their poor mothers
may afterwards be seen supping from a mess not fit for
pigs. No, we must have a different mess to that. I
will make one statement. but this is not an individual
case mind. No, no. On Sunday last I met a weaver
of stuffs. Mr. Willett knows what stuffs mean. He
had just finished his piece. I asked him how much
he got for it. He told rue nine shillings. I asked
him how long it took him. He said sixteen hours
a day for a week ; he was not one of your idle hands
you know ; and he bad six children, his
wife, and himself to maintain upon this nine shillings.
The man said I am now going to dinner and breakfast,
so I thought I would see what he had. Why he had got
one of John Harvey's messes, red herrings and pota-
toes.—(Laughter from the Chartists.) I find after ex-
penses to pay this weaver has but three halfpence per
day for each of his family to live on. I should like to
go with the Bishop of Norwich at any time, and I would
show him hundreds of such cases in this city. He may
see children with father and mother in one room, with a
bundle of straw only far their bed. I say then to the
Bishop and Mr. Gurney, instead of talking about slavery
abroad, look at home. Let them not take us to Ken-
tucky, no, no, look at home. At the last meeting Mr.
Gurney told us lie was invited by the Negroes to !I
pie-
they had for dinner, soup, fish, little p gs! y
nic party ; for my part I did not kiio what pic-nic
meant. But, said Mr. Gurney, I will
.tell
ems, and
you what
such like.—(LaughterMr. Gurney did not tell the Negroes they were better
amongst the Chartists.) But
off than his own countrymen.—(Cheers from the Char-
fists.) Mr. Gurney did not tell them that we have a
Queen to whom we pay 385,0004 a-year ;he did not
