the name of the Protestants and Roman Catholics of
Ireland, public defiance to move that I be called to the bar
of the House of Commons, and granted full liberty of speech
to prove the facts specified in my petition before that honour-
able House; and do you, if you are able, examine ine at
their bar, and disprove the documents and facts that I adduce,
and deliver your Bishops out of the exhibition of their guilt
that I shall make, if I am given liberty of speech in the
House of Commons. And now I tell you, before the British
Empire, you dare not do it; you know the villany of
your hierarchy too well—you know too well the system of
criminal temporal tyranny and sedition that they practise
over the poor Roman Catholics of Ireland, under the mask
of religion ; and you know too well your own profit, as
their tool, as their agent, as the automaton of their will—
the puppet of their power, to dare to let the mystery of
their iniquity and your own be openly and boldly developed
in such an authoritative form as it must be by an honest
witness for truth at the bar of the House of Commons.
You know, as well as you know your existence, that, if
Lord John Russell's Administration was to depend on the
result, he could no more stand up in that house and intro-
duce your Municipal Corporation Bill than he could dare
propose to make England a republic—if the facts of papal
villainy in Ireland—l mean the villainy of your Bishop and
priests in the system of antisocial guilt, of persecution,
and sedition—which they inculcate—and the cruel tyranny
they exercise to enslave the males and females of the Ro-
man Catholic population were once laid bare by au-
thority before the nation. You know that Sir Robert
Peel could no longer be so imposed on as to speak
for one moment of assimilating the institutions of
the two countries by British legislation, or think of
settling the question by any sort of policy or compromise,
when it was proved to demonstration before him in the
House of Commons that the Roman Catholics of Ire-
land are placed under a system of foreign law that
not only supersedes the operation of British law over their
consciences and their conduct, but suspends the protection
of it over their persons, properties, and liberties, if they
dare to resist the mandates of that foreign tyrant, the Pope,
or not to carry into effect his persecuting, exterminating
system against the Protestant inhabitants of Ireland, and
his seditious movements against the Protestant Govern-
ment of England. I say you know this quite well ;
you know the Irish Municipal Corporation Bill is
only sought by you and your hierarchy, while
the people are made your tools in it, to faci-
litate the crimes of the Papacy; and you know that
my evidence would stop that Bill in a moment in the House
of Commons. I tell you this to establish my assertion
before the British public—that you dare not move that I
be called to the bar of the House to prove the statement in
my petition ; and I tell you so, to show the men who re-
present the Protestants of Ireland, that when they are
compromising and parleying with you, and making con.
cessions of political power to the Papacy, instead of
bringing you and that system of perjury, cruelty, sedition,
and slavery, in which you are trained, to the bar of
public justice, they are compromising the blessings of
the British Constitution, the honour of their Sovereign,
the safety of the Protestants, the freedom of the Roman
Catholics of Ireland, the liberties, the laws, and the
religion of their country. Your common cant, as to
your dignity and Exeter Hall, cannot avail you now.
If I am a liar and a forger, now make a public example
of me if you dare. Examine me on Mr. Todd's Bull
at the bar, and I'll tell you all about it ; but don't take
this letter into the House and pretend to laugh it off, as
you did my last letter at the Corn Exchange, and call me
Forgery IM'Ghee." Don't pretend that you would be
very happy if I was called to the bar, but take sweet
counsel privately with Lord John Russell that he should
come forward to prevent it. Don't use any Jesuitical
tricks to evade the exposure of the villainy of your hie-
rarchy, but stand honestly forward and confess you are
afraid to meet the case. The Hon. Member for Shef-
field will cover your retreat with an apology for falsehood
and a panegyric upon charity, and Lord Morpeth will
deliver a lugubrious homily on the morality of Father
Mathew, the piety of your priests, and the " evangelical
grace," as his Lordship was pleased to call it, of Dr.
Murray.
Justice, indeed, for Ireland ! Peace for Ireland !
What a mockery is it to compromise with Papal traitors,
and talk of justice and peace for Ireland !
Prima dicte mihi summa dicenda, CamEena.

" What peace, so long as the whoredoms of thy mother Jezebel,
and her NV itcherafts are so many ?"
I am, Sir, a friend to truth, to the Bible, to liberty of
conscience, to spiritual and temporal freedom for the
Roman Catholics as well as for the Protestants of Ireland.
R. J. INI‘GHEE.

`We have received letters from Constantinople and
Alexandria of the ith, and from Athens and Smyrna
of the 9th instant. The Forte was gradually proceed-
ing with the establishment of various institutions for
realising to the people the reforms promised by the
great Constitutional Act of the SULTAN. One of these
respects the Municipal Councils, which are henceforth
to consist of thirteen Members, of which six are to be
elected by the inhabitants indiscriminately, and seven
are to derive their title from certain offices, as those of
Mufti, Cadi, Collector of Taxes, and the like. In all
towns where there is a Christian Bishop, he is to be, es
officio, a member of the Municipal Council, and to sit
next the chief of the Ulema, This is an excellent
measure, and must gradually produce in the minds of
the people an appreciation of the benefits of Representa-
tive Government.

Prince MICHAEL of Servia had his leave of audience
of the SULTAN on the Ist inst. His Highness created the
Prince a Muchir, which places him on an Equality with
the Hospodarir of Wallachia and Moldavia, and pre-
sented him with the decoration, a cap with a sun in dia-
monds. When retiring, the SULTAN recommended the
people of Servia to his protection, telling him to watch
over their welfare as if they were his children.
From Alexandria the news is not important. The
VICEROY was still busily preparing for war. France, it
was said, secretly abetted this fatal determination. The
Persian Envoy had arrived at Alexandria with costly
presents for MEHENtur AEI, and instructions for con-
cluding a treaty of friendship with the Ruler of Egypt.
We suspect that the friendly reception given by MEHE-
MET ALI to the Persian Princes, whe claim the right of
replacing the reigning SCHAH, when they lately visited
Alexandria on their way to Mecea, whither they were
making a pilgrimage, has alone occasioned this embassy,
of which so many ridiculous surmises have appeared in
the French Journals. On that occasion the VICEROY
hinted at the facility with which he could give a Sove-
reign to Persia, and the instant this was whispered at
Constantinople, MIRZA DJAAFER, the Persian Ambas-
sador at the Porte, communicated it to the Court of
Teheran. Hence the friendly embassy and the rich
presents for the VICEROY.
The only brisk trade at Alexandria was the trade in
corn, of which there was a great demand as well as an
abundant supply.
The letters from Greece represent that country as in
a condition truly deplorable. Bands of brigands in-
vested the highways, plundering all travellers not pro-
tected by an armed escort. Private houses were robbed
in open day, and, in the event of opposition, the occu-
pants were inhumanly murdered. As for the Russo-
Greek conspirators, the Government was doing all in
its power to screen them, for fear of implicating the
agents of Russia in any design against the KING, who
trembles like an aspen at the idea of provoking the dis-
pleasure of the Emperor NICHOLAS.

We have received Lisbon Papers of the 19th inst.
On the 17th, the Minister of Finance introduced his
Budget, which presented a no flattering picture of the
state of the national finances. The new plan for liqui-
dating the claims of the Foreign creditors will be found
detailed in our city article.

Whether France is to have a Mole-Thiers, or
Thiers-Broglie Cabinet, is the leading topic of dis
cussion in the Paris Papers of Tuesday. The KING'
as usual, was coquetting with the leaders of every party
and was reported to have said on Monday evening that
the Ministerial interregnum would not continue for
three days longer. This relieves us from the necessity
of mooting probabilities as to who has the best chance
of succeeding SOULT, the sincerity of whose resignation
is no longer doubted.

The Courrier Francais asserts positively that a treaty
of alliance offensive and defensive has been concluded
between Great Britain and Russia, the pretext for
which is the unsettled state of the Oriental question.
If such a treaty has an existence, France cannot better
annul it than by placing M. THIERS at the head of the
Ministry. Of all the public men in France, THIERS
best comprehends the importance of the English alliance,
and as it is well known that his sympathies with the
popular feeling in this country has kept him so long out
of office, his re-apperrance as Minister for Foreign
Affairs would be regarded by those in England who
alone have the power of giving effect to treaties, as the
expression of a wish on the part of the French nation
and Government to cultivate the most friendly relations
with Great Britain.

On Monday evening Earl GRANTILLE, at a private
audience, delivered letters to the KING, notifying the
marriage of her Majesty Queen VICTORIA. The ex-
pedition of the Noble Earl must have startled and
astonished the Citizen Sovereign.
NEWS FROM AFRICA.
(Private Correspondence of the Conststutionnel.)
The Castor steam-boat, which left Algiers on the 15th
of February, has arrived at Toulon. The following is a
summary of the news which it has brought:--
At the date of the 15th, a great movement was observed
among the troops of the division of Algiers. The African
Militia did duty in the place. Some battalions were sent
on the 13th, 14th, and 15th to the camp in the envi-
rons, and it was said that the Marshal was at
length preparing to put himself at the head of an important
expedition on the 17th. It was intended to go first to re-
cover from the Arabs encamped at the foot of Mount
Atlas a part of the cattle which they have carried off ; it
is said that our troops will then go to revenge the insult
offered to our flag by the inhabitants of the port of Chert
shell ; though the latter have already made an excuse tha-
the brig Frederick Adolphus was captured by the Be-
douins of the mountain, and that the inhabitants of the
town had no share in this act of piracy. It is, neverthe-
less, true that they fired on our seamen when they went to
the spot to endeavour to retake the captured vessel. We
learn, from good authority, that the town of Churchell,
justly alarmed at the preparation for the expedition against
it, has offered to the Marshal to pay the value of the cap-
tured vessel, and to deliver up the principal persons con-
cerned in the affair. This reparation has been deemed
insufficient, and with good reason : at a moment when we
hear of the appearance of some corsairs, severity must
be shown towards those who give the signal. It
has been reported at Algiers that several vess,li
armed as corsairs, and manned by Maroquese, had ap-
