FOREIGN POLICY-PORTUGAL.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH, on the motion of Mr.
Dawson that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of Supply, rose and spoke to the following
effect :—" Sir, I am anxious to avail myself of the
Constitutional opportunity which the present motion
affords, to direct the attention of Government to some
points of great importance and indispensable neces-
sity, connected with our foreign policy. It is not
my intention now to enter upon so open a field as
the-discussion of the general questions involved in so
great a subject presents, although I hope that a Ses-
sion so eventful as the present will not close leaving
Europe—l will not say in a most dangerous situation,
but certainly in a most intricate one—without some
occasion for such a discussion being afforded. I
cannot but regret that an opportunity did not hi-
therto present itself of enabling me to vindicate, as,
according to my humble powers, I think I could vin-
dicate, the Treaty of the Gt h of July, on the grounds
as well of sound policy and international law as of
justice and humanity. (Hear, hear.) I have felt
anxious for an occasion of performing this duty to
my country, in justice, too, to the Treaty itself, and
to the memory of its much-injured author, Mr. Can-
ning. (Loud cries of " Hear, hear.") For the pre-
sent, I wish to address the House on a measure
which I propose to contemplate, as it affects our an-
cient friends engaged in a most arduous struggle for
the maintenance of the Charter conferred upon them
by their lawful Sovereign. Had I been present in
the House when this subject was introduced, I would
have found it difficult to bring within the coin-
pass of ordinary debate a statement of the doubts, '
difficulties, regrets, and apprehensions—l do not
wish to express myself in stronger terms than
these—respecting the nature of the blockade of
Oporto, and of the circumstances growing out of it.
I am well aware that if ships had been sent by the
Junta to Oporto to blockade that port, our Govern-
meut would have spoken in the same tone of the
authority acting in behalf of their lawful Sovereign;
and would have allowed the same belligerent rights
to the great body of the-Portuguese people obeying
the commands of their legitimate Monarch as they
appear to have considered themselves bound to allow
to the actual existence of authority, althoegh in the
hands of a rebel and an usurper. Sir, I am quite
sure that although this has riot been already said, it
will be said on the present oecasion, and that it will
be said so fully and distinctly as to leave no donbt
whatever on the subject. Sir, I think that even that
circumstance will, 1n the extremely critical situation of
affairs in Portugal at the present moment, be a suffi-
cient justification for my having called the attention
of the House and of his
.Majesty's Government to
the question. Sir, for the sake of the present argu-
ment, I am willing to lay aside all those moral con-
siderations which crowd upon my mind when I con-
template this occurrence. I will lay aside the con-
viction that the success of this most ungrateful, un-
natural, and impious rebellion would lay the founda-
tions of the establishment of a civil and religious
tyranny in Portugal of which the present state of
the prisons of Lisbon gives us a foretaste, and of
which there has been no precedent or example,
except ill the miserable condition of Paris in
the horrible years 1793 and 1791. Nor will I
found any observations on the fact that this re-
bellion in Portugal is against Don Pedro, his Mu-
jesty's ally, and in defence of whose rights and in-
dependence his Majesty has but recently employed
his troops. I will abstain from taking into consi-
deration that Don Pedro's subjects having received
the lawful commands of their Sovereign are now en-
gaged, in obedience to those commands, in maintain-
ing that Sovereign's authority, and their own rights
and liberties, equally involved in the struggle in
which they are engaged. I will waive. alI-the ad-
vantage vebich I might derive from contrasting' on
the one side loyalty and liberty, with, on the' other,
slavery and rebellion—the most unnatural combiea--.
tion of opposite evils on the one side with thep- . ha
piest union of concurrent blessings on the other:—
Still, however, I trust, that what I have yet to say
will induCe the House to pardon the extreme anxiety
by which I am actuated on the present occasion;
and which are such that I should for ever- reprouth
myself, were I not to attempt to make my humble
voice heard in the protest against what has taken
place. What I complain of, Sir, is, that his Ma-
jesty's Government have departed from the prin-
ciple of neutrality, which they were bound to ob-
serve; that they have done so, and in spite of con-
siderations of morality and good feeling. But what
I most deeply lament is, that they have put forth
a document which was not necessary for the infor-
mation of the commercial interests of the country,
which was not necessary to the performance of their
duty of neutrality between the contending parties;
but which, in tendency 'at least, for I am most will-
ing to believe that it was not in intention, was calcu-
lated to be exceedingly injurious to the legitimate
cause of the one party, and exceedingly adean-•,
tageous to the atrocious designs of the other. Sir
I advert to the terms in which the blockade, as it
was celled, of Oporto, was announced to our mer-
chants by his Majesty's Government. I am very
far from saying that it was not the duty of his Ma-
jesty's Government to give substantial information,
warning. all British subjects of the danger which
they would incur by entering the harbour of Oporto.
But surely that duty might have been accomplished
without any parade of technical language. It might
have been accomplished' without using the word
" blockade," as descriptive of the act of a ringleader

'of rebels. The use of that term—a term in legitimate'
war, involving a recognition of lawful authority—
was calculated to create a false impression. lam
at a loss to see why the most informal and popular
notification of the act by which the commerce with
1 Oporto was interrupted by the violence of the party
in power would not have been suflicient, on the part
of Government, in the discharge of that which I ac-
knowledge was their duty to his Majesty's subjects. All
that our merchants could require was, to know on
high and indisputable authority that the commerce
with Oporto was so interrupted as to expose British
vessels which entered that port to a danger from
which they could have no assurance of protection.—
I do not know why his Majesty's Government might
not have done mole. Ido not know why they
might hot—not through our Ambassador at Lisbon,
because diplomatic intercourse had ceased, bat
through the Captains of the men-of-war composing
the British squadron on that station--have caused
it to be declared that, although his Majesty's Go-
vernment took no part in the civil disputes going on
in Portugal, yet that still, ;in the peculiar situation
in which the two countries wereplaced, and with the
close alliance which had always subsisted between his
Majesty and that Sovereign, whom alone he could
recognise as Sovereign of Portugal, his Majesty did
not consichs himself bound to permit the commerce of
his subjects to be interrupted by the act of any autho-
rity until he knew whether that act was recognised
by Don Pedro. I do, not see that such a declaration
would have been any infraction of just neutrality.
For, Sir, we must recollect that this is a very pe-
culiar case. Both parties in Portugal assume—one
the fraudulently and basely, and the other truly and
honestly—to be acting in - the name of Don Pedro.
The dispute is by which party Doll Pedro is really
represented. Sir, as I understand, the authority, I
mean the usurped authority of this person, Don
Miguel, was about four weeks old when he pro-
claimed the blockade of Oporto. It was about four
weeks after he renounced obedience to legitimate
authority; although still acting under the pretence
of acting fer the lawful Sovereign. I know not if
there is any example in the history of mankind of
any Foreign State acknowledging such a young,
such a green usurpation—a usurpation which had
been so short-a time in the possession of power. I
know not where this practice may end if it be per-
severed in. If a gang of banditti were to possess
themselves of a portion of the sea-shore of a foreign
State, and with the aid of a fleet of fishing boats,
were to stop the entrance to some small harbour,
why might we not as well recognise that as a legiti-
mate blockade ? But, Sir, the great objection which
I entertain to the document to which I al-
lude is, that in that document the ringleader of
the rebels is called the Prince Regent of Portugal.
The Prince Regent of Portugal ! Do those words,
Or do they not, imply that the individual to whom
they relate is in • the- possession of legitimate autho-
rity ? What is the meaning that would be annexed
to them by ninety-nine persons out of a hundred ?
That in describing Don Miguel as the Prince Regent
of Portugal, his Majesty's Government described
him as the possessor of legitimate authority. Now,
Sir, what effect is such a supposition calculated to
produce ! Its tendency is to proclaim to mankind at
large that the persons in Portugal opposed to their
lawful Sovereign arc not rebels. It is true that the
expressions may be softened away; but in strict-
ness, that is their populatimeaning. But what ren-
ders this circumstance mere serious in its character,
is the following consideration. In all wars, the de•
claration of the possession of legitimate power has
ever been deemed most important. But in popular
contests, the danger of any rash declaration of that
nature is increased tenfold. His Majesty's Govern-
ment may understand the meaning which they intend-
ed to convey in the expression I have adverted to.
But what must the multitude,an ignorant multitude,
a Portuguese multitude, think? How must they be
affected by such an expression, as they understood
it, proceeding •from the ancient ally of Portugal,
the Sovereign of one of the most renowned na-
' tions of the -civilized world ? How must they con-
sider it but es a determination on the part of Great
Britain to recognise Don Miguel as the possessor of
lawful authority, and to give its sanction to his acts?
I know but this single instance in which the Govern-
ment of this country have recognized, under similar
circumstances, any party by the name which it has
itself assumed. From the beginning of the French
Revolution, in all our diplomatic transactions with
France, with Holland-, with Italy, with Spanish
America, and lastly with Greece, we have always
recognized such parties as " the persons exercising
the powers of Government." By that term we
have until the present occasion invariably designated
the actual Government in any country as contradis-
tinguished from that which we considered the lawful
Government. Sir, this long usage on our part hears
with mighty force on the deviation of which we have
in this instance been guilty. For what can the
people of Portugal think of this exception in favour
of Don Miguel, to that which for forty years has
been the uniform practice of this country ? See what
took place . with respect to Greece. When
the Greeks declared- Lepanto - and Patras to
be in a state of blockade, Sir Frederick Adam, in
Nov. 1824 s issued a Proclamation announcing the
fact ; but although the revolt of the Greeks had then
been going on for four years, Sir Frederick Adam,
acting under the direction of Mr. Canning, described
them as " persons exercising the powers of Govern-
ment in Greece." Is it fair—is it equitable, to
select the aasc of Don Miguel, as that on which to
ground an exception to our general practice ? What
is it, Sir, that entitles him to this distinction ? Is
it his private or his public virtues ? Is it his rebel-
lion against his father, or his rebellion against his
brother ? Is it his repeated perjuries ? Is. it his
cruel oppreSsion ? Is it his breach of faith with all
the Powers of Europe ? I speak not of intention,
but I speak of tendency, when I describe the natural
consequences of such an act as this contrasted with
all our former conduct. It is an act which I most
deeply regret, and which requires the most ample
explanation. Will it be said that the expressions in
question are mere words ; that titles are matters of
no consequence ? What was it that excited the
war with Louis the Fourteenth, in 1702 ? I hold
in my hand the declaration on that occasion of the
members of the Grand Alliance, characterizing the
acknowledgment by Lewis of the Pretender, as
King of England, Scotland, and Ireland,. as a grave
and intolerable offeece; and it goes on to state,
" that the Allied Powers will never make peace with
France until his Britannic Majesty has received
satisfaction for that atrocious injury ?" What was
the answer made by Louis the Fourteenth ? lam
sorry to say that it was not very unlike in character
that on which I have just been animadverting. Louis's
words were—" I am no judge hi the dispute between
the King of England and the Prince of Wales, and I
cannot make myself a judge in that dispute by with-
drawingfrona the latter the title-to which he has been
from his birth entitled." Is it possible that it will be
said, that because the title given in this document to
Don Miguel justly described him before he violated
his faith, that it justly described him afterwards?
Sir, that that title justly described him originally, is
precisely the. reason why his Majesty's Government
should have avoided giving it to-him under his pre-
sent circumstances. Why is it that we have ..sns-
pended all diplomatic intereourse with Portugal ?
If he be in truth -Prince Regent of Portugal, that is,
if he be accredited as such by Don Pedro, why have
we put an end to our diplomatic arrangements with
hint ? If he be not so accredited, why do his Ma-
jesty's Government call him by the name ? The
very circumstance' of his having (Mee been justly
entitled to the name, makes it the mere necessary
that we should not give it to him now that he has
forfeited that title. What are the facts with respect
to that individuel's conduct? Sir, 1 hold in my
hand a passport, dated the 7th May, and purporting
to be in the name of our Sovereign Don Miguel
the First," which was given at Evora; by the In-
tendant of a province, to an English goblernan,
whose name it is unnecessary to mention, - but who
is a man of the highest character and respectability.
This passport way • preiriouilly • subtriit tett. to the
examination examination of three or four public of6Cere.

Sir, this one fact sufficiently shows that in at least
some of the provinhs of Portugal, the usurpation is
practically acted upon. Added to this, Sir, every
body knows that the Lisbon Gazette abounds with
addresses, published under the sanction of his au-
thority, some styling him Don Miguel the First,
and others imploring him to assume that title. But,
Sir, I rest my argument on neither of these facts.—
I rest it on a much more important occurrence,
which cannot be denied. On the 3d of May he ac-
tually published a proclamation, summoning an
Assembly of the ancient Cortes, which had been
abrogated by the Constitution, in order "that it
might deliberate on the laws and constitution of the
kingdom." That was at once an abdication of his
character of Prince Regent, and an act of manifest
and undeniable treason towards his Sovereign: Let
me imagine a case. What if the year after the Union
with Ireland, the Lord Lieutenant had summoned a
separate Irish Parliament, to " deliberate on the
laws and constitution of the kingdom ;" would
any man have doubted that that was a rebellious act ?
If the same Lord Lieutenant had proclaimed the
blockade of any of our ports—Liverpool, for in-
stance—would any neutral power have avoided
that port, because his Excellency the Lord Lieu-
tenant, or rather the individual no longer Lord Lieu-
tenant, had chosen to lay it under blockade? By
such an act, the person committing it would have
abdicated his office of Lord Lieutenant, and would
have taken upon himself the character of the Sove-
reign of Ireland. Sir, I will go one step further.
I du not mean to say that we have a right closely
to scrutinize the acts of a foreign Prince, in order
to see if he punctually observes' the laws and the
Constitution which he professes to maintain.. But
some acts are so flagrant and notorious, that we may
justly proceed upon them. Such are the acts which
the great body of the Portuguese nation eoncur in
characterising as rebellious. Sir, there is one further
consideration which imposes upon us the necessity
of more distinctly performing our duties with re•
ference to this subject, in the face of Europe.
The Right Hon. Gentleman opposite is well aware
of those transactions at Vienna, in October
last, in which the return of Don Miguel to
Portugal originated. Of course I can know nothing
upon the subject, except that which I have heard.
As I understand the matter then, there was a con-
ference at Vienna, in October, between Prince Met-
ternich, on the part of the Emperor of Austria;
Lord Cowley (then Sir H. Wellesley) on the part
of the kingdom of Great Britain ; and the Count,
Villa Real, on the part of Don Miguel. That con-
ference had for its basis a note from the Brazilian
Minister at Vienna, announcing that Don Pedro had
conferred the Regency of Portugal on Don Miguel.
It was declared to the assembled Ambassadors by
the Count Villa Real, that Don Miguel was firmly
determined to administer the Regency according to
the Charter. Indeed, a few days before, Don Miguel,
in a private conference with the Emperor of Austria,
spontaneously declared that it was his firm-determi-
nation to maintain in Portugal the Charter which
he had the year before'sworn to observe. On the
19th of October Don Miguel wrote to Don Pedro,
declaring that, in going to Lisbon, he went with
a firm determination to fulfil Don Pedro's wishes
respecting that country. It was accordingly agreed
by Prince Metternich, Lord Cowley, and the Count
Villa Real, that Don Miguel should repair to Por-
tugal. If, not in form, this agreement was, in sub-
stance and nature, a treaty entered into by Don
Miguel with the great Powers of Europe. Fie com-
municated it not only to his brother, but to the King
of Great Britain, the King of France, and even the
King of Spain. It is clear then, Sir, that the close
of the long conference at Vienna was, the agree-
ment that Don Miguel should return to Portugal;
and I conceive that I ant perfectly justified in
stating, that the three great Powers of Europe per-
mitted him so to return substantially on the condi-
tion that he would adhere to the established Con-
stitution. I know, Sirs that it is said by some per-
sons that the great Powers of Europe had no right
_to exact from Don Miguel. such a condition.. That
I deny. Sir, I go further; I contend that this
tsansaction gave to the great Powers of Europe
the right of intervention in the affairs of Por-
tugal. I do not say, that they should interfere.
But at all events. it was indispensible that they should
observe the greatest reserve in the use of any
language which might imply an approbation of the
conduct of Don Miguel, after he had violated the
stipulations, or, if you will, •the understanding on
which his return to Portugal had been permitted.
Sir, there is another point to which I will again,
though reluctantly, advert. His Majesty's Govern-
ment had an additional motive for caution in the
language which they used on this occasion, because,
as is well known, an untoward correspondence had
taken place tetween a Noble individual in a high
employment in this country, and some persons of
consideration in Portugal, connected with Don
Miguel's faction. It is well known, Sir, that that
correspondence was viewed in such a light in certain
quarters, that an opinion was very generally spread
that the real views of his Majesty's Government
were at variance with their avowed policy, and that
they were disposed to favour the unjust preten-
sions . of Don Miguel. God forbid, Sir, that I
should insinuate that any such notion ever entered
the minds of his Majesty's Government. It will
give me the greatest pleasure to hear it totally dis-
avowed. But defect certainly is, that such were the
reports at Lisbon; and that those reports produced
a most unfavourable impression. Until the last mo-
ment, as appears by the last advices from Portugal,
the active agents of the Usurper have been loud in
their declarations, that although Lord Beresferd did
dissuade the Usurper's party from pursuing the
course on which they had entered, yet he was in se-
cret favourable to their cause. I will not vouch for
one word of this; but, at the same time, if I had
not heard it from proper authority. I should riot have
stated it. There is one circumstance more, which
1 think it my duty to mention. It must be recol-
lected that I did not blame the withdrawing the
British troops from Portugal. All I blamed was,
the withdrawing of them at the very moment of the
usurpation, coupled with the circumstances of the
representations circulated throughout the country,
that some of the highest servants of the Bri-
tish Government were, by their correspondence,
countenancing that usurpation. All these facts,
and the coincidence of them, constituted a
case which imposed the highest degree of
caution as a duty on the British Ministers when they
were framing .the notice; the tendency of which I
think so unfortunate. In looking over the adverthies
merits from the General Post-dike, which are frained
perhaps by Sir F. Freeing, who is sometimes, I un-
derstand, constrited On the affairs Of thii department
by the noble person who superintends it, I find, in
speaking of Portugal, the terins made use of are—
" In consequence of the interruption of the commu-
munication with Oparto; the mail will close," &c.
I Wish that. Government had kept equally close in
the words they had used; for the language of Minis-
ters may have, and, most likely has produced, a
milked e%ect throughout Portugal—it may have en-
couraged the bad, whilst it damped the exertions
and disappointed the hopes of the good; it may have
induced them not to maintain that system of- Go-
vernment conferred upon them:by their lawful So-
vereign, with the fidl concurrence of the Adininis
tration which then existed in England. Riving
made these statements, I have said what I should
never have forgiven myself if I had omitted. It Will
give me great and very high 'pleasure to have the
doubts and diffieultieS attending the subject.removL
ed, but their removal will require a very full. and
ample explanation on the park of his Majesty's Mi-
nisters.
Mr. Secretary PEEL,—Sir, in contesting the
Right. Hon. Gentleman's opinion's, which I am pre-
pared to do, I would carefully geoid saying any thing
calculated to lessen the feeling of high disapprobetion
previously expressed by his MajestSr's Government
at the course taken by Dori Miguel; but I mean to
,
contend, that the:true policy of a Government, in
of
seek
cases international is not to out ex-
FelitiOna to generahprinciples, but to observe that
Course which this country has always required to be

observed towards itself by other states under cir-
cumstances a.tsall similar,. In a word, to refer to the
practice of idtefinatipnist'laW:generally established
anisecognizecriii saaeh cases. ith respect to the
eorriiipandence' alluded to b:r. the Right Hon.
GeOentini—a, correspogence '• which took place
before the notification Made; ht overnment to Bri-
'sh merchants,in referencelo the blockade of Oporto,
I declared, whatever that correspondence was, that
Lord Beresford had no authority to communicate with
any individual in Portugal, on the part of the English
' Government, or any responsible adviser of the
Crown. The sentiments of the British Govern-
ment, as they regard Portugal, can only be spoken
by the British Minister at that Court; and if ever
the time arrive when his instructions shall be dis-
closed, we will possess the means of judging of the
accuracy of this statement. I have no hesitation in
;expressing my conviction that this rule has not
been departed from in the present case. But when
the Right Hon. Gentleman puts a construction on
this correspondence, he ought in fairness to inter-
pret it in reference to the declaration of Lord
Beresford himself, and not take the construction of
parties who may have been directly interested in
putting an unjust and unwarrantable construc-
tion upon it. Lord Beresford hai not only con-
firmed the statement, that he was not autho-
rised by the British Government to commu-
nicate with Portugal, but ha.% also expressly
denied that he in any way countenanced, in the
course of that correspondence, the attempts to sub-
vert the constitution of the country. Then, as to
the fear of misconstruction by the r Portuguese, of
the sentiments of this country, with regard to re-
cent transactions there—a misconstruction which
the Right Hon. Gentleman apprehends may arise
from the terms of the document ,announcing the
blockade of Oporto, it should be recollected, that I,
as the official organ of the Government in this
House, and other Members of the Administration
elsewhere, have, in the most explicit terms, notified
the total disapprobation of his Majesty's Govern-
ment, with regard to the late conduct of Don
Miguel. Surely this must be sufficient to prevent
the chance of misconstruction. If the expressions
of Ministers have not been sufficient to notify the
disapprobation felt by Government of recent events
in Portugal, what can be more formal and de-
cided than, the suspension of the functions of
the British Minister at the Court of Lisbon ?
The Right Hon. Gentleman admits it may be pos-
sible that we have no other course to pursue but to
notify the blockade; at the same time he quarrels
with the particular expression adopted on that oc-
casion. He also intimates that there is another
course, more agreeable, perhaps, to his feelings, but
which, if he were a responsible adviser of the Crown
he would be the last man to recommend. The
Right Hon. Gentleman advice amounts to this :
" Iwould have you maintain a perfect neutrality be-
tween the contending parties ; but I would not re-
spect the blockade of either, because I consider it
inconsistent with the interests of British merchants
to do so." Sir, that would be equivalent to a de-
claration of war; and all ive have to do, if we take
the Right Hon. Gentleman's advice, will be, to
send out a sufficient force to over-power the
blockade. I contend, it is more consistent with the
usage of States, acting upon the principles of inter-
national law, to respect an effectiveblockade be-
tween two neutral parties, rather -than go to war
with both, and use force for its prevention. If we
were to act upon a different principle, such are the
dissensions now existing from one end of the world
to the ' other, that we should find ourselves at war
with almost every State, and then the Right
Hon. Gentleman would not be in a situation to come
down to this House. and contest the amount of the
Army or Navy Estimates. As to the terms of the
notification, the Right Hon. Gentleman says—" I
wish you had not used the word blockade. I wish
you had selected some other term to signify the in-
terruption existing with respect to commercial inter-
course at Oporto." Sir, I really do not know what
other term we could use which would express our
meaning so well. The Right lion. Gentleman
adds.—" But this is a term which implies the exer-
cise of a legitimate and perfectly recognised autho-
rity." I took down his. words. The Right Hon.
Gentleman also said—" The term applies to the
rights of belligerents."
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH.--As 'against the
other party.
Mr. Secretary PEEL, in continuation. It is of
importance to consider whethkr the terms we have
employed imply a recognition of the existing autho-:
rity, by which the blockade is declared as legal, or
an affirmation on our part, that it is to be viewed in
that light. I contend that it is not. What is the
Right Hon. Gentlemen's objection to the use of the
word blockade ? He objects to it, as implying the
existence, and our admission of the existence, of a
legitimate authority. New, I say that the term
blockade has been used in cases, where, so far from
there being a recognition, there was a positive denial
of the existence of a legitimate authority; and if lie
admits this, which I think he must, when he
has heard the precedents to which I mean to refer,
it will he utterly impossible for him to complain
any longer of the use of the term. Sir, in the case
of Greece there was no recognized authority ; but
the person %vim assumed the direction of the Go-
vernment established a blockade of Napoli di Ro-
mania, and the British Government, which con-
tested the claim of that aisthority to the designation,
of a legitimate one, recognized the blockade. Sir
Frederick Adam apprized all British merchants of
the circumstance, and informed them, that if they
violated' the blockade, they would possess no claim
to compensation for the losses which they might sus-
tain. The terms made use of on that occasion were
the same as have been now used. Again, in the
case of Chili :—ln 1819 a blockade of five hundred
leagues of coast was .attempted, and it was not
made known to us except through the clunniel of
the newspapers; yet the British Government noti-
fied the existence of the blockade, not indeed as an
effective one, because it was not so. However, if
the blockade hail been confined to the port of Cal-
lao instead of being extended over a coast of five
hundred leagues, it would have been notified as
effective, which I have already said it was not, more
having been attempted than the resources of the
country would admit of. Here was the recognition
of blockades made by GoVernments which we had
not recognized as legitimate. It appears, from these
two instances,. that there is nothing in the ob-
jection which the Right Hon. Gentleman has
taken to the use of the term blockade, which
is a term that has always been used, no matter what
the patty' that institutes it. Here, says the Right
Hon. Gentleman, "You should not have notified
the blockade as having been instituted by his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal." Sir,
previOus to a designation usually employed, with re-
spect to foreign states, or their ruler being rejected,
a variety of correspondence is necessary, and many
steps must be taken, more particularly where the
designation comes to the party through the medium
of a superior authority. We should at least have
consulted Don Pedm, from whom his brother de-
rives the tide of Regent, before we had refused to
addres's Don Miguel bY•that style. At the time of
this blockade the functions of the British Minister
were suspended, hilt he was not withdrawn from
Lisbon, and has not been withdrawn up to the pre-
sent moment; besides, the British Consul remained
and still remains in communication with the Go-
vernment of that country. And thus, though we
had marked our disapprobation of Don Miguel's
conduct, we had not denied the validity of his
authority derived from his brother. The House
must be aware that it is a matter of great delicacy
for a Foreign Power to intermeddle with or dis-
claim the authority of an existing Government in
another country. It is not for me to say whit shall
be the cireumstances,-or when the period will arrive,
for such a declaration, in the case of Poi tsgal or
any other State. I can only say, as it respects Portu-
gal, that the time did not then apl, ear to
us to have'. arrived, and we theref,,re, felt
bound to adhere to the course previou,li pur-

sued, and to give Don Miguel in this notification tit hi'
title which he holds as Vicegerent of his broth(' '4l
namely, Prince Regent of Portugal. What mg
hsys been the nature of the remonstrances made el
of by this country, in common with other State
and what the hopes enter tained of inducing a you" `o,s,
Prince, by means of these remonstrances, to abando
the course he was pursuing, it is not or me to say e':t
but sure I am that every man, viewing the circuit,
stances of the case prudently and with moderatiot th
must admit that it it not for a foreign Government, :
even on the evidence of some improper acts, such' of
the presentation of addresses calling on the Prins
Regent to assume the title of King, or already girl*,
him that title—l say it would be too much to cello'
rill,.
a foreign Government, under these circumstances,tc,
declare the Government of Portugal dissolved, and O.
deny to the Regent a title which he derives, frog
another person, and in the continuance of which at:
that person is interested. Besides, the addresses of "
which the Right Hon. Gentleman relies as establish; btr
ing a charge of usurpation against Don Miguel, affo C lii
arguments not very consistent with one another, it
asmuch as one of them recognises his right to the, fir,
title of Majesty, and another only calls on him
assume that title. The latter, the Right Hen. Gee rlt
tleman will perceive, is not very consistent with th '°
.supposition of the assumption of Sovereign power 11,1 114
Don Miguel; for, if he be already King, why at
dress him and call on him to invest himself with tls* 1,11!
title. lam perfectly ready to admit that it was the dirt hi'
of Don Miguel to discountenance, from the very first,ei
attempts at the assumption of regal dignity on hispart
yet the presentation of such addresses, though injo;
dicious, is not a necessary disclaimer of the delegate': pli
authority which he derives from another party. '
gel
think it will be generally allowed that it was bettO
to try the effect of strong and combined remq.
strance, with a notification of the course whit) i,„l
might be ultimately pursued, supposing the remoe'
strances to be ineffectual, than to suspend all out
relations with Portugal. We had not taken ant. 1.1
such step up to the time of this notification--we If
have not yet taken it. Our Minister resides at the !th
Court, though his funetions are suspended; urxof
Consul is in communication with the authorities. un
and we were compelled to notify the blockade-id
British merchants as the act of the person at "the 4'
head of the Government. Under these circunr. ha
stances I cannot admit that there was any thing it r
the course taken by his Majesty's Government, cal r
ciliated to signify our approbation of Don Miguel'
conduct, and if improper inferences have been draws
t_°
in Portugal, it is not through any want ofocare of fee
caution on the part of Ministers to guard againsl
them.
sin
Dr. PHILLIMORE thought the Right HO as,
Gentleman opposite had 'entirely misapprehended
the drift of the arguments made use of by his Righ'
Hon. Friend. He (Dr. P.) had not heard bl'
Right Hon. Friend express any opinion to treat tit' „f
subject exclusively with reference to internatioe',, h,
law, or with regard to the propriety or policy or
using the term blockade. .On the contrary, he an tic
derstood him to express no doubt. as to the wort', . th
and he thought the Right Hon. Gentleman had at' di
stained from expressing -an intention to introdto
any litigated question of international law. The di
could he no doubt that the authorities in Portugal' bi
if they had the right of
.governing, also possessed
the right of instituting a blockade. If they could
exercise any privilege, of 'Sovereignty, .they could
also exercise that one of its highest. But be guess se
dolled the authority. On the other- hand, he e,
thought with his Right Hon. Friend, that the Bris
tish Government had acted on this occasion in rs
manner contrary to established usage. The -Right c
Hon. Gentleman opposite said that Government was • fa
compelled to notify the blockade. Why? Are
blockade had no effect on the subjects of any Stt4e
except they were aware of it. If our -merchants
sailed into a port in a state of blockade, but of th
which fact they had.no notice, it was not in the
power of any State to confiscate these vessels. But be
it was for the Government to give notice of the cis- hi
cumstance, and after the period of such notice every „
merchant attempting to break the: blockade was H
liable to have his property confiscated. Tire. Right „
Honourable Gentleman said we, bad. authority or
for recognizing the existence of a 'blockade in p
cases of a still stranger nature than the present—,
put why should we be ancillary, and all that
in us lay to assist the Government of Portugal el
to impose a blockade which Don Miguel him-
self had no means of imposing as it regarded 1..)
British merchants. By the: notifieation, we look ti
on ourselves to . do • what, Portugal herself wag
incapable of performing, not being in a situation to xi,
notify to us the existence of the blockade, on 8(...
count of the suspension of the functions of our Am- ill
bassador at that Court, who was the only official
medium of communication between the two court- it
tries. In the long war we had with France, there 0
was no such promulgation. The Right Hon. Gen-. •
durum talked of the blockade in the ease of :Chili, • ~r 1
but he (Dr. P.) contended that that precedent was :14-'
inapplicable.
Mr. Secretary PEEL-1n the case of Chili we t
(lid notify the blockade. With respect to the ar-.; .1
gument of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, that 11
we should not notify.-the existence of the blockade
. of Oporto to our merchants, because it wns not no-
tilled to us by the Portuguese Government, that t
may be law, but sure lam it is not equity. How,
does the case stand ? This country orders its Mis,
sister to suspend his functions, and then turtle
round and says to Portugal, it is impOssible for }tote
to notify to us, through our Minister, the existence
of an effective blockade, and we shall not notify it to 1
British subjects, whom we shall leave in ignorance I
of the fact ; thus placing them in a situation to call
on you for compensation foiany injury or loss they I
may sustain. We being the parties who have au.'
pended the functions of our own Minister, and who I
by our own act have put it out of the power of Pot- 1
tugal to announce to us officially the blockade—are
we to leave our subjects in ignorance of the eirenm-
stance, for the purpose of calling on the Govern-- '
merit of Portugal to compensate them ? I repeat,
this may be law, but it is inconsistent with every
principle of equity.

Dr. PHILLIMORE said, the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman appeared to misapprehend his argument.
What he meant to say was, that no blockade could
be binding on the subjects of any power, lest legally
announced to that Power. The property of, our,
merchants was safe until they were officially apprised
of the fact.

Mr. Secretary PEEL.—If the Government of
Portugal has not taken proper steps to notify the.
blockade to British subjects resident in that country,
it is accountable for any loss that may be' sustained
from ignorance of its existence.: Bat how could they '
notify the fact to British subjects in this country,
when the functions of our Minister at their Ceurt
are suspended, and have been suspended by our act ?
Dr. PHILLIMORE explained.
Sir G. COCKBURN said, when merchant ves-
sels arrived eta port blockaded by vessels of.war,
and attempted to enter, they became forfeited:.
Dr. PHILLIMORE repeated his observation,
that without warning they could not be forfeited.
Sir G. COCKBURN admitted, that till the fart
of the blockade was notified, vessels might force it,
if they could, with impunity.
Lord MORPETH wished to ask the Right Hon..
Gentleman, whether, if, according to the case sup,
posed by his Right Hon. Friend, a blockade had
beeti declared in the Tagus by the Junta of Oporto, •
Government would have been ready to take 'the
same steps as they had done in the present instance.
Mr. Secretary PEEL--Really, it is not so easy
to answer the question of the Noble Lord.' All'l can
say is, that Government will be prepared, when such
t case shall arise, to deal with it in a proper, mea-
sure.
I am sure, on reflection, the Noble Lord will,
adroit, that I shall better perform my duty to the
country as a Member of the Crown, by declining to
give a specific answer to his inquiry than by reply-
ing to it. On this occasion I shall follow the ex
ample of a Turkish authority. The Allied Ambat.:-
sarhirs not long,' ago asked the Turkish-Miriister
question founded on en hypothetical case. fr&r..

. .
. .
,
I
hid, ". suppose a contest to have taken place at Na- Member (Mr. , Calcraft, ave.understood) meant to ment of Mi. Alderman Wood, was generally very LONDON MARKETS. , .
vane, what view would your Government be dis- conduct himself, he congratulated him on his having sorry to see these means of opposition resorted to; ,
I
Insed to take of it ?" This is like the question of the changed his side of the House.-(Hear, hear.)- but if the Right Hon. Gentleman opposite was so 1' R
.I The highest price IrCeaE
Bread OF
in the BREAD.ro polls is 934 d. for the
_Nble Lord. The Turkish MinisterP re lied-" We When he (Mr. Wood) found him persevere in determined to proceed, no other course was open. 41b. Loaf. There are others who sell from %.d. to ty,d. below •
bare net heard of any such contest-we have no right calling " Question," he could not help reminding The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER that price. b
t
to suppose that any has occurred, and it is unreason- him of his change of place. The Bill was not only complained of the mode which the Worthy Alder- New English Rer NoCvEer (ad' SncEDS. Cwt.) t.1.1t3L. fine -s. Fss. I
able to ask us how we would deal with an imaginary objectionable in principle, but was a breach of faith. man threatened to adopt. No doubt if he and other Old Ditto Ditto.--.........--.........2__:, 40s. 465. fine -.s. ...S. c
rase. In Turkey it is not the custom to name a When the Church Bill was first proposed in that Hon. Gentlemen chose to persist in that course, it giecivili'ig,Vgn Ditt0..........--......--...,.....-. 40s:
-545,.. fine--s. -s: -a:
Child till it is born and its sex been ascertained."- House, and Mr. Vansittart first proposed a grunt of might become expedient to yield to them. To New White Clover sos. 70s. fine -s. 765. r
(Hear, and a lau h.)-I think this maxim of one million for building churches, to which another show that he entertained 110 resentment on the Old D,itto Ditt0......------..-----__. •••••S• 50s. fine .....s. 60E. ,
..-__ 17s 30s. fine --s. 325. '
Turkish wisdom may be well applied to the conduct half million bad since been added, he distinctly stated subject, he would acquiesce in any other day for LtivDi(teofo---*-•••••••• .."--- - --; --; 10s. fine -s. 16s. i
.
. .Of a Christian Minister. that the people were not to be burdened with the taking the Committee which might meet the con-
__Grass,
rlbglisn...arraway Seed-----. . -38 i; 346%.* 40,. fine --sfine. 7-'s:
Mr. HUME rose to express his hope, that in the support of the, Ministers serving in the new churches, venience of Hon. Members; and would give up his Foreign Ditto ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••.................. .. s • .......5 • .....4. fine -.s. '
resent position of affairs with Portugal, his Ma- but that they were to be paid from the hire of the own opinion as to the period he had `suggested for Coriander....-..--Ter
Quarter)
-a
14:. fuse--s. 7.g.e 17,.45. 1
Jesty's Ministers would take the first opportunity of pews by those who formed their congregations. this purpose. (Cheers.) Rye Grass ..----•---..---. . 265. 355. new 30s. 40s. 1
Placing our relation with that country, in reference to One great fallacy in this Bill was, that the Church- Lord STANLEY said his vote would depend on i.,ruseet.aY_.Dijotrofeedi„, 365. . 52s8s. . new -s6. . -40 s. s i
s 3 fine -.
%leo, on a more proper footing. wardens were distributors of the rates raised by the the Right Hon. Gentleman's answer to this clues. Ditto, for crushing...-- -s. 365. 395. fine -s.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH, in explanation, observ- parish at large. By the present Bill the power was tion, if the House should allow the Bill now to go .3e,tiltoartmsdeed, NCW.,.............0.....w.................... ..
-s
: 606• fin: -fins; 58s. 1
ed, that his observations had applied, not to the con- taken from the people-it was unfair to hasten the into a Committee, would the Right Hon. Gentle- White Mustard Seed-....(per Bushel)-...55. 7s. 6a. Bs. fine-s. ‘,
tents of the letters of Lord Beresford, but to the re- Bill through Parliament without giving the people man permit it to stand over, as to all future stages, Brown Ditto.-.-..---
,1,,a, ----" -e. Ml' 15s• tine -s. '
s.------..._ -s. 2,;:5. 30s. tine -s-s
by
made of the contents of those letters an opportunity of canvassing its merits• till the next session ? (Hear.) Green and Red Ditto . -s. 28s. 31s. fine--s.
°Y his Lordship's correspondents in Portugal. The Sir J. BRYDGES imputed to the opposers of Mr. MA.BERLYcontended that he and his friends Ditto, 01d............-.........---.«.....*.....• ....3. 31s. 40s. fine -s.
New .........."*.w"......m.p.w................5. ..s. fine 4954 555.
Itight Hon. Gentleman in enforcing the necessity the Bill a wish to pull down the Church. were acting honestly, and in a Parliamentary man- Rate Seed, English, fine (per Last) •-•./. 304 ....... Foreign -1. 261.
of our acting with perfect impartiality as regards the Mr. S. RICE denied that the motives of the op- ner. It was well known that the Right Hon. Gen- . PRICES OF HOPS.-June 30.
Turks, had not only quoted Turkish logic, but posers of the Bill were a wish to pull down the tleman could bring down his troops at the crack of Kent P0cket5........ . Si. Os. 4/. Ss. to 41. 15..
:xxattfoto ........-- . 3/. 10s. 3/. les. to 4/. 4s.
Turkish jokes, yet had not replied to the observa- Chtirch. his whip, and overwhelm them with majorities, and Essex
.......... -7" s
1/.155. 41. 4s. to 4/. 10,.
tion's of his Hon. Friend. If we were to act with Mr. 0. CAVE, amid cries of question, expressed therefore he could have nothing to complain of in Farnham Ditto,
Fi"oen.r g 11: (C),5... WI.. it(t. L)43. 64 10.
atria impartiality,we must equally respect the block- a wish to delay the Bill. the opposition. Kent Mags---- -. 31. its. 3/. 15s. to 41. 4s.
'des of both parties, and he (Sir James Mackintosh) Sir R. WILSON thought the Chancellor of the The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER Besse
x pine ..--..-----,-. 3/. 3s. 3/. tis. to 3/. 12s.
Essex Ditt0......---...-
had a right to infer that if the Junta of Portugal Exchequer might give the country an opportunity of said, all he wished was to go into the Committee, Old Duty laid at £115,000.
blockaded any of the ports of Don Miguel, such considering the Bill. make the Bill such as he wished it t© stand, and WHITECHAPEL HAY 51AIIKET.-June 28.
7s. 1 C Os.
blockade we were bound to respect. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER then he was ready to grant time for the country to
Hay ----.. 2StrawOd. to 1003. 0.1.
30sl over
. Od. to 36;ti 0.1. to 115 s. tht.
,_The -Committee of Supply was then postponed to did not think the mode recommended expedient. express their opinion.
Wednesday. Sir J. GRAHAM called on the Hon. Member Lord STANLEY asked if the Right Hon. Gen- PRICE OF POTATOES.--June 30
New Ware 0/. 6s. to OZ. 7; per cwt.
Mr;TENNYSON presented two petitions com- for Warehan to use his influence with his new asso• demi' would agree to postpone the measure if they Middlings - , Cl. Os. tool. Os. ditto.
gaining of the course the House had pursued with dates to withdraw this Bill, so obnoxious to the allowed it to go into Committee. PRICE OF OIL.
s .-- ............... Refin -.i:13
reference to the Bill for the disfranchisement of East public. It would be the best proof of the sincerity The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ILIg e 0116:Town V.. 1. ai. ed g
Aetford.-Laid on the table. of his professions of independence and liberality. -Certainly. . Linseed Oil Cake at the Mill, per thousand ...-=... 10 10
•
Mr. WODENOUSE moved for returns of the Mr. CALCRAF l', having been called on in such Sir W. W. WYNN thought the Bill should be Rape Cake, per ton -.-- 510
1.
PRICES OF LEATHER.
1111111ber of convictions of licensed victuallers and friendly terms, was sure his Hon. Friend would not postponed. . r,
Per lb. d. to d. Perth. d. to d.
leenSed maltsters that had taken place before the quarrel with him for the conscientious discharge of Mr. P. THOMPSON thought there could not Butts-.... 50 to :".•61b.... 2e 21 Tanned Horse Hides.. 151 is
' z=n
2 2 23
Court of Exchequer, for breaches of the Excise his duty-particularly when he reminded him that be time between next Thursday and the end of the Dressing
u0aide5.........0 to 661 b..... 14 17
Spanish yuitttio. 22 25
Laws, ..
. , in England and Wales, from the sth January, when he was on the other side of the House he ad- Session. Fins Coach' Fides-.-.- 17 20 Calf Skins. 36 to 445 b. 19 23
, t (804, to the sth January, 1810, distinguishing vocated the measure of building Churches. He Sir J. GRAHAM asked what the Right Ron. Crop Hides, 35 to 401 b. 15 161 Ditto ......... 50 to 70Ib. 23 26
Ditto--........ 45 to 501 b. 161 ISI Ditto .........70 to 801 b. 'lOl 221
r itliose of each year ; and describing the nature of the wished the Bill to go into Committee, in which the Gentleman meant by fair time, and also what were Ditto
'kg:eel-tee ; also of all sums received by way of fines details might be canvassed. As to the observations the urgent clauses in the Bill. --RAW HIDES.
1)11; account of malt, and for other returns on the of the Hon. Member for Preston, he would not take The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER Best Heir Ss
toneStcers3 4 . s.d. to 3
8 s.d. 1 P
Ordinaryer Stone. s. d. to'. d.
St
&2 0 6
' same subject. any notice of them. At the same time he would preferred knowing what time the Hon. Baronet Middlings - _ 2 8 210 Market Ca1f............... 8 0 each
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER admit he had committed a breach of decorum in thought fair time. SHEEP SKINS. .
had no objection to the motion; but, on the con- crying n Question ;" but he hoped he should correct . Sir F. BURDETT was decidedly of opinion, D0wn5.................. 2s. 4d. to 3s. 4d. 1 Shearlings...... Os. at. to Os. 611.
Polled --.....--. Os. Od. to Os. Od.
trary, would not object to enlarge it.--Ordered. it soon, as he was not long at that side of the House, that the country ought to have from the prorogation
SUPPLY OF WATER. and had probably brought the habit from the other to the next Session to consider of this Bill. Adair's' COAL MA lIKET.-June 30.
32., at. Townley.--....-.--- 315.3.1.
Sir F. BURDETT gave notice of his intention side. Mr. D. W. HARVEY spoke against the measure. Beaumont 30 0 Wylam ......... ,31 9
tomorrow to submit to the House a motion with re- Mr. G. LAMB hoped the Chancellor of the Ex- Sir T.D. ACLAND thought the resistance offer- hill ngtte 33 L' i;,msetit,,N=irettc,„ 31 .:,),
Terence to the supply of water to the metropolis. chequer would not attend to the new counsels he ed to the Bill was unreasonable. Newburn •-. 31 9 Walls End Ly0n5........... 33 9
H. Is object would be, either to procure a Commis- received from Hon. Gentlemen at the other side of Mr. HUME should use every means in his power Liddell's Mani..„......- 29 6 Ditto Stewart's ....--. as 3
Pelaw ................ 3ti 0 Cannel (per ton)--. 43 0
Rion
- of Inquiry, or to provide some other means to the House. Going into Committee on the Bill in to defeat the Bill. Pontoo Windsor --...... 30 0 Culm Hay and C 0...-. 21 6
ascenain the precise nature of the subject. that period of the Session, was only depriving the Lord SANDON thought they ought not to resort ;Wanttilstetteselce„&. 31
t ttilircsttleolie---- 30
(lii
ADDITIONAL CHURCHES ACT. public of an opportunity of knowing any thing of to the extreme remedy till the last stage of the Bill. Ditto Bellilobson &Co. :33 0 Llangeonech Coal -38 0
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER the Bill. As to the petition presented in favour of Mr. C. WOOD hoped the Right Hon. Gentle- Ditto Parr7ani,',',..E7.--- ,31 93 Stone
CE7lollPAVedrsle-y :15/ g
of the
Order of the Day for the second reading it by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, it was but a man would answer the question put to him as to time. Ditto Crain1ingt0n........... 29 9 Walls End Elgin ........... 32 0
,"!' the Additional Churches Act. He considered, pocket-pistol of a petition, or rather a billet doux. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER iitro kgrtn7.---and Co. g INeealucm" o?tallinscreened 284 0
however, that in consequence of the great variety of The Bill had been smuggled to its present stage. said, if Hon. Gentlemen opposite chose to take ' tiro() nidech'e...-.... 34 0
STantield rader................ 31
. 9,.Plnion that existed on the subject, and the opposi- There was no necessity that the Bill should be that course of opposition to which they had ad- Dittot kVaslikse"r's -- 35'.
Walls End small _ R `,l
non that had been made to some of the clauses of Pressed at that hour; as there remained 500,000/. vested, it was undoubtedly open to them to do so. Ships at market, 5614-Ships sold, 4414-Unsold, 11.
for the lir mse asyet unappropriated. All that he could say was, that the Bill having gone
• tt.the__Bill, that. it would not be desirable to discuss P I
"eln at this advanced period of the Session. It After a few words from Mr. Alderman Warrit- through the Committee he would not be found un- DUBLIN MARKET NOTE.-Fnioav, June 27.
was therefore his intention to omit two clauses of MAN, strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the reasonable in granting time. He could say no more From To
the till, 2,085 Wheat, per barrel 20 stone 19 0 33 0 27 4
that which referred to thcrates, which had House divided upon the question of committing the than that.
beenls9 Bete , l6 stone 12 0 13 0 12 1
I strongly objected to, and to bring it again for- Bill to a Committee of the whole House this day After a few words from Mr. Alderman WAITII- 241 Barley l6 stone 13 0 16 0 14 7
War 2,9.85 Oats l4 stone 9 0 13 0 II 0%
d during the next Session, when its merits or three months:- MAN and Mr. WARBURTON, the House divided-
denie • 7,642 Cwt. Flour.--.. 9 stone 5 0 23 0 - 0
Ity ants could be canvassed with more advantage. For the motion 92 For the adjournment 4l 652 Oatmeal 11 stone 9 0 11 0 10 7
,
' /le would move the Order of the Day for the Against it 3B For the Committee ,. 64 Sold to Ilaken; only.
; ,second ieading of 5,115 Cwt. Flour
the Bill, and afterwards have it Majority 44 Majority -23 Average price of Wheat and Flour 41s. Si per sack.
- ,e?)11111iIted, with the intention of postponing these On our return to the gallery we found Mr. On our return to the Gallery-
Sales
of Flour,po. 7,6442 Firsts, -. from 20s. Od. to 235. Of.
11)2 -- /Se d from 14s 0.1 to ISs. Od.
, 'Clauses.. - . HUME on his legs. The Hon. Member said, that Mr. WARBURTON moved another amend- Thirds, from
•••••••••
frorn • •
Ss. Od. to 13s. Od.
1 Mr• LEYCESTER was glad to find that the when the grant of WO,OOO/. to the Church was ment, that the Bill be committed this day six months. PRICE or BREAD.
t Chancellorproposed, he had. opposed it upon the ground that Mr. HUME seconded the motion. Quartern Loaf, 41b. 50z...../3Mil. 1 Half-quartern 21b. 20z.-414d
of the Exchequer had given up the
the parishes would be assessed and taxed for the Lord NUGENT said he did not rise to support Wheat, Barley. Oats. Flour, per cwt.
I:
rating system. The Bill altogether was a most ty- per barrel per barrel per barrel ,
support of the very Church for which they had ad- the motion, as his vote entirely depended on the 2d. 1
20 stone. 16 stone. 14 to, Ist.
"MUM one; and he objected strongly to many of
vanced the money. He had at that time applied to answer of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The
e - its clauses.,s...
8 his Majesty's Government to know if they were not real purpose of the motion was, to take that advan- Cork s. d. a s.d. s.d. a s.d. s.d. a s.d. s. d. as. d. 5. d. as. d.
Mr. J. WOOD expressed his disapprobation of
cWaterfordon mei_ 21 0-96 3 11 0-13 4 10 0-13 6 IS 0-17 6 10 0-14 0
it
,the Bill.- bringing an additional charge upon the country, and tape of the forms of the House which a minority Limerick it 2 6-23 4102- 0 0 89-0 0 15 0-16 0 0 0-14 6
102 00 1100 (0_) -101
00 1152 0-0 Jig 60 101 002
00 10)
the answer was, that no church would be built, Ul4- might afford, in order to delay a measure to which
e Mr. AldermanWOOD hoped the Bill would never 2521g-200 102 002
less where the parishioners were willing to under- they were adverse. He would not ask the Right t. ee.again. brought forward. Nothing should induce Belfast.... 19 6-20 912 0-15 0130-0 0 20 6-21 0 00- 0 0
take all the expense. In the
him to desist from dividing the House night after Bill for Ireland, there Hon. Gentleman to say that lie would postpone the CarleOW- 200 (3}---2!)1 g 112180=105 glB
k 7-1 V 0) 15 00: °I 1,), g t 8 ((),
9 aright in opposition to the measure, should the Right
was no limit to the right of taxation for ecclesiasti- Bill after it was amended, but merely to say what Tralee .-. 00- 0 0 O- 0 0 00- 0 0 00- 0 0 0 0-- 0 0
9 --- _
t Hon. Gentleman persist in pressing it. He did not cal purposes. A charge might be made for a coach fair time he would give the House and the country Beef, Mutton, Pork, Butter.
anean to.hold that out as a threat-(A laugh)-he and four to bring the clergyman to church.-(No, to consider. per lb. per lb. per
cwt. let. 2d.
3d. 4th. sth.
0
f n I , •
mtended, sa.ying he should testifyull possible no.)-Bust he said yes; he repeated he was right in The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, a. ae.d.ad.s.d.as.d.s.d.s.d. s. d. s. d. s. d.
Parl
iamentary hostility to the Bill. this, for he had read an address delivered by a Judge if the House went into a Committee on Thursday,Cork ,-..... 4 -5 1 - 6 29 0 -31 0176 074 0
0684 o 58 0 52 0
Limerick- 3 -5 4 - 5 24 0-40 0178 074 ti 0620 56 0
Sir CHARLES COLE was favourable to that in that country, in which it was stated. He would would afterwards leave it to Gentlemen at that side Waterford 4-5 5 - 7 24 0-40 0179 078 o- 0- o- 0
1 clause of the Bill which prohibited burials in now move that the debate upon the question be ad- of the House to fix, in fairness, what time it would Vatin„ci 3 --f54 ii 7_ t, 00- g orB-71 0 7,t, g 2; g ~,,g g 5. 0
churches. journed to the following day, and should he succeed proceed. Derry - 6 -o 6 - 0 00- 00-0-0 - 0 - 0 - 0
i Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN hoped the Right
in this, he would give notice of a motion that the After a few words, from Sir GEORGE HILL and atr10w.„...... 4-55- 6 23 0 00820800 70 0 60 0 0
Pralee.--. 0 -0 0 - 0 00- 0078072064 0 54 0 46 0
, lion. Gentleman would consent to withdraw the 500,000/. which had been given to the Church ' Sir R. WILSON,
sill. might be returned to the Exchequer. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ,
SCOTCH MARKETS.
g
Mr. -WARBURTON concurred in the hope Mr. WARBURTON supported the motion of said that he was acting upon compulsion, as he did - Wheat. Barley. Oats. I Beans. Oatmeal.
-... Which Hon. Members had expressed, that the Right the Hon. Member for Montrose. not wish to have business embarrassed by embarking -- --_-
Mr.
GORDON, though he had voted. for the Aberdeen .... 42 51 24 28 20 24 - - 28 31
s Gentleman would postpone proceeding with theon continued questions of adjournment. Berwiek......-- 31, 40 24 25 18 20 20 21 35 S 6
LI measure .till next year. original grant, did not consider himself guilty of any The motion was withdrawn, and, the Bill ordered Coldstream -40 43 22 24 17 19 26 28 - -
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER inconsistency in opposing the further progress of this to be committed on Thursday. Cupar ---- 47 62 30 33 .22 24 27 30 - -
Bill. An Hon. Baronet had accused Gentlemen Dundee ........ - 56 -
defended the Bill. Whatever objections might be REGENT'S PARK BILL. Elgin .............. 50 51 '22 23 20 21 - SO - -
sitting at his side of the House of being enemies to On the motion that the Report be received,
Mr. MABERLY said, that being hemmed in Inverness...... 52 55 25 28 21 25 23 2A - -
... °Pposed to its provisions, he thought that in any Kelso 40 42 21 24 l 7 19 24 26 -- -
i . Point of view it was desirable that the House should the Church. He maintained that the Hon. Baronet Kirkaldy- 48 57. 30 33 213 25 32 - 33 -,..S
: , it‘O into the Committee.
great nuisance, and as the old principle was seen-
had no right to impute this to them or to any of his with turnpikes at the north end of the town was a "Perth
The size or thesb2l 25 15 18 13 14 -
measure varies throughout the country.
Mr. R. GORDON said. as the Bill contained so Hon. Friends. •

ADDITIONAL CHURCHES ACT.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
moved the Order of the Day for the second reading
'lf the Additional Churches Act. He considered,
however that in consequence of the great variety of
°Pinion that existed on the subject, and the opposi-
tion that had been made to some of the clauses of
theßill, that it would not be desirable to discuss
m at this advanced period of the Session. It
Was therefore his intention to omit two clauses of
the till, that which referred to the rates, which had
been strongly objected to, and to bring it again for-
t red during the next Session, when its merits or
demerits could be canvassed with more advantage.
would move the Order of the Day for the
,second reading of the Bill, and afterwards have it
committed, with the intention of postponing these
clauses.
Ate- LEYCESTER was glad to find that the
t Chancellor of the Exchequer had given up the
rating system. The Bill altogether was a most ty-
1'
ratteacal one; and he objected strongly to many of
its clauses.
8 Mr. J. WOOD expressed his disapprobation of
it the Bill.
e Mr. Alderman WOOD hoped the Bill would never
t. ee, again brought forward. Nothing should induce
to desist from dividing the House night after
might in opposition to the measure, should the Right
6 Hon. Gentleman persist in pressing it. lie did not
-mean to.hold that out as a threat—(A laugh)—he
Only, intended, saying he should testify all possible
; Parliamentary hostility to the Bill.
ESir CHARLES COLE was favourable to that
clause of the Bill which prohibited burials in
churches.
I Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN hoped the Right
s Bill.
lion. Gentleman would consent to withdraw the
5 Mr. WARBURTON concurred in the hope
- which Hon. Members had expressed, that the Right
▪ Gentleman would postpone proceeding with the
Measure till next year.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
defended the Bill. Whatever objections might be
°Pposed to its provisions, he thought that in any
Point of view it was desirable that the House should
ito into the Committee.
- Mr. R. GORDON said, as the Bill contained so
tiltry objectionable clauses, some of which, 'with
e that cnnviction, had been postponed by the Right
t d4Oll- Gemtleman himself, it ought to be altogether
eferred tit. next Session.
LEYCESTER shortly opposed the Bill.
Dr. PHILLIMORE objected to the introduc-
t tion of a Bill of sucii importance at so late a period
of the Session.
• Dr. LUSHINGTON, although he did not ap-
e Prove the whole measure, should vote for the Mouse
a resolving itself into the Committee. He was quite
e convinced that were his Hon. Friends to inform
o themselves respecting the operation of the existing
e httv, and contrast it with the provisions of the pro-
ll Posed Bill, very little opposition would be offered to
that measure. Among other proposed alterations of
Which he approved, was one respecting the payment
9 of charges, and the levying of rates to meet them by
- the Vestries. With respect to patronage, he hoped
e 4e should never see the right of appointment placed
to the hands of n body of parishioners, which would
reduce a clergyman to the necessity of undertaking
• 4 Very degrading species of canvass.
V Dr. PHILLIMORE explained.
Mr. HUME thought it a great misfortune that
- Clergymen should not be elected by their own con-
:. Rtegation. But his principal objection to the Bill
1 was, that it alluded to eleven or twelve Acts of
y parliament without repealing them or consolidating
✓ them.

Mr. 6UGDEN thought the Bill a valuable one,
°IA that the objectionable clauses might be amended
f in a Committee. With respect to the election of
e Clergymen by their congrzgation, the effects that
had followed wherever that had been practised
1 lint make every man regret that it was allowed at
411.—(Hear, hear.)
• Sir F. BURDETT said his strong objection to
; the measure was the same as that of the Hon. Mem-
? ber fqr Montrose, namely, the number of laws there
existed upon this subject, and that now was the
proper time to consolidate them. The lion. Mem.
bet who spoke last had objected to the election of a
lergyman by his congregation, on the ground that
, it produced disorder. Lie could only say that the
fea, livings, he had in his gift were disposed of that
t w4y, and he had never found any thing but the
greatest harmony prevail between the parishioners
arid their clergymen.—(Cheers.)
On the question for the second reading of the Bill
- beirbg Put,
Mr. HUME moved as an amendment that it be
reads second time that day three months.
The House was then cleared for a division, when
here appeared.
For the Amendment
Against it
Majority against it —3B
A second division took place on the question that
the Bill be committed to a Committee up stairs, when
there appeared—.
For the Motion
Againstit ....................... 69
Majority against it —36
en out return to the Gallery We found
CI43D on his legs, saying, that if this
0 a -`et'lmen of the f manner in which the Hon.

Sir J. BRYDGES did not accuse all who were
at the other side of the House of being enemies to
the Church ; he had only said that there was a party
in the House inclined to pull down the Church.—
( Cries of name, name.)
Mr. W. WYNN opposed the Bill.
Lord SANDON was opposed to the further pro-
gress of the Bill during the present Session.
Mr. MONCK supported Mr. Hume's motion.
Dr. PHILLIMORE wished that the further de-
bate should be taken to-morrow.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, that in one particular the Bill had been mis-
understood, or he should, perhaps, rather say mis-
represented. It had been said that it would impose
a charge upon the public for the benefit of the
Church. This was untrue. Gentlemen had this
evening read parts only of clauses, and such parts as
they deemed best calculated to answer their own
purposes, and did not read the rest.—(Hear.)—
Some Hon. Members had read from the Act as if
the clauses were to increase the ecclesinstioarpowers
which the Act dealt with in its former condition. A
candid perusal of the whole would demonstrate that
this was by no means the case.
Mr. R. GORDON was opposed to the further
proceeding of the Bill at present.
Sir F. BURDETT, thought the Bill could not
possibly pass this Session—(Hear)—and wondered
that the Right Hon. Gentleman should so tenaciously
press it on. It was a curious fact that he (Sir F.
Burdett) held in his hand a petition signed by 800
most respectable people, inhabitants of Manchester,
against this Bill, in which one passage occurred that
would seem to have been written absolutely with a
foresight of all the imputations that were to be this
evening cast upon the opposers of the Bill. The
petitioners stated that among other of the ill effects
to be apprehended from it, it was a measure which
would compromise the popularity of the Church, and
bring those who raised it into comparative disrepute.
Before he sat down, an Hon. Baronet, who had
spoken in the debate, must give him leave to say,
that he seemed rather to have misapprehended the
meaning of the word " Church" as regarded its ac-
ceptation with those who had participated in this
night's discussion. He (Sir F. Burdett) understood
it as implying not the fabric, not the stone and
mortar, but the people—the community it comprised.
It was as the cedes fidelium that" the Church" was
here in question.—(Hear.) Upon the whole, he did
hope that this Bill would be deferred to next Session.
The gallery was then cleared for a division, and
the House divided, when the numbers were—
For the amendment pr0p05ed............ 42
Against it ............ ................ 73

On the motion that the Report be received,
Mr. MABERLY said, that being hemmed in
with turnpikes at the north end of the town was a
great nuisance, and as the old principle was recog-
nised in the present Bill, he hoped that the Noble
Lord would next year bring in a Bill to revert to it,
by making parishes pay for their own roads, when
those roads were now streets, and thought that the
New Road, which was a continued street, ought to be
governed by the same rules as Piccadilly and Oxford-
street.

Majority --Si
On nor re-admission we found Mr. Speaker still
in the Chair, and
Mr. Alderman WOOD on his legs. The Worthy
Alder►nan moved" that this House do now adjourn."
(Cries of Divide, and Question.)
Mr. R. COLBORNE hoped the discussion would
not now be continued.
Mr. BARING was decidedly opposed to the
principle of the Bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, who seconded the amend-

Lord LOWTHER hoped to have the subject so
maturedthat it might be considered early next Session.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed
of, and the House adjourned at Half-past One.

The rank of Privy Counsellor conferred upon
Mr. HENRY HOMIGUSR, the late Under-Secretary of State
for the Home Department, is said to have been at the
special instance of his MAJESTY.
DON MIGUEL AND THE GOLD MEDAL.—
We are delighted beyond measure to find that the gold me-
dal which the respectable Portuguese Merchants resident
in London had resolved on presenting to Don MtGuEL
(during his stay in town) as Regent of Portugal, is to be
melted down, the produce to be sent to the Hospital of
Oporto, and a statement to be inserted in the register of
that establishment declaring the cause of, and circum-
stances attending, the bequest. This is a cutting sarcasm
on the drunken young bigot.
The Parisians are even more fickle and in-
eonstant in their taste and attachment to musical lumi-
naries than ourselves. Madame PASTA was at one time
unrivalled in their esteem, until Madecooiselle SONTAG
threw her into the shade. The letter is now supplanted
by Madame MALIERAN GARCIA, whose talents were not
deemed of the highest order when she sang and acted at
the King's Theatre, previously to her being engaged by
Mr. Pawn for his Theatre in America.
The celebrated WILKIE has arrived in Lon-
don, after an absence of three years on the Continent. He
is in good health and in spirits too, although, as he says
himself, no part of the Continent has character front
which scenes ci comic life can be drawn, at least com-
paratively with those which abound in the British domi-
nions. He went with a party to see Earl Gnosvnton's
collection of pictures on Friday. He keeps his own pic-
tures, which he finished on the Continent quite close. Me
has, we are given to understand, been to see all the works
of art in Italy, Germany, France, Switzerland, Spain, and
the Netherlands.

The NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE, for July
1, contains, among numerous other original and interesting
articles—l. Letters to the Students of Glasgow, by T.
Ca mraELL, Esq. No. 6-2. Sketches of the Irish Bar,
No. I,—The last Clonmel Assizes-3. Mexico in 1627,
by H. G. WARD, Esq.-4. Table Talk, No. 4—The Court
of Common Pleas--5. LANDOR'S Imaginary Conversations
of Literary Men and Statesmen-6. Letters from Swit-
zerland, by the author of Letters from the East, No. 5-
7. Sketches of Parisian Society, Manners, Literature, &c.
—e. A Greek. Wedding—S. Vindicias Magogiams, or a
Modest Defence of Gog and Magog-19. Cannibalism-
-11. Society in India, No. 4-12. Italy, a Poem, by SAMUEL
ROGERS—Records of Woman, by Mrs. HEMANS-1.5. The
Soldier's Bride-14. Biographiesi Particulars of celebrated
Persons lately deceased—the Hon. Mrs. acdert, PETER
MOORE, Esq. Rev. W. Cox!, Margravine of Anorexia,
&c. lee. and the usual varieties in Art, Science, Criticism,
Politics, Commerce, Provincial Occurrences, the Drama,
&c. &c.—Printed for HENRY COLBURN, 8, New Burling-
ton-street; and sold by Josew Cuatatxxc, Dublin; and
BELL and BRADFUTE, Edinburgh.

It is reported that Lord Wm. I'AGET will be
forthwith appointed laspector-General of the Waterguard
in Ireland, worth 20001. a-year. This will occasion a
vacancy in the command of the Lord Lieutenant's yacht.
.—Dublin Evening Post.

EXTRAORDINARY CROP OF GAME.—
PEasLEs-sminx, JUNE 24.—The birds were never more
plenty or so forward as they are here this season ; indeed
I was informed by a friend, that be counted 25 in a brood
of partridges, but he thinks there must have been thirty or
more, in all, for many ran in such a way as he could not
count them, or it is possikle two broods might Lave joined,
but this is net likely, as there was but pair of old birds.
The prospect in Selkirkshire is equally promising, and the
birds on the moors are already strong on the wing on the
low grounds. The crops of every kind hold out the pro-
mise of great abundance.— Scotsman.
Wednesday night, about eight o'clock, a New-
haven boat, with a crew of seven men, while proceeding
to the fishing at the mouth of the Frith, was upset off the
bfartello Tower by a sudden squall of wind, which took
the sails aback, when she went down stern foremost.
Most fortunately another boat was close alongside, and suc-
ceeded in saving the whole of the crew. The accident
was observed at Newhaven, and as might be imagined, the
greatest consternation prevailed there for some time, until
it was ascertained that all the men were safe.—Edinburgh
Courant.

A Charter of incorporation has just received
the Royal signature, constituting an institution of Civil
Engineers, and naming Mr. TELFORD its President. The
objects of such institution, as recited in the Charter, are
" The general advancement of mechanical science,
and more particularly for promoting the acquisition
of that species of knowledge which constitutes the
profession of a Civil Engineer ; being the art of direct-
ing the great sources of power in nature for the use and
convenience of man, as the means of production and of
traffic in states, both for external and internal trade, as
applied in the construction of roads, bridges, aqueducts,
canals, river navigation, and docks, for internal intercourse
navigationand by
exchange; and in the construction of ports, harbours,
moles, breakwaters, and light-houses, and in the art of
artificial power, fur the purposes of com-
merce; and in the construction and adaptation of ma-
chinery, and in the drainage 'of cities and towns."
On Thursday night last, a dreadful fire broke
out on the premises of Messrs. R. and E. Scorr, malteters,
Plymouth, which after burning for some time was luckily
extinguished. The Messrs. Score's premises were, ws
understand, destroyed.

. ,
ITEMARLABLE ANIMAL.—A Nottingham
Paper gives an account of a most extraordinary calf, if it
can be so called, which is now in the possession of a
butcher in that town. It is now nine weeks old, and was
calved by an heifer in Kedillestone Park. There is every
reason to believe that it is a mule, the mixed produce of a
stag and the heifer ; this luaus naturze is perfectly lively,
and though it partakes in general of the character of a calf,
its bead, feet, skin, tail, &c. closely resemble those of the
deer kind.

The hay harvest has now become general
throughout the county, with most favourable weather for
hay being made and safely lodged. In some fields the
grass stands so thick and close at the bottom, that the
mowers seem to be forcing their scythes through a compact
and solid mass, leaving at every stroke a perpendicular wall
to b$ cut through. The crop will be most
sobf grassunda Yet
it, and the price proportionably low. Quantities
have been already sold at Is. 6d., some at Is. 3d., and
some, we understand, as low as Is. per cwt.—Cornwall
Gazette.

w
