Dr. TIM; V. P. in the Chair

The following Resolutions were adopted :
I. That in the present position of our affairs, tinder the lato rejec-
tion of the just and inalienable claims of the Canadas, by the British
House of Commons*, and the unjust and unconstitutional policy of
Lord John Russell, so unworthy of his illustrious and martyred an..
cestor Lord William Russell of venerated memory, it is inexpedient
without further consideration, for the Committee appointe.l at a for-
mer meeting of this Union on the 27th ult. to prepare an appeal to
the Reformers of the Province at large, impre,sing upon then the ur.
gent necessity, at this peculiar crisis of affairs; to meet in convention,
to make their report at present.
2. That we have arrived at this opinion, not from any hope we enter.
twin of obtaining justice 11Yom Dawning-street, or from the authorities
em;stituted in Gm:A Britain all our past complaints of misgovernment
and oppression have invariably ended in bitter disappointment, but that
we may consider well and maturely the ulterior prcesedings that the
present crisis of our pubic affairs seems imperiously to demand.
3. That we view the policy of Lord John Russell in proposing a
Commission of Trade to be elected by the Legislatures of both Pro.
vinces, and intrusting said Commission with quasi legislative function
and jurisdiction, as an infraction of our constitutional charter, a, the
weak invention of a Mi;:ister, now the open and avowet cremy of our
rights—that his unconstitutional interference in our Internal affairs is
discreditable to the crown he represents, and disgraceful to the ancient
house of Russell, and that his whole conduct, as regards the discussion
in the British House of Commons on the subject of Canadian
betrays a cowardly disposition in this pretended Reformer to " run with
the hare and hold with the hound" unworthy a Minister of the British
Crown.

4. That we owe a deep and lasting debt of gratitude to Sir W.
Mol esworth, Hart., Joiepli Hume, J. A. Roebuck, Daniel O'Connell,
Leader, Bsquires, and the other talented and uncompromising de-
fenders of our rights and liberties during the important debate on.the
affairs of the Canadas, on the 10th and 11th March last.
5. That this Union deeply sympathize with the sister provinces of
Lower Canada and Nova Scotia in their presort clittleulies, and that
they await with deep anxiety the action that may be had thereon by
those patriotic but long-snaring people.—Correspondent and Advocate.
Tine Great Northern Meeting of the Inhabitants of the Counties of
Simcoe and York, held at Lloydd Town, Upper Canada.

Among other resolutions the following were passed :

4. Reeolved—That the present circumstances of our sister province
of Lower Canada cannot fail to attract the attention and awaken II a
sympathies of all civilised men throughout the world, but in a more
especial manner such of this province who, being under the same Go-
vernment, must partake largely of the same evils which are threaten:d
upon them, if the home Government persist in the prosecution of the
measures lately resolved upon by the British P.trliament, which course,
we fully believe, will only tend to the further distractions of that
Province, and the final dismemberment of the empire.
Carried unanimously.
Moved by Mr. Thomas Eyes, and seconded by Mr. JESSE H.
CLEAVER—

5. Resolved—That the distractions of Lower . Canada are all owing
to the partial and bad administration of the Civil Government, upheld
by pretended " English interests," but really by an or -gaiii2.cd and in-
tolerant party, or fraternity, similar to, and mostly sprung from, the
same class which opposed the restoration of civil and equal liberty to the
Catholics of Ireland, and a hich is industriously occupied in producing
division, discord, and slavery here.
Carried unanimously.
Moved by Mr. TIIGMAS GAWLEY, seconded by Mr. ROBERT WIN e,
6. Resolved--That we esteem it not the privilege, but the right of

all men to think and to ntpress their thoughts and opinions on all
matters of hum in government, not only in what relates to their own
peculiar form, but also to any other, however remote and opposite to the
form and administralon of that under which they liv .—Carried una.
nimously.
Moved by 7, r. EDWARD QUIRK, SCCOndC I by Mr MONIAS Y,
junior,
. -
7. Resolved—That we protest against the foul and dastardly insinua-
:- ions of those who profess !tars " that the Lower Canadimis" in eb-
taining the just rights they have so long and so patiently supplicated,
It" are actuated by the motive to establish the Catholic, or any other de.
hiomination as a State Church in this province," but solely for the prec-
tical a-:knowledgment and protection to the equal civil and religious
rights of all towns and denominations in that portion cf the empire; in
all which we most heartily wish them success.
This resolution was carried by general acclamation. Read again, and
again cheered. . .
Moved by Mr. Richd. Murphy; seconded by Mr. Thos. Tracey, son
8. Resolved—That the grateful acknowledement of this meeting are
due to Joseph Hume, Daniel O'Connell, and Joh❑ Arthur Ree'euck,
Esqrs., and the Right Hon. Lord Brougham, Members of the British
Parliament, for their able advocacy of the constitutional rights of the
Canadian people.—Carried with an unanimous vote, and by three cheers.
Morel by Mr. Isaac Dennis; seconded by Mr. Aaron Clay:cn :-
9. Resolved—That the worthy Members who compose the mesra
mint.rity of the Commons' House of Asseubly, are deserving cur just
commendation, having exhibited a peculiar display cf talent and energy,
in ads ocating the rights of the people, and exposing the corruptions of
the Executive Government.
Moved by Mr. Jesse Lloyd : seconded by Mr. Francis Roily :-
10. Resolve I—That as a contradiction to the fats's, aspersion of the
agent cf the Colonial-ollice in Toronto, that "the people of Upper Ca-
nada hate democracy," and cling to despotism, we do declare, as the
opinion of this meeting, that we heartily approve of the proceedings of
the last House of Assembly with regard to Lower Canada, the repre-
sentatives of the people of which colony hare nobly maintained the de-
mocrative principle of the British Constitution, by steadily insisting on
honest economical government, responsible to public opinion, as in
Great Eritain, the United States, and all free countries. That we are
ready to make common cause with Lower Canada, if any British Mi-
nistry shal dare to dishonour our nation in the eyes of the world, by
putting in force Lord John Russell's abominable resolutions; and that
we hi.ve the fullest confidence in the ueshaken integi ity and democratic
principles of the Hon. Louis Joseph Papineau, and of John Rolph, and
Marshall S. Bidwell, Esquires, whose long, end valuable services to the
people of the Canadas, have entitled them to the hearty thanks of every
good citizen.

Passed unanimously, with a show of hands, read again, and three
cheers given for our pa:rioric leaders.
Moved by Mr. LEWIS PATTEN, seconded by Mr. J. JOHNSTON,
11. ResOlved—That the cause of the want and misery in many
townships, at this instant, is not occasioned by a bad or scanty harvest,
but ley the general pressure of obligations to land coon anies and specu-
lators, and our enormous law and office fees, which constrain the far-
mers to sell their produce prematurely, and by means of which, the
United States' merchants, or other such speculators did last season, and
may at any similarly inviting concurrence co-operate to produce the
same deplorable effects.
Moved by Mr. ELIJA II COLLARD, seconded by Mr. Iroasce Sum!,
12. Resolved—That with much regret and just indignation we have
viewed the establishment of rectories in this Peovine; indicating the
intentions of the Government io erect an established or dominant
Church, contrary to the many times expressed views of a large ma-
jority of the inhabitants of this colony. That such a direct violation
and opposition to the public mind is ca'culated to alienate the affix.
tiohs and withdraw all future confidence in, and hope of justice from
a government not identified with the so fully dee'ared will of the peo-
ple. We cordially approved of the zeal of the various classes of profes.
sors in opposition to this measure, but sincerely regre, and with
much respect do submit the want of consistency in one of the most pro-
minent and zealous, who, notwithstanoing their opposition to the es-
tablishment ofrectm ies, indicated a willingness to partake of exch.sive
privilege', hereby they seemed to have forgotten "that a State cannot
patronize one or more sects- without punishing others ;" and further,
that " a State has no wealth but the people's wealth, if it pay some it
impoverishes the rest."—Carried unanimously.
Moved by Mr. Joshua Clayton, seconded by Mr. Clarkson Hughes,
13. Resolved—" That from the experienc., of the past down to the
present hour, this meeting is under the conviction that the longer the
connexion is continued between this Province and the Mother Country,
the evils of a State Church, an unnatural aristocracy, party privilege,
public debt, and general oppression will more and more prevail : and
that if no radical change of plicy shah henceforth take place, an Act of
Separation is far more desirable if it could be obtained by peaceable
means. We humbly conceive that a stipulate price and compensation,
however great, were little in comparison, if it could avert the common
issue of all such policy on the one hand, and resistance cn the ether, as
heretofore, which have invariably terminated in the gre .t mutual
bloodshed, loss, and dishonour of both parties, thus strengthened and
perpetuated disgt st and hatred between nations of common origin,
naturally under other circumstances unite 1 by the dearest of all MU.
stions. Carriee:onanimaus'y.
Moved by Mr- Ttrostes W. TYSON, seconded by Mr. JOHN TrsoN.
14. Resolved—That our authorities being necessarily interested in
the question of " Independence," if they ssill entertain any doubts as
to the views and wishes of the majority, they may easily attest it by
adopting the Ballot. If they still, however, persist in rejecting this
mode of election in every case, we, on our part, protest against the in.
justice Nall kinds of bribery and official interference. Carried una-
nimously.
Moved by Mr. M MONEY, seconded by Mr. G. Huonns. •
15. Resolved—not we- sympathise with, and approve the steady,
peaceable, let patriotic conduct of oar brother Erfirmers cf Lotocr Ca.
noda, and bederd it t:ec,:ssary at this crisis to adoi t a rigid economy,
and to abstain as much as possible from all artic'es which are subject, to
duties, and takes for the support of a Gov. roment not responsible to
the people. N\re regret that past experience In.s not yet sufficiently
taught the lesson, that opposition to Reformation gener..lly e .ds in Re-
volu• ion. Carried unanimously. •

Moved by Mr. 'l'. Lloyd, seconded by Mr. W,lliam Dom.
16. Resolved—That we have Lndea,oured by every 'wails in our
power to open the ryes and soften the heLrts of eu, rulers, by number-
less pAitions, rcsortaiions, and celdrcesos to the laic Kii-g and
Government at home, as well as by the risk and ifices we ho.ve en-
countered in the honest exercise of our franchi the misrepresen-
tations of interestc porties have closed every avenue to the Thrcnc, and
every hope from the Parliament, and by bribe y and fraud they still
overrule all our efforts to retarn en ripAgl:t Asscnfoly, or procczd to
nullify its usefulness, and contrive its dissolu•ii n when so chosen ; a
conduit afflirrlin; amide confirmation, that any form of go e. mount re.
quiring an irre,poneihle administration in tho is of any more man,
or any numbcr of men whose interests lead thom to aLuse it, is dangc-
rou, at all times, and commonly fatal to the true honour and happiness
of both rulers and ruled. NVe therefo,e wish to express our decided
apprubotiun of Elective Institutions, through every deparment, civil
and judici••l—lhat elections be frer,uent, and these corducted by ballot in
e: cry respective township; and no qualification required in the candi-
dates or voters but the being a citizen or rubjcet, of good moral con.
duct, haring abdilies to discharge the annexed duties, and btiaj the
choice of the people.
