COURT CIRCULAR.

His MAJusTv left his Palace at St. James's soon after
seven o'clock on Wednesday evening in his carriage and
four, escorted by a party of Lancers, on his return to
Windsor Castle.

.. ..... —. -.....___
The Duke and Duchess of CUMBERLAND gave a grand
dinner on Wednesday evening at their residence in the
Palace at St. James's. Among the company were the
Duke and Duchess of Gonnori, the Duke of WELLtigo-
TON, the Marquis and Marchioness of SALISBURY, the
Marquis and Marchioness of LONDONDERRY, the Marquis
of CHANDOS, Earl and Countess BATHURST, Earls ELDON,
SHAFTESBURY, CARNARVON, ABERDEEN, and ROSSLYN,
Lord and Lady Martsrar,n, Lords WHARNCLIFFE, EN-
COMBE, FEVERSILAM, Sir ROBERT Paar, Sir HENRY
HARDINGE, Sir CHARLES WETHERELL.
The Duchess of CUMBERLAND, accompanied by Baroness
OMPTEDA, took an ailing yesterday in an open harouche.
A conference of the Ministers of Russia, Austria, France,
and Prussia, and Viscount PALMERSTON, was held on
Wednesday evening at the Foreign-office. The conference
lasted upwards of two hours.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at the
Foreign-office, which was attended by the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR, the Marquis of LANSDOWNE, Viscounts -MEL-
BOURNE, PALMERSTON, GODERICH, and ALTHORP, the
Earl of CARLISLE, the Right Hon. CHARLES GRANT,
Lord HOLLAND, Lord JOHN RUSSELL, Mr. STANLEY,
and Sir JAMES GRAHAM. The Ministers remained in
deliheration about two hours.
Alter the Council a conference of the Ministers of the
five great Powers was held at the Foreign-office. Prince
LIEYEN, the Russian Ambassador ; Prince TALLEYRAND,
the French Ambassador ; the Prussian Minister, and the
Baron de WESSENBURG, on a special mission limn Austria,
were present.
The Belgian Mini.ter had an interview with Viscount
PALmans-roN yesterday. The Secretary to the Nether-
lands Embassy transacted business yesterday at the Foreign-
office. •

The Marquis of ANGLESEA has arrived in town from
Ireland.

In our list of presentations yesterday, for Lieutenant-
General DANen, read Lieutenant-General DANA, and f,)r
Li. utriant T. NIA Yfir., read Lieutenant J. M.\ NE,

rbf
„elan+
e

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 30, 1831.

The debates in the House of Lords last night
are of more than ordinary interest. On the
LORD CHANCELLOR'S presentation of two Re-
form petitions, from Edinburgh and the Com-
mon Council of London, a spirit was elicited of
a very inauspicious character, and one which, we
apprehend, will go far to strengthen the suspicions
of those who augur the rejection of the great mea-
sure. Lord WHARNCLIFFE talked ominously of
if their Lordships refused the Bill, Sze." Lord
MELVILLE threw out similar insinuations, which
indeed might have been anticipated by those
acquainted with the political opinions of both
Noble Lords, but not the marked favour with
which their sentiments seem to have been re-
ceived by the House. This last is an inauspi-
cious symptom, and will necessarily prepare the
people to expect the worst. Nevertheless we
conjure them not to be disheartened ; but to
rely—peaceably and confidently—on the assur-
ance that, let the Lords storm and bluster
as they will, the Bill must pass. The in-
stant it is rejected, a prorogation will, no
doubt, take place, the interval will be de-
voted to a sufficient amplification of the
Peerage, Parliament will again meet, the Bill
be again brought forward, and the triumph of
Reform be ensured. What lunatics then—
what, worse than lunatic:,—must those be who
hesitate now to accord as an act of grace, what
they must shortly he compelled to yield as a
matter of necessity ? But there are some whom
experience teaches in vain ; to whom time brings
no wisdom in his flight ; who to the grey hairs
and weakness of age add the stubborn rashness
and thoughtlessness of youth. And is it by
these, and such as these, that the hopes of an
entire nation are to be blighted ? Forbid it, heaven !
After a desultory discussion on Reform, the
Marquis of LONDONDERRY again brought for-
ward that most intolerable of all bores, the
Belgian question. The Noble Lord's motion
was ultimately withdrawn, but not before it had
been abundantly demonstrated with what extra-
ordinary thickness it has pleased Providence,
doubtless for wise purposes, to endow some aristo-
cratic skulls. if there be one man more than ano-
ther in whose intellectual composition nature and
art seem to have entered into a struggle, as to
which could give him the least and deny him
the most, a certain Noble Marquis, whose name
from motives of delicacy we forbear mentioning,
is that man. He literally and truly possesses but
two ideas, and between these two—both of which
by the by are wrong—he is perpetually vacil-
lating, like a certain congenial animal be-
tween two bundles of hay. Oh, that it
would please Providence to add exalted wis-
dom, or even that moderate degree of sagacity
which enables a man to see to the extreme length
of his nose, to exalted rank, how many long, dull
egotistical, incoherent rhapsodies on France
and the Belgian question, should we not be
spared in the highest Legislative assembly of the
kingdom !

'The Prussian State Gazette mentions that
the Polish National Government and its organ,
General RYBINSK', have proposed to General
PASKEWITSCII to evacuate Modlin and the en-
virons, provided the southern parts of the king-
dom and part of the province of Kalisch, be
give❑ up to them, that the Russian Com-
mander will not hear of such a proposal, and
has already caused several bodies of troops
to advance on both sides of the Vistula towards
Warsaw. The Polish National Journal ascribes
the surrender of the capital to treachery, and the
conduct of General KRUKOWIECKI who, on his
part, throws the blame on the Government and
the Chamber of Deputies. A proclamation of
the Senate says emphatically, " Warsaw is not
Poland," and speaks of the cause as being far
from lost :

WARSAW, SEPT. IS.-Ten days have now passed
since the taking of \Varsaw. The inhabitants of this
capital have learned that the Russian troops entertain no
feelings of revenge, no wishes exceeding the limits of ex-
emplary discipline, and that the insinuations of the Clubs
and the Journalists, overflowing with represm'ations of
the cruelty of the enemy, were mere delusions. Mean-
time the Russian Commander-in• Chief gives his troops
some repose after their extraordinary exertions, and en-
deavours, by negotiations with the remains of the Polish
army in and about Motion, to spare both parties further
bloodslied. Whether this humare object will be attained

remains to be seen. The National Government, and its
organ General Rybinski, have made this remarkable pro.
posal, to evacuate Modlin and the environs, if the southern
parts of the kingdom, namely, the provinces of Lublin,
Sandomir, and Cracow, and part of the province of
Kalisch, were given up to them. Such a proposal being
more like that of the conquering than of the vanquished
party could not of course be regarded by the Russian
Commander, who has already caused several bodies of
troops to advance on both sides of the Vistula towards
Modlin, and a bridge is erecting over the Vistula, at
Jablonna. From Medlin itself we hear that about 2,000
Polish troops occupy the Tete de Pont, on the other side
of the Vistula, that the communication between this Tete
de Pont and the town is in good condition, and that the
latter has only a small garrison. As the Polish main
army, which is continually diminished by desertion, has
sent numerous detachments into the surrounding country,
chiefly to Oblain, provisions, which begin to be scarce in
and about Modlin, are very dear. Plozk is said to be
also without troops, but it is added that there are 1,200
sick in the hospitals. The numbers of the Clubs and the
Journalists in Zakroczyn do not, however, relax their endea-
vours to recover as far as they are able the spirits of the
Polish troops still in the field, which are greatly depressed
by the loss of the capital.
In the copies which have been received here of the new
Polish Notional Journal, which bears the motto—
" Poland is not yet lost," the surrender of Warsaw, caused
by the triumph of the Russian arms, is ascribed to
treachery—all the blame is throw❑ upon General
Krukowiecki, who, on his part, has published a
defence, in which he casts the disgrace of treachery and
double dealing on the National Government and the Cham-
ber of Deputies.
Our Journals will probably publish this document,which is
of great importance towards the history of the Polish Revo-
lution, and then the public in general will be able to fonts
an opinion. General Krukowiecki is said to have re-
tired to his estates near Radom. The National Journal
gives the proclamation of the National Government, in
which the Deputy Bonaventura Numozenski is appointed
President of the Senate, and Colonel Zielniski, Vice Presi-
dent. It also contains an extract from the protocol of the
sitting of the Senate on the '7th, in which the Marshal of
of the Diet, Ostrowski, communicated the resignation of
General Krukowiecki, and lastly the appointment of Pro-
fessor Joachim Lelewel to he the Minister of Public Instruc-
tion ; the Deputy Szaniezki, Minister of Justice ; Gene-
ral Morawski, of Foreign Affairs ; and the Deputy Aloys
Biernazki, of Finance. A Proclamation of the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies, addressed to the army says,
" The capitulation of the capital, which the Senate
did not confirm, is in no wise connected with
the existence of a people hitherto free and lode.
pendent. 'When we left the capital we did not, there-
fore, abandon the cause of the country ; we by no means
departed front the system we had adopted. Warsaw was
not Poland ! Meantime the Polish army has lost many
thousand men, who have gone to their homes since it
quitted the capital, and it is estimated at 14,000 or
15,000 men at the most, with '7O pieces of cannon ; but
they are said to have a very scanty supply of ammuni-
tion." General Romarino, commanding a separate corps,
turned unexpectedly towards Kasciniez, but found the
bridge broken down, on which he proceeded southwards
to Bachoue ; here he was again closely pressed by the
corps of General B tron Rosen, whose van guard is com-
manded by General Krassowski. He returned back to
Osole, and according to the most recent accounts which
have just been received here had taken refuge with 10,000
men and 140 pieces of cannon in the Austrian territory,
near Zaklekow. Prince Czartorski, who served as a
volunteer in this corps, is said to have escaped across the
Vistula in a boat.

The Warsaw Gazette, of the 15th and 16th, contains
a circumstantisl account, derived, as it seems, from good
authority, of the taking of Warsaw ; and an order of the
Municipality, by which no person is allowed to appear in
the streets after nine o'clock i❑ the evening,—only persons
in office returning from their bureaux, physicians visiting
their patients, and messengers sent to the apothecaries,
are excepted.
BERLIN, SEPT. 23.—The Konigsburg Journal has the
following article :—" Memel, Sept. 16.—Troops of insur-
gents have beet► again formed in Samogitia, said to be
commanded by a person named Riminski. The Russian
officers on the frontiers are alarmed, and have packed up
their effects, ready to take refuge in the Prussian territory."
CHOLERA AT BERLIN.
New Cases. Recoveries. Deaths.
Sept. 22, 31 9 20
28 14
There remains 214.

ST. PETERSBURGII, SEPT. 13.—The cholera is rapidly
abating in this city, as appears from the following table.
On the Bth there remained 37 patients.
New Cases. Recoveries. Deaths.

Sept. 9, 4 - 3 4
10, 7 H "
11, 0 10 2
12, 2 3 1
There remain 14, of whom 7 are likely to recover.

Tit; HAGUE, SE;r. 27.—1 t is reported that the ordi-
nary sitting of the States General will be closed on the
4th of October.

It is certain that a third battalion of grenadiers is to be
formed. Bounties are promised to those who will enlist
in it. On the 24th Captain Eater and Captain Van
\\teener, with 184 subalterns and privates, were released
from their captivity in Belgium. They were very well
clothed, and their appearance shelved that they hal ken
better treated than their comrades who returned before
them, which they also ascribe to the care taken of them
by Captain Van Weenen during their captivity at Mons
and on their way home.
AMSTERDAM, SEPT. 0.
Actual Debt, 214 per cent 374 to 38
Voluntary Loan B2 to 82%
Amort Syndic, 4;<, per cent.
Ditto, ditto, 31.', per cent 4Bg, to 49
Exchange on London ll-93 to 11.90 5-10
Two Months

The division on the Sugar Refineries Bill
again places the West India interest in almost
as unfavourable a point of view, as their factious
allies from the Opposition side of the House. A
coalition between the dissatisfied Colonists, and
the enemies of the Ministry, has done what in it
lay to ruin a valuable branch of industry in this
country, by opposing the renewal of the Bill for
the encouragement of refining sugar for exporta-
tion, which Bill has been regularly continued
for years from Session to Session, under Tory
Ministers as well as Whigs, and which has been
productive of no injury whatever to the West
India trade. It is, in fact, clear to demonstra-
tion, that the West Indians cannot be affected
by it, so long as the supply of their sugar ex-
ceeds the demand for it at home, and its price
is consequently determined by the price of
sugar on the Continent, which is kept down by
the produce of Cuba and the Brazils. The
monopoly sought to be created in their favour
by our colonial policy, has been nullified by
natural causes, which afford a striking proof of
the short-sightedness that has so frequently at-
tended our legislation. The West Indians
can hardly be otherwise than aware how little
the Bill in question can touch them ; and, if
so, their conduct on this occasion will, to say,
the least, not add much to their character with
the country.

In this, and other instances, the conduct of
the West India interest appears to us inde-
fensible. But it is nevertheless impossible to
refuse to it a share of that commiseration
which is due to misfortunes brought on chiefly
by circumstances beyond the controul of the
sufferers. The competition of foreign produce
under advantages denied by nature, and the law,
to the British Colonies—the continuance of the
foreign slave trade to the prejudice of
check
e thek
y price of labour in the last mentioned Colonies,
where the expense of slaves bears so great a
,iidis-
proportioniclthe high dutiestotheiru onsef sugar
impose usefulness—and
the
consumption of the United Kingdom—are all
difficulties against which the West Indians have
had to bear up without any fault of their on,
and in opposition to which they are unable any
longer to contend. The last resolutions from
Jamaica, coupled with the preceding ones to
a similar effect from that and other islands, pro

that the affairs of the Colonies are approaching
a crisis full of difficulty, if not of danger. The •
Mother Country, whether deservedly or unde-
servedly, has lost the affections of the colonists,
who no longer conceal their intentions of trans-
ferring their allegiance to another Sovereign,
unless the British Government is prepared to do,
for their relief, what it is not in the power
of the Government to accomplish. We do not
see our way at all satisfactorily to the issue of
these remonstrances, though there is some con-
solation in reflecting that in any event a separa-
tion • could only be prejudicial to one of the
parties, namely, the Colonies ; for we apprehend
that the chimerical idea of the wealth or strength
of Great Britain being, in any degree, depen-
dent upon her West India possessions, is not
now seriously entertained by any thinking per-
son. The power and prosperity of this country
resulting from her internal resources, are, hap-
pily, more securely founded than on so precarious
a basis.

The evils to which the system of mortgages
has led are such as, we fear, the planters can
never recover from. The commissions and charges
of the mortgagee-consignees are stated to saddle
British colonial produce with a burthen of one-
third more than the produce of foreign posses-
sions has to bear. how is it possible for a trade
ruined by other causes, to go on with such an
additional clog as this ? Our learned contem-
porary of the Morning Chronicle lately ex-
emplified the good effects of the law of Louis
XIV., which prohibited mortgages in the
French colonies, and assuredly our planters
would have been fortunate if the wisdom of
our ancestors had protected them by anti-
cipation against the mill-stone that now hangs
round their necks. The' cupidity of the Lon-
don capitalists seems likely to teach them a simi-
lar lesson to that which the Amsterdam mer-
chants have learned from the ruin of the trade
of that city. The removal of commerce from
Amsterdam is mainly attributable to the exor-
bitant charges of the capitalists there, who vainly
thought their wealth would always enable them
to keep commerce under their grasp. The re-
sult of such attempts has, in the long run, always
been the injury or ruin of the parties practising
them ; nor has the punishment been undeserved
by those who have acted as if they were both re-
gardless of the duty of moderation, and ignorant
of the true nature of trade.

We observe, that in some lectures recently
delivered by Mr. CLARKSON, it is recom-
mended that the prayer of all petitions now be,
" the instant and utter abolition of negro
slavery," and that nothing short of this ulti-
matum should be thought of being accepted by
the enemies of slavery. If the Government be
as hard pressed by the anti-slavery party as it
has been heretofore, whilst at the same time it is
defied by the colonists under the threat of trans-
ferring their allegiance, it will have a most diffi-
cult task before long on its hands, and one
which we sincerely wish it well through. Minds
of no ordinary calibre will be required to over-
come the difficulties of the colonial crisis.

We learn by the Paris Journals that Louis
PHI LIPPE, in compliance, we suppose, with
the wishes of the people, has at length decided
on changing his abode from the Palais Royal to
the Thuilleries, the old established residence of
the reigning Sovereigns of France. According
to the latest accounts all continued quiet in the
capital, and the Ministry appeared to have ra-
ther increased, than fallen off, in their strength.

We direct attention :to an article in the
Morning Chronicle, which will be found under
the usual head, descriptive of certain Court in-
trigues now actively at work for the purpose of
ensuring the overthrow of the Reform Bill.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
• CORN EXCHANGE.

Our market was very dull this morning, and very few sales
could be effected; but Monday's prices were generally supported
fOr all descriptions of grain.

A RRIVALS.
Wheat. I Barley. 1 Oats. I Flour.
9,143 qrs. 6,417 qrs. 7,684 qrs.llo,o-22sacks
1,689 3,264
3,539 993

English ....
Irish
I. °reign

- brls.

SART lIFIELD MARKET.

This day's supply of fat stock was tolerably numerous for that
of a Friday, but in great part of inferior quality. The trade was
very dull throughout, with Beef, Mutton, Veal, and Fmk, at
barely Monday's currency ; with Lamb at a depression of full
2d. per stone. Mitch Cows, and In-calvers too, barely supported
their last week's prices, scarcely one exceeding 19/.

PRICES PER STONE OF bills. TO SINK THE OFFALS.
s. d. to i. d. S. ii. to fl. d.
Inferior Beasts 2 0 2 4 Large Lambs
Second quality ditto 2 6 210 Prime small ditto 3 6 4 6
Prime large Oxen... 3 6 3 8 Large coarse Calves 3 6 4 0
Prime Scots, &c..... 3 8 4 0 Prime small ditto 4 6 410
Inferior Sheep 2 4 2 8 Large Hogs 3 6 310
Second quality ditto 210 3 2 Small Porkers 4 6 410
Coarse-woolled ditto 3 8 4 0 Suckling Calves 12s to 4.ss.each.
SouthdownWethers 4 2 4 4 Quarter old Pigs 12s to 18s.each.
