B qISTOL.' Nov. 19.

YesrealAY.morning the. Royal Br istolVnlunteers
were inspetled Ito Qencral I korrort, in Queen's-
square ;.and after their forming into columns, the
General 'addressed them in an appropriate and ener.
gide speech, to the following purport •• • •
40. It ts with pride'l observe the general, spirit
which is displayed in this great and opulent City.—
ROYAL BilsTOL VOLUNTItiIIS, your military ap.
pearatiee` this morning renders you highly worthy
that appellation; and doubt not, if the time were
nigh at hand, when the common enemy of mankind
should set.foot on our happy•shores, your loyalty
and magnanimity, together with your numerous
brethren in -arms, would ultimately triumph over
those demons of discord, who have so long agitated
the peaceful nations of Europe.—ln (aft, Citizens of
Bristol, 1 now, address you on, the most momentous
and important . subject, and at the most critical
crisis this City ever beheld.—You have personally
united to check the progress of the most diabolical
and dangerous man in the universe ; and I am confi.
dent your sentiments are equally unatirnotis.—We
continually hear of the efteas of French conquest,
the cvelty of French power, and the devastation
ot French rapacity.—You are now engaged to de.
cide the great question of Liberty .or, Slavery ;, and
it behoves you to
.be particularly .attentive to Your
military acquirements. Without discipline, nothing
can be eifetted; and without strict attention, no.
thing of moment can be acquired.--You hive to
cope with a man Wlto has professed every religion
to gain his point; and to snbjeet his unhappy vietims
to the most•abjed slavery :-1-first he is a Deist, then
,!
an Atheist, next a Mahtsmetan, and last of all a
Roman Catholic ;—and when he has lulled you to
sheep Ity.his hypocritical cant, and disarmed, you•
-
your amiable wives, your endearing children, and
your virtuous relatives, will forcibly feel the hor-
rors and privations which the unhappy Hanoverians
now experienee.—Already you have received the

Thanks of both Houses ofßarliament—if that gives
you any pleasure, what must your feelings be after
having achieved glory—after baying driven the
sordid enemy, from your shures,—when you return to
your homes,
_and are caressed by your wives and
childienthen Will'you meet With the reward your
services ,merit, and. be 'enabled peacefully to ,corn.
Ouse yourselves,. being conscious yourinclividual
hours unieed have prevented that tyranny, which
so many unhappy Countries at present 'expel fence.—.
Before I conclude, let me conjure you to he at all'

times aw.ike. to your danger, • and let your danger
be a constant stimulus 10 your duty ;—then you will
have nothing to fear.".
The day being fine, tlte speftatnes were name.
rous, and appeared much gratified with the scene.
The General complimented the Corps On their miii.
tary appearance, in the highest terms.

Thursday afternoon a match between two horses
of the fourth dragoons, the one belonging to the Ma.
jneond the other to the. Adjutant of the Regiment,,'
the former being A blond horsey the other only half
bred, with a sleet) distance of ;40 yards in hisfaeout,
at starting, envying equal weighty was decided•on
the trace-NIL linghton, for the sum of one hundred
guineas and bets to a very considerable atnouot.
horses ;tatted by the sound of a bugle, and. the race.
won by the halt bred horse by a distsrice of nearly
twenty yards. Seven to four, at starting in fAvour
of the blood two to ono during the first mile, and
evert betting after., The horses Mlle lode by oh'ver
I, akid, Crestutii, two Lieutenants 0;4 4,111, .

sEEns.

r.-
LUNDON Ptinuid by BUCHANAN WhfiLLAN, (of Batw*Strg", 6C!'teall•Gaiden)p and Pt:Witted by Vis ita si A11)41(1114. iprs, rot spud:, hfuiton_street, Grosvenor•iqualc);
At ilie Sulf.Ostics, No. ii;l Straid i Where 444rallit*Iimarila Oritteri for the Pater, Lovett for' the Echter, Stc.l(ost.h.4 I. must be addressea.
