[British Press.)

• An 'event far more alarming in its nature eren than the
'neorrences at the memorable Meeting at Manchester, has
,b,reti perpetrated in the t'ity of Dublin. Military vio;ericf;
tas been employed to interrupt the free deliberation of the
Fs te,tinideri of-the Metropolitan County of Ireland, because
it was possible that the result might hate proved distastefull
to tiie persons 110 W in authority; a public Meeting assembled

within the High Sheriff's Court was disperserl at the paint of
the bayonet, and the Chairman, Lord Cloncurry, was di teen
from his seat by the rude' bands of armed merit —We •must
confess that we are extremely UnWillng-tri suffer the free ex'
pressian of •our feelings upon this dreadful outrage,. which
cannot he defended, as •in the case of the .iffair.ot Manche-
ter, even by the pretence of political expediency, or the ap.,
prehension of individuals that the pubiic peace was endan,
gered. At Manchester there were immense bodies of men
marshalled, as it was said, in unitary order-men who had
been drilled for some days to make a more impressive dis
plop—who were preceded.in their march by Most traitorous
music, and were accompanied by ..most inflammatory stand,
ards ; but in Dublin there was no drilling, no marshallior, of
men in military order, no musio, ,no flags; the Meeting in
Manchester was held in the open air, and consisted of many
thousand persons; the Meeting in Dublin was held within
tit Court HOnse'; consisted of Freeholders' of the County,
and.was of course loo;teet by the spaceof the Court. We hOtor
that as yet there-is no Sheriff.or other Magist rate in England
wim would bare dared to disperse such an'.assembly by
armed force; hut' should th'e occurrence in Dolititi be suf-
fered to pass unnoticed, we shall look upon it as the liar-
tzinger of evil days to this portion of the empire, and
a • tearful assurance that the s3stem of military tenor
established in Ireland by the present Ministry n
tinder the like auspices, .contront at no distant perk/4'llre
destinies of England. The meeting was, it sethris; on
eivally coiled by the Hie!) Sheriff of the County of Dub-
lin. Sir Iliehard Steele, on the requisition of suit*/ lftr,`-tos
wleo were anxious tit testify their exclusive loyalty at the ex
prose of .the fair fame and character of their fedlow subjects.
The meeting purported to be public;' brit the High Sheriff
honestly and coostitut took rate, by the distribution
of constables, and other obvious means, to exclude as many
of the freeholders as he could ascertain to tie actnatril hr
independent principles. In the execetion of their duty, it-
•seems that the ClW•ltablescoaint!itvuSome eeree-ious blon-
des-sr; (Or, upon the. altpearance of some symptom, of orp.si-
tion, lo.swg conemandedoo exclude 'pers6Os of a eettaiu I,ste.
in poPtics, they unhappily thought it -afi'r-t s Ciuse tt1C,N,,,0
..11.4tget her—and so strictly did they observe tteir own rut,,
in. this respect, that Judge Day, Lord Frani:fort, Lord Nowt))
(the intended mover of the Addres,), Mr; H.-Hamithor, win
of the Members for the comity, ant soilie other d 3 n~ ere ati
were compelled to creep', in throneb n•iiidoW !---Lord
nowt!) haring effected his entrance, .propreted his A!-
dress to the 'Ministers, oni:er the tlrWle Of all Address to
the king. An Amendment
,no:less t rule lovatin its nature,
hot less ministerial, was proposed by Mr. il.‘rne,
C"ltits,l, but the Sheriff declared that he did not attend to
hear speeches, and would permit no discussion whatever.
The excellent •Knight declared of his owl; aathitriq and
upon his honour (yet by Tottelestime's ' logic was he
not for-merit), that the original , Address was -carried,
aye, 10Q to I, and then prooounced the meeting to ebe
dissolved. Indignation intlaared the Assembly ; the,
voted Lord Cloncurry into the Chair, and were pro
everting to Ili,cu.cfrs the Address and the Ainerulmeot
ei-thio the limits of the County Court, when, a ttody

'of soldiers eras sent into the Hall, and 4.1i,p;-rscd the meet-
jog at the point of the bayonet. Why should- Sir Richard
Steele be to listen to speeches when lie had bayonets
at his command ? What arguments could be more conrinc
jog ? Bayonets are good practical reasoning, is hich W.
theories, however wild, eau possibly resist.' It ,was an excel
lent jerk! for Louis XIV. to stamp upon his cannon the words
" Ultima ratio Recum," but the amintinns King who appeal
eel to Ids artillery in the last resort, was far exceeded by Sir
Richard Steele, who brings his bayonets into action on the
very first oppOttimity. This, howevery is butts continuance
, of the old system under which Ireland has too long laboured,
hut which it was earnestly hoped should hare closed. With the
Legislative .Union. Ireland has long been amused with the
semblance cf the Enf,ligh constitution, and her people have
often been taunted most unjustly with not having turned this
blessing of freedoms to the same account that it has prod iced
aiming us. There is an extraordinary %hulk' itylie!Averrs the
present circomstances of this country and tlnisc at Ireland
previous to the overthrow of her independent I.,gis!attirr,
;ma it rests with the people to consider li,w far such an un-
happy coincidence might have been effected by the presence
of's,,ord Castlereagh in the Cabinet. The advocate a,ol
Promoter of a Military Government' in Ireland cannot be
a safe Minister for the Constitutional Monarch of Cireat
3ritain.

[The Public Ledger.]
It is said that sume difference of opinion e7isted be-
tween the Eart of Liverpool and Lord Castlereagh, upo'filht;
subjectof appointing a successor to Mr. Canning. The former
wished the Board of Controullo be given to Mr, l lel, and
the latter was desirous that it shotrA be conferred on Mr.
RobisiSiin. The qtresion, it is believed, is set at rest by Mr.
Peel's refusing to take the otbce, and Mr. Robinson will.
therefore,.be Mr. Canning's successor. It is rumoured, but
Less confidently, that Mr. Arbuthnot will retire, and that Mr.
lltishisson will take his pliice, as Secretary to tire Treasdry.—
Sliould these reports prove correct, the Treasurership of the
Navy and the Surveyor Generalship of Woods and Forests,
now held by Mr. Robinson and Mr..Hirshisstm, will be at the
disposal of Ministers. •

The following is an extract of a Letter, dated the 2.14
from Anwerdam T.—" Messrs. Elope and Co. the Ilatiliers, re-
ceived a Message last night from,the Minister of Finance in
announcing the amount of one year's-interest on the
debt due from Spain to the Dutch creditors. Although this
Nlinater can givg no definitive, explanation of the Decree of
the Cortes relatirelo•this debt, the funds will be lodged at
Amsterdam, waiting their decision. In consequence of this
news, the r')//ligations and the. coupons of November, 1820,
have experienced a rise. The runner are at 59i—the others
at 35 francs.''—(lbid.)
"•

[The Times.] •
There have been no arrivals fro►h Italy, since our last,
through any . public channel. Private i►r'clligence however
states, that the Parliament,, whose aversion to the King's
journey was as, manifest as it was unwilling, hurr►ed over by
permanent'sittings the necessary modificAions of the Sptini;h
Constitution, and presented• the result of their labours to his
Ntijesty, that he ,ts►iglt formally sign them befo►e his de-
parture for Leghorn. This important act was executed by
the Kinir on The evening of the Hitt December, twenty-four
hours before he sailed. •

We should be truly glad if we could allow our readers and
ourselves a respite from the never-varying subjects of ultra-
loyalty manoeuvres, and the Queen's treatment; but some-
thiolx,new continually rises up requiring exposnre and for-
bidding silence: A ITlCetillZ of the county of Dublin took
place on Saturday last at Kilmainhani ; and a hare perusal
of- the proceedings, which we have. inserted, will almost su-
persede the necessity of any remark from us on the 'disgrace-
till conduct of, -men who are loud in avowal's of attach-
ment to the Constitution, and 'yet foremnst in the violation
of its first principles. On a motion for an amended ad-
dress made by Mr. Borne, the Sheriff put the question no
the original address, and.declared it to be carried, though
there:Were one,hqudred to one against it. This ultra method
of procuring nrearim-ms resolutions was only equalled brthe
subsequent one of dissolving the Meeting. Lord Cloncurry
was then called hi the chair, and the amer-ded Address wet,
again proposed—warCri an armed force burst iti, and literally
drove the Members who composed the meeting oileof the
Court House. Even after this outrage the amended Ad-
dress was immediately voted, in front of the Court House,
and the meeting quietly dispersed.—There was a most
respectable meeting held yeSterday at Lambeth, for
the porpose of cougrattilatiog tl:e Queen, addressing
the Kin;{, and petitioning the House of Commons. It
apirearit from the speech of Mr. Scbultes—to our report of
which we refer the Reader—that the act of striking her Mrtn.
jetty's'"name nut of-the Liturgy will shortly • become cogniza-
ble before a jury of Englishinen; such au intention had been
hinted at some time ago, and we are glad to find it true. AVe
shall not repeat out former arguments on this subject, or quote
the regal authorities advaueed by this 'gentleman in support 'of
his opinion, that every clergyman who so omits her Majes-
ty's name is liable to a'prosecution : but We cannot forbear
to -remark how touch dissension and bickering would have
been peeeentee. if Nlinisters, when t hey-withdrew the Bill of
Pains and Penalties, bad instantly con-ceded this point to jus-
tice, and the wishes of the whole nation, instead of leaving
it to be wicSted from them as we are confident it will lie—by
a process at law or the more expeditious interference of Par-
liatnent.—(//rid.).

[New Times.]
The latest accounts 'from Naples are -of the 14th ultimo,
at which time all remained qttiet; but the revidutioriary
party wera in a state of great and deserved 'anxiety. The
attempt of these met) to seize on the Sovereignty, and 'keep
their icing as a, puppet in their hands has so far failedi
that the old Monarch has been personally withdrawn from
their power. It is not very •improbable that in-his ab-
sence a Counter-Revolution may he effected ; and if so,
we trust, that the Allies will insist en the re-establish-
ment of the liberties and franchises of the People,
on their ancient footing, adapted only to the necessary

chabges rn the
~nrogress rirtit'llinti-on, • As to the neit and
proendeil Constitutions which-the ltrvolutionists every Where
set np, they are as hostile to true Liberty, as their establish-
ment is to the general peace and iirtlet of the world. We-say
of the apisroaching rfegociatinirs at Llyheeb,.aS we do .4
if the
appoaching discussions in Parliament, let those on whose
rtirction the fate of nations depends., act with as much vi-
;zoo'', as we doubt mit they will with honesty; and they will
be sure of the most tritimphantand hoteficial result.

Ws, have ion: thought, that not only in this country, hut
throughout FA•ope, a toleration, almost reaching to conniv-
ance, has been sbewn tossiards revolutionary men, and revo-
lutionary -.principles. The assassination of the Dube de Berri
was the natural fruit of that unpardOnable treason of the
French police whith 'dictated'. the Private Correspondents of
IBIS in ''he Tinats• the bloody plot of Caul-street was en-
,
cassassinationged by the assassination letter to Mr. Canning, pub-
lished and praised in the saute infamous Journal: Wise and
griod men haVe not shetvn sufficient horror of writers
who have m4nifestly laboured to eradicate every. vir-
twins and hodourable principle front the human ['nod.—
Authority has striod mute -before• the insolent- revilings ref
those who set themselves above all control, and assumed a
defirpotic power over poblic opinion. It is impossible to 'find a
piry, and hard to, find .an itichridual,'•Who has not been noire
or less intimidated from the stern discharge of duty,- by that
obscure terror with which a revolutionary Press ovetelouds.
the clearest mind, The 'evil has, -indeed, grown op Myer-
rept Oily.; but now that our eyes are opened to its magnitude,
eve have every reason to call trpon tb iCeatrnve us far vigour and
firmness, and to prothise thenftliat, without which they eamint
he firm and rigoroos to any purpose, our prompt anti united
support. Her Majesty's ,Venal Journal continues, with
the nest insolent defiance of coulimon sense, to declare that
the Queen has been pf °Veil " as 'pure'as ansterined 511,m"
alid this; after its still mole audacious-attempt to pass off •the
"appearance of her guilt, as a modest, relined, and iblicate
-hoax—a hoax Porposely"cont rived by herself, !•.* make out at
least apr met nefe case a.:7;ainst her own i:mocence. Into
this part oilier Majesty's eirriditct 11-pi-inhabitants of Dudley
decline to enter: but they declare -their opinion upon
certain other' faits whirls are open, palpable, and no!o
rims. It is notorious that this Foreign. Princess has.
since her last omened arrival in this - Country. be-
come- " the mob idol of the day,"' the " rallying point of
a factions popotaee"-1 hat an trowartantable else has
been made of her name to scatter abroad the firebrands of
dislolnity." This conduct of hers cannot lint excite the in-
gnation of every true Englishman : and that indignation
the inhaliitarat of .Iflulfey fearlessly avow. Let, her NI,
jefay tike wanting. Ler I.r discard the designing men; by
whose artifices she haS been deluded. What is said of them
and of their views, in these admirable Resolution's., is eor-,
racily true, and "awfully instructive—" Under the specious
is core and guise of Liberty, they aim at the, subversion
eel the 'Throne and the Constitution, and are forge
for this free People, fetters of the most servile bohthiL.,r.--
" Thee lows ttn.t liherty which these men ,voiltd give us," fold
the Resolntionists with much force and justice, •• Wire hero
exemplified_ in the riotous scenes exhibited in) the Metropolis,
.m a lase nee:is...in.-in testifying their . joy at what they chose
to call the Triumph of the 'Queen. Their law is the Wl-
bridled will of a licentious populace ; their Liberty, a-slavish
obedience to that wili."—(Purq

PROVINCIAL. JOUR'S.ALS.

The Leeds lateligc7icee is, one of thC Papers which first in-
duced us to form the plan 'of presenting to our Readers the
sentiments of the PrioviNcia IL doors:sr-A. It has alwaysortain-
tained a loyal spirit, and it is lice mere necessary-in its local.
operation, as it is opposed by-a rival who seems to delight in
the' diffoSion of 'political mischief. -To' the himotw of . the
town, however, The Leed,e Intelllgencer, we understand, is
warade supported by- all the ttspeetfiW,lnhabit;ents there,
and in the country at large. The folloWing is an extract from
the Paper itrapiestion of Monday last
" We are now-entering upon anew year, under •cireum-
stances which call for mote Irian usual firenneSt,-
and activity among lite friends of.eslabliShed Order. The re
strictive measitres will present outward demonstrations- of
rebellion, but they will not extitismish that'evil spirit, which
has been infused into nnmhers of the labutiring classes,.
through the 'medium of seditious- orators, and a seditious and'
blasphemous press. The stamp duty on cheap publications,
may prevent the circulation of fresh Poison, hut that alone,
will- not afford an antidote to what has already been admi-
nistered. Our opponents are active and vigilant ; they are
ever on the watch for making proselytes; end we mast en -
desveur to.prevent their success by' increased energy in the
cause of truth. Every man, cif whateret party, is ill, if he
has any English fet Hop, forget minor difftreuces, and rally
round the Constitution. When -that is safe, then let the
question be dismissed, whethtt. or net any improvements in
the frame of our goer:flint:et etin •be -adopted. !tit do not let
us attempt it, repair our house in the hurricane season, lest,
by loosening the main props, we endanger its security, and
are buried in its ruins."
I-reds Intellig-encer, January 3, 1820.
Such was the exhortation winch we felt it•tothe-our duty to
make to the trite patrlutsuf Albion, at the commencement of
IS2O ; and, it is not less necessary nosy, that we are again
enteiing upon a new year," to call upon them, to " for-
get minor differences, and rally round the Constitution."—
That " evil spirit.," the existence of which we then:defilers
ed, is still actively at work ; that " seditious and blasphe-
mous press" is still inttustrinasly emptoy-ed in dis'seniinating
its poison around ;' anti on the." firmness, nfranntaity and ac-
tivity" of " the friends of established. drder," the-salvation
of our beloved country depends.
Whoever reflecti upon the events which e occurred in
the last year,' must be convinced, that nothing- but ' such.
"firmness, unanimity, and activity" can preserve Old Eng-
land (rent partaking of those civil corrinititions; which hare
unhappily been so pteralent in other .vitintr'esi but which a
merciful i,rovidenee, has hitherto averted from this favoured
land. That " desperate faction," which, is 180, " set at
defiance the. laws; defamed the eovernmenti' and aspersed,
by slander and ealuMny, every virthousamt good man in the
kingdom," is not yet subdued. Its conduct. in 1820, has heen
stilt more opposed to every law, divine and human, than even
in the year preceding. Plots of Treason aud Assassination,
with actual anti 'open Rebellion, have' marked its career
and good men have wept- ever the follies and the crimes
which have been committed in our country. under the name
of libertyl
Linder the invigorating influence of its excellent constitu-
tion, England is now rapidly emerging from that state °item-
porary depression, to which causes, that have been already
sudiinently elucidated, had reduced it. Trade is • reviving.;
employment, although not at high wages, is much more shun.
dart ; and the low price of every necessary of life, renders the
labourer very nearly equal in point of situation, to wlnit
was, when high prices and high wages were the order of the-
day. The revenue is, also, in a state of progressive improve-
ment; and,if our factious and discontented politicians would but
desist from 1 heir unnathral employment ; if the seditious press,
would " rest from its labours,' and " he at. peace ;" wernight
calculate upon a long and brilliant career of National pros-
perity. Unfortunately such is not the case. Time has neither
softened the malignity, nor altated the perseverance, of the
Radical faction; it still persists in its attacks upon " the Al-
tar and the Throne," and, aided be the base and degenerate
Whigs, it still hopes to triumph over the men who' have pre-
served their country from ruin; and rescued Enrope front
the domination of the greatest tyrant that ever disgraced a
throne.

It is, however, gratifying to reflect, that the old year will
and the new one be ushered. in, with demonstrations
of true old English feeling, in the di•claratious of loyalty and
attachment to the King and the Constitution, which are daily
issuing from bodies of me•n the most easinent for worth, sir-
tae, and property, in their respective districts.• The violence
of the Radical and Wing Factions ; their infamous attackS on
the Sovereign ; their contempt of truth, and disregard of
even common decency, during the late inrestigation, .have
aroused the spirit of loyalty, which they. foolishly imagined,
if not extinct, would be overawed by their numbers, and de-
ferred front any open expression of disapprobation. We re--
joier, that they have beets mistaken ; we rejoice, that co many
gallant Englishmen have proved themselves no unworthy
partakers of the blessings of our excellent Constitution ; and
we anticipate, from their noble conduct, the best results to
the interests and welfare of our country. It would indeed
have heels a shame, if the land, which, single handed, eon-
tended with " a world in arms;" whose
.spirit aurtuated time
brave inhabitants of the Continent, when they threw off the
yoke, which the " child and chamvion of JacobiniFfn," (the
darling of our Radical Whigs, and Whig Radicals,) bad im-
posed upon them; anti whose brave troops rescued Spain and.
Portugal from slavery—it would indeed have-been a shame,
had this land succumbed to a faction; composed of the very
lowest of her population, headed by a few desperate indivi-
dUals, Of doubtful character, and whose principles ate sti!l'
more donhtful; even though they are sanctioned be the " ap-
proving smiles" of the aristocratic wings --That.shatne is not •
ours. The genniime feeling of the British people, is evinced
to be ea the side of time constitution; and we hope that
the diseothfiture of the radical designs in 1821,' will be as
complete as it has beets heretofore.
This " consummation so devoutly Le be wished," we must
however again repeat, can only be obtained, by the ".fittn,

-
ne?3, 'tit! tittfln unity,. and lite act i vit y," of the di3Posed
of the community. Havin,g signed ‘these declimtiona of
loyalty, they must not conclude that they hare done their
duty ; they must, by their' influence and example, endeavOur
to counteract the effects of those excitements to discontent,
which arc so assidinrusly placed ut the way Of the poor and
igl otant. They must endeavour to elir'di the prevailing li-
centiousness and infidelity of the times; they must inculcate
a reverence for religion, and a due regard to subordination,
in the minds of their depCndents and immediate connexions,
and they must lost no opportunity of dillaying, itoitt true
light, the conduct of our modern reformers; and of exposing
their falsehoods, misrenrrsentations, ;thd inconsistencies. By
such conduct the. " plague.
may be stayed ;" and., at the close
of 1821, we hope to congratulate our countrymen, upon being
a loyal, united, happy, and contented .:ieople.

CORONERS' INQUESTS.

MELANCHOLY ACC DENT FROM FEAR OF FIRE.

Yesterday evening an Inquisition was taken at
the Golden Lion public-house, Bedford-row;
G,ray's - Inn, before 'l'. STIRLING, Esq.. on • the
body of Miss Ann fleece, a young lady of family
and accomplishments.
!lames Eldred stated, that he was waiter at the Wheat
Sheaf Chop-hone, in Hand-coil:ft, Holtiorno and between
twelve and one o'clock laitstiunday night or Plonday morn-
ing, was lettiug a customer out of the coffee-room, then he
heard a rattle springin,f,,accompanW by shrieks and cries of
fire ; he proceeded in - consequence to No. 13, Bedford-
row, where 'he fo.und tho door open;'
,and erery
in griat, confosion; the only synipt onis of fire srenied
,to lie up stairs, and witness accordingly tau - up, with a
view of giving any agsistanee that might be in his power.
At the hack room, on lh'e second door, lae rodent a inuoher of
wmehmen, who wets actisely enga,:ed in trying to for,:- the
chamber door open,. in -which they succeeded :after great
difficulty., A gentle,enan about. -ibis time came 'up stairs,
'arid seemed veiy anxious about a young lady, who he sale{
slept in the room; hegn:t-d that they would onleavfmr
ter rescue .her from the Caine's, whatever becamt tit .tkny
thing, else, as being in • 111 .health, she was totally unable
to asst bersclf. Witness rushed through the flames 'into

the room; 'ear* the watchnart to procure water; ha! I e.
Was no one in bed • ',tar in the room : he 'timed to the
%kindle*, and finding tlratopen, had on doubt but the pyr-
son, vOro had hell io tht• roan had jnlnpfd eta. tinder ti,;l,
impression he an down stairs;-and called the .%;114.:1+-
ttn:u- •to .follOw him; he fit tit -proceeded. to ILA. fiack'at,:,.
tout there found .the deee:yied lying on the stun;:,
on.y. in her n.vght blotbes; she appeared dead, and puts tt !MI
had erased. Within a yard of her laid the servant girl.
was not undressed) dreadfully cut and bruised, OW not dead.
The dee,ased was•then!entiveYed up stairs, put in hint, and
left in the care of the people ,of the house.
Qirestion—Was C.:•:•e. nu Doctor sent for the ,Wbolc of this
time

Witness—Mr. Abernethy arrived, and adniinisteied evert
assistance in his power.
Thomas Strudwell, a. watchman in the King's-road, was
alarmed by cries of " r° from No. 13; Bedford-ruw;
instantly went Orre, and assisted in breaking open the.bed-
r,iotn-door, and extinguishing the fire, At the suggestion
of some one, he, went dozen stairs, ann.found tite dect-7,4ed and
the servant-braid in the area, MOST. shottingly di'sfigured; Out
former appeared quite dead..
Priot, another watchman, con firmed the foiegoing evi-
dence; but added nothing Material. .

Mr. Uuwin, a sureeon, priced that he had eaarnined the
&ceased, who had received seerral fiJctures. The various
iojuries were so extens.iye, that they must have caused imme-
diate deal Accidemal Death."
