ANOTHER AFTICLE, SANE DATE.

The people of Nantes are in expe&ation of speedily
seeing his Majesty in that place. At Brest, Roche-
fort, and St. Maio, raze greatest preparations are mak-
ing to give him ine most magnificent, reception,
whenever he shall pass that way.
General Menou, whom Imperial Majesty .has
appointed Gowrnor-General in Tuscany, arrived in
Florence on the loth inst. He alighted at the Palace
of Pitti, where he will continue. ro reside.
An article from Frankfort of the e3d• inst. says—
f' Within the last twenty-four hours three French
couriers have passed through this city ; one going
from Paris to Dresden, another from Cassel to Paris,
and the third from the army to Paris.
The Queen of Spain arrived at Stupinis near Turin,
on the 14th ; she was to continue her journey the
following day for Spain.
I:LuniiNct, JULY '24.—,We learn 'that this town
tmst forthwith provide 140 men to join the guards
of the coast. They will be taken from between the
tages.of 25 and 45.

The number of young men that we are to be rated
at for the standing army is not yet publicly known,

11.1A1LS.
Amity!, 13-1 Ciuttenburgh, t Eieligntiand, t Dubiin, t Wa-
tcrfuid. Du L---1 Gottenbury,h, z Dublin, i Waterford,

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS liA Y AT TWPILVE O'CLOCK.
Consols - - - 67 # I Qinninin

THE SUN.

sOLIM QUIS DICIELL YALSUM AUDE4T ?

LO. D 0 N,

ItIO*DAY, AUGUST 8, 1808.

GLORIOUS NEWS FROM SPAIN.-SUR-

RENDER OF GENERAL DUPONT, &c.

IT is with the most sincere pleasure we inform

our Readers that Lieutenant ALT, of the Black Jake

Lugger, arrived this morning at the Admiralty, with

an official account of the Surrender.of General Du-

roNT, with the whole of his army, magazines, am-

munition, &c. It appears from the official account

transmitted by Gen. CASTANOS, that- he attacked

Gen.DuPoNT on the coth ult. The Spanish General

~hav;ng received intelligence that a corps of 8000 men

was on its march to join Gen. DUPONT, resolved to

attack hirr. before the jun6lion took place, and the

action commenced, as we have already stated, on

the 20th ult.

It was most obstinateiy contested

fur some time, but at length the Patriots pre-

trailed, and buroNT was completely defeated with

very great loss. General CAST ANOS was preparing

io attack hitn next mor&no., when General Du-

PONT, hi order to save his whole army from destrpc-

proposed to swrender. A ;legotigion imme-

diately took place, and the whole of the. French
army, including eight thousand men that were
on their march to join him, surrendeird pri-
soners of war, with all their artillery, rnaga-

zines, &c. &c. So that to use the words of.

General CASTANOS, in his official account of this

glorious vi&ory, " there is not now a single French-

man in arms in the whole of Andalusia."

General DUPONT'S Army, at the commencement

of the aetion, amounted to 12,000 men.

'We congratulate our Readers on this most glo-
rious and decisive victory, the advantages of which

are almost incalculable. It will add, if possible, to the

enthusiasm with which ale Spani3ll Patriots are ac-

tuated, and inspire them with a just confidence
in their own power. Its effeas in dispiriting the
French must ID3 in the same proportion, for from
the commencement of the Revolution they have

never sustained so compete a defeat. But this is not

all; the armies of Andahisi a edValenciaare noweom,

pletely at liberty—they may advance without aanger
towards Madrid ; for by the vi6tories which they have

obtained over DUPONT and MoNc EY, the French force

in Valencia and Andalusia is completely annihilated.

Lieutenant ALT, who brought the Dispatches,

left Corunna on the .7cl instant.

We have also the satisfa&ion of informing our
Readers, that Sir ARTHUR WELLESLEY has effeEted

a landing in Portugal, and, according to the last ac.

counts, he was within two days :parch of Lisbon,

with 14,000 men.

Dutch Papers to the Ist instant reached town
-yesterday, which contain intelligence from Paris of
the 27th ult. BUONAPARTE quitted Bayonne on the
21st, and went in the first instance to Pau, but with
regard to the remainder of hiS journey it is involved
in studied obscurity. According to one account, he
is going to make a tour through the Southern De-
partments of France : another states that Leis going
to Brest. -It is probable, -however, that be will
visit Paris in the first instance, and then proceed
to Strasburgh. Flom the movements of the French.
Troops,-as detailed in these Papers, it seems plain
that BUONAPARTE either intends immediately to
attack Austria; or that he wishes to overawe her by
assembling such large bodies of Troops or be! t...en-
tiers. Indeed if we may credit tie infelli&r:nee
brought by a Gentleman who arrived in Town yes-
terday from Holland, France and Austria may be
considered as tie Wally at War ; for he states; that
the Austrian Ministers in France and Holland have
demanded their Passports, and that General AN-
DREOSSY has quitted Vienna. We have not at pre-
sent the means of ascertaining whether . this intelli-
gence be true to its full extent or not, but• certainly
all the accounts which have reached us from the
Continent for some time past have indicated an ap-
proaching rupture between Austria and France.
We have again to notice, with satisfaotion, the
extraordinary silence preserved by the French and
Dutch Papers respe&ing the. affairs of Spain. The
accounts from Bayonne came down, as •we have •
already stated, to the 22d ult. and we may there-
fore safely inter that at that time no intelligence
favourable to the French had reached that place,
Or it • would have been pompously announced
to the Public. King JOSEPH, it appears, was at
Burgos on the 17th, and was to set out the next
day for Madrid. A minute, but very uninteresting
detail is given in. these Papers of Deputations, Szc.•
that waited upon him, of the a6ls of clemency which
he performed, and of the gracious condescension
Which marked the whole of his condu&.

If a rupture should aftually take place bet Keen
Austria and BUONAPARTE, *e have the satisfa(Stion
of Isnowing, from the best authority, - that the
former is so well prepared for the hostility of this
great Disturber of the Earth that we are in no appre-
hensions of the issue. The Austrian army never
was in a better condition than it is at the present
moment. All those officers who were suspeaed to
be in the interest of France have been dismisSed;
and some of them have been punished. The
Troops in general have the best disposition, and
burn for an opportunity of retrieving that charac-
ter which they lost under the treachery or stupidity
of MACK. They now perfeelly understand the cha-
raaer of BUONAPARTE, they view him with
horror, since his conduB to the Papal Father, and
they are animated by a determined spirit of loyalty
and patriotism, as well as inspired by a religious
zeal against the enemy of all faith.

This morning a Mail from Gotteribtargh arrived,
the intelligence which it brings is not important
bu t we have seen a private letter which states, that a
very severeakion hao taken place between tbeFrerg;ll

rind a Pru9.F_,:an Cops neat Pillan, in which the fo--

mer qaffered severely. Tile Letter to which we al-
lude merely mentions the faa, without giving any
details.

IF all sense of national charader were not lost
among Frenchmen, since they experienced the hor-
rors of the Revolution, and have been kept in the
most abjed state of terror by their present Oppressor,
how would they feel in seeing their countrymen
dragged away for the purpose of assisting their Ty-
rant in throwing his -chains upon an unoffending
people. It is among the most extraordinary events
of human life, that a people who a few years ago
committed the most frantic and horrible excesses
in pursuit of visionary freedom, should -mow be
employed in the infamous attempt to,' extend
that slavery to others which they so lamentably
'endure themselves. What must they think of
their Present situation; in being under the do-
minion of a man, if 'he may be so. called,
w ho acknowledges no law but his own will, and who
would punish them for daring to have any thought
adverse to his views, if he could penetrate into the
mind and dete& them. But what will future times
think of the people of all the other Continental
States, who can calmly see this Tyrant proceed in
his flagitious career, and attempt to reduce Spain to
bondage, conscious as they must be, that if he
succeeds in that iniquitous measure, Iris power will
have no bounds, and that they may exped everyi
thing from his oppression and rapacity. A resoltiie.
struggle now in different parts of Europe,. formidable
as the Usurper is, would divide that power so muchi
as to paralyze his efforts, and effed .the general
deliverance of Europe. France is at present in such
a wretched state of misery and terror, notwithstand-
ing that she has the spoil of so many States to gratify
her taste, and flatter her national vanity, that she
would doubtless be the first to 'throw off the yoke
of her low-born Tyrant, if she saw any prosped of a
similar spirit in the other vassal States. - Let us hcipe
that the example of Portugal and Spain will excite
their emulation. Surely, after the treatment which
the POPE has suffered, the. Catholics of every Coun-
try will view his oppressor 'with horror, and their
vengeance will be roused against a Tyrant, wlio„.,
in his attack upon the latter Country, has shewn
a degree of treachery and turpitude extraordi-
nary even in him, whose whole life has been
chiefly marked by those featurei, and who has:,
not one quality to recommend him to the esteem of
mankind. But indeed we may infer from the Ty-
rant's retreat from Bayonne, that he is not without
of having provoked the ,feelinigs of all Vs'etrope to
the extreme of indignation, and that a spirit may
prevail which will 110 longer leave its fate in the
hands of one individual, and that individual of so
odious and execrable a chamder.

Yesterday morning I-Irs MAJESTY and the Prin-
cesses SoptitA, AUGUSTA, and AMELIA, accompa.
nied by Lady THYNNE, Generals CARTWRIGHTancI
FITZROY, rode to St. George's Chapel, and beard'4.
sermon.
His MAJESTY.and the Royal Party, after 4e4ring
an excellent discourse, returned to the Palace;

This is the first sermon Mr. Mr ER has preached
before the. KING since his being presented as one of
the Canons of Windsor.
Transports to the amount of 2000 tons are to as-
semble. in the Downs, and proceed to Cork without
delay, where another embarkation of troops is to take
place.
Government, we. understand, intend to allow a
number of Half-pay Officers to volunteer their ser-
vices in Spain and Portugal, to assist in the organiza-
tion of the patriotic masses.

A letter from Amsterdam, dated the 28th, states
• the arrival of a British Minister 14 Vienna, supposed
to be Mr ADAIR ; that he had a flattering reception
from the Austrian MiniSter, Count STADION, and
had had several interviews with him and the Rus-
sian Ambassador Prince ..KURAKIN.

Mr. TONKIN, by permission of. the Admiralty,
will make an attempt, in a few days, to raise the
Royal George, at Spithead.
An insurrection lately broke out in the heart of
European Turkey, which for some time threatened
the most serious consequences. • Tallier Pacha, the
late Kiatnacan, who had been exiled to Demoteca
in Romania, six leagues from 'Adrianople, found
means to collet a great number of partisans, includ-
ing deserters from the Vizier's army, and openly
declared himself against the Porte—he advanced to
Burgo, and great numbers of disaffeacd persons
flocked to his standard. There, however, be. re-
ceived a Messenger from the Grand Seignior, iwith
a pardon, and an offer of the Government of Varna,
in Bulgaria, on the Black Sea; in consideration of
which he lowered the flag of revolt, and'clistn' iSsed
his troops.
A circumstance lately occurred at St. Petersburgh,
which occasioned much offence to the French 'Arn-
bassador. A Work was published at the booksafera'
of the Imperial Academy of Sciences entitled Ob-
servations sur l'armee Francaise de derniers terns, a
a partir de 1792, jusqu'en 1808, which, contained
some refleEtions on the French army and its Em-
peror. The Ambassador applied to Count ROMAN-
ZOW for the suppression of this work, and the pu-
nishment of its author ; but the Emperor ALEX-
ANDER peremptorily refused to do either: The Am-
bassador threatened to leave St. Peterburgh, but af-
terwards thought proper to tnoderate hiS resentment.
In addition to the arrangements made by the Danish
Government to preserve the communication between
Zealand and the Continent, a corps of Greenland
Cajaks has been raised, to serve as expresses on the
Belts. The bogs are made of seal-skins, and are
moved with uncommon rapidity,

NAVAL NEWS,

From the LONDON GilZ r TIF, Av. 6.

Admiralty-Office, Aug. 6, 1 808.
Cop:'y-or a Letter from k ice-Admiral Vishon, Com-
mander in Chief of His Majesty's Sliips and Ves-
sels at Leith, to the Hun. W. W. Pole, dated Aug•
2, 1808.
sin,l

I am to beg you will be pleased to lay, before the
Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty the inclosed
Letter which I have received from Captain Dix; 01
his Majesty's-Sloop Cygnet, giving an-account•ct tt.e
capture of the Danish PriVateet Brig Christiand.
mountingfourteeniguns, with a,complement of siFl
men : out three days from Christiana.
The- Privateer has just anchored in Leith Roads
I am, &c.

J. VASHON
Ills Majesty's Sloop Cygnet, at :.ka)
; • -Slit, July 27, 1808.
bcg leave to inform you, that, after a 'Chace of
nine hours, I had the good fortune to come up with
and capture the Danish Brig privateer Christiana.
mounting fourteim guns, twelve 1 -pounder car-
renades, and two long nines; • manned • with sixty
men ; out three days from- Christiana 'without hav-
ing made any captures. She is vi&ualled and stored
for one ttiOnth, and was proceeding off the NorttA
End•of-Shetland, for the purpose of intercepting our
homeward-hound Greenla,ichnen.
The Christiana was formerly an English Mei
chant Brig.
I have the Honour to be, &c.
EDWARD DIX.
J. Fils!zon, Esq. Vice-Admiral of the Bias, &c.

PLYMOUTH, AUG. 6.—Arrived the Cheerly Gun•
brig, Lieut. FOULLERTON, from a cruize; and the
Indefatigable Frigate, Capt. RODD, from the Coast
of France.

The Leviathan, of 74 guns, is completely re-
fitted, and will go out of Hamoaze to-day.
Arrived this morning a French Letter of ?Margie,
of 22 guns, laden with sundry merchandize, from
Bourdeaux bound to the Isle of France, captured. bf
the Indefatigable Frigate, Capt. RODD.

SHEERNESS, Aug. s.—Arrived the Eliza Tender
from Shields with impressed men and volunteers for
the Fleet.

AUG, 6.—Came down the River the Deptford
:4%1F with men for the Fleet.
The Drake Sloop, lately returned from the West
Indies, has been broke up at this place.

Sailed His Majesty's Ship Bloodhound for Deal.

PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 7.—Arrived the Scylla sloop
'Of War and Fearless Gun-brig, viith a convoy, from
the Downs ; also the Firm Gun-brig from Guernsey•
Sailed the Hardy Gun-brig, with a convoy, 1O
the Dawns.

kiiila.sty's Ship Curs,ilfice is appointed CQZY97
for Spain and Portugal.

DEAL, AUG. 7.—Arrived his Majesty's Brig Spar'
row, from Jamaica, having under convoy the- ?Tut'
ty, CROSBY ; Ellen, Rosso:; Jonah, CUMMINGS
Duke of Kent, Canada, Penus, and the
Cambridge, which have sailed for the River.
Arrived his Majesty's Ship Illustricus from Ports-
mouth, and remains with the Sparrow, and the rest
of,tbe Ships, at, per last.

LEITH, AUG. 4.—On Monday last sailed from
Leith Roads, the Ringdove and Spitfire Sloops, 011
a cruize; also the Proteaor Gun-brig, with the
Transports with the 4th Battalion of Royals, late!,
embarked at Aberlady Bay, for Harwich.
Sailed, on Tuesday, the Clio Sloop of War on 4
cruize.

Same day was landed from his Majesty's Ship
Ardent, the crew of a Danish Schooner Privateer,
captured on the coast of Sweden (and sent son
time since into a Swedish port), and marched under
a military escort to Greenlaw prison.
Also, arrived on Tuesday, a Danish Privateer !:c
Brig, of 14 guns and Go men, captured by his Ma'
jesty's Sloop Cygnet, off Shetland. The Cygn€l,
with the prisoners on board, is not arrived.

Thursday afternoon La Loire, Capt.SCHOMBEROI
and the Success, Capt. AYscouGH, arrived at Ports'
mouth from the Greenland Seas, where they have been
cruizing for the protection of the Whale Fishcry-""
off the White Sea, along the Coast of Norway, e.‘c.
They were off Spitzbergen, on the 3d of Jut3e)
when that place was covered with snow.—Tnei
were surrounded by a number of islands eilf ice at
that time.—They went as far to the Northward at
between 77 deg. and 78 deg. (which is only iv de'
trees from the North Pole, and to. 45: E. 10ng....".
They left the seas with the trade for the season.
The Parton, Fora), is arrived at Liverpool from
Barbadoes, which place she left on the lath June;
and on the 18th July, in lat. 41. 26. long. 43. was
chased by a French privateer, of 32 guns. Tbe
Belleisle, with a fleet under convoy from Ports'
mouth, bad arrived at Barbadoes.
RIFLE Coars.—At an early boUr on SaturdAY
cr mornin, the Duke of Cumberland's Sharp-shooteri
mustered' in the King's Mews, and marched frog
thence to Montpelier Gardens, where they we)
through a variety of manoeuvres under the diretti°P
of Major BARBER. A trial of skill then, took plaGll
among the best marksmen for a monthly gold mecl3,`.
After a number of shots had been put in the )3011 1
eye, the prize was won by Corporal PowrEous, wbc,
obtained the silver cup some time since. Tile IVIOP
finally presented the medal to the victor with apPr°‘
priate compliments on his skill and success. Abe
priZe for the best swordsman was to have been c°l/,'
tended, but the rain compelled the Gt.sps to trart:'
off the ground about twelve o'clock.

SECOND EDITIO'S.

SUN-OFFICE,

, -
THREE O'CLOCk, p.

,
WE have been fivnuted with the following, OEN-

D;s7htches from Generals CASTANKOS and T14.1-Y

to the Sqiireine Junta of Seville, announcing the

glorious N,ithory over General rupoNT.

" MOST SERENE LORD,

" I have the satilfadion to inform your Highness

of the complete Vitiory which has been gained since

the Battle of Baylen. Gen. DUPONT is a Prisoner of

War, with all his division, arms, artillery, baggage,

.&c. The remainder who were not engaged in the

anion, although they did net 'share this fate,

are included in the capitulation, and obliged to

return to France by sea, that not a Frenchman

may remain in Andalusia. My Nephew, Colo-

nel Don PEDRO &GUSTIN GIROti, will communi-

rate the details of the affair; in the mean time

assure your Highness that the gallantry of the

Officers and Soldiers, and their constancy wider
toils and privations are worthy of the just estima-
tion in which the army deserves•to be held 'by your

Highness, and of the Confidence I entertained'of

their patrioiisal and zeal for the public cause.

" I venture to request of your Excellency the full-

filment, in my name, of the vow made by me to de-

dicate this aaion to the glorious San Fernando.

F i
