IRISH REFORM BILL.

A numerous meeting of the working classes was
held on Saturday at the institution, Theobald's-road,
Red-Lion-square, for the purpose of discussing the
provisions of the Irish Reform Bill, upon which it
was announced that Mr. O'Connell would address

the working-classes. The room was quite crowded.
Mr. Scales was called to the chair.

Mr. CARPENTER moved the following resolution

—" That, as the majority of the Irish Members,
backed by the Irish people, have materially contri-
buted to the success of Reform, this meeting feels it
a mere act of justice, that a Reform equally sub-
stantial be extended to Ireland, and pledges itself to
use every exertion for that purpose."
Mr. ROGERS having seconded the resolution,

Mr. O'CONNELL came forward amidst much
cheering, and congratulated the English people on
the success of their bill, which, however calumniated
by some, was, he firmly believed, a wise and magna-
nimous measure, requiring only to be fully carried
into effect, to give them a prudent, enlightened,
economical Government, tender of the lives, li-
berties, and properties of the people. By the dis-
solution of fifty-six boroughs, no less than 112 Swiss
were at once disbanded, to earn a livelihood by their
own exertions, provided their previous habits had
not unfitted them for any honest way of life.—
(Laughter.) That system of boundless profusion
which bribed the country with its own wealth was
at an end. After proceeding at some length to enu-
merate the various advantages of English Reform,
Mr. O'Connell said he would now come to the more
immediate business of the day. The English Bill
formed seven, eight, nine classes of voters. There
were the forty-shilling freeholders in fee; there was
also that description of forty-shilling freeholders for
lives which the House of Lords, in a spiteful ge-
nerosity, had introduced—they were much obliged
to them—(A laugh)—there were the owners of
chattel property, copyholders, renters of 501.—in
short, under the Reform Bill, one Englishman out
of every eight would have a vote ; and let him tell the
meeting, that when one-eighth of the community
possessed the franchise, the other seven-eighths
would possess come influence.—(Hear, hear.) What
did the Irish people want ? A Bill similar to the
English Bill—no more. The same rights and fran-
chises with their English fellow-citizens.—(Cheers.)
He loved his country, and, in early youth, he had
sworn to achieve her freedom; but he never sought
to communicate that at the expense of others, nor
did he ask more for Ireland than England actually
possessed. The meeting, doubtless, remembered
the many prophecies, that if the Irish were eman-
cipated they would return none but slaves to Parlia-
ment,—the liberties of Englishmen, it was said,
would be endangered by their servile representa-
tives. That was not the only calumny circulated
by pious men—godly men of cant and hypocrisy—
to excite the prejudices of one nation against the
other with the intention of ruling both to their cor-
rupt interests. Englishmen understood the thing
now.—(Cries of " Hear," and laughter.) But they
understood only half of it; he would explain the
other half. These men—all whose thoughts were
fixed on eternity—trembled for the 700,000 green
acres and the 2,000,000 of yearly property, which
the church—that is, not the people's church—pos-
sesses.—(Cheers.) They foresaw, that if the Irish
Members were allowed to explain the real state of
things, and speak for themselves, John Bull would
soon begin to perceive the injustice of paying 30,0001.
a year to one man fur nothing., 22,0001. to another,
15,0001. to a third, who resides in Bath or Chelten-
ham, for the good of the poor, blind, bigoted people
of Ireland—(Much laughter)—and a little further,
—if the system was found wrong in Ireland, it
would be soon discovered to be not perfectly right in
England. When a man has occasion for a doctor
or a lawyer, he does riot ask his neighbour to pay
him, and why should a different rule obtain with
the doctor of the soul ?—(Cheers.) Yet the spi-
ritual doctors would not be the worse paid. Ireland
proved that. There the poor pay the priest, and
did they ever hear that he had refused to administer
the consolations of religion to them ? At the dead
hour of night, amidst the inclemencies of the wea-
ther, undeterred by the torrent, the snow, or the
driving sleet, he stood by the death-bed of the poor-
est and humblest, to elevate, direct, and point the
road to Heaven.—(Cheers.) Their enemies, in
fact, resembled pickpockets, who create a row for
the purpose of pursuing their depredations with suc-
cess. This was the real cause of all the calumnies
heaped upon them. There were ten Catholics in
Parliament. Had one of them given a single dis-
honest vote ?—(Cries of " Never.") But to returu
to the treatment of Ireland. Never had an Admi-
nistration conducted itself as the present had to that
country. Lord Anglesey was appointed Lord-
Lieutenant. Now he must tell them there was a
law, empowering the Lord-Lieutenant for the time
being to dissolve any meeting in Ireland, no matter
how legal—(Cries of " Shame")—and this very
act was employed by Lord Anglesey only three
weeks after he had condemned it in a letter to Mr.
Kertland. What was the next act of the Govern-
ment ? The Orange Yeomen were 17,000,—they
raised them to 30,000; and now they were intro-
ducing a Bill to put down processions, including all
with banners.—(Shame, shame.) There were 21
stipendiary Magistrates in Ireland. Among them,
f:atstheThhtioeeerci ws.oNpvaont
ueris
drriipecdemanyconsiderable
O'Connell
preserved,—to
eelshferle eel
rlength,sCatholicspvhEher
aoo dnd%
proceeded
eni ?xs
dgt
ots:
htdNpeai
lesdtsoro7tehl
euoeral
expnens
Ireland
.0i
said,
observation,th After
at pursuing,
there
fora s
a connected system of refusing justice to Ireland,
h
in
theyi
anlltese2rt
wihsne:gr
ael itsr
refused.
s classph r Ro
voei
Re-
form Bill, as a branch of this system, and to request
provi-
sion. In England, he said, the 40s. freeholders in
f
40s. freeholders,—men paying a mere rack rent,
—who were completely under the dominion of their
landlords, but, after that period, they had made the
most splendid sacrifices for their country. Ireland
formerly possessed (including 191,000 40s. free-
holders) a constituency of 216,000 persons; this
was cut down to 25,000—(Shame, shame)-
25,000 out of a population of 8,000,000! Eng-
land possessed one elector out of every eight per-

sons; Ireland, one out of every 320. This, how
ever, would not give a correct notien of the state
th ngs. The great supports of the independence t
counties were the towns, and that by reason of their
superior intelligence, industry, and wealth. The
Bill would cut off this class of electors, and so strike
a deadly blow at the popular strength. In DUE.
garvon, for instance, the constituency was at pie sent
840—under the Reform Bill it would be reduced
to 210 persons, all of whom were on the estate of
the Duke of Devonshire. The population of
Youghal, if all the liberties were included, was
large, but the liberties were cut off by the Bill, and
nothing outside the o!d wall erected by Sir W
Raleigh was to be considered part of the town. The
attachment of Whigs to old walls would be most
extraordinary, if the property of the Duke of Devon-
shire were not contained within it.—(Hear, hear,
hear.) Bandon had a constituency of twelve per-
sorts—six nominated by the Duke of Devon-
shire, and six by Lord Bandon. It was contrived
by the Bill to throw the whole new constituency into
the property of the Duke : thus, they had the Duke of
Devonshire once, the Duke of Devonshire twice,
and the Duke of Devonshire three times ; and this
the Whigs had the audacity to call the Reform Bill.
—(Loud cheers.) He would appeal from the Mi-
nistry to the people; he would also appeal to the
press, which on this question had done justice to the
cause of Ireland, though few would go as far as his
friend, Mr. Cobbett. The English people were et 3
sentially concerned in seeing justice done to Ireland,
for what could avail 500 honest Members here, if
that country were one rotten borough, to neutralize
the votes of English patriots ? Such was the ini-
quity of the Bill, that he could scarcely believe
self awake when he contemplated its provisions. In
the counties no man was to have a vote, except the
owner of a farm worth 101. over and above rent and
all charges, and he could not vote until he proved it
to be worth that to him—no, but until he found e
respectable and solvent tenant to come forward and
swear he would give 101. above the rent he ‘ese
then paying.—(lllnrmurs.) Well, let them suppose
that he can get a man to leave his business and
swear for him, he cannot be registered without 20
days' notice given. In his (Mr. O'Coneeles)
county, he might have to travel 20 or 30 miles to
Trelee, or Killarney, to serve that notice—let than
look at this loss of time and labour.—(Loud mur-
murs.) But the sessions at which he was to be re-
gistered, last perhaps eight days. No matter, he
must remain from the first day to the last, or an ac-
cidental absence of one day may send him home
again to run the same round of proof, registry, &c.
Was this all ? No, he must prove his title, pro-
duce his lease, show it to be duly stamped, that no
covenants have been broker,; and thus the landlord
is enabled to detect any flaws in his titleeses( Cries
of " This is too bad.") If he was 40 yeas in pose
session a wrong stamp throws him out of his farm;
Do the Whigs fear that the spectacle of Irish liberty
would create in England a disrelish to slavery ? Dd
they fear that the example of resistance to Church
robbery would spread ? The Bishop says to Paddy,
" Paddy, you owe me 1/. 17s. 6d." " Far what,
your honour ?" " For tithes." " Oh, your honour
gave me some value I suppose when I was'itt by.—
( A laugh.) But troth the devil a bit of value I got
since I was born." " Paddy, I have law fur it."
" Heaven bless your honour, if you have I must
submit, but I've no money." " You have a cow."
" Oych is't the cow that gives a drop of milk to
Norry and the 14 children ?"—(Loud laughter.)
But it is not so easy to take the cow. A regiment
and a half of brave soldiers, commanded by an mi.
able and excellent gentleman, has to travel sever.
eight, or ten miles for her through the Bog of Alleti.
At last she is caught, but the word " tithes" is
branded on her side. She is brought to Carlow,
and offered for 21.,11., 10s., 6d., 3d., but no one will
speak, and she is given up again to Norry and the
fourteen children.—(Cheering.) But what does the
parson do ? He levies 60,00001. on the purse of
England to supply the deficiency. He turns John,
Bull into a milch cow for the Church.—(Great:
laughter.) Would Englishmen see the Irish people
surrendered to an oligarchy,—the same sordid oli-
garchy that plundered them and their fathers,—that
accumulated a debt of 1,000,000,000/., and made
the poor laws a system of misery, at an expense of
7,000,000/. or 8,000,0001. a year; that loaded a
country, equalled, or exceeded by none in in.ellect,
in bravery, in science, in the resources of machinery,
in industry, in regulated economy, until she was
scarcely able to reel beneath her burdens ? Would
Ireland appeal in vain to their gratitude or gene-
rosity ? Irishmen besought the cooperation of
Englishmen in the recovery of their rights, and the
securities of their freedom; they del not ask them
without their aid, but they were worthy of those
blessings, for if refused assistance by their English
fellow-countrymen, they were determined to regain
them without it.—(Loud cheering.)
Mr. Cobbett was here called, but declined ad-
dressing the meeting.
A vote of thanks was then passed to Mr. O'Con-
nell for his services in the cause of general liberty,
after which the meeting broke up.

A requisition is, we hear, in course of signa-
ture to Mr. BERKELEY PORTMAN, inviting him to become
a candidate for the representation of Marylebone in the
new Parliament. A more respectable man could not be
found, nor a more steady or consistent Reformer. We
hear that he is not likely to kind again for Doisetsbire ;
and his connexion with Marylebone would point him out
as a most suitable representative of that great, wealthy,
and enlightened district of the metropolis. Mr. W. PON-
SONEY and Sir WILLIAM OGLANDER will probably be the
new members for Dorsetshire.

Extract of a letter dated Rio de Janeiro, April
19 :—.g You will be surprised, after what we wrote on
the 13th and 16th, to learn that the quiet at this place
has been again disturbed. The parties who were the cause
of it are of a different stamp. The ostensible object of
the insurrection appears to have been to re-proclaim the old
Emperor. Several lives have been lost, and many prison-
ers taken ; but what is chiefly to be regretted, is the rank
that some of the parties hold. Among others, the well-
known BONITACIO D'ANDRADE, tutor to the young Em-
peror, appears to be impeached."

MAD DOGS.—In consequence of an applica-
tion made by Mr. LUKE, one of the principal surgeons of
the London Hospital, to the Magistrates of Lambeth-
street office, stating that within the last few days no less
than ten persons, who have been severely bitten by dogs,
have made application for relief to that institution, and
two of whom have died of hydrophobia, they (the
Magistrates), yesterday, gave directions to the Chief Clerk
to draw up a public notice, to he printed and circulated
through the district, cautioning all persons against allow-
ing dogs to go about unmuzzled, and stating that all thosefound in the public streets or highways after this notice,
without being so muzzled or restrained, would he shot or
destroyed by the police.

HISTORY OF A SKULL.---The Berwick
paper says :—We have now lying before us a human skull,
which local tradition affirms to be the skull of one of the
sons of Sir ALEXANDER SEATON, deputy-governor of
Berwick, who were hanged by EDWARD the Third on the
south bank of the river, still called Hanging.dyke-neuk,
which fronts the castle. We have never seen any good
reason for denying the commission of this piece of atro-
cious perfidy. Be this as it may, the ingenuity of all the
historians in the world will not convince the inhabitants
of this part of the country that it is not a fact ; and the
history of the skull is curious. The late JOYCE JA MES,
an aged brickmaker, who died several years ago, at the
advanced age of nearly a hundred, remembered a cairn on
Hanging-dyke-neuk, which was taken down more than a
century ago, that was known as SEATON'S cairn, and when
displaced, underneath were found two skulls. Afterwards
and remained in his possession nearly fifty years. They
they were purchased by the late Admiral Srow's father,
were then deposited in the old Tweechnouth worlhouse.i.
and each skull had two holes perforated through it, as it
years and ten, described the skulls
with a gimlet or some such instrument. For niany years
there has been no trace of them, till yesterday one of them
youth, with
produced before him lie
bad been built into the wall. An ageu fisherman, who has
and in the repairs of 1 it
was found in a garret of the. said workhouse, na.ohurcsi: is
iacnit inwtbhepeal
e,eatd:ww:
tell; ie °-n
ut
dwelling-house,
ei
at
s being the two small holes
readily recognised it as one of the two he bad seen more
than seventy years ago.—The skull is at least a curiosity.

EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

(From the Times Private Correspondent.)
PARIS, SATURDAY, FOUR O'CLOCK P.M.

Tranquillity remains undisturbed in this capital,
and there is at present no reason to apprehend that
it may be again speedily interrupted. It roust not
be inferred from this, however, that public opinion
is so entirely in favour of the course adopted and
pursued by Government, as to become the guarantee
of future tranquillity. The hulk of the community
are really sick of political contentions, and wish not
to afford any encouragement for their continuance,
by censuring too openly the measures of the Govern-
ment. Nevertheless, the discontent which those
measures have given rise to, is quite sufficiently ap-
parent among all classes of people, arid Ministers
themselves have begun to be aware of its existence.
This " state of siege" paralyses all kinds of in-
dustry, depresses trade, contracts in a great degree
the circulation of money, and affects the Bourse in
a manner for more detrimental to investment and
speculation than the late revolutionary movement
had done.

People have been anxiously looking into the
-llanitetzr every morning, in the hope of finding an
ordinance declaring the seige to be raised, and their
disappointment has hitherto been extreme. Tile
fact is, that Ministers, seeing how far they have in-
jured the interests of the capital, and committed
themselves by their precipitation, would be glad
enough to recall the mischievous ordinance, if they
thought they could do so before the military trials
are gone through, without appearing to retrace their
teps from the consciousness of having gone too far.
We may, therefore, be pretty sure that the blessings
of martial law will continue among us until the ex-
traordinary Courts, which have been opened in con-
sequence of it, are closed.
Meanwhile, Ministers have been making the most
of their absolute authority, in the way of wrests,
domiciliary visits, and various inquisitorial proceed-
ings, in the hope of arriving at some discovery which
might enable them to show that the late riots had
been in fact the consequence of a concerted plan be
tween Carlists and Republicans, and had called for
that full exercise of the powers which the Govern-
ment has displayed. It is, however, understood,
that hitherto the police agents have not been suc-
cessful in making out any organized conspiracy ; nor
am I now assured, have they even met with any
papers or documents tending to compromise any of
the persons who have for some time been suspected
of a correspondence with the insurgents of the west.
As to the alleged late understanding between the
Carlists and Republicans, the idea is Trite prepos-
terous, and could only have been conceived by those
who thought it useful to give to the origin of the
riots a much greater importance than it deserved,
and to excite public detestation against the Repub-
-I:cans, by making them appear as the tools
of a party which is really and sincerely hated.
They did succeed at first in making the Na-
tional Guards, and others, believe that the Car-
lists were the prime movers of the riots, and therfore
it was that they hastened in such vast numbers,both
from the districts of the capital, and the towns and
villages of its vicinity, fur the purpose of putting
down the detested faction ; but it is by this time
universally acknow !edged, that the insurrectionary
movement on the evening of the s:h was quite un-
premeditated, and arose entirely from the state of
excitement into which a discontented populace had
been wrought by the occurrences of the day. There
is still a great number of respectable persons, eye-
witnesses of the affray at the Place de la Bastille,
rvho most positively affirm that it was commenced
by an unprovoked, or at least uncalled for, charge of
the squadron of cavalry stationed there; and it is
hardly to be supposed that an attack would have
first been made on the military by a set of people
who had not previously concerted the measures by
which it was to be followed, as now proves not to
have been the case. But as no regular inquiry into
the origin of the affray has been instituted, or indeed
for a moment thought of by Ministers, no positive
information can be obtained from the great number
of statements still in circulation, many of which con-
tinue to be at variance with each other.

The prisons are quite filled with the number of
persons arrested as actually concerned in the late
riots, or suspected of Carlism, republicanism, or any
thing else that it may please the police agents to
think of. They are all kept an secret. Those who
are selected for trial are allowed to consult their le-
gal advisers twenty-four hours previously to their
appearing before their military judges. A great
number of barristers propose making an offer of their
gratuitous services to the prisoners, and in every in-
stance they intend advising their clients to declare
that they do not acknowledge the competency of the
tribunals before which they are made to appear.
Whether the Courts-martial will decide on their own
competency or not, an appeal to the Cour de Cas-
aation must arise from such a mode of proceeding
on the pact of the prisoners, and it will be then for
t hat Court to declare whether the courts-martial are
legal or illegal. Most people seem to he of opinion
that the judges of the Cour de Cassation will be
found less pliant on this question to the wishes of
the Government than those of the Cour Royalehave
lately shown themselves. Ministers themselves seem
to fear some decision on the part of that high Court
of Appeal which may stoke their own late proceed-
ings with nullity and disgrace; and as they do no-
venture to avail themselves of the state of
siege in order to deny its power of intervention
in the cages in question, they are using every possi-
ble underhand manoeuvre to induce the members of
ti at Court to declare in favour of the military tribu-
na's. M. Dupin, Procureur-General of the Cour de
Cessation, has lately absented himself from Paris,
arid intends remaining away same weeks.
It is on him that the duty would have devolved
of pleading before that tribunal, on behalf of the
Crown, for a declaration constituting the legality of
the military tribunals. It is well known, however,
that M. Dupin's opinion is against the legality of
tl e ordinance which has proclaimed martial law,
and he has chosen the pretext of ill health and con-
sequent want of country air, in order to avoid being
placed in the alternative, either of pleading against
his own conviction or resigning his office.

It is already said, that immediately after the open-
ing of the Chambers, the opposition in the lower
House intend to propose the impeachment of Mi-
nisters, for having taken upon themselves to sus-
pend the charter. That such a proposal will be
made, I do not in the least doubt; it remains to be
seen, however, whether, imperfectly constituted as
the representative Chamber is at present, it will
meet with the approbation of the majority.
Reports have been current at the Bourse, that the
Courts of Vienna and Berlin have refused to acknow-
ledge the Ambassadors sent there by King Leopold,
on the plea that he had not accepted the treaty of
the 15th of November, with the modifications pro-
posed by the Austrian and Prussian Governments.
It is added, that a delay of three months has been
given to Leopold to acknowledge the Austrian and
Prussian terms of the treaty, and that, if by that
time he has not done so, the Courts in question will
withdraw their conditional ratifications, and advise
on the course which they may have to adopt. A
new expectation has been built thereon, that war
between Belgium and Holland will soon take place.
To-day the first Court•martial sits on the pri-
soners concerned in the late riots. It is presided by
Colonel Cliateaubodeau, of a regiment of dragoons,
perhaps the very same which has had so great a
share in the occurrences of the .sth inst. Contrary
to previous intention, the proceedings of these
Courts are to be public, and it is even said that re-
porters from the public press will be admitted. Z.
P.S. I am this moment most positively assured,
that the Duke of Fitzjames and Viscount Chateau-
briand have been arrested this afternoon, with other
Carlists of less note.

__..._....... ._.._......_.
The 3foniteur contains a report from the Mini-
: °teat44the Interior to the King, in which, after
e • • 1;:t e enthusiasm with which the National
tigArt_r*-7-., w ed the call of the Government, ral-
-4 ~,,r., ..;„ ,ational stardard, and overthrew the
`K=:;;' ' tiO(of clod of blood and anarchy, in which

cAtest many of them received honourable wounds,
aed some fell victims to their courage, leaving fami-
lies in mourning and distress, it is requested that
his 3lajesty will authorize the application of a por-
tion of the credit of 5,000,000 f. granted by the law
of November 6, 1831, to the relief of those who
were wounded, and to the families of those who fell
either in the late events at Paris, or in the west.
To this proposition the King has affixed his appro-
val. The illonitcur also has a Royal ordinance,
declaring that there shall be formed two battalions
of light infantry, to be called the first and second
battalions of Africa, each containing eight companies
of fusileers, the strength of each battalion to be
25 officers, and 1,00.5 non-commissioned officers
and privates. _

FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, JUNE 16.—Five per Cents., 97f. 45c.
50c. 55c. 50e. 45c. 50c. ; Four and a Half per Cent 1., 9"f. ; Four
per Cents., S2f. SI f. 50c.; Three per Cents., 6Sf. 40c. 45e. 50c.
4.-x. 40e. ; National Loan, 97f. 75c. ; Bank Actions, 1,700 f. ;
liente de Naples, 88f.; Roman Five per Cents., 8004 ; liente
d'Espagne, 1054 ; Royal Spanish Loan, 7811, Rente Perpe-
tuelle d'Espagne, 5 54 N %; Belgic loan, 761 ; Haytian
Loan, 205 f. • Exchange on London, one month, paper, 9.5 f. SOc. ;
money, 25f.' $0,7. • three months, paper, 25f. tise. ; money, 25f.
(Be —Coors Aulientique.

(From the Morning He) ald.)
FIRST COUNCIL OF WAR—PARIS.

TRIAL of CAPT. PEPIN (of the Sth LEGION of the NA-
TIONAL GUARDS of PARIS) for lIIGII TREASON.
Paris, June 16.

At half-past ten o'clock the Court, presided by
M. Chateaubriand, Colonel of the 2,1 Regiment of
Dragoons, and composed of a Chief of Battalion of
Veterans, three Captains of different corps, a Lieu-
tenant, Sub-Lieutenant, and hrgeant, took their
seat, Captain Michel, of the Staff, acting as Capi-
Mine I?apporteur. The poisoner having arrived in
the covered vehicle of La Force Prison, commonly
ealled Panier a Salade, was introduced, with his two
Counsel, Messrs. Marie and Laurelu ; his epaulets
and cross of July were laid on the table, and
shortly after about 15 muskets, with as many bay-
onets and ,swords, seized in his house, were brought
up by an officer of the Court.
On being questioned by the President as to his
name and profession, the prisoner replied, in a feeble
voice, that his name was Pepin; that he was a
grocer, and Captain of the National Guard of the
Bth municipal district of Paris, and lived in rue
Faubourg St Antoine. He appeared to be about
32 years of age, very much dejected, expressing
himself with considerable difficulty, rather stupid,
and in no manner bespeaking a hero of the barri-
cades, although enrolled among the decores of July.
After the witnesses had been ordered to retire to
their room, the act of accusation was read out, the
purport of which was that M. Pepin had, on the
morning of the 6th inst., fired from his window on
the National Guard and troops of the line.
The witnesses were then called in, but, owing to
the crowd, noise, and the distance at which we were
placed, we could not well hear the depositions of the
first examined, but we understood that none mili-
tated strongly against the accused, except that of a
General Schramm, who on that day directed the
military operations in that district of the city. Hav-
ing, however, shortly secured a better place, we
were enabled to follow the proceedings.
A Lieutenant of the National Guard, being exa-
mined, admitted that he could not well tell from
what window the firing had taken place, nor iden-
tify M. Pepin, whom he had only seen after his a-
rest. All he could say was, that he perceived an
officer of the National Guard making his escape over
the roof of the house where Pepin lived, but it was
40t the prisoner.
M. Dessalles, a sergeant of the National Guard,
stated that he was going to join his legion on the
morning of the 6th, when he met the 2d rural le-
gion, which was repairing to the scene of action. He
joined them, and prevented the prisoner being torn
to pieces. He also offered to conduct him to the
Prefecture of Police. However, as he Has much
exhausted, on going down the rue St. Antoine, both
from the loss of blood, front a wound in his head,
and agitation, he brought him to his mother-in-law,
No. 149, in that street, making him promise before
he parted with him, that he would not leave the
house. Prisoner, lie understands, went and deli-
vered himself up to the Mayor of the Bth arron-
dissement on the following morning.
M. Pella], another sub-officer of the National
Guard, was at the taking of the barricade erected
before the house of M. Pepin, with the 16th regi-
ment of the line. He was acquainted with him for
the last eighteen years. Heard shots in the direction,
of his house, and saw smoke emanating therefrom
but could not say from what windows the shots
were fired. There was a great exasperation against
the prisoner in the neighbourhood. It was witness
who tore off his epaulets and escorted him to the
Place de la Basrile, where the National Guard of
the Banlieue wanted to shoot him, but witness in•
terfered and saved the prisoner, and brought him
to the Municipality, where there was no military
post. He was then proceeding with him to the
Prefecture, but finding him much exhausted, and
fearing he might be ill-treated by the people, he
left him, on parole, at his mother-in-law's home.

M. Fournier, Colonel of the regiment of in-
fantry, was ordered to take ten companies of his
regiment to the Carousel, where he was placed
under the orders of General Schramm. He thence
proceeded to the Place de la Bastile; saw a barri-
cade raised across the rue Faubourg St. Antoine,
behind which were collected a great number of
bourgeois and some National Guards. His men
wanted to be led instantly to the charge, but he
declared that he had orders not fire until! he was
attacked. Immediately after, the 16th regiment,
heating the charge, advanced by the rue St. Antoine,
with the 2d rural legion. Thirty or forty shots were
fired from the windows. One of his officers came up
to him, and told him that a Captain of the National
Guard was firing from the corner house of the Faubourg
St. Antoine. He proceeded in that direction, but
did not see prisoner. The firing, however, still con-
tinuing from that house, he rode up to General
Schramm, to request he would send two pieces of
artillery to play upon it. Meanwhile, haijpg re-
turned to his regiment, an dicer of grenadiers came
up and told him that he had gone to the house to
remonstrate with the Captain of the National Guard,
and that the latter had replied that he had 20 more
cartridges at his service. The firing, as well as he
could recollect, came from the two windows of the
house in Rue de la Roquette, and not from that (M.
Pepin's) which looked into the rue St. Antoine.
The Advocate took advantage of this lust circum-
stance, to argue that it was not his client that fired,
since here existed no communication between the
two houses.

The next witness was M. Favelar, a Lieutenant-
Colonel of the 16th, who said he was with his regi-
ment at the taking of the barricade, which they
stormed in about five minutes after receiving 30 or
40 shots. A shot from the first floor of the corner
house killed a grenadier by his side. He saw an
officer of the National Guard at the window, and
cried out to him to come down and join them, say-
ing that it was a shame for Frenchmen to be firing
on one another ; but he did not attend to his invita-
tion. The artillery was then brought up. Three
cannon•shots were fired into the house, the doors
were broken in, and M. Pepin was taken prisoner,
after some resistance. He remarked that his hands
were black, seemingly with powder, but being on
horseback, he could not verify the fact. Shots had
been fired from the first and second floors, and, as
well as he could judge from the place where he
stood when the grenadier was killed, they came from
windows looking on rue St. Antoine.
M. Pimbert, Lieutenant of the 16th regiment,
deposed to being told that the firing proceeded from
a wine-merchant's house. He saw an officer looking
out of the third floor, but could not tell how lie was
dressed, having only remarked his silver epaulets;
he could not say it was the prisoner. After the ar-
tiller), had played on the house, he went with a few
grenadiers to break it open. They penetrated by
the grocer's shop and took M. Pepin prisoner. He
cried out to the soldiers not to kill him, to spare his
wife and children, that he had not fired. On visiting
his apartment, which he did in a hasty manner, he
.only discovered an old musket, which had not been
fired, and a rusty sword ; he did not perceive the

muskets produced before the Court, nor did he ex-
amine his hands.

An Adjutant-Major of the eighth legion, related
the circumstances that accompanied the apprehen-
sion of the prisoner. We saved him from popular
furl•. Prisoner told him he had not fired, but on
looking at his hands he saw that he had, and up-
braided him for it. His hands smelt of powder. he
was not present when the firing was going on.
The Court was left sitting.
M. Jules de la Rochefoucauld, Aide-de-Camp of
the King, was seated, during the trial, behind the
Court.

The Duke of Fitz-James and Viscount de Cha-
teanhriand are said to have been arrested, and the
Duke of lielluno to have absconded.
(From the Journals.)
The Duke of Orleans reached Toulon at five
o'clock in the afternoon of the 11th, the Mayor and
other authorities meeting him at the gates, and the
whole population greeting him with the warmest ac-
clamations of welcome. A telegraphic despatch of
the 14th announces that his Royal Highness had
embarked on board of the Sphinx, to proceed to
Arles.

The Alonileur contains a report from the Minister
of the Interior to the King, whereby, after eulogising
the enthusiasm with which the National Guards an-
swered the call of Government, rallied round the na-
tional standard, and overthrew the odious emblems
of a period of blood and anarchy, in which contest
many of them received honourable wounds, and
some fell victims to their courage, leaving families
in mourning and distress; it requested that his Ma-
j,sty will authorize the application of a portion of
the credit of 5,000,000 francs granted by the law of
Nov. 6, 1831, to the relief of those who were
wounded, and to the families of those who fell either
in the late events at Paris, or in the West. To
this proposition the King has affixed his approval.
The Monilcur has also a royal ordinance, de-
claring that there shall be rimmed two battalions of
light infantry, to be called the first and second
battalions of Africa, each containing eight companies
of fusileers, the strength of each battalion to be 28
officers, and 1,005 non•commissioned officers and
privates.

The Government has received repeated offers
from the National Guards of Paris and various parts
of the kingdom to march against the insurgents in
the West ; but they have been declined, from the
conviction that the measures already taken, seconded
as they have been by the zeal of the National
Guards in the disturbed districts, must very shortly
completely extinguish the rebellion.—Moniteur.
The Journal d' Indre et Loire of Tours, of the
14th instant, says—" M. Sarrut and M. Boussy,
editors of the Tribune, against whom warrants of
arrest has been issued, have just been apprehended
at Blere, near Tours, where they were without
passports.

Six columns of the .11forritertr are occupied with a
letter addressed by Gen. Jacqueminot, Chief of the
Staff of the National Guards, to the Minister of the
Interior, accompanying copies of three reports from
Generals Gabriel Delessert, Schramm, and Tiburce
St-bastiani, upon the proceedings and conduct of the
d &rent divisions of the National Guards and
troops under their command respectively, during
the sth and 6th instant. The occurrences they re-
late have, in all essential points, been already before
our readers.
