- --
come together, that our manufacturing population, unless they
resolve now to get rid of the starvation laws, will neat year be
exposed to all the horrors of an Hindostan famine. • If they,
therefore, are to deserve the character of reflecting, proviilent
men, they will at once take measures to secure themselves
against such a horrible contingency. They will, as we haie
before said, encourage the agriculturists of the Continent to
sow wheat for their use, by now resolving to put down the
devil'slaws.
" Some persons say this is the language of exaggeration ;
would it were. In fact, while we are talking of the horrors of
an Hindostan famine as a mere possibility, is the reader quite
sure that they do not now even prevail? What is one of its
most sorrowful characteristics? The mother, borne down by
'want, sells her child, in order to sustain her own wretched ex-
istence ; or, all the mother's feelings overcome by the sharp
pangs of wolfish hunger, she leaves it by the highway to
perish. When we read of such things happening in the
distant Hindostan we are ready to weep over the miseries to
which the poor rice-eaters are exposed? Are there no chil-
dren, then, forsaken by their mothers in England, because
they cannot subsist them? The daily records of the police,
Particularly of the manufacturing districts, tell unhappily a
different tale. Are there no children sold into slavery in
England? What, then, are the poor factory girls? What
must be the misery, and what the degradation, to which the
mothers of England are reduced, when they are ready to swear
falsely, or procure false certificates of age, that they may the
more speedily consign their infants to the wasting toils of a
spinning mill?"
When we weigh these repeated references to the periodi-
cal famines that desolate Hindostan—and find that these
melancholy occurrences are urged as a reason why the
English Corn-laws should be repealed forthwith—the infe-
rence that would, naturally, present itself to the mind of an
inquirer who might happen to be ignorant of the facts of
the case, is, that Corn-laws for England such as now exist,
must be bad—because famines are . deplorable events ;
and, further, that famines occur in Hindostan, is conse-
quence of the existence of the Corn-laws ! Yet the facts
are very different from those which are necessary to the
soundness of such reasonings! There are no Corn-laws
in Hindostan—yet there are periodical famines. Famine
is never known in England—yet in England there are Corn-
laws ! Our Contemporary's logic, in short, is somewhat
loose in its texture ! The case of Hindostan, in so far as
it bears upon the question of the Corn-laws, furnishes
an argument in their favour ! Let the clamourers
for cheap bread recollect that food is cheaper, one
year with another, in Hisdostan than perhaps in
any country in the world besides ;—yet " cheap
food"—that greatest of all " liberal" boons to the
labouring classes— is there found to be no preser-
vative from famine ! The argument drawn from Hindostan
may, in truth, be applied to all other countries wh,ere corn
is cheap ! In Poland, the labouring classes exist in astat e
of semi-starvation amidst harvests of almost unrivalled
abundance ! In Frances, there are no Corn-laws—yet in
France, the working people suffer, occasionally, under the
pressure of famine ! In Ireland, too, corn can be grown
cheaply, when compared with the corn grown in England—
and in Ireland, the presence of famine amongst certain
classes of the poor, is almost always discernible ! No at-
tempt, in short, can be imagined less felicitous than this, of
our Evening Contemporary, to establish, that cheap corn is
the only preservative from famine. But the Corn-laws of
this country era responsible, it should seem, not only for
famines—(which have, somehow, contrived to remain hp-
pereeptible)—but for the miseries of the factory system !
As if the existence of Corn-laws in England did not widen
the market for native labour—as if the existence of Corn-
laws did not prevent a duplication of the number of factories
—and the increase, in a scarcely calculable propcit:on,
of the wretchedness of their inmates ! Without the
protcc!i.:n of Cosia-laws, there could scarcely exist' any
such art as that of agriculture in England ; and
the existence of a large field fur agricultural industry is,
according to the free tra&rs, the cause of the factory system
and all its abominations ! There is something so lucid and
logical, as well as daring and profound in this process of
reasoning, tl: it tv-z only discharge our duty to our realess
ia recoami.aading it to their attention ! there is one little
point, however, in the ratiocination of our Contemporary,
which, we wil venture to confess, appears to us scarcely :n
harmony with the general scope of Isis opinions ! lle de-
nounces the Corn-laws—and he denounces them, specifi-
cally, on the ground that in these laws, the factory s) stem
takes its rise ! In other words, the Corn-I iws are an evil,
because the factory system is an evil ! But our Contem-,
porary forgets, that the philosophers of his petty, who most
loudly clamour against the Cern-laws, defend the factory
system ! These men allege, expressly, that the Cora-laws
roust be repealed, in order that the factory sytent niay
be maintained—•whereas, if there were virtue in our Con-
temporary's logic, the repeal of the Corn-laws ought to be
sowrbt, in order to secure the subversion of tie institutonof
factory slavery. Quite the reverse, however. The Corn-Lws
are odiousin the eyes of our" liberal" sailed:ors, bee athe, by
keeping up the price oilabour,these laws pre vent. England from
being covered with factories, and peopled by f story slaves 1
The-Sun condemns. the factory system, whilst condeinning the
Corn-laws I Why, then, does not our Contemporary
condemn the free-trade system, and the unlimited introduc-
tion of machinery—the causes, in which the factory system
originates? The Corn-laws, let our Contemporary recol-
lect, are reprobated by the apostles of free trade, on the
express ground, that they cheek the extension of the free-
trade system ! In logical fairness, therefore, The Sun
ought to argue stoutly in favour of the Corn-laws !It is
not, however, for the purpose of pointing out and refuting
all the self-contradictory nonsense, in which the " Liberal"
Journals, daily and weekly, indulge on the question of the
Corn-laws—and in the determination to pour forth nothing
but shallow nonsense on the subject, the unanimity of those
best of public instructors is truly wonderful—that we ad-
vert on this occasion, to the effusions of our evening Con-
temporary ! Our object is to exhibit to the farmers of
England, as far as our influence may extend, the
perils of their actual position ! The loudest cla-
mourers. for the observance of " national faith" with
the fundholder, are at this moment, demanding that
faith, public and private, shall be broken with the English
farmer ! The farmer has, on the strength of an Act of Par-
liament, and on the strength of private contracts with the
landowners, embarked his capital in the cultivation of-alie
soil ;—and the sticklers for the sacredness of the fund-
holder's claims, demand at this moment in the most impe-
rious style, that the farmer's capital shall be sacrificed !
They allege that famine is impending ;—and they propose
that the risk of famine shall be averted—not by a tax le-
vied on all cl=asses, proportioned to their means—but simply
by the destruction of the farmer ! Nor let tne farmers
imagine, that because the proposition is a monstrous one,
it is, therefore, certain to be rejected by the Legislature.
Let the farmers weigh the forces which are now muster-
ing against them ! All the Ministerial journals demand
a repeal of the Corn-laws. All the Malthusian Radical
Journals—Journals speaking the sentiments of the
Broughams, and Molesworths, and Warburtons—journals,
which differ widely, in other- respects, from the Ministerial
Papers—demand, in like manner, that the farmer shall be
offered up on the altar of free trade. Mr. Attwood and
his Birmingham Council are busied in instructing hundreds
Of thousands of artisans to demand in a voice of thunder,
" cheap bread," from Parliament, the moment Parliament
shall re-assemble. The influence of the New Poor-law,
moreover—more powerful, an hundred-fold, than the news-
papers, and the professional agitators—the influence of the
New Poor-law is at work, goading on the victims of that
atrocious Act, to require a repeal of the Corn-laws—
partly, in the belief that " cheap bread" may lessen their
miseries—and, partly, from a desire to be avenged on
the landowners, who consented to hand over the labour-
ing poor to the tender mercies of the Malthusians I
We are no alarmists I But a scheme of agitation is on
foot for the repeal of the Corn-laws, and for the
overthrow of landowners and farmers—a scheme more
comprehensive and profound than has ever been or-
ganised in our day, for the attainment of any political
object whatever! Whilst, too, the assailants of the farmers
and landowners are more numerous, and resolute, and in-
ventive of modes of attack, than ever, the farmers and the
landowners are, on the other hand, weaker than they ever
were before in the affections of the working classes I Their
advocacy of the new Poor-law will yet cost the landed
interest dear ! The landowners played the game of the
Malthusians, in the hope of effecting certain most dis-
honest and most despicable savings at the cxpence of the
poor ; and now those very Malthusians are hallooing on the
poor against the landowners! Let not the farmers, we re-
peat, be so foolish as to refuse to look at the full extent of
their danger! Never, before, was any class of producers
exposed to peril so imminent I Nothing, but the prudent
yet bold exercise of their energies—and in certain cases,
bolder S 3 is the highest form of prudence—can save the far-
mers of England from destruction !—Aforning Herald.•
One of the strongest and most plausible arguments in
favour of the Corn-laws is, that of their being essential to
the support of the agricultural interests ; yet, when these
interests be subjected to a close and impartial scrutiny, it
will be found that the labouring portion of the agricultural
community suffers full as much from the restrictions on the
importation of food as any other class of the general politi-
cal and social body. If the working of the Corn-laws be
examined, it avid appear to the most obtuse intellect that it
is not the most industrial portion of the agricultural classes
who derive advantage from the high price of food, but
merely that class which, for the most part, live in idleness
and profligacy on the fruits of others' exertion. Does the
farmer derive any advantage from the high price of
:torn ? Look to his rent, and let its amount be an
ease. er to the query. Does the labourer derive any
advent flee from these laws ? Look to the price of
feed. The farmer is mulcted in his rent beyond the
amount which would otherwise be available to oppres-
've landlords, consequently he is merely the medium of
.f,•reitn; excessive rents to other parties. 'rho labourer
..t In the price of food, beyond the expenditure which
- -.lied upon W discharve. His wages

oo4id othervuse uu

are kept down to that rate which merely allows en exist-
ence, so that if the price of corn be high, rents and wages
are proportionately so, and therefore no advantage to farmer
or labourer can be derived from the continuance of such
a system. If the grower of corn receive in the market
a high price for his product, that price goes not into his
pocket, but to the increase of the rent of his tenement.
In the same way, the high rate of wages, consequent on
the high price of food, goes not into the pocket of the
labourer, but into the provision market, and thus into the
pocket of the landowner, so that it is not the agricultural
interests who are interested in the maintenance of a
high rate of provision, but merely the landowners. The
agriculturist is taxed in rent, and the labourer in the
price of food, far beyond what would be warranted
under an equitable arrangement. Neither the farmer,
therefore, nor the labourer derive advantage from the high
rate of provisions, but merely the idle possessor of the soil.
A greater and more remarkable instance of the injurious
effects which the Corn-laws exercise on the interests of the
industrial agriculturists could not be adduced than that fur-
nished by the fact, that while the country is, as was lately
the case, under the apprehension of a dearth—an appre-
hension excited by fair or unfair influences—the ports may
be thrown open, corn in bond, under the influence of high
price, may be poured into the market without restrictioe,
and the farmer's future prospects completely blighted. by
the very impost pretended to be fixed for his protection.
When the question of the Corn-laws be fairly examined,
there is one result must follow as an inevitable consequence
—that result is, the total extinction of the system. In ex-
pectation of this consummation, we shall take care to keep
the subject constantly before the public.—lllorn.Adoertiser.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFICE, Seven, oClock.

THE' LONDON GAZET

OF THIS EVENING.

FOREIGN OFFICE, AUGUST 28, 1838.
The Queen has been graciously pleased to nominate and appoint
the Right lion.. Illick John Marquess of Clanricarde, K.P. to be
her Majesty's Ambassad-,r Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to
the Emperor of All the Russias.

DOWNING-STREET, AUGUST 28.
Tile Queen has been pleased to appciat Peter Fraser, Esq., to
be Sheriff of the Island of Van Diemen's Land.

WAR OFFICE, AUGUST 28.
10th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Cornet ft. E. Ward to be
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Mathew, who retires; Lord G. A.
Beauclerk to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Ward, Aug. 28.
14th Regiment of Light Dragoons—J. G. Philips, Gent., to be
Veterinary Snrzeon, vice Black, appointed to the Caviry Depot,

Aug. 28.
Scots Fusilier Guards—F. H. Russell, Gent., to be Ensign an,
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Beauclerk, appointed to the 7th Regi

mein, Aug. 2:8.
7th Regiment of Foot—Lieut. A. F. Beanclerk, from the Scots
Fusilier Guards, to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Kirwin, who
retires, Aug. 28.
9th Foot—Lieut. S. J. Metcalfe to be Captain,_ by purchase,
vice Harper, who retires; Ensign D. Pixie to be Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice iVetealf ; B. Walshe, Gent., to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Pixie, Aul 28!
20th Foot—Ensign H. 0. de Crespigny, from the 50th Foot,
to be Ensign, vice Green, who exchanges, Aug. 28.
35th Foot—Ensign G. G. Baker to be Lieutenant, without
purchase, vice Betty, deceased, Aug. 7; Serjeant-Major J. Moore
to be Ensign, vice Baker, Aug. 28.
37th Foot—Ensign J. 0. Lewis to be Lieutenant, without pur-
chase, vice Bredin, deceased, July 9; 11. R. Manners, Gent., to
be Ensign, vice Lewis, August 28.
500.1 loot—Ensign C. Green, from the 20th Regiment, to be
Ensign, vice de Crespigny, who exchanges; Quartermaster- Scr-
kiz.iit J. Moore to be Quartermaster, vice Freer, appointed to the
62d Regiment, Aug. 28.
bbth Foot—Capt. C. Arney, from the half-pay Unattached, to
be Captain, paying the difference, vice Fisher, appointed to the 95th
Regiment, Aug. 28.
62d Foot—Lieutenant C. Buchanan to be Captain, without pur-
chase, vice Moore, deceased, Jan. 15 ; Lieutenant and Quarter-
master T. Freer, from the 50th Remi ment, to be Lieutenant, vice
o

_min, Aug. S.
..3th Foot—Captain W. Suow, from the half-pay Unattached, to
be Captain, vice H. G. Baylee, Aho exchange:3, receiving the dif-
ference, Aug. 24.
6Gth Foot—Ensign E M. Davenport to be Lieutenant, withcut
purchase, vice M'Carthy, deceased, Aug. 6 ; Gentleman Cadet E.
B. Pratt, fi Om the Royal Military College, to be Ensign, vice

Davenpot t, Aug. 23. .
80th Foot—Lieutenant S. Fraser, from the half-pay of the 16th
Regiment, to be Lieu enant, vice Kelson, appointed to the Ceylon
Rifle Regiment, Aug. 28.
83th Foot—Ensign and Adjutant J. M. Fowler to have the rank
of Lieutenant, Aug. 23.
89th Foot—Ensign A. Pigott to be Lieutenant, without pur-
chase, vice Need, deceased, July 2 ; Ensign G. Horne to be Lieu-
tenant, by purchase, vice Pigott, whose promotion, by purchase,
has not taken place ; Gentleman Cadet R. B. Hawley, from the
Royal Military ,College, to be Ensign, vice Home, Aug. 23.
95th Foot.—Captain W.. Fisher, from the 58th Regiment, to be
Captain, vice Collis, who retires upon half.pay Unattached, re-
ceiving the difference, Aug. 28.
Ceylon Rifle Regiment.—Lieutenant C. H. M. Kelm.), from
the 80th Regiment, to be Lieutenant, vice Grierson, appointed to
the 78th Regiment, Aug. 28.
UNATTACHED. -

Ensign C. J. C. Mills, from the 77th Regiment, to be Lieute-
nant, by purchase, Aug. 28.
CAVALRY DEPOT.
Veterinary Surgeon A. Black, from 14th Light Dragoons, to
be Veterinary Surgeon of the Cavalry Depot at Maidstone, vice
J. Berington, who retires upon half-pay, Aug. 28.
BREVET.
