'infect itin. tut be Wt !:iti go no flintier Info Amts
painful anbject ; indeed he had gone into it at
greater length than he wished or intended. At one
time, his intention WA$ so have gOn'ti lute it much
more fully, and even tai tiave mOVed that eer-
s*.pas; ers shoOld be Lid before :the noose,
to chew what WUS the condition Of the slims
inthet island ; but on more mature ermigeritnon
he was iodectil tri abandon this &petite
he thouglmittetendency would be rather lit iollatrie
those-feelitigs.which ought to be repressed anti
niOteover, thire were papers -already, printed,
which had" been presented to the Houle last acs.
Sion, and to which recourse might still be hid,
' which wOuld'ets far enough to corroborate his
'statement
,as to the general condition of the slaves
in Barbadoes. As in the more immediate 'guess
tion of ,Registry, the measure was one which was
absolutely; necessary to give eiteiency and security
to the ahnlition of the Slave Trade; in short, it
Was a meestire, not only desirable, but absolutely
indispentible. What made it particularly neces7
sarr was, the extent,to which smuggling of slaves
had-been carried.; and this. Wes an evil which
Could never .he thoroughly eradicated except by
Means of a Registry e indeed its existence, and
the extent to which it was carried, wits the chief
erg anent for the measure. To prove the extent
to Which smuggling of shaves was carried, !spe-
cially in the stnelle, West India Islands, tat might
adduce the evidence of all the Naval Officers who
had served on the Nest India, station. Noy, a
still :more conclusive authority might he pros
ducted' to prove the tact t no less than the noose of
Assembly of Jumatcas—for they had urged that it
would be impossible,even With the assistance of a
strong tu my, ttipteVent Now, as to the
conduct oldie Utilise of Aiseiably with reference to,
this poiut, he, must beg leave, to Say a few words.
He had been happy enough to live to see a greater
number of advocates for the abolition of the Slave
Trade then, he could to one time have ever 'ex-
pected. He had seen in the ranks of these ad-
vocates, persons, who, from early prejadices or
notions ut interest, were the last whom he could
expect to come forward in such a. Seine. But
what was must, miraculous of all was to find that
the very Legislature of the West' India Colonies
came forward as the most strenuous of thoseadvu.
cates.--nuy, terming the niost indignant surprise
utmost horror, lima it should be suspected
they were capable tlf countenancing the smuggling
of slaves. I/ was a eonailan saying, that exces-
sive 74.1i1 in a young convert Was much to be sus-
pectel ; anti he must confess that his feeling with
respect to tlic,Hause of Ainembly was formed' en-,
tirely •on this notion. If be had 'seen them
express in . their Report a sort of growling
aceulcieence in the law expressing a disposi-
don to conform to its thaetatetal, butt areal,.
iag titdo so ' with reluctance, it. Would have
been a different thing. But when .he rotifid
that they calla; forward by expressiug in their 'Re-
pun-such extreottlinary zeal and alacrity, and ee.
eriling such singular indignation that it should
insinuated that smuggling was refried on ; end
When at the lame time he examined into the state
of.the facts, his suspicions ut their sintet ity were
very great: There were so Many statements and
proofs of smuggling being carried utt in the
*mailer islands, that the feet Wati inontrovertible.
non it was, proved by the returns that the negro
popubohan,in the different West India Islands had,
flit the fifteen years preSions to 160, beet, gra•
dually decreasing ; whereas, -*blot that periett,
contrary to the experience-of the preceding fifteen
years, there was an *mite; this must appear a
very strong fact... There were, too, many Coen i.
horettee farts, in inklitionto this sq9ps 'itt'sisurnp.
thee pm of. innnediately after notiee. was given
that a Bill was to be introduced to enact, that the
Offence of trading in slaves %via to be to felony, the
tfegto popidatioo increased in an anntiing pro-
portion ; and this could easily be decounted for,
because the importation of skies being then about
to become munch loon: difficult , from the operation
of the Bill, of which, notice' had beam given, it
was necessary to make the best use of time period
which elapsed before the law was passed. • BUt
there was one fact very important. as affecting time
eoustroetion which must be put upon the teal of
the Hittite of Assembly, as expressed in their lie-
port, which would spew at once how mach their
zeal.was to .he suspected, He alluded to the man-
ner in which it was.attempted to east a doubt on
the returns of popolation those
the accuracy of
yearit durbig which the greatest increase eppear-
ed ; and the way in which they endeastirerl to'
excite this doubt, was by stating that a. poll-tax
had been imposed on negro slaves, and that by
its remov‘l, there being no temptation to conceal
the number of slaves, that apparent increase was
caused, which appeared in, the returns after 1608.
Now when he found upon inquiry that in the
year 1811, (one of those to which the greatest in-
crease appeared) the Tax Bill
.alltsded to 'had ac-
tually been passed) when he found such a method
employed by. the House of Assembly to get rid
of the suspicion, when he found theta use in
their .Report- such ambignotts language, it:--wow
impossible not to feel the•strongest saspicion:.;,,s
saspieirm which would he equally excited by simi-
lar conduct in any ordinary transactiOns of life.
Adding to this, the positive proof of the introdee-
Om of slaves to the mailer islands, the House
would see how little the Colonial Legislature was
to he dopended upon in this meter.' These facts
woold also prove, that if it was wished to make
the Abolition • of •the Slave Trade real and .sub-
stantial, it would be absolutely necessary to adopt
that measure which o.n some future day he
tended to propose' to the House. What then was
to become of .the great arguthent against the Iles
gistry Bill, that it was t measure which ought to
beleft tam the Colonisi'llitgislature l Why it was
plainlyabewn t hitt ifahat Body was to be depended
upon for effecting, thicserviee, the House would
he completely disappointed. At the lame time
he dirt confess, that it the Colonial Legisleturemas
really disposed to carry the 'measure- iota effect,
there•would be nothing more desirahle then that
it, should be dune through,them, There Was one
other fact to which .he could not but ellude,
and which would chew how little the Colonial
Legislatnre was la be depended upon. A few
years:- before the abolitiort, that Coluoial.Legi,bt.7
tore had been advised, from whetice such 'advice,
was likely to have the greatest weight-40th by
Members in this them, end by his Majesty'` (ito.

Veittitint , is the .itiongei't time, 'Gt adopt ltom
'measures of-reform with respect to_the mode of
treating the slaves. it bail been tressed ppon
them, that by inch a Worn') :kite" skeet likely to
eet rid of th'e question of Attolitioh. And yet;
mitwithitamling. 'all this, theiter relircsentatione
and all advice •haa been entirely disregarded 14
them. One of the Mealtimes Of reforni which had
be'en partiodarly reeommentleir,to client at that
time was the attaehmeot cif to the soil—td
irt,event these unhappy creatures from being sold,
removed to another C3tatC or Limo!, and swept
Sap front the spot where tlfey•miglit have lung
lived--;-where they had formed connections and
acquired prOperty--;:iftins which Miglit be endear.
eu to them by a thriositod ties., This was the
rnea.iikt which Mr. Brivith BilWartis pr Hosed
to this, 'loose. The House of Assembly sou, in
their Report, Spokelbost Plausil4 in favoSr
it ; bttt Still they did not take one single Step to-
wards its adolitioii. AU this was surely enough to
sliew that it was. in ittie to look for the assistance
of the Coltiiihtl Legislature towards the adoptioh
of Registry. lint when he thought on the coun-
try to which he hi:longed when, lie recollected
who those were Whoni lie was now addressing;
when he knew the hearts aml the heads of those
to whom he appealed ; he was sure, that to hove
the ineitt.nre adopted. it' wigs only necessary to
kitty, it forward. He tvoi rprgetting, however,'
the great charge brought ilgattai him as to this
measure; he was-forgetiiiig. tlfe accusations of
methodist and f‘maticism. It to feel for the stif%
ferings of fellow-creatures—if to take an intereit
in their r'elief—if to stri've to ameliorate Optr cOn-
dition—if these were the %printouts (if
then he must admit himself to be so inciirable fii-
tottie. 'And :is whit other madmen, when Viti-
lence was found to be unavailing, it was 'econs'-'
mended to 'change the mode.of treatment to One of
tentpetance and indulgence. He prayed that thii
might'be tried tipon hint. lint in estimating his
hopes of success ittiattaining his object, he would
go Milt farther in reckoning: on the effects. ad
thitt great principle, which this opponents vainly
sought to discredit lie would say that it was not
only from the natural humanity, but, from the re-
ligion or the people of England, that he expected
success. There was one argument used against
him, to wh;ch teCoorse was'hod in opposing the
AluditiOn 'of the Slate Trade t he was asked whe-
titer he could not find limit stone other evil crying
as fondly for remedy 'as the cOnditiou (tf,ttegt•f,
slaves, and moth nearer 'home % . He was asked
why lie did not ;triply himself to 'the distresses of
the Irish, leis that they were in povery and mit
sery-,,--that they were forced to leave their coati-
:try ? Now he knew 'the frish character too well
to suppose that they could be take,' in by any
shallow compliment, such as might be intended
by this .argument he was sure that, great
its might be the. distresses Of the Irish people,
thef wool & feel themselves to be insulted by any •
comparison of their situation with that of the
Negri, Slaves in the West lodies.,.There was still
another circumstance which in the way of argu-
ment was' brought:6o'l4st hini and the 'friends of
the Registry Bill; by its opponents, for these
Gvntlemen kitocked at every door, in hopes of
finditqt some fitendly absistanee. They alludes'
tta tiot itierellite of a forvigner, who witnessed a
hVlVVi!vii Item' one of viboni
ar Last went aw,ty, tin which flit tortigne'elthserv.
to the oilier drat he was sorry that lie had
worsted tai the aronent, tip his oppo-
-nein went off with perfect cOohiess, 'while
he remained restless and heated, 'and' very un-
comfortable.' Now,' as to this allusion, be
could •only say, that the itepporters of this
Bill. felt (lithe comfortable. With respect to
the subject of Missionaries, no One who knew-any
thing of the subject could attempt to dewy, that
the Moraviaoi had done very great good; anti
;suit to them the Methodists. Ile hod beard it
repeatedly said by planteri nod slave-owners, that
i•t•rtegro ivats doubly valuable if he Was a Mora- •
virtu.. It Was not' his whim to intrude:olly longer
upon the time of the House. - understood
their feelings, wird-knew their principles so well ;
be hod Such confidence in their wide: standing and
judgment,, that he mo,.persiottled it was only ne-
cessary, to explain the subject in order to obtain
their cordial assent to the proposed measure.. To
facilitate this etiolanirtion,soMe docutnents would
be necessary, anti he therefore moved,

Tlot ittimble.tddres, be presented tabl3 Ro)41 High-
ntss tElc Prince Regent,,prayitig that thole ittizht. be laid be-

fore the Hoofe Aecooot of Ili t! Titles and Dates of any
Aril of the House of Assembly ia Jamaica, transmitted for.

the iiipl'ohation of his Majesty, the objectof which was to im-

pose a Pull-tax oft 'dales for the years MN, Isu, and 1812,

or any, returns of Slaves fur sucl Tux or otherwise."

Air. BROUGHAM seconded the 'notion.
. Mr. NICHOLAS PALsten said, dig, in rising to
follow the Hon. cieinleriits who had commenced

this debate, he was fully conscious of his ''''''''
ty;to removelhe impreisitin'whielr Iti, eloquence
had,. no doisht, produced on the minds of the
House; nettertheless,• he felt* it hi's duty to make
few'pl.in st'itements ;''and he had only to hope,
that those statements %void(' not 10,e their weight
by the impeifeef mannerin ivhich they were in.
tretdoced. I.le +'V flee to'confess that the speech
of the Honourable Gentleman had materially al.'
tert d the cimrse which be tutu ntled to have Rtitcn
on this. occasion. If any thing Was wanting
to iodoce 'him to think it was totheconting in
that House to intermeddle with the internal af-
fairs of the West Indies, it was that speech,
which : he could not but think was calcu-
lated tn. prodnce ilicalcillabie mischiefs, front
the' brilliant manner in which the. Honourable
"CientlentAn bad depicted thestipposed grievances
of the Negroes'. He was Sittlifietr that if Vie
House WitS fully informed of the state of the West
Indies, that they Would find there was tin just
ground for those fanciful pictures, and that net
pains had ,been.gpared since the abolition ur the
Slave Trade tp give effect to that measure, and to
promote the comfort and happiness of the Ne.
gr"est its well as their religious instruction. He
would aßpeat to his Majesty's Government, in
act, whether, upon this latter subjept, there had
been not pretilleettott, but' precaution.
It -veacte welltlittown fact, that persons had get
into thet c.kitiiel; and under ;the
,stierekn!teue.
latl promulgated doctrines of ills-
vbedirtme anal infUrreCtiuli, is stipport .:which

'they flak Mail are andaci.y :r. use the ii-.
the tiontr!rable Gentlemao. Si, touch for tilei:
fortuatioo tit' the iron. Oelitleitati itttiiitl.;s tun's
lie windilnoW titlte thelibirtv of ;giving, to tll
House ashOrt view of what the state Ot the Coluitil
tVas at tins monient-4tid in tieing' this he troy]
Set out fir eitireiiiiing a hope that 'nO Otieull
Would ever again lie Made to- itttrothiee. to 41'
--Jose the same Registry Bill which lied been Ili
on the table in the conrst of this Year., It wd
idipos;ibie to describe the agitatiOn which tb
discussion of this measure had piotliteeil. ,It loi'l
in tact, Mit alone fed in Ole Most Serions.acti3O
itisortectinn, but it had led tllt-tlie ilestractimi3O
'mintier of litiinati riots, ',fill to the mote drralta
,
apreliensiMii of i i.eot" %% NI bi'vimilar scenes o
hurt or. But two years ago tfieweitexroes":,of 11'!
crionies would have laid iidwii their lives for tltil
masters i but such was the erect of the prom!,
gallon of foreign diteirines in the* niindst 01
they no luogyr entertained the sante fee ingi 91
..
ofrettion, anti the white initubteatits and their tio!
mike's, apitrehinsive of the consequence of thl
dangerous chance iti tliir ienthitents, htta
begun to entigrate; lest they slitiold, fall vie':
tints. to their mistaken ideas of j"slice'
}f ..1
aking thus Stated genetally the situation 0/
the Ishods, lie would now calf the attention
of the house to the pat-tic:oh-1r Sitnation of the
lilatids of Jattlairil hitt! Bal'4,11:00, "l're- th,,g'
strangest (=Nog of disclintent.prerailed aminift
Ole Ilegroe,i, and this feeling he desired In `18"'
.Upon the best ittfortaation, which l'e, """I‘l6e'
most willies,; to commintieate to thelionmirsot)e
Gentleman, was prutlocet! by a :lir% Of ‘l'i,"iqjtii*,:,l,l
who had crept into the Colonietonot woo had
-
poisoned the minds of the neetoe bY 3"1""
yee, I hat 'they. had a right to deuovol Lb"' ' beet...
baiiyleti:itoltr:tstleucit,Ei'i:gtiErcut‘,l.rigo.tlisint',l'l.)3v::".lll(:r4ed I''':lrl
r.
than thatibedistptiettt
biteable to the isitcoduCh7nhti..crh'titildeePtii.S;tei'l*tq'tilir!ii:.
iottl the heNt proof of tliis was the slarcs e.11111'4
out to the officer to tet„tister their ttiiies. `,)thin;;
could exceed the spirit which had taken polsr"
sitar. of tl4 vie' unhappy trtc;t: and of, ot. thew "IL
declared ,bvtot e.' Itha. execotioo , neat `a e"•
spiracy had calved, antler .wlsich it WAS tinter'
Milled to massacre tile whole of tl,e in. ,110 ivh':ll t
iPoalit;lol:etis"."!'nlieodfittigt'i.rGesietrivtleettifi:u tt.':lrnieiliiieJsro t'c':erd'e'ldi'l?":-
state, that the shall actually eniploycii I,eoJoril"
tift:illecirtib:AblEktelgi loiliili,"17:11)aitplel 'rtsbetilr' st11:;:nitint'il"nplA°:;"111;h:
;erred I" ; anti to the tlacteillei cotnitined in WhiC-
it Was he attributed' the Outrages which hail ftirfr
committed. Among other Publication of thi' 'II
script ion was one on the Registry Of Slaves, sit`i,
another eat Heti the Christian Observer, iiili'llili
which the Slave was in positive terms encitd.,,gef
'to fly in. the leer of his master, and to tree h iiilscl 1
front •houcli.ge., while the vicinity of CbristdVi'e lln
Petion was mentioned as. an additional itterni'''? '
to such condom ,The lion. Gentleman then Kit"
ceeded to comment on the mr,chief which nal;
satily resulteti from the disseminatiou of 11'.t.si
doettines, and to reprobate the activity SCl":ii,,,
the African litstittition had displayed in ihril.Plt,
lication. lie next contrasted the Big oltit:h it',..,
Burke hail stig,gesteil in 1792 to "dud (11.0";`,;,
with the Slave lte'gi.tryll,ll, whieh broil '...`,"'xil ~',
been proposra. to the, former. his ..toit;ry'll,„
Burke hail awarded compensation to 14', s',,iii
owner, in ease. of ematicipatiou, flail hAti n).-1,.,
good conduct the invariable criterion of li'lo-1,,
. .
i i‘a s inlet*
inisston. Re even proposed to se nil ii,...-.)" jo
to slavery who had been guilty ottitiseoliduct.toi
fact, no measure could form a stiong,:r eonit'.l.vii.„
that proposed by the lion. Gentlem,'4ll 011% ~ ii
herforei). IVitat was,
!lliiii.swiets:l74,,cl,ltie
re;::11 rcitc.,, t:iTinest.,.,,
by J.,ord,Nleiville opon
*itthi'ili;e;ell:e4rYproluposheddruadt4) c:tlClir"elais' at(l)lilifj s? AN;:ii':4"S'l,le);l"
me,x,nplirdeisstittt.ggi:sniartellirise.,ncte:aotat
titilitie)t-i‘itgisisliii)ctiol It!'eat,shuit.,ets';:.
:were likely to pi.tonote the sahty and security W •
the Colonies, acid at the same time as,maitg hts:,.
Majesty, that if cirentristances should tit'iso it) lift
quire the co-operation of Parliamen,, 111,1 w4)9,4i
at all times be ready to atrord . it.
~,,:is was trti
cot(rse taken by Lord Melville, ,Trod in it be l's,
the support of Mr. Fox, who bad reprnb3t,gio
in strong terms any intertneddliog with Ilse is.
ternal arrangements of the Colonies as dangero"
and likely to produce no beneficial remit.---111°,7
thing was wanting to he added to these tot"•
.
monies against the policy of interfering with In;
internal government of the Colonies. it "1" in
(li
sentiments of Mr. Pitt, who cautioned the Wills
against any interference with the local authoritiei
(+ the Colonies, Tito lion. Gcntionan otist pra." •
ceeded to deny that there was nay 'just foinlds'cit(7)!
or that any pioof whatever coold he adduced of
~..;
Abolition Bill having been infringed, or that t'l'il.
attempt whatever at an illicit 'liar a '
.11ad been any
tation of slaves into the Islands.- In flue, III,e::::,i
tended that any interference on the )art 'of 1;.-
House with the internal laws of the Coloul;
could produce no good effect, but might, al it'll ~.
ease of the Slave [4)od:try Hill, produce tocd.c:„. •
lahle mischief. He hail no ohjection to the E-1
duction of any information which could lie ""';';
or which might tend to throw a light tilt°',) ',ha
subject ; buche.should oppose the :notion "r. `,13 . •
Hon. Gentleman, because lie thought it. wnt.„3
only increase the ,evils which had already fait"
ill
The Hon. Gentleman, in conchoohnov.
mo4sl tts an amendment, the 01141'40ft of sLiito-1 j
words after the word ~ That ", in the otab.-.-_,s
I Resolution, and the insertioo of the following.;
.' There be presented an bumble Address to his ,t 11,4
i silliness the Prince Regent pea ii that be wilt is' I",e3itro
to emeounicaite to the Otivet:noil at the several Ldands IP -0,
We"' Inllitili, his rte "al iiighnest'i eornavindi., that MO. I, :
? Mae Proclamation", annimiseihg his Itoyak,Hi4bii• S'.4 111,...
i displeature at the datifh; instil teetiott iit tha lalattli of tie al
does, -and at .the rage intinuat ions which w*re cirett'S.-
ac,
! Ili 8'461 Hi girtes4'S harintt ivittortieri inttise etnance4ll l
of the Blacks. Min that his Royal Highness be relineiteu,_
t signify his canfidence in the 1.,,tal Authorities of the IsladuZ,
.4st the smne time that he directs them ti, carry into *Nat r',_....,111
1 Itleainte which may tend so promote the murals and rtlisib""
46 well at the Comfort and happiness, ut the piegrovs., ,t;
Nr. WATSON LiVt.o,4, in a short sperSoo 1,,,
cooded this atitendt»eot, and cootetilled, that t,,1,,,
Assembly of Jamaica was deserving of ever,' an"
fidettec..
During this Gentleman's speech the ititerrdr:i
lion was so g%iat, "list bit C. tiuttagvi, , n -d,rr
to the Speaker, mid 'entreated that he ...7.. , • '
~,
his authority to keep order, and dirt I.° ,
~. ' ;
jeattt, or his Deputy, to clear the liar, i,, , --.-
i: F
