KAVAL NEWS.

PLYNIOUTI-1, APRIL 8.--Arrived the Danish Brig
rVePtumis,. r.:::r.vrs Master, from Nantz, .laden
-witli'salt, bound to Norwayfcaptured by the Indefa-
tigable Frigate, Capt. Bopp : the Master of the Nep-
:tunus states, that several Danish Vessela 'have lately
escaped from the French ports in ballast, in •citise-
quence of a' report having prevailed that hostilities
were likely to cease between this Country and Den..
mark.. The Neptunus brotight. over, the Captain of
a British West Indianian,• who made his escape on
board that vessel, in the hope of falling in with gorne•
British Cruizer, having for some time been a pri-
soner in France, •

ArriveLl the Aurora, WETHERALL, from Cork,
laden, with provision 9; for this port and Portsmouth;
and the COMMEree, CREWS, from London.

Put back the Swallow Sloop of War, Capt. MIL•

NEH.

Sailed the Orestes Sloop of War to the Westward,
.and tho Encouriter Gun-brig on a cruize,

Put in here by contrary winds the following con-
voys, viz. the Sprightly Cutter, Lieut. GORDON,
with the' convoy which sailed from betide on the
Gth instant; and the Nymphe Frigate, Honourable
Capt. PERCY, with a convoy from Portugal, last
from Ireland.

Arrived the Swedish Ship iludace, SODFIRSTRUM,
from 8t Übe's, 'laden with salt. for Gottenburgh;
sailed in company with nine sail, laden with salt,
bound to Ihe latter place, all of which are arrived
here : they touched at Cork, and sailed.thqnce with
a large Fleet, under convoy of the Goshawk Sloop
of War; wlsich Ship, with the greater part of the
convoy, arc arrived here.

Arrived the Fame Transport, Cliptain HARLAND,
from Malta, bound to Portsmouth, last from Ire-
hind ; several Transports from Liibon, with women
and children. Also the Ship Flora; of .t.ondon,
HARDY, Master, laden with sugar, rum, coffee, and
Cotton wool, from Demerara, bound to London—
left the former place on the .1t1) ult. under convoy
of the Galatea Frigate ; the Ship, Margaret, of
Dartmouth, GARDNER, Master, from Alicant and
Gibraltar, last from Cork, laden With brandy and
Cork, bound to London—sailed from. Cork under
convoy of 4clive Frigate. The French Schooner
•
Hartheuse, laden- %ith eoffee and sugar; from Mar.=
tinique, bound to-Bourdeaux, captured by the Druid
Friate, , •

FALuotiTtr, Aram 7.—Arrived the Dispatch
Packet, COI. HAttitlS, with Mails fram LiNbon, 13
days pasage. Letters froM thence brought by her.
state, that 8000 French troops bad advanced to Braga,
and were ecp.4led to 'enter Oporto in 'a feu', days..
At Chaves the Pottuguest troops had mutinied and
murdered their General and three other Officers,
whom they ^suspeted of treachery. A French force
had advanced to that place, but had been' repulsed.
At Lisbon the British troops, 15,000, under thecom.
mind of General,CnaDocx, were encamped in titO
of the City; the guns had been remounted
on the Forts, ' and every 'preparation made for
the'. defence of that place against the Enemy.—
The Brigade Of 'General Fitt.t., which sailed from
Cork on the 27th ult. would probably .reach the
Tagus.about.the 3d inst. The Packet left at Lisbon
His Majesty's Ships" Ganges, Semiramis, Anaton,
Asgard, intelligent, and.. Nile.
Yesterday arrived the Friend, kfuntacu, from
Liverpool,, to wait convoy for Malta and Acorn,
SMITH, from London,

Passed up Channel this evening the Minerva,
ALEXANDER, (torn Surinam, bona to London, all
well.

• Sailed His .Majesty'a Ship Alagicienne, of 38
guns, Capt. CURTIS, with a Fleet of Transports,
having on: hoard the 16th' Light Dragoons* (640
men), supposed for Lisbon ; Ship Ciescent,- for
Hayti ; Brig Teresd, for 'Rio Janeiro.; Schooner Sir
C. CG1104; and, Dolphin, f6r
The Marlborough Packet, with Mails for Lisbon,
and IVoctou Packet, with for Rio Janeiro, will
1;i1 to-morrow.

Arrived this evening the Ship Fame, COURTNEY,
from Cadiz, wnich she left th© 21st March, at
which time CuesTA's head-quarters were at Manze-
tunas, in La Mancha. The Catalonian Army, com-
manded by Acnoctoacive, had joined CoEsTA's
Army at Tarragona ; their force was 50,000 strong,
and very sanguine of the ultimate issue.
Sir,..rdnx Ducx.wowns sailed from Cadiz on the
17th March, for the West Indies. The Ville de
Paris left it on the 21 st March, for the Mediterra-
nean.

COWES, Atli IL cf.,:—Lat evening arrived hero
(rom Spithead a large Fleet of l'fansports, under
convoy of a Frigate, all bound for Lisbon, having
on board troops, horbes, tind forage: unfortniiately
the wind is come round to the Westward, which has
caused the whole of thein to anchor in our load,
4nd according to appearances are likely to ,retm.:n
here for $0n.19 tints,, particularly as the wind bas
blown from. the East for a long time past.

rORTSMOtiTiI, 47 RIL 8.-7 Arrived His Majesty's
Ship Prevoyanti; frorn the Mediterranean ; also his
Majesty's Ships Coquette, Alphea,. and Ant, from a
cruize ; his Majesty's Ship Alert, from Plymouth ;
and the Taunton Castle East Indianian, front the
•
Downs.'

Sailed his Majesty's Ship FrederiLksieen for tis-
bon, with a convoy of about an hundred Sail of
Transports for Lisbon; also the Muria, Hu NTLEY,
D114C07/16e; COLLINDER ; Economy, BURSON ; and
. Dolphin, AtAtauttg, fur Oporto; Belle, BETTS ;
nd Providence, WALKER, for Lisbon.

DAL, MARCH g.—Came down front the Rivet
the Davicl Shaw, SCOTT, for Jamaica, and Henrietta,
PATTERSON, for Quebec; and remain in the Dowhs
with His Majesty's Ships as per last.

General Sir ARTHUR WELLEiLEY, accompanied
by Brigadier-General STEWART, the Hon. EDWARD
PAGET, Major Cow; CAMPBELL, and several other
Officers, left. town between three and four o'clock on
Saturday morning, for Portsmouth.
,Extra,et of a Letter from Liverpool, dated April
8, to Messrs. BENNETr and WkijTE :—" In reply
to your letter, 1 have made every inquiry respecting
the Dido; and learn, that she sailed from Savannah
on the Ist of March, at which time no particular in-
formation had been received there respelling the
Embargo of any later date than what was received
by the• last packet, as they had no communication
with the shore for some days previous to their sailing."

In addition to SHRAPNELL'S Shells • and Cow-
ottsvies Rockets, another' new, and by every ae;
count, more destruaive engine for the demolition of
Ships, wai lately presented to the Ordnance Board
by, Capt. OUSELEY, of the Foreign Depot;
On Saturday last this thunder and lightning ma-
chine was exhibited at Woolwich to a vast number
of General 'Officers, Officers of Artillery; and Engi-
neers. The experiments 'were made on a flag-staff,
rigged'out by several ropes; and fepresenting a mast
and rigging.
On the first trial the mast and rigging fell to the
ground, with an 'instant Crash, inVolved'th flames.
The second trial was not so perfe&, owing CO some
irregularity in disposing the materials. The fire on
the third trial clung' to the mast and rigging, and
burnt with. the same astonishing fury as the Arst.t7.
The other trialsoWere equally successful, in showing
the etle4 of the model of this engine, which is no
larger than a couple of pint decanters_ united.' Capt.
OusELBY was on the ground, and assistedtin the ma-
nagement of it. '

,
~HYDE Pio tc.This promenade:of beauty, lamina,
anal eleganee, was yesterday numerously attended;
and displayed every variety of costume, from tile.
furred preservative against the chilling blast, to the.
light and'airy habit suited to the gentle zephyrs of a.
genial spring. The day, although somewhat lour-
ing, was favourable, and the walk from Hyde-Park...
Corner to Kensington Cttrdo94 was crowded, until
six o'clock. The ride was graced with some of the
most distinguished charaeiers in the country.

The Duke of YORK rode through the Park about
half past ilk° o'clock. The tide of popular preju-
dice appears to be taking a turn : when his Royal
Highness was, paSiing ,through the Piccadilly gate;
the numerous spe6tators pulled off their hats on its
being intithated to them who he was.'
TheX4rl of Citat,lSl.E and Sit CLIARLES Ii3ONBURY
Veit: among the pedestrians in this promenade.
once powerful army of 1-10 LEAR
was,: at the date of the last accounts from India, re-,
duced to.between five and six thousand men, chiefly
infantry. ' peace which the Company has im-
posed on the Peninsula, and the poverty of this
Chief, are the principal- causes of this change ; but
there are others,roriginating from hib, own tnisrita-
nagcnaer and extortion— We. learn, by a letter
from Broach, that he lately.seited from his Oflicers
the greateit 'paitof
.the plunder which they had.ac-
quired in his.service, in consequence of which most
of them have left him, and carried with them his
best troops: . His relation,' CABURE Row; inn placed
himself at the headOf a formidable rebellion against
him; and was, 'at the date)of the last accounts,
paring,' on the borders of the desert, an expeditioo,
against some of the must, valnerable parts of
!GAR'S torritories:

It appears that the late rebellion in the, NiZAM'S
territories was of.a 'much more serious nature than
has been. represented : it originated in .the defedion
of RAJA MAHAPHT,. Ail (Miter of high rank at Hy 7
drabad, ‘s,ho conceiving' offence at the proinotion of
seine, persons in opposition to his interest; withdrew
frOm the NIZAM'S service, having previously seduced
about t °Awn of the troops. With this force• he rook
a Strong position on the batiks of the 13renit, :and.he
surprised and made prisoners a body of troops which
had been seUt from-Hydrabad—;amongst• the 'num-
ber was a Captain .GohnOsl; yho, it is said, after
suffering the greatestiudignities, .was put. to a. cruel
death. -A second-expedition, was attended with bet-'
ter success. Thi# insurgents ‘vvere routed, . and
their 'Chief is supposed to have fallen in the anion.

Dispatches balk been received by GovernMent
from the British resilient at Bussorab.- The French
General 6ARDANNV, as ,we intimated, some time
ago, applied fir permission to establish a. Tench gar-
rison on an island of theTersian Gulf. The inter-
val of six months was.allowed w his Persian Majes-
ty to prepare the tribtnarychieftains on the Gulf,
and to return a determinate answer. It does not
appear that this proposition has been rceeived satis-
factorily by the depeudent' Satraps. 'rite Isle of
Ormus is the'situation proposed. hy tire French: Ge-
neral, and it has been seletled with great judgment.
Tins Island is at the inlet of the Persian Golf Wher.e
Cie admission of a ILitish fleet-can be most advan-
tageonsly resisted..
Combroon, a considerable seaport of. Persia, in the
province olFarsistan, is seirtFd in a bay only three
leagues from the island of Draws. 'From;this,place
the French. have endeavoured to obstrua.ourcom-
munication. with the Persian .Gulf but by the vigi-
rance of our Indian Government their designs have
been defeated and the:intercoucso ,11311,,C911Linut-d
without the least interruption.

LISBON MAIL.

1.13110 K, MARGIi 23.—A Courier has arrived v.itt
intelligence from Braga, that upon the approach Of
the French vanguard, the armed inhabitants of that
city waited in great numbers upon the Portuguese•
General, B. Freere d'Andrade, offering to advance
and meet the French force; he refused them, 'al-
leging it would be -imprudent -and madness to at-
tack them in the passes ; that he bad provided every
thing, and would give them battle. The great num-
ber of people from the country who hourly, joined
the citizens from all parts, and the rapid advance of
the French, caused the 'peasantry to be exceedingly,:
clamorous, nay ferocious; the General refuSed am-
munition to those who had fire-arms. At this crisis
it was discovered the Portuguese troops were without
ammunition, which caused so great . a ferment
among the multitude of pikernen,- that they attack-
ed the General and guards. A desperate confliEt
• ensued, when the
,peasantry forced.the house, and
instantly killed the General and his Aide-de-Camp,
literally cutting them to pieces. One of the Secreta-
ries, who survived a short time after receiving seve-
ral stabs, called for mercy, and intreated permission
to make a full disclosure, and pointed out the places ..
where the ammunition was secreted acid buried, to-
gether with two papers, which .fully proved that the_
General had agreed with the French Commander to
admit 30,000 troops, in three divisious, itvo Portugal.
The terins, tke, were fully proved ; in consequence.
of which the Marquis Lola aasfs-three other Noble.
men, Commanders of the forces, were seiud,atl4
sent piisoners to Lisbon.. The star, Stc. of the
neral was imbrued in his blood, as a mark of tri-,
uniph ever perfidy. In consequence of this disco-
very,- the rage of theipeople was_ unrestrainable7.
they sallied to Meet the French, and a hasty and terrs
rible conflitt ensued; the. Portuguese completely •
destroyed the first advance of boa French cavalry;
with the second, division they equally succeeded,
and 500 and upwards of horses arc captured and setlt
to 'Oporto.. Among the prisoners taken are limn.
hers who were part of Junot's 'army. This spirited.
condaa of the peasantry of Braga has caused uni-
versal joy, and we hope will be produ&ive of similar
emulation.
'lasaoN, 24.7--About six o'clock this
morning, when the packet had .been under weigh,
more than an hour, Captain Harris received aid pr'"
der from the Ainbasiador nof to sail till .the arriVal
of the post from Oporto. I have seen several letter*
from Oporto of the 2 1 St instant, which fully tnnfirtu
what I Wrote to you yesterday, rem). otirtiltiii),
der of the Portuguese General at Braga. They qYr,
that'Such Ofthe Portuguese troops as marched against
the French, were furnished with. balls
,too
for their gutis, arid the discevery was not Made till
they came to adion, and. that ;the movetneuts, r
these, troops were so diretied, as,to give the enen*
every possible advantage:- h be recolleae4 i,q,
Englan4,. that General it Arthur. Welles)Y; oar
his examination, gave :some, account of Genert
Bernarclitie's condutt during the time he (Sfr Arthul:
*ilifp:tha! country. Some letters say,.lll3(Pcililta,
Baron Eveden; in ihe English service, Who succeed'
ed liernardine, hai been defeated, aud_has retretpF4
to Oporto. Others say, that he 'has g,ar-in-I,d,
derahle adVatitage neer 'iti`ecj "e,
fallen back to a .better isosirt) 1111 all 'ec"
.
a daa
that tit~ enemy is withint
agree, however,
ohioowego, and that thv city is all114.6)611:--.
The general ojinititt here, is, that the 'French „Itard
"01 i'tniicient-fdree in that quarter, to make OD .
Oporto has been very strongly fortified,
-and all tne'r
inhabitants' that 'were:' able, to 'march' have 'arme4,
the elves in some w;ty' or- nthcr, zitvi 4i!vc g 9!
out to tneet'them. On the Imlr instant an engage-
ment took place in I.iatito Atarejietween one hatta
'tun of ,the ine iegln t "Of, three companiesof the.vnliinteers of Chaves; the rititnent of mithia,
of Villa 'Reef,: and the 'French: Otte-frtieps
ed with the utmost gallantry, and the' enemy's loss
was very severe., People who witnessed the aoliuh
state, that the' FrencFvemployeti from .ten to twelve •
waggons to carry off their Wpittidt',d: A' great new ,
ber of letters from Oliorto agree di stating, thartl4.
French: haye beetr defeated po t,hc road ot,
.13raga;%! ,
Onelowi
101
gl
passagelln, of: t 2.11 9h tal . ivt
e jnusst
atlti; contains the
)fvtilit;
that at ten o'clock this morning, an express
from Baron Eben with the pleasing intelligenee
that, yesterday, at four o'clock in' the afternooni,:4
second. attack. was niade by the corps, under his coin!
: mand the. result of which was; that. the French
weilfififratet! ,with great loss,, and 500 cavalry were
taktb prisoners and their beites.- It appears trottl
an Extraordinary Gazette, published in Seville en
the, tst instant, that the division of Spani'sh troops
commanded by the Duke of Albuquerque was
tacked oft the2Ad ult.. in the Fosition of Conavigl.l,
by a French: force of 11,ono toot,
and anon horse,
which attack wag made with the enemy's usual in)"
petuosity,. but 'completely' failed, Owing to the un-
common-in trepiditydisplayed by the Spanish troops,
that the French were repulsed, and defeated with
the loss of upwards of 400 Men.
Field Marshal Beresfordissued
generkorsiers:—
tee
ttis Risy,kttigtiness the Prince Regent of Pi:fly-mai, tat
gractou`sly been, pleased to entrust to r
Berestiod the command' in chief of his Armies thinks it rig.„.
on assuming the- said- cOrnmatid, to states:id oleclare 0I"
comrades in arms his sentiments on this eecssion• the
" The Field Marshal and COmmander in Chief, during
tune he served rin -the army which wag sent loy his Brit:tet;
Majesty to support the admirable 4nti prodigious Mhos tt.icle,
by the Portuguese tUrecover their liberty and inde.peiaY,,i.
the folloi,ving
so unjustly attacked, had no opportunity or bc"lniligt?on
inately acquainted with the inilitgy characlet of this 0.1 ‘.Ol.
and although lie thinks he has given the most certain pT,L)1),..,
the favourable idea he had formed or that characierhY 3"'
the Pcittugueseatiny
ing.the akove command, yet he wishes amt Ours to
in a still more decisive manner gavel' the command in 41';
any mbar officer so thoroui,ty convinced of the innate tr!l_ll._
toy talents and disposition of t I)ol.tuguei.!, who waiit,sfl;
thing but some skill and unitormity of plan, in the eal7-;
could not fossiid y been eaninleo,„,
of Warlike energies, to prove that they have thvali.!
been, it-not the. bist sot ieri, at least. eq oat to Hic most
and most intrepid- troops'in- Eitrope.ll (The Field-Iwo
that then addressed the l'ortuguese, in language cul", the
to -animate their exertions, snit to induce the ollie.ers Of .0
army to enforce strict discipline ,atiit subordinatiotr 'lll,!at-
troops* under his Coital-land.. 1 is dated Hcai-eiugt°
Lisbon, Match 13.)

,

014 TIIK-LISBON GAZETTE,
PRO.-CLANIATiON

OF MARSHAL SOULT TO THE PoRTUGOESS \VIVI

•
" In consequelicebf the tuernorat)le suCctSSes
" twined by ifie brbir TiLi`jebil the. Ern "
and King my august S..)vereigil; I again aPPIvPIA
'he

"" your territory, to take possession of the whole of
el it, in the name of my master."

[When the French befiire, in the month of Fe-
bruary last, ventured to pass the Minho, they in like
manner issued a paper with the ridiculous title of
Proclamation ; they were, however, defeated, and
proceeded to the frontiers of another province, more
open, and where they hoped to encounter fewer ob-
stacles. They are mistaken—they will meet with -a
barrier of brass--they majr occupy some 'small part
of the frontier country, but an incessant and relent-
less war shall make them abandon their. enterprise ;
the 'whele of the country they can never conquer.]
" I do not, therefore, expect that I shall meet
" with any resistance, but Ratter myself I shall be
" received with the same cordiality with which we
" were received little more than a year ago."
[We received the French well in November,
1807, because his Royal Highness expressly com-
manded it ; and it was never eitpeeted that they
-would prove so cruel and rapacious as we found
Spain likewise then made common cause
with- the French. Does not Muhl SOULT know

how we were trcated by JUNOT, who trampled on

on our Independence and on our Constitution—
rna:la slaves of our youth,„ violated 'out %%omen,
faced the image.; of our Saints) what honour ! what

desperation ! and can hr flatter himself that we shall

receive him cordially ? Ah ! had such a proposition
been mtde to our ancestors, what fury would have
possessed them. Our neighbours, in 'their wars
against us, always advanced and relied on some
equivocal rights-of succession, and during the eight
centuries our monarchy has lasted, no insolent
stranger has ever dared to say to us—" I wish to be
,lord of your kingdom, receive us cordially." But
it was reserved for the present age to see and hear
monstrous extravagancies of every kind.]
" What effeet can resistance have ? what can you
" propose to yourselves, when all those armies
" which frenzy had assembled in Spain are de-
" stroyed ?"

[This is a great falsehood : the same armies exist I
which did exist, and if they did nor, why, after
having entered Madrid more than three months ago,
hive you had not been able to advance either' to
Pastello, Branco, or to Badajos ? Besides, do' you
not 'know that Portegal, contains three millions
of inhat;itants, and consequently 500,000 men
CAp tbie of bearing,arms, and all willing and eager to
bea them. Perhaps you imagine we have not
.armskhot we hare considerable quantities, and our '
Governinow ios, no doubt, applied to England for
more. van think our armies are separated
and This might have been the
nnier dle,tll,l ...mem, but certainly is not tinder
we have considered, and are aware of the
.4lty 1,1 uniting our forces, or at least making
them set in concert.]
" That English army which made its appearance
"on the Continent only to foment the spirit of dis-
" order and rebellion, and inflia all kinds of cala-
" mities, has been defeated and forced to embark
" for England, after having lost one-halt of its sol-
diers, 'its best Generals, all, its ammunition and
"artillery, its horses and baggage."
Me are weary with so much repetition with re-
'Peet to the English army.......BESSIERM in January,
said, that the English had lost 10,000 men; and
SOULT says they lost 17,500 (the halfef 35,000,"0f.
Which the army of General MOORE at first con-'-
list,L) We shall, no doubt, soon be told that all
the English were killed or taken, and not a single,
man re-embarked. The_ French shoUld know that
several British divisions are already disembarking in
the Tagus, and thikt more are expected, and that,
as the British Cabinet knows its first interest is the
interest ,of the peninsula, it is greatly to be hoped
that a British force will land in the Asturias, and,
joining those valiant mountaineers, proceed to take
Ferrol and. Comma, and attack the rear-guard of
&um It will likewise be very proper that Eng-
land should send efficacious succours to Catalonia,
to reconquer Barcelona, because that placa remain-
ing in the power of the enemy, greatly impedes the
operations.of the Patriots 10 the South of Spain.]
" Portuguese, in the name of his 'Majesty the
Emperor and King NAPOLEON. I offer. you that
peace which you yourselves have driven .frOm your
country.::

You come to offer us peace ! with whom, then,
re Wit at war but with you ? We were at peace
when your arrival caused war. Your proposal is
aelf-coutradiabry. The peace we seek must be
compatible with the seared rights and honour of our
august Sovereign, and with our national independ-
ence• Do not change the meaning of words : what
you offer us is slavery, and not peace. You pro Pose
that we should be quiet, and suffer you to seize,
'Without resistance, the Government of the,nation.
This is truly a very extraordinary manner of treating
for peace.

" I offer you proteaion for yourselves and your
prcpesty ; for your religion, and the Ministers of
t!„.it religion."
f.AON BUONAPARTE in like manner offered to
toperty, for a contribution of 40' mil-
-10.14 and M. JUNOT increased this

tr it in such a manner as to pro.

gold in the churches, taking only the sacred itten-
sils necessary for your defence,: be was likewise
willing to divest religion of the superstitions by
which it was dishonourell; in other words, like JU-
LIAN, the Apostate, to reduce it to that ridiculous
simplicity which must render it contemptible.
" I offer you likewise an entire oblivion of the
" past, and will engage that you shall receive the
" clemency of his Majesty the Emperor."
Clemency from a den entirely a stranger to us,
and froM So vindialive and ferocious a tyrant, it is
not possible either to wish
,it, -or to hope it. ,
"You shall enjoy the benefit of the sublime in-
" stitutions of the same august Sovereign. It will
" be easy for me to deliver you from the calamities
" which you cannot deny that you endure, and
" assuage the evils which you have suffered, if I
" arrange your Administrations, and organize anew
" the Portuguese Army." •
We have experienced the Sublime Government
of your august Friend, and God prote& us froth it.'
Of our calamities you are the cruse, for Portugal was
flourishing before your fatal arrival. Your presence,
far from assuaging, would most miserably aggravate
our evils. Our Administrations and our Armies are
already organized, and it would be the last of degra-
dations to suffer your Government again to disorga-
nize them absolutely.
" There are among you, Citizens whose inicit-
tions have ever been pure, and who ought now
" to exercise their influence to promote the re-esta-
" blishtnent of good order ;--they may be assured
" their services will be well received, and the most
" efficacious protetlion will be afforded them, what-
" ever their situation, whether in the Army, the
" Church,, or the State."

If M. SouLT means by these pure Citi;eus, any
partizans of the French Government, they are a
dreadful disgrace to their Country, to say no mote.
".Itefleci, Portuguese, on your situation."
It is the best in'the world for defending ourselves

against our enemies.
" And consider well these generous offers; while
"' it is time. But iet•your Submission be pioitipt and
" sincere, it you wish to avoid the evils from which
" I would save you."
And so it is only for our good that you came from
Poland to our distant country ! What exalted charity !
You are a new St., Francis. But the ridiculous
custom which began at the Revolution, still con-
tinues, by which the' modern French praless, sad
write the dire& coutrary to what they praetiie.
" And your country shall be Made to shine with
" ti new splendour."
No doubt by causing Beira, Alta, and,Algarva, to
produce some new Camoens. Less brilliancy, we
believe, will suit us better.
(Signed) " The Marshal, Duke of DALMATIA.
" RIC:AIM, Gen. in Chief of the Statf."

It appears from, the annual statement made by the
Bank Dtrectors; that the amount of their No:es in
Giied{atiun i 5 about seventeen millions and a halt'.--
Of these gourds of four millions are in Notes of
11. and 21.

At 3 Cour( of Burgesses for the ancient City and
Liberty of Westminster, held at the 'Guildhall in
and for the said City, on TUesday last, JOHN WIL•
LOCK, Ot Golden-square, Esq. and GEORGE KIER,
Ot, Btitige 'street, Esq. were ele&ed 'Aldermen, or,
'Chief Burgesses, for ,rhe year ensuing.
.Aeatt. Foots.—The following account of the
origin .of the ancient custom, sending people upon
a Fool's Errad, on the first of this month., is taked'
from Dr. JAMIESON'S Etymological Ditaionary.—
'" Young people, attra6led by the singular cry of the
cuckoo, being anxious to see it, are often very assi-
duous to obtain this gratification. But as this bird
changes its place so secretly and suddenly, when
they think they are just within reach of it, they
hear its ,cry at a considerable distance. 'rhos they
run from place to place, stilt finding themselves as
far removed from their objed at;' ever. Hence the
phrase, hunt the Gowk, may have come to be, used
for any fruitless attempt.; and particularly for those
vain errands on which pers onsiare sent on the first
•
day of April.
• " Nor is it unlikely that the custom of sending
one on what is called u Gowk's Errand, on the Ist
day of April, has hal its origin, in connexion with
what is mentioned above, from the circumstance of
the bird's making its appearance in our country
'bout the beginning of
,this month. It is said, in-
deed, that if, is generally about the middle of April
that it is first observed. Bat if we reduce this to
the old style, it will fall' within a few. days of.
the beginning of the month ; and it is well known
that it is silent for some short time after its at rival 5
its note, which is that of the male, being a call -to
love."

SMITHFIELD MARKET, Aral'.

This .day's market was fully supplied with prime
beasts, and the slew of cattle in 4eneral was 0010-
ful ;' Beef is dearer than our last report ; Mutton,'
Veal, Pork, and Lamb sold at last priCes, and'.the
trade for the most part was pretty brisk., The sales
in the Haymarket were somewhat lively; Straw
and Clover have dropped in price since Friday's
market ; Hay fetched last price.—The following
prices and numbers are an accurate statement :
To sink the Mild per stone of Sib.
Beef 45. Bd. to 6s. 44. —Mutton 45. iod. to 6s. 6d,—Veal
6s. od. to 7s. 6d.—Pork s, od. 6s. to 6d.—Lamb 75. 64. 19
95. od.
• 13011t5, 2,4oo.—Sheepand Lambs, i6,ooo.—Calves,
Pigs, 200.
Hay sl. zos: od. to 61. 6s. Dd.:— Straw 11, 16s. od. to
2!. es. od.—Clover 61. los. 1071. is. ad.

CORN-EXCHANGR, APRIL 10.—The arrivals of
Wheat to-day make a middling supply, and sales of
prime samples are readily ' made at an advance in
price of about 2s. per quarter; Barley in plenty, 'in-
ferior sort cheaper ; White Pease and lick Beans
rather lower; there are large supplies of Oats, and
sales thereof are cheaper; Flour remains at ~ late
