'THE QUEEN'S MARRIAGE.

CoßounG, DEC. B.—This mo rning:the Ducal family,
followed by all the Court, proceeled in procession to the
chapel of the Castle, and there remained during Divine
Service. At four o'clock, r. ai., the Ministers, the
Court, distinguished foreigners, deputies of the States,
and towns of the duchies of Cobourg and Gotha, &e.,
assembled in the throneroom. The reigning Duke, the
Duchess, Prince Albert, and Duke Ernest of Wirtem-
berg, then arrived, accompanied by the Marshals and
their suite. The First Minister then read the
following proclamation :—" By' order of his High-
ness, the reigning Duke.-- His;Highness the
reigning Duke of Saxe Cobourg Gotha, convinced of
the deep interest which all - his faithful subjects take in
all that concerns the Ducal house, has thought fit to
assemble around him the Deputies and high func-
tionaries, in order to announce to them the approaching
nuptials of his son, the Prince Albert, with her. Majesty
the Queen of Great Britain and Ireland. The very ex-
cellent and noble qualities of her Majesty are well-
known, and have given his Highness the firm convic-
tion that this union will, by divine assistance, Cause the
eternal happiness of his son, who will consecrate all his
efforts to his new country, but who, at a distance from
hiS native country, will always turn to it with love and
respect."

Whi'st the Minister was reading the Proclamation
the cannon from the fortrers announced the happy event
to the people. Tbeir Highnesses then received the con-
gratulations of their Court.—Post Gazette, Dec. 17.

A LAST WISH.

Oh lay me mot within the grave,
'DILL bricks and stones enclose,
O'er which no shadowy branches wave,
r.p guard any last repose.
I could not sleep my last long sleep -
Did stony walls surround me;
,My soul would flit about, and weep
That fttters still had bound me.
• Oh lay me 'neath some ancient tree,
That spreads its shade afar ;
Where my lone grave may nulled on be,
By many a silent star.
Where bounding steps may o'er me press,
. And ►aughing tones are ringing;
And purest joys that mortals bless,
Their course around me winging.
Lay me where every season brings
.Some sweet and simple token;
Where Nature's fairest, loveliest things
May soothe a heart that's broken.
Where forest birds may sing my dirge
And hover round my grave;
Or where the distant rolling surge
Proclaims the free blue wave.

There, lay me there, 'mid scenes that life
Hath twin'd in love around me;
Oh lay me far from mortal strife,
Let no dark walls surround me !
GnAcE A.

—Mirror.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S—AIoEnny.

Business, always bad in the Christm7;;;;li, was seasonably
flat yesterday afternoon—few bets were made, few changes
effected, and those few of very slight iinportance. We need
only state, that Brother to Euclid, Glenorchy, Gambia, Grey
Milton, and May Boy, were somewhat better favourites than
on Thursday last, that the offers against Crucifix and Lalla
Rookh were severally a couple of points less than when we last
quoted them ; and that the filly out of Rowton's dam was in
request at 14 to 1. The following was the "price current"
at the close :

THE DERBY. •
500 to TOO agst Scott's lot—taken
14 to 1 agst Duke of Cleveland's Br. to Euelid—takels to 1
15 to 1 agst Lord Orford's Angelica c.—taken
18 to 1 agst Lord Jersey's Muley Ishmael—take 20 to 1
20 toil agst Lord Westminster's Launcelot—taken
22 to 1 agst Mr. Wreford's Wardan—taken.
22 to 1 agst Sir G. Heathcote's Bokhara
30 to 1 apt Lord Jersey's Glenorehy—taken
33 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Ottoman
40 to.l as Lord Exeter's Velvet colt ,
44) to 1 agst Lord G. Beritinck's Grey 31ilign
50 to 1 agst Lord Albermarle's Janus
50 to 1 agst Mr. John Scott's May Boy
50 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Gambia—taken
50 to 1 agst Mr. Hoaldsworth's Confederate
1000 to 800 on Angelica c agst Muley Ishmael—taken
1000 to 50 agst Velvet c and Ottoman—taken
750 to 100 agst Brother to Euclid and Angelica—taken
1500 even, on Gambia agst Uzbeck, Camillo, and Sophoeles--
taken

THE °AK's.
6 to 1 agst Lord G. Bentinek's Crucifix—take 7 to 1
7 to 1 agst Mr. Fowler's Lalla Rookh—take 8 to 1
14 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's colt, out of Rowton's dam—.
taken
200 even between Crucifix and Lalla Rookh— taken

We beg to direct the attention of our readers to
the following extract of a letter addressed to A. Row
lanA and Son, 20, Hatton Garden, London, frem-
Hamburg, dated February :—" I have also the pleasure
to inform you of another decided proof of the efficacy
of your celebrated Mneassar Oil. Dr, Roding of this
place bad a.r&ent who was bald for several years, and
who had tried several articles for the recovery of his
hair, but without effect, until he was advised by the
doctor to make use of your Oil : after using three bot-
tles he entirely recovered it, and has now a much finer
head of hair than formerly. Dr. R. felt so gratified at
its success that lie made a drawing of the recovered hairs
(magnified), which lie herewith sends." Rowland's
Macassar Oil prevents hair from falling off or turning
rey ; changes grey hair to its original colour ; frees it
from scurf and 'dandruff; and makes it beautifully soft
and curly. In dressing hair, it keeps it in curl, &c.,
unimpaired by damp weather, the dance, or in the exer-
cise of riding. Ask for " Rowland's Macassor Oil."
LIVERPOOL LICENSED VICTUALLERS.—A
public meeting, convened by placard and circular, of the
licensed victuallers, wholesale and retail wine and spirit-
merchants, brewers, and owners of public-house pro-
perty, was held on Thursday, at Eastwood,s Royal
Hotel, for the purpose of taking into considerat:on the
effects which certain clauses of the Metropolitan Police
Bill (intended to be introduced into this borough) would
necessarily have upon their trade, and upon the value of
public-hous7! property. From 400 to 450 persons were
present. There was a good deal of discussion, and
some difference of opinion on the subject ; but the ma-
jority carne to a resolution that the municipal authori-
ties of the town be respectfully requested to forego the
insertion of the 42d clause of the Metropolitan Police
Act in any Bill they may apply for in the next Session
of Parliament.

The present work, which forms part of the second
volume of the larger publication on '" The Law of
Real Property," by the same author, has been issued-
in a separate form, and will be found a very useful
introduction to conveyancing. The work is
founded on the second volume of Blackstone 's
Commentaries it contains about 500 cases, ar-
ranged in alphabetical order, and treats of estates
divided into two principal kinds, viz., common law
estates and admittedly legal or customary estates.
Th e author has generally followed the arrangement
of the great commentator, and at the same time
confined himself to what is properly the province
of a legal writer, to a description of the- statutes
and customs of the land, without indulging in
theories, and, as. he candidly admits, claims little
credit for originality, except in the general arrange-
ment of the subject, and in his mode of treating
qtmsi-fines and quasi-recoveries, as well as customary
estates and uses. Though the subjects are gene-
rally dry and uninteresting, Mr. Flintoff has con-
trived not unfrequently to make them very palatable
to general readers. The chapter, for instance, on
" Title to Estates by Descent" is both amusing
and instructive. After defining " Descent" he
treats of " Lineal Consanguinity," and gives the
follcwing calculation :

" The doctrine of lineal consanguinity is sufficiently
plain and obvious ; but it is at the first view .astonish-
ing to consider the number of lineal ancestors which
every mambas, within no very great number of degrees ;
and so many different bloods is a man said to contain in
his veins as he bath lineal ancestors. Of these he bath
two in the first ascending degree, his own parents; he
bath :our in the second, the parents of his father and
the parents of his mother ; he bath eight in the third,
the parents of his two grandfathers and two grand-
mothers ; and by the same rule of progression, he bath
an hundred and twenty-eight in the seventh ; a thou-
sand and twenty-four in the tenth ; and at the twentieth
degree, or the distance of twenty generations, every man
bath above a million of ancestors, as common arithmetic
will demonstrate."

. Another instance. Having defined the words
" apparent" and " presumptive," he adds, " The
same estate may be frequently devested by the sub-
sequent birth of nearer presumptive heirs, before it
fixes upon the nearest presumptive heir. As, if an
estate. is given to an only child, who dies, it may
descend to an aunt, who may be stripped of it by
an after. born uncle ; after which a subsequent sister
of the deceased may enter, and who will again be
deprived of the estate by the birth of a brother."
A work of this kind necessarily treats of the
ancient customs of nations and their origin,
and an opportunity is thereby afforded of point-
ing out some remarkable varieties in social life.
Under the section " Feoffinents," for instance, are
given the different modes in which land was trans-
ferred. According to the law of the Jews—." A man
plucked off his shoe and gave.it to his neighbour,
and this was a testimony in Israel." Among
Eastern nations lands were surrendered by the pre-
sentation of land and water ; among the German
tribes by the delivery of a piece of turf, still prac-
tised in Scotland ; and, among the English, the
conveyance of certain estates is made by the deli-
very of a rod. The language is plain and simple,
with little of the usual jargon of the law, and the
work altogether displays much patient research and
accurate knowledge of the various intricate questions
which it professes to discuss.

THE RISE AND PROGRESS OF THE
LAWS OF ENGLAND, ,yc.
By °num Fki-vTorr, Esq., Barrister-at-Law.

Mr. Flintoff is both a diligent and an exteni.ive
inquirer. His present work contains a rather mi-
note account of the origin, history, and customs,
warlike, domestic, anti legal, of the several nations,
British, Saxons, Danes, and Normans, who now
compose the British nation, as an introduction to a
description of the common law derived from those
customs, and of the statute law. His work is much
more full in respect to the Britons, as if he bad a
filial love to them, than to any of the other nations
he describes ; and he brings into a small compass all
probably which can be learnt, or is worth know-
ing, •of their manners and customs. This part of
the book is especially worthy of the attention of
students of English 'history, as well as of those who
take a wider range and examine the progress of so-
ciety. His researches lead to no conclusion
different from the conclusion drawn froM the
researches and observations of others, and demon-
strate that the further back inquiries are carried, the
more ignorant, rude, unskilful, and barbarous, ap-
pear all the races of men. The knowledge pos-
sessed by the Britons of the Creator, was on a par
with their skill in making weapons of war, which
consisted of bows, with reed arrows headed
with flint, or sometimes with sharpened bones.
They also " used in battle the four-pointed oaken
club called a cat." When they had scarcely a trace
amongst them of the use of metal 'except that which
" had been communicated to them by the Phumi-
cians," it seems rather hard to suppose that they
preserved amongst them the religion of Noah, while
they had not preserved a knowledge of the art of
working in metals, which is supposed to have at-
tained considerable perfection before the Patriarch
took refuge in the Ark. We are afraid,
indeed, that Mr. Flintoff, by' endeavouring to
trace a resemblance between the religion of
the ancient Britons and the religion of the
Bible, wishes to invest the darksuperstition of our
ignorant ancestors with a dignity which does not
properly belong to it. For our parts we give no
credit to the tale of nations loan a valuable
knowledge, whatever may be lost by individuals.
Men banished from society may-lose certainly all
the knowledge possessed by it ;'but this is not a
question of
_individuals cast out from a tribe or
nation, and wandering in an untenanted wilderness,
but a question of the whole tribe or nation, and we
cannot see any good ground for supposing that they
had ere: possessed a knowledge which they had lost by
"Ion!=, wanderings in the East,"or that their ancestors
had ever shared a higher state of civilization than that
in which they were discovered. It is admitted that

they obtained some useful knowledge from the
Phoenicians, and the presumption; therefore, is, that
at an antecedent period they were still more igno-
rant, not more learned, wise, and , civilized. We
cannot, however, enter at length into such a ques-
tion, and must close our remarks by observing, that
almost all writers on such a subject lend to antece-
dent times, their own ideas, and their own know-
ledge ; this was particularly the case before histori-
cal criticism was cultivated as an art ; it is strikingly
observable in the writings of the earliest authors, who
invariably lead their own knowledge, and the systems
preialent at the time they wrote, to preceding ages.
Returning to Mr. Flintoff, we must observe as a
drawback on the favourable opinion we have formed
and already: expressed of his book, that it has in
some places an air of being superficial, as if its ma-
terials were rather gathered from indexes than duly
selected from the works themselves after being
thoroughly • studied and' digeited. Probably the
style and mode of composition give this appearance,
while the materials have in fact been properly pre-
pared, and the work is one of a ripened and perfect
scholar.

THE DIARY OF A NUN.—We are requested to
state that Mr. Colburn, of Great Mariborough-street,
has this day published " The Diary of a Nun," in 2
vols. post Bvo., which can now be had at all the Libra-
ries. Mr..Colburn has also just published the following
new works of fiction, by distinguished writers :-1,
The Spitfire, a Nautical Romance, by Captain ha..
mier. 2, Preferment ; or, My Uncle the Earl, by
Mrs. Gore. 3, The Life and Adventures of Michael
Armstrong, the Factory Boy, by Mrs. Trollope, com-
plete in 3 vols., with all the illustrations by Hervieu
Buss, &c. 4, The Romance of Private Life, by Miss
Burney. And 5, Little Pedlington and, the Pedling-
toninos, by John Poole, Esq., author of "Paul Pry."
The inhabitants of Presteign have invited the
Right Hon. Sir R. J. Bridges, Bart., to a public din-
ner in that town on Tuesday, the 9th of January.—
../Icaford Journal.
IMPORTANT, IF TRUE...A
43. man in Massa-
cbussettg, having the fear of the fifteen gallon law before
h's eyes, drank a quantity of mores multicaulis tea just
before going to bed ; and when he woke up next morn-
ing the liquid bad passed through his skull, and farmed
a silk night-eap, which covered his head.

This is a college in Ohio, United States, and .Ti:ecivcd
a charter from its Legislature in Is al. It is the only
college, and, with one exception, the only sell, )01 in the
Union, which admits the coloured student to t be same
privileges and treatment in all respects with tl, a white
student. While it thus maintains in practice t 1 to prin-
ciples of justice, it adopts the effectual coo cto
break down the, prejudice against colour, NN 7.1) is
the strong bond ,of slaVery in America. T; se-
minary has
now in the course of trailing I;et4 rem
4-00 and ..500 students, under twelve well qualiEed• pro-
lessQrs, with assistant teachers. It is the nursery
Of teachers for the Coloured people, and of an ti-sla• very
lecturers and preachers ; and by a thorough .:curs c
physical, intellectual, end moral training, is pre::: ark .g
class of well-informed and efficient advocates of sini% er-
sal freedom. It is considered by the Pigs' of
America as a powerful auxiliary for the removal of st.t-
very in that country, which is an enterprise of gr eat dif-
ficulty, and involving heavy and continued exper; cc,
and
by whose advice a deputation has visited Eng land to
solicit pecuniary aid in its behalf. The applicat; ion has
been kindly and liberally entertained.
A petition to the City Corporation occasion( td. the
speech of Mr. Rodgers, which was published in 2.2( twee,
paper of the 15th instant. Four Members of the et mitt
spoke in favour of the petition, in reply to Mr.Rodg ,arc,
but their speeches were not reported at any length., and . the
Institution does not appear before the public in its pro-
per character. Justice to the petitioners, justice the
Court, and especially to the respectable Committer who
gave an able and a strong report in lat'our of tin pe-
tition, require that the other side he heard, and , the

more so, because the abolitionists of America as a re-
presented as violating the latvanitlies-Federal•(o7.-erla-
meat, and even thela:es of morality: Fifteen hundred
Abolition Societies are in operation in the United
States, all of which arc pledged to use none les t irsoral
means constitutionally put forth, and not one o whist!:
has been arraigned for a violation of law.
The following are the remarks of Mr. Alderman
Thomas Wood and Mr. Richard Taylor, in Itavour of
the petition and the report F
Alderman THOIIAS WOOD expressed his regret at
being obliged to differ in opinion with the mov sr of the
amendment against the grant, and more so, as I.e must
necessarily question some of his facts, if not in) pi!ach his
knowledge of American law. He (the rncevesr) had
described this question as one in waich wen were re-
stricted from interfering in consequence of its being
opposed to the American laws, the policy of th's country
towards one in arnity, and militating against the corn-
mon opinion of the whole of the United S ;atcs. ' In
the latter observation he was evidently at fault, for
he had admitted in course of his observat ions that
thirteen of the States were opposed to sla ,very, and
that thirteen supported it'; hence it v rag, upon
his own showing, a moot point. If thee popula-
tion of a country were greatly divided up on a sub-
ject foreign interference ceased to be very gut rstionable ;
but when states and governments, possessing legislative
functions and independent authority, were equally di-
vided what became of this objection ? The vc division
seemed, if it did not invite, to sanctify a foreign interfer-
ence ; and respect for the consistency of tl to English
character, as well as regard for what had been done in
India, demanded of every Englishman, and t uore espe-
cially of citizens of this great metropolis, to be. loud and
earnest and zealous in pressing on their American
friends, and brothers and fathers, the abomination of
the slave trade, and the horrors to which its operations
would hurry ,them.. The plague, the pestit !nee, rind
death, were among its votaries, and seem to 'be opcu
armed to embrace the advocate of so easastrous
and so deleterious a principle as was found
to be involved in the Slave Trade.—('Cheers.)
With respect to the policy of the country, what could
be more fanciful, seeing that upon all occasions the city
had been foremost to relieve the oppressed of other
countries, regardless of the dangers which mietht arise
to our foreign friends , hence, in 1823, we not only
encouraged both Greeks and Spaniards, then 'in open
rebellion, to take an asylum in this country, but voted
them 'pecuniary relief even from ourThwn funds.—
(Cheers.) The pocket-book of every member' would
show many, very many proofs, the details of which would
be tedious ; he adverted only to one principle of action
to show the objection was one rather novel, if not
somewhat forced, failing all others of importance. Nay,
but a few evenings since, we were dancing for the ,Po7eS,
regardless of the animosity of the Autocrat of al! the
Russias. •
Sir P. LAURIE—But we sent them. no money.
Aldermara. WooD—Becauso, forsootheevereavencree
to Poland was so closely watched, that even the pene-
trating eye of the worthy Knight-could cot find an open-
ing to admit the smallest effort of mercy in their native
land for the distressed and exilesi Poles.—(Cheer2.)
Bat there is another point to which allusion has been
made—that the laws of America have been tiolati,d.
,The mover of the amendment had brought down his
becks, and had shown—what? That American slrwory
was supported—by what ? Not by the Acts of the
Union. No, forsooth. By what then ? Why by
the acts of Nem Orleans, or some local State ; and,
therefore, all interference was illegal. Give Lim
the benefit of thirteen Staten, all advocating and le-
galising-, the slave .trade, and that is all he contends
for ; still he only proves that the worst of moral prin-
ciples may be adopted as the ground of legislatrons la-
bours, and become, as a rule of government, the means
of perpetuating the worst of moral evils. Tile converse
proposition stands, therefore, upon an equal, if trot a
better foundation ; it has, at all events, the saner on of
truth and justice, and the equal support of the law.
If, however, it is unwise in this Court to oppose the law
of the States, the argument seems to be in favour of the
report ; for the mover of the amendment has det.er-
ously 'kept out of sight the ali-important fact that the
Oberlin Institute is a legal body—is supported by
Government—is protected I; v charter—a charter granted
by the Government—the Government of the Stake of
Ohio. It is a college charter ; and though he ( the
Alderman) had not these books to refer to, he could
assure the mover of the amendment that- his labours
would be amply repaid, and curiosity abundantly gra-
tified, by a perusal of the Oberlin charter; and, com-
paring it with the charters of other colleges, he would
there discover an agreement, if not "totident verbis,"
yet something so close and so accurate, as at once to
convince him that while the Oberlin Institute was not
only legal in its own State, its principle was recognised
and menfully supported by many, if not most others.—
(Hear.) Hence, then, neither policy nor local laws-were
opposed to the interference of this Court; except, indeed,
the laws of some interested planters of cotton, of which
more would be said hereafter. But it was urged, and
with no small force, that the laws of the United States
were not against slavery ; nay, that the Union was
obliged to support slavery. Can there be anything more
monstrous ? Why, in the whole charter of American
independence, the word slave, the term slavery, does
not occur—is not mentioned ; more than that, 'it is
carefully avoided.—(Cheers.) • The genius and the
spirit of the whole declaration of independence, and
all individual and collective exertions previous to it,
great and terrible as they were, were based on one
axiom, and one axiom only—viz., All men are free.—
(Cheers.) How then can the laws of the Union ha so i
libelled, or their practice so distorted, as to suppose that
in the most distant manner they can even sanction any-
thing so unholy as the slave trade ?—(Hear, hear.) But
let the acts of the Union speak for themselves ; and let
the American Government construe its own proceedings,
and negative the unpardonable aspersion on the purity
of its principles. What! the Union support slavery !
Neither in principle, as we have seen, nor in practice,
as this Court must have seen by its receat public act
in sending out a ship of war to cruise on the high seas
and capture vessels trading in slaves, even though
manned by Americans. Such is the fact ; what then
becomes of the charge against the Government.? Can
it be supposed that so much care should be taken by
the United States to annihilate the slavery of the Afri-
can, and yet exhibit either encouragement to or con-
tinuance of American slavery. What ! annihilate Afri-
can slavery and protect American slavery! Impossible.
Sir P. LAURIE—The cases are different.
Alderman 'P. WOOD—The cases are different! Read
the details of American slavery.
Among the wretches
kidnapped into American slavery will be found mem-
hers of our sister country, Irish men and women, bone
of our bone, flesh of our flesh, commanding our sympa-
thies and demanding our interference. A difference !
An African free and-an Irishman a slave! A diffe-
rence to which if the Honourable Knight aspires, IT will
take no credit by the distinction, nor will the majority
of his countrymen stand by to sanction slavery, even
though it be of no more, than one Irishman.—(Cheers.)
But that circumstance calls aloud for redress, and this
fact is rnandetory on every men who regards his per-
sonal avoucher to say that Americans should not
heedlessly, and for mercenary purposes, enslave the
poor and the wretched of our country, or
bold them in so vile a bondage for any
purpose, however much their cupidity, or the Hon.
Knight's ingenuity, may seek a justification. The time
had so far advanced that it was quite impossible to
enter minutely into the details ; but it was his (the
Alderman's) intention to have exhibited and proved to
the Court that the American panics of 1832 and
1836 were based upon, and matured by, the slave inte-
rests. One observation he could not refrain from
making, for it seemed that, superior wisdom had decreed,
as a certain consequence, that the most disastrous
results should ensue upon all the owners of slaves
and the unrighteous traffickers in human life.—(Cheers.)
Such was the geographical fact, that in each of these

panics the principal operations were confined to the
sleVe distrUets, and the houses in that accursed tiade
were spoliate d, injured, and impoverished, almost wtbout
exception—leaving the sad but certain evidence that
the finger of the Eternal had marked this abominable
traffic with certaio unerring marks of his indignation
-(Cheers.) Can it be necessary now to denounce, or ;
even to decry slavery in this country? Our principles,
our laws, and thank God, our holy religion, teach us ;
to regard every man as a brother, and as such we may, •
we must, assist and relieve, but we cannot, we dare
not spoliate er enslave. Let then the vote of this day I
record our answer to the arguments of the mover of the
amendment, and by a liberal donation to this institution,
prove to the world at large, and to America in particu-
lar, that in this city the slave trade is hated and abo-
minated, as alike opposed to our institutions and to the
spirit of our mild, and charitable, and holy religion.
Mr. R. TAYLOR
.expressed a hope that the Court
would not be influenced by what had fallen from some
of the preceding speakers to withhold its sanction end
support to the institution which the Committee had re- I
commended. He considered that the merits of the
question turned upon the fact of the means employed.
It bad been alleged that these were in defiance of the
laws of the United States, and that to abet them would
be inconsistent with our friendly relations. Were
tin re any truth in such a statement he would admit th
force of the objection ; bet it was altogether erroneous.
The means' employed were simply the establishment o 4 • a college open to the negro as well as to the white mangy
and where, by receiving their education together upon
terms of equality and Christian fellowship, the preju-
(lice of colour may be lessened, and the cause of
ablation of slavery gradually advanced. The asser-
tion that such means are inconsistent with
the law, either of the Union or of the
is wholly unfounded ; however, it may
servo State theof O
hio,
purpose of those who are so anxious to show
their concern for the institutions of the American re-
public, by assisting to perpetuate that foul blot witli
which on other occasions they are ever ready to reproach
them. It bad been stated that the general Government
being federal it did not interfere with 'slavery in the
States that permitted it ; but neither did it interfere-with
efforts ler the improvement of the negro, and the dis-
continuance of slavery in those States whose laws sanc-
tioned such efforts, as in Ohio, where the Oberlin
Institute existed under a charter from the Govern-
meat, and wheSe the means emptayed we-r
-most peace.
-able, legal, and such as stie appi'ore thmseiveg to
every one who could lay claim to the character of
a man or a Christian. --E-vcry one of the statements
which had been so confidently made was erroneous, and
he defied Mr. Rogers to prove their aacuracy. He
would say a word on what bad fallen from the gentleman
behind him (Mr. Burton), who, though approving- entirely
of the institution, its sacred object, and the means it ern-
plcPyed, yet opposed the grant on the ground that the
Corporate funds ought never to b:: employed on objects
not connected with the city. He would only tell the
werthy member who was lately come among them
that the Common Council had never acted on such
a view. He regretted that other Corporations were
thus unjustly fettered under the Municipal Act, which
at the same time • that it made the Town Councils
dependent on and responsible to the people, absurdly de-
prived them, and their fellow-citizens who appointed
them, of the free disposal of the income which their
careful management may have secured. But such was
not, and he .trusted never would be. the law with regard
to London, whose. annually elected council should be
left to dispense, in accordance with the wishes and wants
of their constituents, the income of , the corporate pro
party ; and those rashes and wants had always been de
f
id) luarrpe
ads
ei
sn u
like tirH,
opfretis'eenatp. pliAcentdio,ninodfe'
ead,poasrttiohne
roelcoitrdsto
of the City sho:vcd how we had • sympathised with
our American brethren in their great and glo-
rious struggle to resist unlawful taxation,
and to secure to themselves the blessings of civil and
religious liberty, we may well and in the same spirit
express the interest we feel in those who are labouring
amid the greatest discouragements for the removal of
that great evil by which the honour of the republic is so
much tarnished. As to the lively and strentionc speech
of the worthy Knight •(Sir P. Laurie) against the
grant, it recalled to his recollection that by which the
werthy Knight bad endeavoured to prevent the ap- '
cation to his late Majesty for the establishment
of a University in London ; and he trusted it would
be as ineffectual. The worthy Knight on that occa-
sion opposed an institution for educating together men
of different creeds ; that which now experienced his
opposition proposed to impart the blessings of education .
to those who differed either in colour or in creed—to
raise in the scale of humanity and religion ail whom the
great Creator, " who bath made of one blood all na-
tiers of the earth," bath stamped with his own image,
and commanded to live together as brethren,—as chit- •
dren of one kind and bountiful Father. Such an insti-
tution he trusted, however, considering the magnitude
of the evils which it was designed to remove, would
not fail of obtaining the countenance and support of the
Court.—{Cheers.)
It is but justice to those who voted against the grant
of 001. to the Institute, to say that the•gre.^.t majon ty
-e--444.....,...hiceted to it upon the ground._thar. the Con. 1
per ate funds ought not to be applied to any but,
Corporate objects.

t:4),
