Ac

i '-- ~~

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

ROUSE OF LORDS, Jam( 13.
The Remedy against, the Hundred Bill went through a
Committee, and was ordered to be read a third time on
Monday.
Lord SUFFIELI) presented a petition signed by the
Rev. Geo. Evans, on behalf of the
frogcongration of runs-
wick Chapel, Mile-end-road, praying the abolition of
slavery.
Mr. BuaaeELL and other Members of the House of
roma-ions brought up the Valuation of Lands in Ireland
Bill and several Private Bills.
THIRD READING OFBILL. THE SCOTCH REFORM
Earl GREY moved the third reading of the Scotch
Reform Bill.
The LORD CHANCELLOR proposed an amendment
relating to the election of Members for the Orkney Islands,
the object of which was understood to be that of an exten-
sion of time for the return of the writs.
The Earl of FIFE wished to express a few observations
on the subject of this Bill, and hoped he might have their
Lordships' attention. When the Bill was first introduced
into their Lordships' House, he had predicated that it
would be impossible to resist it. Several Noble Lords had
undoubtedly opposed the Bill, but he thought from the ar-
guments they had resorted to, they must have been asleep,
or perfectly ignorant of the state of Scotland or the Con-
stitution. He had understood the great objection to the
Bill to be, it would occasion a great change in the Consti-
tution—this he denied. The representation of the country
had been unfairly extended, and this Bill was very much
calculated to remedy the evil, and produce a happy effect.
There was scarcely a person iu Scotland of importance
who did not wish for the passing of this Bill—wished for
that which this day would take place.
r.,The Earl of HADDINGTON opposed the third reading
of the Bill.
The Lord CHANCELLOR could not let this Bill re-
ceive the sanction of the House without paying a high en-
comium upon the Commissioners, who had been most in-
defatigable in the prosecution of their duties, which they
had performed with the strictest justice to all parties.
The Duke of BUCCLEUCH could not allow the Bill
to pass the House without justifying himself for opposing
the third reading of the Bill. He did so on the same
grounds as the Noble Ear! near him (Haddington). He
thought Scotland had been treated with injustice in this
measure ; he thought Scotland entitled, instead of 8, to 18
more Members.
The Bill was then read a third time, and on the motion
of the Duke of Rlcnatorin, passed.
ANATOMY BILL.
On the motion of Earl MINTO, the third reading of
the Bill was postponed to Thursday.
The House adjourned at Half-past Six to Monday.

Mr. CRAMPTON said there must be some mistake in
the affiir, he had never before heard of such an occur-
rence, but the matter should be inquired into.
Mr. HUME then presented a petition against tithes
from a parish in the county of Cork. A very numer-
ously signed one from Birmingham against all taxes on
knowledge ; and 46 petitions. praying the House to stop
the supplies, which had be n.agreed upon at a public meet-
ing at the time the Ministry were out. He thought it
was due to the petitioners that he should now present
them.

Mr. SHELL presented petitions from the National Po-
litical Union, from Castl-bar, and Dundalk, in favour of
the Ministerial plan of education for Ireland ; from Louth,
against granting supplies till the Reform Bill became law ;
from Bradford, Knockbridge, the Glasgow North Western
Political Union, in favour of an extended measure of Re-
form for Ireland ; from a parish in Tipperary against
tithes and Church rates ; and from Louth, in favour of
the disbandment of the yeomanry, and praying the House
to give Ireland 135 Members.
Mr. HUME presented a petition froth Dudley, in favour
of a more extensive Reform for Ireland ; and from the
churchwardens of Hackney, against the Bill for the re-
moval of Scotch and Irish Paupers. The iron. Member
also presented a petition from Marylebone, against that
clause in the Reform Bill which made it imperative
on all persons before they could be registered, to pay
on or before the 2011 of July all rates due on the sth of
April. The Hon. Member wished to call the attention of
the Chancellor of the Exchequer to this petition, which
'rated that unless something was done in the way of giv-
ing relief, the borough of Marylebone would he deprived
of the votes of nearly 10,0001. persons.
Lord ALTHORP did not see how the clause in ques
tion could be considered as bearing hard upon any one. It
had been most fully discussed and considered, and adopted
by the House. If it deprived any parties of their right
of voting, he regretted it, but it was utterly out of the
power of Ministers, or Parliament itself, to alter it, lor
no clause bad been introduced into the Act to empower the
House to amend it in the same session.
After some observations front Mr. ESTCOURT and 3lr.
J. Woon, the petition was brought up.

Mr. PRINGLE was anxious to learn from the Noble
Lord opposite whether the Government intended to pass
the Bribery Bill this Session. That measure was con-
sidered absolutely indispensable, in consequence of the
gross and shameful scenes which in many parts of
Scotland were at present witnessed.
Lord ALTHORP said it was the fixed deterininati,,n of
Government to do all they could to carry through a Bribery
Bill during the present Session.
Mr. KENNEDY was extremely anxious that the se-
veral vague and pernicious imputations thrown by the
Hon. Member opposite (Mr. Pringle) upon the people in
Scotland should be substantiated, by naming the pl ~•es in
which the scenes he had described were occurring. This
would he satisfactory to all parties.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS complained that there was no
need for the censure of the Hon. Member, as the observa-
tions of his Hon. Friend (Mr. Pringle) did not give oc-
casion for it. His Hon. Friend (Mr. Pringle) had only
recommended the passing of a Bribery Bill, in which, for-
tunately, the Government agreed.
Mr. KENNEDY did not at All object to the Bribery
Bill, but insisted that it was unfair to make general im-
putations upon the people of Scotland, without naming
particularly the place to which his observations applied.
Mr. PRINGLE had no hesitation in saying that h;s

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JULY 13.
Mr. TOWNLEY presented a petition (we could no
bear where from) against a Reduction of the Duties on
Foreign Hemp.
Mr. R. WASON presented a petition from the Magis-
trates. Grand Jury, Yeomanry, &c. of the eastern division
of Suffolk, praying that the Assizes for that County be held
alternately at Bury and Ipswich.
Mr. LAMBERT presented three petitions from parishes
in the county of Wexford against the tithe sys'em. Also
a petition from New Ross praying for an equal measure of
Reform in Ireland as was given to England. The
Hon. Member observed that' he was of opinion
his Majesty's Government had shown every disposition to
endeavour to conciliate the people of Ireland upon the
subject of Reform. He then presented petitions from a
Political Union in the county of Wexford, in favour of the
Government plan of education in Ireland ; and from
Lutterworth, against the punishment of death for forgery.
Lord G. BENTINCK presented a petition from the
Governor and Guardians of the poor of the parish of Sc.
Margaret, in the borough of King's Lynn, against the
Bill to alter the law regarding the passing of Irish and
Scotch vagrants. That Bill was of the greatest impor-
tance to sea-ports and border towns. He believgi
that the bill was abandoned for the present session, but -ii
it should ever pass, all sea-port towns would be reduced to
a most lamentable condition.
Lot d W. LENNOX supported the prayer of the petition,
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Lord .MORPETII presented a petition from a Congrega-
t:on of Unitarians at Stainforth, in the west riding of the
county of York, in favour of the Government plan of
ethwatiou in Ireland. Also petitions from Leeds and
Hallifax against the Scotch and Irish vagrant removal hill.
Lord ASHLEY presented a petition from the Coroners
Dorsetshire, praying for an increased allowance by the
Bill now bees the House, reg irding the regulation of the
office of coroner.
.a r 31- r'.. n.l2.lkulti.-,
relative to a better observance of the Lord's day.
Mr. CRAMPTON postponed his motion for bringing
ap the report of the Committee on the Clandestine 'Mar-
riages (Ireland) Bill, until Monday next.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the coach-
makers of Glasgow, against the proposed tax upon steam
carriages; also one from the Marylebone district, pray-
ing for an extension of the time for paying the taxes, in
order to qualify under the Reform Bill ; and one from the
Chamber of Commerce of Belfast, praying for an inquiry
into the state of the Admiralty Court in Ireland. The
petitioners complained that a Belgian vessel, which had
been obliged to put into that port in distress, had been
detained for a debt of 1001., which the agent for
the owners resisted ; he offered security to double the
amount of the debt, but it was not accepted, and the ves-
sel was still detained.
