THE QUEEN.

Mr. LAWLEY presented ;;*---i;ittit;n from Southam, in
Gloneestershire,•prayng; for the, restoration of her Majesty's
name to the Liturgy.—Ordered to be printed.
Sir W. DE CRESPIGNY presented a Petition front Hat-
field, complaining'of the protli.mte -expenditure of his Majes-
ty's Government, and particularly in the Colonial Depart-
ment. The Petitioners had instructed him to state, that
when a Dutch Governor was at the Cape of Good Hope, the
salat v,was only 20001. a year, since which time however, it
bad been so much raised, that the salary of the present Go-
vernor was rn, less than 14,0001.—(Hear, bear!)—The whole
system of expenditure in the Colonies proceeded on the saute
extravagant principle, and under these circumstances, how
could any expectations be entertained that the national tits-
tress would dimitrish—(Hear, hear !)—The Petitioners also
instructed hint to pray, that her Majesty's name should he
restored to the Liturgy; and that an inquiry should he insti
toted into the improper conduct of his Majesty's Ministers,
throng limit the whole of the proceedings against the Queen.
The omission of her Majesty's name from the Liturgy, the
Petitioners deeMed to be as illegal as would have been the
omission of the name of the King ; and they also considered
-it as having placed her bona fide at a state of excommullica-
lion. Ministers might say, that that was absurd, because her
Majesty bad since received the sacrament ; butt that was by
no means a satisfactory answer. Of this he was persuaded,
that in Roman Catholic countries, a similar exclusion of a
Queen Consort front the prayers of the people would be con-
sidered a sentence of excommunication.

On the.motion that the Petition be brought up,
Sir R. FERGUSSON bore testimony to the accuracy of the
statement made by the Petitioners, with respect to the Cape
of Good Hope. The present exorbitant salary of the Giver
nor was one of those wasteful measures to which his Majesty's
Ministers resorted solely for the sake of patronage—;Hear,
• hear !)—On the first arquiSition of the Cape of Good llope,
Sir James Grey, a most ,!istinguished officer, perfoimed the
double duties of Military Commander arid Civil Governor.
Sir James Grey wrote home to say, that he considered 3,0001.
a most ample salary for the Civil Governor. Since that
period nothing had occurred to render a larger shun necessary,
and therefore,- he (Sir R. Fergusson) could not but consider
the amount of the present salary to be a most flagrant abuse.
—(Hear, bear !)—The Pelition was then brought up, read,
and ()Herod tube printed. fi
Mr. S. WHITBREAD presented a. Petition from the inha-
bitants of St. Anne's, Limehouse, condemning what they
considered the apparent determination' of Ministers to con-
tinue the exclusion of her Majesty's name from the Liturgy.
Also similar Petitions from the Town of Bromley, and front
the Parish of St. Loke.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. CALVERT presented a Petition from the Vestry.
men of St. John, Southwark, to the same effect. The Peti-
tioners complained, that,after a long arid afflicting war, there
appeared to be no prospect of diminution in our expenditure,
or of extension in our commerce. They, considered the 'con-
duct of his Majesty's Miiristers, in their proceedings against
the Queen, to he calculated to enslave the country, and to
bring the Royal Family into contempt. They also prayed for
Reform in Parliament, and an: extension of the elective
franchise.

Sir It. WILSON bore testimony to the respectable character
of the Petitioners. With respect to that. part of the Petition
which conveyed censure upon Ministers-,, he fur one was pre-
pared to say, that if they would concede the poi ht of the re-
storation of her Majesty's UlfUlle to the Liturgy, be should
consider that as an act of amnesty, and he inclined to hold
out the olive brinich.—The Petition was ordered to ho
printed.

Mr. WILT.IAMS presented a Petition from the lioromigh of
Eye 9 praying fur the restoration of her- Majesty's name to
the Liturgy.
Mr. HUME gave notice, that on Friday "next he should
move for the Ordnance Estimates. Also, that on Wednes-
day, the 21st, he sh,uld move for ilemurtes of the Revenue
and Expenditure of the lonian Isles. lie presented a Petition
for the restoration of the Queen's tram,. to the LAU gy, front
certain Weavers, Inhabitants of EdinimOrgh.
Mr. BERNAL•preseuteet a Petition from •the City of Lin•
coin, which in the space of three days had been, sigi!ed by
1030 persons, praying for the restoration of her Majesty's
naine to the Liturgy, and fur a Reform io Parliament. Time
Hononrahle and Learned Gentleman explained the circum-
starlet s which had induced the Pet itiom,ers to place the Peti-
tion in his hands, and argued very-ably in stspport of the
double prayer of the Petition.

. .
On the motion that the Petition be brought up,
Mr. SIB I?OIIPE heartily concurred' with the Hotiottraltle
and Learned Gentleman, in hoping that the HonA6 would
take the Petition into consideration, but begged not to be
understood as by any means pledged to the support of either
of its prayers. He had never yet been able to bring himself to
consider the proceedings against her Majesty unjust,illegal, and
inexpedient; and as to Parliamentary Reform, he ever had
opposed, and trusted he ever should oppose every system,
which, under the pretence hfßeforin, threatened to endanger
the best principles of oar Constitution.
Mr. R. SNIITH entirely concurred in that part of the Pe-
tition winch prayed fur the restoration of her Majesty's name
to the Liturgy, nor the plain ground, that as a lawyer, he
could see no legal or constitutional justification of the expo)...
sion of her name from it.—(Hear, hear '..)—To the I ion
of Parliamentary Refturn, he owned that he always looked
with snore apprehension of evil than hope of good ; and he had
determined not to accede to any propnsitiun on that subject,
the consequences of which he dill not clearly foresee. 'floe
hundreds of l'etitions in which'Parliamentary Reform anti her
Majesty's exclusion from the Liturgy. were coupled, showed
how tonfortunately the latter occuirence bad excited the peo-
ple with respect to the former object. There was not through-
out the, kingdom a more quiet, -orderly, and Well disposed po-
pulation than that of the City of Lincoln ; and to his certain
knowledge hundreds had signed their names tolhe present
Petition who entertained a sincere respect for Royalty. and
were indignant at the way in which the dignity of the Royal
Family had _beet) compromised by his Nlajesty's
(Hear, hear')—,\ wise Government would hare endeavoured
to conciliate 'such persoos,' and not to set up the votes of
the House of Commons agaialt law, and what he (Mr. Smith)
believed to he the general feeling Of the people throughout
the kingdom.—(Hear.
The Petition was then brought up, read, and ordered.to be
printed.
Sir It. HERON presented a Petition from the inha)oitants
of Holditch, to the Same effect. One of the individuals whose
signature was affixed to the petition had been opon.the Grand
Jury at the late Qmarter Sessions for Spalding, where he had
signed what was r:allo d a Loyal Declaration. But when he
afterwards found, that it contained he libel- tio• his fellow
countrymen, and that its object was to uphold a totter-
ing irnd a factious administration, hi Saw through the

•
delusion which had been practised upon bin; and signedt,
present petition.
Mr. PELHAM suPpurted the petition. If the Noble Lord
thought :he was supported by the ,largest portion of the re-
spectable freeholders of the county of Lincoln, he was mis-
taken.- There was an almost general wish amorigst tinier for
a change of Administration.--(Hear, hear, from the Opposi-
tion )- Because. then they expected to have a change of mea-
sures. The petition was ordered to be printed..
•: • NAPLES. •
Sir It. WILSON repeated the- question ptit yesterday to
his Majesty's • Ministers. by-Lord John Russell, namely,
Whether they had recti•ord any Manifesto or Declaration on
the part of the Allied Sovereigns, hostile to the independence
of Naples ? • - •
. Lard CASTLEB.F.AGH's answer was very imperfectly
heard in the Gallery, 'in consequence of considerable noise
and confusion, occasioneol by -1 he violent :and unjustifiable
intrusion of a strangcrinto the seat whiclr is by-courtesy ap-
propriated to the gentlnittn. who report ,the proceedings of
the House of Commons. As far as:We coulrt understand the
Noble Lord, he stated, that although his Majesty's Govern-
ment had received comminrications of; what was, -passieg be-
tween the Mioisters of the different Powers in question, they
had not received any intelligence whatever of the nature
alluded to by the Gallant General. We believe the Noble
Lord added, that if any intelligence of that., tature should
reach his Majesty's Government, it would be immediately
communicated to Parliament
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH, in- consequence of what had
fallen frum the Noble Lord, and of the present critical state
of affairs in Naples, wished to postpone his motion for Papers.
illustrative of the unprovoked and it religious attack of the
Holy Alliance on the liberties and independence of .the Nea:
idiums, from Thursday next, to to-morrow (this day)
se'nnight.
Sir R. WILSON, after some prefatory remarks on the cruel
and impolitic conduct of Ministers towards her Majesty, in
the course of which he observed, that if they persisted, they
world neglect the maxim, that authority which depended on
strength was in the hands of many, but that authority which
depended on opinion was Ist the hands of a few, presented a
petition from the Mechanics and other Inhabitants of the lio-
rough of Southwark, praying fur the restoration of her Ma-
jesty's name to the Liturgy.
On bringing the petition up to the Table, the Honourable
Gentleman himself unrolled it, to exhibit its length, which
appeared to be fifteen or twenty yards. This circu►nstance
excited much mirth in the House.—The petition was ordered
to he printed.
LUSHINGTON presented a Petition, signed by ten
Clergymen of the Established Church. The Petitioners stat-
ed, that they had always been taught to believe that the Act
of Uniformity regulated the performance of Divine Service in-
all respects; and that the power of the Crown, in -ecclesias-
tical matters, was entirely limited and circumscribed by it.--
He (Dr. Lushington) entirely agreed with .the petitioners,
that the Act of Uniformity had so limited and circumscribed
the power of the Crown, which, in his opinion, was prevented
from ❑taking an iota of alteration in the Book of Common
Praver(Hear; hear 1)—If this Were not so—if the Crown,
by means of an Order in Council, could make any alteration
in the established form of divine worship; it would be diffi-
cult to say where the. exercise of that power might stop,.
Hr could conceive no doctrine more fatal to the Established ,
Church, ur more pregnant, with' national evil than such' a
supposition. And why ? Llndbohtedly under the reign of
our late revered Sovereign, theie was no danger of arty such
consequences. It was also true, that in his present Majesty's
reign, no such evil was to be`apprehended. lint tyhu could
tell whether—as James the Second desited to os•crthrow the
Established Church by the introduction of Popery—some fu-
ture King. in his latter days, having spent his youth in pro-
fligacy and debauchery, might not be wheedled and deluded
by that class of religious enthusiasts, called Methodists, and,.
0-011.1 the influence oft heir fanatiCism, be temptettte Mulcts-
ronr to introduce into the service of the Established Church

that which, in his. (Dr. Lushington's) opinion, would be
attended with much greater civil than any Roman Catholic
doctrines.—(Hear, hear!)—ln the Petition there was not
one word of violence—not a word disrespectful to that
House. The Petitioners relate the state of their feelings with
respect to the tota,ure of the Liturgy, and conclude by praying
that the House would take into its most serious consideration
the agitated state in which the warship of the Church of Etta;-.
land stands; and that it would restore to the Church that
peace and concord so necessary to the welfare of the esti-
Wished Religion-. The petitioners state, that by the 55th
canon they are compelled to pray for the Queen—(Hear,
heir o—by that canon they are solemnly directed to pray fur
the Queen by name—(Heat, hear !) and yet, by the Order of
the King in Council, t try are exist essly prohibited frontyray-'
ing for the Queen--7(Hear, hear !)—That most unfortun,re
and illegal measure iotrodneed nothing but confusion in
vine service, and excited he most unbotindeddisgust through-
out the counts y.
Mr. LOCKHART said, that according to the plain words
of the Act of Parliament the Order its Council Appeared to be
it was not less so with. reference to history and pre-
cedent. .1 he forcible arguments which had been urged on
that side were combated by the Law Officers of the• Crown by
nicety, anti subtill)' of reasonitig,—((!ear l)--hy • precedents
which did -not in any way bear upon the subject—(Hear,
hear!)—The statute., appeared to him to be directory—it
appeared to he, more than director Y—it appeased to be a
mandatory statute—(Har !),.--Butif it left, as was contended,
a discretionary power, then ought the law in reference to the
Queen to tie construed in the most favourable, instead of the
Severest manner; otherwisethestatute should be looked upon
as a statute, penal in its nature. Of all judgments, that to
an honourable and feeling mind was the must abhorrent,
which was called an infamous judgment ; that judgment,
wisich took away the character of the party, which excluded
him front the pale. of virtuous and honourable society. If,
instead of being mandatory, the statute was penal, it ought it,
he construed favourably—eonstrited as an man
would construe it, on a fair pisrusal, and not upon nice
subtle grounds. They -had a blaze of eloquence on the sub-
ject, from the advocates on both sides, hot no man would
say, that if the statute were put into the hands of a plain roan,
be would not construe it in a manner different from Ministers.
The Hots. Cent. atterObSt!rVing that the exclusion of her Ma-
jesty's naille from the Liturgy was most unconstitutional, and
formed a dangerous precedent,as regarded the succession,oh-
served, that with respect to the opinions so positively pro-
nounced by the Attorney and Socitor General on that. point,
the rerutat:on, anti, for aught he knew, the political existence
of those -Gent ;eines) depended on the question. ' He coin.:
plained that Ministers had licit taken the advice of the Twelve
Judges ; instead of which they depended solely on the Law
Officers of the Crown ; they dial so most improperly, because
higher and better advice might have beets . had and acted on.
The Houourabir Gentleman concluded by saying, that lie had
intended to move iss an amendment to the motion of Mr.
that the question should stand until the advice of the
Twelve Judges were taken; but he anticipated that Ult. result
at that night's deliberation would render any step sin his p'art

Mr. HAIIBORD sad, he complained not merely of her
Majesty not being prayed for, but of her being preached
against--(hoar, hear l';—That indecent practice prevailed—
he! had the misfortune of having witnessed it.— (Hear, hear,
hear!)-It was rlie shameless introduction of politics into the
Divine Service.—(Hear, hear !)—lt was most disgrac,M) to
those who intioduced them. There were sonic Gentlemen
present in that. House who were present on the occasion to
which he alluded, and wholeit, as he did, the utmost disgust
and indignation at conduct so unworthy and indecent.
A M Emaiitt, whose nano• we could not learn, said, that no
later than last Sunday he had been present-doting Disioe
Service at a public parish church not far off, where it was
publicly -rated in the course of the sermon, that those wilt)
encouraged popular feelings were acting immorally and irre-
ligiously, and that those who did not obey and reverence Go-
vesnment, woe acting against the decrees of the Almighty.—
The Petition was ordered tee be printed.
KING'S LYNN.'
Dr. LUSHINGTON presented a similar Petition frmn the
Town of King's Lynn. He would take that. opportunity of
stating as a tact, that a Cleigyman, who stood remaiiab'e for
the active part he had taken against the Queen. had y
cont., s'ed that, one third of his parishioners had left ,the
church.—(Hear, beat Petitioners stated, that the
distress acid discontent which pret•ailed throughout lb, Coon-
try wits to be mainly attrilioted to the:ignorance, obstiTliley„
and inanity of, M inlet ert ‘Hear, hear 1 and Lyghtrr:,,n t iii,
Ministetial 5i11,).--He did, front . the b,;titiju of his hi a,t,
agree_in that sentiment.—l Hear, hem- the—Crondat .of
the Ministers, and to the rtrfective state. ur.-,the nepryrentee,•..
tion, did he attritihtethe'national misfortunes. If thee' voice
of the pcolqe had hesu heard within the walls of tliat house,

- •
;:. J.
they would 13;t now be -troubled with the present..q?e4 stion.
It was, however,- to be hoped, ft-I:At-in time to etritielUntethititc
like respect would be paid.tOt feeling---Lsoxpething like
sympathy wont," be found to exist.hetween thak House and
the nation.
Mr. It. MARTIN said,,that if the HontnitableidndlAarned
Gentleman should cool ititte to deaf, in, sk4li
.broad assertion
against Ministers, tiis veracity.woulif beliible to be questioned
-.=(Cries, of order, ordet !)-211te'llonodrable Gentleman
contended, that he was not but of order;; that was not vera-
city which was not true.--(llepeated cries, of order, order!)
The SPEAK ER said...that. Ite thought Honimiable
ember was itt the first instance sinnewlillt out of order; lint
hu had no doubt hut that the exolafittien of the Honotvrable.
Member was highly disorderly--:'A iauglr). • „- • ,
• Mr. MARTIN said, be received the. decision of the_Speatier
in the mutt humble and penitentialr-.!anner--4A faugli4
Thu Petition was inderet; to. be printed.
.. CITY OF LONDOn.
Mr. Alderman WOOL) presented a similar:Petition 'from
the Corporation of the City of- Lendort.- 1-I.un. Alderman
observes!, that that body was -the firstt-to cugratulare, hec
Mateo y on hec.escape fr,un a fextrier cons,Pirric.-(Hear, hear;.
Mr. T. WILSON. said; that the Petition itutstit;(l to Mi-
nisters conduct so infamous that if it were true- he ii•ouhl •
feel himself degraded, by remaining in,his present neighboir,-
tiood—(A laugb).'. He believed it was write, and that the
Noble Lord and his Colleagues acted from conscientious mo-
tives. He had heard much very ably urged on -the questiOn
of the Liturgy, but whether it was front the want of corn-•
prchension—(Hear, heat', hear f)—or not, he certainly- went
away unconrineed. He thought her Majestv.was entitled to
all the !wick; of the proceedings in another place having.
been dropt ; !lit when he looked to:the :answers she gave co
Certain Addresses—when be read her Lefler to • the kin t,
and the,,communication which she bad sent down- to that
House, he could not help Saying, that. though she-had in the
latter document field forth Words of peace, there was'ver y
little connect ion,between those words and her realientiments.
He had one , observation mote to make on the Petition—it
broached .doctrines of Reform—,No, Ytn!;•.-What ! no Re.,
form—(Latightir)—lie would not trouble the House further.
Mr. BERNAL could nut suffer the obseivations of the Ho-
nourable Member to pass unnoticed. He seemed entirely. to
have. forgotten what had passed in . that fionso for several
years. For several V'ears the most odious and unjustifiable.
attacks had been made on the bonohr, the dignity nod:cha-
racter of the Queen—(Hear, hear !)—lie was not snrpriacd
that her Majesty had I efusod the. provision wide!) that !ionic
bad offered; convinced as she was of .her innocence, she di.-
-landed her rights ; to have accepted of ,t hat provision would
'are been derogatory to her dignity and injurious. to her re-
titation.—The Petition was oreirre'd to be printed.
THE LABOURING CLASSES.

- Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a similar pi `lt inn from tlit
Industrious Classes of the City of London ; wirielt was or-
dered to be printed.
• BOROUGH OF NORTHAMPTON,
Sir G. ROBINSON said he had a siniikir petition to pre,-
sent from the Borough which he had the horiotir to -represent.
That petition was preferred by his 'constituent's in consir-.
queue(' of the determination of his Majesty's Ministers not to
meet the wishes of the people—not to retrace the injustice
which they had done to the Queen. He rejoiced that hr
Majesty, with the magnaoinhity of her noble ancestors, had
rejected the offers of that Hort:e, whilst an act of degradation.
remained against her. She refused, ou two memorable occa-
sions, to barter her honour fora bribe—(llc ,a1!)---She boldly
rejected these bribes, as theywete basely tiler. d ; but he trust-
ed that the generous people of England wool! nut allow their
Queen-'-a woman endeared for her magnaohnlty and her Mk--
fortlines, to be starred into-a comp:iance with the wishes' of
Ministers.—CLond Cheers.)—lt was a new thing in 17.niciatal
to see the declared %like of the people treated aith contempt ;
and yet it was not without reason that county meetings wire
looked upon as a -.farce, for if they were not so, Ministers
wroth, not be still in their plates.—(Hear, hear :)—The Pe-
tition was ordered to he printed.

•
Mr. G. 111.7N13AS presented 'a similar Petition front
Parish in Berkshire. The Petitioners also complained of the
great distress which pressed tipon the agrii:nlturists. After
the fact of the cliert'lei haring-.been in a great
measure abandim•eil by the people, the Tionoitrtible Mcnibe,-
s3id, he hoped that Mini•terA would restore the coligregatiwx
to their elturches—(llear, hear ')-,71.1e Petition was ordered
to be printed.

St.ANDREW'S, 1101.801'.N--St.GEORGE TH ii RTYR,

Mr. HonnousE presented' three Petitions fair
an object similar to-that of the preceding Teti-
! Lions. The first Petition was from the inhabi-
tants of the
_parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.—,
This Petition, the Hon. Member stated, would
not have, been presented, but for •the 'circus.-1-
stance of what is Balled a loyal Address having
been got up at a meeting which was stated to be
numerous and respectable. He thought that the
Ministers ought. to be informed of the true state
of public opinion : for he really- believed that,
from their late conduct, it was impossible for
them to have been fully. .acquainted with that
opinion. The fact was, that with reference to
the parish in question, out of a parish containidg
7 or 8,000 houses, only 123 signatares were pro-
cured to that Loyal Address in the first instance,
and he would give the .House a Specimen of the
proies‘ions and situations in life of sone of these.
123.—There was the Secretary of Lunatics—A
Laugh),—the father of the Secretary of the Mas-
ter of the nolls, the Solicitor of Stamps, a King's
Coansel, the Chief Commiisioner of the Insolvent
Debtors' ~Court, the Secretary of Fees, six or
seven Tax-gatherers, the Landlord of the house
at which the meeting was held, a Cashier of the
13a:.)k.—(Laughter.)—Gentlemeli might lane) ;
b'ut Ile could assure'them, that the inhabitants of
a parish containing 40,000, thought it no langhin 'flatter for a _body of persons to meet in secret
,
' and attempt to disseminate their'own opinion as
that of the parish 'at large.. However, the Loyal
Gentlemen afterwards gave a dinner' at which,
,of course, several Clergymen attended. In con-
sequence of this Loyal. Addressn large pubiL.,
meeting was held by adVertiseinent ; and the
Petition which he then held in his band was
agreed to ; and its language would do ho-
nour to that of any member of that Asietn-
bly. Here, he trusted,. it would not he
thought disorderly in him to refer to an ex-
pression of 'the Noble LOrd opposito,on a pre-
vious night. 'The Noble Lord, to explain the
conduct of Foreign AmbaOadors to the Quee:s
While she Was abroad, had stated that it was
itti-
possible for the representative of his Majesty to
sit ‘on'one 'side of the 'Queen, while a certaln in-
dividual was sitting on the Other.' It should be
rerollected, that at the' time in question that in-
dividual Was not a Cou.ier ; he had been pro-
moted.-11e. (Mr. H.) would- hardly suppds'e
that any oh wouldjection be made to that indi-
vidual on the ground of tie obscurit y of his hilt!) :
for•there were many instances in this country 'of
persons' having risen from the lowest sta'tions,in
Ve, to those of the highest honours in the Go.
VerllCOente mesh than all other court,
tries, bad, always been memorable for a disregard
-of that 'prejudice- so generally imbibed against
lowly birth. The lion. 7.',lemb"r then adverlt,d

to The subiect of Parliamentary Reform ; and ob-
served that that cause had ever been warmly sup-
ported by the Noble Lord opposite. The lion.
Member here read a paper, dated FM,. signed
by the Noble Lord, pledging himself to support
a Bill for amending the representation of the
people. To that Noble Lord he would say, in
the language of Pym to Lord Strafford, that the
penple Would never leave him so long as lie had
'a head upon his shoulders; though he (Mr. H.)
wanted neither his head nor his place. lie would
.beg to remind the Noble Lord of the expression
of ,the.great___Lord Chathana,Twhen speaking of
th-at 'cc. If' this. House" said that Noble
,4-4.-Witluot-reforn itself within, it will
,':niitely be re.forMed,from.without." 'The Noble
I.,ord.haitsa-.solenm...warning- from the people al-
Host -every aii=ght-; and most sincerely did he
that his Lordship and his. col-
12agnes,wouldtake'that warning; and would-be,
gin the work.olConcillation_hy restoring her Ma-
jeaty.'s, narne.tcethe Liturgy.
LOrti Eacit said., he should, offer but
a, ~‘,cry feW: words;:.and those upon only one of
4. the. topics touched upon in the Hon.• Member's
spreCh. it will that which related to the sup-
poSed stipport which he had ziven in early life
to the cause of Pailiamentary Reform. The pa-
per read- by ~the Honourable Member referred
to. a- .iteform ire . the Commons, and he ad-
mitted, that if the Irish Parliament existed with
the state •of things. which then existed also, he
would: support a Bill for the Reform of•that Par,
liarnent, though he believed he never should ar-
. rive -at that standard or excellence of the Hon.
Member=indiVitinal Suffrage and Annual Par-
liaMents. It was in consequence of a law paSsed
in the Irish Parliament, conceding the Election
Franchise to the Irish Catholics, that he declared
he never for the future would support the cause
of. Parliamentary Reform in that country.
Mr, Hortiobsa explained. •
Sir JOJIN NEWPORT said, that the Noble Lord
supported the cause of Parliamentary Reforni
until he got into office, and then he supported it
rso-longer.—(A laugh, and cries of hear, hear !)
—The Noble Lord had indeed advocated the
cause of a Radical Reform in the Irish Parlia-
rrr'nf, for he had _ left Ireland without a Podia-
ment.—(Hear, hear.)—He had severed the Par-
Lament from the People, and consequently the
Parliament fell.--(Cheers.)—lt was an awful
lesson Tor that House ; for the same person was
pursuing the same course with the Parliament of
Pngland.—(Cheers :from the Opposition.)—lle
Lad ObServed the Noble Lord from his entrance
into public life; and he felt a strong conviction
'that the measures of the Noble. Lord
_would bring
the. country to destruction.—(Hear, hear, hear !)
Lord CA3TLERF.AGii explained. He meant not
the least disrespect to the Right Hon. Baronet,
but he certainly should not break his heart be-
cause the Right Hon. Baronet did riot approve of
hirmeasures.—(A laugh.)—He was content that
posterity should decide upon his conduct, and he
had no fear that the opinion of the Right Hon.
i3.aronet would influence that of.posterity. lie
could assure the Right Hon. Baronet, that upon
-tbe Tresente,ubject he (Sir John Vewport) was in
.a confounded scrape.(Laughter.)--The Right
"Hod: Baronet 'had said that he (Lord Castle-
reagh) had given up his opinions on Parliamen-
la'ry Reform on getting into office. Now. the
fact was, that he had publicly declared he should
Jig: longer support the cause of Parliamentary
Reform, at least five years before he was in any
;way connected with the Government. With this
explanation, he would leave it .to the House to
form an opinion of the candour of the Right Hon
baronet's statement.

Mr. MARTIN (of Galway) said, he would re-
fer the Right Hon. Baronet to an authority which
could not be disputed-0-12a of the late Mr. Pon-
sonby. Mr. Ponsonby had declared he would
suppori the cause of Parliamentary Reform in
Ireland, but that on no account would he consent

to a I Reform of the House of CommonS of Eng-
land, vshich he thought really and truly repre-
sented the people.—(A laugh from the Opposi-
tion.)—lte could assure the House lie heard it
with-his ears.—(Latigliter, in the course of which
tY.-! Ifen. Member sat down.)
Petition Was then brought up, and on the
question being put that it should be read,
Sir .TpuN NEWPORT rose in explanation.—The
Hon.. Member opposite had spoken of the ad-
riitted for Refoyili in the Irish House
of. Comthons. lie (Sil' J". N.) admitted that ne-

cesity, but he was sure.. that noman had done
more td-render the House in question venal and
coy-re pt than the Noble Lord opposite.
Lord CASTT,EREAGIf rose to order.—ffe had
,hoped Cli,:eßightjHon. Baronet's first warmth had
.sUbsided. He would put it to the House whe-
ther- such . language could be tolerated. His
7...0rd.:di11) repeated that he was never connected
With any party in Ireland, and he considered.the
attack•of the RiOt Han. Baronet; an unworthy
hterfuge.
Sir Joni New:Portz explained again.—After
which. the Peti;ion was .read,
.and ordered to be
oil the tahie and printed.
Mr. II ,u; .then presented two.other.Pe-
titions. tO .t he same effect as the,last Petition ;

ale first. frdin.tile Bricklayers of London and its
e)lvirons;.and the second frOm the Bookbinders
of London and Westininstei..,--Which Petitions
were disposed of in the same manner As, the
former Petitions,

• Sir FIiANCIS 3LAK presented a petition from
13iLs constituents, the inhabitants of Berwick-upon-
Tweed, in Guildhall assembled. 'fife petition
VraS to the same effect as the former petitions;
_ _

and.tbe'lion. Member, after few prefatory ob-
sPivatiOnsaid fie had a question to ask (.?1* li

Tolitjesty's Ministers, 4; which," laid the Hon.
Memher, " whether they answer it now or here-

after, or• not at all, is of little consequence."—
(A. laugh.),--it was, whether if her Majesty's
name had. remained in the. Liturgy at the time of
What was improperly called her technical acquit-
ta-1, they would have expunged it afterwards 1—
iVear,.hear, hear !).
The petition: was supported by the other Iron.
tuber• far Berwick- in a few words, was then
brought up, read, aud, ordered, to lie on the t LW?

&Id be printed'.
Lord Foi.xsToNE gave notice, at the instance

of his iron. Frlend, then absent, the Member for
Appleby (Mr. Creevey), that lie would on-Tues-
day next tqlhatit a motion to the House, relative
to the conduct of the High Sherif of,Cheshire.
Mr. Baotloni)t presented a Petition from the
Inhabitants, Gentry,,,Cl4;u:.gy, and "Freeholders of
Kendal, praying fo,r_,the restoration of the Queen's
name to the Likurgy);';--Qrdi)red-tol?e.printed.
Mc. R. GILANT y presented a
.simitar Petition
from some hart of the Cotinty of Inverness.—Or-
dered to be printed.

RESTORATION OF THE Q'TEEN'S NAME TO TIM

LITURGY.

Mr. J. SMITH, in rising, pursuant to notice, to
ti
_
submit -a !motion, begged to remind the 'louse
`that he had the honour to present a Petition to
them, not .long. since, from a very large and im-
portant body, imploring that House to adopt, in
their wisdom, such measures, as should be the
means of -restoring the country to that tranquil-
lity which it had so long been a stranger to.
That Petition-spoke his own sentiments, and he
acted in unison with them in the motion he was
about to bring forward relative to the restoration-
.of the Queen's name to the Liturgy. In coming
forward on this occasion he-.llas performing a,
part of his duty towards those: Petitioners to
whom that, tranquillity they prayed for was more
important, perhaps, than to any other body
in the kingdom ; ;And these, he solemnly assert-
ed, were his only motives for bringing forward
this motion. Ile was desirous- tp avoid e er y
other topic than that to which his motion directly
referred. It was his duty to express his opi-
uions on recent transactions, and he should ho-
nestly do so, He begged to call the .attention of
the House to that petiiod of the last' year when
the Ministers of the Crown advised his Majesty
to omit the Queen's name from the Liturgy: lie
had endeavoured on many, oecasions to collect,
from the avowal of Gentlemen on the other side
of the House, and particularly from the Noble
Lord (Lord Castlereagh) what were the motives
which induced his Majesty's Government to-
adopt that determination ; but he never had- been.,
able to comprehend their precise reasons for this.
So much had been said. as to the unfairness and
cruelty of this step, under the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, and was so well known and
admitted by all, that he should not urge any
thing in support of that judgment. Although there
was much difference of opinion both in and out
of that House on many points connected with
that subject, ha solemnly protested that he had
never met with-more than one person who-ap-
proved of the measure. It would appear the
more extraordinarY and Incomprehensible, when
the House recollected, that if there was any thing
in which Ministers had explicitly explained their
motives for their conduct, it was in avowing their
decided wish that her Majesty should live abroad.
fie (Mr. Smith) never complained of them for
this. He would have rejoiced if her Majesty
had remained abroad, as all those disturbances
which had of late agitated the nation would have,

been spared. But how had it , happened, that
with this anxious desire, Government had adopt-
ed the only measure which
.could make it.impos-
sible for their wishes to be compliech-Avitb.—
(Hear !)---He had heard, and he be-lieved from
the Noble Lord opposite, himself, that they had
adopted this measure from ,the continuance of
rumours which travellers brought from foreign
countries. lie (Mr. S.) bad heard rumours "in
common with others, both at Paris and in Lon-
don ; but he begged the House particularly to
iemark,that not one of those which he had heard
had been made matter of accusation against her
Majesty. He was justified, therefore, in the in-
ference, that they were totally false. He might
here remark, that persons in high rank were
at• all times, and in all places, liable to
be attacked by calumny. lie must, on the
whole, consider that there could not have
been a worse reason alleged than' thie existence
of rumours for the adoption of this measure.—
. _

It was not his intention to travel into the evi-
dence. It was odious and diSgusting to every
body. Tie begged the House to go along with
him to the moment of her Majesty's trial. That
trial, as they all knew, had occupied a very con-
siderable time, and, at length, in the last stage of
the Bill of Pains and Penalties, the Noble Earl
at the head of the Administration in the other•

[louse found himself in. a majority of nine.—
What the Noble Earl said on that evening, as be
understood, was, that the preamble of the Bill
had been proved, and now under the circum-
stance of so small a majority, he would not press
the Bill any further, and he himself moved the
rejection of it. The true reason why he did not

press it was, that he felt that it never would have
been endured, either by that, Hous-e or the coun-
try, that such a Bill should pass with a majority
of nine. And in what way was that majority
composed ? There were exactly the same num-
ber of Cabinet Ministers, all of whom had a di-
rect personal interest in the They knew
they would be exposed to the insults 'and'
taunts of all mankind had they not abandon-
ed a measure, the majority for which was made
up of nine individuals, who, in the triple capacity
of accuser, judge, and juror, 'had the strongest
personal interest in the conviction of the Queen.

With respect to the opinion delivered by thal
august Tribunal, he should offer a few remarks

because he had heard in that House doctrines
broached utterly in contradiction to the plain
simple rules of justice. it was true that a ma-
jority of nine had been obtained : btit had they
not, a right to suppose that the influence of the
Crown in the other House had'not some influence
in procuring it,? He had not the slightest intention

:0 cast any-reflection on the Noblemen who corn

posed the majority ; but he appealed to the House
if there migit not exist a variety of motives in their
minds calculated to obscure and blind their judg-
mentc ? For example, he would mention a strong
entire confidence in his Majesty's Government,
which might certainly operate in that way. Ano:.
ther circumstance which frequently operated on
the judgment was, the recollection of great favours
and kindness. For an illustration of the effect of
the confidence in Government he had mentioned,
they need nit,go out. of that House. Many were
known to sacrifice their own opinions to those
of the Ministers in whom they placed cone,
fiderice, When, therefore, they ileard it as-

serittl in that House, that the Queen's moral
guilt was established, it amounted to nothing.—
They had no right to draw such art inference
from the transactions of that tribunal., He re-
membered an anecdote of an lion. Gentleman
belonging to that House who was found drink-
ing claret up stairs in former times, and upon
being asked by someone what were his motivesfor
supporting a question then under discussion in
the House, answered with naivete, " I ,don't
trouble myself about the matter, Mr. -Pitt talss
care of that for me." Now the Noble Earl, at
the head of the other House, had also many
Peers in the same- predicament ; and he did not
therefore think that the majority of 9, and of 28,
on the Bill in question, gave any right to any one
to talk of the Queen's moral guilt. - It was con-
trary to all rules of justice, and would not be en-
dured in any ordinary case. In the case of Mr.
Hastings, for instance, what would be said, if
any Gentrtsmart were to get up in that House
after trial, and charge Mr. , Hastings with a
conviction of moral guilt in the transactions of
the Rohillah war, or any other of the matters
which had previously been disposed of by the
trial? Would it be endured, that arts; Gentle-
man, under- .similar circumstances, .should get
up and charge Lord Melville with moral guilt,
who had been acquitted of all guilt ? If such an
attempt wete made, there would be a competi-
tion among his, countrymen in that House to' de-
tend hisscharacter from so foul an attack. Yet
from day to day, and from hods to hour, were
they subjected to hear such attacks made Upon 'a
woman and a Queen ! lie should abstain from
touching upon the more important part of the
question—the legal part, contenting himself with
expressing his conviction, deduced from all ~he
had heard in this House on the subject, that the
omission of her Majesty's name from the Liturgy
was utterly illegal. The only motive, he assur-
ed .the House, which had induced him to give
notice of his present motion, was that an end
might be put to the disturbances and distractions
of the country. On this subject-he had heard
with astonishment, Gentlemen in that House de-
clare that they did -not belieVe the pnblicinterest
on this question was so,great as had, been sense-
seated. He feared that to Gentlemen capable of
doubting this, nothing he could say won Id be °fatly.
avail. They had only to use their eyes and ears to be
sensibleof the intense feeling which prevailed
throughout the ,country. The Queen had re-
ceived many hundred Addresses from many hun-
dred thousand persons. That HOuse had re-
ceived. Petitions on the subject to an amount such
as bad never before been known on any occa-
sion, and the common prayer of all was, that
the Queen's name be restored to the Liturgy.
He (Mr. Smith) was one of those who witnessed
her, Majesty's procession to St. Paul's Cathedral,
and he did not remember ever to have witnessed
anyl thing which made so deep an impression on
his mind. The countless multitudes which he
saw collected together on that occasion in the
metropolis, were in a state of perfect quiet and
repose. By some means they had gotten an idea
that tumult and disorder would be unfavourable
to the cause, of the Queen, and such was their
attachment to her cause; that they repressed all
those feelings which are the invariable coneomi,
tads of all.crowded assemblages. lie then thought
that if such could be the conduct of the people
of this Country, there eras no object they could
not attain. Their Petitions flowed into that
HouSe from all quarters, even from those, which
had never before interfered with politics. He
was then astistiished that Gentlemen on the other
side could imagine that the people of this country
were not excited on this question to a- greater
majority than bad ever before been evinced. He
had heard from some, that although they had ad-
mitted great numbers took part in the interest on
the question, yet they were not of a respectable
description, but only of-those who were averse to
the Government and desirous of changes which
the country and the larger part of that House
deprecated and abhorred. It was said.also tha

all the meetings which had taken place through-
out the country were composed of such indivi-
duals : and the Gentlemen on his side of the
House were charged with having no other view
in advocating this matter than personal emolu-

meat, and the most selfish motives. He might
remind those who expressed these sentiments,
that there were but a small number on that side
of the House who could, derive any benefit from
what they were charged with anticipating. There
were many who, like himself, must remain in

that mediocrity of station which they 'at present
held. There Was, indeed, a small number
who might benefit in the manner alluded to,.

and glad he, was, that there were some Gen-
tlemen on that side who were ready and
willing to take office, as he should think
that country in a bad state if it were not so.
No man in that kingdom was more attached than
he was to the party With which he then sat. Be:
Was so, because he mad not fora_ their con-
•duct, and the great things they had done in
former times, advocating those great principles
which•alone could give happiness to mankind.—
They-had endeavoured to do away that detest-
able bigotry which never wrought any good, and
which had caused so much bloodshed. They
lost their places, but they never would lose the
admiration of all friends to liberty.—(hear,
hear!)—With respect to the public meetings in
the country, to which allusions had often been
made, .he -was convinced they spoke the senti-
ments of the great majority,of the nation ; he

_ .
was convinced that-this was the true state of the-

temper of the country, and he did therefore hope
that his Majesty's Government would accept the
motion' he should have the honour to make, or
would hereafter insert the Queen's name in the

Liturgy, and retrace their steps. He had been
told that the Noble Lord opposite had stated that

is never would hold face at all on the condition

of restoring her Majesty's name to the Liturgy.
On that point perhaps his Lo►dsh'p was the best
judge ; but so far was he from thinking that such
►►n act would have the effect of removing the
Noble Lord from office,. he solemnly protested
that it would confirm him jil possession. Nor dirt

'le see, in that ctent,, any chance 'of any-party in
hat House disturbing the Nob! Lord and his
.riends.. 'Assuring, the Noble Lord, as he did;

Ith-a thi's uasth-e- state of the sentiment! br this
nation on the momentous question, he would ask
him, whether the situation of the country was
such as to enable him-to d- spice the public voice ?
it was not his wish to draw a gloomy picture.—
Notwithstanding the distressed state of the agri-
cultural classes was very great, it wits not so
great as was represented. ''-~They were depressed
beyond all former exatrlp.;_afid he asked was
it xor.t.h w hrhicto .
tikem by tn ruing 4-deaf
ear to thyi_r..' tavei•s foo..tht. restoration he'r Ma-
jesty's name to the Liturgy ? With respect to
their commerce, he was not one who believed
they were ruined. He knew fully the depressed
state it was in, and feared it would contiane.—
With respect to the internal politics of the coun-
try, there were many questions which must
be agitated shortly in that House; on which
the country and they were greatly at issue. The
Poor Laws, for instance, could not be long put
off, and when it did come, they would here
occasion for all the kindness, good sense, and
good humour the country could afford. lie should
:be glad to hear that their external relations were
not in the sarne situation. They were told that
there would he a continuance of peace, but they
could not shut their eyes on' what was passing.—
There were two great principles-contending for
mastery at this moment in Europe—a good and a
had principle—liberty and slavery ! Would 'the
Noble Lord opposite 'assure them that this coun-
try would not be called upon again to stand in
the breach made. by the tyranny of one great
over-ruling despot ?by
there no great Monarch
in Europe who held hundreds of thousands of
soldiers in training ? And • should such an occa-
Sion-arrive as he adverted to, would they not re-
quire all the good-humour, energy, and patriotism
Of the nation ? Ile did, therefore, think that it
was the worst policy at the :present moment
either to put the country out of humour, or to
.keep it in that. state. He had no hesitation in
saying that a!! :those parades, processions, anti
disturbances in theeountry which-were complain-
ed of, would continue to increase till Ministers
gave in to the wishes of the people. The lion.
Gentleman concluded by moving the following
Resolution :—" ThiS house having taken into
" consideration the circumstance of her Majesty's
" name not being inserted in the Prayers, Col-
" lects, and Litanies of the Church. Service, and
" also the numerous Petitions from the people,
" complaining- of the omission, is of opinion, that
" it is highly expedient, under all existing cir-
" cumstances, that her Majesty's name should be
" now inserted in all the Prayers; Collects, and
" Litanies aforesaid, and that such a measure
" would greatly tend to remove the discontents
" existing on that subject in the public mind."
Mr. TENNYSON seconded the motion which his

Honourable Friend had introduced With so much
dearness and perspicuity. The Honourable
Gentleman immediately entered into an exami-
nation of the legal merits.of the question. His
Honourable and Learned Friend opposite (Mr.
Wetherell) had Made it too apparent.to be doubt-
ed by any, thatalthough the. King was the undoubt-
ed Head of the Church by the common law and
by title, yet in a spiritual and temporal capacity
he was baund by this Statute. By the. Act of
Uniformity it was established oil a tirm basis, that
the. names of all the. Royal Family mid Royal
Progeny should be inserted in the LitargY; being
changed from time to time to lit the- occasion.—
This Act was founded on some Canons issued in
1803 at the accession of King James, which or
dained that the Church should more especially
pray for King James, Queen Anne, the Noble
Prince and Princess, and the rest of the Royal
Family. In order to throw some light on the
meaning of the clause in the Act of Uniformity
relating to.the Royal- Family, he begged to call
the attention of the hiOuse to. the following
fact relative to the Act. Catherine of Portu-
gal was proposed as Consort to King James,
about the time that this Act was in agitation,
and she was actually present at the Bar of the
House of Lords, on the IDth Mar, 1662, to hear
the Royal Assent given to it. Two months after
the King was married to Catherine, and this was
enough to show that this was contemplated
by the Legislature in framing the clause re-
!min to the Royal Family and Royal Progeny.
No one coming within this description from the
time of the .passing of this Act to the present time
had been omitted in the Liturgy. With respect
to the Consort of George the First, he was

ling to give the benefit of that to the other side

ft had already heen most satisfactorily explainet
try the lion and Learned Merni)er fOr litiares•

borough (Sir J. Mackintosh). There was every
reason to suppose that George the First Was di-
vorced at the time he ascended the.throne, and
he hoped Ministers would, in the course of that

night's debate, state how the fact was If there
was any truth in the' story of his having Married
the Duchess of Kendal, it must, otherwise, have
been a left-handed marriage, which' there was

reason to presume the laws of GermaBy would

not recognise. The King and Privy Council, he
contended, were bound to devote one of the

blanks left in the liturgy, attached to the Act of
Uniformity, to the Queen Consort. The King
and Privy Council had not the power to omit
names as they pleased, according to caprice, or
prejudice, but were to change the names, and fill
up the blanks, as fitted to the occasions: It was
a subterfuge to say that the Queen was pra ved
for in the Prayer for the Royal Family. the
whole of his argument went to show that the
Queen Consort must be prayed 'for by- name ;
and if the Act itself did not distinctly point that.
out, wage certainly did. The non-compli,
ance of the present Administration with this
•

usage, was inflicting a punishment rs hich, to
the people at large, appeared very much like
vindictive feeling on their part. The people.
were convinced that this act was the suggestion
of disappointed men. It proceeded from a
contempt for the feelings and the interests of the
Country, for its morals and religion, and for
judicial authority. They had now Only.to.con-
sider what compensation they could make forsuf-

,-rings which they were bound to consider were

unjustly inflicted. If thtt Mitii,iers persisted
ti rJusing_to restore the Queer's itameto
14'turgy, it would he. a pertinacity in error:whici
:cold only instire to themselves- dishonour ant

defeats asp well as degradation to the dignity of
the Crown. Let diem approach the Throne with
their humble entreaties. The King had no doubt
been grossly deceived ; and had the omission
never been made, her nariie certainly would not
be erased ,at the present'smoment. And if it
wo7:1(.1 not, he asked by what course of reasoning;
by evhat rhetoric, or what chain of caristry4could
his •IVlajesty's Ministers reconcileetheAcontineiance
s.of the-ornisiou? yd'hliere It d' mhigled political
considerationsand, lignant passions with re-
ligious feelings. He hought it ought to be pa
rIN
'trilling consideration to risk even a temporary
secession front the National Church-; and it was
something-to risk the continuance of the present
discontents. The whole Country- were looking
to the vote of that night as to their only, bent -of
retaining their grasp on the Laws and the Con-
stitution. In voting for the motion or his Hon:
Friend, he conceived he was dischargieg a sacred
duty which lie owed to the Public, to the Crowe,
and to that House.
Mr: LEGGE addressed the House. lie coll.;
fessed that lie had always regarded the omission
of .the Queen's name from the Liturgy as ill-ado
Vise& and inexpedient, although he 'did not
doubt that his Majesty's Ministers had advised
that act from a sense of duty. At the same time
he thought the original insertion of her. Majesty's
name had 'been much over-rated. It would not;
in his opinion, have been a mark of peCuliar
grace and favour, as it could only be coesidereti
to be in compliance with the'eseneral eesttnes-e.
and,the effect otthe omission was not such as td
dispose the minds of the peep-le of the country'/
adverse to her Majesty. Oe the contrary, she had
gained .a great many partisans by it. From the
impression on his mind, after aft he had heard in
that House on-the, subject, he did not consider
the omission as illegal. No Hon. Member would
say that her Majesty had not been prayed for h(
all the loyal, when included in the prayer for the
whole ifoyal Family. With respect., to the late
proceedings against her Majesty ie the House of;
Lords, he could not bring his mind to
.conceive
that any Ministers of the Crown, in the nine-
teenth .century, could so far retrograde towards
the dark ages, as to advocate strch a case against"
the Queen, with the support of hired witnesses-
The grounds of his opposition to the present 0 o•
tion, were the Queen's letter to the King, 'sind
her answers to' addresses.—(Hear, hears heat 9
--elle, cared not whether she excited the-reep!e
of the country under the denomination of " ner
subjects," or note it was on the broad general
tenor of her answers that he-grounded his ob-
jection. it had been said, allowances ought td
be made for the Queen's feelings-, he was win-
ine to admit. that, but lie could not grant that
this allowance could be extended to a series °`,
publications tending to inspire hostility to everY'
institution whiCh was dear to the natives of thi4
country.—(Heer, hear.)-e, He 'could not agree
that this allowance should be extended to a. let'
ter ei Inch reviled the Sovereign, and strove t"
set the people in array against. Parliament."'
(Hear, hear l)--s-He Can Id assure the Hon. Mef°'
ber who brought forward this motion, that if the
Queeses name had been. originally inserted in the
• 'Attire!, those publications would be sullicie"t'
in his opinion,. to warrant its erasere.-011r;
hearl)-e-Under these' eircuM:stanees, he assetgfra
that the restoration of her Majesty's'name I'oll
be repugnant to the wishes of the great mejorite'
of the nation ; and carrying up •an Address iio
the Crown, founded on this Resolution, won i
be au unauthorisable interference with the 11.0.)°.
prerogative, derogatory to the dignity of the
Crown, and injurious to.the best interests of time •
country.—(Heas !)
Mr. C., NV. 'Wye:NE regretted that he had iwt'
at an earlier period of the Session, been able ta
0,
catch the Speaker's' eve. He . had, hoWev°
been gratified by hearing theoaf:
excellent- speech
the Hon. Member for Oxford (Mr. Peel) 0a ..
former fflAt. with Ill?
, ,
1 t I's
which entirely coincided
own sentiments. -Although he Along 1 le r
jestv's Ministers -to blame in much, yetsise (73"'
not think it amounted to their deServiug to !If
denounced by Parliamentary_ censure. Ile re
ct 10,4
gret e
ted the conduct pursued towrds the ee's -,
in some instances—he regretted that no noeiftca
Lion had been !Jive)) to her of the' death ofhe
t
late King, 'and still more did he . regret that 710,
eoMmunication had been made.to her on the 0(
fio
casion of her daughter's.death.. This was t
so
which, in his Opinion,-could have occurred to ,
private family, wirutver the conduct of the ro;ie
ther might have. been.- lie, however, 'evitilet_r_
stated this, could not see- that the Act of is,vd
foruiity required that the name of the Qu' or ,
should be inserted in the Liturgy as a matter
id 4
right. He had looked into the Act, and folti,e.
no mention of the Queen -in- it butinthat Clat°l:,,,
which gave the King the 'power of chatgin';, to
minesfrom time to time. He then refer'reuvos
'several cases, to sheet- that. ine insertion was the
called for from immemorial custom, or fo° thee
,stream of precedent. It. was- ,opfloitaLwil -„i,:4,
Sovereign to change the names at his nIW a
r- e tai--
-Thi was *seed.. freni• the' in trotittaion O' „,1
'name of the Elector Palatine. on or:p occv 30, :I:
- ~. .
'subsequently of that of the Fleetress `'Io I of
The Electress . was not of 'the Royal. fatnilY,,,ei
England ; she was only second -cousin to t'iifee, •
Anti, yet the Queen caused her to he praleise at
and on her doing so, instead of being off. nr ne s '
it, both Heeses immediately tested their t' 3The
:to her Majesty for what she had done*,r ther
question now before the House was this, ,r-" 1
:the Act cosnplainlegael of,' supposing it to be the
'callwas of such a ' charaefer as to upon them • •,..
Mint-
,..;rea't 'Counsel of tho nation, to require that efe,
,ters should advise his Majesty to revoke it
ti,isse
dil not think they ought to take such a -c.-
be t whete the act called in- question' w". 4•5; glaringw
ly improper. This was not, in his
a case. as lie had supposed, and' the col dwhich
thc. Queen was not. in his opinion, that 'ree
.i.
snt'ild call onon the House-(,f Commons tO
faVour
ceirenend tier to any mark of grace or
cpiniot.iluct
of
f the
frees the Crown : and though
to do t"'"
Hen. Member might not be intended .
, meeestYl
still in effect it would recommend se •
I -After
if cr-ried, as an object of grace and. favour. :after
,__
gajeste/
Hill that was said of the aenuitteh of her s
atliity, br-
the motion ° :,
.
Ind' ,r le r right to be considered' iiot'
rl.otvece
:-f re they reconnnendec! lier !':' this Ma. ''
