DARTMOUTH CORPORATION.

Colonel SEALE presented a petition from Dartmouth,
signed by the ministers of all persuasions, in favour of
the better observance of the Sabbath. —Laid upon the table.
The HON. MEMBER presented a petition from the same
place, praying for an inquiry into the state of the corporation.
They stated that by a charter of King Edward 111. the
burgesses were invested with the right of choosing the
Mayor. They conceived burgesses meant inhabitant house-
holders, but their privileges had been usurped by a select few.
The corporate body were self-elected, they possessed consi-
derable property in the borough, and they gave no public
account of the management of their fund., although by
the records of the corporation it appeared that accounts
were formerly made up annually. The petitioners described
the importance of the harbour of Dartmouth to corn.
coerce, and asserted that it was the most safe on that
coast. They prayed the House to incorporate the inhabitant
householders within the district, which by the great. mea-
sure of Reform was constituted the borough for the
purpose of electing Members of Parliament. They were
of opinion that they were all justly entitled to the rights
and privileges which were now enjoyed by the existing
corporation. He was instructed to say, that the inhabi-
tants felt the greatest gratitude to Ministers for the great
measure of Reform, for they considered that an act of
justice had been conferred on them ; but they assured the
House that that great measure would not be complete,
unless the franchise in the municipal government of cor-
porations were extended to all municipal elections. On
the petition being read,
An Hos. MEMBER, whose name we could not learn,
st ted that he was requested by a numerous body of the
inhabitants of Dartmouth to support its prayer. He
trusted the petitioners would fully participate in the ad-
vantages that had been promised them by the Reform Bill.
The inhabitants had hitherto been divided into two par-
ties, and he assured the House that any alteration would
benefit the town, but could not make it worse.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL said be had been requested to
support the prayer of the petition. After what had already
been said upon the subject, he would say no more than
that he fully concurred in its prayer.
An HON. MEMBER. (name unknown) was well aNuainted
with the corporation of Dartmouth, and he had no hesi-
tation in saying that it was one of the most corrupt in Bri-
tain--(Hear)—and that a very strong feeling prevailed
among the inhabitants against the system, so much so that
were a riot unfortunately to arise in that town they would
not go out with the corporate officers. He cordially agreed
with the prayer of the petition, and hoped soon to see a
bill introduced which would put a❑ end to a system so
odious.

The petition was then referred to the Committee on
Corporations.
111 r. VERNON SMITH presented petitions from the
towns of Cliff, Regis, and Brigstock, in Northampton-
shir.., praying fur the immediate abolition of negro slavery.
