TURF INTELLIGENCE EXTRA.

" I have heard of riding wagers where horses have been nim.
bier than the sands that run i the clock's belialf."--Sitsas.
CHESTER. RACES, 1828.
MON DAYi Y I.
The Grosvenor Stakes of 16 sovs. each ; all ages; a mile anti
a quarter. ..
Lord Derby's b. m. Urgantla ' 1
Sir Win. Wynne's br. h. Orthodox
Sir T. Stutiley's hr. It. Grenadier -
Sir 'l'. Alostyn's b. f. by - 0
Air. Clifton's b. c. Toss -' 0
111 r. Yates's b. V. 51fulatne Poki - 0
Produce Stakes of 25gs each ; ter three-yr-olds ; two mile*.
Sir T. .‘lostyn's hr. c. St. David - 1
Sir T. Stmiley's eh. c. by Tin. Sill', 2
Sir W. Wynne's br. c. by Fib° .
ch. f. by Chanipion „
Lord Derby's ch. c. by Blucher - 0
Lord Grosvenor's f. by Blucher - 0
Sir W. W. Wynne's b. c. by Piscater - 0
Six paid.
Sweepstakes of IA sovs. each, formaiden horses ; all ages ; two
miles.
.51r. Houldsworth's br. c. His Grace 1
111 r. H -eywood's b. e. Sceptre - 2
Lord Derby's Raimondo
111 r. Thompson's ch. c. Predictor - 4
The Truth:smells' Cup, value 1000., added to a Sweepetakint
of 15 sovs, each; to start at the Castle-pole, and run twits
round.

Mr. Clifton's b. h. Bruton( - - I
Mr. Mytton's b. c. Flexible . 2
Major 0. Gore's br. c. The Moor ft
Lord Derby's gr. c. Autocrat . -
Mr. "I'hompson's ch. c. (lynti,cllne 0
Sir W. Wynne's b. 1. Signorina - 0
Sir'.'. Stanley's b. h. 11aiji Hahn .
111 r. Oleave's b. h. The !tidier of Mansfield 0
Sir T. Stanley's ch. h. General Mina .
Mr. Mytton's br. h. 'Whittington - 0
Six paid.
Maiden Plate of 50 soils. for all ages. Heats twice round.
Sir 'l'. Stanley's b. e. Oberon - 4 2 1 1
Mr. Hnuldsworth's b. f. Elephant% 5 1 2 2
Mr. Chandler's bl. c. Northwood (1 03 dr
Alt. Heywood's b. c. Sceptre 1 bolted • Mr. Wm. Saunders's b. e. Victory 2 dr-
Major 0. Gore's ch. f. Cynthia 3 0 dr.
Mr. hlytton's br. c. by Bustard fell
Two drawn.
TI,IESDA Y.
his Majesty's Plate oflooo., all ages; thrice round.
Mr. Mytton's ch. g. Euphrates - - I
Major Gore's ch. c. Rapid
Mr. Houldsworth's b. c. His Grate - -
3
Mr. Clifton's ch. c. Mr. Munro- 0
Sir W. Wynne's br. c. Randal - - 0
hlr. Roberts's br. h. Sum - 0
Eleven drawn.
Sweepstakes of 20 soya. each, far three-yr-olds ; once round *rid
a disttoce.
Mr. Houldsworth's b. F. Sister to Mbis Maltby. 0
Alt. Massey's b. F. Claudia
Mr. Walker's b. f. 'Fair Star -
Mr. Twatnley's ek. f. by Ruben* 4
Mr. Clifton's hr. 1. Grizzle -
Handicap Stakes of 30 soils. ettcit,t I 0 ft.; once round MA a
distance.
Sir W. Wynne's b. f. Signorina
forl- wet
Sir I'. Mostyn's hr. f. loy Whisker .
.1
Major O. Gore's ch. c. ItatiatS,lnarcor
flansfiel.d pootutiledtsiv.ootaritltireld:soratw.r.fr.ic_.llTen
paid;L,
Sixty Guineas,a
Mr. Mytton's br. c. Flexible received 101.
No TaCe,
ngdivtebnur-byyr.tiolletislt.tnWtheo itllfeorhetilatse .City,

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

ItAILY EXTRACTS FROM THE-MORNING PAPERS,

mif 4y 1826...

ETRE widßs.]
Our artiCle fiona the' city conveys some intelligence
upon . subjects Which, during the, supervening` per-
Ossifies arising from the miseries- of the manufactur-
ing districts, we had 'almost forgetten—braneli banks
4ont the Bank of England, and chartered companies
private adventurers in the banking line. This Tat,
ter project seems to be given up--at least it has made
no advances towards completion ; but the former is
said to have been duly matured, and to be upon the
eve of execution. We are rather surprised at this,
and still think that some unexpected difficulties may
occur. As the issues, however, of private banks are
eantracted—as their small notes are withdrawn from
circulation, Ministers may wish to fill up the vacuum
by an efflux of the paper of the Bank of England,
and are therefore said to have pressed that corporation
;''to establish its country branches, as likely to promote
trade, and to set the many adventurous barks of pri-
vate credit, now grounded, afloat again. To advert
to more recent topics, the subscription for the dis-
tressed manufacturers augments : we have received
: 'letters complaining that this and that person, speci-
fying names, have not subscribed: we abstain, at"
least for the present, and perhaps wholly, from press-
ing these points ; charity, like mercy, as described in
the play, must be unconstrained. A famine is like a
qurdiagration ; one flies naturally and instinctively to
offer assistance ; but it is a very moderate way of go-
verning a country, to suffer the most ingenious part of
'the population to fall into distress, from incapacity
:to secure a market for their industry, and then to call
. upon the humane to offer relief, for charity and
humanity's sake.'• This subscription aids the im-
becility of Ministers, just as much as it succours the
wants of those who have the misfortune to be con-
signed to their government. However, we cannot
separate the two causes now. May the subscription,
therefore, succeed. But who will be the largest
geiners by the measure in progress—Ministers or- the
manufacturers ? Ministers will gain in aid of their
..declining finances, 200,0001. and upwards of duty, if
the whole of the bonded corn be brought to market.
How rnifeh will the manufacturers receive from the
:subscription ? We shall be glad if the sum subscribed
amount to half that sum ; and how much will half
that sum be per head, or per mouth, to those who are
now dying with hunger, or exposing themselves to yet
More sudden death, by violating the laws ? We pub-
lish these reflections to show that nothing but an en-
,.lightened system ofpolicy can really secure the people
against want.

We have received, along with a journal of Hayti,
dated the .I.2th of March, the copy of a document,
purporting to be a commercial treaty between France
and that. Republic, which is said to. circulate among
the Haytian merchants, but which their Government
has either had firmness not to ratify, or does not poS-,
,seis courage to avow. It is dated Paris, Oct. 13,
1825, and has all the charaCteristics of being dictated
by the same.suprerne authority which created an indes
pendent State by a Royal. Ordinance of manumission.
This precious conviction consists of 21 articles, many
of which 'contain the stipulations usual in such cases ;
while others apPear to be the real badges of slavery,
land must place
,Hayti in a very disadvantageous situ-
:ation in treating.with other commercial nations. It
is declared, in the first article, for instance, that his,
Most Christian Majesty, having it in his power to di-
.vest himself of his rights of exclusive trade with Hayti
in favour of other nations, was not prepared to allow
this manifestation of his intentions to diminish the
rights which be was pleased to reserve to himself and his:
successorafor the advantage of French commerce.
The right 'which he thus reserved he had resolved to
exercise, by stipulating that in all cases a deduction of
half the duties of export and import imposed upon the
trade of the most favoured nations shall be inade in
favour of that of France. The second article deter-
Agnes what 'exports and imports. shell be so distin-
guished. The . imports so favothed must be of the
growth or manufacture of France, imported in French
or Haytian vessels with certificates of origin ; and the
exports must be the produce of the soil and industry
of Hayti, carried under the same flags to France.—
Titus the Black Republic (if it ratifies this article)
must for ever divest itself of the power of conciliating
other commercial states, by granting' them equal
privileges • with " those given to Frenchmen. It
QM never show but half the favour to other nations
which it shows to France. Where it imposes duties
for the purpose of revenue, it must make a sacrifice
of half their amount in favour of French • trade.
Thus, what. would only be a moderate tax
upon the adinissiOn of French produce or manufac-
tures, might amount to a prohibitory, duty on the
ggiina class of commodities from other countries ; and
what would be a moderate charge on the latter, would
be diminished on- the former, so as scarcely to yield
any produce, In
.short, so long; as Hayti raises a
revenue on foreign trade, France may have the com-
mand of ha markets to the exclusion of other nations,
which could supply the: same articles at a cheaper
rate, or on more advantageous terms. What will
England and the United States, 'which have hitherto
considered •theingelves as entitled to be. considered
the most favoured nations,: say to this treaty of mo-
nopoly and exclusion, by which they will either
he driven 'lota the ports of Hayti altogether, or
compelled ,to carry on their business under disad-
vaotagea from which they see Frenchmen exempted ?
W 8 eannet help again expressing our regret that Mr.
President, Boyer and his Ministers should have al-
lowed themselves to be so over-reached in this trans-
action, and should have, turned out such wretched ne-
gociators,, after having displayed such considerable
Skill in government.. Hayti has been free for the last
twenty-tw9 years, while,France has been ineffectually
claiming: its submission,, and it has now only become
enslaved, when France has. declared it independent.
It could carry on., an equal 'commerce with all the
• world when is reputed colony s, it must pay indemni-
ties and grant ~exclusive privileges when proclaimed a
Sovereign' State. It has contracted to pay 6,000,000/.
staerling:.f9F,he sap of liberty, and, when it puts it on,
it only finds that its counnerchd intercourse is re-
strained, and its commercial bondage renewed.--Ibid.

'EMORNING
Mr. Huskisson, observed, on Tuesday night, that
of the, cotton manufacture, he believed, he might say,
full two4hirds were not intended for the home market,
but for the foreign market ; and, if credit grew out of
demand-, the demand for our cottons abroad would give
relief to our manufitcturers at home." Nov, if this be

a correct statement, and no man has better means of
knowing how the matter really stands, we have a pre-
cious exemplification of the assurance of our Land-
owners. A Manufacture for exportation can only sell at
the ,yrice' which.,the same miumfacture is sold by
foreigners, for the price obtained abroad regulates the
price at home, as no man would export if he could
receive a higha price at home than he receives abroad.
The modest demand of the Land-owners then „is, that
the persons engaged in this great staple manufacture,
forming so large a proportion of the population of the
kingdom, should, while they can receive no more for
their industry than foreigners, , pay twice as much for
their food. To be• consistent, we should proscribe all
foreign trade whatever, force our Landholders to re-
nounce the importation of foreign luxuries, and to con-
fine themselves to the produce of Britain, and as
there would then probably be too many cotton-manu-
facturers, for the home demand, Mr. Benett, of Wilt-
shire, will inform us that " such persons should return
to their natural occupation in the cultivation of the
soil." The vine cultivation, now rendered necessary,
from the exclusion of foreign wines, would find occu-
pation for a good many cotton-spinners and weavers.
I3ut our Landholders only take as much of this. Bri-
tish system as suits them. They find it extremely
convenient to export their corn and their beef in the
shape of cotton goods, and to riot in the luxuries of
every quarter of the world, at the expence of the in-
dustry of. the country. They talk of the Agricul-
turists being the best customers of the manufacturers ;
but what is an agricultural country without manufac-
tures ? Do they envy the situation of the Polish and
Russian Nobles, who are forced to export their sur-
plus produce for luxuries I
