FRENCH PAPERS.

(From Galignnni's Messenger of Saturday.)

The Moniteur• contains a Royal ordinance, by which a regis.
ter is opened at the office of the Minister of Commerce, for en.
registering all full bred horses existing in France, upon proof of
the breed being ascertained by a commission, %those services are
gratuitous, to be appointed to that effect. A second ordinance
appoints this commission, consisting of the Duke DP_ Cases,
President; the Count de Flahaut, Vice-President; the Mar-
quis de Paige, the Marquis de .Barmier, Count E. d'Harcourt,
Messrs Henri Lacazes, Tourton, and Rieussec, and the, director
of the Royal stud at Meudon. The chief of the bureau des
horns (studs) will perform the criPce of secretary to the corn.
mission,

The Indictifeur of Bordeaux of the 27th inst. states that the
health of the Duchess of Berry has been improving for the last
few days, whilst the Journal de la Guienw, the legitimatist
journal, says that the news from 131 aye becomes more and more
alarming, and that the Duchess is actually dying.
A letter from Frankfort, dated the 26th inst. says—" We
have just learned from a credible source that the Diet has
decreed the suspension of all the Germanic Chambers for five
years. We shall, however, very soon ascertain With certainty
the truth of this news, fey the opening of the session of Hesse
Cassel was fixed for April 15. If it be so, then we aay nornore
Chambers, for a suspension for five years is equivalent to a total
abolition of the Germanie oonstitutions. Travellers arrive°
from Cassel mention that considerable ferment prevails in that
city. We learn from Hanover that the horses which have be.
come disposable by the reduction of the. tbanoverian cavalry
have been bought up on account o the French Government."
The Augsburg GazyYe of the 26th instant has the following
intelligenre of the 16th, from Trieste :—" The last accounts
from Corfu confirm the news that all parties in Greece have
made their submission, and that universal tranquillity prevails.
Trade is resuming its activity. New ships are already con.
structig on the south Ode Of the Maui, as well as in the
dock-yards of Galixidi, in the Bay of Corinth. According
to letters of the 2501 anti4t3iti ult. from Alexandria, the ratifi.
cation of the Treaty Concluded between Halil papha am.
Mehemet Ali was anxiously expected there, Dille's, on the
contrary, assert that the Viceroy of Bitypt is not seriously in.
dined for peace. The French frigate 4rtemise, 52 guns, ar•
rived here on the lilth from Ancona. She left the latter port
in consequence of the remonstrances lately made by the Papa
Court. The captain has already had sexeial conferences with
the French Consul." The same paper contains also the fol-
lowing letter of the 17th from Ancona :—" The French fri.
gate 4?t:zzaise, which sailed for Trieste on the 13th, is, accord-
ing to report, to convey Bavarian tat to Greece, and then to
join the French squadron, which is to be assembled near the
Dardanelles. (The Gaiette here observes that there are
no Bavarian troops at Trieste at present.) We learn, 133
letters from PariS, that the orders given for sending hithee
a company of the engineer corps have been countermanded;
hence the Toperts of the approaching evacuation of ou,
town by the French are revived. The trial of the person,
implicated in the crimes committed during the time 01
anarchy, and in the murder of the Gonfaliere, begins to.
morrow. At least two of the accused will be sentenced to
death." The Gazette quotc,s the funds at Vienna on th.
21st, Metallivies kper Cents. 93 7-16; ditto 4 per Cents.
I_s 3 Bank Actions 1228-1234. The same Journal says :
,‘ The Committee of the States of Hesse, before separating, de-
posited with the Registrar of the Supreme Tribunal of Ap.
peal a new act of impeachment against the Minister Has.
seaplug, accusing hem of various infractions of the constitu-
tion. This act revives in part the complaints raised by tht
first accusation."

A letter of the Zith inst. from Boulogne-sur-Mer says :
" The 630 zneii, who, with the '2BO ,ent off to Oporto last
week, are to complete the first of the tbur battalions foi
which the expensed are provided, are arriving here by sma'l
de achments. It is expected that all will be on board by the
2.th, and that, if the wind be favourable, they will sail on the
:30th inst."

(From the Constitutionnel of Saturday, March 30.)
PARIS, MARCH 29.--Some journals have announced, but

" Berlin, March IS.
" A courier from St. Petersburgh is said to have brought an
important declaration of the Cabinet of St. Petersburgh relative
to the affairs of the East. It is said to state (which we, how.
e% er cannot guarantee) that, accordfng to the principles of its
policy, Russia can never approve rebellion wherever it may
manifest itself; that if on late occasions it has remained in.
active in this respect, this conduct was only to oblige its allies,
and to prove Its desire of peace; but that the case is dif-
fe:ent with respect to the present state of the East, that
the Russian Cabinet will not object to the Sultan's pardoning
the rebel Mehemet Ali, and even making him afterwards some
concessiolls;; 'but that, as the Sultan had thrown himself into
.the Otaßussia, it would not contribute to this, or suffer
cone i is to be extowd from the Sultan, and set up as condi.
tiinis of: bmission of a subject, who has dared to invade
thle tern Fins legitimate Sovereign. The sudden fall of
thews
(From the Ouotidienne.)
1)S, Malmo 29.—1 t is said that farther explattatioos have
takeo-piacipptween Marshal SouCt and the 30e!nberi of the
Committee,,,plis the Budget. The. Minister is said to have
spoken of serious circumstances which' Would retard his nego-
tiations, and delay the hopes of a genera( disarming.
An extraordinary., courier from 1. srsarkfort arrived yes.
terday at the hotel of Baron de W,`lther, the Prussian
Ambassador.

FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, MARCH 30.—Five per Cents' i
95c. .90c. 95c. 90e. 95c. 85c. 60c. 70c. 60c. ; Loa nof 1832, Five per
Cents., 100 f. 90c.; Four and a half per Cents , 99f. SO.; Four per
Cents., 9'2f. 75c. ; Three per Cents., 77f. 45" i 'ttc. 40c. 9.5 c. 40c.:
302. 25c. 10c. ; National Loan, 100 f. 80c ; Bank Actions, 1,69" it.
50e. ; Rente de Naples, 90f. ; ltoman five per Ce 87% k 4 NV
Route d'Espagne, rive per Cents., 15 % ; Re, ate d'Espagne;.
Three per Cents., 4-IN, 14 44 43% Fi 44 43% • 'Royal Spannth
L, an, 89% 90; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 't Per Cen"-•
70% Ti %; Belgian Loan, 89!i ; Haytian Loan, 21Jf. Ex.
e'lange on London, one month, money, 115 f. 75e, ; t hree mouthr
2.5 f. 65c. ; money,2sf. 60c.—Couts Authentiqu e.

(From the Times Private Correspondence.)
PARIS, SATURDAY, 4 o'ci-oc .' "..
Baron \Verther, the Prussian Ambassador, receiv td Ye ,ter-
day a messenger, who is said to have been the bears tof'' ' 'l-
riety of intelligence of some importance. If we are to believe
the reports on the subject which have been circul: ited since
this morning, it would appear that Baron Werth tr has re-
ceived by this messenger an official notification of a resolu.
thin taken by the Germanic Diet to suspend for i Ive years
the Representative Chambers throughout Germ: toy. In-
structions have also, it is said, been received by Bar OTh Vier.
ther, to make known to the French Government th e extent
of the reductions of the Prussian army recently do 'reed by
the Prussian Government ; but the whole extent of th e reduc-
tions about to take place do not amount to more tha, r an in-
creased facility in the system of conges. The men an t there-
fore to remain always within call, and a very few days ' would,
be required to place again the whole army on its 11 le war
footing. The military commission of the Confederati. 'n hat
resolved that there shall be two federal armies, one of the
north, commanded by a Prussian General, and one of the
south, under the command of an Austrian General. These
armies, though ostensibly meant for the defence of Ger-
many' against a foreign enemy, will, in fact, be used e: Wu-
and
perpetuate despotism and slavery throughout Germany. Fr ; ince
•who might threaten the national it is the only power
.001
deuce of any part of Germany. Under her present
1-
N.'
ge _le.
sively for purposes intended to crush civil liberty,
went, however, it is well known that no danger of I
so is ever likely to arise. France, nevertheless, was ter doing
, ,
in the arriire pewit of the members of the milita evidently
Sion when they saw the use which might be deriv ty commis.
two permanent armies of observation, The freedom ed from *.•ne
by the press in France, and the avidity with , still erjoyed
French journals are read in every put of Gene °bleb all the
contrived to hold the ()Utica! si
1)---- -1...-stinies of al isgthes who have
Germany in their own excli,:we keeping. :
At . e people et•
to be matters of dreadful apprehension
against the danger of the •
example 4f so much 16 13 tO pi,71,1,
• .eed, which is apparently ~.mioyed ip France oat I :1), too .n as that
to the le any, continue-
and most despotic. towers of the Coriferiep.tion are o
other stato* v....ith their military protect ion.
7.re do'enotht,aatsiky:
, favoug tim
The "read of the power exercised by the It
The only French paper
o greatest
Frer.eli press is not confined to the neigh, eedom of it'',
limits of Germany. You would hardly,uppa. Airing Gestr..n.
as much by the Court of Russia as it c
Courts of Vienna and Berlin. Hardly 43.- possibly be by the
admitted into Russia, and those that r y French rapers are
suppose, belong to the Opposition :mane:
Ler v •,.
Gazelle de France, on FICCOIIIY.,, of '
which is allowed to pass the tread' -
i 1 bout examination is the
the doctrine of the divine r'
Lghts oftsiik.nown attachment to
vocacy of the cause of the fp men e.yaast Kings, its continued ad-
paper incessantly pays the
Ituss',an Y'andthe court that
that it will put itself at t
.he
head
or
aGovernment,fo in the hope
once more the French 7
,eople to be ruled over
coalition to force.
race. Though the fn
,edoio
of
the
English French
press is at least as
Russian Court, it i, least as hateful to the
i not as much small number of erfeared, because only a very
iticated Russians
none who have can read English, whereas
received any education at all are un bl
read French. ft is surprising that with the • a e 1--°
Autocrat has i little chance the.
y of causing the freedom of the Frencl- press
to be wholly suppressed, he has not strictly forby
study of the.
aderi the
French language to his subjects,
have been a more effectual mode of guardin R T.,,h.attthweouitl,d
fluence of the press, which he holds in so mo g a-ai----
----
----
We have accounts from Constantino,;, b -
_Leh ab:norrence.
1 way of Trieste,
to the 3d instant. Up to that period the Rei,,ssiari squadron had
not quitted the Bosphorus. Tb;Ls fact 4to our politicians here, s'..id has gi,,,n seems to give uneasiness
unfavourable report►rise today to a variety of
It is ti- I )1-
. Bongo should rt. oig t strange that M. Pozzo di
".,t have heard yet what his Government thinks
of the she
lately taken liv ,
,„. Admiral Roussin to prevent the
It°. sian - from ' •
~ s inteiterurg by fore-e of arms on behalf of the
Sultan, Tbs. Russian Government must have •
received intelli.
Bence thereof before or at least by the 10th of the present month
• Even ifit
. had taken as much as five days to consider what'
instructions were to be sent off to M. Porto, those instruc.
tions, it is calculated, ought to have been,
by this • time, re
-
ceiv ed.
The French funds have experienced a further decline to.
day, which it was attempted so account fbr by a variety of po.
laical speculations and tumours. The state of things in Con.
stantinople was deemed unsatisfactory, and it v;as affirmed that
Admiral Rewistn has renewed the threat of leaving Constar..
tinople. It is hardly neoessary to add that no authentic in-
formation to that effect has been received. The decline has
been occasioned chiefly by that which has occurred in the Eng-
lish and Dutch funds. The II per Cents, opened at 77f. 45c.
and closed at 77f. 10c. for money. z.
