OFFICE OF ORDN.eINCE,

July 21, Mi.
HE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS of His MA.
JESTY'S ORDN:INCE C,lO hereby give Notice,
That Proposals will be received at their Office, ia
On or before Wednesday, the sth day (f.dagast next,from such
Persons as may be to undertone the Supply of
LEATHER PANTALOONS, for Service of the Cavalry
Corps of the Royal Artillery for a period of Three Years, de-
terminable after the expiration of 4lte first year, upon a Three
NOnths Notice, at the option of either party.

. _
1-atterns of tare Articles may be viewed, upon application to
the respective Officers of the Ordnance, in the ROyal Arsenal,
froolwich ; and further Particulars, together with the fermi
and Conditions of the Contract, may be known at the Se-
cretary's Office; in Pall-Mall, aforesaid, any Day between
the. Hours of Ten and Four o'Clock, where the Proposals
must be delivered, sealed- up and indorsed, " Proposals for
Leather Pantaloons ;" but no Proposal tank admitted after
the said sth August, at Twelve o'Clock at Noon of the same
Day, neither will any Tender be noticed, unless the party
mahit)g it, or an Agent in his Behalf, shall attend.
By Order of the Board,
R. If. CREJI", Secretary.

This Day was
In two Volumes, Svo. price IL 4s. boards,
THE EDINBURGH ANNUAL REGISTER
for IBlo.—Cootents.

History of Europe.
Appendix to State Papers.
Chronicle, containing brief Accounts of the various Public
Occurrences of the Year,Lists of Births,Marriages, and Deaths,
Principal Promotions' Prices-of Stocks, &c.
Public Accounts ofGreatßritain and Ireland.—The Drama.
Scottish Drama.-41,eview of Science. •
History.of the Useful Arts.
List of Patents for new Inventions, &c..
History of the Atmosphere.
. Meteorological Journals kept at Edinburgh and London.
Meteorological Observations, &c.
Life of Dr. Beddoes.
• Account of an Ancient Wooden Cof.in discovered in iht
Parish-of Culsaniond, Aberdeenshire.

•
History of Lope de Aguirre.
Journal of a Levant' Pirate.—Original Letters.
Account of the Poems of Patrick Carey, a Poet of the 17th
Ceittitry.—Original Poetry.
New Publications for 1810, and General Index.
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme, and Brown, and
J. Murray, London ; and J. Ballantyne and Co. Edinburgh.
Of whom may be had,
Singer's General View of the Agriculture of Dtunfries-shire,
with numerous Engravings .and a Map of tbs County, price
ifis. in beards,

MAILS.
ARRIVED- 1 Cadiz, e Anhalt, Ipnernsey,..l Jersey, 1

lin. DuE—Ll Lisbon, -1
Dublin, iWaterfoid.

• IR.Cr OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols -.... 5611 Red. Ann.:: ..56114 I O nuiitm .... 4 pr.

THY] SUN.

SOLTM Qt IS fllCtilk: AUPEAT'?

L 0 iy D 0 N,

AUGUST 3, 1812.

We hare this morning received Corunna Papers
to the 25th ult. from *liich we have made the
following hriportant extracts
ST.VINCENT DE LABARaumt,Jur.i.
NET has been completely routed in Tordesillas ; he
lost 3000 min, the remainder of his army Was
completely dispersed.
CORUNNA,• JULY 19.—Lord AVELLIN'GTON will,
no doubt, have already entered Valladolid ; he is
expected in Burgos, Lagrano, and Madrid ; at
least the situation of the brilliant English army
leads us to expect this. Eighteen hundred cavalry,
and 5000 infantry, were in Castrornan, 3 leagues
rest). of Valladolid, with the order Of march, in
the direction of ttuenas. 'the siege, of Astorga
is reclined to a strict
.blockade Our troops have
taken, and will take, the road of Zamora and
Toro ; others by Carrion and Valderas, to rein-
force those who have passed through those places.
The 7th Army has extended itself near to Vit-
toria, to.observe CARIFILLI, and support MINA,
after having persecuted BONNET, 1010 it appears
entered Valladolid, on the 6th, from whence he
retired With .111AamoNT, on 7th,. leaving 4000
sick.

A report has been received from Corunna, by
the Speculator, of an action having taken place
between the Allied forces and the French
under INIARmosr ; but letters from Benevente,
of the 22d, from Sir HowAßt. DOUGLAS make no
mention of such an event, 'and merely state the
successful progress of the siege of Astorga.
• Eight thousand Spaniards were marching to
join Lord WELLINGTON.

A Cadiz Mail arrived yesterday. We have made
some Extracts from the Spanish Papers, but the
accounts from the South 9f Spain are by no means
so interesting at present,as those from the North.
The Spaniatds, we rejoice to see, are acting with
increased vigour, and every thing seems to pro-
mise a glorious termination of the present cam-
aiga.

The Sixth Bulletin of the French Army has
been received, and, we are happy to say, contains
as little information as any of the former ones.—
Our Readers will be gratified to perceive that it is
dated Warta, where the French head-quarters have
been for above afortnight BUONAFARTE assigns no
reason {Or this extraordinary delay on the con-
t7ary, if we are to believe his assertions,
the different divisions of the Russian Army
are Wa‘idering about, without any apparently
fixed object. What then can have ithpeded his
progress ? His success depended, in a great mea-
sure, upon the rapidity of his movements, and for
a time they certainly were rapid. We are inclined
to think that he must bave,met with some Serious
disaster previous to the 6th of Jul;_,' on which,day
the Fifth Bulletinris dated, containing the mys-
terious account of the loss of several thousand
horses
.by the storm. We are most impatient for
the Russian details of the operations that have
hitherto taken place, because we are convinced '
that they will chew that IBUONAPARTE has devi,
ated even 'farther than usual from the truth. A
portion of Bulletin is taken up with an ac-
e ,oat of the joy manifested by the People of Po-
.
land, in conseOcence of their deliverance. This
is a most cruel insult to a people whom he has re-
duced to the extremity of wretchAness. What-
ever resentment the inhabitants of Polaitd Map"
feel against those Powers originally concerned
iii the initp*ons partition of that unhappy coin:-
try, they cannot but feel still greater detestation
against a man who has wantonly placed them in
a state of starvation, and who they know, not-
withstanding his professions of regard for their
independence, would, withoutlesitation, consign
every one of them to the- most abject slavery the
moment it suited his convenience,

The reports which reached town on Saturday
from Holland, of the French under-MAcnoNALD
having been defeated, have not been confirmed by
the Anholt Mails ; at least, accounts from Riga
tl the 14th, do not speak of any battle having
tiken place. We -do not consider, however, the
silence'of the letters from Riga, of the 14th, as a
complete proof that there is no foundation what-
ever for the reports frog' Holland.
