ROYAL BANQUETING-ROOM.

Its situation is nearly at the southern extre-
mity of the Palace, and its .dimensions are 60
feet in length, by 42 feet wide. The walls are
bounded at the height Of 23 feet, by a cornice of
the most elegant form, apparently inlaid with
pearls and gold. On this cornice rest four eliptic
arches, which, with their spandrils, are supported
in the angles by four golden columns, connecting
themselves with a cove, surmounted by a dome,
rising to the height of 45 feet. This dome is con-
structed to represent ari eastern sky, partially
obscured by the broad and branching foliage of a
luxuriant plantain tree, which is expressed as
bearing its fruit in all the progressive stages to
maturity, from the early . blossom to rich and
glowing mellowness. From its centre Chinese
symbols depend. It is connected with the grand
lustre, rising 30 feet, and assuming the shape
of lotus flowers. These lilies, when illuminated,
dart their copious and v;vid rays through their
multiplied and sparkling tints, and give to near
Objects the semblance of rubies, pea'rls, glittering
brilliants, and shining gold; The effect is magi-
cal, as other lastres, in the several angles of minor
magnitudes, but similarly unique and beautiful,
contribute.to tin efialgence as mild
-as bright; and
which, with four horizontal windows of stained
glass, illluminated from without, above the cor-
nice, perfect an appearance of artificial day. The
walls of this room are divided into compart-
ments, containing illustrations by domestic
groups of figures, nearly as large as life, of
the manners and elegant costumes of the
higher order of the Chinese people. These
pictures possess great variety, and teem with I
domestic episodes which are familar to us ;
the ground of these tnasterly paintings Is an imi-
tation of inlaid pearl, richly wrought in all
the varied forms of Chinese mythology. The
tranquil and silvery hue of this imitation, from its
general introduction, gives at once the com-
plexion of the room ; and, it maybe said, affords
a charming repose and contrast to the splendid
furniture,
,and brilliant colours of the paintings
which it surrounds. The. furniture is chiefly fix-
ed as a banqueting-room, it consists of side-
boards and their candelabras, which are con-
tinued on each side ; the former are of the finest
rosewood, _ tastefully carved, and, inlaid with
gold. In suitable spaces between these are
Chinese cisterns mounted with or-mole of the
most superior workmanship. These, together
with the chimney-pieces, and their exquisite
ornaments in or-mold, complete the elevation,
by giving to the superstructure 'an efficient-
and appropriate base. The chimney-pieces;
north and south, face each other, and are of the
finest statuary marble, with golden canopied
figures as embellishments, and other ornaments
in or-molu. On the centre of that to the north
is a time-piece of excellent fancy and workman-
ship ; it is presented through the medium of an
opening sun-flower, on each side of which are
figures in brilliant colours of beautiful enamel,
which appear as reposing in the shade of its exu-
berant and variegated foliage, chased in gold.
The playfulness of imagination has given singular
interest to this useful ornament—its character is
perfect ; but it further delights on a close
inspection, by disclosing, in the combina-
tion of the lea-Ves, a chimera of forms as exqui-
sitely contrived as expressed. This unique spe-
cimen of design and perfect execution is repeated
on the chimney-piece opposite, as-a. thermometer.
At the backs of these superb and dazzling ob-
_
jects, rising from the chimney-pieces to the lower
cornice, are mirrors of extraordinary dimensions
.these facing. each other, though at a 'distance of
-60 -feet, reflect all within the sparkling space,
giving the semblance ;of.n. centre point to the be-
holder when situated at either extremity. On
either side are folding doors, presenting an ele-
gant imitation of japan, framed with golden ar-
chitraves, and surmounted with exquisite speci-
mens of wood carving in alto relievo, exhibiting
-subjects of chimera from Oriental Mythology,
'the peculiar animation and character of which
induce an idea that they are actually exist-
ing in an atmosphere of burning gold.—
Splendour of light and colour, with a na-
tural and effective disposition of shade, appear
to have been a grand and successful aim in this
-; and art, guided, by sound judgment, live-
ly and polished taste, has availed itself of all
sorts-of-materials' to attain the end proposed.
The splendid glossy jars of bine porcelain, well
appropriated and judiciously placed, contribute
magnificently to this effect ; they excel, in rich-
ness and brilliancy, whatever of the kind we have
before seen, foreign or native ; they are of Staf-
fordshire manufacture. Like the music room, ,
this apartment is carpetted throughout, and dish
plays another fine specimen of talent in that line,
from Axminster;- end, like that room, this is also
lighted by five spacious windows, which open in
the East, the draperies of which, composed of the
richest crimson silks, adorned. with gold, delight-
fully harmonise with silks Of celestial blue) 'which

clothe the dividin;, piers and complete a
folit,en-
semble of such matchless beauty, as render wdrds
inadequate to do it justice.

MARSHAL BRUNE.

ASSASSINATLbN OF_MARsEIAL BB(JNE, AT -WIG

NON, IN )si:).

Aerof Acewation (or Ili dktnzent), beftrre, the Rokal
-Court at Nismes,•in the Department of Gard. " •
A ..wzitiaarnell quiNooN,Nelias, 11;(4eQu4roltr,
residing atAvignon, by profession a porter, has
been accused of having, on the 2(1 of August,
1615, with twenty others, assassinated Marshal
Brune.

On the morning of the 2d. of August, 1815,
Marshal Brune passed through Avignon, to go
from Marseilles to Paris. Whilst he was
waiting to Change horses with his Aides-de
Camp, an Officer of the National Guaid carried
their passports to be examined by the Com-
mandant of the place ; this delayed their depar-
ture for some minutes.

A group of persons assembled round the car-
riage immediately, on learning Marshal Brune
was within it, which was very soon augmented.
Furious and menacing cries were heard from the
persons assembled; the people themselves un-
harnessed the horses ; thus the departdre-of the
Marshal became impossible.
The Magistrate, by his presence, and the in-
fluence of his authority, at last effected the de-
parture of the Marshal, and he set out by the
gate of Oule to pursue his journey to Paris.
• But the moment the carriage quitted the hotel,
the mob ran after it, and assailed the Marshal
with stones, and crying. out—" Ilfiutt lc tuer,"—
(We must kill him.)—The Prefect and some of
the Authorities being warned of his fresh danger
hastened after him, and soon perceiving the im-
possibility of the Marshal continuing his journey,
they had no other resource left than to bring
him back to the town. The, threatening mob
surrounded the carriage and followed him.

Having returned to the Hotel of the Palais
Royal, the Marshal descended from his carriage
at the door, and entered the house. The car-
riages of the two Aides-de-Camp entered the
gateway. At last they closed and barricadoed
all the doors of the hotel, notwithstanding the
efforts of the assailants, one of whom had even
interposed his arm between the doors of the gate-
way, to hinder them from closing, it, and did not
withdraw it until he had been threatened that
they-would break it if he did not retire imme-
diately.
The carriages were .pillaged by the mob of the
money and other effects they contained, notwith-
standing the efforts of the Civil Authorities to
prevent it.

- The hatred of the people to the Marshal was
at the highest pitch ; they cried out, " Let him
undergo the fate of the Duchess de Lainballe,
whose head had been borne on a pike by *.”
Some cried out, " set fire to the hotel." Some
armed men mounted the roofs of the houses,
and pointed their guns to the windows, apparent-
ly with the intention of firing in upon the Mar-
shal ; at this momenta man appeared at the win-
dow of the Marshal's chamber, and by signs
indicated to the mob that he could not es-
cape, and that his last hour was arrived.
—They had now reached- the roof of the hotel
from the adjoining houses,,and from thence seve-
ral armed then entered into the apartment of the
Marshal. They then fired on him, but the first
discharge did not touch him ; the moment after
a second.discharge took place, and he fell with
his face to the ground. A man appeared at the
window of the_Marshal's chamber, and announced
his death to the populace, who replied to it with
joyful acclamations. The officers of justice being
informed Of this frightful event, •caused tiw:body
to be examined by some professional men, who
declared that his death was occasioned by a ball,
which had entered at the back of the neck, and
came out in front.
These transactions having terminated, and be-
ing fearful that a longer stay of the body in the
hotel might occasion some fresh outrage on the
persons of the two aides-de camp, and even on
the h&c.' itself, which the mob had already
threatened with destruction, it was ordered that
the body should be buried forthwith.
An armed detachment could not protect the
body. Scarcely had the procession passed the
gate of Oule, when it was carried off and pre-
cipitated into the Rhone ; and whilst the body
floated on the surface of the water, the wretches
fired at him with their guns ; after this they
cared the following words on one of the beams
forming the parapet of
.the bridge : " This is
the tomb of Marshal Brune." Among the most
furious in this 'deplorable scene was Guindon
the prisoner.
This is a rile calumny upon Brune.

The folloTing is an extract of a letter from
Cape Hayti,, dated Nov. 22 :—", I enclose you
papers to the 29th ult. The events passing here
will be..found'interestinff. At• the same time 1
must mention to you, thatc it is expected this
Government will, in the course of next year,
adept measures that will have a tendency to -cur-
tail American commerce-.-that is, to prevent
Vessels from corning to this Island from any
State or place where negroes and people of co-
lour are held in slavery. The prisons have all
been throWn open, and more than 4000 poor souls
have been liberated. It -is too shocking to re.-
late their miserable condition : some have' had
their backs broke by bastinadoing. General
Remain will be President. Forty millions of
dollars were found in the citadel, and a good
deal of it is to be put in circulation. The Queen,
Prince, and Princesses. are in town ; they did
not save more than what was', upon their backs.
There are also several Chiefs who stuck to the
King; but it' seems they have but a poor chance
to save their live's. I consider myself and pro-
perty safe. Will-inform you more in my next."

SAcruLEGE.---Monday night, or early On Tues-
day morning, the new Chapel in the City-road
was broken open, and robbed of twenty yards of
green baize, a pair of silver candlesticks, a large
quantity of wine glasses; twelve bottle of sherry,
a great coat, and various other articles, with
which the robbers escaped.

PRICE OF' sTocKs,
TILTS DAY AT TSYPLYt O'CLOCK.

. .
per Cent. hell 69 Iri•j,. 3 per Cent. Ann..... 68
per Cent Cons; Or:HI I I.p,Lii,i lithirls .. ...... 335.. pr.
in rCent. Nary Ann... 10.3 g I Kri. Bills, ?if
1044 1 Coi6. for February .... 691 i
..•...,_

)N 1311:11;E TO-MORROW.
.I Et't”titig,4s2 tumult s i i.
. -
ebr....ftworr ............... ...,

lIIGH WATER AT LONDt
Morning, 31 tumults alter .2._

SOLEM QUIS\DICERA; ALTDE.it.?

LONDON,
FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1821.

----i

In the Journal de Paris Of the 15th instant it
is stated, on the authority Of a private letter re-t
ceived from Irun, dated the Bth, that the King
of SPAIN", as well as the King of NAPLES, had
been invited by the Allied Sovereigns to join th
Congress at LAYBACII, and that. the Spanish Mini':
stern and permanent Deputation of the Cortes taa
fixed the 9th for taking this 'important subjec-t
into conshieration. It is generally believed that'

the KING will not be pethiitted to have Spain.

The last accounts from Madrid are dated the'
4th of this month.

If it be tru6 as reported in Fdreign Journals;
that the Congress of Sovereigns have required
the presence of the King of Spain to assist in the
high Proceedings at Laybach, they must have
' invited, rather than hake rc summoned;' him, as
stated in a Morning Paper. If is, however by
no means probable that. FERDINAND of SpAts will
be permitted to attend the Meeting, whether in
the forth of_ a summons or a•soicitation, as the'
Cortez at present 'seem to possess the supreme
authority, . and as indeed the spirit of the
Spanish :Nation would regard the assent of
their Sovereign to such requisition, in whatever
terms conveyed, as an act .disgraceful to the'
Country. The Allied Sovereigns are placed hi
critical and difficult situation. If they proceed,
to, hostility against Naptes, they will certainly
trench upon the independent rights of a Nation ;-
and on the other hand, if they remain quiet while
the revolutionary 'spirit seems to be gaining ground
in all Countries, they may themselves, is
the march of Opinion and the progress of
events, become the victims of that revolutionary
spirit. It really appears that _these Allied Sove-
reignsJiave advanced too far, and the removal of
the Congress from Troppau to Laybach, seems:
to manifest doubt and indecision, and a politic &-
lay, in order to prepare for an honuarabkretreat.

The announced Civic Festival in celebration
of his MAJESTY'S accession to the throne, Which.
does so much honour to the great Mercantile
. .
Characters by 'whom it has been instituted, has
naturally led to a measure of an opposite ten-
dency ; and another Body, whoSe political prin
ciples are wholly different from the former, have,
requested that the LORD MAYOR will invite the
44 Merchants, Bankers, and Traders of London.
to meet for the purpose of considering Vvhat pro-.
ceedings it may be proper for them to adopt, FR-,
.der the present circumstances.."- The Lo RD MAYOR:
has accordingly granted the use of the Egyptian
Hall, on Wednesday next, for the alleged purpose.
We have no wish to deny,that the Requisition to-
the LORD MAYOR is signed by a considerable.
number of very respectable individuals, but some`
of them are well Itnown for their uniform hos—

tility, we will not say to Government, but cer-
tainly to Minister;, and hence it may fairly be•
inferred, that the others who are not equally well/
known to the pul.klic are congenial in their prin-
ciples and views, and, without unjust at- illiberal!
anticipation, the. Meeting of 'Wednesday. next
may not unreasonably be expected to manifest.
the spirit, if not the violence:, of Party.

The American Papers contain the Report from
the Treasury Department in extenso, of which ire
have already given an abstract from The National
Inteltigencee. The Loan of 7,000,000 dollars,
which Nr. Crawford - recommends, for making
good the anticipated deficiency in the year 1821,
may, he conceives; be obtained at' par, in a fund
bearing six per cent, interest. lie calculates
upon a growing revenue ' for the three ensuing
years, the surphis of which; over a gradually di-
Minished expenditure, will fully cover the Loan
proposed for the present year.
We '.understand, that the' four Pagodas, from
Mr. SPODE'S Manufactorv, in Staffordshire? which
are placed in time Music:Room' of his 'MAJESTY'S
Palace at Brighton, are considered "among the"
most splendid and valuable specimens of Oriental'
China ever manufactured in Europe.
The. CHANCELLOR of the Exenroura gave an
elegant entertainment yesterday to the Arnbas,
sador of the NETHERLANDS, and a large party of
distinction, at his residence in Downing-street.
Meeting's were held- yesterday of the Inhabi,
tants of the Ward of Farriugdon Within, and of
the:Parish of St: Saviour's, Southwark. At the
former a Petition was. resolved upon to be preo,
seined to the house of Commons, for the restora-
tion of-the rights of the QUEEN, and her name to
the Liturgy ; and at the latter,•similar Petitions
to both Houses of Parliament, and an Address of
Congratulation; to her MAJESTY.

•
4.- 41,

''...i4
f,
1 t;*
