FRENCH PA PERS.

[From the Moniteur of Thursday.—qieial Part.]
ORDINANCE OF THE KING.
" Charles, by the Grace of God, King of
France and Navarre.
" Not judging it necessary to maintain any
longer the measure which was adopted under dif-
ferent circumstances against abases of the free-
dom of the Journals, by the advice of our Coun-
cil, we have ordained, and ordain as follows :-
4' Art:.l. The Ordinance of .the 15th of August
last, which enforces anew the laws of the 31st df
March, 1820, and 26th July,lB2l, shall cease'to
have effect.
" 2. Our Keeper of the Seals, Minister .Secre-
t
tary of State oflustice, and our Minister Seem-
' .tary of State of the interior, are charged each in
what concerns him 'with the execution of the pre-
sent Ordnance.
Given at our Palace of the Tuileries, the 29th day of the
month of September, the year of our Lord, 1823, and the
first of our reign.
" By the King, "CHARLES.
" The Keeper of the Seals, Minister Secretary of State in the
Department of Justice.
" Comte PEYRONNET"
The Non-Official Part contains, under the
head of " Ministry of.the Finances," a notice re-
lative to the certificates of the negociations of the
43,114,516 francs in .rentcs ; that the holders of
the said certificates are informed that the fif-
teenth-twentieth, payable on the Bth of October
next, will be received at the Royal Treasury,
dating from the 'lst of that month.
From the Journal des Debuts.)
PARIS, SEPT. 29.—T0-morrow the King will
have a grand review in the Champ de Mars.
There will be on the ground 40 battalions fur-
nished by the National Guard, the Guard and
the Regiments of the Line of the Garrison of
Paris, and 35 squadrons of the same troops ; also
six Brigades of Artillery, three on foot and three
on horseback, making altogether about 20,000
men.
The infantry will be drawn up in seven lines,
its right at the Military School ; the cavalry in
three' lines, its right to the Seine ; the artillery
ip two'lines, facing the Military School.
These 20,000, under the orders of the Major
General on Duty, (the Marshal the Duke of
Reggio) will he -reviewed by his Majesty, and
will file off before hint.
(From the Birdie, dated net 1.)
PARIS, SEPT. 30.—Fiver since his Recession to
the Throne, Charles X. has not ceased to ',hew
his affable disposition to all who were called
about him. M. de Chateaubriand was seen to
have the most flattering reception from his Ma.
• jest), ; M. Casimir Perrier, invited to wait on
the Monarch, in his quality of Member of the
Opposition, has also been treated with much at-
tention. All the words of the 'Prince shewed a
desire to see all political animosities cease, but
it was necessary to destroy one of the causes
which most contributed to 'cherish them. The
establishment of the Censorship had alienated
eAreat part of the nation, To maintain it would
have been -Itintlering for a long time the fusion of
parties, and suffering an obstacle to subsist to all
reconciliation, or at least arrangement between
• the partisans of the present Minist! y and the va-
rious classes of the Opposition, which this Mi-
nistry had created by the conduct it had adopted.
.oC:harks X. was sensible of this, and though no
public act has revealed the intention of the Mo.
narch, it was generally anticipated. For this week
past it has been perceived that the Censorship had
relaxed in its rigour ; doubtless it presaged that
its end approached. At leneth, the Moniteur of
• this morning publishes the Ordinance which re•
stores to us the Freedom of the Press, and which
was so impatiently looked for by all the friends
of the welfare of France. This Ordinance has
caused universal satisfaction. The slavery of the
press is oo longer conformable to the manners of
the nation ;it is decidedly adverse to it. CharlesX.
could not commence his reign under happier aus-
pices ; —ma y the future not deceive the 'hopes
held out by the present.

(Front the Etoile, Sept. 30. )
P,►ttts, SEPT. 29.—After mass, the King pre.
sided in the Council of Ministers, which sat from twelve till .
three o'clock ; the Dauphin was present.
The landing of the Capitan Pacha at Samos, anti the Egyp-
tlan expedition against the Morea, will probably decide the fate
of this campaign, if not of the whole war. We tremble when
we recollect that the Capitan Pacha himself has appeared dis-
contented with the great assemblage of troops on the coast of
Natoli*, it not being his intention to burn Santos, and still less to
deliver it up to these barbarians. Ever since the 30th July, an
assemblage of considerable forces has been forming without in-
termission, and the Capitan Pacha •wilt be compelled to take
the island by storm. On the filth of August the Turkish fleet,
consisting► of 133 vessels, sailed for the Channel of Scio, pro-
bably intending to proceed to Samos. Meantime Athens is
invested by 6 or 7,000 Turks,• including 100 horse, who ravage
the country, and advance,to the walls of the citadel; it is in a
good state of defence, and has a garrison ot'4oo men, command-
ed by Goitre, the Governor; it has provisions fur three years.
The Greek Governor, in his sallies, kills and takes prisoners
some Turks who venture into the city._
On the 26th of July there was a serious action near Salons, in
which the Greeks lost 23 standards, and 3 cannons ; the Turks
List 400 men. Accounts from Salamis say that the Turkish
forces in that part of the Mom do not exceed 14,000 or 15,000
men, including those of Negripont.
•Tito Greeks being informed that the army of Ibrahim Pacha
is on its way to Macri and Rhodes, have-put in motion all their

Marine to surprise it in its progress.
.It is thought that Ibrahim is going against Hydra and Spex-
zia, the garrisons of which have been reinforc,...d by Greek Al-
b.anians,,and troops from the island Skyathos, which have been
brought by MiatilN on hoard eight of his vessels.
The Greek squadron at anchor before Hydra received on the
7th August three months' pay. This explains why on the fith
there were no Greek vessels off Samos, towards which the Ca-
picot Pacha was directing his course.
It has been resolved at Samos, irthe Turks should invest the
island too closely, to lioist at every point the .English flag, and
to claim the support of that power.
The loan contracted at London has been entirely paid.
The Egyptian fleet was under sail•oa the 11th August be-
tween 31acri anti Rhodes. It is composed. of 9 frigates, 14
three-masted.corvettes, 40 brigs at schooners, and about 250
merchantmen of all nations., almost all' European, but no
"renal. The transports,.have Atyitnnacnsit and pro..
