IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Mincir 7.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack
,13ortly after Five o'clock.
Petitions were presented by the Earl of Ilardwicke,
from Ely and Cambridge, for the abolition of slavery, and
from Wiabeach, in favour of the Local Courts Bill ; by
Lord Stanhope, from a parish in Kent, for the repeal of
the malt tax, against the tithe system, and complaining of
distress ; by Lord Radnor, in favour of Parliamentary
Reform, from Wartville ; by the Archbishop of York,
against slavery; by Lord King, from Wicklow, praying
for an alteration in the tithe system, and from several
other maces to the same effect.

PARLIAMEN FARY REFORM.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE saki that on Thursday last he
had given notice of his intention to more on Thursday
next for certain returns respecting the population of seve-
ral towns and counties. for the purpose of introducing
that important subject, which occupied the attention of
every person in the kingdom at the present moment. At
the time he did so, he certainly had not a contemplation
that the discussion of the subject in another place would be
in the state in which it now was,—(Hear, hear.)—He
therefore thought, under the present circumstances, that
important question could. not now be conveniently discussed
in that House. He should, therefore, withdraw his order
for that day, nor could he fix any precise time on which
he could bring it forward ; but he must say he would take
the earliest opportunity, consistently with the convenience
of the House, of bringing the question under discussion.
Earl GREY observed that the Noble Lord, when he
announced his intention the other day, exercised his own
•discretion as to the time when he should move for those
returns—(Hear, hear)—and he (Earl Grey) did not ob-
ject to the course intended tube pursued by the Noble Lord;
and he could assure the House that he was not at all de-
sirous of postponing the discu‘sion, as he was perfectly
prepared to enter into the discussion of the question in
the fullest manner—(Hear, bear)—whenever it came be-
fore the House, and whenever it should please the Noble
Lord to bring it forward.—(Cheers.)
The Duke of SUSSEX presented a petition from
Hammersmith, praying for Parliamentary Reform.—
in doing so his Royal Highness felt himsel called
upon to say a few words. The petitioners prayed for vote
by ballot, though that was not the opinion of the inhabit-
ants of that populous district in general. He could
not help expressing to the Noble Earl, his friend,
who presided over the councils of his Majesty, his
roost hearty thanks for the manner in which he had
brought forward the measure of Reform—(Cheers)—and
he would assure him when it came forward for discussion
in that House, it should meet with his hearty and warm
support.—(Loud cheers.)
