FRENCH PAPERS.

Sr. PETERSBURGII, JULY 28.-Our Co in Ga-
zette of to-day gives, us the following details of the
military operations in Finland

" On the 3d July, Colonel WLASTOW found,
near Lindulax, 1600 of the. enemy's 'troops, witit
twoTieces of cannon, under the orders of Major
VEAN, occupying an advantageous position. Both
our flanks,: which the enemy surrounded, were at
first obliged
.to retire ; but the Grenadiers of Asaw
gallantly charged with the bayonet, and drove the
enemy back ; when a squadron of Dragoons, com-
manded. by Lieutenant-Colonel PRITTWITZ, com-
pletely routed them. The enemy wished to take up
his former positions, but irling attacked by the
whole•detachment, he was put to flight in great dis-.
order, when a part took the great road to Gamla
CarJeby, and part that of Wasa. The troops of the
enemy suffered greatly on the road to Wasa ; their
loss in killed consists of 100 Men,' among which is
an. Adjutant of Brigade. A Captain, two 'Lieute
nants, and 50 men, have been made prisoners. Our
loss in killed and wounded amounts to 150 men.
" The enemy has reinforced the Fleet before Abo,
and the a&ual number of his Ships and Transports
,there is 120. The Commander in Chief being
aware of the superiority of the enemy, has drawn
all his force towards Abo.

" The third division of our Fleet has received or-
ders to unite with the first. The Commander in
Chief expeaed, on the Bth, to be, attacked every
moment,

‘c The division of the Fleet which arrived at •
Sweaborg on the sth has received orders to go to
Parkalaut, Boristmd, and Handgudd. Gen. KLINGs'
POit was at 13ragasta, on the 6th, with 8000 men
and 25 pieces of cannon. On the Bth of July Go'
neral BEJINSKI being informed that the enemy had
advanced on the 7th to Lappo, which he occupied
in the night, our chasseurs attacked the enemy ill
front, whilst the musqueteers cut off their retreat.
Our troops fell with wet) impetuosity on the Swedes,
that they were.beaten.at all points, and would most
certainly have lost their artillery if Major pI.ATA,
Now had not been wounded. The enemy left about
quo men dead on the•tit.-Id of battle, and half of his
detachment has been dispersed-40 men have beell
found among the wounded. On our side, We
haovuel acl
not 7aslionwiettils kidt()l lveiassc:ire
lxivicemenndeeidn.y The heat
more- than
ten versts."—(Moniteur, dfug.'2.)
_ •

MAILS.
ARRIV;2-1 Dublin, x Watexfoni. Dux-2, Gottenburgba
WAterford.

PRICE ()i STOCKS
THIS DAY AI •rwt.L.v E O'CLOCK.
CODSOIS • • -1! 644 thpnium x*dis.

TII E S J. N. -

lOLIM Qt./1$ DICRRE 17.'.1SUY. AUDIAT ?

LON D 0
k,TURDAT, 5El'l EMBER 17, 1308.

• We• have this day laid before our Readers the
Gazelle Extraorlllary, containing- the details re'
speding the Convqtion entered into between the
British and French Commanders in Portugal. We
entertained a hope that the perusal of the Letter of
Sir HEW DALRYMPLE might account satisfaeloribr
for the very favourable terms granted by an Argil
so suptrier in numbers, and after two decisive vie'
tories : in that hope we confess we have been dinar
pointed. We. trust our Readers will forgive es if
we decline the inortifying task of. commenting ill
detail upon these Articles—they require no Coln"
men t. •

Orders were sent down yesterday by the T ele"
graph, to Deal, for Admiral GAatmptes.
Squadron
or
in the Downs to sail to tht; Northward 3 it was
vosed that their destination was the Baltic.

. Our Letters from Cork state., that Sir D. BAIRD'S
,Expedition had not sailed on' the loth. It was,
however, generally supposed that it would sail on
the Icah or 13th, if the wind permitted.

We are happy to announce the arrival of the Marc
(pis Da RomANA at Yarmouth. Ho was received
in the most distinguished manner by Admiral
Auss eLL.

YESTERDAY evening a Mail from Gottenburghar.
rived. It brings an account of an. AL' betweeP
Sir SAMUEL Hoot) and the Russian. Fleet in tho
Baltic. It appears that Sir SAMUEL HOOD had,
with two Sail of the Line, joined the Swedish Fleets
with which he sailed in pursuit of the Russians. The
Russian Admiral, apprized of their approach, quitted
Henga Roads on the 25th of August : he was, haw"
ever, overtaken by the Combined Squadron. The
British Ships, the Centaur and the Implacable, being
much better sailers thati the Swedes, succeeded in
bringing the rear of the Russian Fleet to action, and
one of their Line-of-battle Ships struck her colours.
The whole of the Russian Fleet then bore down to
rescue her, in which they succeeded; but she was
again attacked by the Centaur, and carried by board-
ing-; she unfortunately, however, got agrOund, and
Sir S. Hoop was obliged, after taking nut the pa'
soners, to burn her. The Swedish Fleet at that tinct3
coming up, the Russian Admiral crowded all sail And
took let' ige in Port where h Was blocked

1~

- n

1111 vrl en the 6si `tictiltinis cline away,
united British and Sweslish Fleets. The Ilqssiaps
immediately upon entering 'Port Baltic, began to
erect works for the ProietAion of their Fleet;
upon an Island which ccirrimands the 'entrance of
the Harbour. When this intelligence reached
Sweden, orders were given for the embarkation of
a body of Troopi, for the purpose of reducing the
Island, Sir JAMES SAUMARRZ had joined Sir S.
hoof with four Sail of the Line. Lieut. THOMPSON
arrived at the Au uiralty yesterday with the above

Tae two Reports from the French Minister of
Foreign Ai-faits, which appeared in our Paper of yes-
terday, atiord additional proof, if any could be want
ing, of the deplorable state of, slavery to which the
11-°,)le oi*Fr.mce are reduced, in being wholly at the
ni'reV of their insolent Ruler, who may dispose of
their lives as he thinks proper. It is evident that
the whole sithstance of these Reports had been pre-
vi,,ttilY tr cited by" the Usurper himself, and that all
that remained fur the Minister was to annex his
sign ware to them. The main object of these Papers
Seems to be to justify the Usurper t 1 his 'attempt to
ob atn pos,ession of Spain,, to manifest indeed tilts
m•ce,sity of rendering it. a mere province of Frat3ce,,-.
and to urge him to a perseverance in his en-
deavours to secure it. For this purpose the most
detestable positions are advanced. The Tyrant
is told tam " every thing that leads to this
,end (pos-
sessing ttia. Maritime resources of Spain) is legiti-
mate ;" that " what policy suggests, justice autho-
rizes," and other maxims of the same cast. But
with as much absurdity as impudence the Report
asks if " that blood, of which the Nation is prodigal
for the defence of its own interests, should be shed
for the interest of a foreign King, whose fate is of
ho consequence to France.". This passage is in-
tended to refer to the late unfortunate King of Spain,
but it is equally applicable td JOSEPH, who is cer-
tainly a foreign King and Frenchmen may ask why
they are to shed their blood for his sake. It may,
howeVer, be observed, that his fate cannot be
considered as " of no consequence to France," be-
cause if. he could be placed •upon the Spanish
Throne the lives of Frenchmen would het saci-
ficed• upon all occasions, In order to
..ke•w. him_
there, which would not be the case with its iegiti-
Mate monarch. But due of the most outrageous
in-
sults Upon common sense is the passage which says,
that the Junta assembled at Bayonne had adopted a
,itistituft.ti fur Spain, " after a FREE and MA;TURE

clis,=ussion !r' It is needless to Comment on the
reedom. of that body of Spaniards who deliberated
with the swords at their breasts, and who must
chiefly have been composed of traitors or cowards.
The report hol Is- forth the great advantages which,
are likely to result front the probability of At length
meeting the English, and fighting them man 'to
man." This declaration is somewhat
_unlucky,
for the Minister, just after the aCtions Tor':
tugal, where it must be acknowledged that 'the
Valour and Military skill of Britons were manifest,
Wbaterer may be thought of the Negotiations which
ha% e followed. But it would be ridiculous to enter
into an analysis of such a mass of self-adulation,
impudence, and falsehood, which the Corsican
Tyrant has °Ai Wed upon the world under the form.
of Reports from his Minister for Foreign Affairs.
The chief purpoSe of these Reports, and of Boo-
tAPAR,TE'S Message in answer, is, to induce the
Ininds of Frenchmen to submit quietly to their
yoke, and, to
his prepare them to expe& new sacrifices.
army is to be augmented, not only, as we be-
fore observed
to keep the Continent in check,. and
to renew rile attempt upon Spain, but to preVent all
danger of insurreftion..at home, by the terrors of an
ovvrwhelming military force. The Tyrant professes
to rely on the Court of Vienna; but at the same
time, as one reason for increasing his army, he ob-
serves,, that Austria has been doing the same, and
that " its military force is out of all proportion 'to its
population and finances'"---a proof of the jealousy
with which he watches that Power, and that he is,
bc/t Wholly without alarm as to its intentions.
mother proof of his alarms, notwithstanding
'his pretended security, may be gathered fioro,
`'hat he says after declaring his entire confi-
deuce in Russia. I have no doubts respe&ing the
peace of the Continent, but I neither will, nor
ought to rely on the false calculations and the er-
rors of other Courts ; and. since my neighbours in-
crease their armies, it is a duty incumbent on me to
increase mine." • Here, indeed, the facet is at va-
riance with the declaration, for if he bad not re-
lied on " the false calculations and errors of other
Courts," he would long since have tug bled from his
ekvittion ; for on those " false calculations and er-
rors" his success has been founded ; otherwise his
insolence, his injustice, and oppression, would have
met with proper resistance, and due punishment.
1.7

•
esterday morning firs MAJESTY, Princesses So-
PHIA, AUGUsTA, and AMELIA, accompanied by Lady
GEoRGE MvEIIAY and daughter, and Generals Goat
tild FITZIWY, role in Wi:rdsor :'ark; and returned
to the Palace at twelve 0',..16c1c.
