SIR C. WETH.ERELL AT OXFORD.

Sir Charles Wetherell is making great exertions to se-
cure his return for the city of Oxford. He represente•
that city on a former occasion, but having, in 1826, de-
serted the city when he offered himself for the University,
he gave great offence to the citizens, who presume be
would not have sought their support if he had any chance
elsewhere. His claims to the support of the town ar,
grounded on his being a member of the corporation, and
also on the circumstance of his being a native of th
county—his birth-place being the village of Cowley,
about two miles from Oxford. He is strongly supported
by the high Tory party, but the majority of the voter,

Sir JOHN SCOTT LILLIE (who was received with great
Applause) informed the meeting, that the question put to
bin by their Chairman was one he could reply to in a
to at
in satisfactorywithmanner.Mr. Hume, Heoeosz and a
concurred ons
those
thatvaluable
o cca
•
mun
epresentative hid given no reason since to induce him
Sir J. S. Lillie) to alter the favourable opinion he then
ntertained of him, he felt satisfied that no other result
eouid follow than his re-eleciion. He then went into an
ible statement of his rea,sons for supporting the measures
idvocated by Mr. Hume. and for oppo4ing those professed
y the two other candidates. In adverting to the vote by
ha lot, he observed, that although Mr. B)ng and Lord
Henley declared themselves averse to pl dgea, they did not
on that account appear to perceive the inconsistency of
dledgiug tnemselves to vote against that rue.sure ;
ae added, th.y were all ph dged on that question, two tut
e, and two against it. With respect to tithes, it ap..
geared that similar pledges or declarations had been made.
His reasons fur differing in opinion with the adverse can.
Mateo were, that he wer(ained, on referring to coat

peat commentator of the laws of England (Blackstone),
It was stated by him that the tithes bad been originally
divided into three parts—one for the support of the clergy
--one fnr the support of the Church—and the other for
the poor.—(Cheers.) If, added Sir John, no act of the
Legislature can be produced to authorize the misappropria-
tion now so generally complained of, it cannot he denied
that the rights of the poor have been thus usurped._
(Loud cheers)—from whence resulted poor-rates, church-
rates, and other exactions which press so heavily upon the
middle and industrious classes..—(Cheers)—and which to
his knowledge as a Magistrate, have occasioned respect-
able families, on having been summoned for the payment
of those exactions, to pledge whatever little valuable
articles they possessed, rather than expose their poverty
before the Magistracy and their fellow-parishioners. Then,
added the Gallant Candidate, if you wish to protect your-
selves from pawnbrokers' pledges, you will exact pledges
from your candidates on these important points—hut,
added be, mind that the pledges are on the right side.
He concluded, after various other observations, which gave
great satisfaction to the meeting, amidst the greatest ap-
plause, and loud cheering for Hume and Lillie.
Thanks being voted to the Chairman, the meeting
separated.

EAST SURREY.
On Tuesday evening a most revectable and numerowly
Wended meeting of the electors of the Eastern Division
of Surrey, was held at the Spread Eagle, Wandsworth,
to hear an explanation of the political principles of J. T.
Allen, Esq., one of the candidates for its representation.
It is rather a singular circumstance that the principle sup-
porters of Mr. Allen, who professes to be a Whig, ire
Tories.

Mr. ALLEN, having been introduced to the meeting,
said that he came forward as an advocate for peace, reform,
and retrenchment. He had long supported these princi-
ples, He voted for Mr. Whitbread and for Mr. Denni-
►.on. As those principles were supported by the present
Administration, be should give them his support if re-
turned. After stating the arguments for and against, he
said he was in favour of Septennial Parliaments—hut he
could not give a decided opinion.—(ob, oh!) If those
individuals whose opinions he respected, such as the pre•
sent Administration, were inclined to advocate Triennial
Patlisments, he confessed, under those circumstances, Ye
should support the measure.—(Applause and hisses, au
cries of " Answer the question.") He believed, then,
that if they had a Septennial Parliament that did its duty,
they would not be anxious for Triennial Parliaments.—
( Disapproba t ion. )

An ELECTOR asked Mr. Allen's opinions on the ballot.
Mr. ALLEN was opposed to the ballot.—(Disapproba-
tion ) It had not answered in America and France. He
Ayoub] ask any Gentlemen present whether they could con-
ceal their opinions from their friends.
'Mr. REEVES—That is not the point—it is concealment
from our enemies that we require.--(Applause.)
Mr. ALLEN proceeded. He would advocate economy
as far as possible. In answer to a question, he said he was
anxious to get rid of the assessed taxes; and if the Go-
vernment said they could not afford to lose so large a re-
venue, then be should be in favour of the substitution of a
graduated property tax.--(Applause.) He believed he
bad now Rene through every point.—(" The Church and
the Tithes.") He was favourable to Church Reform, and
he wished to see the tithes commuted.—(Oh !) He de-
tested slavery; but he begged it to be distinctly understood
that he would not go into the House of Commons pledged,'
—(Loud hisses and partial applause.) As to emancipation,
he must say that he was not inclined to sacrifice -in one
moment the interests which the planters had in the cola-
nies.—(Strong disapprobation.)
_ _

Mr. CAstvELr. asked Mr. Allen's opinion on the subject
of flogging in the army and navy.—(Don't flogging arid
slavery go together ?)

Mr. ALLEN confessed he did not expect such a question
would be put to hire. He had himself been flogged at
Winchester, and he thought he had been benefited by it.—
(Laughter.) In many cases other punishments might he
substituted, but it could net, in his opinion, be done away
with altogether.—(Disapprobation.)
An ELECTOR desired to know the candidate's opinions
nu the laws of primogeniture and entail ?
Mr. ALLEN confessed that was a question which re-
quired great consideration. He confessed it was a ques-
tion which did not occur to him. He had therefore only
a general opinion on the subject.
Mr. JouNsoN--A plain question is put to you, Sir;
hoar far will you go in altering the laws of primogeniture
and entail ?--(Cheers.)
Mr. ALLEN confessed he believed some alteration likely
to take place, but he was not an advocate for the system
adopted in France.—(That's no answer.)
Mr. NICHOLSON had listened to the Hon, Candidate,
and he must say that he appeared to him to be wanting in
that fixedness of opinion and decision of character which
they ought to require in the man whom they sent to tie
House of Commons.—(Loud cheers.)
A GENTLEMAN, whose name we could not learn, agreed
with the observations of the last speaker. There appeared
nothing like decision of character about the Hon. Can-
didate.

Mr. ALLEN was net aware that there was any indeci-
sion except about triennial Parliaments, and he thought
that was a question which, not having been lately argued,
was likely to be much better understood by gentlemen of
talent in the House of Commons than by the people ge-
nerally, whose attention had been called to it only in a
casual way.—(Loud disapprobation ; cries of " Mon-
strous ;" " Shocking.")
Mr. JOHNSON declared that such an assertion was a
pointed insult to the electors. It was, in fact, tellit.;
them that they had neither discrimination nor common
sense.—( Loud cheers.)
Mr. ALLEN, after a few observations, made his bow to
the electors ; but no resolution was moved in his favour.
About eight or ten, at the outside, gave him three cheers,
on quitting the room ; which was answered by three
hearty groans, and three tremendous cheers for Major
Beauclerk's return.

CHICHESTER.—The ensuing election fur this city will
in all probability be contested, a candidate, in the person
of Wm. Parrott Carter, Esq., of Lincoln's Inn, being
likely to appear.—Portsmouth Herald.
TIPPERARY.-Mr. Pennefather, son of Baron Penne-
father, and the Hon. Mr. Callaghan, brother of Lout Lis-
more, are canvassing for the county of Tipperary.
WESTMINSTER.—The Conservatives deny the report that
Sir G. Cockburn and Sir G. Murray have, or ever had,
any intention of coming forward for Westminster.
COUNTY KILKENNY—W. F. FINN, ESQ.—We find
by the last number of the Ailkenny Journal, that Lord
Duneanno❑ has formally bid adieu to the erectors of tie
county Kilkenny. His Lordship's Anti-Repeal principle,,,
and his connection with the Whigs have banished him
from a county in which he has hitherto been most popular.
The mass of the constituency in this independent county
are decided Tithe Abolitionists and Repealers, and there
cannot be the slighest chance of a contest when the peo-
ple have before them two candidates whose political opi-
nion, coincide with those of nine tenths of the present
constittlency. —Dublin Morning Register.

Mr. MANNERS SUTTON had an audience of
his MAJESTY on Monday, at St. James's Palace, for the
purpose of soliciting the favour usually awarded by the
Sovereign to the Speaker of the House of Commons, on
the eve of a dissolution of Parliament, of remaining in his
official residence until the appointment of his successor;
when it is understood that the KING was graciously pleased
to comply with the prayer of the Right Hon. Gentleman.
At 10 o'clock on Tuesday night, a deputation from the
University of Cambridge, consisting of the Rev. Dr.
CHATY, Master of Sidney Sussex College, Mr. TATHAM,
President of St. John's, and Mr. TERRY, Fellow of Tri-
nity, arrived in Palace-yard, and solicited the Ex-Speaker
to come forward for the University, on the Tory interest,
in conjunction with Mr. Gouutuuri, it having been an-
ct,unced that Mr. YATES PEEL retires, And that the Mi-
nistry do not intend, at present, to call up Mr. MANNERS
SUTTON to the House of Peers. The Right Hun. Gen-
tleman having taken farewell of his constituents at Scar-
borough, acceded to the wishes of the requisitionists ; and
yesterday morning he left Palace-yard for Cambridge, to I
prosecute his canviss. Mr. GOULEURN met the deputa-
tion at Mr. MANNERS SUTTON'S residence, and conferred
with them on the subject of his re-election. We under-
stand that so confident was the Speaker, at the adjourn-
ment of Parliament, that he would shortly receive the dig-
nity of the Peerage, that be was proceeding to make ar.
rangements for his removal from Palace-yard, to one of
the new mansions in Belgrave-square. The reason as-
signed for the non-elevation of Mr. MANNERS SUTTON to
the Peerage is understood to he his political opinions,
which, from education, family connections, and association,
are decidedly Tory.—Morning Herald.
Mr. BENTLEY is about to publish " The
History of the Origin and Services of the Coldstream
Guards," by Colonel MaciaNNorr. This regiment,
which is the oldest in the British service, was raised by
General MoNcx, about the year 1659, and was instru-
mental in the restoration of the exiled CHARLES, for which
purpose it was marched from Coldstreim to London. It
has since been engaged upon almost all occasions where the
honour of the British arms was to be sustained, whether in
Germany, Spain, or France. The work is to be dedi-
cated by permission to his MAJESTY.
