THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY).

CITY, T IYE I,V E 0' CL 0 CK.
Our arrivals this mottling are the French and Hamburg
mails, with ship letters from Dowrinica, Madeira, Philadelphia,
Jamaica, and Sierra Leone ; fronti Bombay, December 25 ;
the Cape of Good hope, February fP; and New York,
March d 4:
Tne Montreal Papers say, that the Constitutionalists of
Quebec were to meeli tollsidet the present state of afLirs,
and more particularly the following paragraph :
" We have at least the satisf4aCt?on of seeing that the inha-
bitants of this province, of every creed anA of every origin, arc
satisfied with the share they have in the proviatial representa-
tion, and our fellow subjects of the less numerous class in par-
ticular, acknowledge that we have endeavoured to insure to all
the inhabitants of the country, a participation in its political
and natural advantages. We perceive in this happy union
another guarantee of good Government, and an antidote
against the tortuous policy which it is sought to support by
unequal distinctions."
By the packet ship from New York, accounts have been re-
ceived to the 25th ult., which represent the people of the
United £4tates as labouring under apprehensions on the sub-
ject of slavery. Those who seek its abolition will not desist
from pursuing their object ;_ while those who are ranged on
the opposite side cannot endure the presentation of any peti-
tion against slavery. In other respects the Republic is in a
very flourishing state. The price of flour and cotton is higher
in 'New York than it is in Liverpool. The late fire has
caused such a demand for labour, that workmen obtain two
dollars per day.
Bliazit. AND PERU. —We have received a file of Rio Papers
to the sth of Feb. The revolution in Rio Grande was sub-
siding. The Legislative Assembly of the Province adhere to
their allegiance to the Don Pedro family. Commander
Jewet sailed for New York to purchase two armed steam-
boats, and some gun-boats, ammunition, &c., to be sent with
all possible expedition to Para.
From Peru, news had reached Rio, that Santa Cruz arrived
at Areguifa with 2,000 men, having left 11,000 at Casco. He
was joined by Obregosa with 2,000 Peruvians. Salavery's
army was in retreat.

TIIE FUNDS.
Consols opened this morning at 914 for Money, and 91i /
for the Account, little doing as yet ; Exchequer Bills, 18 20 ;
India Bonds, 5 7 ; Bank Stock, 212 213 ; India Stock, 258 259.
Spanish Active Bonds are all alive, owing to two import-
ant events—First, the advertisement of the Spanish dividend
in the morning journals ; secondly, the speech of Lord Mel-
bourne in the House of Lords, in relation to the Spanish war,
in which he states it was their imperative duty to put an end
to the war, upon every consideration of national policy, and
even of humanity. By this important admission from his
Lordship, it is considered that the French Government will
not be backward in aiding ours, to accomplish that desirable
event.
Spanish Active Bonds opened at 48-a, and are at present
461 / ; Passive, 14415 ; Deferred, 221 23 ; Portuguese, 843- ;
Three per Cents., 531 541; Colombian, 32/ 331 ; Mexican,
354 364 ; Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 561 -; Five
per Cents., 1011
The French unds come rather better from Paris.—Five
per Cents., 107 f. 95c. ; Three per Cents., 81f. 90c. ; Ac-
tive Spanish, 461.

HALF-PAST ONE.

POSTED AT THE NoirTir AND SOUTH AMERICAN COFFEE-
HOUSE.—STORM IN UPPER CANADA.—" It seems that Sir
Francis Head his been enabled to sail in smooth water but a
very brief period of his political voyage in Upper Canada.
When he commenced his adminisiration all the liberal tongues
and pens were loud in his praise, and their joy at his accession
That which was felt
to the Government was only equalled by
on the retirement of Sir John Colborne. 01 opening a To-
ronto paper this morning, however, we were sta..-tled by the
following annunciation in the words and letters followir,j, viz. :
" Highly important !—Dissolution of the Executive Cou:noil,
by the resignation of all its Members, which was acceptbid
late on Saturday afternoon. Messrs. Robinson, Markland,
Wells, Dunn, Baldwin, and Rolph, no longer Executive
Councillors; and Sir Francis and his Algerine Government
exposed."
Accompanying this annunciation is a long and furious com-
mentary, filled with abuse of the new Government, but afford-
ing no direct information as to the cause of the resignations.
Only one paper was received with the proceedings, which was
sent to Government.
Consols are not so good as in the morning, and may be
quoted at present 91i 1 Money, and 911- for the Account ;
Exchequer Bills, 18 20; India Bonds, 5 7 ; Bank Stock,
212, 213 ; India Stock, 258 259.
In the Foreign Market the favourite speculation this morn-
ing is in Spanish Active Bonds, which are 481 49y ; Passive,
14,1 15; Deferred, 22i 23; Portuguese, 84i; Three per
Cents., 541 55 ; Colombian, 321 331; Mexican,4 435 361 •
5
Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., Hi ,15-.
We hear that Mendizabal will have a majority in the Cham-
bers, on the Address to the Queen, of from 30 to 40 votes.

THREE 0' CL 0 C.K.

Consols for the Account, 91 I i.

We have the best authority for stating that letters
have been received by parties of the highest respectability in
the monetary circles here, announcing that one of the largest
joint-stock banks in this kingdon is about to increase its capi-
tal from two to ten millions. At present we do not deem our-
selves at liberty to point out more directly the highly-respect-
able and well, conducted establishment to which we allude ;
but we trust that, if they do follow out this determination,
their future issues will be regulated by the increase or decrease
of the commerce of the country, rather than by regulating
them by the plenty or scarcity of gold, or the mock rule of
the Exchange--two principles of governing the circulating
medium of a State like this, than which nothing could be de-
vised more mischievous in character to • the welfare and secu-
rity of the commercial, maritime, manufacturing, or shipping
interests. This establishment, by pursuing their present de-
termination, will prove a most formidable opponent to the
Bank of England, and convert its irksome, and, to itself, dan-
gerous duty of supporting the best interests of the empire,
when they most need it, into a mere sinecure. , This an-
nouncement has been so confidentially made that Its purport
was not generally known, but it is the opinion of the best in-
formed that this operation will certainly tend to reduce the dis-
count transactions of the Bank of England. We find to-day,
that in addition to the fact that gold was leaving this country
under the final operations of th Slavery Abolition Act, the
scarcity of money has created also a demand for the New
York market, and that the agents of Don Carlos have suc-
ceeded in transmitting a large.amount to the frontiers'of Spain.
—Morning Herald.

There were yesterday exposed to sale in Covent-
garden Market, but in small quantities, English green peas,
soma imported from Portugal, strawberries, new potatoes,
French beans, some good-sized cucumburs, and asparagus.
The lace trade, this week, has not revived. The
report from the late fair, at Frankfort, is very favourable, and
we hope this will lead to a demand from some of the foreign
houses. The consumption of net is regular, but it is not cer-
tainly to the extent which at this period of the year we might
expect it to have reached.—Nottingham Review.
On the day of the Epiphany, at Moscow, the con-
secration of the waters takes place every year. A temple is
erected for this purpose on the frozen surface of the Moscowa,
and a hole is made in the ice. The clergy then bless the
water, and the baptism of newly-born infants, by immersion in
it, takes place. This year, a St. Petersburg Paper observes,
not a single child perished from it, although the cold was 24
degrees at the time.

We understand that her Majesty the Queen Dow-
ager of Naples, mother of his Highness the Prince of Capua,
Is expected to pay a visit shortly to this country on matters
relating to the marriage of her second son with Miss Penelope
Smyth. The Prince and his lady live rather secluded, and
pay few visits. A brother of the lady, a Mr. Smyth, has
joined them during the week.
MARRIAGE ABROAD.—Yesterday, at Paris, was
married at the British Embassy, the Baron de Braidenback,
of Darmstadt, to Charlotte, daughter of Admiral Sir Charles
Qgle, Bart., of Worthy, Hants. Tha bride is neice to the
Hon. Mrs. Talbot, of Malahide, and to Lady Deere.
MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE.—On Thursday, at
St, George's, Hanover-square, Lord Oxmantown, son of the
Earl of Rosse, was united to Miss Field, daughter of J. Field,
Esq. There was present at the wedding, the Earl and
Countess of Rosso, Mr. and Lady Jane Knox, the Earl and
Countess of Norbury, the Ladies Toler, &c. It is said that
Lord Rosse's second son, the Hon. Lawrence Parsons, is
about to be united to the Lady E. Toler almost immediately.
