Negro apprenticeship system.
tended ;but we 7-
meeting was well at-
. gret to adds that its harmony was greatly
uisturbed by thdill-Itttlged interference of a few IlltiraLßadi-
talt) Who wished to mix up with t,ht.t tegro slavery question
the sufferings of tht.t 1',60r in this country, from the com-
bined r...fftets of low wages, dear bread) and what they are
pleased to denounce as the master-grievance—the New
Poor-Law Amendment Act. It is with regret that we find
ourselves obliged thus prominently to allude to the mista-
ken public conduct of any portion of the Radical body ;
but we must, out of regard to them, express our strong
dissatisfaction at the pialitical courses which they have been
recently pursuing on several rather memorable occasions.
What is there to prevent the ultra-Radicals of Manches-
ter from calling public meetings to petition for the removal
of any grievance of which they may suppose themselves
entitled to complain ? Nothing. And if their calls
are rot responded to, what further proof do they
require of their own, or their cause's unpopularity ? If
they cannot prevail on those whom they regard as op-
pressed to raise their voices against the oppression, it is
plain that the alleged sufferers are indifferent to their
wrongs, or that they feel a contempt for the personal cha-
racter, or for the abilities, of those offering to procure them
redress. In either case prudence dictates a modest de-
ference to the obvious, though tacitly expressed, opinion of
the people. But the Ultra-Radicals of Manchester appear
to think. differently. Because they will not be heard, they
seek by clamour to drown the voices of others. From a
principle of revenge, originating in miserable ignorance and
self-conceit they would prolong the curse of slavery in the
West Indies, rather than allow the question to be settled
without an endeavour to mix up with it an heterogeneous
medley of complaints about the condition of the working
classes in England, Scotland, and Ireland. Such mis-
taken,conduct as this is greatly to be deplored, and if per-
severed in, must inevitably alienate from the Radical
party many moderate men, who otherwise would never
separate themselves from it. In addition to this, it
will prevent the accession to its ranks of hundreds who
would not only join, but be an honour to it, were its
influence directed, with honest zeal and discrimi-
nating judgment, to the gradual eradication of recog-
nised abuses. We therefore recommend the really
intelligent Radical Reformers of Manchester—and of
every other place in which such disgraceful scenes as those
reported to have occurred at the Anti-Slavery meeting on
Thursday last, shall take place—to call a meeting of their
own body, for the express purpose of disavowing all parti-
cipation in the proceedings of such men as Messrs. NIGHT-
INGALE and HUNT. The intemperance of such individuals
totally disqualifies them for the advocacy of any rational
cause, and it would be well indeed if the Reformers could
rid themselves of them altogether.

We recommend the speech of Mr. SCOBLE—replete as
it is with harrowing details of the cruelties inflicted upon
the defenceless Negro apprentices—to the earnest attention
of the British people. Mr. SCOBLE but describes the
horrors which he himself witnessed, and those who know
that gentleman most intimately, are the least disposed to
question the truth of his heart-sickening narrative. Should
this .speech fall into the hands of Mr. GLADSTONE, the
Hon. Member for Newark will be more cautious in boast-
ing of the happiness of the apprentices on the Wales Plan-
tation, in Deinerara, when he has next occasion to address
the House of Commons upon the subject.

We have again to call the attention of our countrymen
to the state of the Polish patriots now in England, who,
we regret to state, are at this moment in absolute desti-
tution. In appealing to public sympathy on behalf of
those who have been foremost, at every personal sacrifice,
to advocate the sacred and eternal cause of liberty, we
feel satisfied that our appeal will not be made in
vain. Every generous sentiment on which the English-
man justly prides himself, the Pole possesses in an
equal degree. If we have fought and struggled, through
evil report and good report, for freedom, so has he ;
and there is this only difference between the two, that the
Englishman has gained his cause, while the Pole has lost
his. We trust our countrymen will not allow these pa-
triotic emigrants to perish, but cherish and protect them,
in this, their hour of adversity. Our readers will per-
ceive by the following painful document that we have not
exaggerated the state of dreadful privation to which the
brave Polish emigrants arc now reduced.
" About two hundred of our countrymen whom the exceptional law
of the 21st of Al2liUitliteuhatigrigwiamitle..hospitablem9,4*
granted by Great Britain to the Poles previously arrived in this country,
although comprised in the same category of political refugees, are now
a prey to the most distressing penury.

_ .
"The praiseworthy efforts of those Honourable Lords and Gentlemen
who, through a generous feeling, formed themselves into the Literary
Society of the Friends of Poland, are since two months without effects,
their funds having been since that time totally exhausted—nay, they
have verbally declared to us and advertised that no hope was enter.
tained they should lie enabled to continue their philanthropic work.
" All our countrymen wishing to act up to the principle which made
them fight for the liberty and independence oftheir country against the
foreign tyranny, and being, moreover, perfectly aware of the difficulty
of earning the bitter bread of the exile, do not raise their wishes above
employment, or work, in whatever branch it may be, wherewith to gain
their honourable livelihood ; now it is known by any one that it is next
to impossible to obtain in England admission even to the humblest
work, without the succour of powerful recommendations.
" It is owing to this state of things that we, in the name of our for-
lorn countrymen, make an appeal to all the members of the English
nation, friends of the Polish cause and of humanity, that they will, ac-
cording to their respective iufluence, exert their powers to procure
work to our destitute countrymen, and by such a means prevent two
hundred men, whom many a bloody battle against the barbarians of the
North has spared from falling as many victims to the most horrible
wretchedness.

" The Committee will accept with gratitude all communications that
it may he judged convenient to address to them upon the subject.
" THE COMMITTEE OF THE POLISH EMIGRATION
IN ENGLAND.
" The President, J. DWERNICKI, General."
" For the Secretary, STOLZMAN."
125, Albany.place, Regent's-park, May 7, 1838."

The Town Council of Leeds on Wednesday last unani-

mously voted an Address to the QUEEN, and petitions to
both Houses of Parliament, praying for the immediate
abolition of that accursed system which, under the delu-
sive name of apprenticeship, gives increased effect to the
worst evils of slavery. In nothing is the great movement
which now agitates the country more remarkable than in
the unanimity of persons of all parties on the subject of
slave-emancipation. Whig, Tory, and Radical throw aside
those political antipathies, which at other times exercise so
repelling an influence on their minds, and unite cordia►ly
and harmoniously it, advocating the cause of outraged hu-
manity. Let the opponents of justice to the Negro mark
well this sign of the times, while it is in their power to
profit by it. It is now put beyond all doubt, that the great
mass of the people are deeply and permanently interested
in this question, awl that they will never cease from press-
ing it upon the Government, until the last link of the chain
of colonial slavery is broken.
We stated some time ago that we had season to believe

the Government had, from a conviction of the hopelessness
of roasting the popular will, more and more strongly cx.
pressed every day, resolved to withdraw their opposition
to immediate emancipation. We had our information from
a source on which we thought we could rely, but we have
not on that account relaxed our exertions, nor hinted that
the people should relax theirs, in this great cause. On the
contrary, it has been our constant endeavour to inculcate
upon the public the necessity of unremitted agitation, in
order to command success by a display of strength and
energy so combined as to be irresistible. This is the only
sure reliance in cases where there are powerful influ-
ences secretly at work, which no Ministry can venture to
disregard without a countervailing " pressure from without."
There are, we must confess, some circumstances which in-
cline us to doubt whether Ministers are not more disposed
to yield to the influences to which we have alluded than
they were a little time back. Among these we may men-
tion the appointment of Lord BELFAST to the office of Vice-
Chamberlain to the QUEEN, instead of Lord CHARLES
FITZROY, who has been dismissed, it is confidently reported;
in consequence of his vote on the abolition question. This,
it cannot be denied, has a very ugly appearance, and indeed,
without a full and satisfactory explanation, must be looked
upon as a declaration, on the part of Ministers, that they
still adhere to that unfortunate course of policy which has
already lowered them so much in the esteem of the wisest
and the best part of the nation.

But be this as it may, the people have in this, as in ail
similar cases, but one course to pursue. They will be true
to themselves, and to the noble cause in which their holiest
feelings are enlisted. They will press onward to the attainment
oftheir glorious object, with undiminished ardour, and undevi-
ating step,—looking neither to the right hand nor to the left,
fearing nothing from their enemies, and trusting nothing to
any friendship that is not based upon an unalterable convic-
tion of the justice and necessity of instant and unconditional
emancipation.

Circureetsuces have occurred which oblige Six EARDLICY

BAYONNE, MAY 4.—On the 27th Espartero came up with the expe-
dition of Negri, between Burgos and Brevicsca, and completely destroyed
it, Two thousand prisoners, of whom two hundred arc officers, and all
the Carlist baggage and artillery, have fallen into the hands of the Gene.
ral-in-Chief.

NARBONNE, Ma's 4.—Two Carlist companies, surrounded in the
Chateau of Oriesta, near Vich, by the troops of the Baron de Meer,
capitulated on the 30th.

On Saturday the Chamber of Deputies adopted, by a
mojority of 231 votes to 145, the Bill for reducing the in-
terest of the Five per Cents. to four and a half. The
Debats threatens that the measure, if proceeded with, will
be rejected by the Chamber of Peers, or, at all events, by
the KING. Were the French Cabinet not as te-
nacious of political being as a cat is of life,
half the defeats it has sustained would have ruined
it beyond the hope of recovery. What. effect this last
blow wig have upon it is yet uncertain.
The following are extracts from the Journals :

We have received the Barcelona journals of the 24th April. They
arc filled with details of the atrocities committed by the band of Trig-
tang at Monistral, into which the Carlists had been enabled to enter by
treachery. The weak garrison had taken refuge in the Church of the
town, and defended itself bravely. The Carlists ordered it to be set on
fire, when Baron de Meer fortunately arrived and delivered it. The
Carlist had fled at his approach. The Baron de Mcer found in the town
only ruins, ashes, and dead bodies.
The town of Cahore has just received the equestrian portrait of
Joachim Murat, Ex-King of Naples, which has been presented to it by
the Countess of Lipona.—Le Commerce.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, MAY
Five per Cents.. 107 E 75c.
Three per Cents., 80f. 70c.
Bank Actions, 2,700 f.
ftente de Naples, WOE 80c.
Roman Five per Cents.. 100 N %.
Spanish Actives, 21 14 ti.
Spanish Passives, 4%.
Belgian Loan, 103.
Belgian Bank, 1,447 f. 40c.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents. :22,4.
EXCHAING‘ oN LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 47,/'.c.; money, 25f. 45c.
Three months, paper. 25f. 32%r. ; money, —l. —C.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 108 f. Se.
Three per Cents., 80f. 20e.
Bank Actions, 2,700 f.
Romans lOUN,.
Belgian Romans,
103.
Belgian Bank, 1,447 f. 50e.

Por-tugue,e Three per Cents., 22%.
Spanish Actives, 21%.

Spanish Passivei, 43

Brussels and German Papers, of the latest dates, have
reached us this morning. The former bring no news of
the least political interest. We extract from the German
Journals the only two paragraphs they contain of any
general importance :
BELGRADE APRIL 16.—Accounts just received from Bitoglia say that
the Rumez Valessy has issued an ordinance, by which all merchants
settled in the provinces tinder his Government are forbidden, after the
expiration of two months from the publication of the ordinance, from
letting their merchandize come by any other channel than by way of
Durazzo. This ordinance is of considerable importance, because va-
rious interests are affected by it. The Servian Government in particu-
lar will suffer by losing a considerable revenue in Custom-house duties,
because most of the goods from Germany have hitherto gone by way of
Belgrade, and Prince Milosch is bound by treaty to pay annually to the
Porte 52,000 ducats for the cession of the import duties at Belgrade to
Servia ; next the Turkish merchants settled in Amnia will suffer, the trade
with those countries being chiefly in their hands, and this new ordinance
will oblige them to send their goods by way of Trieste, which will be
much more expensive than the way by which they are now sent, and
the decline in the price of the goods which will thus be occasioned, will
hinder them from fulfilling their engagements. It can scarcely be
doubted that the ordinance will not long remain in force, since the Aus-
trian as :well as the Servian Government, will protest against it, but
the temporary interruption is to be regretted ; particularly, since several
Macedonian merchants are now at Leipsic fair to purchase goods, and
the merchants are just preparing to send large quantities of goods to that
country, for the approaching fair at Perlipe, in Macedonia. Much sur-
prise is justly caused by such an ordinance, of a Turkish Governor, im.
peding commerce at a time when the Turkish Government is zealously
removing all such impediments to trade.—Frankfort Papers, 3d May.
ST. PETERSBURGII, APRIL 25.—An accident has happened on our
iron railroad to Zarskojelo, the shares of which we noticed in our
price-current so much below their original value, which is not calculated
to raise the price. Yesterday was fixed for the Imperial Court to make an
excursion on the railroad to Zarskojelo. Their Majesties had given
numerous invitations, and on the day before yesterday the officers of
the household, with the necessary plate, &c., proceeded to that palace
by the railroad. One of the leading carriages, which conveyed the plate,
was set on fire by the sparks from the chimney of the steam-carriage,
and the engineer becoming so confounded that he paid no attention to
the cries of the passengers, they leaped from the Carriage, which was
burnt with all its contents, including silver plate to tillte value of 30,000
rubles, which was melted. Fifteen persons were inured, but only one
seriously. His Majesty yesterday made an excursioss•on the railroad as
an encouragement to the company, which was in consternation at this
event. The fete of Zarskojelo, countermanded yeter.day, will take
.7..nictiP.llll;;:liZWzn State Gazette, May 3.

CHURCH LEASES.—Lord John Russell, this even-
ing, will nominate the following Select Committee on Church Leases
Lord John Russell, Mr. Goulburn, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Pusey, Mr. Pease,
Mr. Granville Vernon, Mr. Vernon Smith, Mr. Gaily Knight, I%fr.
Childers, Lord Eliot, Mr. Hector, Mr. Inghatn, Mr. W. Evans, Mr.
Hope Johnstone, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Baring Wall, Mr. Ward.
The Earl of %Vinchilsea denounces the Ministry
for reducing the yeomanry; Sir James Graham gives his old comrades
the epithet of " shabby;" Sir Robert Peel called them weak and inert].
cient ; Sir Francis Burdett also has his epithet ; but ultra Tories and
renegade Radicals, with all the bitterness caused by disappointment, and
all the hatred generated in the minds of those who have injured old
friends, fall far short of the description given by Sir Walter Scott of his
own party, in October, 1830. " Our Ministers dissolve the yeomanry
—almost the last tie which held the laird and the tenant together. The
best and worthiest are squabbling together, like a mutinous crew in a
sinking vessel, who make the question not how they are to get her off
the rocks, but by whose fault she came. I have confidence still in the
Duke of Wellington; but even he has sacrificed to the great Deity,
and what shall we say to meaner and more ordinary minds ?" Possibly
the following remarkable words point out what use might have been
n ate of the yeomanry in 1831, if all the Tories had been animated with
the spirit of Sir Walter :—" 0, that I could see a strong party banded
together for the King and country ; and if I sec I can do anything, or
have a chance of it, I wilt not fear for the skin.cutting. It is the selfish-
ness of this generation that drives me mad."
On Saturday last an immense halihu t was exhibited
in our market, having that morning been caught by some of the fisher.
men of the Greenses. On being put into the scales it was found to
weigh eight stones. This species of the finny tribe is at present very abun;
dant on our coast, and are in excellent condition.—Bertvick Advertiser.
AGES OF THE KNIGHTS OF THE GA RTER.--
A correspondent of the Gentleman's Magazine states that the ages of
the present knights of the garter (25 in number, exclusive of the Royal
Family and foreign Princes), when summed together, form a total of
1,600 years, affording an average of 70 as the age of every individual.
The eldest is the Earl of Lonsdale, 81 ; the Earl of Westmorland and
Marquis Camden, both 79 ; the Marquis Wellesley and Duke of
Grafton, 78 ; Earl Grey, 74 ; Duke of Norfolk, 73 ; Duke of Bedford,
72; Dukes of Dorset and Hamilton, 71 ; Marquis of Anglesey, 70
Duke of Wellington, 69 ; Earl of Carlisle, 65 ; Dukes of Leeds and
Somerset, 63 ; Duke of Buckingham, 62 ; Marquis of Hertford, 61 ;
Duke of Rutland, 60; Marquis of Lansdowne, 58 ; Dukes of Newcastle
and Northumberland, 53 ; Duke of Dorset, 48; Duke of Richmond,
47 ; Marquis of Exeter, 43 ; and the Duke of Bucclettch, 32.

Last night an inquest was held at the Salutation
Tavern, Tavistock.street, Covent-garden, on view of the bogy of John
pro-
Ord, Esq., aged 68, a solicitor, who was found dead in his bed at the
New Hummums Hotel, Covent-garden. Mr. Henry Harrison,
prietor of the hotel, deposed that the deceased, who was a solicitor, and
a resident of York, had been in the habit of coming to witness's house
for a number of years past. He (deceased) arrived in town on Friday
last, when he appeared in his usual health and spirits. He retired to
his bedchamber about eleven o'clock at night. On the following morn-
ing he was found dead in his bed. The deceased had not been sub-
jected to any kind of excitement on the Friday. Before retiring to his
chamber he drank some wine in the coffee-room. Job Stephens, chain.
berlain to the hotel, stated that when the deceased went to his bedroom
he appeared in good health. Ile desired that he might be called at eight
o'clock in the morning. On witness knocking at the door at the time
in question he received no answer, although the knocks were repeated
several times. Witness then entered the room, and found the deceased
in bed, apparently quite dead. Mr. NVeatherfield, a surgeon, attended,
and endeavoured to restore animation by bleeding and other remedies,
but ineffectual, as life was gone. Mr Weatherfield gave it as his opinion
leftandlargefaintly.has
Dover a widowv
one
of the most sublime thunder-storms we ever remember. Before seven
o'clock livid sheets of forked lightening had begun to flash at short inter-
vals, but at this hour these became more frequent,
accompanied by
peals of distant thunder, the falling of torrents of rain, and the batter-
ing of hailstones of enormous dimensions.
_Some of the hailstone; which
fell measured an inch and a half in circumference. By the hail shower,
which did not continue more than six or eight minutes, much damage
has been done in the town and neighbourhood to the green.houses and
other exposed glass erections. At Boulogne the storm was even snore
violent than with us. Two houses were entirely demolished, one un-
roofed, and various seriously damaged. The storm was by no means
general. At Calais it was less boisterous than at Boulogne, and at
Ostend we understand that it was scarcely felt. The Boulogne steamers
experienced the tempest in its utmost
on their passageviolence, and on
board the Magnet, of London, in particular, the lightning played
about the deck with such a brilliant and continuous flame, as caused
much terror among the passengers.—Dover Chronick.
One of the most appalling accidents which we
have for a long time recorded occurred in e flax.mill of this town on
the morning of Wednesday last. In one of the rooms of this estab-
lishment there is a polished steel shaft running herizonait_
y from one
end to the other, about six inches in diameter, on which there is a great
number of bands connected with the different frames. The shaft is
about three feet from the ceiling and six from the side walls, between
which and the shaft there is another in diameter about twelve inches.
The former revolves about 130 times in the minute, and one of the
bands having slipped off, a lad, about fifteen years of age, named Mur-
ray, attempted to replace it; while doing so his apron was caught by the
shaft, and, dreadful to relate, he was firmly attached to it, and whirled
round, his feet first coming in contact with the ceiling and then with the
second shaft! It was fully half a minute before the machinery could
be stopped, so that he must have been dragged round sixty-five times.
The unfortunate boy was found mangled in a shocking manner, both
legs being dashed off immediately below the knees, one of the thigh
bones crushed to atoms, and the left car severed from the head. He
was immediately brought to the hospital, but surgical assistance could
be of no avail. He lingered in great agony until twelve o'clock the
same day, a period of severs hours, when death put an end to his suffer.
ings,—Drocleslo Journal
