ANTWERP.

(From the Times.)
_ _

ANTWERP, DEC. 12, WEDNESDAY EVENING.
The appearance of the citadel, at which I gazed during an
hour and a half this evening, was hideous,—its buildings in
ruins,—its parapets and embrasures torn,—its fire nearly ex_
tinct,—not a creature passing within it, while the French
bombs continued to shower upon it. The defence, which was
hitherto so decided, seemed to relax. Scarcely a cannon was
fired off in it, but a considerable fusilade was kept up from
the right flank of the bastion Fernando. Judging from the
direction of this musketry, it would appear that the works of
the French approach near to the counterscarp of the left flank
of the demilune, between the bastions Toledo and Pacietto.
The French bombardment from Fort Montebello, and one or
two batteries near it, was incessant. This continual fire,
which is now as resolute as ever, is, as it appears, one of the
proceedings of a regular siege, and has for object to pre-
vent the besieged from all attempts at new constructions in the
citadel, and also to protect the workmen i❑ the trenches, &c.
The French engineers are amused with the siege, which they
say is but an easy practical lesson, at which they can take their
own time. The Fort St. Laurent is represented as silent, per-
haps in expectation of the attack which is said to be prepared
for this night.

In different parts of the city, and particularly near the
Cathedral, the report of the shots of all kinds is re-echoed, by
which means those who do not hear the original sound arc
sure to perceive its repetition. Those noises which a fortnight
ago were calculated to strike terror, are now heard by many
with unconcern.

The French soldiers feel, too, the force of habit ; they do not
start as at first at the shells thrown among them. They are
described as eager to have the affair over; and the officers
state their resolution to take the citadel by assault, when that
period, according to the regular progress of the siege, shall ar-
rive. Some now praise the defence of the garrison ; but they
express their determination to take vengeance when the storm-
ing parties enter. The following anecdote, related by an
officer who witnessed it last night, will illustrate this feeling.
A shell burst in a part of the trenches, and desperately
wounded a soldier, who exclaimed with his last breath, " Give
me my musket, that I may return the fire."

In proportion as the defences of the citadel grows weak, the
greater, in the opinion of some persons, becomes the security
of the city. Its neutrality will be allowed by the garrison, if
any credit can be placed in the assertions of a Brussels
journal, formerly a violent patriot, but now the despised sup-
porter of the Anti-Belgian Government of the Dutch Monarch,
which asserts that it has the best authority for stating that that
Monarch has sent instructions to General Chasse to respect the
city. If the King of Holland wishes to prove his moderation,
why not accept and act by the treaty of November, 183'2 ?
Why sacrifice his best Dutchmen for nothing in this useless
contest ?

WEDNESDAY NIGHT, 10 O'CLOCK.
The determination of the French Generals to spend eight
or ten days more in the siege than what the Dutch defence re-
quires, is now evident. Their batteries continue to fire as
usual upon the citadel, where, as French eye-witnesses of the
last few hours state, the soldiers hide themselves at every
bomb that arrives, and fire merely some rampart guns when they
fear no danger. The garrison occasionally threw out some
pots du feu, which some French soldiers wished to extinguish,
when a dozen of the rampart guns were let off; and, of course,
some of those that approached the light became victims.
Some persons who express surprise at the small number of
soldiers killed by the fire and sorties of the garrison, ima-
gine that General Chasse has the intention of sacrificing a
great number when the assault is made; the breaching batte-
ries will, it seems expected, he in play within two or three
days, and the French are resolved to take time to make them
as little expensive of the lives of their soldiers as possible.
One of the batteries destined to break the left face of the
bastion Toledo is said to be in a state of great forwardness.
There are now two French opinions of the non-military
respecting the defence,—first, it is said that the garrison
having double the number it requires, ought, if determined to
sell itself clearly, to have made sorties, and to have slaughtered
thousands of the assailants ; but, say those reasoners, the
Dutch now defend themselves feebly behind the walls, and
dare not venture out. Another opinion is, that the Dutch are
doing as well as can be expected, and of this opinion are
those who do not wish to disparage the Dutch garrison, lest
there should not be sufficient glory for the army that is to
make it surrender.

Part of the wall of Fort St. Laurent is described as mined
according to report, and in three cavities of which 1,500 kilo..
grammes of powder are placed, with the train laid, to be blown
up when required. In this fort there are said to be 300 men,
whom Marshal Gerard is desirous of taking, as well as the
whole of the garrison, prisoners of war. The Dutchmen in
Fort St. Laurent are said, by the same report, to have
offered to give up the fort, provided they be permitted to retire
into the citadel, but the besiegers have refused those terms,
as they have guns so placed as to overwhelm this party in the
gorge, in case they should attempt to force a passage. It is,
therefore, asserted that the men in the fort must surrender at
discretion. All this report requires confirmation.
THURSDAY MORNING, DEC. 13.

The obstinacy of the King of Holland continues still to
draw down a dreadful fire upon the ill-fated garrison of the
citadel, of which the chjef defence now is the wish of the
French not to shed the blood of their soldier& " If," as they
say, " we were pressed for time, by the fears of the approach
of an army to relieve the citadel, we should storm it directly;
but now we proceed slowly and surely, without any unne-
cessary risks.

The opinions of some unprejudiced Britons relative to the
King of Holland are now shaken by this act of foolish obsti-
nacy, if not wanton barbarity, and they turn with bitterness
towards the extraordinary policy of the faction in Great Bri-
tain, who, more than the absolute Powers, have during the
last mouth abetted all the absurdities of the Dutch King, and
led hia subjects to destruction. What do they gain by this
fruitless defence of the citadel ? Not glory, nor sympathy.
The honest, the clear-sighted classes of mankind will hence-
forward treat with the strongest feelings of scorn and execra-
tion a faction which, with the desire of destroying freedom in
their own country, have led a narrow-minded spirit to commit
an act that, by the actual common law of Europe, is already
pronounced as deserving public detestation.

10 O'CLOCK.

I have made inquiries into the real state of the besieging
army, and find that there is no truth as to the shutting up of
Fort St. Laurent, as the garrison there can be removed or in-
creased at the pleasure of General Chasse : within the last 24
hours there have been but very few soldiers in it, and there
have been but few guns fired from it. The mine, which is to
do it injury, is described as much advanced. K.

BRUSSELS, THURSDAY, 2 O'CLOCK, P.M.
Accounts have reached this which left Antwerp at eight
this morning; the firing was then going on, though not so
brisk as on the preceding day, nor with so much effect on
the part of the Dutch, as many of their shells and shot were
thrown from their sheltered batteries in the centre of the citadel.
The following accounts are from the principal morning
papers :

SIEGE OF THE CITADEL-(THIRTEENTII DAY.)

ANTWERP, DES, 12.

(From the Moniteur Belge.—Official account.)
The third parallel opened in the very glacis of the covered
way of the bastion No. 2, and which extends to the extremity
of the approach parallel to the left front of the Lunette St.
Laurent, was completely worked through last night, and the
workmen are now sheltered.

During the day the workmen were occupied in enlarging the
trench and completing the parapet.
The enemy again discharge bombs from the bastion No. 1;
but as they were shot from the interior of the citadel, they
were too distant to annoy us much. Some men in the third
parallel only were hit.

The 44) mortars now placed near the citadel are at less than
400 metres from the works. These, by their well-directed and
brisk fire, aided by those of so many cannon and howitzers,
have already produced the most destructive effects to the enemy.
The buildings (of the citadel) have been burnt, and the masked
places have been torn down and rendered uninhabitable.
According to the accounts of a Dutch deserter, who was
a sentinel at the burnt arsenal, the garrison are actually
crowded together in their unwholesome casements. A bomb
bad got into one of them and put 10 or 12 men hors de combat.
Some of the provisions for the garrison were destroyed by
the late conflagration of the buildings.
General Chasse is very seldom seen by the men. There is
now reason to believe that the works already completed will
soon make us masters of the Lunette St. Laurent.

ANTWERP, DEC. 12, 3, P.M.
Nothing of any striking importance has yet occurred in the
operations of the siege; the fire at both sides is continued and
relaxed at intervals. Unfortunately, shot and shells now
and then fall in the city. A woman, this morning, passing
with her husband's dinner through Rue de la Cuiller, was
killed. A bomb fell yesterday in the Rue de Pompe, and
wounded a child.

Up to this morning there have been only '27 amputations in
the military hospital.
From the top of the Cathedral tower the soldiers in the
Lunette St. Laurent may be plainly seen. Their number is
not so great as we were led to believe. We can see them
with their muskets watching the movements of the workmen,
and firing on them, and then lying on their faces to avoid the
shots sent back to them.

The whole of the wounded in the citadel have been con-
veyed to the Tete de Flandres. It is said that their number
is very considerable, which we can easily believe.
Wedo not hear the cannon this morning from the left bank
of the Scheldt.

BERCIIEM, 5 O'CLOCK, p.m.
At this moment a brisk cannonade is going on, accom-
pained by a sharp fusilade. It is chiefly on the side of the
bastions of Alba and Toledo that the fire is best kept up. We
hear some reports of cannon at the Flanders' side, but at a
great distance. _ .

Fort Frederick, situated in advance of Lillo, and near
Berendrecht, was yesterday armed by the division of General
.chard.

Many hospital waggons have left Berchem this evening with
wounded men on their road to Mechlin.

The works of the third parallel are going on. The engineers
are also employed in placing small mines under the left flank
of the Lunette St. Laurent, and under the half.moon opposite
to it. The batteries are being armed in succession, and in a
few days the whole of the 24-pounders will be in their new po_
sitions, and ready to batter in breach.

Every thing necessary to make a descent into the fosse, ga-

biong, fascine;', &e., are all ready in the place d'armes of
Montebello. The cannons of the besiegers being now so near
the citadel, they must be productive of still greater effect than
before.

We must admit that the defence of Chasse is admirable, and
worthy of a brave soldier. He does not use all the means at
his disposal. He has made no more than a brave defence when
attacked, for it has been remarked, that when the besiegers re-
lax their fire, the fire from the citadel is also relaxed.

The division of Sebastiani still continues to watch the left
side of the Scheldt, and its head-quarters are at Calloo, al-
though a Brussels journal has had the naivete to say that it had
crossed over to the right. The chief object of Sobastiani's
position is to cut off from the enemy all communication with
Holland, according to the intentions of General Gerard.

The details given by a deserter from the citadel are very in-
teresting, and though he is from Ghent, there is no reason to
suspect his veracity. He mentions 500 as being wounded in
the citadel, and of the extreme difficulty there was found in
taking care of them, and putting them in some place sheltered
from shot or shell. One bomb, he says, got into a casemate
and killed or wounded 30 men. The appearance of the citadel
itself is dreadful : everything is torn up. This man adds, that
there are in the garrison many men taken from different pri-
sons, and whose daring character is still more emboldened by
the promises held out to them of a free pardon. He thinks
that the place cannot hold out much longer. The interior of
the citadel is filled with trunks of trees and planks, so placed
as to afford considerable shelter from the shells which fall.

A French miner, who worked in the trenches to-day, met
his death in a frightful manner. A howitzer discharged from
the citadel fell in the parallel. The workmen immediately fell
on their faces to avoid its effects as much as possible. One of
the soldiers, however, wishing to prevent the loss which he
saw must follow its bursting, threw himself down upon it to
extinguish the fusee, but was too late! The shell burst at the
instant, and tore him to atoms; but he alone was the victim of
this act of courage and humanity.

J, P. M.
No accounts have yet reached this later than those to which
I have referred under the head of 2 o'clock, nor has there been
cannonading heard here for some hours. No conclusion, how-
ever, can be drawn from this latter fact, that the firing is not
still kept up, for often when it was vigorous we could not hear
it here.

HALF-PAST 5.

Accounts have come down to half-past 1, which describe the
fire of the besiegers as being still unrelaxed, but it was feebly
returned by the citadel. St. Laurent had not fallen, as I
supposed. If we have to announce it to-morrow, it will be as
much as we shall do.

The Ministry is not yet formed. There is no truth, I am
assured, in the report, that the late Ministers have resolved not
to resume their portfolios.

The Chamber of Representatives has been occupied these
two days with debates on the ways and means (the Budget),
but if I were to give any account of the discussion, who would
read it at present ?

I have just been informed that another fire had broken out
in the citadel, and was burning at 12. W.

BRAZILS AND BRUSSELS PAPERS,

RIO DE JANEIRO, OCT. 14.
DEPARTMENT OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS.—(OFFICIAL)
"Sir,—ln spite of the incessant vigilance with which the Im-
perial Government has scrupulously endeavoured to observe
its engagements, relative to the total abolition of the slave
trade some remonstrances are still made against alleged in-
fractions, perpetrated by individuals whose sordid selfishness
must excite general execration, and, as it is convinced that the
salutary enactments of the law of Nov. 7, 1831, are in them-
selves sufficient to frustrate any attempt that may be made
clandestinely to import slaves into Brazil, I request your Ex-
cellency to revive the strict orders given by your predecessors
for the liberal observence of those enactments, which, besides
being recommended by true policy, are so agreeable to the phi-
lanthropic sentiments of the General Legislative Assembly,
and of the Government of Brazil.
God preserve your Excellency,
" BENTO DASILVA LISBOA.
" ST. HOFORIO HERMETO CARNEIRO LEAO.
" Palace of the Government, Oct. 10, 1832."
OCT. 17.—The Diario contains two official circulars for the
Minister of Justice, one to the Presidents of all the maritime pro-
vinces, the other to the justices of peace of the province enjoin-
ing the most strict observance of the laws for the prevention
of the Slave Trade.
OcT.2l.—Speech of the Regency in the name of the Em-
peror on closing the session of the General Legislative As-
sembly, Oct. 21, 1832.
" AUGUST AND WORTHY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE NATION.

' The Regency in the name of the Emperor, Don Pedro I

appearing among you to close the present session, feels the
most lively satisfaction on informing you that the relations of
aninity and harmony with the Governments of both hemis-
pheres remain unchanged, that new official assurances have

lately been received of the interest they take in the prosperity
of Brazil, and of their ardent wishes for our young Monarch
who is the most sure pledge of the free institutions of the Bra.

zilian nation,

" In making this agreeable communication, the Regency
would be truly rejoiced if it could give you the assurance that
tranquillity was enforced in the whole empire of Brazil. Un-
happily the genius of evil has endeavoured to sow dissension
among us ; but it may be hoped that with the Divine assist-
ance and by measures dictated by strict observance of the laws,
perfect tranquillity will be shortly restored.

" The Regency cannot think that its hope will be disappointed
when it considers the docility and good sense of the Brazilian
people, and the most important legislative acts which in this
year have proved the wisdom of the General Assembly, and
must greatly facilitate the administration of justice, without
which there is neither public nor private happiness.
" The Regency thank you, august and worthy representa-
tives of the nation, for the increasing care and zeal which you
have manifested for the good of our dear country, and is certain
that when you return to your respective provinces, it will be
one of your first cares to recommend order and obedience to the
authorities, inspiring the just confidence which a Government
must acquire that exerts all its powers and care to gain the
good opinion of its fellow citizens.

The Session is closed.
" FRANCISCO DE LIMA E SILVA,
" JON DE COSTA CARVALI-10.
" JOAO BRAULIO MONIZ."

•Diana do Govcrno, Oct. 22.

ANTWERP, DEC. 12.—During the last twenty.four hours,
the occurrences of the siege have not been remarkable. The
cannonade and fire of musketry have scarcely been heard, only
that, during one part of the night, an enormous quantity of
bombs and shells were thrown on both sides. However, we do
not hear that any other building has been burnt in the citadel,
where there have been no signs of fire for these four days. The
destruction of the sluice, which we spoke of yesterday, cannot
wholly drain the moats of the citadel. There still remains
water to the depth of three or four feet.

Fort St. Laurent, which some journals have so often taken
already, and the fall of which they do not fail daily to pro-
phesy, still holds out. The news that this fort would be cut off
deserves no credit; it is absurd.

This morning, at 11 o'clock, the cannonade recommenced
vigorously, and so continued for an hour and a half. It is re-
ported that the French have made another attack on Fort St.
Laurent, and that it has not been more successful than the
preceding.

At noon two balls (36 pounders) fell into the house of M.
Willemse, rue du Convent, No. 1E429. Three other balls fell
into the same house on Friday last.
This morning a few shot only were heard towards the
Scheldt. It is said that the Dutch gun-boats have advanced
inundatedinto the
aaiingddsta
erof
bd beingpolders,o fAmsterdam
taken b
was in so thatetu , part of Sebastiani's division
The between
nutowte h
two
fires.
te following ex-
tract from a private letter from Antwerp, dated the Bth :
" The system of defence adopted by General Chasse is in all
respects conformable to what Carrot says in his work on the
citadel of Antwerp, viz., that he would engage to defend it
with 3,000 men, and that he would suffer 50,000 men to take up
their positions, without disturbing them in their first works."
—Journal du Commerce D'Anvers, Dec. 13.
BRUSSELS, DEC. 12.—The King and Queen have trans-
mitted to the Burgomaster of Antwerp 4,000 florins, to be dis-
tributed among such of the inhabitants of that city as suffer
the most from the events of which it is now the theatre. The
King will go again to Antwerp to-day.

An aide-de-camp of his Majesty the King of the French
passed through this city at midnight, coming from Paris, and
proceeding with all speed to the French headquarters.
M. Nothaub, Secretary to the Minister for Foreign Affairs,
passed through Ghent yesterday (the 11th) with despatches for
the British Government.

General Niellon is gone to visit the eastern frontier. —Brus-
sels Papers, Dec. 13.

The calling up to the House of Lords the
eldest sons of existing Peers is not without precedent—
although, of lite years, it has been rarely acted upon.
During the last reign the only instance occurred of creat-
ing the eldest son of a Peer to the Upper House—viz.
Earl GOWER, who was summoned to Parliament in 1826,
and placed in his father's, the Marquis of STAFFORD'S
barony of Gower of Sittenham, county of York. The
present Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND, when Earl PERCY,
was called to the House of Peers during the lifetime of his
father, as was also the present Duke of GoanoN, when
Marquis of HUNTLEY. Of the new Peers Gazetted on
Tuesday, the Earl of UXBRIDGE is placed in the Marquis
of ANGLESEA'S barony of Paget; the Marquis of TAYI•
STOCK in the Duke of BEDFORD'S barony of Howland of
Streatham, county of Surrey ; Lord STANLEY in the Eat]
of DERBY'S barony of Stanley ; Lord GREY, of Groby,
who is also included in the hatch, is the eldest son of the
Earl of STAMFORD and WARRINGTON, a Tory Peer, wbo
voted against the Reform Bill.

Mr. DAVIDGE, of the Coburg, has arrived
in town, le lying his Liverpool company under the direc-
tion of Mr. WATKIN BURROUGHS. DAVIDGE 15 12 busy
preparation to commence business at the Coburg. The
hoax report of Madame VESTRIS having become lessee of
that theatre, bad obtained tolerable circulation, although
it was well known that she had more engagements offered
her than she could possibly accept, to fill up the recess of
her Olympic season.

GENERAL ELECTION

(THIS DAY.)

SURREY.—(EAST DIVISION.)
This being the day fixed by the High 'Sheriff of the
county of Surrey, Miles Stringer, Esq. for the nomination
of the candidates for the eastern division at Croydon,
the town and its suburbs assumed a very animated ap-
pearance at an early hour.
Only a day or two ago Mr. Alderman Venables an-
nounced his intention of being a candidate, but in
consequence of a sudden and severe illness, be yesterday
expressed his intention of withdrawing from the contest.
Immediately that determination became known, a Mr.
Lainson started, as it was believed, on the " Conservative"
interest; he, however, professes to be a Reformer, but the
reservation in hisaddress appeared to the electors to savour
much of the remnants of Toryism.
In the course of the morning the candidates (Mr. Bris-
coe Mr. T. Allen, Mr. Lainson, and Major Beauclerk) ar-
rived in the town with their friends, and music and banners.
The morning was exceedingly wet, which detracted much
from the otherwise imposing appearance of the proces-
sion. That of Major Beauclerk, however, was most con-
spicuous, both in regard to banners as well as the re-
ception he met with. He is by far the most popular can-
didate; and upon entering the town, the horses were
taken from his carriage, and he was drawn by the popu-
lace, amidst lond"cheers, to his committee-room. Colonel
Strnhope, Joseph Hume, Esq., and Erskine Perry, Esq.
(late candidate for Chatham), accompanied the gal-
lant Major.
The processions of Mr. Allen and Mr. Lainson passed
along the road amidst loud groans and hisses, particularly
that of the latter gentleman.
Mr. Briscoe slept in the town last night, at the resi•
deuce of Mr. Harmer, an eminent brewer.
The proceedings were expected to commence at nine or
ten o'clock, but whether it was owing to the unfavourable
state of the weather, which delayed the Candidates from
arriving so early, or from any other cause, we do not
know ; but it was more than half-past ten o'clock before
the High Sheriff arrived in the town, and it was ten mi•
notes to eleven o'clock before he entered the Town Hall, in
the Crown Court of which the nomination was to take
place.

Directly the doors were opened the hall was crowded
to suffocation, and it was with difficulty we could obtain
admittance, notwithstanding the kind exertions of the
High Sheriff, and Mr. Abbott, the Under-Sheriff. How-
ever, on getting in, we found that ample accommodation
had been provided by those gentlemen for the public press,
and fur it we tender them our thanks.
The proceedings were delayed a short time longer by
the non-arrival of Mr. Allen, one of the Candidates; upon
his arrival, he was received with loud groans; Mr.
Briscoe and Major Beauclerk were warmly greeted.
The formalities of reading the writ, and the act of bri•
hely at elections, having been gone through,
The HIGH SHERIFF, assuming that all present knew
the importance of the business they were met upon, had
no doubt that the good sense of every individual present
would give all the candidates a fair and,intpartia 'hearing—
(Cheers )—that they might listen and !snow who they
ought to return to Parliament as their representatives.
The gentlemen also on his right and left, who would have
to address the meeting, would no doubt avoid every thing
approaching to personalities, and thereby avoid all causes
of offence. Under such circumstances he had no doubt that
all present would support him in maintaining gond order.
Mr. HARMER came forward to put in nomination Mr
Briscoe.—(Loud cheers.) Although he had, on various
occasions, taken a somewhat prominent part at the meet-
ings that had been held among them to promote the pro-
gress of the Reform Bill, he little anticipated having
thus to come forward on the present occasion. Owing,
however, to the unavoidable absence of a gentleman of
high political preferment, he had suddenly been called
upon to put his Honourable Friend in nomination. In-
capable as he was of discharging the duty in a proper
manner, he felt the highest persuasion that the
merits of the candidate would entitle him to the
support of all.—(Cheers.) Mr. Briscoe's past conduct
was the best pledgge that could be given for his future
exertions to promote, not only the welfare and happiness
of this county, but of the country at laree.—(Cheers.) He
would compare the state of the country to the condition
of a person who had allowed some insidious disease to
creep into his system, until at length, becoming alarmed he
called in a physician, who pronounced his case to be
(!angerous, but not without hope. In the present case the
patient was the country, the disease the abuses that had
crept into the constitution, the physician the Reform Bill,
and the application of the temedies the working of the
Bill.—( Loud c .eers.) The physician wouldlindoubtedly,
say that rash and violent means ought not to be resorted
to, otherwise the patient would sink ; but if gentle, mode-
rate, and skilful means were resorted to, the disease would
be gradually removed, and the patient restored to health
and vigour.—(Loud cheers.) Looking back to what had
passed since 1830, when this county was threatened with
the loss of its political independence, Mr. Briscoe's most en-
lightened, straight-forward, and manly conduct would
prove that he was one of the fittest men that could be re-
turned to Parliament. He hoped that Mr. Briscoe would
receive universal support.
Mr. BLEADEN, in seconding the motion, said that he
little expected, 10 minutes ago, to have the distinguished
honour of seconding the nomination which his Honourable
Friend had proposed. In his opinion there never was a
candidate who wanted so little eulogiutn as his Honourable
Friend, who had been proposed by Mr. Harmer for re-
election. The contest was not, he felt convinced, with
him, but it was between those who had as yet been un-
tried.—(Cheers, and crier of " Beauclerk ! Beauclerk !")
So saisfied was he of the pat conduct of the Honourable
Gentleman, the long-tried friend of the county, that he
was sure he would be re-elected.—(Cheers.) He had
left no pledges broken, he had made no promises that
he had not fulfilled—(Cheers)—and his past conduct
was an earnest of what his future would be.—(Cheers.)
From all be knew of Mr. Briscoe, he was convinced that
he s'ood before the electors unconnected with any other
candidate—(Cheers)—that he only sought the suffrages of
the electors for himself, and had pledged himself that his
future conduct should be as his past had been—(Cheers)
—an unflinching enemy to all abuses, and would exert
himself to his utmost to fulfil the task, if the electors
should think fit to return him to Parliament.—(Cheers and
cries of "We will.") If they did re-elect him, he (Mr. B. )
felt confident, when the time arrived when he should
return the suffrages into their hands he would stand before
them as he did now.----(Cheers.) He would come out of the
House of Commons as he went in, unshackled, regardless of
power or place—(Cheers)—or any thing but the due execution
of his duty—(Cheers)—considering his highest reward to be the
approbation of the electors.—(Cheers.) He (Mr. B.) trusted
the time had arrived when the middle ranks of life should be
the individuals who should give a tone to the country. He
honoured the higher ranks of the country, but he loved his
compeers—(Cheers)----and those who had surrounded him had
expressed, in the highest terms, their approbation of his Ho-
nourable Friend.—(Loud and continued cheering.) He
trusted that the electors would so exercise their franchise to-day
as clearly to show that a more extensive franchise might
be safely given them.—(Loud cheers.) Though he was
altering the institutions of the country gradually, he
thought a further extension of the faanchise was men-
__

nary.—(Cheers.) Nu one could doubt that the person
who in private life was careful of his means (and Mr.
Briscoe was that man), was likely in public life to
guard the nation's treasure, with the same degree of
prudence as he guarded his own.—(Cheers.) As he had
before said, Dlr. Briscoe, against whom the voice of calumny
had never breathed, was such a man, and he trusted the
electors would do themselves honour by placing him high
upon the poll.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. RANKIN came forward to propose as a candidate
for the representation of the Eastern Division of the
county, Thomas Jeffreys Allen, Esq.—(Laughter.)
The HIGH SHERIFF entreated silence for the speaker.
Mr. RANKIN said the subject for their consideration
was, the fitness of the several candidates.—(Cries of
" Speak out.") The Hon. Gentleman endeavoured to
speak a little louder, but he could scarcely be heard by
even those near him. The electors were aware that Mr.
Allen had for some time offered himself to their notice—
(Loud hisses and groans)—and to the address of that gen-
tleman he referred them for the declaration of his political
principles—(What are they ?)—those principles were
there fully stated ; but if the electors were not satisfied,
Mr. Allen was present to answer any questions that might
be proposed to him. He (Mr. Rankin) would advert to
what he believed were Mr. Alen's qualifications. First,
Mr. Allen had been a constant resident in this division of
the county for 10 or It
years.—(" He is a pauper,"
" He is a Dulwich pauper," loud laughter.) During the
greater part of that period Mr. Allen was well known as
an active and intelligent man—he was a man of ancient
family, and of independent fortune—(" No, he is de-
pendent," " It is a mistake," " No paupers")--he was
equally independent in principle—(" Cut it short," and
laughter)—and he was a gentleman of liberal education,
now iu the prime of life.—(Loud laughter.) He con-
cluded by proposing that gentleman as their repreienta-
tive.—(Hisses and cheers.)
Mr. GowER rose to second the nomination, but in a much
lower tone than Mr. Rankin. He was convinced that by re-
turning Mr. Allen they would return an independent man.—
(Great uproar.)
The Hirai SIERIFF, who had several times entreated a site

hearing for all the Speakers, but in Saul, here exclaimed that
he was sorry the Chair had fallen so low in their esteem.—
(Cheers.)
Mr. GOWER said it was the first time that ever he addressed
a meeting.--(" It ought to be the last.") He concluded by re-
questing the attendance of the electors at the poll on Monday
and Wednesday next.—(" That is quite enough." " You are
worse than the others." Laughter.)
SAMUEL PALMER, Esq., came forward to nominate Major
Beauclerk, but the noise occasioned by cheering and hissing
prevented his proceeding.
The HIGH SHERIFF declared that ifsilence were not preserved
he should be obliged to dissolve the Court.
MR. PALMER, then proceeded. lie declared that he was
anxious to follow the advice of the high Sheriff, and not
to use language towards others which might create unplea-
sant and irritated feelings. He felt bound to pay a debt of
gratitude to the hon. gent. who had been first proposed, for
the independence of his conduct in parliament.—(cheers).
He (Mr. Palmer) supported: Major Beauclerk, because he
approved of the principles which he had put forward to the
county—(cheers). One gentleman, in his address, had com-
pared the distresses of the country to a diseased patient,
and had recommended the calling in a skilful physician ;
he (Mr. P.) recommended the Major, as that skilful physician.
Ile was perfectly aware that reports had been circulated
to the prejudice of Major Beauclerk's political character;
he had been accused of being a leveller, and not fit to be
intrusted with the suffrages of the electors. If the Re-
form Bill were i❑ proper operation, the property of every
an in the kingdom would be safer than it had ever be-
fore been.—(Cheers.) He could go on much longer, but
is he conceived the Candidates should express their own
sentiments, he would conclude by nominating Aubrey W.
I3eauclerk, Esq., as one of their Representatives.
Mr. FIFE seconded the Major's nomination. The
manner in which the electors had received Mr. Briscoe
elowed that the calumnies which had been circulated
that they were not fit to have the elective franchise, were
most unfounded, and be hoped the franchise would soon
he yet greatly extended.—(Cheers.)
Mr. FARMER had the honour to appear to put in nomination
Mr. Lawson. Mr. Lawson had only come forward last night
as a candidate, in consequence of the powerful requisition that
had been presented to him, after it was known that the illness
of Mr. Alderman Venables had occasioned him to with.
draw. He possessed very considerable landed property
in the county—he had also been engaged in mercan-
tile affairs all his lifetime—he was a Whig—not a Radical, but
a moderate Reformer. (Cheers.) He was a staunch enemy
to a continuance of Slavery, and would do all he could to ob-
tain the necessary acts of reformation in Church and State.
The speaker read a letter from the Candidate to the above
effect.
Mr. F. EADE seconded the nomination. Mr. Lawson was
a gentleman who had made his fortune in commerce, and he
therefore well knew the wants of other, and he submitted that
Mr. L. was a most fit person to represent the electors in Parlia-
ment.
The HIGH SHERIFF then inquired if there was any other
gentleman who had any other candidate to propose.
Mr. R, G. THOMAS assured the meeting that he had left
Alderman Venables' bedside this day, and it was only through
illness he had declined the contest-
Mr. WOOLLERTON confirmed this statement.
The HIGH SHERIFF then requested the electors to
hear.

Mr. BRISCOE, the candidate, was loudly cheered, and
said, accept, Gentlemen, my warmest thanks for this
atost cordial and gratifying reception. I highly value
these expressions of applause, because they proceed from
the friends of liberty and of order, who love their coun-
,ry and honour me with their approbation, because they
believe that I participate in the same feelings. Gentle-
men, the day is arrived for you to nominate your tepre-
sentatives in the ensuing Parliament—to exercise one of
the most important privileges of Englishmen—to exercis:
that right from which you derive every other right most
dear to you as the citizens of a free State. It becomes
you, therefore, to exercise your free and undoubted pri-
vilege wisely and well, for on the decision of the electors
throughout the United Kingdom, depends, under Divine
Providence, the political salvation of our country. Gen-
tlemen, I at ind before you as one who was lately your
representative, to render you an account of the manner in
which I have fulfilled the solemn trust that you have
twice reposed in me ; and though I feel that I am
not addressing myself to strangers, hut to friends—
for we have striven together before now, and
has k as often triumphed aide by side in the hal
lord field of freedom and independence. Yet I would
fain receive an answer to this question. During the time
von have entrusted the with power to plead your case in
Parliament, have I wronged the electors of Surrey either
by voice or vote? Have I neglected the work or sacri-
ficed the cause of any of my constituents ? Have I, in
short, failed to perform the promises I gave, and to act up
ro the professions of service which I made you upon the
hustings? If I have, pass sentence on me; I stand at the bat
of my countrymen, and I will cheerfully abide by your ver-
dict. But if I ant honourably acquitted at youthands, and
if your heart acquits me of all intentional error or omis-
sion, while I only feel regret that I am not possessed of
greater ability to serve you, I will at once proceed, espe.
cially as I speak to many whom I may congratulate as new
electors, briefly to recapitulate the circumstances of our
past and present connection, and to state the principles
which have guided nie hitherto, and, I trust, will ever
govern nay public course of conduct. 1 have lived almost
exclusively amongst you front the day which gave me a
tattled habitation and a home," and allied me so inti-
mately to the descendant of your old and popular represen-
tative, who still lives in the recollection of some amongst
you as having been thrice returned as a Mem-
ber of the county, and twice previously for the borough of
Sonthwark ; for I have lately bad freuent opportuni,ies
of hearing the name of Matvbey coupled by the men of
Surrey with the cause of freedom and independence.
I have had ample means of appreciating the worth and intel-
ligence of Surrey, and you have possessed similar facilities
in this important county in reference to my character arid
conducts I first enlisted with you under the banner of inde-
pendence in the contest of 1826, in which the freeholders ob_
tained an ever memorable triumph. In 18;30 our friends at
Kingston, with whom I was acquainted almost from my birth,
summoned me to plant the standard of party independence in
the hard won field of victory, and the following Spring we
again unfurled our triumphant colours, without even a shadow
of opposition. I now present myself, for a third time, as a
candidate for your suffrages—and, before you adjudge the
worth of the respective candidates, I will very shortly declare,
for I must not forget the season of the year, or the fair claims
of other candidates—my sentiments on a few of the many
subjects which must soon engage the attention of our future
representatives. In reference to the great question of Par-
liamentary Reform—for which we owe so large a debt of gra-
titude to his Mrjesty's present administration—l will candidly
own that I wish the working of the Bill to have a fair trial,
and to look to the fruits which I sincerely think in many
respects it is well calculated to afford. (Hear, hear.)
I wish, therefore, to turn my earliest attention to tho,e
many questions of a more immediate and practical bear-
ing, which regard the employment of the capital and in.-
dustry of the labourer—to increase the facilities of our do-
mestic trade, and to extend the scale of our foreign emn-
merce—to attempt, by every possible means, to reduce
the public burthens by retrenching the expenditure.
always keeping in mind the duty of not viol sting out
faith with the public creditor—to remove all unjust In-
equality in the various branches of taxation, and those
which pressed on the middle and industrious branches of
the community. In short, to do all that wisdom, firm-
ness, and integrity, can effect, in order to still further de.
velope the resources of the country—to brace the strength,
and revive the drooping spirit of industry, by affording
profitable occupation to the great mass of the population.
There are, however, two points connected with a re•
form in our representation, in which the public mind ex-
periences a deep interest at the present moment—the re-
peal of the Septennial Act and the Vote by Ballot. The
return to triennial Parliaments was ever blended with my
views of Parliatnentary Reform; and I believe it would be
equally beneficial to the electors and the elected,—
to the representative and his constituents. I widt to return
to the old practice of the Constitution, triennial Parliaments.
In reference to the vote by:ballot, I cannot express as de-
cided an opinion. As I wish the full responsibility in-
curred by open voting in the House of Commons to rest on
the head of the elected Member, so I should, indi-
vidually desire that Electors ought to have the responsibility
of increasing a public trust, by openly voting for the members
of their free choice, in the face of all around them. At the
same time I :earnestly confess that if the practice of secret
voting shall be proved necessary, in order to protect the inde-
pendence of the voter from the effects of intimidation and of
corruption, I shall then give my support to this measure.
The next great question which engrosses the public attention,
rd the attention of His Majesty's Government is that of
C urch Reform. But until the commission of ecclesiastical
inquiry, which has long been engaged in its important labours,
has made its promised returns, and until the measure expected
to arise out of those returns shall be proposed by the Adminis...
tration, it would be impossible for any prudent or considerate
man to promise more, than that he would give the whole sub-
jeet his best and most candid and serious attention. Almost
eyery one admits that an extensive measure of Church
Reform is necessary; and I trust that such a salutary renova-
tion will be the means of increasing the influence of true religion
in the lives and hearts of the people. On the subject
of tithes, I desire a commutation without delay. I hate and
abhor slavery, and shall continue to labour uncessantly for hit
utter extinction in every clime. lam also an advocate.
for the spread of edncation, and I shall support a system
which, while it conveys sound and profitable instruction
and useful knowledge, is based on the only sure and safe-
ground that of a scriptural foundation. Gentlemen, I
could say more, but the time will only permit me to add
that I am the, friend of peace at home, and non intervet.-
