lr A NTTTARY 12, 1835.

DAY .i -

" ,

t F,oro'S of laaghter:, ) " Whei dad what is Tom v
, Great laugitier d." rye 'T'o'ry: A Lieu-
tenant with the rank of Captain in tdd tirettiitßer Guards, of
which the Duke of Wellington is Colonel." All tiial #4 fief.'
fcctly true, gentlemen.—( Cries of " then you must obey
orders.) Gentlemen, I may tell you the reason why I went
into the army.—[shouts of laughter.] When I was a boy—
CContinued laughter, uproar, and. much confusion]—l saw the
atten4trs of my country returning covered with laurels, and
it was my &Aldan to cls.t.serTe that honor, although aware that
the profession of a soldier is ititabotible with properly per-
forming the duties of a Representative hi Parliament.—
( Cries of " Then you must retire.") Gentlemen, I shall
never appear, should you elect me, in that profession unless
my services are required in the defence of my country, and
when that takes place I shall retire from your service in Par-
liament.---=( Great clamour.) The bill goes on—" very active
'canvassers in the Captain's caAtse—no doubt by orders from the
Horse Guards." Gentlemen, you itatat be aware that these
persons act under the orders of the Sheriffs of the County,
and cannot be under the control of the Horse Guards in any
way. (Cries of " They are," and much confusion.) " The
son of Colonel Wood, the former Representative of the
County of Brecon—the advocate of the Tory party"--( Loud
cries of " True yes, yes")—" and the supporter of the late
Lord Londonderry, of Manchester massacre, and Six Acts
notoriety".—( Loud cries of " True," and great groaning.)
I am sure that that noble and lamented man_(" No, no,")—
lamented because of the misfortunes which hefel him, grieved
as much as the Hon. Gentleman for the unfortunate event—
( Cheers.) His mother, Lady Caroline Wood, is sister to the
late Lord Londonderry, and principal BM-chamber Keeper to
the Queen.—( Laughter.) Gentlemen—she is my mother—
Allow me to say a few words (the Hon. Candidate was a little
affected.) Gentlemen, I consider it is no dishonour that my
mother should be admitted to the Royal presence of the
Queen.—( Loud laughter.) His sister is married to Sir H.
Hardinge, and that gentlemean is also his uncle. Gentlemen—
that is true.—( He threw the placard behind him with great
force. Laughter.) Gentlemen, excuse me for having said so
much about my family, but this is the first time my character
has ever come before the county. I will now proceed to de-
clare my principles.—( Ironical cheers.) Gentlemen, I came
here prepared to bear much—l am prepared to hear all names
applied to me, but I will accept of none. lam neither Ultra-
Tory, Tory, Whig, nor Radical.—( Great laughter, and cries
of what are you? a mere nullity, end not for us.) I came here
supported by these friends—l came here as an independent
man, to take my own cause._ I shall answer for no man's

conduct but my own, and if I swerve (I entreat you to hear
my words, and remember them), if I flinch from them, fling
them in my teeth, and see whether I can appear before you
with the same confidence as Ido now.—( Laughter.) I con-
fess, gentlemen, to come forward on constitutional princi-
ples.---( Groans.) Is there any man who does not know,
who does not feel, what the British Constitution is 2
(Cheers, groans, and loud laughter.) I entreat you to
hear me. It is the first time I have come before the world.
—(" Go home, Tom; you would be better with your mother."
Laughter. )—I care not for the result of the election, but I
wish to put my character fairly before the world.—( Cheers
and errs of "-You have none.") Having stated what the
British Constitution is—(" Not yet")—l am prepared to make
another declaration. With all solemnity I entreat you to hear
me. lam prepared, having established what the limits of the
British Constitution are, with all sincerity—with all the sin-
cerity of an honest man, to enter the field of Reform. lam
prepared to work in that field with all the diligence, with all
the assiduity of an honest labourer.—(Laughter.) As long
as there remains a weed in that field unfooted, I will labour

still. But beyond the limits of the Constitution no power on
earth will move me.—( Groans, and cheers.) And now,
gentleman, as to the spirit of Reform, lam not ashamed to
seek for that spirit amongst the Reformers of antiquity.--
[Lang hter. ] I acknowledge that the improvements of the age,
and the increase of knowledge, will force us to accelerate our
movements, but at the limits of the Constitution we must stop.
I will shortly, honestly and explicitly apply myself to some
questions of considerable interest. I will begin with a question
in which our Dissenting fellow-countrymen are more particu-
larly interested. I have been asked what lam to do with respect
to Chnrch rates. I will vote for the abolition of Church
rates, provided some provision is mid:!, for the maintenance of
the Church from some other branch of the revenue. I should i;
an apostate to the Church to winch I belong--I should not be
a true friend to my country if I consented that the rights and
properties of the Church were to be infringed. As long as I
live I will abide by those principles. I will maintain her
rights—( Hear, hear, hear.) I look upon her as the most sa-
cred, one of the most useful, and to me the dearest of our

institutions.—(" Oh, oh.") Allow me again to draw your at-
tention to our Dissenting fellow-subjects. I am prepared to
relieve the religious scruples upon the subject of marriage ;
but, I confess, I am not prepared to leave that most holy
ceremony to the caprice—the transient caprice of any man—
there must be some civil regulation to sanction that most holy
of rights.—( Cries of " Oh, oh 1") Allow me, whilst on the
subject of the Church, to draw yonr attention to another sub-
ject which is not foreign to it, I mean that of tithes. lam
prepared with the best abilities I possess to enter into the con-
sideration of the question with a view of establishing a just
and equitable commutation of tithe. Ido so because I am
anxious to remove those angry feelings which arise on the
collection of tithe—feelings which tend to promote any-
thing but true religion, but I must again reserve the
right§ and properties of the Established Church.—( Oh, and
cries of " That won't do.") I wish somebody would give me a
lead—
Mr. BARCLAY—Are you prepared to remove the Bishops
from their seats in the House, and to vote for the admission of
Dissenters to the universities?

Mr. WOOO--1 am desirous of drawing your attention to

those questions which more peculiarly apply to the present
time, and in doing so I find the Bill passed last Session before
my mind, I mean the Poor Law Bill. Allow me to say
that I consider that measure to be founded upon uncon
stitutional principles. Ido not approve of a commission
possessed of arbitrary power, without adequate responsibi-
lity. I consider some of the enactments of that measure
bear severely upon our poorer countrymen, and if I am in
Parliament, I will endeavour to assuage those severi-
rifles, and to reconcile the Bill with constitutional prin-
ciples. Upon this subject I have the authority of the
gentleman who stands behind me (Mr. Whitbread), whose
generous spirit, practical knowledge, and enlightened mind,
has been applied to this subject. There is one subject upon
which, thank Heaven, I am relieved from expressing myself—
viz., to the West India Colonies. The word slavery has been
erased from the English language, and we have made a pre-
sent of it to our continental neighbours. lam not aware of
any other subject on which it is necessary to address you. I
have drawn your attention to the Pension List—l will not
shrink from it—l will not enter into any enquiry con-
cerning pensions.—(Tremendous groaning and hissing. )--
I will do what the Whigs did. Ireland—Gentlemen, upon
this subject I know much—_l have spent many years in that
country. I have some local knowledge of it, and really at this
moment I am so overwhelmed with the difficulties con-
nected with this subject,that I know not how to express myself.
With respect to the Irish Church, I know the necessity of
some legislative measure, but I fear the effect of every mea-
sure which should establish a precedent in Ireland which
I am not prepared to carry into effect.in England—( Hear)
Notwithstanding the allusions that have been made by my
Hon. opponent to different parts of the empire, I consider
them all as one country, and I for one will never consent
to their separation. I will endeavour to unite them
in closer and stronger bonds. I have spoken with all since-
rity. I rely upon your judgments—if you consider me un-
worthy of the post I aspire to the object of my ambi-
tion, for were I Member for Middlesex, I would be
satisfied.—[Cries of " I wish you may get it."] Ido not say
myself that I expect it, but my friends tell me I have a good
cause, and I mean to act as if I had. —[ Great Uproar.]
Gentlemen You are becoming impatient I am not
a finished orator.—( Cries of " You are finished," and laugh-
ter.) This is all I will say upon the subject of Reform. I
hope my words will be treasured in your memories. I wish
them to be so, and if I flinch then fling them in my teeth,
and you will see whether I can bear the disgrace.—( Hear.)
Into whatsoever hands the sacred trust shall be reposed—
whether in those of my Hon. Friend Mr. Hume, or in those
of the brother of the Gallant General Byng, or in any one,
may your Representative act for the welfare of his country !
May he endeavour to conduct the vessel of the state, charged
as she is with all your interests—with your properties—with
your own lives and those of your children. May he con-
duct her with steadiness, moderation, and evenness. May
the vessel, already having passed the falls, keep in the full
stream, avoiding the rapids, winding the deeps and shallows.
May she go on into the ocean of national prosperity, and there
ride the pride, the envy, and the admiration of the world.—
( Considerable cheering. )
Sheriff RAPHAEL then came forward, and put the names of
the candidates to the shew of hands.
For Mr. Byng, all hands were held up, and great cheering.
For Mr. Hume, an immense number, with loud and
and tremendous cheers. For Mr. Wood a very partial show,
which excited much laughter and groaning. The Sheriff
then declared George Byng, Esq., and Joseph Hume, Esq.,
duly elected.

A poll was demanded on behalf of Mr. Wood, which was
fixed to commence on Thursday morning at nine o'clock.
Captain BURTON, R.N., (the rejected candidate of the
Tower Hamlets) wanted to speak, but not being an elector,
was not permitted.
Sir Jonat GIBBON then presented himself, but was received
with so much noise of disapprobation that he could scarcely be
heard. He had heard Mr. Hume's speech, but when a man
did not practice what he professed, he did not care two-pence
for Uproar.) He had no personal enmity against Mr.
Hume, but was his political foe on the ground he had stated.
Sir SAMUEL WHALLEY came forward amidst much cheering,
and expressed his hope that the metropolitan county would
follow the example of the boroughs and the City (If London.
—[Cheers.) He knew something of Mr. Wood, and respected
him as a private friend; but could not support his pretensions
on the present occasion. They could never find a faultless
man, but he would ask had not Mr. Hume done his duty?—
[Cries of "He has.") Ho trusted they, and also Eng
land, would dismiss every unprofitable servant—[Hear,
liear)—and shew a determined front against men who, with
peace on their lips, stirred up war, and robeed the Sovereign of
theibrightest jewelof his Crown the affections of his people.—
( Cheers.) What would the King think of such men, or could
they ever restore the love of his people to him ?—( Hear.)
Let them, then, return such men to Parliament as would by
proper reforms secure the stability of the throne, and the
happiness of the country ; and in doing so, they would re-
turn, he had no doubt, Hume and Byng again.—( Cheers.)
Sir P. LAURIE said he was glad to hear Sir S. Whalley
speak so respectfully of the King, and if be had voted at
Marylebone he weuld have voted for him, for he was not a
sham reformer, like two others, but would "go the whole
