After the immense sacrifices made by this country
to abolish the accursed Slave Trade, it is enough
to cast a gloom over the national mind to learn
that all our efforts have been unavailing—that the
horrors of the slave traffic, which we naturally ex-
pected would have decreased in consequence of our ' The important debate on the French Ministeria.
humane exertions, have, on the contrary, increased, Confidence Bill, as it may not inaptly be termed,
and are increasing, to an extent frightfully incredi- commenced in the Chamber of Deputies on 'Fues-
ble. The abolition of slavery has already cost
day, and was expected to occupy several sittings.
Great Britain—in money alone—the enormous sum
of thirty-five millions sterling, independently of the A summary of the debate up to the hour of post
pecuniary sacrifices made by Anti-Slavery Societies will be found in another part o
an f T
attenthe Sun, and will
and individuals. As many years as we have spent well repay the trouble of ive perusa
millions have been unceasingly devoted, by a large M. THlErts was the first to address the Chamber.
party, in this country to the amelioration of the suffer- He repeated what he had said before about there
rugs and the bieaking of the bondage of the African being now no dHerence of opinion between the
race ; and yet the most indefatigable and upright KING and himself.
differen He admt
itte
political ingredients.
confess that the Slave Trade has not been put He acknowledged that he was, when summoned to
down, and that it never can be put down by any Court, willing to enter a Ministry with SOULT or
hostile force which Great Britain has the power of MOLE, or with Duke and that he had sought a re-
employing for its suppression. In the second part union with the and that
to no purpose.
of Mr. FOWELL BUXTON'S book on the ~ Slave He contended that no Ministry but a coalition one
Trade," entitled "The Remedy," which has just could stand, and that if they drove him from office,
been published, that excellent labour in confidence abo- the KING, and not himself, would be the sufferer.
lition vineyard says r—c, With all we This was certainly a most curious declaration, in-
may affirm, that nothing permanent will be effected volving as it did an admission of the
unless we we raise Me native mind. It is possible to tional personal influence exercised by the SOYE-
conceive such an application of force as shall REIGN. With respec
vt to the foreign policy
istration, Very little can be gathered
blockade the whole coast, and sweep away every of the Admit
slaver ; but should that effort relax, the trade in from the President of the Council's sp'eech.
man would revive. Compulsion, so long as it He merely stated that the Eastern question would
lasts, may restrain the act, but will not eradicate the be settled without war; that the inviolability of the
motive. The African will not have ceased to de- Turkish Empire woud be maof intAlEtiEmET Aained, but withouLLt
sire, and vehemently to crave, the spirits, the am- prejudice to the just.lrights
munition, and the articles of finery and commerce Upon the whole,
the speech of M. THIERS will
which Europe alone can supply ; and these he can , not increase the public confidence in his political
obtain by the Slave Trade and the Slave Trade Integrity ; and if not redeemed by the explanations
only, while he remains what he is. Traffic in mart which he will be called upon to give in the course
is, therefore, to him not a matter of selection but lof the debate, must prove fatal to him. The only
of necessity, and after any interval of constrained ' thing remarkable about it is
that hpossibl e appears
to drag
deter-
abstinence he will revert to it as the business of his mined not to fall alone, buif e,
lmhifeea.k':eckitn have
the preface to this volume Mr. FOWELL LOUIS PHILIPPE cloy' n with him.
BUXTON expresses the same conviction in lan- Great commercial distress exists in Paris. In
guage stiwleelatvmdagore explicit, and what will tend to the course of twenty-five days there were no fewer
acknowledge
thatreate tirelffi evcetryulpaotenlythhee public mind, a
dif. than seventy-five bankruptcies.
There is no other news of any importance in the
ferent opinion.
"My original impression was," he French Journals of Tuesday, with the exception of
