THE ARMY.

Friday rnorning, detachments of the 18th, 64th, and 80th
Regiments, embarked at Cowes in the Success transport, for
,Gibraltar and Malta, under the command of Major Addison.

IF rem the LONDON GAZETTE qf•Saturday.]
Commissions in the
Lieutenant. Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry,
signedjot,n bivethiyenL;penison
~liant of the County of Nottingham.
'Samuel Ellis Bristow, Denison, to be Captain-Commandant;
be Second Lieutenant.
Commission in the lst'Regin7entot
uencf Essex Yeomanry Cavalry.
William Henry Deedes,
Ll to be Cornet, vice Cure,
xesigned.
Regiment of Yeomanry
Connuisssion in the South 'Rant,
• Cavalry.
Thomas Smith to be Adjutant, 'Lieut.vice Price, deceased.

LIVERPOOL MEETING,
IN FAVOUR OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE
NEW STATES OF AMERICA.

On Saturday last, pursuant to public notice, a
Meeting of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and other inhabitants
of the town of Liverpool, was held in the Town-hall, " for the
purpose of petitioning his Majesty's Ministers to advise the
King's Most Excellent Majesty in Council to recognize such of
the Governments of the late Spanish and Portuguese Colonies
in North and South America as have established their inde-
pendence." The Meeting was most numerously and respect-
ably attended.
The MAYOR (Charles Lawrence, Esq.) took the Chair at two
o'clock precisely. He opened the business of the Meeting by
stating, that he had had the honour to request the attendance
of the Merchants and other inhabitants of the town, in conse-
quence of having received a requisition numerously and most
respectably signed, calling upon him to convene r. Meeting for
the purpose mentioned in that document. He knew that there
were many Gentlemen then present, who, from the the oppor-
tunities they had of forming an opinion, could explain much
better than he the situation in which the trade between this
country and Spanish and Portuguese America was placed; the
importance of that trade to Great Britain as a great manufactur-
ing and commercial nation; and the advantages which might
be reasonably expected to flow from the recognition of their
independence by the British Government. Some of the Gentle-
men who had signed the requisition would, he had no doubt,
give such statements as would fully justify them as men inte-
rested in trade in coming forward on the present occasion to ask
the Government to perform this great national act. But he did
not, he was convinced, over-rate the liberal feelings of this great
community when he asserted, that no commercial advantages,
however valuable, would ever induce the inhabitants of Liver-
pool to support any measure which did not at the same time
uphold the honour of the Crown, and the character of the na-
tion.--(Loud applause.)—He concluded by requesting the town
clerk to read the requisition and the names of the requisitionists.
Mr. STATHAM read them accordingly.
Mr. Tnomas MooftE rose, and said, that, as Chairman of
the Committee of Requisitionists, he begged leave to submit a
series of Resolutions which had been drawn up under their
auspices, and which would, he trusted, meet with the appro-
bation of the Meeting.—(Applause.)
The Town Clerk then read the Resolutions, which were as
follows

. _
" Resolved, That it is the opinion of this meeting, that the
unreserved acknowledgment of Great Britain of the political
independence of the Spanish Colonies in North and South
America, would be productive of important benefits to the com-
merce of this country ; and, moreover, is demanded, not less
by considerations of sound commercial policy, than by that
favourable regard which every constitutional :Monarch and the
people of every free country should entertain towards nations,
which have unequivocally asserted their claim, and have, de
facto, achieved their title, to be treated as independant Powers.
" That the partial trade hitherto carried on with Spanish
Amerca has been limited in extent, and rendered insecure in its
operations owing to the dubious character of the political re-
lationship subsisting between the several colonies and this coun-
try ; inasmuch as the property and commercial interests of the
British merchants have been destitute of the protection to which
they would be entitled under Governments unequivocally recog-
nized as the friends and allies of the British nation.

" Resolved, That the prompt and unquilified recognition of
the independence of the new States of America would, in the
opinion of this Meeting, prevent the recurrence of the losses and
difficulties which have hitherto attended the trade of those rich
and fertile countries, and place ,it upon a firm, secure, and sa-
tisfactory basis.
" Resolved, That although, during the last fourteen years,
this country has abstained from all political interference in the
great question of South American Independence, a period has
now arrived for a declaratory expression of public opinion upon
the utter hopelessness of all further efforts against it on the part
of Spain, which can only tend to prolong the miseries of war,
to the injury of humanity, and the interruption of the repose
of the civilized world.
" Resolved, That a petition to the King's Most Excellent
Majesty in Council, founded upon the above Resolutions, be
adopted by this Meeting."
Mr. HENRY BooTH then addressed the meeting. The
general principles involved in the question under consideration
were so fully expressed in the resolutions which had just been
' read, that he should draw the attention of the meeting to a very
few observations. Indeed, as to the object they had in view,
and the means they had of obtaining their desires, as to these
there could be little difference of opinion. He was not sure, '
however, that the country at large, or the gentlemen then pre-
sent, were sufficiently impressed with the magnitude and the
importance of those results, which were to be anticipted from
the intercourse between Great Britain and the New States of '
South America being establish." on a solid and a permanent
basis. Ile said a permanent basis, because it was most ob-
viously the interest of distant nations to promote a friendly
communication with each other ; and where we have to deal
with Constitutional Governments—where the well-being of
millions is no longer sacrificed to the caprice, to the avarice, or
the ambition of one man, he thought there was good ground
,to expect that a mutually beneficial intercourse once opened,
would assume a substantial and permanent character.—(Ap-
plause.)—And if they reflected for a moment on the amazing
resources, but mineral and agricultural, orthose vast regions,
peopled by nations increasing in wants and wealth, and ris-
ing in the scale of intelligence and general civilization, who
should set limits, who should set bounds, to the commercial
advantages that might arise from a free and extended trade
with the New States of South America ?—(Applause.)_.
It was true that the manufactures and the commerce of
Great Britain had already been carried to a most unparal-
leled extent. Nevertheless, when he looked at the amount
of our surplus capital—when he considered our advance-
ment in chymical and mechanical science—when he contem-
plated the encouragement given to all the efforts of trade, by
removing the shackles which formerly bound and restrained
commercial, agricultural, and manufacturing enterprise —and
when he considered the capabilities of the western world, he
saw nothing chimerical in supposing that the trade and com-
merce of this country would go on increasing, for the next
fifty years, in the same ratio in which it had increased during
the preceding.—(Applause.)—Such anticipations were flatter-
Ng to our national pride ; but there were higher views which
the consideration of this question emphatically forced on our at-
tention. As citizens of a free state, whose ancestors fought and
bled for the dearest rights of Englishmen, we came forward to
join our sympathies with nations who had themselves fought
and bled in the same glorious cause.—(Loud applause.)—lf
England were pre-eminent in commercial and manufacturing
enterprise, it was proper that she should also stand forward as
the champion of civil and religious freedom.—(Cheers.)--Let
it be her study to -"promote the happiness, and to maintain the
rights of nations ; then would her riches and her power be sub-
servient to the best and noblest ends. She world be hailed as
the sanctuary of freedoni,—as the beacon of liberty flaming
over the world, guiding nations in the way to happiness,
and dispensing blessing to the farthest boundaries of the
habitable earth.—
(Cheers.)—He concluded by seconding the
resolutions.

They were again read by the Town-clerk, and carried ac-
cordingly.
Mr. CYRUS Mounm.r. said, he rose to move that a petition,
founded on the Resolutions just read, be preseiTted to his Ma-
jesty's Government, for the purpose mentioned in the requisi-
tion. But after the very able speech which the meeting had
just heard, he should not take up much of their time by en-
larging on the subject. The people of Liverpool would be the
last to urge on the Government any measure which they did
not think consistent with the character of the country and the
honour of the Crown. They were deeply interested in the
trade with the new States of America ; but if he knew his towns-
men, they would never seek their own advantage by sacrificing
the national character. Happily, however, there was no danger
of risking it on the present occasion, as the measure they had
in view was one of sound policy. He would not enlarge on
the importance of the trade to South America—a continent so
fertile, and abounding in every variety of climate—the subject
having been ably handled by the gentleman who preceded him.
With respect to the mother country, Spain, he could not look
at her without feelings of deep regret. All must recollect the
glorious struggle which was maintained on the fields of Spain,
and how gallantly her people defended her from the assaults of
the unprincipled invader. But with whatever feelings he might
view the fallen grandeur of the mother country, and great as
would be the loss she must sustain by the final separation of
her colonies, he could not see the least hope of her ever again
subduing thetn. The separation was complete ; and those rich
and fertile regions must be considered as no longer belonging
to the Crown of Spain. It appeared to him, therefore, expedi-
ent (and his Majesty's Ministers would, he trusted, agree with
him) even for the interest of Spain herself, that she should
have forced upon her attention the necessity of immediately
putting an end to a state of excited feeling which all must de-
plore, and stopping a contest which, whilst it could answer no
good as regarded Spain, might, if persisted in, complete her
own impoverishment and ruin—( Loud applause.)—Mr. Mor-
rall concluded by moving that the petition which he held in his
hand be now read.
The Town-Clerk then read the petition, of which the follow. I
rag is a copy :
" To the King's Most Excellent Majesty in Co until.

" The humble Petition of the undersigned Merchants,
Traders, and Inhabitants of the Tawn of Liverpool, in
the County Palatine of Lancaster, convened at a public
Meeting held at the Town-hall, the sth of June, 1824,
" Showetb—That your 31ajesty's petitioners have observed
with satisfaction the efforts made by you Majesty's Goyent-

went to remove unwise restrictions upon trade, and gradually
to introduce sound and enlighttned principles into the commer-
cial policy of the country.
" That the Spanish colonies of North and South America,
rich in all the natural productions of soil and climate, and
rapidly advancing in knowledge, power, and civilizatien; pre-
sent the fair prospect of beneficial and widely-extended markets
for the products of the manufacturing skill and industry of this
country.
' " That a trade of very great extent was formerly carried on
indirectly by British merchants, through the medium of Spain,
to her colonies in North and South America, exclusive of the
commerce. which they pursued through Jamaica and other
islands of.the West Indies.
" That the inhabitants of Buenos Ayres, Chili, Peru,
Mexico, and Colombia, having successively thrown off the au-
thority of the parent state, and declared themselves independ-
ent, have at length, after arduous struggles, effected their
emancipation, and have proclaimed a free commerce with every
other nation, except Old. Spain.
" That many of your Majesty's petitioners, in common with
other European merchants, have availed themselves of the op-
portunity afforded by the emancipation of Mexico and the
South American States, to carry on a direct trade to the above-
mentioned countries--a trade they cannot but feel to be ex-
tremely hazardous, inasmuch as it is contrary to the existing
fiscal laws of Spain ; the Government of which, still adhering
to the claim of sovereignty over its former possessions in the
western -hemisphere, threatens the ships and merchandise of
your petitioners with confiscation, should they be found trading
with their late colonies.
" That the apprehensions which your petitioners entertain
for the safety of their property in South America are not vague
and indefinite, but founded upon various acts and declarations
of the Spanish Governments, as well as of the late Viceroys of
those countries which have recently emancipated themselves
from the yoke of Spain.
" That, independent of the various depredations committed
upon British commerce by the Spaniards in the Gulf of
Mexico, (for the indemnification of which the Cortes voted
abotit 400,0001., at the close of the year 1822, but of which not
one farthing has been receivee by the British claimants, whose
demands, your petitioners are informed, under the convention
between this country and Spain, dated the 12th March, 1823,
amount to about 1,000,000/. sterling), your petitioners have to
state, that in the month of ,September, 1822, on the occupation
of the city of Maracaibo by the Spanish forces under General
Morales, thz whole of the British property therein, to a very
large amount, and several British vessels in the harbour, were
seized and confiscated, and the British merchants and super-
cargoes and crews of vessels were made prisoners; many of
whom died daring their detention, from the diseases incident to
the climate and the inhuman treatment they received from the
Spanish authorities.
"That your Majesty's petitioners would also refer to the case of
the Arab, laden with a cargo of British property, which was
boarded at anchor near Pisco, on the coast of Peru, by the
Royalists, in the month of June last, and both ship and cargo,
amounting in value to 400,0001., were confiscated by the Spanish
authorities, and two British subjects (Mr. Macpherson and Mr.
Armstrong, the supercargoes) made prisoners. They would
also respectfully refer to the following official letter, addressed
by the Royalist General, Jose Centarac, to Capt. Prescott, of
his Majesty's ship Aurora, dated head-quarters, in the vicinity
of Lima, 15th July last : .
" s Although the property of merchants of the nation to which
you belong has been respected upon the entrance into Lima of
the national army under my command, I am under the neces-
sity of informing-you that, in consequence of the orders I have
to this effect from his Excellency the Viceroy of Peru, the
like forbearance will not be exercised on any other occasion
on which we may take possession of the capital—an event to
be looked for as often as our military operations make it ne-
cessary. And the salue ought to be understood with regard
to the property of yours, as well as of every other foreign na-
tion whatever, which we may find in any other part of the Peru-
vian territory, which forms a put of the integral territory
of Spain ; therefore, the foreign property which it introduced
in opposition to her laws ought to be irrevocably confiscated ;
which measure will be punctually carried into effect, from the
present time, in obedience to the laws of our nation, and the
firm determination of our Government. I give you official and
timely notice of this, in order that you may communicate it to
all the merchants of your nation, and that they may thus avoid
the ruin which would be consequent upon their disregarding it.
For I repeat, that it is solely owing to the moderation of the
Spanish chiefs, and in order that there may neither be grievance
alleged nor ignorance of the law pleaded as an excuse in future,
that their property has not been confiscated on the present occa-
sion, conformably to the spirit of the orders issued by the legit
timate Government.

May God preserve you many years,
(Signed) .' • JOSE CANTARAC,
" To the Commander-in-Chief of the Naval Fordcs
of his Britannic Majesty is tile Pacific.'

" That it appears by documents presented to Parliament in
March last, the official value of exports, of British produce,
during the year 1319, amounted to 35,657,029/. Os. Id., and in
the year 1822, to 44,452,613/. 13s. Bd., a considerable portion of
which vast increase may be attributed to the extension of the
trade with South America and Mexico, which a few years ago
did not exist. And that, in the year 1822, the direct exports of
British produce and manufactures to those pans amounted •to
3,867,959/., and in the year 1823 to 5,643,769/.

" That whilst the Government of the United States of North
America is every year imposing additional duties on manufac-
' tured goods (which are now so high as to operate almost as a
total prohibition to many of the most important fabrics of this
country), it is especially desirable to cultivate the most intimate
and extensive connection with the other States of America,
where your petitioners find the population disposed to consume
our various manufactures to an extent limited only by their
means of paying for the same; and that in proportion as the
loans shall cease, by which they are now enabled to make a
large part of their payments to this country for such manufac-
tures, they will be necessarily led to cultivate those raw pro-
ducts, such as cotton, tobacco, rice, &c., for which we are now
so dependent upon the United States.

" That your Majesty's petitioners are not in possession of
documents to enable them to declare the value of the exports
from the port of Liverpool alone since the year 1820 ; but they
can state, that during that and the three succeeding years, no
less than 756 vessels have cleated out from thence for various
ports in North and South America, formerly under the domi-
nion of Spain and Portugal, containing an aggregate burden of
of 130,432 tons; and that during the five months of the present
year, 124 vessels, of 24,657 tons burden, have already sailed for
the same destination.

" That between the 6th of January, 1819, and the sth of Ja-
nuary, 1820, the actual value of the exports of cotton goods
from the port of Liverpool to the United States of America was
882,0291. • during the same period, to Brazil, Bueonos Ayres,
Monte Video, Chili, and the West Coast of America, 852,6511.,
and in the following year, to the former, 1,33,2061. 2s. ; and,
to the latter, 1,111,5741. 135.; exhibiting, in a striking point of
view, the value to Great Britain of the export cotton trade to
the Portuguese and Spanish American States--a trade which,
in its very infancy, greatly exceeded that to the United States
of America, and which is still rapidly increasing. In addition
to this direct trade, your petitioners have undoubted informa-
tion, that a great quantity of British manufacturers, cleared
out hence for the United States and the West Indies, are fre-1
quently re-shipped there, and exported to the Mexican and
South American markets.

" That an extensive direct trade is carried on by the mer-
chants of the 1 rnited States with the late Colonies of Spain and
Portugal in South America, not only in their own
.products,
but also in their manufactures ; that this trade is increasing
with Mexico, Colombia, and Buenos Ayres in particular,
whose independence has been recognized by the American Go-
vernment ; and that it will gradually be extended to the others
as their independence shall also be recognized, whereby your
petitioners apprehend a firm and lasting commercial intercourse
will be consolidated, whilst the British trade continues on, its
present unsettled and precarious footing.
" That great losses, difficulties, and inconveniences have been
experienced by British subjects trading with the Spanish Ame-
rican States, in consequence of those States not being recognized
by Great Britain, and of no commercial treaty existing with them.
" That these inconveniences are particularly felt in Peru,
where, by the third article of the Regiment() de Comnzercio,
dated Lirna, 28th of September, 1821, it is enacted, "That the
Captain or supercargo of all foreign vessels shall he bound to
name a consignee, being a citizen of the State of Peru, within
48 hours after anchoring in the Peruvian ports, foreigners not
being allowed to transact their own business.
" That although your Majesty's petitioners have been in-
formed that this regulation' has been relaxed by the interference
of Commodore Sir Thomas M. Hardy, who obtained, as an in-
dulgence, that British subjects be allowed to become consignees
of vessels and goods, on paying a duty of 51. per cent. more
than is paid by native merchants, your petitioners flatter them-
selves, that this imposition, as well as various incapacities and
risks under which the British merchant labours on the shores
of the Pacific, would be modified, if not totally removed, by
the recognition of the Mexican and South American States,
and by treaties which might be subsequently entered into with
their respective Governments.
" That your Majesty's petitioners are informed, that by the
laws of Colombia foreigners are excluded from importing goods,
'except in the name and by the intervention of native citizens.
That, previous to the recognition of the Colombian Govern-
ment by the United States, an extra duty of 5 per cent. was
levied on imports made by foreigners ; but this additional im-
post was remitted to the citizens of the United states, by the
Government of Colombia, immediately on the independence of
the latter being aaknowledged; the British merchants being

still compelled to transact their business under the difficulties
and disqualifications incident to other foreigners.
" That loans to the amount of 12,800,0001. of British capital
have been negotiated in London, for the service of the Govern-
ments of Colombia, Mexico, Peru, Chili, and Buenos Ayres ;
the due payment of the interest of which, and the ultimate re-
payment of the principal, must necessarily be placed in consi-
derable jeopardy so long as the independence of those States
remains unacknowledged, and the intrigues of Spain continue
to foment internal dissensions.
" That it appears, from a distesch of your Majesty's Secre-
tary of State for Foreign Affarts to Sir Wm. A'Court, dated
the 30th of January, 1824, to be the determination of your
Majesty's Government, in the case of any attempt on the part
of Spain to revive the absolute interdictions of intercourse with
countries over which she has no longer any actual dominion,
that the recognition of such new States by his Majesty would
be decided and immediate. Your Majesty's petitioners humbly
submit, that although no absolute interdiction of intercourse
has actually taken place, the ancient policy of Spain, and the
laws of the Indies are still in force and virtually acted upon, as
is manifest by the letter of General Jose Cantarac, of the 15th
of July, 1823.
" That in the memorandum of a conference between the
French Ambassador, the Prince tie Polignac, and the Right
Honourable George Canning, on the 9th of October, 1823, as
presented to -the House of Commons on the 4th of March,
1824, it is stated, that—.' The commercial relations between
this country and South America were founded on a permission
to trade with the Spanish colonies, conceded by Spain as far
back as 1810,when the mediation of Great Britain was solicited
and granted, though not afterwards employed ; and should any
attempt be made to dispute our claim to the continued free
enjoyments of this trade, and to renew the obsolete interdic-
tion, such an attempt might be best cut short by a speedy and
unqualified recognition of the independence of the Spanish
American States.'

" Wherefore, your Majesty's petitioners most humbly pray
that your Majesty will be pleased to take the whole premises
lam your most gracious and serious consideration, and direct
the immediate recognition of the independence of the newly.
established states in South America and Mexico, with a view
of entering into such political and commercial relations with
them, as may best secure and promote the mutual benefits of a
valuable, extensive, and unfettered commerce, put an end to
the miseries of war in the western hemisphere, and contribute
to the permanent repose of the civilized world."
" Resolved--That it be- forwarded to the Members for the
Borough of Liverpool, to be presented to his Majesty."
The petition having been seconded, was carried by accla-
mation.

Colonel WILLIAMS rose, and said, that tardy as the in.
habitants of Liverpool had been in adopting this measure, it
was better late than never.—(A laugh.)—if the commercial
influence of England had been exerted a dozen years ago in its
fullest extent—to the extent to which it ought to have exerted
—he had no doubt that the country would lung ago have had
a full, free, and flowing commerce with•the Spanish American
Colonies. He was glad to see that the meeting did not al-
together wear a commercial aspect. Though the petition
did not take any but a commercial view of the subject, yc
the first resolution assumed a proper tone and spirit, which
chewed that the present was not a question merely com-
mercial, but one which affected the whole human race.—
It was a question of freedom,—it was a question on which
hung the right of every people to assert their own claim to
independence. Mr. Morrell had said that the loss of her
colonies would be a loss to Old Spain. He (Col. Williams) had
no fear for the losses of old decrepit Spain, or at least for the
losses of the Government of that country. He had no respect
for the Government, though lie had much for the people, of
Spain. He felt nothing but exultation at the loss her Govern.
ment would sustain by the separation of such valuable Colo-
nies from a country which had repressed their energies and
never improved their capabilities. 'Were Englishmen to be
told, at this time of day, that Colonies which had reached a
state of adolescence were not to declare and maintain their inde-
pendence ? Were they to be told that Spain, now in her dotage,
should keep the provinces in South America in a state of pupil.
lage for ever ? rhese States had a right to throw off the thral-
dom of the Mother Country and it would have become Great
Britain, as a free nation, to have stood forward long before now
to effect their independence, in a political as well as in a com-
mercial point of view.—(Applause.)—they had however, be.'
gun at last; and he trusted that the commercial world would j
learn this lesson from the past, that it would have been much
better if they had undertaken the business before; had they
clone so, they would have obtained their object long before now,
and the happiness and' repose of millions have been secured on
a firm and satisfactory basis. Much, however, still remained
for the commercial world to do as to the question of South
American independence. They must convince the Govern_
merit that they were earnest in their wishes. There was in the
present Administration a great leaning to old legitimate Spain
and Portugal. That worthy and venerable Gentleman, the
Lord Chancellor, was very fond of the beloved Ferdinand and
' the faithful John.—(A laugh.)—He (Colonel Williams) would,
therefore, advise the merchants to be vigilant in the business,
and their efforts would be ultimately crowned with success.—
(Applause.)
It was then agreed that the Petition should, instead of being
signed by the Mayor, on behalf of the Meeting, lie for the sig.
natures of the inhabitants of Liverpool.
Colonel STEPHENSON, who, we believe, has recently re-
turned from South America, where he had resided 20 years, ad-
dressed the meeting. The wish of the people of South America
was, he said, to be independent. For independence they had
fought and bled ; and he could safely say, that the greatest glory
would be founded on the recognition of their independence by
the British nation.—(Applause.)—Since the year 1809, no less
than 46,000 Spaniards had fallen in the wars of America. The
blood of Spaniards and Americana had run in streams in the
field of battle,- irrigating the tree, the deep-rooted tree, of ha.
tred, which must ultimately prove an impassable barrier be.
tween Spain and her late provinces,—an hatred which began at
the first invasion of America by the Spaniards, which had gone
on increasing ever since, and which attained to its full growth
in the year 1809. America, by the valour of her sons, had
achieved her independence, and she was determined to preserve
it at all hazards.—(Cheers.).

General D'EvEnEux (who has been nominated by Bolivar,
Ambassador from Colombia to the courts of Russia, Denmark,
and Sweden) then rose to address the Meeting, and was hailed
with loud and general applause. He gave a gratifying account
of the spirit which animated the people of South America In the
cause of liberty and independence. The immense continent,
free from the fangs of Spanish tyranny, and slavery for ever
abolished, opened her immense- territory to English capital,
English knowledge, English industry, and above all to English
freedom.—(Cheers.)—The gallant General addressed the meet.
ing at some length, but want of room compels us'to omit the
remainder of his observations.

Mr. EGERTON SMITH addressed the Meeting at some
length, and pronounced an eloquent eulogium on the character
of General D'Evereux. He made a variety of statements re-
specting the services of the General in the wars of Colombia,
and vindicated his character from some aspersions which had
been thrown upon it.
Another Gentleman also bore his testimony to the character
and services of General D'Evereux.
The General made a short reply to these compliments; after
which thanks were voted to the Mayor, and the Meeting was
dissolved.

AMERICAN PAPERS.

We select the following extracts from New
York Papers to the 9th ult., which arrived yes-
terday :

" New Youx, MAY s.—An arrival at Philadelphia, in 33
days from Rio Janeiro, has brought intelligence that the Em-
peror of Brazil had declared that country free and independent.
The Empire is hereafter to be governed by an hereditary, con-
stitutional, and representative Monarchy. The tide of the
Supreme Executive to be " Don Pedro the Ist, Actual Empe-
ror and Perpetual Defender of Brazil." The Roman Catholic
religion to be the prevailing one, though other religions are to
be tolerated, without any external form of churches. In cele-
brating this event, Don Pedro, with his family, attended the
theatre, which unfortunately took fire, and with great difficulty
made his escape with the rest of the audience.
" MAY 6.—Accounts from Martinique say, that the coloured
people of that island were shipping away with as much dispatch
as possible. No distinction was made amongst them. Whether
high or low, rich or poor—whether guilty or innocent—whether
implicated or, trot in the late premeditated insurrection, the sen-
tence of banishment was the same. The hue of the skin was
quite sufficient, and a passport was politely handed to every
one whose name and residence were known, as well as to those
who were only known abroad in the public streets and high-
ways_ A considerable number of these people had arrived at
Trinidad, where they met with an unmolested refuge."

ARTISTS' BENETOLENT SOCI ETY.—The. above
Society held their Fifteenth Anniversary on Saturday, at the
Freemasons' Tavern. Prince LEOPOLD was in the Chair,
i
supported by the Earls of Strathmore, Tankerville, and Wil-
ton • the Right Hon. R. Peel, Sir F. Baker, Sir VW. Adams,
&c. &c. The Report was highly satisfactory. The company
parted at a late hour, highly delighted.
