dr. A
CZ)
tbr *tins

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 15, 1832.

This day, at about five minutes past 2 o'clock,
hls MAJESTY, accompanied by the QUEEN and
one of the Ladies in Waiting, arrived from
Windsor, in an open carriage and four,
at St. James's Palace, escorted by a party
of the 14th Light Dragoons. Shortly after the
arrival of the KING a Court and Levee were
held, and afterwards a Privy Council.

This day or to-morrow the Forgery Bill will
become the law of the land, and the Govern-
ment will thereby have obtained another claim of
Gratitude, for mitigating the severity of our crimi-
t'd code. Two exceptions are made—namely,
he forgery of wills and powers of attorney ; and
though it is probable that these will also be
abolished in time, we think the Lords, on
the whole, have acted wisely in making an
ePeriment on the smaller offences of this
nature, before they make the law general. There
are no crimes, except those attended by violence,
which cause more misery than some species of
forgery ; and had all the sufferings arising from
th
crimes of FAUNTLEROY been foreseen at
e time of his execution, we believe even the
humane of those who petitioned for a re-
'Non of punishment would have admitted the

justice of the sentence carried into effect on that
great criminal. Such a crime may at once deprive
persons in affluent circumstances of the very means
of subsistence—it has driven some to madness,
and brought others to an untimely grave.—
Juries who would, out of feelings of humanity,
forswear themselves to save the life of a person
accused of forging a one-pound note, would
have no such sympathy for another who
had been engaged in the wholesale traffic
for years, who had not the plea of want or
poverty, and who had, for the purpose of gra.
tifying his own licentious passions, robbed the
orphan and the widow of their only support.
The case of FAuNTLEROy, however, stands
quite alone, and there is no chance of the repe-
tition of a crime of such extent if the Bank only
does its duty, or if the law relative to granting
powers of attorney were such as it ought to be.
The forging of wills, too, is another heinous
offence, and merits severe punishment ; but
whether the feelings of the public will go to the
extent of capital punishment in all cases is very
doubtful. At all events, the public will be left
to judge, and the Legislature, in another Ses-
sion, will be guided by their decision.

In the absence of Lord WYNFORD from
the House of Lords last night, the Earl of
ROSSLYN moved an amendment to the Forgery
Bill, for the purpose of retaining so much of the
laws against forgery as to leave the forgery
of testamentary documents and powers of at-
torney still punishable by death. The LORD
CHANCELLOR refused to assent to this
amendment, and on the most satisfactory
grounds. His Lordship observed that " no suf-
ficient reason appeared to hint to have been
alleged to show wherefore the forgery of wills
and powers of attorney should be made an ex-
ception, and made capital, when the forgery of
other documents, less protected by the chances
of detection, were subjected to secondary pu-
nishments."

We have heard it rumoured on respectable
authority that the garrison of the Portuguese
fortress of Almeida has declared for Donna
MARIA, and hoisted the standard of the young
QUEEN. We trust this rumour may prove
authentic.

A private express was received in the city this
morning from Paris, bringing letters and the
Papers of Monday, and the Messager des
Cfiainbres, dated yesterday. They contain no-
thing of interest, and are principally filled with
remarks regarding the present state of Ger-
many, and the final arrangement between Hol-
land and Belgium. The King of BAVARIA
had issued an order prohibiting the introduction
of the French Papers into his kingdom ; and tra-
vellers have to undergo the most rigid investiga-
tion, tantamount to a denial of residence.

A telegraphic despatch had been received from
Bayonne, bringing intelligence of Don PEDRO
up to as late as the morning of the 6th ; at that
time he was at Oporto, and it was expected that
a part of his army would march upon Aviero,
as he had been joined by a number of militia ;
and the inhabitants of Coimbra were waiting for
his arrival to join his standard. It was hourly
expected at Oporto that Admiral SARTORIUS
had had an engagement with the squadron of
the Usurper, as a strong cannonade had been
heard to the westward, in the direction where
Don PEDRO*S fleet was cruising. The result
was looked to with much anxiety, as the EM-
PEROR would immediately march upon Lisbon.
Important news was dail y expected in Paris,
and the greatest enthusiasm expressed itself in
the countenances of the Portuguese, who have
little doubt as to the success of the Constitu-
tional army.

A legion of Polish officers was forming at
Avignon, which is expected to sail from Brest,
in company with the remainder of the Portuguese
emigrants, for Oporto.---Private letters from Spain
depict that country to be in the greatest state of
agitation; and the tyrant FERDINAND was send-
ing a strong army to the frontiers of Portugal,
and towards the Pyrenees.

The KING was hourly expected in Paris from
Compiegne, with his numerous suite. Paris
was perfectly tranquil at the departure of the
express, and the hinds continued pretty steady,
at Saturday's quotation.
There was no news in the city, direct from
Oporto, this morning.
A steam-vessel is expected to sail for Oporto
with stores, &c., in a few days, on account of
Don PEDRO.

We remember reading somewhere in SMOL-
LETT a capital story of a Bath bully, who by
dint of his extensive dimensions, his tremendous
powers of face, stentorian voice, and astounding
impudence, had impressed the city with such awe,
that not a man dared do more than whisper in
his presence, or contradict even his rankest
falsehoods. For two seasons had this strapping
Bobadil been the plague and wonder of Bath,
when one day, a spirited, quick-witted young
stranger, who had come to reside there
for a few days, happened to detect him
doing the ingenious at a gambling table,
and notwithstanding the terrors of his be_
whiskered countenance, " fierce as ten furies, ter-
rible as hell," twitted him with the appellation
of swindler, twitched him by the nose, and finally
kicked him out of the room, to the indescribable
astonishment of the whole neighbourhood, who
were with difficulty brought to believe that the
terrific creature which had so long sate like an
incubus on their reason, was nothing more than,
to use CONGREVE'S phrase, " a pop-gun
charged with wind." Now to our appli-
cation. The Frankfort edicts are the Bath
bully ; the citizens who shrunk aghast at
the terrors of his frown are the petty German
principalities. We do not mean to assert that
these principalities are yet quite panic-stricken,
(and so far our parallel is inapposite,) but
this we will assert, that they are far more su-
pine than they should be—far less decided than
they should be—far less unanimous than they
should be—and that it is to this very supineness,
indecision, and want of unanimity,
that
overwhelming influence of the tt the
Frankfort
edicts is owing. The apprehensions of the Ger-

mans arm their tyrants with tenfold power, as a
figure, seen dimly in the dark, looks twice the size
of the same figure seen in broad day-light. Let
Germany but muster up courage enough to pre-
sent a bold front toher oppressors, and from that
moment, their right arm, like King RICHARD'S
under the spells of sorcery, is dwarfed, shrunk
up, and blasted. But each day, nay, we might
almost add, each hour, that is passed by the
Germans in inactivity, subtracts as much from
their capability of resistance, as it adds to the
power of their tyrants. The forbearance of the
one is the triumph of the other. We hope that
the people of Germany will shortly shake off this
criminal inactivity, and wake up, not to grumble,
but to speak right out; not to talk, but to act ;
otherwise the sunny moment will have slipped
by, and the night have come " when no man
can work." As yet, however, our accounts
from Germany give no reports of any de-
cided constitutional steps being taken by
the people. From all we can hear, they seem
perplexed and bewildered ; but this we feel
assured cannot last ; for it is impossible that a
mighty, an enlightened nation like Germany, to
which Europe is indebted for such inestimable
benefits, which furnished us with a Luther, and
created for us the hundred-handed Briareus of
the Press,—it is impossible, we repeat, that such
a nation can be dead to the recollections of
the past, and basely succumb to the grossest,
the most degrading tyranny that ever yet cursed
the earth.

The following unanswerable argument against
a high duty on advertisements is taken from Mr.
BABBAGE'S work on the " Economy of Manu-
factures," a book which contains more interest-
ing information on these subjects than any other
perhaps in any laßguage :—" The tax on adver-
tisements is an impolitic tax when contrasted
with that upon paper and other materials em-
ployed. The object of all advertisements is, by
making known articles for sale, to procure for
them a better price, if the sale is to be by
auction, or a larger extent of sale if by
retail dealers. Now, the more any article is
known, the more quickly it is discovered whether
it contributes to the comfort or advantage of the
public ; and the more quickly its consumption
is assured if it is found valuable. It would ap-
pear, then, that every tax on communicating in-
formation respecting articles which are the sub-
jects of taxation in another shape, is one which
must considerably reduce the amount that would
have been raised, had no impediment been
placed in the way of making known to the public
their qualities and their price."

INSURRECTION IN JAMAICA.

PUBLIC MEETING.-(THIS DAY.)

A meeting of persons of every religious denomination
was held to-day at Exeter-hall, Strand, for the purpose
of considering the intelligence which had been recently
received from Jamaica of the treatment of the missionaries
and their converts, and to adopt such measures thereon as
might appear desirable.
At 12 o'clock, when the Right Hon. Lord HENLEY took
the chair, the great room was thronged, chiefly with well-
dressed females.

The Hon. and Rev. GERARD NOEL commenced the
proceedings with an appropriate prayer.
The CHAIRMAN called the attention of the meeting to
the advertisement calling them together, and said that in
accordance therewith, he only addressed himself to the
friends of Christian Missions ; as to any other questions in
some measure connected with it, this was not the occasion
or the arena for discussing such.topics. This was a meet-
ing of peace, and not one whose object was to oppose any
particular proposition. One of the objects of the present
meeting was the support and comfort of Christian mission-
aries now unfortunately under persecution. The pious
men, whose labours they were called on to support,
had endured great affliction. He would not anticipate
the recital of the enormities which he was sure in this
Christian country would meet with the reprobation of all
good Christians. It would also be their duty, before they
separated, to record their sentiments upan the existence of
that cruel and oppressive system--the system of slavery.
That system had been attempted to be upheld by Scrip.
ture, but the slavery stated in the Scriptures was no more
to be compared with the slavery of the present day in the
West Indies, than Protestantism was to be compared to
the idolatry of the East.—(Cheers.)
The Rev. P. DUNCOMER, Wesleyan missionary, in
Jamaica, proceeded to give a history of the difficulties en-
countered by the Wesleyan Missionaries since the first
commencement of their labours in Jamaica, leaving, as
he said, other gentlemen present to detail the grievances
suffered by the Missionaries of other denominations. He
expressed his intention of doing so as calmly and dispassion-
ately as possible, avoiding all controversial subjects, and
abstaining from touching upon the civil or political ques-
tion of slavery, except only so far as it was connected with
Christianity and Christian missions. The late religious
persecutions that had disgraced the island of Jamaica
were only p irt and parcel of the system of opposition to
missions which had long prevailed there. Previous to
the introduction of Christian missions in Jamaica, both
the form and the power of religion were unknown there,
and for a century after it became a British colony, net
more than fifteen churches were built, but they were rarely
allpe os
op: ed
ou
to
ftah e Sabbath, p
opuia
tion of
fnd
half
a indeedi million
isi
icoanr
attended
ean
dheudn dred
any
of them. About 1789 was the dawn of a brighter day, and
same attention was paid to the religious instruction of the
negra population. In 1790 the oldest Wesleyan chapel
was opened, but the congregations were constantly in-
terrupted by lawless mobs of whites. The mission.,
however, spite of opposition, continued to multiply. In
1802 an Act of the Colonial Legislature was passed to
prevent persons from preaching unless qualified by the
laws of Great Britain and of Ireland. Under that
Act, a preacher named Williams was committed
to gaol for a month, but as soon as the ex-
istence of such a statute was known in the mother
country it was disallowed by his Majesty.—(Cheers.) In
1805 an ordinance was issued in the colony, making it
penal for any missionary to have prayer meetings, at
which people of colour attended between sun set and sun
rise, and under that power a Christian missionary was
cast into gaol. This law was then only partial,
and it was in contemplation to make it more ge-
neral, but from the fear that his Majesty would
not sanction it, they introduced two clauses in the
slave law, inflicting a penalty of 20/. upon any missionary
for every slave who attended his congregation. As soon,
however, as that law was known in the mother country,
it was also disallowed.—(Cheer.) Mr. Duncombe pro-
ceeded at great length to detail various other acts of oppo-
sition on the part of the local Government, together with the
general(' isapproval of those acts by the then Lieut.-Governor,
Sir J. Keane, and the encouragement held out to missions
by hie Majesty's Government, and then took a history of
the late rebellion among the slaves. That rebellion, he
said, was chiefly confined to the parish of St. Anne, and
the borders of the adjacent parishes. It had been charged
against the missionaries, that they had been the chief
cause of the rebellion, by instilling bad feelings into
the minds of the slaves.—(Hear, hear.) He declared,
such a charge to be false; neither, the Wesleyan mission-
aries, nor those of the Baptist or Moravian persuasions
were at all connected with the rising—indeed, he might
truly say, that the missionaries had been the cause of pre-
serving the peace for many years past.—(Cheers.) The
slave-owners had met in parishes, and passed violent re-
solutions, declarinz that it was intended to take their
Ma-
jesty's übjrtBy(the slaves) from them, and requesting to be
absolved from their oath of allegiance. As to the slaves,
a more loyal body was not to be found amongst his
ects, for lie had heard them speak with vene-
ration of the King, and he had seen them bedew the me-
mory of George the Fourth with their tears.—(Cheers.)
He then went into details respecting individual ne-
groes who had been punished, although it was proved
that they had not been concerned in the rebellion,
but on the contrary, they had proved highly useful in

taking care of their masters estates while the Whites we-e
out on military duty. Such was the feeling among the
whites against the missionaries that several chapels in the
interior had been razed to the ground, and that the chapels
in Kingston were only preserved from a similar fate by the
interference of a great number of free persons of colour,
who armed themselves, and expressed their intention to defend
the property of their friends, the missionaries, to the las'.
He felt confident in stating that there was no source of
redress for these grievances in Jamaica, for the late At-
torney-General had stated that he could not proceed
against parties, unless by a Bench warrant, and that could
not be procured, the offences of the white persons in pull-
ing down and burning the missionaries chapels being only
a misdemeanour. The present Attorney-General took a dif-
ferent view of the matter, but his well-meaning intention
were put an end to by the invariable practice of the grand
jury to ignore the bills. He attached no blame whatever
to the Governor of Jamaica for these proceedings, for he
felt convinced that he was placed in such circumstances
as to render it almost morally impossible for him to coals at
the truth, being surrolanded, as he was, by prejudiced men.
i
Such being the case, t was to this country that the slaves
and inissionarie: looked, from whose hands they expected
complete justice.—(Cheers.)
The Rev. Nirsf. Man, then addressed the meeting. He
appeared before them in no political point of view, but as
the friend of humanity and justice.—The Rev. Gentle-
man had not concluded his address when our reporter left.

COURT OF CHANCERY.-(THIS DAY.)

YOUNG v. WINCHESTER, and THORNTON r. YOUNG.

Sir EDWARD SUDDEN was instructed to say that in
these causes, the parties, as he had anticipated, had not
been able to come to an arrangement.
The LORD CHANCELLOR then said—Well, then, I have
not made up my mind upon the pre-emption, which is the
only thing now in doub►. I have no doubt whatever as
to the waiver. lam clear there has not been a waiver,
and that there cannot be a sale of the whole ; but whether
you have the pre-emption with you—whether you shall
have it sold in the more beneficial way for you, I have not
yet made up my mind. I rather incline against you upon
that. In the course of ten days or a fortnight I shall
hand my judgment to the Registrar, so that there may be
as little delay as possible. You see it is not peculiar to
this Court to decide upon arbitration any more than a
Court of Law—this Court will not enforce an agreement
any more than it will enforce a bond of reference.
