SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The effectual closing of the Scheldt by the
Dutch King, by way of reprisal for the
" imaginary" hostilities of the Anglo-Gallic
convention, is found by the people of Belgium
not to have an imaginary effect upon their
commerce. It is for the present, and how much
longer we know not, completely cut up. Ac-
cording to the latest accounts from Antwerp,
not a foreign vessel had during the preceding
month entered that port, which had been some
time ago so great an entrepot of commerce,
presenting to the eye of the spectator a forest of
masts ! Previously to the attack upon the citadel
of Antwerp, our readers are aware, the prin-
ciple of the freedom of the Scheldt had been
admitted by the Dutch King, and it only re-
mained to settle the details of the toll upon mer-
chandise, to which it was admitted he had a
right, and certainly as good a one as the King of
Denmark has to the toll of vessels entering the
Sound. The question that remained to be ad-
justed, as will be recollected, was, whether one
florin or three per ton on merchandise was
to be paid, or something between both.
Our Foreign Minister, ensnared by the wily
Talleyrand, refused to allow this counting-
house question to be decided in any other
way than by force of arms. Hence the em-
bargo on Dutch merchantmen—hence the abortive
winter-blockade of the Dutch coast—hence the
slaughter of some thousands of French and
Dutch troops for the barren acquisition of the
citadel of Antwerp—and hence, as the glorious
result of all those sapient proceedings, the total
and effective closing of the Scheldt! Another
result of these proceedings is, that the Belgians
have been proved in the eyes of all Europe, as
unable to defend that independence which their
revolution seemed to have procured for them ;
they have been pushed aside by the French
troops, and treated as brave men are always dis-
posed to treat those who bluster and submit to
gross indignities—that is, with open and un-
qualified contempt. Our private correspondent
had spoken of some quarrelling between the
Belgian troops and their French " protectors."
His statements are confirmed by the Belgic
papers. It appears that, for two days, the
French and Belgic soldiers were in a state of
affray, and several of the latter have been com-
mitted to the military prison. In the mean
time, the French King and his Minister derive
the whole advantage of the military " glory,"
such as it was, achieved by the taking of the
citadel. It has obliterated the painful recollec-
tions of the violation of the Charter : but the
Belgians may well exclaim,—" The Lord de-
liver us from our friends."—Morning Herald.
The persecution carried on by men of power
and landed proprietors against the conscience of
dependent voters, seems to have been fiercer, ii
anything, in Scotland than in England. We
remark in the speech of Solicitor-General Cock-
burn, at the Dalkeith dinner, to Sir John Dal-
rymple, some striking comments on the feeling
which animates the gentry of Mid-Lothian.
" The Tories (he observes) did all they could
to push and extend the tenant-qualification, say-
ing, the more votes our tenants have, the more
votes we shall have; and they clung to this part
of the Bill, and were indeed the chief men in
procuring what is called the 501. clause—that
each should not go to the poll individually, but
go with his tail, and give as many votes as he
had qualified tenants. And so completely have
certain persons—l do not say Whigs or Tories,
I condemn it equally on both sides—carried that
feeling into actual operation, that they pretend to
take it amiss ifa tenant votesagainst them. I have
also heard of many sensible enough men who flatly
announce, that if a candidate should endeavour
to set his face on their estates, to ask the sentiments
of any of their tenants, they would consider it
as a personal affront on themselves. If these
things continue to be done, you will observe
this principle follows out, that instead of getting
the franchise, the tenants have got upon them-
selves the fetters of slaves." Here is a character
of Scotch landlords, both Whig and Tory,
given by a gentleman of distinguished merit, and
occupying one of the highest law offices in Scot-
land. We ask whether it is possible to con-
ceive anything more thoroughly odious and im-
moral—anything more monstrously combining
violation of duty as between man and man, with
breach of trust as regards the country ? Under
such landlords, we agree with Mr. Cockburn
that the elective franchise will be a mere badge
of slavery to the tenant, so long as he is con-
demned to open and unprotected voting. It
will be a curse to himself individually, and a
dear-bought benefit to the country at large, un-
til the all-sufficient protection of the ballot is
granted to him. We cease to wonder at the
religious persecutors of former centuries, when
we contemplate the reckless manner in which
our great men exercise their vast power in sub-
jugating and debasing the political consciences
of dependents. In their consideration of a
tenant, they seem to make no account what-
ever of his feelings of duty and recti-
tude. They reckon him as a mere item among
the stock of the estate, destitute of any free-will
or affections of his own, and created only to be
the blind instrument of their will. When the
Legislature invests him with a momentous trust,
implying in its very definition the genuine and
undisturbed exercise of his own free will, they
rush upon him like familiars of the Inquisition,
and force him, by all the threats and tortures at
their command, to betray this inviolable trust
for their private benefit. Patronus si clienti
fraudem faxit, sacer esto, was the simple but
emphatic denunciation of the old Roman law ;
and if the patron who violated his duty towards
his client was thus to be held accursed, what
measure of indignation shall be too great for an
English landlord, who employs all the terrors of
his exalted position to drive reluctant tenants
into conscious falsehood, and flagrant abuse of
a solemn public function ? "It these things
continue to be done (says the Solicitor-General
of Scotland), what reasonable man can suppose
that they will not continue to be done ? Why,
put this case as if it were a mere possible evil,
like the chance of a bad crop next season ? It
was not thus that the nation reasoned with respect
to the boroughmongers,while the Reform Bill was
under discussion. No one saidth e boroughmongers
have acted execrably up to the present moment ; hu
leave them alone, perhapsthey may not continue to
do as they have done ; and if any passive or heart-
less being had endeavoured to stand upon this very
slippery ground—recognising the evil, and yet
indifferent to the provision of a remedy—he
would have been scouted by both the contending
parties. No ! the universal cry was then, The
Boroughmongers have done ill, and the unal
terable principles of human nature assure us
i
t hat they will continue to do n, so long as their
motive and their means remain unimpaired:7
We say the same about the British landlords ;
and we call for the ballot as the only effectual

power of dictation in temporal matters which
ought to belong to the majority only
There is another point to which we would call your
attention ; it is a cheering one. If the complaining party
were a minority, they must, to a great extent, be con-
tent to submit to the dictation of the many and the
great. But this is not the case. Such has been the over-
bearing despotism of the establishment, that it has driven
its most conscientious and enlightened members into the
ranks of Dissenters, and, as a natural consequence, in-
creased their numbers above its own ; which the follow.
ing statement will abundantly prove :
Dissenters
Churchmen 6,858,000
Here, then, we have the few dictating to, and ruling over,
the many, with a witness. Shall it remain so ? This
overwhelming majority of Dissenters is a truth which
most powerfully chagrins the partisans of the state, but
we will add to that chagrin another statement equally un•
palatable to episcopal ears. We do not, you will perceive,
deal in vague assertions, we give you the round numbers.
" In the one case, you will perceive this statement
affects the future state of the Church ; in the latter, it i
impeaches its piety, activity, and benevolence. In the year
1828, the children who were educated by the Sunday
School, or Dissenters' Society, were 720,731 ; those by
the National or Church School, '704,730. Here, again,
we have the illiterate infidel, unbaptised Dissenters, out-
stripping the Church with all its coercive and attractive
influence ; and we would ask, has the character of the
people suffered, either for intelligence or propriety of con-
duct, since their education has been committed into the
hands of these vile sectarians ?
The amount of moneys raised by Dissenters in the same
year, for missionary objects, will give another proof of their
vast superiority in number, wealth, and generosity.
CHURCH OF ENGLAND.
Church Missionary Society £52,080 19 1

safeguard against their monstrous and confessed
oppressions; extinguishing as it does directly
their means of coercing votes, and removing
indirectly their motive to attempt it. Has the
Solicitor-General of Scotland any other remedy
to propose—for we presume that he too, as well
as Mr. Jeffrey and Mr. Abercrombie, rejects
the ballot with horror ? If he has, we should
be truly glad to examine it, and to compare
it with the only all-sufficient remedy which we
know of; and we really felt, in this point of
view, some degree of gratitude to the Times, for
the thin-spun barriers which they suggested in their
article of Saturday. Alas, the speech of Mr.Cock-
burn explains to us but too clearly why the same
tongue, which is eloquent in describing the
symptoms of the disease, can give expression to
nothing beyond impotent wishes, when remedies
come to be talked about. He informs us that
the Whig landlords are chargeable, just as much
as the Tories, with this guilty spirit of electoral
persecution. This is, in our view, an additional
argument for the ballot, since it proves that the
power of coercing votes creates the lust of doing
=o with equal certainty, whatever may be the
politics of the landlord. But we can well un-
derstand why so many men of talent and in-
fluence tremble to espouse any effectual remedy,
in the teeth of this phalanx of landlords united
in defence of their common usurpations. Instead
of seeking to disarm and restrain a tyrannical
landlord, these eminent speakers prefer the less
obnoxious task of soothing and shaming him,
by preaching and remonstrance. If they pos-
sessed the harp of Orpheus, whereby savage
beasts were tickled into laying aside their na-
turat impulses, and becoming gentle, affectionate,
and obedient, we should joyfully believe in the
success of their endeavours. But we do not
perceive that the tongue of preachers and
orators, charm they never so wisely, is re-
lied upon as a sufficient protection against
other misdeeds and crimes : nor can we in any
way divine, why it should be considered as full
protection against this rooted habit of electoral
tyranny, pervading the whole body of landlords,
and encouraged in each by the example of the
rest. We maintain, that so long as the soil of
:his land is parcelled out among landlords ani-
mated by the sentiments which Mr. Cockburn
lescribes, good representative Government is a
lemonstrable impossibility without the ballot.
If the evils of secrecy were a thousand times
greater than its opponents fancy, it would still
be a cheap price to pay for a House of Com-
mons really chosen and really trusted by the
people. But we deny altogether the evil of
secrecy in this particular case. We affirm that
secrecy is sometimes good, sometimes evil ; and
that in such a case as that of taking votes, it is
in itself positively good and preferable to publi-
city. What you wish to know is, the real and
genuine preference in the voter's mind ; he has
as much interest in telling you this truly, as you
have in ascertaining it ; but extraneous threats
and terrors are employed to make him tell a lie,
contrary to his wishes and contrary to his in-
terest. What is the reasonable course in such
a case ? Take him into your private chamber,
and receive his declaration where it cannot be
heard by any one but yourself. Is evil, even in
the smallest amount, produced here by secrecy ?
Is it not, on the contrary, the only unerring
road towards that most important of all ends,
'he genuine declaration of the voter ? Secrecy,
in this case, is not an encouragement to lying—
it is an antidote to prevent the voter from being
made a liar for the profit of his superiors, and
produces good in all its effects, collateral as well
as direct.—Morning Chronicle.
The number of pamphlets and letters which
we have now before us on the subject of Church
reform are a proof at once of the intensity of
public feeling on the subject, and of the deter-
mination of the independent portion of the com-
munity to have it at all risks, and at all hazards.
Many of these letters and pamphlets are unques-
tionably characterized by great extravagance of
sentiment respecting the quantum of reform
which ought to be meted out to it ; but the main
fact of the desire for reform remains untouched
by such exaggerations, or rather the proof of
existing abuses is strengthened by them. To
one of these pamphlets, published by Effingham
Wilson, and entitled "An Address to the
People of England on the Corruptions and
Prospects of the Established Church, by Fides,"
we will now briefly point the attention of our
readers. It is written with spirit, as well as in a
vein of considerable eloquence ; and from the
cheap and popular form in which it is published,
we doubt not that it will have an extensive sale
as well as an extensive influence on those classes
of the community, who, however humble their
avocations, and however insignificant their indi-
vidual wealth, are, after all, the final arbiters in
all national questions. It becomes in consequence
most important to state that, however just its
reasonings, the premises from which its infe-
rences are drawn are far from being correct. Thus,
for example, we find it stated at page 3, that
" The actual amount of property, in connexion with
the three establishments of England, Ireland, and Scot-
land, is nothing short of two hundred millions ! that por-
tion of it, which is derived from titbeable property, twenty-
seven millions !! ! and the mite which Englishmen are
humbly permitted to throw into the treasury of the na-
tional sanctuary, ten million four thousand five hundred
and fifty-nine pounds! ! !"
Now nothing can be more ridiculous than
this statement—more utterly false and un-
founded. The property of the Church, or
rather, we ought to say, its revenues, amount to
no such sum. The total expense of the Scot-
tish Church does not, we believe, exceed
200,000/., and at all events falls short of
250,0001.; while, with regard to the Church of
England in this country, we know, as a matter
of positive calculation made by ourselves, from
sure and certain documents, that if the whole of
the revenues of the Church were fairly divided
among its different ministers, there would not
remain so much as 350/. per annum to each—
a sum so moderate in every respect, that the
most ignorant could scarcely deem it too
much for the necessary outlay on the edu-
cation requisite for fitting the parties for
their avocations. With regard to the Church
of Ireland, on behalf of which begging let-
ters, and begging boxes, and subscriptions,
are now going the round of the English
clergy, there is really no knowing what, on a fair
calculation, the result of an average would be to
its different ministers ; but it is unquestionably
a great wen, abounding with nauseous matter,
and which nothing but a thorough purgation
can reduce to a healthy state. The great evils,
however, in both these establishments, and they
are evils which we have reason to believe will be
speedily abolished, are the existence of tithes—
the plurality of livings—non-residence—and in-
equality in the appropriation of the funds be-
longing to them. There is another also of
which the writer of the pamphlet complains,
and with good reason—namely, that the Church
of England should form the minority in the re-
ligious community, and yet assume to itself a

DISSENTERS.
Wesleyan Missionary Society. 41,E46 12 10
London ditto ditto
Particular Baptist ditto 0,305 10 2
General ditto ditto 1,651 1 6

Nation,

demonstrated. So with regard to Ministers, they
have had sense and public spirit enough to pre-
pare a piece of new and complex machinery for
the alleged purpose of assisting the ends of use-
ful government. But Ministers, Members of
Parliament, and the Reform Bill itself, are yet
one and all upon their trial ; the early measures
of the Reforming Government and the Reformed
Legislature must go far towards determining the
intrinsic merit of all three. The House of
Commons has just been elected, and being in its
infancy, and no rational prospect of another elec-
tion being at hand, neither the mode of election
nor the duration of Parliaments islikely to occupy,
for some little time forward, the minds of steady
and reasonable politicians, unless; indeed, it can be
shown that no subjects of more immediate urgency
are waiting. The ballot, therefore, does not press;
quinquennial or triennial Parliaments do not
press at this moment ; and more especially, be-
cause no candid man will say that such ques-
tions have less apparent chance of being de-
cided fairly in any future session, than in that
which is now about to open But there is a
question of unequalled magnitude which does
press heavily upon the spirit of the entire na-
tion, and by the sound or inconsiderate, the
just or unjust, treatment of which must the real
merits of the Ministry, the Parliament, and the
Reform Bill be measured—with them, to a
great extent, be decided the permanent well-
being of Church and State, and, by consequence,
the gravest interests of the community. That
question is " Church Reform." That the pre-
vailing wish for some kindly and wholesome
adjustment of the relations between clergy and
laity, both here and in Ireland, has been much
stimulated by the actual undertaking of
mentary Reform, is obvious to every one. But
1 that the cry for it would have been so exasperated
and swollen, as to echo loudly-through every village
throughout both countries, we are bound to say
we do not believe, had there not appeared in the
conduct of certain official persons a degree at once
of obstinacy and inconsistency with regard to the
affairs of the Church, by which not only were
the mass of the people inspired with a strong
persuasion of foul play, but men the least prone
to uncharitable conjectures were filled with
suspicion that some shallow child's play would
be practised, and all the substance of existing
evils be left in unimpaired enormity. This,
under present circumstances, would have been
miserable weakness. A few of the English
aristocracy might have been pleased, and a
majority of the English Bishops, at the expense
of dissatisfying (as is our sincere impression)
and grievously alarming, by the necessary failure
of such an attempt, the more discreet minority
of the bench, much the larger portion of the
parochial clergy of England, and the whole body
of the Irish Church, now and utterly hopeless
of subsisting for another twelvemonth, if some
means of support be not provided for them less
odious and impracticable than tithe. The Duke
of Wellington, let it never be forgotten, preci-
pitated by his haughty rashness the reform of
Parliament ; and, moreover, by the outcry which
he raised, the amount of borough destruction
and of popular representation, which the country
in consequence called for at the hands of Minis-
ters, was incomparably greater than would have
contented the most sanguine reformer in it, had
the late First Lord of the Treasury been fortu-
nate enough to hold his tongue. Then what les-
son is to be drawn from such a precedent ? Just
a little more prudence on the part of many of those
who wish well to the Church, and less violence
in denouncing and deprecating those modifica-
tions of its temporal department which have now
become inevitable. Let Conservatives but act
with common foresight, and whatever is most
valuable or excellent in the venerable church of
both islands will be scrupulously protected. Let
them play off the Wellington game of decrying
all Reform as needless or pernicious, and the
edifice will not be cleaned or repaired—it will be
barbarously unroofed and gutted. Let us not
be ourselves misunderstood. By education and
habit, by association, by reflection, by religious
principle and feeling, we are friends to the Esta-
blished Church. We are most devoutly anxious
to see its ministers beloved, esteemed, and con-
fided in by the country,—to see their instruc-
tions received with grateful reverence,—their ex-
amples looked up to, and quoted for imitation,—
their neighbourly counsels and influence appealed
to,—their incomes adequate to all the wants of
decent life in a rich community,—and the means
even of liberal charity supplied to the ministers of
the Gospel. This is a national concern, nor is
it for the benefit of one sect merely, but of all
Christians, and all moral beings, that resources
should be possessed by some portion of the Church
Establishment, such as would afford the facilities
of leisure, free from the pressure of sordid
care, and guarded against corrupt abuses by all
practicable vigilance—leisure for the earnest and
studious cultivation of religious learning—for
the secure maintenance and effective propaga-
tion, in its entire purity, of the knowledge of
all those standard records, principles, and doc-
trines, handed down from age to age, which
constitute the essence of our national Church
and the science of theology, as recognized by the
ablest of her Ministers. No Church Reform
do we desire to succeed which would lower the
real dignity of the establishment, or reduce its
professors to indigence. Nor do the people of
England ask for any such. They are content to
have Christian bishops, but not political or Court
intriguers. They are well pleased to have parish
clergymen maintained in the condition of respect-
able gentlemen, whose education has been costly,
and their habits those of liberal society. They do
not, however, tolerate bloated pluralists, who
never visit a flock but at sheering time, and who
relieve neither the spiritual nor temporal wants
of their brethren. The Government, we hope
and trust, feels with the nation on this great
subject. The clergy themselves, if they be wise
in their generation, will assemble in all parts of
the kingdom, as they have done in one or two
of the northern dioceses, and anticipate the
views of Ministers and the measures of the le-
gislative body. They have not a moment to
lose. The King's speech will be delivered within
three weeks, and notwithstanding the extra-
judicial dicta of Mr. Stanley, we shall be sur-
prised and disappointed, if a plan of reform both
for England and Ireland be not announced on
that early and becoming opportunity, so exten-
sive as to satisfy all the provident and sagacious
friends of our ecclesiastical system, and at the
same time so strictly and watchfully conservative
as to defeat in a signal manner the schemes of
those who are for utterly separating Church and
State, and eventually undermining both. If the
clergy give way to blind and stupid obstinacy
on this occasion, they fight the battle, not of
the Conservatives, but of the Destructives,"
who will ride on the whirlwind of popular in-
dignation, and sweep away church privileges
and church property together. We have no
room to say more upon this subject at present,
but shall soon return to it.—Times.

£90,010 5 1
" This sum is raised too, remember, by the Dissenters,
independent of immense sums which are collected for
benevolent purposes at home, for the support of their
own pastors, and the par-ons of the Church of England
whom they never hear; while the Church is richly en-
dowed, and to a great extent supported by those very
Dissenters they so much despise. These statements have
been long before the public, and no attempt has been
made to deny them by the united wisdom of the Church
-her soras merely hope it is not so, and rest their hopes
on the probable inaccuracy of our statements. Let them
dream on a little longer, and they will be overtaken by the
millennium of freedom and purity, when they will be
aroused to attend the obsequies of their darling Church,
fur in that state nothing corrupt can exist :. ergo, the
Church must fall."
We believe that we have already given enough
of the pamphlet referred to, to show its spirit-
the main object in view-and we shall now,
therefore, only detain our readers by one or two
more extracts, the first referring to the amount
of Church property, and the inequality of its dis-
tribution ; and the second, to the comparative
expense of the churches of different countries.
From a statement which follows one of the ex-
tracts, but which we do not give, we totally dis-
sent. It accuses the clergy, as a body, of being
conspicuous for their " ignorance, bigotry, cove-
teousness, worldly mindedness, and immorality."
This, to say the least, is going too far. The
clergy as a body bear no such character, neither
do they deserve it.
" To tell you how the whole of the sum is disposed of
would require us to be initiated in all the tortuous tactics
of this visibly iniquitous system. But we may form some
tolerable estimate of the proportion each teacher would
receive, were the titheable property alone equally divided.
The annual amount of titheable land we have stated to be
27,000,0001., and Mr. Bearlock says, that any sum, not
exceeding one-third of the rent, may be considered as rea-
sonable payment, in lieu of all tithes, arising on a farm,-
for this plain reason, v;z., that unless the occupier can
make the produce of his farm return nearer four rents than
three, such farm cannot be worth his hording.' But
though such an entire valuation is not practicable, a com-
parative estimate may be made, which will give you some
tolerable idea of the comparative income of the clergy.
We will, then, suppose the whole of the inhabitants at
12,000,000 ; and the clergy, who do the work, at
10,000. We will allow six persons to a family, and sup-
pose all the labouring clergy married : this seems a fair
c dculation. If, then, the working clergy get a tithe of
the produce of tbe country for themselves and families,
60,000 Levitical persons will receive a tenth part,
while 10,940,000 persons are supported on tbe other nine
parts ; or 10,000 families would receive one part, while
1,900,000 families had the remaining nine. Therefore,
if every lay family, on an average, received from the in-
crease of the land 201., every clergyman and his family
would, on an average, receive more than four hundred and
forty pounds ! !
" But we must not imagine that where there is so much
rapacity, there can be much equity. We must not ima-
gine that each clergyman receives his equal share of the
general fund. Oh no. This would not be according to
the laws of these Medes and Persians, which alter not.
Many among them receive thousands per annum for mum-
bling over half a dozen, or it may be fewer, sermons, in
the course of twelve months ; n Nile those who actually do
the work, are not only despised by their superiors in co-
vetousness, but actually are premitted to live upon the
crumbs which fall from the rich man's table ; for there
are 12,200 preferments in the church, which are en-
joyed by only 7,000 parsons. The parochial livings are
about 10,000, and are held by less than 6,000 clergymen.
Thus one-half the clergy are plid for that which they are
neither qualified for, nor ever had the remotest idea of
performing ; and, as it might be expected in such a
righteous and purely disinterested arrangement, those who
do the least get the most. Listen, however, to the testi-
mony of one whose prejudices are all in favour of the
church, on this subject, the Rev. J. Acaster. He says,
on this head,-' Nearly four-fifths of the parishes
throughout the whole kingdom have no resident incum-
bent; consequently nearly four-fifths of the people are, as
it respects their paid and legal pastor, as sheep without a
shepherd,-their legal, paid, rightful, and most solemnly
avowed pastors, fled ; some of whom they never see for
five, ten, fifteen, twenty, and even thirty years together.'
This, too, is that system which it is said combines the
wisdom of ages with spiritual and apostolic gifts, and
which you are unblushingly called upon to support.
• • • * • e •
'‘ There is one more fact, which should act as a stimu-
lant to you in this ecclesiastical warfare, and it is this-
that we are actually paying more for the support of the
Established Church, in England, Ireland, and Wales, than
it costs France, America, Spain, Hungary, Italy, Austria,
Switzerland, Prussia, Germany, Holland, Netherlands,
Denmark, Sweden, Russia, South America, Christians in
Turkey, and the whole of the dispersed Christians through-
out the world, for the support of their religious instruc-
tors. We often speak of the darkness and priestcraft
which prevail in these countries. Might they not say,
' Physician, heal thyself.' The following table will give
you a comprehensive view of this part of the subject :-
Expense of
No. of Clergy per Total
Hearers. Million. Expense.
France
United States of America 9,600,000 ... 60,900 ... 576,000
Spain 11,000,000 ... 100,000... 1,000,000
Hungary, Catholics
--- Calvinists
---- Lutherans 650,000 40,000 ... 2,0,000
Italy
Austria 18,918,000 ... 50,000 ... 950,000
Switzerland 1720,000 ... 50,000 ••• 87,000
Prussia
German States 12,763,000 ... 60,000 ... 765,000
Holland
Netherlands 3,000,000 35,000 ... 105,000
Denmark... 1,700,000 ... 70,000 ••• 119,000
Sweden
Russian Greek Church 34,000,000 ... 15,000 ... 510,000
Cath. and Luth 8,000,000 ... 50,000 ••• 409,000
South America
Dispersed Christians 3,000,000 ... 50,6 -• 180,000
Christians in Turkey 6,000,000 ... 30,000 ••• 180,000
England and Wales 6,000,000 1,266,0u0 ... 7,596,000
Ireland 400,000 ... 3,250,000 ... 1,300,000
" Thus the clergy of 195,678,000 hearers
abroad, receive 8,591,0001., while the clergy at
home receive 8,896,0001., if not more.-Morn-
ing Advertiser.
The old borough system was overturned by
the force of arguments drawn from its well-
known results. The new representative system
was constructed in part upon a priori reason-
ings. The real merit of the constructive parts
of the Reform Bill is to this hour but imper-
fectly ascertained. A great majority, to be sure,
of the members chosen under it, have the repu-
tation of being friends to practical refortn, and
were chosen on the strength of that reputation.
.
But how far they deserve it still remains to be

SECOND EDITION.

S UN-OFFICE, Seven o'clock.

publish it entire or mutilated, just as he pleased, and ill
which he acquired (II his purchAse) and retained the
entire right and property ; char, therefore, 'be was not the
party to be punished for the publication, and, consequentlYp
he hoped bis Lordship would pause before he pronounced
an order which any Judge might feel a reluctance in
pronouncing.
The LORD CHANCELLOR lamented that he had been

rHE LoNuoN GAZETTE

THIS EVENING.

WAR-OFFICE, JAN. 11. pressed to make the order, and that be felt bound to pro*
3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Captain E. Hodgson, from nounce it. He was glad that the affidavit the Reporter
half-pay 10th Light Dragoons, to be Captain, vice Wethered, de- h.
ase, Jan. 11. had now made entirely exculpated some professional gentle-
ce7th dDragoon Guards—Captain G. Nugent to be Major, by pur- men from suspicions that had been thrown upon them, but
chase, vice Chalmer, who retires; Lieut. T. E. Thewles to be I tie disclosure was not sufficient to exempt Mr. Farquhar,
frotholnvpunishment.tshhiohsits
nowas b
standtciT.
eheenorpdaerrt
party
committed a was,
; thatan
dM rt.h
eF a:rqdue;
Captain, by purchase, vice Nugent; Cornet H. C. Singleton to
be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Thewles, Jan. 11.
11 th Regiment of Light Dragoons—Lieut. W. Handley to be•
Captain, by purchase, vice Creighton, who retires ; Cornet J.
was
R. H. Rose to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Handley ; En- and party. Appllea-
sign A. Walker, from the 91st Foot, to be Cornet, by purchase, (ion might be made for the prisoner's release.
vice Rose, Jan. 11. M r. BETHELL hoped the otlu r side would be put under
12th Light Dragoons—T. B. Bunbury, Gent., to be Veterinary
Surgeon, vice Castley, deceased, Jan. 11. terms to accept of short notice of any applleaion it might
15th Light Dragoons—Assistant Surgeon J. Maitland, from be thought proper to make on behalf of the prisoner.
the Ist Foot, to be Assistant-Surgeon, vice Dealy, promoted in The LORD CHANCELLOR observed that they won!.
the 77th Foot, Jan. 11.
3d, or Scots Fusileer Regiment of Foot Guards—E. Onslow, no
doubt consent to accept of short notice. Certainly
sort .
Gent. to be Ensign and Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Byng, ap_
pointed lo the 7th Foot, Jan. 11.
lot Regiment of Foot—Lieut. E. A. G. Muller to be Captain,
by purchase, vice Babington, wbo retires ; ECILSigil E. Blachford
to be Lieutenant, qy purchase, vice Muller ; H. R. Marindin,
Gent. to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Blachford ; Staff-As-
sistant-Surgeon G. Clerihew, M.D., to be Assistant-Surgeon,
vice Maitland, appointed to the 15th Light Dragoons, Jan. 11.
3d Foot—Ensign and Adjutant W. White to have the rank of
Lieutenant, Dec. 8; Ensign A. Menzies, from the 46th Foot, to
be Ensign, vice White. appointed Adjutant, June 13.
7th Foot—Ensign and Lieut. W. F. Byng, from the 3d Foot
Guards, to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Lindsay, who re-
tires, Jan. 11.
16th Foot .Lieut. R. Carr to be Captain, without purchase,
vice Walton deceased, Dec. 11.
To be Lieutenants, without purchase.—Ensign C. C. Adams,
vice Carr, deceased, Dec. 14 ; Ensign C. J. Carter, vice Crumpe,
deceased, Dec. 28, 1831.
To be Ensigns.—Ensign J. B. Irwin, from 67th Foot, vice
Adams, Jan. 10; Ensign C. H. Fitzgerald, from the 98th Foot,
vice Carter, Jan. 11.
20th Foot—Major A.:Fraser, from the 40th Foot, to be Major
vice Simcockes, who exchanges, March 21; Ensign P. Le Cou.
teur, f.om half-pay Unattached, to be Ensign, without purchase,
vice Stanford, deceased, Jan. 11.
40th Foot—Major J. S. aimcockes, from the 20th Foot, to be
Major, vice Fraser, who exchanges, March 21.
To be Lieutenants.-41st Foot—Ensign R. Harnett, without
purchase, vice Daintry, deceased; Ensign G. S. Montizambert,
by purchase, vice Harnett, whose promotion, by purchase, has
been cancelled, Jan. 11.
•To be Ensign.—Ensign O'Meara, from half-pay Ist Foot, vice
Montizambert, Jan. 11.
45th Foot—Lieut. G. Minter to be Captain, without purchase,
vice Perham, deceased; Ensign H. B. Bennett to be Lieutenant,
without purchase, vice Minter April 29, 1832; Ensign and Ad.
jutant J. Hine to have the rank of Lieutenant, April 30, 1832;
Ensign J. Campbell, from half-pay 78th Foot, to be Ensign, vice
Bennett, Jan. 11, 1633.
46th Foot—Ensign G. H. L. Wharton, from the 72d Foot, to
be Ensign, vice Menzies, appointed to the 3d Foot, Jan. 11.
49th Foot—C. A. Sinclair, Gent., to be Ensign, without pur.
chase, vice Campbell, deceased, Oct. 13.
67th Foot—Gentleman Cadet A. B. Cane, from the Royal
Military College, to he Ensign, without purchase, vice Irwin,
appointed to the 16th Foot, Jan. 11.
70th root—Ensign J. Stanley to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Connor, who retires ; W. S. May, Gent. to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Stanley, Jan. 11.
72d Foot—Gentleman Cadet T. E. Pollard, from the Royal Mi-
litary College, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Wharton,
appointed to the 46th Foot, Jan. 11.
75th Foot—Serjeant, Major %V. Brookes to be Adjutant, with
the rank of Ensign, viee Sutton, who resigns the Adjutantcy
only, Jan. 11.
91st Foot—E. L. Robertson, Gent., to be Ensign, by purchase,
vice Walker, appointed to the 11th Light Dragoons, Jan. 11.
96th Foot--Lieut. E. Griffiths, from half-pay 48th Foot, to be
Paymaster, vice Scott, deceased, 11.
98th Foot—Ensign W. BalfJur, from half-pay 57th Foot, to be
Ensign, without purchase, vice Fitzgerald, appointed to the 16th
Foot, Jan. 11:
Rifle Brigade—Major-General Sir J. S. Barns, K.C.8., to be
Colonel-Commandant of a Battalion, vice Major-General Sir G.
R. Bingham, deceased, Jan. 7; Second-Lieutenant R. H. Fitz-
herbed to be First Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Tollemache,
promoted, Jan. 11.
HOSPITAL STAFF.
J. M. M'Donald, Gent., to be Staff-Assistant-Surgeon, vice
Hastings, whose appointment has not taken place, Jan. 11.
MEMORANDUM.
The undermentioned appointments, as stated in the " Gazette"
of the 2d Nov. last, have not taken place :
Assistant-Surgeon Connel, from the Rifle Brigade, to be As-
sistant-Surgeon in the 15th Light Dragoons.
Staff- Assistant-Surgeon Grant to be Assistant-Surgeon in the
Rifle Brigade.
GFFICE OF ORDNANCE, JAN. 9.
Corps of Royal Engineers—First Lieut. G. C. Page, to be Se-
cond Captain, vice Lewis retired on half-pay ; Second Lieut. W
H. Ford to be First Lieutenant, vice Page, Jan. 5.

_ -
CHAIRING OF THE REPEAL REPRESEN-
TATIVES OF THE CITY OF DUBLIN.

(From the Dublin Morning Register of Tuesday.)
Yesterday, the triumph of the great principle Of
repeal was celebrated in this city by the chairing of i
its representatives, Daniel O'Connell, Esq., MY-0
and Edward South well Ruthven, Esq., M.P. The
scene exhibited upon this interesting occasion was
the most splendid ever yet witnessed in the metro-
polis of Ireland, and it is one which never again
ran be equalled until it becomes the duty of the
Lord Lieutenant to proceed in state again to open
the Irish Parliament in College-green.
The chairing was remarkable beyond any other !
that has occurred here, from this circumstance, that
one-third of the entire cro%sd which filled up every
road and street was composed of frize coats. From
an early hour in the morning, the people from the
county Dublin came pouring into the city upon
all points, and from the delight and exultation
shown by them, it was quite evident that they re-
garded the chairing here as the celebration of the
victory they had fought for, and won by their votes 1.
and exertions in the county.
In pursuance of the arrangements by the Trades'
Union, the procession started at so early an hour ss
nine o'clock. The chair on which Mr. O'Connell
and Mr. Ruthven were seated, was a most magnifi-
cent triumphal car, decorated with very great tastes
and drawn by six horses. On the front was placed
a harper, dressed in the national costume of Ire'
land supported by two pages. Before Mr. O'Con-
nell and Mr. Ruthven stood that truly honest and
consistent patriot, Thomas Steele, Esq. The
triumphal car was preceded by trumpeters on horse-
back, a line of about 800 horsemen, each deco.'
rated with a blue tibinet sash, an immense line of
carriages, filled with 101. householders, who had
voted for Mr. O'Connell. These were followed
by the band of the Trades' Union, wearing fancy
dresses, and having in the same carriage the magni'
ficent banner of the Trades' Union. The nest
carriages were those of the election committee of
the Trades' Union, and those of the officers of the
Trades' Union, and their useful and indefatigable
secretary, Mr. Ray, and then the movers and se-
conders of the Repeal representatives. As each
portion of the procession came in view, it was
greeted with clapping of hands, waving of handker...
chiefs, shouts, cheers, and every possible demonstra'
tion of respect ; but strong as were these marks of
public joy and respect, they sunk into insignifr
eance, compared with those warm, enthusiastic,,,'
heart-thrilling, and deafening cheers which burst
upon the ear, when O'Connell, Ruthven, and Tom
Steele were seen. As the procession passed ie
front of the Castle-gate, it was noticed that the will'
(lows of the Hibernian Bank were filled with the,
ladies of the Governor and Directors of that coo'
pany, by whom cheers were given for those wile
were the object of the popular choice. From Col"
lege-green the procession passed by the appointed'
route to the house of Mr. O'Connell, where so vast
a multitude was collected, that by the mere pre'
sure of the dense crowd, the iron rails round the
green plot burst in! Fortunately no accident t:W
curred either there or in any other part of the route.
Mr. O'Connell briefly addressed the multitude, sq.
after congratulating them on the glorious triune
which had marked the proceedings of the day, bS
intreated that each of them would consider himsel'
personally responsible for the preservation of the
public peace. The request was enthusiastically re
spooded to.

Commission signed by the Lord Lieutenant of the County. Pa-
latine of Lancaster.
Ist Regiment of the Duke of Lancaster's Own Militia.
IL J. Shuttleworth, Esq., to be Captain, vice Latham deceased,
Dec. 31.

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
RICHARD CHAFFEY, clothier, Thorncombe, Devonshire,
from Dec. 27 to Jan. 17, at eleven, at George Inn, Crewkerne.
BANKRUPTS.
W ILLI AM SMITH, baker, Teddington, Middlesex, to sur-
render Jan. 25, and Feb. 22, at one, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Hopwood and Foster, Chancery-lane ; Clark, St. Swithin's-lane,
Lombard-street, official assignee.
CHARLES JILLETT, victualler, Mordon, Surrey, Jan. 21,
and Feb. 22, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Hall and
Bishop, Sergeant's Inn, Fleet-street; Clark, St. Swithin's-lane,
Lombard-street.
I'ETER GRIST, printer, Albany-street, Regent's-park, Jan.
19 and Feb. 22, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Verbeke
and Corrie, Lower Grosvenor-street.
BUSICE JOSEPH WINBOLT, stationer, Poultry, London,
Jan. 18 and Feb. 22, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Belcher, King's Arm's-yard, Coleman-street, official assignee ;
Phipps, Weaver's hall, London.
WILLIAM JAMES GINGELL, baker, Langford, Somerset-
shire, Jan. 25. and Feb. 22, at eleven, at the Castle Inn, DeviWzes.
J. Williams, Verulam-buildings, Oray's-inn, London ; Mr. all,
Devizes.
DANIEL OUTHWAITE BLYTH, merchant, Colchester,
Essex, Jan. 17, at two, and Feb. 22, at eleven, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Marston and Co., Church-row, Newington-qutts.
ELIZABETH ROWE, innkeeper, Wigan, Lancashire, Feb.
5 and 22, at twelve, at the Buck'i'ili Vine Inn, Wigan. Morris,
Wigan ; Walrasley, Keightley, and Parkins: Chancery-lane,
Lond On.
GEORGE EVANS, insurance-broker, Nicholas-lane, Lom-
bard-street, Jan. 18, at two, and Feb. 22, at eleven, at the Court
of Bankruptcy. J. and T. Gole, Lothbury.
WILLIAM LOWE, chemist, Bishopsgate-street Without,
Jan. 18, at eleven, and Feb. 22, at twelve, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Green, King's Arm's-yard, official assignee; Lester,
Child's-place, Temple-bar.
HENRY STt.PHENS, stone-mason, Aldersgate-street, Jan.
22, at twelve, and Feb. 22, at eleven, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy, Edwards, Pancras-lone, official assignee; kWariters,
King's-road, Gray's-inn.
THOMAS WROE, cotton-spinner, Hollinwood, Lancashire,
28, 29, and Feb. 22, at ten, at the Albion Hotel, Man-
chester. Adlington, Gregory, and Faulkner, Bedford-row ;
Law, Manchester.
JASPER YORKE and GEORGE YORKE, millers, Che-
shunt, Hertfordshire, Jan. 18, at one, and Feb. at ten, at the
Court of Bankauptcy. Gresham and Miller, Castle-street, Hol-
' born.
WILLIAM JONES, grocer, Swansea,' Jan. 23, and Feb. 22,
at two, at the Bush Tavern Bristol. White and Whitmore, Old-
; square, Lincoln's-inn, London ; Short, Bristol.
