TO THE ELECTORS OF 'NORWICH.

61:4TLEMRK,
AVING received a Requisition to become
a Candidate for the Representation of this City,
emanating from the Operative Class of Society, signed by
+1 wry large portion of Electors, and having had a Decla-
ration banded to me supporting the app .al thus made, I
cannot hesitate, .any longer to comply with their wishes,
although I had relinquished all thoughts of again return.
iog into public life.

My political opinions have been fur many years before
you. I can assure you they remain unaltered, and upon
them I rest my claim to your support.
I am, Gentlemen, your faithful and obedimit servant,
R. H. GURNEY.

Norwich, July 13, 1830.
All communications to be addressed—London Com-
mittee, Guildhall Coffee-house; or, Mr. Thomas Edwards,
Oxford-hill, Norwich.

To the WORTHY and INDEPENDENT ELECTORS
of the CITY of NORWICH.

O E NTLEM EN,
WHEN at the Iast:ELECTION you, for the
Sixth time, invested me with the important
office of Representing you in Parliament, it was attended
with circumstances of such peculiar honour, as not only
rendered it incomparably more grateful to me, but, if
possible, strengthened the ties by which I was sauces-1
dlently bound to your service—nor am I conscious of hav2
fug since forfeited any pledge I ever gave, or of having
ideviateel from those Principles -of CIVIL and RELI-1
s GIOUS LIBERTY in which I was nurtured from my
1 cradle—which originally introduced me to your notice,
and on my adherence to which I have ever rested my pre-
tensions to public favour. At that time, however, I had not
merely contemplated my retirement, but repeatedly expressed
1 illy intention of net offering myself again to your notice after
the usual term of the present Parliament. By the late
solemn and lamented event, that term has been unexpect-
edly abridged ; but I am grateful for having been indulged
with the opportunities of co-operating in the accomplish-
ment of most of the great objects to which my most stre-
• mums efforts through life have been directed—the Alio,
lition of the execrable Slave Trade, and the Triumph of
Religious Liberty and an enlarged Policy in the Repeal of
Civil Restraints imposed, in other times, on both the Pro-
tes+ant and Catholic Dissenters from the Ecclesiastical
Establishment of the country. Some questions in which
' I take a deep into' eat, yet remain unsettled ; especially that
concerning Colonial Shivery—in the destruction of which I
iwould cheerfully expend my latest breath. Personally,
too, it would ill become incto affect indifference at
the Dissolution, or even the abridgment of a connection,
from which I have derived so much high and rational sa-
tisfaction ; but, besides that I cannot descend from that
eminence on which your favour placed me at the last
Elec-
tion, I feel, in advancing years, sufficient reason to dis
i suade me from engaging in active service for another Par
‘ liainent ; and every circuenstince which belongs to me,'
makes me insuperably -repagnente•te .enter afresh into thei,
tumultuous field of popular contention. I must therefore
surrender your interests, and commit my objects, into
'younger and more vigorous hands—sincerely wishing
that you may be served for the. future with more energy
and ability (I am sure you will not be wit's inure
fidelity and independence) than I have employed
upon your concerns. Gentlemen,—Age is garru •
Inns,—and I have perhaps challen Tel ydur kind atten-
tion already fur a longer time than you may wil-
lingly afford to a retiring servant. I could not how-
ever reconcile myself abruptly to dissolve such ties as
have long existed between us, by a concise and merely
formal Election Address—but, as this will probably be my
last, I must entreat you to bear with me for yet a short
' space, on a subject in which I can hive no farther per.
tonal concern, than as I feelingly believe your honour and
real interests to be therein deeply involved. Soon after
in) introduction to Norwich, I became acquaiuted '
with the system of your municipal contests—intimatelp
connected, as you well know, with those of a more im-
portant cast. I then expressed my entire disapprosatiou
of those proceedings, awl my positive determination never
to mingle in them in any way ; to which declaration I
have, in practice, resolutely adhered. Previous to my list
return you witnessed my strenuous exertions in private and :
pubic, to introduce purer principles of political action ;
with what share of success in diminishing the evil, you
know better than I. But I cannot conclude without ex-'
pressing my entire conviction that, if during the last
twenty years, one half of the trouble and expense'
Which have been worse than wasted in following
the system of the last generation, had been em.
played in endeavours to correct it in the present—the
triumph of those principles of which we profess ,
to be the supporters and the advocates, would by this time
I have been complete ; and the conduct of Norwich Elections
and Electors, keeping pace with the general' improvement
of the time, would have permanently established that 1
triumph on the stable foundations of acknowledged local
utility and national advantage.
I have the honour to be,
With much personal regard, and the sincerest good
wishes for your increasing prosperity,
Gentlemen,
Your most obedient and faithful Servant,
WILLIAM SMITH.
Seymour.street, Portman-square, July 5, 1830.

SLOW PROGRESS OF WILLIAM THE
CONQUEROR.

In what may without impropriety be called his
'second campa►gn, he turned !us arms against the
Saxons of Devonshire, who, supported by their
British neighbours in Cornwall, and an►matcdl

_
' by the presence of Harold's family, refused tr
Acknowledge his government, and rejected all
correspondence with his lieutenants. Betrayed
by the thanes, the more generous people madel
a gallant stand against the invaders, but were,
compelled to surrender Exeter into William sl
hands. About this time Edgar was carried tol
the court of Malcolm, surnamed Caenmore, King
of Scotland, where that Prince married the Prin.
cats Margaret, after the death of her brother
Edgar, the representative of the royal house of!
Wessex. Many of the Saxon nobles followed'
Edgar, and, being mingled with subsequent emi-
grations of discontented Normans, became the
stock of the greater part of the Scottish nobility.
No foreign soldier had yet been seen beyond
the Humber. The Normans made only occa-
lsional inroads into Mereia. They had no solid,
footing to the northward of Trent. The retitle.;
tion of the central and northern provinces proved
a more arduous task than any that William had
,liithe:to accomplished. Early in the summer
',he
began his movements against warlike people,
Inothing mwho wanted but skilful cotnanders tang
la centre of union to have made a iesist,thee a,
successful as it was glotious.
It is not easy to ascertain the crier of the,
occurrences of this first campaign of the col:4
queror's northern war. It is not clear, indeed,t
whether his advance was hastened by the reeep4,
don of the exiles in Scotland, or the ig i ( II 1 t ,1..:
t:

lEdgar and his family was occasioned by the in-
I'vasion of the northern principalities. The sue-
cessive reduction of Oxford, Warwick, Notting-
iham, Leicester, Derby, and Lincoln, after an
obstinafe resistance, attested by the ruined con-
dition of these towns at the survey of the king.
dom a few years after, sufficiently point out the
extreme frontiers of the territory won at Hastings,
the basis of William's operations, and the line
by which he advanced. Some progress in the
reduction of Mercia he undoubtedly made.—
Norman chroniclers tell us that he was not only
resisted in the walled places but in the field, on
his march to York, in an action where the
Saxons were worsted. He established an ad-
vanced post at York ; and contenting himself
with formal submission, and an actual armistice,
probably not guarded by •any stipulations, he
hastened southwards to meet the son of Harold,
who obtained a victory over the Normans near
Bristol, and threatened to revive the war in the

west. The western provinces rose; but as his'
pretensioss were irreconcileable with those of
Edgar,' ticere could be no co-operation between
them and the people of the north, so that [ln-'
rold's son was next year again compelled to take
refuge in Ireland.
The campaign of 1069 was opened in the
'northern provinces with appearances threatening
to the Norman power. York was recovered ;,
the Saxons were assembled in great numbers in
the most inaccessible districts ; the Saxons of the I 1
'south threw themselves into the woods with their
'wives and children, and chose rather the life of
'outlaws, in which they subsisted on the spoils
of the neighbourhood, than the yoke of Norman
thraldom. Some Norman chiefs, wearied by
the constant inroads and assaults of the Saxons,'
retired in disgust to their castles in Normandy ;
and symptoms of dissatisfaction with their int-1
'perfect and insecure conquests were shown by
more. Robert de Coming, in defiance of the
warnings of the Bishop of Durham, ventured tol
occupy that strong but detached position. On
the day after his entrance the Northumbrians
burstinto the town, and slew the Governor with

• nine hundred. Normans. Encouraged by this
• example, the people of York besieged thegarri-
sons of the castles built to bridle them. The
Norman garrison burnt the city (Sept. 18) ;
but the people, with the aid of a Danish army
which came to the help of their brethren beyond
the Humber, destroyed the castles. Edgar
Athelingappeared at York and was aCknowledgeo
' King. His authority extended from the Humber
•to the Tweed, and he was supported by the
Kings of Denmark and Scotland. But William
was never wanting in determination and speed :
',he hastened to the north, defeated the allied
Oarmies, and once more advanced to the
' Tees.—
IHe then gave an unbounded license to his
cruelty. It is the principle of conquerors to'
treat a vanquished people more severely in, pro-
,
portion to the valour and pertinacity of the de-1
fence ; qualitiesin themselves the objects of ad-
miration, and in such cases the best proof of they,
cruel injustice of imposing on a people a foreign
yoke to which they show an unconquerable re-
pugnance. The country from the Humber was
ravaged with such ferocity, as to be described by
the friends as well as the enemies of William in
terms of indignation, which prove that it far ex•
. ceeded the ordinary misdeeds of conquerors in an .
age when the mildest warfare was atrocious., •
" From York to, Durham not an inhabited village
remained I Fire, slaughter, and desolation made
it a vast wilderness, which," says William of
Nialmsbury (60 years after), " it continues'
to this dap" From the Tees to the Tyne
.the army in its advance spread the same
desolation ; bare walls, and fields without
a trace of tillage, covered the face of the
country. Some of the busbandmen, taking re-
fuge
in the mountains and forests, tried to sub- ,
sin on the plunder of their oppressors ; many '
sold themselves into slavery ; the flesh of dogs,
of horses, of men, was greedily swallowed by
dying wretches. It was horrible to look into
the ruins of houses, or on the streets and roads,
which were covered with human corpses gradu-
ally destroyed by putrefaction. None were left
to bury ' them. Pestilence stalked through the
neighbouring provinces in the train of famine.
~
What was called peace was thus imposed on the
Northumbrian territory. The King of Scots:
submitted, after having contributed to the deso- t
Ration of the country which he came to defend.;
The object and extent of Ms submission has fin
ages been the subject of disputes equally angry
and frivolous. Edwin and Morcar could nob

longer resist. Some accounts represent the
Danes either satiated with spoil or bribed by
William, as having deserted their unfortunate
allies without necessity. There could be no
rebels in a country where there were no in
habitants.

1 ihe Conqueror regarded himself as rightful
King of England from his proclamation in
London. He. saw the repugnance of the in.
chabitants; and wherever they reAsted the at-
'''
tacks of himself or his lieutenants, he seized
their lands and took away their lives as rebels.
Confiscation gleaned whatever conquest had
!spared; after the advance of his army to the
'Tyne it became universe!. lie granted the
county of Chester to Hugh, who earned even in
that age time surname of the "'Wolf." The,
' Earl appointed a Norman named Lenoir hisl
constable, with extensive grants of land, with all
the four.footed beasts taken from the Britons,
with poNer of life and death, together with
boundless means of raising money by fines, and'
a right of re-emption in the city of Chester.l
iLenoir, or Nigel, established five of his brotherd
with the like means of murder and rapine ; all
fording, probably, a just example of the manual
in which these tremendous powers over the'
vanquished were lavished on hungry adven-
turers, whose hands were imbrued in blood, and
who came reeking from the perpetration oq
!atrocities not to be named, to combine a slow
rand lasting tyranny under the names of earls,
`constables, and seneschals.—Dr. Lardneris Ca,.
billet Cyclopedia, Vol. VIH.

TIIE FUNERAL AND I4YING-IN ST4%Tp_.--t4
The Court Journal of Saturday neat will contain, W Itci;
informed, a copious anti entir oy origin tl, ancoutit of tloi,
shove ctretnimiet, ‘vritteli ou tile apot expressly for it,4l.
Ipageg, front personal oliservati..in math: under pcotiliarA
ifavoiltable cireumslances. The same number wilt
leotopriae a great v..riety of papvls of poeuliar interest at 0.
ptoont nioment; among inat,v takers an Its tlclo on
Moments of several Engiidi Writtv:ifa.
Irby a Reigning Sovereign on his Accession to the Throne—v.
a Sketch of tl.e (there of Hanover C“.
• •

IMITSE OF LORDS—(LAST NIGHT.)
Lord GODEELICEI presented a petition against
ha Carriers' Bill, from certain'persnns in Liverpool.
• The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a
petition from publishers and booksellers in London
,cfpecting the same Bill. The Carriers' Bill pro-
vided that no stage-couch proprietor should be an-
swerable for goods of a certain value, unless speci-
fied. The petitioners °bp cted to books being in
cluded in the provision.
On the report of the Committee on the Carriers'l
aill being read, the Marquis of LANSDOWNE moved
an amendment to except books from the necessity
of being specified, which was agreed to.
The LORD CHANCELLOR gave notice, that
he would cn Friday next move the second reading
of the Bill to amend the Law of Libel.
The Earl of DARN LEY moved the second read,
ing of the Holyhead Road Bill.
The Marquis SALISBURY wished the Bill to
be postponed, in order that un inquiry might be
instituted.

The Earl of DARNLEY pressed the reading
,of
ihe Bill; which was agreed to. •
COURT OF .SES6ION. (SCOTLAND) BILL.
Lord MELVILLE presented a petition in favour
of the above Bill from the incorporated Solicitors of
'the Supreme Courts in Scotland.
On the motion that the Bill be committed,
The•Eurl of MANSFIELD said, that as he had
not expressed his opinion upon the Bill before, he
would take the present opportunity of doing so.—
[le was surprised to hear it stated that -the Jury
trial was universally popular in Scotland. He de-I
that that was the,_case; but if it were, it did
not follow that the people would be satisfied with
the present Bill. He could have wished that the
IBill had been postponed for a year, in order to ullo.►
time for investigation. He could not see any evil
,usequences that would arise from delay; but after
the decision their Lordships bad come to the other
night, it was not his intent►on to press that point.
Lord WYNFORD proposed as an amendment,
tlait the system of trial by Jury, which under the
I Bill would be confined to the Court of Session,
should be extended to the proceedings in the She-
riffs' Courts. There was no argument in favour of
,the form, r that did not d fortiori, apply to the
!Sheriffs' Courts, which exercised an extensive
jurisdiction in Scotland, particularly in those cases
'►'nf damages for loss of property, which were bet,
!determined by
_u Jury.

Lord MELVILII was sure that Go person con-
nee'ed with 'Scotland could approve of the Noble
and Learned Lard's amendment, because it was op-
posed to the opinions and wishes of those in that.
'country most conversant with, and interested in, the
proceedings of the Sheriffs' Courts. Had the INoblt,
and Learned Lord read the reports on which
present 13111 was 'omitted, ho would have seen thel
inexpediency of his proposition. Besides the propel
mode of effecting the object ho had in view would
'be a substantive Bill, and not a clause in a measure
'bought forward for a different purpose.
The amendment was negatived without a division.
After which the Bill went through a Committee,!
'and a number of clauses, with several verbal amend-1
ments, were agreed to. • _ _

Yesterday the general distribution of prizes took
place at this institution. The Chair was filled by
Mr. DENMAN, and amongst those present were, Sir
11. Parnell, Mr. S. Rice, Mr. Wm. Smith, Colonel
Leicester Stanhope, and Colonel Jones.
The CHAIRMAN having explained the object of
the meeting, the Warden proceeded to state the
principle upon which the various prizes had been'
adjudged, and which was the same as on all pit-
vions occasions.

The House resumed, and the report was receive(
—Bill, as amended, to be p►inted.

The Latin Professor having stated that the pro,
weds of his class during the last year had exceeded
his expectations, proceeded to name the boys to
whom he had adjudged honours. The first premium
was awarded to Alexander Allen, and the second
to Stephen Edmond Rice.
The prize for Latin composition was obtained
ilso by Alexander Allen,
Several other minor premiums were distributed
.11 this school.

ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE BILL.

The Greek Professor having stated the results of
his labours during the year, and that he had every
re4son to hope that the study of the Greek langitgt,p
'would proceed successfully in the University, 1,1i,2
vtiaa awarded the premiums obtaineil is his tie: oak.
the first in the retuor class was ohtnined by Jobb
Donaldson, and the second by Alexuioh
Allen.

The premium for Greek composition was giver:
to Joseph C. Meade.
In this school, as in the former, several mina
premiurns were awarded.
! The English Professor spoke in high terms of the
!progress which the pupils wider his.histruetion had
made during the past season.
The first prize was obtained by Mr. Rosson
William Rosson, and the second was given to Chrk-
topher Duncan.
The prize for English composition was likewise,
{warded to Christopher Duncan. The le:titled Pro-
fessor stated that the subject of the essay for which
this prize had been obtained was" The state of Eng.-
fish literature in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and
the causes OMR sudden advancement at that period."
lie further intimated that there were eight compe-
titors for the prize, but that such was the equalit;.!
of their merits, he
,was necessitated to call in Ott
aid of a learned friend of his, a Professor from the
University of Oxford, who was then wiih him ; and
They, conjointly thinking that the balance rather in-
&dined in favour of the production of Mr. C. Duncan,
did forthwith, in accordance ! with the maxi!'
Palmanz qui meruil ferat, award the prize to thai
young gentleman.
The young gentleman, who appeared to be. be!
tweeii 14 and 15 years of age, ree-ived the prize
unidri the acclamations of the assembly. •

' The Earl of ELDON said, he would take that
opportunity of stating, that 144 ti majority of •theil
Lordships had pronounced an opinion favourable to
this tnettinre, he felt it his duty to'submit to that
opinion, though he could. not concur in it ; and Ilej
should therefore trouble their Lordships with no fur-
ther opposition to, or observations upon, the all.
The House having returned, the Bill, with amentl-
tnent, was reported, and ordered to be printed.
SIR JONAH BARRINGTON'S CASE.

~.,,
The Mathematical Professor stated, that.the first, ..1
class in his school censisted of three, aid that thei, 9
merits were ,so equal, that no prize had been a I if
judged, he (the Professor) multi ving that it wind i:;',i
be invidious to make Tiny distinction between gentle. k,i
men whose merits were so great and so much alike :!;.',,
~,
C ij
artificatee, however, equal to prizes, had been al- i
lotted to all three,--namely, to Mr. Powell, Count it..i
1 :
Codas, and Mr. W. A. Turner. I
In the second class the prize was awarded to Mt 4 J
James Chance. ,-„,i
~.."
In the Natural Philosophy Class certificates well
awarded to Count Corlas and Mr. Powell. LI
The Professor of Botany expressed great satin.-
faction at the progress of the students in his school e'''
l'he first prize was given to Mr. F. Taylor, and tht '
,!,
,econd to Mr. William Griffin. J
The Hebrew Professor awarded the prize to Mr. •!
W. C. Young, of Essex-street, Strand. He stated
that that young gentleman had transleted u nou'
in that ancient language with great ability and cores
rectnese,
The first prize awarded by the French Professot 0
t: A!.
was given to Mr. acme", of Parliament-streets ;
The Warden, in the absence of the Law Pro-
fester, read his report. The first prize was given tt,
Vir. R. D. Cruye ; the second to Mr. J. Robinson : I"`4
the third prize was awarded to a young gentletnne,i.
~,
No. GS, but When called, it was not claimed.
The Learned CIIAIRMAST, the distribution of prize!, .s.:
having been concluded, congratulated the Professors.,
the students, und their parents, on the delightful
exhibition which had just taken place. The young
persons who had that day ascended the platform. it'
receive the reward of their talents and extrtiote
were, doubtless, at some future period, destiny' i,
shed a lustre upon that institution by Ole station.
they would attain, and the fame that .t,‘ mild 'mem, 1',.,
the successful efforts of their !wriest and prais.• :.
worthy ambition. But, judging from the sensatiotb 1,:
which such a scene excited in his own bosom, bring. i'
ing him back, as it did, to the fresh and. tinily feel-
....
ings of his boyhood, he was certain that they w001,,,'1,
?lever again enjoy en hour of purer und brighte, .;,,
happiness than they roust have then experienced vi
'foul well-earned honour of that exciting praise which
the ancient sago and orator had described as supply-
'ng the most delightful passage, in • existence,
Nifill cairn in Oa mngnopere expetenduin tririci 's
tandem clique hontslatem. In conclusion, he 'wail
congratulated all those present an the pleasing scent
which they had just witnessed.

Counsel having been called in in this case,
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL appeared at the bar 01
the part of the Crown.

Sir J. Barrington also appeared, and stated, that
in consequence of his infirm state of health, and th,.
great degree of excitation which he experienced in
Attempting to conduct a cause in which his honour
and eharacter were so deeply implicated, be felt
unable to proceed with his defence in person. He
herefore begged their Lordships to allow Mr.
Grady, an eminent Irish barrister, to act in his stead;
And in making this request aptilogized for his having
(as he feared) been betrayed iota too strong evi-
dences of excitement coon a former evening.
• Mr. GRADY havin;• been called in, proceeded to
cross-examine Mr. Moen') at very went length relat-
ive to the rule books and orders of the Irish Ad-
rniraily Court.
The cross-examination lasted for three hours. At
'the conclusion of it the further consideration of ti c
case was postponed till Friday, when
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, the House'
'would expect that Mr. Grady should be prepared to'
proceed with the case for the defence, and bring it
to a close. • I

Adjourned at a Quarter-past Eleven o'clock til
Friday.

APPEALS BEFORE TIIE PRIVY

COUNCIL, JULY It.

,„ THE EAST INDIA COMPANY, AND OTHERS, v. Till:,' tr!!!!"...!.tii..„5twittr,!......41..r.!
EXECUTORS
OP NAIIIIODA, A NATIVE EItAIIAM OllO or the city constables has just informer•
OP INDIA. .is that 4 poor yeoman, nattnol es...k.ssr, 60 mother f 1
TUE DECC'AN lIIIZE,—.IIIDOMENT. four young children, has thou within a few days at ()men'
1:,• T tis was an appeal from n judgment of the So- EMI, of actual starvation, and this id but one of the utan;l
prone Court of Judicature of Bombay, protium:ext.! .!.Ases that have occurred in this once-flourishing city of
ender the following
.cirettm,tanees t
ours. \%e repeat it that mon!, human beings have diet.'lMOlipst voli:riom hunger, or front sickness consequent
At the commeneentent of the war in 1807 bo-
tweitemthe ',latish Governmemt in Untie and th, —it thereon. 1t :enny Journal.
itt Peishwa, Narwhal, the testator, was treasurer to th SUICIDE.--Betweeil seven And eight .tiolocke
latter at Poona. On the advance of the I.3iititi! '4l Ttle!'laY evenings tilt fismily of Mr, Banana., o. Mary
.. trmy, the Peishwa and Narroha quitted Poona. 11. • leeone-hire, oAford-street, boot and alio#.maker, no'
k,
February, 1818, Mr. Elphinstone, one of the appti m - thrtn into the greatcht consternation end alarm by dig
lant4,lvho had been appointed cumin; -stoner for th, ~'''' ill that- °fie of the femalelervtuttvt 413 illtar"i4 i
'. settlement of the Deccan, issued a proclamation, 14"? t'g 'teen Yeur4 ni. age, 144411 taken poison. Sureti•ai
mists alma immediatad, and tiVery
declaring that those who should quit the Peishwni- 1i omie to caveat
tits wistehedly gtpri,rocure st the omieli 'pump !idiot
stundurd within two months from that period, a-efl wichout tiocoes,t ; she died in halt tut lit-ui a tear w 4• ti.
. .fitould be received into the protectit3ll of the Brick in - .1 • •
.fe mobt excruetattog Agnoy. She admitted burin,
. , Government, and that their property, both real nod taken, hall on uttueo of oxalis+ 4440. Disappointed hwe
personal, should be secured. Shortly ofterwArds, i sail to have induced 11er to commit therg+l4 net.
1 Narrohn withdrew from the service of the Peishsv,i"l. , •
and settled at Nana, untkr the jurisdiction of au t k 1 h 1 "lof I) h I' 1' 11
, , Cu.%MI our on t,o ~,4 . t.oeto rr,;fit;', in lily „ ,
Our present King, WILLIAM 1%.* cutele
British ()ovum:mitt, when he W. appreltennett by t ,r, , ~ Ali, itcy,,,,,,, ii,n,t udirax, as piinee wital, ..,
Mr. Robertson, (another of tho appahnifta, It Ataifs- 11;;trty, her then vonot-moder. The object wsu t i ,i,,.; )
rinks of Poona), and deprived of nil his property ,$ the Duke of llewspoto, then Lord Lieutenant it Itlioto
•To the amount of 1,745,,290 ityecs, which ‘1)•4 ecru-,4t Dublin Ws Royal highness, Ii is; re,iii kmich 410,
fiseated as the property of the Ile:sli WA. Narroha ii appoitatedon learning that his Excellency hart die4.l ou th, •
preceding, and that his totutilis had het-,,
•
died shortly ufterwards, und his exerittora brought
3R RellOtt or hover egainst the appt I{ on a fax the V retunvol to Eng) ilui ot? the 17th of Novernltt,t• fur :
monies seized, which was tried before Sir .14tti a o.:t 'hero
tit
eurvii:i,t.vi.nnit,}l_,t
u.f.
Aide
~,,,,,cii.::::
Ed „Ara i Merit.
...116
tittoeyiritioighoiftexa_
)w.a.s. vt li toil upm, 1,).
.1, ii•iti,
West, the Chief J'l'lict's ''d 'AI' J"'li" "b"lber''
t‘ r1("I'llr:i;?: :bat 11(4.)litrOtIC't:41t):1" '664
''
t "t'
.:Alsilibil'''
.'" in 18'40, Mimi the Court having hea:'d the evidence . t::',l4"autiiiie 3 bov ' g ' ehe, wha m ell kt,,w ),,,,.;
1!,
t•'', ' MUM* itttOtti its Ginntt'it.•Sti eet t; e(i.Nrivs., went to tin 0
awl argument Aon bath sides, pronormeed judgmetA 'lows coimexiou. did,
1 !'or the respondents for the crane altount siought,
,4 tied „to, ,110 „ertditims
i'tt's tiLlteuli(l;ll,l,llglinets aft,,,w,fd,
with costs and inte‘Clit from the - period of l
rigeotat }lnd beet lA.
seizure; principally &Jr! the groutull, thttt Iv ML, 410,tighter sod niece of Alderunut 11.L.Attl ' d4nceauutri,lll.\' ,'I
LAI" (now Afts. 5p.,1,t,1e ti,vi:i,,,,,, l'''"? m"1 :i 1- -- -'
taken into tho protoct Inn 0 -01(4 1100 A Goetrr- of a farut.fr town clii4), . wetat t lyn.o 1.13 th, dtto,,ht,,
',,i)(3111, oti 0011,1equently that his property should be, with the Yottlghal corpo.ratiyo .° . Sugl'al' ''411••`111
41aphinstene's proclaim° ionsl
i'4lteld szered. Trite thii decision MI tippeitt Wos'. the 'l4, -.14,1,1, a su,liNoNsaTxr(o7,ed,r.,,tt,s,.l}l.o . 1
Drought to to the Privy Council, ttlifere it had heekt wards to ti itt :
1
.30 ...a, qua of WATEIL33)114W:11:1(;;I:11.:1'4';Itsi1:
argued bcfore, Lords Ten:onion, t.denhorotwb, tillil,4lltettAnn muscaAll:,
iligh ttio•rif4", Where aft c4' 02—
Bathurst, the Chief Justice of the (itannoi, plett,,tlfraut 116 atom patent rettAol Liot, ,141 l'i'i It"Y4) iiil'';''
(1„1 chief 130001 tht) AinAer of rho RA1..., and si,. It " returned to cur% oinhaih,Ni for llnclo,d in hi,
I
Gliristopher Ropitison, for £eveyal da• S; by lire; 11.4'llt'' 4"1 1411'6)
at
111'"'""tli
""
th°
'l7'hi."ti
*w
'"
I '''
''''
Attorney and SoLcitot-Clener4l for the• tan ellat . Lfnuent, liming tiny l :tier letscike 4 tilmo,h•r.st,,,, i ,
amid by Mr. John Williams, Mr. De '1 - .1'4./ "r'l'''' "v" ti''' 8)11i '.° "4'l'4 :Lri: 1" 'l"t"' '''"'.
""
- -''
!
'mum stnd Mr•
- I *
k I 't fat. the r4c
il tWI , (.. i 1101t4 MS. Tile At( •atm k.4.ver -te not.tost,ott. It ~root in ti•*'
orney-Gotenti poi.id in Ids tb3,l not.„ltt - • • ' -' '. .
• . ~,
"altitrA,V.,LF.FMratigt• '',. ' ''' --- . ' •..
'
.',/r."4*itjttYlflff.'ZrAFArirntg'hlLWiLAr,o..,,A:,,,....,•--••. ,
