NEGRO SLAVERY.

Petition. against Negro Slavery were presented by the
Bishop of London, the Earl of Liverpool, Lord Rosalyn,
Lord Calthorpe, and Lord Marnelift..
The Report of the Committee on Lord Tenterden's
Law Improvement Bill was brought up by the Earl of
Sli A rritSllllll,Y.

Oa the motion of Lord Avoci.A.ND the House ad-
journed at Twenty Minutes past Five &clock.
None of his Majesty's Ministers were present with the
exception of the Loan CIIANCELLOR. and the Duke of
RICHMOND.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUKSDAV, Nov. 23.

The Smitten took the Chair at Three o'clock, at
which time the body of the House was crowded- with
Mertibers.

NRW WRIT.

Mr. SPRING RICE moved for a New Writ for the
County of York .and Bump of Knaresliarough, in the
room of henry Brougham. 44q. who had been appointed
Lord High Chancellor of England. • ' writ,
being the ruotiou that the Speaker do issue a new writ,
being put from the chair,
Mr. CHOKER said, that this motion, although it ap-
peered to be almost one of course, was, considering them-
%pittance attending it, one of the most important that bad
ever been MOP within-1N walls of that House, and be
trusted, therefore, that he should be excused if he ventured
to make a few ohoervatione upon it. The gentleman
whose place it was now necesaary to fill up in that House,
end who, by the courtesy of that Houten, had been usually
milled an Hon. and Learned Member of that House, but
who new, by a most extraordinary cheep waste be called
a Noble aml Learned Loral,—the Noble anal Learned Lord,
then, had declared publicly and plainly in that Muse, and
shw ittth ;tieficti v
could
ulifiew onotf tih change
,yeany
yp which
ooib had
t;rrinatiwabewen
teffoefctet,
thatl
administration whose creation, when the now N.,ble and
cLeeratarnineli}l,,Loinredvmitiatil)elet,_his(dleitr,atiileena,r,wfarsomplatiobley.,Opptiltteilty:,
Benches.) Ile should not have thought so much of thin
declaration, bed not the Noble and. Learned Lord made it
voluntarily, anal had he not repeated it—yes, repeated it,
and voluntarily repeated the ,next public occasion,
end after be had had full time to look at all the bearings of
the impending change. He had often heard that Noble
Lord Say that the characters of public men were part of the
wealth of England, if so the character of that man
who had been elevated to the highest and most tran-
scendent place in the State—lie wise, to use ► Parlia-
mentary phrase, had been appointed the keeper of the
King's conscience--he who had been clanged with the
highest judicial functions of the realm—ht on whom' the
prosperity and lives of his Majesty's subjects materially
depended, anal who above all, was entrusted with all
the patronage of the church—':.if public distracter was dear,
surely it was eminently so to such a man as he, who above
all others, ought to stand clear of ell 'appearances of o:ha-
lting and truckling. If the character of public men ought
to be clear and satisfactory, it became indispensably se
when that public man was the Lard High Chancellor
of England.—c Hear, hear.) thither this impression
he felt no hesitation in calling the attention of the
House to the declarations made by the Member fur York.
shire; they might probably admit of explanation now or
hereafter, but he could not see how they could be recon-
ciled. He did not know why this writ wile not
moved for yesterday ; it was not respectful to the
Ramie, when one of its Members were called to the
other House of Parliament, not to be immediatelY informed
of it.—(Hear, hear.):..-.lle would also ask What was to
become of the notice for the 25th inst. Mr. !!roughen had
given notice of introducing a motion on West India Slavery,
lead another on Parliamentary Reform, was it therefore re
spectful to the House that after two such notices, and
two siteli solemn pledge* had been given by the. eminent
Wien Who 'introduced 'them, it should now be told that
that eminent person could not take coy part in their
discussion.—(Hear, hear.) Was the Right Honourable
Gentleman in such breathless haste to take office? Was
he so anxious to grasp at the Greet Seal, that be could
not wait for a short time to introduce hie splendid masa,
sures?.....(Hear, hear.) It appeared that such WAN his
anxiety to fill the high Ace, that he (Mr. Croker)
might ihnost say that the Noble and Learned ludivilluel
entered the House of Lords in tioniino;—(liear, and a
41410, He would again say that such breathless baste was
not heating the Commons of England with respect. He
04ttnfroiitliiileedoNstshosebTeuaetnribdotylLteehaionlwilietl:Erietoewoirladitaaythaidinitpmr‘aevimatiourittlaothtneattlhatitecttliftveruasenttitoorrnyy:
explanation should be given of the subsequent conduct of
the Noble and Learned Lord. There were certain orgasm,
by which the people expressed their sentiments; he need
not more particularly describe the nature of those organs, and
he heal only to Observe that it wee from one of them that he
Was about to read the passage to'Whieh he bogged the at-
tentionfellows of the
uHouse. r
representative, 'Tli t I e
Mr.n
da-
clireil twice in the Heise of Commons, and, as we learn
from a Morning paper, also in the Court of King'it Benrh,
thitt he will not, be a Member of any AdMinisitration that
b.'„ ay be termed. According to that paper,. the Hon. and
Learned' Gentleman stated that ',the representation - rat
Yorkshire wee the only place he would have.' A coup's.
pendent of our own says, • Air. Brotighato said in the
counsel room yesterday, that he should take no office
whatever; that when lie was returned for Yorkshire, he
made his election hetween'pewer and the service of the
people.' His constituents will learn with great satisfaction
the estimate he sets on the honour of their repreeentation.
And, indeed, Mr. Brougham already stands in 'the prond•
fat situation to which a Commoner ca. aspire.
guitillitt as he has been soo rematitithly by the choice of the
°first 'county of England, and endowed as he is Witit 'such
unrivalled powers of doing service, to hit country by tie.
vi'iull cue) promoting the most important reform, he wilt,
' in our opinion, be storeorreftil sod more illustrious hiving
.I!.e.ieetbd the eralninels of office, and will here,greater is

Sir J. MACKINTOSH said he did not rise to vindi-
cote, or even explain the conduct of the Noble Lard who
had 'just been made the subject of attack, in fact,
(ruin the manner and spirit in which that attack
was made, it warn not entitled to an explanation,
The Noble Lord had long been known in that House, hie
services bad long been known and appreciated, he therefore
did not rite to vindicate him from the attack, but he could
no longer remain silent, he could not help giving vent to his
feelings on hearing a speech the most extraordinary that
was ever delivered in that House of Parliament. Never,
he Would repeat, had there been such a speech since
that body existed.—(Hear, hear.) The Honourable
Gentleman had said that his Noble Friend's declaration
might be expleineti now or hereafter. He could assure
him.that another opportunity would offer, and, therefore,
there was no oecasion for him then to attempt it.—
(Cheers.) The Hon. Gentleman, at the clam of almost
every sentence, had said a time might come, but he knew
that at the present moment it was impossible that an ex-
planation could be entered into, as none of the Noble Lord'.
colleagues, who alone could give the explanation, were pre-
went. Why, then, he would ask the Hon. Gentleman
did he take that opportunity to attack the character
' of the Noble Lord who had been called to fill the highest
office unilert he Crown.—(Hear.) He f Sir James Mackin-
tosh), was at a lola to know of what the explanation could
consist. Was any Member prepared to call for the negecie.
thins between the Crown anti the formation of the present ,
Administration ?...(Hear, bear.) He must again repeat,
that it was a most unprecedented attack; for whatever
might have been the declarations of the Noble Lord, one
week might so have altered circunistanees as to In-
duce. him to accept an office to which he was so
well qualified, but which he had • never intended to ao-
zept, and he had no doubt * full explanation would he
given. The words which the lion. Gentleman bad quoted
as those which had been used in that House by his Noble
and Learned Friend, were not according to his recollect
ties-..were not, as heabould be reedy lo swear Oiled
upon to swear, to the brat of hit recollection-.the words
which,had fallen from his Noble and Lauver Friend 'en
the occasion alluded to. He was not called neorvio,etete
-wherein the elifferenei between'him and the on. Gentle-
man, on this point, consisted; hut the very feet of the
difference existing at all demonstrated the wisdom of that
rule of the House which forbade the expressions used by
an Hon. Member in one debate to be quoted against him
in another debate ; and this was one of the many irre-
gularities into which the Hon. Gentleman had been led
that evening. He said many irregularities, which was
a ,very mild expression; to call the Hon. Gentleman's
speech a disorderly speech would be saying very little,
for it was a congeries of offences against the rules
and orders of the Parliament. Not contented with
his own breaches of order, the Hon. Gentleman had
quoted .an anonymous Yorkshire newspaper, in which the
words of a Member of that House were set clown and
commented upon ; and in which there was related, on the
authority of some prying person., the gossip of the robing
room,—which the correspouderit of the anonymnue York-
shire editor called the " counsel-room.”--butiellich was,
in fact, the place where gentlemen of the bar put on end
put off their wigs anti gowns..-.(Hear, and laughter.)--
He was the last man, be trusted, in that House to narrow
liberty of this nature out of doors I but it did appear to
be improper, in the highest degree, to quote within the
walls of that House, such an authority, fur the unworthy
II purpose of injuring the character of the Lord High
Chancellor of gngland.—(Cheers.)—Sueli conduct he '
would not attempt to characterize as it deserved ; but
this be would say of it,—namely, that he believed it was
unparalleled by any man who had ever thought himself
obliged to go into the hottest, the most violent, awl the
most uncompromising oppowition.—(Cheere.)--One other
observation, and he had done. 114 begged, that in consi-
dering this subject, lion. Members would recollect the day
which the lion. Gentleman had clunen fur *hi* insidious,
this iudefeusible, and this—as the Hon. Gentleman ad-
mitted it might turn out to he—unfounded attack. It was
the day on which his Noble and Learned friend, vested
with the highest judicial functions of the realm, had en-
tered' upon the adminietration of justice and the 'exercise
of the Important duties which had &indeed upon
(Hear, hear, )--The How. Gentleman' admitted that die
obeervatione he hail mede were calculated to injure and to
degrade the el:winner of the :Lard Chenneiler in the eyes

of-the people, Indere, a certain ex lunation were given ;
and that explanation the 'lnn. lieOtlenun well 4n**"uld
be given only by particular persons, who for some shoe to
come could not by possibility make, their appearance in
that Hoose.—(Cheers.)
Mr. CHOKItiI, inc very low tone, said, as we under.
stood him, that he did not depend upon hie own recollec.
lion for the words which the Noble and Learned Lord had
used on the occasion to which lte,had referred ; but that,
.
baring consulted those, channels by winch it wee well
known that the proceedings of that House were commitnieeted to the, public,' be 'hefi' found that the manner in
Which dim different channels had reported the words of
the Noble and Learned Lord very nearly eorrespontleml.
Lord L. c,40w0 had come to the House quite
ignorent that any Member would take ,that opportunity
of alluding to the Noble- Lord's declaration ; hot if it had
not been alluded to, he certainly hianailf intended to hare
introduced the subject. He thought it a duty he owed to
the.Noblimindividual himself, as well as a duty he owed
'the public, that nosy ;the Noble Lord had quitted that.
House for a high miituation, he should all upon him
for en explanation of hie declaration. He had had
the fortune -to be en Auditor of the two declaration, which
' the Noble and Learned Lori had made with regard to the
new Administration, And if he had inialindelnannti rholir
deriarations, he could only attribute it to.thok Ohluotuose
which the Noble and Leerned Lord, while whiernber of that
Howie, was accustomed to attribute to ettehMembert of

the llause as happened tp differ fronthim., Viet Noble
And Learned Lard used to tell the rountry gentlemen and
other Members of, that. House, that they wield hardly
count ten upon their Angers and that he looked upon
them as little better than dolt* And blockheads. Now, he
.bad not the vanity.,—the presumption-4o *oppose himittlf
excluded trout the list of dolts and blockhead* ; end be at
tributed it to the fart of his boiog such a Peron that he
had, se a plait Man, misunderstood thu Noble awl Learneil
lot d'a declarations. If. did believe, he must confess, that
when the Noble mid Learned Lord irtede those declaration',
no man vould more distinctly cud explicitly Wee ital.
meted thSt he had altogether sacrificed office; and, with
this belief, be conld not 'debt), informing the Noble end
Leaned Lord by this, the only pecans in his power, ul
whet iuterrodation he Ina rot upon lh* 'fordo of the

Noble anti Leaned Lord. Hs did not demand any explae
nation ; but at the same time his thotight it, rights to atote.
AA in his °Pinion, the mostoserioue ettriterlite4rei would
result if no explenation were . amour which' wrist-
quenoet this certainly would be oneo-onarnely,tletriment
to the character of *greet public trofficer.
Lord MORPETII said thato ootwitluotaudiogMil- the ex-
, preesiouto that had been med., toe otoesotwithetateling ell
that had been attributed in the Newspapers, to hie, Noble
' Need, he had never gene co far as teserlie eistildri be
mad if lie took oillce.-e-( Cheer* kora ail'portei tittle Heber. )
And yet, after touch a deciarittion. load been mule by-lt Noble
Duke, that Noble Duke took &fiat, 'and_actuallybsd the
confidence end support of the Noble gird who had jute
spoken. —(Loud cheers end cries. of 14 hear, from ail
porta of the, Flown.) • .
.Ir. DIINCOMBE felt the greatest disappointment_ that
after the Noble Lord had beats *rioted to fill the highpoit
,of repreitetttatiee for YotlethirM he should eo mon have
deserted that poet which be .doicribtel on the buttirige ee-ot
pinrotele of glory too high fie., hint to ' talk skin from.
Ile. was Confident that in -Yoriteloire the greetwat regret
would be felt, and the Noble Lerd ought to .ca-
ptain hie reason'. When lie made the olealaration
that he would never accept (Alm it mowed the most lively
joy ; but the disappointment . diet • mutt be experienced
from the proceedings of yesterdsy:would mid a ghoul over
the country. It must he thought that the. pietist*
he gave were never meant to be realised. --(Hear, hear.)..-
He (Mr; Duneowileo), regretted that the Noble Lord should
have snowed himself. to ke sedeced.-o(Loughlow.)o-oille
transcendeot **lento were wanted: in that plea t° reerlie
the people Irorn fluid titreldom on which be used ;so tole-
eueutly to expatiate. , But lie ,Wsti, haw genie to 40-
othrr , place....-(Leughtelo)ieedie (Mr.. Deuconthe)- knew
nothing of Cabinet secrets, list lie tiormsitt iturat notion
much to warts the ,Noble Lord whether would not have
been better for hint to hoe redeemed-the pronti***.. he had
wide to his constituent..? aol die elope soe,lte might then
have retired: to another plectodistinguiebed lry whet KiAgs
could not bestow. non Princes .take we, the esteem and
gratitude of his felinwoconottryitenii,.kClitet4.)
Sit H. lI,AUDINGO 'should not hert..3lsitio* #or
present discussion, had , it not bees belt' alto router
thrown oat by the Noble Lard opposite; whir Brad, traten
an irodeceut ropportunllT to _feettbfehe' Nokia ,Duhe ot the
heed of the lote Adiuinistratien...4 hear.) lle, however)
otould 1011,11toNelble.,Loed,,thet, eotwithatesellos liteneers.
the Duke of Wellingtmoo le the opinion of 'l44.lsoneetteed
enlightened men, "mould be Ootitied to .the.,:smititerloo oof f,llllll*
his country, If any thing were avulsing AO 14Vel this
he would ellude to the greet measure: of Catholic Wier,
and public opinion would one day or other do hints. jostle*.
He urea 10411 who. WWI. While other*. !Oohed 0ar,4.. and •
koomooor Henry with greot warmth) ::tared little too the
sneer* of lorillings.--(Loud cries of order from ell.perte
of the. Howe./
Sir IL HAIIDINGE moot acknowledge he spoke with
too much warmth, lout he roust ;lain say that the Duke
lead deserved well of his country, and its grotitorle would
not he withheld from hint.
Mr. fiIACAIAEY odds-cooed the House, but, front the
confusluo which prevailed, the first few sentences of hie
'peed* were not heard in the gallery. He agreed in Jamey
measures of the Noble Duke's Adminivtration. The coma-
try also, he was rrsoaderi., eoineided in the justness .of
many of them.' The Vetholic question *ad been meet
happily lormight to a terutieetion, which a little more thin
a ygitr end a hell* ago, throetened greet danger to tlieisonn.
try. This sooa hid the Noble Duke effected. WhiCh tour
of his predecessors had been able to accomplish.-,.(Hear. )
—The country under his Admiuittration hail been spired
the misery of a pied war. , But it woonow complained
that too precipitate a courts bad been adopted with respect
to the formation of a new Ministry. At a time when the
country was in a stete of agitation—at a time when the
property °fee maw Torten* in particular dietricts wes has
jeopanly--etatime whrtt party feeling ran strung reepect-
negocietions—e. few dole dairy was • even
of impertionce,--(Heor.)--110. believed the emotion oldie
Noble Lard, that the late Sepretery for looland„ had come
down to that House without lotving the r leo* that
such a discussion as this would hey,. COMO,' on. also
wee perfectly satisfied, that the Gallant °Meer would aot
hews entered into the disciosione hod it nott.been for 1110
observation of his Noble Friend near bin). . Rut, .be would
ask, wee the present moment Al' proper OM for
sock a
,discnoeion ?-4/lettr.)eelle- had no,. political
alliance with the . ettil Learned ~ Lord. iii
the other House of Parlisrneet, but . he. mold not.
as a :.Member of , the. Howie of conottoolk sit and hear
without making tome remark*, the. 'mob irf• the Bight
Gentlamon opposite, who commenced the diviuswion
'of that evening, and who now was stated on the very
!Hitch' from which the Noble and Learned Lord WAS accus-
tomed to address the House. He (Mr. Mareeity) would
put it to the pod (genes of the Right tion,,,Oentlernan
Whether this was a time to make. such an ,attack
-4(fliter)vorlien no lint-but yet the moose of...knotwint •
the iiircumitanees precisely whit* bad ,
Noble and 'Learned Lordoowlien Oaa opporimultr, bad been
afforded to that Noble Learned Lord to. OeManotticote
with his frileods, who war* ',Mem** she How* tor
Commons ? 'fled the Noldi and Learned 1.0.01 hisses still
a Member of that !louse. the, }light ,lions.;Gentiotroaro
would as soon have burnt hie Milne es made the attack.---
(Cries of Order, order,o)e-Ile logo 4 to eey cheat Ito ahaul
not mean to convey any thing , of at personal nature, tour
that any thing like personal firer influenced the slight Hon.
and errier.)r-lt was nut by, mean*
of personal intimidatioo that Hun, Members were *frith' if
the Noble and Leorned Lord now in the tipper House of
l'erliament--(1100—but they dreaded his cutting ear-
moot. Had such attecks been matte upon him as the
House wittorsoaol to-eight, when be was one of its Mem-
bars, he would have exercised his eloquence aced mount
to the discomfiture of the perty making them. ,Wee this
the peried, he (Mr. Macaulay) would again ask& . when
sue li attache ought to be brought forward
Lied illonvETll explained.
Mr. Cltof(itil, in explanatioe, said he had never shrenk
from the sarcasms of the' Hight lion, Gentleman when he
was a Metnrber of that House-4,llmor)—mul it had ones
happened that he ,was oppatiod to hint with inure wortoth
'of discussion 'thee be hail ever been engaged in with ony
person in the world
Lord L. GOWltil, said a few words in explanation.
Mr. L.' WELLESLEY had always oppoeed the Athol-
nietretion of the Duke of Wellitootononot beceuse he was
a relation (Laughter)—but on public grounds. lint he
must say, that the error► the fluke had eonnititted did not
arise from himself, but front those who surrounded
A Airlines., whose totem we timid not hoer, bed: no
doubt that the greatest delight would be experienced
lay all daises of Yorkehiremen, when tLey heard that
the principles which reeommended this Noble Lord to their
notice, hod also recommended him to the notice of the
Crown.—(Cheete.)
The discuosiou was here dropped. and a crew Writ or-
Jared fur the county of York and borough of Knereirbo-
rough, in the eixon of li. Dronithatn; VotOo who lied. 4th*
cepted the office of toro !high Chancellor.
A' new Writ was ordered for 'lrelstoo, in the moo of
Admiral l'eicity, who heti accepted thf.liet#o one of
the Lords of the
liever4l retinas oast negro slavery tem* prosiroted
front' different, •
1~ .Ave; ov An$ENcE,
Mr, EOER'I'ON Moved for leave 'of obeenee for a Mem-
tier, on the ground of divers urgent amid itePoot toot
Mr* lIVAIE 4013141 Ohjoct, nnless a soilßeient resume
sljeged. I f these applications were attended to, publir.r
'Wiriness could not lei attended to. Ile therefore ihoold di•
vide on the aribject,
Strangers were ;ben ordered to withdrew, het before the
Gallery was eletred.
' Mr. lII7Mg would nett the Smoker *het salts a teiguient
excuse?
The ,BPEKKEtt. said, illness of the lioo. MeAllnir or
„
his femily, or the, riistorbed Slats ofthusdoortet its 'Witch
he resided. '
Mr. HUME: wroild wiek to eel; flee reason in this vitae.
Mr. EGERTON-4t `is ri:Till
Him. Member ie'ri‘out its intatatai4,--(Gta*tiouihtar,)
The SPEAKER SW. pat thewhichwas
tonanimouely'agreod to 'maid pinch Cheri ins,
Mr. LIYNO iweeenteolo petition hien the inhebitonts of
the pariah of St,' (lentil, 0.410 faire repeal if the 111r-
troliOlitatt POPO Act ; *nd a assailer Petition front' the iu-
hohitatats of the parish of Ail fitinto, Poplar.
Mr, 111,ThrE salil that he had been' requested to top-
port the.prafe[nf the petition front the
,pariahs of St.
George, audio mita that the inhabitints' cheat itiftish
complained bitterlopLtlooexpeosor o'tha osepVtis, The
Previous charge to that par elo tor the'praliCe was about
106091,, end it, was now neatly ,b,POOL,
110111.08!011111 preaenteCo petitiort front a
plooo jit Devonshire, satiiasi the dutyy on ati,berrie enecoals,stAEl, ' •

Lord 41ORPIrr/I pteltptell 4 paitioll from the town
yf Lreds;'preiiiii for the' abolition of Nigro Navarre, Tile
petition was intord try thin Mayors t 4, cid *loco di
of filtrtu-th.t.pad of the 'principal ioliabitiniti 'l4 itcery
branch of booluein, and ofireri'deriornii:iation ill 044 i Po-
town. Tlif Noble Loril 'ti word, Mutt
we hail uoW M 066o.nment winch ',ivokild look lb% initiort-
aht iinteiiini Bier, I r (Utti Moi vvitslieter.
Idiot it vionW disoqui4bo4. ,44 ..1644:1041"trF
, '2 ' ; it,..44,444v, 4 •

sound, Itaiutatyomd meful Reform, and retrenchnseett,
and that abroad its conduct would he described by the
. *single word ',peace." He also confidently hoped that the
preterit Government would excite a proper vigilance and
Adopt edit:lent measures for putting down the disturb.
emcee in the country ; at the matte time he thought the
loci gentry and yeomanry in threw districts had a duty to
lioicharge, and a part to perform, as well as Government.
...(Beer, bear.)
Mr. LABOUCHERE concurred with the Noble Lnrd
in thinking that it was the duty of hie Majesty's Govern-
talent to look this imporntnt question in the Paco --a Ants-
lion which involved the happiness and well-being of eight
hundred thouoand of our fellow-ereaturee.
Mr. KEITH DOUGLAS :supported the prayer of the
• petition. He had that day attended 'a large meeting of
West•lndia proprietors, anti the general sense of the per.
sons prevent wee, that the whole subject should be brought
. fairly before the country in all its relations.
Itlr. BETHEL!. thought that few petitions ever pre.
rented to that House were mote deserving of time fullest
consideration, with respect to the subject of it, and -to
those fro,:n whom it emanated. lie trusted that the whole
state br the Colonies would be fully gone into.
Masora, under the gallery, whose name we could
not leer*, maintained thatthe condition of the negro slaves
was prefereble to that of the peasantry oithe United King.
dart. •

General GASCOYNE said, that the Noble Lord who
had presented the petition had not confined hientelf to the
shwa trade, or to the tradition of slaves, hut hail gone
into the whole Christian policy. There was one • subject
upon which he (General Gesooyne) would take the pre.
sent opportunity of expreeting himself. Ile alluded to
reform, and he would now say, thet to any system of taste
derate reform he should not make may objection.
Mr. EVANS thought 'that it would be a miserable ex-
pedrot to postpone a aorthierenit 'of the subject. Stilli•
went dependence lout alreedy been placed upon the proles.
Mess of the Colonial Legislatures with respect tnpreparing
the slave population for free.labeov.
Mr. BERNAL said, that this of : all others was a redoes.,
tion which should be looked upon with the eye of a states,
man, and not with that of an entlineia,t or. partiam. His
being a West Indic proprietor should never deter him front
expresaini himself with strength and coortige in I Itfiltiv of
the just oghts of the owners of property in the colonies.
Thu natureaf that property hail' beest recognised front the
roost ancient "solaces; and had been clotheti With every
thing Inld sacred in'the eyes of all England.
Mr. lllllSCOE.—.sfr.'Chairman-.-(A laughs and cries
of'erder.)
Mr, BERNAL.proceeded,—He bad sever countenanced
• any one alone with respect to the negroes, and he was far
from wishing the question to be 'postponed.. It must lie
brought forward in one shape or the other, crud all he de-
manded was a fair and deliberate inquiry, and that the sic.
tual State of the colonies should be ainsidered temperately
and on the basis of justice.
Mr. BRISCOE considered that to tolerate slavery was a
• crime, and a stain upon the English' distracter. He had
heard it contended that tin slave' was in better condition
than the English peasant; but let those who were of that '
opinion put its trivh to' the net by proposing to any body
of English peasantry, however bad their condition, to
become the property of a triesteri to be urged to labour
by the lash, and to be sold attgoode and antie', and torn,
at the will of his owner, from his wife and family. There
was no English peasant that would not apart melt a
• proposal.
'Mr. O'CONNELL said, that the whole country was
against the continuance of, a system of slavery, and those
who bad a personal interest in the question ought to ab-
stain from the discussion, or at least to express themselves
temperately. He belonged- to e' part of the empire of
which the peasantry were in a worse eonditition than of
any other, and yet he would say that the most degraded
and wretched of the whole would spurn the offer of ex,»
changing his situation with that of a uegro slave.
Mr. !linseed, explained.
Mr. RUTH YEN thought, that however degraded were
the poor of this country, they were not so badly oil' as the
African slaves. If they were, it doubly behoved the
House to inquire into their condition, and to afford them
some redrew.
Lord AIORPETII said, that with respect to the asser.'
• tion that the Warta in the colonieawere better' off than
the peasantry of England, it• Was one with which he could
not tanulesomul to parley.
• Mr, BRISCOE wished to know whether the greet
body. of the West India proprietor* would enter sincerely
onto the merits of the quettion of the abolition of elavey.;
No answer was snide to the Hou. Member's qoeition,
end the peal hoe we. Centered, to neon the talc e, and en'
leeptiottiel. ' r • •
Mr. MOORE obtained leave to bring le a 11111,to amend
the Act 8$ Geo. 111. for the administration of assets, in
cases where the executor, to whom probele has been
granted, was out of the reillni; and also, the Act blt
Geo. hlr., firs extending to Ireland certaiji previsions of
the said Act.

ADJOIIRIOUNT OF THIS HOUSE.
Mr. S. RICE moved that the Ifouee et its rising do
*tom till Thursday next. The proposition would not
'be attended with any `inconvenience if agreed to, as there
was no order on the paper for Wednesday, except the Colo-
nist; Trade ]Oil. He therefore thought It would be better
in the absence of Ministers to adjourn over that day Cal
Thursday, for which day three ballots for Election Coro-
mittees stood fixed. No doubt there Were teasuns why a
longer adjournment might be wished tor'; but, however
convenient this would be to Government, he admitted that
it must be attended with dleadvitutige to parties in rids-
don to whom the House had to act hi capacity.
Sir M. W. 'RIDLEY said thorn must he 190 Mteribeti
present an Thursday, in order to' constitute a House, to,
proceed with the three bellote fixed for that day. It' a
surnistnt number did not attend, the House must adjourn
de die in diense—it cireutnstance that would 'be highly
lyronvenient in the present state of the country, and et a
time when the presence of gentlemen was so necessary in
their respective counties. This woitld he prevented in a
considerable degree by the sitting of that House. He re-
petted that the House had decided on proceeding with
the Election Committees, which he thought would proie
ineouvenlent to' individuals, and detrimental to the public
ii I West.
Mr. S. WORTLEY was opposed to a postponement
of the Election Committees, with !reference to the appoint..
Mane of which arrangements had been made by %ndows
parties who would be greatly inconvenienced by any tle-.
future from the understanding that existed' On the sub-
just. After all that had occurred, the House wits bouod
in honour to proeeed • with the election petitions, if the
requisite number of Members could be procured ; and be
thought if that could not he effected in any other way,
that there should he a c ill of the House.
Sir x. WAHEENDES objected to the postponing 'of
Election ComMittees, and observed, that by a late Act of-
Parliament a hundred Members were sodficient for a haat.
Sir M. W. IIIDLEY said, that by the last 'Act Iso
Members were required for three ballots, 120 for two, and
/00 fur a single committee. On Thurs4ay there wire
three committees to be balloted for.
An HON. Meanies, expreesed his opinion that it would
be groat injustice" to thc, poke interested if the House
were to adroit's.' over the clays fixed fin' ballots on tlection
Petitions. There ought to be an understanding that upon
these days the House, shoold, coofine itself, as far as pea
aible, to the huaineee Of the Election Committe4 and that
tuithing should he done far the purpreie of annoying 'Mi.
Liege's in the ebeenee 'of several principal Members of the
Government...4lw.)
Mr. S. RICE said It was prOposed tn-adjourn over till
Thursday from that day till the lollowitig 'Tuesday; then
till Thursday; and, subsequently, till inch further period
as might he necessary in order to allow of the Mtuthere of
the Administration taking their state.
Sir R. PEEL said there 'would be so 'Minds. inconve-
nience in attempting to discuss important nitoomeos he the
abeeeest of Ministers, that he for one chew fully eel-it:urged
in the propriety of the proposed arrangement. He,. thought
it right that the House should meet nu the dap fixed for
the Appointment of eleetlou committee.: Ilia they teid de.
dared their intention, tiod it Wee their duty, to do. At the
UM time he was sure there existed at great a disposition
as possible to suit the couvenienCteof 4tintiqnlen ur the
Treasury aide,of the Howie, by postponing diectoanou upon
mature of public interest until the new Ministersalicield be
thelfouste.
The motion for the •adjournmento the Heim t till T hu
thy *rite
Ilir. 'W
peril
to
LICS' retired for ,retnisits connected with the
churish4ates art Et glend anti Wales.
Mr. G. LAME reapteeted the Idon.'Menther to postpone
hie mistiontsutil he (Mr. Lamb) should bad an tp-
portuniti.o inquiring. whether it was poteible to furnish
oolong of all the km*.
Mr. Wii.ES consented to pottpoue the motion till
Thursday.
Mrs 0..141101 moved, its the absence of the Member
fist Weressetere for a;return of cases 6111:Tonle, and assaults
triad at thittoartor wisdom of Eeglend and Wee; owe-
thee with enitecount of the Otter Allowed and the artionnt
charged upon'the county ratete—Ordered.
WAViol: AND M HA NS.
Sir A. f'rH.dera`T trot Ips rip the 'report of the Committee
of Ways and Matta,'
4toftiti. rtiend oppoalte, whoa.* it
vim dip iittatia v 'iiii*vto to Ail up tin vhoitcy tia the

place of Lieutenant-General of the Ordnance ? He said
that the Master-General of the Ordnance had been ap-
pointed. Probably his Hon. Friend could inform him
whether the other office wee to be fied up.
Mr. S. 'RICE,' wtto spite in a One df Voice scarcely
above a witiwptor, understood to titply, that he could
not toulertake to say Whirther olt° hot the office of Master-
General of the Otatiattras had been finally arranged; and
that, as far as he knew, there was no interAidn of filling
up the !dace of Lieutenant-General of tile Ordnance.
NEW WitITS.

An Hon. Methere, whose name we could not learn,
moved that It new writ be issued for a Member toierve Par-
liament fur the city of Nortirich, ir. tI Kenn of the Right
lion. Robert Grant, who, shrive his election, bad accepted
the office of judge. Athteirte-General.---Ordered.
A new writ it also Moved fora Member to serve hi
Parliament for the borough of Knareshorough, iS th room
of thu Ili& lion. Sir James Macint4, +ho, since his
election, had accepted the Aft of one of the Commie-
sinners of the Boatela Untrol for the affairs of India.
t & Ma, llUMpressed a hope that the pier/int Ministry
would inVestigate the extravagant et tense of the Board,
of. which, however, he (weltered the. Right Hon. Gen-
tleman who hail been Mimed, well qualified to act.
A new writ Warr also moved for a Member to serve in
Nate:tent for Nottingham, in the room of 'Monies Den-
Man, Esq., who, since his &nicely lied accepted the of-
lice of Attorney-Gerierrd.
Leave of ebsenec Was granted to several Members, on
on account of the existing disturbances.
.4r. J. BROWN preformed a petition from a parish in
the county of Down, aganst Negro Slavery.
Petitions to the tame effect were presented by Mr. Ere,
RAND, hum earnarvonshire ; by Mr. LAitoutatikult,
from the borough of Taunton ; and by Mr. Woon,
from Preston.

The Marquis of WOACESTER presented a petition
from )rfonntouthsitire, for the repeal of the Ilona anti win.
dew tett.

4ir.• WYSE presented a peed:lon from certain of the la-
hewing classes in the eatinty of Tipperary, praying for as.
Bistance and employment.
Mss VAL[.AG%IAN presented a petition from the
Qualora of Cork, in, favour of thu abolition of Slavery.
Mr. ,1004sToN, presented a petition of a similar na-
ture, as we understood, from Inverkeithing.
Mr. ATIWOOI) moved for a return of the athbunt of
monies paid to the creditors of the Nabob of the Carnatic,
and the balance remaining in the hands of the East India
Company, Also a return of the amount of duty levied on
corn imported from foreign countries, distinguiihing the
places from whence imported, &c , from the Bth of July,
1829, to the present period.—Ordered,
Mr. S. RICE presented, on behalf of his Learned
Fiend, Sir J. Alackintosh, petitions from Tralee, and tain
other places in the county of Kerry, in favour of the oho-
'Woo of Negro Slavery,

Adjourned at a Wirier L* re Seven to Thursday,

THE MONEY-MARKET.

(From the rtnies.)

The Funds. experienced a further rise this morning
(Tuesday) soon after the commencement of business, and
htttertene was given to public confidence, in conse-
quence of the declarations made lan night in the House
of Lords, on the policy intended to be pursued by the
new Aihniniatration. This proved, however, but of a
,temporary efreetas the accounts received this morning
of new disturbances in various parts of the country were
deemed, whether justly or ant, of so formidable a nature
as to cause great and, general alarm. Some of these ac-
counts acquired perhaps a more aethenth: character from
their having been,communicated on the Exchange by re-
apeutable merchants in the City who were personally ex-
pored to the outrao, they described, and with great diffi-
culty mitred without injury. The scene of them, so far
as they have been mentioned here, was chiefly at Hunger-
ford and Newbury, and ether places on the Bath road.—
It has struck every • one as a new feature of the present
unheppy diqurbances, that travellers by stage-coaches as
well as by private carriages have been attacked by a to-
multuous mob, in broad day, and in the midst of a
populous market town,, without any interference on the
Part of the inbehitantei or protection from a force, civil or
military, of any desseription.
That highest price Consols reached to-day was Sal, and
the decline afterwards was to S 2, when a trifling re-action
occurred, and thecloaing quotation was 84 buyers. Et-
chequer Bilk are sternly at yesterday's .prices.
In ,the Foreign Market there has occurred a rise in
Cartes Bonds, to which some mystery appeared to attach,
aa .4_44 advice.' • from the Spanish. frontier now coin-
cide in stating the failure. of all the partite of the Consti-
tutionalists from whatever quarter they have entered the
Peninsula. But it now appears that a new speculation in
the Bonds has commenced, on an expectation, respecting
which no decisive opinion can yet be hazarded, that Verdi-
nand will be induced voluntarily to acknowledge the debt
contracted under the Cortes. The grounds of. this ex-
pectation may be however, in part collected from an arti-
cle published in Le Globe, Paris paper, of Sunday, in
which a most extraordinary charge is brought aeainst M.
Lathe, the French Minister, and M. Aguado, the banker
in Paris far the Spanish Government, who are said to have
olitained this concession from Ferdinand, on a promise
that the French Government should, on its part, use all:the
means in its power to frustrate the efforts of the Cowl-
tional party to bring about a revolution in Spain. M.
Witte, it will be recollected, was the contractor for the
first loan entered into for the Government of the Cortes.
As the whole article referred to is very curious, and mint
lead to some investigation; we here annex a translation of it :
" 1n our paper of the 15th wo asked if it was trues that the
persecution which the Spanish refugees have encountered was
less the eflivt of that humble deference eiinced by our Cabinet
for all foreign t3overonients, than the condition imposed of a
financial operation long ago proposed by Spain, in favour of
which the President of the Council is said to be a zealous par-
tisan, Although our opinion on the subject had been formed, '
we had thought proper to otter it in the doubtful form of a ques-
tion, which question has remained, of course, unanswered. A
journal which cannot surely be accused of opposition either to
the system sir Individuals, revives to-day our assertion, not In its '
equivocal shape, but as an undoubted fact, amid uses the epithet
of • Spanish,' in designating intrigues which are surely half
French, This is not all : truth can no longer escape any one.,
Already the Madrid Gazette of the sth instant has commenced
revealing thmiteiiret...

et It is indent to all who remember the unshaken obstinacy
with which Ferdinand alwayo refreeti to acknowledge the Cortes
Ivan, that motives Of 411 important interest alone could have
inductsi him to consent to such an acknowledgment. The fact
it, that, a bargain has been entered into between hitn and our
Government, by winch he engages to Include in the debt of
Spain the Cartes Bonds, en condition that we should deliver his
frontiers from the prt!sence of the Constitutionahata,
1. We shall now remline our inquiries, and ask by what right
the Frelleit Government would take upon itself to stipulate for
an the builders of the Cortes Bonds, and regulate the terms of
their atimietion into the new Spanish fund t HOW could :it. La-
' Otte, Who, his capacity of banker to the Constitutional Govern.
inent, sold those bombe in the market at the •priee of 70 and 80,
now, in his capacity of Prime rilitlister, compel the buyers to
submit to a loss of more than 511 per mu 1. Ilow can he, by
being a party to such a bargain, think of restoring life to the in
famous Government, of the Camarilla, end expose the small
French capitalists to the snares of the finatiewrs who are its
'worthy purveyors Y.
.‘ is be not aware that for a long time the Court of Spain has
had no other reventitta but those which were derived front the
et ethility of the Parisiens, whew the prospect of a high rate of
interest has brought to the brink .of bankruptcy Y Is it wise or
prudent (net to deviate front 4 politicsl stew of the matter)
thus to Wilson 7111 I'niTlCO3 111 order to terve the interests of a
Government from which we have nothing to expect but deCeit,
or an I 11411tiguisakillatred Y What! in order to ensure the sue.
emir of a miserable financial °porgies), you consent to punish as
rclal3 and traitors the high-mintled Men w !to have devoted them.
seises to the cause of their country's liberation Y' Is it for this
that you violate proreillel, and snake of France an inhospitable'
land; (hat, whil,t the enemy from ilelgium, which was formerly
one ot our prOVineee, speaks-with • (lira y. and energy to the re.,
preeentatives of the 1 ]Might Powers, Vranets, the great and glorious
Frauee, Ia to humiliate howl!' heibre a miserable cottrt at monks
hod favouritea Y What ! for the purpose of concluding a take.
table bargain, you (it iceilitto the' bends of the executioner all
hairs brave patriots who, from the heart of Spain, had answered
.tlie call of their Metbre» and wore preparing. to asd the cacti'.
-lion of their tiesignsi H,ave you nor Just heard that three heads
'have tawy rolled on the pinch of exeention al Pampclurta ?'- Do.
,hut you know that throughout tint Peninsula the prisons are
rival, and the gibbets raised ?—that no hope of escape is left! to
the iinfortuilate men whose connexions are known or eVen .1114-
pected ; ,artattfutt Spaniards' recoll.with horror and despair at the
thoughts of abandoning their, brothers and friends who are
doomed to Anal.?
Such, then, is the bash on width your mucluextolled opera-
. ration rests.-the •vielatiett .of duty and the most sacred righte,
the humiliation of Prartett, and the dilution of 'innocent blood."

•
The lit raven in tortes Bonds Croon this new see-
cuhtiott was aot netterial, and prices rather gave way
ttgsio gear the close of business.
(Vivre the llittruitty Herald.)

► far ae we can,collect public opinion, the expiate' of
the Premier with regard to the policy of the new Cabinet
appears to give general satisfaction. r Men of property, ge-,
uerally %leaking, are decidedly in favour of the moderate
views of Earl Grey on the subject of reform. Many well-
informed and ;,respectable pereone of the Ultra-Liberal
school think that his Lordship has not gone far enough.
It should he recollected, however, that he prefeetes to be
willing to go as far as will be consistent with the preserva-
tion of the Constitution, and we should think there are
few who would wish to go father. But the question is,
what is the Conatitution ?

(Prom the Morning Chronicle.)
The dealers began to purchase largely to-6y (Titestley)
in consequence of the speech delivered by Lord Grey last
night in the House of Peers. The prices soon after the
commencement of business advanced nearly t per cent.° on
what they left off yesterday. Speculation was► however,
somewhat checked by the tenor of the accounts from► to
country, and the beer approach of disturbances to :the
Metropolis: Ifurigerford, and even sit
~r-
kir►sr the rioter. were at WOtii, At the Jitter pl*ei I

violent scuffle appeirs to have taken place: this intelli-
genet, had a considerable effect in the afternoon, coupl d
with that obtainett from Holland. ConsoPa for Thursday
which had been sold in the morning at. 83, fell to 83,
and all other Stocks in nearlY the same proportion. This
Was this 'resift of a violent struggle between each party,
the B,& being ultimately defeated with a loss of per
cent. At the close of the inarkat there was a rally of
per cent. on the purchase of one tit. ewo Bear Accounts.
There is nitwit sOeetlation on the subject of the financial
arrangetsents of Government. In what manner the defi-
ciency arising from
.a reduction of taxation will be supplied
is a general inquiry both in and out of the Stock Market.
The idea of a total suspention of the intithases of the
Commissioners far tht redemption' of the debt gains ground.
The reptt in the city is, that taxes to 'the extent of up.
On.rds of four millions Will be repealed. if so, there mus
he something more done, for the !Sinking Fund will not
afford mtielt more than half this sum.

FROM THE GAZETTE OP LAST NIGHT;

Lord Chamberlain's Office, Nov. .48, 1880.

Notice is hereby his I%l,ljesiy will hold a
Lee at St. James's Palace, on Wednesday, the let De-
cember next, at two o'clock►

At the Coldi at St. James's, the 22d day of Noyember, 1830,

PRESENT,

The King's Most Excellent Majesty in Count:ll..
This day the Mast Noble Charles puke of Riehinond ;
the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle;
John Lott! Durhatt ; George Lord AUckland ; and Henry
Lord Brougham ; the Right Honourable John Charles
Spencer (commonly called Viscount Althorp); George
James Welbore Agar Ellis; John Russell (commonly
calitd Lord John Russell) ; Edward Stanley; Sir Itmes
Graham, Bart. ; George Robert Dawson ; and Charles
Poulett Thomson ; were, by command of his Majesty,
sworn 5f his Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council,
end took their respective places at the Board accordingly.
His Majesty in Council was this day pleased to deliver
the Great Seal to the Right Honourable Henry Lord
Brougham, whereupon the oath of Lord High Chancellor
of Great Britain Is as, by his Majesty's command, admi-
nistertd to Ms Lordship, and his Lordship took his place
at the Board accordingly.
His Majesty in Council war this day pleased to declare
the Most Noble Henry Marquis of Lansdowne Lord Pre-
sident of his Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council,
and his Lordship took his place at the Board aceorilingly.
His Majesty having been pleased to deliver the custody
of the Privy Seal to the Right Honourable John Lord
Durham, the oat► of Keeper of the Privy Seal was this
day administered to him, and his Lordship took his place
at the Board accordingly.
His Majesty having been pleased to appoint the Right
Honourable William Viscount Melbourne; the Right
Honourable Frederick John Viscount Guderich ; and the
Right Honourable Henry John, Viscount Palmerston ; to
be three of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State,
they were this day, by his Majesty's command, sworn
three of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State ac-
cordingly.
His Majesty in Council was this day pleased to declare
Henry Widiani Marquis of Angletea, Knight of the Most
Noble Order of the Garter, Lieutenant. General and Ge-
neral-Governor of that part of the United Kingdom
called Ireland.

His Majesty in Council was this clay pleased to appoint
the Right Honourable George Lord Auckland, and in his
absence the Hight Honourable Charles Ponlett Thomson,
President of the Committee of Council appointed fur the
consideration of .all matters relating to Trade and Foreign
Plantations.

Whiteball, Nov. 22.

The King has been pleased to grant the dignity of
a Baron of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland unto the Bight Honourable Henry Brougham, and
the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten, 'fey the name,
stile, and title of Baron Brougham and Vaux, of Brougham,
in the count)? of Westmorland.

The King has been pleased to direct letters patent to be
passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, constituting and 'appointing
Charles Earl Grey ; the Right 'Honourable John Charles
Spencer (commonly called Viscount Althorp) ; the Right
Honourable George Baron Nugent ; Robert Vernon
Smith, Esq. ; Francis Thornhill Baring, Esq. ; and the
Honourable George Ponsonby ; to lie Commissioners for
executing the offices of Treasurers of the Exchequer of Great
Britain and Lord High Treasurer of Ireland.

The King has also -been pleased to direct letters patent to
be passed under the great Seal of the said United King('o4ll
granting to the Right Honourable John Charles Speer
(commonly called Viscount Althorp), the °facia of Chap.
cellar and Under Treasurer of his Majesty's Treasury.
The King has alio been pleased to direct letters patent
to be passed ender the Great Seal of the said United
Kingdom, constituting and appointing the Right Honour-
able Sir James Robert George Graham, Bart. ; Sir
Thomas Mittman Hardy, Bart. K.C,.8. Rear-Admiral
of the White Squadron of his Majesty's Fleet ; the Ho-
nourable George Ileneage Lawrence Dundas, C.B. Rear-
Admiral of the Blue Squadron of his Majesty's Fleet; Sir
Samuel John Brooke Pechell, Bart. C.IL, Captain in the
Royal Navy; and the lionourable• George Barrington,
Captain in the Royal Navy ; to be his Majesty's Commis-
sioners for executing the office of High Admiral of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the
dondnions, islands, and territories thereunto belonging
