0 fi

_2("*TV-treent

i

Ws\ .
are my vassal !—(Cheering.) Now toore,ore ttvtil
retnadies. One is to withdraw from tiikernisctqlt,,uret.,..•.
tenantry the franchise you have given them. iloti
having given it,—having recognized the justice of
bestowing votes upitin this class, in order to represent
their capital and labour,—you cannot now take it
away. You must therefore protect them. The
Legislature will not give a man a vote—enjoin him
to exercise it freely, and refuse him the means of
doing so.—(Cheers.) You must protect him by
■ the balke.—(Tremendous cheering ) I see no oilier
course.—(Cheers.) • I still wish we could do
wi p-
out it. For myself I want it not,--I hate it,—but
' we have a choice of evils ; ballot is by far the least
of the two, and I am now finally and decidedly in
favour of that mode of voting, as the only mode
• left of securing a real representation of the people.
—(Loud cheers.) I know that the ballot will be
destructive of arbitrary aristocratical power. This
may be dear to many; to me it is hateful.-s-(lrms
inense cheering.) I respect no aristocracy but this
aristocracy of public and private virtue.—(Conti-
nued cheering for some minutes.) The Noble Chair-
man combines these, and he will retain a just influ-
ence.—(Cheers.) Property in the hands of those
who entertain beneficent feelings will shed blessings
all around, but it is a curse when it falls into the gripe
of a selfish, churlish, arbitrary, stately, cold-blooded
aristocrat, who seems to think that his property ex-
ists only for his own solitary gratification, and ima
poses upon him no social and humanizing duties;—
who never enters into communion with the peoplel
as the Noble Chairman has this day done—(Loud
cheers)—but who seems to consider• intercourse
with the people as pollution, and thus remains igno-
rant of or indifferent to their feelings, wants, wishes,
and opinions.—(Tremendous cheering.) Gentles.
men, I am gratified by your indulgence, but I aril
labouring under indisposition, which is pressing
upon me. If I had retained the power, there are
some other points to which I would have adverted,
I can now only touch slightly on one or two. Sup-
posing we can obtain a sufficient and satisfactory
mode of voting, then we should take care that the
people have in future a more prompt and ac ive
check upon the representative. For this object the
duration of Parliaments must be shortened.—(Great
cheering.) Long Parliaments have almost uniformly
been bad Parliaments for the people. Good ones
have as uniformly been short. We have a Govern-
ment anxious to correct all abuses. Let us give
them time. They have upon their hands the cor-
ruptions of ages. We are told that they will re-
form the Church. God knows, never did any inst!•
tution more require it !—(lmmense cheering.) Yet
it is a subject beset with embarrassment. It is easy
to say " Reform the Church !"—it is easier to
say " annihilate the Church and confiscate the
lands !" But Ido not believe that this is the ge-
neral desire. Its insufficiency to minister to its own
purposes, must be corrected. I do not wish to de-
cry the clergy. I have never done so. It would be
unjust. I wish to support the Church, and not to
pull it down.—(Cheers.) There are other matters
of high importance. The tithe system, the reform
of the law, and of various branches of our Govern-
merit, will demand the early attention of the re-
formed Parliament. We are told that Ministers ale
prepared to remove that stigma upon our nation,
colonial slavery.—(Loud cheers.) No doubt they
will—for we can no longer endure it.—(Cheers.)
They will have to reduce or repeal all taxes unduly
pressing upon the comfort or the industry of the
people.—(Cheers.) There is the East India Ques•
tion—the Bank Charter Question—and a variety of
others, demanding immediate consideration. I cannot
enlarge upon them now. We have obtained a
powerful machinery ; let us use it with discretion,
and I doubt not that we shall speedily acquire a
much greater degree of prosperity—of civil and re-
ligious freedom.—(Cheers.) The Right Honourable
Gentleman sat down amidst deafening cheers.
Mr. PELHArit—Gentlemen, I give you " A full,
fair, and free representation of the people."—(Great
applause.)
Mr. HITCHINS replied to Mr. Tennyson on the
subject of the ballot. There was no occasion to go
out of this county for proof of the necessity of the
ballot, when Lord Browillow, the Lord Lieutenant
of the county, has had the effrontery to tell one of
the candidates, that he shall not even ask his
tenantry for their votes. Mr. Hitchins sat down
amid much applause.
The PRESIDENT—I beg to propose to you " the
health of Lord John Russell," with three times
three.—( Drunk with unbounded applause.)
Mr. TENNYSON again rose—The toast I have to
propose to you is, " Mr. Bulwer and the liberty of
the Press."—(Cheers and incessant peals of ap-
plause.) It would be impossible to associate with
the liberty of the press the name of any gentleman
that would have done it more honour than that of
Mr. Bulwer.—(The Right Hon. Gentleman was
most heartily cheered and the toast was drunk with
three times three.)
Mr. NORTHHOUSE being called for from all parts
of the room, said in substance,—My Lord and Gen-
tlemen, you do me great and unmerited honour in
calling upon me to reply to this toast. Giant the
ballot, and where are we ? Will the oppression be
the less, or the retribution the heavier ? In my
opinion exactly the reverse. What is the object of
the ballot ? Is it not merely to prevent the land-
lord knowing what his tenant has done, and must
not the tenant therefore not only do that in a corner,
of which he ought to be proud of doing openly, but
will he not be compelled to put a seal upon his lips
from election to election, and dare not to breathe
those sentiments of liberty with which his bosom
mty swell, almost to bursting ? Away with such a
system ! Why should any Englishman be com-
pelled by law to be a deceiver ? Or why should
he be obliged to take the alternative—if be venture
to speak, be turned out on suspicion ? And then,
where would be the punishment of the oppressor ?
Flow could we of the press reach him ? Would he
not say, " I ejected my tenant not for his vote ; I
knew it not, he voted by ballot; I ejected him
simply because I exercised that right over my pro-
perty which never can be denied in a free country,
viz., of " doing that which I like with my own ?"
(Cheers.) Besides, who can argue that the ballot
is in all or even a majority of cases necessary ? I
abhor some of the arbitrary distinctions the Reform
"Bill enacts which improperly shut out many of the
people, but I say, if you grant the ballot, you must
w►th it grant universal suffrage. _ _

After some further objectiOns, and again thanking
the company for the honour done him, Mr. N. sat
down amid great cheering.
Several other toasts were drunk, after which the
meeting broke up.

A placard, of which the following is a copy,
boa been very generally posted up through the city
" No war with Holland—No r.ew taxes—Reform—Re-
trenchment, and Peace."

TRANSLATIONS.—The last volume of the
uniform edition of BTRON'S works affords a laughable spe-
cimen of the vexations to which they may be exposed
whose writings are deemed worthy of being translated.
The memorable incantation in the first scene of Manfred,
it may be remembered, opens thus :

" When the Moon is on the wave,
And the glow-worm in the grass,
And the Meteor on the grave,
And the wisp on the morass."
last line :—" Hearing in February, IBIS, of a setenaced
The editor (Mr. AlooRs) has the following note on the
version of Manfred, by some Italian, Lord BYRON wrote
to his friend Mr. Horrrma, If you have any means of
communicating with the man, would you permit toe to
convey to him the offer of any price he may obtain, or
think to obtain, for his project, provided he will throw his
translation into the fire, and promise not to undertake any
Y things? I will send him
h otherm money
that,ey iin immediately
anydat
eother n otfh ns
condition.' A negoti ition
was accordingly set on foot (continues the editor), an
the translator, on receiving 200 francs, delivered up his
manuscript. and engaged never to translate any other of
the Poet's works. Of his qualifications for the task some
notion may be formed front the fact, that he had turned
the word wisp' into a bundle of straw "
