SPIRIT OF THE PLII3LIC JOURNALS.

It has been alleged, we see again in the debates,
that the Catholic priesthood in Ireland have an un-
due and most dangerous irteuence over the people of
their communion, admit that it is so; and of
oil the grounds on which we rest the salutary pry
hey of a law for emancipation, the power now exer-
cised by the, Popish church and its ministers is be-
rm' comparison the strongest. It is not many years
the priests of Ireland enjoyed no social inter-
aith any members of their own creed except
those of mean condition. The priests themselves-•
were of lowly origin, and were kept at a distance
by the gentry. At the first establishment of the
eatholie Association, the lay leaders acted inde-
pendently of the priesthood. What is the case
,aaw ? As the Orange opposition here and itt
Ire-
land became more stubborn and inexorable., the Ca-
tholic laity found that such a weapon as priestly in-
fluence ought not to he • let rust in the scabbard.
The church was called in o.'o help forward the cause,
of the aristocracy. -Every hour of anti-Catholic
provocation has ati:aed cement to the political bond,
:and has So toi'ed up the hierarchy with the pro-
perk' of (ha Catholics, that it will require a great
OtOrt of constitutional force to disunite them.
Rol* is this to be done ? The league betvvecit
taiest and layman, we find, has not grown Dirt of
emancipation, but has sprung from the Want of it,
and from the struggle to obtain it. t'eur years ago
the Irish priesthood were conialaratively aloof front
the party politics of their aect. The resistance made
to the rights of the laity has, we repeat, conferred,
pro hac vice, upon. tie church, whatever it HOW pos-
sesses of a ehante"rer formidable to the GOvernment.
Then,' we say, let the malady suggest thte
Shall we continue the same cosine Which has pro-
"aluL-ed and consolidated this artificial alliance between
aim it lest and layman ? No,• but retrace our foot-
step:4 and So dissolve the league. Offer the Catho-
!semicolon a partnership in the constitution to in-
cithoilify him foe his association with the priesthood.
'Rouse. him by a tender. of those high and just re.
wards Nvhich animate the Protestant in his pattiotie am.
Zaition, Are Protestant Statesmen willing tools of the
Established Church in what affects the liberty of the
s,alajeet ? - Are Catholic statesmen, even where their
sawn church is by law established, blind instruments
in • the grasp of their priests? Were the noble
Catholics .4,vho fought .victoriously under the banners
of Elizabeth " divided in their allegiance," or dis-
tracted in their zeal, or told, or treacherous towards
s Sovanalign excommunicated by the see of Rome,
;it with the great temporal representative and
thaunpion of the Popish faith in. Europe, and herself
he head and. front of the offending heresy of that
age ? Are the lay Catholics of Gertnany, Or. Swit-
serlarni, or France,. so enamoured of their respective
.priestsaas to sacrifice the country at their bidding ?
In our inmost conscienceascience we are satisfied, that
if danger exists,--nad it does exist, a'nd is
imnrinent,---.exclusion i 3 the cause of it, and eman-
cipation would be the remedy. -Yf then talk of
giving power to the Catholic body by Act of
Parliament, let, them reflect that the act which
give them, and which alone in
.Iceland Mild
give them real power, was that which rastored to
the the right of acquiring property. The law
fetich attempts to divide power from property is
adverse to the whole spirit and practice of this con-
stitution, end its effect is against the state of a
force which it cannot extinguish. We will be frank
on this occasion, and leave rto reproach of ambiguity
upon our principles, or of lack of spirit in our ex-
pression of them,. We deeply and instinctively dis-
trust, and dislike, and fear the Catholic church. We
have always despised the silly affectation of consult-
ing and nagaeiating with the Irish priesthood, to 116.•
tertain on what terms it would condescend, forsooth,
te, sanction an act of the Imperial Legislature for
admitting lay Catholics to the
.Constitution. This
has been our invariable lang,uage. Parliament
ought., without even glancing at the possibility
of a murmur from this reverend corporation, to-re
aolve -that none shall dare to exercise the functions
of a Bishop in his Majesty's dominions, without lip
ing previously appointed or approved by the Crown.
To this -extort we go band in hand with Sir Nieho-
laa Tindal, or any other the most jealous enemy of
t Rontiah hierarchy.. We would fix by law a de-
Mit provision for these spiritual magistrates of the
naidority of the Irish nation, and for their parochial
rico-4y, that they might not be compelled; on pain
.of
`starving, to court and subserve the Wayward passions
of a multitude, whom it will cost many years to bring
within the reins of civilization.' Tying the priest-
hood thus, neck and heels, and taking the laity
into 'cordial partnership with a Protestant and
enlightened people, the reasoner of another half cell-,
tury would wonder where the parties of the present
day had found materials for so' much unmeaning fear
of an act so fraught with every principle of effectual
pacifitattion.—aTimcs.

The great argument of Mr. Peel against entices-
..;i•on to the Catholics is, that if by the Constitu-
t tort we are to understand the King and the Mem-
hers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and we j
241114 the Roman' Catholics into the Legislature; we
shall make a most important change in that Consti-
tution, which was established at the Revolution, and
which was meant to be perpetual - • • • •
Feeling. that in the present relations of the, Roman
Catholic and the Protestant religions, the one orthe
ether:it/list have the ascendancy, we are desirons
that that ascendancy-,-a qualified and moderate
ascendancy should belong to the PrOtestant
Cl.nucli." We have always understood that Con-
stitutions and Churches were themselves means, but
uleaus for an end, and that that end was the
being of the community, If the population. of a
,:ountry can be rendered happy by a Protestant Con-
..--titution and Protestant Church, then they ought by
all weems to have a Protestant Constitution and
Protestant Church ; but if a Protestant Constitu-
Atoll and a Protestant Church so far from contri-
buting to the well-being of a country, arc the cause
of .461itsmt discord, and all the evils which follow
in -its train, if we obstinately determine that
the Constitution and the
.Chuich shall, notwith-
ltanding, remain unmodified, what is this but saying
that, a Constitution and 'a Church are not for the
„lc 01ihe people, but thte people for the sake of
the Constitution and the Church ? Mr. Peel did
not attempt to
spew that the present wretched state
1r Ireland was not the fruit of the attempt to main-
tain a Protestant Ascendancy; nor did he attempt
to prove-that Ireland could ever be tranquillized so
long as it was governed according to ttsectidancy
principles. He did,
d'd indeed, draw something like an
irference from the recent conduct . Catholics,
e
• •
that concession would not satisfy
them,
which so far
-
triproved matters that it gave us the prospect of
ra and wretched-
pctual and irremediable discord
i'ss in Ireland, and of course a cotruitllllCitt.l?lt In
t;inc of the same wretchedness to England. Good
61){1! what a libel on the Constitution and Church,
snake their existence in this way dependent on
maintenance of a state of things, the condition
.14 which is irremediable wretchedness in Ireland,
-end ultimately,thin to England. If Mr. Peel wishes
to' have any pretension to the character of a States-
titan, he ought to go farther than merely oppose the
~enession of the Claims of the Catholics. By his
.c‘vri Showing, the ruin of the country necessarily
results from his vote, if successful. A Statesman
Slioultl have SOIIIC end in prospect. We will con.
CL:de. to him, for the sake of argumemt, tied the Ca.
tholic religion is irreconcilcable with political liberty.
But are we, because the a C tholie religion is ofthigeb„_
meter, to be saddled with the expellee of controuling
the Irish Catholic population, to say nothing of the
danger from Aso many ill-affected millions in our near
neighbowhood? NiVe are good Protestants, who
ought to have the benefit of a Protestant Constitu-
C.
Lion and a Protestant Church. If, therefore, a_
tholics cannot be admitted into the pale of the Con-
stitution, and will not be satisfied with exclusion, be!
prevent us from. deriving any benefit from on:
franchises, why then, to be consistent with him.
self, Mr. Peel should propose the exterminatio::,
the utter extermination of. the Catholics. TIE

mil of Ireland has been so much exhausted, ac

cording to the agriculturists, by eXcessive clopping
since the importation of grain into this country
was allowed, that it has become little better
than a caput mortuum, Six millions of Catholic
bodies spread over tire surface of the :Coiluti'y
would renovate the soil; and, th&efor'e, this re-
medv would be much better th'ith the submersion of
Sir Joseph Yorke, which might give other lan4s the
hen'efit of the dead bodies, Mr. Peel is tirf,bablY in-
sincere, and his understaUding is riot in fault, but his
will. Without attributing to him any very extra-
ordinary rueenfre of intellect, we think he has
more than enough to see the inpnsistiy, as far
as reason is concerned, of th'e policy he advocates.
We have here his ri,otestant Constitution and his
Pittestt,Ait thumb, but then he is bound either to
sittW that the country can . be tranquillized under
such a Constitution and Church, or to sacrifice the
Catholics to that great end: Ile did rat
even to' show that the atUetidatiCy system had not
been one te.aih talise of the misery which prevails
in trtlaiiil, or that wbile.that ascendancysystem lasts
we can hope to see tranquillity in it. If the Irish!,
as he contends, will not he satisfied With behig
placed on a level with the
..#•rdestants certainly
they will 'trot P,ltfiAeti With seeing. Aeruselves
played hetOth the Protestants. If giving them
what thy ask will not satisfy them, giving them
nothing will still less satisfy them. If the Catholic'
religion produces all these evils—if Protestant liberty
and Protestant religion are itt &instant danger frlnn
it—if this be as lit hOntends it, iatind if he sincerely
believes what he rnahlttiinstheti lie ought to pro-
scribe the Catholics altogether, to sacrifice them to
the Protestants. SUrely the Protestant Constitu-
tion and Protestant Church arc for the benefit of
the Protestants at all events, and not kept up in or-
der
to ruin them by taxation—to keep doN% n Catho-
lics whdean never be reelaimed, and the nuppdrt of
beggary that son never be alleviated, A Statesman
should-not halt bet Ween Otirses in this way; he
should look 0 tilt ultimate good of his country, and
17.. eat-amend the course likely to accomplish that
end. But Mr. Peel is not sincere ; he is an actor,
and his arguments are a mere tissue of pretexts to
delude the multitude. Ile knows that if there be
any danger to the Protestant Constitution and Pro-
testant Chttrth from time admission of the Catholics
into the pale of the Constitution, that danger must
every year be greater, because the Catholics are
every year beconiitig, with reference. to the Pro-
testants, proportionally more numerous and power-
ful. He knows that what he now refuses must ulti-

mately be granted, and that if there be danger, every
year increases that danger. But he knows also,
that so long as a certain Personage is opposed to
these claims, and that in the quarter in question,
reason has no chance of prevailing, so long it will
be profitable to be the organ in Parliament of oppo-
sition to t maueipation. We do not mean to say,
that of those who oppose the Clangs in both Houses
some may not.he sincere. When we consider the
extent of imbecility in the higher ranks of this
country, that many Legislators are absolutely inca-
pable of anything like a process of reasoning, we
arc rady to admit that the understanding may often
be in fault as well as the conscience. We do not how-
ever', believe the understanding of Mr. Peel to be in
fault,—but that he kelieves he cannot play a more
successful gamethan that which he now plays. He
no doubt says to himself—why should I oppose my
honesty to the obstinacy against which it would be
unavailing to the public, while it would be detrimen-
tal to me individually? Let us hope that we may
rub on for a year or two without any greater national
calamity' than an occasional famine, or typhus fever,
in Ireland, and when the question can be approached
More favOurably, I ran yield to conviction, when it
would be useless to hold out any longer.—Morning

. , . .
After two nights long discussion, the debate on
the Catholic Question is to be resumed this even-
ing; and would probably, if it were not for the na-
twat and excusable restlessness of those who attend
to vote and not to speak, last a whole week longer—
so much have practist'd speakers at all times to say
which has been said already. Hitherto, however,

the merits of the question -itself do not appear to
have gained or lost ground upon the occasion, but
are left pretty nearly as the different speakers found
them. This must generally,be the case with a war
•of words. If debating would set a question at rest,
this one has received discusSion enough, and ten
times more than enough, long ago. Talking is one of
the vices of the present age ; and the truth of the
jocular idea,. that "great - talkers do the least," is
strongly exemplified in the very little actual progress
which eternal speechifying has caused in this im-
portant matter. It cannot be denied, we think, that
the:cause has lost both its ablest advocates and op-
ponents. On the one side Mr.-Canning and Mr.
Plunket—on the other, Lord Liverpool and Dr.
Duigenan—seem to have left a void in this part of
the political drama, similar to that which occurred
in the .actual drama when John Kemble and Mrs..
Siddens left the' staffe. For the sake of throwing
some novelty into the discussion,.-new and weaker
arguments are brought. forward. than heretofore;
among the rest the Treaty of Limerick, which, after
being rummaged and ransacked for meanings it
evidently will .not bear, appears to us to have no
inure to do with the general question than the
terms of capitulation to any solitary fortress can
influence the ultimate arrangements between con-
tending Powers. Were we to venture an opinion
in the midst. of so many, we should be inclined to
say that this subject is suffering, as most subjects do,
by the extremes into which the advocates on both
sides rush. On the one hand Emancipation is made
an unqualified demand, and on the other is met by
an unqualiflea denial. l' ow, to us this appears to be,
in both instances, wrong. We arc at a loss to
imagine of what use year after year's debating can
be, unless it teaches the Catholics in what way their
object is most likely to he effected. If any one
thing, to be gathered both from the temper of Parlia-
ment
.and that of the country, be obvious, it is this,
that unqualified Emancipation is what the Catholics
never will obtain. What, then, would. men, grown
wise by long and repeated experience, do under such
circumstances ? Not again and again press their.
demands in a way in which, it is clear, they never
will be complied with ; but set about considering
among themselves, and, in the end, offering to the
country such securities and guarantees against the
main objection, • the influence of external causes, as
common sensa, aided by the example of other coun-
tries, points out. This, and this only, will ever re-
concile the people of this country to the measure;
while the very inclination to withhold those securi-
ties, throws a degree of suspicion over the deMand,
which, in many minds, rivets their objections more
Strongly. On the other hand, the unqualified oppo-
nents
of the question would do well to consider that
though. truth is immutable; casuistry is not. One of
• their own most formidable weapons in argument—
viz. that Catholic Emancipation would lead to the
till more dreaded repel
of the Test Act—has sunk
froM under them, ancl:h
°"
whihe
ch fallacy
even
tolfrethgereTtoesstt
Minds labour. In fact, the whole rooted impressions under
itself into one of safety ; anti to question resolves
at home and present
cx.
-isure. ,alety, past
experiem,,(lemma! abroad,
teaches us to den car")---741orning Herald. .

R-E.—Wellekse.str t
nc'el '
.
in wßlilitichU
this
theatre' ita
the ruins. The inquest has done all that it possibly could
this CK . T'isieErieke.tiet .1, is still blockaded u
do in pronouncing the -verdict on•• the evidence brought
before them, and awarding a deodJod,' yet nu person bas
come forward to remove the'rnsterials, which are a great
annoyance to the inhabitants and the public. A meeting
of the commissioners within the precincts of IVellclose, in
the liberty of the Tower, consisting of Messrs. LA MLA I',
WILLIAMS, HEDGE, HUTCHINSON, WCANN, GIBSON,
&HUNCHES-, CARDING, and others, was therefore held on
Tuesday last, the 6th instant, Mr. LAIDLAY in the chair ;
when, in order to get rid of the nuisance, as well as to pro-
tect the property, they came to the resolution of putting up
the Materials of the Brunswick Theatre in lots for sale,
and after paying all necessary expences, to hold the proceeds
of
the sale in their hands to meet the claims of the Crown,
and of all other parties to whoal the .
same may be found to
belong.

SECOND EDITION.
SUN OFFIC:;', &l en o'Cluck.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT
HOUSE OF LORDS.
Lord MARYBOROUGH presented a petition front the
Roman Catholics of Manchester and Salford; praying for
CaOolic.ElOaocitiaikii:
Iletari of ELDON presented petitions against grant-
ing any further concessions to the Catholics, from Glasgow,
a parish in Armagh, Killeggan and Newcastle, in Wick-
low, three parishes in Tyrone, WateringbY, Bearsted,
Bredgar, and East Peckham, in Kent.
The Noble Earl also, pitrated a petition from Chap
tioaderS ati4 etiom the ,petition
Trade at Tees
Ilnrbdiii alt./141st the Tees Navigation Bill.
Lard DE DUNSTANVILLE presented a petition from
Gadniyu, in Cornwall, against the continuance of slavery
in the British Colonies.
The Earl of MALMESBURY presented d tittitinti front
Woodhridge.sed. HadliY Stitfolit against the importation
%.if Foreign Wool.
on the motion of the Noble Lord the petitions were re-
ferred to the Select Committee now enquiring into that
subject.
A similar petition was presented by the Duke of
ATHOL, from the central division of the County of Perth.
The Noble Illtke presentbd a petititinfrorn the same place
against the proptised Sea of Duties in the torn Bill.
petitions were presented from Colchester and
a hundred in Essex, by Lord Maynard.
The Earl of LONSDALE presented a petition from
Kirby Lonsdale against the importation of foreign wool. - •
Lord GODERICII presesented a petition from Mr.
Sergeant Rough, complaining of the manner in which
he had been dismissed from his situation of Chief. Jus-
tice of Demerara, and praying that the House might
reconniteitled to his Majesty to grant relief to the peti
tioner.
The Bishop of CHESTER presented a petition against
any further concessions to the Catholics.
Lord LORTON presented similar petitions from two pa-
rishes in Sligo, and from Acklow and another place in Wick-
low, -
The Earl of CARLISLE, in presenting a petition from
the parishioners of the Union of St. Mary Ross, com-
plaining of the hardships which they have endured under
the present tithe system ; the petitioners also complained
of the conduct of their Rector, the Rev. James Morgan.
Mter sonic observations from the Bishop of ORMOND
and L mrd CLIFDEN, the petition was laid on the table.
Lord SHAFTESBURY moved the third reading of the,
Isle of Man Corn Bill.
Lord MALMESBURY, before the third reading 466:
Bill, begged to observe that within the last three months,
not lens than 20,000 sacks of Flour had been imported into
England from the Isle of Man, of Wheat that had been carried
there to the amount of 30,000 qrs. upon which the duty
had not been paid; that the value of this could nut be less
Shan 70,0001, to 80,000/. ; and that if the duty consistent
with that imposed last year bad been paid, it would
have amounted to the sum of 40,0001.,—the whole
of this- duty had been evaded, and the present Bill was
intended to correct the abuse. The Noble Lord's view of
the subject was, that there ought to be on the present oc-
casion, a prohibition instead of a duty. A prohibition
was intended, and if so, a short Act of that nature ought to
be passed until the Coin Bill in progres in the other House
bad passed into a law. The duty consistent with that im-
posed last year ought at all events to be I Is. ; and the
Noble Lord was quite anxious to know on what grounds
this Flour was to be received from the Isle of Man, on
paying a duty of ss. His Lordship also thought that this
Bill ought to have been passed in March last, because it
was notorious at that time that traffic was going on then.
On the whole the Noble Lord thought that a prohicitory
act should be passed, or a duty equal to last year's laid on.
The Duke of WELLINGTON could assure his Noble
Friend that he had'merely heard of this traffic by accident,
and that the moment he beard of it, he requested that a
proper measure might be adopted. With respect to the.
difference between the ss. and Ile. duty .alluded
to by the Noble Lord, this grasn had been in the warehouse
for nearly a year, which with the charge of carrying it to
the Isle of Man, would make it nearly as much as the duty
imposed last year. At all events the Noble Duke thought it
would be better to pass this Bill as it was, than send it back
to the Commons to have other provisions which would take
up considerable additional time. For his own part he was
no party to the mistake that had taken place, by which this
trade had been permitted to go on. All he could say or
knew was, that the moment he . heard of it, Inc desired
means to be adopted for a remedy.
The Bill, with several others, was then read a third time.
Earl FITZWILLIAM presented petitions from the In-
habitants of Pontefract, Yorkshire, praying for the abolition
of lavery.
The Duke of RICHMOND presented petitions from
various parts in Suffolf against the importation of foreign
grain. Also, petitions from several parishes near Tuns
bridge Wells, atol from the Freeholders and ComMissiOners
of Supply in the county of Argylle against the importation
of foreign wool.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented a petition from
Dr. Ramage and the surgical class of the Windmill-street
Medical School, WeStminster, praying for the removal of
impediments for dissection.
Lord CLIFDEN presented a petition from the Roman
Catholics of a parish in Yorkshire, praying for tine remo-
val of their disabilities. • • • -
Lord DARNLEY presented a petition signed by about a
thousand of the inhabitants of Manchester including most
of the bankers, merchants, and respectable people in that
town. The petition stated, that the signatures were put
to the, petition formerly presented from that Borough
praying that their Lordships would not send the Penryn
representation to them under a statement made to them ;
that they must either petition for or against that represen-
tation : the present petitioners stated. that they would
be happy to receive either the Penryn, or my other
representation, -provided it was accompanied by some mea-
sure to secure them from disturbance at the time of
election. Unless additional evidence should hereafter be
given calculated to make out the case against Pcnryn, the
Noble Lord did not know that it would be necessary to
urge the disfranchisement of that borough, but he thought
it would be sufficient to pass some measure t? prevent
future corruption there.
The Marquis of SALISBURY, on some future occasion,
would feel it necessary to call tins attention of time House to
the enormous expences incurred by this frivolous and
vexatious case.
The Earl of CARNARVON said that a Bill sent up
front the other House could nut justly be considered frivo-
lots or vexatious.

(Left sitting.)

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

The SPEAKER took the Chair this &ay at the usual
hour.

- Mr. RIDLEY COLBORN presented two petitions
from Dissenters in Northmnberland, in favour of the Ca-
tholic Claitus.

Mr. SYKES presented a petition from Doncaster
against Negro Slavery, also a petition against the Friendly
Societies Bill.

Mr. ROBINSON moved for a return of the number of
gloves imported since last year.
On the motion of Mr. SLANEY, the Labourers Wages
Bill was postponed until Monday next.
Mr. BELL presented a petition from Tindal, in the
county. of Northumberland, against the importation of
foreign wool.
Mr. TUTE presented a petition horn Castletown Del-
vile, in.favour of the Catholic Claims.

,Sir JAMES GRAHAM presented a petition from
Carlisle,. praying Mr a Repeat of the Stamp Tax on
Receipts.
Mr MORRISON presented a petition • from Macduff;
for a bounty on Herrings.
Lord CHANDOS presented a petition from Newport,
against the importation of Foreign Corn. .
On the motion of Mr. W. LAMB, the Malicious Injury
to Property Bill cvas read a first time, and ordered to be
read a second time on Friday next.—The Administration
of Justice in Criminal Cases in Ireland, wa3 also ordered.
to be read a second time on Friday next. ...
Colonel CHICHESTER presented a petition._ from the
county of Sussex, praying for a protection nu foreign wool.
Sir A CAMPBELL 'presented a•petition from Glas-
guw against any further (=et's-Jima to the Roman Ca-
thoties.

lIUME said that the petition did nut speak the
opinion of one-fifth of the inhabitants of Glasgow.
111 r. W. HORTON presented a petition from the Eng-
lish inhabitants of Lower Canada to prove that the French
inhabitants were not those alone who had cause to complain.
Mr. BENETT presented a petition from Plurntree, in
Somerset, praying for an alteration of the mode of taking
the averages on Corn.

On the motion of Mr. HOME DRUMMOND, the,
Scotch Licensing Alehouse Bill was ordered to be referred
to a Select Committee.

Mr. TENNYSOpf moved that' the COMmittee on the

East Iletfoul Disfrancbizetnent Bill should be poatponed
until Friday next.

The Committee on tile East Retford Disfranchisement
Mill was postponed to Friday next.
'the third reading of the Scotch Salmon Fisheries' Bill
was postponed to to-morrow.
'the Scotch Court of Justiciary Bill was read a third
time, and passed. The Mad-houses' (Scotland) Bill was
i.ad a third time; and passed:
The Registry of Hornings (Scotland) was reported to be
read a third time on Thursday next.
The Crown Solicitor's Bill was read a third time and
passed.

The douse resolved itself into a Committee on the
Stamps Promissory Note Bill, which was passed through
the Committee, and the redort was orered to be received
on Wednesday.
The Report ori the Stamps' Allowances Bill was brought
up. Th e Amendments were agreed to.
HUME moved as an amendment, that the Distri-
butors of Stamps should have in lien of the present per
centage, a per tentage oft. The Distriputor of Statnpz,
Abeideen, received during the last year a per tentage 4)1
.1,638/., and there were many respectable individuals ia
that town, who were ready to perform the duty for 250/.'
per annum, and to give security to any amount.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, al-
though 2]-11 might be a fair per centege on stamps of a cer•
tain description, it would be too little for stamps of ano-
ther description ; and he. therefore suggested the prapriety
of the Hon.lsletnber's • postponing the amendment until a
future occasion, when the whole system of the stamp re-
venue would be revised.

Mr. HUME persisted in his amendment„ and said that
he should be happy if the Chancellor of the Exchequer
would give him (Mr. Hume) the patronage of the appoint-
went of Stamp Distributors, and he would undertake to
provide persons to do it for a per ceutage of 2,1.—
(Laughter.)
_ _

After a few Observations from the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer, Mr. Alcxander, Mr. Dawson, Mr. Alderman
IVAithman, and Mr.litime, the further consideration of
the report was postponed to to-morrow.
The further consideration of the report of the Cities and
Boroughs Poll Bill was postponed to tomorrow.
The CoMMittee on the Pensions Act was postponed till
to-morrow.

The second reading of the Galway Magistrates Bgl wag
postponed to Monday the 19th inst.
• The third reading of the Bills of Exchange (Ireland)
Bill was postponed to Thursday.
The Committees of Supplies and Ways and Means were
postpon.A to Wednesday.
