EMBALMING.

(From the Medical Gazette.)
The Princess Charlotte was the last instance of what
might be termed regular embalming, and this was con-
ducted under the superintendenCe of Sir Everard Home,
then Sergeant Surgeon. The practice then was to
place the viscera in an urn, and large incisions were at
the same time made in different parts of the body and limbs
to let the fluids drain off ; even the humours of the eye
were removed, and every precaution adopted for drying the
body as much as possible before the embalming properly so
called was begun. It is difficult to imagine anything more
revolting to the feelings of surviving friends than that such
process mutt necessarily be, and, accordingly, the then Prince
Regent, who made himself acquainted with the details,
looked upon them with such repugnance, that he com-
manded a simpler method to be adopted with regard to the
other members of the Royal Family who died during his
reign. In compliance with his wishes neither George the
Third nor Queen Charlotte were opened, but simply rolled
in cere-cloth, in manner to be described. With respect to
George the Fourth himself, after the examination of the
viscera, they were replaced and surrounded by a large sup-
ply of an aromatic compound, long used for such purpose.
This method, however, was not found to answer well, and
in the case of his late Majesty, the viscera, before being
replaced, were simply rolled in cloths saturated with chlo-
ride of lime.

The post mortem examination having been completed,
the royal body is carefully rolled in bandages of cere-cloth,
so as to involve the whole of the limbs and trunk separately ;
a covering being afterwards applied over the head, and
also secured by rollers of the same material. After this,
two separate complete coverings of cere-cloth are put on.
so as to include the limbs, trunk and head, and the edges
throughout are made to adhere by the application of a
heated iron. The body is next covered with white silk,
and is lastly clothed in royal purple, tied with white rib-
bands.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JULY 11.

The SPEAKER took the Chair shortly after Three o'clock.
Mr. Crafer presented papers from the Treasury.
On the motion of Captain ALS AGER, Acton's Natu-
ralization Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be
committed to-morrow.
COLONIAL ACCOUNT COMMITTEE.
Dr. BOWRING moved that the evidence taken before
the Colonial Account Committee should be laid on the
table. His sole object in doing so was, that the evidence
which had already been taken before the Committee, which
was exceedingly valuable, should not be lost in consequence
of there not being a sufficient number of members latterly in
attendance to form a quorum.
The SPEAKER. said that the motion of the Hon.
Member would have the effect of making the House do
that which it was the province of the Committee to do.
Mr. P. THOMSON thought that the better course for
the Hon. Member for Kilmarnock would be to move that
three Members should constitute a quorum.
Dr. BOWRING was afraid that such a motion would
be attended with no effect. The number of Hon.
Members in town were so few, that several Committees
had met that morning, and had been obliged to adjourn, in
consequence of their not being a sufficient number of Mem-
bers in attendance.
The LORD ADVOCATE thought it was a question
well worthy the consideration of the House, whether a
sufficient number of Members ought not to be added to the
Committee, to form a quorum.
Lord HOW ICK thought that the batter way wculd be

that the Committee shoulcl have leave to report.
After a few observations from Mr. P. THONISON,
Dr. BOWRI NG adopted the suggestion of 10 Noble
Lord (Howick), and moved that the Committee should
have leave to report.
NEW POOR LAW ACT.

Mr. WALTER presented a petition from the parish of
All Saints, Poplar, complaining of the introduction of the
New Poor Law Act into that parish, as there was at pre-
sent a parochial law existing that regulated it.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL presented a petition
from Edinburgh for the better observance of the Lord's
Day, and a petition from the same place against the system
of slavery carried on under the name of apprenticeship in
the West Indies.
Col. JONES presented a petition from the diocese of
Armagh, signed by 20,000 persons, praying for a revision
of the plan of national education in Ireland.
Mr. BROTHERTON presented eleven petitions from
various towns in Lancashire, praying for a Ttn Hems'
Factory Bill.
Dr. BOWRING then moved that certain names le
added to the Colonial Account Committee.
Lord HO WICK said it would be better to give a no-
tice for to-morrow.
Dr. BOWRING—That will defeat the object I hale
in view, as I leave town to-morrow.—(A laugh.)
Mr. HUME then gave notice of a motion to that effect
for to-morrow.
Mr. P. THOMSON postponed the Order of the Day
for the House agreeing to the report of the Committee on
Standing Orders till to-morrow.
Lord SANDON begged to ask the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman, the President of the Board of Trade, whether he
could lay upon the table of the House an account of the
expenses attending the taking out of Letters Patent under
the new Bill ?
Mr. P. THOMSON regretted that no account of the
expense had been prepared.
On the motion of Lord JOHN RUSSELL the Lords'
Justices Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be
committed to-morrow.
On tile motion of Lord JOHN RUSSELL, the Acts
of Parliament Reference Bill went through Committee ; as
did also the Conveyance of Buildings and Lands Bill.
The Bills were ordered to be read a third time to-
morrow.
Mr. VERNON SMITH brought up the Report of
the Church Building Commission Bill.
Mr. P. THOMSON brought up papers by her Ma-
jesty's command, which were laid on the table.
Dr. BOWRING postponed his motion for Copies of
the tariffs of various countries till next Session as he un-
derstood it would lead to soma discussion. In the mean time
he trusted the President of the Board of Trade would give
the matter his attention, as it was one of much importance.
Tile Hon. Member also postponed the introduction of his
Bill for the repeal of the Navigation Act.
Mr. HAW KES gave notice that next Session he would
move for leave to bring in a Bill for the protection of the
manufacturers of hardware, Irish linen, gloves, &c. against
foreign importation of those articles, with a view of afford-
in employment to our own native artizans.
The House then adjourned.

The aromatics used are different balsamic herbs—such
as lavender, marjoram, orris-root, myrrh, cloves, and va-
rious others ; while to the finer kind, used for the internal
parts, an addition of musk is made. The " sweets" are
mixed with a certain proportion of bran ; a layer of this is
laid on the bottom of the coffin ; the body is then placed in
it, and every part completely filled with the compound.
Such is the modern practice in regard to the Royal corpse,
but it is in several respects defective, and seems to fail in
arresting the common doom of humanity—" dust thou art,
and unto dust thou shalt return." Nay, it is even ques-
tionable whether the large quantity of vegetable matter
employed may not rather hurry on the progress of decay, by
promoting fermentation ; certain it is that on a late occa-
sion the coffin burst before the funeral from the expansive
power of the gases generated within it ; and in a still more
recent instance the bulging of its sides gave timely notice
of a similar danger, which has only been averted by boring
a hole through the coffin to act as a safety-valve.

ROSCREA, JULY 2.—As barbarous and shocking
a reorder as has been placed on record was committed on
Wednesday night last, on the lands of Earlswood, in the
parish of Kyle, in the Quern's County, within about four miles
of this town. The unfortunate victim was a female of the
name of Art, who resided alone with her infant child in a hut
on the skirts of a bay, at the above-named place. Her eyes
were forced out of their sockets; both her arms and legs were
broken to pieces ; and her body dragged and thrown into a
corn field, where it was found next day. '1 be only reasons I
heard assigned for so shocking a murder were, that the unfor-
tunate creature being seduced by a man, under promise of mar-
riage, by whom she had a child, hearing of his being about to
get married to another, went and forbid the banns. The other
reason assigned was, that she being an eye-witness to the
murder cf the two Delaney* (as reported in a former number
of vow paper). sod likely to give information to the authori
ties, it was deemed proper to " put her cut of the way." A
person for the murder of the Delaneys was arrested, through
the active exertions of the police of this town, yesterday, and
transmitted to Borris-in-Ossory
AN " AFFAIR OF HONOUR" SPOILED--A few
days ego, as police constable Perkins, of the V division of po-
lice, was on duty in Battersea fields, he observed a hacki,ev
cabriolet drive towards him at a rapid rate, and at a short dis-
tance it stopped, and two gentlemen, fashionably dressed,
alighted from it, and three other gentlemen soon afterwards
came up and joined them, and they all then proceeded ton ards
a retired spot at the 7ack of the Red Hetose enclusure. The
policeman, having eurue suspicion of their intention, asked the
cab man whether he knew what the gentlemen were going to
do, and lie replied that he believed they were going to tun a
race. The constable, however, was induced to v:atelotheir
movements, and followed them cautiously to a place from
.hence he could observe all their proceedintese He then szor
one of the gentlemen pacing the ground, and aneth:r gentle-
man teek his stand wi:h a pistol in his hand. The policeman
immediately went up and took away the pistol, and as lie
was doing so it went off. The others then came up and
told the policeman he had better take care or he would be
shot. The constable then said that he must request them
to give him the other pistol, sa',ich they did. He then
sail it would Le necessary for them to accompany bin to
Waedsworth, to give some explanation of their conduct.
After some demur, the gentlemen consented to this arrange-
ment and proceeded with the constable to the office of Mr.
Fletcher, the clerk of the magistrates, at Waolswortli. Mr.
Bainbridge, one of the rnegistrates, shortly after a: rived, and
the gentlemen we.e introduced. They gave their names
Leicester Phipps, John Arthur Yung, Kenelm Milner,
Henry Augustus Biederman, and I-leery ‘Vehber. The col:-
stable was then sworn, and he deposed to the facts contained in
the above statement, and produced the pistols he had tale., n
from the parties. They were regular duelling pistols. The
Magistrate then questioned the gentlemen, with a view to as-
certain who were the principals, and that-the others were
only there in the capacity of surgeon and seconds, respectively.
They added, that they had adjusted their differences, and
that no intention existed on their part to commit a breach of
the peace. The magistrate said, that unless he was perfectly
assured of this fact it would be his duty to hold them to
bail ; but if they would pledge him their word of honour to
that effect, lie should be satisfied. This, the gentlemen
agreed to de, and, in addittion, Messrs. Webber and Bie-
derman entered into their own recognizances, and the parties
then retired.

An ill-fated cat fell into the hands of some young
ruffi ink, who commenced the first stage of cruelty, which often
leads to greater crimes and to an ignominious end; the little
wretches had passed from cruelty to cruelty, alternately ston-
ing their victim, and dragging it through a dirty pool of wa-
ter, then heating and bruising it, and menacing it with drown.
ing. Bipeds passed by, unheeding the animal's cries of dis-
trecs, which were now nearly coming to a close with its life,
when a feeling quadruped came forward to save it. A dog,
having contemplated for some time this scene of inhumanity,
and barked his disapprobation thereof, rushed forward on the
young assassins, and driving them, one by one, furiously off
the spot, sprang to the rescue of the fainting and bleeding ani-
mal, and, withdrawing it from the deep ditch, bore it off in
triumph to his quarters. There, extending it upon the straw,
and licking it all over, he recalled the vital spark. and then, lay-
ing himself down upon it, restored it to some degree of ease,
from the warmth imparted to it. After this, the kind and feel-
ing dog fetched provisions to his sick charge, and the people
of the house, inspired by the example of the minor animal,
gave it warm milk. Day after day did the dog tend the sick
object of his care until it was perfectly recovered, and they are
both to be seen at this day after a long lapse of years at the
Talbot Inn, Liverpool..--Sporting Magazine.
THE LORD MAYOR'S SPlT.—Among the other
good things prepared by the Marquis of Camden for the fes-
tivities of Bayham Abbey, in honour of the Earl of Breck-
nock's coming of age, in 1820, was an immense baron of beef,
so ample in its dimensions that no spit could be found in the
kitchen of the Noble Marquis large enough to roast it upon.
Many other noble houses, both in town and country, were ap-
plied to for this necessary instrument, but without success ; and
the idea of roasting it whole was about to be abandoned,
when, as a last resource, the Lord Mayor was applied to,
and (to the honour of City hospitality be it spoken) his Lord-
ship's spit was large enough, and to spare. This said
baron of beef was served up to the table with much pomp.
The dinner trumpet having summoned the Noble host and
hostess, with their numerous guests, to the banqueting room,
the sound of music was heard in a distant part of the
mansion. On a sudden the folding doors of the apart-
ment were thrown open, and a procession was seen advancing
along the spacious hall, in all the pride, pomp, and circum-
stances of glorious—cookery. In the van appeared a full band
of music, playing the comfortable air yclept " Oh 1 the Roast
Beef of Old England." Then followed the capacious cook-
major, clad from top to toe in purest white, and bearing aloft a
massive silver vase, filled with the most pungent mustard.
Then came the majestic baron itself, in all its substantiality ;
the gigantic silver dish on which it reposed amidst an ocean of
gravy, borne on a kind of litter, on the shoulders of four do-
mestics in liveries, and flanked on either side by an assistant-
cook (snow-white, in costume like the
T
he
he major), and each bran-
dishing a huge carving-knife and fo rear was brought
beennd
up by troops of domestics, with the less importantl havingviand
s ; a
in this state they approached the table, where all
set forth in due order, the cook-major and his fellows remained
to do the honours of the beef, with all the ceremony such a
weighty business required.
William Day, a youth of 17, a servant in the em-
ploy of Mr. John Sellars, of Sutterton, has been fully com-
mitted for trial, on the charge of committing a capital offence
on that gentleman's daughter, a child of six years of age.—
Lincolnshire Chronicle.

THE WEATHER.—The long-continued heats have
dried up the ground to a degree scarcely credible. In many
parts of Hyde Park there are rents upwards of an inch wide,
caused by the excessive drought. Within the last four or five
days, the grass in the fields near the metropolis has assumed
a parched appearance such as is rarely witnessed in this
country. The market gardeners complain loudly of the loss
they are likely to sustain should rain be much longer delayed.

THE SUN, LONDON', WEDNESDAY, JULY 12, 1837.
