• rIV-ii, PAIZES of X 30.000 aud Si°sou() !
•

1:11SR Ctimi.otim'press on The or tijs best.
6,'-.,,tr\OOd'it' the' Public, indite-trail:J. that this is One.of
`nitt 17 uPp.t.tunities ain a I,arike Ling hp a mall.
att tnteriks'must sold te'vniinate'fore'vvr. '
I'ojeurrNIPCT:TILV.SDAY .A .IgI3S.P kIF, DRAWN.
" apiial9. ,
redrp NO Bir4Nlit—,EverTlNV3,,bl„r•iis..,4's`"!e of 45 ett
• ee"t, tanking a grand Total of 4301),u60,
'ALL NEXT.TUESDAY4 (Nth
T•oriri:etY of Numbers are on Sale at 1315}I'S Offices,'
" xnn ''.Char.in :42ents wbeik thk
fir` Pri • '
ik, .!)oths, viz. in Octolier„. tNuveurber, and lleerull
}astr shared and sold
2,478 .. a Prize of £46,000
• 15,75 a
IN 44s .41,0510
15,301
14,546 UU.

. . _
...'qt ~ .And 28 minor Capitals. :
. lictrti '''s'in Ovary LbtterlAtervm !in Aprir,-.81.4_,H has; Lt.ieei n.
*OA ,ViiiVlY fortunate ,in ssilinz Capital:. In one APi" 'Lc,
1. ''''the Three !tia),Zitifr Prizt:t•—ah'•eyelit Goparalictl n
It,"
Y...""4111• litileed, April, has bern,d,e,signaterl
...._ BISI-I's LUCKY 'MONTiI !
--....,,

_______"..;._ • - • __ •
•
• lid MINISMRS having de-,
1;44, , ter,niined to brio no 111014.: Llitt.crYßili!; tn.l,(!r.T.l..)a.irj
-:%<:,,41, and all the remathing Tiliilift being- Aitptl ed 471u_1t.,,
41,e -41%4(410r of theiExohegt;cf, 1111,7 199dr. =4/ b.!`', r
'ie ''thieh is the only way that it Person ‘•an gam without 0 ilia I e I.' 4.
Ceat; f -'•Argeforttrnel; Irv; risking a *inn{ l!So nt)
' Jicir ever will soon
lkiht -• . ' •
,liti,t , J. SIVRIVRIGHT,' tlre Cmit r.actorb , wit h •Ciovebken '
ttfiiiii I.,Tring subwitted the Sclienie at fill', I er,gt h, ikow
1 ea Ptibik atte n thin' to its 1 eatlitig. latirits :—.
Witt ~,. . FOUR PRIZES of Agp,oo.o ! -
~: i
~ ...11'ty‘ Other' Caiiitals; S r lire. &caninunting tcf £400,u00
iti. • 'Ail Star:ling Aigney, 7,47N0• Blanli: ! ;".
~
,rielt%24\.g.L,°,..,NE DAT; NF,xT.TuEsp.-I.Y, APRIL 1,9„
' 'l% It, ;-,-."1,(1-tirti kir the itboVel,L42oo;ooolCe' noVeott !'cral
Ei.liu,,,'!9.straetirt7ll.oiliees.,. 37, Co,rnhill; Al, Yolb°T:n ; ar! 1434.3'4:ftiiii. -
Batt Li'
tt,ud 4,sivEwßiGliT, .Sold in, ?Shave!, in the yFr
-r-'-!-.11, No, ii 475 a priie of t 30,00.0 ! aiicl *event I
' • flit q 2 2
•'2 ,P 1.14.11
.. . ' ' .

HOLYtIF.AO New light fast Day and Night Coaches,
through jai idgenorth, WalSal, Shrewsbury, and Salop, every
„
morning 'and afternoon.
HULL" Express," a New Light Post Coach, to Lincoln,
NOrthcave; Howden, and Doncaster, every:Morning, to the
Cross Keys, Market-Place, Hull 'and also the " Rocking-
ham" in the Afternoon at Two.
. KENDAL Light fast Post Coaches to Lancaster, Preston,.
"Kirby-Lorisdale, Bolton, Chorley;Oimskirk, and Gar:tang,
every.morning and afternoon.
..- .
KIDDERNILsiSTER, Stourbridge, and Dudley, through
•Eirmingbam, and.Wi'st Brorr.wich light• Coaches every morn
ing and afternoon.
LEEDS " Rockingbani,"-light Poat Coach, sets out
f every Afternoon at Two; and panes througlillalchick,. Big-
-glesiVade; 'Eaton; -Bitchtien, - Stilton, Wansford; Stamford,
GI eetbam, Grantham, Newark, Tuxford, Markham Moor,
ttrtfortl, itawtry, Doncaster, and'f efrybridge; arrives at the
Golden Linnlnn, Leeds, next Afternoon at Three, in time
r'nr'tliel.3rad fin,l, 'Halifax; W ' inton' tin4lHtulde'rsfield Coaches.
Driven through with, Four Coachmen only.—Luggage and
Packrigts only .2tl per lb.—Notwithstanding the uncommon
i EX pedithin of this Coach, It is alloWed to he the' most agree
' able and • complete Public Conveyance on the North 'load,
being unequalled by any other. ,
LIVERPOO4 and StaffordSliire•Potteries New light fast
DAY Crack, ever) Wonting at half-past Six, driven through
I with. Four Coachmen-only,
I LIVERPOOL' "Umpire," New light fast Four Inside
enaeli, in ;271ibitrir billy,' (bat.'one Night.Ort•the Road), sets
and arrives at: Liverpool next afternoon,
Latlibury, Northampton, Welford, Litt-
i ttnetuli'tZl;lll,Y%ti.a''s'it:(iL:l..rthirellic;Atherstone, Taniwath, Litchfield, Stone,
Newcaititi;. li nuts lord „Nat rington, and Present. .
LIVERPOOL" Royal Eitpress," New iiso., Four Inside
l o i,post
.cch, in Twenty-seven hours, and driven through
i ;,citi, MA.. Coachmen "only; through Warritigton; Pres-
I Cut, COligltion, 'Lawton, .Newcastle. hugely,.. Knutsford,
Stone, Stalhird, and Litchfield, (only One -Night, .on the
'Road), every Afternoon ; arrives at the' Saraceri'VlleA
iti-n; 'Dale.striet„ .Liverpnol, next Aftertfoon. The TadVais..
taxes to Travellers who honour this Coach with their pre-
ference are far-superior to any Other on ,this Road„ esPecially
t'o'C.inincrelar InteieSis; as It 4ierio4inW the jonrney.i., less
time than' lny;other Cosic,h, artil'is.driy.ertthrnugh with Four
Coachmen.; .and,; notwithstanding its cheapness and expedi..
lion; thth Prtiptiettirs' pledge •theirisilies that for safety and
' accurimiociatithuit is equalled by few; , and shall be surpassed
by none,. .
NIANCEIESTtIi and Altringttam New light very fast Day
. .
Ciirielr,s, Vit.," tiforning to-tbe'.Mosely-Arrns find Swan Inn.
NI .:,;(.411.,Y,"17E1t to NVipsluw, congletort, Newcastle Wal-
sall, ‘V;ill ci)i'aiiiPtuti, ititi Kritit's'foid, tight rOar 'lnside
Cbaches.

A111,11013.01,56Jtand Swindon,
thrum h nto ead Itead New 1.,t0 wig cr ford, Rams-
fu.nt,•,inside Day CoAch,
hurr,.and AlithoUrn. Driven With One Coriatiian
only. The nearest oorrreyanettto Larabogrn, Purton,•Wout-
tgJr ll•issvt, and l•ewsey.
"I`'EkrCASTLE I;ll‘..riN TymE and UNDER LINE Coacties
erery, morning.. and rifternoon, . 4itly. Orte.Nig.tit.on the road,
PLYMOUTH 6' Sovereign," New light fast Coach, to Fat.:
mouth, Penryn, Ashburton, Tutness, and
'N'ev.l,..,tt.,Atibottreverymorriing-st 7, •
ItANISGATE "Royal Telegraph," New superior fast safe,
CO,telt,•to.Nltirt!ate, Dover, Deal, Britaditairs, Canterbury,
-Fet:o4bani, an,t Saridwietierery Morning at half-past 7.—.
In con,ocia,nee of ttit,:thei,ded preference girento the TU.
legrapt; safe Coach, the Proprietors are determined tio,
•iipettee shall be spared to render it the first e:ont eyadce on
the. ..Kent Road_
SHP:FrIELD ".txpress," anri also " 'Fite ilochingttam,"
thiough Rotherham. New Four inside Cuaclit:*, every':
mOrriio , •
' ‘ll..dll4T!lnt,..4ttil.,Shittnal., Light Post.
Cac
et y
--
and afternoon.Guariled.
SOUTII ANIPTON " ,
-Union,” .
o'L•yrnington,,'Lyitiliturst.
Witicheste't Hartford 'Bridge,- Mails tratir,iand
Post-
Coaches,
,t _Newf.:our Inside Coach every n r and •tr
BAP •Id Fl-- . n'
rives :it the Coach. at. orsts and Vine Inn, 'South:imp-
ion, by This • is • a must delig.h"tful Cittarevanee to
„the..,isir ttf Wight,"Je"tv, Ouetwkiry, St,.lllaloes,,, flavre
ii
Grace, berbourgh, &C.— L ors of the The
.Propti
above:
voacrt Imre to receive. eorttin
t r ,
:.etnc
of that sUjrpi it winch,
has lai •thato 110011' exper ncerl'eince-ttrwcinutuencement og
the "17"1". PRE )!cirrEPlF' • •
5TA1T01{1)....4 , a new light fast
Colth, evert' afrerrirrou, to Lanend, 'tube, ~tihttuit, Bur
Elattly.ttnil Hoboes Chatiel. 'lbis is'thu
I d
only Coach the Potteries.
• - .1 ht Post-Coaciies ev ' •
stxsi FOADS ery morning and after.

•
GLOBE INSURANCE,
PAE4L-MALL AND CORNH ILL LONDON, FOR
FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE, AND ANNUITIES.
The Capital of this Compaily is One Million Sterling, which
hag been all paid up, and is invested in Real or Government
Securities.
4-LL •Persons whose Insura.ncPs vrith this
ComPanybecorne due at Lady-day next, are requested
to take Notice, that Receipts fur. the Renewal thereof are now
ready for delivery at the Company's. Offices, arid in the Hands
of their respective Agents in the Country. Insurances due at
Lady-day must be paid on or before the 9th April next.
The General. Half-yearly Meeting of the Proprietors will be
.held at the Company's Office in Cornhill, on Thursday, the
28th day of. April next,- at One o'Clock precinely.
JOHN CHARLES DENHAM, See.

A PUZZLING CASE iIItiLLIANTLY.
In vest of snow- wntps,i,t,riewreds eciSsir:E.,gb'alts-Itzttfornalititri,it
isiaaonvf ?It tine,
SA.
irapid
ts Hair-dresser
pace,ra
rl
'And turned into,Exuter-street in the Strand:-
Where rounding the corner, in ec.ntact be ems°
%Vitt' Sans, lung aceuttolled Sout-ho ; to proclaim
So tierce the concussion that both staggecii back •
Alt white ttseSoot,lsearer, the Bat her
.F.xcepting his Bnots, for they' lost their jet glow,
And scens'd at if coVer'd wilts flakes of pure stuiw'
For Soot versus Powder both bags were at work,
:Ilse Combatants fighting like Grecian and Turk.
Of Justiee the parties now sought, each, redress.
And each his great damage now prone to
" Your Worship perceives," said the indignant Lahr, r
This plight in, that no osselity person will liar-hoar •
My vet% lately white, with vile toot badly suite,
Aud worse the hairpowder,that covers ntv boots."—
.‘ And who in, his service," asted Soot-tin, ' will
A tindefied, powslet'il,.fullotress`d su Chininey- re} to " •
, .
The Justice was puzzled, and friendship
,‘ Reflection." he•said, ‘. stoirsid be clays ists'd and pria'sl,"--
‘,l{,4l:ctit,nl" the Frizeur exclaimed,." Sir Ni,g
if Which way?" ask'd the- Justice, why, sig.,
it s locking ;
For never the worth of retleLtion sr;ss known
The lustre *ken absent of WARREN'S Jet IJfeekingls,
and S ern Sn.eep
ii,t,htle!tctui/(1 ‘.l siiana e
lsristine ncelssist ,t
o keep,
lApplied,tsthe..Boots rettcrfrstiVe hand,
Itersewinsgsoe ViStons diStllietrre and bland.—
,
Vie liartiits,agreied, an cld-ea 1 hair}'-like shade
Stillpone IS the Hair::.dressess Boots to i,„,,zsie.
This Easy Shining an&Brilliant BLACKING.,
prep:tred by
11013Ertg WAREMN
JO, STit 11413,,0nd0n ; as.'dld wn in the Kio'-
•
dout.—LIQUII), in bottles, 6tl
011,006. _
.2(
Also PASTE BLACkING, P 14,4").. and ftj.,:".
• • Ask fur WARItEN B acting_

EDINBURGH, APRIL 5.--'Phis -clay the Public
- Dinner to
.111 r. 8a0gn41.44r,' Which w-at anticipated with so.
much in tereSt for sortie :weeks previous, took place in the Asse,m-'
!Ay Booms. Tickets. were issued for eight hundred ; and sir
eagdr was the desire:to obtain adridation, that for.sOrne day's' bo.-,
fore its celebration five
-times Its original.suni was offered for a
' single ticket'. .At one time it w-as 'in -cOntemplation to have
granted adenissionto a select number of ladies,' but'this• idea
WAS subsequently. abandoned. In order' tO increase ' die 'aceOrri-
inoclation, a tel-nporary gallery W;:ik 'fitted up in 'the .wcst end of
the room (th 6 room in Oriel. the 'ball' given in honour. rif,his
Majesty took place on the occasion of the Royal visit);, and
although a space
.of considerable magnitude was thus brought
id aid of the arrangethents pr, MI large, a company, yet' every
. corner was filled. The hoar fixed mi was five 'o'cloeki' hut in
. ionseqUentSe-of its being-Is:town, ;a day or .two befoic,rtliat •Mr::
' 13 rOugliiica-would not leave York u btil two o'clock• ni, dr pia::ceding day, a riOtlc6
,Was -published., Postponing- the hour..of
dinner till six o'clock. .111r.Bron0aiti entered the room exaetly
atit'ru' t that hour, aceomparOadliy several distinguished-indiK.-.
duals. Mr, Cockburn, the 'celebrated Member of the Scott*
Bar, was in the Chair. 'Qii his'fi'eit sat Mr. Brongti-arn, and
on his left Sir Henry 111oncrietr-Well wood, Batt., TAthir. Wen-
orchy„ Lord Charies' Russell '.,(a son-of the Duke of Bedford);
were among the group ar'otir/ld -.lHer Chair, as well aS, the. 'chief
Members Ottli.:, ScOttish tierknd'Odiversity-• • ' - . - -
, The Guar It Af AN gay!, theill.'SrfOast-1-"The King:"—Then
folhiwed " The Duke of 17;Ork. an I the :Army;" " :rho Duke
' of Clarence and the Navy';" "'The. Diike:of Sussex, the stre=
iianii§ supporter of thOt6Principles which' placed his,fainily on
the 'llirone;" all of which were drank with the greatest ay-
plause. '.. ,
The CifAtil MAN then said, th,jr. ware assemblea to testify
their approbation of the public 'conduct of-Mr. Brougham ; and
in proring the health of that gentleman, he was sure thlit
much need not-be said by him to citplairf.why they should drink
1,1 r; Brougham's-health, or why they' were assembled to FOlll,
memorate his appearance,licre. ' 'lt was about 20-yeats agosince
Alf. Iriugham ceased toile a citizen of Edinburgh; and since
he left it to commence thatpublid'c:treer'Which'from thaf tune
he had, so splendidly pursued.' . But he'did not then leave' them
without entitling them fo.say,-that although of an Etigliali fa-
mily, it was yet here he had received his education, and where
his earliest'friendshiPs had , been formed. . It Was hare he first
exhibited those talents and powers which made it not a matter-
of speculation, but of absolute certainty, , that he -'irould reach
the highest eminence in whatever walk his ambition' might
prompt hitn to enter:--(kt‘viause)--illow far he.hattsiricc jtisti-
fiedthe conelti;,ions then fhhned of him, it wasnot necessary for
him.to say. He had gone •on, from that day to this, ii, one uni-
form succession of achievements', ' the last of Which had. still
eclipsed in splendour the-preceding ones, and at last exhibited
the noblest spectacle a free country can boast—the spectacle of
is young man going forth into public life, supported .only by his
own tant's, and without the advainagesOf 'tortuneand heredi-
tary influence, but by a sagacious selection of objects, acquiring
an influence over his countrymen greater than was" 'ever obtain;
ed by the intellect of a' single man—(Great applause).—To enu-
merate the exertions by which 'he acquiredthrit'influence, would
be too tedious a task-Lit would be to enumerate ail the great
'events of our day ; but some were so conspicuously eminent as
to .claim our highest gratitude and admiration. At a tithe when
our commerce was threatened with the greateA danger, and
when our enemy was unconsciously abetted by our own .Ad- 1
ministration, who could forget what Mr. Brougham had done
in the repeal of the . Orders of Council,---(Applause)? It
was , true, he was not then ti'llleßiber of Parliatuent, but at
the' bar f the House of Commons he brought to bear upon
.
that question a mass of intelligence, a display of . eloquence,
and a profundity of research which' led to his subsequent
entrance , into that House. Since that period, how. perse,
vering and how invaluable had • been his services In the
cause of Negro emancipation.._(Applause).-,Since the .time
that that question had come to occupy the &Omissions of the
Legislature, some of-its most strenuous 'advocatex had becd
withdrawn ; and it was quite essential to the sucCess of that
,cause, that its advocacy should fail 'tato
.the hands of supe-
rior and surpassing talent, again to belifta
toits rank its one
r of' the imporrant .questions of the British Senate ;- diet it shoUld
be supported. not only with zeal, but with knowledge and '
judgineat:-(ApPlause.)—lt was fortunate for he nninity : that
it had found Such an advocate in -their distinguished guest at
such a crisia. 'l3ut the-application of his talents was riot limit-
ed to any sin,,le object, however great and prominent ; • for he.
asked them, where was the question which lied ere'. en4aged
~
'the attention of the Coninaons House of Parliathent, Which had
fir its object the happiness of the human race, or die •imelitira-
don of any of institutions, where Mr. Brougham hati not
devoted' his time and his: abilities ? When the late Peace
was proclaimed, • almost" every one regarded the downfall .of
Napoleon as the harbinger- or. a • better state 'of things,
and that the liat'assed and worn-out nations of •Eunipe would
noW - enjoy a state of" repose; that the conspicuous lesion
'which` 'the signal fortunes . and fate of Buonaparte had
taught, would not fail in operating'. as is beacon to the
Ruler§ .of Europe. lint these •anticipations• had not • been
realised—.they had not learnt• that 'the best and most apPro.
priate security for the 'Thrones of Monarchs is in the hearts
of their anbjects. Although they. had seen every barrier their
confederated' efforts could oppose,' successively melted before
the'gcnins of Napoleon, who became .at once their instructor
and,their scourge; yet, no Reimer • were they freed _Mita . his
gigantic doodnation, than forgetting all that had hapPened to
themsetves; they set themselves in league against all liberty—
not against tfil :liberty ofOneindividiral Kingdom or State-4mt
against the liberty, Of every nation in Europe. While these
features of the, associated policy of the continental' Monarchs'
were•thns beginning, to unfold themselves, a' general expecia-'
tion was cherished that Great Britain would liecome'the general
Pt
ect throughoutea impipporopl,et:ed 11,
‘lb7ittethelerPrta-
ioilots were,was
I°lcif WVerveedr,°rn
at that. time
not, he helieied,a single truly British heart,, Which did not
riche
sympathise with those who were borne down under the iron.
• '
sway of these ungrateful Monarchs: 'and few, could forget the
'display of eloquence—thelcifty and commanding talents-of their
111iistiwiti Guest—who; at an early stage of These aggressions,
had at Once striPped the Wrefiliedilefentes with which -it was •
..• •io •• ••
attempted to palliate them
_of. their spurus disguise, and who
had held:their actions up to the scorn and aecration of the
World, with an eainestnesS Of neat, an energy of feeling, and: a
dignity 'of eloquence worth y the.rharacter of a freeman of the •
'Britiali enate,—(b7terii applause:)-'These was another topic of
praise connected with 'Mr.- Brovigham's career, which opened
'tip before tiiina 'field Of wider extent ;.'ancl• he was confident,
that bad Mr. Brougham's exertionsbeing confined to this single
point of his history, it alone would eritalehius to the lasting
gtadtude of his countrymen. lieniliiffedlo the trial
.of the late
Ile was only
Queen. Over this part of our hiiitory'he wiaild'hive'kviihed to
drawa veil, nor did he here . intend to' ocettpyany part Of • their
eitili;mrti.---4Tothutp;
tithe by offering any opinion upon this question.,
recalled to the painfulness of that Strange story by a reColleetiort
Of ' the magatieene 'displays of 'elcqUenee 'arid ability it-had
edleicrsiteedt. fraopiptitatl:,..3tdi)tirilgisv4i;nhedtni;irievriiirtieu;libbver.edfat.
ne.:us, el, the auguatneiiii of the' tribunal, 'ihe; ablemnity of 'the
o:arges, and • -the weighty isaitethey involved-When:they re.
colls;cied these things, they tied initch.of unusual- interest to
dwcll upon—but
.all theie :thing fluted
8., out a sight at the
remembrance of *the. part in thetie' pitieeedings which had
been sustained by' their guest. •Althotigh,- Un--doubt; he had
the asiii;Fttinee of, he might say, 6-ea 'lira talent ;ilyet no one
could deny, that at the -period he alluded to'lli. B. had inis.,
ed tip fur himself a Memorial of the' rim4unqUestilapeil and en-
dinin,
caariv._(Applittilse:)a.-But there watt' another-field of
usefulness entire his own—he Meant the educiatiOn bf 'youth--
(Great applause )-.lf he kyles any thing; I
of 11. r. Brotighatn, he
would weatti re to suy that this wet the'partieularground on which
hr(3t r. P. tirosele) would chooSe to stand, as entitling; hia pit blic
seri ices to the thanks and gratitude :Of his: cotintryrii?n and
sure he was that no Statesman could ever haVe Selected, '
brialtier bask farit•
existence
been tiii(iitritie
.A Pror,ounde
by some people,,. that .the
Manufacturirigi
1 any taste for know edge, and
... . .. ,
nation, wit i
were thir' ' - the acquirement t)•
ertm a humble literatuTfi ~ , v. 4 qmtemcompatible-Lthin
the habits of veoPle en,gageu m Lally labour, with 'a desire MI
the aCtiiiisitidn 'of knowledge,
.'were totally tinallied mid' diasi4
milar—that such:a sprinkling of k,717.11.dge embifed-thme well}scntimenl,
ar,.4 fdeb-no way COnCiu nye to their happineu, le •
had be“l the tslt of their illustrious :Attests to refute tt • .11. 1 ...
heral and •trio't erforieoui dogma. lir reference • ' his i .1-
l° the Condition'
.tinan
of the lowerclasses, he' (tir,,i.•:et.,a,aw difpe.'nlit theii
sell
leering tillftrent objects tot ttl 1
..
.1111,1,oraton ;. he saw some I
iytio.tndeai:dured to prated their:.mor,litY—Soine who wishd
- i,,et their rights and privileges—and all these sera -,• '' I
to pro . ~ ..• but Air. Bronghtun b• • - great
and praiseWoithy Objects;
__ ~ . ad gone-a itti)
tfi is., • •• . wished to educate tnern.„ anu. in putting this within
1, r , •..,

_ .. .. ,
their reach, he gave them the.:best bulwark of their freedom,
and the best .security .for_ all these ble.ssiugs.—(APPlanse4'
Although-few men had so many claims ongeneralgratitnde,he
• still thought. there was a particular: claim .whittheelletittguithed
Mr. Brougham, • and that was, . that altliough het ktad retched a
r late* eminence .in Society, he did not-disdain. to.lnok: dowra
from that elevation to- consider the mental .wants of-otliersa
i ...(Applause.).-11.ie object wait to :raise the- iniellkgence of the
lower.orders, and to force that of the upper ranks.still.higher—
and, ultimately, to blend them into one-exalted mass °lintel.;
1 ligenc,e. There are some who May misiepreeent„ the enthusiasin
, of such an:idea, and-may consider- these retnarks.iti.tita`li)erta -
incense of flattery offered up in party-spirit.. I -do not:think I
would do,our friend any diihoneur, - -were I:point out -to you
; his merits in that walk of - Usefulness which is necessary far the
protection of.our liberties; but I am anxious toeiyoid--all..con
: troversial topics, and lay down his- claim: to your, gocul • °Pillion
upnn grounds which wilLstand inveitigation, not. onljtrusw, but
' a century. or, a . thousand years hence .: elierefote;yett w.l/1 oh-
• serve, that I have cautiously abstained from allsuch,topice, and
have 'purposely confined. myself to those of his achievement's,
' .which,` however meritorious, are, in vulgar estimation, teen-
sidered comparatively humble. .There are certainly some
persons...-instances occur every day.—who,- .faction suddenly
elevates to fame.e' bill who, when the voice of faction is heard
-no .mare; are:-remembered only to hp wondered 'at that they
were ever of importance. With respect to Air. 'Brougham, the
time :will come, and at no great distance,.l awl sorry to say,
. .when the voice of faction will .be heard no more. WNW de-
duction will this make from the real merit that -adorns his
name—his being one of the names which is stated to be up.
held by the spirit of party? True virtue is never seen till it
-be removed to a certain distance, and the edifice be cleated
of the scaffolding which _obscures: its proportions. Then it
ovill.stand in the _native- beauty of the original design. Mr.
Brougham, I repeat, will one day be removed from the exag-
gerations, and the prejudices, and the noise, and the vulgarity
of party spirit; but ehat day the'Negro shall be free—(Cheers).—
and that day: our. commercial policy shall be thoroughly re-
formed; and that flay the despotism on the Continent shall he
broken ;—(Hear, hear, hear !)—and its that day, in. our own
happy land; the lamp of Competent • knoWledge shall be
found burning naturally antlferniliarly, and be . held the glory
of every mechanic, and an object of devotion .to every peasant.
.-...-(Cheers.)—Various and strong as are those claims he has on
our good ' opinion, Al r. Brougham will reckon. it no deduction
from them, if I now conclude -by adding, that even these are
not his strongest claims, but that he has one which is still
stronger, and the last it is, that: he is a citizen of Edinburgh.
There are various other parts of the kingdom (I know no part
indeed) that. has not cause to express.its gratitude for his ser;.
vices, and admiration of the manner in which these, services
have been performed ; -but am I not safe, Gentlemen, in assur-
ing hint, in your names, that here, and throughout every step
in his carreer and his progress, he has been followed by our eyes
-and our anxious solicitude? Am l-not safe in saying, that
' amidst the long and splendid course of his achievements, the
tidings of not one of them ever reached his own fellow-citizens
of Edinburgh without inspiring us with a satisfaction, which
had its source in our personal interest in the man ? Long,
: Gentlemen, may-there be a reciprocity-of such feelings-be-
tween us—long may we and this: Gentleman be united—
(hear, hear !) - long may we be united in the sacredness of our
cause, and the identity of oor principles, and. the recollection
of ancient ties, and while-the memory of this: man remains.—
Gentlemen, I propose " the health of, Mr. Brougham." '. The
toast was rank with all the honours, and the most rapturous
applause. •• .
- • Mt..BßOUGHAM—Gentlemen, lam sure I cannot find words
to express-what Ireally feel on this occasion ; and being unused
to address meetings of this kind, my difficulty is increased—
(.hear; hear 1)-yet, in the impossibility of-any thing like a de-
scription of the deep sense which I feel of that very singular
kindness with which I have been received among you- in this
city, I know that I owe it to two things—which are of the many ,
'Witch-the kindness of my friend, our worthy Chairman, has sJ
eloquently expressed :-one is, that title which I think is the
highest (all but the other), and which I am desirous to think it
is, namely, that I am your fellow-citizen, born, bred, and edu-
cated in this place. How much I owe. to that it would be in
vain for me to attempt to express. Suffice it to say, that 1 ad-
mit that I owe every thing to it, and this 1 have never shrunk
from saying in England as well as in 'Scotland. The other
claim that I possess is to a higher title still—not that I. take
credit to myself for any, even of these panegyrics that have
been devolved upon me by • the kindness and partiality of
my friends; but I feel :proud that 1 now return among you,
' my fellow-citizens, and, stretching out these hands, can say
they are. elein—(lotid cheers.)--I am not a person who ie
.much -in the habit of countenancing. discussions, nor are we
likely to be engaged in many of them this night; hut were I
to reply to the speech Which my Learned Friend addressed-to
you, I think I could object to all of it, but without ohjeCtiog
' to any one expression which he. made
"in
ot', that of,the
trial of the Queen. I never, in ptiblic or inprivate, heard
great a profanation of this word trial, as such an appliscatiorr of
it. . The judicial proCeeding, which we are accustomed tO,call
Trial, I am professionally and habitually taught to revere. The
thing is gone by, but with all the respect due" to the administra-
tion of justice, to which I owe reverence, the stateMent made
from the chair obliges me to expose, before I proceed•farther,
the farce which he tolls trial. Trial, it is none, where the at.
cuser, Who is interested,- sits on the bench of justice, and pre_
tends to administer it.—(Hear, hear !)--Nonee'where the de.
fenceless.vietim is turned out, exposed to every shaft which tte
malice of her enemies can invent or-point, and when wisdom
and poiver unite with the power'of darkness—trial.it Wes none,
where all the forint; of justice were violated by those who' had
broken through them ere yet they could produce themselves in
court. Talk to me of the paellas, the deys and -the beya,. or
• :Africa, and call them, as they call themselves; 'judges .1 Tate
to tne of them with their ministers of vengeance, crouchingtre -
der their frowns, and prepared obsequiously to do their nano_
• ter's behests, against their own-feelings,' in violation Of -their
own 'oaths 'and principles—and all because their master 'coin-
mends them 1-7-If yost hold theta triel,'tlien.come and say Out
the Queen was tried. Six days have I-stood in that pleee.which
they sacrilegiously called a court of justice. Idared to telftheni
• Any mind, And I did it day by day., -I dare not now tell thlito
my Mind, because 1 wools[ hove occasion to see them once mare ;
• hat were they-to call me before them for telling you what-I have
• thought of them to day; they would Style that'too a judicial pro.
seeding ; they. wOulti style it a friall—Were.°l to compare tote
-place to any thing, I would say that sea, where L!stood and saw
• their victim lest down, arid -.trodden Upon by one of herjudgcs,
' one especially who was bOund by every honourable tie td protect
'her.s but Whom I will not name, for then 'they would fall upon
me for thus speaking to you, and 'you for-shearing ielf t and
•therefore 1 do not say a word upon that subject. I would•return
to that which affords to the most agreeable reflection's on aliti-
tish mind; but where are the privilegeti 'which 'weionetiien.
joyed ? 'I perceive not around me those who twee) to-A.ller!
such occasions, -but whom it is our tate never to teci.tinti,e;,._
I allude •to Miller, PLOyfair, Pother and i klerniliSkitie,
ruhl 'many others ; but those whom. -I have 'named tti&rali.it
illnstriOns, the, indomitable friends of ,the oppressed; - intphe
, enemies of the oppressor. W hen• I see the blank whieletehey
have left among us its these our days, f l'ook' for,centfortdrinto
one man, who, thank tints! -it yet pretieryed to us. • l'filia74
Mr. Stewart--in old age firm:and active,,' and in the full vig,Otr
of his great intellectual capecity,.who glories in -the irlinfrph
of, dime principles which we cheriele' and nothing but indie..
pdsition -could have prevented him from appearing 100T1s-lat t
us; , tint I' feel that ha must have hailed the arrival; Uttehet
day with the greatest Pleasure: Ai has- been well observed
r.by the Learned Chairman, it was in this town they 1 -trsir.--
coved My-education; and it is my duty that I should tell' yea
that you cannot too highly prize your own city as a- place fif
education. • Though ). aeldosu express.my opinion, yet • L helix
seen much of public systems of educatiornand have' hilt!. grkit
opportunities
.of - Observing'. the . habits of .:teacher-a; starts ,t)f
hearing the expectations founded upon, and knowing the etletets
of, various systems ; and I certainly hare' never 'yet teen, atiy
one place, or anyone system,: So erellodayted for teablingewp
ood citizens,- as well as learned •and virtuous- wen, as the
• Iligh School of Edinburgh and the Scottish Vnive,iiities:. 'L tto
not mean to depreciate any other systean, becauee.it happeats to
be new, or to institute, any.comparison*; 'but it iinetwaf she
r least of their recommendations, that the establishments fierwas
.'speakirikof are capable of improving themselves; what; how-
ever I chiefly! astatine in the High ,School of Edinburgkis thus,
I itid Speak unthe presence of _those *holier-haps. think azore.
',Select sehoal is better, (I only mention-what I kenorwm,rtdo, Its
lirn); it aims tit -higher objects than tbat of the.studying
h.
rii ',pore enlarged experience haw now
IVerset--not thatihere was any harm in that ;,itwas sue 'an
.timusement as he himself was addicted to, though he mast-mi-
d ' should have other and higher objeets. There
peat, an nca-emy
;vias -this other recommendation, that the-scholata living in•ttw
for their ood con-
dwellings of their parents, there is a security g
tiilded,.thr Y ereek

-duet; and this other, that men of the lowest ranks send their'
children there, and thus excluded the patrician principle. He
whom I should have highly rejoiced to see amongst us to-day,
he and I, (1 was a person certainly not in the most opulent ranks
erlife) I remember, from the earliest times, were at the High
tichoof for many years. There-were some in the same class with
us, equal with ourselves, and many others, sons of men in the
lowest ranks of life, and there we aIL sits, and said, and took and
yieldedylaces without any difficulty (some of them were sons of
mechanics in the Cowgate), and without the least impreesion on
minds of my Noble Friend that they were superior, or in
the mind of these boys that they were inferior. This is my
reaecei for preferring the good old schoel of Edinburgh to what
n called the Patrician nchool. As to the boys of Edinburgh.
-hey enjoy a singular benefit not only from the number of
!easned men and most original geniuses in the different depart-
meats of science in the days that they live ; but in it they have
slat appears superior, in my opinion., to any establishment of
the kind formed originally on inpnentie terms. While the youth
enjoehthe benefits of education, they live under their fathers'
zeteLat night, in the middle of the family, and any anziety
nbont the state of their morals is preserved. So deeply am I
nftetrated with its vast superiority in every respect, that I
consider it one of-the first establishments in the kingdom. I
eertainly- have taken a pert recently, and I have very great hap-
phiess in announcing to you to-day what-has been done on the
subject of education, because I know you will be glad to hear,
One. upon the Scotch model an establishment is -likely to
be formed in the metropolis of the Sister Kingdom • a
stilt:sol, on the model of the old High School, is there about
to, be -established, and there steps have been. taken for the al-
.:wet immediate establishment of a Univereity,,, to bestow, upon
the Snotch plan, the blessings of a scientific education on the
countless inhabitants of that town. Sutter:' Yee, Gentlemen,
before I sit down, to express my regard of &meeting of this
description as by no means one of mere pastime or curiosity.
regard it as a great public meeting, in which men are met-
Together, ,who hold the same principles in common, and who
theseyrinciples quite safely ; they are met to commerno.
ri:te those principles, and pledge themselves one to another in
ahe fare of, their, courneymen to support them ; and by becom.
ir.g united together irinneb a congrvgated form, they follow the
. exhinpleof all ages of the most refined, as well as of the most
civilized—in matters-of religion as well as in matters of polity.
14 would have been mockery to feast together, if it were not to
commemorate those principles, and to shew the firmness of our
minds, and bind us together. What we do just now is only
:an outward symbol of what many may be called upon to
*tiffei he our present, and have suffered in worse times for
4)4 good causes-and that if a more and a higher sacrifice is
immured, they would not be found wanting to seal their attach-
went:smith their blood. This meeting sees but what a few years
and would hardly have been allowed. I do not impute this to
their refined principles or language._ We do not live in terror
of thellark night which drew down the vengeance of those in
sower upon every man-who held an opinion of his own, ,When
frowns did not dp, as some of the most noted here present, one
et whom 1 see close by the Vice-President- (Mr. (;ibson) well
knew, there was nothing left undone to harass the obnoxious
individual; and had their power been equal to their desires,
more effectual means would have been resorted to of crushing
their cause ; but, blessed be God, these times are now past.
There were not wanting those, who, by themselves and their
abandoned minions, have had recourse to men of as aban-
doned principles as- their own for, crushing the freedom of
speech and of fair discussion. -Blessed be God., those days are
now gone by, and very shortly many may not credit the,tale I
have now told. But we have-new seen that 'there was-a trait
of time, when a member who got up in his place in Parliament,
and was bold enough to advocate the principles of free erade
with foreign nations, was denounced as a Jacobin—as a
theorist at least, or a visionary ; but I have lived also to
see those very principles acted upon by the same men
and in the very same place, who but a short while before
were loudest in the cry of " jacobine and visionary ;"—and
hollow majorities voting in favour of the same measures which
they .formerly execrated;—following in their, principles those
very same maxims of ours in favour of free trade,—and this
too by men who formerly followed the cry of him who uttered
his severest declamations and jokes against us. Let us not twit
them with. their change, for as their conversion to our principles
is but recent, and may not be so determined and-steady as ge-
nerally happens with new converts, let us not twit them with It,
sous to give them. a pretence to turn back again:. bunrather
let us extend our eye to the change which has taken, place in
their foreige policy, which is no less singtilar. For howmany
long years has it been painful, and even degrading to feel that
ono was an Englishman ? I mean during that darknight, in
which, in league with the _tyrants of the,Contiuent, England was
toren-met to succour tyrants in every attempt against ties liberties
of mankind, and a Counsellor vras always- to be fnund hi her
ateelin elbow of evernone-whovrished to sacrifice and trample on
the rights of nations, and not a despot could turn his eye
to this country but met the glistening eye of fellaw feel-
ing ineand .the iron hand of the oppressor .reeking with the
blood of the slain, wits greeted in her friendly grasp... When
Europe, beheld the degrading -spectacle of the union of
Liberty with-l'yeariny—a set of despots leagued together
antinst the liberties of the human rate—and when the most de-
testeble object of: the basest superstition never turned in vain
fir assistance to the government of the freest country on the
tenth !. -That black disgraceful night has now gone down the
sky—the voiceof Englishmen has been heard at last. What
man is there now, in half-represented England, or in non-re-
prestenteel Scotland, or even in tortured, misgoverned, and per-
eeeeted. Ireland—what man, I ask, dare now to stand forth and
sAyi °t,l befriend the-Holy Alliance ?" Not only is there no
seeh man, 1 will not say so wicked, but so foolish, who is
not bent on his own destruction, or struck with judicial
blindness—there as no man out of the- precincts of Bedlam,
woo will now dare to say, " I am a friend to the Holy Al-
lience." If there be any dupes of that accomplished pink
et reifidy, the Spanish Monarch—if there be any specimen of
imbecility wanting—of a illonarch basely forfeiting his pledges
and his dignity to purchase his restoration to a throne ; if there
he any, man' who approves of the conduct of that scourge of fine
Italy, of the oppressor of the Austrian States, or is fond of the
-.lenne of the mosteruel ,and the falsest tyrant that war sat on a
Tbrone-„of that baffled despot of South America still dond- ,
netting over Old Spain—if any men have so unnatural, so in-
nate a peppenaity to royal admiration, at least they have now
the, grace to.contine themselves to the region, that best befits
thane, of men locked up in some of the offices of state, or to
ela‘Tal their migrations among the familiars of Court, or to
linger behind the arras in friendship with the vermin—the natu-
ral inhabitants of the place, or in the congenial society of Alex-,
ander, Frederick, and Francis—of lizards, vipers, and toads ;
and; worse than all, of those who- eat the toads. I can never
gee them, to- confront we in Parliament ;,L seek them there with
lemgiog eye. All attempts to call them forth are in vain. None of
them will appear : they all chime in with the cry ageinst the
lloly Allies ; all are betimes at hand when a division is called for,
arid then hide themselves and their tenets from the rays of that
men who feels himself almost disgraced by shining upon them.
Now what are the practical resultS wa•should draw from this
representation ? would- avoid the .preeumption of giving
cheeriot council to my friends, or of flattering them with the
hopes, t bypereeverance in the good eitu,ae they have begun,
ale will yet end well. But I want to add a few words to my
youtig-friends, who say. that ambition ought to be the first oh-
elein of every public man, by which they mean place and power.
1 conceive that place gives no power at all. If place can give
power. 1 can only say that I never saw it do so. Many men
are led astray by this false construction of power. They
ought not to buffer themselves to be so for the sake of mere
office, by the notion that they are making a sacrifice to am-
bition. How they deceive themselves ! Arinbitiun, in my
sense of the word, is the love of solid, substantial, and inde-
pendent power. I know of none Who have so ,little power
as the Ministers of this country. Something was said by
neyworthy friend, of-my being a party man. I know of no way,
at least I have never been able to discover any way, in which
an honest man can effectually-serve his hentotry, but by cur.
dialler and strenuously uniting himtelf to some great paity. I
sm not now speaking is a„ party mane The life-of a Minister
of, this country is not. one of power, but of base trickling,
and paltry . compromise. Ile must do so much for one man
to secure his co-operation, twice as much for another, and to a I
third he mustpromise esery thing. To one individual he must
promise all he asks. 11 this man 'holdb up his little finger,
he will get any thing. His language is, go a little my way
to-day, I will go one -hundred and fifty miles with you to.
Morrow ; only, go a little of the way with me, and I will gain
the rest with yoke only mice, and foi this day let me go all
this highway of my oven,' and all the other days of the year
I *Will go with you 'into all your dirty' tricks. This is what
they call power, and having the command of other men. The
Minister is like the poor deluded man who embraced a cloud,
And teokit for s goddess_ but the Minister had not even the
excuse of a cloud for his folly, he embraced *mere suggestion,
saying to it; " be thou my. god—power -be thou my god, and
conipronsise, be thou my glory. I therefore !levy that he should
beinalled.in ambitious man .who seeks place and calls it pewer,
_best' that he is the ambitious man who boldly places himself ire
a satiation which enables him to back his country- in her-need.
1e will not .say -that -the placeinan. neeskei power, for money,
thoggle:ltorne• certainly-do—they are not ninny, howerer. , But
be does so for patrbnage--thar is, the pleasure of having his
table _crowded with petitions from. aniterseece make one man
-emsetateful, and twenty -discontented! To have his door
,blockaded with hungry: applicants, and his time consuined in
the service of those on whom 'he depends for the carrying
AI/ough his measures:. - This- inpatronage, and more sacrifices
Asa th,e.Lhav-hinted at must 1K made for power.Jciz it is
_who enjoys the purest ainbition, aria HE enjoys power,—not
less senceesful because it has limits,—and secure -because he
newer exceeds the wishes of his constituents. I return my
grateful thanks for the honour you hare done me this day. I

consider this Meeting as beyond all example (and I have Kea
many), hut this is the most astonishing. assemblage of intelli-
gent individuals I ever witnessed. It is astoriitiliing to' me
past words to express. Buteqth ! how dearly itm.l repaid•for
my humble exertions, when ,I see in it such aeepresent!ition,
and such a display of liberal and enlightened opinionssi the
inhabitants of this Country, and when I consider that it por-
tends to that country such a blessed and happy consummation
of their fondest wishes—l propose as a toast, " Lasting prospe-
rity to the City of Edinburgh."
Mr. Haneinunerost rose to propose Catholic Emancipation,
in doing which he adverted to the splendid efforts made in the
cause by their illustrious guest; and that there was now a pre-
sage of a sure and not a distant victory. 'There was little doubt
thattit would pass 'the-Commons; but-- wharits fate-would be
in the Lords they must wait to see. That Hotlse.etas opposed
to all concession, hut, at the won't, the big wigs-might-fall on
to the other heads; ifthey did not alter their opinion, at all
events they would see a House divided against itself. The cry
of " No Popery !" was almost expired ; now and then a scrag,
gling petition was presented,—from Cambridge of course :—so
also, froni Oxford, froM Bath, and Wells, and from the ladles
and gentleman at the Pump-room, of whom lie did not mead:
to speak with undue levity. The Protestant Church, he
feared, was tea) grasping and selfien Mr. Halliburton pro-
posed, " The puke of Norfolk, and Catholic Emancipation.",
Mr. JEFFREY said, that after what they hid heard from the
eloquent speakers that had preceded him, what, he had to offer
would not be heard with patience.—(Hear !)—The distinguished
individual he meant to propose, was a countryman, who, had
he been present, would have filled a secondary situation, al-
though they all must acknowledge it would have been conde-
scension on his part to have accepted of the first—a station he
had occupied when with them not long ago. He did mean to
allude to Sir J. Mackintosh—(cheers)—both as a distinguished
statesman and a tried friend. Mr. Jeffrey, at some length, and
with his peculiar force and eloquence, which brought most
strikingly into 'view the private virtues and public talents of Sir
James Mackintosh, concluded,: by giving the " health of that
eminent Statesman," which was followed by Mud cheering.
Mr. A. Scoria In the absence of the distinguished indivi-
dual whose health. had been just drank, had to propose the
advancement of- education. Mr. S. entered into a detail of the
benefits conferred on the country by their distinguished guest,
whose exertion had inculcated the soundest principles: into
the minds of the lower orders, instead of indulging their animal
appetites. Mr. Scott gave " The trlvancement of Education in
all ranks," which excited considerable applause.
The Cnainatax rose to propose the health of the Lord Pro-
vost and Magistrates of the City of Edinburgh, which lie did
in terms raost flattering, that body who, he said, had voted
the freedom of the city to their distinguished guest. There
was a better system, he was happy to say, prevailing in that
body, and he had the pleasure to state, that, among the host
that gathered to meet Mr. Brougham, the first man to shake
him by the hands, when he got out of Lis carriage, was the
Lord Provost.—(Much applause.)—The Learned Gentleman,
in alluding to the cause of Burgh Reform, said it had received
a.greater blow from the liberal conduct of the present Chief
Magistrate, than all the Magistracy of Scotland could have in-
flicted. The Learned Gentleman proposed " The Lord Prevost
and Magistrates of Edinburgh, and may they long make so
liberal a use of the patronage they possess." The toast was
received with very great applause.
The Citaineseast shortly, but impressively gave " the im-
mortal memory of Charles James Fox," which was drank in
silence.—Air, Here's to him that's awa'.'
Mr. J. A. 9 MURRAY would dravfoff the feelings of the com-
pany from, what was so dear to them. The Learned Gentle-
man took a comparative view of the established churches of
England and Scotland, in an eloquent speech, which we regret
we are, through want of time, obliged to omit. The Learned
Gentleman gave " Sir H. Moncrieff, and the independence of
the Church of Scotland," which was received with the roost
rapturous acclamations.
Sir H. Mostcuirrr expressed his gra.eful thanks for the
manner in which his health had been drank ; and was proud to
say,•that lie was a Whig of 1681, without caring for the novel..
ties that had been ingrafted. " The principles of the Revolu-
tion of 1683, which had been the cause of the prosperity the
country now enjoys."
Mr. A. BLACK rose to propose, that they should drink Par-
liamentary Reform, and proceeded to detail the grievances'he
contended the country had to complain of; in doing which, he
touched on topics which some of the company seemed to think
irrelevant to the purpose, whose symptoms of impatience occa-
sioned Mr. Black rather hastily to propose " Parliamentary
Reform."—(Applause.)
The Hon- Mr. 5: CURT, after briefly paying a just tribute
to the integrity and honour of the Gentlemen of the Bar, pro-
posed The Members of the Faculty of Advocates."
The-CHAI AJAX stated that his friend, the bean and Faculty,
had come from the country for the purpose of attending the
Meeting, but he was sorry to say he had been suddenly and
severely taken ill; and from no other cause would lie have been
absent.

Mr. Binounitaat, in the absence of Mr. Cranstoun, after a
brief impressive address, gave " The memory of Francis Hon.
nen" which was drank in solemn silence.
The CireareataN gave, " The University of Edinburgh."
Profess& .LESLIE rose to return thanks, and addressed the
Chair for some time, but being inaudible at a distance, much
impatience was expressed, and we therefore have to regret that
we cannot give even an outline of the Learned Gent.'s speech.
The CHAIRMAN rose, and requested that he might be al-
lowed to exert a little official authority. If there were any pre-
sent who were tired of the meeting, th ty might retire ; and
those who were not, he begged would be as anent as possible.
In so large a room there were doubtless some who, from being
unaccustomed to speak in public, had a difficulty in audibly
expressing themselves. There might be individuals present
who could not be aware of the difficul-y of preservng order in
so large a meeting, and he called upon the Stewards to exert
themselves for that purpose.
Mr..YERGIISSON, of Raith, aftur what had been said from
the Chair, trusted that whet he had to offer would be heard
with patience. Alluding to the crowd d meeeng, he doubted
not, that had that Hall le-en twize as large, it would have been
filled. In the toast he had to pro i one, whets he nulled Mr.
Cockburn, he was confident it would be received enthu-
siasm. In his private life he was all that was amiable and de-
lightful, and in his public character he was all that was inde-
pendent, high-mind ,d, and eloquent ; and it must be to him the
highest gratification to meet his old conteinporary in such a re-
spectable and numerous meeting. Without, therefore, detain-
ing them longer, he should propose, " The health f Henry
Conliburn," which was drank with unbounded applause.
The exam:Teen in returning thanks for the manner in
which his health had been received, ascribed it more
.to the
kin.lness of the Meeting, than to any merit of his own ; and he
thought the shortest and best way for him to adapt, was by
getting out of the subject as soon as possible, by getting into
another, which he should do by proposing the health of the
Gellant and Noble Earl of Rooslen.—( Applauvn)—The
Learned Gentleman paid a warm tribute to the merits of the
Noble Lord, in whose public life, he said, there was no quest:on
he had not speedily and firmly met, nor was there a friend he
had ever deserted. Distance alone bad prevented hint being
present that day, but his heart and'viiehes were with them.
Although his profession and habits were military, still lie met
every subject that engaged his attention with an intelligence
that seemed as if it had been his particular study. He is, -of
.others, that one of the Scottish Nobility who brought most *eel
and independence into action in die service of his country.—
The Learned Chairman concluded, by giving " the health of
the Earl ofßosslyn," which was drank amidst loud applause.
Mr. FERGUSSON, of Raida; said he had that day received a
letter from Lord Loughborough, stating that he was prevented
by indisposition from attending the Meeting. but he (Mr. F.)
was certain that nothing would give him greater pleasure than
the manner in which the health of his Noble father had been
received.
Mr. J. GinsiaN CRAIG took the liberty of congretulati
Mr. Brougham on being received by a meeting. the largest
that had ever assembled on such an occasion, it having been
impossible to find accommadation for the hundreds who
bad been excluded. Bail it been to receive a Minister of
the Crown, ample accommodation would have been found.
Their Honourable Guest had not basked in the sunshine of Court
.favour,but had, during his long political life, been engaged in de-
lending the liberties of his country. The people had few honours
to bestow, little beyond their applause,whieleMr. Brougham had
earned,. Mr. Brougham was now acknowledged, by the unani,
mous conseut of all parties, as. the leader of the opposition in the
Conunons House of Parliament, and wt;11 deserving he was of
being the successor of the immortal Charles James Fox. With-
out detaining them longer, lie should prop se `• the health of
Mr. Brougham, and may the Commons Rouse of Parliament
.ever have such. a leader." .
Mr, BROUGUABI returned thanks. He was• not
swans
the Opposition acknoWledged any earthly. leader. They
•ollewere possessed of a good principle, by which they were.
boldetogether. What a leader meant he did not understand,
.
.unless WAS. one whose duty it was to counsel. and advise
.111111 own _p-wty ; and painful duty it was on many ac.
aiounts. „Be 1434 sometimes had to reproach his .party with
slageishnese-ntioroetimes, with being tan forward but this
he w"l4- . that they were never ,sluggish,--never
found. !wantingn when an attack was to be made on the li-
berlieg °lthe -Pen*. His principles were those which led
to the .:Ilevolutiren. The Learned Geatleman, in
,allueion is
thealleged desire the Whine had for getting into power, sad,
they might have dimes() if they had been lees scrupulous of the
tennis on which they would aceept.of it. Ile, with much I,u-
-rnour, alluded to the situation of parties in 1307, as to the
Catholic Question, when the Whigs were in the Administra-
tion; his late Majesty was willing to keep them in, and the
present King was their warm friend. The former observed,

that his son was in ravouf,ottly:r4oolic claim —let him
have his time out--oweit -.a year, Oh twee".:lteid then they might
have it their 'own.' wig e and,fhere-,e were sortie who thouglit.
there was nothing ointreasoinalft sti. that. e But his pertye:--and:
he, for one, thinight ory-tivere:righL.--.4Aitl it was unconstitu-
tional to tie up their hands,!lf tkrlieelmth' outcry waslaitted
—it would be borritile:-ie woUld•ba indecent—it would be lee.
ruin of the English 'Church if eves. an Irish Ensign:Came over,.
and God knovetie whaVeeoikld be theeettiVerf.it. But an "odd
change took plate ; for, in OM the.•same men brought in a
Bill similar to the measure thiey formerly deprecated, which
passed both Houses of Parliament, sub siknao, and now
formed part of the statute- ire of the land ; and now an
Irish Ensign serving in England causes no sort of uneasiness.
In 1812, when a lamentable accident happened to Mre Per-
cival, his party were again invited to accept-of office, and all
but a carte blonehe was offered them. But the King Wished
to have the nomination to ceetairraifficese such a* the Lord
of the lied-chamber, and '(but he .was not very 'conversant
with offices or their names) Stewart) of the Household. The
Whigs demurred to any shell teemil and, estrange to say,
many who applauded 'their tondutt: thene. thought they were
too stern and self-denying now., )legs for one, thought them
right; bat he noticed these instanees merely to skew, ' that if
the Whigs were at all apt to be for Ward, it riffs not in running
into place. The Learned Gentlemanoulverted to the Catholic
Association, which had uttered. to. Members a really way to get
out of the Catholic Queetionoebut it Was. most
.singulae, that
not one had flinched front hie duty during the whole Session ;
-the -history of the world, did,not aftbril. such an. instance of
public spirit, aeel-neeer tlid the Oppeeitien stand on higher
ground. The powers of elequence displayed during the four
nights'discussion of the .question, hadeneeer been exceeded,
and had had.the effect of subduing the prejudices entertained
by many of their constituents. Sonic Members had occa-
sionally complained to hint that they were afraid to do so
and so on particular questions. To them his advice had always
been,—try to do your duty, and your reasons niay prevail over
the prejudices of your constituents; seconde, do it because it
is your duty; and they had now an instance, in the happy re-
sults of those four nights' discetssion, of how well reason,
duty, and interest coincide. He - was ' an old school-master,
and one of his pupils, the Chancellor,. of the Exchequer, in
whom he felt an interest, had undergone a great and whole-
some change in some of .his opinions.. The -opinion formerly
expressed by him, that there-was a -necessity for keeping up
useless establishments, was a horrible—to use the lan.
gttage of the Church—a.-damnable doctrine; yet, if it were
asked who was the 'meat liberal and enlightened man in the
House of Commons, the reply would be the Chancellor of the
Exchequer? Now, as one proof of the change of the times,
had any one, three years ago, suggested in the House any one
of his pupil's modern measures, the proposer would have been
assailed with the cry from every quarter of visionary, theorist,
speculatist ; and he would have been happy if he had escaped
the reproach of loing a Jacobin ; but now the very same ma-
jority which would have scouted all such measures with a tem-
pest of indignation, or is torrent of those fine words, " vision-
ary, theorist, Jacobin," and so forth, now laud his pupil to
the skies for introducing them. -Being a \Vhig of the old
school, be could assure them, that it was their bounden duty
to graft upon their old stock the liberal and enlightened
policy of the present day, which Lord Chathani would do if he
were alive, and which Charles Fox, who carried popular doe-
trines higher, because he lived later, and- had the benefit of
more experience, and who, beyond tedoubt, had a still greater
genius than Chatham, would,' if now living, have devoted his
whole energies to accomplish. A Whig was not a Republican,
because the consummation of all Republics:was military des-
potism ; hut considered a moderate-and limited Monarchy as
the best.for the people. In conclusion,.the.llon. and Learned
Gentleman recommended, that they should endeavour to obtain
a steady and uniform Reform in Parliament, and proposed,
"Tits healths of the Dukde.of Hamilton and Argyle, and the
Whigs of Scotland."—(:Much eppleuse.)
Mr. R. B. Bter.rtt said, that it required no laboured pane-
gyric from him in proposing the toast lie was about to give, nor
should ho presume long to interrupt those bursts of eloquence
they had that night heard. Mr. Blyth warmly eulogized the
public conduct of Mr. Abercromby, and particularly called the
attention of the Meeting to his exertions to obtain a free Repre•
sentation fir this City, by which he had succeeded in obtaining
the support of a considerable body in. the flottee of Commons.
--(cbeers)--meee than their most sanguine friend e expected,
giving them the prospect of- ultimate victory ; and he trusted
they would still persevere till they obtained their object.. Mr.
Blyth gave "..The lion. James Abercromby, and success to
his exertions to , obtain a free Represetitatiens Or this City in
Parliament."
Mr. J. MoNcettrir said, the observation's he had to make
related to a subject that he knew was close attire heart of their
Honourable Friend, who had that day delighted them
with his 'elnquence,. and Whose exertions had been the
means of conveying the'llighte of knowledge into .the lowest
cottage. The subject .Was :deeply wounding, and, calculated
to excite the keenest sense oflionenr and duty. 'There were
eight or nine hundred 'theutiatitl being*, .who niight be consi-
dered as eubjeCts'of this country; who were groanlog.lll'a state
of personal bondage in the very depths of ignoeance, and moral
darkness. Nine hundred and ninety-nine out of every thcu-
sand in the kingdom had made up the minds on this subject
years ago, and measures had since been carrying on to wipe
away the stain. Nineteen years ago, the AffiOn Slave Trade
had been abolished ; Mr. Wilberforce had ler,g. Ltboured for
that object, but it way reserved for Mr. Fox to accomplish it.
It was imposeible to name this subject without- alluding to
Mr. Wilherforce—(applause)--and however he might differ
from that statesman on other subjects, no liberal man could
deny to him the merit of forty years' exertions. Their Ho-
nourable Friend now here had given it his powerful aid,
though not at the time in Parliament ' • and he ( Moncrieff)
now trusted that the traffic will speedily be totally suppressed,
for the people of England, Scotland, and Ireland, will not be
satisfied with any thing short of it. The sentiments of the
Secretary for Foreign Affairs were not satisfactory on the sub-
ject, he having said, that were the question put to bins, if im-
mediate emancipation should be granted, or perpetual slavery
be continued, he did not know hut he should choose the
latter. This had excited hia astonishment. Ile (\lr. M.) was
avowedly for complete emancipation. The slave is abso-
lutely, extinguished as a sentient, a reflecting, or an immor-
tal being—he is like the spade or the hoe be uses, and is in
the will and keeping of another man—he is his goods, his
money, his property—he may he beaten for pastime, or
trodden under the feet of the miscreant who is over him. They
had been told that the slaves were well treated, clothed, acid fed,
better than was to be seen among the peasants in England, or in
the cabins in Ireland; but this was the evidence of persons in-
terested in the continuance of slavery. The slaves felt their de-
gradation ; they felt, like all the sons of Adam, the love of liberty
—a chord that vibrates to its keenest note. It was said they were
anxious to give them instruction, but it was only the education
of slaves, calculated to reconcile them to slavery. Instruc-
tion will in the end putdown slavery. It. must not be thought
that he did not feel for thoie who might be in danger from sud-
den emancipation, -but that was the very nature of the thing.—
He wished for gradual emancipation, but it must be determin-
ed. It was for the masters to consider whether they would at
once safely grant emancipation to the slaves, or wait till their
liberty- was forced upon them by opposite conduct. The Learn-
ed Gentelnian, in concluding an animated speech, said, it was
not the abolition of slavery in the West Indies alone that was
desired, but wherever it existed.—" .The Abolition of African
Slavery" was then drank with loud applause.
Mr. J. Ts GIBSOK- CRAIG- rtlie to propoee the health of one
who had done much -for. the honour of Scotland and the cause ;
and when he rafitioned be bathe of Dugald Stewart, he was
sure the 31 eeting would agree with him.—(Applause.)—Atthat late hour, and after the eloquent speeches they had heard,
he should sot detain them longer, but merely propose " The
health of Dugald Stuart, with all the honours, which was drank
accordingly.
Lord G LEX OTICITY, after some well merited complimentary
observations, proposed " The health of Mr. Haliburton, the
Vice-President."
Mr. 11 A L TON returned his cordial thanks for the
honour done bins. After sonic pertinent observations on what
had been eloquently stated that night, and the instructions
conveyed by the, developement. of principles, the Vice-Presi-
dent said, the Hon. Member for Winchelsea (Mr. Brougham)
whom he then wished to allude to as such, had only been pre-
, vented by a small minsrity from being elected for Westmor-
, land, and he should like to hear from his Honourable Friend
some of the secrets attending that election. lie had been op-
! posed by a noble. family of great wealth. Of the private cha-
racter of the head of that family be should be the last to speak
with disrespect. That person was a monopoliser of coals and
Members of Parliament—ship loads of the former he sent to
Ireland, and cart loads of the latter to St. Stephen's. The
people of Dublin; at one time, had to regulate the heatinoarr
cooling -of their fingers by his Lordship's thermometer ; t
the People .of Westmorland had to submit to be represented
p eop 1 e of
just as he chose. The people of Dublin had been nnad%ie of
pendent of. him by the discovery of native coal; and t
aWreepstrniesoernalatinited. lonfigtillietirsouwrenlycidioisocsoinvegr.
snla.tiimierelinotnet.aol ecnnotiuegniliafno,rs
speech occasioned considerable laughter by the Y
oarniet:e:rtin°feno:
he made to circumstances attending Mr. Brougham e c
‘Vestenorlend, and sat down amidst much airp,lel
" Tne.ladeperdent Electees.of that County'
Me. Bnotroefeem, as the onlylite humour, en.
thanks. - The Learned Gentleman, use, after giving
tered on the county. politics . of Weeteriorl ,
xactly explain but
ties; what ehev meant 14. it lie. could not
lieere was ' • •
which were in the habit of comparing' it with the beots court..
larity between them. What ditferen
certainly entertain the idea theaet tthey
sawabgerteptsninant;
English and a Scotch county he could not say; perhaps it Was,

that the English ones' lay South, and the Scotch North ; but so
it was, that the Westmorland folks have the above joke. The
Honourable Gentleman then alluded to the ungallant conduct
of the Meeting, in never having hinted that there were two
sexes. which neither Whig nor •'Tory ought to forget, and
which.he had thonght proper to bring to their recollection, as it
was:better late.than never. The Lady he meant to give was
one of the best and truest of Scotswona en— the Duchess of
Medford—(Applause)—one of whose sons (Lord C. Russell)
then sat.. beside hind—(Loud applause) —a young branch of a
house that had done more by their blood for the liberties of the
country than it could ever re-pp.—Mr.-B. then gave " The
Duchess of Bedford, and the fair .Ladies of Scotland. "—(Very
great applause.).
. Lord CIiAItLES RUSSELL returned thanks in very appro-
priate tersits,r and was much applauded.
?Major Lc.nru HAY then rose, and with much feeling ad-
verted-to the state of South America, ivhich• he knew he had
only to mention to fixcite the enthusiasm of the Meeting.—
(Applause.),---Ile spoke in indignant terms of the conduct of
Ferdinand, Whonnhe described as a reptile that never chewed
itself but to sting, and in the warmest terms eulogised the pa.
triotism and valour of Bolivar—the glories that encircle whose
name, he said, must be admired by a party of freemen.—
" Bolivar, and the Liberties of South America."--(Drank with
much applause.)
Sir A. M. Ginsoer gave—" Greece, and the full establish-
ment of her Independence."—(Applause.)
Mr. HA L LIBIJ RTON observed, that it was three hours since
they had heard the speech of Mr. Jeffrey, on which it would
be unbecoming in bins to say more, or to enlarge on those
qualities that entitled him to their. esteem ; he should, there-
fore give. " The health of Mr. Jeffrey."—(Drank with great
applause.)
Mr. 'JZITFUEY said, at that late hour it was unnecessary to
trouble the Meeting with any thing about a being so insignifi-
cant as himself—(A laugh)—and, for more reasons than one,
he could have wished this toast had been Omitted. In had been
quite a triumph to witness the proceedings of that evening ; no
honours of his own could have been half so gratifying; and,
from the reception his Hon. Friend had met with, he (Mr. .1.)
regarded the present as the happiest day of his life. The
Learned Gentleman then passed from the Old to the New
Hemisphere, and entered on a review of the life and political
conduct of the • Marquis La Fayette, and dwelt with peculiar
animation upon the glorious changes which that illustrious in-
dividual had lived to see matured. Nothing could be more
gratifying than his progress through the United States. The
Learned Oentlernan.concluded an eloquent speech, by giving
" The Marquis La Fayette, and the Friends of Liberty in
France."—(Applause.)
Dr. Macnaoasr, after an eulogium on the professional ta-
lents of Mr. Sergeant Lens, Mr. Denman, Mr. Scarlett, and
other Gentlemen of the English Bar, gave " Mr. Sergeant
Lens, and the independence of the English Bar."—(Applause )
• Mr. Joss CRAM anticipated the most enthusiastic ap-
plaume, when he mentioned, that the toast he meant to propose
was " The health of Mr. Joseph Hume."—( Long continued
applause.) That Honourable Gentleman had entered late into
public life ; but by perseverance and a straight forward course,
he had attained the proud elevation where he was now placed,
notwithstanding the derision and obloquy he had suffered, as
the country would never suffer such a man to be put down.-
11 Craig dwelt at some length on the benefits Mr. Ilume had
conferred on the country by checking the expenditure, and al-
luded to the perverse use which had been-made of the -repeal.
of the Combination Laws. In conclusion, he proposed his
health, with all the honours.
Mr. JonN CtrNNIWGSIASIR took a brief view of the poli-
tical situation of the United States; and in doing set, dis-
claimed all intention to draw an inference against the Govern-
ment under which we lived ; but he maintained, that the
United States ought to be held up to all other countries as a
model how a well-ordered Government can be conducted. Mr.
Cunningharne gave " The President of the United States."—
( Applause.)
The C1iA11131434, at half-past one o'clock, having intimated
to the Meeting the propriety of their drinking good night, as
Mr. Brougham had, just before their assembling, completed
a very fatiguing journey, and had to undertake another in the
course of a few nights,
Mr. Buono tax rose to observe, that it was very hard the
Chairman should lay upon him the blame of dissolving .so
excellent a Meeting. He must certainly have supposed the
stamina. of his constitution- to have been relaxed since he
left Edinburgh, by residing in a more effeminate climate.
He could assure him he was quite mistaken. Ile had only
been up all one night, and the half of another ; but two
nights sitting up he valued as. nothing. When in Edinburgh
formerly, four o'clock, and not one, was his usual hour of
going to-bed.—(Much laughter.)—The truth was, the Chair-
man had exhausted his stock of toasts ; and was obliged to re-
sort to this expedient. lint now that he was upon his legs (to
use a phrase common in another House). lie would try to
supply the want ; in doing which, he would have to pronounce
a name, which never was uttered in that same house but with
praise of the thing it signified; and then some dire mischief
was sure to ensue to that same thing—he meant " The Liberty
of the Press."—(Applause.)—Whenever he heard that Liberty
vehemently praised by Crown Lawyers or others in the House
alluded to, then there Was a moral certainty that some good
stiff statute was forthcoming to shackle it. This Meeting,
however, he was persuaded, would drink the toast with perfect
sincerity.—(Much applause.) - '
The Chairman and Mr. Brougham then retired ; and the
Meeting immediately separated. This was at two o'clock on
Wednesdaf morning.
