..00ttr." So, upon being asked whett
ever tried, or had ever known tried, the experiment 0
allowing sixpence a day to the slave for his I ibnur, his
reply Was, "No ; he had never known it tried." All
these things proved nothing to show that the negroes would
not work with wages. It had been said that they appeared
lost in stupor, that every spring of exertion or hope
seemed to be extinct, and that they were abject, servile,
and brutish. The Hon. Gentleman proceeded to slow
that, when placed in a state of slavery, the Christians be-
came equally degraded in feeling, and that, while the
Christians reviled the blacks as an inferior race, they in
their turn regarded the Europeans and other Christians in
the light of a depraved race of beings, and that the Mite-
mimeo held us in the greatest degree of contempt. The
Hon. Gentleman concluded his remarks by moving as an
amendment that instead of the words " June, 1840," there
be inserted the words " June, 1836."
Mr. HARDY thought the period proposed by the Hon.
Member for Weymouth to be so safe and judicious, while
it was sufficient, that he would support the amendment
proposed by the Hon. Gentleman ; and he would ask
whether, if the amendment were adopted, the master
would not be amply and, indeed, over remunerated ? He
admitted that the proposal made by the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman in the morning to reduce the period of apprentice-
ship from twelve to seven years was a very handsome one,
but also one which the West India proprietors ought to
look upon as an act of good generalship, for it was evi-
dently adopted to prevent a much shorter period than that
from being proposed on the other side.
Loud ALTIIORP said that the propoisition of the Hon.
Member for Weymouth was only for a period of two
years. Now if his Hon. Friend's principles were correct,
and if he actel up to them, that period was much too
long. But in his opinion caution was necessary until
they had evidence that the slaves would work generally,
and therefore the apprenticeship was a necessary state
through which they should first pass. Now lie thought
that if the period of that state was reduced to two years
it would be totally inefficient for its purpose, and a de-
struction of the apprenticeship altogether. He should
consider that the adoption of the motion was a decision
against the principle on which the measure had all along
been founded, and he hoped, therefore, that the House
would refuse to pass it.
Dr. LUSHINGTON said that it was with deep pain
he felt himself bound to differ from all the principles
and propositions which had been laid down by his
Noble Friend. He characterised the course of the
Government upon this question as one of miserable
inconsistency, and as a departure front all the prin-
ciples of justice. He denied that the principle
of apprenticeship had been justified by any thing
which could be dignified with the title of a shadow
of an argument. It was but a bad • sign of the sincerity
of their repentance that, while they confessed the enormity
of their former sin, they declared themselves ready to con-
tinue in the same course a little further, upon the misera-
ble pretext of expediency. That was a doctrine which he
would never admit ; for, however he was attached to his
Majesty's Ministers, he was more attached to the eternal
principles of right and justice, and never would depart
from that road for the paths which must be followed if
they only pursued that which was expedient. The Hon.
and Learned Member then proceeded to argue against the
right of the Home to exact the labour of the negro with-
out paying him his hire, and contended that, for no pe-
riod, however short, were they justified in withholding
from him his lilierty, as this which they called an appren-
ticeship would do. If, however, he could not get rid of
the apprenticeship altogether, he would reduce it to the
shortest possible time, and on that ground should vote for
the proposition of his Hon. Friend, which reduced it to
two years. If the period of seven years should he adopted,
his Lo; e and trust was that the state in which all parties
would be placed would be found such as to induce its
voluntary abandonment.
Mr. WARD said that, considering the professions of
attachment to his Majesty's Government made by the
Honourable and Learned Civilian, he must say that some
of the expressions in the early part of his speech proved
that his Majesty's Ministers were most unfortunate in
their friends.---(A laugh.) He thought the language which
bad been applied was not such as properly belonged to a
measure which had conciliated more general satisfaction--
(01)—than any other measure which the Government
had brought forward.—(Hear, and a laugh.) He should
vote for the apprenticeship clause with the reduced period,
as being a part of the principle which the House had al-
ready adopted.
Lord MORPETH said that having voted on the pre-
vious night with his Hon. Friend the Member for Wey-
mouth he was anxious to state why he should take a dif-
ferent course on the present occasion. When he saw his
Majesty's Government coming forward, equally discreetly
and liberally, to reduce the period of apprenticeship from
twelve years to seven, in deference to the opinion expressed
by the House, he would rather consent to that limited pe-
riod than risk having the measure thrown into other hands,
or the losing it altogether for another session, not know-
ing how it would be resumed, or how all its difficult and
delicate relations, and all its beneficial and mighty conse-
quences, were hereafter to be disposed of and secured. For
these reason., however reluctantly be saw this restraint
continued upon upon the liberty of the negro, he should
support the proposition of the Government.
Colonel TORRENS said that in many cases abstract
principles met often he modified in practice, and this
was one of them. In Barbadoes labour might be obtained
for wages; but in Jamaica and Trinidad, Berbice and
Demerara, where there was an abundance of land and a thin
populati,,n, the negroes would go to the woods and be-
come squatters, and the cultivation of the soil would not
be carried on beyond their immediate wants. He was
astonished to hear the Hon. and Learned Civilian stand-
ing forward now upon these extreme grounds of princi-
ple, after he had suffered the resolutions of the House,
including this plan of apprenticeship, to go forth without
his opposition.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM epposed the apprenticeship,
especially because the plan included no arrangement for
the improvement of the mind and morals of the negro.
Mr. PEASE was determined, by voting for the shorter
term to support the cause of the negroes, in opposition to
every interest engaged in the settlement of the question.
Admiral FLEMING would not support the propo-
sition of the Hon. Member for Weymouth, because be
was confident it would prove more injurious to the real
interests of the slaves than the arrangements which the
Bill detailed.
Mr. STRI CKLAND felt himself b mod in consistency
to the principles he had always advocated to give his sup-
port to the Hon. Member for Weymouth, and expressed a
hope that Ministers would be content with the pecuniary
sacrifice they proposed making, and carry the emancipa-
tion without further consulting the interests of the
planters. The public voice called for immediate emanci-
pation, and as the people had in a spirit of generosity of-
fered no opposition to the granting of so large a sum of
money as twenty millions, with a view to the attainment
of that object, he earnestly recommended Ministers not to
intervene between the people and their wishes, by any fur-
ther foolish or extravagant regard to the interests of a few
Mr. WASON thought the country was remunerating
the planters most munificently by the grant of twenty mil-
lions, and would therefore allow no consideration of their
claims to the labour of their slaves for a limited period to
interfere in delaying the great measure of abolition. With
a view of conciliating both parties he would gladly support
a proposition for limiting the term of apprenticeships to,
seven yeat s.

'et. he ha,

After some oloervatiens from Mr. O'CONNELL, stran-
gers were ordered to withdraw for a division, on which
the numbers were—
For the original motion
Against it 69
Majority -117
On the question that the clause, as amended, should
stand part of the Bill,
Mr. HALCOI.IB, amid great confusion, moved the ad-
ditii n of words to make it lawful for every apprenticed
labourer beyond the age of nineteen years, at any time be•
fore June, 1841, to put an end to the period of his or their
apprenticeship, on giving notice in writing to the planter
of such intention, such notice to vary according to the age
of the slave applying, namely, every slave between the ages
of nineteen and thirty to give two years ; between the
ages of thirty and forty, eighteen months; and above the
age of forty, one year's notice.

Mr. STANLEY thought the amendment of the Hon.
Member spoke sufficiently for itself.—( Hear, and a laugh.)
Strangers were ordered to withdraw for a division, but
none took place, the Hoo. Member having consented to
withdraw his amendment.

The clause, as amended, was then ordered to stand part
of the Bill.

The CHAIRMAN put the seventh clause, relating to
the term of the apprenticeship of predial slaves, the expi-
ration being on June 1, 1738.
Lord HOWICK said that having already intimated his
opinion on this clause he should not argue the case now.
As the Right Hon. Gentlrman had acknowledged that the
non-predial slaves were in a fit state to receive their free-
dom, he (Lord Howiek) thought it unjust to keep them in
a state of slavery. He hhould therefore move, by way of
amendment, that the term of their slavery should expire
in two months.
After a few words from Mr. P. STEWART, Mr. Si.AN
