PARIS, SATURDAY, OCT. 16.

(PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
The assemblages of people in the rauxbourgs and
about the Luxembourg are resolutely kept under by the
exertions of the police and the National Guard. The
near approach of the time for the transfer of the Ex.
Mini,ters from Vincennes to the latter palace, and the re-
ports of their being absolutely incarcerated within its
walls, had began to arouse all the worst feelings of the
populace, for some time past in a state of morbid ;trite-
.

into a very ominous appearance of a dreadful explo-
sion. The extraordinary precautions which have been
combined, will, however, it is to be hoped, ward off an
evil which, in the present position of affairs, would be of
most imminent peril to the eventful consolidation of the
actual Government. I remark with pain, however, a
disposition in the National Guard quite at variance with
that of their venerable Commander : there is little doubt
that, should any leaning to mercy be evinced in the trial
of the Polignac Ministry, the Guard will be so far from
interfering between their prisoners, and an infuriated
mob demanding their execution, that, if they act up
to their individual and united resolutions, they
themselves are most likely to lead the attaek..—.
This resolve, this inexorableness to the calls for mercy, has
been too often reiterated to leave any doubt of the fact.
It is altogether remarkable, that the Parisians, in all other
re.peets nmuWed with such docility by the Press, are on
this question absolutely in rebellion against their teachers;
for the Journals, almost without exception, of all shades
of opinion, behave upon this painful subject with an ex-
emplary moderation.
_ _

.
'he affairs of Spain do not march with the rapidity
contemplated. We have letters from Bayonne and Per-
pignan, of the which, far from announcing the advance
movement so positively determined on, fill us with un-
easiness at the reported causes of the delay. Accounts
are in circulation of the recommencement of those party
disputes--of those contentions, abstird at all times, but
criminal at a moment when, not their own lives only, but
the great cause of Spain is at stake. In the mean time
Ferdinand is not idle; the horrible decree, ordering the in-
stant execution of all the emigrants entrring Spain with
arms in their hands, and of all those who aid and abet
them, is calculated to thin their tanks and diminish their
resources for their projected invasion. The leaders them-
selves are, however, no ways daunted by it, for it is clear
they must have well calculated the fate of an unsuccessful
insurrection before they set their lives upon the cast of
the die.

There is a good deal of interest attached at this moment
to a note, said to have been addressed on Thursday last
to Lord Stuart de Rotbsay, the English Ambassador, to
Count Mole, setting forth that England was bound in a
treaty of alliance, offensive and defensive, concluded with
Ferdinand in Igls, by Lord Castlereagh, by which the
King of Spain is guaranteed in the possession of his do-
minions, upon the status quo principle ; that he hat de-
manded of the British Cabinet the fulfilment of its obli-
gations, announcing the armament and proximate invasion
of his kingdom by a force which is daily organising fur
that purpose on his frontiers, and within the territory of
France, and that the British' Government in conse-
quence of, and in accordance with, its engagements,
requests the French Minister that the corps of
troops which are hanging upon ►he Spanish herders may
be retired and disarmed, unless the French Cabinet itself
Contemplated an Inutile aggression against its neighbour,
which the Ambusailor was convinced was impossible. The
Austrian Envoy or Charge d'Affaires forwarded a note to
the French Minister of a similar tendency, and with a si-
milar demand. Orders have, it is said, in consequence,
been desp ►tched to the Sous Prefect of Bayonne, to pro-
ceed rigorously to the disarming and despatching into the
interior of all the Constitutional force now assembled on the
line of the Pyrenees. But we may reasonably conclude
that, as the force of the Spaniards concentrated in that
quarter cannot he short of four or five thousand men,.and

the Sous Prefect has not probably half as many hundreds
at his disposal, he will be unable to execute the
mandate, and will be obliged to refer to his Government
for a reinforcement. This will afford the emigrant force
a seasonable delay of fifteen or twenty days, in the which
they may, and Inuit, resolve their final measures. There
is therefore no chance of much longer delay. In the
meantime the Committee directing here have despatched
to Minx one million of francs, in hard dollars • and, as
there lies been a great scarcity of money and means
amongst the patriots lately, through the utter impossibility
of discounting, at Bayonne and Bourdeaux, the credits
upon Paris with which they had been furnished, of the
most undeniable description, this seasonable supply may
tend to soften down more effectually the petty jealousies of
command, and consolidate. union and the authority of their
General (Aline) still more.
The mode of the English and Austrian intervention, I
give you as the common report has it. I must, however,
express my disbelief in any such offensive
~mid defensive
alliance existing as is stated.

7.-The Courier brings very few letters from Madrid with
political news or reflections. The decree has, it appear'
from this, already had a considerable effect upon the allies
of liberty:and patriotism in the interior. The more, how-
ever, the impatient spirit is curbed, time more derided will
be its action when once it bursts its fetters. The Gazette
contains a loyal address front Cadiz, in return for the
Sovereign's immformation of the insurgent patriots being
upon the frontiers, and he might have added, in the heart

foifneb ilsond
go na,
many ou rouabditits—estheetiGuaoriyettelawrsill I
anecdosritin,:beer--e
with this. Fur the rest, it was before the deposition of
the apostolic Fleyres from the command of the city that
this document was drawn up and depatched to Madrid.
The Messager of this morning announces the so-long-
expected acknowledgment of Russia. The Funds have
improved a little upon it. The Five per Cents., 9hf. IAo.
the Threes, 114 f. 4c.

Of course you are already informed of the lamentable
Failure of the hou.e of Ternaux, Gandola, and Co., son of
Lhe great Ternaux : it oc:eland yesterday. L.

PEltionicALs.7—What the forum was to the
Romans, periodicals are to us of modern times; they Are
the barometer of public life.—Atheneum.
lIPPEAL o THE
,UNtoN.,--This day the in-
habitants of Drogheda meet to petition Parliarneut for a
repeol of tho Untonow,l)lo4iii 2iveninu

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIM' TO-MORROW.
Morning... 22-minutea atter 3. I Evening... 33 minutes after a

(11,
iii i 1 - u ,n.

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 18, 1830.

The Second Edition of the Morning Herald
contains numerous extracts from the French
Papers, by which we learn that the new Ministry
have received by telegraph the announcement of
the formal recognition of Louis PHILIPPE, by
the Emperor NICHOLAS. The Journal du
Commerce says, that there is some talk of an
insurrection in the Ukraine, and in some parts
of Livonia and Poland ; that the country people
are taking up arms against the feudal system ;
and that the Russian Govetntnent has ordered in
great haste tl►e march of troops upon these
countries. We are afraid that this news is too
cheering to be true. Poland in particular has
been so artfully dismembered ; its spirit has been
so jealously watched for years by every state that
has shared in the plunder of its territories, and
the annihilation of its rightful freedom ; that it is
almost morally impossible that it can successfully
rise in defence of its liberties for many—many
long years to come. One chance, however, yet
remains for it, an insurrection in the Rhenish
Provinces of Prussia, and another in the Italian

States of Austria. Both these despotic Govern-
tnents would then be so busily engaged with
their own affairs, that they would have little time,
and less heart, to attend to those of Poland;
while Russia, single-handed, could not offer any
very dangerous opposition, for a war with the
Poles, is not like a war withthe Turks, the darling
object of the nation. The Czar too of the
present age is not the Czar of the past. He has
no longer a blind, subservient, brute force at his
command, to be wielded as a machine, accord-
ing to his caprice. His subjects, and even
his army, are at length beginning to think
and the insurrectionary spirit that prevailed at
the period of his accession to the Throne is only
‘, scotched, not killed." By the bye it is sin-
gular,—and would be laughable, did it not con-
vey so'fine a moral lesson—what a paralysing
effect the mere exercise of thought on the part
of nations, has upon their Governments.—
Thought is the preliminary to action. This is
a truth that Kings and Ministers are but now
beginning to find out, though many of them, we
regret to state, have been so long used to the
darkness of falsehood and bigotry, that they are
literally blinded by the light of truth. The act
of couching has been too much for them.
They require time to recover from their stupe-
faction. It was the exercise of thought that
discrowned CHA 11. LES the Tenth---it was the
exercise of thought that sent that hopeful youth
the Duke of BRUNSWICK on his travels, and it
is the exercise of the same thought that will, ere
long, work a peaceful--a moral--a beneficial
revolution in the world.

The private correspondent of our morning co-
temporary (the Herald) hints that the French
Ministry, yielding to the urgent representations
of the Duke of WE LLI NOTON. expressed through
Lord STUART, have given orders to MINA and
the other Constitutional Generals to quit
Bayonne and retire into the Departments of the
Interior--in other words, to give up their de-
signs. If this be the case—though we confess
we have our doubts--it is high time that the
French Ministry should be changed. It is impos-
sible that men, acting under such influence, and for
such a purpose, can represent the nation. What,
the very people who have only just escaped from
slavery themselves, attempt to perpetuate the
slavery of others ! No—no, it cannot be. The
French have suffered too much from bigotry
themselves, not to wish to see other countries
delivered from the same thraldom.
(From the Gazette de Prance of Sunday.)

CHAMBER OF PEERS, firrounAy, OCT. 15.
The Chamber passed to.the discussion of the law rela-
tive to indirect contributions upon liquors.
Count de Sussy spoke with much warmth against the
method of composition ; because the impost, instead of
being equal upon all, or rather proportionate to the profit
of each, would fall upon one mate heavily than upon ano-
tber, and upon some not at all, whilst be who wu too
much taxed, would he obliged to give up his business.
The project mus adopted.

(From the Constitutiontiel of Saturday.)
At three o'clock the King set out in a calash with four
horses to go to Neuilly. The Queen and Madame, his
Majerty's sister, sat behind; the King, with the Minister
of War on his right hand, was in the middle, and the fore-
part was occupied by Counts Rumigny and Laborde, his
Majesty's Aide.di-Catnp. His Majesty returned at half-
past five. At their departure and return their Majesties
were received with the most lively acclamation".
Next Sunday, the 17th, the King, with his family,
will go to Versailles to review the National Guard of that
town, and of the towns and communes of the department
of Seine•et-Oise. After the review the waters will play.
(From the Journal du Commerce of Saturday.)
PAnts, Oc r. 15i.....There is much talk of an insurrec-
tion of the Ukraine and of some parts of Livonia and Po-
land. The country people are said to have taken up arms
against the feudal system, and the Russian Government
bas ordered in greet haste the march of troops upon those
countries. We have, however, no particular information
upon this subject.
(From La Quotidienn4 of Saturday.)
Letters from Frankfort state, an extraordinary circum-
stance has lately made known deeply-laid plots for the
overthrow of Germany. The plan of attack against each
state in particular, the detail of the movements, and the
names of all those who were to participate in them, are
known.

Gino, the courier of tke Dutch Cabinet; passed through

Berlin on the 7th of Oct°ler hi great haste; En
St. Petersburg!).
(From the Courier Francais of SaturdoP)':'l'.
The hasty departure of Genera! Loutrque Ire ihe
Vended, mentioned by one of the journals as the eaterref,
the fall of the Funds, was determined on for nearlyikro,
weeks before, and will not take place for some days,
The Committee of Instruction of the Chamber of Per
has commenced its labonrs.
An order has been issued against the individual JUIPIL
Berrie, now a prisoner at Toulouse, and who boll.
some disclosures relative to the burnings in Norm
The object of the present order is to put certain intern*:
tories to him en the information which be declares he el
give on this subject.
A private letter from Algiers contains the following pm.
sage:—
" Will you believe that we have no lets than 1,000
agog
Arabs doing duty on the out-posts, and anxious to sitssk
our enemies. We might have a force of 90,000 Ando if,
we wished, and with their assistauce we might trace te
the whole of Africa in every direction,
" All the tribes are eager to send in their submission!.
Geo. Clause!, and to furnish provisions to our troop. A
bullock sells for 20 francs, and a sheep can be bought for,
30 sous (Is. 2d.) le
" Gen. Clause! has proposed to the Freneh
send back 12,000 men, because be cannotleo.007111"I'
for keeping them abroad.
" Our position is very much thane.
~____6l"ll °Jill, tuit":ll
about a month since. There is no Main a f 1
in the port, and we would have considered onreeleee."l/
any one had spoken before the arrival of Gen. Clelteelji
the departure of the squadron, but now it is hartlignePee''''
th
aeoconxr
dt‘nieserfiluTiti.lio:ekfGned landGieinuenuei Proetanroins comp General-in-Chief,
ffe:wr °nes
't
Itcoika
01
n wadi
eeb
ag
of colonization. It is proposed to gnat au haw.
of
(From the Journal ds* Debats at aturay.)
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, has notified to :tei
Chili, the determination of his Majesty to recognise fully
Nish ta,
the independence of these different Stowe, and his
enter into treaties of friendship, commerce, eatand nnligat:
with them as soon as they shell have "nt all
Paris fir that purpose. oer
th Seetlk
Similar notifications will be seat to the
America States.
(From Le Tensps of Saturday.)
Correspondence flout Russia states, that the!
to'
known by the name of cholera morhws, by, poit
Russian territory, to which it wee counnun
the Persian towns of Becht, Zinsilis end Taurit
disease made its appearance about the arda, of 04* it
the province of Chirvan, and at the fisheries offothetr'd
then spread to several other provinces, en4l„,,,tte Cr
deaths up to August has amounted to 11(1..1' , goior'y
dernic is extending its ravages still further is
t° "41
and threatens to produce a dreadful usateliti'
(From the Herald Privets

The weakness
annpaesaPaturanraelndt. Not daring to exhibit 1 n threlflitocuierir°ef°uticiti.l,ll.l4itill'ttr6la.,6l3_ll'
the results of the revolution, and govern with that firm.
exhibit
ai popularity:,:ktni'ss; rltvt•ihi internali'
(ill ctil:Peeyu imillesadYt:lise:htiolrweialini.::ii,e)eri rilitlii:el
Polite. The appointment of Talleyrand to tbe Reno.
Embassy in London bad already given a rultstiotiti Pre°l
of what public opinion bad to expect of their eigic4l,„tre
perament in the many nsonliotoili question. now l'r,- a:
succeeding each other in the Course of our foreign aid 91*
t
tt Pi
haveni
niln:i n,
ureabtritoihnecogynventions. An attempt, on the Part of tidi
tithlinilrablereitlprehkauyelipnirpggporoahuFrtant,nryttednoiync.%SmwoPfeilsneittit.nhleirnandUtleopfindineati;o3ritttrittY(tillibeiibelilciredt'ed°intinli'leubTipotrerhYtleaentriSiYaillpasdinatasbYrAtoom°.s:re'tl,
fugees bad met from the public all the sympathy anu
the succour of which they stood in need. 'f heir past
increased upon the frontiers, ,they. Were abort ii/,,i'l's.
quire an imposing organisation, and they wert 'lc
the point of entering the Spanish territory with sr"-
and the faction which oppreeres Smith "w , 711
ire prep war about to -be snatched out ‘''.,.'l
bands, whilst' the people of Spain, assured
of threw:.
ings of France towards the Constitutionalists Wow°
have seen that they had found support sad protectl
fro
si
th
th
or
d
L.spenteostas.sratTdletiedpiimtaseenteiarsenßgttilitp:wiiittoirotus,matotaiaosesoli;:iuiv:enpit,;l,l44l,oeyi)::hoattualitiisiwFtsaei,eltrdltoridhlthualjutinadobteillaitapwnenvilrdari!do.ffNtelolLOln,rolil
ywita,filone;:tititilsun.rpoieesi,vvirtta:ogfinttamtmdbc.retoet.aun:ent,stinildr:tr,eoeo,ese:drr;etuoeiteis's,e;,eriiiid:gai.soi,:o.i
Vie" of the liberal Commanders. Sut this esult, sor
f
t
rs
of
i
h
v.ernment, and the Duke of Vielliugtm: has miven his ellt•
upon interview, have been employed
force our Ministers to give satisfaction w Europe, as,,`..
says, with respect to the assistance which they %vela ii!.:
to the Constitutional Spaniards. In the mean titreor
has asked for the dispersion of the depots of etnlol.he
•
d
e
Prefect
et
cLo:riaßi
i Bayonne
y 0
ovtitnritbweg
believe
elhiterel
the
enter
i,obbostwbr and
tiheueinmiaslreetlte
atir;geito:ho ucninuvgqcwo.beoihrvnivoreuaiwseNreistpnk.snlinti
jilt,
intoicii,
giseton Ityruo,
lif v
oroll
:1,0;G:eel
th
eft
:0001rri_.
riven,
tei
:Ira.,
it!'
i'llfr,:ri. i
ii:
„rtiiito
these,tlus two orders to the authorities upon O. irlu wiil
rne
by ti:toe.l istittorelettesiev:
Guard to drive the Spaniard, out of the depart Men"
't. e till 0'
:sys,ns
dpesairtynat(fdo; it is thus that terhescr',...ro:6„:ll
if our Ministry' g e ' r°ws
is not changed, the Carlista will, i"
_uAat,this moment strong detachments of 11'w a eo•
u. rtl are being assembled, in order to unite in the 'o' .
tat the King's Palace. It is expected that # 0111., enf,
course of workmen will be there, with their cri,'
" Death to the Ministers " .

COPY O(FpromTioluEr CoAcTrrespocndoenstsiTei
JUNTA OF CATALONIA.
Relying on 0,1000
the undeniable principle of the Pr , ro in
of the PatTle, and the supreme laws estahli,l"- .et
v. the cite
maintenance 'f
, i we do not exert outoelooe --- , is will
bat
! the fundamental laws of the nation etitho_±.ritee ,baahi
lob* our own fault, and in order that 011 e RK.M.,...1110-,,,,t IA
founded upon
the approbation of all libend inea_,,'l"sl Itrd, go'l
have uP°n
principles which are genera,.
_wel.;:e-,,,,i,b5i
a the sanction of the üblic. In order_ ,ttiot' high tba
f our fellow-citizens may regulate the autbentf wv,„ leiso
general voice has conferred upou General Po° • * : thir
:Vans del Bosch, we have proposed to re- unite trim 4
of
y forth, and we have • " • fon illiPr° be
with due &Woo 1 , I
the fallowing bioitteo 0
propositions, which will be sub
.ote ole I
attention
.. . and for the approval of all thou pistil
mowing in this department. ItSPIIVT111;N)0 liik.:
Lieutenant.
" Art. 1
I. That the patriots of Catalonist,,,o moo
Gen
• Don Francisco Milans del Boob, Col.:P"c 4001'
Beiges, the Rev. Don Tbos. Reset, plie Fgl'e4 °ow°
Dun
Pablo J'aii Regidor of the Coostitutionol Au, ~, he
of Barcelona, Don M. Goucer, Don J. Soot* „sy;er:i '',l:
appointed to form a Provisional Junta of the
AeeP"i„,„bles"
Catalouia, and that they admit amongst LtheishOer - l'a„lsitsi
those individuals who are distinguished it 0/0' 9* sjij
poularity, and reepeetability, so OW "'' teil (tat
chesswi f the province may be fairly rePre"ll.,,,s.dei ''''' i
"2. That the Gen. Na FranciscoSu•-- 'itatot,
, rep
be appointed General-in-Mot ief elle Qatar 01
the olio
sad Don 'Antonio Beiges, head of the SOP ih,jfeell i°
force, and that the meet distinguished pests lie v"
Colonels Cranes,Miranda, and fisoottiquel. „. w, the
.I at
a
3. Tht an exact seificaon hbe ow" os
staff of all the differenclet chief*ti s
and offi allcers orhe, "L4O
present residing as emigrants in this departrnee tt 97,40 P
may be placed according to their rook, moritere b. eel'
vices, so that from the present period, 04 Ws'
played and fixed in proper situations. la
" 4. That although the spirit of rivalry shi) of she
between the officers of the old regiment oil thoroutj ell
militia, and the bands of volunteers, they $ll wrote
conebler themselves as a part of the existing oil! 10,001
rent army, in order to increase the sylePett!tat be
ought to influence the minds of all, tare lit'!" gavial,
made, the one relating to permanents:ld to
..tb 0/
and the other containing an account as to the l'o7 to.
service and military employments fur the purP°,,seof owl
mining and regulating the different appointment:of troops.
who have served in the same regiments and cle'°' they hove
"5. That the above propositions as soon lie . wo.
P . ~f MO •..
been approved of by the meeting of patrow, of S
hur fig. the
visional Junta of Catalnia, shall be soh r"" A volor
sanction of a
in
junta of chiefa, officer.,
.iii,",:,_ be of
teem, each signing in his real name the vote wl I ii
Junto.)
think proper to give. f the
(Signed by the Members o
" Perpignan, Oct. 6."
'' a 16 ...Fill Pgr4
PARIS STOCK EXCHANGE, Ocr).-- ' obe 96
000..., •
Cents., 95f. 94f. 90e, 90f. 941. Obe• ,„„. Ono"
Four r- Mt.
94f. 95e. 95f. 95f. Ibe. 20e. Jbo• ; Joe.
04f 20e. oe' 001
Sef. 25e. ;, Three per Cents • 0 fir,
Mc. 35c. ; Bente* de Naples, 621. 80c• 9 c'

Of. 90e. 6if. 95e. 63f. ; Mites ilTepagne, 16i;
Royal Spanish Loan, 49 491 ; Itentes Perpetnelle d'Es-
imgnei 37 slti ou London, one
month, paper, 251.25 e. ; three months, paper, 25f. I be.

The Freneh,and belgic Papers contain muc
miscellaneous intelligence, though not of any
particular importance, with the exception of a
letter: addressed by Prince PoLIGNAC to the
Members of the Commission, and inserted in
the Afoniteur, to the effect that he was in no-
wise connected with the authors of the late fires
in Normandy.

Despatches have been received at the Foreign
Office this morning, from Mr. McKENzTE, the
British Consni-Generel at Lisbon ; and also
' from Lord STUART DE ItOTIISAY, at PariE,
and Sir CHARLES BACOT, at the Hague

The Duke of WELLINGTON visited Sir
ROBERT PEEL this morning, at the Right Hon.
Baronet's residence, in Privy gardens.
•
In another coluMn will be found a copy of a
letter Addressed by CuTunßoT RIPPON, Esq.,
to Sir R. _NEL, on the subject of Church Re-
form, from which we make the following extract.
" Tythe is a valuable Consideration given in ex-
change for spiritual assistance. If the price be
received, the advantage withheld, the party is
guilty of :religious swindling. The Parson is
the servant of the parish, paid for the perform-
ance of certain duties, which in equity he is
hound to fulfil. If he neglects or refuses, the
contract between the parties is at an end. The
appointment of a hireling substitute, without the
approbation of the parish, is -ialposition and
fraud—it is Me wellyaid physician receiving
his fees, and Riving up his patients to the care
of an apothecary. What justification can be
fered for this shameless concubinage of
duties? * * * Religion becomes a
trades—its ministers, money seeking men—its
thiefs a political presbytery—Power sets up its
Puppet, commands its consecration, vests it in
lawn, crowns it with a mitre, and by forgery of
language calls it Father in God.' But it is a
r"PseY of "'tat make- God will not accept
it-ssman will not respect it ; human reason de-
tects the juggle and smiles with contempt on the
worldly conjuror." •
These remarks deserve to be printed in letters
of gold, and circulated throughout the country.
They are an Iliad' in a nut-shell. There is no
5mi55405,....00 exaggeration ; the eloquence is the
eloquence of -truth----the indignation that of ho-
testy and justice. The Church is precisely what
klr. 111 oPON has described it, an enormous over-
grown eitablishment, which makes up, in tem-
Pamis what it wants in spiritual, authority. It
•tin it all the seeds of rottenness and cor-
-1,4140n, sa. Any one may perceive, who will take
the trouble to devote a month (if so short a time
wlu ItiffieC) to the summing up' of its countless
Phtmlieie
,What can be said in praise of a sys-
'ent;thielt.entabled an Irish Clergyman to die
1L4:04444:44$ full possession of nine livings,
s":"'llith 'now elevates an -English one to the
"I".re, whose sole recommendations are his
atties, and his having seven sons ? Of course
"le* seven. sons must be provided for; it is
l'enaeose to suppose otherwise: these are not.
the days of clerical disinterestedness and patn-
4iatn, and it is, therefore, but reasonable to
eipeet that See the.of Exeter,
like that of. Ely,
.1141 he henceforth the rich monopoly of one
141. In Ireland the same grievance exists,
tk
icengh to a still more deplorable extent, for Mr.
Cork, assured
a late dinner given: to him at
`elk, assured his hearers that "in a mise-
-414 parish near Mill-street, he saw upwards
41' 30t.' levied, and for what ? to support
t Church for the immense number of 14 Pro-
testants I"Is n4t-tbis monstrous?
In every age the undue wealth of the Church
h -as been a grievance, but never was
Nee so acutely that griev-
felt as at present. With a
°iliing revenue ; with a weight of taxation that
'lauld break the back of Atlas ; with commerce,
tieulture, the arts, each and all in a state of
4tpression we are - called on still further to aug-
?tent our distresses by swelling the revenues of a
Church already gorged with wealth, and yet cla-
koosing for more.
ur But the Church, it may be
ged, deserves support ? Undoubtedly ; but
tjaly to the extent of its utility. If that utility,
thould°,4 411 impartial and honourable investigation,
be found limited,-So on every principle
:1! ittstiee should be the revenues of the Ecele-
tiir'tieal Corporation. Aa for the old clamour—
has toinded so many of our Ultras at PITT
448--of Church and State, it is a Mere juggle
111 up to throw dust into the eyes of the people.
Itht real meaning is, that the Church binds itself to
,e State, so long, (and no longer) as the State
"In °the Its pluralities from invasion. In like
oituaer the State—and dearly it pays for its
i,lenees-shincls itself to protect the Church, pros
edLe Church will in turn lend it the sacred,
Treveaseleacended" authority of its countenance.
t this ;ended"
true and only meaning of the
.('lepact, the annals of JAMES 11. abundantly
4welt* During the early period of that dotard's
the Clergy
fete , and. particularly the
,Bishops,
oficthe louden st in. defence of the divine right
IgB ; but no sootier did the Royal despot
,teelpt to cripple their power by putting forward,'
eo°,ll"Yr than the Church, with the Bishops, of
ayat their head, alarmed not for the salety of
Oreligion, but their pluralities (see DLFOR'S
ka) took fright, recanted all they had said
ut divine right, and took the lead in turning.
+rh°4l jAbit •• •
and bringtng tn WILLIAM, under
wou,,l;l_,
hey imagined their darling. pluralities
.ne safe. This was the true secret of the
ri_ilirtiaottain of the Seven Bishops. At a less for c crisis they would have been shown in their
'the?! colours; but the events of the day were in
1.4418`. Tor, and in great political changes we
4:nice°. look so much to character as to

i% 8.4:AN1-COACH THRUG,H C}i~L'CEN};Al►i.
hoe been informed, on respectable authority, that
t',4ll,tnallt-Colonel Sir CHARLICS I)awes who is a prn•
t,',4l4llarehokler of the pater►t right for steam-coaches, ha 4
41.4 in thii town for the purpose of, ateettainlng what
114,44111wintitnarhe necessary, preparatory to startin.g tt
lc Wriveyance by atearr► between Bristol and Binning'
Othrougia Gloucester, Cheltenham, and Worcester.—
"eittratione Chronicle.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY,

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, OCT. 17.—Wind ,N.E.—Arrived from ,the
River, aud: nailed, the Ellen, Camper, for the Cape of
Good Hope.
Pt.varouTtr, Oct. 15 Axn 16. —Wind E.—Arrived
off port, the Isaac Hicks, Foster, from New York; and
also arrived the Liffey, Miller, from Valparaiso and
Bordeaux.

-----_.
FALMOUTH, OCT. 15 Awn E.S.E. fresh
breezes.—Arrived the Cygnet packet, from Lisbon, sailed
the fld inst. Off port, the Experiment, Yaksley, from
Cadiz.

Buts Tot., OcT. 16.—Arrived the Odin, Sparn, anti
Mars, from Archangel.
GLOUCFaTER, OCT. 16.—Arrived the Essay, Wilson,
from Archangel ; and Kitty, Gtaystock, from St. Peters.
burgh.
Duntri, OCT. lb.—Arrived the Two Brothers, Evans,
from Quebec ; Thetis, Brooks, from Smyrna ; Star, Scott,
from. Gibraltar ; and William Hall, Vernon, from Riga.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

COURT OF KING'S UENCII.

....
Lord TENTERDEN resumed his sittings after Trinity
Term this day at Guildhall.

'MORGAN AND OTHERS V. READ AND MUM.

This was an-action brought by the plaintiffs, pilots at
Gravesend, to recover salvage of the owners of the Et at
India ship Providence.
It appeared from the evidence that the ship Providence,
when proceeding up the river, ran on the Chaplin Sands.
The plaintiffs seeing in what situation she was placed, pro-
cured a.sistance, and after working from three o'clock in
the afternoon until one o'clock the next morning, they suc-
ceeded at the return of the tide in getting the ship off the
Saud* with very little damage having been done to her.
Evidence was also adduced to show, that if she had not been
got off that tide she would in all probability have gone to
pieces, as a strong gale arose, and the succeeding tide did
not rise so high, by three feet as when the.ship was set at
liberty. It was also proved thit the ship was laden with
a moat valuable cargo of East India produce.

Mr. PoLLocx, for the defendants,..,saial that hie client'
did not for a momeut alispute that tbp plarintiffs. had rest,
dared the ship some service, and fOr which they had been
offered thirteen pounds, but it was idle to suppose they
were entitled to any thing as salvage, for he should be
able to prove that the vessel at no tints was in
the least danger of being lost ; and to sup-
port a claim for salvage, it must be proved that
the parties claiming had been in peril of their lives,
and as such was not the case in the present in.
stance the phintiffa could only claim in the common way
for work and labour done. It seas also attempted to be
shown that an agreement had ken entered into between
the Captain of the Providence and the plaintiffs, but it ap-
peared that the latter at subsequent periods denied their
liability to be bound by any agreement in cases of this kind.
On the part of the plaintiffs, evidence was adduced to
show that if a claim of salvage could he maintained, from
80/. to 50/. per man would not be paying them too well.
On behalf of the defendant witnesses were called, who
stated that the sum of IV, which bad been offered, was
quite sufficient for the services that had been rendered.
Lord TENTSSMEN, in summing up, said if the Jury
were of opinion that an agreement had been entered into
between the Captain of the ship and the plaintiff., then
the action could not be maintained. If, however, they
were not satisfied of the existence of such an agree-
ment they would find a verdict for the plaintiffs, with ouch
damages as would fairly recompeose them for the• services
they had rendered.
One of the Jury wished to know, if an agreement had
been entered into with, one of the plaintiffs, whether or not
such an agreement would be binding on the other.
Lord 'Tisritamtsr—l consider it would.
The Jury then retired, and had not returned into Cow t
when our reporter left.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O' CL 0 CK.

Accounts from Posen to the 2d o,:tober state that
the military authorities in that town received orders to
disperse all persons who met to the number of ten in the
streets; a detachment of troops which had left the town
were recalled by express, and the cannon are kept con-
tinually loaded. Ball cartridges have been distributed to
the troops. Although these precautions have been taken
the walls are covered with, placards as well as caricatures
against the King of I'russia and the Emperor of Russia.
It was reported at Liege on the 12th October, that a
regiment of Belgians had laid down their arms, after
which they were disbanded.
In Silesia the town of Steineaw has been in a commo-
tion for several days, and four persons were killed.
Livenvoor:, OCT. 16.--The import this week of cotton
is only 99e bap, and the tales are fl,lBO bags at scarcely
last week's prices. In sugar upwards of 700 Mule. of
B. P. Sugar have been sold this week, in some instances
at rather lower prices. In foreign no transactions.

•

THE MARKETSe.,(THIS DAY).

CORN-EXCHANGE.

The arrivals of last werk were moderate of nearly all
descriptions of Grain, both foreign and English. This
morning there are only middling fresh supplies of Corn.
The Wheat samples come in improved condition. The
millers ,purchased fine dry Wheat readily this morning,
and gave the prices of last week ; other qualities still
meet a dull sale, hut are not lower. Barley for malting
being much in demand, fully maintains the prices of this
day se'nnight, as also do grinding, parcels. New Beans
are rather cheaper.; Old remain as last reported. Boiling
Pease maintain former rates. Grey Pease are Is. per
quarter lower. There are few New Oats it market, and
the Old foreign meet with a fair demand, so that the trade
may he reported full as good as last Monday, The Flour
trade is dull,, but no alteration in price.

PRICES ON BOARD OP SHIP.

Wheat, Red (old) —s. —s,
—..White (old) ....R. ...A.
083o)Ws, &Is.
Fine.. .. Us. 5&.
----- Superfine OOO. (Vls.
--- White (1k30) M24. flOs.
Fine 62e. 645.

Beans, Small (new'
(ohl
Tick (new))
(old)
- Harrow (ns
(01l

40s. 44 a.
3.55.
355. 38s.
!w) 355. 375.
.1).. 40s. 424
...Ms. 255.
.... 2N. Zs,
...•245. %.

---- Superfine.. 655. 695.
—Foreign free 421. 745.
Rye 34s. 301.
Barley
Fine .. . ....' 331. 345.
Superfine New ins. 383.
Malt 42e. 555.
line SSO. (141.
Pease, Grey New 3Ol. 30..
---- Maple New 3Bi. 40s.
-- "White
---- Boilers

Brank
Oats, Feed
New ...
--- Poland
New..
- Potatoe
New

255. 30g.
Ws. als.
lg. 23s 27g.
ck) 53,E 60s.
455. 54 g
try 425. bOs
IM. lOs.

- Scotch «....,
- Irish 2l
Flour Town (per sac
-- North Count
Bran
