REPORT MADE TO REAR-ADMIRAL BARON DU-
PERU Et CO2I6IANDER-IN-CulEF"l'o HIS MAJESTY'S
SQUADRON BEFORE CADIZ,, BY LIEUTENANT DE

VAISSEAU DELLANG --
"On board the Gun-boat No. 1, Sept. 2.1,
" I have the honour, to inform you, that about
five this morning, on the signal.gtin being fired,
the flotilla under my command got under way
for the different positions which you had assigned
to it. At seven the division of gun-boats which
I headed teak its station between the Puercas
and the Cochinos. The bombs of the centre not
being sufficiently advanced, the division Of the
right, under Lieutenant Estelle, could not imme-
diately come up. It took its position as soon as
the bombs formed hi line.
" At seven o'clock, immediately on the left
coming to anchor, the Cadiz batteries commenced
a brisk cannonade. I estimated, from the dis-
tance to which the shot of the forts passed be.
yond me, that I was at least about 1,000 toiset
from it. My line being formed, I did not think
it proper to drop e-stern. Several captains pro-
posed to open their fire, but I ordered them to
reserve it, because I expected your signal. .1
inftirMed them that they were to tire when I set
the example. About eight o'clock the lire of the
bombs being well planted, I commenced mine,
which was followed up by the whole line. You
had. the opportunity of ascertaining that it was,
vigorous and well maintained.
" Towards ton o'clock, the enemy's gun-boats.
about 30 in number, began to come out to attack
us. At half-past ten I observed your signal to
cease firingond make sail for your station. I
accordingly gave orders for getting under way
and standing towards the sqoadron•
'' Before we began to put about, the shot from
the enemy's gun-boats passed over us, and about
three-quarters past ten, while we' were under
sail, Francois Benet, a seaman belonging to the
Milenl, was killed by a ball from an IS-pounder.
• [The remainder of the report (which is twice as long as the
part translated) consists of nothing but eulogies on the officers
anti crews of the gun-boats.. -
igne " ELINGER."
Pants, OCT. ii,—Count PQMd) di Homo B
, they Ittnisiart'Am.
hassador, vets oft to-morrow or next day for Madrid. Ills Ex-
cellency is to wait on the King of Spain, to congratulate his
Majesty, in the name of the Emperor of Russia,- on his happy
deliverance, and will return immediately to Paris. ' .
The Vieturietac corvette, under the command of M. Le-
tnoine, sailed from Toulon on the 30th of September, to cruise.
oft' the Balearic islands and observe Port Mahon. This vessel
has orders to keep a strict look out for Sparijahyrivateers, and
lin:particular to endeavour to intercept the prises which such
privateers might attempt to carry into those islands. On the
same day (Sept. 30), the LUmprote, Oabarre, commanded by
M. Perrin, also sailed from Toulon. She is ordered to Mar-
seilles, where she will take under convoy several merchantmen,
boundto Naples, Tunis, and the Levant.
They write from Pctersburgh, that in order to facilitate and
methodise the march of affairs, there is a project tm foot to
divide the Russian empire into Four Supreme Governments,
which will have under them them the twelve General Govern-
ments, each again subdivided into several ordinary Go.
velment&

( rrem Me pikte.)
ADDRESS OF THE SPANISII,REGENCY.
MADRID, OCT. b.
ccBl)anitmla,—Our most ardent wishes are fulfilled. The
King is free. Our beloved Monarch and the Royal Family are
released from an oppression and slavery the moat severe. The
desired. idolized Ferdinand lives The Queen miraculously
lives They come to occupy, with renovated glory, the throne
of Charlet+ the Third, of Philip the Fifth, and of his grand.
father. Eternal glory to the great Prince, and to his liberating
army, which you have received with enthusiasm, and which
you will this day load with your tenderest benedictions, for
having restored liberty to your King: Ferdinand free ! Be-
hold, Spaniards ! the great object and the auspicious termina-
tion of such great negotiations, such greet efibrts, such great
battles and triumphs, so many sufferings and sighs I The cares
of the great Monarchs of Europe have not been in vain, nor
the paternal solicitude of the venerable and august head of the
Bourbon Family, nor the noble efforts'of the illustrious Prince;
his adopted hull nor the heroic sacrifices of the magnanimous
nation, which Is this day and from henceforth our friend and
sister.
"The blood of the Spanish Royalists that has been shed is
not lost ; they have not in vain endured their sufferings ; they
have attained their object by more than human efforts, which
have heroically contributed to the deliverance of our King.
" Ferdinand free f—llonerclie, nations of Europe, and you,
Spaniards, behold the price and the recompence of your efforts,
behold the memorable event from which will date the new era
of repose, of peace, of tranquility for the people, of security for
thrones, the total destruction of factions, the liberty and the
happiness of loyal and Catholic Spain.
" Spaniards I—Glory be first to God—to God who holds in
his hand the hearts,of kiugs, who has inspired, them with the
design of such a glorious of which enterprise, there is no ex.
aMple In the history of ages.
" Let us praise and bless the Monarchs, and let the Princes,
the Generals, and all the Royalist companions in arms of the
two nations, who hive itmnortalized themselves in the great
struge of fidelity against rebellion, receive the expression of
our, gratitude I •
In the whole Peninsula, in the:vast regions of the other
"Spanish hemisphere, let nothing be heard but hymns of bene-
diction, songs of praise, of reconciliation, and of peace When
our common father comes amonst his children, let him hear
in the paternal mansion nothing but the voices of reconciliation
and peace; let all, like brothers, surround the throne, make the
sacrifice of their hatred and their prejudices: let no one dare to
trouble this triumphant fete by those deadly cries which would
afflict the heart of our good King.
Chrietians and generoue Speniards—The members of the
Regency, who have governed you in days of trouble, and whom
you so royally obeyed, speak to you to day for the last tune;
they are going to replace in the sacred hands of their King the
deposit that hits been entrusted to them ; they are going as
faithful subjecti to mingle with you Again, in order to declare
loyalty and hernitge to their Sovereign. Their joy would be
complete, if they could accompany the numberless proofs of
your fidelity with, the .'act of universal reconciliation, though.
It were sealed with their blood—if they could see their
brethren who have been led astray, repent and mingle
themselves with the ruithful—the weak, encouraged by the
example of the strong, throw themselves at the feet of their
King. Ferdinand, the pious, the mild, (the Regency ;tell
know this), will readily forget all his sufferings, if in return
he can see all his children reconciled, and saluting him with
sentiments of unalterable fidelity, with the name of Father and

the Ruler of the great Spanish Family. His magnanimous
heart will answer your acclamations, by calling you his dear
children. Then will commence a new and happy era for re-
stored Spain." _

Prom the Courier•
rancais.)
PARIS, OCT. ( 11.—The submissionF
of Cadiz has nearly ter-
minated the service for which our troops were sent into Spain.
Every thing which-depended on the valour of our soldiers has
been achieved, and now policy, wisdom and moderation must
complete the work. -
The terms of the Telegraphic Dispatch affixed yesterday at
the Exchange seems to announce that some guarantees were
granted to the Constitutionalists,‘ It says Cadiz..luis sub-.
mitted. In the same way the and
Dallasteros to the arrangements which' hadliTA proposed to
them was communicated to the public, and it is known that'
the submission of these Chiefs took place on conditions speci-
fied in the Treaty. It is probable, therefore that the same cir-
cumstance has happened,
at Cadiz. This would confirm the
intentions manifested by the King in his letter to the Duke of
Angoulente of the 27th, not to punish individuals for their
past conduct. It must be remarked, indeed, that these gua-
rantees do not extend to honours, employments and dignities.
It may even be credited, from the dismissals which were carried
into effect at the instant of disembarking at Port St. Mary_7s of
the persons who attended the King under the most difficult
circumstances. They would promise, without doubt, security
to persons and property, which is generally done in great poli-
tical changes, and is the only means of making those speedily
submit who might otherwise he tempted to resist, for in these
sort of disturbances every thing is an affitir between individu-
als. It is generally thought that the conditions granted to the
Constitutionalists will be oirered to the' garrisons of the other
places which yet hold out, and that these conditions may even be
ameliorated, according to the importance of the places and their
means of defence ; at the same time a Decree will rigorously fix
a term in 'which these conditions can be accepted, beyond
which the persons not submitting will be declared rebels, ant'
exposed to all the rigour of the l . r

laws. These measures,
,joined
co a general amnesty, will succeed, it is thought, in effecting
he submission of the different parries to the new change whlcl
,as taken place.

The return of the -King to Madrid will probably be followed
by the immediate.returnlethe Prince Generalissimo to France;
he will piss. it iffitaid, breatilonia, and bring with him a part
of the troops. If the reports in circulation may, be believed,
'50,009 men will remain in Spain to occupy the principal strong
places till the new Government of Ferdinand VII. is organized,
till the exasperation of parties is somewhat subsided, and till
the brands of civil war are extinguished. The duration of this
occupation may be calculated 'from the present moment; it
only remains to be known what influence will prevail in the
Councils of the King of Spain t' whether that which dictated the
Decree of Andujar, or that which dictated the famous Procla-
mation of the Count d'Espagne.
A part of the army then will return to France, and feasts and
triumphal arches are preparing for it. However opinions may
have been divided as to the motives of the war, they are unani-
mous on the conduct of the army. It has not only given addi-
tional proofs of the brilliant valour which we are accustomed to
find In Frenchsoldiers, but it hasalsodisplayed More rarevirtues,
discipline beyond all temptation, and moderation which has
never baen for one moment forgotten. It has repressed with
energy the vengeance which one party desired to exercise ; by
its means it has protected all those whom a voluntary submis.
sion placed under its safeguard it has repelled with horror all
the appeals of licentiousness anti ferocity, as it heard with ge-
nerosity the prayers of the feeble; political opinions have not
been in its eyes either a title of justification for excesses, or a
title of proscription for misfortune. Its interxention has been
asked by the partisans even of the system it went to overthrow ;
and the enemies it had to combat regarded it at* a consolation
in their defeats to fall into the hands of the French soldiers,
and remain confided to their keeping. There is nothing to be
added to such facts, and nothing is wanting to military glory
when humanity can applaud.
The Prince Generalissimo has shewn a great example of
wisdom and moderation to the Sovereign who is to bestow a
Government on Spain. Our soldiers have left to Ferdinand's
soldiers, and to all the Spaniards who triumph in the fall of
Cadiz, a not less admirable example. May they both. be imi-
tated I The accomplishment of this wish will lead to the paci-
fication of Spain, and put an end to the sacrifices of France.
Next Sunday, October 12, there will be sung, at two o'clock,
a solemn Te Dewoo. in the Metropolitan Church of Paris, in
the presence of the :King and Royal Family, for the happy 'de-
livs!rance of the King of Spain.
The new Pope, Leo XII. has appointed Cardinal Della SO.
maglia Secretary of State, in the room of Cardinal Gonsalvi.
The former was born in 1774, and was Dean of the Sacred Col-
lege. This choice hi another proof that the moderate party has
been successful in the Conclave. - •
