burg Stirum Commander-in-Mei of, the aimed
force of Holland,

Mouz, Nov. 23-:---Ycsterday and to-claw
the Orange Guard, the brave soldiers who have.
taken the oaths to their Country, and a number of
VG tonteer citizens, marched from hence with an
enthusiasm unexampled, to fight the enemy, juid
to drive him from our soil.
-FRANKFORT, Nov.- 15.--Our City is crowded
with the troops of the Allied Powers. Good
order and military discipline reign -among,them.
They pay for every thing in ready.-moncy, .or in
bills guaranteed by the Allied Governments„ which
are held in high estimation by the merchants.'
THE • HAGUE, Nov. 22.—We take the curliest
opportunity of inserting the following Proclania
ton, addressed by the Russian Commander to the
Netherlands :

" Brave Netherlanderse--It would be an insult to ;.-Ippose
thatyou require to be reminded of the great deeds of your
forefathers. All of you well know how much this unfortu-
nate' country has suffered in consequence of its subjugation
by the French. Tile French armies ate annihilated ; and
it therefore depends upon your own exertions to rid your-
selves of the few Frenchmen remaining in your nalivii
country. An army under the Crown Prince .of Sweden, and
commanded by the Russian General Baron Von Wizingerode
approaches your frontiers, to deliver you from he- yoke of
French slavery, to restore your commerce, and re-establish
that liberty for which your ancestors so profusely saciticed
their lives and fortunes. Place your trust in that Divine Pried-.
deuce which will crown with its blessing your effortsin thecause
of freedom and your native country. Be obedient. to those
to whom, until an ulterior arrangement takes place,- the Gu-
vernment is confided. The period draws near when you shall
enjoy an estiiblished Government, which will exert itself to
make you forget your past sufferings."

" PROCLAMATION.
•
ei IN THE NAME OF Titt GAMBOA,. GoVIIINmENT.
" Whereas the common peace and safety are threatened
en the side of Gomm, by an assemblage of Antwerp burgh-
ers.. and Brabant conscripts collected for that purpose by
forcible weans; we hare assembled a lwdy of troops, to stop
the farther progress of this desperate band, and appointed to
the conntunid thereof General Baron Sweertz Dc I,andas.—
Netherlanders ! assist him on every side : Ma4istrates of
Towns, Burgher, Villagers, each according to means. The General will make arrangeul.nts fur the (:!te application
of all the means you may afford him.
(Signed) " GYSBEitT KAREL VAN lIDGENDOJIP.
Principal Secretary, • P. D. CHANG CION."
" The Hague, Nov. el, 3813."
[Another Proclamation, of the sante date, announces, that
a body of troops had been 'assembled under the etinisnand of
General C. F. De Jonge, to act against the enemy nu the side
of Utrecht.]

RoTTEonAm, Nov. 19.--For several successive
nights a number of. coaches passed through this
city, taxing the road- to Breda and Antwerp On
-Wednesday the number of carriages proceeding in
that direction increased in a remarkable degree.
The same day the Members Of the Admiuist ration
prepared for their departure... Yesterday morning
the corps of douanicrs, with drums beating, and
their officers at their head, marched off from this
place; and a few hours after, a corps, consisting
of all descriptions of force, with two field-pieces,
passed .through. No sooner were they all gone,
than the Orange flag was displayed in every quar-
ter, and nothing was to be seen or heard but the
most lively demonstrations ofjoy. The Mayor
and Burghers immediately took measures for pre-
serving internal tranquility, but not the slightest
act of violence has taken place. -
STRASBURGH, Nov. 11.—The. Grand Duke of
P 1.3,0.1411 having refused to invede.. to the coali-
tion, General Wrtde, previous to the battle of
issued a 'proclamation, notifying' thit the
Grand Duchy was sequestrated in the name of the
King of Bavaria.

IFAUSANNE, Nov. four companies of
this Canton, which had mustered here, marched
off yesterday morning towards the frontiers of
Switzerland. They will be joined on the road by
(he company of Payerne, which will complete the
battalion under the orders of M. Carotid Daveluz.,
The fine appearance of these troops is highly gra-
tifying. They are. animated with tire ,hest dispot
;Rion, and will rival in zeal.and devotion those
of the confederate .States, in maintaining the sys,
tern of -neutrality %%Phial Switzerland has adopted
under existing Cirenmstances.
DAst.n, Nov. 6,---Five hundred peasants are
daily working on the fort iro.ations of iliniingen,
which has been declared in a state of siege. The
bridge of bouts attlirisaeli has been removed. it
is reported that we.. are to have a gari-iwivcom-
posed of the troops of Zurich and Berne.
BI.IIIN, 8;77 the Gth, five companies
_ _

f infantry, connnalli led by tient...Colonel

11j ay,
aarched from this city to•rt,intorre the cordon on
he frontiers,, after.having, been inNpeetcd bt- his
gxcellency. the General and late Lnidannuan De
Watteville, who' in a few worth, hat in a Most af-
fecting otanner, impressed upon the (Akers and
sub -officers, the duties and interests of our coun-
try in, the 'present state of affairs. YeiterthtY
Captain 'Steiger's ~-.ompanyof horse earahineers scat
outfor the same destination, The (irand Coniteil
of tl,,q Canton had .an extraordinary meeting this
day, and appointed Cholera! De WattevilLe De-
puty to the Diet`Lxtraordinary. The French Am-
bassador this day received two couriers, one 4,t'
them an Aid-de-Canip, sent from ,Itlentz by the
E:Aperar Nano!con...
'Ztiatcrt, 1,4)v. 7,—HisE4cellency the Pindatn-
Inan'of S.. it:m land .has put in net yai .;;;I and
,tit ,battalion, to reinforce the cordon of t:eutra‘
lity 'established On the frontier.
