manite. They have kepf none of the promise;
which they have made,tothe inhabitants of the
Swiss Cantons. They had promised.to :spire the
property of private persons, and yet. enormoas con-
tributions, disorders of every kind:, accompany
the march of their undigeiplined columns. They
had engaged to respect the forms of the llAvetic
Government, amt-the first essay of their power
has been to substitute the ancient Aristocracy for
the Constitutional Act which insured the rights
and the liberty of the Citizens.
Thus Switzerland has become the theatre riot
only of war, but -of anarchy. The ,discontent of
the people, Avhose interests are sacrificed to those
of a few Nobles, begins to express itself loudly—
commotions have taken place in the Pays de Vaud,
and in Argovia ; andthe friends of peace- lament
the fatal consequences which must necessarily en-
sue from these popular disturbances. It is then
by rekindling the furies of party spirit that the
Allies prove their moderation ; it is by over-,
throwing the most sacred VightS of Nations, by
giving up to pillage the property of individuals,
that they :11mill-est-their love of justice, their re-
spect for humanity.
Moderate in their Proclamations, full of yid-
knee in their conduct,. they resemble those fero-
ciOns animal's which imitate the voice of man only
to surprise and to devour him. Frenchmen! judge
by the fate. of ,Switzerland of that which is pre-
pared for you. The Allies have entered our ter-
.ritory as they did Switzerland, with words of
peace. Ask the inhabitants of Alsace, of Franche
Comte, ,what is the peace the enemy has brought
us ? They will answer unanimously, ".their first
steps were marked by vengeance and rage. The
scourge of reqniSitiOns has exhausted our country
.--7-bands of savages, strangers to every humane
and generous sentiment, spread themselves.over
our fields, ill-treat our children, insult our wives
and daughters, and carry off our workmen,
destined to people the deserts of Russia, and
to die far frOm their native land, in , Sla-
very and despair. Even the Ministers of
Religion are abused by these Barbarians, who ac-
knowledge neither law nor discipline. 0 you, our
brethren, our countrymen, arise ! In the name of
our country, and of 'honbur, seize your arms, and
come and deliver us from the evils that oppress us.
Reflect that we are the advanced guard of the na-
tion ;• that we have et no time deserted this hO.-
&imble and dangerous post, and that we justly
claim your gratitude and your aid. We still stop
thif torrent,- which will soon impetuously burst
upon you, if you remain basely inactive. United
by the same language, the same laws ; proud of
bearing the name of Frenchmen, which is our
glOry ; our dangers are in common ; bur interests
are the same ; our union will form our strength ;
and we shall at length obtain that peace, which is
the object of our hopes, and of the solicitude of
the. Government."

Such is at this moment the language of our
invaded frontiers. Is there a Frenchman whose
heart is so narrowed by selfishness as to be in-
sensible to these. affecting calls ? No ; we cannot
believe it. The love of our country still lives in
our souls ; we have for our guarantee the crowd
of citizens, who, filled with holy indignation,
throng round the national standard, and wait with
impatience for the moment to exterminate the
sanguinary hordes who infect the sacred ter-
ritory.

While the regular army is preparing for vic-
toiy, partisans accustomed to wag , will hover on the
flanks And the rear of. the enemy's masses; in such
circumstances, -every French citizen, of whatever
sex or age, ought to glory in resisting and in• mak-
ing a barbarian bite the dust. Stratagem, Open
force, every thing is permitted against the ene-
my, who brings us • misery and slavery. The
tocsin Of death wherever- he spews himself.—
Let the deeds of courage and -heroism, which
in all ages have done honour to nations, be our
lessons and our models ! Even among the wo-
men, let sonic of those generous heroines at ise,
whose names were consecrated by the national
gratitude and love. What mother of a family
could see her daughter insulted, her son massa-
cred, Without braving every danger to defend and
avenge them Let our French women render
themselves worthy rivals of those noble Gallic
wives who encouraged their husbands and their
children in the day of battle, and supported by
their presence their firmness and their valour.
Let them remember Jeanne Hachette, that illus-
trious woman of Beauvois, who on the slay of an
assault suddenly appeared upon the breach, snatch-
ed from an enemy's soldier the standard which he

was going to plant there, threw him over the
wall, and saved the town from pillage and confla-
gration. When the ettemy, who thoutght to de-
ceive us by perfidious proclamations, shall see all

France united under their protecting Government,
they will hasten to fly our country, and to aban-
don their projects of vengeance and ambition.

FROM THE GAZETTE DE FRANCE.

JAN. 10.—The Decree relating to the
organization of the National_ Guard of Paris,
commanded by his Majesty himself, is one of
those grand thoughts never fail :of their
. effect on such a generous people as the French.
At All times the capital was dear to our Princes
at all times they regarded it as a kind of palla-
dium. of the empire. But among the most re-
nowned of the Kings, its benefactors, which of
them, after. having appropriated so many trea7
sures to the embellishment and the prosperity of
this courageous city, ever gave it such-a mark
of honour ? At the moment wl,en the -Empe-
ror, after having ruformed in a magnanimous si-
lence, prodigies of activity more .astonishing,
perhaps, than the most brilliant successes, is
going to put himself at the head of his armies
he seems-to bid adieu in these terms to the faith-
ful inhabitants of Paris :—" I confide to you
the seat of the Empire, the centre of - all the su-
perior Powers, the guard Of the monuments of
the Arts, and of the trophies of. our victories.—l
deliver into your hands all that is Most dear to
me, my Spouse and my Son, the hope of the State
and mine. In the midst of my perils My thoughts
-dwelt among you. I have given you splendid
marks of my esteem, and my love. I give you to-
day the greatest of all." Here follows a long ar-
ticle, taking a view of part of the French history, .
particularly the.wars with England, the taking of
Guieuuc from Edward 1., the vain attempt of Ed-

ward 11. to re-cover it, the pretensions of lE;lward
111. to the Crown, the battle of Cressy, where
tlii French (says the Editor) lost a most decisive,
victory by the excess of their courage. The King.
being wounded, and forced to fly, arrived at a
castle. Then.. Cons:able appears—" Open the
gate," says hilip, "it is.the King, it is the for-
tune of France." A sublime expression which,
when the
..country is in danger, the French should
always bear in mind. The article concudes

Asmore fortunate Prince took advantage of the
brilliantqualifies of the French, and of their just
hatred of England.. The victory of Cocherel
ushered in the reign of Charles V. This return of
good fortune due to the intrepidity of the French,
electrified :he nation ; all desire to serve under
the lathoiis Duguesilin—all desire to die for the
safety of the country and of the Prince. Let us
remilse the enemy is the cry of war from Calais to
Bourdeaux. Charles, shut on in his capital,
has need of all his efforts to check in the French
that impetuosity which was so often fatal them.—
Let us let the English alone," said he; " they
will soon ruin themselves."

From that moment Edward, who believed
him-
self invincible, experienced nothing but disaster S..
Charles saw his strength increase with his vic-
tories. Five armies march under the banners'of
this Monarch, who, in the beginning of his reign,
conld scarcely collect MO men. The English
were every where defeated ; Charles re-annexed to
his Crown the provinces which they had too long
usurped ; the English bad only one place in the
kingdom still in their possession. The happy
times of Philip Augustus, St. Louis, and Philip
le Bo', are seen to revive.

FROM THE JOURNAL DE L'EMPIRE.

:PARIS, JAN. -12.—in the article which We pub-
lishcd
some days ago, in answer to the Deelara-
tion of the Allies-, we proved that it was not to
the ambition of France, but to the eternal jea-
! lousy of; her eneiiies, that. we must attribute all
the wars which have. desolated Europe during.the
last 20 years. We have given a clue to the secret
views of the Allied Powers. We will now stew
them in the fullest light, and for this we have only
to transcribe a page of history. The World re-
volves in a circle of events, ,which pass away and
return after the lapse of age& .

Thus the coalition- of )814 seems to be the
same as the coalition of 1'214 ! -and though 600
years have intervened, we find in both the same
yiews, the same passions, and almost the same
actors.—Let our readers peruse the following.
chapter, which we have extracted from "tJelly, and
they Will be struck with the astonishing siMilarify
of tWo such distant periods of our history.

EXTRACT FROM VELLY'S HISTORY OF PRAls:cr,
TOM-. 3. P. 474, &c.

" PHILIP H.—The successes of the King had
excited the jealousies of his enemies, all kogued
• together to humble so formidable a 1;,-,•.:2' : ili'ci.
Emperor Otho IV. the King of Etl'::0 id, ti.e
Count of Flanders, and many other. Ceunts and
Dukes, all equally formidable, as well on account
of their power as personal qualities, People ‘`vere
strangely Stirprised to see in the rant:s of the APies.
the Duke of Brabant, the King's son-in-law, the;
Count of Boy, his subject, and the Count of Na-
mur, a Prince of France. The Allied Princes
presumed so much on their numbers and strength,
that they divided France among them before they.
had conquered it. The Count of Flanders was to
have Paris and its environs, the, Count of Bou-
logne Vcrmandois, the King of England the pro-
vinces on the Loire, and the EMpeior, his
nephew, Burgundy and Champagne. The good
fortune and courage of the King brought him out
of this danger with the greateSt glory tha'Vbrid
ever been acquired by a King of France.
The brilliant victory which the King was on
the eve of gaining, was ushered in by the . success
of his son against King John, who had landi2d
at Rochelle with a pOwerftd army.
"The main stress of the war was on the side
of Flanders, where the Emperor, at the head of
200,000 men, was distributirg the provincs of
France which he considered as a certain. Cod- I
quest. ' ' .

" The King, though weaker, by above two-
, thirds, advanced, however, as tar as Tourney, in-
tending to give battle, if an opportunity should
offer of doing so with success,
" One cannot sufficiently praise the courage and
ability which he displayed in these critical circum-
stances. " Soldiers," said he," addressing ICs
troops at the moment of the battle, " think that
you have to day to defend your King, your fami7
lies, your property, your honour."
`` He was•answered with acclamations and cries
of Lo4live Philip ! we will die in Iris dr:fence
and that of the State.' Immediately the soldier,'
seized with new enthusiasm, prostrate theniklyes
at his feet, and ask his benediction, which he
gives them without hesitation-.
" The two armies met near the Village of Bo-
vines, between Lille and Tournay. The Emperor
had ‘vith, him the Eart of Salisbury, a bastard
brother of the King—Of 'Eiigldrid, the Count '6l
-Flanders, the Count -of Boulogne, the Dukes 'of
LeMburg, Brabant, anti Lorraine,, the count of
Namur, seven or eight German Princes, and
alVve 30 Lords Bjmieret. There Was no it,;e'rve,
so fully were the Allies, convinced that the French
_would b'e all cut, `to pieces, or taken at the first
onset. The French army had, ..among its prin-
cipal commanders, Eudes, Duke of Burgut-14 ;
Robert, Count of Dreux ; Philip, Robert's bro-
ther, Pierre de Courteriai, Count of Auxerre and
Nevers ; Etienne, Count of &incept ; John,
Count of Ponthieu ; Gauther, Count of St. Paid,
22 Lords Banneret, above 1200 Knights, and 7000
other men at arms. .

The action began a little Wore noon. The
right wing of the French was the first that en-
gaged. The 'Count -of St. Paul fell on the first
ranks, overthrew all he met, and pierced through
the whole line, which in this place was routed.
He was followed by the Count de Beaumont, by
Mathieu de Montmorency, and by the Duke of
Burgundy, who had with him the flower of his
Nobility, and ISO warriors of Champagne, ail'
distinguished by their eminent valonr. It was
there that they embattled most irregularly. Every
where were seen only horses killed, and horsemen
fighting on foot. Rising as soon as fallen, all in
this action displayed a courage which danger only
