NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

POtzTSMOUTII, MAY 24:—The Galatea, 42, Capt.
Sir Charles Sullivan, Bart. arrived on Thursday,
after a qttick passage from Malta, having sailed thence
on the evening of the 4th inst. Navarin, Medon,
and Alexandria, were under blockade, by the ships of
this and the French nation. The Russian squadron,
which was expected to be reinforced by Six sail of
the line from the Black Sea, had proceeded to the
Archipelago: The Ocean, bearing the flag of the
Vic6.Admiral Sir E: Codringft, with the :Etna
and Infernal bombs, were lying at Malta. The
French Admiral de Rigny was at Smyrna. The
Warspite, with some French ships, was cruising
off Navarin; she was shortly to proceed to
Xgina, to communicate with Count Capo
The Glasgow and Dryad were off Alexandria
the former will return to England on being relieved
by the Blonde. The Isis, with the broad pendant of
Sir Thos. Staines, was still at Carabusa, following up,
with great activityalestruction to piracy in tha* quarter.
All accounts agree in stating that a very cordial
feeling exists with the Russian and French Officers
towards those of Great Britain, but it is understood
that between the Russians and French, there is not,
evidently, that friendly understanding which marks
the intercourse of both with the English. During
the short period the Galatea was at Alexandria, on
the occasion of conveying Colonel Cradock, for the
purpose of holding a communication with Moham-
med Paella, the officers and men generously sub.
scribed a sufficient sum of money to redeem from
slavery one of the females included in that hapless
number who were cruelly torn from the Morea by
the Egyptians. The Galatea spoke the Talbot on
the 7th, on her passage from Marseilles to Malta,
and called off Algiers, where the Consul communi-
cated that an Algerine vessel had captured a French
frigate, by surprise, and carried her into • Bona.—
The Galatea, it is expected, will convey our Am-
bassador, Lord Heytesbury, to St. Petersburgli.
The Challenger, 28, Captain Fitzclarence, may
be hourly expected from Lisbon. She eailed from
the Tagus on the Bth instant.
Arrived this morning, the Onyx transport, Lieut.
Decceurdoux, agent, with stores and invalids, under
charge of Dr. Miller, from Malta, after a long pas-
sage; and the Amity transport from Deal.
The Spartiate, 76, Captain F. Warren, with the
flag of Vice-Admiral Lord Amelius Beauclerk,
K.C.8., arrived en Thursday from Lisbon, after a
tedious pasghge of 22 days, having left the Tagus on
the Ist inst. The Spartiate has brought home, be-
sides her own complement of Royal Marines, that
detachment of the corps which garrisoned Fort St.
Julien, and which were withdrawn from the fort on
the 29th ult. His Lordship struck his flag this
afternoon, and the Spartiate came into the harbour,
to be docked and refitted.

The Lyra, 10, Captain Kingcombe, and the
Falcon, 10, Lieut. W. F. Lapidge, arrived this
' morning from Plymouth. They bring about twenty
thousand pounds in specie, which the British mer-
chants shipped on board these vessels on their leaving
the Tagus, on the 13th instant. This shipment is
not to be construed into any alarm on the• part of
the British merchants, as to the security of their
property at Lisbon, but to be considered in the light
only of a mercantile remittance. The Terror bomb,
Capt. D. Hope, was hove down at Lisbon for repairs.
The Falcon will come into harbour to be paid off,
and her crew turned over to the Spartiate.
On Thursday arrived the Southworth transport,
Lieutenant Sanders, agent, in 33 days from Ber-
muda, sixteen of which she had been struggling in
the Channel. Archdeacon Spencer and Lady,
Li€uts. Nugent and M'Kenzie, of the 79th Regi-
ment, Mrs. Hire and family, and Mrs. Hutchinson
and family', are among the passengers by her. She
brings home returned stores of various descriptions,
with naval and military invalids, and a few pardoned
convicts. The convicts at Bermuda were proceed-
ing rapidly with the Dock-yard and Breakwater, the
latter of which had been carried out into forty-five
feet water. The Columbine, 18, was the only man-
of-war left at Bermuda, Rear-Admiral Sir Charles
Ogle, with the Hussar, 46, Tyne, 28, and Acorn,
18, having sailed for Halifax on the 10th ult.; the
Contest gun-brig, was daily expected with a supply of
specie; the Manly was at Newfoundland. The South-
worth is ordered ,o discharge her stores at Woolwich
and Deptford, and will take round an officer and 70
Royal Marines from the Spartiate, to the Chatham
division, which men lately formed part of the gar-
risen of Fort St. Julien, in the Tagus.
The Blonde frigate, Capt. E. Lyons, was at Gib-
raltar, on the Bth inst. The Wasp, 18, Com-
mander R. Dickinson, arrived there from Plymouth,
on the 27th ult.

The Wellesley, 74, Captain F. Maitland, C.E. is
fitting for the Mediterranean.
Ships at Spithead--Wellesley, Galatea, Lyra,
Falcon, Royalist. In Harbour—Victory, Spartiate.

Captains Bates and Payne, of the Chatham Divi-
sion of Royal Marines, are appointed to succeed
Lieutenant-Colonel Nichol!, and Captain Langden,
at the Island of Ascension.

Sir Robert Seppings, F.R.S., oae of the Sur-
veyors of the Navy, has this week given his attend-
ance at this port, to take a survey of the ships in
ordinary and under repair. Sir Robert proceeds from
this to Plymouth for the same purpose.
Alajor•General the Hon. G. A. C. Stapyltoa,
Chairman, and Dr. 'Weir, one of the Commissioners
of the Victualling Board, have this week paid a visit
to this port, for the purpose of giving directions re-
lative to the transfer of that branch of the depart-
ment here to Weovil. The determination to which
the Victualling Board has arrived, is to offer the whole
of the extensive stores on the South side of King-street,
with the residence of the Agent Victualler in St.
Thomas's-street, to public sale. We must repeat
our complaint at the impolicy of removing the
Victualling Establishment to Weevil, and still
persuade ourselves, that if representations, as strong
as the case imperiously demands, were made to
the proper authorities, the enormous expense attend-
ing it, upon the principle of its being uncalled for
by public exigency, might yet be saved to the coun-
try. It is now discovered that, to enable vessels to
take in stores at Weovil, at certain times of tide,
and to increase required wharfage. it is indispensable
to run out a jetty: this measure, with the formation
of a basin, which is contemplated, it is said, will not
only be a serious injury to, and innovation of the
harbour, but will increase the expence of the remo-
val of this bmuch of the service, to a sum little short
of a million sterling. So far from the charge being
calculated to benefit the service, competent Naval
Officers are decidedly of opinion that it will be im-
peded by it, from the increased distance of the spot
from the ships at anchor at Spithead; the incon-
venience that will arise on this score, indeed, is con-
sidered so great, that it is not improbable there will
be occasions, and those not 'infrequent, when the
necessary supplies cannot be obtained in time for the
seamen's dinner hour. There are, in fact, so many
considerations against the policy of this extravagant
step, it is still trusted, far as the measure has pro-
ceeded, it will yet be abandoned.

His Royal Highness the Lord High Admiral has
been graciously pleased to give a Commission in his
Majesty's Royal Marines at Chatham, to Mr. John
nephew to the late Captain G. A. Bell, of
tilltr,
corps,e s
who was killed at the battle of Navarin
,
on board of his Majesty's ship Asia. Mr. Hayles
was in the Asia at the time of the action.

Lieutenant J. Prattent, of his Majesty's ship
Ramillies, has been presented with the thanks of the
Committee at Lloyd's, and an elegant case of pistols,
of the value of twenty guineas, for the assistance
given by himself and boat's crew, to the ship
Katherine Stewart Forbes, free trader, on her pas-
sage from Bengal to London, when in a perilous
situation near the Goodwin Sands, on the night of
the 13th of April.

A meeting of the inhabitants of Gosport was held
on Thursday, for the purpose of petitioning Govern-
ment to re-erect the bridge across Haslar Creek.
The Navy contractor at Plymouth offers to supply
masters of vessels with the best ox, or heifer beef,

at threepence halfpenny per pounclJ by the carcase.
Green peas are also selling, in the same market, at
ss. 6d. per peck.
A wherry coming into the Harbour to-day from
Spithead, upset. The watermen were saved by the
promptitude of another wherry, passing at the time,
and by the exertions of Mt. White, Tide Surveyor
Of the Customs at this port, who instantly pulled off
to the spot in his gig, to afford assistance.
