THE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1840.

the French Government, and affect to regard as
quite treasonable and disgraceful the very shadow
of a concession to France. We pretend not to un-
derstand such language on the part of a Journal
pretending to support the MELBOURNE Ad-
ministration. It has a stock-jobbing sound,
which altogether puzzles and displeases us.
But on the part of the Tory Press, the riddle is
easily solved. The Tories want war, and are
growing fearful that there will be none. On war,
and especially war with France, rests their only
hope of overturning the Government. While,
therefore, they considered war to be imminent and
inevitable, they hypocritically clamoured for peace ;
but now that the preservation of peace seems to be
in good earnest probable, they are furious with rage
and disappointment. The Post, with a naivete
amusing from the breadth of its sheer absurdity,
hinted yesterday at a project for the utter extin-
tion of France I Heaven help the writer in the
Post stn.mld his friends take it into their heads to
call in question his capacity to manage his own
affairs. His project for tranquillizing Europe by
striking France entirely out of the map, would save
the mad doctors and the jury a world of trouble.
It does not follow as a consequence that be-
cause France is unreasonable or mad that England
should be so too. The most noisy in their
expressions of resentment are those who commit
faults, but want the greatness of mind to acknow-
ledge them. Indecent clamours indicate a con-
sciousness of weakness. Recriminations do not
embitter resentments only—they sow the seeds
of future hatreds. When, therefore, M.
ODILLON BARROT insulted the Urquhart-
ite deputation from Birmingham and New-
castle in the person of its mouth-piece, Mr.
CHARLES ATTWOOD, the French statesman was
guilty of an act of folly, of which we only care to
say that his lifetime may be too short to measure
all the bitter consequences. What we think of the
conduct of the Englishman who could place him-
self in so humiliating an attitude, and who so
utterly failed to sustain the dignity of his mission,
is a different affair altogether, and one which we
cannot contemplate without some degree of painful
vexation. Yet even in this case we deem it best to ab-
stain from all recrimination; firstly, because England,
conscious of her power, and of the solid rock upon
which her glory is based, stands in no need of such
retaliations ; and secondly, because it would be
doing injustice equally to France and England to
suppose them fairly represented at an interview be-
tween two such men as Mr. CHAS. ATTWOOD and
M. ODILLON BARROT. What Mr. ATTWOOD
is, our readers on this side of the Channel require
not to be told. M. ODILLON BARROT was a
patriot when patriotism was common, after the
" three glorious days," but he is now a candidate
for a seat in the Cabinet, with his friend, IVI.
THlErts, and already a placeman in expectancy.

On all sides, then, we desire the adoption of a
moderate and conciliatory tone. There is really so
very little grounds at present for any serious dis•
agreement between the two Governments, that no-
thing appears to us wanting but good temper, and
a wish to appreciate matters justly, to banish every
apprehension of an European convulsion.

After twenty-five years' peace England and
F ranee are again threatened with war, and anarchy
at home. The repeal agitation in Ireland, inefficient
though it be:.; the Chartist excitement in England,
partially hushed at present ; the poverty, distress,
and discontent, which are very extensive ; the late
outbreaks, the incipient sedition, the number of po-
litical prisoners, to say nothing of a falling revenue
with an increase of expenditure, indicate a condition
of society in England which, for our statesmen,
must be more awful than pleasing. The internal
condition of France seems, however, still worse.
There the half-maddened crowd already threaten
the State, and writers are stirring up the people to
deeds of violence by appeals to their worst passions,
The Journal des Debats, the most careful, the most
moderate, and perhaps the best informed of the
Paris Journals says, " There is on every side the
most furious excitement to insurrection, and the
most incredible outbreak of unbridled passions. Who
ever is suspected of being favourable to peace is
denounced as a traitor, a coward, an enemy to
France. The laws are openly set at defiance. The
Ministerial Democrats declare their contempt fcr
the Charter. The Crown they insult without mea.
sure or remorse. The Chambers they threaten,
and show them in perspective the vengeance of the
peop!e." "By violence of speech they prepare for
violence of action." At the end, then, of 25 years
of peace, France is threatened by a worse anarchy
than England.
Such a condition of society is prima facie evi-
dence against the Governments of both countries.
Of what consequence is.it to say that these Ministers
have passed wise laws, and that the KING has governed
vigorously, when the condition of society, so full
of alarm, testifies against a Government ? For
twenty-five years the two Governments have had
nothing to distract their attention from their home
concerns, and what have they done to improve the
condition of the people ? Society has, in truth,
in that time made considerable progress, but what
has either Government done to calm the passions,
improve the temper, or extend the knowledge
of the people ? For fifteen of those years the
elder BOURBONS in France, and the Tories in
England, laboured, to the extent of their ability,
to degrade and brutalise the bulk of the
people, denying them, as far as they could, all
moral knowledge but that which the priests deemed
to be for their welfare, excluding them from all po-
litical rights, coercing them into obedience, and
racking them with taxes to provide the
means of coercion. Almost every useful reform
was denied—every corruption retained. Nothing
was done for the people—everything for the aris-
tocracy and the priesthood. All that was contrary
to the course of society, and those two Govern-
ments were obliged to act throughout on a princi-
ple of violence. They governed by coercion, and
set their people the example of gratifying their
ambition and attaining their ends by violently
over-riding and subduing the will of other men.
What wonder, then, that, politically speaking, the
condition of society was as bad or worse in 1830 tha
in 1815? It was so bad that human nature coul
endure it no longer. A revolution changed the
dynasty in France, and the milder operation of a
change of Ministry prevented a revolution in
England.
What has been done for the people since ?
Almost as little as before. The hopes that were
born of the Barricades expired almost before these
were removed. Acting on a similar principle to
the King he superseded, Lours PHILIPPE has
for ten years continually laboured to coerce, while
he has flattered, the people. He has done little
more than add dissimulation and deceit, applied
well firmness and consistency, to the violence which
was the ruin of his predecessor. Emeutes and
massacres, murderous engines, and executions have
followed each other in rapid succession. To ex-
tend commerce, to improve education, to inculcate
respect for the rights of each other, by the Go-
vernment showing respect for the rights of the
people, seem scarcely to have entered the thoughts
of Louts PIIILIPPE and his Ministers. They
have been busy adjusting the affairs of
Spain, or the still less important affairs of
Turkey, while, month after month, and year after
year, the materials of anarchy halve been accumula.

ting with fearful rapidity under their feet. In one
or two, but ordy the most trifling particulars, have
the Revolutionary KING and his Ministers de-
parted from that arbitrary system of organized vio-
lence, miscalled government, which made the reign
of his predecessor deservedly unbearable by his
people. Again, then, France and the French Go-
vernment, are brought into a perilous condition, be-
cause little or nothing has been done, not even by
the removal of restrictions, during twenty-five years,
to occupy and delight the people with the arts of in-
dustry and peace.
England has not set a much better example.
Why, even now, there is only a talk of negotiating
a commercial treaty with France. Even now,
though the Reform Ministers have been ten years
in power, the bread tax—a more scandalous im-
post than the gabelle or the corvees which, before
the Revolution, were the scandal of France—still
takes bread out of the mouths of the people, and
chains them back, though they hunger for them,
from peaceful and profitable occupations. Par-
liamentary Reform aggravated the political depri-
vation and political injury previously inflicted on
the lower classes by the strong and distinct line of
demarcation drawn by the 101. suffrage. Their
hopes were excited, only to be destroyed. Their
exclusion from political power, though made
more striking and more insulting, would have
been of less impo!tance, had those who pos-
sessed it used it to do justice to the people ; but,
with the exception of a little talk about education,
and a little reduction of taxes, which have conferred
little or no benefit on the labouring classes, the
mighty heart of society, nothing has been done for
the excluded. There has been some peddling
about Church Reform, great assiduity in putting
down slavery at a distance, considerable exertions
in favour of Belgium and Spain, and now of Turkey;
a great desire expressed to extend the Church and
increase the number of the priesthood ; but nothing
has been done to include the masses within the pale
of the Constitution, and make them feel an interest ,
in the welfare of their brethren. On the contrary,
things have become so perverted, that the wealth
and comfort of others are insults to the
masses ; and a more embittered hostility, we
believe, now exists between the different classes,
and a deeper discontent with the Go-
vernment, than ever before were known in England.
The Whigs have unfortunately governed too much
in the spirit of the Tories. When a Radical Re-
form was needed, a reform in spirit and in truth,
like Louts PHILIPPE they have discarded only a
very few cf the errors which brought the political
power of their predecessors to a disgraceful close,
and, by continuing to act on the same general
system, the result is that the empire is threatened
by foreign wars and internal anarchy.
We deplore this " Condition of England," but
frankly own we know not how it is to be remedied.
There needs a new heart, as it were, in the ruling
classes. They must set the example of bearing some
of the burdens of society, and must cease to make
laws to escape them all. They must lay
aside their bad passions, their intense ava-
rice, their frightful rapacity, their continual
dishonesty, their unceasing infractions of the right
of property, before they can hope to see these pas-
sions regulated and subdued in the masses. 'They
must cease to seek their own ends by violence and
coercion, or they have no right to expect that the
masses will repudiate the use of similar means, or
not make it the study of their lives to ob-
tain wealth and power as they are obtained
by the priesthood and the aristocracy. Above
all, we should say, let them discountenance, both
by their words and their conduct, the present sys-
tem of the law-maker, perpetually interfering with
all the business and all the amusements of life,
making himself responsible for all the evils man-
kind may Le doomed to suffer, and let them give a
practical commencement to a more wholesome sys-
tem, by removing their most injurious restrictions
on industry and trade.

The Times of yesterday contained a letter,
signed " A Land-owner," and dated " Lancaster,
Oct. 13," which asserts, " the halcyon days of
farmers are long past, and poverty and want are
their chief attendants. Eighteen shillings per
week (the pay of a policeman), beyond his rent and
taxes, is a sum for which many a small farmer
would be deeply thankful." Can this be true ?
Is it the testimony of a land-owner ? Both are
highly probable. The farmers, we know, are, i❑
many places, very badly off. They are ruined by
the Corn-laws. We know, too, that, in a great
number of cases, the earnings of industry are not
equal to the wages given to those who are paid to
protect it. Crowds of young men are eager to get
situations in the police, or as letter-carriers, or as
watchmen, in the several public departments, be-
cause they cannot by honest industry earn any-
thing like as good wages as they can obtain in the
Government service. If this extend also to far-
mers, and they cannot get a good living by provid-
ing a good living for other people, there must be
something radically wrong in society. When pro-
ductive labour is not equally rewarded with the la-
bour of protection—when the farmer gets less
than the policeman, the agricultural labourer less
than the soldier—it may be expected that produc-
tive labour will be left for situations of soldiers and
policemen, industry will be without its reward, and
the subsistence of society be endangered.
If the halcyon days of farmers are long past,
when did they prevail ? They have had Corn-laws
for twenty-five years. Before the war terminated
there were no Corn-laws of any importance. Had
the farmers then halcyon days ? They got rich ;
they increased their establishments; they improved
their mode of living, and had halcyon days. If
tradition may be relied on, they had halcyon days
also before the year 1790. At least, the few years
previous to that period are traditionally remembered
by old farmers of our acquaintance as a time of
great prosperity, and then there was a free trade in
corn. However that may be, the statement that
the " halcyon days of farmers are long past, and
poverty and want are their chief attendants," while
the other classes are doomed to poverty and ruin
by Corn-laws, said to be enacted for the benefit of
the farmers, is full of instruction.

ANTI-CORN-LAW LECTURES.—We learn from the
Sheffield Independent that the indefatigable Mr. Ac-
lard is delivering Anti-Corn-law Lectures in that town
with great spirit and great effect. At Sheffield a Dr.
Holland published several articles favourable to the
Corn-laws, which made it necessary not to allow the
people to be deceived. Mr. Acland has been very suc-
cessful in refuting Dr. Holland's statement. In the con-
troversies which have been invited at the close of the
lectures—though Dr. Holland has not appeared in
them—Mr. Acland has replied to objections with ex-
cellent humour, as well as powerful reasoning. We
have not room for even an analysis of the lectures, with
a copy of which we have been favoured, as reported fir
the Independent.
WANT OF CAVALRY HORSES IN FRANCE.—AC-
cording to the German and French Papers there is a
great want of cavalry horses in France. Can this be
owing to the extensive system of hand cultivation by
small owners which now prevails in that country, and
which system some of our well-meaning but not over-
wise schemers are anxious to spread over England ?
The Chinese when they saw some English dancing asked
why they did not make their servants do that, and if they
had once seen horses at plough, or a steam-engine tear-
ing up the ground, and then saw the same service per-
formed by men painfully tending over the spade or hoe,
would they not ask " why not make your machines do
that ?" In France the extensive use of spade husbandry
teems to have checked the increase of horses, and to
Lave weakened ‘,re • ffieient arm of modern warfare, un-
less horses can be obtained from other countries,

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

COVENT-GARDEN.
Plants, 2s. to 2s. 6d. ; Celery,
3s. to 4s. per doz. ;
Onions, 3s. 6d. to 49. 6d. per sieve.; Carrots, 4s. to 4s.
6d. per dozen bunches; Brocoli, 4s. to 12s. ; Turnips,
3s. per dozen bunches; Apples, 2s. to 12s. per bushel;
Spinach, h. 6d. to 2s. per sieve.
NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL.
A good supply. Trade wns dull, and prices rather
lower. English Eggs, 63. to is. 61, and French, 4s. to
. ppeerrls2trom.e
eßfeBeifb,.9s. 4d. to 3s. 101 ; Mutton, 3s.
to 4s. 2d. ; Veal, 3z. 4d. to 4.. Bd. ; and Pork, 3s. to
45.65. d•
d 610
WHITECHAPEL MARKET.
There was a less supply of Meat at market than usual,
but the demand not being large, the supply was sufficient.
Prees declined a little. Beef, 3s. to 3s. BJ. ; Muttons
3s. 4d. to 3s. 101 ;
Lamb, 3s. Bd. to 4s. 10d. ; Pork,
3s. to ss.

WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKEL'.
TLe market has been well supplied during the seek,
an I there has been a good demand, and prices have been
fully supported. Clover 41. 108. to 61. ; Meadow Hay
31. to 5/. ; Straw 1/. 13s. to 1/. 165.

TEA MARKET.
Prices were firm for free trade, and a good demand
existed for both Black and Green sorts. For Company's
Congou, 2i. 41 was asked for cash, but not many buyers.
TALLOW MARKET.
Prices were steady for Russian Tallow at 525. 33. on
the spot, and 525. 6d to 53i. for arrivals, but the demand
was limited ; both soap-makers and chandlers purchase
with caution.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, FRIDAY.—There is
not any improvement in the appearance of the market
this week ; the demand continues very moderate, and
prices may now be quoted generally at one-eighth per
cent. lower within the fortnight for American descrip-
tions, particularly the inferior qualities. Surat go off
steadily at previous rates. Brazil heavy of sale. No
change in Egyptian, and Sea Islands rather inclined to
improvement. Speculators have taken only 350 bales
this week, and export buyers 140. The sales to-day
are 3,500 bales, of all kinds.
LIVERPOOL. SHARE LlST.—Eastern Counties, Bj-;
Grand Junction, Half Shares, 902 ; Great Western,
Half Shares,43 424, cx. 1-sth 45 46 ; Liverpool and
Manchester, Quarter Shares, 422 ; ditto, Half Shares,
85 ; London and Birmingham, 157 155-4- 155 151 ;
ditto, 32/. Shares, 421 ; ditto, Quarter Shares, 23i 23 ;
South Western, 49g. Scarcely any business doing,
prices worse.

We hare received Buenos Ayres Papers to the 19th
of July.
This day (18th instant) completes the 884th day of
the blockade.
A Brazil Mail has arrived by the Delight, sailed 13th
August, but it is of an old date.

The quarterly average of the weekly liabilities and
assets of the Bank of England, from the 21st July to
October 13, 1840, both inclusive, have been published,
from which it appears as follows :
Circulation
This quarter 17,231,000

Less this uarter....... 32,000
Deposits 7,675,000
This quarter.. 6,762,000

Less this quarter 913,000
Securities

This quarter 22,782,000

Less this quarter 625,000
Bullion
This quarter..

Less this quarter

308,000

THE FUNDS.
Consols, left off yesterday at 671 for Money ; and
871 4 for the Account ; at present may be quoted 871
for the 26th November ; Money, 864 87 ; this decline
may be attributed to the attempt to assassinate the
King of France and the fall of the French Funds ; Ex-
chequer Bills, 2 4 prem. ; Bank Stock, 164 165 ;
India Stock, 244 246.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active which left
off at 221 4, may be quoted at 214 224 ; Deferred, •
l 0 I 1 ; Passive, 51 1 ; Portuguese, 321 4 ; Three
per Cents., 214 ; Colombian, 224 ; Brazilian, 73 75 ;
Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 491 il ; Five per
Cents:, 944.
SHARES.—Great Western Railway, 12 14 prem.,
ex-fifths ; London and Brighton, 12 111 dis.; Black-
wall, 4 31 dis. ; Birmingham, 68 70 prem. ; Southamp-
ton, 51 152 per share ; Croydon, 10 i 11 per share ;
Greenwich, 6 7 per share ; Manchester and Birming-
ham, 15 14 dis.
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE.
RAILWAYS. Paid. Per Share.
Great Western
Ditto New
Gosprt Junction
London and Brighton
London and Birmingham 9O 154
Ditto 4 Shares.
London and South Western 3Bs sos to 504
'fork and North Midland
COURSE OF EXCHANGE—( YESTERDAY).
Amsterdam CF. 12 4* I Gibraltar 4B
Date, at eight 'l2 1* Leghorn .
Rotterdam 2U. 12 b Genoa
Antwerp
Hamburg... ...... M.D. 13 10 Venice r. 4.... 47
Altona - . • 40:4
Paris, 3 days' sight
Ditto, 3 months 25 50 Lisbon 524,,
Marseilles
Ilourdeaux
Frankfort on Maine ...1484 I Bahia
Petersburg, 3 Us 37 1 Buenos Ayres
Berlin
!Vienna, efrecA• 3AI lO 2 Philadelphia
Trieste, ditto lO 3 , PRICE OF BULLION, PER OZ.
Madrid 36 Portugal Gold(oin £0 0 0
Cadiz 36 Foreign Gold, bars 3 18 0
Bilboa
Barcelona
Seville ... ........ ___ .. 36 : Silver in Bars 0 5 oli
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, OCT. 15.
3 per Cent. Consols
Three and Half Stock 9ss ; Grand Canal Stock ...... ...
Ditto Debs. 6 per cent... 85
DittoDi
tto
:R Reduced el d 830... :
..
:: : : _
9641 Ditto 4 per cent ... 53
3$ per Cent. Debs. ...... 88$ I Rosal Canal Stock
BOURSE ---PARISt THURSDAY, OCT. 15.

Price
HighestPLotrcepst
pl,..akset
French 5 per Cents ............ 106 ... 106 53 105 95 ... ;06
4% per Cents ..... 97 ... 97 ••• 97 *" 97
3 per Cent 5..,...,..... 7.) 30 72 80 ... 71 C 0 ... 71 90
Hank of trance ............... 2850 _2BOO ... 2,50 ...29,0
I.Alitte Bank 1,0001. IMO OS ... 093 ... ¶,93
5,0001. Sh 5005 ...5010 ... 5005 ..5010
Belgian Bank ................. Bto ... 8(5 ••• 800 ..• 805
5 per Cents 93N ... 93 9314
3 per Cents 6l 64 25 ... 63 70 ... 64 '25
Spanish Active t2% 22% ••• 22% '-`2%
Passive 5 ... 5% ...
Don Miguel
Neapontan OB 98 'JO ... 08 30
itoman 9i ... 97% ... 98
RAILWAY SHARES.

it. Germain
Versailles, K. B .
340 ... 345 ••• 340 ... 340
LB.
Orleans ..
Strasburg to Bale ,..30
.., 3:17 50 ... 330 ... 337 50
HALF-PAST ONE.
The British Queen steamer, from New York, has ar-
rived off Portsmouth. No papers or letters received
as yet.
It is reported that the brokers interested in the late
Hebrew failure have received some hopes of being paid
in full in a few days.
It is not expected that the intelligence by the British
Queen will be of importance, being only one day than
the Britannia, received yesterday.
The British Market, which was heavy in the early
part
of the morning at 87* for the Account, has since
improved. The following are the fluctuations during
BtheBa m6o rBn7i nig
is—. 87i i ; at present 574- ; for Money,
Exohequer Bills. 4 2 prem. ; Bank Stock, 163± 163 ;
India Bonds, 13 14 dis.
Spanish Active 22* ;
In the Foreign Market very little has been done to
o;•and-a-Half per Portuguese,
Cents. 49i.
and shares are lower.
Great Western
2SI i ; London tad
t3h2elT
present
;Dutch
a Share e
South Western
Midland, 64±.
Money 431 " fifths ; London and Brightman,
Bi mingham, 154, a fall of 61;
61.0 lower, 50,1 i- i ;York
and North
in the Consol Market only 3
per cent.
hmorrauvvrrket
inactive,

REGISTRATION.-MIDDLESEX.
(THIS DAY.)

The Learned Revising Barristers resumed their
sittings this day at the London Coffee-house.
(Before Mr. COVENTRY.)
Mr. COVENTRY revised the lists for the parishes of
St. Andrew, Holborn ; Saffron-hill, Linco!n's Inn, and
Gray's Inn.
Dr. John Brereton, head master of the Bedford
School, and who claimed for a freehold life-interest in
portion of rents of houses in Harpur-street, Red Lion.
square (part of the Bedford estate), was• objc-Tted to by
the Reformers.

Mr. Coppock submitted that Dr. Brereton's office
was not one which entitled him to vote. It could not
be considered an appointment for life, as he was liable
to be removed for just and reasonable cause.

Mr. COVENTRY, however, held that it was a free-
hold office for life, in right of which he was entitled to
vote, and the claim was therefore admitted.
The Rev. Henry Le Clerk Mesurior, the head
Usher of the school, was also objected to by the. Refor-
mers on the same ground, but was retained on the

register.
Charles Brereton, John Furze, Charles K. Hall,
John Moore, Edward Swann, and William Swepson,
under-ushers of the school, were expunged from the list,
Mr. Coventry considering that they had not a freehold
appointment.
Mr. Jacob Jacobs, whose qualification was stated on
the register to be for a freehold house, No. 6, Sweeting's-
alley, was objected to by the Reformers.
Mr. Coppoek said that the house had been pulled
down and excavations made in the ground for building
the new Royal Exchange. Although Mr. Jacobs
had, perhaps, a right to be retained in the register, yet
he could not vote without subjecting himself to a pro-
secution, for he certainly had not the same qualification
as was described in the list.

Mr. Jacobs was much obliged to Mr. Coppock for
his hint, but as he was himself a lawyer, he would
exercise his own judgment. The fact was, his lessee,
to whom he had let the house for nineteen years, had
suffered it to be pulled down without his consent, and
he thought it would be very hard if he were deprived
of his vote in consequence of an act to which he was
no party.
The name was retained on tha list.
(Before Mr. SHADWELL.)
Mr. SHADWELL revised the Parochial Lists of St.
Sepulchre, St. Giles'-in-the-Fields, St. George, Blooms-
bury, and the Liberty of the Rolls.
Result of the day's proceedings—
St. Andrew, Holborn, and St. George the Martyr.
Liberal, taken 33, sustained, 20.
Tory, taken 16, sustained 10.
Saffron.hill.
Liberals, taken 4, sustained 2.
Tories, taken 1 sustained :.

Lincoln's-inn.

Liberals, taken 1, not sustained.
Tories, taken 4, sustained 2.
Gray's-inn.
Liberals, taken 1, not sustained.
St. Giles'-in-the-xiel3s.
Overseers, taken 15, sustained 15.
Liberals, taken 15, sustained 13.
Tories, taken 8, sustained 5.
St. Sepulchre.
Liberals, taken 2, sustained 2.
Tories, taken 10, sustained 2.
The Liberty of the Rolls.

Overseers, taken l,not sustained.
Liberals, taken 1, sustained 1.
Tories, taken 4, sustained 2.
The Learned Barristers will resume their labour on
Monday next at the Sessions House, Westminster.

LLO YD'S SHIPPING-(THIS DAY.)

LONDON, OCT. 17.—Wind this day at noon, moderate,
north-w,:stery breeze, and hazy weather.
PLYMOUTH, OCT. 16.—Wind, N. \V.—Sailed the Sir
Charles Fo, bes, Bacon. Port Philip, with the wind-bound.
FALMOUTH, Ocr. 15.—Wind variable.—Arrived the
Merlin. Richards, labia.
BRISTOL, OCT, IG.—Arrived the Duke of Gloater,
Farr, from Cuba.
SCILLY, OCT. Ig.—Arrived the Honor, Barker, from
Denia ; Marmora, Burkes, Constantinople ; Dart, Denia.
DOVER, OCT. 16.—Arrived the Atkinson, M'Donald,
from Newcistle. after having been on the Goodwin Sands,
and sailed for Monte Video.
OFF THE START, OCT. 13.—Arrived the Cornet,
Ifalslop, from Rio Janeiro.
Stirfir.ns, OCT. 15.—Arrived the Clio, Brodie, from
Halifar ; Meanwell, Sims, Quebec ; Princess Victoria,
Fcrgusson, ditto; Grenville Bay, Taylor, Davis' Straits,
clean.

SUNDERLAND, OCT. 15.—Arrived the Jubilee, Giant,
from Quebec.

CRooKHAvEN, Ocr. 13.—The Velocity, Jones, from
Limerick, struck on a rock in the Shannon, and having
been hauled on the beach at this place, the fore part of the
keel was found to have been carried away.
SCILLY, OCT. 13.—The cargo of the Flying Fish, from
Liverpool to Syra, has been discharged, very much da-
maged.

VESSELS SPOKEN WITH.—The General Brock, from
Africa to London, 4th instant, let. 50, lon. 10 ; Comet,
Rio Janeiro to Liverpool, lat. 49, lon. 9, by the Jean Bap-
tiste, arrived at Falmouth. Athol, Crawford, Clyde to
Quebec, 9th ult., off St. Ann's, by the Triton, Wilson, ar-
rived in the Clyde. Caroline, August 7, lat. 34 S, (cm.
27 E. ; Inglis, 9th ult., off Cape of Good Hoge;
barque No. 8,943, standing eastward, 11th, lat. 34 S., log.
24 E. ; Orwell, outward bound, 16th ult., lat. 12 N., lon.
26 W. ; Nautilus, with loss of mizen and maintopmasts, cff
the Cape, 26th, lat. 21, lon. 35, which had spoken the
Orestes, Liverpool to Bombay; Vibelia, standing East sth
instant, lat. 48, lon. 27 ; John Knox, Bombay to Liver-
pool, 6th, lat. 48, lon. 17 ; Warsaw, Sumatra to Genoa,
July 27th, lat. 28 S., lon. 41 E. ; Pekin, bound to the
Clyde, 13th instant, off the Mull of Kintyre, by the
William Sharples, 11I'Lelland, arrived at Liverpool. Brig
Wellington, of Bristol, sth inst, ; John Bell, of New
Ross, from Quebec, 9th; Mary Anne, of Leith. 13th, off
Cape Char, by the Britannia, arrived at Liverp-01.
Countess of Wilton, Liverpool to Leghorn, 29 h u t ,
lat, 27 ; Lord Castlereagh, Ist inst., lat. 37, by the Mil-
ton, Alexander, arrived at Cork. Endeavour, Hull to
Mirimiehi ; Andrew Ponder, Bri_tol to Quebec, 14th
inst., tat. 47, lon. 36, by the John Romilly, Kenstall,
arrived at Newfoundland. Moffat, Gilbert, and John Bull,
Ormond, both from Bombay to London, 14th ult., lat.
12 N., lon. 25 W. ; Generat Kyd, Jones, China to Lon-
don, 26th, lat. 38, lon. 40; Drornio, of Boston, 27th,
lai. 38, lon. 10, by the Bucephalus, Small, arrived in the
C yde.

E YEN IN G

FRATRICID

C U
_

,I ESA

•
. ;
(From the Gaze • 77.rditints410:3
Annet Piotte, aged 85, a m•
(ran-511;e difier of
two children, was clisrgcd w hi the murder of his
brother. 'File station aml high reputation of the pri-
soner made it difficult to comprehend the motive he
had for the commission of the crime.
His mother gave him on his marriage the sum of
1,000 francs. Wishing, it appears, to behave in equal
manner to her children, she placed her second son,
Jacques, in the military service, and bought him a com-
mission, to complete which she . borrowed money.
Annet was irritated at this liberality, and when his
mother died, and he came to take possession, his angry
spirit grew with the difficulties that surrounded him.
He was obliged to go to law, and, doubtless, a faval
thought was already germinating in his mind.
In the night of the 6th or 7th of June last he went
to the dwelling-house of his brother. He knocked
at the wilidow of the chamber where his brother and
his young wife slept. Jacques awoke ; he opened the
window, and his brother informed him that he had
received a letter from Theirs relative to their affairs,
and said it was necessary they should at once leave for
Paris. Jacques refused to take such a journey in
the middle of the night, and went to bed. Annet
then complained of being fatigued, and asked for sbme
broth ; his brother called the servant, and desired her
to get up and prepare it. Annet said he woald not
give them so much trouble, he would tie satisfied with a
glass of water, and asked his brother to bring him one
Jacques, to do this, got out of bed again, and had not made
many steps when a loud report was heard. He fell, crying
" I am killed !" His wife directly rushed to the spot, call-
ing for help. 'When assistance came, they found the
unfortuaa:e Jacques weltering. in his blood, which was
flowing fast from an extensive wound in the ab-
domen. They carried him to his bed, a physician
was called in, but all was of no avail. Jacques
was mortally wounded, and he died, after enduring
hJurs' suffering. Who was his murderer? E-very
body pointed at the accused. His very victim had
charged him with the crime. ; he cried," It is my brother,
it is Annet who shot me." At the time, too, when the
accused had appeared at the window to call his brother,
his wife saw his figure by the of the moon, and also
recognised his voice. The servant and a workman had
likewise heard the conversation between the two
brothers.

Annet, alive to the terrible accusation against .hint,
endeavoured to avert its consequence by producing
evidence on his own behalf. He attempted to suborn
two persuns—he dragged one of them to the house
of the Mayor, after having made him drunk—to de-
clare that they had passed the night together ; after-
wards he went to the bed where his brother was lying
in the last agonies of death ; he offered him his :-
hand, the band that had given the fatal blow! the
dying man refused it, and accused him of being his mur-
derer. Aunet then threatened him that he would indict
him before the tribunal for slander. However, justice be
came acquainted with the facts, the King's Procureur ar-
rived. Annet preseets himself to bins. Ile counted, no
doubt, upon the disposition of the witnesses whom he had
suborned to nullify the accusation brought against
him. However, he was arrested, and confronted
with the corpse of his brother. The falsity of his
alibi was soon discovered. He became agitated, and
his frame appeared paralysed, end at last the terrible
secret which had remained in his breast was divulged
—he made a confession to the gendarmes of his crime..
it was hatred, he said, prompted him to the commis
sion of the crime. lie also said, that finding
himself alone on the 6th of' June, he loaded his gun.
with projectiles of different species ; that he went into
his cellar, where he " drank a good draught to give him
courage ;" and that he walked with all possible speed
the two leagues that separated his brother's dwelling
from his own. The rest is known.
This confession he repeated before the Magisterial
authorities with the same details and same circum-
stances. He indicated the spot where he left his gun
after the crime had been committed. He also showed
his ammunition.
Such were the heavy charges brought against the
accused,

At the examination of the witnesses was present the
widow of the murdered man, a young woman who is
not more than 18 years of age.
When the President proceeded to interrogate the tic.
cured, his sobs prevented his articulating a word in
reply. The President then took his seat closer to
Annet and proceeded to ques:icn him. He then pre—
sented a penitent and grievous appearance, that of a mart
quite eperdit, gasping and struggling against the facts,
the evidence and danger of which he perceives, catching
eagerly at the last chance of safety which seems ever to
elude him. Tots horrible struggle lasted more than an.
hour. He then withdrew his confession, maintained;
that he had kited his brother by accident when he carne
to the window by making a false step, which brought
his gun in contac with the window sill, and accidentally
discharged it, and that he regretted above everything
this misfortune, for he was very fond of his brother.
This line of defence was of no avail. M. Jallon,
the Advoc.,te-General, easily proved its improbability
by all the circumstances of the case, showing likewise it
was incompatible with the situation of the place where
the crime was committed.
The defence was powerless. Toe Jury, after tl-..ree
quarters of an hour, gave a verdict of guiity on ad the

- -
charges.
Annett Piotte was condemned to death. He ap-
peared plunged into a state of insensibility, and was led.
away in a state of unconsciousness.

THE JOCKEY CLUB.—At a meeting of the
Jockey Club, held yesterday, to consider the propriety of
abolishing the first October meeting, a proposal to that
effect was negatived by a large majority.

lGthHeLHAiglihDlaSt.l--ds Ord-
toterrilisEoften EaA Lie! E settled mHoEn t in
the present seems destined to be no exception to the'rtaile.
n
Warm sunny weather now prevails in the north, and the
concluding portion of the harvest will be gathered under
highly favourable circumstances. A gentleman in Bade_
nosh complains of partial damage from frost, and conti-
nued rains, up to the middle of last week ; but we have
more cheeting accounts from Ross shire. One fanner
staics that he has got his crops in, and instead of twenty
stacks, which he had last year, he has now forty. vrt
know another in the immediate nighbourhood of this town,
whose crop is alio doubled.—lnverness Courier.
WINES IN FRANCE.—PARIS, OCT. 12.—The,
vintage has terminated in every part of France, with the,
exception only of the districts of La Brie and the Gate-
uais. The wine is throughout of very fine qualty, and
may be considered equal to the produce of the year 1838„
and likely to realize the sample prices then obtained.
FRAUDULENT DEBTORS.—A paragraph ap-
peared in the papers of Thursday, stating that-it was in-
tended to bring forward the subject of remanded insolvent
debtors before the Court of Common Council, with the
view of stndin,g the prisoners remanded for fraud to the
county prisons, and not to allow them, as at present, to
mix with the unfortunate debtors preparing to appear be-
fore the Insolvent Court. It is impossible to carry such
an intention into effect without a statutory authority.
Neither the Insolvent Debtors' Court nor the Court of
Common Council can alter the custody of a debtor.
PARISII OF ST. MARYLEBONE.—Yestaraay
a general meeting, of the Directors and Guardians of the
poor of the parish of St. Marylebone, took place in the
Board-room of the Workhouse, New-road, for the purpose
of considering a proposition, of which notice had beeni
given, for raising the salary of the Rev. P. Moody. the
chaplain to the Workhouse, 50/. a-year. Mr. Nisbut
moved that the salary of the chaplain be raised from 1501.
to 2001. a-year, which was seconded by Mr. Grange, and
after a long discussion, in which considerable asperity was:
displayed by the speakers, the motion was lost by a majority
of three—the numbers being, for the motion 9, against
it 12.
