FRIDAY, AUGUST 15, 1817.

CONTRACT FOR KENTISH RAG STONES.
Natw.ollice, Aug. 14, 1817.
THE PRINCIP4L OFFICERS and COM-
MISSIONERS of HIS MAJESTY's NAP? do
hereby give Notice, that on Thursday, the 21st Instant, at
One o'clock, they will be ready to treat with such Persons as
may be willing to Contract for supplying his Majesty's Yards
at Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham, and Sheerness, with
KENTISH RAG SCONES.

Form 'spit,. Tender may be seen al this Office. No Ten-
der will be ?retired 'after One o'Clnc4 on the day of Treaty,
moron!, ?tallied,- unlesslhe party, or an dlyent tn. him', at-
tends.,

Every Tender must be accompanied by a Letter addressed
to the Novo Board, and signed by two responsible Persons,
engaging to become bound with the Person tendering, in the
Sum of 6001. for the due. performance of the Contract.

This Day was published, Bro. price 7s 6d.
STATEMENT respecting the EARL of SEL-
KIRK'S SETTLEMENT' upon the RED 'RIVER, in
NORTH ANIERICA ; its Destruction in 1815-6; and the
Massacre of Govet nor Semple and his Party. With Observa-
tions upon a recent PubliCation, entitled " A Narrative of
Occurrences in the Indian Countries," &c.

Printed for John Murray. Albemarle-street.

THE BRITISH LADY'S MAGAZINE.

./rOWARDS improving and enlarging this va.
111 leable Publication Mr. MACKAY has employed seve-
ral additional Writers, most unquestionably men of eminence
and talent, whose united understanding will enable him to
on the Ist of September, the most learned and ac-'
complished NVork of the kind that ever was attempted in this
or any other Country.
The uniform and matchless splendour of Mr. Nl.'s print-
ing, Drawings, and Engravings in this Worli, are seen on the
Toilette of every accom;ili.hed and intelligent British Lady,
to whose service its pages, are devoted with integrity, con-
sistency, and zeal.
Printed for D. Mackay, 44, Ness...'ate-street ; W. Black-
wood, Edinbargh; and .1. Cumining, Dublin.

FOR THE HEAD AND EYES.
THE CORDIAL CLPHALIC SNUFF is a
most grateful and effectual Remedy for Disordors in the
Head, especially the common Head Ach. It removes Drow-
siness and Giddiness; relieves Dimness of the Eyes; is ex-,
cellent in curing recent Deafness; and is of great Service in
Hysteric and Paralytic Complaints, and in restoring the Me-
mory when impaired by Disorders of the Head. It is also a
Preservative against Infectious Air.
Sold by the Proprietiers, E. Newbery and Sons, No. 4b, St.
Paul's Church-yard, the third house from Cheapside, London;
and Brodie and Co. on the New Canal, Salisbury, in Canisters,
price Is. lid. each ; but if purchased elsewhere, observe that
the words, " F. Newbcry, No. 45, St. Pauls," are engraved
iu the Statups.

111 HE PATENT IMPERIAL DINING-TA-
/L. TILES, and PATEN't"PRAFALGAR SIDEBOARDS
mil DINING-TABLES, in one elegant I'icce of Furniture,
And upon Five new different Plan's ; the Patent ImprovedSola
Beds and Chair Beds; Brass-screw Four Post, and Tent
liedsteads, Furuiture and Bedding complete ; Portable
Chairs, %.itti acs crni „tb,, n'" invented and improved articles
al furniture; a general and rely extensive assortment of
Upholstery and Cabinet Articles for furnishing Houses com-
plete, ready manufactured, where Families may select and
furnish a whole House in a few days, avoiding the extreme
inconvenience of waiting several Months in completing their
Establishment.
East and West India Articles, Army and Navy, &c. &c. by
..lorgan and Sanders, tri and 17, Catherine-street, Strand, on
terms the most moderate, for prompt payment.

'of money indorsed upon the back of the Writ, shall he more
than sufficient to satisfy the amount of the sum scr indorsed
upon the Writ, such Oveirpitis shall be paid into the Court of
Exchequer, together with the said amount indorsed upon the
said Writ; and the said Court shall, upon any summary ap-
plication or oupiications, make such order, ..for the return,
disposal, or distribution of any such surplits, or any part'
or proportion thereof, as rto the said Court *ball appear to be
proper.

111. Providel always, and be it further enacted, That no-
thing in'this Act contained, and no seizure of any debt into
the hands of his Majesty, or part recovery or payment of such
debt, or other troceetling,had under of in pursuance of this
Act, or in relation to the applying for, obtainiug,„ or execut-
ing any such Wit, or
,disposing of any such Qverphiss shall
affect or in ally clarinet prejudice, either at Lew or its Squity,
any right, claim,. or deniand.of the person or persons to whom
•such. debt shall lave been due or owing, when seized into his -
Majesty's hands, o,r his or, their assignee or assignees, pr ex-
ecutor or executir, or administrator or administrators, as to
the remaining part of such debt, or as to the suing any per-
son or !,':es,sts sgaiust whom arty such Writemil haveissned, •
or 17,1sote hAds origutds shall, hare beers seized or taken nudes
any attria Writ; fa: •ate residue or remaining part of such debt,
or as to the recovery ot,or receiving any residue or remaining
part of any debt SO seized or in part levied, recovered, or
paid, or any further or other debt seized or sued for under
or by virtue of any such Extent, but still remaining due and
unpaid, either in the whole or in part; but that it shall be
lawful for any person or persons as aforesaid, his or their as
signee or assignees, executor or executors, or administrator
or administrators, to demand, sue for, and recover the re-
mainder of any such debt so seized, or any other debt or
'deists, by the like process and in the same manner as if no
such Extent in Aid had issued ; any thing contained in any
Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary
notwithstanding.
IV. And be it further enacted, That front and after the
passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any person or
persons, companies or societies of persons, corporate or not
corporate, who shall or may be indebted to his Majesty by
simple contract only ; nor for any such person or persons.
companies or societies, who shall or may be indebted to his
Majesty by bond for answering, accounting for, and paving;
any particular duty or duties, or suns or sums of tuoney,which
shall arise' or become due and payable to his Majesty frchn
such person or persons, companies or societies respectively
for and in respect and in the course of his or their particular
trades, manufactories, professions, businesses, or callings;
nor for any Subdistributor of Stamps who shall have given
bond to his Majesty; nor for any person who shall have givell
bond to his Majesty, either jointly or separately, as a surety
only for some other debtor to his Majesty, until such surety
shall have made proof of a declaim' having been made upon
him on behalf of 'his Majesty, in consequence of the '
performance of the conditions of the bond by the principal.
and then only to the amount of the said demand ; to sue opt
and prosecute any Extent or Extents in Aid, by reason or on
account of any such debt or debts to his Majesty. respectively,
for the recovery of any debt or debts due to such person or
persons, companies or societies, or to such Snbdistrihntot of
Stamps or surety as aforesaid ; and that all and every comT
mission and cottnuissions to find debts, Extent and Extents
in Aid, and other proceedings Which shall be so issued or in-
stituted at the instance of or for such simple contract or bond
debtor or debtors respectively, and all proceedings there-
upon, shall be null and void: Provided always, that nothing
herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to
preclude or prevent any persons who shall or may become
debtor or debtors to Isis Majesty by simple contract pnly, by
the collection or receipt of any money arising from his Ma-
jesty's revenue for his Majesty's use, from applying for and
suing out a iy Commission or Commissions, Extentor Ex•
tents in Aid, in case one or more of such persons shall be
bound to his Majesty by bond or specialty of record in the
j;„,, ,iivrermg, securing, paying
over, or accounting ha-to his Majesty, the particular duties
or sums of money which shall constitute the deist that may
be so then due from such person or persons to his Majesty;
any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-
standing.
V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, 'that
no Extent in ,Aid shall be issued on any bo d given by any
persons as a surety or sureties for the paying or accounting
for any duties which may become due to his Majesty front any
body or society, whether incorporated or otherwise, carrying
on the business of insurance against any risque, either of fire
or of any other kind whatever.

Vi. And he it further enacted, That it shall and may be
lawful fur any person or persons who may now or shall here-
after be imprisoned under or by virtue of any Writ of Capias
in any Extent. or Extents in Aid, to apply to the Barons of
his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland,
or to any Baron of the saute Court in Vacation, fur his, her, or
their discharge, giving one am ,th's previous notice in writing
to the person or persons to whom he, she, or they owed the
debt or sum or sums of money for which he, she, or they is
or are so imprisoned, at the shoe such debt was seized under
such Extent in Aid, of his, her, or their intention to mahe
sech application, and stating in such notice the ground of
such atylication. and an enumeration and description of all
and every the property, debts, and effects whatsoever of such
person or yersoLis in his, her, or their own possession or
power, or in the possession or power of any other person or
persons for his, her, Or their use; and fort he said Court, or
arty such Baron in Vacation to whom such application shall
be made. to order such person or persons to be brought
before them or him to be' cxamined upon oath trenching
and concerning his, her, or their property and effectS; and
if such person or persons respectively shall upon such exa-
mination make a full disclosure of all his, her, or their
property-and effects, to the satisfaction of the said Court
or Baron, or it shall otherwise appear reasonable and pro-
per to such Court or Baron that. such person or per-
sons should be no longer imprisoned under such Writ, for
such Courtor Baron to order a Writ of Supersedeas quuail
Corpus to be issued out of the said Court for the liberation of
such person or persons from such imprisonment: Provided
always, that no such liberation as aforesaid shall be beld'or
deem,4l to satisfy or supersede sich Extent in Aid err any
proceedings thereon, except as to such imprisonment as
aforesaid, or the debt or debts seized under and by virtue
thereof, and for which such person or persons shall be so im-
prisoned.

Ruconnßies Rro?nnT.—On Wednesday the Re-
corder made a Report to the PRINCE REGENT of
the following Gipital Convicts in Nervgate, viz. :
Alexander Steel, foi. stealing in a dwelling-house ; James
Higgs, David Barnard, Thomas Grogan, Thomas Howard,
John Jackson, Thomas JonA, and John Roper, for like of-
fences ; Drummond, Elijah Swainson, and 'Filomas
'Wainwright, alias Leonard, fur highway robin, y ; Thomas
Herring, ,for burglary; Edward Egan, William Jones, James
Pitsfield, Dear, George Ralf, John Parker, and Tho-
mas Hall, for home-breaking ; James Willy, John Croxford,
George Watson, John Lane, and Jonathan Cooper, for high-
way robberies; John for a rape ; Samuel Chapman,
Joseph Smith, James Fitzwilliam, Henry Wilkins, William
Bull, Charles Coombs, Robert Coombs, and James Brett, for
burglary ; John George Delhridge, for sacrilege ; Thomas
Coleman, and Thomas Sava!, for stealing bullocks ; William
Kelly. John Byrne, and Edward Young, for privately stealing
in a shop ; and George Harvey, for stealing two sheep ; Ann
Peyton, for stealing in a dwelling-house ; Thomas Edwards,
for forgery; and John Davis, for house-breaking, who was
convicted its January last.

When James Fitzwilliam, Henry Wilkins, William
Bull, and John Cajlin, were ordered for execution
on Wednesday next, the 20th instant. The others
were respired during pleasure.

MeSSTS.RUNDELL, BRIDGE, and RUNDELL, have,
besides one of the firtn,•tour other persons travel-
ling on the Continent, in search of the Jew who
so arttully stole the diamonds, some time ago, in
their shop; but hitherto without success. The
jewels not yet recovered are in value beween 12
and 13 thousand pounds.

[PBICR SEV'tigl,ptCP..

THE WEST INDIES.

M. DE PRAD+ is too zealous a Writer on the
popular side, not to be heard with attention when
he admits the good.qualities of those to .whose in-
terests lie is in a great measure hostile. Holding the
SLAVE TRADE in the utmost abhorrence, we never-
theless deem it but fair to insert the following nit.
lure, drawn by that writer, of Slavery. as it at pre•
sent exists lathe West Indies. It is extracted from
the E►►glish translation of his work on the " Co-
lonies and the present lievolution of America,"
page 198
" The dill which we have imposed upon our-
selves of disguising no truth,'whether it is in oi•1'
lavonr, or whether it is against as, (betimes to us
the t,to reflections with which we shall terminate.
this article. The first will be an act of homage
to the Colonists, am ong. tvliom, before" the Re-
volUtion, slavery had at once lost its rigour and
its indocility ; it had become at the same time
more submissive, and softer : the master had-
nearly every where ceased to be a cruel tyrant ;
and the:slave to be rebellious and threatening.--
In proportion as the chain became lighter, the
slave found it so, carried it with greater ease, anti
showed less desire to break it. The slave be-
came daily more of a domestic servant ; his hard-
ships disappeared amidst treattneht generally more
humane ; and he occasioned less fear, in propor-
tion as he had less to tear himself. The proprie-
tors-were, for the most pent, aware how much
their interest was connected with the good treat-
ment of their slaves ; some of them were fathers,
as much as masters to their slaves, and the tic.
groes most usually repaid then►, out of affe,:tion,
witl► a just return of fidelity and love. There are
a thousand examples of it, as honourable to the
master Who could inspire these sentiments, as to
the slave who felt them. Large estates, in no un-
common instances, presented a pictt,►re of an im-
mense family, where the white man tesembled
patriarch, whose goodness he imitated ; aad the
slaves, on their part, united around him, recdl-
ed to mind the first tribes in the golden age of so-
ciety. This picture was growing every day more
common in the Colonics,so that the crimes of inis-
ters against their slaves, and those of slaves against
their masters, were becoming very rare, and the
prove; hisl expressions, as well as the exaggerated
pictures of the condition of the negroes, were be-
come false, and were absolutely destitute of t h ;
they belonged to other times, and did nor at all
agree with the present. It cannot be doubted,
that there are still hard masters, unmerciful go-
•ca moo hou in the zup-,:, tf,r and COM-.
mantling class ; as well as that there are in the
interior and obeviug, some who arc unsusceptible
of the feelings of affection and attachment arising

from good treatment : but the number of these
was very much diminished, and, especially, %vas
very smell ID Comparison With those who had
adopted another conduct ; and it is of the latter
only that the must, speak, since they make the ma-
jority, and neatly the whole. The positive state
and gentral tendency of the coiidition of the ne-
glues Vra!; inclining towards a cOntinual but gra-

dual amelioration ; and this system vras certainly,
both for the Colonies and for the slaves them-
selves, the best adapttd to fulfil adequately their
extewiiee ‘rishes ; for, being volont;Ary, and aris-
ing from manners, and not from laws, it had a
tendency more natural and more gentle, though

mote powerful and more extensive, than that
which positive laws could produce ; because laws,
to tlreir nature, are restrained and limited,- and
their object is fixed and deter tninafe : while, on
the other hand, manners embrace every thing, and
apply to a multitude of details, which the law "A
could never. perceive nor reach, and which are:
either beyond it, or evade it. Slavery had a terif:
dency to that roint, to which the most enlight-
ened reason would endeavour to bring it, in de-
fault of the power of abolishing it, I mean the
common amelioration of the condition both of
the master and of the slam
The nmster was living without terror and with-
out reproach, the slave without fear and without
danger; the one was accustomed to command with-
out harshness, the other to obey without regret ;
and his condition, by being general, and customary,
had lost, is the eyes even of the slave, a part of
its horror : he bent himself more willingly to the
yoke which was shared by so great a number of
necks. The master, on his part, by being among
thousands of other masters, 11. s the population wag
always increasing in the Colonies, was losing
those inflated idea:!; which the ancient masters,
being more insulated, had contracted, while away
from the observation of witnesses ; the gradual
extension of the connexions with Europe, and
the adoption of her manners, had introduced .!!'i
strengthed among the Colonists all .con

of their conduct towards their slaves. They ,I•ere
in the view ot too great a oninber of people t(>
‘vish to .appear iu an unfavourable light, or to
wish to be exposed to the contempt and detesta-
tion which a cruel conduct, when contrary to the
general custom, could not fail to inspire. We
take pleasure in remarking this change, equally.
to ihe praise of the Colonist, and of civilization,
which is evidently the cause of this improvement
in the cornii;ion ot the unhappy Africans."

G. CARROLL, Co'utractor for the present Lot-
tery, has great plelsure in observing the general
satisfaction afforded by the Scheme. He, there-
fore, most earnestly recommends an early appli-
cation at his Offices, 7, Cornhill, and 26,
street, to those who are desirous of oblaining
particular Numbers, as there are only 2,900 in
the ,whole Lottery, which contains Two Prizes
of 20,0001., and will be all drawn in One Dal.,
10th September.
