THE SUN, _LONDON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1836.

every explanation which might be construed as a formal re-
fusal. He mentioned the circumstances of time, place, and
ents, which might induce the Cabinet from the course which
it has laid down for itself in the affairs of the Peninsula., The
conduct of England is not a rule for us. " The treaty to
which you appeal," said he "has its spirit inseparable from the
latter. We are faithful to the former : let the nation really
assist itself, and we shall come to its assistance when it shall
be necessary ; but in the present state of things, we shall do
nothing more, nothing less. However, I have given orders to
our men-of-war to observe the coasts of Biscay." This an-
swer was not very satisfactory to the honourable Spaniards.
M. Thiers then went to Nueilly, attended only by one ser-
van t.—Messager, June 13.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Five per Cents., 104 ; Four per Cents.,
99+ ; Three per Cents., 75i ; Bank Shares, 1,369. —Allye-
metne Zeitung, June 9.

FRENCH FIJNDS.—Pants, JUNE 13.
Five per Cents., IfSE 10c. 20c 1::c.
Four and a Half ner Cents. 104 f Sic.
Three per Cents. 80f. 79f. 95c. 60f.
Rank Actions. 9,290 f.
Rente de Naples, 100 f. 5c 10Pf. 100 f. sc.
Roman rive per Cents., 102 M
Spanish Actives, 41% 14%.
Spanish Differes, 19.
Spanish Passives, 1214%.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents., 103.
Portuguese Loan, Three per Cents, 513 i.
Haytian Loan, 395 E 400 f. 397 f. 50c.
EXCUANUE ON LONHON.
One month, paper, —c. ; money, 251 37%c.
Three months, paper. —c.; money, 25f. 25c
—Cours Authentique.

BOURSE, QUARTER TO FOUR.—Three per Cents. opened at
80f. 5c., sellers; but they have since rallied, and are quoted
80f. 10c., buyers. Spanish Active Stock has been steady all
day, between 41* 41k, but no business has been done.
LAST PRICES.—Five per Cents., 108 f. 40c. ; Three
per Cents., 80f. 20c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, ; Gueb-
bards, —; Differes, 14a ; New Loan, —; Actives, 41* ; Pas-
sives, 128 ; Ducats, 100 30 ; Romans, 102,1 —; Pedros, —;
Belgians, 103 ; Dutch. —f. —c. ; Haytians, 397 f. 50c. ;
Miguels, 17 ; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 19 ; Con-
tinuation, --c. ; New Differes, 19; Five per Cent. Perper
tuelles, —; Royal Loan, —.

certain, from his high character, that the claims of Mr. Buck-
ingham were just when they received his support. That Hon.
Bart. was a most worthy and a most excellent man, and he
bad written and spoken of these claims as being founded in
justice, and ought to last as long as the charter of the Com-
pany, and that which might follow it. The meeting had also
the countenance of the Noble Lord in the Chair, a man of
the highest character and of the most eminent talents. They
had the support of those two good and great men, as well as
many others. Then how could it be accounted for, that a
measure so supported should not receive the support of the
House of Commons ? It was a most extraordinary fact, and
the only solution he could give of the matter was, that
the oppressors were too strong for the oppressed. The
poor man could not stand up and contend success-
fully with the wealthy man. The fact was that many
Hon. Members found it necessary to stand well with the
India Company, and therefore they were afraid to vote in fa-
vour of Mr. Buckingham. Only two years ago the Noble
Lord the Secretary for the Colonies was the Chairman of a
Committee which reported favourably for these claims, and
that Noble Lord, then Mr. Grant, supported them nobly, and
with very great ability. Had his mantle fallen on no one in
the House now ? Alas ! no. All was mute. They talked
of neutrality but gave the most bitter opposition to that which
only a short time ago they supported. The friends around
him were free and independent. These gentlemen, however,
were now in office, and certainly there were many difficulties
to overcome in office ; but he regretted that Government had
felt bound to oppose a case of equity so strong as Mr. B.'s.
Was it possible that a man who had been approved of by
such a Governor-General as the Marquis of Hastings should
. .

be sent away, transported and ruined Without any compensa
tion ? Was it possible that now the Government of India was
based upon the principles of Mr. Buckingham—was it pos-
sible that now when those principles were found to be just, and
were recognised and acted upon that he should be refused com-
pensation for the injuries inflicted upon him for advocating
those same principles ? Upon every principle of moral justice
the India Company ought to grant compensation ; they might
have some technical objection, but most certainly no honest
one. They had been defeated by votes, not by argument ; but
he was certain that the people of England would not allow Mr.
Buckingham and his family to be consigned to total destruction.
Mr. Buckingham was a man, he would venture to say, who
had never addressed anything to passion or to popular excite-
ment-4 Cheers)—but to principle, reasoning, and dispassion-
ate argument. This had been the universal custom of Mr.
Buckingham. Was he not, therefore, a man of all others
who was entitled to appeal to universal society—( Cheers)—
to have something approaching to justice done to him.
There was, indeed, no want o talent in the world, but
there was a want of looking to the real interests of those who
were humble and destitute; this was the secret of all our ills,
this was the secret of the misgovernment of Ireland.—
(Cheers.) This country had forgotten that there were six
millions of people in Ireland, but let them forget that no
longer—(Cheers)—but let them come handsomely forward,
according to their respective means, feeling honestly
and affectionately the wreck of an honourable man from
entire destruction.—(Great cheering.) He did not wish
to detain the. meeting, but he could not conclude with-
out congratulating the meeting on its being presided over
by the Noble Lord who was now in the Chair. The case of
Mr. Buckingham was now out of the hands of the House of
Commons—they had rejected it; it was now in the hands of
the people of England, and if the people deserted the cause
of an oppressed man now, it would be the first time he had
ever known them do so.—(Cheers.)
• Colonel STANHOPE said the meeting had heard a great deal
on the subject of Mr. Buckingham's claims, and the unjust
manner in which it had been treated by the House of Com-
mons. He would not trouble the meeting now upon that, for
in his opinion the case of Mr. Buckingham was one of the
most just he had ever witnessed.—( Hear, hear.) Mr.
Buckingham's property had been valued at 40,0001., and bring-
ing him in an income of 8,000/., and it was confiscated
because Mr. Buckingham had the hardihood to republish a
work of his (Col. Stanhope) on the-subject of the British
Press, for this conduct Mr. Buckingham had been ruined.—
(Cheers.) He considered Mr. Buckingham most harshly
treated. He was a Radical, with his Hon. and Learned
Friend (Mr. O'Connell) ; and he was somewhat of a
Conservative, with the Honourable Baronet (Sir C. Forbes).
(Cheers.) Of all despotism, he hated the despotism of in-
novation.—( Cheers.) This was an innovation. No one de-
tested the license of the press more than he did, but he felt
conscious there was a remedy for the evil ; and he had the
highest authority for making that statement—the authority
of Bentham himself. What was the object of libel ? Was it
gain ? Remove that, and libel would soon fall to the ground.
He was only surprised that there was so little licentiousness
—that there were so few papers of this sort. When he consi-
dered the ready means of libelling, and the difficulty and
the ruinous expense of preventing and putting them down, he
was only surprised that they should be so few in number.
( Loud cheers.) Let them establish cheap courts—give the
means of readily and cheaply putting down this sort of
scandal, and the remedy would soon be effected. But it
was not only in England that this would be an innovation,
but in British India also. He had the authority of the
great historian Downes for stating, that the writers and
historians of Asia wrote with greater freedom concerning per-
sans and things than we did in the West, and it .was a proverb
in the East that they were more afraid of the pen of Aben-
llama than of the sword of their monarchs. In the time of
Warren •Hastings the liberty of the press existed. Warren
Hastings himself was the object of daily libels—he was called
the Great Mogul ; but Warren Hastings, though in many re-
spects a great tyrant, had the magnanimity:to pardon his li-
bellers. There was some liberty of the press in the time of
Sir John Shaw, and it was not till the time of the Marquis of
Wellesley that the liberty of the press was suppressed, and the
censorship was established. But the Marquis of Wellesley
seemed, no doubt unintentionally, as if he did this
duty to Add to the glory of Warren Hastings, for when
Hastings returned from the scene of his military glory,
after a moment's consideration, he abolished the censorship.
This was the greatest, the most useful measure that had ever
been effected by any one individual.—(Cheers.) It was said
by a commentator on the British Constitution, that if they
established a sanctuary in the East, from which the daily pro-
ductions of the Press issued, liberty would soon be established.
—( Cheers.) That sanctuary the Marquis of Hastings esta-
blished, but it was to the genius, the perseverance, the cou-
rage, and the sacrifices of Mr. Buckingham, that that sanc-
tuary was indebted for its establishment.—( Loud cheers.)
It was by his elocution, by his power of writing, that he had
enlisted persons under his generalship, so as to raise up a feel-
ing, an unanimous feeling, even amongst the servants of the
Company in favour of reformation.—( Cheers.) So far they
had gone when the Noble Lord who then presided over that
meeting was placed in the Chair cf British India, where he
had for so tnany years presided with advantage.—(Cheers.)
He would not trespass further than merely to say, that nothing
was more absurd than the measures taken against Mr. Buck.
ingham.—(Loud cheers.) He was first turned out of India
merely because he took notice of a public abuse—of the fact
of a Clergyman who was exercising functions that were incon-
sistent with his sacred duties. Another accusation against
him was, that he had republished a work of his (Mr. Stan-
hope's) on the Liberty of the Press. If he had that work
present he would defy any man, after reading the book, to say
that there was in it one immoral sentiment, an irreligious sen-
timent, or a sentiment that was dangerous to good govern-
ment, from the beginning to the end. He would not trespass
longer on their attention.—( Loud cheers.)
Colonel THOMPSON had a claim on the attention of the
meeting, founded upon the fact of his having been in India at
the time when Mr. Buckingham was attacked. He had the
judginent of another in his favour when he rejected what he
had said in another place—that the appearance of Mr. Buck-
ingham was really like that of water springing from dry
ground.-,(Loud cheers.) He was an European, proceeding
with his family to a strange, new land. He did not wish to
speak disparagingly of the Press in India, but when Mr.
Buckingham went there, it was of a very different descrip-
tion to what the Press was in England. The passing
events of the day were certainly laid before the public, and
the proceedings were sometimes commented upon with much
eloquence, but as far as anything like literary discussion, still
less political discussion went, it was non-existing. They ven-
tured indeed, occasionally, to. sing the praises of a fortunate
General, or the success of a military Commander.—(Laughter
and cheers.) Mr. Buckingham had to his knowledge contri-
buted in no small degree to the improvement of the people of
India. When he had the Calcutta Journal in his hand it re-
minded him of home, and brought to his recollection those
free institutions under which the British empire had attained
the glorious eminence on which she was then placed. But
Mr. Buckingham spoke and wrote with the independence of an
Englishman. and for this offence his property was ruined, and
himself and family flung destitute on the world. The opinion
of Lord J. Russell, and others of his Majesty's Ministers, had
sanctioned the resolution which declared that Mr. Buckingham
had been unjustly treated, and was entitled to compensation for
the loss of his property, and yet the House of Commons had
rejected his claim. His case was now in the hands of the
public, and he trusted the appeal would not be made in vain.
The Hon. and Gallant Member concluded by proposing the
next resolution
Mr. 0. CAVE seconded the resolution. • He did so with a
deep feeling of humiliation, regarding as he did the denial of
justice to Mr. Buckingham by the House of Commons as a
standing national reproach. To the British public they were
now compelled to appeal, and from that never-failing source
his Hon. Friend he was sure would receive that justice which
had been denied him elsewhere.—(Cheers.)
Mr. O'CoNtsten then came forward, and was received with
loud and long continued cheering. The claims which he had
upon the meeting were not those which had been in so elo-
quent a manner stated by his Hon. Friend the Member for
Shaftesbury. He had no claim upon them but this. He
was brought there by an indignant sense of injustice, of
wrong perpetrated, and of redress deferred. (Cries of
Hear, hear.) There were no two propositions more capable
of demonstration than these ; first that Mr. Buckingham had
been robbed,—robbed,by means of a power entrusted to indi-
viduals by British laws—that was the first proposition which
he said was clear—(Hear, hear)—and the second is equally
clear, that upon one paltry pretext or the other, or upon one
sinister motive or the other, Mr. Buckingham had been to-
tally without redress to the present moment.—(Cheers.)
How did he show he was mashed ? Mr. Buckingham went
to India, and he published a newspaper valued at 40,000/.
by his friends, and 7,000/. by his enemies. He was
proprietor of that property, it was the means of giving him-
self support and comfort—it was the means of earning
wealth for his family. He had been denied it all.-4 Hear,
hear.) Had he committed a crime?—No. Did he publish
a libel?—Heaven knew there was nothing so indefinite as the
law of libel ; anything was libellous that hurt the feelings of
any body else. But Mr. Buckingham was not guilty of
ibel. He had been accused of it in five instances ;
in two or three he had given explanations, which

had been so satisfactory, that the persecutions had ended upon
them ; and upon two or three more of them which had been
brought in before Judges removeable at pleasure (and they
knew what Judges removeable at pleasure were), he had been
deprived of his property. What was he deprived of his pro-
perty for ? Let it be learned that a Presbyterian parson had
arrived there. He had the charge of a respectable flock ;he
had the emoluments of his office, but not thinking this suffi-
cient, he took charge of stationery, and had recourse to the
sealing-wax, red tape, and letter-paper, which every Indian
subject was to use.—( Loud cheers and laughter.) Mr.
Buckingham had submitted in a letter, that this said

parson'; business was to pray, and not to cut
red tape—(Laughter)—that he had duties to attend to in his
spiritual capacity, and that somebody else ought to be ap-
pointed the Secretary of stationery.—( Hear, hear., and
laughter.) For that offence the father of a family hal, been

robbed, and his family thrown destitute upon the world. It
was really horrible to think that such iniquity should be capable
of being perpetrated, and that there should be any human
being in existence with any other sensation upon him than
that of hurrying forward to remedy a great wrong.—(Cheers.)
Were the facts he had stated disputed? Not one of them.
When Mr. Buckingham's newspaper came over to the Direc-
tors of the East India Company, and they saw the appoint-
ment—did they say Mr. Buckingham was wrong? No : the
Directors said he was right. They took away the stationery
from the parson, and left him to his prayers.—(Laughter.)
The East India Committee refused him justice. Mr.
Buckingham then made another appeal—he appealed to a
Committee of the House of Commons, at the head of which

was the present Secretary for the Colonies, Lord Glenelp,-.
( Hear, hear.) Before that Committee the East India Com-
pany had their Counsel ; they produced their witnesses, the
case was gone into, and the Committee agreed unanimously
to the resolutions.—(Cheers.) Who had drawn the resolu-
tions? Lord Glenelg, belonging to the Privy Council, and
Cabinet Minister at that moment, had drawn the resolutions,

declaring an atrocious robbery had been committed on Mr.
Buckingham. They were not exactly couched in those words
certainly, because his Lordship was more polite—( Great
laughter)—but he bad used language almost as strong.
Resolutions had been drawn up that this robbery was per-.
petrated they were unanimously adopted by the Committee,
and the Report of the Committee had been unanimously

adopted by the House of Commons. That was Mr- Buck
ingham's case.—( Cheers.) One of the persons left in charge
of Mr. Buckingham's :'property, after he had been sent away,
was afforded compensation, and yet it had been refused to Mr.
Buckingham.—( Hear.) There never was such a sample of
British justice as Mr. Buckingham's case exhibited. A man
had been robbed for saying that a Presbyterian parson ought
not to be Secretary of Stationery ; robbed by Englishmen ;
and—up to that moment—Englishmen had not vindi-
cated the man who had been robbed.—( Cheers. )
If they were to take the value of the paper at 7,000/., and the
interest and the commercial profit that would have accrued by
this time to Mr. Buckingham, the compensation that ought to
be awarded to Mr. Buckingham, according to the admission
of the East India Company, was 20,0001.—( Cheers.) The
robbery was manifest, and the plunder was inexcusable.—
( Cheers.) Let them follow him now, while he showed them
how Mr. Buckingham appealed for redress. The Directors
of the East India Company met and heard the statement of
the wrongs of their servants. They admitted that Mr. Buck-
ingham had been robbed.—( Hear, hear.) True, they said so,
but their masters wont make compensation, and thus
they got rid of it? Why had they done so? There was no
reasoning against their reply, because they did not choose to
do so. All logic was thrown away upon such men, and thus
was justice refused. Mr. Buckingham next went before the
Court of Proprietors, and he (Mr. O'Connell) was almost
ashamed to belong to a country—he almost wished for a mo-
ment that he had been an " alien in blood "--(Cheers and
laughter)—when he thought of the atrocity of the Court of
Proprietors in confirming the Don't choose "of the Direc-
tors. Mr. B. next came before Parliament, and the Bill was
read a 2nd time by an overwhelming majority. Some men ob-
tained praise for being good lawyers ; there could not be worse
praise to them for their cool. of laws was a tissue of technical
absurdities.—(Laughter.) Mr. Buckingham was met by one
of these technical rules, and between the squeak of one voice
and the broken shout of another his claim was defeated. He
was told that it was a public Bill, and that it ought to have
been a private Bill. A resolution of the House was passed,
but he ( Mr. O'Connell) never knew a man the fatter of such
a resolution.—( Cheers and laughter.) On the next occasion
the Bill was thrown out. He (Mr. O'Connell) did not come
there to talk politics, but he did feel a bitter sting when he
saw a Cabinet Minister coming forward to oppose a resolution
which went nearly to re-assert what Lord Glenelg had pre-
viously recognized. It was pitiful to think that individual
wrong should not obtain justice, and that its voice should not
be loud enough to overpower the buz of political con-
nexion and East India power.—(Cheers.) The Ministers
would not have succeeded if they had not been well backed,
he having received the support of those who in his (Mr.
O'C.'s) idea were seldom right ; although he admitted there
were some excellent and honest men among them.—( Cheers.)
But that party was generally cautious, and their cry was—.
" if you redress one wrong, the ghosts of hundreds will rise
before you." So it was, that justice was banished from the
Senate House, and injustice triumphed. Mr. Buckingnam
now came before a British public, and he (Mr. O'C.) raised
his voice, and demanded justice for Mr. Buckingham.—
(Loud and repeated cheers.) His cry bad hitherto been,
justice for all men—freedom—liberty of conscience, and
political freedom.—( Great cheering.) It was no small gra-
tification to an humble individual like himself that he had been
able to raise his voice, not alone for the profession to which
he belonged, but for that principle which would give freedom
to the whole human race.—(Cheers.) Not for the land of
his birth alone, and he loved that green land, but for every
British subject, and his humble voice had been wafted across
the Atlantic, and the streams of the Missouri, with the
thunder of their cataracts, could not stifle that
voice when it called loud for liberty.--(Applause.)
Yes, the victim of oppression, wherever he might be, whatever
was his caste or creed or colour, had an humble but zealous
advocate in him. The success that had attended his exertions
in that cause, was an ample reward for all the paltry calumnies
and slanders that had been heaped upon him.—( Hear, hear. )
There might be more expanse of mind and a feeling of higher
gratification to the bosom that was swelling with an ocean of
utility to the human race; but was not Sterne right when
speaking of slavery generally, that although it might raise
mighty emotions, it did not come home to the human heart as
the picture of the solitary single prisoner on whom a dim light
was shed, notching another day of miserable captivity upon
his stick. ( Hear, hear, hear, and loud cheering.)
The people of England might be wronged in the gross with
impunity, but an individual wrong being committed, they were
roused, and that it was that deluged the streets of London in
blood in the time of Richard 11. It was not the exactions of
that day, but it was the insult offered to the daughter of Wat
Tyler. Here was individual wrong committed upon Mr. B.
The Directors of the East India Company were foolish, the
proprietors were absurd ; they had committed an individual
wrong, and the people of England would be roused to ask
how many crimes they had been guilty of towards the poor
people—the thousands of natives 'over whom they had tyran-
nized so long.—( Cheers.) If they allowed this claim to re
main unredressed they would rouse the people to insist upon a
a new law, which would dethrone the paltry kings of Leaden-
hall-street. How was he or the meeting to know whether the
law of 1806 was yet in force or not ? And ho thanked them
for that opportunity of telling the meeting that that law
was for the purpose of turning out from office every Indian
who had the atrocity to turn Christian. Did the people of
England know anything of such laws ? No ; or they would
not remain in force one day longer.—( Cheers.) The Com-
pany ought to settle this claim, even if they were obliged to
pull down and sell the stone building in Leadenhall-street and
go into lodgings.— ( Cheers and laughter.) This was the cr,
of a persecuted family, and he was sure that it woul
be responded to by the people of England—it was a cry
against tyranny and injustice, which never failed to interest the
British public. The India Company had been guilty of gross
and infamous cruelty, and injustice, and the people of England
were stained by permitting it so long.—( Loud cheers.)
The Hon. and Learned Gentleman, after passing a high en-
logium upon the Noble Lord in the chair, concluded by
moving the next resolution.
The Rev. Mr. RANDALL rose to second the resolution, and
during the Rev. Gentleman's speech, Mr. O'Connell retired.
The Learned Gentleman had hardly reached the bottom of
the room before the greatest confusion took place, in conse-
quence of the young boy who calls himself Master O'Connell
following him out, exclaiming "Do justice to me." After
order had been in a measure restored, Lord George Bentinck
quitted the Chair, which was taken by Mr. Tulk. The Rev.
Mr. Randall then proceeded with his address to the meeting,
and concluded by seconding the resolution.
Mr. 'Wm. VICARS, of Sheffield, advocated the claims of
Mr. Buckingham, thinking him an extremely ill-used man.
Mr. RUTT also bore testimony to the great hardships thal
had been inflicted on Mr. Buckingham.
The resolution was then put by the CHAIRMAN to th
meeting, and by him declared to be carried unanimously.
Mr. HINDLEv, M. P., would not occupy the meeting long,
but begged to read the resolution he had the honour to propose.
He would be content to leave the case of Mr. Buckingham in
the hands of a generous public. He would let the case stand
on its own merits—it did not need the testimony of any one to
recommend it.—( Loud cheers.) What were the simple facts
of the case ? Mr. Buckingham had spent twenty thousand
pounds in India. In consequence of his objecting to the ap-
pointment of a Scotch parson, which appointment was subse-
quently universally admitted to be improper, and which was
cancelled by the East India Company, for this simple circum-
stance Mr. Buckingham was banished from India, and his
whole property was destroyed. This was the simple statement
of facts; and were they not sufficient to rouse the feelings of
the people of England Loud cheers.) He hoped that
the British public would take up Mr. Buckingham's case in
the manner they should do.—(Loud and repeated cheers.)
That cheer convinced him that his hopes would not be dis-
appointed.
Mr. SNOW seconded the Resolution, which was unani-
nimously carried.
Sir C. FORBES came forward and was received with loud
cheers. He would not occupy much of their time after the
splendid speeches they had heard, and after the case had been
so fully gone into. His only object in rising was to show that
when he once took up a case, he was not the man to desert
s deeply
as cheers.) On the present occasion he felt
as ho did the first day the justice of. Mr. Buckingham's
claims, and the grievous wrongs that had been done him.
( Cheers.) He would not enter into the question of the legality
or the illegality of Mr. Buckingham's deportation from
India, as he decidedly thought that the chief wrong done
to Mr. Buckingham, was the destruction of his property.—
Where was the necessity for that? The Government of India
took away Mr. Buckingham's license from the person who con-
ducted his journal, and it was generally understood that a Ii-

cense would,not be granted to any purchaser of the jot.
The consequence was, the destruction of Mr. B.'s property.
There was one peculiar feature of hardship in the case of
Buckingham which had not been noticed. Mr. Buckiet lam
applied to the East India Company for leave to go to India,
not to re-establish his paper, but to collect together the wreck
of his property, and even this just and reasonable demand was
act ually_refused. With respect to the private character of Mr.
Buckingham, there was one fact which would prove the high
sense of honour which influenced his conduct. He had been
advised by some friends to extricate himself from the
difficulties in which he was placed from the ruin of his pro-
perty, by availing himself of the benefit of the Insolvent
or Bankrupt Laws, but this he declined doing, and expressed
his determination to discharge all the claims against him, if ever
his circumstances should enable him. The Hon. Baronet

trnal.

concluded by proposing the resolution.
A GENTLEMAN in the body of the meeting se-
conded the resolution. He came to the meeting with feelings
adverse to the claims of Mr. Buckingham, but from the exposi-
tion he had heard he was strongly convinced of the hardship of
the case, and he thought it would reflect disgi ace on the peo-
ple of England if they hesitated to render him justice.--
( Cheers. )
Mr. PEASE, M. P. , addressed the meeting in support of the
resolution, and trusted the people of England would evince
their sympathy for the injustice which Mr. Buckingham had
suffered.
Lord DUDLEY STEWART moved the next resolution. The
Noble Lord apologised for not having been present at the
commencement of the proceedings, and went on at some
length to advocate the claims of Mr. Buckingham to the
sympathy and support of the public. He was glad to find that
many of the large commercial towns had already met to con-
tribute to this object, and he trusted the metropolis would
not be bahind-hand on such an occasion.—( Loud cheers.)
He believed it was a mere accident that a vote adverse to the
claims of Mr. Buckingham had been passed. He had always
looked upon Mr. Buckingham with admiration and venera-
tion ever since he had become acquainted with his
history, having by his own study and honorable exertions
raised himself to the proud station—inferior to none that could
be pointed out—of holding a seat in the British Parliament.
It would be a disgrace to the country, if people were not to be
found who would come forward and advocate his cause heart
and heart. The Hon. Gentleman concluded by moving the
7th Resolution.

Mr. JEREMY seconded the Resolution, and stated that he
had had occasion for himself to appeal to the Legislature for
same redress, and although that application might be consi-
dered in some way as having interfered with Mr. Bucking-
ham's claims, yet he had always found Mr. Buckingham one
of his most staunch supporters.—( Cheers. )
The CHAIRMAN then read the list of subscriptions, which
was burg, and amounted to a considerable sum. Among others
were the names of Lord William Bentinck, 20/. ; Sir Charles
Forbes, and five relatives, 601. ; D. O'Connell, Esq., 101. los.
Col. L. Stanhope, 10/. ; D. Gaskell, Esq., M. P., 201. ; Mr.
W. Vizard, 20/. ; I. L. Goldsmid, Esq., 201.
Mr. WYSE M. P., moved, and COI. STANHOPE seconded,
a resolution of thanks to the Chairman, which was passed
unanimously.
It was then announced from the Chair, that the subscrip-
tions, in various parts, had amounted to upwards of 1,0001.
(Loud cheers.)
The meeting then, after a vote of thanks to Mr. H. Tulk,
which was unanimously agreed to, separated,
The following resolutions were proposed at the meeting :--
1. That a Select Committee of the House of Commons, in-
cluding three of the King's Ministers, and other Members of both
political parties in the State, was appointed in 1834 to consider the
circumstances connected with the case of Mr. Buckingham, and
his treatment by the, East India Company ; and after hearing
evidence at great length on both sides, the said Committee, in e
very full sitting specially convened, adopted the Resolutions drawn
up by Lord Glenelg, then President of the India Board, and
Member of the present Cabinet, as Secretary for the Colonies, de-
claring it to be the unanimous opinion of the Committee that com-
pensation ought to be made to Mr. Buckingham for the losses en-
tailed upon himself and his family, by the proceedings of the Go-
vernment in India.
2. That these proceedings were characterised by two distin-
guished individuals, now Peers of the realm, and judges of the
land, in their places in Parliament, in the following terms :—Mt•
Scarlett (now Lord Abinger) stated " that the Government of
India deserved the severest reprehension for punishing a man
without trial; and that its conduct was not only oppressive bat cor-
rupt." And Mr. Denman (now Lord Chief Justice of the King's
Bench) said, " he considered the treatment of Mr. Buckingham by
the India Government to be one of the most cruel, oppressive, and
unjustifiable acts which he had ever known to have been com-
mitted by a British Governor in the history of the Colonies, bad
as they were."
3. That the conduct of Mr. Buckingham, which was thus visited
with such extreme severity, was characterized by Lord John
Russell, as Chairman of the Select Committee before whom
all the evidence on the case was heard (and now
Leader of the House of Commons), in the following
terms :—" The conduct of Mr. Buckingham, so far from attach-
in.. any blame to him, is, in my opinion, perfectly conformable to
those' rules of conduct, and those examples of freedom, which We
are accustomed to admire and hold up for imitation by others of
our countrymen • those portions of his writings which were parti-
cularly found fault with by the Indian Government, being such es
would do honour to any man possessing an honest zeal for the wel-
farea of the community in which he lived, and entitled him to the
thanks of his fellow-subjects, and the approbation of a wise no
benevolent Government."
4. That notwithstanding these solemnly declared opinions of the.
eminent individuals named, and the almost universal expressiolfrof
.
public opinion from all parts of the country in favour of the
Buckingham's claims—this Meeting has seen with deep regret a
refusal of the East India Company, of the King's Government, an
of the House of Commons, to adopt the unanimous resolutions of
the Select Committee appointed under the sanction of the King's
Ministers, with the full concurrence of the whole House, and with-
out opposition from any quarter, specially to examine into and re-
port upon all the facts of the case.
5. That this denial of justice by every constitutional authority
from whom redress might have been expected (this great wrong
being wholly without remedy in any court of law) leaves but one
other tribunal open to the injured individual—namely, that of the
British public—to whom this Meeting now appeals, with a confi-
dence that in them will be found a greater abhorrence of oppression,
and a more generous disposition to repair the wrong, than has been
evinced by those constituted authorities to whom Mr. Buckingham
has so often appealed, and hitherto always in vain.
6. That a public subscription having been already commenced
by Mr. Buckingham's Constituents in Sheffield, and followed UP
by the inhabitants of Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Bristol,
Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin, Belfast, and other towns in Englancit
Scotland, and Ireland, for the purpose of purchasing a moder%e
annuity, on the joint lives of Mr. and Mrs. Buckingham, who, t
t
their children, have been despoiled of their lawful property, without
even the shadow of a crime, this meeting resolves to do its utmost e'
induce the inhabitants of this metropolis to join their countrymen
in the provincial towns in this generous effort to make some repera;
tier' to an injured and innocent family, for the ruinous losses to which
they have been so unjustly and unnecessarily subjected.
7. That a London subscription be now opened at the banlcMg
' houses of Messrs. Williams, Deakon, and Co., Birchin-lane
Messrs. Coutts and Co., Strand ; and Messrs. Ransom and Co"
Pall Mall East, and that the following Gentlemen do constitute the
Metropolitan Committee, for the purpose of carrying this obi°
into effect :
Charles A. Tulk, Esq., M.P.
Joseph Hume, Esq., M.P.
E. W. Pendarves, Esq., M.P.
Sir C. Forbes, Bart.
Lord Dudley Stuart, M.P.
Col. T. I". Thompson, M.P.
E. C. Lister, Esq., M.P.
John Rundle, Esq., M.P.
Charles Hiudley, Esq., M.P.
Col. the Hon. L. Stanhope
R. Potter, Esq., M.P.
E. R. C. Sheldon, Esq., M.P.
8. That the thanks of this Me
tinck, M.P. (late Governor-Gen
ness in taking the Chair upon thi
nor in which he has presided oyez

J. Scholefield, Esq., M.P.
Joseph Pease, Esq., M.P.
Mark Philips, Esq., M.P.
J. S. Poulter, Esq., M.P. v
Sir W. Trelawney, Bart., N.
John Wilks, Esq., M.P.
The O'Connor Don, ALP.
John Torvill Rutt, Esq. ,
William Williams, Esq., A" •
Thomas Attwood, Esq., I‘l,PO-
Joseph Brotherton, I%l'
Thomas Wyse, Esq., M-P• upo-
eting be given to Lord Vir• d.
a"
icral of India) for his great kin_
s occasion, and for the able m
r the proceedings of the day.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

TWELVE 0' CL 0 CA: k
Consols opened this morning at 92 for the Account ; notht°b
of consequence doing. Consols, 92 sellers; Exchequer 13ip*"
11 13 ; India Bonds, 1 dis., 1 prem. ; Bank Stock, 209 21°.0
In the Foreign Market it is settling day ; and there is 13.0
doubt that the account will go off well, as there is so little Ij.
2
settle. Spanish Active, 411 • Passive, 124 ; Deferred, 18133 ;
Portuguese, 81* 4 ; Colombian, 301 ; Mexican, 32 tg.
Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 56i 57* ; Five per en
to io;
101 l k. The defeat of Valdez causes the Spanish Stock
heavy.
HALF-PAST 0 ent
In the Foreign Market there has been a great iroprovrite pie
in Greek Bonds of 1825—about 4 per cent. Spanish '''„n-rtu-
Bonds, 41i ; Passive, 124 ; Deferred, 181 194 301.
guese, 811 Cents.,
; Three per s2i 53 ; Colombian, a
Mexican, 33 ; Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 5711.*
Shares little doing. CIC
THREE 0' CL 0
Consols for the Account, 92 to 924.

e 1 -----
Mr. Brockendon's lecture last night at the society
Mr.
of Arts afforded us some singular facts of the qualities °
, va-
caoutchouc, or India-rubber, as applied under Mr. Sieiler t,in
tent, to the purposes of cables, gun-breachings, whale-03'1
lines, and rigger-bands for driving machinery. A very strouo
illustration was given by the lecturer in a breaching used
board his Majesty's ship Excellent, at Portsmouth, beenunder
direction of the Board of Admiralty ;he stated it had s
used on board in their daily exercises for these last two Yeritrii;
and its durability seemed not to have been impaired. ;.0
lecturer tried an experiment to show the advantages of 80
elastic rope in resisting a jerk by attaching
and letting it fall until it broke ; he then tied a Piecei 0,: the
same cord to a piece of the elastic rope, and by lettillb at,
weight fall four times the same height, it resisted the Jerk,
and remained unbroken ; this' proved that it resisted atr--
a weight t: ai
t-ie
30 times the weight that broke it in the first instance.---°‘
illy Paper.
..""""1"....

(ADVERTISEMENT. )
IV A TCHES•
BROAD, Watchmaker, Deceased.
T. COX SAVORY, 47, Cornhill, having purchased of the
Executors of Wm. Broad, Watchmaker, late of Leadenhall-street:
deceased, the whole of the SPLENDID STOCK, consisting 9t
GOLD and SILVER WATCHE, oers them at prices highlf.
advantageous to Purchasers. The whole arc arranged, ca,„'s
whaving the price d, and may be seen hy application to 'l,
atclunaker, 41
COX SAVORY, Goldsmith, Silversmith, and
Cornhill, London.

.---1.--"------81/TT-HS. C• westley, Piecal '
This morning, of a son, the wife
being the sixth.
.......7_,,„„2_,..,,,,!f.2-.-.2.' --1 _ _______; No.
'''''''''T"..--T-70iJI•TG, ("" ty
----7---.'"-'-----.----"------and Published by I%
of 31r. F• C
uRDO the Nun
London : Printed _ n
Office,
0.
N 112, Strand, in
112, Strand, at The hYu olu
of Middlesex. _.......„....ii11y,
