FOREIGN EAITIAgSIES:

•
Mr. LENNARD rose to move for a Return, chewing the de=.
crease which had taken place, since May, 1822, in that depart,
rnent of the Civil List which related to Foreign. Embassies of
the Third Class. It wouhl be in the recollection of the Llouse,
that on a former day he had asked the Right Lion. Secretary
whether any reduction was proposed in the expence of this
class ; and that he had been answered in the negative. Ile
(Mr. L.) intended on a future day to propose such a retluetion
to. the House; but in order to his doing so with effect, he
wished- to lay before the House the information for which he
was about to move. Ile could -not anticipate any reilsori,ahle
objection to the motion ; itsv
,last year,. AD.tsecognc giving such
intbrmation up to that time had been. beforatheHouse (an
the.rnotion of the Member.for Aberdeen) by thalaie Lord Lan.
donderry, a person by no means likely to commit ilium:llm his
colleagues by oftindiost unnecessary information. - That account
*belted the number and rank .at ottr FaTeign
emists, Anne* the otte-17i12,:with ihe-inektase pf salary 'from
that time. The iteeuttnt DOW culled for was similar in substance,
only that it &tiled for au account or, the reduction which had
taken place since last May. If report spoke true, a reduction
had been made in that extravvant imssion which had been
sent to the Swiss Cantons,whicit had been the subject of discut

. e
sion in the House lest Session, and 'Allier ginitildb*ould We
remained untouched, had it not been ibrehat dineOsitm. Air he ' '
had before stated, he intended to nioyetberenfter fer redeopion
in this branch of the Public Expenditure ; -but before he; coin.'
do this, it was necessary that he- should lupe:, what redue,.
done had been already made. The lion. Member then moved,:
" That an humble Address be presented to 'psi-Majesty pray:.
ing, that he will be graciously pleased to direct, that there e
laid before the House a Return, *hewing the
,decrease whl '
had taken place .in the Expenditure in respect of the Third'
Class of Ahniqtrs to Foreign Courts, and , whether that tie,:
crease was in the number or rank of the Miesion or how other-
wise." ,
Mr.' Secretary CANNING. trusted, that' the graturds ore
which he should place hie opposition to the ruction would tip
.'
pear satisfactory to the House. The Hone Member was-aware
that any saving which might be made in this branch of Expert,
diture was by law directed, te tit carried to the =aunt or :Elite
Consolidated Fund. It necessarily followed that the amount
at' that saving appeered, in due course, in the Paper* laid bee
fore Parliament. He fully admitted the right '5 thtellonse to
watch over the Experditure of the Crowe; but he though; it
• would not be a wise: exercise of that right to call upon the Croin
t. 6 state every specific appointment; anti itt fact u,: groom's-07-e
every alteration et the arrangements at this departmeet: 'Title '
Indeed would be to put the, House in the place of the Execu-
tive. If lie was right in his tipprehtelidon of the pruner (twee
to be taken •+,y Parliameet on: subjects like' the present, WS
argument was varticulerly applicabe 10 the present case; in
which no blame was imputed to the Goveretnent. Ile was
ready to admit that certain changes were mes!itated, with
respect to Foreign Missions, send that this change would include
the Mission to the Swiss Cantons, and wield occasion a r-,
duction of not less than one half, in point' Of expence. Ilia
objection to the motion, however, was simply' because it wvi
not the usage of Parliament to interfere with these details. -, if
blame, mismanagement, or corruption, were imputed, it inlifer,
undoubtedly be proper to call for information e but where
neither of those was imputed, he thought there could he no
reason for the interference of Parliament. Even if either of
these was imputed, he did not say that he should consent to such
a motion unless a case were laid before the Homee fairly calling
fur information. In the present instince.his objectiun.appeared
with a better grace ; because, by the Hon. Gentlerniufs own
statement the conduct of Government had been not only Hattie-
leas, but as fir as it went meritorious. An fir as the fate of
amount was desirable to be ascertained, it would appear by the
annual accounts ; but lie objected to the habitual interference
Of the House in Departments belonging to the administratiait of
the Crown. There was no wish On his part to withhold sub.
otantial information ' • but he shouhl oppose the present. motion,
because he objected to the practice of always bringing the
Crown to account for individual appointments.
Lord JOHN RUSSEI44 spoke in favour of the motion, and
contended that the Hurley would •art inconeiseantly, by me
agreeing to it, as it had agreed`to the motion of lieu year which
had called for the return elready before the Hotter. He was
glad to hear that the Embesey to Switzerland would be redu-
ced: When that subject was discussed hist.year, the minority
were few in number, but the subsequent reduction had proved
that a minority were sometimes in the right.
Dlr. II PAIE trusted the Right. Ilon. Secretary would. not
press, his proposition to this motion. Ilk predecessor in office
had not refused a similar return to that whiCh win now applied
for. If the Right lion. Gentleman really wished for a fair die-
cussion of the motion to he hereafter made by his }lon. Friend,
lie would not eefuee the required informatiorn-1 he sum charg-
ed for Ambassadors last year, was no less than 267,001.4 and
in an examination on so large a sum it was necessary to have
particillars. 'Without them, his Ron. Friend on arguing up.
on the expense of any particular embassy, might be met by a
statement that that embassy had been reduced since the papers
now before the House had been presented. If the Right Hon.
Oentletnan persisted in refusing the information, the House
would know what was to be expected from tin: candour of the
Right lion, Gentleman in future.
Air. lIUSKISSON thought the motion did not come within
the limits of the custom prescribed by the, House. It was per.
fectly competent to the House to ermine the
.Estimates of any
pareisuiar department of the public service ; hut unless a more
of abuee was elicits', or at least stu Parliament severe
called for particulars such AS itIOSO which were soup ht hy the
hpresent motion. He understotxl that the object of the Hon. Diem--
er was 1101 so much to impute blame as to revise the whoks
department. The Iron. 1t ember for A berdeen had, in hitt
statement, confounded the certain with the eoritinearitexpence
of this department. The regular sum was neertantr.lf
by Act
of Parliament, but the contingent expellee was voted annually
in the Estimates. if the nom, Menther would look at the ex.
'Fpence incurred by the limbaesies of Foreign Countries, these of
rance for instance, lie would find the difference was Materi-
ally in favour of F.'nglantl, tin the score of economy. It was
not however, on this ground, but on that of Parliamentary cuts.
tont, long established, that he supported tire omits.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT sahi, the appeal which had just
been made to the, extravagance of the 13ourbon Government,
appeared to argue a kind of sympathy between that. Govern-
ment and his Majesty's Ministers, lie' should vote in filvour
of the motion of his Honourable Friend, becatv,e, if it really
WAS di q case that this country WAS altogether withoot weight
in foreign affairs, it was high time to examine those heavy an.
counts of the sums expended on foreign missions, alt: had not
heard it everepretentled that the plighttst inconvenience would
attend the produCtion of the account in question. The depert.
mcnt to which the motion referred was one which required the
particular vigilance of the Houma; indeed it was one in which
the HOUttt MO A particular interest t tor the snvings of' this
department were direct'ed to go to the Consolitieted Fund:e
lle had long observed, that whenever Dlinistere were at a less
far argument, theyealled upon the House to preserve the pre-
rogative of the Crotvn. Suniething like this had 'been attempted
in the protein bootlace ; but with so little titleeesi in tea king
out even a plausible case, that he trusted the Hoese would 'not,
in this instance, neglect its duty ; but would carry the motion
of his Hon. Friend.

.
Mr. LENNAR T) shortly rep lied. . Ile confessed, that as the
new Government had a character to establi4l, he OM not ex
'lett that they Would oppose the present motion by ads:melt*
a propositiOu which went to deny the right of tiat Goose to
inquire into this battle') of the public e.xpenditure. lle ton-
tended that his argument had not, been impeach in the Slightest
degree. The public expenditure in this Department 'had
beau upwards of "at million within the last foar years.
thought reduction was necessary, but Whetlitr lsc. wan right
or wrong in this respect, he conceived that his right to call
ter information could not be denied, it this information was
necessary to enable him to explain the case he was abont to lay
before the House. .Tie should certainly press tho ittOtiOn to At
'division.
The House then divided--
Vor the Motion -
Against it
Majority 'against it
CASE (H' COLONEL 110 ME.
ieOs,n
iorleol-vcei!oniitetoirrn
el Home,
ilinirgll".chipeic(isaolfiettYh'e wPeroibeloculdditi'4Vgs. ofli qt In-
quiryhiof the Third Poor. Guards, The ease
of that Officer was, in his (Mr." Ilcutiet.4s) opinion, one of. great
importance, and, though he might despair of suctet ding in the
application which he felt it hits, duty to malts, to the ;Icon,: he
dld not despair of the Sumesi which would arise from the:itn-
pression which that Officer's case could tiGt fail to make Upon.
the public. Having obtained' information, which tht be
to be txirrect, he felt himself called, upon in jostiee to the en:t-
ractor of that injured Officer, at.d to the lostitutions ef thy
army, to bring his case under the cortifileration of the
it wits nevesshry to premise, that this 'Officer w no midis-
tinguislied in the military history of the country. He entered
the service in 11103, had served in the Peninsula, in tiertiniq,
anti wherever his regiment was ei.gagcti, ar3l, in the last grep.r,
conflict at Waterloo, had Conspicuously distinguished
sellinhe that post- which was technically anti crriphatiodlY
d t key of the position—the post of !bow. moot. ,Liss::Officer, when be returned home, had the misfortune to engage
in an unprofitable mining concern in Woreiltciire, miying
upon representatious,.which ski bsequentlY turn.d oit to be false.
After engaging in this specnlation, in the sprint; of 11114, he
Wait ordered to the Continent, where he Tentsini.il onfil After the
peace of Paris. Upon his return to this (build the
concern in which be had ent,,agt3l iu,n ruinous state, and that
he had been grossly aritlAcandahnialy imposed upon. :the lion.
.Member pmroceeded to read 'sm
ae letterit, frotri-the brother of
Colouel Hoe, who had gone lows: to Wov i e nto tbe state of
the concern, with -a view of sheering the shafting and evasiva
mallet of thc parties by whom he tad been prevailetiONit to
embark in Oils trading transaction. Fret') these letters it Sp-
peareti to t't' the opinion.of all the other partners that it. would be
better to suinnit w the rag loss, IMO 'Ott an end to this hittoo,
than to softer into remain under the truautgeoleitt of Mr,' Salis-
bury. Col. Rome would have been glad to withdraw himself front

---24

. .
the c.oncern, at the expel:tee of all the Capital he hid embarked
in it, but as the partners declined, he consulted reepectablelaw.
yers, who advised him to get bills drawn upon him and to ateeept
them in the name of the firm, with a view of cenripelling the
partners to come to any equitable settlement. Shortly after ono
of these bills had been presented for payment, eome scandalous
placards were struck up in the town, casting the greseest
and most unfounded aepersions on the character of Co'ionel
Home. As soon as Colonel Home was informed of this--cir-
curestance, he immediately took measure's to repel the were
eion, and a person was employed to meet the beadier of Colonel
Home to investigate the whole transaction. This person, Who,'
it should be observed, was an agent of the opposite party, atl.
mitted that nothing
,cough •be more honourable than the con-
duct of Colonel Home. That officer subsequently received es.
letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, in which he was in-
formed that a Court. ,of . Inquiry would be held to, inCeeti-
gate certain transactions in winch he was said to, be hnpli,
cased with the firm of etialisburY and Co. • On, requiring a
specification of the chargee, principal another letterAom
Colonel Hill, in which the points of charge Welt
btiiteet to be his accepting various Dills, rom which he was ree
strained by the articles of partnership ; his peesisting and swear.
ing hy.effidavit in the Court of Chancery that he wax ignorant of
the existence of thotie articles, wben persuadingould be proved that they
lied been delivered to him ; and his Quarter :banter
Wagon to personate him, and receive in that character the in..
junimion of the. Court Of Chancery, restraining hint from accept.
lag bills. The Court met on the 2fith Jan.. 111111, and on the
30th, came to certain resoliiiions, which be (Mr. H.)
had no he..
sitetion in declaring to be most loosely, vaguely, and illegally
drawn up. They were directly contradicted by the evidence, and
if this were civil case, would justify a monon for a new trial.
The first resolution stated, that Col. Home was a partner in the
firm of Salisbury and Coe,. but this feet had never been proved
to the Court. Ile (Mr. 11.) did not mean to deny that Col.
flame was a partner in the concern ;—(Cheers from the
blieititerial benches), but Still it was material that he had
. not•beere proved to be a partner. Besides the time at which
eke partnership commenced, which was another material
point ''as not gutted. The second Resolution a the Court
• tittiall; That Colonel Home had in a letter expreseed himself
perfectly satisfied with, and gave his consent to any
ere of th arrange
e-
ments which might be made by the managing partn
concern. There was not the slightest truth in this statement,
and to prove this, he would read the letter. The letter merely
St the Colonel's readiness to agree to any purchase which
bad been made or which might be made, for the benefit of the
concern.—(llear ! from the Ministerial benchee.)—There WAS
a great difference bet Ween the words " arrangement" and
" purchase ;" for though the Colonel was ready to agree to any
special purchase which fad been or which Might be Made, it
eadir I) d
not Appear thathe was ready to agite'to any thing' lse.—( H
Another Resolution declared that Colonel Home had drawn
bills to a very large amount, in violation of an agreement which
he had entered into with his co-partners, and a-fourth Resolu-
tion charged hint with taking measures to avoid the Lord Chaes.
n-
cellor's injunction, by prevailing upon Quarter-Mr W
ton to receive it, anti further stated that the officer serving
tha: injunction believed the Quarter-Master to be the Lieu.
tenant-Colonel. • Celonel'Home subsequently received a letter
tram Colonel' 1181 , in which the latter officer stated that he
was commanded by the'Duke of Gloucester to inform him, that
ater the proceedings of the late Court of Inquiry, he (Colonel
Home) could not remain in the service, 'unlessliis conduct were
cleared by a General Cotirt Martial. The letter further gave
hint the option of abiding by the decision of a Oeurt Martial, or
of selling his Commission. • OA. Home immediately demanded
a Court Martial, and he Was informed in another letter, that the
Duke of York had issued the necessary orders fur convening
a Court Martial with the least possible delay. Every thing
wait going on in the usual train, by which alone an accused offi-
cer can clear himself from any charge that may be brought
'against his character and honour. The whole of the evidence
was submitted to the Adiocete-Gcneral, whose duty it is on
such occasions to draw up the charges. On the••loth February,
1018, the Judge-Advocate cane to this conclusion : " that
Colonel 'Horne had been induced to enter into a commercial
speculation by persons whose honesty and fair dealing there was
strong reason to suspect; that he 'luta been 'recommended to
accept bale drawn upon the firm in 'Order to bring the pert.•
ners to general settlement, 4ind that -It was bring
no means
clear that the partnership concern was not liable for these bill
ch
s."
was a question, therefore, involving civil rights whi
aught by no means to be made the.eitiejeet of a enilitary'intresti,-
gatton. With respect to die allegation, however, that Colonel
'Home lied denied having received 'ft -Cony of the agreement
tt'pon which the partnership wits 'foun(led, than 'charge, air.tioubtedly, affected his character es an officer and a gentleman,
butt, upon ti ,in point, the evidence was by no means clear. Ott the
contrary, he had sworn, in answer to it bill flied against hint in
tlitancery., that he had never received a copy of such an agree.
ment, and that allegation waist be taken to be true, since, if it
were false, the Coiotld, Was liable to, e indicted for perjury.—
WWI respect to the chargecif his Laving preruiled upon Quer-
ter-Master Nireston to receive the injunction of the Court of Clutn.•
eery, there was no .evidence that Col. Home had received any
notice that such a process would be issued against him, and the
allegation itself was contradicted by the Quarter Master. Upon
the whole it appeared to the Advocate-General, that justice
could not'be done to Col. Home by it Coiirt Martial, but that a
'4!ourt of Inquiry, where the proceedings were lese-preeise and.
formal, and where more weight was given to opinion, thin to
rules of evidence, was in this case a much more satisfactory tri-•
lonal. Hear this, ye lawyers, exclaimed the Hon, Gentleman,
--if there be any lawyers in the House, and • wonder while ye'
beer ! A court-martial was bound to administer justice on'
oath, to examine witnesses on oath, and was not got erneth by,
Opinion, hut by evidence ; whereas a Court of Inqiciry was
net sworn to administer justice,--had no power to 'summon
witnesses, or to call for documents, and yet this very
tinction, that its proceedings were grounded by opinion, and
not by evidence,. wars that on which the Advocate. General
u
• fondal his opinion, that it was a more satisfactory tribunal.—
There was no term 'of reprobation which it did not merit—no
epithet which was severe enough for it. Ile would entreat the
• ilietse to bear in mind the consequence, if such Courts were al-.
lowed to decide on such matters. This officer complained that he
had been placed in a situation which was unpleasant in the ex-
treme. He had been tried by a tribunal that could not 410111111
.i!istite. It was monstrous to state, that if he could not get
,rustic- from a Court-martial, he would get it from a Cnort
of Inquiry. The case Was this: did Colonel Home, when lee
drew the bills, or when they were draWn, do it 88 IL Consent-
ing party to the terms which had been agreed to in 1813 ? lie
would say, that he did not ; that heehail never received intimit.
/ion of these terms, and did not, in fact, know of their existence.
—Were the Honourable Gentleman detaikd and commented
upon the evidence which hati been laid before the Court-matn
es) in 111181, and from that he contended that Col. Home Wan
trot aWare, that in accepting the bills he was acting contrary to
any. terms of aeement of the partners ; that in procuring
Quartenneeter Weston to receive the injunction he did net
wish that oenoeniao to personate him ; but that in hint
and
whole
'vase he had acted by the addict of his begat Agents, •
that consequently he must have concluded that the whole of hie
conduct was legal. The had been proved by the testimony of
the evidence ageinet Colonel Home, and he (Mr. G. Bennet
would challenge the Noble Lord opposite (Lord Feline-Non),
indeed he would challenge any man to point out a single tittle
a evidence upon which the ease rested. Was it to be induced
that a Gallant Officer, who had served his' country so well for
the long period of eighteen years, should have upon such a
'charge and at the suggestion of such a Court, been stripe' of
hie name and his- rank ? It should be borne in mind that
'the Court had been instituted for one purpose and used for
*nether. Ile did not mean to enter into the question of
Courts of Inquiry. When considered -in the same light and
used for the same purpose as Grand inries, they might have their
advantages ; but at courts of decision they were illegal ; and'
lie Would appteil to any wain whether he would wish to have his
fortrone at the meecy, he would saythe caprice of a court where
the judges and the witnesses had, no responsibility. He Mr;
Bennet) hoped he had now discharged his duty. He had; lie
hoped, contributed to set up a man in some degree to that cha-
racter, and the soeiety of those ancient officers with whom the
teidlant Colonel had associated. The lion. Member concluded
by moving for a copy of the Minutes of the Court of inquiry,
and all toe documente in the matter of Lieutenant. Colonel
Home, late of the $d Guards, in 1818.
This motion being put,
Lord PAIAIERSTON rm. He would leave the military
'diameter of Col. Home out of view, as it had really as little to
do with the present question, as that queetion, in his oyinion,
had with Parliamentary Inquiry. lie really did not think the
case one that would call for the production of a confidential corn-
Munication by a vote of the House.. The case was as plain as it
was brief. Colonel Home had entered into a certain mercantile
speculation ; anti when he found that speculation was not likely
to be profitable, he had attempted to withdraw his capital, by
means which had been thought unjustifithatable. H
was e had be
rant come
a partner by purchasing wa ; and Ile igno of
the terms of the co-partnery would have been no excuse for
Alan, as he ought to have informed himself of the groands
• upo which he had invested his capital. Finding diet the
• apeeulation was not to turn out well, he had attempted in the
manner which had been stated to withdraw his capital. Now the
whole, capital was 27,0001. and of this sum which had been
advanced by the Colonel was 3,100 f. Now from this it was
evident that not he but his partners would have had brotherbear the
greater %bare of the loas. !still he had authorised hito
draw 1411 s upon him, and these bills he had accepted in the
;me of the Company, and thus made his partners liable.—
Thie liability had been stated on the opinion of a Court 'of
10; ,and that the bills were drawn by Col. Hotnes brother,
Much the maMe as if they had been drawn by himself.—
/iteint
bill* had been accepted for no Value, and peculiar ellen-
' Pah ha been W put them into circdation. They

wee in the hands of makers of combs anti umbrellas,: and
sellers of cloth. Now, upon what ground could he think
himself justified in doing this ? Had he entered into, the
business voluntarily—or had he entered into it blindfolded?
—lle was come to those years at which he might be sup-
posed to manage his own .:concerns : and though tie spe.
ciliation which he had entered neon thus Voluntarily, had
not turned out profitably, that Wits no reason why he the smallest
partner should be the firsteo withdraw 'till hie canitalV and not all
his capital merely, but even more, tbr lie had drawn to a. greater
amount,—especially *lien it was done in a manner which could
not be reconciled with honourable proceedings. With regard to_
the question of his ignorance of the turrt, diet was not clear.—
lie had indeed mentioned the letter of the partner in which the
Copy
.of the articles were said to be inclosed, as containing only
one inclosure, and not two as were alledged, but then he 4
lead never asked for the other. When the parties who were
'the holders of these bilts; the makers of combs and umbrellive,
and tolers of cloth, to whom he (Lord Palmerston) had al-
ready alluded, found that other bills to an extent greater than
the sum which the Colonel had in the concern might be
drawn, they applied for an injunction of the Court of Chancery.'
This injunction the, gallant Colonel had first applied to a Capt.
Drumniond, who was Adjutant of the regiment, to receive for
him ; and whenthe Captain had refused, lie had applied to the
Quarter-muter. , This could not be a casual receiving, and was
no evidence:that the nature of the paper was not known to the
Colonel. His Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief's at-
tention had-been attracted to the subject in consequente of phi-
' cards having been posted up at various parts of the metropolis.
There were both placards and counter placards—a line of con-
duct not befitting a Lieutenant-Colonel of the Guards. (Hete
the Noble Lord produced a printed placard nearly a yard
long, which excited moth laughter in the House.) It was the
'intention 'of the Doke of York to have ordered a Court Mar-
tial, but the original intentioti was departed from, in conse-
quence of the opinion of the Judge Advocate that it would not
be advisable to pinstie-thet course as other interests were in.
volved. The Court of Inquiry was then proposed—an old and
accustomed practice,'frequently resorted to since the middle of
the last century. Very enlightened Judges held opinions as to
the Tight of appointing.euch Courts, quite opposite to that en.
tertained by the lion. Member. Under every view of the case,
he (Lard.PalineretOn) was satisfied that his Majesty was well
advised in removing Colons Home film the army, and that
consequently the Hon. Member had made out no case or any
proper grouod for his' motion.
111 r. BENNET stated, in reply, that no complaint had been
made by the referees of the conduct of Colonel Home ; on the
contrary, it was praised by them. With respect to the legality
of Courts of Inquirye as stated by the Noble Lord (Palmerston),
lie wished the army Joy of it, and certain he Was, that it would
have the effect either of drawing front the service every honour-
able and gallant officer, or of placing his charadter and pro-
perty at the disposal of an arbitrary institution, in direct hosti-
lity to all those great institutions of the country by which cha-
recur and property was protected.
Lord PALMERSTON and Mr. BENNET mutually explained,
and the motion watrejected.
NEWOUNDLAN
F D.
Mr. WILMOT moved for leave to bring in a BM to Amena
the Laws in Newfoundland. It was his intention to haVe the
Bill printed, and with the permission of the House, to take the
debate on the second reading. The Bill had three general ob-
jects—first, the Amendment of the Lawsreepecting the Fisheries;
second, the Im p rovement of the Courts of.lustice ; andlast, the
In of a Local Power to make Bye-Laws under certain
circumstances.
Sir J. NEWPORT reserved his opinion until the tfrovisions
of the Bill were before the House t. he merely rose to protest
against the principle of the old and new judicatures being allow-
ed to co-exist.
Mr. BRIGHT suggested, that as the
er question
ve certain p
pers laid befOre them explanatory of the state of the Colony.
Dr, LUSIIINGTON said, there never had been a Colony
so completely neglected as that of Newfoundland. He wish ea
to know, whether the details of a measure that embraced the
interests, and effected the concerns of 60,000 persons, had been
first submitted to the consideration of the respectable inhabi.
tants ?
Mr. wiLmoT stated the measure was brought in upon the
responsibility of Government, and, that the inhabitants having
means of information, it was in their power if they disproved of
any of the clauses in the Bill to protot against them.
Mr. M. A. TAY[,OR said he felt deeply for the interests of
14eivfoundlarel, and would rejoice et the Introduction of any i
measures likely to tend to her prosperity, but he thought the
root of the evil which was destroyine that Colony had been laid :1
in. the lAA treaty with America, which by allowing the Amer'. '
cane to fish in the waters and to dry their fish on the coast had
occasioned die loss of almost the whole trade to Newfoundland,
as the Americans by their local advantages were enabled to
undersell the British merchants, many of whom in consequence
sold out. Ile could appeal to several Members, among others
to a late President of the Board of Trade, for the troth of his
assertions.
Mr. HUME thought the answer of the Right Hon. Gentle-
man (Mr. Wilmot) to his Hon. Friend's question, was little to
the phrpoite. When he said the Bill was on the responsibility
of Government, and ought to be taken on that confidence, he
ought to recollect that last Session a Bill relative to Ca-
neda was proposed on the same confidence and turned out of
the Howie, as he hoped this would be, if it were an injudicious
One. , lie thoi.q.,,lit that a Bill which went to alter the rights of ,
property, and to Change the internal economy of the settle-
ment, ought not to have been proposed lint upon grounds of
information examined by a:Committee. If the people of the,
Colony had made conplaints of the existing system of law,
they ought to be laid en the Table, and if not, he did not see'
What business Ministers had to legislate anew for them. . . ,
Mr. TULE, expressed his concurrence with the opinions of
'the Hon. Member for Dinhamlllir. Taylor); on this subject, !
and Contended that the interests of the Colony had been coin.,!
promised. He thoueht it only proper that the Bill should be
submitted to the consideration of all persona in this country,
who were interested for the prosperity of the Colony, as well u
themerchants of Newfoundland, before further steps should be.
takee. r
. * The CHANCELLOR of The EXCHEQUER' stated, that
he had signed the'treaty of which the. lion. Member for Dur-
ham complained. Ile did not mean .the treaty of Ghent, but one
subsequently made in NIB. He had advised the signing of the
treaty, as thensettled, and he did not believe it had any of the
had effects' which the Honourahle Member imputed to it. The
question between Great Britain and America at that time, was
nut as to a concession of privileges to the latter, to which
there Was no 'claim, but was one of A, very delicate nature; and
the principal point wee, whether the war between the countries,
which arose subseqtently to the acknowledgment of the Ame-
rican Independence, had abrogated the rights conferred on.
America in 1703. The Americans insisted that if even they,
were, yet, by the force of the treaty of Ghent in lill 5, they were
restored ip,o filet° to all the rights confirmed to them by the
treaty:of 1781 The question was thus one of compromise, as
both nations insisted upon extreme rights, and it could only be ,
decided either by war or compromise. He did not think it expe-
dient that the war should be renewed, and he therefore advised
the compromise. America, on her side, conceded sonic privi-
leges, on receiving from Our Goteinment the liberty of drying
fish On part of the coast of Newfoundland. He had communica-
tion at the time with the lion. Member and merchants in the
trade with that colony, and did not think he was doing any
thing prejudicial. to their interests. lie was convinced that no
unreasonable or Injurious concession had been made, nor did the'
Americans take much advantage of the privilege. The whole of
the South of Europe, which chiefly afilirtled the market* for our '
salt fish, he believed were as much supplied by our &hence now
am at any former period. He had nothing to do with the details
of the question. Ile would venture to say, that if the trade of
Newfoundland, instead of being'the fluctuating thing it was, ac-
tually
were in the most flourishing condition,: yet some ouch Inca-
sure as this would be requisite ter the good government of the
colony. lie was surprised it should be made hn objection to this
measure, that it was brought in on the responsibility of Govern-
ment. It was usual on the opposite side of the /louse to accuse
Ministers of not bringing in measures on their own responsibi-
lity, but of devolving the proposal of their plans upon Corn.;
mittees. His Right Hon. Friend had not done so, and surely
he ought to meet with any thing but censure for having adop-
ted the fair, honest, manly, and constitutional coarse.—(Hear=)
—Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.
LAWS RESPECTING FORGERY-
Dr.
Dr. LUSHING'rON rose to move for leave to bring in 14;
Bin to amend the laws respecting forgery. He wished to tor.:
rect certain defective' enactments, but did not propose to alter
the puniahment of the prime. Ile:did not wish to inflict capital
punishment where it was not at present inflicted, nor to take it
away from those crimetto which it was now applied. Ile 'pro-
posed, however, to make certain offences penal which could not
be punished at resent. The destruction of a will was one of
these. That offence watt not properly provided against at pre-
sent, yet the crime was not one of very rare occurrence.
His intention was to bring in the Pill, in order that it might
stand over to next Sestion. He trusted the House would keep
itself free for discuesion on the subject. The liOn. and Learned
Member concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill to
consolidate, amend, and declare certain genetal enactments in
the law relating to the crime of forgery. The motion was
agreed to, and leave given.
SHERIFFS' COURTS, SCOTLAND.
The LORD ADVOCATE obtained leave to bring in a Bill
for the better regulation of the SheriffS' Courts in Scotland.
IRISH II A LF. PA Y.
General GASCOYNE moved for a copy of the Warrant
directing Officers on half-pay, and Widows and Orphans of
Officers receiving allowances in Ireland, to be paid to :Irish
currency. The lion. Member expressed his regret that for so

paltry a saving asl or 8 per cent. on their allowances the half-
pay Officers should be discouraged from residing in Ireland,
while they received the amount in British currency if they re-
sided in France or in any fbreign country.
"Lord PALMERSTON said that the army in Ireland was
always paid in Irish currency, as a matter of cource, and he saw
no reason why a distinction should be drawn to the advantage of
Officers on half-pay. If the principle was adopted at all it
should embrace those on full pay as well as those on half-pay,
which would make a difFerence of 10,0001. a year according to
our present establishment, and still more in time of war.
General GASCOYNE explained.
Sir J. NEWPORT observed that the half-pay officers in
Ireland paid their taxes in British currency, and ought to re-
ceive their pay at the same rate.
Mr. HUME hoped that the Noble Lord would see the pro:.
ety of putting the pay of the whole army, whether in Great
BBritain or Ireland, precise on the same footing.
The motion was then agreed to.
On the motion of Lord PALMERSTON some additional
Papers on the same subject were ordered.
EXCISE AND CUSTOMS.
the 'CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose to move
for leave to bring in a Bill to consolidate • certain Revenue
Deparunents of Great Britain and Ireland. The Right Ho-
hourable Gentleman observed, that the Commissioners of
Inquiry had furnished so much information on the sub-
ject of the Excise in Ireland, that it was only necessary
to state to the House the principle lie was desirous to re-
commend. The three. Boards of Excise in England and
Ireland consisted of 39 persons, receiving adeqnate salaries ;
all these Boards -were under the superintendence of the Trea-
sury, bttt an uniformity of practice could not be expected.—
Every body must be aware that uniformity of practice was
desirable, and in order to simplify' or get rid of defects occa-
Sioned by irregularity, the lion. Gentleman proposed to adopt
-the recommendatiOn of the Commissioners of 'lnquiry, and to
consolidate the Excise of Ireland With that of England. There
would be,ltl Commissioners of Excise and Customs; one Board
would be always in Ireland, the other in En,Plantl. He should
be prepared to detach four Commissioners from the Board in
Kngland, so there would always be resident Commissioners in
Scotland and Ireland. The Boards would act in conformity,
and produce a considerable saving of expence. The Honours
able Gentleman then concluded by moving far leave to bring
in the Bill.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT .consideredthe measure entitled to
support. It was u proceeding founded on the enlightened prin-
ciples which had done the Commissioners of InqUiry the greati
est honOur.--LeaVe was.given to bring in the Bill.
Dr.' LUSHINUTON obtilined leave 'to bring in a Bill to
facilitate the examination of witnesses in foreign parts.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. F. BUXTON moved for copies of communications made
to the Directors of the East India Company respecting the
Slave trade, and stating the period at which the territory where
slavery exists, came under. the dominion of the Company. The
Hon. Member also moved for returns respecting the number of
'females who had burned themselves on the funeral pile of their
husbands in India, since Jdly. 1821.—Ordered.
The Prisons Bill was read the third time and passed.
The other Orders of the Day weretlisposed of, and the Howie
adjourned at 11A tr-r.awr Os E.

A List 1 Or THE MINORITV
WllO VOTED FOR MR. LENNARDIS MOTION,
Por information respecting the Expenditure of the £216;950
allowed for the Salaries of Foreign 31inisters and Consuls, 'in
the Third Class of the Civil
Abercromby,fin:J. Grattan J. Palmer,. C. F.
Bright, Henry ' Hume, 'Joseph Rice, T. S.
Blake, Sir F. Hobhouse, .1. C. Ricardo, David
Burdett, Sir F. Hartopp, G. :Sykes, D.
Bernal, Mph Knight, Robert Scott, J.
Bennet, Hon. H. G. Luahington, S. Wood, Aldermsta
Davies, Colonel Martin, John
Denison, W. J. Ora, Wm.
Fergusson, Sir R.C. Phillips, G.
Olctunchy, Vise. Poyntz, W. S.

'VEILTIRS.
Lennard, ,T. B.
Lbrd J.

LISTS OP THE MINORITY AND MAJORITY
ON COLONEL BARRY'S XOTION,
For Papers explanatory of the Conspiracy to murder the Lorii
Lieutenant of Ireland,—Mtrch 24.
MINORITY.
Abercromby,fln.j. 'Grattan, J. . Roberts, G. J.
Brin Sir T. Hart, O. V. 'Sefton, Earlof
Bright, Henry Ilaldimand, W. Tulk, C. A.
Boughey,Sir J. F. Witham, Lord Thompson, Ald.
Bennet, H0u.11.0. Hamilton, Lord A. Trench, F. W.
Claiighton, T. Hume, J. Wilson, Sir It.
Colborne R. Larnbion, J. G. Wells, John
Creevey,'Thos. Marjorihanks, S. Williams, W.
Downie, R. O'Neil, lion. John
Duncunnon, Viact. Pares, T. 'TELLERS.
Fergusson, Sir B.C. Phillips, G. .R. Lush
Pane, J. Pakenharn, II on.R. Lushington, Dr.'
MAJORIT V
Antrobus, G. C. Forbes, C. Percher, a.
Adana, Sir T. D. Gifford, Sir R. Peel, Rt. Ilon. R.
Arbuthnot,Rt Hon. Grenfel4 P. Palmerston; Lord
C. 'Hulse, Sir C. Plunkett, Rt. lion.
Blake, Sir F. Huskisson,Rt.llon. W.
Bruce, R. 'W. Prendetgast, M.
Browne, P. Hill, Sir G. Rice, Hon. G.
Bry.dges, G. Holford, G. P. Ricardo, D.
Blair, J. Berries, W. C. Sumner, H.
Bourne Rt. Hon. Kingsborotigh, La Smith, R.
' W. S. Lockhart, W. E. Smyth, W.
Campbell, A. Lewis, '1 F. Wood, T.
Courtenay, W. Lowther, Viso. Wallace T.
Clive, Eon. It. Lindsay, Hon. 11. Wynn, IL W.
Copley, Sir J. S. Montgomery, SirJ. Wellesley, R.
Douglas, J. Martin, J. TELLERS.
Evelyn, Landon Newport, Sir J. Phillimore, J.
Fremantle, W. Onamiumey, Sir F. Lushington, S. R.

PARIS PAPERS OF SUNDA.

[FURTHER EXTRACTS')
PARIS' MARCH 3.--At) order of the day, in
Which is given the ordinance that was inserted in
yesterday's 3loniteur, contains the following
The National Guard will find in this severe measure a
new proof of the solicitude of his Majesty Or every thing that
concerns the existence and honour of the National Guard.
" In consequence of the dispositions of the above ordinance,
the order of the day of the 10th of this month, directing that a
council of discipline should be convoked, to pronounce upon
the charge of disobedience on the part of the sub-officer of
the 4th Legion, who on the 4th instant refused to execute the
orders of the President of the Chamber of Deputies, is to be
considered as annulled.
" MM. tlaColonels will make known, by means of orders
in their respective legions, the present artier of the day. The
Colonel of the 4th Legion is particularly charged to enforce, as
far as concerns that Legion, the prompt execution of the ordi-
nance of the King. •
..(ffigned) " The MajorXeneral,
" The Duke de CLERMONT-TONNERR.E."

SPAIN.
After a more than ordinary interruption to the
usual communications with IVladriti, we have re-
ceived papers and letters from that capital to the
18th inst. The intelligence which they contain
relates chiefly to the change of the seat of Go.
vernment and the change of the Ministry. On
the latter point the Especlador (of the 17th)
satisfies our curiosity by giving the following list
I of the new Cabinet :-
1. Don Manuel. Garcia Burros, Minister of
the Interior.
2. Don Sebastian Fernandez Vallesa, Minister
of Grace and Justice; formerly Auditor of War
to the army of San Fernando (the troops of the
Isle of Leon.)
3. Florez Estrada, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
4. Torrijos, Minister of War.
5. Calvo de Routs Minister of Finance.
The first of these ilinisters elect is at present
Political Chief of Corunna ; the three last are
the same who were nominated some time ago,
but who were either absent or refused to accept
of their appointments. On the repetition of the
offer, their consent, it would appear, has been
obtained. In the mean time, the Ministers who
