PATENTS BILL.

The Marquis of CLANRICARDE wished to know
whether it was the intention of the Noble Lord on the
Woolsack to proceed with the Patents B;11 this session ?

The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that a more im-
portant Bill than the one alluded to by the Noble Marquis,
could not have been brought from the other House of
Parliament, relating, as it did, to the amendment of the
Law of Patents, which was at the present moment in a
most unsatisfactory state. No subject was more delicate
and difficult, nor required more attention. He had en-
tered upon the consideration of the subject with great
alacrity, feeling the great necessity for some amendment
in the law upon the subject. It had, however,
so happened, that from the great multiplicity
of other business during the present session, he had not
as yet had an opportunity of giving the subject that atten-
tion which it required. He had not even had an oppor
tunity of examining the report of the Committee
of the other Nouse. He must, therefore, throw
himself on the indulgence of their Lordships, and
the other House of Parliament , and he trusted they would
bear with him in his proposition for postponing the fut ther
consideration of the measure to the next session. Both
himself and his Learned Friend the Chief Baron would,
at that time, be prepared to give their heat attention to
the subject, should their Lordships think fit to appoint a
Committee.

Lords FLUNKET and WYNFORD agreed with the
Noble and Learned Lord that a more important subject
had never come before Parliament than the subject of
patents.

The Marquis of SALISBURY wished to know if there
was any objection to mAcmg a return of all the returning
officers under the Reform Bill?
Lord MELBOURNE —No.

The Marquis of SALISBURY wished to know when
the Poor Law Commissioners would make their report ?
Lord MELBOURNE said he believed immediately.
The Bishop of CHICHESTER, in the absence of the
Archbishop of CANTERBURY, presented a petition from
Yalding, praying fir a revision of the criminal code.

EAST INDIA BILL-CARNATIC STOCK.

The order of the day being read,

The Earl of ABERDEEN moved that Counsel on
behalf of the holders of Carnatic Stock should then be
heard.

The Mirquis of LANSDOWNE said his Majesty's
Govelmuent had given all the attention in their power to
the particular object brought forward by the Noble Earl
in the petition he a night or two since presented.
The revenues of the Carnatic were set apart for the pay-
ment of the holders of such Stock, which was con
firmed by the 46th Geo. 111. However, after all the
consideration he had been able to give the matter, he did
not see that the Commissioners for the petitioners would be
placed in any worse situation than before—suhstanttally
they would be in an good a situation after the passing of
the Bill as before. He would, however, make no opposi-
tion to a distinct provision bring introduced in the Bill, in
order to put them in exactly the same situation as they
now are.

The Earl of ABERDEEN said he felt satisfied that
such would be the result of the investigation promi.ed to
he given the subject by the Noble Marqui.. The peti-
tioners desired to be put in no better situation than they
at present stood, but also not to be put into worse.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said, there were other
creditors than the holders of Carnatic Stock, and he
trusted the Noble Marquis would provide a clause, giving
all of them the same security promised to hose petitioners,
and stating the precedency they should have in being
charge& le on the revenues.
. _

The Earl of ABERDEEN said, though he had only
heen charged with the Carnatie Stock holders, the clause
he had prepared embraced the whole ; for be agreed in
everything that had fal en from the Noble Duke.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said he could not
agree to the proposition of the Noble Duke. The peti
tioners had allowed the whole of the proceedings to take
place, and for a►rove six months to be debated before the
House and before the public, without making know
that they entertained the slightest apprehension
of the arrangements which had been come
to on their behalf, and for their benefit—for he
believed that their situation would be benefitted by
the relief given to the territorial possessions. Could
their Lordships conceive it possible that they had
not had distinct intimation of what was to be dnne
by the Bill? The distinct words of Mr. Grant in
a letter, written to the Directors, dated so far back as
February, were, that the Bill would benefit the territo.
rial conditions, as they obtained for the first time a
national recognition of their lien upon the Indi in territory
—released from all doubts in law or equity which
might be raised to their rights. This was made known
to the public, the Bill passed through every stage in the
House of Commons, it passed through two distinct stages
in that House, and then those creditors were to come and
claim to interrupt the course of their proceedings.
The complaint of these persons was, that the interest of
the stock was not provided fur. Such, however. was not
the case. The Noble Marquis contended that the situa-
tion of these parties was not deteriorated, but
that by the liberation of the territorial revenues
their petition was considerably benefited, and therefore he
could nor accede to any proposition that would interrupt
the proceedings on this Bill.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said the Noble Marquis
had given no answer to that p.rt of the subject of which
he complained. In former Acts there were provisoes
for the payment of those creditors ; whereas, in
the present Act there was no such proviso, and they
were total y deprived of that advantage. The intention
of the President of the Board of Control had not been
carried into effect.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE explained.
The Marquis of SALISBURY thought that the territo-
rial creititois had an equal claim w►th others to bave their
debts liquidated.
. .

Lord .WYNFORD could not concur with the statement
of the Noble Marquis, thit the creditors of the Company
would be phi:id in a better situation by this Act. On
the contrary, their situation would he rendered wor.,e.

Lord AUCKLAND maintained that the assets of the
Company were sufficient to pay the whole of the claimants,
and that therefore none of them could have reasonable
ground of complaint. That fact appeared from the cal-
culations of Mr. Melville, of the India House, as well as
others, and could not be doubted. Under thoe circum•
stances, he could not conceive that the holders of remitta-
ble debt, or of any other claims upon the Company, would
be in any worse situation than they had ever 13,-n.
After an observation from the Duke of WELLINGTON,
which we could not hear, the amendment for bearing
Counsel was withdrawn, and the order of the day for the
further consideration of the report read.
Lord WYNFOHD moved the two amendments he had
before described, which were negatived.
The Marquis of L ANSDOWNE moved an amt ndment
to the 37th clause, to the effect that the fifth Member of
the Council, being in the service of the Company, shall
not sit in Council for executive purposes, but only in a
legislative capacity.—Agreed to.
The M aquis of LANSDOWNE proposed some verbal
amendments in clause 65, relative to the appointment of
a Commission to revise, with a view to assimilate, the
lairs of

The Duke of WELLINGTON olij.cted to sending out
barristers from this country who Were unacquamted with
the local circumstances of India. Such appointments
would he attended with no p-ac,ical benefit.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said that it was never in-
tended to send out hamsters who had not a local acquaint-
ance with India.
T: e clause, as amended, was then agreed to.
The 46th clause, with some verbal amendments, was
also agreed to.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE proposed that the 85th
clause should be struck out, as its pr,anible was considered
ob,ectionable. He proposed to substitut, for it a c ause
by which the laws ielati.,g to slavery si., old be s nt
to the Board of Directors, in orch.r tt at they might be
