A GHOST STORY.

The next trial of my nervous system was at Sierra
Leone. I was then in a frigate, and as fears were
entertained that the French were about to make a
descent upon some part of the encampment (a French
squadron having been seen hovering off the coast), the
free negroes were armed and enrolled as volunteers.
To effect this, at a village about six miles from the in-
terior, I was despatched with proper orders, and the.
boat landed me at the nearest point to my destination,:
It was late in the evening before my duty was com-
pleted ; and as I was particularly desirous to return to
the ship, and make my report, an officer of the York
Rangers lent me a beautiful and spirited horse, which
I mounted, though not without a few misgivings,
which were much increased when I was jocosely
requested not to fall in love with the " ghost" on
the road. On the wayside stood a lone and
uninhabited house, where a trafficker in human
flesh had murdered his wife ; and, ever since,
the lady, or her apparition, had presented herself, after
dark, before the gate. Beyond the house were the re-
mains of a negro village, which, previously to coloni-
zation, had been attacked by slave-dealers and burned.
The aged inhabitants were massacred, the young were
born to slavery ; and now it was asserted, that the
former visited their old habitations, and called aloud
for vengeance to redress their wrongs. Such tales were
slot calculated to inspire composure ; but I strove to
at the jokes passed on me, and started off at full
speed, declaring that " the ghosts should have a long
chase, if they felt inclined to sport." The empty boast
still faltered on my heart, and my tremulous hand
could scarcely hold the rein, when the house of death,
all desolate, appeared in view. Striking the spurs
into the sides of the generous animal, he sprang
forward on his way, and passed the dreadful spot,
without my witnessing any thing to excite horror. Al-
though the moon was up, yet storms were on the wind,
and heavy clouds obscured her light. Often in imagi-
tion did I hear shrieks of the slaughtered negroes as
they came howling on the gale, whilst I rapidly ap-
proached the ruined village, which had been the ter-
rific scene of blood. A black thick cloud with dark-
ness overshadowed the picture, and spread a gloomy
wildness over every object. The horse buried his hoofs
deep in the sand, and, like an arrow from a bow, con-
tinued his fleet career ; when in a moment he stopped,
threw out his fore legs and reared up his haunches,
while steaming foam issued from his nostrils. It was
with considerable difficulty that I retained my seat ; and
as the creature refused to proceed, I rode back a short
distance, and again made an effort to pursue my direct
road, but in vain ; the animal stopped at the same spot,
and flew from side to side of the highway, nor could the
whip and spur urge him to advance. Several times
did I repeat the attempt ; and though a chilling awe
crept through my veins and made my blood run cold,
yet nothing had presented itself to my sight, though it
was evident that the eyes of the horse were fixed upon
something supernaturally terrific. At length the moon
shed her dim light through a fleecy cloud, and then
with horror and amazemement I beheld the cause of
terror, for right in the middle of the road appeared a
long black coffin, and the pale beams of the moon
glanced on the white escutcheon fixed on the top. Every
feeling of the soul was racked to the -extreme ; every
fibre of the heart was nerved to desperation ; and mus-
tering all my breath, I uttered the great and awful name
to which both quick and dead must pay obedience. The
lid of the coffin was thrown up, a figure slowly raised
itself and gazed upon me, whilst my whole existence
seemed quivering on the verge of eternity. The
horse pawed the ,round with uncontrolled fury ; the
howling of the wind seemed more dreadful ;—when a
hollow voice, with distinct utterance, vociferated—
" Don't be alarmed,—'tis only Uncle Joey I—So, so,
poor fellow I So, so. " The horse, hearing a well-
known sound, became pacified ; and then I ascertained
that Uncle Joey, a corporal in the newly-raised volun-
teers, had been to town to fetch an ann-chest, which
had been made by a carpenter to deposit the muskets
in. Having, however, drank rather freely, he had
found himself drowsy on his way back ; so, getting
into the chest (which .was painted black, with a tin
plate on the lid), and, shutting himself in, he had
enjoyed a comfortable nap, till the snorting of the ani-
mal and my shouting brought about his resurrection.
—Tough Yarns.

The influence of spirit drinking in promoting insa-
nity may he judged by the following fact :—ln Richmond
Lunatic asylum, Dublin, of 120 males and 166 females, 114
were ascertained to have been brought on by intoxication.
STRIKE AMONGST THE JOURNEYMEN COACH-
MAKERS.-A very general strike for increase of wages has
taken place amongst the journeymen coachmakers of Man-
chester. The masters have sent agents to London to engage
a number of men in the place of those who have turned out,
and about 100 men have been already engaged.

SHOCKING ACCIDENT.—On Friday morning be-
tween ten and eleven o'clock, as a gentleman named Mardyn,
residing in Great Cumberland-street, Hyde-park, was riding
on horseback along the Knightsbridge-road, near the Horse
Barracks, the animal suddenly slipped down, and rolled over
completely on its side, Mr. Mardyn being underneath. Some
persons who witnessed the accident immediately ran to the
unfortunate gentleman's assistance, and on raising him up he
was found to have sustained a compound fracture of the right
thigh, the fractured portion of the bones protruding through
the flesh, and causing an extensive wound, from which the
blood was profusely streaming. Mr. Mardyn was ultimately
removed to his own residence, and remains in a highly dange-
rous state.

DIABOLICAL ATTEMPT TO BURN TWELVE
PROTESTANTS TO DEATH.—On Wednesday se'nnight some
villains unknown set fire to the roof of the dwelling-house of
Mr. John Sandford, a most respectable man, in the parish of
Kilkerrin, within seven miles of Tuam, in this county. Mr.
Sandford and his family were all in bed at the time. He has
a wife and ten children. The intent was to burn them to
ashes. Some of the children from the effects of the suffoca-
tion awoke and alarmed the family, who, we are delighted to
add, all escaped unhurt. The only reason that can be as-
signed for this diabolical outrage is, that Mr. Sandford and
family are Protestants ; and the Priest, a few sabbaths before,
from the altar in the chapel, in explaining to his flock the na-
ture of the Bill the late government intended introducing next
session of Parliament, said every parish not having a certain
number of Protestants, would be free from tithe, and they need
pay no such person as Mr. Synge, who is the respected parish
minister. The Priest's hints were not lost on his hearers, as
the above will show.— Galwa,v Advertiser.
