We will give the continuation in a Second Edition.

ENGLISI! OPERA HOUSE.—Poor Barnes, for s°
many years the favourite Pantaloon of our Christmas Panto-
Times, and who, in his own quaintly humorous line, was on
y
inferior to Grimaldi, takes his benefit and final farewell of The
Stage to-morrow evening at the English Opera House.
entertainments provided for the occasion are excellent le Pdiend
of quality, and sufficient of themselves to draw a err
house,
house, but when, in addition to this, the claims of the molt
amusing Pantaloon of his day are considered, we feel con-
vinced that the Theatre will be crowded to overflowing.
NEW STRAND THEATRE.—A clever anti stn isirt
though occasionally somewhat tedious, piece of extravagents
was produced at this theatre last night. Mr. Moncrieu'
author, calls it (in the play bills) " An entirely nevi a
original ad cap-tandem burletta of passing characters, learin,;fme
and incidents, exhibiting existence as it runs ;" and the 'l,l
he has bestowed upon it is Up and Down, or the Boti 10
Life. To detail the story of his Up and Down " dramas
would be the most arduous of tale-telling tasks, It has
Lord Mountjarvey (Mr. J. Lee) who does nothing but "han-
dle
li;
the ribbons" and expound the genealogy of horsefies.
his friends, Count Hamerosky (Mr. Melville), and the 11:3en5
Dick Nightingale (Mr. Franks), the latter of whom e°io
nothing but sing, and the former nothing but aveuch,,o,
German- English, that everything is " dam goot ;" Mr. l'unal
mas Crossweller, senior (Mr. A. Younge), a professi°
whip, and a sort of duplicate of the illustrious Weller, sen\?r,
of the Pickwick Papers; his son, Tommy Crossweller (•
Hammond), who aspires to be a man of fashion, as ambitie,us,
as Lord Mountjarvey to be the fashion among Jehus
t.
we have " boots," and " tigers," and turnpikemen, and Pl,,
boys, et hoc genus omne, an old general, whose ward, 141.016
Bab Titterton (Mrs. Franks), is carried off by his 510;1 s
Lordship; and one Miss Julia Waltzingham (Miss DalYtoo
" back figurante" of her Majesty's iTheatre, between %%I
and Tommy Crossweller are played sundry mistakings ter
cross-purposes, very like to those of Betty Finikin and "ry,
lover in the farce of Gretna Green. Very coarse neclelcas
dull were many of the scenes of this burletta, touched o'l' ad
it were, with a half-worn-out tar-brush ; bat some 13(0%,
jokes, some good, acting by Mr. Attwcod as Ikey getl'6l,
the " boots," and by Mr. A. Younge as old Crossweller, 6°,6„
above all, the introduction, towards its conclusion, of a `tar it
coach in full-drive from Piccadilly to Windsor, cause'ol,
to be very much-relished by the audience, who accomPari
the final fall of the curtain whith most enthusiastic cheering' ,
ANOTHER FIRE AT MANCHESTER.--'
night, between seven and eight o'clock, the wadding glair
factory belonging to Mr. Jenkinson, in Edge-street, Sheol
hill, was discovered to be on fire, and the flames spreacliw
such rapidity, that by the time one of the engines arrivela•
hopes of saving it bad vanished. Mr. Rose, the superill
dent of the police fire-engine establishment, heppened ,deit
going in that direction at the time, and, olnerving the Pt"-rer
was on the spot early. The premises consisted of a t-
story building fronting to Edge-street, and closely WWI ig,
with other buildings, having Thomas-street at the back Ow.
Perceiving that there was no chance of saving the ela°llol'
tory, Mr. Rose directed his attention to cutting off the
munication ;op
with the adjoining property, and with I°
erfsl
The fire was extinguished by nine o'clock; and the pet,
engine Niagara, which had been sent to the fire, was rant?
way back to the police-yard by half-past nine. The bell ol'
which we understood to be the property of Mr. Lee, I'l'4*
sterer, was completely gutted. The loss is not exactly kjicel4
but it is supposed that it will not amount to more (inwu
the building) than about 3001.—Manchester Times. 0 A
A MOTHER DRAGGED FROM HER FAMILY At
DUNGEON FOR SEVEN DAYS TO PAY A FINE OF ONLY 15'1; of
the Lincoln petty sessions, held on the 2d instant, the '7,1,14
a humble mechanic, named Kyme, was convicted of tbri
dirty water over the person of a female, in the service °*o the
Samuel Tuke, painter. The Magistrates who presided °feat,
occasion, considered that the case was provoked by ill-td,oo
ment on the part of the plaintiff toward's the defer the
children, and they only levied a fine of one shilling T°44to
substantive offence : this, however, with costs, am°llllblo tO
nine shillings and sixpence ! The poor woman being 0' rteeP,
pay such a sum on that day, the Magistrates allowed
Pe
days' indulgence ; and previous to the termination of this„t; the
the husband went to the Magistrates and obtained, h; con'
plea of poverty, an additional seven days' grace. At the
the
elusion of the three weeks, not being able to rail,. soP
money, a committal was made out on Thursday weeke
given to police constable Singleton with directions to tat
std
woman into custody. The constable immediately vafieonor
performed his duty. On his arrival at the house the ra-nd
ozwn,dwedhebrey,
whiethr
afinvieinrsamnatlstueekhildren'
wr at the brer?
mdraanggwedastosuprt:i
she remains incarcerated for seven days to workout the 1.6100,1
and the Bs. 6d. for fees. The commitment makes an addle% for
expense or 2s. The following is the account of expel:1010
a breach of the law, for which the fine of Is. was decree
a sufficient penalty:—
Taking information ..., . 2Q.O'l
Warrant
Officer, for serving warrant 2 6
Conviction
Fine
Commitment

I.
...-•••• ..... _

- e
11 6
The law is the perfection of reason !—Lincoln PaPer' to 0
On Saturday last, at Bideford, a child with;
months old, belonging to a man named Oatway, died, to Piisig
kidney, bean in its throat, which its sister had given 2" ed '
with. The sharp end entered the windpipe and ca
t°
of
accident.—North Devon Advertiser. her
Last week the cuckoo was heard by a nuilltreel/
shearers in a vale near Calverton, amongst some oak
Notts. Review, Sept. 1. , stockyli
On Saturday last the Albion Archers or b to#
well-park, Surrey, held their grand field-day, %egg :,
Captain and Lieutenancy were shot. for. The o°a-belie .
well attended, and after a spirited contest, Mr. Cay,ll/dry, . I"
declared the winner of the Captaincy, and Mr. rs. - (I
of the Lieutenancy.
• ell;c
f
A very promising vein of lead has been diStc
reft'e,
in the parish of Carsephirn, of which several °viol*
specimens are already in the possession of the c Lo
Dumfries Times.
On Thursday last the fishermen at one °f ''
int ilcif
the
Gray's fishing stations, down the river, took ashoret of
~ito
net a large turbot, weighing 12i lbs. At this 135 trig 4"'
river, and fora considerable way downwards, the wale fe
fresh, even when the tide is full.—Perth Courier. egb9 0
In many parts of the West of England, 119roc tlor
become so scarce that some persons, tired of bla aro ti to
have given up bunting ; and there is also a talk'of lbole all
ore pack of harriers being given up. This is attc„d oPetbot
the new Game Act, which allowe hares to be killed 3;"„gdg.; of
so'd during the whole year, while the sportsman eeri`-egfe'l
they should be under the same resr:ictions in that I. g
partridges 'lid pheaslmts.
kV loofa'
A VALUABLE BARGAIN.---011 Wednes,;--/rfood
foreign order, or badge, was sold at Mr. flodgson'ss3ch,!sto
Church-street, for the sum of ten guineas. It was P.-,r 1' od
by Mr. Hart, jeweller, of \Vhitechapel, who, on talchililet's, !IA
pieces, found it to be composed of diamonds, ffoil',o
emeralds, worth three hundred guineas !—Liverpo.ol G
trl cOlo,
TRUCK SYSTEM.—The truck system is!' ,:i to icii,e
of the workmen ; by it the thousands are impoverirlae erooi,l°
rich the few, and by whom they are often tree" rktt Of,
slaves than those on whom they depend ; if the ‘1 t a op
to increase their state of slavery, they cannot 21001P,,gdli
ready mcde of doing it than by the establishment 01
odoab'ilo,lo
Shops, the proprietors ere they establish then, uone).ii V
have an agreement (a sort of take-care-of-number-ter 01'
between them and the workmen, by which the lat has
compelled to support the former.—Silurian. ches f re'
The silly habit of smoking cigars on COeoret)ight.,
mitewdaiastfeol yu
found
otuhsaetdahTliatnhreo.' ecahnb:.:titb:::::ereSl:
often been remarked on ; but one fact is worth 5: fe via Iti
marks, and will probably have more weight. P'l,oazi,.°,.e' be
since a gentleman was coming to this city fromit.Ve'ie,,loo,
the mail, and at Broadway he took a cigar, hul rrecotle•
had finished smoking it, he fell asleep. The geatwtheg tVii sparks and a light now and then proceeding from ore 0 60".
man, and which appeared to him to be something oof tele°
the light of a cigar, was induced to get over the ,r, 0 oc'iljog
when
li e hime discovered that the gentleman on ritiraP
off
ffae
was
t cause,hoen
neckerchief,fi r e .
in it; his face also slightly injured.— eorceck" as 100
Last week a pauper who gives her Dollen bring
withM ah ohneery,
a, ebaornyeaibnotioitthfiisveciyteya(rsCooirdk.), from Lontoi:ertlYbg- t i‘i
its arrival, called on a policeman for protection,
was stolen from London by the woman. She h; s 9 it sPdasid if in Bridewell, and the child, which is very intell'gcater Os- saw
rior in manners to what the cffspring of the 11,14115ehe,tatil‘r
expected to be,•has been taken in charge hy -"r;:,',,h t'c,:- beg!
tier until inquiries arc made respecting hinl.--."ght t";,ioE'
tion of Thursday. [Our Irish ContemporarY (:)cage (Ili
irl
given the boy's name ; there are several 01- 1119
from London.] • Jed
h reSi ug
On Friday afternoon Mrs. Hillyat, "...° f berdsbao'
Abbott's-place, St. Pancras, hearing the scrf"ara° litohe'd ill
ter (a child five years old) proceedtng torn the enfelePrgel
her f the sebo via
toned to her assistance, but, on
dairies, instantly fell backward• bo':".tihdeinagrrival ir)bild */
it was found she had eao;:ced
, t tit a
burr i burnt s not expected_ IV 3 ire
to.survire.
.., , ......- jegue,
ImPßiso" DEBT Bll'm. had the 5“ t
.NMENT FOR
ha'fferellee 05
Stand ' .
, tnat the passing of this Bill has already di ,_ot a, 00
ithe On the
- ler
effect of bringing to an amicable conclusionadtneedit
~
Atheir creditors,their ' inir
tween unfortunate debtors and
.s_ith.
ant, 00
number have already effected compromises "_cept nt_ratiotithe
that otherwise would not have taken lace, e"o op. of „
avail
;bat del.
provisions, enacted for their liberation, 0
theti on
losft the
October,
debtorsßill,
......, Pee'
pool Albion.
