REPORTERS.

The next petitions the HON. MF3tuElt had to present
were two fry m persons in prison, but es none of his Ma-
jt,s-y's Mitai•ters were in their place, it was impossible for
him to present those petitions. He thought it serious
cause of complaint that the petitiona of the people were
not listened to by his M,j,sty's Ministers.—( Hear, hear.)
When it was first proposed that the sittings should be at
12 o'clock, it was most distinctly stated, and understood,
that there would always be at least one Ilini•ter present—
( Heat, hear)—and that statement had beets anything
but attended to. If the newsp.yer reporters were not
present, neither the Ministers of the Crown, the public,
nor any human being, would know anything at all about
the presentaion of petitions in that House.—(Hear, hear.)
The benches were nearly empty.
_

An HoN. MEMBER had great pleasure in hearing the
petition presented from Merthyr Tydvil. It seemed to
contain more good sense than he had heard couched in a
petition for a long time. He was sorry that none of the
Ministers were present this morning. Since the passing
of the Beer Bill, the consumption of malt hail been in-
creased a third, and an interruption to ihe system wmfd
greatly injure the con-umption if malt, and in that way
he very preiiidiei.al to the agricultural interests.
Sir G PHILLIPS said people did not want the beer
shops to be »hut up, but only that persons should be con-
fined to the purchase of the beer simuly from the shops,
and to carry it home, there to be drank.
Mr. R. POTTER believed that every Grand Juror
throughout the country was prepared to come forward to
declare, that the beer shop were the must complete nui-
ances that could possibly he thought of.
Mr. NICOLLS hail a petition to present from persons
whose opinions were the very reverse of thos- offered by
the parties who had signed that presented by the [lon.
Member for Bath. It was from a neighbouring parish,
and deprecated in strong terms the evils introduced by the
present her laws. The Hon. Member for Bath had
stated, that the signatures were only verified in his petition
by marks ; and he (Mr. Nicholls) would ask how these
marks could he authenticated ?

Mr. ROEBUCK said something which was inaudible,
and the petition was then ordered to lie on the tible.

Mr. WILSON PATTEN presented a petition from
Burnley in Lancashire, signed by the magistracy, clergy,
dissenting ministers, and most of the respectable inhabi-
tants of that place, against the present beer laws. The
petitioners prayed that the liw might be amended by pre-
venting the drinking of beer in the beer shops.—(Hear,
hear.) The Hon. Member then presented petitions from
Walton-in-the-Dale, and another parish in Lancashire.
An HoN. MEMBER. gave it as his opinion, that the
conduct of the proprietors of beer-shops, in opening their
houses on the Sunday, mainly c ntributed to the similar
conduct of the licensed victuallers.

Al. D. W. HARVEY considered that the best remedy
for the present system, would be never to grant licences
to the pot- house, unless they agreed to brew the beer on
the premises ; or rather, to make such a reduction in the
duty on ma't, as would induce the poor man to become
his own hrew.-r.

Mr. PETRE recommended a reduction of the duty on
malt.

Nit.. W. PATTEN presented a petition from a parish
in the county of Lancaster in favour of the better oh-
hervance of the S bhath.

Mr. BROTHERTON pr sented a petition from the
merchants. manufacturers, traders, and others c-.nnected
with Siltord, in the county of L ncistt-r, praying for the
transfer of the assizes from Lancaster to Liv.rpool. Tt,e
Her. Member supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. PENLEAZE presented four petitions from certain
Wesleyan Methodists in the county of Hants for the aboli-
tion of Slavery.

Mr. DIVET presented a petition from East Rudely to
the ram•• effect

Mr. CHILDERS presented a petition from tlAe county
of Cambridge in lav,.ur of a reduction in the duty on malt.
Captain YORK supported the prayer of the petition,
and expressed his hope that the Chancellor of the Exche-
goer would m ,ke s.oine concession on this subject to the
agricultural interest.

Mr F. PAGE 1' presented a petition from a parish in
the county of Anglesea, in favour of the abolition of
al avery
Colonel GRANT presented two petitions from E!gin,
igaiost the duties on milt; and mid assessments. Also
a petition from Nairn, complaining of the system of church
patronaue in Scotland.

Mr. WAUGH presented a petition from the Methodivs
of Ha-tin. s, in favour of the abolition of slavery._

Sim lar peti,ions were presented by Mr. WEYLAND
and Mr. W. PETRE, from 3 place in the county of Oxh,rd,
awl from the \l,•thudists of B o min.

Lord EASTNOR presented a petition for the repeal of
the hop and malt duties, from Mr. Wm. Clarence of Rye-
ga,e, in Surrey.
Mr. Toole brought up the report of the select com-
mittee on standing orders, to the effect that the standing
orders ought not to he dispensed with in the case of the
Mititll.-ez silisions petition.
Mr. TOOKE presented a petition from Truro, f, r the
removal of the Cornish assize• from Launceston to Truro.
Also a petition from Lyme Regis, in favour of the aholi-
ti,in of :-lavery.
Mr. LOcK presented petitions for the abolition of sla-
very, from the Dissenters of Wielturl and Stoke, Bolton,
Wootton Basset, Beckington, iu Somersetshire, and other
places.
-

- Mr. HARDY presented simil tr petitions front the
tit thodis sof Norton, anal another phice in York hire.
Mr. HALFORD JERNINGHANI presented similar
petitions from Pontefract, and from eastleford, in York-
shire.

Mr. NICHOLL presented a Airnilar petition from Cam-
hridge, also petitions from Aberdare and Glamorganabire
against the beer shops.
Mr. WYNDHAI'd presented a petition against the
Irish Church R.,form Bill from the Archdeacon and
Clergy of the Archdewonry Sarum.
Mr. WASON presented a petition praying for the
abolition of slavery, from Laster, in Suffolk, and a meet-
flg.house in Ipswich.

Mr. PEASE presented many similar petitions from
different nari.lie4 in Durham and Yorkshire.

111r.BRISCOE presented sitnilir petitions from Tooting.
The Hon. GENTLEMAN said he had been requested to
exhibit to the Huu•e a specimen of a West Indian hoe, to
show the House that the agricultural labourer of England
could not be compared with negroes.—(The Hon. Gen-
tleman here exhibited a West Indian and Enclish hoe.) The
first weighed 41b. 15 ounces; the second eleven ounces and
a half.

Mr. WASON bore testimony to the West Indian hoe
being a Itir specimen of that commonly used by the slaves.
Mr. DOBBIN presented a petition from Bridport
against the exicence of beer shops.

CORPORATIONS.
Mr. DOBBIN presented a petition from Armagh re-
ferring to the C“rporation.—Referred to the Committee.
Lord SANDON presented a petition from Liverpool,
praying that the 8,11 in progress for a neighbouring ferry
might pass. He then presented petitions from Liverpool
and other places, signed chiefly by Methodists in favour
of the better observance of the Sibl.ath.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. GORE LANGTON presented petitions from tbe
Wesleyan Methodists of Coltwart, and other places in the
county of Suffolk, in favour of the abolition of slavery.
And from several places in Somerset to the same effect.

Mr. G. ROMIILY presented petitions from Ludlow,
for a reduction of taxation, and from the same place, ft"
the repeal of the Septennial Act, and in favour of the vlt.
by ballot. He also presented a petition from Ludlow
r,ferring to the corporation of th tt town.—Referred
the Committee of Corporations.
Mr. TOOKE presented a petition from Richard Smith,
Greenwich, against the London and Greenwich Railw
Bill, and praying to he heard by his counsel or agent
against such parts of the Bill as aff-cted his interests.
The SPEAKER then ret;r-d at 3 n'etnek.
