'TO JOSEPH STURGE, ESQ.

MY RESPECTED FRIEND—I know you too well to
think it necessary to ask your permission to address
you thus publicly on a subject of the deepest interest to
the cause of humanity. To come to the matter at once,
I here insert a notice of two motions which I intend to
bring before the House of Commons at the earliest pe-
riod of the ensuing Session :
" 1. That it is the opinion of this House, that her
Majesty's Ministers ought not to advise her Majesty to
recognise the independence, as a State, of the persons
located on part of the territories of the Republic of
Mexico, with which Republic we are in alliance, and who
have called themselves the State of Texas, unless with
the assent of the said Republic of Mexico ; and also unless
such alleged State of Texas shall make the abolition of
negro slavery a fundamental law, and also consent that
the Slave-trade shall be deemed and treated as piracy."
"2. That an Address be presented to he Majesty,
humbly praying that she may be pleased to give direc-
tions to her Ministers to endeavour to make such an
arrangement with the Government of Mexico as would
place at their disposal such a portion of the unoccupied
territory of that Republic, on or near its northern boun-
dary, as should be sufficient for the purpose of establish.
ing an asylum or free State of persons of colonr, her
Majesty's subjects, whe may be desirous to emigrate to
and establish such free State."

In order to succeed, it will be necessary that I should
obtain as much of the support of the opponents of negro
slavery as possible. The public attention must be
roused upon these subjects ; for it is clear that we shall
have thrown away in pure waste much labour, great
exertions, and twenty millions of the public money, un-
less adequate measures are taken by this country to
prevent the formation of the new slavery States ; and,
at the same time, to prevent the incalculable qu entity
of human misery, and the terrific slaughter of human
beings, which must ensue from our permitting any other
slavery State to raiseits head upon the earth.
Look to 'Texas. The gang of land pirates who have
settled themselves on the Mexican territory actually
m;lke negro slavery the basis of their association, and
propose to take away from their intended Legislature
the power of abolishing domestic slavery. This is in
itself sufficiently horrible ; but it is infinitely more atro-
cious in its necessary consequences. For if we permit
.
the Texians to succeed their odious scheme, there is
room for forming--and in the United States there is
abundant disposition to form three or four more slave
states in the unoccupied lands between the peopled part
of Mexico, and the line of territory which the United
States claim for themselves.

Reflect, my esteemed friend,—do reflect, in the pre-
sence of the God of humanity—upon the horrors, the
crimes, the atrocities, which must be perpetrated by the
creation of these new slave-holding States. Reflect on
the quantity of sin and guilt of every kind that must be
perpetrated upon the one hand by the slave-breeders of
Virginia, and the other slave-breeding States of the
North American Udion ; and, upon the other band,
only think of the indescribable scenes of cruelty that
must be perpetrated in Africa, and in the carrying
home of new slaves for the purposes of the Texians,
and the other white monsters of these intended new
slavery States !

Of what avail is the generous and noble humanity of
the British people ? It is in vain, and worse than in
vain, that so many years of toil, of literary exertion, of
dauntlegs opposition to interested tyranny, and of per-
severing maintenance of the cause of humanity—it is, I
say, in vain, and worse than in vain, that all these
efforts have been made to rescue human nature
from the blood-guiltiness of negro slavery. All
these exertions, and our twenty millions, are
thrown away to the idle winds! Fowell Bux-
ton, the first and greatest of living opponents
to slavery, has demonstrated that the slave trade has

augmen;ed enormously in amount, and still more fright-
fully in the cruelty and slaughter it produces ; and that
this augmentation has taken place in consequence of the
emancipation of the slaves in the British colonies. This
is the result of all our pains and all our money! We
gave twenty millions as the purchase-money of huma-
nity, and the result is—a greater accumulation of still
more atrocious cruelty.
My esteemed friend, if we stop where we are, Great
Britain will be the laughing-stock of the world. Twenty
millions, to purchase liberty and humanity, is a cheap
bargain ; but twenty millions of sterling money, to
purchase cruelty, barbarity, and human blood, is the
worst speculation that ever was made since the sun first
shone upon the earth !
Be up, then, and stirring. Call together the friends of
humanity. Assemble the apostles of benevolence Let
the English people doom to impeachment any Minister
that shall dare to recognise Texas, or any other slave-
holding State.
Such a Ministry would actually be participators in all
the guilt of the perpetrators of the increased slave
trade, both internal and foreign.
But let us not confine our efforts to mere threaten-
ings, or to the expression of sentiments, however deci-
ded or animated. Let us counteract the machinations
of the enemies of humanity.
MY plan is this—to follow the example set by the
Australian and New Zealand Societies, get together a
number of the friends of humanity who will come for-
ward and subscribe a sufficient capital, to form, upon
the New Zealand plan, a society sufficiently extensive
to constitute a new colony or state, either subject di-
rectly to the British Crown, or, at all events, under the
protection of the British flag ; so as to obtain a rallying
point for all free persons of colour who may choose to
give their labour for such wages as may enable them to
become purchasers of the soil.
For the present, I need not enter into details ; the
plan of the South Australian and New Zealand Socie-
ties will enable you and the other friends of humanity,
to work out my system into practical effect. With
this view, a communication should be had, as speedily
as possible, with the Mexican Government. It is so cn-
tirely the interest of the Mexicans to form a colony of
free persons of colour between them and the North
Americans, that I should presume that they will very
readily enter into our plan. This colony should be, as
much as possible, interposed between the Texians and
the sea. It would be a place of refuge for the free
men of colour of the United StatcF,. who are'n;)tur :Hy
I enough disgusted
,_with the paltry injustice of

being called " free," while they are deprived
of all the practical rights of freemen. In short,
I think it will strike your mind, as it does mine, that
thousands upon thousands of advantages would be de-
rived from the existence of such a colony as I contem-
plate. But no time should be lost in laying the foun-
dation of a society to form that colony. If requisite, an in-
telligent agent should be sent at once to Mexico. I have
formed a very high opinion of Santa Anna, and I think
he would at once see the great advantages to the Mex-
ican Republic of having an establishment of free men of
colour, intervening, as it were, between Mexico and the
United States. At all events, even should Santa Anna
not be in power, it is impossible that any Government in
Mexico should be blind to the multitudinous advantages
which a wise colonization of free men of colour would
necessarily confer upon the Mexican States.
Allow me, then, my excellent friend, to conjure you
to reflect deeply upon the suggestions that I thus make.
Should you see the subject in the same point of view
that I do, I know you will at once begin to act. You
have already been a benefactor to the human race ; and
if you succeed in preventing new slavery States, and,
above all, if you succeed in establishing, in a genial cli-
mate, a colony or state where free men of colour will be
on a perfect equality with the white people, you will
have formed a basis on which can be constructed the
entire emancipation, all over the world, of the hitherto
neglected and oppressed black population.
I have the honour to be, very faithfully,
Your sincere friend,
DANIEL O'CONNELL.
16, Pall Mall, August 26, 1839.

CONSERVATIVE MEETING AT
THE SUN HOTEL, CAMBRIDGE.

Last evening the electors in the Conservative interest
assembled at the Sun Hotel, to hear Mr. Manners Sut-
ton explain his views of the present position of affairs.
At 7 o'clock the Hon. Gentleman, amidst cheering, en-
tered the room, accompanied by his friends, and, for the
season of the year, an unusual number of :undergra-
duates.

After a 'short interval,
Mr. F. D. BARKER proposed that Mr. PEMBERTON
(who is Clerk of the Peace for the county) should take
the chair, which after some hesitation that gentleman
agreed to do. He (Mr. Pemberton) begged to express his
warmest thanks to the Hon. Gentleman in coming
forward to defeat what he must consider the unhand-
some conduct of their opponents ; for he must say that
steps had not been fully and fairly taken on the other
side in introducing a candidate to the town. After
expressing his disappointment that the opposite party,
having returned two Whig Members for several years,
should not allow them a share in the representation,
he begged to introduce to them a Conservative
candidate.

Mr. M. SUTTON then addressed the meeting at some
length—complained of the wickedness of certain parties
in the borough, who wished to monopolise the repre-
sentation, and not allow the Conservatives even the
slightest share—and then proceeded to explain his views
of three great agitated questions, the Corn-laws, the
Ballot, and National Education. And what that ex-
planation was, our readers may guess with sufficient ac-
curacy. It would be needless. therefore, to inflict
upon them his speech. Among other things, he stated
that he had responded to the call of 300 voters, and
that 800 votes had been promised to his opponent—a
considerable difference.
