Eike - ,Ituo
j/. \Y •'4 4.

LONDON,
ATLRDAY MENIING, JANUARY 26, 1828.

Mr. ARB UTHNOT positively returns to the
Woods and Forests, in the room of the Right
Honourable ST URGES Bo ult NE, resigned.
Sir JAMES SCA R LETT has resigned the
Attorney-Generalship, to which Sir C. WE-
TH ERALL will probably succeed.
Mr. SUGDEN, it is rumoured, will start as a
Candidate for the Representation of Weymouth,
in the room of the Right Hon. THOMAS, now
Lord WALLACE, of Knaresdaie.
It is said that Sir JAMES 4ACDONALD and
Sir JAMES MACINTOSH retire from the Board
of Control.

It is stated that Lord STOWELL will retire
from the Admiralty Court, and be succeeded by
Sir CHRISTOPHER ROBINSON.

Mr..FRA.ISKLAND LEWIS iS to be Vice-Pre
sident of the Board of Trade.

Air. W.M. LAMB is to reutain Secretary fur

Ireland.

The Gazdtc of last night contains the folluw
ing appentments

His Grace ARTHUR Duke of WELLING-
TON, Right Hon. HENRY GOULBURN, Lord
G. C. H. SoMERSET, Earl of MO,UNT
CHARLES, Lord ELIOT, E. A. NPNAGIITEN,
Esq.—To be Lords Commissioners of the Trea-
rury.

Right Hon. HENRY GOULBURN, to be
Chancellor of his MAJESTY'S Exchequer.

Right Hon. Sir JOHN BECKETT, Bart. to be
Advocate- General.

Right Hon. J. C. HERRIES, to be Master
of his Majesty's Mint.
The Right Hon. the Earl of ABERDEEN, to
be the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.

The Gazette also announces the elevation of
the Right Hon. THOMAS WALLACE to the
Peerage, by the style and title of Baron
WALLACE, of Knaresdale, in the County of
Northumberland, as stated in our Paper of yes-
tcrday.

The Morning Papers of Wednesday, and the
Gazette de France dated Thursday, have been
received. The Commission for investigating
the insidious conduct of the Jesuits (although
their name is never mentioned) is the general
theme of discussion in the Newspapers and
among the Public. No subject can be more
important to their interests both present and
prospective.

According to accounts from Bucharest, dated
the 4th inst., a numerous meeting of the chief
men at Constantinople took place at the
MUFTI'S. The REIs EFFENDI is said to have
made a frank disclosure of the actual rela-
tions of the PORTE with the three Powers,
concluding his speech by exhorting the assembly
to give as frank an opinion, and to vote accord-
ing to their conscience. The situation of the
PorrrE, being truly stated, was not flattering,
and the majority 'of the Assembly agreed with
the REIS EFFENDI in the different 'means of
conciliation Which he proposed. This is sen-
sible. The tone of the PORTE is sinking to
its proper level, and when it condescends to be
reasonable in its demands it will be met in a
corresponding temper. A good understanding
ensues, and peace mill follow. Thus Greece
is free—and the integrity of the Turkish Empire
guaranteed.

The Austrian Observer of the 14th instant,
received this morning, contains some account of
the situation of affairs at Smyrna, up to the
21st December. The English and French Am-
bassadors had resolved on taking down their

national Rags from the Hotels of the Consuls,
so long as the PORTE persevered in its refusal
to the demands of the Allied Powers. The
alarm of the English and FrenCh merchants was
naturally great, but many of them thought it
prudent to rely upon the assurance .of pro-
tection from the Turkish Authorities. The
Ambassadors consigned over the interests of their
respective countrymen to the protection of the
Ambassador for the Netherlands. The Mer-
chants requested that Smyrna might be made a
neutral town, but the Ambassadors could give no
answer, nor if they agreed to that request, would
the rapacity of the P-,RTE,
in the event of war,
respect leutrality of any town within its
grasp :

(FROM A LETTER.)
SMYRNA, DEC. 21.

The Ambassadors of France and England are still at
Vourla. Yesterday the deputies of the French merchants
went to that place. They found Count Guilleminot indis-
posed, who, however, received them. The deputies
thanked him for the assurance which the French Consul
had received some days before from the Ambassador, to the
effect that the interruption of the diplomatic relations,
which, perhaps, may be only short,,,woull not be attended
with any interruption of commercial affa rs, that the con-
sulate would remain open, and the flag not he removed.
To the astonishment of the Deputies, the Count answered
that the moment was so critical that he must retract his
assurance. That he had already written to the Consulate
that in consequence of an arrangement with the English
Ambassador, the French flag would be taken down on the
15th of January, and the Consular office be closed the
same day. That after that day the Consular Agents might
remain as private persons at Smyrna, but that their official
character had ceased, and that the future protection of
French subjects was transferred to the Ambassador of the
Netherlands.

The Deputies made some representations, and begged,
as the English merchants had Mr. Canning in their address
of the 16th inst., to make Smyrna a neutral town. They
were willing to answer for the assent of the Turkish Au-
thorities to such a measure, extolled the moderation and
the wisdom of these authorities, and lastly, requested pro-
tection against piracy. Count Guilleminot rejected the
first proposal, as not in unison with the political interest,
but said, however, that if a change in his resolution com-
municated to the Consulate,, should take place before the
15th January, they should be informed of it through Ad-
miral de Rigny. With respect to piracy, he promised
that immediate attention would be paid to it; political
matters had hitherto not permitted that project to be treat-
ed with the seriousness that it merited. The above-men-
tioned resolution of Count Guilleminot was communicated
to the French Consulate on the 19th inst., its contents
correspond with the above stated remarks of his Excellency.
Mr. Stratford Canning, on his side, addressed a resolu-
tion to the English Consulate, in the form of a memoran-
dum, which we will communicate to-morrow. The 15th
of January is also fixed in it, as the day on which the
English Consulate is to be closed and the flag withdrawn.
Mr. Canning replied by this resolution, to the petition of
the merchants of the 16th.

The English subjects were called together on this ac-
count, yesterday, and Mr. Elliot, one of the secretaries of
the Legation, read the resolutions to them, and added, that
after the 15th of January, any one might adopt such mea-
sures as he deemed most conformable to his interests.—
Notwithstanding these resolutions of the two Ambassadors,
the English and French merchants, confiding in the pro-
mised protection of the Turkish authorities, seemed deter-
mined not to leave Smyrna.
Admiral de Rigny is said to have declared that the de-
mands of the Allied Powers upon the Porte could no lon-
ger be confined within the limits of the Treaty of London;
and that every day's delay on the side of the Porte would
render its situation worse. M. Froding the Russian
Consul, is still here, and does not mean to go away till
he is assured of the departure of M. Ribeaupierre from
Constantinople. He will then embark on board' the Con-
stantine frigate, which will go to join the squadron of
Admiral Von Lleyden. •

Hamburgh Papers of the 19th, and Dutch of
the 23d inst. have been received, this afternoon,
from which we make the following extracts :

STOCKHOLM, JAN. 4.

It is positively affirmed that our new commercial treaty
with Russia was signed at St. Petersburgh at the end of
last year. The late treaty expired a year ago. In the
course of last year the exportation of iron from Stock-
holm was 11,716 ship pounds more than in 1826.

COPENHAGEN, JAN. 12.
When the spring sets in the mails are to be conveyed
across the Great Belt by a steam-boat, which has been
purchased in England ; and for the more speedy convey-
ance of the mails by land, the General Post-office has de-
sired the proprietors of the carriages employed in this ser-
vice to purchase Vienna waggons (which are very light),
and has offered to advance money for the purchase. At
the close of last year the stock of sugar in our warehouses
amounted to 4,832,0001b5.

DRESDEN, JAN. 11.
It has been reported that a Prussian army of 30,000
men will be stationed on the frontiers of Silesia, but it
does not meet with much credit.

WARSAW, JAN. 5.

The cold has again become very severe, and the Vistula
is frozen over for the second time. A great deal of snow
has fallen in some parts of the province of Sandomir ;
bodies of several persons frozen to death have been found,
especially about the Kahlinberg.

BERLIN, JAN. 6.

Yesterday morning the cold was very severe, the ther-
mometer being at 13 degrees of Reaumur below zero. The
day before a very deep snow had fallen.
BRUSSELS, JAN. 19.

We learn from Graave that the Meuse had been rising
fur some days in such a manner that an inundation was
feared, and it was thought necessary to put the inhabitants
of the country on their guard by firing a gun, the usual
signal in these cases.

JAN. 10.

Yesterday evening a Russian Cabinet messenger passed
through this city, coining front London, with despatches
for St. Petersburgb.

" We are authi;rised," says the Gazette de Pays Bus,
"to contradict the contents of an article in the Courier de
Pays Bas of the 15th inst. relative to pretended changes
said to have been made in the Philosophical College at
Louvain."

A British Cabinet Messenger from Vienna, with de-
spatches for London, has passed through here this evening.
The waters of the Meuse, the Rhine, the Waal, and the
Lek, continue to rise ; however, we learn from Cologne
that the Rhine was falling there.

The despatch of Mr. HUSKISSON to the Go-
vernor of Jamaica, in which he states the rea-
sons of his Majesty's Government for disallow-
ing the Act passed by the House of Assembly
‘, to alter and amend the Slave Laws " in that
Island, will be read with great interest, affording,
as it does, so striking a picture of the condition
of society in these Colonies, where the popula-
tion consists chiefly of Slaves. The very exist-
ence of slavery implies the necessity of peculiar
restraints. No man would be a Slave if he
Could help it. Violence is the source of slavery,
and by violence it must be supported—this radi-
cal injustice must prevail in the structure of
every community in which there are Slaves; we
cannot suddenly remove it, but we may endea-
r
your by wise and efficient laws to palliate what
we cannot altogether help. Now this is precisely
the object of his Majesty's Ministers. They
are anxious to reform the severity of the Slave
Code, and though it appears that the West
India Proprietors so far assent to this policy, vet
they are so fearful for their authority that they
cannot be brought to concur in that one efficient
and practical measure for the improvement of

their Slaves. Mr. MISKISSON objects para-
.
cularly to the restraints which they would impose
on the religious duties of the Slaves ; the Act
which is disallowed permits no Slave to assume
the office of religious teacher ; it permits no reli-
gious meetings, even on Sunday, between sun-
set and sun-rise ; and it is not sufficiently pre-
cise or positive in prohibiting the Slaves from
working on Sundays. It may be remarked in
general of the Act, that while it is sufficiently
strict in guarding from all violation every right
and privilege of the proprietor, it is not by any
means so solicitous for the welfare and comfort
of the Slave, affording him in many cases but
doubtful protection even for his person or for his
life. Thus the power of the Master to punish
his Slave by lashing him, a source of such mani-
fest abuse, is scarcely at all abridged ; and there
is no restriction whatever as to other modes
of punishment. The Master may inflict upon
the Slave 39 lashes, no witnesses need be pre-
sent ; the Slave has no power of appealing against
this severity. The use of the whip in the field
is not forbidden, and it may still be applied to
women. The power of correction may be de-
legated to a fellow-slave, provided the punish-
ment does not exceed ten lashes. Such is the
spirit which pervades this newly framed code,
which it is obvious leaves the Slave in too un-
protected a state ; and it is on this and
other accounts that the Act has been disal-
lowed. Ministers are intent on softening
the severity of this code. In every view they
are deeply impressed with the policy of humanity
to the Slaves. They plainly see the peril that
arises to the whole frame of West India Society,
from the dangerous materials out of which it is
at present composed. So long as the. Slaves are
held in rigorous bondage, they must hate their
Masters ; they must aspire ardently to freedom ;
and looking to their numbers and their strength,
it is scarcely possible to hinder them from secret
plots and conspiracies. Society is, in fact, com-
posed of two hostile classes, ranged against each
other, under their natural and respective banners
of black and white. The one is at present kept
down by authority. But how can we be always
sure of chaining down the captive giant to the
floor ? May not some of our bolts and bars
in an unhappy moment give way ; or, may
not the prisoner in some" evil hour, and by
some of those strange mischances in human
affairs which sometimes confound all foresight,
break loose, and pull down in his wild fury the
whole structure of society ? Now the object of
Ministers is to avert these dangers ; to remove
gently and cautiously the combustible materials
which are ready to be exploded by the slightest
spark ; to conciliate and soothe the negro bar-
barians; to reconcile them by gentleness to their
condition ; and thus, taking from them the in-
centive to rebel, gradually to temper the jarring
elements of the community into one harmonious
whole. This we consider to be wise policy, and
we hope that the West India Proprietors will se-
cond these enlightened views, under a deep sense
of their common interest with the legislators of
the Mother Country in securing the dominions
and prosperity of these valuable colonies.

AMERICAN ADMINISTRATION. Letters
from Washington state that the Administration there
do not know what to be at : they have no concert
among themselves or their presses, yet there is the
strongest reasons for believing that they are con-
sulting daily upon the subject of the Vice-President
and the Minister to England. The Caucas at Wash-
ington will probably give to Virginia the honour of
tendering her the Vice-Presidency. Mr. WEBSTLR is
expected to be the new Minister to England and he is
anxious for the appointment ; we must not be surprised if
ADAMS be given up, and some one else be run. They
feel themselves beaten, and, like desperate and drowning
men, they are catching at a straw. Rely on it, the battle
is fought and won, and if Mr. ADAMS gets 80 votes, I will
never hazard another opinion.

Letters and papers have been received to-day
from Lima, to the ht of September. The chief incident
they communicate is the arrival of General LA M from
Guayaquil, and his inauguration into the office of chief
President of Peru, to which he had been elected several
months before. It seems to have had the instantaneous
effect of calming the political dissensions which previously
existed, and the first measures of the President proving to
be of a mild and conciliatory character, his Government
was already assuming a respectable and firm appearance.
A general and full amnesty had been published in favour of
the inhabitants of Cusco and the surrounding departments,
who had withheld their adhesion to the Congress, it having
been proved on their part that they had been misled into
such conduct by false representations respecting the new
form the Central Government had assumed. They now
profess their willingness to be obedient members of the
federation. An application had been made to the
Peruvian Congress from the Government of Bolivia, for
permission to embark Colombian troops at Arica, so that
the whole of the Peruvian territory was likely to be
evacuated by its late defenders.

MARQUIS OF DOURO.—The dinner in ho-
nour of the coming of age of the Marquis of DOURO, will
be attended by a numerous and most respectable company;
all parties seem :desirous of showing the high esteem in
which they hold the immortal services of the Illustrious
Duke of WELLINGTON, by laying aside political animosity
en this occasion. The dinner is to be held at the Town
Hall, on Monday the 4th of February, and we hope to see
a large party of country gentlemen on this interesting oc-
casion.—Berkshire Chronicle.

We are informed there were, a few days since,
22 vessels taking in and unloading rough rice for the
London and Liverpool markets, in Ashley river near the
Charleston bridge.

On Friday, a gentleman in Moray-place, had
a party at dinner with him, and scarcely had the company
taken their seats, when a thief or thieves opened the street
door unseen by any
one, and carried away the whole of the
great coats and hats, which were in the lobby.—Edinburgh
Paper.

NOVEL ROBBERY,—There is a set of fellows
in this neighbourhood, who are in the regular practice of
entering the shippons of the farmers, and cutting off all the
long hair on the cows' tails, which they sell for some pur-
pose or other, and realise considerable sums of money. ...-
Stockport Advertiser.

--- -
An announcement has appeared in a London
Literary Journal, of the intended publication of sermons
written by Sir WALTER SCOTT. We have authority for
stating that these religious discourses (two, not three as
mentioned, no doubt, in error), were written about two
years ago, as an act of kindness towards a young friend
engaged in theological studies, and without any intention
whatever of their appearing before the public in print.
Circumstances, however, which are applicable only to the
gentleman for whom the discourses were composed, have
induced the author to consent to their publication at this
time.—Edinburgh Weekly Journal.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JAN. 23.—Wind W.S.W.—Arrived the
Redman, Freebootle, from Sierra Leone. The out-
ward-bound remain.

PORTSMOUTH,JAN. 2.s.—.Wind W.S.W.—Passed
by the Sir W, Wallace, Wilson, from Calcutta and
Ascension, sailed from the former the 16th of Sept.,
PLYMOUTH, JAN. 24.—Wind S.W.—Arrived
from London the Bremen, Rawson, for Bilboa.

FLUSHING, JAN. 19.—The Middleburg, from Ba-
tavia to Middleburg, put in here, 7th instant, and in
proceeding to Campvere Road, touched on the
Bangard Bank, but got off after discharging part of
her cargo—she has put into Veire.

The Rosamond, Storey, of Sunderland, was run
foul of near the Spurn by his Majesty's ship Sapphire
the 21st instant, and being dismasted and much
damaged, was abandoned by the crew.
The Sylvia and the Excellent, from Demerara,
are supposed to be arrived, the former off Wey-
mouth, and the latter off Portsmouth, and the Thigh-
ton, from New York, is supposed to be arrived off
Dover.

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, TWEAVE 0' CLOCI.

The non-arrival of intelligence this morning from
any quarter has occasioned the City to be more than
usually uninteresting ; the operations in the Funds
have been of no importance, but the aspect of the
market appears good, and seems to be supported by
the public opinion in their favour. Consols opened
this morning at. 854 for account, and the same price
for money, since which the trifling business which
has been doing has been at this price, alternately
buyers and sellers, and are now the former. India
Bonds are 91 3, and Exchequer Bills, 60 1 pm.
The Foreign Funds have had little activity to-day;
there appears to be much divided opinion relative
to Mexican Stock ; many well-informed persons still
retain a belief that his Majesty's ship Pylades will
bring money for Government account, and they
strengthen this opinion by the argument that no
Government would risk their reputation by making
application for a vessel of war without the certainty
of having property to send by it to this country ;
the packet, which is hourly expected, will doubtless
set the matter at rest on this point; the 6 per Cent.
Bonds are 44.4 5. Colombian are very heavy at 23;
the old Bonds have been sold at 19. The other
Foreign Securities bear much the same price as yes-
terday. In Shares there are no fresh quotations to
give or any sales of consequence to report.
Three per Cent. Consols, 854 i; Ditto for the Ac-
count, 854 1 ; India Bonds, 91 3 pm. ; Exchequer
Bills, 60 1 pm.
FouziGN.—Brazilian, 601 ; Buenos Ayres, 41 2 ;
Chilian, 22 4 ; Colombian, 23 4 ; Danish, 61 4 ; Greek,
171 I; Mexican, 6 per Cent., 441 5 ; Peruvian, 25 6 ;
Portuguese, 74 2 ; Russian, 93i 4 ; Spanish, 10 %.
MlNEs.—Anglo Mexican, 57A 5 die. ; Brazilian, 69
71 pm. ; Colombian, 24 5 per Share; United Mexican,
21i 204 die. ; General Mining Association, 9 per Share.

Two O'CLOCK.

Consols have been 84, buyers, are now sellers;
the market continues to look up, although there has
been no accession of business since the morning.

THREE O'CLOCK

Consols for Account, 84 6.
FOUR O'CLOCK.—CLOSING PRICES.
Consols 85i Danish
Do. for Ac. 85i Greek, 1825
Brazilian Bonds Mexican, 1825 45
Buenoi Ayres 'Peruvian

Chilian DO. - I Russian 94
Columbian, 1824 24 Spanish, 1821 10i

THE NEW MINISTRY.

(From the Dublin Evening Post.)

With regard to the politics of the individuals on
the Catholic Question, there is nearly as great a dif-
ference as in the last Cabinet, only that the parties
arc more nearly balanced. They stand thus :

FOR THE CATHOLIC QUESTION.
Earl Dudley Earl of Aberdeen
Lord Melville Lord Palmerston
Lord Ellenborough Mr. Huskisson.
Mr. Grant
AGAINST THE CATHOLIC QUESTION.
Duke of Wellington Lord Chancellor
Earl Bathurst Mr. Peel
Mr. Goulburn Mr. Herries.
It will be perceived that the majority is in favour
of the Catholic Question; so that those persons
who pretended that a purely Orange Administration
could be made in England, with any prospect of
encountering Parliament, are totally mistaken. Even
the Duke of Wellington has failed in this. The
complaint of the Ultra Tories, therefore, against the
late Cabinet, applies to the present ; and we are
not altogether unprepared for an attack on their
Catholicism. The complaint of the Catholics of
Ireland against them—and as we rather think of the
English people—will be very different.

IMPORTANT.—We are enabled to state, on
undoubted authority, that there will be no Dissolution of
Parliament,--:-and that the Duke of WELLINGTON will not
hold the High Offices of Premier and Commander-in-
Chief: his Grace certainly vacates the latter.--Berkshire
Chronicle.
The Committee of the Crown Club have de-
termined to increase the number of original Members from
three hundred to five hundred, and to admit Members of
the Universities.
IRON TRADE.—The iron trade continues
very languid. A small reduction has taken place in cer-
tain descriptions of iron ; the price is now so low that it
can with difficulty be made so as to realise any profit to
the manufacturer. No further reduction in price is possi-
ble, unless the wages of the workmen are greatly reduced.—
Carmarthen Journal.
The weather was so open and fine on Sunday
last, that a sky lark mounted the air in a field at Summer-
sail, near Chesterfield, with as much vigour and sung, as
if in April. A bat was also seen by many people flying
about, last Sunday, in the West-bars, Chesterfield.—Not-
tingham Review.
the in
hole,ba and
and
loose materials,
the recent inspections, by means of the diving-bell, havegs,
THAMES TUNNEL THIS DAY.)--During
the whole of the week the operation of filling up the aper-
ture in the bed of the river was proceeded with vigorously.
As yet, however, the influx of water into the tunnel has
not been stopped,
200 tons of oifnt clay,
olaye
proved that the means adopted to remedy the evil will
shortly wholly prevent any further flow of water into the
works. The steam-engine, which has been preparing for
the last week, was set going this morning. The object in
view in draining off some of the water in the shaft before
the hole is quite stopped, is, it is said, to consolidate the
clay, &c. thrown into the hole, as, by taking away a small
portion of the water in the works, the vertical pressure on
the clay hags is rendered doubly great. The action pro-
duced in the water by the working of the steam-engine will
probably bring up some of the bodies of the unfortunate in-
dividuals who lost their lives this day fortnight, none of
which have as yet been seen. Mr. BRUNEL continues to ex-
press his conviction that the tunnel can be completed, if
adequate means are found to carry on the works. The
shield, as far as can be ascertained by soundings, is unin-
jured. A report, detailing all the particulars, is in course
of preparation, and will he submitted to the proprietors
next week. Mr. BRUNEL, junior, has not yet recovered
from the effects of the injury be received when the water
burst in, and has proceeded to the country for a day or
two to recruit his health. His strict and unwearied at-
tention for the fortnight previous to the accident, had
tended much to relax. him. Mr. BRUNEL, sen. devotes
nearly the whole of his attention to the operations at present
going on.
