FASHIONABLE AND MISCELLANEOUS

The Duke of Clarence came to town on Fri-
day evening, and visited the KING for about an hour. His
Royal Highness afterwards returned to his residence in
Bushy Park.
On Friday evening the Marquis of London-
derry visited his Majesty.
Mr. Canning, after transacting business on
Saturday morning with the Earl of Harrowby and Viscount
Granville, went shortly afterwards to attend the King.
On Saturday the Archbishop of Canterbury
and the Bishop of London had audiences of his Majesty.
Yesterday Mr. Canning, the Marquis of An-
glesea, and the Master of the Rolls, had audiences of his
Majesty.
Yesterday, being Easter Sunday, divine ser-
vice was performed at the Chapel Royal, before the Prin-
cess Augusta and a numerous assemblage of nobility. The
~!rmon was preached by the sub-Almoner, who took his
text from the 11th chapter and 26th verse of the Epistle to
..se Hebrews. The communion service was performed by
the Bishop of London, as Dean of the chapel, assisted by
the sub-Dean. The morning service was read by the Rev.
Messrs. Knap and Cannon. The anthem was, " I know
that my Redeemer liveth." The solo part was sung by Master
Nicholls, and the verse parts by Messrs. Evans, Heather,
Nield, Hawes, Roberts, and Clark. It was followed by the
quartetto, " Since by man came death:" The whole con-
cluded with the Hallelujah chorus. 'Sir G. Smart presided
at the organ.
Yesterday divine service was performed before
the Duchess of Kent, the Princosa Victoria, and the Prin-
cess Feodore at the private chapel in the King's Palace,
Kensington, by Archdeacon Pott, assisted by the Rev. Mr.
Davis. After the service the Archdeacon administered the
sacrament to the Royal Duchess, the Princess Feodore, &c.
On Saturday morning, it was officially an-
'nounced at the Commander-in-Chief's Office, and also at
the Ordnance Office, that his Grace the Duke of Welling-
ton had resigned both of those departments. At four
o'clock in the afternoon, his Grace attended at the Com-
inander-in-Chiers Office, and transacted business .with Sir
Herbert Taylor for about an hour and a half. It is under-
stood his Grace will fill the duties of the office till his suc- ,
cassor is appointed.
Earl Bathurst visited the ColOnial Office on
Saturday afternoon-, and selected a number of papers, &c.,
Ishicls were to. his Lordship's residence In Great Stan-
hope-street. The Noble Earl was visited 'while at the
office by the Right Hon. Frederick Robinson, who bad an
interview with his Lordship for about half-an-hour. After
remaining for about En hour, Earl Bathurst left the office.
Mr. Wilmot Horton, Under Secretary of State for Colonial
Affairs, had an interview afterwards with Mr. Robinson.
Viscount Granville, Mr. Huskisson, Sir
Charles Stuart, and Viscount Palmerston visited Mr. Can-
ning at his residence in Downing-street, on Saturday.
Mr. Wilmot Horton transacted business on
Saturday with Viscount Palmerston, at the office of the
Secretary at War, in the Horse Guards.
Viscount Granville had au interview on Satur-
day with Mr. `Wilmot Horton.
Viscount Granville, Mr. Huskisson, Mr.
Plunkett, and Lord Morley visited Mr. Canning yesterday.
Lord Seaford has had frequent interviews with Mr. Canning
lately.

The Marquis de Palmella, the Portuguese
Minister, transacted business on Saturday at the office of
the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.
The Russian Ambassador visited Mr. Can-
ning on Saturday.
Mr. Wynn visited Mr. Huskisson yesterday.
The Marquis ,e Palmella also _visited. Mr.
Canning yesterday, as did M. Feick, the Ambassador from
the Netherlands; Count Ludolf, the Sicilian Minister; the
Spanish, Bavarian, and Sardinian Ministers.
It is said that all the principal places in the
Cabinet are filled, except the Chancellorship, the contest
for which is between the Master of the Rolls and Mr. Scar-
lett. Many think the latter will come off victor, although
a sort of reconciliation has taken place between Mr. Can-
ning and Sir John Copley.—Morning Paper.
" It never rains but it pours," says a homely
proverb. The Ex-Lord Chancellor was last week struck
off the Rolls of the Athenceum for non-payment of the
arrears of his subscription money ; verily, " A perilous
omen !" unless we are to suppose his Lordship, with in-
stinctive prescience, had already begun to contract his ex-
pences to provide against the "rainy day."
Mr. Peel's brothers were, on Saturday, active
about Whitehall, and in calling-at their brother's residence
in Privy Gardens.—Morning Paper.
From the specimens afforded in the last num-
ber of the Quarterly Review of the unpublished writings
of the late Bishop Heber, a very general wish has been ex-
pressed that those who possess them will allow them to he
given to the world.
It is likely to be again a great " lady-bird "
year, for many are now to be seen amongst the *leaves of
young flowers ; and during the last week many ‘f gold but-
terflies " have skimmed with all the gaiety of midsummer in
the gardens of the suburbs of the metropolis.
A Dr. Boston, of Newcastle, is now actually
in London for the purpose of obtaining a patent for clear-
ing the metropolis of Smoke ; he proposes that the order of
things shall be reversed, and that our chimnies shall descend
into huge subterraneous fluess,.•thrnugh which the dense
clouds which now envelope the town are to be conveyed
into 'the country, and then discharged—what an enviable
retreat that village will afford, the neighbourhood of which,
is to he selected for this agreeable visitation.—John Bull.
Madame Sontag and Madame Pasta are, we
understand, both engaged by Mr. Ebers to sing at the
Italian Opera House during the present season. In conse-
quence of previous engagements, we fear Madame Pasta
cannot arrive in England before the end of May.
GRAND TOURNAMENT.—A letter from
Corfu, of the 14th March, says, that the principal inhabitants
of that island had celebrated the return of Sir F. and Lady
Adams, to the lonian Islands, by a Tournament. All the
horsemen were dressed in the costume of the Knights of
ancient times, their horses ' caparisoned in a suitable man-
ner. According to the customs of chivalry, each Knight
wore the colours of a Lady ; the victor wore the
colours of Lady Adams. A great number of per-
sons from all the Islands came to be present at this en-
tertainment, in which every thing was perfectly well
managed.

PLEASANT NAMES FOR A NOVEL !—An
American paper of the 18th ult., says—"A Treaty with
the Chippeway Indians has recently been ratified by the
President and Senate, and published. The names of about
80 Indians are subjoined to the Treaty, of which the fol-
lowing are specimens:—

Madwagkunageezhigwaab Oshauguscodaywagqua
Peekwankwotoansekay Obnyshatmoquotoqua
Oguhbayannuliquotwaybee."

A PENITENT.—At the last Salisbury Assizes,
sentence of death was passed on Raymond Read, for horse-
stealing; and from that moment, up to the time of his
reprieve, no one could be more devout, or apparently pe-
nitent ; but immediately on hearing the news that mercy
had been obtained for him, he returned the Bible and
Prayer Book which had been lent him, saying, " that he
had now no further occasion for them."--fionts Chron.
BTJONAPARTE'S SMALL-CLOTHES.--One
day, Alexander. expressed his ardent desire to have a pair
of Napoleon's breeches. Duroc, the Grand Marshal of the
Palace, sounded his master on the subject. Napoleon" Oh, by all means,"
laughed heartily.
said he, " give
him them all if he wishes it, only leave me a pair for a
change." This may be vouched for as authentic ; but it
is not equally certain, though strongly affirmed by many,
that Alexander, who was very superstitious, made the cam-
paigns of 1812 and 1813 in Buonaparte's breeches.—
[Anecdotes not in the firthcoming History.]—Literary
Gazette.

Dr. Pitcairn " was a great enemy to quackery
and quacks, of whom he used to say that there were not
such liars in the world except their patients. A relation
of his, one day, asking his opinion of a certain work on
Fevers, he observed, Ido not like Fever curers; we may
guide a Fever—we cannot cure it. What would you think
of a pilot who attempted to quell a storm ? Either position
is equally absurd. We must steer the ship as well as we
can in a storm, and in fever tt•e can only employ patience
and judicious measures, to meet the difficulties of the case.'"
—Nugce Chirurgietr.
Dr. Radcliffe " told Dr. Mead one day,
`Mead, I love you ; and now I will tell you a sure secret to
make your fortune—use all mankind ill.' He was avari-
cious, and would never pay his bills without ranch impor-
tunity. A pavior, after long and fruitless attempts, caught
him just getting out of his chariot, at his own door in
Bloomsbury-square, and set upon him.--.' Why, you rascal,'
said the doctor, do you pretend to be paid for such a piece
of work? Why you have spoiled my pavement, and then
coveted it over with earth to hide your bad work.' Doc-
tor,' said the pavior, mine is not the only bad work the
earth hides.' ' You dog, you,' said the doctor, are you
a wit ? you must be poor—come in and be paid. ' ".„....Arugte
Chirurgicce.

INTEL T.IGENCI-(THIS DAY).

FROM LLOYD'S.
Nut., Avzn. I4.—Wind 8.....-Arrived the Sir A.
Mackenzie, Robinson, from Zatte ; Margaret Booth, John •
son, from Trieste; Carvirons, Todd, (torn Berbiet. Ar-
rived from London the Herald, Thompson, for, Berbice ;
Betsey and Sarah, Bloom, for Gibraltar ; Ada, Friend,
for Demerara; Resolution, Ward, for Habfaz ; and Bri-
tannia, Tyne, for Quebec.

APRIL. 15.—Wind S.—Arrived from Linuh;tl,- the
Abeona, Fairburn, from Honduras; Ward, Hare,:fr(nn St.
John's; and Broxhornebery, Fenson; from China.
PORTSMOUTH, APRIL 15. —Wina N. W. rtived,
the Princess Royal transport, from Belfast; Caledonia,
Chington, from Cadiz ; his Majesty'. ship Treed.. from
Chatham. Sailed, the Crown Roy, for Quebec; James
Bushman, for Riga; his Majesty's frigate Victorine in
miniature, sailed yesterday, for Virginia Water, for the use
of his Majesty; hip Majesty ship Sybille, for the 'Western
Coast of Africa, went out, of harbour, and will sail in about
seven days.
PLYMOUTH, Aram 13. and ..14. Wild
Arrived the Jane, Benett, from Oporto. Sailed, the Eliza,
Biasel, for NewfoUndland ; Maria, Jacobs, for ,St.
Thomas's; Amethyst, Tkinnson, for Quebec; and Swift,
Brown, for Teneriffe.
FALMOUTM, AntlL 111.--:Wind N.--Arau. 14. N. to
S.—Arrived, the Woodford, Lamborn, from London, for
Jamaica. Sailed, the Hunelons packet, Crope, for Halifax
and Bermuda.

The Providence, Whanoope, bas arrived in the River,
from Bombay.

RESIGNATION OF BOLIVAR.

CARA CCAs, Fee. 21t—The expedition preparing hare
has been suspended, as late information assures us Spain
will not force England into a war. Six thousand men
were in readiness to embark. The battalions of ALISWaI -
tegui, Boyaca, Carabobo, Apure, grenadiers, and three
squadrons of cavalry, were ordered for the service. The
battalions of Jntilia, Verglasi,Gellen,,, i and a squadron of
moue ted grenediere, would lave xeplaced these in the fort-
ress iairounie.' Trhese latter troops have recently arrived
from .Peru; mind the'Privites are Pertiriens. They e ..?
now quartered in- Caraccas, 'and the Valley of Aragua, and
they make excellent soldiers out,of their own country.
" The reforms and xeductioacof expences made by order
of thel Liberator begin to fiheyr the beneficial effects. In.._
dustry'Sgain Sentinel her power ; commerce increases, and
agriculture, so lOnefiegleeted, is now studiously pursued.
One of the greatest evils under which thia country labour-
ed, was the iniquitoni traffie. Amide by foreign merchants
of Government paper money; which they pin-Chatted fee s,
4, and et per cent., and paid into the custona-kouse at its
full nominal value. Such'a system of cruel ecTry was
never heard of; and, whilst the poor unfortunate vie-
tints to this rapacity were forced to sacrifice the hard earn-
ings of their life, passed in so many dangers and difficulties,
tho treasury was exhausted, and taxes.were necessarily mul-
tiplied. A just decree of the Liberator, however, has put
art end to these prosesdings.
"On the 14th of January, Congress wanted only one
Nfember to make up the number required by
,law. As
each Deputy receives six dollars per day, it is hoped they
will do something, to earn a salary, which presses so heavily
on the country. ,
" There has been no living greatness which ever escaped
calumny. The traitors who gave up Lima and Callao to
the common enemy, who have unceasingly conspired against
the life of the Liberator, ae the palladium of South Amp-
rican liberties—who have endeavoured to promote anarchy
'in ,regibni enjoying 'the biesaing of peace, under the pro-
tection of equal rights and laWs,. that they might gratify
,their own resentment, or Make &eh:fortunes by the spoil
and humiliation of their lellow-Cititeas—Lhaftled in their
' machinations by the vigour of the Liberator, and the love
which is borne him by the people, have, we see with re-
gret, and some pain, called to their aid -portions of the press
in Europe, that they may assassinate a reputation which is
the most cherished object of the Liberator's ambition, and
which belongs to the world, horn:tuned bya.and deeply inte-
rested in, the preservation of h*glnry. -.lndependence,won
by his.genius and his iWOrd.7.eonstittitional :systems 'este- - ‘
blished—freehistittitions ereated-4ducatien disseminated—
religious liberty promulgated in the code which hears the
name of its founder--slavery abolished—clisiuterestednesa:
unparalleled—power never abused--were his titles to con-
fidence, and are titles to which future ages will do just ~
homage, by recording him as one of the most illustrious be-
nefactors of mankind. The proclamation which I encloie
affords another proof of the integrity by which this greatest ' "1
of men is governed, in hia,vicera; but it is an Act that all 'l/ii
South Americans will deplore,, and which, at, all eviiti, is -,11
premature, till Spain has recognised South American in-.
... .
dependence.

A -
c's
' •
"H=AD WVAIRTERS, VAILACCAs, FIE. 6, 1827,
" TO Nls NICXLI.JINCY TUE PILISIDINT-Olt TYT KONOCR.

.

A/11. MVila
2 CRA OteMS IIZNATX.,
.
" Moel Exext.tAtue Bps,
" Under no circumstances has' die august authority •of
Congress_ been me teecessary to the Reraiblie as at this '
Period, *hem internal disagreement has ;fielded the minds,
and excited eornroptione throughout. ,the whole nation.
Called by your Excellency to take the oath of office. as Pre. '
sident of the Republic, 'I earns to the capital, wheise] 1
was obliged to set out for this department of aniee:, vene__
,_ 1.. Issued some s
zuela.
important decrees, Which were 'calle4 '.---.n. brurgent ne-
cessity. Your Excellency will haves the goodness to direct
On my way from Bogota to this city,
and beseech it, in my
tnhaemaet,tetonttiaokneotfheCmoningzssitsto tl,7ern,
*serious consideration, if I have
exceeded my powers, let 'me bear Vie blame ; lam willing
to sacrifice even my innocence' in the salvation of my
country. That sac.l:l&e only was wanting, and I glory in not
having shunned. it. When 1 learned in Peru, by an official
notice, my appointment to the Presidency of the Re-
public, which the people had conferred on me, my answer
to the Executiee Government, was a refusal to accept of
the first magistracy of the nation. I have been for four-
teen years Supreme Chief anti President of the-Republic;
I have been ferced by the, perils of the Aimee 'to fill . that
office ; but those perils now no longer exist, .and I'may
retire' to the enjoyment of priVate life. I beg of the. Con.
gress to recollect the situation of Colombia_of America—
of the whole world. Every thing conspiree to flatter us.
—There is not a Spaniard oa. the American Continent.
Domestic peace has reigned in Colombia since the
_com-
lusaimaremeitycoonftatihneedgifitns
meneement of this year. Many powerful -nations
me
inisacelourSgpueainri
re-
cognize our political existence, and some of &in ire our
Allies. A large portion of the American Steil; are con-
iccianosnscaonf
naottyrloannok ioenurslulerpwaittih( 11... •
federated with Colombia, ainpadxGovreaidetnßeeritaialonn
What mighty hopes are ours! Tfohre
twhheichl.ii.ddPernovaibrdeneceolfiastimpriie
disturb my mind, and weaken the confidence of the Colorn-
the .trouk;fes of my
zealous tilbeepsi ;pi
out a secret fear, inasmuch as history has told them that all,
in similar circumstances, have been ambitious. In vain,i
bdiit:nns.. Ae'T hoe
seek to defend myself by the example of Washingble-; ille4,
the powerful. lam grieved between in truth, one or even many exceptions can effect notk;ing
against the experience of a whole world,' ever oPPre';sed by
fellow-citizens, and the sentence which I exprzt from pot-
ttrity. Ido not eeel'tnyself innocent of e:inbitio„, and for
my own sake r vim to snatch myself fr'om the grasp of this
fury ;to free illy fellow-citizens from uneasiness ; and secure
after my deaths remembrance work of liberty. With such
sentiments I renounce for eve'," the Presidentship (»lily mil-
lions de veces). The Congress and the'people may look on
this renunciation 4ts irrevocable. Nothing shall have power
to prevail on me to continue in the public service after
having employed in it the whole of my past life. And .now
that the triumph of liberty has conferred rights so sublime
upon all, shall I alone be deprived of that prerogative ?
No. The Congress; and the Colombian people, are just;
they will not seek to give me up to the ignominy of deser-
tion. But few days now remain to me : I have passed
more than two-thirds of my lib; let me then be permitted
to hope for an obscure death in the silent retirement of my
paternal mansion. My sword and heart will nevertheless
ever be Colombia's, and my last sigh will ascend to Heaven
for her happiness.

_ .
I implore for the Congress, and from the people, the fa.
your of simple e, God pres
itiseonehip.
,
erve your Excellency,
"Most excellent Sir,
SIMON BOLIVAR,"

MEETINGS OE CREDITORS.'

,Igragrat t. ,ir
COUNTRY DIARY. rn
-...___Z.:RODAY• APRIL 19. • 1.-sit
mackinore_, W. lippotti—George, Chard ............ H
-.........`
J.,2embridge---Duke's Head, Leominster,
Bonner,' J., Goltha—Peacock, Boston ' "10 ' 4'''"'''_,.
-_ It
.....Conrt.houte, Huddersfield
Denbign; C., Skipten—/31ack Horse, Skipton. ..t.i 4304
CBoutstho'n; w., AlmondburY
Gwhinell, R. ch.ftenham—Ronal hotel, Cheltenham. ... .
HHalls. S., Stownaarket--King's mead, Stownlarket ......
Hawke, W. Spilsbl-7,George,
_ilsby .. — t ..... . .............
enry, S., Chester—v,nite's, Manchester .. ............... ..., ' ,r ' .':: ESC'
Holroyde A. Triangle--Swan, Huddefs-fitld
. " -1-f;"-a.11
James, Y., Bimige..lll/1....it0ra hq,el, Birtningham ..•
. . ...1••• ' 10 -
James, J., IterthYlr 1141-11--White Lion( Bristol - n +.t.
Maim, W. and J. L., Lincoln—Court-house, Leeds
Maynard, IL, Menhenlott—Weekley's, Devonport
Pearse, J., Bristol—Cooke and Co., Bristol
Robinson, 'T., LiverPool--.l(ork hotel, Liverpool .
Row,
w., sen.L.St. Peter's—rue, Newcastle...
11
Tunnel], G., vvoreastor-...Crown, Worisetei
11

It was the boast of Louis XI. of France, that
he had put the monarchy hors de page—that he
had rendered it independent of the great families
or great-factions of the kingdom, who could dis-
turb it at pleasure, and usurped all the offices
and all the emoluments by turns. It now begins
to appear to us, shall we say, that the King. of
England, or his Minister -IVEr. Canning, enter-
tains the same lofty ambition ? When we ex-
pressed the apprehension that if Mr. Canning
sought to form a Ministry from his own friends
and adherents, he would fail, we were not
aware that the• Duke of Clarence, the Heir Pre-
sumptive to the throne, would rank himself on
his side, accept the office of Lord High Ad-
miral under him, and so restore the administra-
tion of the navy to something like its ancient
form. Yet such is the case. The pro- 1
blem to be solved is this—Shall the Crown
be dependent On either of the factions, shifting from
one to the other, in the hope of some temporary ad-
vantage or visionary power ? Or shall it assume, in
fact, its position in-theory, according to the Consti-
tution ? And shall the nation, instead of being
governed, sometimes by a few Tory families, and
sometimes by a few Whig families, but chiefly the
former, be in reality governed by its own Parliament,
consisting of King, Lords, and Commons? His
Majesty appears to us to have assumed an attitude
in which he must be firm, or the Royal House of
Brunswick drops, in affect, from the throne of Eng-
land, and the Government merges into an open
Oligarchy. Had he never begun the contest, but
shifted peaceably from party to party, his real situa-
tion would not have been know-to the many ; but if,
after having attempted to assert the independence, of
his throne, he-flinches; then th'e :pitiable truth will
be clear to children—that he Cannot reign but by the
import of a faction.--Thnes.

It is useless to inquire what exact proportions
of insolence and maligarmay lava entered into
the motives of the old Tiny Ministers for one
and all resignink. But the people of England
will be alike disgusted at the presumption which
would make their Sovereign the tool of a gang
of place-holders, who had nothing to recommend
them but his ill-requited favour, arid at the bare-
faced profligacy which seeks to obAlict: the
united efforts of his Majesty and his chosen ser-
vant to obtain for the country the indispensable
advantage of some regular and effective Admi-
nistration. Fortunately, with the single excep-
tion of Mr. Peel, there is not an individual of
the ei-Ministers (and in this remark-we include
the Duke of Wellington), for whom, as a Mi-
nister, the nation feels one particle of regret or
reverence. As statesmen, they, with Lord Eldon
at the head of them, were among the very lowest
of the tribe ; and having once disposed of the
question of principle, involved in their ungrateful
mutiny against their benefactor, we can solemnly
affirm that the retreat from political office of
Lords Eldon, Bathurst, Westmorland, the Duke
of Wellington, and Lord Melville, is such a
blessed relief from a whole bundle of nuisances,
as in our own time, and thrOugh natural means,
we bad scarcely ever hoped to see accomplished.
Upon what is reported to have been done by Mr.
Canning towards the formation of a new Mi-
nistry, and upon what remains for him to do,
the Right Hon. Gentleman will, we assure our-
selves, take it' in good part, if we offer him a
few frank observations. It is said that Lord
Granville has been named for the department
which was lately filled by Mr. Canning. Lord
Granville has never occupied; in the public
esti:nation, a space which would seem to qualify
him for so high, extensive, and arduous an office as
that of 'oreign affairs; nor do we suspect that
:he noble Lord is pitched upon by his friend as
a Minister fitted to hold it in perpetuum. But
the course of diplomacy which has for some
years past engaged the attention of the late
Foreign Secretary, and required the full scope of
his skill and talent, may perhaps be more se-
curely and effectually followed up by a Minister
in his entire confidence, and reposing steadily on
his guidance, than by iiman more brilliant or in-
dependent, and therefore less amenable to com-
mand. Mr. Robinson, uncial: EIS' new title of
Lord Strathearn—or in any, other shape—retain-
ing only-she spirit and substance and estimable
character. of krederick Robinson, will be, as a
Colonial Minister, worth a whole archipelago of
Batluirstg. There Cs in the administration of
the British Colonies much that ought to be, not
merely.done, but redeemed. Lord Dudley will
be, upon the whole, as good an exchange for the
late illustrious Privy Seal, Lord Westmorland, as
Mr. Robinson is universally regarded for the
Tory whom be supersedes. But we open ano-
ther chapter by again observing, that Lord
Granville and Lord Dudley are better known as
personal friends of Mr. Canning, than for any
oseikinat pretensions. The circumstances under
ditch His Majesty commissioned the Right
a,
Nonourable Gentleman to frame the new Admi a t 1
-
nistTation forbid the belief that any undue th
restralifwaa placed by the Royal pleasure on his th
choice. We have hot heard that the Whigs are of
anxious to eitibarrass Mr. Canning's policy by tai
making it a sine qua non that their chiefs shall th
refuse office but Ori conditiun of taking with
them the whole body of the yank and file. fro
Lord Lansdown would surely bring an accession da
of strength as well as grace to the new Cabinet.
nai
What statesman in the empire better gifted sh
to direct its internal policy, and above all wi
the Irish policy, than this nobleman ? It
might seem invidious to point at other indi-
viduals of the same party ; but we are per-
suaded that the country would view with
pleasu:e a league of friendship and co-opera-
tion ests:blished between Mr. Canning and
the more temperate and enlightened Members
of the OppostZion. In the mean time there
are one or two mati.-ers of urgency which ought to be
finished instanter. Tiv Court Circular tells us that

Lord Eldon, although :L.:As sent in his resignation,
is to hold the seals for some woeks longer, " that he
may give judgment" in certain eauses now before
him. Is it meant, then, that the eagerness to go out
of office will induce this old gentleman to make
more despatch, and really to decide the outstanding
vases, instead of finding excuses to delay them ? Ws
feel this, if true, to be a weakness and an impolicy in
Mr. Canning. Lord Chancellor Eldon is a spy in the
camp—he is an enemy in the garrison. God knows
what may happen, if a square inch of ground on
which to plant an intrigue be left him. Therefore,
we would submit to Mr. Canning, the wisdom of at
once announcing to my
Lord Eldon, that his Lord-
ship had better go immediately about his business,
and leave the Court of Chancery, as well as the
King's Court, to some less questionable keeping.
There is another point concerning resignations, on
which we may suggest one word, and it is a case
where general policy combines with feeling to re-
commend that no time should be wasted. Lord
Manners and Mr. Goulburn have been hitherto those
official persons of the Irish Government who were
held in most obloquy by the people. Lord Manners
is reported to have sent in his resignation some
short time ago=—more lately still has the Right Hon.
Secretary made the same amende to Ireland. Now,
if Mr. Canning be anxious to satisfy the Irish nation
that their good fortune is not a dream—that they
have really shaken off the Orange nightmare—that
law between rich and poor—between Protestant and
Catholic—is never again to become a mercenary and

-
