them; and it is calculated that this affair and that of the Cara-
hineers
must have cost the Servile faction about fifty millions
of reals.
" Nearly all the Guards are either taken, or have volun-
tarily surrendered themselves.' A very small number remain
concealed, and among them five or six officers, of whom three,
it is said, have received passports from the Ambassador of a
foreign Power."
The following is an extract from another

let ter :
" Captain Mon land not Saint Sihnon, as has been said) re-
fuses to answer any interrogatories, except in the presence of
the King, the Princes, and General Morale. The Magistrates
have in vain represented to him that persons of this elevated
rank cannot be confronted with him ; he produces, by way of
reply, certain documents, upon which we deem it necessary to
observe a profound silence, but which seem to justify his de-
mand, in order to spew that he is not the author of the most
violent measures which were taken to overthrow the constitu-
tional system."
it is stated in a letter from Vittoria, of the 25th
inst. that the Captain of the Guards, who is ac-
cused of being one of the principal authors of the
revolt, the Count de Torre-Alta, was arrested
on the bridge of Miranda d'Ebro, on the 21st,
disguised as a waggoner. It is supposed that he
was attempting to reach the frontiers of France.
He was conducted to Vittoria on the 21th.

COURT OF ASSIZES AT COLMAR.
SITTINGS OF JULY 2/.
The Court was occupied the whole of this day with the evi
dente of M. Deschamps, a, Lieutenant of gendarmerie, who
had been dispatched to arrest Teller and Wattbled, on the
territory of Berne, and by the discussions to which his deposi-
tions give rise. He deposed, that on his arrival at the farm-
house where the two fugitives had been concealed for the
preceding two days, he found that they were in the gra-
nary, whither he immediately' proceeded ;—ihat, as he
opened the door to enter it, he heard the report of a -pistol,
but whether fired within or without he could not tell;-
that on entering lie.saw Wattbled stretched on the floor, quite
dead, his face covered with blood, and presenting the appear-
ance of his having shot himself by putting the pistol to his
mouth ; and that he was told by Teller that his comrade had
committed suicide. Being asked if there were any window in
the loft, he answered in the negative, though he seemed to see
'very well the countenance, ,attitude, and even pistol-lock of
the deceased. The Swiss .farmer, or owner of the house, was
subsequently examined, and deposed, that the granary has three
windows ; that the shot which killed Wattbled was fired out-
.side ; and that one of the panes of glass was penetrated by the
ball, and that pane still remains broken and unrepaired.—
The President asked this witness " why he had not repair-
ed his window, and if he pee:served the broken pane as an
historical monument?" The fact is imjortant to the accus-
ed party, as the deceased is mentioned :n the indictment as
committing suicide from remorse ; and the perjury of some of
the witnesses is evident, as some of them are brought to swear
that the shot was fired outside, while others as positively swore
that the unhappy man blew out his brains with his own pistol.
.SITTING CIF JULY 29.
"The accused Colonel Pailhes underwent a long interroga-
tory. He declared that the object of his journey to Alsace was
to make mineralogical observations, as his property in Spain
consisted of mines of the same description as those in Alsace.—
In reply to a question of the,President, as to some apparent
contradictions in former interrogatories, he stated that the suf-
ferings he had undergone were sufficient to account for some'
inconsistencies. He might have answered inaccurately, and
have contradicted himself in some allegations relative to his
journey, but he declared his innocence. He feared not investi-
gation, for nothing had occurred during his journey which could
prove that he had any share in the alleged conspiracy.
The President addressed the accused in these terms—" Ac-
cused Colonel Pailhes, I must observe that notwithstanding
your alleged indisposition, you have in your interrogatories an-
swered like a man possessed of all his faculties:"
The accused Dublar was interrogated as to the circumstances
of his arrest, but refused to answer—" I should fear," said he
" that any declaration I might make would be treated with
pleasantry by the Procureur-General, as was the case the other
day with regard to one of the accused."
The Procureur-General—" That is false."
The accused all rose with energy and exclaimed, " we all
heard it."
" Certainly," said Dublar, " I see no pleasantry in the de-
sire which is shown to make 44 heads fall. This expression
produced a considerable sensation.l
Several other witnesses were examined, and the audience was
adjourned.

FRANKFORT, JULY 25.—The following par
culars respecting Scio are stated in private let-
t( rs from that island of last month :—The Greek
population of the island, which was formerly es-
timated at 110,000 souls, was now reduced to
20,000, so that 90,000 have vanished from the
island ; 45,000 of these are women and children,
who have been carried into slavery ; 41,000 per-
sons were already carried away, exclusive of
those that the Turks have clandestinely taken
with them. Twenty-five thousand persons have
lost their lives, of whom many were burnt in their
houses, or carried off by the contagious diseases
caused by the pestilential exhalations of the un-
buried corpses. The harbour was so full of dead
bodies that vessels were impeded in their course
by them. Among those escaped are 5,000 who
were absent at the time of the catastrophe, and
15,000 have fled, to avoid death or slavery, to
Ipsara, Smyrna, and other places, where they
are in the most deplorable state of distress. The
city and 44 of the 66 villages that existed on the
island, are plundered and destroyed ; the booty
made by the Turks is immense. Belied Pacha,
of three tails, the Governor of the island, is de-
posed or banished, and Opti Pacha, of two tails,
appointed in his stead. It is reported that all
the Asiatic troops are to be sent away from the
island, and only 4,000 Arnauts are to remain as a
garrison. Accounts from Bessarabia of the Bth
of July state that six regiments of Yagers, and
12 regiments of cavalry of the corps of General
Sabinieff, are encamped in brigades.
VIENNA, JULY 18.—With regard to the Con-
gress to be held at Verona in the month of Sep-
tember, we learn that the Emperors of Russia
and Austria will be there in person, but that the
Courts of Berlin, Paris, and London, will send
Ministers. The Porte, it seems, has declined
taking any part in this Congress, on the ground
already alleged, that it has no political relation
-with the Christian Powers, which can make it
accessary to conclude new treaties. It seems
that the journey of the Emperor Alexander will
extend beyond Verona, and that his Imperial
Majesty will visit Rome and the South of Italy.
It is certain, at least, that Count Italinsky, the
Russian Ambassador at Rome, has received orders
.to have a residence prepared for his Sovereign.
JULY' I9.—The apprehension that the equi-
librium of the Powers of Europe might be dis-
turbed having entirely vanished, we may be per-
mitted, says an Austrian paper, to take a disin-
terested part in the efforts of •the Greeks. The
political situation of Europe, according to the
views of the Cabinets, prevents them affording
aid to the Greeks ; but no Cabinet has over
thought of offering its assistance to the Turks, to
subjugate the Greeks. This system will be
maintained ; and we learn that the Congress,
which will open in the autumn, will serve still
more to consolidate it. On the other hand, if
the Greeks are strong enough to deliver themselves
from the yoke of the Mussulmen, and if fortune
Ifavours their enterprise, they will not have to
I fear from the European Powers any interference
