ganizing the Baltic squadron, and getting it ready for
sea ; but this squadron will pass the winter at Revel,
where it will not be affected by the ice.
The Journal des Debats and the Pressc continue to
defend the conduct of the King in the difference with
M. Thiers on the subject of the speech from the throne.
(From the Presse.)
The Ministerial Journals pretend that France was
excluded from the Conference. The diplomatic docu-
ments, which were so long kept back, show that she with-
drew from it of her own accord. If she was excluded,
there was insult, serious insult, which we are bound to
avenge a tout prix. If she withdrew, there was merely
difference of opinion, which was not of sufficient import-
ance to warrant a war, in which France would be alone,
against all Europe. It was for the Chambers to say
which of the two versions was the true one. We never
bad a doubt in our minds as to the real state of the case,
and we have less doubt now, if possible, than ever, for
we cannot allow the assertions of the Ministe-
rial Journals to weigh against official documents ; but
the national susceptibility has been so much excited, and
public opinion so much wrought upon, that the vote of
the two Chambers was anything but certain. In this
state of things was not the King right in desiring
that the Speech from the Throne should not com-
promise the future, and leave the country at liberty
to pronounce upon a subject, in which it is far from
being proved that the Powers who signed the
Treaty of London had intended to wound France
in her honour, or to attack the equilibrium of Eu-
rope ; and which, in short, involves the question of a war,
in which France has everything to lose and nothing
to gain ? Where, then, would have been the inconve-
nience of a speech, the vague terms of which would
have given full latitude to the Chambers? and can it
be made a ground of just complaint that the King would
not consent to allow words to be put into his mouth,
which the Ministry would not have failed to have laid
hold of, to influence and mislead the Chambers ? It
the Chambers have ground of complaint, it is not of the
Crown, but of the Parliamentary Ministry ; for the
Crown, in desiring that the speech should not prejudice
the question, left the Parliament the supreme arbitra-
tor on the question of the national honour. Who
desired that the case should be otherwise? The Par-
liamentary Ministry 2"
The Debars asks why M. Thiers was desirous of men.
tioning new armaments in the Speech from the Throne,
and says--
" The situation of things did not require such a de-
claration. If, indeed, a week previously there had been
any decision, any aggressive act on the part of the Four
Powers, we should conceive that new armaments might
have been spoken of from the Throne, and we do not
hesitate to think that if, in the interval which must oc-
cur before the opening of the Session, any news of this
kind were to arrive, the King's speech must announce
that France is about to arm anew, no matter how the
Ministry may be composed. But we are not aware that
any news has been received by the Ministry. It is not,
then, the state of our foreign relations that requires the
announcement of new armaments in the King's speech.
Is it the state of the interior ? Armaments, however,
are not to be made merely for the purpose of gratifying
the turbulent impatience of the singers of the Mar-
seillaise.' The armaments announced by the Throne
are serious and expensive things."

OLYMPIC THEATRE,

Success does not make the lessee of this pleasant
little snuggery careless. He last night produced
two new pieces, both of which were most decided
bits. The first was an admirable one act drollery,

entitled A Slight Mistake, the hero of which, Mr.
Timothy Toddle (Mr. S. Roxbv), citizen and
umbrella-maker, is not only guilty of mistakes
himself, but is also the cause of a series of most
ludicrous mistakes in others—the mistake par ex-
cellence consisting of the mistaking by certain per-
sons at a country inn of the said Timothy for a
lunatic, on his way to an asylum, and the placing
Tom Stubble, a one-eyed boots, admirably acted by
Ross, to guard him. Roxby and Ross acted
well up to each other, and when the curtain fell it
was decidedly no mistake, as Roxby gave out the
piece for repetition every evening, amidst the loud
applause of a crowded house. It would be in-
justice not to mention in terms of the hit'l►est
praise, the admirable acting of Mrs. Garrick in this
burletta; she was the representative of Miss Tom-
kins, a lady of questionable age, in search of a hus-
band, who at length, as a pis aller accepts the
worthy umbrella-maker, who thereunon determines
that umbrellas may cut their sticks. The other
novelty was a one act burletta entitled. A Last
Day. Frederick Facile (Mr. Baker) is left a
large property by his uncle, on condition that he
marries before he is six and twenty. Fund
of gaiety he defers his marriage until the
very last day, in order to enjoy to the
utmost the pleasures of the town. He has
been to a masquerade over night, and his faithful
servant, Tom Brisk (Balls), is forced to smuggle
him into his house, to avoid certain importunate
creditors who are waiting for hint at the door. On
his arrival he finds a letter from the father of his
betrothed, stating that he had heard of his vaera-
ries, more particularly of the occasion of his ab-
sence from his house on the previous evening, and
that, therefore, the match must be considered as
at an end. At the same time he is arrested, and
then determines to put an end to his existence
by poison ; which Tom Brisk, after many entreaties,
reluctantly engages to procure for him. He swal-
lows it, and immediately afterwards his betrothed
bride and her father enter the room, the latter in-
forming him that the letter had been merely intended
to frighten him, to bring him to his senses, and
that every thing is prepared for his marriage ; he is
forced to confess that he has taken poison, and all
are in despair until the faithful Tom comes forward
and declares that he had only consented to execute
the commission, in order to substitute an innoxious
draught for the poison, and all of course ends hap-
pily. The acting of Baker was admirable, the
little touches of pathos, with which his part is in-
terspersed, were most effectively given, and told
well with the audience. The Tom Brisk of Balls
was brilliant, sparkling, effervescing as Champagne.
His imitation of Facile's old uncle was first-rate.
There is a comic underplot of the loves of Brisk and
Fanny (Miss Shearsmith), the servant in a lodg-
ing house, on whose heart Brisk suspects Sam (the
siavey of the house (Mr. S. Roxby), to have a
design, but is at length pacified by the assurance
that all Sam's designs are confined to the head,
lie having been, as Fanny phrases it, phrenzylogically
mad, ever since he attended a course of lectures on
phrenology. Miss Shearsinith is a most promising
actress ; she made the most of the part of Fanny,
by the naivete and archness which she threw into
it. Roxby's development of the phrenzyoloyist
was superb. We know not what the phrenologists
will say to it—it is one of the hardest hits they
have yet received. At the fall of the curtain Balls
announced the piece for repetition every evening,
with the unanimous consent of all present. The
house was a bumper.

THE' sITNI LONDON, THURsDAY, OCTOBER 29 181 u.

COU

LAR.

WINDSOR, WEDNESDAY.—The Queen and Prince
Albert took an airing in the Park this afternoon, accom-
panied by a large party from the Castle, including the
CounteSs of Sandwich, Hon. Miss Murray, Hon. Miss
Lister, Earl of Listowel, Earl of Aboyne, Lord Alfred
Paget, Sir Frederick Stovin, and Colonel Wylde. Tip.!
Royal party returned to the Castle from their drive
soon after tour o'clock.
Es Royal Highness Prince Albert inspected the
First Regiment of Life Guards, this morning, attended
by Colonel Wylec and Captain Seymour.

M. Dedel, the Netherlands Minister, left town on
Tuesday, on a visit to Lord Montagu, at BeauliQu.
The Duke of Northumberland arrived at his resi-
dence, Northumberland House, yesterday afternoon.
Mr. NV. C. Ross, A.R A., left town yesterday morn-
ing fur Brussels, by command of her Majesty, to paint
two large miniatures of the King and Queen of the
Belgians.

TORY MAGISTRATES.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Sia—Tlic Sun of yesterday brougia, us the melan
choly intelligence of the death of Lord Holland at the
very moment when we were discussing almost the last
act of his political life, as connected with the Duchy of
Lancaster. It is an old and oft repeated adage, "De
mortuis nil nisi bonum," and which, in many cases, ought
to be respected—a complete and slavish submission to
the injunction would, however, be deeply injurious to all
political morality. There is now a much greater neces-
sity for a strict attention to the ethics of politicians than
there has ever been before. As a public journalist you
have been instrumental in effecting much on this point,
and your labours have been highly appreciated by the
country. May they long continue to be so appreciated.
The act to which reference has been just made is that
of appointing an additional Tory County Magistrate.
The news of this reached us here by a private source,
on the very day when we were struggling in the registra-
tion Court against the crooked and encqual decisions
of Tory Barristers, paid by a professedly Liberal
Administration. While we were struggling against
the corruption, bribery, and intimidation of the
Tory party here, who will stick at nothing for
the accomplishment of party purposes, you can
easily conceive how we felt disgusted on being told
that the very man who had proposed, or seconded
Kearsley, the brewer, as a fit and proper person to re-
present the borough of Wigan in Parliament, had been
placed upon the Commission of the Peace for the county.
No men have made more sacrifices for the purpose of
supporting the present Administration than the Libe-
rals of Wigan have done, and they felt it as an act of in-
justice when they heard it announced that a Tory resi-
dent in the borough had been placed upon the roll.
Well they might feel indignant, when it is recollected
that the Tory County Magistrates, to a man, are en-
couragers of the hole and corner system of dispensing
justice to the poor of the district ; whereas the Liberal
Magistrates sit in open court—in the broad light of day
—surrounded by masses of the population, who have an
opportunity thus afforded of seeing that justice is exe-
cuted as it ought to be, without fear, favour, or
partiality. That is as it .ought to be. The Magis-
trates on the Liberal side manifest no apprehension for
public opinion ; they court its influence upon every judi-
cial act. How different is the owl and bat system pur-
sued here by those on the Tory side. The closed room
in the torifi,!(l attorne's-office—the exclusion of the
public and the influence of the press from such places,
have an excellent tendency to increase the prejudice of
the lower classes—that there is one law for the rich
and another for the poor : I May I ask the men at
head quarters, were there no gentlemen on the Liberal
side in this district qualified to be placed upon the
county roll without having recourse to that side which
supplies opponents to the administration and enemies to
the people ?
To many of the friends of Liberal principles here, it
will be at least satisfactory to see this act of mistaken
policy exposed in the columns of The Sun.
Before closing, I may tell you, that acting upon Sir
Robert Peel's maxim, we have given the Tories a most
consummate cutting-up in the Registration Court during
last week. When an election comes, if either of the
brewers venture to offer themselves for this borough, it
will be for the alone purpose of getting well plucked by
their legal Tory friends, who will be anxious to forward
their interests. I am, Sir, your's truly,
Wigan, October 23, 1840. OBSERVANS..

SUGAR DUTIES.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

- -
SIR--The" Merchant," whose letteron the Sugar Mo-
nopoly" appears in your Paper of the 20th inst., will, I
hope, he glad to be set right upon several points, on
which, through want of better information, he labours
under the same erroneous impression as many others on
a subject so important,as he justly remarks, to the com-
fort of our own population.
I quite agree with the Merchant," that the age of
monopoly is past, and that a Company soliciting Royal
patronage in the present day, would solicit what it
would not be proper to grant, nor very likely for any
Company to obtain. A Cotton Company, or Sugar
Company can have no stronger claim than a Joint-stock
Bank to Royal patronage or exclusive privileges. lam
not aware that any Company has been formed with
such absurd expectations.
But the " Merchant" seems to carry his jealousy of
Companies far beyond this ; and his regard for the
" small planters" of Brazil would lead him to deprecate
the beneficial employment of capital in the most legiti-
mate enterprise, undertaken upon the joint-stock
" A Company," he says, " is, in other words,
an odious monopoly." This is a strange assertion, at a
time when Companies of all descriptions are competing
with each other, and, by their operation, destroying mo-
nopoly in almost every branch of commercial specula-
tion. The private banker may, like the " Merchant,"
call all joint-stock companies that interfere with his in-
dividual interests, odious monopolies ; but the public
view them in a different light.
The " Merchant' asks, " If the East Indies cannot
produce an adequate quantity of Sugar, under the pre-
sent unrestricted system, and with an open market,
does any sane person suppose that it will be obtained
by the mere incorporation of a Company ?" I will put
the question into other words. If the East Indies
cannot produce an adequate quantity, with the present
very limited capital employed in agriculture, does any
sane person suppose that the quantity will be increased
by the employment of more capital ? To which the
proper reply would be :—Can any sane person ask such
a question ?
But the " Merchant" ought to know that the present
system is not unrestricted—that the market is not open
—that the equalization of the duties on West India
and East India produce is only beginning to take effect,
while the concession is partly frustrated by the still re-
maining restrictions. There is no question that India
is adequate to produce a supply equal to the demand
of all Europe, the only limit to the supply being the
want of capital ; which capital can be beneficially em-
ployed on a scale commensurate to the opening pre-
sented only by means of companies.
India and Free Labour ask for no restrictions, no
monopoly. The sooner all restrictions upon slave-
labour produce can be removed the better for India, and
all who engage in British India Companies, whether
for the cultivation of sugar, of cotton, or of other pro-
duce. The West India monopoly has been hitherto
the chief obstacle to the advancement of the prosperity
of India, having powerfully concurred with the narrow
mercantile policy of Leadenhall-street and Calcutta,
to discourage the employment of British capital in
Indian enterprise. The best and most direct means of
abolishing slavery in Brazil and the United States—
which the " Merchant" must forgive us for most de-
voutly desiring—is to encourage the cultivation of cot-
ton and sugar by freelabour in our own possessions, so as
to enable us to undersell the produce of slave-labour in
the open markets of the world. Of the result there
can be no doubt. The shrewd American planters an-
ticipate that what has taken place with regard to in-
digo, may, and probably will, be the case with cotton,
when we set about the cultivation of it in earnest.
One word about Brazil. No doubt the existing re-
strictions are very vexatious. The sooner they can
be got rid of the better. But there is no restriction
even now upon its cotton ; in regard to which it has
had to compete only with the United States. Why
c mnot Brazil furnish more cotton ? Why should Bra-
zilians cease to be our customers, while we continue to
take their cottons, and almost all sorts of other produce ?
Did the United States cease to he our customers when
we found we could grow indigo in Bengal cheaper than
the planters of the Carolinas could afford to sell it
us? But as regards our own manufactures, without
under-rating the present importance of our Brazilian
customers, what is the market of Brazil, if we could
secure it to ourselves, with its four or five millions of
inhabitants, compared to that of India, with its hun-
dred and twenty millions of inhabitants, when that
aa market shall be fairly opened to our m
means ,
y
increasing its exportable produce, by whnicuhfcture
its millions of cultivators can become consumer manufacturers,
only
our manufactures ? We refuse the India piece
cools,
e
cotton and silk, or at least discourage them by
unequal
duties ; and we hear of no complaints on this head
from the advocates of Free Trade with Brazil. How
is this ? I am, Sir,
Your obedient Servant,
Adelphi Hotel, Liverpool. JOSIAH CONDER.
Oct.2lst, 1840.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Douro, on
leaving Achnacar Castle, Inverness-shire, proceeded to
Gordon Castle, Fochabers, on a visit to the Duke and
Duchess of Richmond, and have since gone to Yester
House, the seat of the Marquis and Marchioness of Tweed_
dale. The Noble Marquis and Marchioness will visit the
Earl and Countess of Dalhousie, at Dalhousie Castle,
slid Lothian, on leaving Yester House.
Lord and Lady Jemima Eliot, on leaving Sir
R. and Lady Peel's seat in Staffordshire, went to Port
Eliot, the family seat in Cornwall, where his Lordship and
Lady are now staying until the assembling of Parliament,
