THE SUN, LONDON, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1840.

ish recriminatory hostility so long carried on be
tween Superintendent ELLIOTT, the " Barbarian
Eye," and Governor LIN, the " Shadow of the
Celestial Emperor." Our Government has been
slow to take offence at the wrongs inflicted
upon its subjects by the Chinese authorities ;
but we trust that this slowness to chastise insolence
and punish wanton oppression affords no ground
whatever for inferring that ample vengeance will not
now be taken for the murder of one representative of
a British Sovereign, and the violation of the personal
liberty of another. We thirst not for the blood
of the Chinese. God forbid ! It is because we
are opposed to repetitions of wars that we now re-
commend to the Government by one decisive blow
to put an end to repetitions of the causes which
constitute their usual justification—so far at least
as regards China. With all their boasted civilization
the Chinese are little better than barbarians, and,
like all barbarians, they despise the institutions
and the people of every nation, of whose power
they are ignorant. Forbearance is, in their eyes,
cowardice; and having, on three several occasions, as
they boast, humbled the " red-bristled barbarians" of
England before all nations, and once defeated
their ships at sea, and " forced them to
fly into the outer waters," it is in vain
to expect that less than the infliction of a terrible
chastisement upon them will convince them of
their folly, and retain the ground which otherwise
we must lose in the East. A wide extent of our
Indian empire borders on China, and the inhabitants
are not ignorant of the struggle in which we are
engaged, nor averse to avail themselves of any ad-
vantages which it may offer for shaking off the
Britis yoke. Let the Chinese only be allowed to
teach them that British power is not invincible,
and we shall soon see a fire in the East, the flames
of which it will cost rivers of blood to extinguish.
If it be intended, as we believe it is, by the Go-
vernment here to place British relations with China
on a firm, peaceable, and honourable footing, not
only must the Chinese be now humbled—full com-
pensation for the losses sustained by our mer-
chants insisted upon—and the entire expense of
, te expedition exacted ; bu a suitable guarantee, in
the shape of a permanentt settlement in the waters
of China must be obtained for the faithful fulfil-
ment of all regulations for the subsequent carrying
on of traffic between the subjects of Great Britain
and the Celestial Empire. The news from Cen•
tral Asia is likewise highly important. Had
Russia not been in such haste to send an
expedition nominally against Khiva, but :in
reality against Herat and Cabul, for the over-
throw of British influence north of the Indus, it is
certain that she would have had the field to herself.
`We suspect, however, that she had another object
in view, and that was, to prevent the gallant army
commanded by Lord KEANE from proceeding to
China, as it otherwise would have done. It
is well known that we have not a more
dangerous enemy at the Court of Pekin than
Russia, and it is equally certain that she could not
have taken a step more indirectly hostile to us, and
more favourable to China, than by compelling us to
keep an army admirably adapted for a successful ex-
pedition against Canton, idly watching her move-
ments in the neighbourhood of Herat, Cabul, and
Lahore.

The illness of Lord KEANE will be deeply re-
gretted by the British people. His gallant services,
and those of his brave companions in arms, are en-
graven upon their hearts.

Let politicians do what they will, their opponents
will most certainly find fault with them, and there-
fore a trimming course, with a view to please, is
always impolitic. It invites attack by a confession
of weakness, and does not disarm a single enemy.
A bold, straightforward, consistent course may not,
indeed, ensure success, any more than it will escape
censure, but it will, in the end, command respect.
When the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHE-
QUER brought forward his motion on Tues •
ehly for a Committee to inquire into the issue
of paper money, he mentioned, amongst the
several causes why the House of Commons
should inquire into the subject, that the period ap-
proached when the House must give notice to the
Bank of England concerning the renewal of its
Charter. The Right Hon. Gentleman also point-
ed out the necessity of legislating for the Bank of
llreland, and the impropriety of the Governrntnt
bringing in any Bill which might not have the
sanction of a Committee, of which the inquiries
were necessary. He also adverted to the great de-
sire expressed by many persons of consideration in
the country that further investigations should be
instituted. Besides these circumstances great
differences of opinion prevail on the sub-
ject throughout the country, and amongst
the best informed men. If ever a matter needed
inquiry before proceeding to legislate on it, and if
ever a matter required legislation, the currency of
the country does; and yet, one of the Tory scribes,
a very insignificant and harmless one indeed, is not
ashamed to blame the Governmentfor not recommend-
ing some measure to reform the currency, instead of
proposing a Committee of Inquiry. It is accused
of wishing to shift responsibility from itself to the
Legislature ; if it had not proposed such a
Committee, its presumption in recommend-
ing or dictating to the Parliament would
then have been censured. We quote this as an
example of the impossibility of escaping the censure
of political opponents. They must be defied by
pursuing a just course with moderation. Such
has been, in our judgment, the conduct of the
CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER on this ques-
tion, and it deservedly met the approbation of
Mr. GROTE, who never needlessly squanders a
compliment.
We have at this moment a reply to the letter of
Mr. JONES LOYD by .1. C. SMITH, and a second
letter from Mr. LOYD to Mr. SMITH, lying before
us, which, from the pressure of other matter, have
been unnoticed. Both these pamphlets relate to the
operations of the Bank of England, and their influence
over the prosperity of the country. They take
different views, and they are the representatives of
hundreds of pamphlets and books, which have been
published concerning the currency during the last.
twelvemonth, not one of which approves altogether
of the existing system. We doubt if on any ques-
tion the public mind was ever more completely un-
settled than on this. A large party requires that
time bank which issues paper, shall not be a bank of
deposit. That party is split again into two large
sections, one of which wishes to see paper
issued by a National Bank, the other that it
should be left in the hands of the Bank of
England. Another large party requires that all
bank monopolies shall be done away ; and, amongst
the votaries to this doctrine, there are many shades
of difference. Some persons wish to see paper
money suppressed altogether ; others wish for an
unlimited issue of inconvertible paper-money. We
might enumerate several other differences of opi-
nion, all of which find respectable advocates, but
these will suffice to show that the public mind is
very unsettled on this subject, and that a solemn
inquiry by the grand inquest of the nation is much
wanted, to bring it clearly into day.
Those who object to inquiry seem to suppose,
like Sir ROBERT PEEL, that if the mind of the
Legislature is made up that is sufficient. Its de-
crees, according to these statesmen and reasoners,
are to still all doubts and stop all inquiries. There
is to be no other truth but what is embodied in the
statutes at large. On some subjects we admit its
fiat is final, but not on the currency. It may settle
the pay of the army and navy, and the rank of Ad-
mirals and Generals, but the circulating medium—
the instrument of trade, like trade itself, has laws of
its own which the Legislature may discover, but
cannot prescribe. It might as well try to prescribe
the form of steam engines and the shape of spin-
yo t
tt
ho ne l
ac lwo t
both e it sw tei
et and
golde.
and
de
ncryol
an t id
shall pay its notes in -
anribngitramryulreeslabtylonwhfiixcehd by
this
ten
years, a s
silver. i s
The palpablyregulation
tamidt
tcha
en nßotanbke
elofnEg b n
Las been proved several
times gold
mesiswiathn impossibility,
withinnth
Yet when the gold in its coffers would not have enabled
Sir ROBERT PEEL
it to pay ss. in the pound.
Proposes, to still all doubt, to put an end to all
by an implied declaration that
I hope of improvement,
the mind of the Legislature is made up, and no man
Imust inquire further.
1 Is the Right Hon. Baronet never to learn wis-
-1 dom ? Why the mind of the Legislature was made
1 up, in 1828, to resist Catholic Emancipation, and
i to resist Parliamentary Reform, but both became
! inevitable within a very few years from that time.
In like manner, S •
R.
wPEEL
i few, ,sears an alteration in Ins fixed gold standard,
into which he will now n.
haveas
Cia':th'iiionilqic finurdEm,th;a nitlciiivn a
be-
comea-
.as inevitable as

tion. It is his fate—it is plainly the con-
sequence of the principles he was brought up
in—to hold fast all institutions ; that, like
the genuine emblem of Toryism, the duck-
legged drummer, he should always be in the rear.
We do not advocate an inquiry by the CHANCEL-
LOR of the EXCHEQUER'S Committee into the
propriety of altering the standard, but that must be
inquired into, or there must be legislation without
inquiry.
We cannot agree with a Ministerial Evening
Contemporary in preferring Sir R. PEEL'S " de-
finite inquiry into what regulation should
Parliament adopt when the Bank Charter
expires," to the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
CHEQUER'S inquiry " into the effects produced on
the circulation of the country by the various bank-
ing establishments issuing notes payable on de-
mand. How can Parliament know what it ought
to do when the Bank Charter expires, unless it
previously inquire into the effects of the present sys-
tem, including the Bank ? The inquiry proposed
by Mr. BARING is a necessary step to that
larger inquiry, " What regulations should Parliament
adopt ?" proposed by Sir R. PEEL. His definite and
precise inquiry involves, not only that of the CHAN-
CELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, but a most exten-
sive and laborious investigation of the many feasible
schemes now afloat for improving the currency,
including a national bank, and the suggestions
for altering the standard. But Sir ROBERT has a
limit to the inquiry in his own mind far short of
this. He conceives the preservation of the Bank
to be necessary---he insists that the standard
shall not be meddled with —he holds
fast to all the regulations that were made
in ignorance ; and the extensive inquiry
his words imply really means for him "on
what terms shall the Legislature renew the
Bank Charter." That the Tories have made com-
mon cause with the authors of the starvation laws,
against the prosperity of trade and the public wel-
fare, was known from the conduct of Sir ROBERT
PEEL last Session ; his speech on Tuesday night
indicates that he is also to make common cause
with the chartered monopolists of credit against
the bulk of the nation. We are glad to see him
stepping forth in his proper Tory character, and
avowing himself still the enemy of every measure
that can ameliorate and improve the condition of
the people.

The letter which appears in another part of The
Sun, addressed to the Mike of BUCKINGHAM,
comes from a very respectable quarter; it will en-
able the aristocracy to perceive in what language
they are now spoken of by many influential and
o;)ulent persons. But what is written we can as-
sure them is not half so bad as what is said ; and if
it were possible for them to maintain their state and
power in a community which has learnedtodisrespect
them, it cannot surely be pleasant to them to know
themselves to be the objects of general and intense
odium. We may have contributed to excite odium,
not out of any animosity to the aristocracy, which
we were bred up, likeall our countrymen, to reverence,
but out of animosity to a course of proceeding
which degrades the once proud nobility of England
below the level of the vilest usurers. They sacrifice
the love and respect of their fellow-men, merely to
g,t a little money. What worse and what more
degrading course does the vilest usurer pursue ?
The letter is also valuable for the facts it con-
tains. It establishes the exact degree in which the
manufacturers are plundered by the landowners.
We hear continually of the blessedness of our
people being independent for food ; but what sort
of independence is that which is now the lot of the
mass of our manufacturing and labouring classes,
when they must buy their bread of a particular
class of men—must give one-third more for it than
they could buy it elsewhere ? The independence
of which the advocates of the Corn-laws boast, is
the slavery of all classes to the landowners.

Letters from Constantinople, of the 19th ult., stat
that a coolness has arisen between Lord PONSONEY
and the Porte, in consequence of the unwillingness of
the Divan to consent to his Lordship's demand for the
removal of the Greek Patriarch, GnEeoluo, implicated
in the lonian Islands' conspiracy. The Russian Am-
bassador, who secretly supports the Patriarch, and
encourages the Porte to resist the demand of Lord
PoNsoNnY, undertook to settle the affair with the
British Minister ; but Lord PONSONBY informed him
t hat his instructions for the dismissal of the Patriarch
were positive ; and that, if the dismissal did not take
place, he would be under the necessity of declining
lilt further correspondence with the Turkish Cabinet.
M. PONToIS, the French Ambassador, is likewise not
on the hest terms with the Porte. Some short time
since a French subject, residing in Turkey, was com-
pelled by the local Governor to pay an exorbitant
amount of taxes, in violation of the articles of the Com-
mercial Treaty. The injured Frenchman appealed for
protection and the restoration of his property to the
representative of his Sovereign, and M. PoNTots in-
stantly demanded from the Porte the dismissal of the
Governor, This tt as refused, and the French Minister
forwarded an account of the whole affair to his Court,
with a demand for fresh instructions. These had not
arrived on the 19th, but they were hourly expected, and
it would depend upon them what form this affair would
assume, which then presented an aspect sufficiently
threatening.
In these differences with the Porte great difficulties
present themselves. It is no doubt of the first import-
ance that the Greek Patriarch should be dismissed, as
otherwise we tacitly acknowledge the supremacy of
Russia in Turkey, Greece, and the lonian Islands—an
acknowledgment, fatal to the best interests of this
country. But, on the other hand, should the Porte
continue to resist the demand of England for the
removal of the Patriarch, and England in conse-
quence withdraw her protection from the Porte,
that moment Turkey would become a Russian province.
Nothing could happen which would more delight Rus-
s:a than an open rupture between Great Britain and
Turkey. Her armies, now on the Turkish confines,
would be poured into Asia Minor. Before England
could fire a gun, her fleet in the Black Sea would have
blocked up the passage of the Dardanelles, and Con-
stantinople itself would be garisoned with her troops.
On no account, therefore, ought Turkey to be aban-
doned to the oft-proffered protection of her deadliest
enemy, who is at the bottom of all these intrigues to
foment quarrels between her and her friends.
In addition to the above intelligence direct from Con-
stantinople, we find the following interesting letter from
that Capital, in the Journal des Debuts of Tuesday ;
evidently from a quarter entitled to great credit. It
clears up all the mystery about the sudden removal of
so many public functionaries immediately after the re-
covery of the old Vizier, whom age has deprived:of' none
of his youthful energy of character and subtlety of
purpose :
" The party of the Sultana Valide, excited by some members
of the clergy, and supported by some Armenian bankers, who
saw in the adoption of a new financial system, the ruin of their
business, resolved to profit by the illness of Khosrew Pacha to
deprive him of power. The plot was first to replace him at
the head of the Council as incapable from his great age and
illness of attending to public affairs, and then to insist
upon his withdrawing to a country residence distant from
the capital. The chief of the eunuchs, and the Intendant of
the Sultana-Mother, were at the head of the plot, of which
the Sultana probably was not ignorant; for since Khosrew
Pacha has overthrown her influence, she has on every
occasion shown herself his mortal enemy. Bahl Pacha was
to have been made Grand Vizier. As to Reschid
Pasha, Fethi Patin, and the other public functionaries
who are partisans of reform, it was hoped to get rid of
them by a popular movement led on by the authors of
the plot. The old Vizier, learning what was passing,
wa:ted until his enemies had fully committed themselves,
and then displaced them all from the posts which they
the
occupied, beginning with Ali-Nidjih-Pacha,
ti
Inten-
dant of the Sultana Valide, and the chief of the eunuchs. I
being
her
intrigues,
ev en s a that
iif
shehe adviseds the
to Sultanap rev e
ntto
adopted against her. Amongst the persons mixed up with this
_ an
Armenian Catholic, and an enlightened man ; but the proof
affair is said to be M. Duz Oglou, Intendant of the Mint, _
Pitt
proceedingsanend
tobe
against him not being conclusive, Khosrew Pacha has merely
ve
advised him to be prudent in future, if he desires to a
id
being suspected. There is
no open rupture between PI. de
Pontois and the Porte ; but, after some animated discussion
between him and Resehid Pacha, their relations have become
this
coldness more embarrassed, and it is evident to everybody that i
coldness may end suddenly in some fatal resolution.

Madrid Journals of the 2d instant have reached us'
but their contents are of no interest. The state. of
siege continued, and the Cortes were busy verifying
the powers of the Members. The Five per Cents. rose
28} for cash on the arrival of the despatch announc-
Leg the fall of Segura.

The Brussels Journals of Tuesday, received this
morning, state that a public meeting of merchants and
ship-owners was held in Brussels on Friday last to
recommend to the Government the establishment of a
rtgular trade between a part of Belgium and New
York, Brazil and Odessa, to be encouraged by grant-
ing a bounty to sh;p-owners. After much discussion it
appeared to be the opinion of the meeting that boun-
ties to ship-owners was objectionable, and that the bet-
ter plan would be to grant bounties on the exportation
of manufactures.

One of the Brussels Papers gives insertion to a
letter which states that there is to be an immediate
change in the Brussels Cabinet.

The Paris Journals of Tuesday are wholly barren of
any news of interest. All parties were awaiting, with
composure amounting almost to indifference, the open-
iog of the grand Cabinet Drama in the Chamber of
Depidies on Thursday (this day), on the occasion of the

Ministerial demand for secret service money, the granting
of which is, in France, tantamount to a vote of confi-
dence in the Administration.

The Commerce has a long article headed " Austria
and the Augsburgh Gazette," in which the exclusive
diplomatic intelligence which first appears in that journal
is shown to be entitled to very little credit. The subject
has more than once been sufficiently noticed in the
Landon daily journals.
The Chamber of Peers was occupied on Monday and
Tuesday with the Children's Factory Bill. Paragraphs
4,5, and 6 were voted. We shall endeavour to make
room for the heads of the Bill when it has passed the
Legislature.
Considerable convoys of provisions, ammunition, and artil-
lery, continue to arrive at Muniesa. A great movement on
the whole line is expected to take place shortly, which will be
made by all the troops, as well as the head quarters. On the
29th it was suddenly reported that very numerous Carlist forces
were in sight towards Cabra. It was said that it was their in-
tention to retake Segura.
The enthusiasm which has been excited in the army by the
capture of that little fortress is not yet calmed. Whether by
accident or design Segura, fell into the hands of Espartero on
the day of his fete (St. Bartholomew's day), hence there are
presages without number. All the commanders of corps who
were admitted to present their congratulations to the happy
Duke de la Vittoria, were invited to a banquet, at which the
company gave free course to their joy with all the Castilian
spirit of amplification. Those who seriously desire the pacifi-
cation of this country wait for some more important exploit
before they really congratulate the Commander-in-Chief.
Great preparations are making at Saragossa to celebrate the
anniversary of the sth of March. It will be recollected how
nobly the inhabitants of that city held out in the night in
1838, when the Carlists, commanded by Carbanero, succeeded
in scaling the walls, and were gloriously repulsed.
What will be curious this year is, that Carbanero himself
will, it is said, take a part in the fete.—Memorial des Pyrennees.
BOURSE.—PARIS, TUESDAY, MARCH 10.

lrst Highest Lowest Last
Price Price. Price. Price
French 5 per Cents lll 85 112 25 ... 11l 85 112 20
44 per Cents lO5 75 ... 105 75 105 75 ... 105 75
3 per Cents B2 85 .. 82 95 ... 82 80 ... 82 95
Bank of France 3140 ...:1140 ...3140 ...3140
Latfitte Bank I,ooof. 1060 ...1060 ...1060 ...1, 60

5,000 f. Sh 5197 50 ...5197 50 ...5195 ...5195
Belgian Bank 905 ... 919 ... 905 ... 910
5 per Cents 104% ... 101% ... 104% ... 104%
3 per Cents....
United States Bank Loan 99 ... 99 ••• 99 ••• 99
Spanish Active 29h, ... 29% ... 29% ... 29%
Passive 7% ... 7% ... 7% ... 7%
Old Deferred B% ... 84 ... 8 ... 84,
Portuguese 3 per Cents 23% ... Z-1% ... 23% ... 23%
Neapolitan
Roman lO4 . 104 ... 103% ... 183%
RAILWAY SHARES.
Versailles, It. B 555 ... 555 ... 552 50 ... 552 50
L.B. 367 50 ... 370 ... 367 50 ... 368 75
Ftrasburg to Bale 347 50 ... 347 50 ... 346 25 ... 846 25
Bordeaux to La Teste 375 ... 375 ... 375 ... 375

riELGIAN FUNDS—BRUSSELS, MARCM 10.
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent.
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent ....... ..... 101%
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent. 95%
3 per Cent. 74
Loan of City, 1832, 4 per Cent. 95
Society of Commerce, 4% per Cent lO9
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 90%
National Society .
Exchange on London (short)
—Brussels Papers, March 10.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—Vmsts, Medico 2
rive per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares 1835
—Allgemeine Zeitung, March 7.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING-(THIS DAY.)

DEAL, MARCH 11.—WindfN.E.—Sailed the Ann Gales,
Gales, for Sydney, New South Wales; Tropic, King, Hobart
Town ; Lady Kennaway, Pollock, Calcutta ; Ann Lockerby,
Burt, do. ; David Scott, Spence, Madras ; Cleopatra, Early,
do. ; Tartar, Young, Bombay ; Amity, Glover, Jamaica;
Boadicea (steamer), Malta; Robert Morris, Walker, Phila-
delphia ; Emma, Selby, Newfoundland.
LIVERPOOL, MARCH 11. —Wind N.E.—Arrived the Hero,
Srrallwoed, from Bombay ; Aspray, Bartlett, Charleston ;
Scotland, Black, do. , Erin go Bragh, Sumpton, do. ; John
Mitchell, Cabell, New York ; Sisters, Short, Nassau. Sailed
Warman, Gibson, for Hayti; Ann Jane, Rigby, Calcutta;
W. Shand, Potter, do.; Jupiter, Sidman, Batavia; Charles,
Jones, Barbadoes ; Eblana, Rowlands, Trinidad ; Rowena,
Reid, New Orleans ; Oporto, Hinch, Hayti ; St. Lawrence,
Bunker, New York.
PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 11.—Wind N. to E.N.E.—Ar-
rived the Vigi:ant, Walton, from London, with damage, hav-
ing been run on board of last night off Beachy Head by a ves-
sel, name unknown.

PLYMOUTH, MARCH 11.—Wind N.W.—Sailed the John
Francis, for Charleston.

FA LMOITTH, MARCH 10.—Wind N.—Off port, the Welling-
ton, Chadwick, from New York—sailed 14th ult.

- .
JERSEY, Al Aucir 9.—Sailed the Eliza, for Newfoundland;
and Joseph, Rio Janeiro.
CORK, MARCH 9.—Arrived the John Brooks, from Porto
Cabello, with damage and leaky, having been run on board of
by the Innesfail steamer yesterday, to the eastward of this port;
and Abbahs Reading, Reaner, Callao—sailed 20th October.
Orr THE ISLE OF MAN.—The Leander, from St. John's,
New Brunswick.

SOUTHAMPTON, MARCH 9.—Arrived the Nymph, from
St. Michael's.

Hum., MARCH 11.—Wind N.E.—Sailed the Queen Vic-
toria, Chambers, St. John's, New Brunswick.
BuanAVEN, MARCH 6.—Arrived the Lapwing packet, from
Vera Cruz—sailed 6th January, Tampico 13th, and Havannah
26th, with 457,000 dollars ; and Africa, Hammond, Mauri-
tius—sailed 20th Novdmber, and Ascension 6th January.

MONEY and COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Montreal Papers, received to the 6th Feb., and Quebec to
the 4th Feb.

( From the Montreal Gazette of Feb. 1.)
We are happy to learn that a Bill has been passed by the
Legislature of Upper Canada to prevent the circulation of notes
under five shillings:
We have received.the Journal of Antwerp of yesterday's
date.

Accounts from Amsterdam state that the King and Royal
Family left that capital on the morning of the above day.
EXCHANGE OF AMSTERDA3I, MARCH 9.—Notwithstanding
the firmness of the London Funds on Friday, our national funds
are not so good as on Saturday. The Society Actions of
Commerce are also lower, and have receded to 167 i.
The rise of the Spanish Funds at Antwerp, owing to the re-
port of negotiations going forward between Espartero and Lan-
gostera on the subject of the pacification of Arragon, caused
some purchases before 'Change hours at 263/4 to 13-16; but
at 'Change hours realising took place, and Spanish fell to
26 11-16 5/8.
AMSTERDAM PRICE OF THE FUNDS, MARCH 9.—Two-
and-a•Half per Cents., 52 9-16 ; Five per Cents., 98g.

The intelligence from China has caused great anxiety in the
City. The merchants, speculators, and dealers in Tea are
anxiously waiting for the regular dispatches and letters from
China on the subject, as the intelligence is doubted to the pre-
sent hour by a great number of persons in the City, and has as
yet but little effect in the British Market.

THE FUNDS.
Consols, which left off yesterday at 90% for Money, and 91
for the Account, opened this morning at 90% % Money, Ac-
count 90% ; Exchequer Bills, 20 22 prem. ; India Bonds, 1 3
prem. ; Bank Stock shut ; India Stock, 250 251 shad• higher.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish left off at 29%, at present
2911; Portuguese same as they closed, 33% 34; Three per
Cents., 23% 24 ; Colombian, 251/ % ; Mexican, 291/2 ; Bra-
zilian, 781/2 ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 53%; Five
per Cents., 1003/ 101*.
We have a report that the Chinese Government have issued
letters of marque, and that a great number of their war junks
are out.

The Mexican packet has arrived, by which we have received
papers to the 6th January. They state that a Spanish Ambas-
sador had arrived at Msxico.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCIC.
Bank Stock — India Stock —
3 per Cent. Red.
3 per Cents. Con 90 3 South Sea Stock --
Psi, tier Cent Old Annuities —
Ditio Red. — New Ditto
New 354 per Cent 99 Bh, 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751
New 5 per Cent. - Exch. Bills, £1,000... 22 20 pm
Bank LongAnnuitiestoexpire Ditto 500... 22 20 pm.
Jan 5, 1860 — Ditto Small 22 20 pm.
Oct. 10, 1859 —. Ditto Commercial die.
Jan. 5, 1860
Jan. 5, 1850 — Bank Stock for Account ...
April 5, 1880 — India Stock for Account ..
Jan. 75.1870 — Consols for Account 9110(
PRICES OF FOREIGN FIJ NDS THIS DAY AT ONE O.CLOCK
Austrian Bonds — Peruvian Bonds —
Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account — Portuguese Bonds .... .....
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account — Ditto Accoun` 34 3%
Buenos Ayres Bonds ......

Ditto Account
Chinon 3ond t —i i
Prussian Bonds
Ditto incsa.: nt — Russian Bends, 1822
Co lumt ian Bonds — Ditto Account
Ditto kcom. nt —(' Ditto Metallic —
Columbian 3:: 6,1824 - Spanish Bonds ...... 29
Ditto kccmlit
.:anish Bonds
Ditto Attc :nt — Deferred l3; 141
;reek Bonds — French, 5 per cent.... —f. —c.
Ditto Bonds, 1825 — —.-. 4 per cent. —f. —.c.
Ditto Account ....... - 3 per cent. —f..—e.
__.

Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent. 254 --- Eitchange. —f. —c.
Ditto Account — Dutch, 2% per cent. .531,( %
Ditto, 6 per Cent. . .....
Ditto Account
Neapolitan ....... ..........
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share,
British Iron Company
United Mexican (issued at 21. pm.)
i :mat Western Railway Company 65 66
Brighton Railway 35 24
..ndon and Greenwich Railway Company.-- 20 9
London and Croydon Railway Company l4/. 18s. 6d. 94
Colonial Bank
Assam Company 5 5%h,
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS. DUBLIN, MARCH RI.
3 per Cent. Consols
N per Cent. Stock
Ditto Reduced -
Ditto New, 1830 ,.. 98% City of Dublin Steam Comp. —...
3% per Cent. Debentures... 9IN National Insurance Company --
Bank Stock lBl City Debentures, 4 per cent. --.
Grand Canal Stock -
Royal Canal Stock
HALF-PAST ONE.
ONE.
Very great agitation still continues in the City, and many
persons still doubt the intelligence from China, owing to the
despatches and letters not havinc, been received as yet, but the
well-informed are of opinion that the information is correct,
having been received by the French Government by the tele-
graph from Marseilles, at least most part of it, and forwarded
t o a certain house in London.
Consols are not quite so good as in the early part of the
morning—they may be quoted a shade lower, 90-1 for the
Account, Money, 90i i ; Exchequer Bills also lower, 22 20
prem. ; India Bonds, 3 prem.
In the Foreign Market Spanish has rather improved
since the early part of the day from 29 to 29A i ; Deferred,
13 / 14i ; Passive, 71/ i ; Portwfuese, also lower 33/ ; Three
per Cents., 23/ ; Colo:nbian 25k; Mexican rather better,
30; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 531% ; Five per
Cents., 1011%,

RACE WITH THE BRITISH QUEEN.—Monday
the British Queen left Portsmouth, on her voyage across the
A tlantic. The South of England Steam Navigation Company's
steam-ship the Atalanta, being out on a trial excursion (since
her re-fitting for the summer season on the Southampton and
Jersey station), determined to try her speed with the Queen,
and waited for her at Spithead till she came abreast of her,
when, her paddles being set •n motion, to the astonishment of
the gallant commander of the Queen, the Atalanta went ahead
of her splendid rival, and gradually increased the distance
between them for several miles, when the Atalanta having
proved her superiority (in steaming only of course), returned to
port. She had no canvass stretched, having a head wind. The
Queen had her topsails set.—Hampshire Advertiser.
ATTEMPTED MURDER AND SUICIDE.--A
few days ago a young man named Humphries, residing at
Rickmansworth, in Hertfordshire, cut the throat of his sweet-
. heart in a fit of jealousy, and afterwards his own. Both of them
ie in a very precarious state.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-THIS DAY.

The House sat to-day, to hoar Scotch Appeals.
The peers present were the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of
Aberdeen, and Lord Colchester.

THE COUNTESS OF DALHOUSIE, V. JAMES MACDOWALL, ESQ.
The arguments in this case, which have already oc-
cupied their Lordships six days, were brought to a con-
clusion to-day. The case came before their Lordships on
appeal from an interlocutor of the Court of Session,
which was decided in favour of the respondent Colonel
M'Dowall. The following may be stated as the outline
of the main facts of the case:—

The late Colonel Andrew McDowell, of Logan, was
appointed to the command of a Fencible regiment of ca-
valry, called the Prince's Royals, in 1795. It was quar-
tered at Dumfries, and in April, 1796, he marched with it
into England. Some time in the course of the year 1795,
a young girl, named Mary Russell, went to reside-with
him at Dumfries and elsewhere in Scotland, and she be-
came pregnant. She continued to live with him, and ac-
companied him to England in 1796. She was a young
Scotchwoman, and till then had never been out of that
country. Being at that time visibly with child,
the overseers of the poor of Carlisle, where she
then was, obliged Colonel McDowell to give them
a bond that her child should not become a burden to
that parish. In October, 1796, the respondent was born,
not at Carlisle, however, but at Chester, where the regi-
ment was then stationed. She continued to reside with
the Colonel, and several children were the fruits of the
connexion. On the 9th of March, 1808, a marriage con-
tract in the Scottish form was executed between her and
the Colonel at Penrith, in Cumberland, by which
they accepted each other as lawful spouses, and
upon which Colonel M'Dowall settled upon her
an annuity of 4001., payable from his entailed
estates. Immediately after this Colonel M'Dowall re-
turned with her to Scotland as his wife, where they con-
tinued to live together as man and wife till the Colonel's
death, in 1834. The legal question arising out of these
facts was, whether the circumstance of the respondent's
birth having taken place in England, would prevent the
operation of the law of legitimation per subsequentem ma.
trimonium, which would have taken place if Colonel
M'Dowall and Mary Russell had remained in Scotland
until the birth of the respondent. The judicial proceed.
ings between the parties commenced with a summons, at
the joint instance of the respondent and his father, against
the Countess of Dalhousie and the other appellants, as
heirs substitute in estates in which the late Colonel
M'Dowall had succeeded under settlement alleged to be
of strict entail. The summons concluded that it should
be found, and declared that the pursuer, James M'Dow.
all, was the eldest lawful son of his father, Andrew
M'Dowall, and as such was entitled to all the rights
and privileges of a child born in lawful wedlock.
During the dependence of this action, Colonel M'Dowall
died, and immediately upon that event taking place a
counter action was raised at the instance of the appellant,
in which it was sought to have it declared by the Court
that the Countess of Dalhousie was next heiress of entail
to the late Colonel A/140°mill, in consequence, as it was
alleged, of his having died without heirs lawfully born.
It was also sought to have set aside certain deeds granted
by the late Colonel to his son. The Court of Session, on
hearing the case, decided in favour of the respondent, and
'rom that decision the present appeal was brought.
The LORD CHANCELLOR, at the conclusion of the argu-
ments, stated that he should postpone giving his judg-
ment until he had heard the case of Monro v. Monro,
which involved precisely the same point that was raised in
the present appeal.
Sir F. Pollock, Mr. K. Bruce, and Mr. Burge ap-
peared for the appellants; and the Attorney-General and
the Lord Advocate were counsel for the respondent.

THE MARKETS._(THIS DAY.)
HUNGERFORD MARKET.
Fair supplies. and the prices of Fish, Butcher's Meat, Game,
Poultry, and Vegetables, were as on Tuesday, with a brisk
trade.
