-~^.-

•
BRIGHTON, MARCH 19.-:The weather to-day has been
bright, and very mild for the season. The KING. took an
airing in- an open carriage, leaving the Palace about two
o'clock, pursuing the Rottingdean road, and returning between
four and five. His Majesty looked remarkably cheerful, and
never appeared to be in better health. During the time his
Majesty was in public the whole microcosm of fashion, in car-
riages, on' horseback, and on foot, were abroad likewise, and
pleasure might figuratively -be said to be hand in hand with
exercise.

MARRIACE Tti HIGII LlFE.—Yesterday morning the Hon.
Charles Percy; son of the 'Earl of BeVerley, was married to
Miss Qreatlied, of Berkeley-square. The marriage took place
at `Marylebone Church. The ceremony was attended by the
Duke and Duchess of Northumberland, the Countess and the
Ladies AshbUrnharn, Lady S. Percy, Lord and Lady Lovaine.
After the marriage, the bride and bridegroom set out in a
chaise and four for the bride's house in Warwickshire.
The accouchement of the Duchess of LEINSTER took place
in Dominick-street, 'Dublin, on Friday last,, when her Grace
was safely delivered of a daughter. -
Mrs. Coutts'has engaged the beautiful villa on the banks of
the Thames, adjoining the gardens of tlyi Cattle Tavern, Rich-
mond, formerlyneenpied by Miss Hothani. •
- George Lazie-Fox, Esq. we are concerned to, state, is con-
fined with a severe fit of the gout, at Newmarket.
-. DRURYLANE THEATRICAL FUND.—The anni-
versary dinner of this Society was yetiterday celebrated at
the Freemasons' Tavern. His Royal Highness the Duke
of YORK was in the. Chair, supported by his Excellency
the. Spanish Ambassador on the right, and on the left. by
the Earl of Yarmouth. The guests were extremely nume-
rous, and comprised amongst them several other. Noblemen and
Gentlemen of distinction. After the cloth was removed, "Non
Domine," was sung in .fine style Mr. T. Cooke
presided over the musical department. The usual toasts
'then followed, and were accompanied by appropriated airs,
&c. When " Prosperity to the Drury Lane Theatrical
Fund" was drank, Mr. Kean, as master of the corporation,
returned thanks in a speech of considerable length, in which
he complimented the Royal President,. and other benefactors
of the, charity, and announced that the late Miss Pope had be-
queathed to it a sum of 5001. Mr. Elliston and Mr.'Cooper
were 'also amongst the speakers. The list of benefaCtions re-
ceived that day amounted to 1,3001. The singing of Miss Po-
vey, Miss Forde, and Master Smith, as well as MI. Nicholson's
Want
on the flute, received peculiar approbation.—
Want of space prevents our noticing many other meritorious
performances in the course of the evening. At eleven o'clock
the Duke of, York withdrew, upon which the Ladies retired,
leaving, we believe, Mr. Elliston about to take the chair.

RUSSIAN POETRY.

THE VOW.

The rose is my favourite flower :
On its tablets of crimson. I swore,
That up to my last living hour,
I never would think of thee more.
I scarcely the record had made,
Ere Zephyr, in frolicsome play,
On his light, airy pinions convey'd
Both tablet and promise away.

On Saturday last, at 12 o'clock, P. M. died, at the house of
his Grandmother, the Old Ladv'in Threadneedle-street, in the
' 38th year of his age, Five per Cent Esq. banker. This Gen-
' tleman was bred in.the Navy, and Victualling Offices, and has,
' for many years past, been one of the principal bankers to John
Bull, Esq. and his extensive family connections. His death
' had been long expected by the best inlikined among the mo-
nied interest, who had, accordingly withdrawn their transactions
from him ; but the larger proportion of his friends and ac-
quaintance were quite unprepared for the fatal event, and by
' them his loss will he very sensibly felt. His illness was sup-
posed to have been. occasioned by the great distresses of his
elder brother, .an extensive and once opulent farmer, who had
early lent his name to the firm, 'and contributed essentially to
its credit. The immediate cause of his death, however; was
.the sudden deprivation of his usual allowance of Malt, on which
he had subsiSted for many years. He was attended in his
last illness by the State Physician,' Dr. Vansittart, who
is reported •to have experienced the most lively joy at the de-
parture of his patient, the support of whom had latterly be-
come very troublesome. His testamentary dispositions have
been for some days known to the world. The bulk of his
fortune is left to an infant, nor yet baptised.. The sickly child
is already in a very reduced state, and is not expected to survive
his father above seven years. In default of him, the estate
goes to a near 'relation, Three Pei Cent. Esq., also a Banker.
The debts upon it are reported. to be very large. Legacies have
been left to a few of his particular friends (Dissenters) who re-
mained staunch to him in his last moments, notwithstanding
the tempting inducements to desert him.—(M. Chronicle.)
The Courier lias a paragraph which sounds something like
an apology for Sir BENJAMIN BLOOMFIELD on his retire-
ment. Never certainly was apology more uncalled for. We
have never heard even a doubt expressed as to the justice of his
claim, not merely to the approbation of the Government and
the favour of his Majesty, but to universal respect and esteem.
But there is such a thing as having too good a claim to general
respect and esteem, and too much honesty may not always be
the most efficacious means for obtaining or preserving Court
favour. This at least used 'to be said of former Courts; but
they may be changed now.—(lbid.)
T/IE SEASON.—As a knot of beaux were standing on the
Steyne at Brighton, the-Kmo drove by in an open carriage ;
one of them remarked that he was very lightly attired for the
time of year. Lord 0. replied, " that it was only another
proof of the extraordinafy mildness of the season, which had
enabled his MAJESTY to, throw of his Upper Benjamin."—
( Ibid.)
The States of Hanover have complained of an assumption of
power by the Ministers of George IV., not warranted by the
constitution of Hanover, nor consistent with the public liber-
ties. The Ministers appear, from a resolution of the States, to
have made, " without the approbation" Of the latter, a Lig im-
posing some new military duty upon the King's subjects—that is
to say, without a requisite acknowledged by the constitution ;
and from this oppressive act they appeal to the " just and pa-
ternal sentiments of his Majesty.' •We presume, therefore,
that the public officers of Hanover.are riot responsible for the
advice they give, or for the measures which they Institute.—
(The Times.)
A loan of two millions sterling has been con-
tracted for the servile of the Republic of Co-
lumbia with Mr. ZEA, 'late Vice-President, and
now Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic
at Paris, who has been invested with special
powers by his Government for that purpose. The
rate 'of interest is 6 per cent. per annum, payable
.the Ist. May and the Ist November, yearly,
,in
London, free -of all expense. The first pay-
ment to be made' the Ist of November next.---
(Morning Post.)

SUPPLEMENT to the LONDON GAZETTE

OF TUESDAY, MARCH 19, 1822.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20.

India Board, March 19, 1822

The following Copy of a Report from Lieutenant-Colonel
MAXWELL, of the East India Company's Service, to the Ad-.
jutan't-General of the Army in Bengal, dated Camp, at Mon-
groule,,October 1, 1821, has been received 'at, the East India
House :---

Sin---For the information of his EXcellency the Most Noble
the Commander-in-Chief I , have the honour to report, that
Captain Tod, political agent in the Western Rajpoot States,*
intimated to me yesterday, all hopes of. negotiation having
failed, and that I was consequently at liberty to attack the
Maharao (of Kotah) Kishore Sing, but that it was politically
expedient that the troops of the Raj Rana Zalim Sing should
be , principal, or at all events participate fully in The actiOn."
This morning both forces moved from their respective.encamp-'
meats at three and half-past three o'clock, for the purpose of
engaging the enemy near Mongroule, and found him drawn;
up irregularly to the north of the town, with a :Nullah and
broken ground in the rear. The cavalry, under the Mahara
in person, upon the right, and his infantry or detached par-
ties, with two guns, extending about &zee-fourths of a
mile on the left, . covered by a deep tank in front. On
arriving within a quarter of a mile of his position, Cap.*
min Tod was desirous of once more giving the Maharao
an opportunity of coming over, and requested. operations might
be suspended pending his proposal, but this terminating like
all former attempts, the action soon after commenced by the
Raj Rana's artillery;and six pieces, under Captain Campbell,
opening directly upon, and within three hundred and fifty
yards of the Maharao, -whose cavalry appeared devoted to-de-
struction in his behalf; but the whole of the artillery was too
well served to be resisted, beyond a few minutes, by the most
determined enemy. Unfortunately the continuation of Zalim
fire, longer than was actually necessary to break those
opposed, prevented.so immediate a charge or pursuit as might
have been wished. On its cessation the troops crossed the
Nullah, and Major Ridge, with two squadrons 4th Light Ca-
valry, soon came in sight of the principal body of the enemy's
cavalry, under the Maharao in person.—He immediately form-.
ed, and charged with the greatest promptitude ; but I am.deep-
ly concerned to add, with the loss of two brave enterprising
young officers, Lieutenants Reade and Adjutant Clerk, who .
nobly fell in the service of their country.. Major Ridge Was ,
severely, though not dangerously, wounded by a sabre in his
head ; and much as all those who admire his distinguished gal-
lantry must be concerned at his sufferings, yet considerable
consolation arises from the assurance of its .not being likely to
keep him more than a few days from: the able discharge of his
duty. The enemy :was followed up till twelve o'clock by all
the troops; and Zalim Sing's horse were then directed to con-
tinue so long as any hostile parties could be traced.
In result I have the honour to report the caPfure of two guns,
nearly the whole of the baggage, and all the camp which was
left standing, as if such a (to them) disastrous termination had
never been contemplated. It is difficult to. ascertain his loss
with perfect accuracy, but from what has fallen under my own
observation, I do not think it can be'estimated under two hun-
dred killed, including many Chiefs ; and such of their own
reports as have hitherto reached us make it five hundred. The
••Maharao's palkee ( Palanquin ), with gold and silver sticks,
have been brought. mto'the Raj Rana's camp, and his younger
brother, Maharao Pirthee Sing, is a prisoner with us, severely
and dangerously wounded. 1 come to the performance of
a most pleasing part •of my duty, in reporting generally thb
good conduct of all the troops.under my command, but my
best thanks are particularly due to Major Price, who com-
manded the right column of attack with the desired success; to
Major Ridge, and his highly distinguished corps; to the 4th
light cavalry ; to Major Kennedy, of. the sth light cavalry, for
the zeal and energy displayed throughout the day, and the
ready alacrity with which be adk,anced to the support of their
more fortunate fellow soldiers in the 4th.
The promptitude, ardour, and • indefatigable exertion of
Captain. Campbell, and his troop of native horse artillery, were
so conspicuous throughout the whole operation, as to claim my
warmest approbation and thanks ' • nor can I pass over the
exertion of Captain Farrington an
exertion artillery under'hts im-
mediate command, attached to Major Price's colunin, without
the expression of my cordial acknowledgment. Captain Mar-
tin, commanding 2d battalion 6th regiment, led on his corps
with the greatest coolness and regularity, and•soon defeated
the enemy's infantry in his front. As it was necessary to have
an Officer duly qualified attached to the troops.of the Raj .
Rana Zahn). Sing, I nominated Lieutenant M'Alillan, of the
Ist of the 6th, who was a volunteer in camp, to that important
duty ; and I feel much satisfaction in reporting his successful
exertions and able management of that force: The conduct of
those troops is highly praiseworthy, and merits my warmest
approbation. The artillery was admirably well. served, and the
wnole were firm and collected during the action. A sense of
duty induces me to acknowledge this, 'Whileat the same time
I have no hesitation whatever in declaring, that the result_
would have been, if possible, more satisfactory, had not their
presence cramped the operations of the British 'force, or had
they been so decidedly at my disposal es to have allowed me
to have availed myself of their services at discretion.
It is with much pain I enclose a list of the killed and
wounded, for, though numerically small, the .most brilliant
success would have. been dearly purchased.by the loss and suf-
ferings of those highly lamented Officers, whose names have
been already recorded in this report.
In conclusion, I have so many opportunities of noticing the
admirable exertions 'of the'Assistant-Quarter-master-General,
Captain Hall, that to enlarge upon them at'present might be
deemed superfluous: I can only add, that T this dayreceived
from him every assistance that the most active and indefatigable
mind could possihly, suggest.
My most sincere and grateful thanks are also due to Brigade
Major Spiers, Captain Cubitt, Detachment Staff, and Lieut.
Burns, of the Commissariat, for their very great exertions, and
the zeal and promptitude with which they conveyed all my. or-
ders and instructions.

I have, &c.
' . W. G. MAXWELL, Lieut.-Colonel
Commanding Field Force in Harrowtee.
Return of Killed and Wounded of a Detachment, under the
command of Lieutenant-Colonel W. G. Maxwell, in action
near Mongroule, October 1, 1821.
Two Lieutenants, two havildars, three rank and file, and six
horses, killed; one Major, four havildars, sixteen rank and
file, and one horse, wounded.
Names of Officers killed and wounded.
Killed—Lieut. Reade and Adjutant Clerk, 4th Regiment
Light Cavalry. •
Wounded—Major Ridge, severely, not dangerously, 4th Re-
giment Light Cavalry.
W. G. MAXWELL, Lieut.-Colonel
Commanding Field Force in Harrowtee..

MURDER OF MRS. DONATIA.—No satisfactory
clue to the discovery of the murderers has yet
been discovered. The police are indefatigable
in their exertions, but without success. Last
night, a long examination was taken at Bow-

street, in consequence of a pair of ladies' boots,
and a pair of ragged small clothes, very much
marked with blood, having been sold by a child
eight years old to Mrs. Haines, the keeper of
an old clothes shop, in New Round Court,
Strand. Mrs. Haines having very properly given
information of this suspicious fact, the child,
Elizabeth Rigby, together with her father and
mother, and Mary Wood, her aunt, were appre-
hended and brought to the Office. The child at
first denied all knowledge of Mrs. Haines, but
afterwards acknowledged, though in a hesitating
and doubtful manner, that she had sold her a
pair of small clothes resembling those produced.
—The other prisoners denied all knowledge of
either the boots or the small clothes ; and the
latter, on trial, were not large enough for Rigby.
—Rigby further stated that he had !dent the
evening of the murder till half-past eleven, at
the Thistle and Crown, St. Martin's-lane, in
company with one Askew, and about twelve other
persons. On this statement, a constable, was
sent for Askew, in whose bed a waistcoat marked
with blood was found. On being interrogated,
he said, that he had cut his ear some months
ago, and that the waistcoat had not Since been
washed. The suspicious small clothes were much
too large for Askew.---The prisoners were re-
manded for further examination.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

SITRACTS FROM THE DAILY MORNING PAPERS,

March '2l, 18'2'2.

[N EV/ TIMES.
A. Meeting. of the West India Ship-owners took
place yesterday, but as it was rather of a private
and preliminary nature, we only think it neces-
sary to state, that a Committee was appointed to
watch over the interests of the parties concerned.
A general Meeting of West India Planters and
Merchants is announced for to-morrow ; and thus
the great measures proposed relative to mercan-
tile navigation, will be successively brought un-
der the consideration of the different bodies most
likely to be affected by them. We have already
said, that we shall feel it a duty to the public to
allow a free but temperate discussion of this great
question in our columns ; and two letters relating
to it,from different correspondents, will be found
in another part of our paper. It is needless to
say, that we in no degree commit ourselves to the
opinions of the writers by giving them insertion.
The public will judge for itself of the force of
the respective arguments ; but we conceive that
their fair and candid statement cannot but be
productive of public good.

[BRITISH PRESS.]
The various and contradictory rumours respect-1
ing the return of the Marquis of Hastings from
India are at length set at rest. The subject was
adverted to yesterday in the Court of Proprietors
at the East India House, by Mr. It. Jackson,
for the purpose of calling forth a full explana-
tion on the subject. In answer to some questions
from that Gentleman, the Chairman stated that
the Noble Marquis had tendered his resignation,
that it was a spontaneous act, that it did not
arise from any cause of dissatisfaction, and that
the Directors regretted his determination. From
the subsequent conversation, it appears that there
is an adverse feeling in the Court to the person
who, it is presumed, is intended for his suc-
cessor. Report has hitherto assigned only two
candidates, Viscount Melville and Mr. Cannitig.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
The effort which was made last night by Mr.
Curwen to obtain a Tax on imported Tallow,
with a view to afford relief to the agriculturists,
did not receive much encouragement from the
House. We certainly were not sorry at this re-
sult; for if Mr. Curwen had succeeded in his
object, the landholders would have been enabled
to levy a considerable tax on the people of this
country. It is curious enough to hear the sort
of reasoning by which it is attempted to be
proved that a duty on imported tallow would be
beneficial to the people. According to the state-
ment of Mr. Curwen, one-third of the tallow
consumed in Rigland is derived from abroad.—
The proportion of this foreign tallow furnished
by Russia is said to be 19-20ths. A small duty
of V. per ton is levied on the exportation by the
Russian Government. Assuming the correctness
of these proportions, we may ask how it happens
that this duty only is imposed by so needy a
Government as that of Russia ? Is it not the
conviction, that instead of one-twentieth being
supplied by other countries, such a tax, by rais-
ing the price at which the Russian producer
could afford his commoditity, would enable these
other countries to send a greater proportion ? for
it is not from any want of supply that Europe
and America do not at present furnish us with
only one-twentieth, but because they cannot fur-
nish more at the present rate. We may safely
assume, therefore, that the Russian Tallow is
furnished at nearly as low a rate as possible.—
The effect of imposing a high duty per ton would
be the raising the price of foreign tallow by the
amount of this duty, and consequently raising
the English tallow to the level of the foreign.
This, of course, would put so much in the pockets
of the Landlords, but it would take as much
from the pockets of the rest of the community.

[MORNING POST.]
The Irish Papers which arrived yesterday
mention a confident expectation, that the Duke
of Devonshire, instead of visiting the Continent,
intends to reside the greater part of the ensuing
summer at his seat in the county of Waterford.— j
We have already stated, that the extensive
estates of this amiable Nobleman (unlike those of
many other land-proprietors) are under the most
liberal and excellent system of management.—
The consequence, as has been justly observed,
is that his Grace's rents are paid with punctua-
lity—his property is improving daily—and his
tenants are . grateful, prosperous, and contented.
The Duke of Devonshire has, for some years past,
expended large sums annually upon his estates in
Ireland. Many thousand pounds have been laid
out on his magnificent castle and demesne at Lis-
more ; and numerous works of general utility,
such as bridges, roads, &c. have been planned
and completed entirely at his Grace's private
cost. Thus the public have been benefited, the
poor employed, the Devonshire tenantry served,
and the country improved—and all this is the
work of a single great proprietor. What an ex-
ample to landlords, and how fortunate would it
be for Ireland if other owners of the soil would
imitate it even in part. It is scarce necessary to
say, that there is not a single Whiteboy on the
whole of his Grace's extensive estates. A meet-
ing of the Magistrates of the county of Kildare
was held oa Monday, in consequence of the pas-
sage in the Marquis Wellesley's dispatches re-
specting the state of that county. The Duke of
Leinster, Lord Cloncurry, and several others,
bore testimony to its tranquillity. The Earl of
Mayo and a few others asserted that several out-
rages had been committed ; but his Lordship at
the same time stated that the county of Kildare
was inseated through mistake for the county of
Kilkenny, in his Excellency's despatches.

[MORNING lIERALD.I
Recent accounts from Spain, particularly the
proceedings of the new Cortes, are calculated to
inspire confidence respecting the actual and pro-
spective state of that country. There is none of
that wild spirit of democracy—of that substitu-

tion of unchained passion and hot-headed theory
for moderate and practical Reform, which had
been anticipated with so much assurance by the
enemies of the Spanish Constitution. It appears,
on the contrary, that the new Assembly con-
ducts its proceedings with the same gravity,
decorum, and moderation which distinguished
the last ; and that the only point of diffe-
rence between them is decidedly in favour of
the former—namely, their examination of the
real evil which works mischief at the heart
of Spain, and their application of the best,
if not the only proper remedy. Those who
viewed the state of Spain with an impartial
eye, and a knowledge of the real causes of the
strength and weakness, the concord and disunion
of a people, never regarded the Government of
Spain as endangered by the mere drivelling foam of
some frantic or unprincipled priests, bigots, pea-
sant mountaineers, and discarded unliveried
courtiers, although magnified into an overwhelm-
ing torrent so frequently, and, as it since turns
out, so falsely, by the fosterers of slavery and
superstition throughout Europe. No : the really
vulnerable point has been the inadequacy of
the resources of Spain to meet her charges ;
and it is to secure this point that the Cortes
are labouring by the simple and efficient
method of universal and unsparing retrench-
ment. The commencement of the reductions
has the merit of rigid equity and excel-
, lent example. The Cortes has proposed to re-
, duce the allowances of its own members by a
fourth part. There is as yet no statement of the
plan of retrenchment; but the Minister calcu-
lates that it will reduce the public charges by
such a sum as to bring them within the public
income. The deficit of the revenue at present
is 197,000,000 of reals. A perfectly good un-
derstanding appears, so far as the reports of the
public proceedings afford the means of judging,
to subsist between the National Representation
and the King.
[THE TIMES.]
By the Admiral Cockburn, arrived at Dart-
mouth, advices from Pernambuco to the 11th ult.
and from Rio de Janeiro to the 19th of January,
have been received. The intelligence from both
places is highly important, as indicating a decided
disposition in both those provinces to become in-
dependent of Portugal, if, indeed, the events
that have occurred may not be considered an
actual severing of the ties that held them to
each other. It appears by the advices from Rio
de Janeiro, that on the arrival there from Lis-
bon of the order of the Cortes by which the
Prince Royal was recalled to Europe, the dis-
content of the inhabitants of all classes, which
had been suppressed while the event was
doubtful, was very distinctly manifested, and
threatened the most dangerous consequences.
A meeting of the Camara, or Legislative
Assembly, was forthwith held to deliberate
on the measures most proper to be adopted
in the existing emergency. Little time was al-
lowed, and little time, therefore, was spent in
the decision. They agreed on preparing a me-
morial or remonstrance to be presented to the
Prince Royal, representing the dangerous results
likely to follow his departure, and conjuring
him, in the name of the people, to remain in
Brazil. To give greater solemnity to the pre-
sentation of this remonstrance, they determined
on walking in procession with it to the Palace.
—They were received by the Prince with the
deference due to their functions, and their re-
quest, after a short hesitation, was acceded
to. The Prince, whatever his real sentiments,
had apparently no alternative but compliance.—
His assent was celebrated with great demonstra-
tions of joy by the whole city, which was illumi-
nated for three nights in succession. In the
midst of the rejoicings, however, a movement of
the Portuguese regiments, amounting to nearly
1000 troops, excited very general apprehen-
sion. They marched out of their quarters with
arms, and took possession of a strong fort,
situated on a hill which commanded the Royal
Palace. The Brazilian Regiments, also un-
der arms, were extremely numerous ; and
as orders were sent out on the first alarm to call
in all the militia in the neighbourhood, who
poured into the city with great promptitude, an
engagement with the Portuguese troops seemed
to be impending. The latter, noticing the de-
termined conduct of their opponents, faltered in
their resolution, and a negociation took place,
which ended in a compromise that the Por-
tuguese troops should be allowed to retain
their arms, but that they should consent to be
conveyed to the opposite side of the bay, until
vessels should be prepared to carry them to
Lisbon. This arrangement was instantly car-
ried into effect, and tit-Mr embarkation for Europe
was expected to take place almost immediately.
They were surrounded iu the mean time by a
cordon of native troops, while two or three ships
of war were anchored immediately opposite to
their quarters. Their numbers, were fast diminish-
ing by the desertion of those who determined to re-
main in Brazil, and to become private citizens.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

PREROGATIVE COURT, WEDNESDAY, lllAncii 20.

- -
SIR GEORGE POWNALL AGAINST MORLEY.
Sir JOHN NICIIOLL gave sentence on this cause to day. It
was a question as to the competency-of the late Mr. Pownall
to execute a codicil, by which he bequeathed one moiety of his
personalty, 6,0001., to an individual of the name of Morley.
It was proved in evidence, that the testator, in consequence of
a nervous disorder of long standing, became, after the fire at
the Custom-house, in which office he held a situation, in 1815,
childish and imbecile, subject to extravagant fancies and un-
founded alarms. After the death of his wife, the care of his per-
son and property devolved on Sir G. Pownall and Mr. Morley,
with whom he had been long acquainted. Sir George residing at
Brighton, the deceased was left almost under the sole control of his
intimate friend and relation Mr. Morley. Mr. Morley, shortly
before the testator's death, told Mrs. Wiglesworth, the conh-
dential solicitor-of the testator, that he had fixed his dye" upon
a nice little sum of 3,7001. Navy 5 per cents. standing in the de-
ceased's n am e;":an d that deceased was going to give it him; there-
fore he requested Mr.Wiglesworth would attend to make a codi-
cil. Mr. W., feeling some suspicion that all was not right, cau-
tioned 'Morley to beware how he acted ; and having 2 or 3 times
attended on the deceased, was convinced, from his silence and
childish conduct, that be had neither the intention nor the power
to execute such a cocidil ; and therefore firmly declined to have
any thing to do with the transaction. Subsequently, a codicil
was written out by a Mr. Jacques, the deceased's apothecary,
by which he bequeathed 3,0001. to Morley. This was the
paper opposed by Sir George Pownall, on the ground of having
been unfairly obtained from an incompetent testator. The
Court concurred in this opinion, and after severely commenting
on the conduct and evidence of Morley, the legatee, and Jac-
, ques, the apothecary, pronounced against the paper, and de•
creed all costs to be paid by Mr. Morley.

FOR THE SUN.

AGRICULTURAL DISTRESS.

MR. EDlTOR—Certain observations I sent to you
on the state of public affairs, and to which you
obligingly gave place in your valuable Papers of
the 2Gth ult. and the 14th of this month, having,
as I understand, excited considerable attention, I
am induced again to trouble you with some fur-
ther thoughts of the same description and ten-
dency. As they consist of many parts, all indeed
appertaining to the same subject, but dispersed
under many heads, I must hope for the reader's
excuse if I put my thoughts miscellaneously in
the order in which they occur to me, without a
too nice regard to order in the arrangement.
First, then, as to County Meetings. The pressure
on the landed interest of the country having been
tut too clearly proved by the feelings of every
individual connected with its cultivation, Public
Meetings for the ascertainment of the causes of
that pressure have been held in almost every
county throughout the kingdom ; but though in
many instances convened under an express ex-
ception to all party or factious motives, yet have
they generally deviated in the very first instance
into debating and party clubs, where the first
subject discussed is the supposed necessity of an
immediate Reform of Parliament, and the next
that of lowering taxes, so as to bring the Revenue
with strict economy within the means of payment
by the public, seldom or ever touching on the
real causes of the immediate griavances and then
only as it were en passant, and without giving
them that weight to which they are so well en-
titled. With regard to the primary object of
their attention, Reform of Parliament, at all
meetings held for the consideration of that sub-
ject, it has seldom been found that any two of
the leading debaters are agreed upon the means
to be proposed for the attainment of that sup-
posed salutary object : one proposes triennial,
another annual Parliaments, a third universal
suffrage, a fourth subject to certain modifications,
and so on with different shades of opinions ad in-
finitum ; all, however, tending to demoralize the
Lower House of Parliament, and render it more
independent of the other two States, consisting of
the Sovereign and Peers ; as if the placing of the
purse and the sword in the hands of popular de-
magogues, and laying the foundation of such an-
other bloody Revolution as we have lately seen
in a neighbouring kingdom, would in effect re-
store the famed Constitution of England to its
pristine elements, and give vigour to every
branch of its administration. The madness of

this is but too apparent to every reflecting, ho-
nourably intentioned mind ; yet to this are all
other considerations sacrificed, and the public
good lost sight of in endless squabbles for what
is in itself impracticable, and, if obtained, would
only tend to involve the whole community in one
common scene of ruinous convulsion and distress.
The next outcry raised at these Meetings founds
itself on the necessity of strict economy, which,
with the lowering of taxes, might equalize the
Revenue to the just and necessary demands made
on it. No man can be better inclined to a strict
observance of the former than the writer of this,
who advocates no extraordinary expences that
can be saved with any degree of advantage to
the public, or common justice to individuals,
whether creditors, ministers, or others employed
under them ; but, at the same time, he is of
opinion that the loaf may be pared too thin, and,
when reduced to the crust, leave little or nothing
for the necessary demands of Government, or the
remuneration of those whose services have been,
and are, most useful to it. With conquests and
Colonies dispersed through every region of the
habitable globe, fleets and armies, and establish-
ments, are necessary, which were not so half a
century ago, and every considerate mind will
make its allowances accordingly. As to taxes,
with a debt of from 8 to 900 millions, the interest
of which must be duly paid, and such an esta-
blishment as is absolutely necessary to the sup-
port of our empire, a certain revenue must be
obtained by taxes, few, if any, of which can be
spared from the.latest estimates of Government.
Sixty millions and upwards must be annually
raised to provide for all these necessary demands;
and were we to dismiss a thousand meritorious
and hard-working clerks from our offices, and
superannuate as many more upon trifling allow-
ances—were we to deduct 10, 20, or even 25

per cent. from the salaries of every officer, great
and small, employed under Government, it would
be found, that whilst thousands of individuals
wei e subjected to the greatest distress, the savings
to the State would be too inconsiderable to justify
that general outcry that is raised about them,
and become as it were comparatively but a drop
of water in the ocean to the general burthens
of the State. It is sufficiently obvious that a
million or two saved this way would necessarily
subject hundreds to the greatest and most un-
merited distress. Whilst it would remain to be
shewn that the distresses of the people would be
materially relieved by such measures, however
popularly, and with seeming justice, the general i
demand of strict ()economy has been pressed upon
the attention of all public assemblies. To meet
the interest of the public debt, and the payment
of an establishment reduced as low as circum-
stances permit, 60 millions are to be annually
raised on the subjects of this country. Let every
thinking man then consider what the compara-
tively trivial savings of revenue produced even to
the heart's content of the Lynx-eyed Mr. liumE
will effect towards relieving the people from
their burthens, and doing away even in part the
dreadful and immediate pressures on the landed
interest of the Country. The sole means by
which these pressures have been hitherto borne
were dependent on the credit of a paper cur-
rency. The Bank of England, issuing from 25
to 30 millions of this currency, now reduced
at a single styoke to 18, and perhaps private
bankers nearly in the same proportion ; which
issues alone constituted the principal resources
of the country, and enabled it to bear up
against all the circumstances tending to depress
it. These done away, or at least diminished, in
a very considerable ratio, that almost universal
distress, now so loudly complained of, has ne-
cessarily followed ; and should those issues by the
Bank of England and private bankers be further

diminished, the ruin of the country will be im-
mediate, and things, instead of finding their
level, become every day more desperate. The
measures suggested in the writer's former papers
on these subjects are the only means, at least
within his limited ken, at all likely to furnish
an adequate remedy, and to their speedy adop-
tion he confidently recommends the immediate
attention of the Gover►►ment, and the assent of
all well conditioned subjects resolutely minded
to promote the interests of their country, or at
least to preserve it from total and irremediable
ruin. It has been shewn, and the writer hopes
satisfactorily, that all the arguments drawn from i
relative demand and supply are founded on mis-
conception, and the premises once shewn to be
fallacious, every conclusion drawn from them falls
of course to the ground. The increase besides of
the pressure to its present intolerable degree has
been too sudden to proceed from any such source,
and is solely attributable to the sudden change
of currency, and little if any thing besides. This,
the almost sole effectual cause of all the mis-
chiefs, seems to have escaped notice, or has been
but slightly touched upon in all the public meet-
ings convened to consider the most important
subject that ever engaged the attention of any
nation iu the universe ; these meetings are called
for one distinct purpose, and their attention is im-
mediately directed to others, and Reform of Par-
liament, reduction of taxes, and strict ceconomy,
recommended as the sole panaceas for all the evils
of the State. Open but the doors of the Lower
House of Parliament to the dregs of the people,
and strip the Revenue of what is absolutely es-
sential to the payment of the interest of its im-
mense debt, and the support of its establishment,
and they consider all necessary purposes answered,
all useful objects attained, than which nothing
can be less true in the eye of the dispassionate
reasoner, or less calculated to promote a single
practical object for the real and substantial bene-
fit of the State. Before the writer concludes, he
conceives it may not be amiss to say a few words
on the subject of paper currency in general, on
which he will endeavour to be as short and ex-
plicit as possible. Paper money does not con-
stitute wealth any more than the precious metals
themselves, but is merely a representative of so
much credit, and passing from one hand to ano-
ther, as such becomes the incentive by mutual
assent to further industry. When issued from an
absolute Government, solely at the will of a
despot, or by any other Government upon the
emergency of State necessity, and not supported
by real wealth, it always sooner or later falls to
pieces, as the assignats in France, and the issues
under different denominations in America, a

thpusand dollars of which nominal currency, in
a very short time after their first issues, would
not purchase the commodities of a single one in
the precious metals. In fact, they were built on
no solid foundation at all, but simply on the
credit of those ephemeral Governments, whose
immediate pressures were relieved at the moment ;
but certain objects having been gained, and their
wars and their establishments carried on for a

limited period, they fell to pieces, as the natural
consequence of their unstable foundation in the
hands of the last holders. But not so the issues
of our Bank of England paper; created indeed
on the spur of State necessity, like the others,
but supported by the solid and substantial credit
of the country, they always nearly maintained their
equality with the precious metals, and never ex-
perienced any very material depreciation. They
fully answered every purpose of the State, with-
out loss to individuals, and enabled us to raise
more monies within the year than would be found
in gold and silver throughout all the kingdoms of
Europe. That currency continued after the
war ; prices were very tolerably sustained till
lately, when that deleterious vote of the
Commons was passed, by which the whole
system was at once overturned, and things
brought to that unfortunate pass which so
feelingly presses at this moment most especially
upon the class of agriculturists, whilst the funded
and monied property of the kingdom is enhanced
in value, and combined with the depreciation of
marketable commodities, enables the holders of
that species of property to purchase twice as
much at market as they could before with the
same money. It was stated with ,a view to produce
acquiescence in a vote founded on such evident
injustice, such substantial injury to the best and
most substantial interests of the community, that
the difference occasioned by it in marketable
prices would not exceed 2 and 3 per Cent. and
that a return to the old established currency of the
country in the precious metals would be cheaply
purchased at that rate. It is hoped, for their own
honour, that such was the opinion of that Com-
mittee, though selfish motives might without any
extraordinary stretch of the baser passions he
very fairly attributed to those who advocated the
cause in which their own interests were so per-
fectly secured at the expence of other more im-
portant classes of the public at large. This has
been, as the writer thinks, so completely esta-
blished in his former papers on this subject, as to
need no further proof ; but how men of clear
understanding, honest hearts, and unbiassed
minds, could ever be brought to acquiesce in a
plan fraught with such evident ruin to the State,
remains still a matter of astonishment, and requires
some exertion of mind to discover and explain.
The fact seems to be, that nothing was looked to
but the simple depreciation of the paper cur-
rency at the time, which upon nice calculation
being found not to exceed 2 or 3 per cent. they
supposed that such only would be the difference,
whereas the immediate consequence was the di-
minution of issues by the Bank of England
and all other Banks proportionally, which almost
instantly rendered the depreciation of prices
equal to 20 or 25 per cent. and perhaps even
more, of the consequences of which the wretched
cultivator of the soil now so very justly com-
plains. 'When that great and respectable body,
the Bank of England, was left at liberty to
pay in money or notes, no necessity existed
for the diminution of discounts ; the larger
they were the greater the profits ; but
when compelled to take up every note in
metallic currency, they naturally guarded
themselves against possible contingencies, and dis-
t counted no more bills than the gold and silver

in their coffers could meet. Upon that goad
discounts were reduced from 25 and even 30
millions to 18, and should they think it expe-
dient to reduce them still lower, say to 9, there
would be no money left in the country, but those
g millions, the issues of private Bankers, and
the precious metals in our hands, for the abso-
lutely necessary currency of the country, and the
payment of 60 millions annually to the tax-
gatherers, to meet the demands of public credi-
tors, and sustain the establishment of this great,
powerful, and, so far as real wealth and the sub-
stantial credit derived from it goes, this truly
opulent country. In that case, instead of
that level that we are told is to be found, when
things come round, we shall proceed from bad
to worse, till prices be absolutely lowered to no-
thing, and not a marketable article to be found
in the kingdom : for what, after the annihilation
of paper credit, remains in it, but the aforesaid'
diminished resources? It will be asked what
was done in the country before the Bank Re-
striction Act was passed. The plain answer to
which is, what were our then comparatively to'
our present burthens ; what our taxes to meet
them ? To which another question remains to be
asked to render the answer complete. Could
we have maintained our war a single year
without those restrictions on metallic issues ;
and might we not, at this moment, have been
prostrate at the feet of a victorious and ins
suiting enemy ? By what means, with no more
than the metallic currency of the country, could
we have raised upwards of one hundred millions►
in a single year, assisted some Allies, subsidized
others, and taken the lead we did in all Euro--
pean politics ? The very supposition of such a
possibility teems with absurdity, and cannot be-
for a month supported. If you are wise their
(I address myself to the governing' Powers of the
country), or even commonly- prudent, do not
hesitate or delay to confess your error, retrace
your steps, and restore the country to that state
of peace and plenty from which you have prema-
turely drawn it, and do not by pertinacity of
the worst description persevere in measures that
plunge the most substantial and productive por-
tion of the community into absolute despair, and
will soon involve all the remaining classes of it
in one common scene of irretrievable ruin and
destruction. I. S.
