SITTING OF JAN. 20.

Various addresses propose, as the head of the State,
General SAastiani, Viscount Chateauhriand, the Prince
of Savoy Carignan, or the Duke of Leuchtenburg. An-
other would have Colonel Fabvier appointed dictator.
In the sittings of these three days the Congress dis-
cussed also seine of the articles of the law for the organi-
zation of the Civic Guard, and some of those of the pro-
ject of constitution.

BRUSSELS, JAN. 19.—An alarming agitation prevailed
yesterday in Brussels. It is evident that there are persons
working on the minds of the people, and preparing scenes
of disorder. Numerous and even threatening assemblages
were formed about the Town-hall and elsewhere. In the
evening noisy groups traversed the streets and squares,
and though the tranquillity of the city wa; not disturbed,
it was really in danger. It is evident that the clerical
anarchists are feeling the ground, trying their strength,
and preparing for acts of violence and tumult.
During this fermentation the patrols of the civic guard
were no where in motion.

Jaw. 20.—Count Migan, colonel and chamberlain of
the Duke of Leuchtenhurg, who arrived here on Monday
from Munich, set out this morning at two o'cloek for
Paris. It seems that the King of Holland has agreed to
thearmisticeas agreed upon in Loudon.—Brussels Papers,
Jan. 2.2.

WARSAW, JAN. I 1. —The Warsaw Gazette says—
" Reports were spread the day before yesterday of move-
ments of troops, and of the arrival of couriers, but no-
thing official has been published on the subject." The
Dictator has opened at the Bank a credit for the Commis_nission of Government, for the purpose of having 100
pieces of cannon cast. The useless and superfluous
church bells shall be employed for this purpose.
Ten sew regiments of the line are to be fotmed in the
kingdom. The men to be collected from all the provinces.
On the sth the Dictator announced to the Guard of Ho-
nour, compoeed of etudenta, that front that day they would

John Gerardi Hounds moot ow Monday, at Bentley Park ;
Tuelidav, at Kirkby; Wedneoday, at Willoeley; and Friday, at
itosworih—at eleven.

"The Ba.dsworth Fox Hounds moet M Monday, at Kirby
Guide Post; Wedoesdar, at Burghwallis ; Thursday, at Wo.
musky Hall; and Saturday, at Wooley half-past ten.
Mr. Meynell's Hounds inert on Menday, at Sudbury Cop-
pice ; Thursday, at Shirley Park; and Saturday, at Blythbury—
at half-past ten.

A new sheet-iron gig, destined to carry pas-
sengerA, was launched at Paisley on Sitnttlay. She is 70
fret long, four feet nine inches on the begun, taro feet three
inches in &pill of ho!il, and weighs, without the keel,
about 17 ,wt.

STEAM CARRIAGES.—It appears from the
Mechanics' Magazine of this week, that Messrs. ilamTn
WAITE and ERICSSON'S steam-carriage,"the William lir.,
(so named by special permission of his MAJESTY), having
undergone certain repairs, rendered necessary by a serious
accident which befell it in September last, has again made
its appe 'ranee on the Liverpool railway, and been tried
repeatedly with great sneer's. " The result firmlly
established is this—that with the steam at a pressure of
two pounds, and the tender only attached, it can go aftlie
rate of fifteen miles an hour; and that with fifteen poUnds
of steam, and sixty tons gross weight, it can travel at the
rate of ten miles an hour."

It has been stated erroneously that Lord
MILTON /,ill presented the " trustees of the Coloured
Cloth Hall, at Leeds, with the sofa of 1,000/., which was
lent to them some years ago, when the Hall was built."—
Toe fact is, that Lord MILTON lent the trustees 1,000/.
on their bond, hearing interest, when that hall was raised ;
f which sem .500/. was repaid to his Lordship by the
trustees some time ago, and on the interest for t!:e remain-
inz 500/. becoming due, his Lordthip, with his charac-
teristic generosity, caused the trumets to be informed that
the bond and the debt would henceforth be con,idere i as
unnulled.—Leeds Mercury.

AMERICAN TARIFF.—One effect of this
measure Las been the importation of English yarn into thc.
Unite/ States, instead of cloth. Formerly we exported
vast quantities of cloths to Americo, but the duty imposed
by the tariff is now, including freight, &c., 184. per yard,
and we send them the yarn to make them of in the dyed
state. Immense quantities of cotton, linen, worsted, and
woollen yarns are now exported from England, and woven
in foreign countries, in some of which the power•loom is
in full operation.---Leads Mircury.

A most astounding occurrence took place on
Saturday at Gort. Mr. Buazz Form. applied to the
Bench at petty sessions for the nee of the court-house to
hod a Repeal meeting. Lord Coax at once refused ; an
altercation ensued, and Mr. FOSTER. was at length dragged
out of the court by the police. The people are said to have
been greatly inflamed. Mr. FOSTER. addressed them from
the steps of the Court, with Lord Goat at one side and
the Chief Constable on the other. The people departed
peaceably, and Mr. Fame. was not committed to prison,
as had been threatened.

On Tuesday night, between eight and nine
()mock, as Mr. JosErr( ATuttsott, jnn., of Bradley_
mills, was returning from Huddersfield, he was stopped
near the toll-bar, a short distsnce from his residence, by
three men who demanded his money. Mr. ATKINSON had
a brace of pistols in his pocket, and he pulled one of them
out, and presented it at the robbers, bat they wrested it
from him, and fired it at his head. At the critical ma_
inent Mr. ATKINsoN raised his hand, and pushed the
pistol aside, and the ball went through his bat without
doing him any other injury. The villains then took to
their heels and ran off, and Mr. ATKINSON fired his other
pistol afer them, but without effect.--Leeds Intelligencer

MARCH OF ELEGANCE.—We were rather
amused at the last Sessions by he•iring the officer of the
Court read over the names of a family of paupers, whose
settlement was the subject of dispute ; they were as fol-
low :—" Frederick, Elizabeth Julia, Theresa Matilda,
Amelia, Eugenia, Agrippa, and Emma !" This is refine-
ment with a vengeance. (We recoiled the wife of a
vender of matches, at Chester, bearing the refined names
of " Henrietta-Maria-Matilda," and a shred of mankind—
a tailor, who had as many Chrk!inia names as a Spaniard,
to wit :—John Clotworthy Skeffington Downie Hannah."
item. his godmother was a scallion in Lord SKEFFING-
TON'S kitchen.)_Esser Standard.

Extract from a letter, dated Cootehill, Jan. 7.
—" Tliih part of the country is really in a frightful state.
For several days meetings of the peasantry have taken
place, at which the total abolition of tithes, and the re-
duction of rents were agreed upon. A general meeting
was called for yesterday, at which it was expected that
several thousand persons would have attended. The
magistrates, however, being apprised of the intentions of
the :people, took such precautionary measures as for the
present at least were sufficient to overawe the peasantry
and preserve the peace of the country. A troop of dragoons
were stationed at &Hat:twat Forest—a detachment of in-
fantry from Cavan was lodged in the Market-howl. The
Ashfield and Cootehill Yeomanry were also stationed in the
tawa, but happily the troops were not called upon to act.
The few resident gentry in this neighbourhood feel so much
alarmed, that unless they are protected by the Government
they will be compelled to abandon their homes, and leave
their properties at the mercy of theyeasantry."—Northern
Whig.

We all know that Sir HUMPHREY DAVY
was the creator of electro-chemistry—that he was the in-
ventor of the safety-lamp, but few are aware that he was
al,o a poet, and that the chemist wrote the prologue to
the Honey Moon. We know that he was skilfel in
angling, for he was the author of Salmonia, but we did
not know that he was the original Green Man, and went
a fishing in a green dress, with a broad-brimmed green
hat, stuck with artificial flies, and being, in short, all
green down to his boots of Indian-rubber. He was also
an epicure of the drollest kind, for he was curious in
tasting every thing that had never been tasted before, and
interfered himself in the composition of dishes intended
for his table, thereby encountering the wrath of strange
cooks, and running serious risks in inn kitchens. We
have long heard his name eonpled with aristocratic parties,
hut we sec how he contrived to reconcile the calls of the
laboratory and the invitations of great people. He worked
to the last minute; and when he was too late for dinner,
covered his dirty shirt with a clean one, there being no
time for changing it. He has been known to wear five
strata of shirts at a time, and to have greatly surprised his
friends by his rapid transitions from a state of corpulency
to that of considerable leanness. This was when at some
moment of leisure he contrived to find time to &veil
himself of his exuvia. All Sir Huatruner's experience
in high circles (and in the plenitude of his fame tie oorn;
minded any rank) never gave him ease of mariner---he
lacked the original familiarity with polished society,di.
e-
thlids
na
rehislelsgt:
ne,pff,
cet
iha might a.ibnegAwserei
son sometimesa ahirni
jh
ss , w.
dress with d
abrante:osa:els,amae te
ed
between a dandy and a sloven,
b to teed she golden 10,114•...45pteal
vi-
bratedei from familiarity to hauteur. persono matters

MANIFESTO OF THE POLISH NATION'.

(Front Galignanis iksserrger.)

" When a nation, formerly free and powerful, finds
itself compelled by the excess of its ills to have recourse
to the last of its rights—to the right of repelling oppres-
sion by force—it owes it to itself, aml to the rest of 'the
world, to divulge the motives which have induced it to
sustain lay arms the most holy of caner. The Chambers
of the Diet have felt this necessity, and, following the
spirit of the revolution of the 29th of November, and ac-
knowledging it to be national, they have resolved tat justify
themselves in the eves of Europe.
" The infamous machinations, the vile r;alkttnnies, the
open violence, and the secret treachery, which accompa-
nied the three dismemberments of ancient Poland, are taut
too well known ; history has already branded thee," as a
political crime. The deep and awful met ming which
this violation spread throughout the tonntry has never
been laid aside, hut has been relikgiously preserved even
-until now ; the unspotted standard has never ce 'seal to
wave at the head of our valiant army ; and, in all his mi-
litary migrations, the Pole, carrying front country to
country his household Gods, has cried ova for vengeance
for the outrages committed against them. Cherishing that
noble illusion, which, like every other grand idea, has
never failed iR the end to be realised, he believed that,
whenever be fought for the cause of liberty, he was fig-ht._
ing fur his own country. This country at length t'e-esta-
blished her existence ; anal although restraint 4. within nar-
row limits, Poland received from the Great Warrior of the
age her native language, her rights, and liberties—pre-
cious gifts again augmented by the greatest of hopes. From
that moment his cause became ours—our blood became his
right ; anal when his Allies and Heaven itself abandoned
him, the Poles, preserving their fidelity, participated in the
disasters of the hero, anal the common fall of the Great
Man and an unfortunate nation drew involuntary sears
from the Conqueror himself.

" This sentiment had produced too strong an impres-
sion. The Sovereigns of Europe, in the midst of the
combat, had promised with too much solemnity to give
durable peace to the world ; to admit that the Congre,s
of Vienna, upon their again dividing our country amongst
them as spoil, should not in some degree soften the fresh
outrages committed against the Poles. A nationality and
a reciprocal freedom of commerce was guar..nteed to every
p rt of ancient Poland ; and that which the great
European conflict had found independent, parcelled out
( f three sides, received the title of kingdom, and was
pl iced under the immediate dominion of the Emperor
Alexander, with a separate Ckarter, and the power of
being enlarged.

" In execution of these stipulations, he granted a free
Constitution to the kingdom, and gave to the Poles, sub-
ject to the domination of Russia, a gleam of hope that
they might shortly be united to their brethren. The
gifts, however, were not gratuitous ; he had previously
contracted obligations towards us, and we, on our part,
had made sacrifices in return. Before and during the de-
cisive struggle, the brilliant promises made to the Pelea
who were subject to the sceptre of Alexander, and the
suspicions raised with respect to the intentions of Napo-
leon, prevented more than one Pole feem declaring i❑ his
favour. The Emperor of Russia was only faithful to his
pro:nises in proclaiming himself King of Poland, but as
to that n itionality—those liberties which were to become
the guarantees of the peace of Europe, we were forced to
purchase them at the price of our independence, that first
condition of the political existence of nations, as ifs durable
peace could be established upon the enslavement of
16,000,000 of people—as if the annals of the world had
not taught us that, even after an interval of ages, nations
reduced to foreign subjection did not always recover that
independence which had been destined for them by the
Creator from the beginning of time, and having separated
them from other nations in language and customs—as if
this lesson was forgotten by Governments, that people op-
pressed ever become the natural allies of whoever may
happen to rise up against their oppressors.
" But these conditions, though arbitrarily imposed, were
not fulfilled : the Poles were not long before they became
convinced that the nationality and the title of kingdom,
given to Poland by the Emperor of Russia were but a lure
to their brethren, subject to other States—but a weapon
against those same Sta'es—and but a mere chimera to
those to whom they had been guiranteed. They became
convinced that, under the shelter of these sacred names, it
was intended to reduce them to a servile degradation, and
weigh them down by all the inflictions of a continued des-
potism, and the loss of the dignity appertaining to man.
The measures taken against the army first drew aside the
veil that covered this mysterious plan. The most cruel
outrages—the most infamous punishments—the most re-
fined persecutions ordered by the Commander- in- Chief,
under the pretence of maintaining discipline, hut the real
object of which was to destroy that feeling of honour, that
national dignity, which characterized our troop-, we,e in-
vented and enforced. Faults the most trifling were deemed
and treated as most serious offences—the slightest supicion
converted into proofs of breach of discipline—and the
Commander-in-Chief, by his arbitrary eontroul over the
Court-martial, rendered in fact the sole arbiter of the life
and honour of each individual soldier. The nation be-
held with indignation the decrees of these Courts repeatedly
quashed, until at length their decisions attained the de-
gree of severity that was required from them. Many
members, in consequence, sent in their resigna ion ;
many, personally insulted by the Commander-in-Chief,
purified by their own blood the outrages that had been
committed upon them, and, at the same time, showed
that it was not the want of true courage, but the fear of
compromising the future state of their country, that with-
held their arms from falling a vengeance upon their op-
pressors.

" On the meeting of the first Diet of the kingdom, a
renewal of the solemn promises that the blessings of a
Constitution should be extended to our brethren, who
were to he re-united to us, revived extinguished hopes,
and caused the moderation to reign in the Chambers which
was their only end and object. The freedom of the Press,
and the publicity of the proceedings of the Diet, were
only tolerated in so far as they gave vent to the hymns
and praises of a subjugated people in honour of their all-
powerful conqueror ; but when, after that Diet was
closed, the public journals continued to discuss public
affairs, a severe censorship was introduced ; and on the
meeting of the following D'et, which proposed to itself the
same object as the former, the representatives of the people
were persecuted for the opinions they delivered in the
Chambers. The Constitutional States of Europe will be
astonished when they learn what has been so carefully
concealed front them ; when, on the one hand, they be-
hold the wise and moderate use the Poles have made of
their liberty, the veneration they have shown for their
Sovereign, his religion and customs uniformly treated
with respect, and on the other, the bad faith with which
power has been used, not content with despoiling an un-
happy people of their rights, but imputing the horror of
these violations to the unbridled exercise of their freedom.

" The placing in union upon one head the Crowns of
an Autocrat and of a Constitutional King was one of
those political monstrosities which are never of long du-
ration. Every man foresaw that the kingdom of Poland
must become either the nursery of liberal institutions fur
Russia, or sink under the iron hand of its despoesin.
This question was soon resolved. It appears that, at one
moment the Emperor Alexander conceived he might con-
solidate his arbitrary power with our liberal laws, and
thereby secure for himself a new influence over the affairs
of Europe. But he was soon convinced that liberty could
never become so debased as to be the blind instrument of
despotism ; and from that time, instead of her defender,
became her persecutor. Russia lost all hope of ever see-
ing the yoke by which she was oppressed taken off by the
hand of her Sovereign, and Poland saw herself successively
deprived of all her privileges. No time was lost in car-
rying this design into execution. Public education was
corrupted, A system of concealment and mystery was
adopted, the people were left without means of instruc-
tion, a whole Palatinate was deprived of its representation,
and the Chambers no longer allowed the faculty of voting
the supplies. New burdens were imposed, new monopo-
lies created to dry up the sources of national wealth ; and
the treasury, enriched by these measures, became the pas-
ture of safari d sycophants, infamous hireling instigators,
and vile and despicable spies. Instead of the economy so
repeatedly called for, pensions were augmented in a most
scandalous degree, to which were added enormous gratui-
ties, and offices created solely with the view of augment-
ing the number of the Government satraps.
" Calumny and espionage were carried into the secret
circles of private families, and, the freedom of private life
infected with the poison, the ancient hospitality of the
Poles became a snare for their innocence. Individual
liberty, which had been solemnly guaranteed, was violated,
and the prisons of the State became crowded ; councils of
war were authorised to pronounce judgment in civil cases;
and citizens, whose only fault was a wish to save the spirit
arid character of the nation from corruption, were sub-
jected to infamous punishments. It was in vain that
some of the authorities of the kingdom, and the represen-
tatives of the people, laid before the King a faithful pic-
ture of the abuses coonnitted in his name, for not only
were the abuses suffered to remain unsuppresssed, but the
responsibility of the Ministers and the Administrative au-
thorities was paralysed by the immediate interference of
the brother of the Emperor, and by the exercise of that
discretionary power with which he was invested. This,

monstrous authority, 'the source of the greatest a'bus'es, and
which Might wound the personal dignity of eVery indivi-
dual, had become so infatuated, that It even 'dared to call
before it citiiens of every 'r to and centlitiOn, merely to
load them with inmate, and at times to subject them to
digrace'ful tr‘blic 'tabours, reserved for 'the Vilest convicts;
as if Proviifence, by perMitting ttem 'to carry their out-
rages against the people to the very utmost pitch, had des-
tined their inordinate abo,2c nf authority to be the exciting
cause of our inptrrettion.
" Af..er no many affronts, after so manifest '7:oiittiOn
,of ttse guarantee sworn—a violatiMl w!..ilch no legitimate
Government in any civili,ed '..:;Cidntry would have allowed
itself with impurrirn and which, a fortiori, may justify
our insurrtsAion against an authority imposed by force—
wlr., Will not consider that this authority has broken off all
alliance with the ndiion, that it hos upptssed it ‘)eii,:atli
the yoke of slavery, that it ims giVn khe 'ri.Olt at every
instant to burst its fellers attd forge Ihe'lik into arms ?
" The picikire of the iiiSksters of our brethren may be
superfluous, 'bet teat'il forbids us to pass it over. The
provintes formerly incorporated with RUs-ia have not heen
reunited to the kingdom. Our beethren ;rave not been
,idinitted to the enjoyment Of al's: liberal institutions stipu-
lated by the Congt,,:o m Vienna ; on the contrary, the
national recolh.?•A':ons awakened in them, first by promises,
and encs%ragement, and then by a long expectation, be-
came a crime against the State, and the Kiug of Poland
caused to be prosecuted, in the ancient provinces of
that State, such Poles os bad dared to call themselves
Poles. The youth or: the schools were particularly the ob-
jects of trrs,&ution : young children were torn from their
ire,.ther's breast; the issue of the first fir!,ailies were trans-
ported to Siberia, or were f,,rceti to enter into the ranks
of a corrupt soldiery. In official documents and judicial
examinations the Polish language was suppressed ; the
Polish !:ribiinals and civil law were annihilated by Ukases,
alAlses of administration reduced the landed proprietors to
misery, and since the acc-ssion of N:eholas to the throne,
the state of things had constantly been growing worse.
Religious in,elrarica itself employed every means to cch-
solidate the united Greek ritual upon the ttlihs of the Ca-
tholic ritual.

" In the kingdom, ttt:mugh none of the liberties gua-
ranteed by th-st 'Constitution were observed, these liberties,
suppretztA de facto, nevertheless continued to exist de
147 e. It was precisely this existence de _lure that it was
necessary to undermine. We then saw that additional
article to the Constitutien s.ppear, which, setting forth a
specious solicitude for• the maintenance of the Charter, de-
stroyed one of its principal provisions by depriving the
Chambers of the publicity of their proceedings and the
' support of public opinion, and which, above all, was to
consecrate the prirriple that it was allowed to cut up at
will the fiet.lamental compact, and thereby entirely
aludith the Charter, as one of its articles had been abolished.
it was under these auspices that the Diet of 1825 was
convoked, from which it was sought, by all manner of
means to discard the most intrepid defenders of our li-
berties i a Nuncio, who had just taken part in the delibe-
rations, was carried off by main force, surrounded by gen-
darmes, and held captive for five years, till the moment
when the revolution broke out. Deprived of its force,
shut up, threatened with the loss of the Charter, and
mistzd by fresh promises of the ancient provinces being
reunited to the kingdom, the Diet of 1825 followed the
example of that of ISIS ; but these promises remained
without effect, and the petitions which prayed for the re-
storation of our liberties were rejected.
" The general indignation of the well-disposed inh•ibi-
tants, and the exasperation of the whole nation, had long
been bringing on the storm, the approach of which began
to appear, when the death of Alexander, the accession of
Nicholas to the throne, and the oath he took to maintain
the Constitution, seemed to promise us a cessation of
abuses and the return of our liberties. This hope soon
vanished, for not only did things continue as they were,
but the revolution at St. Petersburgh even served as a
pretext to imprison and bring to trial the most distinguished
individuals of the Senate, the Chamber of Nuncios, the
army, and the citizens. In a short time the prisons of
the capital were filled. Every day fresh buildings were
appropriated to receive thousands of victims, sent to War-
saw from every part of Old Poland, and even from parts
subject to foreign Governments. Upon the native soil of
liberty were introduced tortures which came(' humanity
to shudder. Death and suicide constantly diminished the
number of the unfortunate victims, who were sometimes
left forgotten in small and damp dungeons. In contempt
of every law, a special Committee of Inquiry was insti-
tuted, composed of Russians and Poles, most of them
military men, a ho, by protracted tortures, by promises of
pardon and insidious questions, only sought to extort from
the accused the confession of an imaginary crime. It
was only after an imprisonment of one year and a hall
that the high National Court was established, for, as in
spite of every law, imprisonments had been criminally
prolonged to a degree that several victims had died
in prison, it became absolutely necessary to render
this measure legal. The conscience of the Senate
disappointed his expectation, and the accused, who had
been groaning in prison for two years, were acquitted
of any crime against the State. This decision, from that
period, removed all distinction between the accused and
their Judges. The former, notwithstanding the sentence
which proclaimed their innocence, instead of being set at
liberty, were conveyed to St. Petersburgh, where they
were imprisoned in forts, and up to this moment several
have not been restored to their families. The latter were '
detained for nearly a year at Warsaw, for having shown
themselves independent Judges. The publication and exe-
cution of the sentence was stopped. It was submitted to
the examination of the administrative authorities, and
when, at length, out of some regard for Europe, it was
found necessary to publish it, a Minister carried his auda-
city so far as to degrade the national Majesty, by repri-
manding, in the name of the Sovereign, the highest Magi-
stracy of the State, in the exercise of their most exalted
functions.

" It was after such acts that the Emperor Nicholas re-
solved to be crowned King of Poland. The representatives
of the nation being summoned, were silent witnesses of
this ceremony, and the new oaths were soon violated again,
for no abuse was suppressed, not even the discretionary
power. Even on the day of the Coronation the Senate
was filled with new Members, who did not possess the
qualifications required by the Constitution, the only gua-
calve of the independence of their votes. An illegal loan,
and the alienation of national domains, were intended to
render movable and disposable the immense landed pro-
perty of the State. But Providence directed that the
large sums proceeding from the partial execution of this
plan, should not be squandered away, but be used in arming
the nation.

" In short, the last consolation, which, under the reign
of Alexander, enabled the Poles to support their misfor-
tunes—namely, tl.e hope of seeing themselves reunited to
their brethren, was taken from them by the Emperor
Nicholas. From that moment all ties were broken. The
sacred tire which had long been prohibited from being
kindled upon the altars of the country, was secretly burn-
ing in the hearts of all well-disposed men. One thought
only was common to them—namely, that they should no
longer endure such slavery. But the Government itself
hastened the moment of its explosion. In consequence of
repocts, daily corroborated, of a war against the liberty of
the nations, orders were given to put upon the war establish-
ment the Polish army destined to march ; and, in its place,
the Russian armies were to occupy the country. Con-
siderab'e sums, proceeding from the loan and the sale of
the national domains, deposited at the bank, were to cover
the expenses of this deadly war against liberty. Arrests
again took place; every moment was precious. Our army
—our treasure—our resources—our national honour—
averse to rivet chains upon the necks of other nations, and
to fight against liberty and our former companions in arms,
were at stake. Every one shared this feeling; but the
heart of the nation—the focus of enthusiasm, the youth of
the army and of the colleges, as well as a great part of
the garrison of Warsaw, and of the citizens impressed
with this sentiment, resolved to give the signal for the in-
surrection. An electric spark in a moment inflamed the
army, the capital, and the whole country. The night of
November 29 was illuminated by the tire el lil;erty. In
one day the capital was delivered ; in a few days all the
divisions of the army Were united by the same sentiment,
the fortresses occupied, the natives armed, the brother of
the Emperor, with the Russian troops, relying upon the
generosity of the Poles, and owing his safety to this step
alone. Such were the acts of this heroic, noble revolu-
tion—which is as pure as the enthusiasm of the you'll
whose offspring it is.
" The Polish nation have risen from their abasement
and degradation, with the firm resolution no longer to bend
beneath the iron yoke, which has just been broken, and
not to lay down the arms of their ancestors, until they
have regained their independence and power, the only
guarantee of their liberties ; until after having secured
the enjoy went of these liberties, which they claim upon a
twofold right—namely, as the honourable heritage of their
forefatbers, and as the urgent want of the age ; and, finally,
until after being reunited to their brethren, subject to the
yoke of t
them,
Cabinetelm,theyehao
llf St.ha Pte
yetenardsbuethrgehm, de-
liveredsahnadrehrsavoifngtheirwb by ahnayv
en aa t ieoonma
na ter erdi g
iang a;i nosnt
tthe Re
ou
hs st irinr
liberties and independence. We have not been influenced
watiththNevhfiorient
moment we felt pleasure, upon the loss of our indepen-
, denee, in thinking that, although our reunion under the

same sceptre was injurious to our intertits,-Yet it might
cause a population of forty
,'mil !ions to pArtake of the en-
joyment of 'constitutional liberties, which in the whole
civilised world, had become equally necessary both to na-
tions and sovereigns.

" Convinced that our liberty and independence, far from
having been hostile to the neighbouring States, have, on
the contrary, served, at all times, as an equilibrium and
shield to Europe, And may now become more useful than
evr'f, we appear in the presence of Sovereigns and nations,
with the assurance that the voice of policy and humaNity
will be equally heard in our favour.

" If even, in this struggle, the dantr.erg of tt;1111-..11 wt do
not conceal front ourselves, ',Vette to light alone fur the
interest r.f all, f\,!ll. of conildence in the sanctity of our
cat!.se, in our own valour, and in the assistance of the
ALikiIGIITY, we will tight till our last gasp for liberty;
and if PROVIDENCr have destined this land to perpetual
slavery ; it in this last struggle, the fitedom of Poland is
to fall heneath the ruins of its towns and the bodies of its
def,ntitna, our enemy shall only reign over deserts, and
every good Pole, when dying, will carry with him the
consolation, that if Heaven has not permitted him to save
his own liberty and his own country, he has at least, by
this deadly combat) placed the liberties of threatened
Europe under shelter for a moment."

t !fere follow the signAttres of the persons who drew up
the Manifesto, the ComMitted of the Diet appointed to give
their opinions upon it, the Marshal of the Diet, and the
Secretary of the Chamber of Nuncios.]

The following telegraphic despatch, addressed by the
Prefect of the Department of the Phone, to the 'Minister
of the Interior, was received yesterday :
" Lyons, Jan. 20.
" 'Yesterday, ahouf half-past eleven o'clock, GOO or 800
workmen assembled at Les Brotteaux, with the intention
of proteeding upon the town to demand employment, and
in 'ease of refusal, committing acts of violence upon the
manufacturers and bankers, or upon the convents. Hav •
in b..en informed thereof, xe took measures in conse-
quence. Several orators were arrested, and placed in the
bands of the judicial authorities. These mobs were dim-
perscd at five o'clock in the evening, and perfect tranquil-
lity
has since prevailed. The National Guards conducted
themselves in a praiseworthy manner, as did the pubic
functionaries, and especially M. Terme, Mayor ad interim,
who displayed great firmness and presence of mind."
During the sitting of the Tribunal de Pi emiere Instance,
on Wednesday, one of the parties in the cause before the
Court, M. Grenier, a colonist of St. Domingo, expe-
rienced an attack of apoplexy, and died in the arms of the
persons who carried him out of the hall.

The following account of the revelations of a priest, and
the arrest of an emissary of conspirators is given by a let-
ter of the Ittli instant from Perpignan :—" The day be-
fore yesterday, at three o'clock in the morning, at
the moment when the diligence for Spain was on the
point of setting out, the gendarmerie arrived at the inn
and arrested one of the travellers. The following are the
details I have been able to procure relative to this occur-
rence :—On the 10th, a priest presented himself at the
Prefecture, and stating that he had important communi-
cations to make, was immediately admitted to an audience
of the Prefect. He then related that an individual had
been recommended to him, who had revealed to him the
plans of a conspiracy in which he was engaged. He stated
that the chief seat of the conspirators was at Lyons, and
they had formed themselves upon the system of the Car-
bonari—th ,t the associates amounted to between 15 and
20,000, and their object was to overthrow the present
Government and replace Charles the Tenth or raise Henry
the Fifth to the throne. The person who came to him
was one of the emissaries of the Association. He was
travelling through the South, furnished with letters to the
Bishops, from whom he even received recommendations ;
the Bishop of Nismes was the only prelate who as yet had
repulsed him. The conspirators intended to embark for
Genoa, and thence to proceed to Spain, there to farm them-
selves into a legion, and return into France, bringing
with them civil war. They were not, however, as yet
assured of the disposition of the Governors of Figueras,
or of the General commanding in Catalonia, and the per-
son [maw at Perpignan was on his way into Spain, in
order to ascertain it. He was to come back into France
after having conferred with the Count d'Espagne, and
the Governor of Figueras, in order to direct the conspi-
rators into Catalonia. He had with him a golden cross
surmounted by a silver crown. The Prefect, after having
received this confidential information, immediately wrote
to Paris. On the Ilth, he learnt that the secret emissary
had obtained his passport, and was to set out the next
day. He called a Council, acquainted them with what he
hid been told, and demanded their advice whether he
should proceed to arrest the traveller. The greater nuna-
her were for suffering him to go on into Spain, and watch
for hint on his return. But the Prefect had written to
the Minister, and was fearful of compromising himself if
the arrest was not immediately made. This consideration
prevailed, and at nine o'clock at night the arrest was de-
cided upon. The priest was sent for, and the Magistrate
received his deposition, which it is said was very circum-
stantial. At one in the morning the warm ant for the arrest
was issued. When the gendarmerie proceeded to seize
the person of the accused, whose name is Cyprien Die-
marts, or Des Issarts, he made great complaints that the
liberty of the subject was violated in his person. On being
taken to prison he displayed the most perfect calmness. No-
thing was found upon him that confirmed the accusation.
He conversed cheerfully with M. Boinen, the examining
Magistrate previous to the commencement of the interro-
gation. The questions were at first general, and Des
Issarts, persuaded that he had been detained upon bare
suspicion, answered with the greatest assurance, but as
they became more direct he turned pale, and replied only
by monosyllables. He was asked if he had not a gold
cross surmounted by a silver crown ? This he distinctly
denied ; nevertheless, such a cross was found among his
baggage. After the conclusion of his examination, war-
rants of his arrest were issued against several persons at
Montpellier and Lyons. Yesterday a search was made in
the house of M. Duvivier, known for his attachment to
the Ex-Royal Family, and who, it appears, had been
visited by Des Issarts. No discovery was made, nor were
the certificates of the Bishops found upon the prisoner;
but, it is said that, having become aware that persons
were prowling about the hotel in which he was lodging,
he had taken tlie precaution to burn them. In the even-
ing before his arrest, Des Issarts inquired of an artillery-
man of the National Guards who was on duty, the num-
ber of men who were in the National Guard, their ge-
neral opinions, and the spirit of the people that lived
upon the frontiers. Theme is every reason to believe that
he was but little satisfied with the answers he received."

The National, of Saturday last, contains an angry re-
ference to the proceedings of the Ministry, which we sub-
join ; the only fact which is entitled to the notice of a
British reader is, however, that which confirms the ac-
counts we had previously received of the energetic prepa-
rations for war now making by France:—
