TEWKESBURY.

Now that our county elections are over, and have so
gloriously terminated by the complete triumph of inde-
pendent principles in both divisions of our county, allow
me to lay before your readers a brief sketch of the struggle
we have had to wrest the independence of this borough
from the iron grasp of corporate despotism and tyranny--
a struggle, I trust, unexampled throughout the kingdom,
for moral turpitude and baseness. Bribes and threats, and
intimidations the most despicable (such that even an im.
becile Tory faction should be ashamed of), and for which
the base perpetrators are now looked upon with unutter-
able contempt, were tried in vain. To one, 1001. was
offered to induce him to sell his conscience; to another a
horse, to ride off during the election, and any sum to en
joy himself; to a third, parental authority was resorted te,
to compel sons to violate promises solemnly and repeatedly
given : whilst to numberless others the total ruin of their
business has been threatened if they dared to act honestly,
and conscientiously exercise their newly-acquired boon.
Proud, very proud, am I to record the electors of Tewkes-
bury sternly resisted every effort to turn them from their
honourable purposes (except a few who have rendered
themselves infamous by violating their promises), and by
so doing we gloriously attained the object of ours earest
wishes, in the downfall of a corrupt Tery faction, d the
return of two honest and truly independent representatives
to Parliament. The scenes I have witnessed within the
last 14 days fully ccovince me the vote by ballot is the only
mode that can be adopted to protect the honest (though
poor) voter in the upright discharge of his elective
franchise.

WEST RIDING REPRESENTATION.--It is a great satis-
faction to us to know that in the whole of the West Riding
of the county of York, in which we have so long laboured
to promote the principles of Reform, not one single Tory
candidate has been returned to Parliament, either as a
knight of the shire or as a borough member.--Leeds
Mercury.

sCOTat EhEcTtoNs.

PERTHSHIRE.
NOMINATION OF THE CANDIDATES.

Friday last being the day fixed by the Sheriff for the
nomination of the candidates for the county of Perth, the
Right Honourable Sir George Murray and the Earl of
Orrnelie, with their respective friends, appeared on the
hustings in the front of the Coubty-hall, at 12 o'clock.
Mr. KEAY, of Snaigo, proposed Sir George Murray ;
JAMES OLIPHANT, Esq., of Gask, seconded the nomination.
The Hon. JOHN STUART proposed Lord Ormelie ;
Mr. FERGUSON, of Woodhill, seconded the nomination.
Sir G. MURRAY said—l have acted with liberality on
all political subjects, and also on those subjects con-
nected with liberty of conscience, and on all subjects con-
nected with religion. I have at all times concurred in
the desire for the abolition of the Teat and Corporation
Acts, because, although it was truly said by those who
defended that matter that no practical grievance resulted
from it on account of the Indemnity Bill, annually brought
into Parliatnent, yet it appeared to me as an insult to
the religious feelings of a portion of the community. In
like manner I have acted, spoken, and voted in support of
the Catholic Relief Bill, because my principles are,
and always have been, that the greatest latitude
should be allowed to men on every thing con-
nected with religion. It has been stated by those op-
pos. d to me that I have been at all times hostile to Reform.
I have seen it repeatedly in the newspapers that I was at
all times an enemy to the extension of the elective franchise.
Those statements were diametrically opposed to the
truth, because, before the change of Government, before
the Reform Bill was brought forward, I expressed myself
as being willing to discuss any measure of Reform ; and
so extensive were my views on the subject that those who
heard me declared in their places in the House of Com-
mons, and that on the same night after I had spoken, that
it appeared I was willing to give every thing short of uni-
versal suffrage. The subject of pledges has been much
discussed during the present elections. I may state that I
am not one of those who object to pledges. I have no
objection to pledges, but they must be pledges on general
principles. I have no objection, however, to pledge my-
self ; none to pledge myself in regard to the extinctio❑ of
slavery, and to advocate as speedy an abolition of that sys-
tem as is convenient with the good of the slaves them-
selves. I have no objectio❑ to pledge myself to support
every measure bywhich British industry may be perfected.
I have no objection to pledge myself to every measure be-
neficial, whether to trade, to agriculture, or to manufac-
tures. I believe that of late years a strong bias has pre-
vailed in favour of the adoption of theories of free trade,
but I am against proceeding rashly to the adoption of
general theories. I have no objection also to pledge my-
self to use my utmost endeavours to remove every existing
abuse, to the strictest economy in every part of the public
expenditure, to the abolition of all useless offices not ne-
cessary for carrying on the business of the State.
Lord ORatELIE, in a lengthened address, dwelt upon
the opinions which he entertained on the question of
Reform, and described his Gallant Opponent as an enemy
to the extension of the elective franchise. His Lordship
stated that he claimed their support as a Reformer. He
admitted the splendid military talents of the Gallant Offi-
cer, whom he had viewed as the most liberal of his party.
His Lordship asserted that Sir George was a member of
the ])uke of Wellington's Administration at the time of
the Test and Corporation Acts.—(Sir George Murray, in
reply to this statement, denied that such was the fact, and
Lord Orrnelie apologized.)—He then proceeded to animad-
vert upon the public conduct of Sir George, which he
characterized as deficient in attention to the interests of
the country. His Lordship concluded by calling upon
the electors to give their votes in the cause of Reform,
and retired amidst enthusiastic cheers.

A poll having been demanded, the SHERIFF adjourned
the proceedings, and appointed Wednesday, the 26th inst.,
:t nine o'clock, A.M., for the commencement of the poll-

. ,
ing in the different districts in the county.—Edinburgi
Evening Post.

(From the Edinburgh Evening Courant of Monday.)
BERWICKSHIRE.—At the final close of the poll on
Friday, the numbers were :
Marjoribanks. Maitland.
67 128
149 37
138 97
104 128

Lauder
Greenlaw
Dunse
Ayton

Majority for Mr. Marjoribanks 133
COUNTY OF LANARK.—The state of the poll on the
first day (Thursday) was -.
For Mr. Maxwell
Mr. Buchanan 597
Mr. Hamilton 2B

......
When the result of this day's poll had been ascertained,
Mr. C. Buchanan immediately sent expresses to the She-
riff, at the different polling places, intimating that he had
retired from the contest.

KINCARDINESHIRE.—On Friday, the nomination of
candidates for the county of Kincardine took place, in the
hustings in front of the Court House, Stonehaven. Mr.
Barclay of Ury proposed General Arbuthnott, which
was seconded by Mr. Scott of Brotberton. Mr. Moir of
Park proposed Mr. Burnett, which was seconded by Mr.
Anderson, Pitcarrie. On a show of hands being called
for, the show was in favour of Mr. Burnett; and a poll
being demanded on the part of both candidates, the Sheriff
appointed the polling-days to-day and to-morrow.
CLACKIIANNAN AND KINROSS SHIRES.—The polling
for these counties commenced on Friday, at 4 o'clock ; the

numbers were :
For Admiral Adam
For Mr. Bruce 179

Majority ..

307

ARGYLLSHIRE. —The election for this county took
place on Friday, at Inveraray, when .1 Imes H. Callan-
der, Esq , of Ardinglass, was returned without opposition.
ABERDEENSHIRE.—On Wednesday the nomination of the
candidates for the representation of this county took place at
the :llarket•cross, Aberdeen, where an immense concourse
of people had assembled. Lord J. Hay came forward and
proposed the Hon. Capt. Gordon. The hissing and yelling
were so tremendous, that even those on the hustings who
were close to Lord James could with difficulty bear what
he said. Mr. Grant, of Monymu-k, seconded the motion
made by Lord James Hay. Sir John Forbes, of Craiegivar,
then came forward, and proposed Sir Michael Bruce, which
was seconded by General Hay.
The polling commenced on Friday, and at 4 o'clock the
numbers were—

.., .. _
Capt. Gordon. Sir M. Bruce,
Aberdeen 132 166
Tarland
Huntly, 2 o'clock 7O 121
Inverury
Ellon
....

Strichen
Alford 139 83
Turritf ll5 112

Ills 945
Each candidate had polled eight at Aberdeen on Satur•
day morning.
BANFFSHIRE.—The result of the poll for the county o:
Banff was—
For (Pitfour) Captain Ferguson
For Colonel Gordon l4B

Majority for Captain Ferguson 167
GREENOCK.—Friday the polling commenced with great
spirit at nine o'clock, and finished at half-past twelve by
Mr. Farrie resigning the contest. At the close the pol'
stood thus :
Mr. Wallace
Mr. Farrie

493
262

Majority

- -
KILMARNOCK BURGHS.-On Thursday, the votes in
favour of Mr. Campbell, of Craigie, and Captain Dunlop,
were exactly equal. At the close of the poll on Friday,
Captain Dunlop was found, on the whole, to have a majo-
rity of seven. In Rutherglen, he bad a minority of 5, in
Renfrew of 11, and in Dumbarton 36. In Port-Glasgow,
he had a majority of 14, and in Kilmarnock of 35.
FALKIRK BURGHS.—The state of the poll on Friday
was

...... _
Dillon. Murray.
Falkirk 133 113
Airdrie lO6 29
L;inark lO3 2.,
r Hamilton
Linlithgow

483 335
The poll closed on Saturday, when we understand Mr.
Gillon was the successful candidate.

ST. ANDREW'S BURGHS.—The poll commenced on
Friday morning at nine for the burghs, and at two, the
numbers were—For Mr. Andrew Johnstone, 136 ; and
30 for Sir Ralph Anstruther. At that hour a messenger
arrived from St. Andrews, with the state of the poll there,
which was 131 for Mr. J., and 66 for Sir Ralph. Soon
after this Provost Dalzell, Sir Ralph's brother-in-law, an-
nounced that Sir Ralph, seeing from the state of the poll
that he had HO chance of success, bad resolved to with-
draw from the contest. Mr. A. Johnston will, therefore,
be declared duly elected.
MONTROSE BURGiis....The contest for this dietrict of

hiitgh trirninaterl on Satur,lay, wilco Mr. Ross was le,
elected by a large majority. At the close of the poll the
numbers were as follows:

Mr. Ross. Mr. Chalmers.
Montrose 365 58
Arbroath 225 192
Brechin
Forfar lO3 159
Bervic 29 6

796 534
Majority for Mr. Ross 9.62

DUMFRIES, DEC. 21.—0 n Monday last, Mr. Cutlir
Fergusson, of Craigdarroch, walked over the course, for
the third time, as representative for the stewartry of Kirk-
cudbright. His first election, when opposed by the late
General Dunlop, was carried by a single vote; but since
that period, a great change indeed appears to have come
over the dream of the constituents, whether of the new
or old school. The same day the electors entertained their
representative, in place of receiving a dinner from him,
according to the fashion of the olden times. Nearly 100
gentlemen assembled round the Chairman, and the evening
was spent with the greatest conviviality. Craigdarroch
was more than ordinarily happy ; fairly rose above him-
self, warmed and fired every heart, by the expression of
his sympathy in favour of Poland, and went a good way
to realize the description of the poet—
" Whose eloquence, brightening whate'er it tried,
Whether reason or fancy, the gay or the grave,
Was as brilliant, and deep, and as rapid a tide
As ever bore freedom aloft on its wave."
On Wednesday, Mr. Hope Johnstone was unanimously
re-elected Member for Dumfriesshire. A number of
country gentlemen attended him to the hustings, and the
attendance of voters of a different class was much more
numerous than could have been expecte(' considering the
total absence of every thing in the shape of opposition.
J. H. Maxwell, Esq., of Munishes, proposed Mr.
Johnstone in a most judicious speech, and the nomination
was seconded by General Sharpe of Hoddarn. A show of
hands decided the matter, and the Member, after delivering
a most admirable speech, was invested with the sword, as
" Knight of the Shire." Mr. Johnstone's address
pleased every body, and we were mueh pleased with the
remark of a country clergyman, " th it gentleman needs
no preparation ; he bas only to open his lips and the sluices
of his heart at the same time, and eloquence and honesty
are sure to well out."

The candidates for the Dumfries district of burghs were
nominated o❑ Tuesday. As the show of hands was in
favour of General Sharpe, Mr. Hannay, his opponent,
demanded a poll, which the Sheriff adjourned till nine
o'clock on Thursday morning. At the hour named poll-
ing commenced very briskly, the voters marching in tallies
of tens, and in little more than two hours 300 voters
were entered in the books. Nothing in the shape of a
disturbance occurred, if we except the hissing compli-
ments paid to the adherents of the least popular side, by a
rabble of boys. When the poll closed at four o'clock,
257 bad voted for General Sharpe, and 245 for Mr. Ilan-
nay—majority 12. In the course of the day expresses
were received from Annan, Lochmaben, and Sanquhar,
at all of which places a majority voted for General Sharpe.
But to come to particulars—in Lochmaben 9, in San-
quhar 3, and in Annan 130. No express has been re.
ceived from Kirkcudbright, where the registered voters
amount to 107. Some will remain neutral ; and of the
remainder Mr. Hannay will obtain a majority, say of 20.
In Dumfries and Maxwelltow❑ ❑ot more than 40 or 50
voters remain to be polled. It is supposed that this rem-
nant will divide pretty equally, or rather that the advan-
tage will be in favour of the General. So that altogether
he will carry his election by more than 100.
Sir Andrew Agnew has been re-elected for Wigton-
shire, his opponent, Mr. Carrick Moore, having declined
the contest.

DUMFRIES BURGHS.—At the final close of the poll on
Saturday, the ❑umbers were

Sharpe. Hannay.
Dumfries 275 253
Annan 144 17

Kirkcudbright 2S

Sanquhar
Lochmaben

.. . .
.... 19

Total
488
Majority for General Sharpe llB

INVERNESS BUAGHS•-The nomination of the can-
didates for this district took place, on Monday, in the
Market Place, Inverness. The Rev. Mr. Clark proposed
Major Cumming Bruce, which was seconded by Mr. James
Suter, junior. Mr. Stewart of Belladrum was proposed
by Mr. Mackenzie, and seconded by Bailie Fraser. Dr.
Robertson nominated Colonel Baillie, which was seconded
by Captain Fraser of Balnain. Mr. Kennedy, Holm, no-
minated Mr. Fraser of Torbreck, which was seconded by
Mr. Macgillivray. The candidates severally addressed
the people, after which the Sheriff intimated that the
polling would commence on Thursday last.

MEMBERS RETURNED.
