FINE ARTS.

SAMPSON CARRYING AWAY THE
GATES OF GAZA.

An imitation, and by no means a servile one,
of Mr. Martin's impressive style of engraving.
The landscape is well executed, though there is
rather too much of the miniature school of spruce-
ness about it. The rough crag up which Samp-
son is toiling with his vast load on his back—is
by far the most powerful part of the engraving.
The aspect of the moon, with her circular halo
of clouds, is rather too formal ; the circle to be
natural should be more shadowy ; at present it is
too strongly defined and artificial.

PORTRAIT OF ALLAN CUNNINGHAM.

A likeness of this clever writer and estimable
man has just been sent us. It has been drawn
on stone by Mr. Wilkin, of Newman-street,
and does credit to that artist's ability. In depth
and strength of light and shade it has all the
power of painting, and we can personally bear
testimony to its extraordinary resemblance to the
original. In fact we never saw a more complete
likeness. Nut only the general cast of the fea-
tures is preserved, but the peculiar character of
the massive towering forehead, which seems preg-
nant with intellect, and redeems what might other-
wise—with the exception of the eye, which is re•
markable for a certain keenness and earnestness of
expression—appear common-place in the coun-
tenance. By the admirers—and they are nume-
rous—of Mr. Cunringham's worth as a man,
and abilities as a writer, this print will be
highly valued. It is the man himself, and
in the act, as it would seem, of working out
some brilliant thought which has just struck his
fancy. Mr. Wilkin, we understand, intends
this as the commencement of a series of por-
traits of the illustrious living literary characters
of England ; we hail it as an auspicious begin-
ing, and have no doubt it will be followed up
with corresponding zeal and talent.

We have much pleasure in announcing that
the combined exertions of all religious Ministers and con-
gregations in the parish of Luke, Chelea, for the relief of
the distressed Irish, have already enabled them to pay into
the General Committee at Cornhill 4501, as their first
instalment; and we are happy to observe that the example
given by that parish has exercised a most beneficial influ-
ence throughout this metropolis and the country generally,
on behalf of the afflicted sufferers —Morning Paper.

A Special Committee of the Royal College
or Physicians met on Wednesday, to report on the docu-
ments submitted to them by the Government relative to
the cholera morbus, and on the means of preventing its
introduction into this country. After a long discussion,
the committee came unanimously to the resolution of stat-
ing the following opinion:—" That the cholera morbus
may be communicated by infected persons to those in
health; but that no information which has reached the
committee justifies the supposition that it is communicable
by merchandise. As a measure of safety, however, the
committee approve of the establishment of quarantine."

There is at this moment lying at Spithead a
magnificent fleet, where a Vice-Admiral and a Rear-
Admiral have each their flags flying on board a first-rate
of 120 guns. In the harbour the Rear-Admiral of Eng-
land, Commander-in-Chief of the Port, one of the most
distinguished officers that the navy can boast, the friend
and flsg captain of NELSON, has his flag flying in an old
hulk (the Swiftsure), where it may be seen hoisted on a
staff secured to a drying-pole, upon which the sailors hang
their clothes to dry. Consequently, whenever it becomes
necessary to fire a salute, the flag is struck fur the time, and
hoisted on board a distant ship at Spithead, after which it
once more assumes its former place in the hulk ! These
things are facts : if they proceed from economy, is it not
pushing economy a little too far ?—Brighton .* If
this be correct, it is a very trumpery sort of economy indeed.

CHOLERA MORBUS.—As a security against
this contagion, many eminent practitioners recommend
brandy with laudanum ; the former to keep up the vigour
of the abdominal viscera, and the latter to prevent morbid
excitability of the system, which predisposes the body to
the action of the contagion. In India, brandy and lau-
danum have been very successfully administered in cases of
the cholera of that country. To those who freely indulge
in spirits and wine, it generally terminates fatally. Among
the Russians it has proved more fatal than among the
Poles, in consequence of the great quantity of fish oil the
termer take at every meal. Another remedy is simply re-
peated draughts of hot water in large quantities.
REVENUE FROM CRIME.—The Governor
of the State of Connecticut, in his message to the Legi-
slature, informs them that the net gain of the State pri-
son, for the year ending the 31st of March last, amounted,
after paying the expense of guarding, provisions, clothing,
and school igstittitioxi, to thy gum of 7,824 dollars.

FRANCE. •

TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING

CHRONICLE.
Paris, June 14, 1831.

SlR,—Our Citizen King has arrived at Metz.
You know I told you a very few days since that
Lous Philip was destined to hear the truth on
this journey, and that the people would take
care to apprze him of their wants and opinions.
They have done so at Metz in a singular and decided
manner, anti I am sorry to add his Majesty is offended.
I may as well add, Metz is nearly two hundred miles
from Paris, because then you will see that no one
has the right to say that Metz is near the centre: of
agitation—that it is influenced by Pails, or that
there is such a daily intercourse between the Pa-
risians and the inhabitants of Met; as almost to
render them the same individuals. Well, then,
when the King arrived at Metz, the Mayor went
out to meet him ; but instead of delivering the keys
of the city to the Republican Monarch of France
with an address full of servile flattery and gross
adulation, I will tell you what he said :
" Sire, in olden times, and according to ancient
usage, these keys, presented by servility, were the
golden sign of an iron slavery; but now all is
changed, and these keys are mere!), the emblems of
that harmony which exists between the people and a
popular Government."
This reception was honest, sincere, and truly
loyal. The King replied very graciously, and pro-
ceeded onwards. After various reviews, examina-
tions, and so forth, his Majesty received the ad-
esses of the different bodies social and politic,
which appeared at his levees, and from amongst a
heap of documents more or less valuable, I feel it
my duty to call your attention to the following:—
It was the address of the Municipal Council of
Metz—the same, therefore, as an address from the
Common Council of the City of London. The
Council was composed of the most respectable and
worthy citizens, and the following was the bold and
nervous language of which they made use. Louis
Philip was something more than fidgetty when he
heard this, and poor Casimir Perier is said to be in-
disposed, in consequence of the annoyance which
the mere reading of a copy of the Address occa-
sioned him. The following tire the words of the
Address :

" Political liberty is necessarily favourable to the liberty
of commerce. Commerce can never prosper but where
there is a free communication between the inhabitants of
all countries. Your Majesty has already recognized this
principle. To apply it in a manner the most complete,
the city of Metz, which has for a long time solicited an
entrepot within its walls, again renews its demands with
confidence.
" BUT, SIRE, OTHER THOUGHTS OF A MORE GENE-
RAL CHARACTER OCCUPY ALL THOUGHTS IN THIS CITY.
THE CHARTER HAS RESERVED TO OUR GOVERNMENT
A MOST IMPORTANT POINT TO REGULATE. WE MEAN
THE einESTFON OF AN HEREDITARY PEERAGE!! LET
US HOPE THAT IN THE NEXT SESSION THE LEGISLA-
TIVE POWER WILL CAUSE TO DISAPPEAR FROM OUR
LAWS A PRIVILEGE WHICH FROM HEREAFTER IS QUITE
INCOMPATIBLE WITH OUR NATIONAL MANNERS.

" OUR SYMPATHY, SIRE, HAS BEEN ACQUIRED BY THE
POLES, WHOSE HEROIC COURAGE IS NOW ENGAGED IN SO
TERRIBLE A CONTEST FOR THE CAUSE OF LIBERTY ! OH,
MAY THE INFLUENCE or YOUR MAJESTY ASSURE TO THIS
GENEROUS NATION A DESTINY WIRTIIY OF THE NOBLE
CAUSE WHICH SHE SO GLORIOUSLY DEFENDS !"

This Address, delivered with a firm manly voice,
for a moment seemed to paralyse the King and his
attendants ; but, as it had been arranged with Casi-
mir Perier, that no explanation should be given dur-
ing all the journey, either as to the exterior or in-
terior policy of France, his Majesty, evidently af-
fected, thus replied :
"You speak to me of something which you say all the
Municipal Councils of France have proclaimed. They
have proclaimed nothing. It is not any part of their
duty to discuss or deliberate on suljects of general
politics. This right is reserved to the Legislative
Chamber I" (What would the citizens of Liverpool say
if they were told they had not the right to discuss the
qutstions of Reform, War, and Catholic Emancipation?
And yet the citizens of Metz have done no snore.—
Q.)—" Thus I have nothing to reply to this part
of your Address. The same observation applies to that
which you say to me on the sulject of the diplomatic re-
lations of France with Foreign Powers, on which the
Municipal Councils have not the advantage or the right
fo deliberate !"

This is the answer of his Majesty. He will one
day be sorry he pronounced it. I am as certain of
this as that I ant now writing. What after the
revolution of July, have not the respectable
citizens of France the right of asking the King
to exert his influence in favour of an oppressed
ally of their native land ? Now, then, I ask you,
Does Louis Philip understand his position, or
the revolution of July last ?" You must answer no!
Casimir Perier will tall the answer wise, energetic,
firm, and so forth—and to-morrow his two Journals
will praise it. Poor people ! the day will come
when they will al! condemn it. I say, then, that
the address of the Municipal Council of Metz was
respectful, loyal, patriotic, wise and good—and that,
instead of treating its advice with disapprobation and
contempt, the King should, at least, have said,
" Gentlemen, I will think over what you have said to
me, and I trust my policy will be national and just."
Undismayed by the reply which had been deli-
vered by the King to the Municipal Council, a
Captain of the National Guards next approached
his Majesty with a written address from the Na-
tional Guards of Metz. The King, evidently ap-
prized before hand of the contents of the document,
inquired of the Captain " if he were the Comman-
der of the National Guards ?" " No," replied the
brave dicer, " but I am deptred by the Com-
mander to present this address;" and then the
Captain read on. It began with 'congratulations
and compliments. This was natural and just.—
Louis Philip is King of the French, elected by the
people, and so long as he remains King, and acts in
accordance with the Charter, and the laws, he is
entitled to respect and honour. Um then the Ad-
dress went on as follows :

" YES, SIRE, WE CARRY ON OUR FLAG THE DEVICE
OF LIBERTY, PUBLIC ORDER.' IN OUR EYES THEsE
IDEAS ARE INSEPARABLE. IF ON THE ONE HAND,
ORDER BE AN INSEPARABLE CONDITION OF LIBERTY,
HAS NOT EXPERIENCE ON THE OTHER HAND SHOWN

THAT THE SUREST MEANS OF ASSURING ORDER, IS TO
SATISFY THE PROGRESSIVE WANTS OF CIVILIZATION El
LIBERAT, ♦ND roruLAR LAWS?

" AMONG THESE LAWS, THE MOST DECISIVE IN THE
ruTuRE HISTORY OF FRANCE IS THAT WHICH IS IN-
TENDED TO ORGANIZE THE SECOND BRANCH OF THE
LEGISLATIVE POWER, AND TO DESTROY AN HEREDITARY
PEERAGE ! !"

When Louis Philip heard these words he inter-
rupted the orator, and, much agitated and evidently
annoyed, he thus replied
The army has no right to deliberate. You, Sir, are
no longer the organ of the National Guards. Therefore,
I will not hear any more of your a4dress !"
So the orator was silent and withdrew ! This
Casimir Perier calls " force," " strength," and
energy ;" and he thinks that the French will be
struck dumb by such firmness. How little does he
know of France or Frenchmen ! Just the reverse
of this will be the effect of the speech. Up to this
time we have laid all the blame on the Minister, but
now it will be divided between the Minister and
the King ! lam told that the conclusion of the
address of the National Guards, which was not
read, requested the interference of his Majesty in
the behalf of both Belgians and Poles, and that the
King cut short the discourse in the middle, to avoid
hearing the remainder. lam also assured that the
next day some of the officers of the National Guards
wished to present another address; but that an
overwhelming majority decided otherwise.
These facts are grave, and they give rise to se-
rious and melancholy reflections. If our citizen
King travels, it cannot be to receive fulsome ad-
dresses, "
esets or to be received with a vacant stare or ano
unmeaning
Vive le Roi." I believe his Majesty
t()
a be
sensible a man, and too true a patriot, to
h
Well, then, if he tra-
vels to lceha ronkiteheet objects
in view,
state o f h people, he must learn
all or he will be deceived. If he will not hear the
Municipal Council, he must hear the National
Guards ; and if ho will hear neither the one nor the
have
e "

other, why then he plays desperate game, and he
rn liSt lose. If his object be to learn the state of
►rade, commerce, apriculture, &c., he has been told
everywhere that all these interests are deeply sta-
ff ring, and in more than two ur three addresses he
has heard of a general mal-vise which exists. Why
is all this? The people of Me'z were anxious to
explain and let the King into the secret. But he
has closed his ears, and has toll the Municipal
Council to mind its own business, and the National
Guards not to interfere in politics!! Was this
wise ? Oh no Your's, 0. P. Q.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the National of Tuesday. )

PARIS, JUNE 13.—Two hundred and fihv Rus-
sian ships arrived at Datum in one day, laden with
provisions for the Russian army. This c'rcumstance,
which several mercantile letters announce as certain,
may serve to give us a notion of the kind of nan-in-
tervention professed by Prussia with respect to the
Poles.

We have a letter from Toulon, dated June 7, of
the following tenour :
" The following is the most probable destination
of the squadron of observation which is shortly to
put to see. Despatches from Count Capo
President of Greece, have announced to the Go-
vernment that, on the oae hand, the old Chiefs of
the Turks, who reside in Greece, had tevolted, and
threatened the provinces that have been detached
from the Ottoman Empire ; and that, on the other
hand, several vessels belonging to the Sultan had
appeared in the Grecian seas, and might be destined
to support the insurgents. The French Govern-
ment consequently thinks it necessary to send im-
mediately five vessels, each with four hundred troops
on board, as well to observe the movements of the
squadron that has come from the Dardanelles, as to
reinforce the garrisons of Modon and Navarin, and
to act against the rebels. Rear-Admiral Hugon
will command this expedition : the squadron will
be composed of five ships of the line and frigates, a
corvette, and a steam-boat. This is what I have
been able to discover on the subject.
" Yesterday evening there was an affray between
the marines and the soldiers of the 17th Regiment
of the line ; four men were killed, and some others
wounded. The true cause of this event is not yet
known ; several persons have been arrested.
" Some Spanish Constitutionalists, the same that
took refuge at Oran, after having. made themselves
master of the ship Matilde, have arrived here and at
Marseilles : they ure conveyed to the ititeror of
France."

Our latest accounts from Hayti contain nothing
very interesting, or at least very new.
The treaty of commerce between France and the
Republic was impatiently expected at Port-au-
Prince, and the solicitude of the Haytians was the
greater, as it was feared the President would not
ratify the arrangement if the Envoy of the Republic
should not have followed his instructions in every
particular.
The opening of the Chambers had been put off
till the Ist of October. This measure, which was
by no means expected, and the reasons for which it
not easy to discover, is far from satisfactory to the
majority of the inhabitants ; the alarm felt was the
greater, as every body seems to be convinced that
a trifle would suffice to cause a terrible commotion
in Hayti.
The journals of the country are decided respect-
ing the admission of foreigners, or rather the limits
which ought or ought not to be fixed to hospitality.
The dislike of several powerful Haytians to the new
guests of the Republic displays itself in this dispute
with a degree of heat calculated to make the Euro-
peans sensible of the inconveniences of their resi-
dence in the ancient French colony.

(From the Journal du Commerce of Tuesday.)

PARIS, JUNE 13.—The Prussian Charge d'Af-
faires, and the Russian Ambassador, have obsti-
nately refused to sign the passports of the French
physicians, appointed by the Academy of Medicine,
at the instance of the Minister of the Interior, to go
and examine the cholera in Russia Poland. M.
Pozzo di Borgo has, however, consented to sign,
but not officially, the passport of Dr. Gaimard, ►vith
whom he is particularly acquainted. The other phy-
sicians and surgeons are going without regular papers.
On Saturday next, the 18th of June, the anniver-
smy of the battle of Waterloo, a funeral service will
be celebrated in the church of Notre Dame in ho-
nour of the French soldiers who died gloriously fir
the cause of itAtional independence.
The Chamber of Nuncios (Deputies) of Po'und
has decided on the motion of Count Jean Lido-
chowski—that the Marshal of the Diet and the
Resident of the Senate shall devise means of send-
ing to Constantinople a Turkish standard, taken by
the Russians during the last war, and presented to
the Poles by the Emperor Nicholas. It is thought
that four Turks, lately made prisoners in an engage-
ment with the Russians, will be coirmissionei to
bear this standard to the Sultan.

A tree of liberty was planted, on the 6th, at
Avignon.
(Fro►n tLe National of Tuesday.)

LIBERTY 01,"rHE PRESS IN THE EAST.

CONSTANTS NOPLE, MAY B.—The President, Capo
d'lstrias, annoyed by the repeated attacks of the
Courrier de Smyrne, is doing all he can to obtain
its suppression. He demanded for that purpose the
mediation of the Russian Ambassador to the Porte.
The latter, i❑ an interview he lately• had with the
Reis Effendi, called in an official manner for the in-
terdiction of the Courtier. The Mini,ter replied
that " a translation of that Paper was regularly for-
warded to him for p:•rusal, and that he saw nothing
objectionable in its articles, which he conceived to
be written with due regard for all the foreign Powers;
that the Grand Signior read it, and was highly
pleased with its impartiality ; and that, consequently,
the Ottoman Porte could not grant him his request,
nor commit so odious an injustice towards a French
citizen."

(From the .31essager des Churnbres of Thursday.)

WARSAW, JUNE l.—ln the sitting on the 25th
the Diet was occupied with some explanations upon
the subject of D►vernickt's corps, at present in
Austria. The Nuncio Wenzyk asked if the Ministty
had insisted upon the Cabinet of Vienna restoring
the General ? The Minister for Foreign Affairs
(M. liorodyski) answered that the Government
had sent an agent to Vienna to obtain that satis-
faction of the [Austrian Government, but that the
Austrian Consul at Cracow had refused to furnish
him with passports to prosecute his journey.
The Diana corvette, which had been sent to
South America to state that the King was ready to
enter into relations with ir, has returned to Brest.
The propcsition was received with enthusiasm.
BERLIN.—The return of Baron de Werther to
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is undoubted.
Prussian politics, when directed by him, will con-
tinue to pursue the path of order and peace.—
Gazette d' Augsburg.

(From Galignani's Messenger of Wednesday.)
General Belliard arrived at Paris last night horn
Brussels.

Among the articles in the Constitution adopted by
the Canton of Berne is one precluding any future
military capitulation with foreign Powers.
It is stated that the Duke de Reich,tadt has been
promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the
regiment of Guilay.
The Jules-Julie, of Havre, has arrived in that
port from Rio Janeiro, bringing a report from Rear-
Admiral Grivel, dated March 29th, containing an
account of the circumstances that preceded the ab-
dication of Don Pedro, and induced him to quit
Brazil. The most perfect concord prevailed between
the French and English squadrons on the station.
(From the Courier Francais of Wednesday.)
PARIS.—The llioniteur of the 11th announced
that the limits of Belgium were to be fixed accord.
ing to the map 3f 1790, and not according to the
treaties of 1814 and 1815. That decision of the
question which ,
Conference of London gives rive to a

deserves examination. If Belgium be only to con-
si,t of the Austrian Low Countries and the Bishopric
of Liege, which it was composed of before its union
to France in the year 3, to whom are Philippeville,
and the other countries separated from France in
1815, to belong? The former kingdom of the' Ne-
therlands being divided into three parts, Luxem-
burg, Belgium, and Holland, to which shall Philip-
peville be allotted ? It was no more to Belgium than
to the other two parts that this country was annexed.
If Limburg and the left bank of the Scheldt be
denied to Belgium, because they did not belong to
it in 1790, neither Phillippeville, nor the Duchy of
Bouillon, which was a Sovereign State at that epoch,
ought to be joined to Belgium. Philippeville be-
longed to France in 1790.
Some coolness has lately existed between the
F, ench and Spanish Cabinets, occasioned, as is said,
by the useless attempts made by the Ambassador of
Spain in Paris to dissuade France from sending forces
into the Tagus, and taking decisive measures against
Don Miguel.
(From the National of Wednesday.)
The officers of the National Guard of Metz, hav-
ing been called together to deliberate on the incident
that had occurred the day before at their reception
by the King, decided, by a majority of 86 to 43,
that there was no occasion to present another ad-
dress to his Majesty.
(From the Afessager des Chambres of Wednesday.)
A Council of Ministers was held yesterday, at
one o'clock, at the Ministry of the Interior, and -
another at eight o'clock in the evening.
We are assured that an expedition is preparing' it:
Toulon against Don Miguel, and that Rear-Admiral
Hugon is to take the command of it. Two batta-
lions of infantry, and a battery of six pieces of ar-
tillery, have been already embarked. A letter from
Toulon states that it will be ready to sail on the
17th of June.—Semaphore.
The 4th battery of the 4th regiment of artillery,
in garrison at Rennes, has been ordered to prepare
to march—some say for Brest. This has led many
to believe that forces were about to be directed
against Portugal.

Grave disorders were committed last night in the
quarter of the fauxbourg St. Denis. Thanks to
the National Guards and troops' of the line, the
public tranquillity is entirely re-established. We
shall collect with care all the details necessary to en-
lighten the public, and which will show to what
point a handful of factious persons can carry their
raving and audacity. A great number of them taken
in the very fact have been arrested.--Moniteur.
At a meeting of the officers of the National
Guards, convoked by the Mayor, for the purpose
of taking into consideration the occurrence of ye,-
terday, it was decided by a majority of 86 against
83, that no new address should be presented to his
Majesty.—Metz Journal.

The French Papers say, that Dim Pedro, upon his
landing at Cherbourg wrote a letter to the King,
stating that he intended to escort his wife to Munich,
where she was to remain for her accouchement, and
that afterwards he was desirous of residing in
France incognito. A private letter adds-" Don
Pedro relates with a good deal of mildness the
events which led to his abdication. Although
the revolution was consummated in one day,
it was, he says, preparing for more than a
month. After a journey in the provinces I returned
to the capital on the 12th March, and from that
moment until the 7th April, the inhabitants were in
a emnplete state of agitation. I had been received
with all the appearance of affection, but during the
night of the 13th March, a conflict with an effusion
of blood took place between some Portuguese and
Brazilians. These excesses continued on the day of
my solemn entry (15th March). Soon an address
was presented to me by twenty deputies. I
answered it at once, and on the same day modified
my ministry. The 25th of March, the anniver-
sary of the establishment of the constitution, was
celebrated with great demonstrations of joy. On
the 3d of April I convoked an extraordinary
meeting of the General Legislative Assembly.
My good intentions were misinterpreted, yet
I had yielded three times to their wishes;
three times I had loudly testified how much my
thoughts were pure, loyal, and constitutional. They
wished to impose upon me another Ministry, and to
compel me to submit to an act of despotism, which
was a violation of the constitution, which conferred
upon me the right of choosing my own Counsellors.
I retired on the 7th of April on board the English
vessel the IVarspite, and at three o'clock in the
morning I answered new remonstrances by an abdi-
cation in favour of my dear son, I)on Pedro d'Al-
cantara. I did not quit the port of Rio until the
13th of April, leaving to the Brazilians four of my
dear children."
FRENCH FUNDS.--PARIS, JUNE 15.-Five per Cents. SSE 25c.
SSE SSE 3,c. c. 10c. 88f. 881. 10c. SSE sc. 20c. 30c. 35c. 25c.
10c. 20c. 25c. 20c. 881. 30c. 20c. 30c. 20c. • Four per Cents. 75f.
74E 50c. ; Three per Cents. 59f. 59f. 20c. 59f. 59f. 15c. 591.
20c. 10c. 59f. .59E 10c. 40c. 30c. .oc. 25c. 59E 40c. 35c. 30c. ; •
Bank Stock, 1,600 E ; Rente de Naples, 67E 50e. 25c. 40c. 60c. 681.
fix 90c. ; Rente d'Espagne, 1314 ; Royal Spanish Loan, 651,i ;
Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 51 sf-N
4i 51 50% 50?4 51 51
% 1,4 ; Ilaytian Loan, 270 E Exchange on London-One
month, paper, 25E 10c. ; money, 251. 10c. ; three months, paper,
23E, money, 241. 95c.-.Gouts Aathentique.
(From the Times Private Correspondent.)

PARIS, WEDNESDAY EVENING.
I regret that I cannot communicate a very fa-
vourable picture at this moment of the state of this
metropolis ; not a night passes without some con-
gregation of the populace in some quarter of the
town, where, under a pre!ext mostly frivolous, a
tumult is excited, the military called out, and whole
districts thrown into confusion. The basis of these
disturbances is, I have no doubt, the unemployed
condition of a great part of the poorer classes of
Paris, and the great difficulties of the Government
to provide any kind of occupation for such a mass
of people.
It is in vain that the War-office places a large
body of regular troops at the disposal of the civ'e
authorities ; it is in vain that the National Guards
almost hourly expose themselves to the harassing
duty of quitting their business and parading the
streets; it is in vain that arrests are multiplied;
still the germs of discontent incrette rather than
become exhausted ; and seditious cries, at first only
partial, now become general ; and in the street-
songs there will be heard frequently among crowds,
the sub.titution of the name of Napoleon for that of
Orleans.

I do not wish to make more of these scenes than
they present to my own eye, but I confess that their
irritating recurrence very much compromises the
stability of the existing Government ; and when I
see that they thicken at the ominous approach of the
anniversary of the galling victory of Waterloo, and
of the gloriously exhilarating days of July for a
French mob, 1 am not without apprehensions for
the peace of this metropolis during the month or six
weeks which are progressing.
The following are the best particulars which I
can gather from the observations of other persons as
well as myself, of the disturbances of last night,
which I fear are now renewing. Whilst I write
(half-past two o'clock) the drums in the same quar-
ter are beating the rappel, crowds are again collect-
ing; and as I shall take a drive to the spot before
I close this letter you will hear from me, if the ap-
pearances indicate any difference from those that have
already °centred.
On Monday evening, at nine o'clock, a man sta-
tioned near the Passage de l'lndustrie, fauxbourr;
St. Denis, was crying a song, entitled Histoire de
Napoleon dans les Cent Jours, when a watchmaker,
whose shop is opposite the passage, rushed upon the
man and handled him very roughly. Th;s scene
brought together a great number of people, who
called him a Carlisle. The shop-windows were
broken, and order was not restored till after the
beforeY
crowdat
wr r
oi
pistolsal o f t
againchhe
aarsagsreemdmeb%dvl force.tdh
to throw stones at the goods, crying vengeance
tehs
et et.
shop,day anagainst the occupier. To defend himself, he fired
modrnbinegan
ga
powder only. The watch-
maker having been arrested, was exposed to some
danger on his way in a fiacre to the Prefecture of
Police from the showers of stones with which he
waft pelted by the multitcle. Tin watchmaker',

s'gn was the
door, he wa
to perform
neighbourbo
greatly incr
the watchr
endeavoured
threat. Th
out pickets
to disperse t
Commissary
squadron of
repeatedly rr
induce the IT
taunts and
Between ten
fauxbourg S
Nouvelle, al
densely pops
people.

MIL

iv:: :it:.
were griitifik
entertainment:
forinaure of
The Irish 7
Advertisemen
Cons. His it
Teazle, was a
entertainments
JOHN REEVE
humour that
kept in a roar.
time, Sir Gi
old Debts, an
full Louse. J
n T. P. C
On Monday
house will do
et so the inceric
