ST. JAMES'S PARK.—The Commissioners of
Woods and Forests arc proceeding with the improve-
ment of the paths in this park. But the principal
thoroughfare, that along which lies the way of nineteen-
twentieths of passengers, is in a sad state. Something
more should be done than putting down a little gravel.
A paved, or at all events a dry pathway, from Buck-
ingham-gate to Spring-gardens, should be set about
immediately. In winter the paths in this line are all
but impassable.
The Dundee Courier, of the 22d instant, states
last
tt there had been an increased demand there for linens
week ; and a small advance had been paid on Os-
naburgs and coarse sheetings,stocks
the of which had
become light. The demand for flax and yarns was li-
mited. Advices received to the sth instant from St.
Petersburg mentioned that the export of flax up to that
date was only '2,000 tons against 10,000 at the same
date last year.

" The admirable conduct of the peasantry in
such a crisis has constituted a proud triumph to
the cause of religion ; and those who contributed
to enlighten them in their moral duties, through
persecutions, insults, and dangers, have deserved
the regard and esteem of the good and the just in
all Christian countries.
" The people of England have a right to de-
mand, and will still insist, that the liberty of the
negroes, purchased by them at such a heavy cost,
should be perfectly secured to them, and much re-
mains to be done for them. You may feel assured,
' however, that the same power which achieved such
a glorious national honour as the destruction of
slavery in all its dependencies, will ultimately put
down the bad laws and petty tyrannies by which the '
peasantry are still harassed and oppressed.
great change is, indeed, in progress, by which
unprejudiced men are coming into the management
of properties, and it cannot be long before absen-
tees will extricate themselves from their present un-
lucky delusion, and discover that the salvation of
their estates must depend on the employment of
agents who will not defraud the labourers of their'
wages, or impose exorbitant rents. Men, elated
