system of national edtkca''Son. " The great principles
and truth' of YTh'ristianity, in which all are agreed, nrg
ii.kor'.se carefully inculcated ; but those pointfi which
are the subjects of indifference and te4ion'ii eiinii4-
versy form no part of
.ttie in3triictiong of' the schools.
This department o religious reaching is confided to
the. Mini'%?.rs of each persuasion, who discharge this
portion of their duties out of the school))) p. ifo .
more effective method of rentlei:ifig tti'd thilaren either
bitter and bigoted its their tintred of each other, or to-
tally indifferent Iv) Ali Ottrinal distinctions, could nk
be devisekt

THE LATE BIR3IINGHA3I RIOTS

(From the Morn imi2
The Protestant Assee4.ation, or Perambulating Fire-
brand Society, tontinues its locomotive anniversaries;
finishing at Liverpool the lengthy declamation which
teas too much for one day at Manthester and varying
the brimstone brethren of O'Sullivan from Stowell and
Co., to Nl‘Neile and Tetteshall. The chief claim on
public notice of the furious absurdities of these bigot agi
tutors is the illustration they afford of the condition and
tactics of the Tory party. The Tories cannot obtain pre-
dominance without the co-operation of these fenatics ;nor
tan they secure that co-operation but by expectancies
which they intend to disappoint ; or which, should they
not disappoint, must, in the accomplishment, be fatal to
their retaining the Government. "No peace with
Rome," is their motto ; and by peace with Rome they
mean the treatment of Roman Catholics as fellow-sub-
subjects—we had almost said as fellow-men. No aid
to their college institution, no eligibility to public ap-
pointments, no share in the advantages of national
instruction ; these are amongst the most distinctly
defined and broadiy avowed particulars of a proscrip-
tion the spirit of which, could it be established,
would reduce the great mass of the Irish people to
a degradation less tolerable than ever was that of
negro slavery. Neither the Tory press nor the Tory
leaders have the moral courage, or the common ho-
nesty, to say how they would deal with these ascen-
dancy fanatics, were they in power. They dare not ;
for they know they could not move towards contenting
them without the outburst of that civil warfare in Ire-
land which they have once before shrunk from facing,
and which would now be ten times more formidable.
Nor is it cowardice alone that keeps them on silent
terms towards the theological savages. It is down-
right dishonesty. 'they coquet with the fiend of per-
secution, and allow it to be assumed as the condition
of assistance, that the emancipation of the Catholics
may be an occasion of repentance, and consequently
the subject of revision. And so the coolness of political
knavery, and the heats of theological animosity, meet
together, like the snows and fires on the summit of a
volcano, in pestilential unison.

/ROM TEIR EVENING r.A►l'Ene OF YESTERDAT.
(From the Globc.)
The discussion which took place on Friday in the
Court of Common Council may deserve a passing no-
tice. It is about to elect a Commissioner of Police, to
manage the City division of the metropolis, and the cor-
porators want to get a long-headed clever man to take
that office and defend the rotten cause of corporation
abuses, which they cannot do unless they give him a
salary infinitely beyond the value of his services.
1,0001. was proposed-8001. was the minimum
inserted by the corporators in their Police Bill. Some
of the Common Councilmen, and especially Mr. Brace,
much to his honour, considered that 8001. would be
quite enough. The corporators were ashamed of the
position they had taken, but the sham Radicals, not liking
to be defeated of their man, became convinced that 8001.
a year was enough, but then they agreed that the sinecure
Commissioner should have a house paid for out of the poor
citizen's pockets, and there is no doubt that a house
in the city will be found, with splendid apartments for
feasting ; for it seems, according to Mr. Patriot An-
derton, that most of the gentlemen in that Court lived at
the rate of a thousand a-year ! (query, shillings or
pounds ?)—and that he ( Mr. Anderton) cannot entertain
his friends in style under that sum. The citizens have no-
thing to do with heavy dinners given in the private houses
of the City jobocrats, nor in the houses of the City
placemen and pensioners—all they have to do is to
pay at the full market price for useful services ; but
in this case, to please a few soi-disant Radicals, the
citizens are to be taxed 1,0001. a year to pay a man, as
Commissioner of Police, who will not have one hour's
work a week to do. A Commissioner is not wanted
at all ; the City is not larger than many of the me-
tropolitan divisions of police, which are managed by
a Superintendent who has 2001. a year ; the City Super-
intendent has 4001. The two Commissioners, Colonel
Rowan and Mr. Mi!.'ne, received until lately only 8001.,
and they managed 1G or 17 divisions of police. Accord-
ing to this rate of duty, the City Commissioner having
only one superintendent to look after, he ought not to
be paid more than 1301. a year—or in truth he ought
not to be at all, and his appointment is a mere City job,
especially as a Police Committee of jobocrats will he
appointed at a further expense of about 2001. or 300/.
per annum.

(From the Courier.)

Mr. Macaulay, it must be confessed, is well fitted
to act as one of the leaders of the " Movement." At
all events he seems determined to move on, himself.
On the :27th of September he is gazetted as a Cabinet
Minister ; on the 30th he is appointed a Privy Coun-
cillor ; on the Ist of October, he gives out to the world
in general, and to his Edinburgh constituents in par-
ticular, that he is domiciled in the Queen's Palace, and
he takes upon himself to date his first political manifesto
as a Cabinet Minister, from WINDSOR CASTLE ! His
address to the electors of the city of Edinburgh, which
appears in another column, is dated " October Ist,
1839, Windsor Castle." The large letters in which
the words " Windsor Castle" are printed above are
ours : the large presumption which prompted him thus
to divide the Royal Residence of England with the
Sovereign, is his own. We will not, however, dwell on
the indelicacy of this young Cabinet Minister seeking,
by " a proclamation," to identify himself with the
Queen, and the Queen with his politics. As a matter
of taste, we think there can be but one opinion on the
subject ; as a matter of policy, it is in strict accord-
ance with the system of her Majesty's Ministers,
to make use of the Queen's name and of the Queen's
Palace in any way that may best suit their own purposes.

(From the Standard.)
Instead of selecting the new Governor of Greenwich
Hospital from the host of veterans, whose gallantry at
St. Vincent, the Nile, Trafalgar, Camperdown, St.
Domingo, and elsewhere, had covered them with
stars and medals, wrung from the too reluctant
gratitude of the country by deeds about which
there could be no mistake, Lord Melbourne's
choice has fallen on a man who, beside being
one of the youngest officers of his rank in the ser-
vice, has had the singular ill luck never to have
taken a part in any battle of the slighrest importance in
his life, or to have performed a single exploit which has
afforded his Whig friends an opportunity of conferring
on him one order or medal of any kind whatsoever!
Is it not a farce to charge us with desiring to
sully the professional, reputation of an officer,
who, in the ordinary acceptation of the phrase,
has no such reputation to sully ? Admiral Flee-
ming (says the Globe) is a Whig, and therefore
the Standard desires to represent him as devoid of
all professional or personal merit.' We have no dispo-
sition to do anything of the kind."

BERLIN, SEPT. 25.—We had to-day a very in-
teresting sight, the arrival of a whole army by the iron
railroad. The King has had the infantry of the Guard
brought at his expense by the railway, in order to save
them the exertions of the march, back to Berlin, after
the great fatigues they have undergone in the late
reviews and manmuvres. About 8,000 men came in
ten trains. At the head of each regiment was a band of
music. The Directors of the railway received a round
sum of 1,000 dollars. In truth, we had not a great
idea of the importance of this mode of communication,
till we saw a large body of armed men, so speedily con-
veyed, as by enchantment, from one place to another.
ONE POUND NOTES.—The belief seems to
gain ground that the Bank of England will attempt the
experiment of issuing 1/. and 2/. notes, to enable her
to prolong the struggle to support herself under this
interminable succession of disappointments in her en-
deavours to turn the exchanges and to correct the cur-
rency. Notwithstanding this, we adhere to the opinion
we have before expressed, that it would be a most rash
and hazardous attempt, which would probably end in
the speedy suspension of cash payments by the Bank ;
neither can we imagine that her Majesty's Ministers
would take upon themselves the responsibility of sanc-
tioning such a proceeding, without seeing the utmost
necessity for such a step, and which certainly does not
exist at present. An Order in Council permitting the issue
of 11. and 21. notes,accompanied with an order for suspend-
ing specie payments, we can readily conceive would work
well for the Bank, and would relieve the Directors from
all further anxiety ; but without the order for suspend-
ing specie payments, the permission to issue 1/. notes
would be their funeral knell.—Allas.

D READFUL COLLISION AND PROVIDENTIAL
ESCAPE.—As Mr. Sutton was returning home in a gig
with Mrs. Sutton, the horse took fright and threw Mr.
Sutton out ; the horse continued his course with fearful
speed, and ran towards a garden wall. At. this critical
juncture, Mrs. S. seeing death apparently before her,
jumped out of the gig, but such was the velocity ac-
quired, she was thrown affainst the wall, and fell, her
head covered with blood ; but an instant elapsed, and
the horse and gig came with a tremendous crash
against the same wall. At this moment Mr. S. came
up without his hat, his face streaming with blood,
yet regardless of his own welfare expressing the most
poignant grief at the condition .of his wife, who was
taken up for dead, and carried to the house of a re-
lative near the spot, three surgt!ons rendering prompt
assistance. Mr, and Mrs, S. -are doing well.—Don-
cosier Gazette.

THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, is S.

no disapprobation to any one, and to keep the thorough-
kres clear, particularly when any coaches came to the
:Oelio•tm. I never saw the thoroughfares obstr"cted by
the people. The iooinatli by the Market Fall was ,
sometimes crowded by people ii,h6 appeared to come
from curiosity to observe what was done, father than to '
take yart in the meetings. There were generally 400
Or i)YO Pefsena prevent at the meetings. The principal
business was reading tae da?l,' trao ether newspapers.,
with comments by the reader as he prOdehAest Three l
Or tollr persons used to address the meeting In the
course of the etenhag, Occasionally there was inflam-
matory language used by,tt speaker, On one occasion
A sPelhei' aihided to Mr. :Tames Taylor, of Moseley Hall,
having inclosed " Yardley Itig field '1 which, he said,
used to belong to the poor inhabitants to turn their cattle
on ; and that he thought Mr. Taylor had no more
right to enclose it then they had. The meeting
received this with disapprobation ; one person in
the crowd saying, " They wanted nothing to
do with Mr. Taylor, they wanted no man's property,
but only a fair day's wages for a fair day's work." To-
wards the latter end of June some stones were thrown
into the body of the meeting from the roof of a house
which was then building close by, and which is now
occupied by Mr. Leggett and Mr. I3elcher. I saw two
stones thrown from this house, and also some from the
roof of the Market Hall on the same night. I believe
this to have been on the night of the 27th of June.
On the following night some stones were also thrown.
I saw the heads of three persons on the Market Hall
when the stones were thrown on the first night. The
meeting was very indignant when the stones were first
thrown, but the speaker said, " Take no notice, men of
Birmingham, they are only foolish counter-skippers."
Upon this some one cried out, " They would go and
fetch them down ;" but the speaker said, " Do no
such thing, it will hurt the cause ; we shall soon have
the Town Hall." This was all which took place re-
specting it. I believe there was at the time negocia-
tions on foot for the use of the Town Hall. About the
same time some of the Birmingham police-officers at-
tended the meetings, and inquired of the people around
the names of the speakers. They once asked me, but
I was unable to give them the information. I never
saw the police when so engaged insulted in any way.
The people used to say, " Mind the police, they're going
round." On two or three nights I saw the police endea-
vour to make their way to the speaker through the meet-
ing, but the people on every such attempt being made
prevented them from advancing, by placing their arms
round each others' necks. The police said, " It's of no
use your resisting, we will have the speaker." The
people asked, what they (the police) wanted with the
speaker, "he had done no harm but had been only read-
ing the paper." lam quite sure that no violence was
ever offered to the police on these occasions, and no
violent or threatening language used towards them,
and no other resistance than that I have named. One
night, just as the meeting had broken up, a police
officer attempted to seize a man who had struck a
woman at the corner of Philip-street, and killed her.
At first the impression of the people was, that the
officer was attempting to arrest one of their speakers,
and they prevented his progress ; but on learning what
had really happened, they assisted the officer to capture
the man, but he escaped. On July 3 it was announced,
that they would meet earlier the next night, in order to
have their usual procession over before ten o'clock, to
prevent alarm, as it was said some people did not like it.
They were also urged not to cheer, orshow disapprobation
to any one in their progress. This I myself heard the
speaker say on the night of the 3d, as they were break-
ing up. On the following night, when I got into the
Bull-ring, about half-past eight, the meeting, which was
thinly attended, there not being more than between 300
or 400 persons present, was about breaking up. The
speaker said " That was all they had to lay before
them," and told them to get themselves ready for the
procession. Upon this a man came up from towards
Moor-street, and told the speaker something which I
could not distinctly hear, but I heard the word
" police." I was then standing about two yards from
the palisades surrounding the Monument, and be-
tween it and Moor-street ; and turning towards
Moor-street, I saw the Mayor and Dr. Booth on 1
horseback, at the head of a body of London police,
who followed them abreast. The people on seeing
them, said, " Here are the railway men." The
speaker held up his hand, and said, " Men of Birming- i
ham !" Just at this moment, he turned his head, and 1
saw the police at the corner of Moor-street, and he
said no more. I heard Dr. Booth say to the police, as
they turned the corner of Moor-street, " Quick !
march!" and they went up to the meeting in a body.
Neither the Mayor nor Dr. Booth went up to the
meeting first, leaving the police behind ; the latter fol-
lowed close to the horses of the Mayor and Dr. Booth,
and did not halt. W hen they got near the Monument,
the Mayor told the police to seize the speaker. The
police immediately made their way towards the
speaker, striking every one before them. When
they commenced striking, the people groaned ; but,
up to that period, nothing had been done or said
against the police, and no resistance of any kind
had been offered them. The people did not lock
themselves together, to prevent the progress of the
police to the speaker, as they had previously done when
the Birmingham police made a similar attempt, The
people ran away in all directions from the Monument—
the speaker escaped. The police followed the people,
beating them with their staffs. Some flag staffs were then
broken up, and used by the people against the police.
The people rallied, and a general fight took place be-
tween them and the police. I saw one policeman
knocked down, and beaten very much when he was
down, opposite the Red Lion, in the Bull-ring. I saw
Dr. Taylor, one of the Convention delegates, come
out of the Red Lion, and run to the assistance of the
policeman. He picked him up. and asked the people,
" For God's sake, what were they doing—they would
ruin the cause ?" The people said, "They had no
mercy for us." Dr! Taylor told them to go home ; and
with other as nce, I believe Mr. Fussell, took the
injured policeman into the Red Lion. Six or seven
other policemen immediately came running down
the Bull Ring. I was making my escape,
and had got to the corner of St. Martin's Lane,
when the police knocked down a woman and child.
I turned round, and was in the act of picking up the
child, when I was struck on the back of the head, and
knocked down. There was also another man down
near me. The policeman swore at us, and said they
would give us more ; and with this, struck me another
forehead. I was afterwards several
stgieumvaeegrs ce
struck,blowtowards
althoughon the
them,
except
x edidep nott t o resist,
tell
is:
er
mu
Is e
had
dy
donelan -
nothing. I was picked up by some one, nearly sense-
less, and led away to Mr. Dobson's shop ; and when
somewhat recovered, I was supported home by some
man. I was ill for some time after, and have not now
perfectly recovered. No meetings were held after this
in the Bull-ring. On Sunday, th 14th of July, I was
going to St. Thomas's church, and heard that a
sermon of Mr. Stephens' was about to be read to
the people at Holloway-head. Finding myself
too late for church, I went to Holloway-head,
and found about 400 persons present, they were
orderly and quiet. Many of them were well
dressed. The sermon was read to them ; and after-
wards, one of the speakers said that Mr. Attwood
and Mr. Fielden were expected to come to address
them to-morrow, and he hoped they would attend ; and
after the meeting, " form themselves into a peaceable
procession, and walk through the town, and show the
Birmingham people they were not short of intellect."
Another speaker got up, and said he hoped they would
not go near the town at all. He did not give any
reason, and I at this time left, leaving the meeting
behind me. The following day I waa at a friend's
house, in Exeter-row, and about one o'clock, heard a
bellman, who had on a straw hat with blue ribbons in,
give notice that Mr. Attwood would address the people
at Holloway-head a little after one. The people about
said, "Take no notice of him, he's only sent for a joke." I
immediately went to Holloway-head,and found about 200
persons assembled. No one was then addressing them,
and I left in about ten minutes. On my return down
Exeter-row, I heard another bellman, whom I have
also heard cry fish for the fish company. He gave no-
tice, ~ that Mr. Attwood would address the men of
Birmingham, at Holloway Head, at six o'clock that
night." I left my work at seven o'clock that night, and
went to Holloway-head. When I got there, three
were about 400 persons present. Mr. Wilkes was ad-
dressing them, and advising them to walk peaceably and
orderly in procession, six abreast, by Lucy's Mill, down
Exeter-row, up Suffolk-street, along Ann street, and
down Bull-street, and then where they liked. Some one
cried out, " Go to the Bull-ring," and immediately a
man, whom I took to be the same as had addressed the
meeting the day before, in the same strain, got up and
said," if you go near there, you'll have the police out
to you ; and if. you wish well for yourselves, you
will not go, as it will stop an effusion of blood," or
words to this effect. The meeting heard this, without
any expression of feeling ; and about fifty directly
formed in procession, and were going towards Lucy's
mill, but on seeing the bulk of the meeting go the
short road to Exeter-row, by the instruction of ano-
ther speaker, turned round and followed them. They
went in procession down Exeter-row, and halted at
the corner of Suffolk-street, when Wilkes got upon
some steps and addressed them, telling them to go
down Smallbrook-street, along, Edgbaston-street and
St. Martin's-lane, down Deritend, and so to the
Warwick-road, to meet their two friends, Lovett
and Collins, who were coming from Warwick that
night. They then walked in procession, as Wilkes
had directed. There were none of them armed,
not even with sticks. They had no flag or harmer.
They walked quietly along, and did not offer any
obstruction or insult to any one. When they got to
time corner of Edgbaston-street and Spiceal-street, they
cheered. Many people were at this time standing in
the
Bull
lieir-t of jeg.St.TAhleayrtaigna'si-elaenieeearnedd when they
not learn why they cheered, and cannot conjecture, ex-
glotdtido
the
ex-
cept it were intended as a sort of invitation to those in
the Bull-ring to join them. When they got to the
Three Crowns in Deritend, Wilkes halted the proces-
I sion, and recommended that the children who were
