DISTRIBUTION or rRIZE,: AND CERTIFICATES OF HONOUR

sixteen.

CO THE STUDENTS.

The ceremony of distributing the prizes and cert;ficates
of honour awarded to the students who have obtained the
giratest prc6ciency in the several branches of medical
science took pl :ce on Friday, in the Theatre of ,he King's
College, before a large it,setuhlage of ladies and the patrons
.ind friends of the institution.

The Bishop of Lotinota, accompanied by the members
,‘f the Council, entered the theatre, and took the chair at
two.

His Lordship, having briefly alluded to the object of the
ceremony, took occasion to contrast the past and the
pr sent state of medical knowledge, so far as the opera-
tive branches, the burgled departments were concerned.
In giving certifirates and rewards for proficiency to the
various students, an eye had been given not only to pro-
neievey in their studies, but to the Leneral regularity of.
their conduct. Thus the College had the satisfaction (,t
knowing they should be enabled to send forth into the
world a number of young men armed with all the mecha-

nical acquirements in the medical art, in combination
with moral and religious integrity.
The Proles.ors then severally addressed the assembly,
and gave an encour iging account of the progress of their
revegtive clan-es. Having pointed out to his Lordship
the names of the students whH had been selected for the
rewards, his Lord-hip delivered the honorary distinctions
to each young genvernan, accomoanying the presentation
with some appropriate oloiervation.
The following is the list of prizes and succcessful can-
didates :

Anatomy—Silver Medal.—W. T. Robinson.
Certificates of Honour.—Sodon, Talmage, Gallard.
Anatomical Demonstration—Silver Medal.—J. Salon.
Certificates.—Curtis, Rawson, and Medcalfe.
Botany—Silver Medal.—B. Whitfield.
Certificates.—Chance and Medcalfe.
Materia Medica—Silver Medal.—H. Holine.
Certificates.—Rawson and Osborne,
Medicine—Silver Medal.—Medcalfe.
Crertificates—Curtis, Rawson, and Winchester.
Forensic Medicine—Silver Medal.—J. Ot win.
Certificates—W. Chance.
Midwifery—Silver Medal.—H. Medcalfe.
Certificates.—Rawson and Pearce.
Surgery—Silver Medal.—William Trew.
Certificates.—Curtis, Rawson, and Talmage.
General Proficiency—Gold Medals.—Rawson and Chance.
General Good Conduct and Attention to Religious Duties
—Mr. Leathe's Prizes.—Atkinson and Leacock.
His Lordship, al er having apologised for the tinavoid-
ab'e absence of the Visiter of the College, the Archbishop
of Canterbury, and expressed the high gritification he
had received Iron the proceedings of the dAy, gave a part-
ing admonition to the students, and the assembly broke up.

TheKING will hold a Council on Wednesday,
at which the RECORDER will make report of the pri-
soners under sentence of death.

The Duke of ORLEANS and suite arrived at
Grillon's lintel, Albemarle-street, yesterday afternoon, at
two o'clock, from his tour in the nort► ern counties. His
Royal Highness dined with his suite in the apartments at
the Hotel, and afterwards attended the Countesses of
GREY'S and JERSEY'S grand assemblies. His Royal
Highness will pay several farewell visits previous to his
approaching departure.

Viscount JOCELYN, eldest son of the Earl of

RODEN, has entered the atmv as a Second. Lieutenant in
the Rifle Brigade. His Lordship has just attained the age
at which he becomes qualified to hold a Commission, i. e.

Considerable numbers of the Nobility intend
t spend great part of the approaching summer on the
Continent, and many diquiguished members of the beau
monde purpuse to extend their absence abroad beyond the
autumn.

The Duke of DEVONSHIRE, and his sister,
Countess GRANVILLE, quit Devonshire House to-morrow,
for Kernpto where he will make his accu,tomed stay
during the hay season, hi-. Grace, it is well known, being
subject to an annual attack of indisposition called the hay
fever. Eirl GRANVILLE has not yet left Devonshirt:
House for Rail, but we hear that his Lordship calculates
n bis speedy return to the French capital.
The Marquis of WATERFORD, accompanied
by Sir WILLIAm POWLETI. GEARY, is about to make a
voyage to the Mediterranean, and he also intends to visit
Egypt, in his yacht, which has been fitted up for the
purpose.

COWES, MAY 26.—The Earl of Dun-
HAM, who has purchased the Eirl of BELFAST'S beautiful
and last-sailing cutter Louisa, intends his first cruise in
her to go to Antwerp, to pay King LEOPOLD a visit, and
return to this delightful waiering-plac-, where his Lord-
ship has taken up his summer quarters ; and we trust it
will have the object in view of reinstating the Noble
Earl's health. It is exp cted i❑ the autumn of the year
his Lordship and liorily will take a trip in the Louisa to
the Mediterranean.

A very general rumour prevails among those
who profess to be informed upon such matters, that an
arrangement was made during the rec-ss for the return of
Si,' ROBERT PEEL to office, and that its accomplishment
only awaits the final ilisposil of the Irish Church Bit , and
a few other measures, on which it is felt that it would not
be quite consistent fur Sir ROBERT to be committed to
after the opposition which he has given to them.
BEULAH SPA, NORWOOD, MAY 27.—The
MASTER of tile MILLS, the Earl of MUNSTER and fain ly,
the SPEAKER of the House of Commons and family. have
visited the Spa within the last few days. The band of
the Goldstr,ain Guards per‘orwed here on Friday. The
ocher arrivals at the Park Hotel are, the Dowager
Viscountess Dowse. Lord de SAUMAREZ, Lady EMILY
MONTAGU, Lady STRONGE and Mr. HOLMES, General
BENTISCE, and Mr. G. UAW SON.

NEWSPAPER STAMPS.—OiI Saturday mot n-
ine, ju.t bebre the ri•ing o, the 1-louse, Mr. ORD mo%ed
fo, a return of the number of tamps issued to each of t e
pnwinrial newspapers in England in the year ending
April 1. 1833.

WEST INDIA M EETING.—The Morning
Chronicle of thi: day (Tuesday) contained nine columns
of the proceedings at the City of London Tavern, with the
Resolutions.

THE NATIONAL CONVENTION MEETINGS.
—Nothing of imporance took place at these rne,tin
which were held yesterday at the National Exchange
Bazaar, Gray's Inn-road, after our Reporter left. Mr.
HuNT's speech was of the usual cali .re, and the portion
we gave yesterday affords a fair sample of the whole.
The Anniversary of the Royal Westminster
Opthalmic Hospital was celebrated on S iturday at
WlLLtss R ioms, on which occasion the Right Hon. Gen
Lord LYNEDOCH took the Chair. It appeared from the
Report that, during the last year, 1,752 patients had been
admitted, and that since the commencement of the Institu-
tion 21,347 person. have received relief from this charity,
and 658 have recovered their sight by the operation of
cataract.

ROYAL IRISH YACHT CLUB.—A letter
has been received from the Swedish Minister at London,
M. BJORNSTJERNA, stating that the King of SWEDE);
has granted the request of the Club, that vessels belonging
to it will hereaher he allowed to enter the ports of Swed.n
and Norway without being gable to the payment of port
or harbour dues. A letter has ben received horn Btron
Bor.ow conveying a similar consent on the part of the
Prussian King, in regard to the harbours of Prussia and
its dep ndencies.—Dublin Paper.
ARGYLL ROOMS.---A concert was given at
these rooms last night by Mr W. A. KING, a son of the
late Mr. P. KING, the talented composer of The
Witches. The performances were very satisfactory, and
among those most eminently mo were the Di Placer of
Madame de MEatc ; La I here the gentle lark of Miss
BRUCE, accompanied on the flute by Mr. MlNast ; and
the 'long of The Old English Gentleman by Mr. H.
RUSSELL. The instrumental performances were of a
superior character. The room was very crowded rather
inconveniently so, for we observed several ladies who were
obliged to stand.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.—This house
was last night crowded in every part by an audience
anxious to witness the first representation of AlozAnT's
Grand Opera of The Magic Flute. Nothing could he
more unequivocal than its success. It was attentively
listened to, and enthusitp.iically applauded. There was a
general hush the mncient the overture commenced, and,
familiar as it is to English cars, the excellent manner in
which it was e•.ecuted gained for it the honour of an encore.
The orchestra was tinder the direction of Herr CHZLARD,
who presided in the orchestra. The whole strength of the
company was comprised in the cast, which is the fullest
we have met with in any Opera hitherto produced on the
English stage. There are some pleasing magical effects,
though neither the scenery nor decorations are new. As
an Opera of the highest order of excellence, it will doubt-
less prove attractive in the present improved state of
musical taste.

ASTLEY'S AMPHITHEATRE. The per-
formances at this theatre last night were extremely varied
and interesting. They began with the grand spectacle of
the Trojan War. The most remarkable scenes in it are
the games, the stratagem of the wooden horse, and the
taking of Troy. After this spectacle an interlude was
brought fo-ward, entitled Chinese Wonders, or, Five
Days' Fete of Pekin, combining in one sketch Egyptian
jugglers, Acrobats of the flying rope, grotesques, &c., and
presenting a scene of great activity and great splendour.
The scenes in the circle succeeded, the chief performers
being Mr. STICKNEY, the American, who appeared upon
two horses, Miss WOOLFORD, and Mr. ADAMS. The en.
tertainitient concluded with a grand romance, entitled The
Hay of the
Storm, or the Doomed Knight. The house
was well attended.
Signor PISTRUCCI, the celebrated iniprovi-
satore, yesterday presented to the public an entertainment
of rather a novel kind,—v a., the complete
performance
of an Italian tragedy. The Opera Concert.rootn, in which
the ptrfermance took place, was lighted up as if for a i
evening entertainment, and appropriate scenery and co:.

tumes gave perreet effect to the representation. The p;peP
~elected by Signor Ptsvaucct w•as Moures Aristodemo

a tragedy abounding in paling's of eloquent cechmati
well suited to the peculiar powers of PISTR,CCI. Who
personated the hero. After the tragedy there were
concert and some improvisations by Signor PtsTauccr.
The concert was a mdanrholy affair, with the excep,inn
of two duns, sung by Ruatra, Zucital.m, DONZELLI,
and 0 ai.m.

We are requested to state that Mr. THEO-
DORE HOOKE's new novel," The Parson's Daughter," was
published this day by Mr. BENTLEY, New Burlington.
street, and may be had of all respectable booksellers in the
United Kingdom. Agents for Scotland—Messrs. Bat r.
and BRADIUTE, Edinburgh ; for Ireland—Mr. JOHN
CUMMING, Dublin. Those who have been disappointed
in obtaining their applications for " Godolphin," and the
new novel by 111,. GALT, " Eben skin... or The Tra-
veller," may now obtain them of all booksellers.
GREENWICH HOSPITAL ESTATES.—The
returns relative to the management of these estates in
the north state that there are twenty-two persons em-
ployed on them in various ways as reviver., clerks,
b cliffs, inspectors, agents, &c., all of whose salaries, and
other expenses, in 1832, amounted to 4.581/. 10s. The
highest salary, that of the chief receiver, is 1,1001., the
under receiver 9741. The salaries for 1833 have been
reduced to 2.2261., being a saving of 2,3151. 10s. ; to
the latter •um, however, are added pensions to the stuount
of 1,4811. 75., leaving an immediate saving of 834/. Ss.

FOSSIL REMAINS.---A specimen of the
head of the fossil elk was lately discovered in moss, rest-
ing on marl, about six miles from Belfast. The .pecimen
was in a fine state of preservation ; the head was entire.
and the teeth were perfect, and the immense horns were
also complete. The head and horns weigh about two
cwt. Each horn measures, from the base to the tip. five
fret six inches. The tneamkur•ment between the tips of the
horns is seven feet six inches. The whole spec.men
twelve feet in circumference. This beautiful and valuable
specimen has been acquired by the Andersonian hiu,eum,
of which it forms one of the finest ornaments.— Glasgow
Herald.

At Walton, near Glastonbury, prime dry
bacon is selling at 4id. per lb. by the flitch ; at Wells i•
is retailed at 6d. ; in London it is from 7d. to 8,1. At
Hiiniton market, last week, the very beet fresh butter was
sold at 6.1. per lb ; at Bridgewater and Ambridge, it is
selling at from 74d. to Bd. per lb. ; at B- iseol market
the charge is lid. to ls. ; and in London, 15i. to 16d.
The very bee, Dorset,hire lontter is ,elling ;it Biidport at
8,1. Tee carriage to London is only IP. per lb. ; but
the price here is Is. At T iunton very fine chedder
cheese is retailed at 54d leer lb. In Bristol, though
nearer the place where it is made, the price ie 91. T e
bakers a, Chard, in Surnereetshire, are selling the quartern
if at 6d.

Mr. LITTLETON, the late Member for South
Staffordshire, having vacated his seat, by accepting the
office of Secretary for Ireland, a new writ has been moved
for, and a new election will shorty take place for that
division of the county. Mr. LITTLETON, it is said b)
some, will be oprsed by the second sun of Lord HAR-
!town' ; others as-e t that Mr. Houvoox, the late candi
date for Wolverhampton, is about to take the field against
him. Sir C. WOLSELEY has published an address to the
electors calling upon them to r. jest Mr. LITTLETON ; Sod
a placard has been posed in Birmingham, Wolverhampton,
awl other places, calling on the electors of Staffmdshire to
imitate the example of Westminster, or to he " silent
slaves for the rest of their lives."—Birmznyham Journal.
THE REV. ROWLAND HILL'S WILL.—
The will of the late Rev. ROWLAND HILL has been
proved in 'he Prerogative Court of Canterbury, by the
oaths of .1. B. WILSON, JOSEPH GREEN, WM. JAMES,
and Saatumt. Lona, E.qrs., the executors. The person.]
effects are sworn to be under 18,0001. One third of the
property of the Rev. G. ntleman is bequeathed to the
Rev. BREA NT HILL, the brother, and his descendants.
He also gives 5/. to each of the women resident in the
Surrey Chapel Almshouses, which, it will be remembered,
were founded by him some years since. Mr. HILL, durine
h s lifetime, provided amply for all his servants, in addi•

tion to which be leaves them 19 guineas each. The
residue of the estate, after paytniint of these and Born..
other trifling legacies, is bequeathed to the Village
Itiiierary, or Evangelical Ass,iciation for the Propagation
of the. Gospel.
His MAJESTY'S SHIP RODNEY.—The
launch of this vessel will take place at Pembroke on the
18th of June next, the anniversary iif the battle of Wa•
teflon. She is built on pl ins proposed by Sir R SET-
TINGS, and is pierced to carry 92 guns upon two decks,
al, 3t-pounders, so 'hat taking into consideration the
weizht of metal, her broadside will be more tormidabi,
than that of any first.? ate. Be•rdes h lying her lower
deck ports '7 fe-t 6 inches out of water, she will be able to
fire her broadside in weather when a first rate would be
unable to open her lower deck ports; and on this deck
alone do these ships show such heavy arrillety. She i•
within 100 tons burden of the Royal William, the
largest ship in the sers ice, and in length exceeds th m all.
The following are the comparative dimensions of the two
ships :
Royal William. Rodney.
Length extreme 'An ft. 2 tn. 243 ft. 6 in.
Breadth ditto
Burden in Tons 2695 5-94 2595 1-94

THE REDUCTION ON THE SOAP DUTY.-
We ace happy to find that Government, on the strong rt-
Presentation of tl.e manufacture-rs of the borough of Leeds,
and other parts of the Wet Riding, made through their
Members in Parliament, have consented to continue the
drawback on soap used in the manufacture of woollen
cloth, according to the reduced duty on that article. An
equivalent for this duty it was one time thought might
hav- been found in the repeal of the duty on foreign oils
used in the manufacture, hut this it was found would have
been insufficient, and its operation would prove unequal.
The following letter, received from Mr. STRICILAND by
a manufacturer of this neighbourhood, explains what are
the present views of Ministers:—

" London, May 21

" Sir,—Before receiving your letter I had directed my at.
tention to the proposed ministerial plan of withdrawing the
drawback upon the duty on soap used in manufactures.
" This would, undoubtedly, have been a great hardship to
many persons, because, instead of getting a drawback of the duty
of 20., they would hereafter have to pay half the duty of 3d.
" Many applications have already been made to the Govern-
ment upon the subject ; and I have obtained the following in-
formation, that it is now the intention to allow a drawback or
remission of the whole duty on soap employed in manufactures
for two years, the Government stating an intention, before the
expiration of that period, to make such a reduction of duty on
other articles—l believe on the raw material of some kind—as
will amount to an equivalent.
" I fear that this information will not be perfectly satisfactory
to you, but I can assure you that I shall continue to pay attention
to the subject, and endeavour to forward your ♦iews and inte.
rests.—l remain your faithful servant,
—Leeds Mercury. " GEORGE STRICKLAND."

A!I bills drawn at ports where there are resi-
dent pay-clerks by pursers of his Majesty's ships, for
monthly allowance money, are in future to be negotiated
through bankers or merchants, instead of being presented
to the pay-clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy, for pay-
ment at those places. There are two large st-Arn•vessel•
at Spithead with men for the service of Don PEDRO, and
it is reported that Captain C. Naenttt goes nut in one of
them, to supersede Admiral SARTORIUS in thy command
of the squ 'ikon. The Talavera, 74, is ordered to pro-
ceed to Cork, from whence it is believed she will take on,
hoops to the West Indies. The Admiralty have ordered an
estimate to be made of the difference in the expense of the
present system of packet service and the contract system
as formerly. For this purpose several persons are now at
Falmouth making the necessary inquii les. The Falcon.
10-gun sloop, is to be fitted for a steamer. It is intended
to try the experiment of generating the steam by means
of oil instead of coals. His Majesty's ship Revenge, 76,
Captain D. H. MACICAY, arrived on Monday from do
West Indies, having taken out detachments of troops to
the islands. She left Batbadoes on the 12th ultimo, and
Martinique on the 17th, and has brought home a qu anti y
of timber for the Ordnance Department, and a company 01
the Royal Artillery, amongst whom are the following
officers :—Lieutenant-Colone BIRCH, Lieutenants SHUT.
TLEWORTH, POPHAM, TIREMAK, and Mr. O'llatu.y.
Assistant Surgeon. The Pallas, 42, Captain W. WAL
POLE, and Dispatch, 16, Commander G. DANIELL, we,e
the only vessels of war at Martinique.—Devon. Telegraph.

•
Great preparations have been snaking during
the week at this port, for the reinforcement of Don Ph
DRO'S expedition ; and, as far as we can learn, the at.
tffran,,gt. The Birminghameinentshavebeennd uctedw
steamer
proceededithgrea
great judfogmr eorr
ntat;i:
on Friday, with 350 British troops. She took out Colon,
aqDbuooanunattietyoo,f
twentyL Liens.-Colonel
othertl
i.
military
youl orcniietoil
:ihßlitioorerfc,earrCsma;sp,taanipntiroDavali7LioTnoa:,in:::
stone. She will touch at Falmouth, to take on hoar
several other ffic-rs, who are wai ing there for a pascal_
to Oporto. The City of Waterford steamer proceed,
yesterday also f w th 200 pick.li British
and the following offi,ers Crpttin Marna, Lire
tenant H. F. PEAKS, Coro. WILKINSON. C.:;,t,in satin,
Lieutenant RATSEY, Lieutenant Narma, and 'over

ether (Awe ; Anot.ructe Bares de Matas, a Pole, sad
%1. PATE, a Portugueoe of distinction, and a particular
friend of the Marquis of PA LTA ELLA, and his suite. She
:,a1 on hoard a considerable quantity of specie. The above
•wo tamers will he joined at Falmouth by the County
,)f Pembroke and the Britannia steamers, and three
ethers, which will proceed together to Oporto, with men,
•ppc.e, clothing, grim ammunition, prorisiose, and stores.
—Portsmouth Herald.

MARGARET VERCH EVAN.—Of all the
K
opfrodacuccoedm,ploisfhamseunrtest,y Ma au a-
ET VERCH EVAN, who flourished eight-and-twenty years
pe:armancriti,ieiciar
sanimuoyttilelrtny:n Wferralpe,soihnat•
a near Llanberis, in Carnarvenshire, was the most ex-
and their
if any, of the fair sex hive excelled
this celebrated Cambrian damsel. Passionately fond of
the joys of the chase, in her cottage were to be found at
all times a le lection of the best thorough -bred dogs in the
principality ; and her selection was not limited to one
sio•cies. Greyhounds, beagle., foxhounds, terriers, and
even curs of low degr, e, were to be leer friskinr about
the cottage which AIARGAILIET occupied; arid the gossipe
of Ltanheris affirm to this day, that she made i mare'
d,perate havoc among the hares and foxes than all the
ennfederate hunts did together, Noe were Megan's qualia
ti.iation confined to her dexterity and hardihood as a hun-
tress. Site menaced a boat with admirable &citify ; she
could play on the harp and on the idle; she made shoes,
and repaired boats, shod horses, and, at the age of
70 waa the best wrestler in the county. What will our
fair ciinntr!,women say to this? This cinema lied, &twat
28 years ago, at the advanced age of 92, a wonderful ex.
ample of native ingenuity, persevering industry, and con.
tented penury.—Carsarecos Herald.
CORNWALL.—A fellow from Camborne, in
Cornwrlt, named PETICK Hosizt4c. has h•encernmitsed by
the Rev. G. Taxwegge, under the following cirrum-
et,ncee :—lt appe ire that, sbent two turniths since, after
a few d courtship, he married the widow of one Pavia,
who had devised some property to an only chill, and in
ease of the child's death to its mother; that he (Hostrina)
aapeared to entertain a fixed avereinu to the chili, and bps
been heard to say that if it were dead he should be a man
warth 2001. ; that on Monday morning the c .ild, being
measles,ialnlixdo'liuteh:tr,o,huelsdenodr
wouldthein
was a little trouhlea me, when he
~
obtehercheoudt.aothpanyi
ait,h,ailnl,dwhapiplee ,aredhe
strongly urged him to go and to allow her to stay with
the child. On the child becoming noire composed, how-
ever, she went, and in her absence a person residing in an
adjoining apartment heard H051(1140 take it up etaire, ;Ind
pull out a drawer which appealed very tight to put bark
again, and while he was putting it back the chill gays a
dreadful shriek, after which its cries seemed to be ern°,
thered. The mother, who had not. tarried out near so
long as he anticipated, mime in ',east tits time, and on
Koine up stairs met Howiritici coming against her with the
-hil I in Its arms bleeding and drea• rally bruised. ind••••• 4
a ire dead than alive. The appearance of the drawer a tin
nnocentis tai receivedc.,tolda dr
from 1:ul asthtalee ha
totntides of the u
treatmenttner
hepi,
,io;
brute; its recovery, we understand, is barely possible.—
North Devon Advertiser.

TRANQUILLITY.—One day brings on ano,
Cher day ; one year follows another : lit us take the tinier
a. it comes. A hundred years or trouble are not worth
a day of tranquillity. The sources of all pleasures are in
our heart ; he who Berke them elsewhere outrages the
divinity. My projects. my desires, and my hopes never
en beyond my fivers bosom. Rivers roll rapidly to the sea
end enter therein without troubling it ! my heart is the
same; all the events of the great world do not cost me 11
single care. Truth is my compass, and moderati in my
helm. I advance on my way whatever wind may blow.
The clouds arise, and the clouds descend in lain without
causing me any inquietude. When they conceal the sun
from me by day I try to look at the stars by night. The
-mellow in her safe nest sees with a tranquil eye the bloody
combats of the vultures. Let who will conquer, the
conqueror will not molest her ; and the little flies
and worms never fail her. My clothes are made of
common cloth, my food is coarse, and the thatch
which covers my hut decays every year. But what
would it he to me to-morrow to have been dressed in silk
to-day, and to have digested costly dishes? Golilen roofs
do not keep out sleanalessness and care; and were the
ifountry shaken by an earthquake, how easily can I gain
my humble door ! My patrimony is at the end of my two
arm., and every day gives me its harvest. When it is
hot I cool myself in the shade of a tree, and when it
is cold I warm myself by working. Old age is coming
upon me: hut my children are young, and will repay me
fur what I have done for them. If they always observe
truth anti moderatiun, a hundred yeara will ant coat them
a sigh. Whatever tempests may arise, transinillity is a
port always open to the innocent of heart. Heil tran-
quillity of the soul! Sweet charm of life! Kings would
their crowns to buy tLve, if they knew thy value.
Complete thy benefits; thou hest helped me to live well;
help me to die well.— Translation of a (Wattle Poem,
attributed to a celebrated Doctor, named Lean.
INFANT SLAVERY IN ENGLAND.—On
Wednesday JAMES LITTLEWOOD, of High sweet, 'lubber,
shout twenty years of age, was samtnoned before CHRh..
TOMER BECEETT, E.g., and RALEH MARELAND, E-q.,
ihe sitting Magistrates at the Court-house, Leeds, charged
with having age rutted DANIEL RATCLIFFE, a piecener,
about twelve years of age, by striking him with a tarty
roller. The complainant stated that on Friday last, whilst
be was attending to his work as usual at ihreourt Mill,
under the defendant's orders, be desired him to put the
sheet of the carding machine right, and that, whilst he was
doing this, one of the carding ends went through the
frame of the billey, and that in consequence the defendant
got into a passion, seised a billey roller, and struck him
several hard blows with it, which made him quite sick.—
The complainant's mother said that when her buy went
home to his dinner he looked very sickly and ill. She
asked him if he were poorly, and he said no, but that
J .mes (the defendant) had been " rollering" him. She
examined his person, and found three or four black marks
upon his body occasioned by the blows, and one of them.
was swollen to the size of an erg, and gave him much
pain. On the same afternoon she went to the boy's
master, and procured her son's discharge. She described
he wrapon used by the defendant as a wooden roller, tuo
yard. and a halt long, and about as thick as her wrist.—
The defendant denied the charge altogether. He said that
in the early part of the week, some words had passed be-
tween the buy's mother and his master re.rcting his in-
attention to his work, and he was to have been " poked"
on Saturday night. This mails him still more heedle-s,
and he spoiled his work so much that he (c;efendant) could
not act on.—Mr. Beckarr said it was clear that the de-
iendant nod punished the lad in a moat disgraceful manner,
which he had no right to do. and he mn.t therefore teaks
trim satisfaction. The parties then retired, and it was ul-
timately agreed that the procee.finge should be stayed on
he defendant paying a sovereign to the Lei ds Infirmary,
nd the expenses of the summon., mid promising not to
offend again.—Leeds Intelliyencer.
A REAL GHOST !—The following circum-
.t ince has been creating some agitation in the neighlnitir-
hood of Farnham for the last six weeks. In Syderstone
Parsonage lives the Rev. Mr. STEWARD, curate, and
rector of Thwaights. About six week• since an unac-
countable knocking was heard in it in the middle of the
light. The family became warmed, not being able to
discover the cause. Since then it has gradually been be-
coming more violent, until it has now arrived at such a
frightful pitch that one of the servants ties left through
absolute terror. The noises commence almost every
morning about two, and continue until daylight. Some-
times it is a knocking, now in the ceiling overhead, now
in the wall, and now directly under the feet; sometimes
it is a low moaning.:which the Rev. Gentleman says re-
minds him very much of the moans of a soldier on
being whipped; and sometimes it is like the sounding of
brass, the rattling of iron, or the clashing of earthenware
or glass, but nothing in the house is disturbed. It never
speaks, but will beat to a lively tune, and moan at a soiema
one, especially at the morning and evening hymn.. Every
part of the house has been carefully examined, to see that
tmbeers7 and e
oblige wlich
ti always
arouse
to
no one could be secreted, and the doors and windows are
always fastened with the greatest caution. Both the in-
side and outside of the house have been care ully ex-
amined
thedu family
iythfreom theirtimeuslu
f h
get up, but nothing has been discovered. It is heard by
every one present, and enteral ladies and gentlemen in the
during
neighbourhood. who, to satisfy themselves, have remained
all night with Mr. Sizwsees family, have heard the
same noise, and have been equally surprised and frightened.
Mr. STEWARD has also offered any of the tradespeople in
the village an opportunity of remaining in the house and
convincing themselves. The shrieking last Wednesday
week was terrific. It was formerly reported in the vil-
lage that the house was haunted by a rev. gentleman,
whose name was MENIAL, who died the, *beilui,t,trwdeTnott'e
seven years since, and this is now
generally ke church has
the case. His vault, in the inside °f t
one put doun. Tim
lately been ',paired, and a new s:
which h
asadded in
house is adjoining the church-yard,
the honor whir pery dos
no inconsiderable degree 'o
he villager.. The delusion must be very ihgtninualy
conducted, bet at this time of day scarcely any nee tan
be found to believe these noises proceed from any why
than natural eassmrs,-,Malaels iterectry.

. .

SPIRIT OP THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

No question of commercial, financial, or eco-
nomical policy has ever excited greater interest
or anxiety among the great body of- merchants,
shipowners, and tradesmen of the metropolis,
connected with the traffic or the 'supply of the
colonies, than the proposed abolition of negro
slavery; accordingly, -no city meeting was ever
more numerously attended, or more zealously
watched, than the assemblage of the West India
body collected yesterday at the'City of London
Tavern. In addition to the intrinsic value and
agitating nature of the subject, our civic politi-
cians had their curiosity stimulated by the ap-
pearance of a new set of performers on their
boardQ. They saw the actors in the Thatched-
house Tavt rn, St. James's, transferred to the east-
ward ofTemple-bar,and expected,for the first time,
to hear various Noble Lords and landed gentlemen
who, according to their own account, have been
suffering from the infliction of West India pro-
perty for many years past, but are still resolved
not to part with the cause of their sufferings.
These were to mix with the alarmed consignees
of West India produce, or the trembling mort-
gagees of West India estates, in opposing the
Ministerial project of negro emancipation, and
the whole was looked forward to as a most inte-
resting political spectacle. The result did no'
disap;.oint the expectations of such persons, and
hone of the friends of the meeting can be more
eager to assert, than we are willing to admit,
the high respectability of the individuals who
composed it, or who took part in its proceedings.
Nor can anybody more readily acknowledge
their undeniable right and title to make
their views, their wishes, their interests,
and even their alarms (however unfounded)
known to the King, the Parliament, and
the country. Many of them, such as the
Earl of Harevrood, and a dozen of other Peers,
or country gentlemen, have not only a stake in
the colonies, but considerable estates at home;
and others, such as merchants and shipowners,
not only do the business of our slave plantations,
but have a great, direct, and immediate interest
in 'the general trade, manufactures, and naviga-
tion of the empire. But, making all these
admissions, and being ready to concur in every-
thing else that can be said in behalf of the
wealth, fair fame, and private respectability of the
parties who met at the City of London Tavern
yesterday, we can by no means pronounce in
favour of their discretion, their knowledge, their
prudence, or their wisdom. They certainly
abstained from many irritating topics which had
been introduced into previous discussions,—
they did not presume before a British public to
defend slavery in the abstract, or to insist upon
its beneficial perpetuity among the institu-
tions of the empire,—they did not echo the
language of the Jamaica parish meetings,
or of the Jamaica Legislative Assembly, and
talk about the duty becoming rebels because
they could no longer remain oppressors--they
did not hint an intention of throwing off their
allegiance, or of resisting the authority of the
British Parliament, should it pass the obnoxious
decree,—but, short of these extravagances, their
speeches and resolutions must be admitted to be
both mischievous and dangerous. Instead of
tendering their advice to the Government for
the improvement of a plan adopted after much
anxious deliberation (the details of which are
still expressly left open for future correction or
arrangement), they pass a sweeping sentence of
condemnation upon Ministers for accomplishing
too precipitately, and with too much violence, an
object which the great body of the nation blame
them for having too long neglected, and for now
endeavouring to effect by a two tardy and inde-
cisive process, intended to consult the interests
of the planter by a continued sacrifice of the
rights and welfare of the negro population. In-
stead of declaring that, being hostile to the
possession of property in their fellow-man, they
only desire a fair consideration or compensation
for the eventful lost-es which the change from
slavery to freedom may produce in the manage.
ment of their estates, they talk still of the negroes
as chattels, and presume that Government
intends to plunder them first, in order after-
wards to expose their plantations to fire,
and their agents or persons to massacre.
If they really desire the abolition of slavery (upon
seeing that it can no longer be maintained), let
them tell us what compensation they would ex-
pect for their « property," or at what price they
would willingly co-operate with the friends of
justice and hutbanity in washing out the foul
stain which adheres to the national conscience.
This is their only right,—this ought to be their
only duty. But in the whole scheme of their
resolutions, and in the whole course of their
speeches, they seemed to consider themselves as
acting, not on their own behalf, as against the
nation, in demanding a fair indemnity in case of
loss, but for the British nation against its Parlia-
ment, against his Majesty's Ministers, arid against
our coloured population. Hence they begin by
telling us of the importance of the colonies to

the mother country, of the quantity of shipping
which they employ, and of the amount of taxes
which their produce brings into the Exchequer.
By such a resolution they, of course, mean to
insinuate that all those who are friends to negro
emancipation are, by the very terms of the pro-
position, enemies to our colonies, to our ship-
ping, and to our revenue ; and they thus cover
their own ill-understood interests, or long-che-
rished prejudices, under the cloak of a patriotic
impeachment of their fellow-subjects. Then come
predictions of the loss of our naval superiority
by the emancipation of the blacks, that emanci-
pation being always taken as equivalent to the
loss of our colonial possessions. Their argu-
ment, rambling as it is, seems to be the
fol-
lowing :—A negro can never work without the
application of the cart-whip. He can never work
from the same motives of other men, namely, the
stimulus of adequate wages, or the desire of accu-
mulating the means of comfort. The abandon-
ment of the lash Will therefore be the extinction
of industry,—the extinction of industry will be
the destruction of our sugar and coffee planta-
tions,—the loss of those will lead to the loss of
the shipping employed in bringing colonial pro-
duce to Europe,—that will lead to the loss of
the 7,000,000/, of revenue levied on such pro-
duce, to the consequent ruin of our artisans,
manufacturers, and tradesmen who prepare
articles for the colonial market, and to the injury,
if not ruin, of all the persons who now derive
their incomes or annuities from colonial property.
Now, it is plain that all this superstructure of
terror and alarm is founded on the gratuitous
assumption that the negro will never work unless
he is treated like a brute, and that he must be

everlastingly kept like a brute, if we desire that
our West India plantations should he cultivated,
or our Exchequer enriched wid: sugar duties.
But so far is this from being a self•_evident maxim
or a necessary truth, that it is denied by all those
who demand negro emancipation, that it
has been a thousand times proved to be

false, and is contradicted by an extensive ex-
perience in the very colonies to which it is ap-
plied. On this subject we have not room at
present to enter, but we would recommend those
who read the speeches delivered at the London
rem ,
..ern yesterday to confront them with an ex-
cellent pamphlet by Mr. Cropper, of Liverpool,
sent us a few days ago, entitled Interests of
the Country and Prosperity of the West India
PlaPters mutually Secured by the immediate
Abolition (2f Slavery. We were rather amused
to observe the dexterous manner in which an
Hon. Ship-owner attempted to repeat his old
objections to the " reciprocity system," on a
question of negro emancipation ; but we cannot
think that his execution was so happy as his
design. His allusion to America, was certainly
very unlucky, and his want of success ought to
counsel him not to venture beyond the Sound
or the Baltic trade. The proportion of our
trade with the United States carried on in Bri-
ti,h bottoms last year did not amount, he as-
sures us, to more than one-tenth of that carried
on in American bottoms ! Has this relative
quantity altered of late; and, if so, from what
cause ? Not, sorely, from the reciprocity sys-
tem, which has existed with the United States
of America since 1815, and which, indeed, was
founded on a treaty that subsequently became
the model of all our similar compacts with other
commercial and maritime states. The following
tire the chief articles of the treaty in question :
" No higher or other duties or charges shall be imposed
in any of the ports of the United States on British vessels
than those payahle in the same ports by vessels of the
United Sta.es ; nor in the ports of any of his Britannic
Majesty's territories in Europe on the vessels of the United
Stares than shall be payable in the same ports on British
vessels,
" The same duties shall be paid on the importation into
the United States of any articles, the growth, produce, or
manufacture of his Britannic Majesty's territories in Eu-
rope, whether such importations shall be in vessels of the
United States or in British vessels ; and the same duties
shall be paid nn the importation into the ports of any of
his Britannic Majesty's territories in Europe of any article,
the growth, produce, or manufacture of the United States,
whether such importation shall be in British vessels or in
vessels of the United States,"
The Americans refused to trade with us on
any other conditions, and what we were obliged
to concede to the powerful Government of the
United States we could not refuse to the more
feeble commercial navies of northern Europe.
Hence the origin and justification of that change
in our navigation laws which Mr. Young is so
zealous to condemn, but which no English Go-
vernment could at first have prevented, or can
now alter, without entailing on ourselves greater
evils than we inflict upon others. We may men-
tion, by the way, for Mr. Young's benefit, that
the Americans have in this respect followed the
policy of Great Britain, and that still their enter-
prise is such as to give them a manifest advan-
tage over all other nations who take their pro-
duce or trade to their shores. In the year
ending September, 1830, of a total of imports
amounting to the value of 70,876,920 dollars
only 4,841,181 were imported in foreign vessels.
—Times.

We can only refer our readers to the very
ample report which we have given of the great
West India meeting, held yesterday at the City
of London Tavern. It w►ll be seen from the
resolutions that the meeting are opposed to the
Ministerial scheme of emancipation, which they
predict will destroy our own colonies, while it
will directly encourage the slave trade and slavery
in foreign countries. We foresee that the Mi-
nisterial measure will encounter desperate oppo-
sition in the commercial world, and it is but
natural that this should be so. The number of
families whose fortunes are more or less con-
nected in ith the West Indies as planters, mort•
ogees, shipowners, &c., in this metropolis and
the other great ports, is immense. Mr.
Horsley Palmer, who stated himself to be in no
way connected with the West India colonies,
observed that " the present is a reckless mea-
sure—(Cheers)—leading to a reckless spoliation
—(Cheers)--destructive of everything which
ought to be saved in the shipping and com-
mercial interests of the country, and on the
mortgages, annuities, and settlements of every
kind on West Indian property.—(Loud cheers.)
By heavens, my Lord, these Ministers have
brought forward a measure, which if it were pos-
sible to be carried—(Hear, hear)—endangers
the property of every man in the kingdom and
its dependencies.—(Loud cheering.)" We
ourselves do not believe that the Ministerial
plan will work. And this is, we suspect, the
opinion of all those who know any thing of the
West Indies. The planter and the slave will
be instantly brought into collision, and were
there a Magistrate for every plantation it would
be impossible to preserve order. We confess
we desire for the sake of Ministers, to whom we
wish well, that the plan were withdrawn, for we
foresee that if they persist in it, they will soon
have cause for bitter repentance.—Morn. Chron.
It must be wholly unnecessary for us to point
the attention of our readers to the meeting
which was held yesterday in the city of London.
We venture to say that the British metropolis
never witnessed an assemblage better entitled to
attention, or more certain► to command it. If

knowledge and exi crience are entitled to a hear-
ing upon a subject in which ignorance and folly
have already spoken in the loudest tones ; if
probity and honour deserve the ascendancy over
cant, hypocri'y, and affectation ; if a most valu-
able and important class of our fellow-subjects,
already deeply injured, and now threatened with
utter ruin, have the right to remonstrate against
the destructive purpose of those who seek to
complete their destruction ; if the West India
colonies, the manufacturing induAry, the mer-
cantile greatness, the naval power of Great
Britain are national objects, of equal value to
the official credit of Mr. Stanley and the gratifi-
cation of the ignorant or insincere frequenters
of conventicles, then we may confidently say that
the conclusive reasoning, the solemn warnings,
the earnest remonstrances which proceeded from
the meeting of yesterday ought not to be,
cannot be, disregarded. We do not dweil
upon the rank and social importance of the
speakers, or of the crowd who listened, as-
sented, and confirmed, and we abstain from doing
so only because we feel that the importance
of the occasion which called the meeting toge-
ther sis so overwhelming as to admit of no ad-
ventitious increase. The meeting was composed
-of men of probity, who expressed their sincere
opinions upon the plan proposed•by Government
for the: extinction of negro slavery. It was
composed of men who know the West Indies,
and possess superior means for forming a judg-
ment upon that project. No higher claims to
attention can be imagined. We fear that the
scheme for the extinction of negro slavery will
turn out to be only one of the multitudinous
blunders of our present illustrious Ministry.
The general impression concerning it, anion,
!hose who are conversant with the actual
thatconfili::
tion of the West India Aslands, is,
errors of detail will be found so numerous and

absurd as to render it wholly impracticable, and

to necessitate the concoction of some other plan
altogether new in its leading character and pro-
visions. Yet we have heard men who wish to
pass for persons of discernment, give the Whigs
credit for establishing the principle that
slavery should he abolished, and thus obtain-
ing a great moral triumph for the commu-
nity. We shall, therefore, take leave to offer
one or two observations upon the principle
in question, in connection with the Minis-
terial plan. First, we observe that if there be
any merit in promising a legislative recognition
of the principle that slavery ought to be abo-
lished, that merit belongs, not to the Whigs, but
to the Tories. The resolutions carried by Mr.
Canning in 1823 first embodied' this principle,
and impressed upon it indelibly the sanction of
a British House of Commons. From the
moment of the passing of those resolutions the
extinction of slavery has been merely a question
of time and circumstances, and it has been so
treated by the West Indian body, who have no
abstract love for slavery, and only deprecate
open or disguised spoliation. Mr. Stanley
acted judiciously, therefore, as an advocate,
when he placed the resolutions of so distin-
guished a Minister as Mr. Canning, as well as
the recorded sentiments of his great master, Mr.
Pitt, in the foreground of his argument in the
late debate. But, more than this, we are pre
pared to maintain that the principle of Mr.
Canning's resolutions is infinitely superior, in a
moral point of view, to the principle of the
Ministerial scheme. In contemplating the ex-
tirpation of slavery, Mr. Canning recognised
the right of the planter to claim compensation for
his loss of property, not from the slave himself;
but from the British nation ; whereas,
the Ministerial plan proposes to let the mother
country go free, and to divide the contingen.
loss of emancipation between the slave and the
planter. Now we beg to suggest to the worthy
members of the Society of Friends, and to the
other well-meaning advocates of abolition, that
this mode of dealing with the difficulty is little
better than swindlii g. Let the existence of
slavery be as great a crime and as great a curse
as the abolitionists represent, it is still a crime
and a curse which has not only been casually
recognised, but positively established and rigidly
upheld, by this country, for ages together. We,
the collective British empire, and not the planters,
have been and are the great supporters of slavery.
The system has, in point of fact, been fastened
upon the necks of the present generation of
planters and slaves, without any lank of their
own, by the laws and institutions of the State.
The planters inherited slaves, and the slaves
inherited slavery. Why ? Because the laws of
Great Britain enacted that such should be the
case, and neither party could escape from the
giant power by which the system was created and
upheld. If, moreover, the doctrine now put
forth by the abolitionists of the absolute
supremacy of the British Parliament over
the colonies be correct, we are respon-
sible, not only for our own direct legislation on
slavery, but also for all the legislation of the co-
lonial assemblies, which, it would seem, we had
the right to prevent if it were improper, and
sanctioned, inasmuch as we did not prevent it.
The supreme power of the State, therefore,
having, in every possible way, recognised and
identified itself with this kind of property, is
bound on every principle to indemnify the suf-
fering parties. be they planters or slaves, for any
damage to which they may be subjected from a
legislative change. If the legal property of the
planter in the slave be an immoral property, be-
cause opposed to eternal justice, let it cease by
all means ; and let it cease too at the earliest
moment at which it can cease without inflicting
additional injury on the victims of atatecedent
injustice ; but the State must be held responsible
to the planter for giving him such a property.
The State, it seems, is at length smitten with re-
morse for having dealt in stolen goods. We are
glad to hear it, and rejoice that the jurisdiction of
conscience extends to States as well as to indivi-
duals; but the State must not think to get rid of
its burden without ample restitution to the
parties it has injured—without, in fact, restoring
the purchase money. Now Mr. Canning's re-
solutions, to which Mr. Stanley appeals, and by
which all parties are willing to abide, specially
provide for this " due regard to the rights of
property ;" they declare the fact that slavery
should be abolished, and also recognise the prin-
ciple upon which alone the abolition can
honestly take place. We only ask that the
Ministerial plan should be compared in the
forthcoming discussion with these resolutions
upon which it professes to be founded. No loss,
no risk, should fall on the planter beyond his
fair share as a member of the British community.
The estates in Jamaica would not be permitted
to suffer by the experiment more than the estates
in Yorkshire if the emancipators had any real
love for that justice to which they so loudly
appeal. We submit, with all deference, that
lending a man money is no compensation for a
loss actual or possible, immediate or remote.
We also suggest that if the same quantity of la-
bour be not bestowed upon the plantations after
the emancipation, as before, without- extra
charge, these plantations will be by so much
reduced in value; and we find no provision in
the plan to make good such not improbable
deficiency. If, on the other hand, the same

quantity of labour be given, are Ministers quite
sure that the negroes will be content with the
boasted boon of liberty ? If' a strong police be
required to prevent the nurselings of freedom
from becoming vagabonds, thieves, and incen-
diaries, who is to pay for this police ? What-
ever plan be adopted, justice surely requires that
a distinct national pledge should be given that
Parliament will hold itself responsible for any
unexpected damage that may occur in the pro-
gress of the experiment to the property of the
islands. The responsibility of the whole scheme
devolves peculiarly upon the Government at the
present period, as time monstrous blundering of
the Reform Bill has robbed not only the West
Indies, but all our other colonies, of their
equitable share in the representation of the em-
pire. Taxation without representation, is the
fatal doctrine of " the Bill," to all but ten-
pounders of the home population. For this,
also, Ministers are responsible.----MorningPo,,t.

Nearly twelve months have elapsed since Lord
Brougham announced his project for divesting
the Chancellor of his ordinary ju,licial functions
change without which all attempts to im-
prove our equity tribunals must be abortive and
ineffectual. The project excited a good deal of
public attention at the time, as it involved a
sacrifice on the part of the Chancellor, to which
it would be vain to seek a parallel in the pages
of legal biography,
l
beilgnothing less than the
moderatereduction salary to one-half
o
its present amount. But why is not this project
embodied in the form of a Bill ? It cannot be
that Lord Brougham possesses less disinterested-

less than formerly—such a suspicion can exist ill
he mind of no one who has attentively marked

his brilliant career. It cannot be that he awaits
the moment when he shall have subdued the
arrears of his Court, for he has already per-
formed that stupendous work. There can exist
no impediment to the development of this
scheme but the sluggishness and timidity that
have marked so many of the proceedings of the
present Ministers, and have been the cause that
some of the most beneficial measures of the last
two years are regarded as having been slowly and
unwillingly extorted from them, and not as
having originated in their own notions of
justice or sound policy. It is certainly not
a little singular, that whilst the toils which our
criminal law spread to entrap the life and liberty
of the subject, in the reigns of the Tudors and the
Stuarts, have long since been detected, and al-
most entirely destroyed, yet that most of the
spots that disfigured our civil judicature remain
unchanged, except indeed that they now cover a
wider surface, and have assumed a darker hue ;
and the darkest and most widely-spreading of
these spots is to be found on the body of our
great equity tribunal. A political officer, over-
whelmed with other duties, is still intrusted with
the decision of equity suits, although as long
since as the days of Wolsey and of Bacon, they
were found too numerous for his judicial grasp
—and the unavailing effort to master them at a
later period cost the lives of a King and a
Talbot. This stain, at least, should be removed
from our judicial organization, and Lord
Brougham will ill discharge his duty, if he longer
neglects it. His motive will not be mistaken.
He wants no relief. Under him Chancery delay
has ceased to be a proverb. But it is not for
himself that he is required to legislate. The
principle that confounds the judicial with the
political office is equally had, although the
transcendent qualities of one man may for a
time render the evil consequences less per-
ceptible. We have a right to expect that the
Chancellor will redeem the pledge that he gave
at the close of the last session of Parliament, or
that he should assign smile satisfactory cause
for delaying a reform which interests almost
every mat, in the kingdom who has or may have
any claim to personal or lauded property.—
Morning Chronicle.
The city meeting of the West India body, a
report of which we present to our readers under
the proper head, serves to show that the hostility
of that body to the Government plan for the
abolition of slavery has abated nothing of its
force. A meeting of the abolitionists, held on
Monday week, at Leeds, but which the crowded
state of our columns prevents us from inser ing,
shows that the party most opposed in principle
and spirit to the %Vest India proprietors agree
with them in one thing—an unceasing aversion
to the Government plan, which they ate deter-
mined, if possible, to defeat. One would think
that it required some ingenuity to bring about a
coalition between two such extreme parties as
those we have named. Mi. Stanley, however,
or the Ministry with which he is connected.
has exhibited that ingenuity, by bringing forth a
plan which neither party could approve, but
which both might, with perfect consistency, unite
in opposing. Though prophecy is at all tines
a dangerous funciion, especially when it is exer-
cised upon events so near at hand as to be likely
to take place before the prophecy itself is forgotten,
we may venture to pronounce that Ministers will
never be able to carry their plan through Parliament
in its present form, much less to carry it into exe-
cution, if Parliament should give its sanction to
the attempt. Whether we consult the West
India or the Anti-Slavery people, we hear ob-
jections from both sides, but objections to its
principles and details, and a total denial of its
practicability as an operative measure. The re-
cent appointment of Mr. Stanley to the Colonial
Office is not sufficient to account for so crude
and ill-digested a specimen of legislation as his
p oject affords ; for 'the subject had been long
under the consideration of his predecessor ;
and there was no reason why a member of the
same Administration, nay, of the same Cabinet,
should not adopt the plan of his colleague,
rather than break fresh ground for himself at so
short a notice, and with so little chance of doing
Justice to a subject of such importance. Must
we come to the conclusion either that his col-
league had no plan, or that the plan was so de-
fective as to justify Mr. Stanley in rejecting it
even in favour of an attempt so worthless as his
own ? We shall look forward with anxiety to
the forthcoming discussion in Parliament. The
question is of vast importance, indeed of such
importance that no attempt at legislation, how-
ever paltry, can be attended with other than ex-
tensive results for good or for evil, on such a
subject. It may be an absurd or a foolish
scheme, but it cannot be a harmless or an in

different one, which all parties concur in depre-
cating.—Morning Herald.
At the risk of any charge of illiberality which
it may bring upon us, we do not at alt hesitate
to express our regret at the manner in which
the legitimate drama of the country is in the
act of being driven from the boards of what
have been emphatically called the two National
Theatres. Even in conquered countries, nothing
is so difficult, and generally impossinle, as to
supplant the native language, and replace it by
that of the invaders ; but in England, at least in
the British metropolis, which gives the tone in
such matters to the rest of the kingdom, we see
that portion of its language which has spoken
more than any other to the heart, and has been

a main instrument in forming the taste and
manners of the people, suddenly driven, as it
were, out of existence, to make way for a sub-
stitute whose real merits we do not mean at all
