THE NELVON.

•
The COURT having retttulated the circutnstangefl of this
tare, pronoanced for the bon executed by Browne, the, mott r,
to Ntr. Phillips, of Vape of Good Hope.

To preserve Fruit or ..Pkwers.--Mix lib, of
nitre with 21int, of bole anitriortiat and slb,. of clean won't"
sand ; then, in dry weather. take fruit of any sort, which is not
fully. ripe, allowing the stalks to remain, and pot them ono b
one into it open glass till it is quite ; cover the glass with
oiled cloth closely tied down. Yut the glace 3or 4 inches down
in the earth, in a. dry'eellar and surrounded on all sides to the
depth of 3or 4 inches with ehr, Amer tniature. The tinit wilt
thus be preserved fresh all the year round.

Insolvent'd son being called and examined, tiwore that be had
pait', to his father the whole of the 321. in etiyarefens and silver,
wtthotit any deduction, and that the distresi was levied about a
'fortnight after the bill of sale was executed, upon which he
(witness) paid the amount, which was a few days afterwards re-
paid by tho insolvent. The insolvent and his wife had con--
tinued in possession of the property Some tithe after this.
Mr. /relent submitted that this wax a fraud on the credi-
tors, and the gross contradiction . between the atatemetsts of the
father and son confirmed' his view of the case.
PoeeoCk, 'On the eontrary; contended that the transfer
was bona fide, and that the full value of the property had been
paid to the insolvent for it.
Mt COmmissionee HARRIS said it was utterly impossible
•to believe both the, insolvent and his son, their vtatementri
being so materially contradictive of each ether ; but view-'
in the case in the most favoureble' light the insolvent could
wish , it, he ought net at that time to have made any, dis-
position of his property, beieg, according to his own sche-•
dole, • perk*. insolvent. ()Here the insolvent interrupted
the learned ' this, * missioner, by denying and bring severely
repriman •,A begged perdon.l lie had at that tittle
bills ov , 'id dishonoured, and a'judgment banging
over liish !is Mai might at any moment have swept oll' every-
thing he had. Under the circumstances, it Was a fraud on all
hit' creditors to make the transfer he had made of his property.;
and the person who had prepared' the bill of sale and insolvent's
' son stniall in a seriou* situation, under another section' of the
Act, for assisting the ineoleent to make sway with his propertyr
The jUdgment of the Court; therefore, was; that the insolvent
should not receive or be entitled to 'any benefit or protection
under the Act, for fraittlulentlY making away with his property
Whereby the dividend amongst his creditors was lessened, until
he had been in eustody„.at the suit of some one or More of the
persona Who were creditors, for a. period not exceeding six
months, from the date of filing his petition, and that Such ire'
.
prisenment be within the walls. •
John Rolls Whitmore came up for final hearing. The in'
Solvent was opposed by Messre. 1-leath,-66131ditlithw abki fiat%
nail, on behalf of a' masa creditorst hereaftef named, aril" e.
Pollock supported the insolVent'o petition. -
Mr. .FiraTtt raid 'he appeared against the petitioner; ort be;
half of AloSsrs. Stunts, for a tailor's bill, 107/. ; Messrs.
ilugleel and H ()tisk has, for twrvants' awry, 11W ; Air. St3tituni.
for medicine, &c., 211. ; Air. Simpson, 'for • lodgins the inew
vent's mistress, 10f.; .111 r. Nichols, as the insider of a bill bear-
ing the insolvent's name, 30/. Alr. hoe's, fin boots, lee. 20/. ;
.Ir. Hatnblin, law...stationer.,Bo4. th. Pad;, and sceeral others.
DIIHTNALL followed on the lltMe side for a debt of 451.
due for claret, and the mare substantial article (as he *ed)
of turtle, Otc., due to a tavern-keeper in the eastern Part of the
• nittroptilitt.
. The insolvent was then examined at an unusual length touch-
ing his estate and Gets.
rite insolvent stated that he commenced his professional pur»
suits, at his chambers, in Lincoln's Inn, in the, yeist 1817 (but,
in the interim to 1821, he became Involved in d*)bt, and a ruler
of the liiug's Bench prison. lie owed at the time near 4,000 e ;.
his creditors; however; with the exception of a fowl accepted a
compesitteri of bs. in the poOnd, in full satistaeticai et their
debts. , _ . •

The insolvent Was questioned by Counsel ati. to his means (,f
satisfying the liquidated demand ; he stated that he had obtained
an annuity, upon expectancies, and being in arrear with his father,
Felix 'Whitmore, Esq in order .to raise money to pay utf
those annuities, he assigned over to him 4001. which,lty. virtue
of a marriage settlement, would eventerdly come tollim en
the demise of hii mother ; and also. 70W., to' which he Otis
entitled by virtue .of scone testamentary grant,. at the death
(as we underatood) of William Whitmore,. Esq. his. uncle?-.
The fund so raised enabled him to compromise with ilia
creditors, and emancipate himself front the cuitotly. of the
'Marshal. The insolvent went on to state, that during the last
six years his clothier's bills, paid and unpaid; amounted to near
6001., and the hatters' and boottnitkers' in proportion ; his
tavern bills might be about 650/. during the same term ; ad-
' milted that he pawnelabrce anuff-boats for 14, but the drop-
" ing case inquired about he returned to the vendor. lle farther
admitted that he had pledged watches for. the turn named, but
the duplicates were handed over to parties. to whom he owed
money, except two, which were taken from him irutho Kiev's
Bench prison. ".Vtie profit of his profession was about bUti•
tired u-y ear.
The insolvent underwent an esautiontion
by, which it appeared Rig trey.had pursued twit ettriVagatii
tool profligate course. Amongst other things, the insolvent ad-
!flitted, is his'aosta-examinanon. that he on one occasion Intr.
chatted a anuMbox for 7001, which he soon afterwards, disposed
of for 40W.
Mr. 11r.a.rit and Mr. DORT miti.t. then prayed the 'Clitltito‘
remand the insolvent, under the 10th section of the Act...
Mr. Pora-ocx, for the insolent, would not for a moment
stand there to vindicate extravagance" yet he was bound, to
offer mitiltatory obsetvationa. lf n charge .0f improvidence
was to become -a groond of remand, then almost every pmi..
tioner to that Court would be remanded.
• The.CIIIEF. CO MMtBBloNtit,.in delivering the judgment
of the Court on the insolvent, passed some strong anirnad.vor..-
sions on his conduct, which was worse than either extravagance
or improvideuce.. Therefore, the judgment of. the Court was,
" that he should be remanded to custody lathe twits of • tile
opposing creditors for the period of HI monthat for .fraudo-
lently contracting debts with them, anti that. he should tie;
during. such period, confined within the Walls of the...prison,
and be further deprived of all its rules andprivilerett:" -
-John Marshall was opposed by Mr: lleath,
m Jaes 31arshall, the insnivent's landlord, The itoiolvz.nt had
been arrested for 171. rent, whish, both hert4o and at the ItOle
of the are it, he attinitted in the fullest manner .:ilt )u-illy'
tote.. He afterwards pleaded the metal issue.; but
!viten dtil
'range came to trial, made no tit:knee. 011411..°:'144eti
costa on the action 41110%)faett vott. PlaOtlt. t,..tortter
n the r 0 an witivit wor poi cootradt‘ted by
prove( a AC ,
" the insolvent.
Rave the j4dilturnt of the °mitt
vA vtct for :tti:csTo nnotintut
tih:enaSietirvil;l.AtattneVelit:lll43l4bLo7ttliti !‘kto t;,111100, oats tt'at
he should be ctintine4 the which of that t.twr wit run rl,ka
of the prison.

.
Ottt ' h If ' i
BAILING 1410013ERY•—•Ab --4-...1)4z,i ii.fle
ulticaceioeictLuotiarilitt4fivrlasigt;tot,l4,o4-7 --011plietle"—wotevi't11.y:n,b81;uttilitilotitilier„:
iinsiamtleet-rood, by two TP4OO, atit or wham ,knpeked
hiiu own, awl the othke robbt =bini.,of a taluirouttplb It Ith
gold chtiftl, two itolti oeol4, hod ey; both d*Cteli thew tical)e,

PARIS PAPERS. •

Pants, Jutv 10.—We have received a'letter'
from Cadiz, stating, that a convoy of .150 mules,
laden with corn, which were endeavouring to
enter that city, have •been taken by our troops.
The pregnancy of the Queen is confirmed.
As soon as the dethronement of the King, so
audaciously pronounced by the Cortes, was
known at Burgos,all the inhabitants were fired with
indignation. The Political Chief caused 25 of the
most furio►rs of the Revolutionists to be arrested,
and at the same time informed them that their
lives IYould be made responsible for that of the
Irin ;,aud that their confinement would be co-
existent with the slavery of dm Monarch.

A letter from Gerona, dated the sth instant,
confirms the statement we published yesterday,
that Minalsill from the effects of a fall from his
horse.

NlAmitn, JULY 3.—Previonsly to hiR departure, M. de
Alartignac suldreßsed the following Letter to the Regency of
the Kingdom
" TO. THEIR SERENE WIOHNFASE9 COIIIPOSING THE
IIIgOENCY OF THE KINGDOM AT MAIMID,

`‘ MADRID, JULY 2.—The honourable mission with which
his Most Christian Majesty deigned to charge nie to hi* Royal
Highness the Prince General in Chief, was only to last until
the moment when Spain, restored to legitimate authority, and
yoverned by her King, should be reaoncileil to Europe,.snd
:those diplomatic relations re-established, which -revolutionary
fury hail interrupted. This moment has arrived, and the Am-
bassador of the King of France has entered this capital, in.
which were already assembled the Envoys of several august
Sovereigns
Ilir 1F uesty deigns to instruct me to return, at the same
time adding new marks of his goodness to that which he had
already granted rothand'his Royal Highness, whose favour has
also recompensed my zeal, authorises me to proceed whither
other duties demand my presence.
" My relations.with the Regency, consequently, are about
to cease, and the ptesent Note is designed to inform your
'Serene Highness of my &Picture, and respectfully to take
leave of you.
" I bear with me the hope, that your Serene Highnesses will
preserve some recollection of, tholieal with which you hare eon_
scantly Seta nie animated, for the deliverance of the King and
the welfare of Spain.
" my part ',shall to the end of my life, entertain pro-
fuund gratitude Air the proofs of esteem and good-will which
your Highnesses have-evinced towards me during the course of
a mission which has, occasionally, been difficult and puinfiil,
and I will unite to my ardent prayers for the prosperity of this
generous ,nation especial good wishes towards the illustrious
Depositutieli cif sovereign. authority.
i 4 I havothe honour to be, &e.
(Signed) "• DE MARTIGNAC."
The following is the reply of the:Regency to M. de Martig-
nits, (7ouncillor of State to his Meet. Christian Majesty, Vice-
President of the Chamber of Deputies, and deputed In the
quality of Civil Commissary to his Royal Highness the Duke
d'A ogouleinti
