PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.

A 13ILL FOR IMPROVING THE POLICE IN THE
DISTRICT OF DUBLIN METROPOLIS.
The Preamble runs thus :—Whereas it is expedient to sub-
stitute a new and more efficient system of Police in lieu of that
now established within the limits of the district of Dublin Me-
tropolis, and to constitute an Office of Police, which, acting
under their/mediate authority of the Secretary of the Lord
Lieutenant, shall direct and control the whole of such new
system of Police within those limits.
The following- furnishes a titular abstract of the principal
provisions of the Bill, as prepared and recently brought in by
Lord Morpeth and Sergeants Perrin and O'Loughlen :
esta-
blish 1 empowers the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to este-
bit a new Police Office for the Metropolis, and the sur-
rounding district, and to appoint two persons as Justices, to
conduct the business of the Office under the directions of the
Chief or Under Secretary. The Justices need not haire any
+qualification of estate, provided they act only for the preser-
vation of the peace, the prevention of crimes, the detection
and committal of offenders, and in carrying into execution the
purposes of this Act.
Oath to roe taken by the Justices.
Salary of the Justices to be 800/.
„,.A Police Force for the whole district to he appointed.
The Justices may make regulations for the management of
the Police Force. Policemen may be suspended or dismissed
by the Justices.
4Penalty not exceeding 5/. on publicans harbouring police-
,lduring the hours of duty.
The 7th clause empowers the police to apprehend disturbers
°f .1
the peace, and also suspicious characters found between
quriscl and the hour of eight o'clock in the forenoon lying in
yin'an ighway, yard or other place, or loitering therein, and not
gh:g a sutisfactory account of themselves.
Assaults on policemen punishable by fine not exceeding 5/.
Constables attending at the watch-houses in the night may
ftake bail by recognizance from persons brought before them
or Petty misdemeanors ; such recognizance to be conditioned
the fault appearance of the parties before a magistrate. In de-
b cd. a
earing may ppearance, recognizance to be forfeited. Time of
be postponed.
.The Lord-Lieutenant may appoint a person to be the re-
celrer, at a salary of 461/. lls., of all monies applicable to the
Purposes of this Act, who shall give security. The money to
e Placed in the Bank of Ireland, and drawn out by the re-
ceiver, whose drafts are to be countersigned, and his accounts
audited.
Salaries and wages of policemen to be regulated by the
Chief or Under Secretary. Rewards for activity and super-
annuation allowances.
, Justice, &c. under this Act to sit in Parliament. No
solstice, receiver, policeman, &c. appointed under this Act, to
vote at certain elections under a penalty of 100/.
The present police, &e. in the metropolitan district shall
continue until it shall be notified that the new police is ap-
po°h'teed, and then all watchboxes, arms, &c. shall be given up
t new
Ipolice.
ustices to raise like taxes as resent divisional Justices.
The collectors of the police tax shall receive six-pence in the
pound on the sums collected by them.
Collector to give security for faithful discharge of his duty,
and to account on oath.
Collectorsoiketors to furnish their accounts of receipts to Justices
weekly.
jus • to pay t
oirenees heir balances to the Receiver weekly.
tie° vr ay order any Collector to attend, and fine him for
Justices to raise and levy all taxes and arrears.
ac 'visional Justices to deliver up to Receiver all books of
....°°untr of receipts, taxes, &c., within ten days after required
to o.
Ac
,rheounts to be laid before Parliament annually.
ceive aoth clause enacts, that if any of the said Justices, Re-
soe r, Constables, or other persons holding any office what-
or aver, under or by virtue of this act, shall, by age, sickness,
andldeetr become unable to perform the duties of such office,
_banal therefore resign or be removed from the same, it
othe,,a May be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or
hein,„';,.ief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time
pension " he or they shall think proper so to do, to direct that a
police-4 charged on the funds applicable to the support of the
paioestabrishment, clear of all taxes and deductions, shall be
•saiar every such person, not exceeding two-thirds of the
previ Payable to each person by virtue of this Act, immediately
7in lens to his so resigning or being removed : Provided, that
1,-4erson shall be entitled to receive any such pension or al-
shailre unless he shall be above the age of sixty years,. or
by ar, aye served twenty-five years, or shall have been disabled
not
a: unavoidable accident or permanent
'„l3.erforrnance of his duty under this Act.
'tights, powers, disease acquired in
&c. of °divisional justices to continue when
eied by this Act.
lion ammo,__, &C. for offences punishable on summary convic-
Ider this Act. Limitation of time for such proceedings.
varlcs frombe scale of imprisonment for non-payment of penalties
two to six months,
s according to the amount of fine.
...N: removal by certiorari, nor warrant rendered invalid by
1) oy 'nformality.

WEIGHTS .
to %&BILL has been reeentANDl ' re-committed MEASURES
(of which the fol-
-01-o:,fu!nishes a summary)) to repeal the Act passed in the
tad an sth year of his present Majesty, relating to weights
tneasures.
to tPpointments, &c. under 4 and 5 William IV., o. 49, not
e interfered with.
dutl.lrovisions in former Acts as to models and copies of stan-
d weights and measures repealed.
/7ei
iNiperintending Officer of Exchequer may verify and stamp
pct
the A and measures of other form than those prescribed by
Oot 5 Geo. IV. c. 74.
to;oenail,:nadnyeustomary measures abolished.
Not to prevent sale of articles in vessel, not represented as
o Heapedn, t e
ntarneasaumreouanbtoloisfhiemdp.erial or local measure.
of weights and measures to be stamped on them.
are 4'glits made of lead or pewter afford facility to fraud, and
cLouierefore not to be stamped.
quart Pies of the imperial standards to be provided by order of
Sect) el' sessions in England, and by meeting of Justices in
nand.
ptPaoliotment of inspectors.
Act, BectY on using weights and measures not authorised by
No Iv •
.vet eight above 561hs. to be inspected or stamped..
Coal' 0 to require wooden or wicker measures used in sale of x r glass, &c. to be stamped.
tine Per.lse of providing copies of standard weights, and re-
eratio to inspectors, to be defrayed out of county rate, &c.
Penalt
pesorn residing
inspector knowingly stamping weight, &c. of
eigi,sts'ulg ont of district.
staluPed; -4. 144 measures once stamped, need not be re-
Power ...` ctrid 5 William IV. C. 49.
*Peet we g'
"•,.., Justices and Inspectors to enter shops, and in-
Penal ill and measures
ties
are fixed for various. offences against the Act.
A. Bits, fori theß LIC PEACE IN IRELAND.
',meat f. better -prevention and more speedy pu-
,,, The i',,o uftenees endangering the public peace. in Ir.ela.nd.l
tirevisio -.iw—
Lordns '--- "g supplies a short summary of its principal
Court neLieutenant in Council may order an extraordinary.
Ireland.' General Sessions to be holden for any county in
Pr
anyeedi_
ugs of Court not to be removed by Certiorari,. &c.
place Iwiregistered person found at night with Arms in any
tire,„ eve his dwelling-house, or during day or night, with
gliiitynnot,,alo. amdiescldernoreano
Lord concealed in county wherecourt acting,
re et ... ,Lleutenant, on presentment of Grand Jury, may di-
of rsi'nuo Court to issue a notice enjoining the inhabitants'
ti.aces therein
4t fight. specified to remain within their habitations
in
any
ppe co found abroad in the night after such notice
Misdemeanour.
4ny le specified therein, shall be deemed guilty of a
,y After the day named in such notice, Court may authorize,
u Narrant domiciliary visits in places therein specified, &c.
to
ha urtt may
tier, °OfSP,Ch warrant to be executed out of ordinary jurisdic-
en '-'nurt, unless endorsed by Magistrate of outlying county.
summon and examine on oath persons certified
end aye been absent from their dwellings, and may imprison
tie 'nu, &c., any person convicted thereof, who cannot sa-
actorily account for the same.
pionAn person giving false information, or obstructing any
a..n acting in execution of warrant, may be proceeded
Ed st as
ti or a misdemeanour.
o,,Lord Lieutenant may order sums necessary for remunera-
,.
out' 01 Chairman, appointed under this Act, to be advanced
Qr uf Consolidated Fund ; such advances to be repaid by
4" Jury Presentment.

SLAVE COMPENSATION.
.., In the Btu, for compensating the owners of slaves upon the
',Politic Hof slavery, the following provision is found :
third hereas it is enacted by the said recited Acts of the
pnira aod fourth years of the reign of King William the
1,„ -1111 h, that no part of the said sum of twenty millions of
;-.lll(:tuintidesci sterling shall be applied or shall be applicable to
e Purposes aforesaid, for the benefit of any person now
to the services of any slave in any of the Colonies
therein
, mentioned, unless an order shall have been first made
Glaring his Majesty, with the advice of his Privy Council, de-
4iardilelgb thiat adequate and satisfactory provision hath been
Act L Y law in such colony for giving effect to the said
ref ' oY such further and supplementary enactments therein
d erred to, nor unless a copy of such Order in Council,
i lIIY certified by one of the Clerks in Ordinary of his Ma-
''stY's Privy. Council, shall, by the Lord President of the
"Ileil, have been transmitted to the Lords Commissioners
(t)f his Majesty's Treasury, or to the Lord High Treasurer
.ao.r the time being, for their or his guidance or informa-
tion .
1, • And whereas no order of the King in Council has
Can made, declaring that adequate and satisfactory provision
.Ithe been made by Law in the colony of Barbadoes for giving
a'ner tto the said recited Act of the third and fourth year
tire esaid, by such further and supplementary enactments as
t, specified in the said recited Act ; be it therefore enacted,
11,40. in order to provide for the payments of the several sums
• 10„ich may be awarded to the several persons in the said co-
Ae); entitled to compensation under the provisions of the said
shalt ;Irhen and as soon as the provisions of the said recited Act
d 1
•4t ly
rn nave been duly complied with as aforesaid, that ime-
o._e after the passing of this Act, there shl b a creation tarTaciduoceesd. three-and-ahalf per cent annuitiesal to e provide for

TONNAGE OF MERCHANT SHIPPING.
BulgyA lIILL to regulate the Admeasurement of Tonnage and
i
tke lerchatit Shipping of the. titli'.Pd- 1( (111
,`-.
st4ilearT onsidered that the caaci of shi is the f
Q by Which to regulate its p
ton age,a thatp internal antes est

IF

surements will afford the most accurate and convenient method
of ascertaining that capacity, and that the adoption of such a
mode of admeasurement will tend to the interests of the ship-
builder and the owner, as well as to the proper collection of
the dues which by law are payable on tonnage ; and it is ex-
pedient to alter and amend the law in this respect."
Accordingly, the existing provisions respecting the mode of
ascertaining the tonnage are proposed to be repealed, and new
rules substituted. A mode of ascertaining the tonnage of
steam-vessels is laid down. The amount of register is to be
carried on the main beam. The provisions of the Act are
not, generally, to extend to vessels registered prior to the Bill
becoming law.

SCOTTISH ELECTIONS.
A BILL (as amended by the Committee) to explain and
and amend an Act passed in the second and third year of the
reign of King William the Fourth, for amending the Repre-
sentation of the people in Scotland, and to diminish the ex-
penses thereof.

By this Bill the time for fixing the day of election is short-
ened, and the polling limited to one day. In all cases (ex-
cept only those specifically excluded) the Sheriff must within
two days of receiving the writ announce the day of election.

PUBLIC WALKS, BATHS, &c.

A BILL to facilitate the formation and establishment of Pub.

lic Walks, play grounds, baths, and places of healthy recrea-
tion and amusement in the open air, in the neighbourhood of
such cities, boroughs and towns as may require them for the
use and accommodation of their inhabitants.

Clauses under the following beads have been added in Corn
mittee .to this Bill.

Committee may form Auxiliary Establishments where such
are required.
Corporate Bodies, &c. may dispose of lands suitable for the
purposes of this Act.
Committee may grant loans for the improvement of walks,
&c. already in existence. _

Minutes of proceedings and accounts to be kept.
Treasurer and other officers to be appointed.
Report of proceedings and accounts to be published annually.
The fundamental rules remain unaltered. They are-1.
That the public walks be planted with trees and shrubs, and
rendered ornamental by the introduction of running water and
fountains, wherever practicable :-3. That they be fenced off
and made secure from all public anno)ances, for the safe and
retired use of females and children. 3. That no athletic
games or sports be permitted in any part of the public walks.
4. That a sufficient number of commodious seats be provided
within the walks and grounds. 5. That music may be per-
mitted to be performed within the same, under such limita-

....
tions as the Committee may see fit. 6. That the play-grounds
be adapted for gymnastic exercises, cricket, archery, and
other healthy sports ; but that all conflicts of a personally
irritating nature, such as wrestling, cudgelling, and boxing,
be prohibited, as well as all games in which cruelty to ani-
mals is involved. 7. That the baths be adapted to teach the
art of swimming, as well as to afford the means of ablution,
and be constructed in such a manner as to secure perfect se-
clusion from public view, and that hot, cold, shower, and va-
pour baths, be also provided. 8. That no beer, wine, spirits,
or intoxicating drinks of any kind, be permitted to be brought
within such public walks, play-grounds, or baths, in any quan-
tity, or on any pretence whatever, on pain of exclusion to the
offending party for the period of a year at least; but that re-
freshments of every other description, except intoxicating
drinks alone, be permitted to be supplied to the visitors, by
persons appointed by the said Committee, and subject entirely
to their discretion.

PUBLIC PETITIONS.
THIRTY-FIFTH REPORT.
3RD AND 4TH AUGUST, 1835.
ABERDEEN UNIVERSITIES BlLL—Against, 21 petitions ; 836
signatures.
ATTORNIES CERTIFICATES.—Six petitions ; 95 signatures.
BEER HOUSES—Two petitions; 305 signatures.
BONDING 'WAREHOUSES-8 petitions ; 273 signatures.
CHURCH OF SCOTLAND—For a grant 743 petitions ; 189,321
signatures.
CHURCH OF SCOTLAND—Against any grant 325 petitions;
129,337 signatures.
CHURCH OF IRELAND—In support of the Establishment-
-250 petitions; 64,218 signatures.
CHURCH OF IRELAND—In favour of the proposed measure,
12 petitions ; 11,559 signatures.
DORCHESTER UNIONISTS--86 petitions; 135,971 signatures
DRUNKENNESS—TO check the practice of, 73 petitions ;
24,313 signatures.
ECCLESIASTICAL COURTS BlLL—Against, 172 petitions;
10,607 signatures.
FACTORIES REGULATION BILL-46 petitions; 24,620 sig-
natures.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT BlLL—Against, 43 petitions;
6,708 signatures.
NEWSPAPER SrAmrs.—For repeal of Duty, 93 petitions ;
38,874 signatures.
POST HORSE DUTlES.—Against Farming the Duties, 10
petitions ; 202 signatures.
ROMAN CATHOLIC FREEHOLDERS (IRELAND).—TWO peti-
tions ; 1,205 signatures.
TITHES (IRELAND)—For a re-valuation 11 petitions ; 1,313
signatures.

TITHES.—A Bill for the easy recovery of tithes enacts that
from and after the passing of this Act, proceedings for the re-
covery of tithes under 101. shall be heard and determined
before two justices, and that no other process shall be insti-
tuted.

TITHING OF TURNlPS.—Captain Pechell's other Act de-
clares the tithes of turnips severed from the land upon which
they have been produced, if consumed upon the same shall
be held agistment tithe, and recoverable as tithe agistment.
The Act of course does not extend to tithe free land.

STEAM VESSELS.—It appears from an official Return that
there are employed in the service of the Post-office, 29 packets
propelled by steam ; that their tonnage varies from 50 to 100 ;
their horse power from 60 to 160 ; and that the prime cost and
outfit was from 6,0001. to 12,0001. for each vessel.
PALACE COURT, WESTMINSTER.—During the year 1835 it
appears from a retufn just printed by order of the House of
Commons, that 877 writs, mostly for small sums, have issued
out of the above Court, 480 of which were against the person.
POST HORSE DUTY.—By a Parliamentary Return, it ap-
pears that the duty for the district of Middlesex, with London
and Westminster, and the town of Barnet, was let in 1821,
for three years, to John Ramsden, for the annual sum of
28,500/. ; from 1824 to 1827 the letting was to Sharman
Hanky and Co. at 25,740/. per annum ; the same parties
farmed it again for the following three years, paying 26,7801.
for each year. From 1830 to 1833 Sharman and Gillet took
it at an annual rent of 25,0201. ; and the same parties again
bargained to pay a rent of 31,3201. for the term of three years,
commencing with 1833.
TEA DUTIES.—By the Bill brought into the House a few
days ago by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the existing
duties are to cease on the Ist of July 1836, and in lieu thereof
a duty of 2s. ld. per lb. is made payable.
