Ablidged from the 11lornieq Adeeraser.)
Monday Night, Half-fast Six o'Clock.
The proceedings at this treat meeting hairy just row con-
cluded, and, as your read re will perceive, they have bten
of such a character, whether Ls regards the numbers present,
their worth as respects the influence which the class they re-
present must bear with them, and the sentiments hi, 11 wet e
given expression to—all these ramt and will have serious effects
upon the measures of the Legislature in the next Session of
Parliament. The meeting was called in pursuance of a pla-
card which had been published as the result of the procecdidgs
of a meeting held in Manchester a short time since, of dele-
gates from the various'districts in the county.
The greatest efforts have been used by the Tory party ia
the county to render the meeting less effective in its results
than it necessarily will be. The most shabby tricks, subter-
fuges, and falsehoods, have been had recourse to for this pur-
pose. All these attempts, howet,er, have been frustrat d—
the meeting has been proved to .be a dLmonstrstion of the feel-
:rigs of the people of the north.
Amongst the many incentives to the people of Lanea,Lire
to (-xhibit their political opinions on this occasion, an Address
from the London Working Men's Association, was widely
circulated in the county, and had consider..Lle effect in causing
be factories in the town, its neighbourhood, and throughout
Lancashire, to be closed—Whigs, Tories, and Radicals, the
owners of factories, have been obliged to shut them up for the
day, the people having determined that this should be so. •
The members of the Manchester Union met before eleven

o'clock to-day in Stnithfield, for the purpose of proceeding
to the ground, and the following is the form of prcccs.
iion talt(n by them, and tl.e ieopre of the surreueding dis-
• -

:ricts

ORDER OF PROCESSION.
Two Trumpeters on Horseback.
Marshals—Messrs. Nightir•hale and Richardson.

Emblem of Unity—A liundle of rods ticd togetL•er.
Manchester Concert Band.
Large silk Banner of the Union.
. . .

bearing on one side a figure of Justice, holding in her hand a
balance, supported by the British Lion, the emblems of Wis-
dom, Unity, Peace, and Strength, surmounted by a British
Standard, with the motto, " Peace, Law, Order." Inscrip-
tion—" Manchester Political Union." Reverse—" Universal
Suffrage, Annual Parliaments, and Vote by Ballot."
Vice- President. Presideut. Vice- President.
New Poor-law Banner—Repez.l of the New Poor-law.
Treasurer. S_cretary. Treasurer.
Banner. Banner. Banner.

The Red Rose of England, Harp of Erin, Thistle of Scotland,
White & gold. Green & gold. White & gold.
Members of the Committee four abreast.
Delegates from the country four abreast.
Union Jack. Union Jack.
White Silk Banner of the Un:versal Suffrage Atsoci,tion,
Labour the source of all wealth—Liberty and Equality.
Members of the Political Union four abreast.
No. I District Marshals.
Messrs. Forrester s' Brass Band.
Union Banner.
Britannia seated on a rock, trampling on the chains of des-
potism, holding in her light band the trident of Neptune, sur-
mounted by a cap of liberty, and in her left hand the " People's
Charter," while the British lion rouses to maintain the Char-
ter; the following motto in a srmici:cle over her head,--
" For a nation to be free, 'tis sufficient that she will it."
Reverse—" England expects every man, TIII3 DAY, will do
his duty."
White silk ground, gold letters shaded, cap of liberty,
sea! let; motto—" The earth is the rights of Man." Reverse,
—" He that will not work, neither shall be eat;" 2d Thessa-
lonians,ch. 3, v. IQ.

Massacre on Petorsfield, description, of.
Ni.ite ground, Uack It tters, Universal Suffrage," " Vote
by Ballot."
.11:embers of the Union.

White banner. —lnseription—
‘• If we are too ignorant to make taxes, we ar! too ignorant
to pay them.
" If we are too ignorant to make law
to obey them."
Banner—Full length portrait of Henry Hunt, Esq. In-
seription—" The man who never deserted the people." Re-
ver3e—" Equality, the first law of r.alure. First want of man
—chief bond of our Association.",

we ere too ignorant

Members of the Association, four abreast.
TAILORS —Banner, Arms of the Trade. Motto,
union, and justice " Members four abreast.
MEentorics.—Manchester Borough Band. Banner, Arms
of the Trade. Inscription, " Steam-engine and Machine-
makers' Friendly Society." Motto, " Every man has a right
to one vote in the choice of his representative—it belongs to
him in his right of existence, and his person is his title-deed."
Members four abreast.

" Peace,

SMITHS AND FARRIERS.-Banner of the Trade. Members
four abreast, wearing new white leather aprons, and bearing
emblems of the trade.

SMITHS AND WHEELWRIGHTS.—Banner—', Wheelwrights'
and Blacksmiths' Society."—Reverse, " Loyal, free, indus-
trious society on the order of charity." Members four abreast.
FUSTIAN SHEARERS.—MarshaI, John Frabklim—Banner,
" Universal Suffrage, Annual Parliaments, Vote by. Ballot,
No Property Qualification, and :)s.3rnent of Members for their
services."—Reverse, " Friendly Society of Fustian-shearers."
—Members four abreast.
CARPENTERS AND LlNERS.—Marshali, Messrs. Clay and
Aringead —B inner of the trade.—,Members four abreast.
MEN'S BOOT AND SHOEMAKERS.—banner, bearing the arms
and other insignia of the trade.—Motto ," United to maintain
our rights inviolate ; prosperity attend the justness of our
cause."—Reverse, " The Friendly Institution of Boot and
Shoemakers."—Members four abreast.
LADIES' SHOEMAKERS.—Banner of the trade, with members
four abreast.
WIGAN DISTRICT.—MarshaI, Mr. Birtwistle ; banner
" Wigan Branch of the Northern Union" ; reverse, " The
People's Charter," encircled with rose, thistle, and shamrock.
ROCHDALE DlSTRlCT.—Marshals, Mr. limes Taylor and
Mr. Joseph Tart ; two bands of music. Flag 1, tri-colour,
" Rights of Man ;" 2, white ground, " Universal Suffrage.
Annual Parliaments, and Vote ny Ballot;" " The hlocd-stained
flag of Peterloo ;" 3, green, " We know our rights, and we
will have them ;" 4, green and white, " Remember the Fac-
tory children ; taxation, without representation is unjust ;" 5,
g.reeo, " The Rights of the People ;" " For a Nation to be
free, it is enough that she will it ;" 6. green, " The Voice of
the People cannot be withstood ;" " Taylor, the unflinching
friend of the People ;" 7, grein, " Those who will be free,
knock off your chains ;" " United we stand—divided we fill ;"
8, white, " The Rochdale distrlct of the National Convention."
PRESTWIEIL—FIags. Marshal, Mr. Dickenson. The

Band. The following banners were also exhibited: " May
England's sons he firm and united, and never relax in their
_ .

exertions until the last of their oppressors and slavery's last
chain on the last tyrant's grave shall be riven in twain ;"
reverse, " Prestwich and Pilkington Union," motto, " The
loosing of the discontented spirits of the age." Two tri-
colour flags.
NIIDDLETON.—" Labour shall be represented." " They
that be slain with the seord are better than they that be slain
r,;t.11 hunger, for these pine away stricken through for want of
the fruits of the field." " May we legislate for ourselves, that
our children hereafter may ,bless us." " The prosperity of a
nation depends on the excellency of its government and legis-
Wien." " Liberty and fraternity, unity and strength."—(A
flag that was at Peterloo.) Middleton Working Men's
Association ; Equal rights and equal laws." " Middleton
Woed ; Universal Suffrage, Annual Parliaments, Vote by
Ballot." "To legislate we will begin, cur country's birth-
right to win—Magtia (-Marta and the Bill of Rights."
" Annual Patliame..ts, Universal Suffrage, Vote by Ballot,
and No Property Qualification for Members of Parliament.
Come let us be united together in brotherly love, our rights
and liberty to gain."
The morning was a lowering one, but notwithstanding this
crowds of persons began to assemble in the streets shortly
after day-break, and many of the processions from the country
had arrived by nine o'clock The vat ious trades of Manchester
tt.serobled in Smithfield, and, previous to their marching for
Kersal-moJr, presented a fortitidab:c appearance in respect to
numbers. The Moor is nearly four miles distant from Man-
chester, and the ground fixed for the meeting is that upon which
the Manchester races take place. The hustings were erected
near the Stand-house, and in such a position that they were
surrounded by an amphitheatre of at least fifteen acres, every
person upon any portion of the ground being enabled to see
all that passed. All along the line of road from Manchester
the footp iths were thronged to excess, and in the urea before
the old Collegiate Church, which overlooked the line of pro-
cession, there vv, re many thousands of females assembled.
By twelve u'olock one half the ground was occupied, and the
immense multitude even at that time presented a truly awici
appearance. Before one o'clock, however, the ground was
completely occupied, and the meeting then was certainly the
largest that hits ever taker, place is the British empire—not
less thAt 300,000 persons could have then been present. As
the various seveekers arr:vcd upon the hustings they were
loudly the (red.

At: about ten minutcs to one o'clock,
Mr. SEED came for.vard on the hustings, and b.-gged to
pulpose that Mr. Fie',den, M. P. fQr o:dlinn, do take the
chair,__( Loud eht us. )
,'
Mr. I 3 tonic seconded the roction, ar.d it was carried
amidst gteat applause.
Mr. FIELDEN tin came I;rward and was receive 3 with a
tretnendous burst of a: plause. On taking the chair be ad-
dressed the [iv: wry-Ailed inultitu:los as fellows :—Fellow
try:nen of England, and workmen of Manchester•ro—rinyonopo. _
co ua.ll;
a;semb,ed here to ely in large numbers to Lee roan
meeting
pub-
ic duty of the uzrnst importance. `r_ ire
in large numbers is not, n.n• has it hoc
beck as tic days
of England alone. Recollect that
"burd, wet nod eppre?sed
of Nehemiah, when the people •
h".erof Grd, raised a large as-
hy taxes, thv.t Nehen:iall, :..t 0,5,,
1,,,,,h.s
end
tuitrs
of
-the
ni.eroPnrbli3.nerd to t!:e re0,,1,
s:a bly ef the people g
r.Lieli harassed them should
ot.r rh:ers may be as wi.e as
h
them. May Hcaven g'„a.c
btlaiein,,aob,:v.oilli:sloch:ddae,nneilant:::!,:t:d:ast:;:ia:!n:ta:thy;_ri.::::ii:.:,:cnsvl d
nu k n
gerhee x a c t
ed
from
I land wet:, in tile eays of Nele-
,,di u.ehlicdci• t .ei. people_, of this country,
da a tre e):.esty and prudence to
-- the
he suw,tio.i ot• the pio,,le, from the grievance%
laboured.—(Lund e .ears.) You are all
meetings of the working classes have
I .I- -
a,n:o4iallo,
nahntottlisautriel!,,' t ) . .
a % e ,
lately taken place in onmi:tgliam, Newcastle, London, Glas-
.vv, and other places, hav tag the promotion of the same obj,A7t
in view for which w,e are tiiii day assembled, that is, of ex•
pressing to the rulers v,ml nobles of the land, by petition, the
under walinic;hit,hrgeye
~,..
inalienable right of c.•;ery one mungst us, of the age of twenty-
one, who is not t,,interf by crime, to exercise a voice in Ova
choice of those svliom we sel.ect as Representatives to make the
