_.ARMAMENT.

The SPEAKER then said he had to acquaint the
House. that James Johnson, who had presented a petition
complaining of an undue election for the boroughs of
Stir'ing had not entered into his recognizances.
The ord,r of the day or taking the petition into con-
sideration was accordingly discharged.
CLONMEL ELECTION.

Mr. O'CONNELL rose to call the attention of the
Howse to Mr. Ronayne's petition, for time to enter
into rectgnizances on the Clonmel election. With-
out the eteatest inconvenience, arising from the time
when the assizes wet, held in that town it would be im-
possil.le to call together the witnesses: He did not itnti-
cipate any opposition to the petition, especially as the
agent of the sitting Member had been furnished with a
copy of it. He. therefore, moved that the ord. rof the day
for appointing the ballot on this election for the 21st of
March, be discharged, for the purpose of p..stponing it.
Colonel PERCEVAL did tint rise for the purpose of
opposing the motion, but only for the purpose of request..
in?. that an early day ;fter the sec ss might he fixed for
taking the matter into consid ration, in consequence of
the expenses that would he incurred.
The order of the di was then discharged, and ap-
pointed for reconsideration on the 16th May.
WISH PETITIONS.
Mr. GOULBURN wished to a-k the Noble Lord
oprosite a question, which was connected with the
convenience of the House. On a former occasion it
was certainly understood that this day, at least the
early p,:rt of it, was to he exclusively devoted to the pre-
tentation of petitions, with respect to the Bill for pre-
venting disturbance. in It elind. He (Mr. Goulburn) un.
derstond that the presentation of petitions on that suti-
ject had not been concluded on that II .y. He wished
tberefrre to know whether Monday would be fixed to
proceed with the presentation of those petitions, or whe-
ther it would be an open day.
Mr. O'CONNELL wished to state, that there were an
immense number of petitions on the subject yet to he pr,-
sented—far more in number than the House had hitherto

- -
received.
Lord ALTHORP observed, that the proposition he
intended to submit to the House was this, that in case the
- eebare on the s-cond reading of the Bill he concluded that
evenine, then the House should sit to-morrow, to receive
petitions. But in case the debate on the second re iding
should no- be concluded, the House slinuA sit to-morrim
morning for the purpose of continuing the debate, awl, in
that case, be should sueeest that on Monday the same un-
derstanding shoritd take place as existed to-day, that no
petition should be printed except those that had reference
to the Irish Bill.

NORWICH ELECTION.
Lord STORNIONT said he could not avoid address-
ing the House On the subject of a petition that
had been pre,ented a f w days ago, against the
return ter Norwich. The petitioners in 'hat petition,
.fated, flat many acts of bribery hail been com
niitted, anti prayed the House to direct a Coniniission to
examine wi'ne-iies to ascertain these tiers. Ile (Lott!
Fttirment) could net but observe, th,t th- R
Hon. ikletnht r presenting that petition had nor given hitt,
any notice of hi. intention to do so. He attributed that
neglect to the Hen. Gentleman being a youn: Mea her,
and rot acquainird with the practice in that reap et. It
Was true that Le (Lord Stormont) was aware that such a
petition was in the el/Ur9F of signature, but be considered it
of so ale urd a nature that no Hon. Mend), would he found
to present ir. A-; however, the Hon. Gentletnan had un-
dertaken that ,a-k, nil as I e had pre.ented the petition to
the House at a time, in consequence of having no notice,
when those against whom it contained calumnies, lad no '
opportunity of refuting them, he had thought it right thus
fat to bring the matter before the attention of the RM'.
When, however, the petition was brought under conside-
ration, he entertained no doubt that he should be enabled
to refute all the calumnies which it contained.
Mr. GIIOTE could assure the Noble Lord that his not
haviav given him notice, hail arisen from pure omission.
In future, however, he would take care to be more careful
on that point.

GRAND JURIES (IRELAND) BILL.
Lord ALTHORP m ved tLe order of the day for the
aecond reading of the Diatuibances (Ireland) Suppression
Bill.

On the question being put,
Mr. STANLEY rose, and said be hoped that no ob-
jection would be made to permit the Grand Juries
(Ireland) 8,11 to be read a second time without discussion, in
order that it might h- forwarded a stage, and be fully
discussed hereafter. The second reading could be done at
once before the other MI carne on for the secono4 reading,
and he si ould propnwe to refer it to a Select Committee,
Mr. O'CONNELL thought that the course suggested
by the Right Hon. Gentleman with _regard to a BM
of that kind was the best that could be adopted. Every
Member was agreed in one point that the
Irish Grand Jury Laws required amendment, arid the
proper course to be
pursued would be, to discuss tin
Committee. He was, however, of opinion that the BM,
. %help od
as it was at present prepared, would not effect all
objects that were intended, and that it would quire coral-
derable alteration to mike it an efficient measure.
LALOR uri,eJ upon the Right Hun. Chu hmin

k USE OP L ()PDS. IMlacn S.
Ot the Loan CHANCE! LOR taking his seat' ;it h
&dna several private Bills were brought up by Mr.
Woe A and other Members.
'Lord KING presented a petition from the parish of St.
I‘7.ary's, in the Strand, for the repeal of the ht.ustand
dow taxes. It was far from being the wish of the ptitiot-ri
to embarrass the,Government, but they thought that by 4
proper reduction of expetAlcei.the repeal of thoSt2 tat-O;
which bore heavily upon. the 464 :kW; tntlit Liff4T
effected.

The Duke of RICHMOND presenterlupetitioni frn'in
Horsham, Sussex, and other t laces in that coutiry, and in
the abs-nce of the Duke of Devon.hire, from la parish in
Fife, for t 1 e better oh•ervance of the Sabbath. ,
Lord TEMPLEMORE presented a petition from a
pariah in the county of Southampton to the same effect.
L Ord BEXLEY presented a petition from the parish of
St. Mary, Newinvon. als,, to the like effect.
The Earl of ALBEMARLE presented a petition from
Stony Stratford, praying for the immediate abolition of
elavery.

A RIGHT REV. PRELATE presented petitions from Bat-
tersea and Ewell, Surrey, praying for the better observance
of the Lord's Day.
The E-irl of ROSEBERY presented petitions from
the Poliric.l Union of the t wn of Kilkenny, praying for
tl P revetl of the .Union. Alan various other petieons
from different parts of Ireland against the Coercive Bill,
for the abolition of tithes, and for the vote by bal'or.
The Bi.hnp of LONDON presented a petition from
Rushmere, Suffolk, praying for the immediate abolition of
slavery, and likewise for the better observance of the
Sabbath. Alan petitions praying for the better
obser-
v nce of the Sabbath from St. Mary-at-Hill, signed
by all the inhabitant houveholders except two ; from a
meeting-house in Hackney ; from Walthamstow. E.,ex
from o,e minister and congregation of the E i.copal
Chapel, Poplar; from Mill-street Chapel. Perth ; and va-
rious other pl

The Earl'of RODEN give notice that on Tuesday next
he rhnnhi present a petition respecting the plan of national
education in Irelind

13.-tititina were presenter], praying for the better obser-
vance of the Sabbath, by Lord LILFORD, Ear! Gary, and
two BishnpA

Elul GREY presented a petition from a parish in Ire-
land, prayieg for an inquiry into the state of Ireland. be.
fore the Coercive Bill was passed into a law. The
Noble Earl said he presented the petition as it had ken
sent to hiul, hut it w.,s needless for ! im to say that he did
not aeree with the prayer of the petition.
The House then adjourne 1.

ROUSE OF COMMONS, MARCH 8.
The SPEAKER took e Chair at five o'cl.ick.
Mr. Parkinson brought up accounts of the state of the
Suitors' Fund in the Court of Chneerv.
-
OXFOP D CITY ELECTION.

Sir THOS FREMANTLE brought up the report
cf the Select Committee appointed to inquire into the
validity of the return for the city of Oxford, and stated that
they had found that the election of J. Stonor, Esq., was
null and void.
The petition of Hugh Hughes, , was declared not
to be f•ivolous and vexatious.
A new xrit was then moved for the city of Oxford, in
the room of T. Stormy., Esq.
REPRESENTATION OF THE BOROUGH OF
MARYLERONE.

Lord EBRINGTON moved for a n w writ to issue
for the borough of Alaryh-bone, in the room of E. B.
Porman, Esq The Noble Lord state d, that the House
would heir with regret, that the Hon. Gentleman
(Mr. Portman) 1.1. d felt himself compelled to fake this
step. as in consequ, n,.e of his ill health he did not feel
himself equal to the fatigues of the House.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. GILLON moved for a return of the sources of
stipend to the Minister of North Leith. The Hon.
Gentleman move I for other returns, but the low tone in
'dirt) he spoke, and the noise in the House occa-
sioned by the entrance of Members, prevented him
from being distinctly heird.
STIRLING BOROUGHS ELECTION.
