The- whole objection consisted in their being of a different
religion—(cheers)--because they were Roman Cctholics.
The. Hon. Gentleman then proceeeed to say that he knew
very few measures which remained to pass for this country,

but that he entertained the most sanguine expectation in
their passage, either in this next session or the following.—
(Cheers.) They were told that the party to which they
belonged must, before long, separate themselves. For him-
self be saw no difficulty ; he did not see any reason why
the Liberal party should not act together for the accomplish-
ment of those objects in which they had a common interest.
He by no means meant they should adopt the language of
their opponents, but he thought they must take a out
of their book, and act in union. He could not understand
why the Liberal party should not act together. Two
great questions out of the five which the Dissenters sought
to obtain had been carried last session. He hoped next
session some measure would be brought forward which
should bring to a satisfactory result the question of church-
rates.—(Loud cheers.) In mentioning that, as he found
himself obliged to do, he should shrink from what he con-
sidered his duty if he did not state his individual feeling,
that the question of church-rates had been mis-stated as a
Dissenter's question. He did not think that it could be
fairly considered so ; it is an injury to the Church of Eng-
land, and in his view they ought not longer to suffer those
rates to be taken from those who do not believe in the
Church Establishment. (Cheers.) The Honourable
Member then alluded to the Charity Trusts Bill, which
Lord Lyndhurst spoke of as having. been founded upon
a vicious principle, and he said it was calculated to give the
government of towns to Dissenters. In saying that the
Bill was calculated to give the government of towns to
Dissenters the Noble Lord made an acknowledgment to
the Dissenters, for lie admitted.that the population of Dis-
senters was at least half in the United Kingdom.—(Cheers.)
There never was a meeting called together under more aus-
picious circumstances, or with more apparent prosperity to
the liberal interest of this town.—(Tremendous cheering.)
As lie had introduced that subject to them, he would call
upon them to remember, that when be first came among
them, he was returned in conjunction with another Liberal
Member.—(Rear.) He called upon them to remember that
as an example-.—(Great applause.) " I have," said Mr.
Smith, " kept all- my conditions, why have you departed
from yours ?—(Cheers.) I venture to tax you with having
returned to Parliament a gentleman that neutralizes every
honest vote that I have given.—(Hear.) You talk of what
your representatives ought to do, and you find fault with
men, and a whole set of men, and the Legislature, and you
tell them that they are not doing their duty. Why do not
you do your duty ?—(Cheers.) If you wish to bring con-
viction to the minds of certain Noble Lords, return more
Liberal Members to. Parliament.—(Cheers.) Another
Liberal Member sitting by my side will convert two Noble
Lords, and if you go on with the other Tory Members at
that rate, perhaps you will convert the whole 'House of
Lords."—(Cheers.) The Hon. Member sat down amidst
prolonged cheers.
Earl SPENCER then rose, and was received with tremen-
dous approbation. The Noble Lord said :—Gentlemen,
the way in which you have received me on the present oc-
casion leads me to suppose that yau have not altogether for-
gotten me.—(Cheers.) It is some time since I had the
honour of addressing you as a public body, but still I am
perfectly satisfied that you will not think that in proposing
the toast which I am going to do I am likely to propose one
which will not be received by you with feelings of satisfac-
tion.—(Cheers.) I think it would be best, before I pre-
face that toast, to tell you what it is I intend to propose.
I intend to propose to you the health of Lord Melbourne
and his Majesty's Ministers.—(Great cheering.) I have
heard it indeed said, but I cannot believe that any person
should so think, that some of these who are friendly to
reform think that his Majesty's present Ministers are
going too far.—(A laugh.) But, Gentlemen, their feelings
are very different to mine.— (Tremendous cheering)—be-
cause, if they thought they were going on too fast, and did
nothing more, they would have produced a great disturbance
and a great danger to the community. For myself, I
have never been a person for theoretical reforms ; I have
never wished to see any institutions altered, or any mea-
sures adopted unless it is for the relief of some practical
grievance.—(Loud cheers.) The people had not been
properly represented ; then if we were to stand still after
the reform of Parliament had been carried; we should
have lint all the benefits of that great and advantageous
measure.—(Cheers.) I say then that I cannot see how any
man that has advocated a reform in Parliament can think
that his Majesty's Ministers are going too far. It appears
to me that they are acting with prudence, firmness, and wis-
dom, and the present Ministers are only carrying out our
principles into effect.—(Cheers.) But it is said also that they
do little. Why, really, if people have looked at the history
of this country, I cannot possibly conceive that the Adminis-
tration can go forward in the course in which his Majesty's
Ministers wish to go forward without meeting with very
serious opposition ; they must be very much mistaken.
Why, when we knew that principles of an opposite tendency
had the command for a century, can it be supposed either
that they could have been predominant, unless they had had
a very strong support, or, haviing had, they had not left a very
deep root in the country. They are endeavouring honestly
to overcome that, and they are proposing measures which I
think beneficial for the country, and I believe the enlight-
ened state of the country will enable them to carry them.
My Honourable Friend, in his address, has gone into more
detail than I feel it necessary to do in addressing this as-
sembly ; all I feel it necessary for me to say is, that so long
as I see them going on in the same course, they shall have
my cordial support.—(Cheers.) I will not ask of them
any favours, I will not take any favour from their hands,
but I will give them independent support so lonn. as I see
their measures are such as I approve.—(Great cheering.)
I hope and trust that the course of Government will be
just and straightforward, and I hope that the principles
upon which they act will receive the support and confidence
of the country ; and I am sure it will. The Noble Earl,
who spoke with great energy, then concluded by giving—
" Lord Melbourne and his Majesty's Ministers." Three
times three.
The CHAIRMAN then rose and proposed, in a highly lau-
datory speech, the health of the Noble Earl who had just
sat down.
Earl SPENCER again rose amidst loud 'cheerily., which
continued several minutes. It was most gratifying to him

to perceive the warm in which they received an old ser-
vant.—(Cheers and laughter.) He hoped and trusted that
while he was their servant he worked hard , but he did his
best to perform his duty.—(" You did," and cheers.) During
the course, a pretty long course, of his political life, there
were four measures which' he looked to always as the objects
of the greatest desire. He looked to the Repeal of the
Test Act ; he looked to Catholic Emancipation ; he looked
to the Reform Act ; and he looked to the emancipation of
slavery.—(Great cheering.) By their favour, he was ena-
bled to remain in the douse of Commons long enough to
see all these four measures carried. Two of them, indeed,
he had always looked forward to with hope : he meant the
repeal of the Test Act, and the Catholic Emancipation
Act. But during the greater part of his political life he
never supposed that he should have lived to see the Reform
of Parliament, or the Abolition of Slavery ; and if any one
had told him that he would, he should have thought that
they were • either deluding themselves or deluding him.—
(Cheers.) The good sense of the people carried Reform of
Parliament ; and having carried Reform, they were enabled
to carry the Abolition of Slavery. These great measures
would form a great era in his political life ; he always
had a great wis that they might be 'carried. He con-
sidered that Reform of Parliament was essential to the good
government of the country. The country might have
good government without it, but there was no security
for it. The system of slavery cast a stigma upon them, in
keeping a number of fellow-creatures in so degraded a state.
--(Cheers.) He was now referring to events which he was
happy to say-were now only matters of history. As he
had said before, he worked hard, and did his best ; he
worked quite as hard as he could—(Cheers)—and one con-
sequence of that work was, that he was not up to " show
fight" then.—(Laughter.) But whatever might be the po-
sition in which he was placed, he did not think that it was
morally possible that he ever should change the opinions
that he had acted upon. Every day's consideration led him
to think- that he had been right in those opinions.—(Cheers.)
He could have nothing to gain by changing those opinions,
and should have everything to lose ; but he hoped that
would not influence him, and he would only say that he
should never change his opinions, because he was satisfied
that they were right.—(Great cheering, amidst which the
Noble Earl sat down.)
The CHAIRMAN said he had now to propose to them an-
other health, which he was sure they would receive .with
the sincerest cordiality, " The health of Earl Fitzwilliam."
The toast was given with three times three, and tremendous
applause.
Earl FurzwiLtartm rose , and was loudly applauded.
Gratifying as it must have been to him to hear the obser-
vations which had just been made by the Chairman, and
their responses to them, yet, looking back to his connection
with the electors of that county, which was not only unso-
licited, but he would venture to say uncontemplated, they
would understand how it was that his gratitude and his
pleasures were not unmingled with deep pain and melan-
choly. He was there amongst them reit of his right arm,
but not on that account less desirous to serve his country
and them.—(Cheers.) [During these observations his
Lordship was greatly affected.] In every sentiment which
had been expressed by his Noble Friend (Earl Spencer),
who was personally so much better known to them, be took
this opportunity of expressing his entire adherence--{Great
cheering.)--and if he understood that Earl Spencer, in
naming his principles meant the principles of popular Go-
vernment, it was, he trusted, unnecessary that he should
state more explicitly his adherence to those principles.-:....
(Cheers.) He kneW no difference between any of the
