LISBON MAIL AND SPANISH PAPERS.

CADIZ, Scer.l2.—Letters from Buenos Ayres
of the 12th of June,.ttate the following particu-
lars :—" Ramirez has been completely defeated
by the troops- of Buenos Ayres and Santa F.
Within these few days several travellers have ar-
rived from Chili, who state that -San Martin,
after sustaining some defeats from the troops of
Lima and the army of Peru, had retreated 50
leagues to the north. Au epidemic disorder
having since broken out in his army, in which
he bad lost 2,000 men, it was generally thought
that San Martin would retreat."
MADRID, SEPT. 9.2.—Their Majesties returned
to the capital this evening from San Ildefonso.
•The troops of the garrison and the National Mi-
litia were drawn out to line the streets from the
gate of St. Vincent. The immense crowd which
had assembled to witness his Majesty's entrance,
and the loud demonstrations of the joy of the
citizens at seeing their Sovereign among them,
rendered this event more interesting and brilliant.
His Majesty has been pleased to confer on Bri-
gadier General Don Joseph Martinez de San
Martin, the office of Superior Political Chief of
the province of Madrid, which he has held ad
interim, in consideration of his merits and ser-
vices, and of the zeal and energy which he has
displayed in executing -the functions of this office.

CORTES.
FIRST PREPARATORY SITTING, SEPT. 22.

The sitting being opened at 11 o'clock, Senor
Calatrava, President of the Permanent 'Deputa-
tion, pronounced the following discourse :--
" Gentlemen,—The permanent deputation par-
ticipates in the highest degree in the joy which
this day animates all good Spaniards, at seeing
the illustrious Representatives of the Nation
again assembled in this august place, to gather
new laurels in the career of liberty and glory.
The paternal solicitude of the King, conform-
ably_ to his generous sentiments, has promoted_
the convocation or the extraordinary Cortes, for
the. affairs of which you are already informed,
which are so interesting to the public welfare ;
and in proportion as his Majesty has acquired
new claims to the loveand gratitude of the heroic
people whom he governs, the most sacred duty
is imposid upon us not to avoid any sacrifice or
exertion to correspond with such honourable con-
fidence. The enemies of the liberty of nations
will be again undeceived by the sincere union of
a Monarch with his subjects, and by the order
and tranquillity with which we meet for the
third time. In the three months that have in-
tervened, the .constifutional system has proceeded
in its majestic march, and all the artifices of the
favourers of despotism within and without the
kingdom have been unable to turn it aside.
If there have been some partial oscillations
they are either such as are only a sign of health
in free people, or they have served, as they have
always done, while the machinations of a few were
disappointed, to shevr with greater splendour the
rectitude, the wisdom, and the love of public order
which characterise true Spaniards. Let us con-
gratulate ourselves, gentlemen, and give thanks
to Divine Providence) which confers pu use so

many blessings, and let us proceed to discharge
our functions to the advantage of this country,
which is so worthy of being happy in spite of
those who would wish to see it torn by civil war
and anarchy. To the services'which you have
done the King a=id the country in the two last
sessions,-you are going to add others in the pre-
sent, which opens an ample field to your talents
and your virtues. You haVe performed much,
but much still remains ; Europe has its eye upon
you ; the Spanish nation, which has confided its
destinies to you, hopes every thing from you, and
this hope must not be disappointed. No; it will
not be disappointed. You have in yozzr hands
the only means capable of releasing it, and no
difficulty or labour will be able to check you.
Complete your work, then, respectable legislators,
and always bear in mind, that besides the fate of
our fellow-citizens, the credit of liberal institu-
tions and the cause of humanity, in a great measure
depend upon you."
After this speech was ended, the usual for-
malities weir entered upon as prescribed by the
constitution, the list -of the members read, &c.
Senors Giraldo, Zapata, Cristo, Gasco, and
Murii, were appointed by ballot-to form the com-
mittee of powers.

Messrs. Sancho and- Ezpeleta presented the
following proposition:---
" It being provided by the decree of 22d
INlarch, 1820, that the substitutes of the trans-
marine provinces shall exercise the functions of
deputies till the deputies themselves arrive, we
request aat the preparatory Junta may declare
from what provinces the deputies had been able
to come." (Referred to the committee of powers
just mentioned.)

he President signified, that as the last pre-
paratory sitting was to be on the .24th,. it was
absolutely necessary to hold a second to-morrow,
the (23d.
SECOND.tREPARATORY SITTING, EPT..c....)3.

The opinion of the Committee of Powers re-
specting the proposition of Messrs.. Sancho, Mos-
cosa, and Ezpeleta was read, which was in sub-
stance, that, considering the length of time which
has elapsed since notice was sent to the pro-
vinces of America that they should send deputies
to the Cortes, they might. have arrived from
all of them except from ,the Philippines, on ac-
count of their greater distance, and the Com-
mittee concluded by observing, that there wassno
official notice kb the office of the Secretary of the
Colonies that the Constitution had been even
sworn to in Lima or Chili, much less of elections
of deputies haying taken place in those provinces.
A long debate ensued, and Senor Sancho having
moved that no substitutes should continue to act
as deputies except those of the Philippines,
Peru, and Cuba, his motion was agreed to for
the Philippines and I'eru, but rejected with re-
spect to Cuba.

MADRID, SEPT. 23.—The accounts from Bar-
celona to the 14th spew that the contagion was
increasing iR the Barcelonetta.—ln the Lazaretto
there had been two deaths on the 11th, 12th,
and 13th, and no new cases. The other patients
(only 4 in number) had left the Lazaretto,which
was quite empty on the 13th ia the morning.. In
the- house of the Vice Queen the number of sick
had increased from 10 to 22. There had been
5 deaths, 2 cured, and 19 new cases in the three
days.

BARCELONETTA. 4
Rennin. New casts Deaths.
11th 62' 23 12
12th 7J 41 ;21
13th 89 33 . 13
14th 104 0 0

Only four have been cured.
The hands of Roa. and Zaldivar still continue
their depredations. There has been a severe
action with the latter, which is said to have con-
sisted of above 70 men, who kept up a brisk fire
on the troops. Six were taken prisoners, with
some horses, and the rest dispersed.
LISBON, SEPT. 15.—There are in the course
of our lives happy situations, in which the heart
of man seems to groan under the weight of the
satisfaction which he feels, while a delicious
delirium leaves the mind as it were without the
faculty of expressing the felicity which it enjoys.
Such was our situation in the share -we took. on
this happy day in the general satisfaction, such,
without doubt, was that of all the heroic inhabi-
tants of this capital, such the impression on the
minds of all men, of whatever nation they may
be, who felt the dignity of their rights, and who
were witnesses of the enthusiasm with which
this auspicious day was solemnized. Auspicious
and happy day, in which patriotism, reason, and
honour, moved the worthy military of this city
to follow the example of their brave comrades
in the immortal city of Oporto, the deserving
champions of our liberties, to associate them-
selves with the first authors of our political rege-
neration. Happy day, on which such noble sen-
timents consolidated the great work, driving
away frightful despotism, and planting the ma-
jestic tree of liberty, which was watered only
by tears of pleasure, and which no drop of
blood has defiled—a day on which the noblest
revolution recorded in history was accomplish-
ed, and which a year ago excited the admiration
of all kurope.—[llere follow very long accounts
of the various demonstrations of the public joy,
and the ceremonies observed on the occasion.] The
crowds of spectators were immense, in whose
presence the King, surrounded by the clergy
and by the senate, (which took upon itself the di-
rection and the expence of the festival,) laid the
first stone of the monument, which is to be
erected in the Rocio, to give a grand lesson to
posterity, and‘to announce to it the epoch when
the Portuguese nation rose from unmerited sla-
very to liberty and to the legitimate exercise Of
its imprescriptible rights. The numerous troops
assembled on the occasion, under Gen. Sepulveda,
made-a most splendid appearance. After the ce-
remony of laying the stone was over, and the King
was retiring, the troops fired a general salute, ac-
companied by the acclamations of the people, and
three distinct visas to the constitutional King, to
the Cortes, and to the Constitution. The troops
afterwards passed in parade before the veranda of
the palace where his Majesty stood. The troops
amounted to 8000 men. General Sepulveda and
his staff then went to the palace to pay their re-
spects to the King.
A splendid entertainment, at which above 400

persons sere present, was celebrated by the cilia
zens, at which the following toasts were given :-
1. " The Sovereignty of the Nation, establish on the ruz-
morahle 15th of Sep'tember."
2. " The Sovereign National Congress."
3. " The Constitutional King."
4. " Our Trans-marine brethren."

5. " The always loyal Armies of the free Portuguese Nation."
" The Portuguese who prefer death to slavery."
• " All the Founders of thisgreat day, and. the patriotic So•
cieties which are to create the imitators of their valour."
All these toasts, especially the sixth, were re-
ceived with loud applauses. On this toast being
given, patriotism seemed to animate every coun-
tenance. Only on ono of the company the effort
of so grateful an impression manifested them-
selves in a singular manner, he rethaining
im-
movable while the rest of the company,' though
preserving the strictest decorum, gave a loose to,
their transports. It is pretended that the singu-;
lar attitude and immobility of the illustrious
guest was the effect of the violent impression
made on him by the testimonies of these heroic
sentiments, and We take pleasure in believing it,
because it would be a calamity if in such a meet-
ing there was one individual. who did not enter-
tain the noble sentiments with which all were
animated. The whole city was illuminated, and.
the streets were crowded through the
The Cortes have beets engaged in discussh4
various particulars relative to the government of,
the trans-marine dominions.•
