DIED.

On the 15th inst., at Queen's-buildings, Brompton, in his
88th year, Mr. Francis Barron, many years resident in the
Strand.
On Wednesday, the 16th inst., Thos. Boycott, of Clement's-
lane, Lombard-street, banker, aged 64.
On Wednesday, the 16th instant, in Bedford-place, Mary
Isabella, youngest daughter of Mr. Sergeant Heywood.

GREECE.
An APPEAL to ENGLISHMEN; by JUNEX, a Grecian.

" We hear, we hear, the pleasing dreadful call,
" And follow thee to conquest ; If to fall
" For Laws, Religion, Liberty, we fall."

" Oh ! then let Virtue, Reason, Nature rise
" With energies combin'd, and rescue Greece."
Surr, OCT. 5, 1822.
Englishmen! Liberal-minded Britons !—When
your fellow-Christians the Greeks are labouring
under the iron rod of Turkish despotism—when
they who would be your fellow freemen are
struggling for their liberty—when the life of
every member of that nation is at the will of a
barbarian, and when they all simultaneously rise
to expel this worse than tyrant Nero from his
usurped possessions, to strip him of his domi-
neering power—and when he by his beard swears
that be will build a palace with their skulls in
the Morea,—when this is the case, can it be
true, Oh ! -Britons ! Englishmen ! can it be true,
that you, you happy children of the free, are
senseless to their sufferings, to their miseries, to
their wants ?" No, no. You have not been in-
vited to a subscription, or your bountiful hand
would long before this have been stretched out
to their support, and you would generously have
aided the modern Grecians, who emulate the
glory of their ancestors, who would not be dis-
graced by the deeds of their descendants, but
would with ecstacy acknowledge them as their
children. And will not you, then, the first-born
of liberty, lend a helping hand to those who
are tired of their slavish yoke, and who desire
for themselves the peace and happiness which
you enjoy ? And will you not, at the same time
insure your own freedom, and endeavour to in-
crease that of others ? Policy, if nothing else will,
ought to teach you to do this. Do, generous
people ; do not suffer the enemies of Christen-
dom to extirpate my countrymen, but let your
charity which shall ascend to the altar of Heaven
be again-shown to the world ; and then we shall
see two nations united by the best ties that can
constitute the felicity of eaclvother : you will re-
joice in being the means of establishing our great-
ness, and we in our turn will with our prayers
and grateful hearts, rejoice in our deliverers.
The characters also of the combatants must
have been perfectly unknown to you. If you
had been acquainted, or at least had considered
it, this would have been a great motive for your
charitable exertions. The never-again to be en-
slaved mind of the Greeks will not surrender
till death, and then to their companions in arms
will cry, " Liberty or Death !" Oh ! that I
could join in the same! That I could partake
of their struggle and their glory ! As I cannot,
pity me, and let not the thought that I have
been useless in my country's contest, (should
she be again enslaved) feed upon my mind; but
may you make me useful in my country's cause.
If you do what I most earnestly wish, I shall be
as serviceable, or more so, than my countrymen
in the field. Now let us look at the cruel bar-
barity of the Turks,—look at that heretofore
most beautiful island Scio, and look for her more
than 120,000 industrious inhabitants ! Oh, Hea-
ven ! Scio where are you ? Friends and Rela-
tions ! where have you flown ? wheie are your
habitations ? where is your population ? Life is
fled, and houses are consumed ! Scio, she that
was one of the fairest of the islands in the East,
is now become a desert, the scene of woe most
truly. Her population which, as I said before,
Was above one hundred and twenty thousand, is
now reduced to eight hundred ! The fathers
and the sons are murdered, that they may
not, participate in the happpiness of their
brothers in arms. The mothers and the wives
feel the same barbarous hands and bloody
knife—the virgins, the pure, undefiled ves-
tals are carried away for the debauchery of
the seraglio, and the young children, the infants
are received into the faith of Islam. Oh ! merci-
less, cruel, barbarous, intolerant, infidelity !
When will your horrid perpetrations cease. ?
Christians, they never will whilst they have the
power in Europe. How is it then, that we have
not shewn the least sympathy, the least Christian
charity, not held out the Samaritan hand of re-
lief, looked on and pasied by on the other side,
and not been a neighbour to the 'distressed ?
And you, active Christians, who disseminate and
propagate the Gospel of Christ, Him whom you
call your Master, and whose will ye serve, how
is that you have not called your countrymen to
assist you ? Not to have carried the Bible into
Greece when they are fighting, but to have help-
ed them by sending money, to aid them to drive
from their holy soil their persecutors, living un-
der whose authority you cannot expect that the

diffusion of the glad tidings of salvation will
prosper. We ought to have done this for the
benefits received from Greece—l speak as ,an
Englishman. How much we owe to the Greeks
for the barrier which they presented when Ma-
hornet with fire and sword, made such strides
with his lying faith ! How much to them since
for not having departed frOm their fixed deter-
mination ? llow much for having prevented the
overflow of Europe with I\lahomedanism ?--If
Greece had given way, the extension of that re-
ligion must have followed ; and are Mahome-
daus so sure of salvation as
,Christians ? And,
is our eternal happiness of such little moment,
that when those by whom our hopes have been
preserved, when those to whom we are greatly
indebted for Christianity,are in distress, that we
can venture to be unmindful of these things, that
we can dare to be ungrateful ? And how won-
derful it is tli!,it the Greeks, surrounded as they
have been by the religion off their masters, and
whilst Mahomedan soldiers have been sent
amongst them to depress that religion and to op-
press its followers, how wonderful it is that with
the exception of some little superstition, arising
from the ignorance in which they have been
kept, that they should still have remained faith-
ful! Greece has also enriched us with her learn-
ing—the greatest men from whom we have
gleaned so much were Grecians. Arid not only
for their profound learning, arts and sciences, are
we indebted, but for so much heavenly wisdom
of which Greece was the nursery. And now,
when they would drive from their classic and
holy soil, the barbarians and infidels who have
for so many hundred years kept them under, and

not permitted them the exercise of their Holy
Religion publicly—when they wish to worship
the Lord Gnn and his Son in his Holy Temple,
to rebuild the churches which the Turks have
laid even with the ground, and to restore those
which the worshippers of Mahomet have turned
into unholy Mosques ; will the refined mind of
England permit itself to be tainted with in-
gratitude ? Will the holy zeal of Christians in
this country, where Christianity is truly wor-
shipped, cease to burn ? Forbid it Heaven ;
forbid it ye Reverend Ministers of the Christian
Church of GOD. Ye Members of the Grecian
Church, Protestants, Catholics, Dissenters, away
with your different opinions, and unite in this
work of love, this holy cause.
I cannot contain myself on this subject. I
digress.. Scio, is it the visitation of the Almighty
that has overtaken thee ? No, it Is the bloody
brutality of our inhuman oppressors that has
done this. Does it require much commenta-
tion after relating the facts which I al=
ready have ? Does it not make humanity
shudder to think that men, yet hardly so,
should be guilty of such excess ? Is it not
almost enough to make the Christian nations
of the world red with ire ? If this, with a hun-
dred more instances of savage inhumanity, is not
cause enough to sound the nations again to war,
what cause is there for all the blood-shedding
on account of petty disputes between Princes
What business have Kings and Emperors to sa-
crifice their subjects for nothing, when such un-
heard-of barbarity -is permited—aye, sanc-
tioned, by such a courtly ambassador-ship as
Lord Strangford's ? Is there a particle of
justice in it ? Is this helping the distressed,
this protecting the • liberties and the rights
of nations ? Is this shewing any anxiety that
all people shall live in peace and happin-
ress ? Or has not the conduct' to the Turkish
Government since the execution of this atrocious
act, been childish, playful, known to be of none-
effect ? And if so, is it not winking at, and parti-
cipating in the guilt ? But when such offences
are going on, is Europe to remain at rest, and
countenance them not only now, but for the. fu-
ture ? Oh ! thou miscalled "Most Holy Alli-
ance," you that would not let a nation have a
king whom they would—you, for whose will
thousands and ten thousands have shed their
blood, cannot you spare a few thousands now in
such a holy cause ? It would be humanity, it
would be holy, and your soldiers, every one of
them would much rather fight against the Crescent
than ever they did against the, tri-coloured Flag.
Then, wherefore, for what reason ought you to tol.
crate the invaders of the rights of the Greeks, who
are Europeans, who are Christians, and who only
seek their own happiness ? We ca❑ see no other
than that of policy—destructive policy—but if
all the Members of this Holy Compact• were to
act according to the name which they have
taken upon themselves, were to act justly,
in unison,' We do not see why the independence,
the liberty of Greece could not be guaranteed
with good policy, without her participating in
the fate of Poland or of Naples. As the Allied
Sovereigns have not acted thus, as they have all
declared themselves neuter, but especially as
Austria has departed from that neutrality, and
assisted the Turks, Englishmen I call upon you
individually to join in a subscription for my poor,
deserted, but brave and almost unconquerable
countrymen; As we fight for our liberty, for our
lives ; as there are no terms but ruin, slavery, or
death, are you individually disposed to see our
Nation exterminated ? Can you look with in-
difference on Greece Coverd with the corpses of
her slain sons ? Will you remain neuter ? or will
you become an Ally, a powerful Ally of those
who have been nearly two years in arms, to al-
most no purpose, and who, in the end, can ex-
pect nothing but destruction ? Do you say that
you will not assist us ? Do you tell us to lay
down our arms and accept the terms, the mode-
rate conditions of our, not only ours but the ene-
mies of all Christendom. ' To put ourselves in-
to their treacherous hands, to partake of the fate
of the garrison of Tripolizza.'—No, no, we will
not, but to the field again—' Justice with cou-
rage is ten thousand men.' We have been ac-
cused of sharing, even of excelling, the Turks in
their perfidious treachery. That we have been
more inhuman than they. This is perfectly false;
totally without foundation. It is a deceitful ar-
gument against your helping us. When, in two
battles, in which the Turks gave no quarter, we
got the advantage—when they at last cried out
for it, did we not give it them ? Did we mur-
der the several thousand prisoners we took ?
No, none of them. Ours and your ships have
taken them to where they had no business to
come from to oppress us, and where we will
endeavour to keep them.
Another equally good-for-nothing argument
used by the enemies of our emancipation) is that
we have shewn ourselves totally unworthy of
our liberty. Flow worthless, how foolish is this !
Does not our two years struggle prove exactly
the reverse ? Does not the glorious battle at
Thermopylae evidence the contrary ? Are not
my countrymen, that small number 700, who
for the whole night there stopped the impetuous
course of 40,000 infuriated and well-armed Turks,
and the whole combined army, who in the morn-
ing killed and took prisoners all but 3,000 of that
40,000; are these not worthy of the liberty they
seek ? And, again, are not the Grecian Sailors,
who made the daring attack and burnt the
Turkish fleet, deserving of their freedom ? How
nobly from beginning to end was this action !
When it was perceived that it would be useless
for all the Grecian fleet to be employed, and
Government decided that two vessels should
undertake the expedition, hoist false colours, and
enter and blow up the Turkish fleet if posSible,
how the Grecian sailors were disappointed that
they could not all go in these two vessels !
Think of it, and does it not look like temerity,
like a foolish contempt of danger ? Two vessels
to attempt the destruction of a fleet of eleven,
each so much superior ! But it was not rashness,
it was cool, deliberate courage ; it was the in-
vincible spirit of the Greeks rising above every
opposition, evincing vigour the most extended,
and bravery scarcely to be equalled either in
ancient or modern history, We (my country,

to I
men engaged) knew with whom they 'la-- as
deal, and the quantum of force thi" -was
to be opposed to them ; they therefore be
out with the thought that they migh„lfjoas
taken in their designs and their itte,root
frustrated : and in this strait they c`7, with
forget the welfare of their country, but too' the
them combustibles that they might blow uP ho,
Turks, and (no other way of preserving theifheir
nour) themselves also. What devotion te 0,1!
country's cause ! What unmatched
And now let us look at the services performena,
by the rich Greeks; they, even they have
carried
listed, descended from their stations, and .fices
the bayonet in their hands. And what sacrt
__e
they have made of their property !—they Cross.
given all and followed the standard of the I.:hat
When the Greek merchants at Odessa heardAho
the Turkish fleet was at Constantinople, Tele
determined on sending all their ships to eoeot
your to destroy it, but the Russian Governhinoti
-would not permit this ; then the Greek reere-
sold their ships immediately, and resolved '°_„d,
into Greece with the proceeds for the public culiosf
Seeing these things, I cannot conceive iv,
people can be so perverse, obstinate, and Pater
diced against MY countrymen. However, ;fits
stating these facts, all their slavish argu:aLthe
which they have levelled against us rest `ll
end fall to the ground. r
I hope I have now said enough to justify )eggs
patriotts
ore-
titnotearrfgeoremnecoet ino uoauors
wfearveodu,r, but in order t°
will say a lord heir
When South America and Naples
deliverancebegant
from slavery, the argument'
only argument the enemies ,to our 'fight
brought forward was, that we had 'l° "ancl
to interfere between a Christian Printe no
his subjects. The Sultan, therefore, l'elrem
Christian, you are not to be restrained fher-
helping us by this reasoning, but rather ,°;el:s
wise. Moreover, the Sultan and the "in'tallf
are not of the same "religion, but the
at variance with each other, the latter bei''ecer
same with ourselves. And then we bac,ie„elicl yf
been virtually his subjects ; we were subuibtt
bu y
the sword, and- are, still kept oppress° are in
We have no share in the Government, t dregs/
fact slaves, and at his nod he dooms Man poes
in the case of Scio thousands, to death' .
our state then at all resemble that of the j.:efissist
Mans ? And can you say, as you did 0e ' lined
them, you ought not to assist us ? Th? sae
under eid flyh theirsovereign
rat
to
mai moderate-governmenttrs,yet,
when we
t h;e a
a orlrn,s t
havingohfo
It:
i"gi ee Ave'
religiono
s trians were blazoned in their sight, how 5i jakjogle
fully did they scout without strikiugoa.rconv
sbtlaonwcels,
andlV if o
he,re, then,ooe where the reas°l
:sthesimilaritY
7een;
The Neapolitans never were as we l'av,e,,n tbst
they never were subject to the opOress%t re'
we have endured—therefore you could not
lieve them from it. Their religion was the t bg
With the State—therefore they could °°,,
persecuted for the exercise of it. But ~,`` those
" Infidels," what are we not liable to fr°" Oor
who call us so ? Every thing that is bat" sent
bodies disfigured, and our ears and noses e are
a present to his highness, to she's' that w•jelf
his subjects, you know is COMMOn• 11°1V Iffol r
different, then, were their and our motives , so
-insurrection ! How trifling in comParisettl 'ifs;
much so, that we did not hear wl'a An
the injury of which they comPlahleti‘ted
then the manner in which they ac gete
ovr
their short-lived rebellion ;—have we
as they did ? Have we thrown
arms with timorous, cowardly- fear I,oclrth
we betrayed our Generals as they di" ;lit
cats- e tov-
No, we have not ; and we will be
nothing but Liberty or Death! What scly, 11‘.4
done shews that these are ,not
words e° e
that they are accompanied by deeds,:°l:ato ctli;
As I hope I have left no objee"°:sabouli,fl
helping us nnrefuted, and as I aul "°,"‘rintellu"
lay down my pen (when I began I 11:1,- in s°ll.l
to have written a shorwlet
this
is:crit(t"l
la
di in
ei
pi el
es
oafe
conspicuous part of your City),l anlY °in;
ith
upon you, first, to think in what a 'suite
ht that 1:
trymen are, and then Ido not dull-- cc to 11
f,or ovo
afflicted Mal the erly
dente,will still
of
tosv r s
hereafter
e! a andft
er smapsay
—We
rests," her r foot
a 4
stand tai
sufferingnn
sdpifroer epymeooouspt in your benefice° Gov
owe it to our
5911,a
A 000 , e
in England. You have lately sev,e_", farn°l ;
of your fellow-subjects in Ireland from 101
the
by your voluntary subscriptions, asocior)dr°et:
now save a whole nation from the, holy tance
Ottomans. May your charity in twsthe ba'a,,,"
be something in your favour, when sc-a
of this world's deeds shall be struc' judge
ea ac-
the books shall be opened and the, 10102
out of those which are written truc„,) C11111„51.:
cording to their works,;" and may Jr.'" to P.°o(
our Saviour and Redeemer, the", say leSst
" As much as ye did it unto one 01
rite.'
" these, my brethren, ye did
JUNEX, A Gitcl.4l4.' WAYsai
I must beg to say a word or tsv:r you t° ore
it unto
otiigtro
Postscript ; first, that it is no use '° 'wishes ,;
that you wish us success, unless Your
useful to 0-,
use' 01)11`
accompanied by acts that will be their p
secondly, to your public menlivehrooeadoto*fforG:aeredetielii°
dinners have drank to the "
What use is this unless they sta.'l_. ? Tb° ;00
their proper places in such actl7: not bebalve
lyou'ate h; ayv
you
ua smyaeyt donestill 1
expiateo t 11i
committed, and can rally your c°,l in the b.:.:014
their apathy. As I fully expecte credo .yo
u 1
be
ning of the Revolution that theeiseive9 to
have had, more friends, proving tl
hour
hove Unfit
.otit
lroeoaklliyogsfoor(atzlemi)n,defedhtaovethiiisolt.°_uteisfec,,reoutgi b tuo:rtoi,r
that I, a 'Clerk in a Counting-neobtrode, Poo,
cthoalittrilt;winouslodohbeaphrsospteyr for 111,e nt°, this, ttli o°l
sketch j'iowever, aril
ble endeavours on the public. IA Moe s°'
ton/
„oblie tv ?
rheoflpeectotuhpeorns mwiylslealifsfoo.r not having
your r f jiber ' 1
I want to know where area use 0 of
I be oast
who are always so ardent la ,rea.
Your philanthropists ? The 5
the Slave Trade ?

Printed_and Published for the Pnor tiAll
iV.°";'it3tilts
v 1e
511;‘4
rticc, No. 112, Strand, by J. 13.

.1/I.at.

Tit
