B (10 NA l'A RTE,

'" 11. M. S. Ferret, St. Ijeicna, Oct. 25, 18i 1.
'' General DuoN.►PAIZTE is 11111C11 an,l

highly displeased with the Island ;Ain! the resi-

. _ . .
, .
deuce allotted to him ; hoieever, here he is, arid
,- •
likely to rent tin, nOtil d,eatit .elostes Itii oloe;HI
;boors. Marshal BERTRA:4I) anti nil tl:t, otti:11:1-
ants, are at a house near the Inntliog-p;.lee ; bitt

tIiONAPAIITE iS lit Mr 13,1t.commi'srinthi. cottn-
\
lit, here he intends taking
.up itis abode until
'the house appropriAred to his reception i 9 regay.
The island of 1 is so fortifie,i by nAt ;It r,
as +cell is art, that i. is impossible be e4ninrike
,)tis escape ; but, mot withstanding, Molina
ButtN• (the fittest man in the world to guard him)
•bas thought it necessary to place two brigs on 'the
loqk,ont,, one above, and the other -below the

. .
ISLAM!. Rlail,ruie BRIITHAND hits been, extremely
since•lier arrival, but we hope she will soon re?
ns she is renitrkably. attentive to the
n(il.%h. • •
The Peruvian, Capt. Wurrizi and Zerrobin,.
DOItREE, have sailed for the Niandof Ai.
; the ilavannah, Clpt. fivoi.Twc, snits
1:101 row for the Cape. The Ceylon and Zephyr
Are bot yet arrived, but we hourly.'expeet.them.
'very thing; on the Irian(' is extreinely Clear; we
14.0pe,,linwever, Irons the frequent cururuiuuetticitts
Nvith.ttlie Cape, it will soon prove less 'so. 'rim Go-
zerip,r is Ve,"y popular.-

'lt is that Sir SIDNEY ns the Insti-.
Into and I",resitient ot the. Association of Chris,:
tij„K„ishis; yoluntarily enrolled for the pitrpose;
orputting an end to the atrocious anti degrading
outragos oL the pirat;,eal ;States of 13,41bary; has
appointed fi'eneral CAtt).:ol.,: his Licutellaut- and
Itlanaging.Director for the united Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, With full powers and
instroctionti to forward the genera!-design by nil
practicable. sneatiS. It is
_ttlio asserted, that re-
presentations shave been sent front the
,central
Office of this new Crusade 'to till the Ministers
tints. iniLtinplon, Iron) the Courts of the Christian
Vowers ot the Mediterranean, and Of all' those
whose flags are itistilted,-their proptrties. plunder:.
cd, sad their subjects c•il ied into slavery,;tl%l;Eg
°lentil) tne strongest terms to press for the sane,
Con support of. the Dritish Cabinet to .thA
