SLAVERY.

Lord NORRIS presented a petition from a town in the
county of Waterford,. praying the abolition of slsvery.
The Noble Lord observed, that he would take care in fu-
ture to nut his name on the Speaker's list before. that of
the Hon. Member for 'Waterford (Mr. O'Connell), as for
three nights he had been 'detained for duce hours, while
that lion. Gentleman excited debate.

Mr. RUTIIVEN, as an Irishman, could not tamely
listen to such personal attacks.
Mr. HUME also protested against such irregular refer-
ences to the Parliamentary conduct of any Member. If
the Noble Lord wanted to get away from the House early,
he ought to have attended earlier. This night the debate
had been produced by an attack on the honour and charac-
ter of his lion. Friend (Mr. O'Connell), who was driven
into the dismission in mere self-defence.
The SPEAKER observed, that as the Noble Lord was
a young Member, he had not noticed the remark, which
was certainly irregular. This House was not the place
where the attendance of Members should be made a matter
of complaint ; but he thought that the Noble Lord had
meant what he said merely in good humour.
The petition having been brought up, _

Mr. O'CONNELL- askd that lie ceu-rted the censure of
those who could frivolously assail a Menthor for attend-
ance in the discharge of his duty. Ile huh no connection
with Ministers, and expected nothing from them ; and if
the Noble Lord would consult only hie conscience in his
vote, and do as much for Ireland as he (Mr. O'Connell)
had done, more fa►ne would attend the Noble Lord than
had belonged to any of his ancestors than he had ever
heard of.

The SPEAKER interposed. The lion. Gentleman
ha,' not the excuse of being a new Member ; and it wee
highly irregular to urge imputations, more especially pro-
spectively. A comparison of Parliamentary conduct was
nei►her fair nor regular.

Mr. °TONNELI. Was convinced at once that he had
been in error; awl the personal nature of the attack of
the Noble Lord WWI his only excuse..

The petition Was then laid upon the table.
Mr. PRINGLE presented a petition from the Presby-
tery of Selkirk against slavery.
Mr. GISIIMINE presented a similar petition from
Stafford.

Sir W. FOULKES presented eight petitions, with the
Name prayer, from towns of Norfolk.

Air. MIME presented a petition against slavery, frotn
the Wesleyan Metho,lists of flarrow-on-the-11111.
Sir E. 14131111150 N prebented a petition of the same
kind from the Borough of Eye.

PENDAIIVES prettunted a like petition from a
town of (..l“rourall.

Air. AIUN.DY presented eight petitions from Derbyshire
against slavery. lie would not move that they should Le
printed, on account of the great expellee, attended by no
corresponding advantage.
Air. O'CONNELL hoped that the lion. Mernha would
take pare to vote against every other useless expellee.
