UNION-HALL.

AUDI ALTERAAI PARTEAI.-.—TIIERE ARE AI,
YVAYS Two SIDES TO A STORY.—Yesterday morn-
ing an extremely interesting-looking young female,
with a philanthropic-beaming blue eye and a love-
dimpled cheek, appeared to prefer a charge against
her husband, a "jolly young Waterman," for re-
fusing to live with her, or to allow her wherewithal
sufficient to keep body and soul together.

The complainant (who was rather modishly at-
tired), in the sweetest accents imaginable, and with
a languishing droop of the head a la Juliet, whilst
the body of her dress, ever and anon, arose in gentle
undulations as " her bosom heaved a sigh," thus
stated the case :—" If you please, gentlemen, be-
fore I was married I was in a milliner's establish-
ment in Oxford-street. One day, having occasion
to go to Wauxhall-bridge on business, I got into a
wherry, and was rowed there by the young man
before you. He was werry agreeable, and (heigh
ho!) made love to me. lie told me he earned 3/.
a week, and would marry me if I would have him.
After some time I consented, and we were made
man arid wife three days afterwards. (Heigh ho !)
It was a sad mishap for me, for we have only been
married four months, and now he has turned me out
of doors, and swears he will have nothing more to
do with me. Oh ! it is too bad. I wish I had
never gone to \Vauxhall-bridge in his wherry, for it
is werry crooel and unkind of him to treat me in
this manner when he well knows I love him so
werry much. (Heigh ho!)" Hereupon tears glis-
tened in the fair narrator's eyes, and, as they chased
one another down her soft cheeks, she contrived,
with the assistance of a lemon-scented white cambric
pocket-handkerchief, to do the amiable in the pret-
tiest manner imaginable, so as to excite the sympathy
of the Magistrate and the hearers.
Magistrate—What have you to say to this un-
feeling conduct? Defendant—Why, please your
Worship, as to the first part of the story, about the
young woman coming into my wherry, and as how
we was married in consequence, is all that's correct.
As to her millinery establishment, that's all moon-
shine, for I have found out she has been on the town
these five years. I was regularly taken in with her.
As she says is werry sorry she ever came into my
wherry, so am I werry sorry for it. too; and I am
werry sorry my wherry didn't upset and drown
either one or both before she ever became my wife.
She's an out-and-outer; one of the most noto-
riosetest characters going. You musn't mind, your
Worship, her pretty mock-modesty face.
Complainant (sobbing violently)—Oh ; crooel,
crooel George, how can you say so ? Defendant—
George me, no Georges. It won't do with me.
You would deceive the werry devil till he know'd
your tricks. Well, your worships, when we was
married I had a snug little cabin of my own, nicely
fitted up, but I soon found out that when I was
away, dandy-dressed gemmen used to visit her. She
portended that it was only a little fun. "is it, in-
deed," says I; " why, then, the sooner you gives
up such fun the better, for I stands no nonsense."
One day when I went home, -- me if she hadn't
stripped the house of every thing in it, leaving int
neither rag nor bag, nor bed to lay down on.
" Well," says I to myself, " here's a pretty piece
of business ;" but I dida't mind it much, thinking
it was a good riddance of bad rubbish; but, b.,
Jove, she had the impertinence to run into debt in
my name, and 1 was arrested because 1 couldn't
pay the people. Now, as she finds out I have got a
decentish place again, she wants to come back to me,
but I'tn not to be bamboozled out of my goods a
second time by her. A precious fool penple would
think me, with a witness to it,

Magistrate—But if you do not support your wife
I must send you to priSon.
Defendant—Any where you please, your worship.
lam at your service. The way I came to be
bothered again with her is this :--I went into u
public-house to get a pint of beer, and there was
my wife sitting in a room, treating a great ugly
black sailor that she has taken a fancy to to break-
fast. When I went out PE be followed me and
wanted money, and because I would not give her
any she gave me in charge to a constable.
Magistrate—l am sorry you have been captured
in this way by such a trimlooking frigate cruizing
under false colours, The law makes no allowance
for a man's wife being a prostitute, which it is
evident is the case here, though I never saw modesty
better personified amongst that class. You must
allow her half-a-crown a week.
Defendant—lt is quitir, im,onsistent with reason
to do any such thiyig.
Mezistvte7—Then you must go to prison.
The ", jolly young waterman" vehemently pro-
tested against such a decision; but, as Brixtdn and
the treadmill suddenly appeared before his eyes,
still saying--

I new consent—consented,"
he said; as he left the office. "It was a werry pretty
story—but he would take werry good care how he
meddled with young women again in his wherry."
His frail fair rib erniied sweetly on the magistrate,
thanked him for his kindness, curtsied, and withdrew.

The eccentric Duke of BRUNSWICK seems
to have made the late Emperor Pim. of Russla his model.
His Imperial INIAJEsTv, in one of his vagaries, challenged
his late Majesty, GEORGE AIL, and Brunswick's Duke
has thought fit to challenge our present Sovereign, in ons
of his frolics. It is really surprising what pains soret'
persons take to make themselves ridictflvua•

Wonder riot when I tell you that they regard
Old England with no more concern than a flou-
rishing English yeoman bestows upon New
South Wales.

The above was a necessary introduction to
some account of colonial politics. Into what
parties are we divided ? What are our standing
questions ?
As with you, we have " Government" and,
" Opposition." You see the necessity of Go-
vernment, but wish to learn the object of opposi-
tion. The use of your opposition, regarding it
not as a party but as an act, is not always ap-
parent. The existence of our opposition party
must be explained by reference to the last para-
graph. The Government is conducted by En-
glishmen connected with the colony only by
their offices. These persons do not come here
to remain. They are not settlers in any sense.
of the word. By the settlers, therefore, with,
whose indifference towards England you are ac-.
quainted, they are regarded as foreigners. They.
are foreigners except by name. Their main in-
terests and affections have reference only to
England. They are mere sojourners here.
They do not like the place even as a temporary
residence. How should they ? Is it not
Botany Bay ? Having to deal with a popula-.
don of which far more than half the adults are.
criminals actually suffering punishment, they ac-
quire the sentiments and manners of gaolers and
turnkeys. They are overbearing, therefore ;
peremptory ; quick at taking offence ; suspici-
ous; jealous of their almost boundless power,
and yet fearful of the lawless body under their
controul, whom, at the same time, they despise.
Nevertheless, their enormous power for good, or
evil procures them many partizans amonst the
cy, eta and
it
colonists. These, united with them, form the
ns of oir.►r vis, andi
ofcertaino importance,
ein ofig theran childrent of fie
Government party. The oppositiwt consists of
emancipated convicts who have attained wealth
and imp
many cases of generous, tempers, of whom some
cannot tamely brook subjection in their own
persons, some hate oppression in the abstract,
and some are filled with it high ambition like
that which urged the robber-shepherd to found
[tome. These are the leaders of four-fifths of
the population, They are bent upon procuring
for the colony a Government of colonial origin.
They want trial by Jury and a Legislative As-
sembly. They talk even of perfect independence.
They are rebels, every one c,f them, at heart;
and nothing but a sense of weakness deters them
from drawing the sworil,

The state of Spain during the reign of Joseph
Buonaparte osiers a parallel to our political con-
dition. We have a foreign King, the creature
of a foreign power ; foreign civil officers, a foreign
army, domestic partizans of the foreign rule, and
a people strongly disaffected. The likeness holds
good in another important particular. As most
of the Spanish partizans, oi Joseph Buonaparte
were still essentially Spaniards, and were always
ready to have 4eserted the foreign King for a
powerful Government purely Spanish, so the
Australian partizans of the deputed British Go-
vernment would, I believe, with very few excep-
tions, rejoice to obtain a domestic government,
which is the avowed object of the Opposition.--
If the immediate independence of this country
were a probable event, the whole body of col°.
nists would form one party. At present they are
divided into two parties : those who serve time
and bow to circumstances, taking meanwhile all
the good within their reach--and • those who,
regardless of time and seasons, hay* embarked
their energies in a cause which must be hopeless
during the present generation—the independence
of Botany Bay I Of course, if you come here,
you will belong to the Government party.
To one or other you must belong, unless you
would prefer to be at enmity with both. Neu-
trality is out of the question, An English
Churchman may live in peace between a Papist
and a Methodist, because there are some points
on which he can agree with both, as, indeed, the
opinions of all three have a common foundation.
But the disagreement of parties in this little cos
lony is absolute and universal. It admits of no
compromise or qualification. It extends front
the great speculative question of independence
aa
tnine
ae
l r i
anti n which
over all possible matters of opinion, and tiriough
every operation of theG()veiriN,n,hieienht downbegets is
to the
it
least important act of the most humble public
functionary. The
hostility
tbhiettewraarnfadreuins".c4osnildigu'eteldis dmtieoginm
offensive
fai v e;e be e ctaou se, in the first place, the
face
front per-
year's end to
sTirri4lyilY brought oposing factionsop of our little capital are neces-
year a end, and from morning to night ; and,
secondly, because cheapness
of land and dearness
of labour render men', minds as narrow as their
territo7 is extensive, presentin, not wily- the

native growth of liberal feeling and polished
manners, but also the importation from abroad
of those attributes of civilization. Have I said
enough to convince you that the state of parties
here does not admit of neutrality ?
This account of the intensity of party feeling
not at variance with my assertion, that wool is
the ruling idea of the colony. Of course you
do not understand that assertion quite literally.
It is, however, almost literally true. " Cleaving"
is the ruling idea of an American backwoods-
man, and yet he may be a violent partizan of
Clay or Jackson. It is just because the Colo-
nists are too much occupied with questions of
daily bread to have leisure for inquiry and reflec-
tion that they make such violent politicians.
Were the leading inen of both parties as rich as
tliey would be—supposing land dear, and labour
cheap—they would have time and motive calmly
to examine the great question that disturbs them.
They would perceive on the one hand that this
colony is not yet qualified to govern itself, even
partially, by means of a Colonial Assembly ;
and on the other hand, that its complete inde-
pendence is, sooner or later, inevitable. Having
made these concessions to reason and truth, they
would have a common object, that of securing
every attainable good and cultivating the re-
sources, and, above all, the minds of their coun-
trymeu, with a view to that self-government
which must come, but which would prove a
grievous curse if it should come out of season,
and without due preparation.
It behoves me to satisfy you that we are not
at present qualified to govern ourselves, and to
state my reasons for presuming that our grand-
children will assert their independence.
First, as to our incapacity for self-government.
The population of the settlement may amount in
round numbers to 45,000. Of these only 14,000,
including women and children, have not been
convicted of felony ; and two-thirds of the re•
mainder, seven-eights being grown men, are
galley-slaves, still in chains! Are you convinced ?
Secondly, as to the probable epoch of our in-
dependence. This question may not be settled
by a few figures. Indeed it involves so many,
and such grave considerations, that I have done
wrong, perhaps, to touch upon it in a familiar
letter. I will not, however, discuss the whole
eNestion ; as it is not from me that you have to
learn why a people, governed from afar, and
continually increasing their territory, must have
a continually increasing tendency .to rebellion.
I will therefore only point your attention to se-
veral circumstances, which, in this colony, are
either peculiar or excessive, and which threaten
to give an uncommonly rapid progress to the
tendency just mentioned.
1. The very great distance between the Go-
vernment and the subjects, which far exceeds the
space by which any former plantation having free
scope for the increase of people, was separated
from a Mother Country. 2d. In this Colony
there are neither warlike natives, nor dense
forests, nor extensive swamps, nor impracticable
mountains, to prevent the people from spreading
till they shall become as wild as Tartars, and as
awkward to catch. Nor are there any great
navigable rivers to compensate, by affording
easy communication between distaet parts, for
the want of savages, forests, swamps, and moun-
tains. 3d. Land is cheaper, and as soon as the
present system of criminal slavery shall be at an
end, labour will be dearer than in other new
countries. I say that land is cheaper than else-
where, because the use of land can be obtained
at a less price. The settler in North America
though he should obtain a right to land for no-
thing, must pay largely for the use of that right.
He mint drain and clear his grant before he can
use it, at a great cost of money, or money's worth.
Whereas, here there are hundreds of thousands
of square miles of unappropriated land, already
cleared and drained by the hand of nature. Land
therefore may be said to be cheaper here than in
America. Cheapness of land is another ex-
pression for scarcity of labourers ; and, as land
here is extraordinarily cheap, we may expect
that, when the supply of convicts shall cease ;
labourers for hire will be excessively scarce.—
Thus we shall have excessive dearness of labour,
but this is not all, we shall suffer also from an
excessive scarcity of dear labour. Dearness of
labour alone would go far to prevent the accu-
mulation of wealth ; but a scarcity of dear labour
will absolutely forbid it. Hence I judge that
our e;randchildren will be a race of unmixed bar-
barians, more ungovernable than even the white
savages of Kentucky. 4th. The democratic
,spirit which must exist, where every man pos-
sesses a little wealth and a little knowledge ; but
no man which possesses much of either, will
surely exist here. That this spirit cannot exist
without hostility to England, the least demo-
cratic of free States, is proved by the history of
Republican France, and of Independent Ame-
rica. Since the Americans opened roads over
the chain of the Alleghanies, and thus obtained
greater facilities for spreading, they are become
.less civilized, more democratical, and, I believe,
more hostile to England, than in the days of
Franklin and Washington. Hence, and looking
also at the hatred of authority which has been
imported, and is constantly maintained, by cri-
minal immigration, I conclude that the Austra-
lians will hate their parent country more bitterly,
and at an earlier period, than did the British
Colonists in America, because they will have
greater facilities for growing up poor, ignorant,
and democratical. sth. And lastly—coming
now to the question of power. It was not the
lorests and swamps of America that enabled a
handful of farmers and hucksters to defeat a
powerful nation. If the American Colonists
had accumulated wealth, and had been crowded
together, though in the midst of forests and
swamps, they might have been readily subdued.
It was their poverty and their dispersion that
constituted their strength. They h:td little to
lose except their lives, and it was impossible to
take their lives on a large scale, because they
were never to be caught congregated in masses,
They met the force of concentration, which is so
useful in attack, by a successful defence, of which
the essence was dispersion. The Partbians of
old, the Cossacks of late, and now the South
American Republics, whose fruitless endeavours
to destroy each other promise to be perpetual,
have established that Tartars, united in- will, and
fighting on their own plains, are not to be con-
quered. Now, from the foregoing considerations,
it appears to me that Australia is peculiarly
adapted to become, at a very early period too,
the abode of a Tartar people, I conclude,
therefore, that our grandchildren will govern, or
rather misgovern, themselves.
(TO BE CONTINUED.

There are at present 14large distilleries in active
operation in Campbelton. The whiskey is sold readily at
7s 6d. the old, or Its. the imperial gallon.:-- G lasgow
Chronicle.

The coath, which caused so much destruction
among the sheep last year, owing to the wetness of the
iwason, has again made its appearance in Somersetshile,
especially at Crewkerne.—Cheltenham Chronicle,

EXPRESS FROM PARIS.

(From the Constitutionnel.)

BERLIN, AUG. 26.—0 n the 20th a-, Courier ar-
rived here from London, in consequence of which
the funds fell one per cent. The following is the
cause. Baron Btdow, the Prussian Ambassador at
the. Court of London, having had an interview with
the Duke of Wellington, delivered to him the de-
spatches from his Court, in which it was endea-
voured to lead him to a system of peace and concord.
After some discussion, the Duke of Wellington be-
came.angry, and declared so positively in favour of
the Porte, and against Russia, that the Prussian
Ambassador, whose instructions are said to be posi-
tive, suddenly interrupted him, and said that in that
case he desired his passports. His Grace was asto-
nished at this decisive step of the Ambassador, and
endeavoured to give the conversation a more ami-
cable turn, but the Prussian Ambassador persisted
in saying, that after what he had heard no alterna-
tive was left but to leave London immediately. At
length he consented to remain in London till a Cou-
rier, to be sent by the Duke and himself, should
bring back an answer to London. This Courier has
arrived here, and the answer is preparing. The
French Papers have spoken of an alliance between
France and England ; it is believed here, and the de-
parture of the Duke of Cumberland and Prince
George is supposed to be connected with it. How-
ever, it is probable that peace will not be inter-
rupted, and that some explanations will settle the
affair at London.

(From the Allyemeine Zeitung of the 29th August, also
received by the Express. )

CONSTANTINOPLE, AUG. B.—At length the Porte
is obliged to adopt another system, and to listen to
the suggestions of reason, which it has repelled for a
series of years with incredible arrogance. The ad-
vance of Gen. Diebitsch towards Kirk-kilissa, where
his van-guard arrived upon the Gth, and the landing
of a Russian corps at Iniada, have made so deep
an impression on the population of the capital and
the Ottoman Ministry, that a dreadful crisis was to
be apprehended if the Sultan had any longer refused
to accept the proposals of the Foreign Amba'sadors,
and sheaved himself willing to agree to a general ar-
rangement of the points in dispute. The Sultan
seemed to be this time sensible of his situation, and
to do every thing requisite for peace, and the satis-
faction of his people. He has accepted the Treaty
of the 6th July, and the Protocol of 22d March
changing the tribute, without any other clauses. He
will grant to the Russian flag the free passage
through the Bosphorus, and has engaged to nego-
ciate on the basis of the Convention at Akermaun,
but has expressed a wish that the negociatiens may
be carried on at Constantinople itself. The capital
is now more tranquil. We know nothing of the
Turkish array, which seems to be dissolved, as the
troops ordered to Adrianople turned back after a
day's march, and are now at Ejub, where there are
about 15,000 men.

SEMLIN, AUG. 18.—Letters from Sophia say,
that the situation of the Grand Vizier at Shumla is
ery critical, and that he has made to General Kras-
sowsky proposals of capitulation, which have not
been accepted.
VIENNA, AUG. 23.—0 n the receipt of the pacific
intelligence from Constantinople yesterday, couriers
were immediately sent to Petersburgh, Paris, and
London.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, SEPT. 2.-Five per Cents,
109 f. 95c. 110 f. 109 f. 95c. 110 f. 109 f. 95c. 90c. ;
Three per Cents, 80f. 95c. 75c.; Bank Stock, 1,830 f.
1,840 f. ; Rentes de Naples, 86f. 40c. 35c. 851. 95c,
861. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 71i; Rente perp. d'Esp.,
47:14. Exchange on London—One month, 25f. 55c. ;
Three months, 25f. 40c.
