LONDON,
MONDAY EVRNING, .111Altel1 27, 1820.

AuM4i'vp.

A liumburgh Mail arrived this morning, by
11 hick we have received German Papers to 21st
inst. In Prussia,:t has been found necessary to follow ,
the example of England, by administering relief
to the Commercial interest. Leans upon Produce
and Merchandize, have accordingly. been ad-
vanced by the Royal Bank—on Wool in particular,
us the most important article of export—to the
amount of-3 millions of rix dollars. The stock of
Foreign Wool held in London on commisiinti
principally by the house of the late Mr.: GOLD..
SCIIMIDT—'is stated at 50,000 bales, but of this,
Considerable part is said to be of a quality too in-
ferior for the British market. Such however is the
infinite variety of our Woolten Manufacture, that
it might, perhaps, be difficult to discover II
market for any material that cannot be applied
to some useful, purpose in this country:. It bus
akrays been considered, that the superiority of
Our tnanu facto revs, has been eminently conspi-
cuous in low priced good s—i II which the abun-,
dance of coal, anti universal application Of ma,
chinery, have hithorto enabled our manufac-
It!ter.4 to compete with those of the Conti-
lifint• An expectation of improiement: 13 noticed
in our communications - from the manufacturing
4istricti; cannot, however,: indulge any
sanguine- hope of immediate relief, from the

uverwholming stocks m Rich press ul►on our
markets. iloth in America and Europe, tl►ose
who tvere -ciur, best customers, are without the
present power of purchasing : at all events, some
interval must elapse, ere they can be relieved
from the distress in which the foreign user-
Chants are immerged. Until that period shall
arrive, there can be no reasonable hope of any
beneficial export from this country :
FRANCKVOILT, MARCH 3.

NVe learn by letters from Berlin, that the Prussian Bank has
received permission, in a manner analogous to the Bank of
tngland,' to-make loans upon wool as the most important export
article of Prussia., to the amount of three millions of dollars.—
Our letters from London. say, that the quantity of wool yet
unsold in the warehousei in that city is from 45 to 50,000 bales.
•Among them, however, it is added, there is a great deal of ex-
tremely Inferior quality which is not likely to suit the English
2,ilanufactitiers, and must therefore be re-exported. It is
thought a4O, that in our fair more of inferior descrip-
-ns "11 tine will be brought to market. And as the
middling sorts
arc constantly in demand for the daily
use of the manufactories, and these are mostly in the
lands
of speculators, who are not under a necessity of selling,
some hopes are entertained that this article, which is of so much
ti-"Portance to our landholders, will improve in price. betters
tom Atnsterdam give a more favourable account of the state
°1 thc Money market. According to the balance sheet of
the house of Illeerwien, .at Carlsrhue, the assets amount to
40°0000 •florins, and the debt to 2,500,000 florins only. But
then the value of stock in the funds of different states, is esti-
Mated at the pricel at which they . were. purchased; • and from
which they • have considerably declined, for instance, Austrian
I%letallignettat 22, shares in the Vienna Bank at 1350, so that
the loss to the creditors wilt, probably be considerable--
I'M/genuine &Wow, 4111frch 20.) •

Ixtrisro, MAncit 14.
Ilenceforward we are to have an annual Wool-fitir here, to
commence on the hat Tuesdayin Aiiip, and continue eight days.
The wool brought into the city during that time will pay only
loaf the duty, and when It is arnica out again, the duty will be
returned on proof that his not sold.

SWITZMILANTI, MAUCH 14.

Baron D'Erberg, the Austrian Charo d'Affaires, has made
tr‘sh complaints to the Directory. on the enlisting of' Austrian
subjects these complaints relate chiefly to the Voralherg—
If:Fro:4/er/ Papers, March l:).)

Private letters from llamburgh contain details
:on the state of Russia, from which it must be in-
ferred that there is much to effect in that
P'nlPire, ere the vigilance Government can for a
moment be released. If, as is now asserted, not
fewer that 20,000 Thdividuals are known to
have been implicated in the conspiracy against
A Ltxmlbrat—and of those the larger part of
ri s tocra tic family- and connection—it may be
some time before the Emperor Nicitor.A.s can feel
himself firmly seated on the Throne of the Czars.
The Coronation or the Emperor at Moscow, is

said to have been deferred from the month of
September to October.
In Prussia it is in contemplation to establish
a Military Colony near Potsdam, on a similar
principle with that formed by ALEXANDER ill
Russia.

We understand it to be settled, that. Dr. VAN
MILDER; the present Bishop of Landaff, will
succeed to the 'vacant See of Durbin-iv; and that
the See of Landaff will. be filled by Dr.
SANER. •

Sir Ar.rxANnza MALT, Bart., attached to his
Majesty's Embassy, St. Petersburgh, arrived at
the Foreign Office, on Friday night, with dis-
patches from his Grace the Duke of \V ELGINGI-
- and Lord. Viscount STRANGFORD.
Mr. MOORE, the King's Messenger, was sent
off on Saturday, night with dispatches from Mr.
Secretary CANNING to the Duke of WELLINGTON
at St. Petersburgh.

On Saturday night Mr.' Ilot.stEs, a King's
Messenger, was sent, of from the Foreign Office
with dispatches to the Right Hon. HENRY IV EL.
Llnry, our Ambassador at the Court of Vienna.
Mr. Myr, the King's Messenger, was sent off
on Thursday evening from the Secretary of
State's Office for Foreign Affairs with dispatches
for Lord PortsoNny at Plymouth, his Lordship
being shortly expected to' proceed on his Em-
bassy as Minister Plenipotentiary from his MA-
JEsTy to the Republic of Colombia.
On Saturday night Mr. SMITH, another King's
Messenger, was sent off with dispatches from
Mr. Secretary CANNING to Lord PONSONHY.
'Mr. FLACK, the Ambassador from the Nether-
lands, transacted business on'Saturday with Mr.
CANNING, at his Office in Downing-street.
'Mr. HAY, Under Secretary of State for Ow
Colon►al Department, left town on Thursday for
Suffolk.
The loss sustained by M. FaANcoNI, by the
destruction of his Theatre at Paris (the Cirque
Olympique),is estimated at 733,000 francs, above
30,0001., inclusive of a sum of 25,000 francs iu
bank-notes; and destroyed in the fire 30,000
francs in moveable goods, belonging to the
younger. FRANCONT.

- -
The SAILORS belonging to DUNDEE, in the
London trade, have again struck for an advance
of wages. The crews of the Olive and Lord
Kinnaird deserted them, lust week, and these
vessels were thereby • detained front proceed-
ing on 'their voyages. The shipping companies
dispatched expresses to Perth, Arbroath, and
other towns, Where seamen were easily pro:
cured, at the wages refused by the Dundee
seamen. We have been informed, that, on
Saturday night, a deputation from the " Union
Association" wt:ited on the men thus got .froM
other towns, and offered to pay them a month's
wages, m ith their expences back to their own
homes, if they would break the engagements
made with the Shipping Companies. The
offer was rejected, end, on Sunday morning,
while the Lord Kinnaird was hauling put,
the crew were assailed with the must abusive
language by a party of Union•men stationed at
the'ilnck gates, apparently for the purpose of
doing so. Does not this look like intimidation ,?
—( Edinburgh Courant, March 9.5.)
-
11'o :try informed that a requistiou was present-
ed to the Mayor of Southampton, during the last
week, to entreat hire to call a meeting of the in-
habitants to petition Parliament on the subject of
negro slavery; that it was respectably signed
by 1(i 1 persons, among whom was the name of
Mr. Chutuberinsnr; but that he refused the prayer
of the requisionists, because he had had a counter
requisition presented to him. No one, we are
assured, blames the Cliief Magistrate, as, had he
'been left to his own humane principles and 'Un-
biassed judgment, is is believed he would have
acted differently ; but the Circumstance is worthy
of notice, as being the only instance of the kind
that has occurred in the kingdom.—(Humpshire
Telegraph.)
BEAR BA ITINCL—One of these disgraceful ex.
hibitions lately took place at Boulogne ; the pro.
prietor of a menagerie
,having lost his whole col-
lection by shipwreck. A subscription had been
made by the French and Knglish to afford him the
means of forming a new establishment, towards
which a very fine silver bear was procured, and
under the impression that such brutal sports afford
*amusement to the Eng;ishmett, the promoters ar-
ranged an attack on the unfortunate animal, by
the most ferocious dogs that could be procured.
Many of the English it appears, who subscribed
from charitable motives, were unaware of the
cruelty they uninteutionally promoted, and seve,-
ral ladies endeavoured when too lute to preserve
the animal from its inhUman perseeutors; an
assurance has, howeveri since been obtained from
the French authorities, that no further exhibition
of such disgusting scenes will be permitted within
Cinque Ports Herald.)
their jurisdiction.—(
The Jewish FeStival of the Passover, many of
our readers are no doubt aware, usually occurs within a few
days of our Easter, the periods pf the return of
.both being regu-
lated by the same natural events. An enceptTn to this rule,
however, occurs every fourth year, at whic.li time, in order to
accommodate their calendar to the actual period in which the sun
performs its annual revolution, the Jews introduce an intereal-
lary month, called the Vi Adar, or Adar Sogi ; the effect of
winch is to throw back the feast of the. Passover one month.—
The present being the year in which this rectification of their
calendar takes place, the Passover does not commence till the
22d of next month. The fast of Esther was commemorated
among the Jews on Wednesday last, and the feast of Purim on
the following day.
About five o'clock on Saturday afternoon, a
FATAL ACCIDENT happened in Crawford-street,
-
Marylebone.:-'-William Hicks, a fine youth about
nine years of age, was
playing with marbles,
and totally
intent on his amusement, did not
observed a cart heavily laden with crates (appa-
rently from one of the Paddington wharfs), by
which he was knocked down' .and bruised in a
very dreadful manlier. The poor. little renew, was
carried into the shop of M. Gaillard, a surgePll) itt
Upper Montagn&street, where he expired in a
was going at a steady Paco,
few minutes after. At the time the Occident hap-
pened, the cart was.
en the right and the carman near his bursts.

r.

?trikl-0.4

THE FUNDS.
This being kept as a holiday, the Bank and
both the Stook Exchanges are closed.

There was a small assemblage of Brokers and
Jobbers on 'Change, and some few bargains in
Consols have been done at 771—the market ex-
tremely heavy. Money Is less scarce—the Bank-
ers, weary of hoarding without interest, are
beginning to let out by degrees—but still with
cautious timidity.
