GEAMAN PAPERS.

DRESDEN. DEC. 15.—Our King bps received
e riese,.ts fr3n) his Imperial Majesty at
•osibang of soperb vases, atid some services
of .•eyres porealin and tapestry. .
Getiel,ll VALENCE, who commanded the troops
of the Duchy of Warsaw in Spain, has received
the Grand Cross of the Saxon Older of

•STOCKHOLM, DEC. 2.—The t;eaty of peace con-
cluded with Dennwk on the Toth, will also ige" im-
.
meatately ratified on our part.
'rue Prusgia'n Counsellor of Legation, Vorr TAR-
R.% cu, and the Secretary of Legation, Count Vow
140TEND0FFIN, are ordered here:

CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov, !Q.—The storms have
been so violent this year in the Black Sea, that se-
veral Russian ships of war have been obliged to take
shelter in Turkish ports there. It is said here, that
the Russians had considerable. defeats under the
wails of Silistria, and , have been forced entirely
to abandon the right bank of the Danube. The
Grand Vizier's head=quarters are • at. Kudschnck.
Prince BAGRATION, Commander in Chief of 't.l4
Rassian,army, has his head-qUarters. in Aloldavia
an 'Wallachia. A French Courier has brought the
news here at the peace between Austria and France.
WARSAW, DEC. 14.;--In New Gallicia a National
Guard has been forded. The whole Polish niili:ary
force, including the army, Which is from 60 to
70,000 men-strong, may be raised to 160,000,
It is confirmed by private advices, that 4ussia ob.;
tains the 400,090 souls stipulated in the, Austrian
treaty in Old Gall.cia, and that part on the frontiers
of Podolea which borders on the Buccowene on. the
South.—The two circles of Parnopol and Zalesscy th,
will be united with. Russia.

BERLIN, DEC: 16. This, day se'nnight the so-
lemn entry of tour beloved King will rake..place.
The whole garriion turns out on the road of NV eis-
sendel9, and then returns with the guards that shall
have joined it ;. meantime,' the citizens will mount
guard. The King has waved all exclusive denion-
:orations. of joy i yet, notwithstanding this, a ge-
:l=l illumination will take place.

Anti CA.—About 18 months ago a detachment
set-out from the Cape, consisting of Capteein '
van, of the 33d, a Surgeon, and some Hottentot
soldiers; but the object of- their mission was for a
long time kept secret. These travellers, after
meeting many of those accidents which usually re-
tard the progress of a dangerous and difficult enter-
prize, have been traced as far as Leelako, a very
considerable village, which has been discovered. some
years ago, and which is fully described in Mr. Bar-
row's Travels to Cochin-China. Since their de-
parture from that village, the . fate of the tnis4on
was unknown, and its success was despaired of,
when the news of its arrival in the vicinity of the
Pollt.uguese.,' settlements, on the Mosambique Coast,
arrived at the Cape. The Governor has received dis-.
patches from this mission, which cannot fail to be
agreeable to all whrnake an interest either in the fate
or the persons attached to the mission, or to the pi o-
gress of 'the sciences and civilization in those parts
of the world, hitherto supposed the most t arba-
rous. These travellers have not, in the course of
their proceeding of more than a thousand leagues,..
discovered any real savages, exept the Dutch inhabi-
tants ofehe frontier provinces of the Colony. Every
where else they were received with kindness; they
have found wild camels and cameleopards, aid have,
observed very singulai arrangements in the establish-
ments of the natives, their property, the furniture of
their houses; and the system of slavery which exists .
throughout the interior of Africa, and they will pro-
bably give the public, one day, the very curious de-
tails of their journey, in a country where no other
European had ever penetrated: These travellers
are now proco.:ding to Mosambique, where it is in-
tended to send a ship to bring them back to the Cape
of Good Hope.—Captain Donovan, who command-
ed this expedition, is the son of a gentleman of
Considerable fortune in the county of Wexford.
He is ahem 25 years of age, is full six feet high, of
a robust constitution, and is an excellent draftsman.
A Lady of distinaion is, we understand threat-
ened with a prosecution, on a charge of poisonieg a
witness, to prevent him from giving evidence in a
case:: in which she felt an interest.
