FOR. THE SUN.

TO THE RIGHT HON. THOMAS WALLACE.
Vice-President of the Board of Trade, &c. &c. &c.
Six—l had the. honour of respectfully ad-
drissipg you on the 6th of Ott. last. •
Tj object of that. communication, amongst other
things, was to demonstrate -the impolicy or your
New Bills, in so 'far as they went to repeal those
salutary laws., established for the protection of
our industry, &c. &c. for which we are indebt-'
ed to the wisdom of our forefathers..
The great object of those protective laws was,
or at least their practical result to a certain ex-
tent has been, to insure the prosperity of the
British Empire, by protecting the industry of its
people from injurious foreign competition,a
policy very different from that of modern States.-
men, whose ignorance of the practical effects of
their own measures, and whose rage for specious
theoretical innovations, have induced them to re-
verse the judicious system of our ancestors, and
practically to protect the industry and commerce
of foreign nations from the competition of Great
Prifain !

To our ancient pretecting system, Sir, and to
the principles on which it is founded, we are
indebted for regulations which have set limits to
the powers of our Rulers, and which, once gave
protection to our industry; and to them we owe,
in spite of natural impediments, our present and
past superiority over our neighbours, in good go-
vernment, in manufactures, in commerce; in the
extent and value of our shipping, our Colonies,
our revenues, and in all the advantages for
-which England has been so pre-eminently dis-
tinguished.
That it is to are-se causes,' and not to any su-
periority which England or her people (without
such laws) possess from nature over other na-
tions, that- we ought to attribute our past pro-
sperity; and that it is by the continued influence
of the same causes only that our prosperity can
be secured and perpetuated, I have already en-
deavoured to demonstrate, and I am always ready
to establish, by principles, and by facts, which
cannot be controverted.
My sole object, however, being the public good,
the immediate purpose I had in view in addressing
you, Sir, was, at the hazard of exposing my own
ignorance and errors (if my views shall be found
to be fallacious, and my propositions erroneous),
to invite you to a discussion of the merits and
demerits of our East India Charter, of our Ame-
rican Treaties, of our Corn Laws, and of our ge-
neral imperfect and unproteeting system ; and I
therefore offered to prove to you, that by the
theoretical and delusive measures into which we
have been betrayed, the. British Empire has
been deprived of an annual gain of more than
forty millions of pounds sterling during the last
five years!
Yet, notwithstanding the vast importance of
the topics which my communication embraced,
strange to say, neither answer, nor acknowledge-
ment of.its receipt, has been vouchsafed ?
But, Sir, as I conceive the duty which every
Englishman owes his country to be paramount
to all other considerations,—as I am certain that
the knowledge of the discoveries I have made,
would, if properly applied, be of the utmost be-
nefit to the public interests ; and as I have not the
honour to be a Member of the Legislature, autho-
rized to advocate, and to do justice to my coun-
, try's cause in Parliament (nor do I wish to be-
come a member of that honourable body if I can
accomplish this great national object without that
distiiictiOn), I willingly waive all personal feel-
ings respecting the contemptuous treatment which
my suggestions have received at your hands, and
with a view to the fair discussion of my discoveries
and proposed measures, so as to bring them be-
fore the public, in order that their merits or, de-
merits may be thoroughly investigated, well un-
derstood, and approved or condemned by and
during the period of the next SessiOn of Parlia,
ment (for the duty I owe my country calls on me
to publish this letter if it be not attended to), I
offer, though the proposition is perhaps unusual,
.but my object is at once to prove my sincerity,
and the strong conviction with which I am hil-
-1 pressed, and at the same time to fix the attention
of others by some extraordinary proceeding, I
offer to enter into a bond to forfeit the sum
of 1001., to you, your colleagues, or any lead-
er or leaders of your new theory of Com-
merce and Finance, if I do not substantially
prove that the consequences of our East India
Charter, independent of those arrangements by
which the Company itself is benefited, are to pro-
tect foreign commerce from British competition,
or, in other words, that a portion of the commerce
of Great Britain is thus practically sacrificed for
. the promotion of the commerce of Foreign States ;
and that, as regards our American treaties, our
Corn Laws, our manufacturing from Foreign, in
lieu of British India and Colonial cotton, and as
regards the actual want of due and 4dequate
tection to our agricultural,colonial, and shipping.
interests, according to their value to the State
respectively Sincluding the late alteration in the
Timber duties and our inefficient protecting sys-
tem generally), that the consequences of the
whole combined, cause to the British Empire a
loss (including the loss or attainable gain) of
more than forty millions pounds sterling per an-
num, and effect the deprivation of the profitable
employment of more than one million of our peo-
ple, and of three 'hundred thousand tons of our
shipping.
I make this proposition, which you will admit
is at least an evidence of my sincerity, with no
. other reservation than that you, or your col-
leagues, &c. enter into a similar bond of forfei-
ture to me, if I do not prove my position; and that
you admit, as a basis, oY data of calculation,—
That the profitable employment of its people constitutes the
• wealth and prosperity of the British Empire ; and,
That we have within that Empire one million and more peo-
ple, either totallyor partially destitute of profitable employment.
The multitude of our paupers, and the price of
subsistence, as compared with the low price of
labour, and the 'cost of production, as compared
with the low prices of our markets, unanswerably
and irresistibly,. prove the truth of • the latter
proposition.
As for the former, it. may justly be termed
felf.evident i and will' receive, I am sure; your

readynssent, and that of every 'man who has at
all observed and reflected on the actual or the
theoretical circumstances of society.
It would be desirable also to have, admitted,
for the -sake of simplicity and brevity,
That our Agriculture when protected (including mines and
fis..erics) is the root bl, and propelling power to, all our other
branches of industry.
That our carports are no more than the payments of
our Foreign and Colonial articles of consumption, including
those articles which we use, wear, circulate, and accu-
mulate or deposit within the British Empire for future con-
sumption ; and that while we have an excess of population
(by which mean a portion of our population.altogether, or par-
tially; unprofitably employed or unemployed), we cannot im-
port and consume an article of foreign produce, the like of which
article we can ours:Ayes produce, without positively depriving
of profitable employment a' number of our people adequate to
the production of such article within the British Empire, and
absolutely abandoning or consigning them to poverty or erinic,
and which causes a loss to the Empire of about SOL per man
per annum.
That we can only increase our consumption, or enlarge the
markets for our products, by increasing the profitable employ-
ment of our people.
Should, however, you, Sir, or your Colleagues,
refuse to admit the truth of all or any part of this
latter set of propositions,the admission of the for-
mer Will afford a sufficient basis for the investi-
gation, and will, with some additional trouble,
enable the accuracy of the whole to, be triumph-
antly -established.
• From similar motives and views, from a similar
basis of calculation, and on similar conditions,
offer to exchange with the same gentlemen as
afore-said,- penal bonds for the following sums,
viz. - - •

FIRST. One hundred pounds, that I will prove that the Agri-
culture of the. British Empire, including its mines and fisheries,
When protected, is not only, the root of, but the propellini, power
to, all our beneficial industry. And,having establisheetms, it
follows that when the root is in a state of decay, the branches
can no longer enjoy prosperity than while the disease is passing
from the root to the branches, • from previous successful Agri-
culture, or temporary exeitions, arising from ignorant spear-
SECONDLY. One hundred pounds, that I possess a knowledge
of a system of Commerce and Finance, that will, when com-
bined in practice, bring the mighty resources of the British
Empire into action, so as to give profitable employment. to all
our industrious people, to all our capital, and to all our present,
or to an increasing shipping, and increase ultimately the reve-
nue.of the State, (including tithes and poor-rates, if required)
to an amount equal to 120 millions sterling per annum, without
injury to a single useful class of Society.
THIP.M.Y. One hundred pounds, that I will prove that, if
a proper system of Commerce and Finance had been adopted at
the conclusion of the last war, when 1 first hinted it to Minis-
ters,. nearly the whole of our present supply of hemp, flax,
cotton, tobacco, and rice, would have been now beneficially
produced in British India, New South Wales, and our other
Colonies, which would have caused a greater demand for, and
sale and consumption of, British Manufactures, than we now
possess in all the foreign markets ; at the same time it would
have employed all our industrious peOple, shipping, and capital,
standing in need of profitable employment, and would of course
have had a direct and powerful tendency to banish beggary,
pauperism, riots, disaffection, and crime, from the shores of our
Empire, and have speedily doubled our Revenue, &c.
FOURTHLY. One hundred pounds, that 1 establish that the
comparative prices and qualities of products, are not questions
for the consideration of Statesmen, but belong solely to traf—
fickers, consumers, &c., and that their real and comparative
value to the State forms, with respect to products, the only kgi-
tirnate object of the Statesman's consideration, or of legislation.
FIFTIILy. Though rriy mind is not yet finally made up on
this last point, yet I think I can venture the hazard of its esta-
blishment, that the cost of our products in this country has no-
thing to do with the contraction or extension of their export, or
with the increase or diminution of their price and sale.in foreign
markets. .
I advance this proposition from the considera-
tion that we can only expOrt the payments of our
consumption of foreign and colonial products, in-
cluded in which are articles in use and circula-
tion, aml the necessary or actual stock' in land;
nor does the merchant calculate on the prots
arising from exports singly, but' from exports and
imports combined, as is proved by our present
trade with India. For,
Though at present we can sell our products in
India at from 20 to 30 per cent. profit on the ex-
pences out, yet still, in consequence of our im-
provident and unproductive laws surrendering
our home markets for India produce to the entry
and-injurious competition of foreigners, without
protecting duties, that trade, so rich and valu-
able in itself, is nearly as depressed, paralized,
and unprofitable as if India did not afford a mar-
ket for the sale of a single article of our manu-
factures; and the British subjects concerned in
that trade are equally ruined or ruining, while
the foreigner is carrying off the rich fruits of our
legislative ignorance an.d folly !
This fact demonstrates that all the fine things
which we hear of foreigners competing with our
manufactures in foreign markets is mere non-
sense.

But though the increasing our own consump-
tion of foreign products would immediately have
the effect of increasing our exports, still, if their
(the foreign) products displaqe the products of
the British Empire, our aggregate industry would
be decreased in a much greater ratio than our ex-
ports to foreign countries would be increased; and,
if this be admitted, it proves that often when we
take the activity of our cotton manufactures
as a criterion of national prosperity, it is quite
the reverse; for our cotton manufacturers may be
employed in manufacturing payments for imports
of foreign products, of less real value, and at a
greater cost in our products, than the same (fo-
reign) articles could have been produced at with-
in the British Empire, and that thus they have dis-
placed at least as muCh,or rather much more, of the
products.of British industry, or from some other
portion of the British Empire. In other words,
every man so omployed in manufacturing payments
for articles of foreign produce which might be
produced from our own territory, is the means of
depriving perhaps three of his own countrymen,
in some part of the Empire, of their employment,
of keeping that part of the Empire to this extent
in a demoralizilg state, and of depriving our ma-
nufacturer of three customers, whom a wise system
of commerce and finance would have enabled ad-
vantageously to consume our manufactures, the
cotton manufacture itself, amongst the rest !!!
If after all the pains I have taken, I should
fail in bringing parties forward to discuss fairly
with me these subjects, (and discussion is all
request), I hope to be more fortunate than I
have hitherto been, in at least getting myself
called to give evidence before Committees ou
Agriculture, Trade, and Finance, in order that
I may by that means have an opportunity of re-
futing those wild theories which now govern our
Statesmen, and which are rapidly drying up the
resources of our beautiful empire.—(The reason
why I have not been called may be known to
yourself.)
I am sorry, however, to state, judging of the
future by the past, that as the fatal conse.
quences of our commercial and financial po•
licy, on the lives and fortunes of the people, dur

•
ing the last six, year's, have teen insufficient:
convince our- Statesmen of -their errors, it
is but too pt?obable that no attention will be
paid to the communications of individuals, how-
ever accurate their views and salutary their sug-
gestions, until that period, still more fatal than the
present or those that are past, shall have arrived, at
which the state of our revenue shall prove that it
continues progressively to fall off at a more rapid
rate than it has hitherto done, and which _period
cannot exceed much more than one year front

the present.
That the errors of our Statesmen principally
arise from the ignorance of the facts that a sta-
tionary revenue is a sign or proof of decaying
prosperity,—that the p'rofitable employment of our
people constitutes the wealth and prosper:it,y of
the State,—that the correct rule for ascertaining if
our people are or are not profitably employed,
is to compare our present amount of pauperism
with that of past prosperous years, and the cost
of subsistence with the price of labour, which
will shew that at present one million or more of
our people are either idle or unprofitably ern-
ployed,—that Agriculture is the root of, and pro-
pelling power to, our general industry,--,.that our
exports are mere payments of our consumption,
and, that we cannot carry commerce beyond the
amount of such consumption, nor increase that
consumption but by increasing our profitable
employment,—that that can only be done by exe-
cuting our Own work with the industry of our
own people,—that we cannot consume a foreign
article, (the like of which we can produce our-
selves), while we have any part of our popula-
tion' unemployed, or employed unprofitably,
without depriving of profitable employment that
number of our people who have produced such ar,
tide within theßritishEmpire,—tliat our imperfect
system of Commerce and Finance thus deprives
one ,million or more of our peopie of profitable
employment, and the Nation of their earnings,
amounting to forty millions of pounds sterling
per annum,—and that by a wise and correct sys-
tem of commerce and finance, the mighty re-
sourees of our own Empire can be brought into
full action, so as to give profitable employment
to all our people, shipping, and capital, and to,
increase our revenue in the same ratio.
In ignorance of these facts, Statesmen have hi-
therto treated the communications and sugges-
tions of experienced practical men with contempt:;
and, I fear, they are likely to continue to do so,
notwithstanding the cries and sufferings of a
sinking public, until they shall, at length, be
awakened, as by an explosion of thunder, from
their fatal reverie, by the approaching, though to
them unexpected, proof that their measures have
caused the revenue to fall off beyond redemption.
Sir, this is an alarming, but it is an inevitable, re-
sult ! The prediction is not less true dm it
is frightful ; the crisis is at hand, or rather it has
already passed ; and we are fast sinking under
the last fatal symptoms of our mortal malady !
The cry of distress first arose from our neglect-
ing to protect our agricultural, colonial, and ship-
ping interest, and thence it has been prolonged in
lengthened anguish and protracted woe from one
extremity of the empire to the other. The adverse
cloud which has arisen from our mistaken policy
has extended itself over every part of our domi-
nions, and sheds its malign influence,without dis-
tinction, upon them all. It has traversed the
Great South Sea and the Atlantic Ocean, and
overshadows us with the same gloom in the East
and in the West, in the extremities of our do-
minion, and in the heart and centre of our power.
The ruin which commenced at home has already.
overtaken us in our most distant possessions; and
yet you are not aroused to a sense of your danger,
and of the abyss on the brink of which you have
placed the destinies of a hundred and fifty mil-
lions of people !
Sir, if you will afford me an opportunity of
proving the accuracy of my premises, I would
fain hope, even yet, that you may be awakened
from your apathy, that you may still be induced
to steer the vessel of the State from the hurricane
which is at hand, and to change her course from
that which is carrying her to destruction. Your
present measures, be, assured, will lead .to ship-
wreck; while those which I recommend will in-
sure your safety in the fairest weather, and with
the most prosperous gales.
I undertake to solve all difficulties, and to re-
fute all objections, arising from my propositions.
If you reject them, you will no doubt feel the
propriety of doing so on the same satisfactory
grounds as I have advanced mine.
It, in the presumption of mistaken views, you
refuse to examine, or examining, fail to destroy,
the truth of my system, and afterwards persevere
with your own, What must the world think of one
who accepts office, and on whom, in a great mea-
sure, depends the future destinies of his country,
if, while acting under erroneous views, he persists
in repressing with contempt the public-spirited
endeavours of practical and patriotic English-
men to advise and instruct him, or spurn from
him the matured fruits of practical knowledge
and extensive research ? You ought to know that
in your public capacity a man is liable to be im-
pugned at the bar of public opinion for ignorance
as for high treason, and that the consequences of
the one may prove to be not less fatal to the Em-
pire than those of the other.
If there be no other fault, I am sure, Sir, you
will excuse thelionest boldness and frank avowal
of my sentiments, and which I conceive my coun-
try demands from me. If Ministers reject the
suggestions of individuals, they would do well to
consider that wise men often adopt 'that which
ignorant and supercilious men have despised.
Our present measures have reduced us to the
most deplorable condition, a condition in which
it would be better that we should be killed out-
right at once, than continue to languish amid in-
terminable sufferings; 'particularly so in the face
of the fact that our beautiful Colonies are ready to
give profitable employment to 200 millions of
additional people, and invite us to their cultiva-
tion, which is only retarded by the unprotecting
laws of our Legislature.
I calculate that that part of the East India Char-
ter, which protects Foreign Industry from British
competition, .(without doing the Company any
- pod) is a loss to the British Empire of about 10
millions sterling per annum. Please to calcu-

late the benefit tlerlved to the Sta!'e from a sltigle
peasant for a year at 14s. per week, and it ~t ill
set you to rights it all your erroneous calcula-
tions.

How is it possible for any Statesman of com-
mon sense to consider his measures as correct, while
we have so many people and ships unemployed,
and we stand in need of 200 millions of addi-
tional inhabitants, and 300 thousand tons of ship-
ping, to do our Empire justice. ludeed, I con-
ceive that not a fortune or life is lost, or a crime
committed, through our people being deprived by
our laws of profitable employment, but that those
who made such laws _are the real criminals in
the eyes of GOD.
I understand that application is made, and great
interest using with Government, to open the trade
of our West Indies to foreigners ; I therefore beg
leave to say that it would be better for Eng-
land to relinquish her sovereignty of the West
Indies, than to permit foreigners to trade with
them free of protecting duties, as we should
then be 'obliged to pay for their protection
for the benefit of foreigners ; another reason-
for so doing is, that the system of slavery, which
we perpetuate there, is not only disgraceful to
us as a nation of free people, and iu direct opposi-
tion to the spirit of our Constitution, but deprives
of profitable employment the same number of
free people as would produce the like, article at a
cheaper rate in other portions of the. British
Empire. Therefore, in lieu of the West India
interest being protected from East Indian compe-
tition, the latter should be protected from the
former. Yet, when every property of the British
Empire is protected against foreign competition,
according to its respective value to the State, I
shall be able to point out a market for all our
surplus West India produce ; still the West.ln-
dia interest ought not to he favoured, in our
markets, above the East India interest. by pro-
tecting duties.
The opening our West India ports to foreigners,
although it would do no more for that interest
than change their customem, without increasing
their sales in the aggregate, still it would de-

. •
prive about 40,000 tons of British shipping,
4000 seamen, from 20 to 40,000 corn cultivators,
wood cutters, manufacturers, &c. &c. of profit-
able employment; and the Empire of direct and
indirect revenue, wealth and power to the amount
of from 11 to 2,000,0001. sterling, and increase
the charge in the poor's rates half a million per
annum.

While our present measures exist, we are,
by our connection with the West Indies,
losing on every hundred weight of sugar we
consume, 10s., without receiving a single equi-
valent in return, beyond what our other colonies,
or foreign countries, would give us.
One negative advantage only may be derived
from opening the West India ports to foreigners,
namely, that it may tend to shake off their alle-
giance to this country some few years sooner than
they otherwise would, and thereby release us
from the burthen of supporting and defending
them.

I also beg leave to observe, that ii you do me

the honour to attend a. public meeting of the se.
veral- British Interests, at the City of Londot
Tavern, on the assembling of Parliament, I will
endeavour to convince you that our nationa
distressei are not the consequences of war, nor o

the extravagance of Ministers, nor of the amount
of taxation, nor of.a depreciated currency, but of
the mode of taxation, and a national ignoraNce
of the mighty resources of the British Empire,
and of that system of commerce and finance com-
bined, necessary to bring those mighty resources
into action, (the former founded on principles of
reciprocity, and. the latter on self-creating and
self-supporting principles), so as to give all our
people profitable employment, and increase our
revenue in the same ratio, without injury to any
useful class of British society ; and that the loss
to British Empirtl, through manufacturing
from foreign, in lieu of British, Colonial, and Bri-

tish India cotton, is equal. to about 20,000,000
sterling per annum, forming a part of which is
losing the employment of about 300,000 tons
of British shipping, with seamen in proportion.
That our machinery deprives about 100,000 of
our people of profitable employment, and in-
creases our paupers in the same ratio, and of
course increases the burdens of the Landed Inte-
rest about two millions per annum ; cousequently
such machinery should pay a tax equal to about
the amount of the poor's rates which it creates.
No man has a higher opinion of your private
virtues., nor of• your well-meant patriotism, than
myself ; my only regret is that I cannot think
equally high of the effects of your former and fu-
ture intended public measures.
Your very obedient. Servant,
JOSEPH PINSE NT.
22, Birchin-lane, Dec. 20, 1821. • -

EARTHQUAKE.—The shod.; of an earthquake
was felt at 56 minutes past two o'clock r. NI. on
the 17th ult. in Moldavia. It lasted several
seconds, and was particularly violent at Jassy.
At a quarter past three o'clock three other
strong shocks were experienced in that city..
They succeeded each other at short intervals.
Several houses and churches were damaged and a
great number of chitnnies and cellars gave way.--2
--(French Paper.)

QUEENSBURY LEASES.—The actions of 'reduc-
tion of the leases on the Queensberry estate, in
which decrees have_ lately. been pronounced, con-
tained, besides the conclusions of reduction,
conclusions against the tenants for violent .pro-
fits. The question was tried on Friday, before
Lord Cringletie—Whether the tenants- were
liable to the Duke in such violent profits, or
bye-gone rents ? and if so, from what period
the same behoved to be calculated ? The case
was very ably argued by Mr. Jeffrey, for the
Duke of Buccleugh ; and by Mr. Moncrieff, on
the part of the tenants.—His Lordship gave it
as his decided opinion, that the tenants on the
Queensberry estate were not liable in violent
profits or damages, prior to July, 1819, being
the date of the decision of the House of Lords,
In virtue of which these leases had been reduced ;
but he held them liable subsequent to that de-
, cision.---(Pumfries Courier.)

CORONER::,' INQ-U,E3T":I,

YoSterilay an Inquest wasJield in the .12.63ifri of
.Mary-la-bonne workhouse, en thebotly of a w-rnan, ng d Stay.
It appeared the deceased was the sist.4r.of,a respictable
Than and was formerly in affluent eire-uniStaticts ; -huvtlaing
the fatter part of her life she was reduced, . the
necessity of living in very obscure apartments in the neighbour-
hood of Dates street, Miry-la-bonne.. 'ln her youth it gppear.-
ed, she had formed an unfortunate attachment t 9 s youpg,gen-
tleman, who, after every necessary:preparation 'hz-4-heen that..
for the marriage nuptials, forsook. her in _4n ,abrupt =sa-
ner. This seemed to have a tensible effect-UPon her -mind,
and led her into a habit of drinking.• she.hail txerareglymtly
seen about the streets very much intexibted. On Wednetday
night she was observed in this situation, lying on tbe:paTement
of the street with scarcely any clothes on her p:!-:son, and drip-
ping wet,. having been in the rain for a considetablelline..
shortly afterwards expired.—The examiningthc
body of the deceased, had• no. doubt hit lie!' de'ith was. occa-
sioned by immoderate drinking of spirituous ii,quors.—ahe
Jury, after a short deliberation, returned a verdict, " That the
deceased died_ through excessive drink4ig add the inelem4l,/
of the weather."

Last night an Inquisition was held at the Craven Head. Tai-
vern, Drury-lane, before TITOMAS Lsq.. Coroner for
Westminster, on the body of Thomas. Hawkins,,-'teed 45 year 3,
who was found dead at that house on Wedriesdapight last.
,It
appeared that. the deceased was, on "Weihisda• ast, drinkidg
nearly the whole of the day, and ;was very. trioc.rintoxicated in
the evening. About stx:o'clOck a person named-Wilding went
into the water-closet, amt stumbled over thedeceased,-Wio'lay
on the floor ; he appeared to be suffocated by liquor, which run
out of his mouth ; hawas:in a lifeless ,fate. He had been pO-
- in a good state of health. Verdict ," Died by
ex s-
sive drihku!g." ' • '

An Inquisition was held yesterday before &ELL, F,sry.,
Coroner, at' the• Red -LiOn,Chandler-street, St. George's;" Fl?!::k.
ver-square, :on the bod.y,of a married whin-A a, who result
Jarnes's-street. ft appeared that on I'Vc,,lneday evening the
ceased wasfoUnd at the bottom of a fii,glit .orsteps: ;Atli Irechaad
downwards. She appeared to have fallen headlong down s!airs
-her head was bent under her bcisinii.: A .stirgeiin ,
who discovered
,a severe rnjury.on , back of the licad.of
deceased, and he -as of opinion that the fall had bJ:ri the chiLf
cause of her death. The deceased - was a r.;speitahle woman,
but unfortunately gave way to a prOp2.iisity'Slie had for drinking
ardent spirits. She had: drank. excessivelyl,, before she . rngt
with the fatal accident. Verdict—" Accidental ileathby a fall
when in a state of intoxication."

An Inquisition was taken, on Tuesday last,
.before Mr.
UN Iv N, -the Coroner, at the .• Five Bells, Three Colt-street,
Limehonse, on view of the body of Peter Mangle.--:It appeared
that the deceased' was a ballast-heaver, and that about five
weeks. ago he had fallen out of
,a _ballast-lighter at. Blackwall-
reach, and was drowned. He was dragged for various times
then and since, hut all efforts to find the body proved 'fruittets
until Sunday morning last, when it was found at Dirk_.e's,slioV.,
Limehouse, adistance of fotir miles from where he was drowned.
The body was in so putrid a state, _that he was idemifieti
from his apparel. Verdiet—" Accidental Death."

ExTaaottniNA RY Rpueuay.-,Thursday night
a large party of young fa:k.; assern)led at thi
house of Mr. Gaznoay, a builder, residing in
Hertford-street, Fitzroy-square, to supper, after
which they passed the night in dancing,.singing,
card-playing, and other amusements ; t eleven
o'clock, a young man knocked at the dotrOvhich
was opened by'a servant ; he said he brought a
cloak for his young mistress, as the night was
cold. He was desired to sit down on a bench
in the hall, ane• the servant left there, and
went up stairs ; shortly afterwards a second emit
arrived with a hackney coach, wile said he, was
ordered to take his master and mistress
The servant, who was not acquainted with the
names of half the company, crediting what
was told her, went up stairs again, and suf-
fered the two strangers to stand at the stair-
head to listen to the music and singing, with
which they appeared highly delighted. Airs.
GREGORY, being informed by her servant tin
there were two young men below stairs waiting
for some of the company, ordered her to give
them their supper and plenty to drink, which
was done accordingly. Thb villains then took
'the opportunity of completing_ their design. Thty
stole four silver table spoons, a silver sauce
boat, knives and forks, eight top coats, 'sever!!
cloaks, shawls, pelisses, and hats, besides a nun
ber of umbrellas, muffs,' tippets, and other ai-
tides, all of «hich they carried off in the coach
which was in waiting, and the watchman shut the
coach door and wished them a good nighchaving
no suspicion of the robbery. The robbery was
not 'discovered until the company were breaking
up, when not a hat, coat, cloak, umbrella 7
could be found. The two strange servants were
missing ; and, too • late, it- was discovered that
they did not belong to any of the company.

Price.
37140 d to 41s Ort
—s Od to —s Oft

COAL-MARKET, DEC. 23:
Ships at Market. - Ships sold
44 Newcastle - - 10,1
91 Sunderland

COURSE OF EXCHANGE, Dece.tmer 28.

Amsterdam
Ditto, at. Sight l2 8
Rotterdam l2 12
Antwerp l2 7
Hanthurgit 37 6 2# Us
Altona
Paris, 3 Day's sight 24 60 0 Us.

, .
Ditto - 25 90 2 Us.
Llotiudeaux, ditto
_. _..

Fvankfort oti the Pain

Cadiz

ttli:ceirr
.3t; Effect lye

• :36+ Effective
lboa
Barcelona
Seville
Gibraltar
Leghorn • '
Gel ua . ..... Liv. 27 00
Nlalla tib -Naples 4O
Palermo
Lisbon
j..)porto
Rio.)stneiro
Dublin ....

9 pe 00.
