s -
--..-- - _
The driver of Chancellor's Chelsea omnibus, No. 1963, Mr. LAING—Then I shall send for your wife, and intro-
attended to answer the complaint of a gentleman named duce that young lady to her.
Kingdon, for giving him a box on the ear, as he was getting Prisoner (sighing)—There is no necessity for that your
out of the omnibus in Ludgate-street, on Thursday last. Worship ; she knows all about it. My son has told her
The complainant said he was getting out of the vehicle the predicament lam in.
sideways with his back to the conductor, when the latter A gentlemanly-looking young man here stood forward,
gave him a blow on the ear which knocked his hat off. and said that he was Mr. Mullard's son.
After some discussion about the facts, Mr. Kingdon, in Mr. LAING—WeII, what have you to say on behalf
consideration of the defendant's family and low wages, and of your father? Son—That lam ashamed of his conduct.
long service, consented that he should be let off with paying Mr. LAING—I should think so too. Do you know the
only the costs and apologizing, which terms the conductor female ? The son said he did ; adding, that his father had
thankfully accepted. met with her at a party the night previous, and when it
broke up he undertook to escort the young woman safe home.
Mr. LAING—And the constable, you see, had to escort
them to the station-house—(Laughter.) (To the female.)
Have you anything to say ? Female—l am very sorry.
Mr. LAING—Are you married or single ? Female
(crying)—l am unmarried.
Mr. LAING—Let me know where you live, and how you
support yourself ? Female—l occupy apartments at Battle
bridge, and am a dress-maker.
Mr. LAING—You may now go about your business.
And as for you (male prisoner), I shall leave the settling of
the matter, as regards yourself, to your wife. I also dis-
charge you. The defendants left the office greatly abashed.

BOIT-STREET.
Three men, named Mitcham, Evans, and Jones, who
were charged on a former day with stealing money, to the
amount of about 201., from the house of Mr. Tessier, the
landlord of the Craven Head public-house, Drury-lane,
were brought up for re-examination.
Mr. Payne, the barrister, now appeared for Mitcham and
Jones ; while a clerk to Mr. Tomlins, of Hatton-garden,
appeared for Evans.
Mr. MINSHULL thought there was no evidence against
Evans or Jones, and ordered them to be discharged.
. Mr. Tessier, however, stating that he had reason to be-
lieve that on a future day he could produce some further
evidence against Mitcham, he was remanded until Wed-
nesday.

THAMES- OFFICE.
Elizabeth Forward, a respectable woman, the wife of a
baker and confectioner, in High-street, Shadwell, was
charged with stabbing William Webb, a carman. From
the complainant's statement it appeared that, on the 26t1'
ult., he was passing prisoner's shop, when, seeing her stand-
ing beside a basket of oysters, he put his hand on het:,
shoulder, and said, " How do you sell your oysters ?
When he walked a few yards he felt some one stab him on
the back, and on turning round found it was the prisoner.
It was done with an oyster-knife. He was taken into her
shop, when she said, in answer to a question from com-
plainant why she had done it ? it was because he had taken
indecent liberties with her. He denied this, when she said,
" Then somebody else did so." He was taken to the hos-
pital, where he had been ever since. The prisoner said she
had stabbed complainant in the heat of the moment, be
having taken an improper liberty, with her. The complain'
ant's statement was confirmed byltwO Other poisons.
The solicitor for the prisoner said 11. e .had two viitnesses
to prove that Webb had behaved indecently towards her.
The Magistrate said that would be a matter of defence,
into which he had no business to enter.
Bail was then tendered for the prisoner to any amount,
the solicitor contendinc, that it was a doubtful case.
Mr. BRODERIP said, the fact.of the prisoner stabbing the
man was clearly proved. He refused to accept of bail, and
committed the prisoner for trial on the capital charge. She
was much affected, and went into strong hysterical fits.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

ARRIVED AT LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 3.
The Spencer, Wilson, from Berbice; Favourite, Horan'
Ball de Banderes; Indian, Borthwick, Pernambuco; TallY
Ho, Nicholson, Virginia; Abercrombie, Ford, Quebec ; Bra-
zilian, Trieste.
ENTERED FOR LOADING, SEPT. 3.
The Clemente, Thell, for Antwerp; Liverpool, ROW'
Bahia; Combatant, M'Kenzie, Halifax; Crusader, Smith,
Honduras; Splendid, Proal, New York; Emerald, Prindle,
New York ; Donna Maria, Steel, Oporto; Indian, Fox, St.
John's, New Brunswick.
CLEARED OUTWARDS, SEPT. 3.
The Angelina, Boke, for Rotterdam ; Southampton, Briggs'
Lima; Regular, Bond, Madeira; Fame, Bond, Genoa;
Elizabeth, Dick, Africa; Cambyses, Hutchinson, Rio Janeiro;
Betsy, Lisbon ; Lady Campbell, Johnson, Demerara ; Vros'
Henrietta, Rotterdam Wilhelmina, Boke, Brake ; Indian,
Fox, St. John's, New Brunswick ' • Calcutta, Raisbeck, Dal-
housie; Asia, White, Quebec ; Royal William, Calcutta;
Matilda, Marseilles; Matilda, Wandle, Marseilles; Selina,
Luckie, Calcutta; Asia, Hannah, Dalhousie ; Argo, Elsineur;
Catherine Derothea, Brake.

SAILED.
The Oriental, Scales, for Calcutta ; Alexander Savin, Ohrt,
St. Petersburgh ; Jane, James, Miramichi ; Loyal Briton,
Ram, Riclaebucto ; St. Patrick, Bruen, St. John's, New
Brunswick ; Sir H. Parnell, St. Petersburgla Niagara,
Howes, Boston; Redbreast, Millard, Constantinople; Frank'
Harrison, Jamaica ; Cyrus Buller, Martin, Charleston ; Ariel,
Dye, Smyrna; St. Lawrence, Chace, Philadelphia; Lessiug.
Newman, Stettin ; England, Write, New York ; Tropic,
Rickett, New York ; Ann Gale, Pictou ; Myrtle, Couch,
Alicant ; Nightingale, Crookshank, Bahia; Russell Baldwin'
Magna, New York ; Louisa, Trueman, New York ; Emulous;
Mumford, New Yord.

Notwithstanding the outcries made in Demerara la'
specting the conduct of the apprenticed labourers, it 10w
appear, from the following statement published in the joy
Gazette of that colony, that the new system has not 'Qv:l"h,,
so badly as some interested persons there would fain make t
world believe. The following is the respective quantities °,
sugar produced in British Guiana in the years 1833, WO'
and 1835 :

In 1833
1834
1835
for
Showing an increase in 1835, the second year of the &pp—
ticeship, over 1833, the last year of slavery, of 8,479,47.311)%e
A SHOCK FOR MISS MARTINEAII.-00 iej
29th of August the wife of a journeyman carpenter, Otter
Jame?, Penfold, residing at No. 5, Leicester-place, 1-4°74
Tooting, Surrey, gave birth to two fine girls. These_ britbe
the number of her children to 17, which she has borne 11,vbe
short space of 11 years,—having had nine at four births-

mother is 29 years of age. a
MOZART.—A subscription has just been openc . a
Salzburg, the native place of this illustrious composer, to 1141590
a monument to his memory. His widow is still living. 0
first funds have been raised by a concert, at which nutner°o
admirers of the genius of Mozart assisted. The result o_,t
most gratifying. No doubt the example will be follow"'
throughout Europe.
,1„,! a
PLAGIARISIII.—A modern dramatist pro,--e
of
piece with some success, the plot, incidents, and even sow
ge_A
the dialogue of which were taken from an unsuccessful
early drama by Mr. R The latter, considerabli so„
noyed at the unacknowledged plagiarism, complained :130
mutual friend, who defended the borrower, saying, ge
taken your old drama, it is true, but then, my dear sir,lvi
how he has improved it." " Yes, but d_n it, sir," reele
R., " If a fellow steals my old boots its no answer toed..
charge of felony that he afterwards got them soled and bee's
—New Monthly Magazine.

PLATE FOR HIRE.—A' LARGE ASSOIIOI
AIENT OF PLATE is kept exclusively for LENDING;
portion of which may be had for the use of Parties, Diaperso,rkiiig
at a very moderate charge, from T. COX SAVORY'S, w_ndoe•
Goldsmith, Silversmith, and Watchmaker, 47, Cornhill,
N.B. A pamphlet maybe had gratis, containing a List of the ri
of Plate. Plated Goods, Watches, Clocks, &c.

VESSELS ENTERED INWARDS AT THE CUS"
TOM-HOUSE, SEPT. 3.
The Queen Adelaide, Fox, from Havre ; Columbine,
Strannack, Hamburgh; Fame, Aslett, Guernsey; Susanna'
Muscatt, Cette; IIP Hayes, Crawford, Riga; Mary, Manger,
Jersey; Laurel, Ives, Cadiz ; Coquette, Hinds, St. Lucie'
Eurios, Byers, Montreal; Louisa, M'Cutcheon, Batavia;
Hope, Sughure, St. Kitts.
ENTERED OUTWARDS, SEPT. 3.
The Genoa Packet, Miller, for Berbice; Kingston, Hor-
ton, Barbadoes; Amy, Christie, Lisbon; Cater, Morels,
Dunkirk; African Packet, Young, Valparaiso; Kent, Tune,
Boulogne • William Jolliffe, Middleton, Calais; Ramona,
Bridge, Rotterdam; Helen Mar, Hammond, Montreal.
CLEARED OUTWARDS WITH CARGO, SEPT. s'
The Batavier, Dunlop, for Rotterdam; Cater, Merrell'
Dunkirk; William Jolliffe, Middleton, Calais; Heroes, Fail-
lant, Calais; Lord Hawkesbury, Overton, Ostend; Whar"
finger, Cousens, gotterdam; Adventure, Stevens, Lisbon;
Liberty, Paine, Boulogne ; Colombia, Clearing, Trinidad.
CLEARED OUTWARDS IN BALLAST, SEFT. 3.
The Baltic Merchant, Brown, for St. Petersburgh ;
Smith, Quebec; Venus, Carr, Constantinople; Hope, C°l.l'
sens, Harlingen ; Christiania, Wilkie, Riga.
