ATIIIIDAy

here is a
E I
ias

:4.1S:)11. I'Ve
11) , ut have u
)' authentic

1

IANa

mold take care what you say. Mr. Steele is taken
b"41„1 the Bench will maintain its dignity.
I 4.4 t.
sa•tsF9BTER—I appeal to. every gentleman present,
) "Y speech or otherwise, provoked this threat.
Thursday') Gott, I defy I stand on facts. Send me to
„obi you.
.00mse"... t't You dare ; but you will pay amply for your ju-
aor of Gl7i 4". I will hold the meeting in the open air. Lay
a re(pl,:sfai band on me—we will disperst—Mien tee have our
iament Y. I cub fir your iliCeati, While I violate no
that alest s lam far above your utmost malignity.
lespotic 4'4 GORT—Chief Constable, do your duty.
the Iv Ord
a scene of indescribable confusion arose —Mr.
so totally .J roster was instantly collared by the officer in the
ngleseaa - "Went manner, and literally dragged out of the Court,
, eitson roughly handled, and his coat torn, while the
ar the to thrust him forward. On being left in the street, the
e the atir the populace was tremendous. Never was the
ads were 4-ged majesty of the people more uni-luivocally con-
admittanceiot:lo%!
Shame and indignation appeared deeply im-
isly that 4,e4,ku on every countenance, and being market day, the
113:.'"e was immense The people became exceedingly
iet lent, when Mr. B. Foster, Who was liberated, (to
leach;
t,agitBtefl prissloPs of slick a vast multitude,)
nnell, co them From the very steps of the session house—
:onnell ee,Ar'ulef Constable on one side, the Noble Lord on the
vas maniw-hoilthe'io a speech of great coolness. Ile implored them
ipplatoe ttanquil—to obey the laws—to remain peaceable
air a plioY bmissive to the laws, and in the insult offered to
outside Ofif In Ilia person, be knew be had influence on them,
in a pow 'fieY transgressed he would certainly most assuredly
trong 1a them. The eloquent gentleman then detailed the
nd on the he was assaulted—declared his determination to
ell--an ►i to the laws for redress ; and after some other obser-
o resent it 113 Oh the Repeal of the Union—the sacred right of
)" lamations—he concluchd by
a peaceably, first giving three
Orange and the Green. Mr.
-Ginnaught Journal.

lary Supplement to the
Tbburgh, we have a long
of the insurrection at
,uses which produced it.
authentic, and is said to
as such by the Russian
artf 4).t 't as might be expected, it is full
' special pleading, and strives hard
roles ke out a damning case against the
ltrili; The origin of what the account
)u
th
a ier conspiracy" is traced as far back
1828, when some " thoughtless
resolved on the formation of a secret
Qietv
4:e w(lieh, strange to say, notwithstand-
-4(141: paternal character of the Russian
paternnil al conduct
; notwithstanding the more than
TINE ; conduct of the Grand Duke CoNsTA
th,lllo notwithstanding even the blessings of
Fitt ;t unqualified slavery heaped on Poland
the illidnundant zeal by the tender mercies of
hotw• ,Derial Autocrat ;—though, strange to say,
itnst 't• tae anuing all these accumulated benefits,
I,s 'cent s •
°clay, formed by a few 44 thought-
/ Youth -
44,00, 8, was no sooner whispered about
qn• 6 the more patriotic Poles, than it
ea(l atn
,F Wi1(1.6 -nng them with the rapidity of
41/ Itevolut.re of to the time of the French
la fool") when circumstances conspiring
theitt• its development, it burst out
fee energy that all Europe has so lately
ita,tl• 1 reverenced. We need say little in re-
" of
, the tendency of this insidious docu-
, athtioiriu63l.ollit sufficiently condemns itself in its
of the facility with which a few
atril,!thiless youths Were enabled to inoculate
ti,ll an entire country with their own revolu-
ar. _
thie notions. Would any country, except
ti •"n the 1 lit,k most cruel state of servitude, ever
9R~DIIy IN of rising at the command of a few thought-
be ti Y°llthB) or listening
ptere4' • °ll4 Of s for an instant to the sugges-
'on Ole immature authority ? The real truth
applY hy " ardent spirit of Poland was represented
&Pie 1,11 , these
Pto) et s Young men—their wrongs were
and the voice of indignant remon-
will Yo-d if!," b-e once raised by them, was soon responded
.1 6 3Or (I tile entire pi, „b
~„ble t, re nation.
th Dell' Extraordinary Supplement to the Journal de
A,
:auto' oh Petersburgh dated Jan. )
13` -03(‘Pe AN 'NT of the INS P.ll' ECTION at. WARSAW,
t refu'eti°°A: b THE U „riot CAUSES WHICH PRODUCED IT.
eorohepeol,r 'l,'ill:,...°verninent has received the following authentic
ur: bb in The int
-I ticti
ond 100, 4e dm; •on of discipline into the army, of order
wetol,s
consniistration, and the repression of licentious-
ideficY: I of/ ,flki!„,t,,,,_l‘..id,,tti:e(l by, the enemies of public tranquillity
ee lo), ;1,5. roons oi.the rights granted to the kingdom
ilieg t°, aR40,4 et.j„ , 4:reigu, and the maintenance of which
le Tighe cji "Llea to Tunctionaries chosen among the Poles,
th 1,1/1 II" foot ho no eomplain,t has up. to this day been laid at
~mcvmro9 01,0 of the thro pm_ rrom being insensible of the vr-
vlll4l _ !)sperity of the country, the result of this
aulministration, an ardent and thoughtlels youth
'll 01°

the 50

t opinion
prmciple
ebt for jo'
Er. StohOeor
Mose/ bdff
iad fort,'
nd firroory,l
onnds 0,1
rery
hour
bey,on, 0,
disecnol°,
oven op
rkee for
n on bi 9 01/
qiNt moldi
be more. tod
the s00„1
from the,d,

r ErrOcii
• might
m
(ifear,e
the rto6.4'

lions, an
wesent as;
es, DV'
ins werevce
e now 1,1
bousand
'Cheer'',)t,‘
relandf 0,1 I
PPYI, a 0
to 110.
011144 ag,'
oek b4OO
the C

suffered themselves to be misled by the false reasonings of
some egotists, whom personal interest led to desire the
overthrow of legal order, and, following only the
impulse of their passions, formed, in the year 1828,
a secret society, in violation of the prohibitions which
had been published on this subject. The Sub-Lieutenant
Peter Wysoki, of the Polish troops, was one of the first
founders, and having assembled some young men of the
school of the ensigns, particularly C. Patzkiewii z, J.
Drobiowlski, Char]. s Karanicki, A. Laski, and J. Ga-
rowski, he inflamed their inexperienced minds by sophism•
on the political situation of Europe, kindled in their hearts
illusory desires and hopes, as well as a passion for the most
fatal convulsions. This meeting took place on the 15th
of December, 1528. On the following day Wysoki in-
duced other ensigns to join his party, who were already
known for their violent characters and bad opinions, such
as C. Mockhnacki, S. Poninski, and S Ziechowski. This
handful of insensate young men, who had not the smallest
idea of the situation of their country, of its warm, or of
its interests, representing in a false light all the events
which passed in Europe, formed the plot which has just
led Poland to the brink of a precipice, and plunged its
capital as well as the provinces into all the horrors of
anarchy and the evils which follow in its train.
" United by a spirit of unbridled licentiousness, armed
with fatal principles of revolution, these inconsiderate
young men laboured to propagate their opinions, and what
excites astonishment, found accomplices among men who,
from their instruction and age, ought to have despised the
intentions of these wretched enemies of order, and whose
duty it was for the general interest to deliver them up to
justice. Wysoki persuaded Captain Paszkiewiez, of the
regiment of Polish Grenadiers of the Guard, to join this
great society, and found in the battalion of the Sappers
some officers equally thoughtless and inexperienced, whom
lie succeeled in infecting with his detestat le principles,
and whom be led to join his plots. Two officers of this
battalion, the Sub-Lieutenant L. Przadpelski, and F.
Nowsieslski, took upon them to lead their comrades and
their soldiers from the path which honour and their oaths
pointed out to them.
"The members of the secret society encouraged each
other into their assemblies, resolved to hasten the revolt
by propagating their treasonable intentions among their
fellow citizens, and had recourse to falsehood and deception,
speaking in their conferences as organs of the whole army.
Inhabitants, not less depraved and less thoughtless than
they, answered on their part to these hot-headed young
men, in the name of the whole nation ! A. Garowski,
brother of the Ensign, assured Wysoki that the whole na-
tion participated in his opinions, and Zevierkowski, De-
puty to the Diet of the kingdom, confirmed him in this
illusion. Thus deceiving each other, they indulged in
flattering but absurd hopes, and misled in the army, as
among the citizens, the credulous, the ignorant, the de-
praved, and men of a restless character. It is difficult to
conceive how some Noblemen, who assembled at the re-
sidence of Gustavus Malachowski, could fall into the snare
and give credit.
" Wysoki and Nowsilski appeared alone in the
Assembly, instead of the crowd of officers, whose
answer was announced in the convocation. Nothing,
however, was decided at this meeting, and the members
only expressed a desire to propagate the secret society.
" Irritated that some remaining reason still prevented the
Poles from making any attempt against the legitimate autho-
rities, Capt. Paszkiewicz found one of these Noblemen, who
he arbitrarily invested with the title of representative of
the public opinion, introduced him to Wysoki, and these
three made themselves judges of the destinies of Europe,
of Russia, and of Poland, suited to the latter. After long
debates they resolved to undertake nothing till he con-
vocation of the Diet of the kingdom, which they expected

- -
would be in the Tooth of April, 1829. In his ardour
for the overthrow of the order which every where pre-

vailed in Europe, Wysoki very unwillingly consented to
this decision of his two colleagues. It is vet), probable
that a great nobleman laughed in secret at the avowed pro-
jects of the fanatical Sub-Lieutenant, and that a criminal
pity alone hindered him from denouncing them to the
Government.

' Among the names of the citizens ►which were mingled
with those of the wretched founders of the Secret Society
in the School of the Ensigns, is unhappily that of a man
►who enjoyed the public esteem. But this respectable octo-
genarian Niemeewirz, accustomed to indulge in illu-
sions, ►while he attended to the expresssion of cri-
minal sentiments, did not advise any act of oppo-
sition to the legal authorities. These young en-
thusiasts took the unmerited politeness with which this
old man had received them for an assent on his side, and
reported that he was an accomplice in their projects.—
It is, however, not to blame a condenscension which he
might have dispensed ►with towards these hot-headed
young men, but we cannot believe that a well-informed
and enlightened man can have given his approbation to
plots, the object of which ►was treason, perjury, and revolt,
and its consequences murder, pillage, and disorder in the
►whole country. There ►were, indeed, among the noblemen
and officers, men ►who willingly listened to the speeches of
Cie members of the secret society, and participated in their
opinion, but a very small number of them consented to
carry their criminal plots into execution.
Tile news of the approaching coronation of his Majesty
the Emperor as King of Poland, which was to fill all the
Poles with joy, excited in the conspirators a gt.ilty ardour
for treason. Lieutenant Urbanskie of the guard, who
had joined them, became one of the most zealous
promoters of the revolt, and contributed more power-
fully than any body to the propagation of the plot. A
great number of Nobility had repaired to Warsaw, to he
be present at the sacred solemnity of the coronation, and
to enjoy the happiness of seeing a magnanimous Sovereign
fulfilling the gracious intentions of his noble predecessor.
The conspirators, on the contrary, took advantage of this
circumstance, and of the crowd which it drew together,
to spread their odious principles, and to gain accomplices
to the r treason. Constantly assuming the title of organs
and plenipotentiari,s of the army, and speaking in its
name, they visited a great number of Deputies to the
Diet, and other persons of distinction, endeavouring to
draw them into their party, sometimes by threats, some-
times by flattery and persuasion. To get rid of their im-
portunities, and perhaps from fear of exposing themselves
to the vengeance of the troops, whom the conspirators re-
' presented in a false light, the Noblemen and Deputies con-
tented themselves with answering, that the time ►was not
yet come. Only two of the Deputies, Trzscinski and
Zwierkowski, entered into the plot, and advised
that their absurd demands and illegal acts should
be supported by arms ut the next Diet. But
the triumphs of Russia in the late war against
the Turks alarmed these audacious criminals, and checked
the execution of their plots.
" The Revolution of July in France revived the guilty
hopes of the conspirators, gave them more boldness in
their conduct, and thew into their party a multitude of
restless and turbulent men and inconsiderate visionaries.
They redoubled their efforts to corrupt the greatest pos-
sible number of soldiers. The troops were then en-
camped near Warsaw, a circumstance which gave the con-
spirators snore facilities to see the officers, to sound their
opinions, and to inculcate principles of the conspiracy ;
but their hopes were deceived, and they failed in their en-
deavours to organise a secret society in the army ; all they
could do was, to gain souse thoughtless young officers and
the students of the University of Warsaw, as well as a
small number of inhabitants, all of them idle and unknown
people. The conspirators divided among themselves the
troops and the city ; from that time each of them acting
in the circle assigned him, endeavoured to look out for
men capable of forgetting their duties, and ready to indulge
in every excess to satisfy their passions and their criminal
desires.

" The report of an approaching rebellion was spread at
Warsaw about the middle and end of last September.
The conspirators distributed invitations to revolt, menaces,
and anonymous letters.
" These disorders having attracted the attention of the
Government, several of the most audacious conspirators
were arrested, but those against whom there were only
suspicions were not prosecuted. This clemency was cal-
culated to demonstrate ihe falsehood of the complaints of
the discontented ; but every sentiment of honour was
stifled in their hardened hearts, and they remained insen-
sible to all benefit.. The fear of being discovered, the
hope of rising from their obscurity, of enriching them-
selves by pillage, the thirst of vengeance, and other de-
sires equally criminal, determined the conspirators to
hasten the moment of the revolt which they prepared ;
having at their head no chief known for his talents or his
public services, they did not flatter themselves with induc-
ing the people to follow them. In this embarrassment they
applied to Joaquim Lellewell, formerly a professor of history
in the University of Vilna, and since Member of the Diet,
a man well known by his works and his historical re-
searches. lle is the only one of the conspirators who
enjoyed some reputation before this odious plot. It was
the name of Lelewell which led into guilt the inexperi-
enced youth of the University of Warsaw. Accompanied
by Poronikowski, and some of his accomplices, Wysoki
waited upon Lelewell at a public library : they addressed
him in a sarcastic speech, full of flattery, and induced
this fanatic to join them. From that moment Lelewell
became the soul of the conspiracy, and fixed Sunday, the
28th of November, for the day of the revolt.
" The conspirators took the name of representatives of
•lie nation and the army. After several meetings they
•esolved that the rebellion should break out ou the .19tli

of November, and traced the plan of it as followst—
They were first to seize the person of the General Duke
Gesarewitsch ; 2d, to oblige the Russian cavalry to lay
down their arms; 3d, to seize the arms and deliver them
to the populace ; 4th, to disarm the Russian Regiments
of the Guard of Lithuanian Volhynia. The object
of all these criminal acts was to overthrow the
paternal system of Government, given to Poland
by the Emperor Alexander, and confirmed by the
Emperor Nicholas, in order to establish another
Government, the fruit of chimerical illusions, and of
which the conspirators themselves were to fill the principal
offices. The means of executing this frightful plot were
perfectly conformable to the odious object, and the perver-
sity of the conspirators. Conflagration was the, com-
mencement of an act which was to end in murder and
pillage. The signal of revolt was given on the 29th of
November, at six o'clock in the evening, by setting fire
to a brewhouse not far from the barracks of the Russian
cavalry. At the same instant detachments of Polish
troops, seduced by the conspirators, left their barracks to
proceed to the points previously assigned them, while a
horde of the most determined villains hastened to the
Palace of Belvidere, where his Imperial Highness the
Grand Duke then was.

" At the moment when these villains went to the Belvi-
dere, Wysoki, accompanied by Lieut. Schlegel and Lieut.
Joseph Dobewolski, entered the school of the Ensigns. All
the pupils were then assembled in the hall, taking a lesson
in tactics. Wysoki entering like a madman, abjured these
young men to hasten to the succour of their countrymen,
whom the Russians were niass3creinz without pity.
Another conspirator who had remained at the outer gate
cried "to arms," and these youg men, partly from pity,
partly inflamed by the 1 inguage of Wysoki, seized their
muskets, and placed themselves under his command.

" The total number of the Ensigns amounted to
above one hundred and sixty ; they first fell on the regi-
ment of Miens, of the guard of the Grand Duke,
whose barracks ; they attacked and caused seine disorder,
but were soon repulsed, proceeding to the city after having
escaped in the barracks of Randsicoil, from the cuiras-
sier regiment of the guard of Podolia they succeeded
in entering Warsaw, where the conspirators had
already had time to raise the populace. The major
part of the Fourth Regiment of Infantry were the
first to tread under foot the duties imposed on it
by honour and its oaths, assisted by the populace, it
took possession of the arsenal. The rebels were joined by
the battalion of sappers, which had massacred some of its
officers, who remained faithful to their duty, as well as by
a part of the Polish regiment of grenadiers of the guard,
and by all the Polish horse artillery of the Guard. Then
began excessess of which, according to the Polish Gazettes
themselves, neither Paris nor Brussels had afforded an ex-
ample. The furious populous, joined to the soldiers, after
indulging in drunkeness an-I pillage, barbarously massacred
the innocent victims who were given up to them by the
private vengeance of the conspirators. Blood flowed
in torrents in the streets of Warsaw, where the carnage
was continued during the whole night. Guided by young
officers, the greater part of the soldiers of the Polish regi-
ments joined the iebels. It is affirmed that not a single
person of any distinction took part in the rebellion, that
not a single General, Colonel, or even Captain, was seen
in the ranks of the rebels; and that the companies were
commanded by young Lieutenants and Sub-Lieutenants,
In their efforts to keep their inferiors to their duty, the
officers of the Polish troops were killed by the rebels,
others were taken prisoners, or driven away by the re-
volted soldiers.

" During these tumults the following; officers were
killed : —Of the Polish troops, General Count iLtucke,
Count Potocki, Tizem Vicki, Serventkowski, Ruiner,
and Nowicki, Colonel Mieciyewski, and the Russian Co-
lonel Taihoac. A great number of Russian officers, who
had not bad time to join their troops were kept as pri-
soners by the rebels. Providence saved the Grand Duke ;
the villains had penetrated into the inner apartments of his
Imperial Highness, wounded a great number of his ser-
vants, massacred Lieutenant-General Gendre, and gave to
the Vice-President of the Police, Labowicki, thirteen
bayonet wounds. In the midst of these horrors the Grand
Duke found means to escape the search of the assassins,
who, not having been able to discover him, took flight.
His imperial Highness then gave orders to the Russian
troops, as well as to the Polish regiment of Light Horse
of the Guard, who had remained faithful, to go out
of the city, and repel every attack made ; but
abstaining from every offensive demonstration, i❑ order
to prove by facts the falsehood of the reports spread by
the conspirators and the rebels that the Russians were mas-
sacreing the inhabitants of the city.
"The rebels, in superior numbers, several times attacked
the Russian and the faithful Polish troops, but were always
repulsed and put to flight. The regiment of guards of
Volbynia, being stopped in its march by the 4th regiment
of infant, y, intrepidly repulsed all its attacks, and arrived
at the rendezvous which had been assigned it, after having
bad about thirty men killed and wounded."
(The report here commends the conduct of Lieutenant
Gorecki, who remained with the Grand Duke with only
six men, and has received frem the Emperor the order of
St. \Vladimir of the fourth class. On the next day, the
30th of Nov., the carnage and excesses of all kinds had
not ceased, the furious populace had not yet had enough
of blood and pillage. The city was in the greatest danger,
all the peaceable inhabitants plunged in actual apprehen-
sions, expected every moment inevitable death. No au-
thority was recognized, the voice of the favourers of the
revolt guided the licentious hands of the populace. In
this desperate situation, the Council of Administration
judging itself unable to put an end to the disorders, thought
it advisable to call to its aid the persons who seemed to
enjoy public confidence, such as the Senators, Prince
Adam Czartoryski, Prince Michael Radzevail, Michael
Koehavowski, Count Louis Pae, Julian Numecaritz,
Secretary to the Senate, and the retired General Chlo-
pieki. But at the same time there were meetings of the
roost violent partizans directing the people whom they had
raised. They opposed all the good intention of the Council,
and obliged it to dismiss some of its ancient Members,
nominated by the Emperor. With (huggers in their
hands they forced their way into the Hall of the Assembly,
and threatened the friends of order with certain death.
The Council owed its safety to J. Niemiewicz and General
Scirawski. While General Chlopieki having succeeded in
persuading part of the armed citizens, succeeded in re-
storing
apparent tranquillity in Warsaw.)
"Here terminated the exertions of the Counsel of Admi- '
nistration, and was new organised. Prince A. Czarto-
syski was made President. All the old members named by
the Emperor were dismissed, 'except Prince Lubecki, Pro-
fessor Lelavel, Messrs. Ostrowski and Malahowski.
"The chief command of all the armed force was given to
General Chlopieki, who accepted it only in the name of
the Emperor King of Poland. He quieted the troops in
some degree, but seeing that the perverse authors of the
revolt endeavoured to resist all his measures, he took the
title of Dictator, dispersed the violent assemblages of the
rebels, caused several of them to be pot to death, and re-
stored temporary tranquillity.
" On the 2d of Decemberlthe Deputation from the Coun-
cil of Administration, composed of Prince Czartoyiski,
Prince Lubecki, and the Deputies of Ostrowski and Lele-
well, waited on the Grand Duke, who was at Werzbv,
three worsts from Warsaw, with the Russian and the
faithful Polish troops. This deputation showed his Impe-
rial Highness the entire want of power in the Council, and
begged him to allow the Polish troops that had necompa-
nied him to return to Warsaw, to maintain public tran-
quillity, which had been only apparently restored by the
rigorous measures of General Chlopieki. This deputation
also begged his Imperial Highness to tranquillize the
people's minds, by publishing that no hostilities should
be undertaken against the city. In order to avoid fur-
ther effusion of blood, which the small number of his troops
would have rendered useless, his Imperial Highness re-
solved to return with the Russian troops within the boun-
daries of the empire, and to authorise the Polish troops,
which began to partake of the geneeel agitation, to return
to Warsaw. His Imperial Highness's Polish Aide-de-
Camps, Vincent Krazinski and Kurnatowski, who com-
manded the latter, gave in their resignation immediately
after having led them back to the capital.
" The criminal authors of the plot, who have led a part
of the troops, and the inhabitants who have made them
abjure their duties and their oaths, now fearing just
Punishment, endeavour to inculcate their own detestable
principles. They flatter the credulous by false news
and fallacious hopes, threaten the whole population
with the vengeance of the Russians, call them to
to arms in order to escape deserved punishment, by shel-
tering themselves behind the masses whom they have so
cruelly deceived. Sensible of the greatness of their crime,
and not hoping to escape the punishment of it, the con-
spirators, the favourers of the revolt, endeavoured by all
possible means to carry the whole nation with them.
In violation of all the regulation', the Diet soon as-
sembled by its own authority, and after having recognized
General Chlopieki as Dictator, with unlimited powers,
closed the Session in the same manner. These are the last
official accounts received by the Government."

The following are extracts from Prussian and
Dutch Papers, received this morning :

ST. PETERSBURGH, JAN• 4.--On the Vtil of December,
having a high south-west wind, the sea at Cronstadt rose
four feet eeven aad at the ebb, the ice which

covered the Gulf as far as the rye could reach was carried
out to sea; however, on the 28th, the corsinunica-
t;on betwee❑ Cronstadt and Oranienbaum was still across
the ice.

-ri- iscer 11,,. ,---'--- ---J -- •
aciuntsaidpe-of 0i,.1,
in-hisisive to the laws, and in the insult offered to
I person, he knew he had influence on them,
in a p-wert it they transgressed he would certainly most assuredly
trong lay a
i,
optic)
them. The eloquent gentleman' then detailed the
n 4 on the)) verb he
w'
las assaulted—declared his &termination to
:11re—ssennt
iitittgetoo.tih.e.
laws for redressafter some other obser-
orielsteettise..: thßepeal of the Union—the sacred right of
YConnello
hi_gtltree recent Proclamations—he conclud,d by
fur a W 40,14,4
ful
thheein to separate peaceably, first giving three
union of the Orange and the Green. Mr.
ntliusiiPitte. Pu'ter n'6.4 not committed.— Ginnaught Journal.
and app'
,
W
Is of ace -a,,
! , Pik ".41c-----:--
OF SLACS THIS OAT AT OHS O'CLOCK.
t.t.etz.k
21
4 New 3 per Cent. —
etition ad i Cent &``.
iteb t Cent h's - Boom pm.
11 •
els qt.
Dorset- kt p, t 50% 1/4 Old Annuities —
._ p, _ em. 90% 89% fiti New Ditto —
'cid was i lit ezn Ahn. 1726.... —,, B.ler Cent. Ann. 1751
r. Steele j k ii," t 1826
ott%.
,iffitor. to expire Ditt0............50r 32 35 pm.
that he
,Ditto .4rnall 32 35 pm.
the kind° 111.114.1'n. 1859 17% Ditto CommeTcial
. ... J 5 1
!Mimi irOoy th. 5: 186(t — Ditto Advertise.' — pm.
could for, 41.15, 18508 Bank for Account —
India for Account ... .. ...
,heir em ' ' sit, 61 1870 Cons. for Feb. 25 81i ~,4 ... X 1
eto defer Yet' OP
ii,„ 110-nd, FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT 024 K O'CLOCK.
t, nor to . ,
, . %Os anomie — 'Peruvian Bonds .... ......... ..
no pur. 444 LsYres Bonds lPortuguese Bonds
;he IMO °ltikbiZonds
t 6 a
-
-No man ' .
~.., 1824-onds
but he 111' , "ll t -
- ..i,.. 'a
Spanish, 'B2l 1614 !i',';
:hievous ' - --,., ba--as ----- 1823 —
'4t"825
S country ,mirnala French Rentes, sp. c. —I. —c.
1
I with it° , tto.eap Bonds Exchange —f.
, , . 3 percent.
such ulli ' 825 344 ' Exchange 2sf. 30c.
ten's midi PXICgs
OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCE•
anion thSt ;Aria Paid. I hi,. Per Share.
elf would ' 'l4ll"ultig Co. £l3O 170
Assurance Co £2o 24:34 25
of respect,' ex _
ty should 1,1 '',lot kociketS OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, JAN. 17.
:or, hear) • , 441, 3,, 214 St. Patrick Insur. (per sh.)
. i • .Si,e -er c
untry OP, ' tto_ , k, 3L,
.f 0, ;-,,,ew l'e per cent. 99% National Ditto —
rrieus r s'eot. .. 90 Patriotic Ditto
Ho kiwi , •
irb,
... sii• ................ Hibernian Bank ... ......... -
rxcent.... 85% :Provincial Ditto —
but for it, t ' (renal Sr,
24 . Royal Irish Mine —
ved of en tieb 44.1 stock .......... .. .. , I Fnal Mine —
. oPer0Per cent
e truth, t' tike Deb. 4p. c. 89%1Commercial Buildings —
sad coutri 1,,
bitzenterxeOUßSlE OF EXCHANGE YESTERDAY.
, 'its, .
h..i. ........ C.F. 12 1 Leghorn 47%
racy. . , 4,418 ll 17 Genoa .25 70
no Ai. , ,
cvs„.„ ............ 2 U 12 1* Venice 46
... • , T.. ....................... 0 0 Malta 46
sdy 86'03 i ' ''s .......... M.B 13 11 Naples 38%
m. The. !,, ns, ed.: .... ................. 13 12 Palermo per oz. 117
ild be st , ) ' i11...u......
.............. sight
... . 2
U.
25 30 Lisbon
25 55 Oporto 46%
rig a r p.t..i
.... .................... 60 Rio laneiro
' the coot', 711r„,c0-.: .
....... ............ Bahia 25
no_ like . 6._tsbui.„l. maine, Ex. M. 152 Buenos Ayres —
et "A -, -*gilt, ~,,,". ruble,. 3 Us. 10 0 Dublin, 21 days' sight l%
,ntages AV ' to . :"eetive I. 2M.10 11 Cork l}4
, .do
—(Cries
' .*:,.!...., ... .. .... ................. -.236° 1412 DULLION, PEA ox.
X. s. d.
.............. .
a few vi ' 4110"4"'• 36% Foreign Gold, bars 30 107 1001
nit the ' Slbril" 36 New Doubloons 0 0 0
4 -\!..t..,.......a;""*.... ............... 3614 New Dollars
ighterm. .... .................... 47% Silver bars, standard 0 0 04
him greol I%4NR
hg... 2.2 minutesWATERAT LONDON sutras TO-MORROW.
ssionate jafter 9. I Evening... 0 minutes after 10.
i Limit' v ,
to resell', ....,, ~.
the Uoier 114 • - O.
a L)4...,. "44,
led it if ;Prisb' - : ..-Af ey, • - ,
it. No,s---_----,____________ - . —i,•,-- :---. ,:,-,3...--...`.---i-i.444,;*
.
Cokes debtPA
;en of the - f
LONDON,
Now, 0.% SATURDAY
EVENING, JANUARY 22, 1831.
period of '
act called ',
. -
I the iofili lit. There i, a
report in town that Mr. O'CoN-
sense 09 "IL has been arrested on a charge of high
e Union
_ltteato
e unanittrii, 1, batll' We have made inquiries respecting
rk,a,, bay_
city of th 4,. I'Y auth c. not been able to trace the report to
entie source.
did suPri '
er, addrel 11%,
nit of otn 40, "' the Extraordinary
he prol9 ~,irna/ d
0 \,v elaborateeSt. Petersburgh, we have a lon
pt its P a'g
lad not g, It,„account of the insurrection at
riinngo.penete, Thh 6-gaeNve'
°land. the causes which produced it.
lilt Is styled authentic, and is said to
that be . 4e b
ofof
3thierypi
oq_ovenleer: recognised as such by the Russian
Of - _ ent : Bo eri;.,1.4 1... nvr.ont orl it is Bill
