TILE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY EXTRACTS VROM THE MORNING PAPMS,
APRIL '2l, 1826.

• VIM TIMES.]
That part of the French bUdget which relates to the
revenue derived from external- ecarunercei—ror, in other
words, the annual law of the customs,—is about to pass
the• Chamber of Deputies Without any relaxation of its
restrictive provisions. Our House of Commons are
one subjects of trade better instructed than the mem-
bers of the French Legislature. Prohibitory duties
and severe restrictions are still with them the order of
the day ;• and they quote with complacency and confi-
,
dence, the authority Of England for a policy which
England has seen reason to abandon. According to
thera,franee ought to import no article which her own
soil or industry can supply, at whatever disadvantage
it, 'must be procured at home, and however advanta-
geously it might be purchased abroad; because by
such an ireportatlon, some French agriculturist or ma-
nufacturer would suffer froni a diminished demand for
hissommodity. On this principle they ought to have
continued to make their sugar from beet-root, as
under Buonaparte--on this principle they ought to
refuse every foreign article, because there is scarcely
any thing that may not, by an excessive expenditure of
labour and capital, be raised or manufactured at home.
But such reasoners forget, that as foreigners are never
generous enough to give their property without some
equivalent, if Frenchmen injure one species of domestic
industry by importing commodities, they must benefit
another by exporting commodities to pay for their im-
ports ; and that as they would - expert what they can
produce with the least labour to pay for what they
could procure at the most, they must be gainers by
the exchange. In total ignorance of this principle,
one of the orators tells us, as a benefit of the restric-
tive syFiem, 44 that France formerly sent her money
44.to,the Belgians for linen and cattle ; she does so no
longer, and the Belgians no longer take our wines ;
44 therefore, the Belgians bought our wines with our
44 Money, and therefore we were losers." Belgic in-
dustry had certain advantages in the rearing of cattle
and the manufacture of linen, and French in the rear-
ing of vines and the 'making of wine ; both were there-
fore benefitted by an exchange. But if France refused
to take the peculiar produce or manufacture of her
neighbours, they had of course nothing to pay for her
wine. . The Belgians had as great a right to complain
that Frenchmen purchased their linen and cattle with
their own money, as this deputy that the Belgians
drank.Fiench wine purchased at the expence of French
gold and silver. There probably .was never a display
of greater ignorance than appears in the late debates on
the. customs.

A= document • of a very curious nature has recently
arrived in this country from New York, by, the last
packet, bringing papers to the 24th ult. having been
communicated on the 17th by the President' to
the House of Representatives. It purports to be an
official instruction, addressed by Mr. Clay to Mr.
Middleton; Minister froin the United States to
Russia, and bearing date the 10th of May, 1825. The
professed object of the instruction is, to prevail upon
the Emperor of Russia to interfere with the Spanish
Government, and obtain its consent to an immediate
cessation of hostilities with the old Spanish American
ovinces. The argument to be principally urged upon
RRussia for this purpose is, the great probability then
existing, that Spain would lose, not only her con-
tinental possessions!: which, indeed, were said with
truth to be gone from her past recovery, but her
W ' ands also, of Cuba and -Porto Rio, which the
liberated republics would, in the case of a continuance
of their warfare with the' mother country, attack as a
Matter of course ; and, considering the divided state
of the population, almost of necessity succeed in cap-
turing. , Thus the intervention of Russia was to be for
. the sake of Sain, about whose interests the President
of the United States appears eagerly—might we not
say suspieiOusly?—solicrtous. It is, indeed, extremely
Cies:, that., for whatever reason, the United States
Would inUch more willingly see Cuba still in the hands
of . Spain. than in those of any other power. From
Spain, it is certain that the island could be more
easily wrested, when the opportunity arose, than from
either' the new, American Republics, or from any
European States : and if the Washington Cabinet has
for itself .any. ultimate views upon the sovereignty of
the Spanish islands, it would naturally deprecate such
measures as might lead to a premature change of owner-
shipirith respect to them. With this hint we deem it
w, ::to drop the subject, taking for granted that the
Government of England can see as far as its
iu~urrs.---(lbid.)lbid.)

[MORNING CHAONICLE.]
We received, last night, through the North and
South American Coffee-house, American Papers to
the 22d ult. The great theme of discussion in them
is thp Mtlyisage of the President on the subject of
the. Congress at Panama. A strong opposition has
sprung up in the American 'Legislature ; and the
newspapers, in commenting upon the different Mem-
bers, indulge in a freedom which makes our hair
stand on end. For instance, the New York American

says--
"the great objection mule to tlle,lission. is, that the South-
ern Republics have wisely provided., for ultimately riding them-
selves Of the acknowledged evil of ,tiegro Slavery. This was
the burden of Mr. Randolph's Speeches, and he only talked
put more plainly what Ida ceadintors felt and acted upon: and
in . this coalition in favour of perpetual slavery, we find M.
Van Ilitren from this free State Shame upon such a re-
creant !"
%re we to distribute shame and recreancy in this
manner to Members of our Legislation, we know where
we should smut be.

Our readers will see that we are at length to be
without an Alien Act. All the regulation we are in
future to have is the Registration of Aliens. This
measure will give great satisfaction to many indivi.
ddals, though, of late years, the law has been a dead
latter.- (ihid.)

The snbject of West' Indian Slavery was agitated in
60,4 ',4ol.ises.. last night. Lord r,iveipool, gil d
Canning both expressed themselves strongly Mr.
tied with the opposition of the Colonial A mlillasieastitso-
thelneasitres recommended to them for tlsiese treatmenten:i
of their SlaVes, and stated distinctly their det
should die Assemblies continue refractor ntta-
'Litho
recur to compulsory :measures. Mr. William
stated, " that his Majesty's Government have intimated
it to-be their. intention, if they have not 'already car-
ried. .ouch - intention into execution, of appointing a
Pi-0044 or Protectors, of Slaves in the Colonies."
Wevanticipate much good . from such •an appointment.
It will always be difficult in the Colonies to havori.
bunalsimpartial between Masters and Slaves. Make
what laws you will, the execution of them will always
be ti the hands of persons connected, more or less
