_EVENYING

relations with Great Britain and othor halloos! to ditrilviah
the force of the example which England has set by the
abolition of slavery in the West Indies, and thus to per.
pctuate the existence of slavery in other countries of the
t% el Id."

JOSEEPII PEASE, Esq., of Darlington. said he bad great
p!casure in seconding the resolution. He hoped the late-
ness of the hour would be his excuse for not long trt spass-
ing on the meeting. Wi.h respect to the famines so fre-
quent in India, he believed they were occasioned by the
miigovernment of the British people, in consequence of
which five or six millions of acres of the finest land in that
country was in possession of wild beasts, while the people
Were starving.—( Hear.)
Mr. W. L. GARRISON could not avoid rising te thank
Mr. O'Connell that he had had the courage to take thet
bull by the horns, and to charge the evils of which they
justly complained upon the nd government of the East
India Company..—( Cheers.)
Mr. J. SARIS, of Darlington, rose to propose a vote of
thanks to those persons in India who had pi omoted the ob-
jects of the Society. He believed that by extinguishing
slavery id India they would most effectually prepare the
way for its abolition in America. It must, however, not
be forgotten that no work, however great or good it were,
could be carried on without means, and be hoped all 1,01.)
could would, according to their ability, contribute towards
extending the efficiency of the Society.—( Cheers.) The
resolution intrusted to him was the following :
" That this meeting views with the highest satisfac-

Lion the demonstration of public opinion in Calcutta, in
favour of the objects of the British India Society, on the
occasion of the Second Annual Meeting of the Land-
owners' Association of Bengal ; highly appreciates the
offer of the liberal and enlightened co-operation and sup-
pat of that powerful and influential Institution ; and
pledges itself to the strenuous pursuit of measures of ge-
neral amelioration."

WILLIAM ALDAaI, Esq., late of Calcutta, said, in se-
conding the resolution, he felt same didculty, since it
might appear to some that he was indirectly thanking him-
self, having been long resident in Calcutta. The Land-
owners' Association in India, which proffered their sup-
port to the Society, was one of great interest and im-
portance, and their assistance should be eagerly sought
and cordially embraced. It was only by decisive and
immediate reforms the welfare of India could be secured..
JOHN STEWAttT, Esq. briefly proposed, and Dr.
SPKERS seconded, the next Resolution, which was carried
unanimously :

" That this meting further hails with unmingled plea.
sure the formation of the Bombay branch of the British
India Society, supported by much of the mercantile wealth
and influence of the Europeans and natives of that import-
ant Presidency, and fully recognises and approves the.ex-
elusion of party and sectarian feelings and views from the
objects and proceedings of a Society which aims to embrace
all sects and all parties in one common object of benevo-
lence."

H. S. CASEY, Esq., proposed, and W. LEATIIAMt
of Wakefield, seconded the next resolution, which was car•
ried unanimously :
" Tuat the thanks of this meeting be given to the Com-
mittee for their services during the past year, and that the
following gentlemen (with power to add to their number)
do constitute the Committee for the year ensuing, viz. :
W. Aldam, Esq., W. H. Ashurst, Esq., Jonathan deck-
house, Esq., Henry Blanshard, Esq., Dr. Bowring, Itght
lion. Lord Brougham, F. C. Brown, Esq., Thomas
Clarkson, Esq., Sir Charles Forbes, Bart., W. Hewitt,
Esq., Joseph Pease, Esq., Dr. Price, Alexander Rogers,
Dr. Spier, Joseph Sams, Esq., John Stewart, Esq., John
Sydney Taylor, A.M."

. . .
Jourr DUNLOP, Esq., proposed and Geo. Tiromesos,
Esq., (who passed a high and eloquent eulogium upon Sir
Charles Forbes for his conduct in India and England),
seconded the next resolution which was carried with loud
acclamation :

" That the warmest thanks of this meeting be presented
to Sir Charles Forbes, Bart., for his liminess in presiding
on the present occasion, and for his long continued la-
bours and ardent devotion in the cause of the natives of
British India."

Sir CHARLES FORTIES briefly returned thanks, and the
meeting separated.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S-YESTERDAY.

The betting this day was of a desultory nature, and, except
on the July Stakes, in v. hich two important changes will be
found, was not particularly interesting. The closing prices
were as follows :

JULY sTaxxs.
3 to 1 agst Sister to Merle
6 to 1 agst Mona colt
7 to 1 agst The Cornet
Sister to Merle opened at 6 to 1, and at the close was is
great request at 7to 2. Yorkshire Lass not mentioned.

GOODWOOD CUE.
to 1 agst Lanercost
-into, aid uis s
6 to 1 agst Hetman Platoff ,
0111 -0) )1.(
9 to 1 agst Romulus—taken '4 •
9 Co 1 agst Deception 'a
10 to 1 as Illoomsbury—taken'lib
10 to 1 agst Retriever—taken j.".-ttniv uti
25 to 1 agst Beggarvnan—taken b!
25 to 1 agst Tag-rau—taken
GOODWOOD STAKES.
15 to 1 agst Hon. S. Herbert's Clarion—taken -I"
16 to 1 agst Mr. Bowes's Iletman Platoff 'll
18 to 1 agst Mr. Theobald's Forlorn Hope—taken
20 to 1 agst Captain Gardnor's Bandboy—taken
20 to 1 agst 11r. Ley's Pocket Hercules
20 to 1 agst Mr. Allen's Orelia—t.aken
25 to 1 agst Mr. Meiklam's Wee Willie—taken
25 to 1 agst Duke of Orlean's Beggarman—taken
30 to I agst Mr. Parkin's Breadswath—taken
ST. LEGER.

3 to 1 agst Lord G..Bentinek's Crucifix—taken freely
9 to 2 agst Marquis of Westminster's Launcelot—taken
20 to 1 agst Mr. Allen's Broadswath—taken
20 to 1 agst Duke of Cleveland's Theon
25 to 1 agst Mr. Houldsworth's Contederats—taken
DERRY.
45 to 1 agst Mr. Sadler's Decision.

NEWMARKEI JULY MEETING.
The following is the programme of this meeting, which
commenced to-day :

THIS DAY.

Handicap Sweepstakes of 20 soya. each, for three yrs old.
New T. Y. C.

The July Stakes of 50. sous. each, 30.. ft, for two yrs old; colts

Bst 71b ; fillies Bst Mb. New T. Y. C.
Mr. Wilson's br c by Voltaire, out of 'Yorkshire Lass—Lord
Exeter's ch c (dead) brother to Candia—Lord Exeter's f bi
Sultan, out of Marchesa—Mr. Thornhill's Messeno-111r.
Thornhill's b c tElian—Duke of Rutland's ch f by Taurus, out
of Virago—Duke of Grafton's b c Mosque—Duke of Graftaa'•
bl f Delhi—Lord Lynedoch's b f by Dr. Syntax, out of Man-
dane—Mr. Rees Weguelin's ch c Czarewitch—Mr. Rees We'
guelin's bl f Cleopatra—Mr. Rees Weguelin b f
Dixon's e Knightsbridge—Colonel Peel's bl c The gunchback- •
Colonel Peel's b c Huon—General Yates's b c Yew—Duke of
Bedford's c by Taurus, out of Mona—Lord Albemarle's C
Ralph—Lord Albemarle's f Viola—Lord Lichfield's c by Ish-
mael, out of Lioness—Mr. Greville's b c Jack Sheppard—Mr.
Prince's gr f Sister to Merle—General Grosvenor s b f Mitt
Anny—Mr. Rayner's ch c Young Quo Minus—Lord G. Ben'
tinek's ch c Gobemouche—LoreG. Bentinck's b c The Cornet
and b f Glass-slipper.
Mr. Byng's Garry Owen, Bst 71b, agst Lord Albeniarle't
Olive Branch, ist 91b. T. Y.C.

WEDNESDAY.
gol. for three year olds, Est 1 Ilb ; four, Bst 21b; five, bst
101 b ; six and aged, 9st. D. I.
Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, for three year olds, 6st Glb;
four, Bst Ilb ; five, Bst 10ib ; six end aged, 9st. T. M. Itl•
winner to be sold for 300/., Sze.
Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, for two years old; colts, 84
71b; and fillies, Bst 41b. Last half of Ab. M. The winner is
be sold for 2001. if demanded.

T UURSDAY.
The Town Plate of AU fur three years old ; colts, list 71b;
and fillies, Bst. 31b. Last mile and a distance of B. C.
Sweepstakus of 10 sovs. each, for two )ears old, fist 1 llb ;
and three, 9st. New T. Y. C. The winner to be sold fur
200/. if demanded.

Handicap Sweepstakes of 15 sovs. each, 10 ft, kr all ages;
(two years old excepted). To start at the starting-post of
B. 111., and run to the end of New T. Y. C.
The Chesterfield Stakes of 30 sovs. each, 20 ft ; fur two,
years old ; colts, Sst 71b ; and fillies, B,t 41b. The winner 01
the July Stakes to carry 9165, and the second, 41ba extra. Lag
half of B. N.

Mr. Watts's f by Voltaire, out of Fanchon ; lir. Wilson'e
br c by Voltaire, out of Yorkshire Lass ; Lord Exeter's bro.
to Candia (dead), and f by Sultan, out of Marthesa ; Mr. \Vol,.
rail's f Notion; Mr. Thornhill's f Messeue; Duke of But-
laud's cli f by Taurus, out of Virago ; Duke of Grafton's eh c
by Divan, out of Hatfield's dam ; Duke of Grafton's b f Lime-
rick; Lord Lynedoch's b f by Dr. Syntax, out of Mandine
Mr. H. Weguelin's Czarevv itch, Cleopatra, Mid Ima ; Colony'
Peel's The Hunchback; Genera! Yates's Yew; Date of Dee'
ford's c by Taurus, out of Mona; Lord Albemarle's e.. Dr.
worth, and f Minaret; Lord Lichfield's c by Ishmael, out 0'
Lioness ; Mr. Greville's Jack Sheppard ; Mr. Carter's b fby
Dr. Syntax, out of Miss Catnarine ; -Mr. rtayner's b f by 130"
zard, out of Margaret; Lord G. Bentinck's eh c Gobemouehe,
b c The Cornet, and b f Glass Slipper.

NEWCASTLE RACES (CoNctunED).—FoinAvr.
The Innkeepers' Plate, added to a Handicap Sweepstakes of
3gs each ; the second to save his stake; for all apts. Mil°
heats. (10 Subs.)
Mr. Gdl's b c Resolution, 3 3 rs, 7st 811, (Oates) 1
Mr. Johnstone's ch c The Diver, 4 yrS, Bst
Mr. Peck's b c Avicenna, 3 yrs 7st 31b
Mr. Crawford's br g Donald Caird, aged, Bst 7lb ...... 2do
Mr. Catton's b e The Genius, 3 yrs, 7st 41b... ......... •• 3 "' „

SALE OF MR. H. COONIBE'S (late Mr. Osbahfestal)
HOUNDS, AT TATTERSALL'S, YESTERDAY.
Lot
Buyers.
1. Five couples £72o 0 0 Lord Cardigan
2. Ditto
•
3. Ditto 720 0 0 Mr. Allen
4. Ditto 1,360 0 0 Ditto
5. Ditto 32 11 0 Ditto
6. Ditto ...... 170 0 0 Lord Roslyn
Mr. Pc-so ld
7. Ditto 939 0 0 . • Berkeley.
to Lord Cardigan
S. Ditto B,lO 0 0 Mr. Allen
9. Ditto 730 0 0 Ditto
10. Ditto
11. Ditto
•
12. Ditto 115 0 0 Ditto
13. One Bitch lO 0 0 Ditto

Total £6,811 0 0
Lord Cardigan has, we believe, re-sold all his lots but 'one.

THE HON. GRANTLEY BERKELEY'S NEW
NOVEL.—We are requested to state, that Mr. Colburu of
Great Marlborough-street, has this day published " San•
dron Hall; or, The Days of Quern Anne,' by the Hon.
Grantley Berkeley, M. P., in three volumes, post Bvo. which
can now be had at all the Ibraries. Mr. Colburn Ims also PA
published, the following new works of fiction The Banker
Lord. 3 vols.-2. Emily, or the Countess of Rosendale, by
Mrs. Moberly, 3 vols.--3. Precepts and Practice, by Theo—
dore Hook, Esq., 3 vols., with numerous illustrations, by Phis:
Ernestine, or, the Child of Mystery, by a Lady of
Fashion, 3 vols.-5. The Widow Alarried ; a Sequel t•
" Widow Barnaby," by Mrs. Trollope, 3 vols., with twenty
one illustrations by R. W. Buss, IL A.--and, 6. Jack Ashore,
by the author of " Rattlin the Reefer," " Outward Bound,"
&e., 8 vols., with Portrait of the author.
TAY SALMON FISIIING.—The take continues
to be very moderate, considering the advanced period of th,
season ; but prices are fully double the usual rate at this time-,
and consequently the tenants are better off than in some more
favourable seasons.—Ediaburillt Evening Courant.

EVHNINO EnITION

WHALES BY WHOLESALE,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sta,—A very extensive capture of whales took place
on our coast, near the entrance of the harbour, yester-
day. The circumstances arc these ---A large number
of whales were seen sporting in the North Bay, and a
good many adventurous fishermen launched their cots,
and, being joined by the coastguards and pilots, went in
pursuit of them, armed with all sorts of destructive im-
plements—muskets, scythes, bayonets attached to long
Poles, &c. Having got to seaward of the finny flock,
they commenced firing at them, and were not long in
Coming to close contact, so as to use their bayonets, &c.
They wounded a number of them, and, by keeping the
water agitated, succeeded in making the unwieldy mon-
sters sxim to the shore, where, upon the tide receding,
they were easily captured, Thirty-six were then taken,
and one this morning, varying from ten to thirty feet
in length. The people arc actively employed in cutting
them to pieces to save the oil.
A large number of persons went from this place to
vier the scene of action, and see the captives.
Yours truly,
WexfOrd, June 29. AQUARIUS.

ATTEMPTS TO ASSASSINATE

ROYALTY.

(From the Mirror.)
GEORGE THE THIRD.
Margaret Nicholson.
A madwoman in St. James's Park, as the King was
cooling from Buckingham-house to St. James's Palace,
August 1786. Died at Bethlehem Hospital on the
11th of May, 1828, after a confinement of 42 years, at
the supposed age of nearly 100.
Belsham's account runs thus ;—As the King was
alighting from his post-chariot, at the garden entrance
of St. James's Palace, August 2, 1786, a Roman, de-
cently dressed, presented a paper to his Majesty ; and
while he was receiving it, struck with a concaaled knife
at his breast. The King happily avoided the blow by
drawing back ; and she was preparing to make a second
thrust, when one of the yeomen caught her arm, and
.wrenched the weapon from her. The King, with his
characteristic humanity, exclaiming, " I am not hurt ;
take care of the poor woman ; do not hurt her."*
It appeared that this poor maniac had presented a
petition ten days before, full of incoherent nonsense ;
this had probab!y been never read, or the person of the
Petitioner would have been secured. The idea of a ju-
didial process was of course abandoned, and she was
consigned to a fit apartment provided for her in Bethle-
Lent Hospital.
John Smith and George Higgins. October 20, 1795.
On the 29th of October, 1795, an attempt was made
to assassinate his Majesty, while proceeding to the
Lords, to open Parliament. The Earl of Onslow's ac-
count is this :—" We got down to the narrowest part
of the street called St. Margaret's, when, the moment
We had passed the office of Ordnance, a small ball,
either of lead or marble, passed through the window-
glass on the King's right hand, and out of the other
door, the glass of which was down. We all instantly
exclaimed, This is a shot !' His Majesty showed,
and I am persuaded felt, no alarm ; much less did he
fear." The conduct of the mob at Storey's gate was
violent and outragoous in the extreme on his return,
and it was only by the courage of an Irish gentleman
who guarded the King's carriage with his pistols, that
they were at all repelled."

James Hatfield. May 15,1800.
The following account is from Sir Herbert Croft's
Pamphlet

On the 15th of May, (1800,) during a field-day of
the Grenadier battalion of foot-guards, in Hyde Park,
While the King was present, a ball from one of the
soldiers shot a spectator of the name of Ongley, in the
thigh, at no great distance from his Majesty. The
King showed every attention to the wounded gentle-
man, but ascribed it wholly to some accident.
In the evening the Royal Family repaired to the
Play, which had been ordered by them at Drury-lane
Theatre, as if nothing had happened.
When his Majesty entered the house, followed by the
Queen and Princesses, while he was bowing to the
audience, a large horse-pistol was fired at him by Hat-
field, from the pit.
But the King betrayed no alarm . . . nor discovered
any suspicion of his soldiers : though in dragging the
assassin over the orchestra, a military waistcoat became
visible under his great-coat. His Majesty only stepped
to the back of the box, and prevented the Queen from
entering, saying, " It was merely a squib, with which
they were foolishly diverting themselves : perhaps there
might. be another.
Hatfield had served his time as a working silver-
smith, but afterwards enlisted in the Fifteenth Light
Dragoons. He served under the Duke of
York, and had a deep cut over his eye, and
another long scar on his cheek. At Lincelles,
he was left three hours among the dead, in a
ditch, and was taken prisoner by the French ; he
had his arm broken by a shot, and received eight sabre
wounds in Ifs head. On being asked what had induced
him to attempt the life of the King, he said, " I did
not attempt to kill the King : I fired the pistol over
the Royal box : I am as good a shot as any man in
Ensland ; hut I am weary of life, and wish for death,
though not to die by my own hands. I was desirous of
raising an alarm, and hoped the spectators would fall
upon me, but they did not. Still I trust my life is
forfeited !"
Hatfield was subsequently indicted for high treason,
but the Jury being satised that lie was of unsound
mind, committed him to Bethlehem Hospital, where
be died.

b lIENRI QUATRE.
esilleS. Agent before the Parliament of Paris. De-

comber 13, 1606.
With a poniard in his hand, he stopped the King,
!'ho was passing along the Pont-Neuf, and shook him
by the neck of his coat : but a?, in his examination, be
persisted in saying he only wished to frighten the King,
that good Prince insisted upon his being merely shut
RS a madman.
Francis Itavaillac. May 17, 1610. Executed May

28, 1610.
Tie King, on the above day, was on his way to the
puke de Sully. His coach, as he proceeded, turned
from the street St. Honore, into that called Feron-
tlerie, which was then very narrow ; a little eMbarrass-
Thent also occurred by the meeting of two carts. Ra-
‘'4lll4e, who had followed the coach from the Louvre,
Perceiving that it stopped, and no person near it, ad-
'aueed to the side of the King. His cloak being wrapt
round his arm, concealed the knife in his hand ; and
I:,"l'Porting one foot upon the spokes of the wheel, and
lifle other on a store, with a double-edged knife, wounded
tue Bing a little above the Ileatt, between the third
had fourth rib. Henri, feeling himself struck, cued
out, "I am wounded !" and, in the same instant, the as-
rassin perceiving that the point of his knife had been
'topped by a rib,repeated the blow, through whido the
King expired.
On the 28th of May, 1610, he was put to the tor-
ture of the brodequin,:t to extort the names of sup-
11°3ee accomplices, but without success.
At his execution fire was put to his right hand, and
bYrel
ix hot pincers applied to tear his breast ; afterwards,
tervals, melted lead and scalding oil were poured
Upon Isis wounds ; he was then drawn by four horses
a full hour without being dismembered ; at length
til!e People rushing in crowds, threw themselves upon
"41. and with swords, knives, and sticks, struck and
lore his limbs, forcing them from the executioner, and
burning them in different parts of the city.
Twenty-one other attempts, in addition to the above,
f"°l, Place during the earlier period of this great reign ;
,„
these miscreants, or enthusiasts, there were—thir
teen hang ; owe having fled, was drawn and quartered in
eth,,„
; tiro condemned to perpetual banishment ; two
luiprisonnel till death ; one beheaded ; and two others
Pardoned. In the reign of Henry 111., his predeees-
tor, James Clement, a Jacobin monk, was stabbA by
t.." 80 who were near the King at the time he assitssi-
mated him.

GUSTAVUS ADOLPHUS.
Ankerstrotn. March 16, 1792.
At a masquerade the King was surrounded by se-
Feral persons in masques, one of whom (Ankerstrotn),
tf'',(l a pistol at his hack, and lodged the contents in
.13 body. On the 28th of March, a mortification was
found to have taken place, and Gustavus expired on
the following day.

Pi • LOUIS PIIILIPPE.
each], Morey, Pepin, Bescher, lloireau, with the in-
fernal machine. July 28, 1835. The first three
were executed at the guillotine, February 19, 1836.
Piesehi, the chief mover of this plot, was born at
'lurato, in Corsica, and bad been a soldier under Na-
ll(Ikon in the Russian campaign. The infernal maehin, §
consisted of 25 gun-barrels, and were so placed that
j'eir contents commanded a range of twenty-five feet
ip length of the King's cortege, and ten feet in height.
11e confessed on his trial that his sole intent was the
""truction of the King and his sons. Among those
Whom its explosion destroyed was Marshal Mortier.

• Aikin's Annals of George ill., vol. i., p. 369.
at He then, according to the account of a gentleman
1•bo was present, returned to the box, advanced to the front,
and with folded arms, and a look of great dignity, said,
Now fire I" Silent, but intense admiration, burst into
toeitmations which shook the theatre.
t The brodequin was a strong wooden box, made in the
recut of a boot, just big enough to contain both the legs of
the criminal, which being put therein, a wooden wedge
1°44 thee driven with a mallet between his knees ; and after
tutt was Weed through, a second wedge, and then a third,
IA larger sizes, was applied in tile same manner.
S Tim Infernal Machine is no new invention; for, in
"6 ancient artillery, machines, consisting of mar), musket-
harrel.l placed on tbe same stock, were known, and called
the name of orgues.

The .1,(4Pz .;x Gazelle, under date of Constanti-
tie. June 10, asserts that Redshid Pacha had for some time
"t'l a secret understanding with the French Government, and
411 ibet4sniance with that of Austria had gained a complete
Yietory ever those of England and Russia. The result ex-
Ilected (ram this intrigue would be the arrangement of the
41us.erel of the Sultan and Mehemet Ali without foreign inter-
vention.

SPIRIT of. the PUBLIC JOURNALS

FROM THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.
(From the Globe,) _

The Tories triumph in the equal division of parties
in the present Parliament, and,afrect to anticipate
a large and stable majority for their party on a
change. There is something„ however, in the present
posture of that party which belies this anticipation. A
party which is really ready to seize on the reins of
power, and really confident of strength in the country
sufficient to hold them, seldom allows itself to betray
serious internal divisions just on the eve of fruition if
the sweets of office. The demoralization of the Tory
forces (to speak in a military sense)—the lamentable
lack of subordination and discipline—do not seem to
indicate hopes of conquest and spoil. It has been said
of the British army, by the highest authority, that they
can neither bear defeat nor victory—and we should say
of the Tories, if their present anticipations were to
be viewed as sincere, that they cannot even bear the
prospect of victory and restored ascendancy. It
would seem to revive hair ancient spirit ; which is the
same spirit that caused their fall. They are no longer
the tame and obsequious followers of the chief of Tam-
worth, whose guidance they accepted, as a dire nece-
sity, in their adverse aZairs. They force the Right
Hon. Baronet to follow even an Inglis and his Tail,
in unresisting silence, if, in ill-suppressed sullen-
ness.. In the Lords, a Hardwicke, whose mighty mind
was crewhile content to expatiate in the stores of pitch
and tar, timber and hemp, in the dock-yards, assumes
to carry out the Canadian policy of the Duke of Wel-
lington, and to second his views of establishing horse,
foot, and artillery as the permanent estates of the realm
in those malcontent provinces. Thus the authority of
the cautious leader of Opposition is set at nought in
both Houses, and Sir Robert Peel is reduced to the
role of Sancho Panza to Lord Stanley. The party
prefer Quixotic rashness to calm frigid sacrifice of
their hopes.

(From the Standard.)
At the beginning of last week a rumour that Ministers
were about to prorogue and then dissolve Parliament,
obtained some little credit, more however in remote
places than in town. The truth we believe to be that
the rumour bad its origin in a ministerial threat designe
to " whip up" for the debate on Lord Stanley's Bill, ant
as a ministerial threat it could only deceive the ver3
ignorant. Ministers have not the most distant notion
of dissolving Parliament—for what should they dissolve
it?—to place themselves in a minority of 150, which
will certainly be their condition unless the Con-
servative leaders shall commit some grand mistake.
There will unquestionably be a dissolution next year,
but not until after the revolution of two or three quarter
days, and, therefore, we advise all our Conservative
readers to be prepared for it. The liquidation of all
taxes due in April, before the 20th of this month, must
not be forgotten. The dissolution will, according to the
best calculation, take place at about a month before the
usual time of assembling Parliament, but not earlier.
This will bring in the next registry, which all Conser-
vatives must consider in time.

(From the Courier.)
When in only one Roman Catholic county of Ireland
more murders and homicides are committed in a year
than in the whole of the Protestant counties of Ireland
and the Teutonic counties of England in two, three, or
more years, it is a precious piece of impudence to boast
of the virtuous effects of a Popish education regulated
by Popish priests. The Protestants of both countries are
taught from their earliest youth to revere and obey the
commandments of God in their unmutilated form, and
from their catechism they learn the divine precept to love
their neighbours as themselves, doing unto others as
they would be done by. Is this the instruction super-
intended by the professors at Maynooth ? On the con-
trary, setting aside the vices and obscenities which form
a part of the systematic course of studies of the candi-
dates for the priesthood, do not their class-books teach
that heretics (no exception as to Sovereigns) may be law-
fully put to death? And as to heretical Sovereigns, that
they may be lawfully deposed! With such a bigoted edu-
cation so widely different from that which is received by the
Roman Catholic Clergyman who has studied either in
England or on the Continent, we cannot wonder that
Maynooth-taught priests, who spring from the lowest
classes of the people, should be practising the enormi-
ties which have been proved against them—that they
are foremost among the traitorous agitators, and that
they are sighing for the establishment of an Inquisition.
[This is sad stuff. If religion were to be charged with
the crimes of its professors, what a deplorable figure the
Church of England would cut at the present moment !]

COMMERCE IN AFIeGHANISTAN•

It must gratify every Englishman to learn, that the
effect of our triumphs in Affghanistaa is not limited
to the mere establishment of respect for the military
qualities of our soldiery and the skill of our diploma-
tists. Confidence in our moral integrity, and a tho-
rough conviction of the security of property in all places,
whithersoever our power may extend, has, we under-
stand, given a wonderful stimulus to commerce in Aff-
ghanistan —thus, as it were, identifying British influence
with the happiness and prosperity of the people, and
raising up a formidable moral harrier against northern
schemes and encroachments. Nor is the benefit of our
protection confined entirely to the traders of the country.
Our own manufactures are finding a new channel
.of
consumption, to the entire supercession of the wretched
Russian wares, with which the Aflghans have hitherto
been obliged to put up, and there can be no doubt that
in proportion as the facilities of navigation on the Indus
arc improved, and the security in the passes and on the
desert established, the imports from Bombay and the
North-west Provinces will very materially augment, and
tell with prodigious effect upon the revenues of the
Government. The following is an extract from a late
letter from Candahar, conveying the gratifying informa-
tion we have referred to :
" Since our arrival here, the whole town has changed
;ts appearance, and shops are being opened daily in
every corner. The commerce of the country also has
increased greatly, and there are Kafilas (caravans) ar,
riving constantly from Bokhara, Herat, Cabool, Bom-
bay, Cashmere, and Peshawar, with merchandise of
all kinds, particularly clothes, shawls, and silk soojarecs
beautifully worked, and Herat carpets of' all kinds, sonic
so well made that they feel like velvet. All the chintzes,
cloths, broad cloths, &c., now come from Bombay, and
merchants are continually going backwards and for-
wards. When we first arrived, nearly every thing was
of Russian manufacture, but th,': marka now appears

to be altogether supplied with English goods. The
country is quite settled for miles around Candahar, and
we can go to acy distance with the greatest safety.
And this is written within a twelvemonth of our ar-
rival! What tale shall we able to tell five years hence,
when the whole country from Shikarpore to the 'Endo()
Khosh has fallen under our sway (for of course we re-
gard Shah Soojah as a mere puppet)—when the All%
ghan soldier has bent himself to Btitish discipline, as a
compensation for the hitherto unknown luxury of regular
pay,—when the merchant is exempted from the rapa-
cious tax of the Beloochee and the Ghilzie, and the
villager tills his land, gathers his fruit, and tends his
cattle, undisturbed by predatory vi.,itations, the exac-
tions of the soi-disant " Government," and the tributary
black mail demanded by the nearest ruffian who has a
horde at his back.—Calculla Englishman, May 5.

We understand that Mis. Stewart APKenzie,
the lady of the Governor of Ceylon, is on her way home.
NA PO LEON.—ooioliel Napier, in his history
of the war in the Peninsula says—" Napoleon, the greatest
man of whom history makes mention,—Napoleon, the most
wonderful commander, the most sagacious politician, the most
profound statesman—lost by arms Poland, Germany, Italy,
Portugal, Spain, and France. Fortune, that name for the un-
known combinations of infinite power, was wanting to him,
and without her aid the designs of man are as 'Abides on a
troubled ocean." . .

BEES.—A fortnight ago, we mentioned, as a
remarkable circumstance, that Mr. Rayne, of Flats House, near
11i4lop Auckland, had a hive of bees which had produced three
swarms between the 30th of May and the 10th of June. But
we have since been informed of another still more extraordinary
fact. Joseph Hunter, Esq., of Beech Grove, near Chester-le-
street, has in his possession a hive which, incredible as it may
appear, has this season cast four times within twenty days !
Durham Chronicle.
THE NNEATIIER.—For the last week or ten.
days we have had frequent and copious showers, with occasional
glimpses of sunshine, but more frequently accompanied by cool
easterly winds. The crops in the neighbourhood, however,
present a most satisfa.t.tory appearance ; wheat and barley are
almost universally in ear, while the potatoes and 'thrill' s have
sprung up healthy and vigorous. The hay crop is rather light,
owing to the drought in the spring ; a considerable portion of
it is cut, and dry weather and sunshine are earnestly to be de-
sired for the completion of that important operation and bring-
ing to maturity the various crops.
THE EFFECT OF HABIT.—A d;ner-out in a
certain gay city in the land of cakes, had a recess of a couple of
days in one week from his gastronomic labours. "Do you
know," said he to a friend, " that I went to bed sober two
nights last week, and felt very little the worse for it !"
AN OLD DANCER !—We go to a ball. Mercy

upon us ! Is this what vie call dancing? A mall of thirty
years of age, and with legs as thick as a gate-port, stands up in
the middle of the room, and gapes, and fumbles with his gloves,
looking all the time as if he was burning his grandmother. At
a given signal, the unwieldly animal puts himself into motion;
he throws out his arms, crouches upon his shou..ders, and.
without moving a muscle of his face, kicks out Isis legs, to the
manifest risk of the bystanders, and goes back to his place puff-
ing and blowing like an otter, after a half-hour's burst. h
this da•.cing? Shades of the filial and paternal Vestris! can
this be a specimen of the art which gives elasticity to the most
inert conformation, which sets the blood glowing with a warm
and genial flow, and makes beauty float before our ravished
i
senses, stealing our admiration by the gracefulness of each new
motion, till at last our soul thrills to each warning movement,
and dissolves into ecstacy and love !—Blttchwooces Mayaz ue.
HOW TO GROW TA LL.—At the battle of Ita
tisbon one of my comrades was dreadfully wounded by a cantion•
ball, which hit him precisely on the muscular part on which it
is custolnary to sit. The surgeon cut, and carved, and pared
away not less than four or five pounds of flesh ; in short, the
whole was gone—the whole moon, to use the expression of the
Vicomte de Jodelet. Now, before that wound, this officer w:.s
five feet high at most; after his curl he measured six. Peolle
did not know him again. He had to tell his name to all his
former acquaintance ; for, not only had he grown so ronch
taller, but he had filed out in proi,ortion. Few men are so
tall and stout as he became. I give this recipe for the bencEt
of all those who wish to improve their stature, and I guarantee
its efficacy. Besides, it is not difficult of execution ; aca .
non-ball, duly applied, is sure to do the job.—Nnpier's
tar" Life.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMEN T.

ROUSE OF LORDS, JULY 6.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Wool-

sack at Five &Clock.

The Marquis of WESTMEATII presented a poti-
Lion from an individual, complaining of the conduct of
the Poor-law Commissioners in Ireland.

Lord DENMAN presented petitions from Ashbur-
ton, Nottingham, and other places, against the Chimney
Sweepers' Act.
On the motion of the Duke of RICHMOND, the
House went into Committee on the Drainage of Settled
Estates Bill.

The Marquis of SALISBURY suggested that tl:e
Bill should be referred to a Select Committee.

Lord PO wrm AN concurred in the suggestion.
After a few words from the Duke of RICHMOND,
the House resumed, and the Bill was referred to a
Select Committee.
CHIMNEY-SWEEPERS BILL.

The Marquis of NORMA NBY, after presenting
some petitions in its favour, moved the second readieg
of the Chimney-Sweepers Bill. He thought the num-
ber of petitions presented on the subject showed that
there was a great and general feeling of sympathy ex-
cited respecting it, but he preferred, instead of glowing
appeals to their Lordships humanity, to address them as
practical men, and to show them the practical advan-
tage that would result from this measure. He thought
the best evidence that could be adduced on this sub-
ject was that of the proprietors of Insurance Compa-
nies, who were universally most urgent for the passing
of this measure, and, as he had been informed, had sub-
scribed 1001. towards its furtherance. The next evi-
dence he would allude to was that of the 'winders, as
evidenced by the statement of Mr. Cubitt, the head
of their profession. The next evidence in its favour
was, that it had passed the other House of Parlia-
ment without a dissentient voice, and without altera-
tion.—( Hear, hear.) He would not trouble their
Lordships with many cases of suffering which had oc-
curred under the present system, but it would
be necessary to refer to a few, that they might have a
perfect view of its evils. The Noble Marquis then
stated several cases, instancing the great cruelty which
had been suffered by children of very youthful years in
various parts of the kingdom. Under these circum-
stances lie thought their Lordships could not
hesitate to pass a Bill which sought to remedy
these abuses. At the present period of the Session.
to refer this Bill to a Select Committee would
be equivalent to its rejection. He had no party
wishes in urging this measure. He was simply urg-
ing the cause of the helpless ; and he did trust
their Lordships would concur in passing this Bill,
and thus relieve a portion of our fellow-creatures from a
degrading and cruel system, which robbed childhood
and youth of its health and buoyancy, and either con-
signed it to an early grave, or to the evils and suf-
ferings of a premature old age.—(Hear, hear.)
The Earl of HADDINGTON was ready to
ac-
knowledge the evils of the present system, of which
the Noble Marquis had complained, and he would be
most anxious to adopt the Bill if he thought they could
do so with security to their private houses. He be-
lieved, however, there was room for doubt on that
subject, and he therefore wished that their Lordships
might not sanction the Bill without further inquiry.
When the Bill would be read a second time lie would
move that it be referred to a Select Committee.

The Bishop of EXETER thought that further in-
quiry would only prove the evils of the present system.
Earl DE GREY was persuaded that the subject bad
already been sufficiently inquired into. It should be
remembered that those chimneys which could not be
cleaned by machinery were those in which boys were
exposed to the greatest danger.
The Earl of SEGRAVE objected to the Bill be-
cause he was persuaded that machinery could not be
applied to the sweeping of chimneys in many old
houses. .

The Bishop of LONDON gave his support to the
Bill.
The Earl of WICKLOW believed that, if the Bill
were passed, it would endanger some of the finest
houses in the country. He could not consent to the
passing of the Bill without further evidence on the sub-
ject. He should, therefore, oppose the second reading,
but if the suggestion were not adapted, he should
move that it should not come into operation till the
end of 1841.

The Duke of BEAUFORT concurred with the
Noble Earl who had preceded him, although like him,
he felt the difficulty of opposing a measure which had
been introduced for purposes of humanity. The Noble
Duke then presented a petition from Bristol against the
Bill with 3,000 signatures.
After a few words in explanation from the Marquis of
NottmaNhY and the Earl of Wtext.ow,
The Duke of SUTHERLAND, as a member of
the Committee which had sat on the subject some
years ago, wished to express his conviction of the abs'enee
of any necessity for further inquiry. He had himself
several houses, either in the town or in the country,
which he found it necessary to alter in order that their
chimneys could be swept by machinery, but he had
found it very easy to effect those alterations.
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY said if this
Bill were passed the next thing, their Lordships would
have to do would be to release children from employ-
ment in our manufactories and other places, where they
were fully as much exposed to hardships as in ascending
chimneys. He thought the Bill would create great dis-
content in various classes of the community.
The Duke of RICHMOND recommended the Bill
being referred to the Standing Orders Committee.
Lord WYNFORD had inquired among the In-
surance Offices, and found that generally they were in
favour of the measure, but he concurred with the Noble
Duke in thinking their Lordships should have more
evidence to this effect before a Committee.

The Earl of HADDINGTON suggested the Bill
should be read a second time, and afterwards referred to a
Select Committee, without counsel being heard.
After a few words from the Earl of DEVON, the Bill
was then read a second time.

On the question that the Bill should be referred to a
Select Committee,

The Earl of HA RE WOOD thought that further in.
quiry should take place.
The Earl of HA RD WICK E concurred in the suggestion.
After a short conversation, in which the Duke of
BEAUFORT and Lord WicKtow took part, their Lordships
divided, when there appeared—
Contents for a Select Committee
Non-Contents
Majority —l4
The Bill was then referred to a Select Committee.
The Earl of HA DDINGTON then moved that all Pe-
titions on the Bill shoull be referred to the Select Corn.
mittce._Agrecd to.
ADMIRALTY COURT BILL.

The Admiralty Court Judge's Salary Bill was read a
third time and passed, on the motion of the LORD
CHANCELLOIt.
TIMBER SHIPS BILL.

Viscount DUNCANNON postponed the further con-
sideration of this Bill for a few days.

CANADA.

On the motion of the Duke of WELLINGTON cer-
tain returns were ordered relative to Canada.
IRISII MUNICIPAL BILL.
- - - -

Their Lordships then went into Committee on the Irish
Mnnicipal Bill.
The pistponed clauses were agreed to with a few verbal
amendments.

Lord WY NFOR D then rose to move an amendment to
Schedule A, the effect of which was to exclude tle
Corporation of Dublin (rent the. operation of the Bill.
lie was most anxious that justice should be done to Ire-
land, but that could not be the case, unless Dublin was
allowed to enjoy the same privileges under the Irish Mu-
nicipal Bill that the city of London did under the English
Municipal Bill. Property of very considerable value was
possessed by the Corporation of Dublin, which had been
grunted to them for a given purpose, and those who gave
that prol•.erty to that Corporation would sooner have seen
it sunk in the sea than that it slviuld e-o into the hands of
those who now claimed it. If their Lordships were to
divert that property from the pu'poses intended by the
original donors, all he could say was that they would be
adopting a course which would shake the foundation and
security of all property.—( Hear, hear.) He would
unLesitatingly assert that even the charge of improper
conduct on the part of the Corporation, with re-
spect to that property, would not justify the adoption
of the course proposed by the present Bill; but the Cor-
poratioe of Dublin had never committed any act which
rendered them unworthy of the trust reposed in them,
notwithstanding all that had been said to the contrary.
He believed, if they passed the Bill in its present shape,
that the connection between tlii; country and Ireland
would soon cease, because under its provisions Dublin
would become a Catholic Corporation ; and in proof of
that he need only advert to what had taken place in Tuam,
the Corporation of which had been made free, and imme-
diately upon that being done, they turned out the whole of
the Protestants. The Noble Lord concluded by moving
that Dublin ,hould be excluded from the provisions of the
Bill.
The Marquis of NORM ANB Y opposed the amend-
ment of the Noble and Learned Lord. Ple 1. .1 made a
novel proposition, but he (th• Mai (pis of Nominal) must
confess that he could see nothing novel in the speech with
which be had introduced it. With respect to what the
Noble Lord had said about London and Dublin, he must
recollect that the Corporation of London ha'! undergone
a reformation in the time of George 1, which the Corpora-
don of Dublin had not.—( Hear, hear.) Ile for ono would
be satisfied that justice would be done to Ireland, if Dublin
was only treated as Bristol and London had been. The
Noble Lord had said that the ground on which the Bill
had been introduced was, that it as said that Corpora-
tions bad misapplied their funds. He could assure the
Noble Lord that no such grounds solely had actuated the
promoters of the Bill. That was but a very small part of
the ground on which the Bill was founded, though he felt
bound to admit that the course pursued by the Corporation
of Dublin with respect to the Pipe Water Rate was a mal-
versation of the funds; because he could never consider
that they were justified in voting to themselves at orie
period 1,5001., and at another 2,500/. a year.—(Hear,
bear.) With respect to what the Noble Lord had said
with reference to Tuam, he did not see how it would be
possibly to have a Protestant Corporation the re, consider-
ing the great number of Catholics there. In conclusion
he would say if their Lordships wanted to show favour to
one of the most exclusive and unpopular Corporations in
Ireland they would vote for the motion of the Noble and
