[BRITISH PRESS.]

We this day lay before our renders the sub-
stande of a very important document respecting
the state of Greece, written by Colonel Stan-
hope, whose residence in that country, and con-
nection with the Greek Government, enable him
to give the most correct information. The state-
ment of the gallant Colonel is distinguished by
its candour and clearness; and it is rendered ad-
ditionally interesting by being published just be-
fore the commencement of the campaign. Much
.delusion has unquestionably been spread with
regard to'the actual condition of Greece. Dis-
appointment has followed amongst those whose
enthusiasm led them to mix in the struggle,
and the Greek cause has suffered not a
Ittele from the misrepresentations that have
naturally flowed from that source. The Greeks
have certainly been paralysed with intestine dis-
sentions, butt it is at the same time true that. they

have every year advanced upon the Turks, and
rescued a larger portion of their country. The
, year before last the Turkish army penetrated
intu the Morea, as far as Argos. The following

Campaign they did not attempt to pass the isti

runs of Corinth, and there is every reason to he,
lieve that they have this year been repulsed from
• passing the straits of Thermopylae. Indeed the
gallant Colonel seems to coi►sitlVi the Ottoman
empire as...rapidly approaching its close. The
Greek Government has varied greatly in its cha-
- reefer according to circumstances.and..the habits
of those who have presided over it. It has chiefly
been and still continues decidedly democratic.
But the gallant Colonel states—" the principles
of civil liberty are beginning to be duly appre-
ciated." Justice,it appears, is badly administered,
and the want of educated men felt " in every
department of the State." Agriculture is lan.l
guishing, so much of the country having been'
yearly overrun during the war; and commerce

i 9 stagnant : yet the Gallant Colonel despairs
not of- the success of the G reekS. " The

struggle," he guys, " however protracted, must
succeed, and must lead to an improvement in the
condition not only of Greece, but of Asia."—
' We cordially concur in this opinion,, and as the
purest of causes f►as too often been stained by the
crimes and follies of its supporters, we must not
suffer our indignation, at the conduct of some of
the Preeks, to induce us to forget, that they are.
strugglingio save themselves not only from tht•
most:revolting •and horrible slavery, but from
indiscriminate slaughter. Every good man gives
them
,his good wishes, and we say, devoutly,
Amen.•'

[NEW TEN Ei.]

Yesterday one of those temporary alarms
which of late, have been so frequent, bat have
hitherto invariably proved' groundless, prevailed
in the
,Maney Market, producing a decline of
one per, cent. in Consols; There was a variety of
reports to account for this depression : the chief
was that M. de Villele had Tesigned, and a total
change had taken place in the French Cabinet.
We could not, however, learn 'that . any Express
bad orrived,frorn Paris during the hours of buil-
peal, .The* French fleet of fifteen sail of the line,
which .had. been reported_ to be fitted out
for the Mediterranean, was now said to be,
intended for another quarter, and' their ebject
to be" no * less than the forming of a 'corn.
bined d expedition, with Spanish vessels and
troops, for the recovery of the South American
Colonies. We:need hardly say that this is mere,
unfounded surmise. The advertisement which ap.
peered in The Sun and New Times yesterday for
the supply of the Navy with beef and pork at•
tracted some attention from the magnitude of the
nuanattes 'to be contracted for ; but it was over..
1°01404 that the largeomount incliided a supply
Tor the,Colonies, Under all these circumstances,
, however, Consols declined ; their opening price
"4•1, and they closed at 91k fur the accetitit.—
The depreciation in Foreign Securities continues
daily fo increase, and the alarm amongst the Pro.
Pnetors appears nearly as great 'as at the' corn-
encemen t 01 last
year, when so many persons
suffered severe iesseA« The Scrip of the last Loan
to Coloinbia, *lO4 opened at
51 discount
clided 0n... de.
ciased ut abn tr-2.8
.per cent:dis.
uount..l%le,4icati Bands decline:ll from .521- to 50 •
And we understand very large
amounts 2
dis-
posed of between those prices. were
Russian Bonds

were one per cent. lower ; and French Scrip ex
perienced a decline to the same extent.

•
r
• . LAIORNING CHRONICLE.]
Yesterday the COllBOlB for the settlement on
the 26th proximo, opened at 92i, and a great
deal of business having been done in them, they.
reached 93 early in the day. This improvement,
however, did not long exist, for very heavy sales
were afterwards made by gentlemen connected
with the West end of the town, and a decline of
per cent. was the consequence, the closing
price having been 91k. That property can be
thus sacrificed, without any well-grounded cause,
it is not possible to conceive, and, unfortunately,
at present there is too much reason for the pa-
trons of peace and human happiness to dread,
that their beneficent views are very hostile to the
principles of the Holy Alliance, that iniquitous
combination of tyrants against the liberties of
mankind. Advices were received yesterday
in the City of the arrival of a Russian fleet in the
roads Hof Copenhagen, consisting of two ships
of the line and two frigates. They sailed
again on the 6th of July, for the Sound,
and their reported destination was a visit to the
waters of Iceland. Now really it is difficult to
believe that magnanimity would send an expedi-
tion on so unprofitable an errand, and it is a
much more probable supposition that these ships
intend to get into the Atlantic by the north of
Scotland, in preference to a passage through
the Straits of Dover, for, by the one rout
they have the chance of passing England un-
observed, whilst, by taking the other, strong
suspicions of their ulterior object would be cre-
ated. Be this as it may, however, they had
scarcely quitted the anchorage of Copenhagen,
when there arrived, direct from Cronstadt, one
French and another Russian frigate, and it
was announced in the Danish capital that
the Russian frigate would touch at Brest and
Gibraltar, but her ultimate destination was un-
known. In the present state of Europe, the fact
itself of the great naval exertions, which the Con-
tinent of Europe is making, is sufficient to create
uneasiness in the breast of every British subject.
Several other Russian ships of war were expected
jn the Sound. The French papers publicly an-
nounce the formation of a powerful French fleet
in the Mediterranean Sea ; the whole coast of
America is covered with French pendants ; and
when it is added, that a Congress is actually
at the present moment holding a conference at
Johannisberg, it is not difficult to account for the
general alarm which exists amongst the friends of
peace. At this Congress Count Munster re-
presents Hanoverian interests. It is sincerely
to be hoped that English interests are not
conjoined with the mission of this German Di-
plomatist. The latest information states that

is Excellency had, in a very short period, re-
ceived three expresses respecting the occupation
of Lisbon by Hanoverian soldiers, and that his
brother Ministers had ridiculed English inter-
ference in the affairs of the Peninsula. The
avowed object of this Congress is the regulation
of the German Press, or, in other words, the
suppression of that engine of human intelligence,
by which alone fraud can be detected, and
tyranny overthrown, The affairs.. of the Penin.
subt, however, it would appear, engage their nt.
tention, and It Is impossible to doubt that the sup.
pression of freedom in America is also not the
least important object which has rendered this
meeting necessary. The acquisition by Spain of.
her former American Colonies would he a severe
injury to Great Britain, and hence arises the
strong desire which the Holy Alliance has always
expressed for the suppression of civilization in
these vast regions. If the Holy Alliance desire
war with England, let them enjoy it; but it is
the sacred .duty of the British Ministers, even
should war be the consequence, not to permit the
power of the empire to be undermined by false
principles, and, by extending their protection to
civilization, and to the natural rights of mankind,
to consolidate, a 4 well the potter, as the tau,
glory of his Britannic Majesty.

•
[MORNING HERALD.]
Sunday's Paris Papers arrived last night. They
confirm the rumour of a change of Ministry at
Madrid. Count Ofulia—better .known by the
name of Heredia—has already been dismissed—
and he will, it is said, be soon followed by the
rest of his colleagues. If this dismissal of the
Ministers of King 'Ferdinand were founded
upon tried incapacity—or at least their in-
action, and the wretchedness of the people
intrusted to their adminstration, every body
might understand, and few would blame
this measure ; but strangely , enough, the
cause of their disgrace appears to be a
suspicion of 'Liberalism. The fact seems to be
that the knot of fanatics or of knaves---called the
Apostolic Junta, has gained ft triumph, and at
length succeeded in placing the Government of
Spain in the hands of their own creatures. King
.Ferdinand is now governedify.M..de Calomorde,
a devotee. oLthe Apostolic Junta-. The renown..
ed Confessor Saez has, of course, shared the fruits
of the success.of his party. He has been attach.'
ed by. the Pope, as " Prelate of the Household"
to King Ferdinand—and is soon to be made a
Cardinal, as a compensation for his late exile
and privations. Fresh arrests have taken
place. 'At the same time, some partizans of
Servilism, who had been imprisoned for attack.
ing and plundering the Constitutionalists—and
even of proclaiming the Infant Carlos king in
place'of Ferdinand, have been liberated—" in
order," says the Minister of the Apostolic Junta,
" to efface all discord among his Majesty's sub-
jects." Some curious facts relative to the Colo.
nial possessions of France came out in the debate
on Saturday in the Chamber of Deputies. Upon
the proposal of a Grant for the Colony of Mar-
tinique, M. Benj. Constunt vehemently Condemned

the perseverance, which ho said was notorious in
the Slave Trade, and denounced an act of oppres-
sion by the Colonial Government. of Martinique,
without parallel for harshness and arbitrary pro-
ceeding. ft is the transportation, without trial,
of thirty-eight persons, charged with, having In
their possession copies of a pamphlet, published
iit Paris, on the subject of ameliorating the state
of the people of colour isand also a copy of.a

speech spoken in the Chamber, in 1822, by M.
Laine de Villevesque, on the subject. It ap-
pears that, in choosing the victims, a son was
substituted for a father, a brother for a brother ;
and also that some persons having influence,
contrived to ship off their creditors., The victims
of this act of oppression, or some of them, have
arrived in France, and an attempt has been made
to obtain them redress: The Moniteur, in its
non-official part, confirms the report of several
vessels proceeding to Cadiz. Two French Ad-
mirals have hoisted their flags. These ships are,
it is said, to mauceuvre for several weeks in the
Mediterranean.
