of speculations were afloat, not merely for the purpose for
which they were now assembled, but to procure money by
means of plans acting upon the credulity of the public.
--es.—
On Saturday a very splendid dejeune was given at Application was made to him to become a member of a so-
I segrove's West India Dock Tavern, Blackwell, on the ciety for colonising New Zealand, and his answer was, that
is casion of the completion of the equipment of a vessel to if the object of the applicants was really and hones y
to
v ;teed to Ntw Zealand, for the purpose of forming set- obtsin the establishment of a colony in that part o' the
enents on those islands under the superintendence and world he was ready to join them ; but that if their inten-
r• inagement of a Company recently formed in London. tion was merely to produce money shares in the market, to
ao project, as yet, is confined to a private association, be sold for their pecuniary benefit, he must decline_ to have
esisting of forty persons, and a sum of 20,0001. has been anything to do with the project. He besides made a sti-
- bscrihed by them with a view to carry the plan into tte- pulation that all the expenses should be borne as they were
- lion. There are five Directors—Lord Petre ; W. borne by this new company, and that if the plan should
; et, Esq., M. P. for Hull; Messrs. J. B Gordon and Jos, prove to be successful, then and then only should it be
:-OHlf.'9, and another gentleman, and through their instru. made public. He was associated with persona of
es. atality, and by their arrangements, preparations have the greatest eminence and honour, amongst whom
t s e made which it is to be hoped will lead to the esta- were Mr. Palmer, the present membm for Essex ; Mr.
... ,hruent of a colony which will eventually prove as Littleton (now Lord Hatherton), Mr. Ellice, and a
flourishing and as successful as any of those now existing in number of other persons celebrated for their wealth
the southern seas. The vessel which has bsen engaged and their discrimination, and they engaged with him
,as been purchased by the Company, and is the Tory that no shares should be thrown into the market. They
barque, of 400 tons. She is newly built, and has only spent about 25,0001. or 30,000/. in the undertaking, in
beet, one voyage to the South Seas, on which she sending two vessels to the islands for the purposes of ex-
displayed her excellent qualities as a sailer. Her model ploration, for which they never received a return of six-
is described to be one of the most beautiful and per- pence ; but he was happy to say, that the shares of which
feet that has been framed, and while her external appear- they were proprietors were never produced or made the
nice is of a character to give confidence to her proprietors subject of improper speculation. Such was his connec-
f the rapidity with which she will perform her voyage, her tion with the first Association which was formed, which
sternal accommodations are such as might well be praised, was still in existence, and of which he was still the
even if she were of a class of ship far superior to that to Chairman. Mr. Huskisson had promised them the coun-
milich she belongs. Her equipments are of a first-rate tenance of the Government; but after the expedition had
re der, and no expense has been spared in reader ng her one gone out they found that they could obtain nothing dis-
cf the most complete vessels that has ever left the pert tinctly from the Government, and their vessels were obliged
I of London on a similar expedition. - See carries mght to return in consequence. For many years the whole affair
liens and abundance of ammunition, and her crew con'i- was lost, and it was only on his return from his embassy
derably exceeds the average number for such a ship. Site at Russia that he heard of this scheme, and its projectors
carries no merchandise except such as shall be fit for came to him, and proposed that he should join the
barter with the natives, nor will there be any passengers on new undertaking, which to a certain extent was no doubt
board with the exception of those persons who go out in in rivalry with that to which he belonged. He did not,
eharge of the expedition, and the scientific gentlemen however, consider it in that light, because he conceived
usually employed on such occasions. Colonel Wakefield, that even the second, third, or fourth schemes of colonize-
the principal agent of the Company, an officer of undoubted tion would not tend to injure the Company to which he be.
merit, has been selected to take charge of the expedition, longed, but on the contrsry, would be likely to procure
and the instructions given to him by the Board of Direc- its success ; and he was, therefore, ready to embark in
tors are such as must meet the approbation of all. The this scheme, and give it all the assistance in his power.
country to which the expedition is proce.-ding is repre- During his absence in North America, it appeared that the
seated and acknowledged by all to be most favourable to the sort of indirect sanction which was lent to it by the Go-
purpose in view. The climate is healthy, the land most vernment was withdrawn, and the result was the present
ortile and rich in natural productions, and the natives are undertaking, which was set on foot by individuals solely on
not only exceedingly friendly, but repeatedly express their own responsibility, and for the purpose of becoming
themselves anxious for the settlement of respectable acquainted with the advantages which might be derived from
Rnglishmen among them, by whom they may be protected a settlement in New Zealand. On behalf of the Company to
I felon the lawless bands of outcasts, consisting of runaway which he belonged, he ought to state with candour that they
convicts and sailors, which now infest their shores. A ter. were still in communication with the Government, and they
-itory of about 600,000 acres has been purchased from the were to have a meeting on Monday (yesterday),and it was to
I aborigines for the use of the Company, and while it is be hoped that a charter would be grantedto them according to
ormosed that the first settlements shall be made at Oklanga the original promise of Mr. Huskisson. He had seen a
and at the Kiapara river, the attention of the officers will gentleman connected with the Company on that morning,
be directed also to the northern and southern islands. We and he had suggested to him the propriety of making the
see already stated that the preparations with respect to advantages which they had obtained available for the sue-
the vessel have been completed, and with a view to exhibit cess of the scheme in furtherance of which they had then
:hem to the friends of the Company the ship was towed met.—(Cheers.) So much for that part of the speech
from the West India Docks where she had been lying, made to them by the worthy Chairman in reference to his
to the canal adjoining Lovegrove's Tavern, and on exertions in the cause of the colonization of New Zealand;
Saturdev, being decked in her holiday attire, she was and he now came to the more general argument respecting
prepared for the reception of visitors. The Earl of colonization, and he certainly did avow himself an adherent
Durham, who in the year 1825 took considerable interest in to the maxim which had been laid down, not in favour,
the colonization of the islands of New Zealand, was among however, of the old system, but of the new mode of
those who visited the ship, and he and numerous distin- colonization. What he meant by this was, that he did not
guished naval officers, who were also present, expressed profess himself an adherent of those philosophers who
their high gratification at the preparations which had been declared that colonies were of no advantage to the parent
made. After the inspection of the ship the party pro- state, because they had been a loss and detriment to that
seeded to the tavern ,where about a hundred and thirty country. If he could be convinced that colonization must be
ladies and gentlemen sat down to the repast which had conducted on the same principle as heretofore, he might be
been prepared for them. At the cross table we observed disposed to express himself in that manner, but it was be-
the Earl of Durham, Lord and Lady Petre and family, cause he believed that a much better system might be set on
Sir George Sinclair, M. P. for Caithness, Admiral Young, foot than that which had hitherto existed, that colonization
Mr. Sheriff Wood, the Lord Provost of Glasgow, Mr. need not he carried on to the loss, but to the advantage
Under- Sheriff Ellis and lady, Captain Nelson, of the of the parent country, and that he had received information
Trinity House, Captain Stockton, United Scams navy, that a very different system could be established, and that
Mr. Ward, of Stepney, and other persons of distinction, colonization might be made to be as productive to
The Hon. F. Baring, M. P., bad visited the ship, but was the mother country as to the advantage of those
unable to remain for the dejeune. who originated it, and that a system might be
Mr. Hutt, M. P., acted as Chairman ; and the Deputy adopted of advantage to those numerous classes of our
Chair was occupied by Mr. G. F. Young, late M. P. for fellow-countrymen who were here without work or the
Tynemouth. means of subsistence, and that a plan might be adopted by
The CHAIRMAN, in proposing "the health of the which their comforts might be secured, and instead of their
(,)seen," said that the occasion on which they were met being a drag and weight on England, they might be made
- culiarly suggested to them the expression of their boy- to contritno e to its wealth and honour—that he declared
s 'v, The vessel which they had just seen in so excellent himself friendly to the principle of emigration. As wealth
-tate of preparation, and many persons with whom they was, besides, to be derived from shipping, he could not
were then associated, were about to quit the shores of help expressing his belief that the existence and pros-
England for a distant region of the globe, intending there PeritY of this country de, e d don 'tee ,mmercial marine.—
to form a British settlement, by which means he thought ( Hear.) He had had the means of judging in Russia, when
they might fairly feel that they were increasing the glory he was there, between an artificial marine and one emanating
of her Majesty's realm.—( Hear, hear,) He said this, not from the habits and feelings of the people, In Russia he
because he felt that the power of her Majesty would be had seen a splendid fleet, and 15,000 men marched down
augmented—not merely because he believed that they as soon as the ice was brokers up to man it ; but he never
.could, by the step which they were taking, open new found the innate feeling of interest among them which
I sources of prosperity and happiness to her Majesty's sub- existed in the hearts of British sailors, and which should
jects, but because he anticipated that they would thereby weigh on the minds of persons whose whole prosperity de-
reclaim from savage life, and introduce to the benevolent Fended on the existence of the marine. They were marched
arts of civilisation, and to the more exalted hopes of Chris- down with every appearance of their being in slavery (he
t'anity, a people the most intelligent—the most energetic did not mean to use the term offensively), and of their
—the most capable, but, he must add, the most oppressed being persons forced into a service which was disagreeable
of the inhabitants of the globe.---( Cheers.) to their feelings, and they presented an appearance entirely
The toast was drunk with the usual honours. different from that exhibited by our sailors, who were
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " The health of Lady not only willing but anxious to enter into the service of
1 Petre and the Ladies," which was also received with the their country.—(Hear, hear.) He was almost ashamed
customary applause. fur having been led to detail more to the meeting than he
I Lord PISTRa having returned thanks, should have done on an occasion of this description, where
The CHAIRMAN rose to propose the health of the Earl of he saw that the majority of those who were present
! Durham. He said that they must all most deeply regret were ladies, who were not used to . statistical or political
that a country, situated as New Zealand was, and so formed details ; but he had wished to state Isis opinions upon the
1 by nature for the purposes of habitation and culture, should subjects which had been touched upon in the speech of the
- so long have been left without any successful effort having Honourable Chairman. He thought, besides, that upon
! been made to procure its establishment as a coloay. It had an occasion of this sort, when a new principle was about to
'i. hitherto been abandoned by this country, with which it was be called into operation—he trusted successfully, and for
it, some irregular manner connected, to a race of men the advantage of colonization and individual interest—he
1 little calculated to extend the honour of the British was justified in stating the general opinions which he en-
name. Fitted by the natural resources of its soil—by the tertained, and he hoped that it might be permitted to a
healthiness of its climate—and by the beauty of its inland person who had had some experience in different stations
tchnery, to became the place of abode for persons of indus.. of life to say, that he was convinced that in the whole
'i trines habits and of civilized feelings, it had been allowed course of his existence he had never heard of any underesj
to be made the resort of the pirate and the marauder, of taking more likely to be attended with useful results, andH
i the
convicts from the adjoining penal colonies, and of to be conducive to the prosperity of the empire, than that,
i scarcely less lawless race of runawste seamen ExP edi which was now set on foot. Entertaining these opinions,
i lions had been seggeced for the phrposeOf forming. a regular' therefore, and having ne feelings, of rivalry, although he
1 settlement at these most interesting and important islands, was connected with another company, he tcok leave to
i but thy lal never been carried out, and he need not de- offer to the Directors of this Association his best wishes
1 scribe the consequences of such a dispensation. Almost for the success of their undertaking, hoping sincerely that
all those objects which the early navigators had remarked it might be favoured with the best results that its most
ias the subjects of congratulation and delight were distil). ardent and enthusiastic admirers might desire.—( Loud
I Fearing before the introduction of a European community, cheers )
I
and is appeared as if, in fact, "the land were like the The CHAIRMAN said that they ought not to separate
garden cf Eden before them, but behind it was as a desolate without expres-ing to another Noble Lord present the sin-
nillerness." All, he was sure, would rejoice in seeing sere feelings of respect and thankfulness which they enter-
this scone of barren misery changed to one of prosperity, tained for the very useful exertions which he had made in
arid he was glad that the time appeared to be now atm furtherance of the object which they had in view.--( Hear,
prcaching when this desirable end would be attained. hear.)
The New Zealand Company had received the assurance Lord PETitE returned thanks. He could not claim the
of her Mhiesty's Government that a Bill should he intro- same di-tinction or the same power enjoyed by the Noble
duced into Parliament immediately, and should be passed Earl who had before addressed them, but he could at least
as soon as possible—( Hear, hear)--for the purpose of claim the merit of possessing steadiness of purpose in this
t, • hotter regulation of these isl.ands ; and the Company u idertaking. He was, however, much interested in the
following, the intentions of the Goeernsnent n ith no colony for many reasons, the first of which was, that he
oacqual steps, had fitted out an expedition, destined, had a large family which must be provided for--( A laugh)
It teas to be hoped, to lay the foundation of an im- —and, notwithstanding the apprehensions that he had seen ARREST OF A SECRETARY
1 portant colony. Attached to that expedition were expressed, that all those pr reeding with this expedition (From the Bristol
Mercury of Saturday•)
gentlemen selected with the utmost care on ace unt were to be eater' up by the natives, one of The Chartists held a meeting last night on Brandon-
!of their qualifications. Scientific men, draftsmen, 1 his sons (who was present), who, however, did hill to agree to a resolution pledging themselves to obey
Brandon-
( newnaiists, and surveyors had been employed ; and i not possess more than the ordinary share of pa- any order which might be issued by the National Conyen-
Ito them v ere entrusted the care and attention necea- triotism, and, consequently, no more than the ordinary ton, having for its object the enforcement of the People's
. 0,7 to he used in forming a settlement which should one desire to suffer demolition in so unpleasant a manner, was Charter. Mr. Townsend, of Newport, addressed the
Iday be listinguished among the nations of the world.— resolved to try his luck and to proceed to the colony.— meeting, as did also " Vincent, the valiant," who talked
1 ( Heer, hear.) Who, then, would n t wish them success a ( Hear, hear, and laughter.) lie most sincerely declared largely (,f the late affair at Devizes, saying that, if he had but
' ._(Cheers ) He need not ss.v, however, that the Con- that if the success of the expedition were desired by any spoken the word, there would not have been a some left in the
1, i..a.n.1 ~-ad not arrived st the Cnteresting position in which one man more than another, Inc was that one. town or a Tory to tell the tale ; he called upon his hearers
, they :mar stood without much I..bour,Thie r,reatest exer- The CHAIRMAN next proposed die health of the Earl of to swear to assist their fellow men when " the moment"
~- stem, and many disappointments ; and without the distin- Devon, n ho, actuated by •a public spirit, was a cordial co- arrived. " Little Jack Russell," lie said, bad let them
)
. .;-,..it:lied assistance which they bad received from several °Peretor with the Company, and who had been expected go on too far; it was useless for him to talk now of putting
; 0 „intuit individuals now present, it was probable that the to be present, but was detained elsewhere, them down as seditious societies.—(Cheers.) Within a
. rr:urs,o,,,,;(!iroffeolonization in New Zsaland would l'ave been The Hoy. GENTLEMAN said that those who were ac- month, perhaps within a few nights, the movement would
et forward state in 1839 than it was i„ 1520, Was 11u:tinted with the assistance given to the scheme in the take place, which would either end in eternal slavery or
lit n't t righ , then, that they should Low remeniber these course of the last year by the Honourable Baronet near universal liberty. After indulging in sundry inflammatory
1wh0„.,0 hall erformed sech services t*, their cause, and for hilts ( Sir George Sinclair), would need no recommenda- remarks, to which we should be sorry to give publicity,
t carne of tl:e:r common country ? He would here take tion from him to receive the toast which he should now pro_ various cheers were given, and the meeting separated.
•et libeh.ty. of remarking, that 'it was one of the great pose with cordiality. He was glad to m e the Honourable The meeting lasted till nearly eleven o'clock.
! Inns of the cause of colonization, in which they were en- Baronet there, representing, as he did, the Scottish interest; ( From the Times.)
- iqe.i, Chit it formed a delightful neutral ground, on and he was sure that he need only mention the fact that The meeting having been dissolved the parties returned
, - itch men of all possible political opinions, without any the eldest son of the Honourable Baronet was about to "in a riotous proces,ion to Castle-mill-street, where they
. ring or clashing of interests, might join ; and that they proceed to the colony to show die sincere interest which were again addressed out of the window of a man named
se 'Or, in their endeavours to promote the interests of he took in the scheme, and his entire approbation of the Peyne, a Chartist bookseller. The assemblage corn-
' ',their fellow-men, forget all the feelings of animosity measures which they had adopted. He proposed " the pletely blocking up the streets, and continuing to disturb
which existed between parties. lie delighted that health of Sir George Sinclair." the peace of the city by their shoutings, at about twelve
.. ems so, and he was grist tied that to could now appeal to The toast was received with local applause. o'clock the police interfered, and while endeavouring to
e •distinguishel services of en eminent Nobleman now Sir G. SINCLAIR said that he felt honoured and gratified quietly disperse them, some of the mob pulled out their
present in the cause of colonization without laying himself by the notice which the 'electing had been pleased to be- staves, and Mofgan, the secretary, brandished an iron in-
, open to the imputation of being in any t'egree actuated by stow upon him, and in return he begged to express his strument about two feet long, having a large knob covered
personal or political motives. Who was lucre that was ig- sincere thanks for the manner in which they had received with lead at one end, and a pike at the other, with a view
n"reltt of the essential services rendered to the cause of the toast so kindly proposed to them by their Honourable to intimidate the policemen from doing their duty ; he was
colonmetion by the Earl of Durham ?—( Cheers.) He said Chairman. He could not say that he had not been in the immediately apprehended, the pike taken from him, and
this not toe 'I) in reference to public documents now in habit of bearing speeches, but he could at least declare conveyed to the station-house, followed by many of the
the hands ut every one, wherein, in the languaa-e and with that he was not much accustomed to make them ; and he Chartists, who were heard to cry " Rescue," and t etems
the authority of a sti tame], the Noble Earl had pointed rejoiced now in addressing an assemblage, which was hi cent, you are betrayed." but who, seeing the firm front
oat the resources which might be laid open, not merely to one respect diftaent from the Legislative Assembly of the of the police, were afraid to attempt any act of out.
his own country, but to all mankind, by a proper system of country, in its being graced by the attendenee of rage. Finding that Morgan was locked up for the
coltersizetion—he referred not merely to tint important ser- ladies, whose pres,„„ was entirely forbidden in one night, the mob gradually dispersed, but about a quarter
Oae, but to die fact, which was more germane to the object House of Parliament, and only connived at in the other.— before one o'clock three of them in passing down Castle-
. of their present assembling, that he was among the first of ( Hear, hear, and laughter.) From the first moment street were heard to say that there would soon be a fire in
those who pointed out the high importance to this country of at which this subject was mentioned to lairn, he had Bristol, compared with which the burning of Queen-square at
!he colonization of New Z .aland.--( Cheers.) It was a fact taken the liveliest interest in the success of the the riots was but a bonfire. The Chartists were,we understand,
well known to many whom he addressed, that in 1925 the Earl scheme, believing as he did that i: would tend to the pro- all armed : one of them in the tap-room of a public-house
of Durham suggested a plan for forming a British colony in mulgation of true religion in a distant region, and that it pulled from his sleeve a large knife about eighteeniwnochuelds
New Zealand, and that he called the attention of Mr. Hug- wouli promote the best interests of mankind in acquainting long in a sheath. They also while on the bill fre.
kisson to that measure, ald received from him expressions the natives of the country to which the expedition was pro- quentlY called on their police force to proceed to one part
of concurrence and approbation. They ought not then to reeding, with the advantages which Providence had be- or other of the hill, upon which twenty or thirty
men
lose this opportunity of expressing their acknowledgment stowed upon them, and by transferring to the shores of that fall out and march with military precision, under the or-
to one who so well knew the true meaning of the good old country those individuals who, in their native land, might ders of commanders. Indeed, they were seen on Thurs-
English cry of " Ships, Colonies, and Commerce"—( Hear, not be able to find a mart for themselves, or a sphere for day night drilling in bodies in Tyndall's; park.
hear)—and he called upon those present to take advantage their exertions.—( Hear.) The object vs hich they had in THE EXAMINATION OF MORGAN,
of it, They should not now be obliged to call for the assist- view was ferdifferent from that which had induced the este- This day (Saturday) Morgan was brought up for eta-
once and co-operation of those individuals who had come blishment of colonies in early times. We were sending forth urination before the Mayor and a full bench of Magistrates,
for.vard in, their behalf, because they had already obtained the blessed truths of the Gospel, and our object was to in- The prisoner was charged with being riotous and discos-
, o.; but lie begged to remind them that when the Noble struct and not to enslave—toprotect and not toexterminate. derly in Castle-mill-street, with having an unlawful wea-
, Earl first came forward it was at a less propitious and a less —( Hear. ) He could not give a stronger proof of the in. pon its his possession, and drawing it on police constable
encrturiging moment. The cause which he had espoused terest which le took in the proceeding. and of the cold's- No. 71, with intent to intimidate him from the execution
' Will now on the high road to a successful termination, and donee which he entertained in its success, than by sending, of his duty, or to do him some bodily harm.
he celled upon them to fill the wine cup to his name. not indeed without a pang of affectionate sorrow for his wel- Police constable No. 71, deposed to a riotous and tu-
The toast was drank with the greatest applause. fare, Isis eldest son to join the first settlers in this new co- multuous mob coming into Castle-mill-street, at about
The Earl of Dummy rose to return thanks, and was re- long.—( Hear-) Like the Hon. Chairman, he could not twenty minutes before twelve o'clock ; they were there
ceived v tli loud cheers. He begged to express to the com• help feeling the sincerest delight diet this was a subject I harangued from a window by a man called Vincent ; the
pony assembled his heartfelt acknowledgments for the kind upon which no party or political feeling could exist, lie prisoner Morgan had about twenty round him on the
recePt:on they had given to the toast which had been pro- certainly felt very much at borne just now, when he was pavement, to whom he was speaking. He went up
Posed,s to. them.. He felt somewhat at a loss to express to them on board the good ship Tory, but he felt no small pleasure to him and told him quietly to move on. lie
\
felt 7lisechngs which actuated him on that occasion h for he at. finding himself united in supporting the undertaking said lie would, but immediately pulled out the pike
Chairman
he had no claim to the compliment which their Hon, wills so many persons of eminence as he had seen around described from the side of his dress, and brandished it at
that h an had paid him, although, perhaps, he was aware him—persons whose opinions were always entitled to the him with a view to intimidate him fiem his duty ; he
l . 0 was entitled to the approbation which had been ex- highest respect, even from those opposed to them in poli. therefore took hint into custody.
' pressed by the Co
in the cause
of mpany, associated as they-were with him tical feelings.— ( Hear, hear.) It was said that the object of Several other witnesses proved the violent language
he had long
preeement and colonization beecolonization. As regarded New Zealand, the projectors of this undertaking was to injure the in- used at the meeting as detailed in our report, and that a
anxious to devote his services to the im wrests of the natives of New Zealand, but he, had no hesi- tall man at the meeting gave various orders, such as "20
i rho globe. His
imioiznation of that most important part of tation in avowing his firm belief that, so far from that men fall out," upon which they did so, and marched up
truly stated, that man . Friend the Chairman had most being the effect of the steps which they were taking, it and down in regular military order, armed with staves.
!chime to carry out years
ago he was connected with a would be to improve their position, and to make them Mr. James Webb, of Castle-street, proved the state of
, -Ter ;ly established, had iteent .which the Company, now acquainted with the vast natural advantages bestowed alarm in which the inhabitants were kept by the Chartist
es isliterit of having suggested He could not claim upon them, and with the means of turning them to the assemblies ; that at about a quarter before one o'clock
,- `sic , lee had pointed out, but heeadoptio?
stehnaatttehuerreewls-eerwehneere, exertionsi
n furtherance
ear.) In conclusion, he begged to this morning three of the mob passed his house, and he
e. of' the plan I best account.—( Hehr, h
was Chairman of th
*pny first established. That was in 1825, a period hasesuertemtldhe mAaksseocinlattihoen which
heard them say, "The time is almost come when there
e. .
rery one would recollect as having been one of very iof their object, v, hich he would not willingly undertake, nwoiltlhibneg st(u)ciht.,a, fire that the fire in Queen-square will be
citement and
.speculation. At that time all species I The Earl of DURHAM proposed the health of the Vice- The prisoner said he carried the weapon for his own

47.~'
%' /
