day—he offered the Whigs the only fly the fellows could catch
at, he and said—
" Then on with your green standard rearing,
Ga flesh every sword to the hilt,
On our side is virtue and Erin,
On theirs is the Parson and gilt."
( Loud cheers.)—He then gave them a quotation from
the Bible. What did they think Easthope did ? Why,
as well as he could remember, Easthope gave tho quo-
tation from the Bible to Tommy Moore, the Irish poet

—( Laughter)—and gave to the Bible the verse from
Tommy Moore. This jumble of Easthope's was caught at by
the Dispatch. and was made the most of against me ; but to
all their attacks I would say (as a parody on those words of
Tommy Moore)—
Then onward your black banner sweeping ;
Go, stick every pen in the ink ;
On our side is Suffrage—that sweet thing ;
On theirs, is corruption and stink.
(Immense laughter.) He had now taught both friend and
foe that principle was an impregnable thing. He had now
taught the middle clauses, the aristocracy, and the Press, that
the people of England were worth living for arid dying for.
—( Cries of " Hear, hear.") If any thing could urge
him still more to go on in the sacred cause of
justice, which was the cause of God, this reception
would naturally impel him towards his onward course. He
had been always with them. If he had been a leader it was
because he had more time and more power. He had gained
for himself by this day's meeting a sufficient remuneration for
all the agitation and anxiety of mind he had suffered.
(Cheers.) As he had left them so did he come back to them,
as their unpaid advocate, for he had never travelled a mile at
the expense of Whig, Tory, or Radical.—( Hear, hear.) He
would not injure the sensitive feelings of Mr. Easthope, by
quoting anything from the Bible, because he might say the Devil
could quote Scripture, but he would endeavour to inspire them
in the words of the immortal Byron :
" They never fail who die in a great cause,
The block may soak their gore,
Their heads may sodden in the sun—their limbs be strung to
city gates
And castle walls, but still their spirit walks abro id ;
Though years elapse, and others share as dark a doom,
It but augments the deep and sweeping thought
Which o'er powers all others, and which conducts
The world at last to freedom."
—( Immense cheering.)
He would leave them now to their own judgments, and he
hoped and trusted that out of the exercise of that judgment
which belonged exclusively to the working classes, a union
would arise, and from that union a moral power would be

created sufficient to establish the rights of the poor man.
and if that fails then that every man will raise his arm in de-
fence of that which his judgment told him was justice.—
( Loud cheers.) He in conclusion begged to move that the
National Petition, now about to be read, be adopted.
Alr. CLEAVE came Col ward and read the following petition :-
4, Unto the Honourable the Commons of the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament as-
sembled, the Petition of the undersigned, their suffering
countrymen,
~ Humbly showeth—That we, your petitioners, dwell in a
land whose merchants are noted for enterprise, whose manu-
facturers are very skilful, and whose workmen are proverbial
for their industry.
The land itself is goodly, the soil rich, and the tempera-
ture wholesome ; it is abundantly furnished with the mate-
rials of commerce and trade ; it has numerous and convenient
harbours:; in facility of internal communication it exceeds all
others.
For three-and-twenty years we have enjoyed a profound

peace.
Yet, with all these elements of national prosperity, and
with every disposition and capacity to take advantage of them,
we find ourselves overwhelmed with public and private suf-
fering.
We are bowed down under a load of taxes ; which, not-

withstanding, fall greatly short of the wants of our rulers ;
our traders are trembling on the ♦erge of bankruptcy ; our
workmen are starving ; capital brings no profit, and labour
no remuneration ; the home of the art►ficer is desolate, and the
warehouse of the pawnbroker is full ; the workhouse is
crowded, and the manufactory is deserted.
We have looked on every side, we have searched dili-
gently, in order to find out the causes of a distress so sore and
so long continued.
" We can discover none in nature, or in Providence.

Heaven has dealt graciously by the people ; but the
foolishness of our rulers has made the goodness of God of
none effect.

" The energies of a mighty kingdom have been wasted in
building up the power of selfish and ignorant men, and its re-
sources squandered fur their aggrandisement.
" The good of a party has been adv snced to the sacrifice of
the good of the nation ; and few have governed for the interest
of the few ; while the interest of the many has been neglected,
or insolently and tyrannously trampled upon.
" It was the fond expectation of the people that a remedy
for the greater part, if not for the whole, of their grievances,
would be found in the Reform Act of 1832.

" They were taught to regard that Act as a wise means to
a worthy end ; as the machinery of an improved Legislation,
where the will of the masses would be at length potential.
" They have been bitterly and basely deceived.
" The fruit which looked so fair to the eye, has turned to
dust and ashes when gathered.
" The Reform Act has effected a transfer of power from
one domineering faction to another, and le gt the people as help-
less as before.
" Our slavery has been exchanged for an apprenticeship
to liberty, which has aggravated the painful feeling of our
social degradation, by adding to it the sickening of still de-
ferred hoee.
" We come before your Honourable House to tell you,
with all humility, that this state of things must not be i.er-
meted to continue ; that it cannot long continue without very
seriously endangering the stability of the Throne and the peace
of the kingdom ; that if, by God's help and all lawful and
eenstitutiot,al appliances, an end can be put to it, we are fully
resolved that it shall speedily come to an end.
" We tell your Honourable House that the capital of the
master must no longer be deprived of its due profit; that the
labour of the workman must no longer be deprived of its
due reward; that the laws which make food dear, and those
which, by making money scarce, make labour cheap, must
be abolished ; that taxation must be made to fall on pro} crty,
net on indust-y ; that the good of the many, as it is the only
legitimate end, so mutt it be the sole study of the Government.
" As a preliminary essential to these snd other requisite
changes; es the means by which alone the interests of the
people can be eff,ctually vindicated an I secured, we demand
that those interests be confided to the keeping of the people.
" When the State calls for defenders, when it calls for
money, no consideration of poverty or ignorance can be
pleaded in refusal or delay of the call.
" Required as we are, universally, to support and obey the
laws, nature and reason entitle us to demand that, in the
making of the laws, the universal voice shall be implicitly
listened to.
" We p rferm the duties of freemen ; we must have the
privileges of freemen.
" Wet DEMAND UNIVERSAL. SUFFRAGE.
" Tie suff age, to be exempt from the corruvion of'the
wealthy and the violence of the powerful, must be secret.
" The assertion of our right necessarily involves the power
of its uncontrolled exercise.
" We ask for the reality of a good, not for its semblance.
" WE DEMAND THE BALLOT.
" The connection between the representatives and the
people, to be beneficial, must be intimate.
" The legislative and constituent powers, for correction
and instruction, ought to be brought into frequent contact
" Errors, which are comparatively light w hen susceptible
of a speedy popular remedy, may produce the most disastrous
effects when permitted to grow inveterate through years of
compulsory t ndurance.
" To public safety, as well as public confidence, frequent
elections are essential.
" Wx DEMAND ANNUAL PARLIAMENTS.
" With power to choose, and frredom in choosing, the
range of our choice must be unrestricted.
" We are compelled, by the existing laws, to take for our
Representatives men who are incapable of appreciating our
difficulties, or who have little sympathy with them ; merchants
who have retired from trade, and no longer feel its harrass-
ings—proprietors of land, who are alike ignorant of its evils
and their cure—lawyers, by whom the honours of the Senate
are sought after, only as a means of obtaining notice in the
Courts.
" The labours of a representative, who is sedulous in the
discharge of his duty, are numerous and burdensome.
" It is neither just, nor reasonable, nor safe, that they should
continue to be gratuitously rendered.
We demand that, in the future election of Members of
your Honourable House, the approbation of the constituency
shall be the sole qualification; and that, to Representa-
tive so chosen, shall be assigned, out of the public taxes, a fair
and adequate remuneration for the time which he is called
every
of aahtned succeedinglon
management deliberation,
upon to devote to the public service.
Finally, we would most earnestly impress on your Ho.
nourable House, that this petition has not been dictated by any
idle love of change ; that it springs out of no inconsiderate
attachment to fanciful theories; but that it is the result of
much
year
tendanmd
eorfe eed convictions,meret
to
strengthen.
hhtghteh eventsel .
The
of this mighty kingdom has hitherto
been a
contending factions to try their selfish expo.
r
felt the consequences, in our sorrowful experi-
e _t
si glimmerings of uncertain enjoyment swallowed up
by long and dark seasons of suffering.
a If the self-government of the people should not remove
their distresses, it will at least remove their repinings.
Universal Suffrage will, and it alone can, bring true and
n subjectulpr
We Tse haveoott
lasting peace to the nation ; we firmly believe that it will also
bring prosperity.
may it, therefore, please your Honourable House to take
tt this i su
soeu petition iut in into
tome
st endeavours, yo ' u r most
by
i consideration f means,und
directingcri all future elections of
to have a law passed granting tomeev,ertyhemarilgehotf
eflavweftuinlgagfeers
s'NNineeens"bmeeirrn3sdoo'ffar4ll:l4adrlinijac3mm"innl?loeadlitlecidrin the way of secret Ballot ; and
ordaining that the duration of Parliament so chosen shall in
no case exceed one year ; and abolishing all property qualifi-
cations in the Members; and providing'for their due remune-
ration while in attendance on their Parliamentary duties.
" And your petitioners, Bse.”
Mr. R. D. Vlp,nl All4O fsu Maya, came forward, and
was c eered. c came forward to identify him-
„if with the great popular movement in that country. He did
so, not alone as a British citizen, but as one of the represen-
tatives of the people of Ireland--( Hoar, hear, and cheers)—
people of Ireland sym-
wishing it tq UllCiVr3toG4 that the
