t
idi)-ke

LONDON:
m
Ns L'ESDIA y, DECEMBER 9, 1840.
e

44, =gret te,
nnounee that Mr. 'l-TETHERING'
11441)11w" a Testez. day found guilty of publishing a
ous lib
t n
rcl, but the Court postponed pass-
tnea 'la him. We hope it will be a le-
he.ctile' for his spirited defence deserves the ap-
jc:lll of nll the friends to free discussion.
i!t34l„i'aige (1 ..ord DENMAN) spoke of his exer-
L"tru,-," 'Peet, and the Court will, we there-
'tts6e(l) convinced that justice will be best
The with tb.e smallest possible punishment.
Nthi great pressure of other matter prevents us
titt the Tres .er it occasion from entering very fi.ttly
trero tit sof this question. We sh-211 not,
buts bo, w
say
one word about the prosecu-
illtpeinit:"° fine ourselves to some observations on
of the trial.
'
el,r.°cur° 11,4 'as certain doetrir.des are merely used for
e ent of the Ficests, and spiritual terror is
ittti rilbl/I".Yed to co?,.x the wealth from industry
Ned eb IT of a Sybarite clergy, they may be re-
de;Polittr',answith indifference ; but when
-Fite of
ktiswera peinosophy, which says that no man
a fel his belief, and in despite of corn-
s'-'N `which requires that the doctrines on
1,
uahan
n priesthood build their power over the
°,creti• 41t and Use other men's property at their
4on.
4rit ' be subject to a rigid investigation, a man
ot‘.' prison, not for investigating those doe-
tlll,r), bu t for publishing the investigations of an-
question becomes of very-great importance.
141 sb'4ll't it is fitly appropriated to guilt, but there
keno more useful viTtue than to strip the
tt,rtiptafr hypocrisy, and', expose to merited con-
Nl' til°se who el'aim otir reverence from
do I,Lrtieularly .holy, But how can this
ne ittyihf• investiaat,;.on is to be stopped by those
lions
re -attit tlaspho',ny at every step whose preten-
)%ierd 'to be " investigated ? The decision of
whaY 3t a severe blow to free inquiry, and the
4
ason is st lid to be the perfection of human
44clr-)es ail which it can, by such a decision, to
114
,trlh, up hypocrisy, if it exists, and maintain the
'aind. in the chains of a selfish priesthoo .
d'ltii,t,ouht the Jury meant honestly, but they pro-
fit ceti ign,3rantly, and their decision strikes a blow
Alith)fieldom, and virtue.
Ittr tl"g a 6 men may be prosecuted and punished
%rillblish.rng opinions, we shall boast. in vain of
tilust "d"1. In Germany, the subjects which we
ttitior:"t discuss ate open to every man's investi-
Nro' grid while every word in the Bible is
tlltecldown our throats by the law, the Germans
There',l aril separate the wheat from the chaff.
fib
't is held to be no offence ; neither is it to
Ject
at • I,oth the Old and New Testament to
At itkical .txamination, and to treat those parts
if th 'lst' nical which are so, and explain,
tllytheY e, aft be explained, those parts which are
there c- L The consequence is, that in Germany
I)tr, y a great deal of genuine religion and no
•
her,ts Y, while both the Old and the New Testa-
are correctly appreciated. They are not
me
red to, be obstacles to science, nor are they
4111.4 by a. Tarty to uphold a system of political
4qtry.
aree apprehend the case is not very different here
ler rtst 7the upper classes. STRAUSS, the most
is 'll4lab4le opponent Christianity has yet met with,
igtfree,
'Y
,imported, both in the original language and
ha he Pi...tench translation, and even BLACKWOOD
qk 'atrt aYldprais'ed the infidel. The ATTORNEY-
kser;med;med to feel the force of Mt.
titte-41;.11,;;;ToN's remark, that his offence con-
It it selling blasphemy, as it is called, cheap.
gainF fuite true that if it be bound up in a two-
"TAUrne it is freely circulated ; it is only
11, .1 the discussion assumes the form of a penny
eittt phlet, and goes into the hands of the working
peer
that it is pronounced to be dangerous. The
tot; endelasses,in eluding the clergy—whose education,
ili al dOn pagan boocs, makes them take pleasure
lcil4l:°rts of profane writing—enter into the dis-
cs ,11-11
of anti-religious subjects. In fact, there
°r° filth and more profanity in OVID and
`tvt,i4i4ct, and the other so-called classical books)
tlkse are the basis of the education of the upper
Itto:s and which they habitually read and
ail % thati is to be tound in the writings of
i.ttttthe infidels from SPINOZA to STRAUSS. The
the
vise, illbicct, however, of these gentlemen and of
aw is to keep such books from the lower
and the prosecution of Mr. HETRERING-
-44 13 to be considered as another instance of the
Nination of the priesthood and the aristocracy
the Continue the slavery and degradation of
the u ivorking classes. We shall return to
11
t,„„ .leet of this trial, which we consider of great
111Por
11 it
er a
and in no light more important than
etchloth c,knee of that; bei;-;L: ohw tor thenr-
and
thithi another for the poor—one law for the
riader& of infidelity, bound up in,two-guinea
