~~_
-~ ~ .

. 4.-

-‘4Y:

• -.3'

jesty, who havi-g,e:xchanged Nirk full powers, have agreeTl
on the following artNes
" Art. 1. Stipulates an auxiliary force of 6,000 Poratlitse--
troops, to co-operate against the Pretender, the force to be
successively increased to 10,000 men if possible, if circum-
stances should require it.
" Art. 2. The 6,000 men to be ready on the north frontier
of Portugal, to enter Spain by Sept. 30.
" Art. 3. The day for the entrance of the auxiliary corps
into Spain is to be fixed by the two Governments.
" Art. 4. In case the corps enter Spain it shall take its po-
sition at Salamanca, and the environs, unless circumstances
should make it necessary to fix another point by agreement
between the two Governments ; the troops successively ad-
vancing as circumstances require, in concert with the Govern-
ment of her Catholic Majesty, and conformably to the instruc-
tions of their own Government, drawn up in concert with the
Spanish Government.
" Art. 5. The troops of her Most Faithful Majesty shall be
on the same footing when in the field as is suitable to the cha-
racter of auxiliary troops. _ _ _

404,
Twm is, there afbse depots 146 officers of all ranks,
ia g d cavalry, and 98 peseteros ; in
itr2 , who are guarded by 50 soldiers, and one officer
of the company of Guides of Navarre.
The exchange, it is said, was to be made on the 25th of
this month, at Berres, a league from Pampeluna.
Lastly, the Memorial Bordelais says, it is reported that
Colonel Elio has offered- General Cordova, in the name of
the Pretender, if he would join his standard on his entrance
into Castille—lst, the rank of Captain-General of the
Army (equivalent to That of Marshal) ; 2d, a title of Cas-
tille for himself and his descendants ; 3d, the Vice Royalty
of Cuba and the Government of Havannah.

This is like selling the bear's skin before the bear is
caught.
General Desmichaels has just set out for Africa as In-
spector General of the Cavalry.-Messager, Oct. 26.
FRENCH FUNDS.-PARII Ocrossa 20.
Five per Cents., 108 E 60c. 75c. 70c. 65c.
Four per Cents., 99f.
Three per Cents. 81E 50e. 55e. 00c. 6
National Loan. 108 E :Os. t O.
Bank Actions, 2,160 f.
Rente de Naples, 99f. Sic. 30c. 35e.
Roman Five per Cents., 103
Bente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 31%.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 20%%.
Royal Spanish Loan, 34% 3i 34.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cent., 34'4 %.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 102.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 89!.i.
Haytian Loan, 350 f. •
MCCLUNG* ON LONDON.
One month, paper, -f. -c.; money, 211. 57qc.
Three months, paper, -1. -c. money, 25f. 40c.
-fours Authentique.
Bouesz Tamil o'CLoct.-After many stormy days a very
quiet market has succeeded. The Rentes opened at 81f. 60c.,
got up to 81f. 65c., and have remained the whole day, with
very little business, at that price. Spanish stock has also re-
mained stationary.
The only report on 'Change is, that Don Carlos is march-
ing on Vittoria, but it has had no effect on the funds.
QUARTER TO FOUL-Five per Cents., 108 f. 80e. ; Three
per Cents., 81f. 70c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, 34*; Three
per Cents. Spanish, 201; Cortes, S4l; Coupons, 194-; Gueb-
bards, 34 ; Differes, 43i ; New Loan, 43k ; Actives, 431 ;
Passives, ; Ducats, 99 40 ; Romans, 1031; Pedros, 891 ;
Belgians, 102 ; Dutch, -f. -c. ; Haytians, 350 f. ;
-; Brabant Bank, -; Belgian Bank, 91.

" Art. 6. The Queen-Regent of Spain engages to contri-
bute to the maintenance of the auxiliary troops, by taking on
herself the difference between the peace and the war establish-
ment : the amount of the difference and the mode of payment
to be fixed by agreement.
" Art. 7. The Queen-Regent of Spain promises that the
troops of her Most Faithful Majesty shall be received and
treated in Spain like those of her Catholic Majesty; and her
Most Faithful Majesty promises to withdraw her troops from
the Spanish territory as soon as the present contest with the
Pretender shall be ended.

" Art. 8. This convention shall be ratified in fifteen days,
or sooner if possible.
" In testimony whereof the respective Plenipotentiaries have
hereunto set their hands and seals.

" Done and signed at Lisbon the twenty-fourth of Septem.
ber, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.
(Signed) " Duke of PALMELLA.
44 EVANISTO PEREZ de CASTRO.
—Diario do Governo to Oct. 17.

The French Journals of Monday, the whole of
which we have just received, confirm the favourable
accounts from Spain which appeared two days since in
the London Papers. !.‘ Better late than never," is an
adage which we may apply to the publication of these
advices by' the Ministerial portion of
.the French Press.
The despatches conveying these accounts from the
Spanish frontier reached Paris-on Friday night, and at
eight o'clock on Saturday morning they were placed,
with all befitting ceremony, on the breakfast table of
that profound statesman and immaculate politician—
M. THIERS. Safely deposited in the Ministerial
bureau, they would have reposed unheeded to the day
of doom, had not the advices contained in them been
otherwise conveyed to the knowledge of the French
people. As the public might begin to ask the use of
telegraphs, which, though constantly working, were less
to be relied upon than the ordinary modes of Post-
office conveyance, M. THIERS thought it prudent to
anticipate, by a few hours, the arrival of the London
Journals, by ordering mutilated fragments of the des-
patches to be posted up. Such a mode of embarrassing
the Mendizabal Administration is every way worthy of
a Doctrinaire Cabinet. It is in perfect keeping with
all that originates. in the mighty mind which_ conceived
it. No statesman except a Doctrinaire, and no Doc
trinaire save M. THIERS and his Ministerial col-
leagues, could have hit upon such a scheme for nulli-
fying a solemnly ratified treaty, and dethroning a con-
stitutional Sovereign I It has been said of Dr.
JOHNSON, that his mind resembled the trunk of an
elephant, which, with • equal facility, picks up a
pin and uproots a forest. If we may judge of

HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, Ocr. 21
FOREIGN FUNDS. Bills. Money.
Austrian Metalliques, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto 4 percent.
Ditto Bank Shares 1:339 1337
A uglo-Russian Loan 106!4 1057;,
Ditto, 5 per cent....
Paper Inscription, 6 per cent. —
Russian Inscription, Hope and Co., &I and 4th
Series
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bends. 5 per cent B'o4 S 3
Ditto, 3 per cent..., 5334 53V,
Dutch 234 ?er Cents.
Ditto 5 per Cents —
Polish Bonds, 3 per cents
Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cents 7 ty4 741,4
Norwegian Loan of 1834, 4 per cents.
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cent 5.......... .....
Ditto 4 per Cent. —
Coitus Loan, 5 per Cent 39 39
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, OCT. ..-...13 11!.4 ; two months, 13 H.
CluusTiArlia. OCT. 14 —Three months, 5 10.
STOCKHOLM, OCT. 16.—Two months., 12. 1.
BERLIN. OCT. 9.o.—Three months, 6. 29.
—Hamburg Papers, Oct. 23.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIY, OCT. V.O.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Seh. 4 per cent. ,01% 101%
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 re • tea% 100 99,,
—Prussian State Gazette, Oct. 21.

In the Temps of Sunday, which we received yes-
terday with other Paris Papers of the same date, we
find the following Article :
" Monday's sitting of the Court of Assize will be memo-
rable in the annals of justice. The Quotidienne will be
brought up on an accusation of bringing contempt and
hatred on the King's Government.
" The Bon Sens will be brought up, accused of having
printed articles translated from The Morning Chronicle and
The Sun, as also for other articles tending to disorganise
the army.

" The Reformtear also appears for bringing hatred and
contempt on the King's Government.
" The Charivari, and its printer, M. Gregoire, are to
appear oa the charge of having printed that journal in
red ink, considered as tending to overthrow the Govern-
ment of the King.
" Lastly, the Nouvelle Minerva is to be brought up for
defaming the Prime Minister."
Ever since their accession to poWer the Doctrinaires
have favoured the articles on French policy which ap-
peared in this journal with their especial considera-
',ion.. The Sun is well known to them ; and be it
remembered, they are equally well known to us.
THIERS, GUIZOT, BROGLIE, DUCHATEL, u-
MANN and MA isoN are old acquaintances of our..
We have marked their shiftings, noted their obliquities—
and know, in fact, to the hundredth part of a barleycorn the
whole extent of their political dimensions. As, in our
strictures on the political careen of the ICING and his
Ministers, we studiously avoided mixing up the ideas of
the governing and the governed—or, in other words, as
we have abstained from imputing to the people crimes in
which we knew they were unwilling participators; Louis
PHILLIPPE and his minions have laboured with all
their might, to prevent our opinions from being
diffused among the people of France. As,
however, the trial of the Bon Sens has been
postponed for a day or two, we shall delay any
further remaik on the subject for the present. We
shall return to it as soon as a report of the trial
reaches us.

X. Limns' intellect by the first half of the
simile, he is unquestionably a much greater mall
than the surly old lexicographer. Though he
has never moved worlds, his fame as a 'wholesale
dealer in atoms has extended beyond the do-
minions of his Royal. Master. Had the discovery of
the infinite divisibility of matter not been made before
the premiership of THIERS, we are confident that he
would have gained an immortality by it. As a -hair-
splitting system-monger, he justly occupies the
first place among that class of statesmen who
take their places 'at a Cabinet Council board, with
sentiments only differing in degrees •of feverish

intensity from those of gamblers. in a billiard-room.
The contentment of a people is inferred from their
passiveness ; their wealth frOm the extent to which
they bear taxation without universal bankruptcy ; and
their knowledge from the patience with which they
behold political quacks and mountebanks make crude
experiments upon their social system, their laws, and
the forms of their Government. THIERS 'would be a
perfect personification of Lilliputian intellect were it
not for his spleen, his avarice, and his insolent pre-

sumption.
The late Ministerial banquet at Grand Vaux con-
tinues to engage public attention. The Courrier Fran-
cais has a long article on the subject, principally as a
commentary on Count VIGIEIt's letter, in which it
refuses to retract a single syllable' which it previously
stated. That Journal further says that it will not in-
dulge M. VIGIER so far as to allow him to prosecute
it, as no evidence of the truth of what it advanced
against his guests would be admitted in a Court of
Justice.. This we know, but certainly we do not know
by what means it can compel him to stay the prosecu-
tion. The Courrier Francais is in error, in supposing,
that truth is no libel in England, and that, conse-
quently, its conductors would be acquitted by an Eng-
lish Jury.' We only wish that such were the case.
But, unfortunately, the maxim with us is—" The
greater the truth, the greater the libel." Our only
corre.?,Eve of such a monstrous maxim is public opi-
nion, -which, in this case, is frequently too strong for

It is not wonderful that the attention of the British
public should be turned so earnestly to the state of our
West Indian Colonies.- The great experiment which
is going on there, whether it is contemplated with re-
ference to the future condition of the negroes, to its
influence on slavery in other countries, to the interests
of the Colonists, or to those of the mother country, is
in the highest degree important. Whatever, there-
fore, throws light upon the subject, whatever affords
the means of anticipating any information, therefore,
which, by exhibiting the actual working of the appren-
tice system, and the causes which are likely to pro-
mote or retard its success, enables us to anticipate, and
perhaps to control, the result, cannot fail to be gene-
rally acceptable. It is on this account that the pam-
phlet of Mr. INNEs from which we quoted so largely
already, and to which we return once more, is so va-
luable.

the la' t✓.
Th. s whole of our intelligence from the North of
Spain will be found in extracts from the Paris Evening
Paper. s of Monday, and the condensed correspondence
of a 1V corning Contemporary, to which we direct parti-
cular r mention. The affairs of that country begin to
wear a promising appearance. It will be seen that
preparations are on foot for a winter campaign, so that
the Cs 'I-lists will have no time to recruit their shattered

Among the means of improving the negro popula-
tion in Jamaica recommended by Mr. INNES, we have
seen that he places considerable dependence, and we
think with reason, on the encouragement of emigration
from this country, provided it be properly regulated.
He also suggests the necessity of introducing such agri-
cultural improvements as may be calculated to lessen
the expense of production, a more economical system
of management in every department being indispen-
sable to the continued cultivation of the land. Horse-
ploughing has been tried with success in St. Kitts,
and is stated to.be common in Antigua ; but it is not
generally practicable It would appear in Jamaica, and
where it is practicable its superiority over ox-plough-
ing is still a disputed point. We submit the following
brief statement of the arguments pro and con to our
agricultural
readers :
" Where horse-ploughing is practicable, its advantage is
the point to be inquired into. On this I believe I may say
that the practical planters of Jamaica are nearly, if not
quite, unanimous. They say, the greater expensiveness of
the food of horses, the cost of keeping up the stock, and
the necessity of having whites to take charge of them, to-
gether with the more expensive harness and the deficiency
of manure, entitle oxen to a decided preference. On the'
other hand, the advocates for horses contend, that white
labour is as cheap as black ; that the more expensive food
of horses gives manure that makes up in quality what is
wanting in quantity ; that the smaller number of horses re-
quired makes the outlay as, little as for oxen ; and that the
superior expedition and certainty of horse-ploughing more
than compensate for every disadvantage that can b fairly
urged against it. Until these points can be settled by accu-
rate calculations, founded on actual experience, the question
of comparative advantage cannot be solved."
Mr. INNES justly finds fault with the want of uni-
formity in the arrangements made with the appren-
tices :

st:t•eng• th. France has all but laid aside the veil of hy-
poct isy with which the Government has hitherto sought
to co.
Rtes I its infractions of the Quadruple Treaty. We
have t
he authority of the English Consul at Bayonne for
stating
' that the Carlists are openly supplied with arms,
1 military • stores, and provisions, by the connivance of
the Fre 1 ich authorities, and that such provisions, &c.,
are pai g for in the current coin of France I Surely
Lord 1 'ALMERSTON will take a more decided course
than re- issue such an Official Note as that which ap-
peared i n our columns of yesterday, extracted from the
Temps ( )f. Sunday last. Something more than an un-
meaning remonstrance is wanted to bring the King of
the FRE NCH to his senses. The Noble Secretary-for
Foreign . Affairs appears to mistake a King of five years
standing . for a Ruler of the Celestial Empire, in ap-
proaching I tim so ceremoniously. The opinions of the
people of 1. i'J lgland are seldom equivocal ; we wish our
\_Tovernment- was so in its official expression of them.
A ARIS, 007 '. 26.—The journals of the frontier speak of
a slig,.'lt encounter between the Carlists and the Christinos
on the ..16th, in which there were some killed and wounded;
but in fax. f the two parties seem rather to try avoid each
other than to u
"On the ,i5l 1 teet. Thus a letter to the Phare says :
Car-
lists in Nat instant it was reported among the
,arrt 3, that there was a suspension of arms be-
tween the t wn armies, and that Don Carlos was expecting
an answer t ov• arious proposals made to the Queen.
On the
officers of 1 161 th, a cousin of General Cordova, with two
"
Lis st aff and 10 horsemen, went to Estella on a
mission to 1 Port 4, farlos. On the same day he returned to
an officer and 20 lancets of the
Larraga, ac et 31npaL. ied by
Pretender's t :r0 ops.
"It is affir rae d that 3e parleys relate to the exchange of
prisoners of wa, -, and tint:: General Cordova has, it is
said, offered tl wee Carlist soldiel3 for each Christino officer,
and this is rei Corte ,d to be accepted."
The Sentint lie a lso speaks of this exchange.
do Zabire, chief of the staff of Itur-
Col. Don B ernar
ralde, went on the 1 sth for this purpose to Guemba and
Salinas, to De Oro, t o draw up a list of the Christino offi- ,
cers, carbineers,
Mend
,esetezos now there. It has appeared
f

" Some planters take the legal labour of forty hours and
a half per week, in nine hours per day for the first four
day's, and four hours and a half on Friday. Others take
eight hours per day for the first four days, and eight hours
and a half on Friday. The consequence of this difference
is, that the shell blows for dinner at different hours on ad-
joining estates, and the negroes for whom the shell blows
last, consider themselves ill used, not adverting to the dif-
ference of arrangement. On some estates, all beyond the
legal hours of labour is paid in money ; on others, addi-
tional hours of daily labour are paid for in extra allowances
of food, clothing, &c. On one plantation I found the ap-

HE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1835.

prentices worked ten hours and a half per day for five days
in the week, in consideration of various indulgences and
privileges. It appears to me that such a want of unifor-
mity is injurious to both masters and apprentices. It gives
rise to comparisons and dissatisfaction." _

This is a cause of dissatisfaction which might in a
great measure be removed, and that some approach to
uniformity, where it was practicable, should not have
been attempted, is, we fear, a proof that the planters
have yet much to learn in the art of reconciling the
minds of the negroes to the new system. So far is
there from being anything like an understanding among
the masters on this point, that the price of extra labour
varies from is. to 38s. per hogshead of sugar.
Mr. INNES thinks that the apprenticeship system
cannot be said to have worked well in this island
hitherto, and that its failure will be more evident next
year than this, as the exertions of the planters have
been directed to the securing of the present crop, while
they haire been obliged to suspend the labours neces-
sary to prepare the ground for the next. He is dis-
posed to attribute this to the greater difficulty of pro-
curing extra labour there, at a moderate rate, than in
the other islands, the apprentices being able to work
more profitably for themselves than for their masters :

" It is more difficult to secure continuous extra labour
here at a moderate rate than in other colonies, from its
being more advantageous to the apprentice to apply his
own time to raising provisions than to work for his master
at reasonable wages ; and on Saturday they do not think
of working, that day being devoted to marketing, &c.
From an early hour in the morning the roads in the neigh-
bourhood of towns present a lively appearance, from the
number of well-dressed negroes resorting to market with
fruit, vegetables, &c. on their heads. In saying that extra
labour can only be obtained regularly by paying highly, I
beg to exclude the digging of cane-holes, which is generally
done_ at less expense than before the abolition of slavery ;
yet being performed as task-work, the negroes exert them-
selves, and earn largely in a short time. I saw the pay-list
of an estate, where the holes were four feet square, and
about six inches deep, where able-bodied apprentices had
been paid frequently equal to Gs. Bd. per day."

We look upon this as a complete proof of the false-
hood of the charge so often brought against the poor
negroes, that they will not work but by coercion. The
lively picture of black industry here exhibited by Mr.
INNES might, we think, be contemplated with advan-
tage by many who plume themselves on the whiteness
of their skins, and the privileges which it confers. It
is clear that the fault lies in the obstinate folly of the
master, not in the idleness of the apprentice. Why
does not the Jamaica planter substitute task-work for
time work ? We see that he can get cane-hole digging,
the hardest- and the_worst of all work, done, not only
cheaper by the piece than by time, but cheaper now,
than before the abolition of slavery ; and yet so stu-
pidly wedded is he to his old prejudices—perhaps we
should say so determined that his own prophesies re-
specting the inefficiency of voluntary labour shall be
fulfilled—that he will rather see his fields lie waste
than he-will alter his plans, and adopt the improve-
ments which would greatly conduce to his, interest.
