No. 10.

Head-Quarters, Montego Bay, January 5. Ten a.m
MY Loan,—l hasten to acquaint your Excellency that tran-
quillity is returning fast to all this neighbourhood; the negroes,
availing themselves of the proclamation I issued, are coming in
from all directions. 'rhe three columns I mentioned to your Exi
cellency that I should put in motion to open the S•vannah-road
moved before daylight this morning, and will reach their points
without any opposition. The roads to Lucia, Maroon town, and
all round this town, are clear, and many proprietors and attorneys
are now proceeding to visit their estates. All the ladles and
other women who had embarked on board vessels in the harbour,
before I reached this place, are now disembarking and resuming
their domestic avocations. I hope in a few days I shall be able
to have negroes bringing provisions and supplying this place
again, but st will require time before confidence can be restored;
the fact is, the negroes in this district have behaved infamously,
nor is there the slightest palliation for their conduct. I have
most minutely inquired into the treatment generally and parti.
cularly, and ham aver it has been most kind, That the overseers,
' or attorneys, or magistrates, should not have acquained the Ex-
ecutive Government the extent to which the determination of
the negroes had gone all around this district, not to work after
New-Year's-day, without being made free," is most astonishing,
as it would appear to have been known on almost all the estates,
that these were the sentiments of the negroes.
I have adjourned the general court-martial at this place for the
present, and have cleared the gaol as far as possible.
Since commencing this dispatch I have received accounts of
the negroes at Retirement, and two other properties having
come in bodily.
I will write to your Excellency again the evening, but the ac,
counts being so very satisfactory would not dciay a moment in
transmitting them. I have; &p.
(Signed) WILL:MI(44IY COTTON, M. G.
Colonel Campbell has taken a ruler, who camo with torches,
in the apt of setting fire to a property, and when questioned folly
avowed the purpose he came for, and regretted not doiug it. I
have ordered them to try him instantly, and if found guilty to
approve the court-martial and shoot him. It is the )ear of
punishment that alone acts upon them to come it ; for depend
upon it there is a bad spirit amongst them.
i(Signed) W. C.

••••••.191,
No. 31.
CIRCULAR TO THE SEVER AL CUSTODES.
King's House, July 29, 1831.
am commanded by his Excellency the Governor to in-
close an extract of a despatch from Lord Goderich, disclaiming,
in the most distinct manner, any intention on the part of his
Majesty's Government, to adopt any measures which may have
the effect of interfering with the spirit of the resolution of the
House of Commons, of m.):3 relative to the ultimate extinction
of slavery in his Majesty's colonies.
His Excellency trusts that this explicit declaration of his Ma-
jesty's Government will remove ally alarm of apprehension,
which some of the parochial resolutions may have excited in the
minds of the community at large. With a view, therefore, of
allaying such uneasiness, his Excellency requests that you will
give the greatest publicity to the inclosed document.
I have, &c.
(Signed) WM. BULLOCK.

No. 32.—(Cou5dential.)
King's House, July 30, 1531.
Strt,—Referring you to my letter of yesterday, his Excellency
the Governor has desired me to express to you, in a More pri-
vate manner, his request that you will endeavour to make your-
self acquainted with the general conduct of the slaves in your
parish ; and should any circumstance arise to acquire the adop-
tion of further measures, in order to remove any erroneous im-
pression they may have received of the designs of his Majesty's
Government, you will be pleased to give his Excellency v.at-
hest intimation of it.

In making this communication to yo-0, his Excellency desires
you will understand that he places the most implicit confidence
in the good conduct of the slaves, and he only suggests a vigi,
lance, which is at all times More or less necessary, but tuoi,
particularly so when discussions have taken place, which ate
liable to misconstruction and misreprasentitian.
have, &c.
(Signed) W. BULLOCK,
To the several Custodes.

No. 33. '
Blanche, Montego Bay, Jan. ri, Mr 1R:12..
=M Loan,—l avail rnyself of the despatch just solo!' off to y.,
Lordship, to state how the squadron is now [tat en the arrival
Your Lordship has long ere now town inform 0
de-
tachment of troops which we took on board at Port Royal. I
of his Majesty's ship Manche at this anchorage, with the
found here the Race Horse and Span:ft:hawk ; and Ong the
Blossom was at SaVannah la Mar; the lire4y at Black River;
and Chameljon at Port Antonio,
CAI our first reaching this port, the appearance of the country
in flames;, and the r,inount of the very general isaffection and
revolt of the negroes, were truly distressing. I ant now, hew.
ever, happy to have it in my power to say, that by the prompt
and active measures taken by the Commander-in-Chief of ti:
Forces, coupled with a well.timed proclamation, hold4ik Out
mercy to those who would show contrition for ..;,11eir crimes and
immediately r.. turn to their duty, ~11c, fake of affairs has been
very much changed for t!,;(. better, and lam sanguine in be-
lieving that in 7, short time; by a continuance of the same active
al,l j4(1101ous measures will produce the most favourable wily,
and although the mischief done to the properties and toe_ isrand
cannot be restored, yet that confidence` and tranquillity will
enable the planter to recover what May ItiC possible under such
unfOrtunate circurristanaes; I have the pl,e:syr.c., to 4sSure your Lordship "of the real and
Of My naval department with that of the
nothingincliditiitYC,9aleat
the views of Sir Willoughby Cottoii, and the public service,
who has kindly on many occasions made me acquainted \-,Zth iris
plan of operations; yesterday I despatched the Sp4zroivkawk to
take up a position to cover a bridge over caoat- River, near Hill,
which is within view of this l'„ic.toloB6- Whilst a particular ser-
vice is performing .
~
It mly apperrto your Lordship that severe measures IVri'c
but a sense of publi,
been .taken by the Commander-in-Chief of the FoTcei, as to the.
number of negrles who have expiated their crimes by the pu-
nishment of death, but I can assu--.,0 your Lordship that nettling
wnicit '7.7,s ablniutef,y decaisaiV. ' ..
..
Befoie 1 close this letter I May beg to, mc..AtiQo ta your Lord-
ship, that the'arriYal of the Race 41ok
duty could haze "occasioned that IteteaSa.
sc At thIS anchorage, and
the very active 46,,,
" ludicrous 'treasures taken by Commander
Williams; bad iilic,aoet or reSturing confidence to the town,
o.ftilly intended to burn it:
and, 312',1A, Vaiklit ;liimpiit sy, saved it from the attack by the
several rebAs'i'w
lie ialmed his seamen and marines, and took charan a, d.e, fending the ,„ ,
(he
greatest Colliidence to the inhabita:4S, '
I have the honour to be, olcc.
S' ) •he
FARQUHAR.
( ignc
His Excellency th I,
-."lit II the Earl of Belmore..
e ig on.
..,
...
passages into the town, wh,is4 gave

On 'Wednesday last a rtetidenAU ahserved a
0 ,
newrA-vender passing his house, iipl sent out a young girl
with itistructioßs trt Foeure hiin " a Scotsman." To
'lli' suTpige 9i le zeturned without one; and on being
asked the reason she replied with much simplicity, " I
didna ken a Scotchman frae an Englishman on tle
street !"--Scotsman.
