GEOGRAPHY AND ATLAS ON A NEW PLAN.
This day was published, a Second Edition, in royal lBmo.
price 3s. 6d. neatly bound and lettered, embellished
with numerous Engravings, illustrating Manners, Cus-
toms, and Curiosities,

RUDIMENTS of GEOGRAPHY, on a
New Plan, designed to assist the Memory by Com-
parison.and Classification.
By W. C. WOODBRIDGE,
The Geography is accompanied by an ATLAS, exhi-
biting, in connection with the Outlines of Countries, the
prevailing Religions, Forms of Government, degrees of
Civilization, the comparative size of Towns, Rivers, and
Mountains; and the Climates and Productions of the
Earth, in royal 4to. coloured, price Sc. half-bound.
This Atlas has been compiled from the best Authori-
ties, and contains all the late Discoveries of Parry, Wed-
dell, Denham, and Clapperton. But its principal claim
to attention is founded on the entire novelty of the plan :
each Map presents not only the Geographical Outlines of
Countries, but a series of numbers affixed to the Moun-
tains, Rivers, and Cities, which indicate their comparative
rank, and enables the Student, by reference to the Table of
Classification, to discover their actual magnitude. The
Isothermal Chart exhibits the Climate of diffiaent Regions,
as determined by Thermometrical Observation, with their
most important productions, and presents a striking illus-
tration of the diversity existing in the same Latitudes ac-
cording to the situation of Countries.
In the Moral and Political Chart, the outlines of each
country contain a number, showing its population, and
several emblems indicating its Government, Religion, and
State of Civilization, aneforms, in effect, a Moral Picture
of the World.

Printed f.r Whittaker, Treacher, and Co. Ave Maria-lane.

Of whom may be had,
A Complete SCHOOL CATALOGiig,

Mr. MACFA It LANE is, we understand, at pre-
sent occupied i❑ preparing and superintending the print-
ing a Second Edition, in octavo, of his interesting work,
" Constantinople in 1828," in which some very important
private communications of a Lite date, relative to the pre-
sent state of the Turkish capital, will, it is said, find a place.

We learn from Brussels that nearly all the low
grounds of Furness in the Nertherlands, are inundated.
The meadows present the appearance of a lake covered
with hay and other forage. One farmer alone has lo t
thirty cows.— Galignani's Messenger.

DETERMINED VORACITY OF HAWKS.-
A few days since, as a steam-packet was crossing from
Southampton to the Isle of Wight, a hawk was observed
chasing a sea gull, and after making several stoops at its
prey, it broke the wing of the unfortunate which
fell in the packet, whither it was followed by the hawk,
taut in vain, as the latter was driven off by the passengers.
The hawk then fled towar,ls the shore, and shortly after-
wards returned with two other hawks, and the three
birds tried to gain possession of the sea gull with such
perseverance, that two of them were taken by the paqsen-
gers, and the third made its escape.--, Cheltenham Chron.

From every quarter we receive accounts of the
iniury occasioned by the rising of the floods, which apprar
to be, both in depth and extent, absolutely unprecedented.
At Lewes two springs, which had never broken out be-
fore, rose suddenly a few eays ago in the Cliff, near the
'Wheatshcaf public-house, the lower rooms of which have
been filled with water. On Pcvensey Levels the mischief
done is incalculable. The land is under water to a depth
of several feet ; and on all sides the barley and oats have
been, as we anticipated last week would be the case, very
seriously injured. The water in a well on the grounds of
Mr. lattowicx, at Ilangleton, has risen within the last
few days no less than sixty feet. One farmer alone at
Pcven,ey has 400 acres uader water,..-Brietwe Gazette,

TuE STATE OF 'ERA CRt'Z, TO TILE INUABITANTs.
Fellow-citizens,—When, after numerous and
terrible convulsions, our political horizon began to
assume a serene aspect, and to afford us the presage
of many days of tranquillity and happiness, it was
natural, that, wearied with long suffering, our hearts
should give a ready reception to the consoling idea
of living in the bosom of our families, and tran-
quilly enjoying the invaluable gifts which the Su-
preme Author of all things has, with so bountiful a
hand, distributed to us. But how vain are all hu-
man plans for the future ! While such were our
anticipations, our implacable enemies, jealous of our
welfare—envious of the glorj of the Itepublic—
disappointed in their hope of governing us by in-
trigue, or of involving us in fresh difficulties, through
internal divisions—and, in fine, fearing that the
consolidation of an admirable system would he fol-
lowed by the striking and speedy downfall of their
crazy thrones, monuments of their oppression, and of
our disgrace—they have perfidiously decreed the
slavery of this fine country ; have put forth the last
effort of their expiring strength, are now approach-
ing our coast, on the chimerical project of re-con-
quering us.
" You cannot doubt it, fellow-countrymen, the
language of the purest truth flows from my lips.
This is net one of those despicable stratagems often
used by a perfidious Minister, who, perhaps, might
have an understanding with our enemies, to accus-
tom you to doubt, and make you be taken unpre-
pared at the time, when you ought to be most on
the alert. The official and questionable accounts
which have reached me, those obtained by the
supreme Government of the Federation through
different channels, and those received by various re-
spectable individuals, are certain, and liable to no
kind of doubts. They announce that the enemy's
vanguard, which is already ploughing the ocean,
amounts to 4,000 men, under the command of the
cowardly and sanguinary leader, Barradas, who is
now a Brigadier-General of the Spanish armies, and
who is to commence the attack upon us ;—that the

main body of the enemy's force, according to some
protected by a foreign Power, will sail from Spain
under the command of the Infitnte Don Francisco
de Paula, and will form a junction at the Havannah
with the troops already there, in order to co-operate
en a grand sca'e in the hostile attack, and to make
us bend our necks under the iron yoke of these bar-
barous tyrants.
"But how much are they deceived, my friends!
They believe that there are amongst us men so base
as to gladly aid their iniquitous plans. They reckon
on an imaginary party, which exists only in their in-
fatuated brains; and they are persuaded by their
own folly, that as soon as they present themselves
upon our coasts, thousands of Mexicans will hasten
to swell their ranks, and assist them in erecting an
atrocious throne, for the purpose of beholding
them bathe themselves at their leisure in the in-
nocent blood of our brethren, in order to be after-
wards decked with the fetters mid chains which
have, during nine years, been forging to bind us.
" Madmen ! you have to dread the moment when
you will be undeceived ! The Mexicans are
not the men to succumb to your impotent and
Machiavelian attempts! The struggle between
slaves and free-men cannot long remain doubtful.
Victory will be ours, or we will perish in asserting
our tights. Yes, I swear it. But I rely on your
determination and patriotism, and that you will all
co-operate towards the sacred object which I have
in view ; that you will readily obey the voice of the
just Government which presides over us; and that
you will forthwith prepare your arms to bury them
in those perfidious bosoms which at present are pal-
pitating with joy at the thought of the vengeance
they would inflict upon us, and wits are incapable of
conceiving any other ideas than those of slavery,
bloodshed, devastation, and death. The egotists
and the indifferent are not Mexietua, they are un-
worthy of the name, and do not deserve to exist in
the grand Anahuacan
" Thus have I briefly described to you the ene-
mies you have to combat : but you already know
them well. Our fields are still stained with the
blood of our fathers, relations, and friends. What
do I say ? The blood so often shed by them indi-
cates to us what we have to expect. Would you
be slaves? Would you lose the name of Mexicans,
and live in ignominy and disgrace ? Theu.unite
yourselves with them. Do
you wish to consolidate
your liberty to he happy, and to maintain the dig-
nity of free men ? Then do your duty. Let him
who would seek glory or death follow my footsteps.
The vanguard has been intru•tted to me, and from
this moment I am prepared for the contest. My
soul revolts against the torture which is preparing
for us, and I would rather live one single day en-
tirely free, in poverty, than in age, caressed and en-
riched, under the dominion of the best of tyrants.
This is my declaration,—this my final and irrevo-
cable decision. Can there he a Mexican who thinks
differently ? loo; such degradation cannot exist
in our breasts. Federation, liberty, independ-
ence, or death,' is our motto; and whoever may be
rash enough to attempt to tear from us those celes-
tial blessings, shall meet death at the point of our
swords.

" Venerated manes of Hidalgo, Allende, and
Morelos the cry of ' Liberty or death ' was first
sounded by you in the ears of the Mexicans.—
' Liberty or death-' your brethren repeat, and are
determined to obtain the one or the other. This
delightful cry is the sentiment of the whole of
North America. Your barbarous enemies wish to
give you the latter of the two alternatives, and to
deprive you of the formu: but they shall not suc-
ceed. If by generosity you have not already been
sufficiently avenged, now that they come into our
hands, you shall be satisfied. Death and extermi-
nation to those who come with arms in their hands
to tread upon our shores, and may the world, asto-
nished by the efforts of free men, learn to bless the
memory of our first martyrs.
" My friends, let the tyrants tremble at seeing
us united and prepared to die for our 'sacred right},
and with the decree of his destruction in our hands.
Finally, let him know that when a people has once

'WHEAT, English, White, per 701 b.
!led
------. Scotch, Welch, and Manx
Irish, White
fled 8 0 9 6
Foreign 9 6 It) 0
Wl's, English, Welsh, and Scotch, per 4511, 3 3 3 6
- Irish
- Foreign
13 titi.EY, English, Malting, per Imp. quarter 33 0 39 0
Scotch and Irish, per 60Ibs. ...
Feeding 4 6 5 2
BEANS, English, per I:nperial quarter 42 0 45 0
Irish, &c.
- Foreign
PEASE, English, per Imperial quarter 4O 0 43 0
- Foreign
FLOES, English, per 2Solb
Irish
OATMEAL, English and Irish, per 2101bs 2B 0 33 0
INDIAN CORN, per 4101 h.
11%-R, per Imperial quarter ll 0 36 0
MALT, per Imperial quarter
IMPORT Or GRAIN for the %WOK ending Sept. 21.
Wheat. Oats. Barley Flour. Oatmeal
Qrs. Qrs. Qrs. Foreign, Er:* Irish, &c. Scks. Loads.
3,594 2,1 W 8 31
,479 I 830 I 978

MELANCHOLY AND FATAL ACCIDENT.

One of the most painful circumstances we ever
recorded, and which has excited every where the
deepest regret, occurred at Knockhill, near Eccle-
fechan, betwixt the night of Monday and the morn-
ing of Tuesday, the 15th current. The present oc•
cupant of the mansion-house at Knockhill, is, com-
paratively speaking, a stranger in Annandale, having
arrived only a few weeks ago. His servants, how-
ever had been long in the place, and one of them, it
appears, had contracted an intimacy with a neigh-
bouring miller—a young man of the name of Thos.
Bell. Before the heads of the family arrived, access
to the servants was sufficiently easy, and though a
stricter discipline was adopted afterwards, the miller
on the unfortunate night alluded to, determined to
see his sweetheart at all hazards. With this view
he repaired to Knockhill at the hour of midnight,
and reached the lower story by squeezing his body
through the iron " staunchells," though they scarcely
seem wide enough to admit a cat. The footman's
apartment is right above the window by which the
other entered ; Tuesday was washing day, when
the maidens required to be early astir, and while en-
deavouring to keep himself awake over a book, that
he might rouse them, as he had promised, at the hour
appointed, he heard a noise and descended the stair to
ascertain the cause. By this time the noise had ceased,
and though he searched everywhere, he found
all right. Again he returned to his room and con-
flatted reading till near the hour of one. lie then
went down stairs a second time, and when near',
the bottom was astonished to see a man running
quickly into the laundry without either coat, hat, or
shoes. The footman followed, traced the intruder
to a closet of the apartment just named, and then
called on him, as he valued his personal safety, to
state who he was, and what he wanted. To this
question he received no answer, and his suspicions
of the man's intentions were increased when he
found the closet-door made fast from within. As
it was possible the man might have confederates, he
proceeded to awaken a fellow-servant and another
person, a bell-hanger, who happened to be sleeping
in the house at the time. His next care was to
procure his master's gun, (loaded with small shot),
and armed with it, and followed by his companions,
he repaired a second time to the laundry. The
closet-door was now unfastened,and on pushing it ajar
he beheld the same person making his way through the
window—a task of great difficulty from the closeness
of the bars. Again he called on the intruder to give
his name, and explain what he was doing in such a
place, at such an hour, adding emphatically,
" Speak, or I'll fire !" Still no answer was re-
turned, a most unfortunate circumstance, for in
a moment the fatal trigger was touched and
drawn, and the unfortunate youth mortally wounded.
Almost simultaneously with the report of the musket,
he dropped from the window, feebly exclaiming,
" Oh, the lasses," and in less than three t;inutes
was a lifeless corpse. The scene that followed was
heart-rending in the extreme. The deceased was
far above the character of a robber, and his errand
to Knockhill, was to visit a girl to whom he was at-
tached, and about to be married; and though be ha',l4
chosen a most unsuitable hour, and w;s farther
blameable in concealing his name 4 consternation was
depleted in every cmlntenance, when the real cir-
cumstances of the case were ascertained, and the
full extent of the calamity discovered. The feelings
of the girl it is impossible to dcae-eibe ; but altoge-
ther it was most affecting to see those who were
so soon to be united in matrimony—the one a life-
less corpse, and the other, so long as consciousness
remained, betiding over the bleeding body, and
bathing it with her tears. The Sheriff has investi-
gated the case fully, and all that can be said at pre-:
sent is, tialt the event was rwest unfortnate, .and
‘l
will remind some of our re.i:rs, from the near
neighbourhood of the locality and other circum-
stances(iit
ion ort.. f the
Fair beautiful eua teliefnu lo
fbaKl lailleV4evrt,dlettnAtirnaz..-
fries Courier,

covering ; but fatigue is our's, and we sloe')
well as if'on beds of down. A shirt and Lk
trowsers form our dress. I have learned to rnp,
to shear sheep, to fell timber, to burn it off--in
short, I can do almost all laborious work. _
Thus, my kind, much-respected Sir, I have
given you a slight sketch of my life. lam u‘nst
miserable and disappointed. I know my sen-
tence, although severe, is just ; yet I ‘;',.as in
hopes that my occupation would have been mere

suitable to my abilities. Is it, I ask, no punish-
ment to be thus sent seventeen thousand miles
from my native country ? Gracious God ! could
the rising youth but have a single glance oF the
prisoner in New South Wales, they would surely
shun the temptation to crime. The slightest
offence provokes flogging ; insolence is the grand
bug-bear in the colony ; for this I have seen
some men sent to au iron-gang, to wolk in
chains, and he hali•famished, or tied up to re-
ceive the ignominious punishment of 50 or 75
lashes. Shame on the name of Englishmen
A man, who calls himself a settler, first imposes
upon his slaves and goads them on to speak,
and then drags them before a magistrate to be
lashed and tortured for insolence ! It is useless
to murmur, for complaint is crime in this dread-

ful spot. A master up the country is a petkx
King, and the spirit in which he exercises
his slave
e i'eel a
is
tenfold degradation here ; we feel that we arc
truly,st
o diabolic
all.
to paltry tyrants, who seem as if they were
(f. ,\I
born to add to the stings and tortures of a
power
wretcher s diiaL I
m is taxed.
wretched criminal. It is this feeling which leads
to that apathy complained of amongst servants.
If a Government servant sees his master's pro.
perty going to ruin, it is ten to one that he
passes on and takes no notice : he argues that it
is no interest of his, and thus the settler, by not
studying his men's interest, forgets his own.
The men receive no wages, and not sufficient
clothing. True, the authorities w'Ail say, < Why
do you not complain to us and it shah he re-
medied ;' but do you 01;14: that many will or
dare complain, when they know the authorities
will support the settler, and that the master is
sure to take his revenge Tea, sugar, and to.
baceo, are called indulgences, and rest \vitt) the
discretion of the master, who selhnt forgets to
a
use his power like a giant. With respect to
liberty, it is a thing that few now get, possession
of; a Lifer must. serve eight years with one
master, ten years with twQ,nd one year addi-
tional for every additioAal master, Thc, of
bitterness comes oyez my face whilst I write this ;
may God en4b:te me to overcome this sensation.
Why is man debarred all chance of liberty whose
conduct may be irreproachable ? Much of the
misery and crime committed by convicts may be
attributed to the alaMst total extinction of their
hopes of liberty, As to myself, I once thought
of a mitintlan, but all hopes are gone ; I am
like a piece of mechanism ; my spirit is so much
broken by disappointments, and hardships, that I
feel a dreadful spirit of indifference creep upon
me—my life appears a blank, and futurity is my
only source of expectation. One step alone ap-
pears before me ; I shall consider of it twelve
months, and then matte my election,"
The unhappy writer of this letter is, as our
readers must perceive, a man not devoid of edu-
cation. He is young, and happened to fall into
the snares of another Mthvood, who first .pr,_
vailed upon him to commit petty robbe:;ies upon
his employers, and then threat„ed to infom,
them if he did not comb-in:L. to administer to he
necessities and prodigality
lie was detected, and the ino-
mnt his good fortune deserted
r'tetilnohriem
xiitiesn s(iiyee
depredations; .
stroyer sneered at and abandoned him.
The system, as described by him, is known
to those who are in the habit of receiving com-
munications from the most impartial and dis-
passionate correspondents, to be not in the
slightest degree overdrawn.
