LICHFIELD, DEe 12.

On Monday the nomination for this city took place in
the Town-hall. General Sir George Anson was proposed
by the Rev. Dr. Harwood, and seconded by R. Hinckley,
Esq. ; the Rev. T. Levett and the Rev. T B. Floyer
proposed and seconded Sir E. D. Scott ; F. Finch, Esq.,
was proposed and seconded by Mr. Alderman Stripling
and C. Simpson Esq., the Town Clerk. Speeches were
limos ilia ~ull., sun- acc-raSec Gentlemen. C... D.
Scott and F. Finch, Esq. R. Hinckley, E,q., demanded
a poll on behalf of Sir G. Anson. The poll commenced
on Monday. At the conclusion of the day the num-
bers were—

Sir E. D. Scott. 489
General Sir George Anson 364
Francis Finch, Esq 166
Oa the following morning Mr. Finch resigned, the
final numbers heing—
sir D. Scott 497
General Sir George Anson 373
Francis Finch, Esq 197
The two former were, of course, declared to he duly
returned, and were chaired from the hustings. No praise
can be too great for the conduct of Mr. Finch. Although
brought forward by a party that relied solely upon ex-
citing popular feeling in his behalf, he has, in every in-
stance, checked its improper exhibition. His defeat has
obtained for him the sympathy of his opponents.

STAMFORD, DEC. 12.
The contest for this borough terminated this morning
by the resignation of the popular candidate in the Inde-
pendent interest (Mr. Gregory), a majority of 167 ap-
pearing on the poll of Tuesday night, and his Committee
considering it inexpedient to sacrifice the spirited voters
unpolled by him, tenants of the Marquis of Exeter, and
who could not have turned the scale. Stamford is there-
fore again become a nomination borough, and nothing but
the ballot can redeem it from ignominious political slavery.
After the chairing of the successful candidates, Colonel
Chaplin and Mr. Finch, nearly the whole body of the
inhabitants of the town, male and female, assembled by
thousands, and accompanied Mr. Gregory in pro-
cess:on through every part of the town. The utmost
excitement prevailed, and tears were shed by hundreds
of persons at the unexpected and mournful result of the
arduous struggles of the public-spirited electors of this town.
Mr. Gregory, Mr. Parkes, and Mr. Newcombe addressed
the assembled multitude on the necessity of the ballot or
disfranchisement. Mr. Newcomb, the intel igent con-
ductor of the Lincoln Mercury, avowed his late but re-
luctant conversion to the ballot ; and the Election Com-
mittee of Mr. Gregory determined to publish to the whole
country, and represent to Parliament the persecutions and
corruption practised against this ill-fated constituency.
The secret application of money greatly varied the poll,
and upwards of 70 promised votes to the blue or inde-
pendent party were on Monday won over to the side of
their antagonists. Mr. Gregory in the morning commu-
nicated his resignation by the following address :
TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS AND PEOPLE
OF THE BOROUGH OF STAMFORD,
AND PARISH OF ST. MARTIN, STAMFORD BARON.
FRIENDS AND FELLOW-COUNTRYMEN I
It is my painful duty to communicate to you the unsuccess-
ful result of our exertions to accomplish the partial emanci-
pation of the Elective Franchise of this Borough from the Un-
rceotriusrtni tiuntgi oRn
eapl
raens
ednCt
aotri rvueps t
tuos ut rhpea t
ei oonmomf
ot
HouseNationalo
fßPigahrltiaof-
nifd lobdliid-
nmoetnatc;k
acknowledge
dsgheouwldithbeluienawrtoferltthygroaftiytuoduer gtohoedhoopnionuiorrai
gation of your generous support.
ELECTORS OF STANFORD?

We have been vanquished in this contest, but the disgrace
is not on vs; it rests on those who in their BROKEN PRO.
MISES shamefully deceived us,—and on those who by every
species of intimidation and corrupt influence have prevented
their unhappy and servile followers from "doing as they like
with their own."

The persecutions visited upon the ELECTORS of STAM-
FORD, since your contests for the return of Mr. TENNYSON,
aided by other and notorious influences,—have now rendered
the Representation of STAMFORD the private property of the
MARQUIS of EXETER and a self.elected CORPORATION.
The BALLOT can alone rescue you from the " House of
Bondage."
ELECTORS OF STAMFORD !

Your Bondage will be but temporary. A REFORMED
PARLIAMENT will insure your early deliverance; and if
the struggles for your Freedom advance, as they assuredly will,
the Liberties of your Country, by securing Purity and Freedom
of Election, we shall be amply consoled for our temporary de-
feat—as
will lfle
awiellt you willing
ff sacrifice to the National interest,
ELECTORS OF
STA WORD !
at the Crown Inn this afternoon, at 3
o'clock, Co take my leave of you, and publicly to express
my gratitude for your gallant and noble exertions in my
behalf. I am, Gentlemen,
Your grateful and devoted Servant,
ARTHUR FRANCIS GREGORY.
Stamford, Dec. 12, 1832.

BOLTON.
The election of the two Members to serve in the en-
aling Parliament for this borough commenced this diy
'Tuesday) before the Returning,fficas, Messrs. Barrow

and Walwoi k, the Boroughreeves of Great aad Little Bolton.
After the usual preliminaries had been gone through, the
following candidates were severally put in nomination..
Mr. John Ashton Yates, a merchant of Liverpool, a Re-
former ; Colonel Torrens ; Mr. Bolling, a manufacturer
of considerable wealth, resident in the borough, and a
stanch Conservative; and a Mr. Engle, a barrister, of
Radical notoriety. The candidates addressed the meeting,
and were pretty equally received, though the enthusiastic
reception of the Radical candidate, Mr. Eagle, by far sur-
passed that of the others. Of the result the general im-
pression is, that Colonel Torrens will be at the heal of the
poll, and the struggle will be a very close one between Mr.
Yates and Mr. Bolling.
