RECORDER'S REPORT.

On Monday the Recorder of London made his Report
to his Majesty at Windsor, of the following prisoners, who
were capitally convicted at the last September Sessions, at
the Ohl Bailey—viz. George Jefferson, 20 ; Elizabeth
Patterson, 42 ; William Jones, 19 ; and Mary Roy, 28 ;
for stealing La a dwelling-house. John alias Michael
Maghan, 52, for uttering counterfeit coin. Henry
purge,s, 15 ; Peter Fenn, 55, for forgery. James Har-
pure, 22'; Jellies Thompson, 23; William Farrow, :18 ;
William Cox, 20; Samuel. Hilder, 25 ; William Rowley,
45 ; Joseph Kingston, 22 ; and Charles Styring, 21 ; for
housebreaking. Thomas Biggins, 54, and James Mayden,
49, for cutting and maiming. Frederick Holloway, 38,
and James Collins, 25, for horse stealing. Samuel Simp-
son, 40, for cattle stealing. Martin Menet, 19, and
James Farthing, 19, for eodomy. William Butler, 16,
and Jeremiah Leary, 31, for highway robbery.
When his Majesty was graciously pleased to command
-that all the above-named convicts should be respited during
4his Majesty's pleasure, excepting Peter Fenn, Thomas
Higgins, and James Harpure, upon whom the law is left
to take its course, and they are ordered to be executed on
lloriday'next. - The consideration of the case of Meliett
and Farthing is -poatponsd.

The prevailing taste for some time past has been
for scenes of high lit:. and details of fashionable manners'
although it is very questionable how far these are adapted
far imaginative writing. The author of Waverley did not
search Bond-street and the Argyll Rooms for the materials
to forin the groundwork of his most delightful tales
; the
more he sought after simple, lowly, "a primitive
man-
nets, the more successful he has been in amusing, elevat-
ing, and instructing his readers. The fortheotning Tales
of Af My GRANDFATHER'S FARM, or PICTURES Of RURAL
LIFE," are reported to be of this latter description—con-
taining delineations of Scottish rural life as it actually
exists, with no bustle of incident or exaggeration of senti-
anent, but possessing a simplicity of diction, and a depth
-and purity of thought and feeling, which are quite congenial
with the subject.

On Friday last a general commission-house,
doing imeiness to a considerable extent, chiefly in power-
loom and printed goods, stopped payment. There have
been one or two small failures in the course of this week.
All the preEent failures are resui'i,s of the incumurance.. of
1826.—Glasgow Chronicle.

Yesterday afternoon an inquest was held be-
fore J. W. UN WIN, Eqq., at the Cock and Lion Tavern,
Lower East Smithfield, on view, of the remains of Mr.
ALLEN JOHNSTON, a Scotch gentlernan, and late a pas-
senger on board the Superb, a Leith smack, who,, while
the vessel Was plying off Harwich, committed suicide.—
After the Jury had viewed the norpse, which lay at an ad-
joining wharf, the following was the sullstar 7e of the evi-
dence laid before them -.---From the concurrent testimony
of Join; JEBENSON, 1 native of Linlithgow, and a fellow-
passenger ; GEottoß MaitsitALL, die Master of the Superb,
and WILLIAM JOHNSTON, the deceased's brother; it ap-
peared that he was an inhabitant of Stirling, in North
Britain, and that he had embarked oe board the Superb,
,
for the purpose of being conveyed to London. At three
o'clock on. the morning of Sunday last, while the vessel
was lying at anchor off Harwich, La suddenly came on
deck, and flung himself. over the side of the vessel, in
sight of some of the crew. A boat was instantly lowered,
sad after the lapse of a quarter of an hour, the decea,,:p.
body was recovered and brought on board. Every pra;
Iticable measure was resorted to to ceo.o-
re animation, but
all their efforw proved frnitlesi, and there beg no inter_
mediate place to /and the body, they brought it to tocelou.
The Master gave it zs his decided opinion, that the de- ,
ceased had committed sr.kcide, and that when he did so he
74-as in an unsound state.of ir,..forl, as, to use his own ex-
pressions, " for some days before Az used to talk a great
deal of nonsense." The Jury feeling .satisfied with this
testimony, returned A s'ardict of " Suicide, ,;,-mmitted
while insane."

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 26, 1328,

The Sun of this day contains a long report
of two interesting, and at this particular crisis,
very important meetings which took place last
night at Leicester. The lateness of the how
prevents our doing more than pointing attention
to the report, which will well repay perusal.

Yesterday a very numerous meeting, and not
more numerous than respectable, took place at
the London Tavern in aid of the Spanish and
Italian Refugees, whose cause we have re-
peatedly had the melancholy satisfaction of im
pressing upon public attention. Next to their
o',lri individual distress, we know of nothing
which appeals more eloquently to the best
feelings of Englishmen than the forlorn con-
dition of men who have sacrificed all but
their honour in the patriotic cause of liberty.
And proudly for our national character, was the
mute appeal of those chivalrous sufferers met by'
the generosity 'of the British public. The Lord
Mayor, much to his honour, exerted his influence
upon this interesting occasion with not less
earnestness than effect. His Lordship presided
at the meeting, and spoke in a style of touch-
ing, because natural, eloquence, which produced
the most lively impression. Mr. DENMAN too,
and Dr. LUSHINGTON, addressed the meet-
ing in a strain always, dear to English feeling,
because it unlocks the fountains of sympathy in
favour of fellow-men, who.have proved their de-
votion to freedom by the greatest of all sacrifices
—the loss of their country. ,
Greatly as the bounty of last night must go
to relieve the condition, and it is truly deplo-
rable, of those brave men and their helpless fa-
milies, we earnestly hope that it is but the pre-
cursor of numerous others throughout the country
—for Englishmen should recollect that those
noble and brave Rerugees have paid them the
highest compliment by seeking their protection.

The Gazette, de France of Monday says,
,upon the authority of letters from Frankfort, that
Silistria had not surrendered—or, at least; that
there was no confirmation of the .original report,
but that the news was generally believed in
that city, However, a post'cript to the same letter
observes, th,ll ." A courier who passed through
this city brings the news that Silistria was taken
on the 26th, by the Russia commanded by
Gener4 SCHERBATOFF, after three assaults.
The loss of the Russians was very considerable,
but the whole 'ruttish garrison perished." We'
have little doubt if Silistria not fallen that it
soon will, for the reinforcements if;•otn before
Shumla must give the besieging army a great
advanuge.
The last accounts from Gibraltar, received at
Paris, Atlte, that a very sensible decrease in the
number of thi sick had taken place.
The Courier Fraafais says that Don Mi-
GUEL has applied to the King 9f BAVARIA for
the hand of one of the Princesses of his
but that the question being referred to the Ern,
peror of AUSTRIA, Ar gRSWer was returned that
negotiations were on foot ruching Don MI-
GUEL'S marriage with Donna illk,F.qA. We
think, if the Log accident has not spoiled. Don
MIGUEL'S dancing; that he will think better of
his proposed .marriage tiny time lie gets over
his confinement.

Boston Papers to the sth inst. have been re-
ceived at the North aiid South American Coffee-
house ; they contain no news of any importance,
and are nearly full of electioneering squabbles for
the Presidency of the United States.
Papers from Valparaiso, under date of the sth
July, mention that in Peru, all citizens between
15 and 50 years of age were required to enroll
themselves for military service within eight days.

BDPVIA. —General Fernandez, Governer of Pae, at-
tempted to effect a revolt against General Gamacra: hut
so far from succeeding, a company of his own Grenadiers
went over to the latter, who has acquired great popularity
in Upper Peru,ty his liberality and moderation.

Gerrnau Papers of the 19th November iiave
been received ties morning, but they do not con-
twin any news of a positive mature. They were
anxioudy waiting at Vienna to learn what effect
the fall of Varna would have on the ihiLTAN
and his people. it seems that lotteries have be-
Come as unpopular in Germany as in England,
for it was formerly quite the rage to dispose of
estates:by lotteries, but now the practice is dis-
continued, no doubt for want of gusto Lens,
These Papers do not mention the capture of
Silistria, though ~ the Journal of the preceding
day announced the circumstance as on official
authority.

vit 01A, Nev. 14.—.31etalliques, 95 ; Bank
Share', 10134.4--Allgemeine Zeitung, Nov. 19.

Vera Cruz Papers the • the Ist of Oct. have
ers
t_le Mexican p ac ket,
been rePeived by. I from which
it
appears that considerable confusion
Q. 4341 ex-
citement existed in that country in conseqiience
of Gen. SANTA ANNA, Aainst whom a pro-
secution had commenced under ai,' ~
,accusation of
robbing the )military chest, having ;41,ced
a part of thesthbatt4rin, a sqtiadron of elava ,
- —iry,
and another of :Artillery, to revolt. 14
—e pro-
ceeded with this force
,to ,tflo strong fort
of Perote, the garrison;: ,of whigti * per-
suaded to join him. Much anarohiy a,uSt
configion existed in the various Provinces,
The officqs commanding the different regiments
had found it nese,sstary to address the soldiers,
stimulating tliem to stiport Government and
defeat SANTA ,ANNA,I.VrIO.iS S?.id Ohave under
his command a body of 60.0.m.en.; ot!bxr.,socounts
, say 6,000. Genecal RENCON was assenitxlinrs
troops, and it was hoped he would be enabled

to put an end very shortly to the traitorous con-
duct of General SANTA ANNA, who espouses
the cause of GUERRERERO, the unsuccessful
candidate for the Presidency. The latter, it
was expected, would be the Vice-President,
but little benefit could be expected from the
union of such discordant materials as the new
President and his rival GUERRERO. The tenor of
the communication is altogether strongly indica-
tive of symptoms of a civil war in that country.
The fort of Perote cuts off the communication
between the city of Mexico and Vera Cruz. It
is nearly a equal distance from each of these
places, and is said to be very strong.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

. .
, •
DIAL, Nov. 25.—Wind S.W.—Arrived froin London,
the Juno, Lett, for Alicant; Unicorn, Gordon, for St.
Vincent's; and Faith, Willett, for Rio Janeiro.

FALMOUTH, Nov. 24.—Wind S.S.W.—Arrived the
Zephyr packet, front Tampico, sailed the 19th of Sept.,
Vera Cruz the Ist of Oct., and Havannall the 20th. Ar-
rived off he Lizard, the Lord Wellington, Roche, for the
River. • .

Dovip., Nov. 25.—Arrived the Minerva, Carrick, fro►n
-•- _ •

iiiiramichi.

PorrrsmouTir, Nov. 25.—Wind S.S.W. fine.—Ar-
r"ved the Corinth:an, Chadwick, from New York ; and
Ilorn, Meyer, from St. Thomas's.

Wov. 25.—Arrived the Speculation, Coalter,
from Demerara; and Kent, Beverly, from St. John's, N. B.
Hoi.--.-nr.An, Nov. 24.—Arrived the Bond!, —, from

Demerara.

ABERDEEN, Nov. 23.—Arrived the Waterloo, Morri-
son, from Oporto.

Hutt., Nov. 25.—The Themas and Mary, Dale, from
Riga to Newcastle, which was driven on shore on Born-
holm, has been got off with trifling damage, and carried
into Ronne.

AHERDEEN, Nov. 23.—The Tinker; Tosh, from Riga
to Dundee, arrived bore 2lst inst., took the ground on the
north bank of the channel coming into harbour, but was
got off apparently without any damage.
KiNsAtx, Nov. 20.—The Wanderer, fate Wilson, from
Sierra Leone, was stranded yesterday in going out of har-
bour, but was assisted off this morning, she must discharge.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 24.—The Moro Castle, from Africa,
sailed yesterday, and has put back, having run foul of the
Elizabeth, Cornelia, from Rotterdam, which received con-
siderable da.mage. The wreck of the Beaufort Castle
was boarded on the 28th ult. in lat. 31. long. 32. by the
Meg Merrilies, arrived from Africa.
ST. J OHN's, N. 8., OCT. 25.—A number of ship mate-
rials, boat, medicine chest, &c. have been picked up near
Briers Island. A receipt for the payment of light money
was also found, dated Cove of Cork, and drawn in favour
of a vessel, named Caledonian, Osborne, master.

The Ninion, Cowles, from Glasgow to St. Petersburgh,
ran on shore on Gosland the Ist inst., but was got off, and
carried into Klinto Harbour, where she will winter.
The Marquis Camden (Company's ship) left St. Helena
the 20th of May, and arrived at Bombay the 14th of July.
The Edinburgh left Bombay, for China, the 14th of July.
The Duchess'of Athol, Abercrombie, Robinson, and Mar-
quis Camden, were expected to follow about the end of the
month.

THE FUNDS.--(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TivErxß o' CLocr.

The near approach of the account day (to-morrow) has
confined the principal business to making up accounts.
Consols opened at 86-i, and the only variation that has
taken place is from buyers to sellers at this rate; at pre-
cent they are the latter, and 864, sellers. forJantiary. India
Bonds and Exchequer Bills late in the evening of yesterday
improved, and this morning they made a further advance,
the former to 66 pro., and the latter to 63 5 pm.
The only business done in the Foreign Funds has been
in Mexican Bonds, which have been much depressed, from
the very unfavourable accounts received, per the packet, of
the state of the country ; it appears the whole of the pro-
vinces are the sphject of insurrection and violent excitement,
and General St. Anna, a man of some ability, opposed to
the present Government, Ims traitorously seized the strong
Fort of Perote, and seduced the garrison from their duty
to join his views ; the stock, from these causes, has fallen
fell to 314, and is now 32 4; Brazilian Bonds are 60,- 3 ;
Portuguese, 534 4 ; Russian, 941 5.
In • Shares, Bolanos, which were reduced to 90 pm. in
the course of yesterday, have, from the favourable accounts
received per the Mexican packet, got up to 140 50 ; Bra-
zilian 1.2 4 pm..; and Real Del Monte, 250 30 (Hs.

Three per Cent.. Comols, 864 a ; Ditto, for the Ac-
count, 864 t, India Stock, /4D ; Bank • Stock, 207 8 ;
India Bonds, 60 pm. ; Exchequer Bills, 63 5 pm.
konEtcx. —Brazilian, 621 3 ; Buenos Ayres, 47 9;
Cbilian, 26 7 ; Colombian, 21 I ; Danish, 62 ;
Frget, Five per Cent. 105 6 ; Three per Cent. '74 5 ;
Greek, yi; Mexican, Five per Cent., 26 '7; Ditto,
Six per Cent., 34 ; Peruvian, 174 181 ; Portuguese,
531 4 ; Russian, 941 6 ; Wpronish? 101
-
—Anglo Mexicln, ; Brazilian, 42 44.
; Bolanos, 140 50 pm. ; Colombian, 'l2 11 dis.;
Real Del -10.0te, 250 23Q dis.: Tlalpuxabua, 20 per
share ; IWO Me%;.:Pl3, 2311, 21 dis.

TWO O'CLOCK.
Consols are steady at Sell tJe the Contango is
three-eighths per cent., with few ti-4.l.44,ptipqs.

Consols, 861 f.

THREE O'ChQ,C,K.

LAW INTELLJGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

COURT OF CHAIICrRY.

ELAKEMORE V. CLAMORGANSITIRE CANAL IX/WANT.

. .
Several motions in this cause stood by appointment for
this morning. One notice was on behalf of the plaintiff,
for a Asykestration to issue against the defendants fur a'
breach of injunAtiev granted by 'Lord Eldon in August,
1824, and that Mr. Reek* might stand committed to the
Fleet ; another, to have the iolugcqou extended to the
whole canal ; another, on behalf of the defe;„4Ktl3, to dis-
zakre an injunction granted in July last ; another, so
vine an itiping.tion against the plaintiff; and another, to
vary the. minute: Aerpin issues lately directed to be tried
in the Court of Common' Idea',) y the present Lord Chan-
cellor.

Messrs. PEPYS, BICKERSTETII,WAKEWIELO,
app.:4l4 for the plaintiff, and opened the argurnanis
bringing fiawayd the first notice of motion.
Messrs. HoltHa, Au!-3 DEN, and KNIGHT, were for the
defendants.

TIIE MARKETS.-(THIS DA:Y;)
CORN EXCHANGE.

'the arr.LvatsSi rr,gliels Grain and Flour are small, but
there is anctli good 4iiiantity of Irish Oats and Foreign
Wheat. The buyers to-ibrir tittle disposition to
purchase Wheat, which is held at the .aK,g terms as on
Monday, with little doing in the trade. Barley; Uegq, and
Pease, are each dull in sale, at no alteration from 4
1t
Good Oats fully maintain the terms of
Moßstaii, Ys4lt other sorts meet sale with difficulty. The
Flour trade coi-gipke? very dull at Monday's quotations.

Wheat.
English
Irish
ro, eigii

L,lyi_LS....
1 Harti.y, i gals. Flour.
2,500 qrs. 60.11.4 Ars
.!! 1.00 gacks.
16,45 us
.
1,900 .
—.—.

1,100

Liastf, -LTA RKET, BILLINGSG ATE

The arrivals of nai; 4.4; morning were confined to a few
sorts; Turbpts, Cod, ancri-eibi,4;:to, were most plentiful,
chiefly from Scotland, Isle of Man: ...it7114 All 2 Iricth coast.
?;he market was numerously attended, and sash '4710 znt
off tl/4-Wv, The following were the prices:—
Prime Turigt.t, each lBs. N. to 21e. 041.
Ditto small, pei iia 4... 5 0 10 0
Cod-fish, each • 2 0 13 6
••
Soles,er three pairs .. 4 0 8 0
Fine Whitings, per 15 ,,r,-7.-!;"*. I 6 7 °
State, each
.9 5 0
Fia,icocks per dozen 6 0 go 0
444, *act; , , 2 0 8 * i
04.roiltts, c:9::th .
Fresi r,, 4.
' ""44n,_g' i,e;,l 119,ted
Live Flounmer" . ".
- ''.
00 4 0
Live Eels bur 'el 944;;"e''''' '''..--"'-'' ***** 2 6 5 o
Sprats, per bush .1
- ' - • .. *!.!' , .. '
Fine Fine
.4::
tpheßr
Red Herrings,
Fine Lobsters, [e score , ....~..
Joferior ditto -'er '-- . „ t 0 0 '6
0 0 1.4 9
00 3 6
Shrimps, per gallon...
Hertings, per hundred 6 0 8 0
2 , 6 0 0
gooteh ditto
0 5 0
ited Herrings, per 100 0 0 6 6
•fC444glotli oysters, per bushel 8 0 12 0
Xi tiVei o,ft P.,. • ' ''' ''` ;.' •'''• • • ° ******** 3O 0 34 0

MEE‘TING OF THE FRIENDS Of CIVIL
AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY
AT LEICESTER YESTERDAY.

Two public dinners were held yesterday P t Leictster,
each having in view the same o:tiect, that of promoting the
cause of civil and religions liherty. The one was held. at
the Fleur de Lis, and the other'at the Bell Inn. The former
Was a meetilg of tie Mechanics and Artisans, and as it had

the priority of the other by •two or three hour .% we will
here give it the precedence. .

The company, consisting of rather glove than a bend:lA,
sat down to dinner soon after two o'cleek. Ilh. Jecesoer
in the Chair. As soon as the cloth was removed the bush.
. ness of the day commenced.
The CHAIRMAN said that they had then met for the
purpose of uniting all friends for the promotion of the great
cause of civil and religious liberty, and in his opinien they
could not promote that cause better than by-agreeing to en
Address; or rather to Addreeees, to those persons who moved
in a higher sphere than themeelveS, and whore exertions.
would be therefore better - calculated to ensure. succese.;--a
(Cheers.)—The preens to whom lie alluded had done their
duty, and it was now for the meeting riot tp be negligent of
that which it had to perfoem. A Gehtlentan present would
propose to them an Address, to be delivered to their able
Reprerentreive in Patliament, Mr. Otway Ceve,—(Cheers)
—and -if it met their approbation a deputation should be
sent to know his pleasure as to when lie coeld feJ.eive it.
,--(Cheers.)
Air. &eat then rose to propose the Address. If ever,
he said, there wee a pre!od more imperative then another
fur a union of the friends of civil and religions liberty that
period was now.,-(Cheere,)-a=He would 'ask any man why
had taken the trouble t turn over the pages of history,
and to think upon th,e eventeltvhich had preceded the de-
cline and fall of empires, whether he could not dheover,
in the prevent aspect of affdrs in this country, that a ghee:
and awful change must, ere lone', tile piece. All alines
portended an approaching revolution, and few men could
divine by aviticipafon what might be the consequences.
The country wee howed doWn with an eneemous debt, and
a most prothrte expenditaee—it was also divided by' re-
ligioes rancour, which rreged with the gee: test fury, and
to en exteat seldom heeetoforewitneesed. With all these
evils, however, to contend with, it must be gratifying to
the friends' of the horough of Leicester to' know that they
have a reeze-entative who has proved himself the real ad-
vente of the rights of the people and the faithful guardian
of the purees of his constituents.—(Tremendous cheering.)
—He acted nobly in exposing and preventing the job rela-
tive to the proposed gaol, which must have robbed the in-
hebitares of Leicester of thousande.e--(Much cheering.)—
He 'hid saved them flora the cruel :angs of es mercileee
junto as ever disgraced any town in England.—(Greae
cheering.)—ln allusion to the different contending pretiee
in matters of religion, he could not help asking himself the
queetion " Who are the patties who have excited all this
religious rancour? Who are they who are exerting themselves
to create an opposition te the Cetholics ?" The answer must
be this—they were the Boeceiglrnongers. They were the
enemies of Protestants as well as Cr were the
oppenrs of all reform of the ehtrees of Government, and
they hail proved that their oppetitioa eprang not from re-
ligious feelings, but from a love of temeoealities, which are
attached to the Estaidiehed Ceueeh.—(Chee;s.)—The in-
habitants of Leicester:, however, should exert themselves
to defeet the machinations of their enemies. While he re-
gretted that such should be the me; he would- ;Ilea admit
that manyhonest end well eneening individuals were opposed
to the Catholic claims; but as the friends of Civil and Reli-
gious Liteety were better informed upon that subject, they
should endeavour, ina clear and forcible master, to diepel
those preielices thorn the minds of feease who were conscien-
tiously beund by them.—(Cheers.)-2ubecqueni to the
last election be had himself been charged with a wish to
introduce Popish superstitions into the country. His
reply was, that he believed three miEht he as much of
superstition in the Proteetant as in the Cethelic faith, and
when it was alleged that the dark agee, as they were
called, were the r•sult of Popery, he replied, that in those
?gee he never heard of a man who bore the degrading
n,-me of pauper.—(lmmerse cheering-.)—Mr. Seale then
proceeded to contrast their present condition in that town
with that of theirancestors during the time the Catholic
[ religion was dominant in this country. He asked
them to exit-nine who those were thrt endeavoured
'to excite them to enmity against the Catholics.—
(Hear, hear. )—Were they not on all ecceshms the supporters
of the murderous corn 1aw5,...-(great cheering),.-emur-
derma he would call them ; for if the law robbed a man
of the means of existence, so that a premeture death should
be occasioned, it was nothing less than murder. (Cheers.)
He was aware that he was speaking in strong language,
hot he was a family-man, and had six children to main-
twin, and he felt, as he • doubted not all persons then pre-
sent felt who had to support a family by the sweat of their
I,row. He would ask :the meeting to follow him with
their ere to the north part of the town. There was an
old abbey there which had formerly been the residence of
monks ; it had large re-tenues, but out of thoso revenues
the poor • were fed, clothed, and relieved.—(Cheers.)—
There were no paupers then,—(Great cheering. )—lf they
looked to the south of the town they would find, instead
of an hospital, a gaol.—(Cheers.)—Let them remember
that al! those numerous institutions in ether parts of the
town were established by their Catholic ancestors.—
(Clieers.)—Still farther south they would SO that infer-
nal Beetile.—(Great cheering.)—look, then—look at all
there things—eome 'he zeselte of Catholic benevolence,
and others the works of the opponents of the Cetholics,
and where was the man, he woidd ask, who, considering
these things, m eld-stair find it in his heart to (ippon the
claims of their cetholic brethren on the ground of their
religious opinions ?.--(Great applause.).-..-He felt assured
that while the House of Commons is eon:tit:fled as it is rt
present, their miseries wrmld never be abated, however
able might be their 'Repreeeitative. He would not tinst
to anything but a real and radical reform.—(Great cheer-
ing,)—He held in lure bard the extract of a speech made
by Lord -Littleton in the yeer 1'7'79, upon a motion made
by Mr. Sandys for the eeclusion of placemea from that ,
ifoue'e. He would read it to the meeting ; it. ran as
follows :

" this 'loess is fill! of independent gentle-
men, or of such placeann only whose plarzs are not so
mush the best of their pr..-perty, that. they cannot risk the
I,,Ya of tliem. without a of martyrdom; who have
t,onaetbfrig of their gwa •,.:.!Fiaiept to ontweielt th^ir em-
' ployments; and while the mamba' eyeri pf !.hete shall be
confined witbin some moderate bounds, P Minister mgst
egod wsernbly a 3n awful tribrzni, before which
.o ar.-oc:-.t. for Ws ‘.3i)(11,..:-.. fle mutt re-
judL'ire,-.5., rr our ...-2.l,ur.rs, he must
&el flea imoginea fu'L.are ; louse
of Commor.s sca I)lae;inie, that a sp-...ciLtoz in
tale gal!:qy might Le apt to *r.)4 tjiink bitti.,:elf at
the levee of a 111::113'--c! 7.;0;• The
beoattes m ;:e cave-e. 7, rot lo 1;,. Oftic2r, of
rank in ..me Govern-av:nt,. 7at 6107 Coe v9i, Le of
but cf
v Lacs; amk hay.: ren...eu to
think the ,tight of s ;.,r.-i,7% cc.'', would eN.,:ite in a I,li-
nis:;:r Wouli is *l4 17,-.l..epc?. of his
cairn*. v, m'dsti of a guard ent woula stial.i4' i:;rn
to i's justice, and 11?-..ide ? The
thc ;- ~-nd of this Bill,
-;f , not (!bw.igitr
a". a ;:e
l_•_•nd for tLe future."

Lard onli !.r.3 now
rAt et 7 that he
' g 4114. ot.eu -11'm -er:^l)l24 h.- to de
: ide the :-"7"7?:_i:-.h a C4.4.=
_-?.)O!::r 't7-at
)1 t wrre not fo; ash, • was
tho 113.317:;:ar tie b fenz!ti, w:_o eT-
tured the I! •-;c: I'Thera
thtl :!fotind 11.1in:ster pc.tre7ise the pre: !fit systErn
•C,r..1 wirTl, any other e*:::.—nstanees,
could a 1.ii,441-4 7.-711:1 wouli Lave e,ne one,-t,wh
of all :ILA cu! !::::ent cf Lord
s:ippc,:le.! eat ? (Cheer 4) "It d'ltY
to c.a li they -,oitld the ret2aval of :-:rojudi2e, goti
it was wi:h if-At thr.it he Wi!:71....•.&:-.1 at a
nieet:ng, Englisitren nod Prt•te:tati...4 and
t:te: scA. Inent.',, wit% the ttr ast bro-
;,11"1-1 af-14c1:14. aho;..hl L directed to
Blake such 'at;;;;Zt -; ;a thE.t
he i;;id 'ciinAltitfar46#: • fir!
Seale then read the fellw.ving, and eat down atni4st
r• ene.el acelisination.

T:IE ADZ, .---7:-:S''''

" rik) OV,;7AY CAVE, ESQ., 81. F.
" The mneetful Mechanics and
A"l;siur, of Lewer.tr.T, io i. 144
of Novernf:-;,

." Sir—i.t a ccis', :ike present, when divisions
chreeten to ".;;i44.siituler the em?;ve,,, and when the indus-
trious poorEate. ifebrivcc. sr.::::,tieuny of the common
necessaries of life, 6.41 dupreetive 7, 4nd ex-
cessive taxation; it reqr.ircE nti apthogy 'On' hr riatts for
i.,o,::Frting you. Is one of', ur lienresentazivles.-Jland-, ih' fact,
file pn4', rile the meople ' of L'Acelfer h7ve in the
Commons House bi
tc .Itepeatedly have 'we
petitioned that House, lint alas (Our P3,"..t4 e:::t7saties
have been disregarded ; and were it not for the eratirbalicii
of patriots (with whom you have enrolled yourself) who

still raise their voice on behalf of the people, we should,
long since have sunk into despair.
On every occasion when we have entrusted our peti-
tions to your hands, they have been faithfully and ably sup-
ported ;-and ;%vell have you pleaded the ranee of the people
in opposition to these cruel and odious Corn Laws, which
disable the . hard-working mechanic from satisfying the
heart-piercing cries of his children for bread. Feeling, as
we have done fur these many years, the direful effect of these
most oppressive ten's, we cannot cease to denounce them
as cruel and unjust, convinced thatallyour energies,. will still-
be exerted ,n obtaining t:,.ir repeal. Bet it is not on this
•occasion alone (whisk pieii,E our warmest thanks) that you
have advocated the cause of the people. Aox ions that there
should he no political distinction on toe ground of religious
opinions, we cannot forget -your rote in favour of Civil
and Religions Liberty on the question of the Repeal of the
Corporation anti Test Acts; nor the ability-displayed in
carrying through the House 01 Commons a bill to prevent
Corporations eepriving the people, by means of corrupt
applioxion of their funds, and-judicial influence, Of the last
vestiges of Civil Liberty. And while you 11,:ve on these,
and many other important occasions, shewn yourself the
real representative of the people, ycu have been equally,
anxious to redress one local grievances. Intolerably op-
pressed with an enormous and close expenditure, in the,
shape of borough-rates, levied by men chosen by a self-
elected body, and under no obligation to render a distinct
account of their expenditure, it becomes imperious, on the
part of the inhabitants, to call upon Parliament to save
them from the iron grasp of the Corporate body; and
it is but justice to say, that this is another instance
wherein you have manfully performed your duty, end are
entitled to the gratitude of the inhabitants of the Borough
of Leicester, fur disclosing the system of Borough Rate ex-
penditure, and havingsaved them many thousand pounds in
preventing a job, contemplated in the erection of a new
gaol.

" Accept, Sir, our warmest thanks, for the important
services you have rendered us in PeAienaent,--cold indeed
must be the heart which does not feel grateful, Out when
we consider how desirous you are to promote useful know-
ledge among the people, by as,cciating yourself with a
society formed for that purpose, and to establish an instite-
.tion in Leicester for our mental improvement, your claims
to our confidence and Otcchtnent are increased in no or-
dinary degree ; oor will tiley, we Mast, ever be forgotten by
us: Tyrants alone, have—easal to dread the march of in-
tellect, and the increase of knowledge among the people.
As a child naturally feels attachment for a kind and in-
dulgent pirent, to will the peaple love and reverea Govern-
ment acting upon the same principle. a an .enlight-.
ened "people, it will not be the sudden impulse
of the moment, it will be a fixed and settled prin-
ciple, and will cause a nat!on to rally round end re-
spect their superiors as their kindest benefactors.
To restore such a happy state of things is equally
desirable, to the rulers and the people, and nettling
in our opinion would more conduce to accomplish it than
a full, fair, and free representation of the people in Parlia-
ment. All human institutions are mutable—time impairs
the finest edifice—it has corroded the practical part of the
representation of the people in the Commons House of
Parliament, and it has become necessary to infuse snore of
the popular feeling into the House, to redress the great
evils under which the people labour.
" Having now frankly and freely expressed our senti-
ments, we have only to repeat our entire satisfaction with
your conduct in Parliament; and to assure you, that when
the period shall arrive when the Electors shall be called
upon to exercise their suffrages, no exettion shall be want-
ing, on our parts to defeat your and our enemies, by return-
ing you again as one of the representatives of the people of
Leicester in Parliament."
Mr. DAY rose to secorad.the address, and begged the at-
tention of the meeting while he explained to them die rea-
sons by which lie was actuated in opposing Mr. Otway
Cave at the last election. He then thought that Mr.
Cave was the tool of the corporation, and he accordingly
opposed him. He siace then found, however, that he had
been deceived in that opinion, and learned that, instead of
being the tool of the corporation, he was the firm cham-
pion of liberty, which now induced him to give him his
support. It was now evident that he was a friend to civil
and religious liberty ; and he (Mr. Day) as a Catholic,
wearing the badge of slavery in consequence of iniquitous
laws, now felt it his duty to give him his support, and
therefore he most heartily seconded the, address.
The Address was then put from the chair, and carried'
by general acclamation.
Mr. NOON then rose to propose an address to Mr.
Evans, and in doing so observed that he had opposed Mr.
Evans at the last election. They were told however by
holy writ, that those who forsake their sins and repent will
find forgiveness,--(Great laughter)—and he accordingly,
being a penitent, hoped to be forgiven. Mr. N. proceeded:
—He hoped the Meeting' would permit him to palliate the
offence he had then committed by a little explanation—
he had been engaged in many contested electtons, and had
been solicited to go through the country to ascertain the
number of votes which might be altogether brought to the
poll. He was solicited to do this on the part of Mr. Ot-
way Cave, who had previously declared that his principles
entirely accorded with those of a great Statesman who was
now no more.—(Cheers.) He did canvass the county in
favour of Mr. Otway Cave, believing that he would prove
himself, as he has since proved himself, worthy of their
confidence. When he did so, he told the people that Mr.
Evans was an upright loan, and was worthy of their se-
cond vote. But then a third candidate came in most un-
fortunately, for had it not been for him they would now
be ble.sed with two faithful Representatives of the
Borough in Parliament. , (Great cheering.) When,
however, he found that this third candidate had come

in, and that one of the . three must necessarily be defeated,
though he felt that it wrs very hard to abaptlon Mr. Evans,
vet he fe7t bound to -stand by Mr. Cave, and he accordingly
'id so. M. Noon then shortly alluded to the scenes at
the last contested election, svloicb, as they must be per-
fectly familiar to the public, we sh;ll not here enumerate.
He then moved that the following Address be presented by
the Meeting to William Evans, Esq., the unsuceetsful can-
didate at the late election for Leicester.
. . THE ADDRESS,
" To wit.4.falt ;wit

The respectful Address of a Meeting of one hundred
and upwards Artisans and 111echanitN, held at the
Fleur-de-Lis Inn, Leicester, on Tuesday, the 25th
day of November, 1828:
.

. " Sir—Understanding that you are to attend the dinner
this day of the Friends of Civil and P,eligious Liberty, at
the Bell 140tpl, f:pipe.44,r, Iv!, wonld ppt let sq opportune
an occasion pass over without paying th4t respect to the
virtues which are so conspicuous in your character, and
expressing our gratification that you have favoured Leices-
ter with your presence on such an important occasion.
Perhaps at no period for ages past has there been a greater
necessity for the friends of civil and religious liberty
ppernticg the bonds of union, and facilitating that most
deSirahle-ollect, i;he extension of equal privileges to all
his Majesty's subjects, wb'atver may I>e }heir religions opi-
nions. Christianity, if we understand the term, means peace
and good-will to man ! This, we are convinced, is the mol,
tive which not only actuated your conduct, but also that of
every friend to so sacred a cause. But, while we would
ilirthe (jay 11,;,e,7; L 7,11 religions intolerance shall cease,
which we hope'is"nok far distant;, we eati-wl foiiet the ne-
cessity of those salutary changes'in the policy of this coun-
try, so necessary to. restore that' comfort to the dwelli4s
of the industrious poor, which our forefathers have told us
was their happy lot to enjoy. As the population has in-
Pi:K*4 ii-; the same proportion have restrictions been
placed upon the iMPOrtat,ioo of f.,q, 4pd heavy duties upon
articles of domestic use, .ceittniqiing te'A,'sregar soap, !daft,
&c., proclaiming at once to the people that Their n'anis
and necessities form no part of the policy of Government,
for whom they toil early and late, and whom they have
e4tall s,n i:fi;.., bizbe,st pitch of national grandeur by their
Unrefniftingicnihistry itt ful), lair, ai-,!-.; 1,',.41 -i'e.cre.s:entation of
the people in the tritrrinotri, Ilkius hfli Pailidrient;
a reduction in the public expendittire,• .a'.' dimi-
nution of taxation, and a permission to the me-
chanics of this country to barter the produce of
Ascir iiAnztry with foreign nations upon the most advan-
tageoas-VertaS ti/ titer,..4veiwil, j's iniT,7pens:thly necessary to
the comfort and happineseof the 'peliPlie.' .That your views
are in unison with ours, and that the welfare of the people
is an object dear to your heart, affords us great pleasure ;
and we indulge the hope that at the ensuing election we
shall add your name as one of the representatives of this
1/017),4g11,, and Cl,a.G its emaneipation will be complete, by
sendingitiVeihthilerulerit yeßeseoatiyo, to Zyliament,
uniting heart and hand together,4thOnililiinEl cuiiiiheiii
mon cause with the people, in procuring for them those
blessings which Providence with extended arms presents
to the industry and enterprise' of the inhabitants of the
gritich Empire."
• .

.4'
This 414'044; B,:COTieO4, and adopted Fnanimously.
A deputation was
Inn, and to inquire of Mr. Cave an&Mr.'Evatti *heir: h
would suit their convenience to receive the Addresses which
had been agreed to.
Evens, attended by several friends, soon after en-
tered' tiii'fbOro, whcr fpe V74,!?7,an real to him the above
iaddtets; • .1i :it i •
Mn EVANS, in returning thanks, said, that lie had at-
tended their meeting 10-day because he he'artily 'cOncunred in
Fintiments l'especting civiland religious liberty which
he conceived 'tb be ;0 1014-;r3iht Of every man. The roan-
•

ner in which the people of Leicester had come 11,',"(0?
this occasion was peculiarly gratifying to him. IL 11
the same cause, and although the higher and tor
becai'pe rM
classes met in different rooms, it was only
number was too large to be contained in CM` ili3
After congratulating. the Meeting on the
and judicious tone of the resolutions, he exPtreseu jl,
mination never to relax his efforts in the muse co
religious liberty. • The Hon. Gentleman then .
amidst loud applause. • • wing
Mr. 0. Cave subsequently entered the recto, os
waited upon by a very large deputation from the"
to request his attendance.
Mr. JACKSON, the Chairman. read the address
had been ved to the Hon. Member. eoe'l
Mr. °Twotay CAVE, in returning thanks, eqr
cordial concurrence with every political opini°",?;
in the Address which had just been presented t° dr4
I should indeed. (continued the Hon. Gentleman) rood
l
to the best feelings of nature, did I not prize th,ifittile j°4/4'l
testimony of the good opinion and attachment 0.
trious and useful dames, who being, from die's are °l4
mere exposed to the pressure of mis-governof i e„,
cessarily best calculated to appreciate the servic7„hich •oo
men. First on the catalogue of the grievance' •tri
have, so frequently and unavailingly complaine,ooe.o
justly place the Corn Laws.—(Hear, hear.)'` ore-„b
as the House of Commons at present is, so 3,4 to a 040
the agricultural more than any other interest, 'noel'0,
'
in fact, the landholders make the men who molieteir' ,
I must, confess that I can see but little prospect
..b°
°
peal, or even of their amelioration.—(Great oPr3o,„„"'
Nevertheless, it is you' duty, if you are not rll 00
submit for ever to those odious laws, uneeasil lin„1
flounce them as cruel and unjust, and again
place before the Legislature the misery and ruin..°,
have entailed on the commercial and manufactoPps9ps,io;
ation, to expose the rapacity of landlords, to 'erti
them that agriculture cannot flourish amidst a elogict
cay of wealth, and that the ruin which they
others must in the end recoil on themselves-3 1.1'0,:,)
haps, accompanied by dreadful acts of retribution,.o
starving and despairing population shall be driven '4,
rection.--(Loud applause.)—The Hon. Genflei'*ld,
adverted to that part of the Address in which
of civil and religious liberty is alluded to. I cool'' /i 4
said), as a member of the Established Church, u°,jf`;
wise than vote for the repeal of the Corporation i‘jeferj
Acts, feeling, as I did, that instead of beings
they were a scandal and reproach to it, and utteoym,
sistent with the doctrines and spirit of ChristianitPj jOrr9oo,'
plause.)—With respect to the ,Bill which he .
j
duced in the last Session, to prevent corporate fo',0•010
misapplying their funds, he hoped that, ere long,
receive the sanction of both Houses of Parliarnent/J
could not but congratulate the Meeting on thy`' b.
effect produced by the exposure, during the last °`,41..
the infamous' practices in so many borough toon"l,oV,be
out the kingdom by the minions of corruption, n. 9 of
most every where seized on the power and fund' be 0..4
corporate bodies. He had himself no idea, when
.01',
began his inquiries on the subject, of the abominatl ry,r,
came to light, of such a eature that they had 03 #" he
well-thinking man, of every party, determine to lIz(of
in the support of any measure brought forward.„(6,cr
abatement of these crying and monstrous abuses.
be !Pit
applause:)—Bad•as was the political morality of t
House, no man of any note could latterly be fo°4o,
d it it
with effrontery enough to' itand-up in their dew tietrj,
was quite`otherwiie (continued the Hon. 06'„N
amidst the hereditary legislators. • There a man nes'o'lV'.,„
mitted to that order, who scoffs at honour with "'d to;'
a levity as Walpole, or any other of :the venal re:l 4
selling tribe of the last century, was ready, not 1110.1'1;
protect these local nurseries of despotism and extort
even to encourage a further extension of a systeol i-Cr;
mous, that seven majorities of a corrupt gouge °,o9',
mons, which has an instinctive and parentalattacitia,
almost every species of abuse, had decreed its rel°,:af".,,
(Loud applause.)--Thus was the high seat of' FA'liietf
dated by its prostituted occupant. There is not °..,pfPli
son in either branch of the Legislature to whoa, ry-o!°4
and conscience should have dictated more
guardedness in the declaration of his opinion, on °.icfilit
which may hereafter come before him in his judie'A
city, and vet there was not one—no; not theo64,
hack of the Treasury, so anxious on that
__Zi
to signalize his profligacy. What reliance,
could I place on the imposing legal intel'"l
which were propounded by him on this subject, s'',ol,o
my own hearing he could bring himself to state lens
matters totally destitute of truth—matters not eve",, ,
lell'i
found in the brief furnished to him by the respect 319,0 tefi'
poration of Leicester—matters of the most slandetor
dency, and totally opposite to the tenor of his priirate?tt/.0
sation with them five minutes before he got up to s ief".ll
(Shame.)—But his violence has, lam glad to sap° f
its own object, and his advocacy has, perhaps, 35%1',
as any thing elte, tended to arouse and confirm the thl'
the eminent and public 'ph ited men who have takenoo;
subject in hand.—(Applause. )—lndeed, I ought
dour to say, that many of the staunchest supisl.o:'',
the Ministers have done themselves much h()°°
the warm co-operation which they' have afford,' (,tr
carrying this Bill through the Lower House.'"
plause.)—The Honourable Gentleman next alluded w c°f;
success which attended his efforts in preventing tlyl,l,
poration from levying thousands of pounds nottO reO,Je
the purpose of erecting a new borough gaol, I°]!/la
for the purpose of reimbursing certain official fttnet,.', ther,,
of that town for the money shamefully expended °pet
at the last election. Indeed, the jobbers had since,,,ad°"
confessed that the gaol was unnecessary, by the
ment of the job. This, and the crowd of prisolO";11411.
mitted by them on the most frivolous alit 701'''
pretetices, were among the proofs of the manner intice
corporate funds were squandered, and corporate ju% bee,
rojoistered.—(llprpartous applause.)—lt alvo)l;ittv
his most anxions desire since his connexion with tel ee°
to see a public Library and a Mechanics' Institutesoo
blished in this town, and be hoped that all elasseV`
co-operate in so desirable an object. The more the 0
ted the people were, the better would they
,01);
to appreciate the blessings of good govetorfiePt. ire
plaosp.)—e" Tyrants alone have awe to dread the foo
of intellect, and if your superiors (continued the t°l
Member) are afraid that you will overtake thell'itoo
have nothing to do but to quicken their step'''.
cheers and laughter.) They had, only tatoir!''
the start they had ;—they had time, POPO,' iek,
and wealth, for the attainment of useful kn°'of'',/
whilst you ran only gain it at the expense of mail ofor
necessaries of life, (That's true.) You can
to the cultivation of your mind the few hours Ach'"
main to you for relaxation after the bodily labours of thewer3
(Why, that's only when wp are in bed. Greet 10g
tli
It is in vain however fur you to expect more than
re::
palliation of your grievances so long as the . I,'
sentation of the people in Parliament remain'
present state. Whilst Parliament contimted to he eijac'„'
by a few, the interests of the few onlywould be coo'.e tb
and never, until it should be elected by the many, "1
interests of th 9 many be attended to as they ought fork.{?
The Hon. Pent. trust fulty agree with the Miel,Pg,,,,
theimportance of the present crisis, Whet: division, tnri
ed to rend asunder the empire; but yet he thell b
fret
it would afford an ppporturiitv, of which, if the .4,00
pf the peopJe 4tiailed theipseiVes, it Might lea 0!""
qapw and' violence to the attainment of tt!Fir 1,1
jests. Tlie' 'arae, ‘ehat ought they 10 'leas
,cOOl
crisis like tins? They ought to reColleci;*that'ou'iotte•ii
men conspired, good men ought to combine. CAPI'd
And the Brunswick Clubs now afforded an ample s'l OP'
iustification for their uniting in the defence of the ,e
- • • -
rid lie people, against a faction that would troll ?el',
ba't'h.' "(Pod ClieeiS.)' A taitithi under the Y 0,0 °I
of supporting the cause of social order, has at last tioltille
the mask, and has shown to the world that when 0000;
of loyalty to the King, at was only so long as they oar,
selves were masters over him, and that when they F ti
about submission to the laws, thicy iiieaDb su-pservlndßo'
theinkrlifest :Lit National Associatione'bOirritefftblet''l44
the country in opposition tOthese Brunswiek 'cl'ubs sofitr,
render them necessary, whilst they at" the same 000,01"
their most cleat' just ifitation. —( Cheers. )—Thus thpX
have the best chance of recovering their iiglitiOO.
cilting• toe radius of their griewaacas ; ..ad tbMandl
ebullf be no ktngertaxied :in 'Englalut • tb- pay' 'll log: firth'
ing army in Ireland, for the:purpose of supportiogrlion
cious oligarchy, and a monstrous and unchristian ,
Establishment—(applause)—and to enable a fact
,eve
600,000 men to keep their feet on the necks t. „ ,
miriotr of their: Cr:Boor-countrymen. fir-.1%2,2:At,
o tif.L:iiW • cliettofi I'th! Ldiet fle,
Government of 't.W tountrY ‘the hands "' 1,011
tion that monopolized all the power and eill° ce./
of the State, and set public opinion at dello° „
witho7 vet
(Applause.)— A Minister determined to rule
assistance of a corrupt Aristocracy, defeated anelel'ef;!
them. tie died a olailyr to 41e on4se chi the pi&P,i?..4,filio,r,
the ()lig:ltchy ;' but the goOdtwhieli'lle liVo6"4l!c* to ,t 7
He had shaken the fortress of tytatiny otrid CorruFt'°'!io .
Oe
foundations, and left open to those who came after lo
road to amelioration and reform. He was aware tboi
dee'q,
rl4l;i:::_ryac;tnerhoifs.lVelarr.
earl life,
nlinfei,ngwwinalseaibles.ome reoFect",, rV.
meeteet ilis.!deolared hostility, to :pirliarnentai•y;refOl!' bp'e
lamented Alia; ;cirCumatances aholiid - at any time „it
obliged tiro to temporise with a powslrful 'anti zealous I;,ft
toetitcy; but (continued the Hug. Gentlemall)a!
