LONDON. MOB DAY, MAY 27, 1809.

•

SARACEN'S HEAD INN 4A4411,011iic LNG-HOUSE.
STAFFORDSHIRE TOT RIESI""lowk
THE SWAN INN beino NOW CLOSED,
WILLIAM HAMBLETON begs respectfully to inform
Commercial Gentlemen, and others, visiting the district of the
Potteries, that in order to render his present accommodation
more comfortable and complete, he is about to enlarge his pre-
mises, and trusts, by assiduity and attention, to merit a conti-
nuance of that kind patronage he has hitherto received.
William liambteton has engaged a regular establishment of
servants : and, in case of any incivility or inattention on their
nart, it is requested the same may be immediately reported to
him.

111 R. SINIPM)N'S SIXTH LECTURE

ON NATIONAL EDUCATION.

Neat Post-Chaises, Flies, and Gip, with able Horses and
careful Drivers.

Good Stabling, and Lock. up Coach-Houses.

NATIONAL LOAN FUND LIFE AS
SURANCE AND
• DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY.
26, CORNHILL, LONDON.
67, New Buildings, North Bridge, Edinburgh ;
36, Westmoreland-street, Dublin •
28, South Castle-street, Liverpool ;'
47; Princ,ss-street, Manchester;
9, Clare-street, Bristol,.
And 14. New Bond-street, Bath.
Capital, 500,0001. ' •
EMPOWERED BY ACT OF PARLIAMENT.
PATRON—His Grace the DUKE of SOMERSET, F.R. S.
DIRECTORS.
T. LAMIE ItIHRttA Y, Esq., Chairman:
Col. Sir Burges Camac, K. C. S. Robert Hollond, Esq., M.P.
John Elliot Son, M.D. F. R. S. George Lungley, Esq.
C. Farebrother, Esq., Ald. John Rawson, Esq.
H. Gordon, Esq. Joseph Thomrsan, Esq.

new in philosophy ; it is a truth which must be the lead.
ing star of every moral investigator ; it is the telescop,
for the vast and a microscope for the more minute in
vestigatiou. Much time will be required to bring out the
blessed results—time is advancing—opinion is advancin!)
and may be compared to the ebbing of the sea. At pre-
sent it may hardly wet our feet, but stay a little, and
will overwhelm us ; this is but the seed time, end wc
may not be permitted to see the harvest, but its 016-
mate triumph is certain, and it is an ample reward to
be permitted to have even the smallest share in raisiny
our fellow creatures from the house of bondage an.'
degradation, and, like the Patiarch of old, it is a big;
source of gratification to have even one glimpse o
that promised land which overflows with milk and
honey.

Tile worthy Lecturer having concluded, an unan
mous vote of thanks was pissed, on the motion 01
Thomas Wyse, Esq., M.P., and seconded by Sir Joh'
Boileau, Bart.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE RADICAL
DEMONSTRATION.

(FROM OUR OWN REPORTER.)
MANCHESTER, SATURDAY, MAY 25.
The South Lancashire Demonstration in favour of the
principle of the People's Chirter, took place this morning•
at the race ground, Kersal Mocr, near this town. The
Radicals of the neighbouring towns had been for several
wseks preparing for this demonstration of feeling, and it
was known'had gone to considerable trouble and expense
in preparing for the display, and it appears that the Ma-
gistrates anticipating a breach of the peace, issued a pro-
clamation denouncing the meeting, aid requesting fathers
and heads of families to use their influence to prevent the
people attending the meang. The following is a copy of
the proclamation:— '

AUDITORS.
Dr. Olinthus Gregory, F.R. A. S.
Professor Wheatstone, F. R. S.
PHYSICIAN—J: F. R. S.
SURGEON—E. S. Symes, Esq.
ACT u A RY— W. S. B. Woolhousek, Esq., F.
By the new principles of Life Assurance and Deferred An-
nnuities, established by this Society. many essential advantages,
besides that of securing a provision for a 'family or for old age,
are gained by the Assured, and thereby an additional value is
given to each Policy.
Premiums payable annually, half-yearly, quarterly, or
monthly, or in the increasing or decreasing scales. Females
assured at diminished rates. Extension of limits of travelling.
Policies in force seven years not forfeited by suicide, and two-
thirds of the premiums paid at all times available to the
assured.

"Whereas large numbers of persons have on various oc-
casions of late assembled and met together in different
parts of the county, many of them being armed with hind.
aeons and other offensive weapons, and have, by their cx
citing to b:-, aches of the peace, caused great alarm to her
Majesty's subj,cts : And whereas a public meeting has been
advertised to bo held on Kersa! Moor, on Saturay next,
the 25th instant, which in our opinion may become dan-
gerous to the public peace : We. the undersigned Ma-
gistrates, acting for the division of Manchester, do ear-
nestly recommend all well-disposed persons to abstain from
attending such meeting, and advise masters and heads of
families to warn and use their influenos with their work-
people, apprentices, families, and otiaerrilb the same effect.
And we do further warn all persons attending the meeting
of the dangerous tendency of their proceedings.
~ J. FRED. FOSTER, J. KERSHAW,
SHAKSPEARE F. PHILLIPS, D. MAUdE,
GEO. WM. WOOD, G. J. S. WALKER."
T. POTTER,
" Manchester, 22d May, 1839."
The Council of the Manchester Political Union natu•
rally supposing that the Magistrates' proclamation would
have the effect of deterring many of their friends- from
attending the meeting, thought it right to issue the follow-
hag notice :

Two-thirds of the profits of the Society divided annually
amongst arties assured on the participating scale of Premiums.

SPECIMENS OF DEFERRED ANNUITIES.

BENEFITS.

PREMIUMS.

Options Secured, on attaining the
3ge of Sixty-tive, by an Annual,
Premium of 2/. 12s.

To secure, on
Annuity.£lo 00
I attaining the Cash 82 10 0
age of 65, the po.icy
option of

F; Annuity. Cash. Policy,
!.C•

ez!
Payable Payianble Payable
for
g ...wally.' One Dia-
i4
Sum. parity.

£.
s. d. s. d.; X. s. (1.
20 47 16 6 '394 I t 046,, 0
95 96 15 10 '291 9 0261 9 0
30 13 19 ,115 5 '0'136 0 01

•at. s. d. s. d.
4 0 1,6 11 10 01( 0 0 0
,30 0,9 16 7 1 7 311
40 ' 17 1 27 311 19 410

Also Annuities commencing at the Ages of 50, 55, and 60.
Two-thirds of the Premiums paid, returnable, in case of pre-
mature death.

Inasmuch as several evil-disposed persons have,
through the press, and by intimidation, endeavoured to
deter the }eJple from attending their duties at Kersal
Moor demonstration, the public are hereby informed, that
the Boroughrceve and the authorities of Manchester have
pledged themselves not to interfere with the proceedines
of the day, but to render every reasonable protection th.it
may be required.—By order of the Political Council,
held at Kennedy's Court Room, No. 14, Redfern-street,
Miller-street.

Immediate Annuities for all ages; granted on very favourable
terms./

A Board with a Medical Officer is in daily attendance at two
•'clock.

Prospectuses may be had at the Offices, or any of the
Branches, or Agents in the principal Towns.
F. FERGUSON CAMROUX, Secretary.

FREEMASONS' AND GENERAL LIFE
ASSURANCE LOAN ANNUITY AND REVER-
SIONARY INTEREST COMPANY.
11, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, London.
Capital, 500,000/., in 25,000 Shares of 201. each.
Deposit, 11. per Share.
The advantages of this Company are as follow :-
1. To the assured with profits.—The option of taking those
profits in cash, adding to the policy, diminishing the premium,
or effecting an annuity for the remainder of life at a certain age.
2. To the assured not participating in profits.—Premiums
much below those of most other offices.

3. To both Classes.—Facilities for effecting loans.
4. Increasing or decreasing premiums at their option.
5. Half the amount of premiums may remain unpaid, at Ed.
ter cent. interest, on the security of the Policies for the first
iye years,
. _

6: Policies not to be forfeited if premiums remain unpaid at
the stipulated period, but may be revived if health the same.
7. No error, but only fraud, to vitiate a Policy.
8. Policies and premiums may be reduced, if circumstances
require it, and the value •f the policies to the extent of the
amount reduced to be considered as paid in advance upon the
reduced Policy.

Agents are in the course of appointment. Brethren desirous
of being appointed are to apply to the Secretary.
Application for Shares, Policies, or annuities, also to be made
to Joseph Berridge, Secretary, 11, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall.

EMPOWERED BY ACT OF PARLIAMENT,
3 WILL IV: • '
THE ECONOMIC LIFE ASSURANCE
SOCIETY,
No. 34, Bridge-street, Biackfriars, London.
Established 1823.
DIRECTORS.
The Eight Hon. THOMAS FRA NKIL. SND LEWIS, Chairman.
HENRY FREDERICK SI'EPIIENSON, Esq Deputy Chairman.
Lancelot Baugh Allen, Esq. William drant, Esq.
Stephen Nicolson Barber,_ Esq. John Knowles, Esq., F.R.S.
Robert Biddulph, Esq., M.P. John Mendhain, Esq.
Roliett Davies, Esq. Thomas Meux, Esq.
Thomas Edgar, Esq. • William Routh, Esq.

PRICE sd.

.when danger really did resent itself, should ie eccupis,
by the man who had pot a portion of the It area into th,
loaf. On the previous day that moor was the scene o
amusement, now they were combining duty a ith iimu,entero
—busineas with pleasure. He denied that the meeting
vas illegal beeause Lord John Russell had said tin.), wars
'gal, and no danger was to be apprehended to the public
aeries', and no arms were purchased by the peep's.
(Mr. O'Connor) concluded that proclamations ought not Si
o resorted to but in the last extremity. It was quite cleartloe
Parliament did not apprehend danger, otherwise they would
:ot have adjourned over this period, ar:d they would rot
have been such a set of p,dtroons as. to desert their post,
hna thet if Ph'e"h'aedtttOldeatZif(!mn. thell'N'irbheis2l4sewdetriT.deets'ilhbeareilniatedia
l
says told them the Tories were devils in hell ; and if thy
Tories had contrived to be in power the artillery and sell
!ter: would have been present, and ties fiery D •ke would
have been there ready to give the word " fire," whetbi r the
;,aapte a ere quiet or riotous. The Queea hid nevar re
eeived so much grace as had been just caused by her lat
orble conduct. Ile loot th • bast aut;,ot ti
stating that all the Hanoverian clubs in Loud it,
were at work to know how they could dispose
of the young and gracious Queen, and subatitute the bloods
Cumberland in her seat; but he begged to state that ii
that fellow were here, that circumstance would make hint
put on'the red coat at once ; but he thought a btu^ coat
could cover as sound a heart at a red one. If he were o
come, he would advise the people to revolt, as he would
than think it his duty to do so. The Queen had not done
any harm; they always felt a strong sympathy for the
faults of youth, and especially for the faults cf female
youth; and if she had committed a fault, it was not her
own, but that of the damnable faction around her. Mr.
O'Connor then stated that at a li tie before nine
o'clock on the previous night, he had received 1.
summons requiring his presence at th s Court of Queen's
Bench at ten o'clock on the same morning; but even if it
had come in sufficient time, he should have felt it his duty
to be present on that occasion.—(Cheers.) Mr. Comm
concluded after a few more ob,ervarioos.
The resolution was then put and carried.
\lr. TIMOTUY firaorNs, of Ashton. moved—'! That an)
member resigoiug his seat in the .._.;onvention, without pub-
licly assigning a cause, be considered to have desarod t!le
interests of the people, and is not free from the suspicion
of treason to the cause of liberty."
Mr. HOLROYD, of Rochdale, :seconded the resolution in
a short speech.
Dr. TAYLOR then came forward, and was received with
tremendous cheering. He said he much regretted that
the labours which he had been lately undergoing, had beea
such as to prevent him speaking in that tone of voice A hich
he could Wish ; because he would wish every Roglishrisan
to hear him. when he thanked them for that display which
told him, and through him would tell h's northern
brethren, that the people of South Lancashire had not yet
quite given up every hope of carrying out their rights--
peaceably he hoped—but should it ever come to anythiug
else be thought he saw around him sufficient argu-
ment to show which side would be in the right—
( Loud cheers.) He was exceedingly glad to see so many
women amongst them. It was a proof to him that the
misery which had been brought home to their fire sides,
had roused them to a sense of their slavery, and had pre-
pared them to assert their rights; and having done so,
the issue could be no 'longer doubtful. The first step
towards being free, was to know that they were slaves ;
the second was to wish they were not so ; and the third
was to try to obtain their freedom.—( Cheers.) He thought
they were very near this state ; and if they gave their
enemies no handle, and by holding their meetings peace-
ably and calmly, as they were then holding that meeting,
they would very soon be on the winning side, and their
enemies would then fear them. Their enemies were now
divided—they were nearly balanced, and he hoped the
people would not throw their weight upon either of them,
until they were strong enough to crush both the factions
together.—( Loud cheers.)
Mr. W. Newson, of' Bury, moved That in ac-
cordance with the recommendation of Lord John Russell
we, the inhabitants of South Lancashire, :in public
meeting assembled, to the number of 500,000 geod men
and true, all of u: interested in the protection of life and
Prop,rty. do hereby instruct our Chairtmin to apply in our
behalf to the Home Secretary for 500.300 stand of arms,
commiasariat, amnomition, &c., suitable to the emergency
anticipated by the Noble Lord. We further a aert that,
if the law allows a search for the arms of the poor, the
law also justifies a search for the arms of the rich. And
therefore, should our application for arms be refused, or
our houses searched for arms, without our consent, we
shall conclude it is the Govarnment'a intention to arm the
rich against the poor—a course of policy which we shall
consider a violation of the Bill of Rights, and treat as a
declaration of war against the industrious classes.”
Mr. RUSHTON, of Manchester. seconded the resolution,
which was supported by Mr. James Taylor, of Scotland,
and carried ami.st loud acclamation.

This lecture was much more numerously attended
than any of the Course, and the most profound atten-
tion marked the interest of the very fashionable audi-
ence, who honoured not only the lecturer but the cause
by their presence.
Mr. SIMPSON stated the great object of the new
system of education •to be in making the masses of the
people healthy, temperate, intellectual, and merciful ;
and this in contradistinction to the old system which is
only an education of words and language. Mr. Sitnp.
son then reminded his auditory, that in his former Lec-
ture he had shown that love and •not fear was the great
principle through which it was to be inculcated, as the
neweeystem is the philosophy of benevolence, while the
old system is only west:toted by the exercise cif: fear and
force. The new system is not inculcated merely by
precept or example, but it consists
.in a constant exer-
cise of the whole faculties which the benevolent Creator
has implanted in the human frame. Mr. Simpson
then pronounced a splendid eulogiune on Dr. Andrew
Combee whose works are rapidly spreading his enlight-
ened views throughout the continents of Europe and
America; be then took 'a rapid survey of the different
systems which at present obtain, and showed how de-
fective they all were. Even, said he, the boasted pa.:
rochial schools of Scotland, only afford reading and
writing, In the commencement of the present century
Lancaster had shown how much might be done by one
teacher under the
.monitorial system, but that system
has not progressed. ; it still remains but an
education of reading - and eliritinte, gr, John
Wood, of Edinburgh, is the-ehero of the explana-
tory system, he explains but never shows, or de-
monstrates ; while Pestalozzi on the continent, and Dr.
Mayo in this country, are the advocates of the exhibi-
tory system ; but still there was wanting. that most i.n-
portant branch of education—moral training.' We had
no institution for that which he termed " the moral ex-
hibitory system."
Mr. Simpson proceeded to show that all systems of
rewards and punishments, in connexion with education,
are defective ; and that knowledge is so delightful to
the mind, that has an aptitude for its reception, that
there is no occasion to lure such an one by any hope of
reward. There is a decided call by the boy for infor-
mation ; while on the other hand the whip is only used
to urge on a horse that will not draw ; and how many
are there who remember the drudgery and degradation
of being flogged into Latin and Greek as the most hor-
rible periods of their lives. Of the two stimulants, Mr.
Simpson pronounced the system of rewards as the most
pernicious. What say the admirers of that plan ; would
you do away with the generous emulation which they
occasion ? Mr. Simpson replied, that he knew of no
emulation that was generous, and that as punishments
degrade the children, so the reword sets in activity
the selfishness of the whole school. The worthy )Lec-
turer then glanced at those establishments where edu-
eation. was now carried, to a point which formerly was
considered a mere chimera never to be realised.
He then asked—ls this new system of education
to be given •at all ? Mr. Sanpson emphatically
replied yes to all! What, to the working classes to set
them above their station in life ? The worthy Lecturer
said he had made it his business (and he considered that
he could not be better employed) to familiarize himself " WILLIAM TILMAN Secre."
with the working classes, and they have been too much The Boroughreeve and
constables did 'renderpr.ryro Bt(e-es-- neglected, and severely does the country suffer from tier]. They sent the acting deputy constable, mta
that neglect. Educated working men are the most in- wick, and a detachment of the police upon the ground;
i ( ustrious of their class, men who will raise themselves and the hustings were likewise attended by a very ques_
by their discoveries. Many such he knew, who only tiooahle looking functionary who called himself reporter
want the aid of capital to patent their efforts of genius, to the police.
Mr. TILMAN intr duced this person to the meeting, and
These educated working men are moral, religious, and
ted that they should give him three cheers.
enlightened men ; they are always the best workmen of sTuhgegy`,shovrever, g.vi.• him three groans instead, and requested
their class,—they are never intoxicated,—they save in- liigeht:lll);,e,h:,been
u hoistedi)e, onr atdhvea
ntotp,,,oef a pliole, in order that
stead of adding to the enormous sum which is annually htle"mte tuTrioeedies,uatntdo
thrown away on intoxicating liquors. Mr. Simpson be a bill-sticker, principally employed. by the
drew a happy illustration of giving to all classes at a a zealous speaker at some of the Operative Conservative
cheap rate a system of national education from his Association meetings. A large portion of the meeting
friend Mr. Row:and Hill's plan of a penny postage ; like insisted that he should he turned from the hustings, but
him he says two pence won't do. Don't complain, said this was not done. The Rochdale, Middleton, and Hey.
he, if the revenue fails upon the twopenny plan ; and so wood divisions were the first on the ground. They were
in like manner, said he, don't pare down your system of headed by Mr. James Taylor, of Spotland, the Delegate
education to the working man's condition, but raise him up for Rochdale in the National Convention. The Manches t
to and byan enlightened system of education ;then will the ter division next succeeded. They were marshalledothe ground by Messrs. Butterworth and Benbow, who
working man learn and feel that labour is no evil, then
with
he
bmaonudnsteodf
music,
boners:
and weret accompanied
will he know that nature has given to him muscles
u:aorr,icagent in,
which require constant exercise to render them useful midst of the procession we nno'tles'ed Air. Foettra to man, then will he appreciate the beautiful expression and Dr. Taylor. They were greeted with the most en-
of Scripture, " That man goeth forth by the blessing thusiastic cheering. After the different districts of the
of God to his labour." Labour is not an evil, it is only Manchester Radical Association came the Ashton and
so when misdirected. The turner would 'not give you Staleybridge division. This was a numerous beefy and
up his lathe, and there are many instances in which they carried an immense number of banners. Dr. Fletcher,
Kings, Emperors, and Nobility are, for their amuse- mounted on horseback, beaded up the Bury, Unsworth,
ment, engaged as cutlers, bookbinders, &c. Let a boy and Pilkington division, and was received with long con-
but escape from school, and the chances are i t:nued plaudits by the a.sembltee. The Bolton puree that he will
is,w,,,Trethtlgaldasatntdo.arrive on the moor. They arrived by the
be found in a t carpenter's shop ; let him bat be allowed
waale ensoewc to use the tools and I:is blessedness will be supreme. The coup d'ter mass.tc o,,di gl striking, There is no degradation to a seund philosophy but ig- the number of banners of various descriptions.nY floatin,,- n athn:l-
- and immorality ; the labourer may come with breeze, ildded considerably to the panoramic effect. The
his hands soiled and his skin horny from his labour, but military, it had been reported, were to surround the moor,
being educated he is fit company for the first gentlemen 1 but this was only an ingenious device of the enemy, in
of the land. My friends, said Mr. Simpson this is not order to deter people from attending the meeting. To
levelling ; it is the wish that the labouring classes may some extent this ruse might be said to have succeeded—
rise
in the scale of being. According to the old system for the military additions in Manchester during the last
and its notions a man in a superior rank would be consi- few days, had been of a character calculated to give some
dered as having degraded himself by sitting down with weight to the rumour. In addition to the 6th Dragoon Guards, there are in the town the 79th Highlanders, the
a labouring
.man ; but for his part he was delighted 20th Foot,
great
omen
beyond
fatlhle 10th Foot, and the Artillery—
by their. visits, and he always learned from them.inceowesqtr.stioTnhaet numbersK ersat mwoeorre
Having disposed of those who asked, Is this sys- not so greatgre as at the lastpdree
tern to be given to all ? he next proceeded to another which was, it must be recollected, a meeting of unparal's
class of of objecting interrogators, who asked— leled magnitude, and was computed at 200,000 persons.
And do you really mean to propose that this system Dr. FLETCHER, of Bury, was called to the chair, and in
shall be extended to females? Mr. Simpson met this opening the business of the meeting he said he wished
by relating an anecdote of an objector to a proposition seme other individual of greater influence had been called
upon to take the management of this great, glorious, and
before Parliament, who thus embodied his opposition.
Do you mean that this Bill shall extend to Scotland, most triumphant demonstration ; fur great, glorious, and
and why 7 The promoter of the Bill replied, it is in-
triumphant it was, when they considered that it had been
called under circumstances which bad always been con-
Mr. Simpson then expatiated on the advantages to the meeting—upon a holiday—the principal holdiday of the
pop
human race, which would ensue from female educationpeople of this district,—and more especially when they ASCOT RACE WEEK.
being based upon the new system, and he instanced the
callede to mind the fact that many of them had actually During the early part of last week instructions were re-
rapid progress which the female pupils were making in kept away from their favourite amusement in de-• ceived at Windsor Winds - maks,:rtehee necesshi try arrangements for
Edinburgh in chemistry, astronomy, as well as in the that they might be present on that occasion n'lr'iii, her Vla't sty's 'Sr°rrivtaol.
Queen,
the, _Ea,rlt_of
ETxbridejie7e Lard Charnberbr'in tot ;tin:.
development of all the moral faculties ; and said, if was a sufficteat answer to any person who might7l7:: cd r t
reception; t
there is one system of education better than another, say they were called together by idle curiosity.-- Castle, and m ele arrane.ements for her A 171., the females of an enlightened nation ought to be the After some further observation; the - Chairman said ne this day to .dinner. Apartments have hi;',ll prepared for
recipients of it, for they are our earliest nurses, and would tend over s-me propositions which had been deter. his Imperial Highness the Grand Duke of Russia, and his
they also are our first moral trainers. Mr. Sim son mined by the National Convention should he pat to R. )3- -il Highness Preece Frederick Hetoy of the Nether-
at the simultaneous meetings. It hat b. en land,, bath of whom will arrive at the Castle to-day, end
then alluded to the number and bitterness of his oppp - considered desirable
the by sern e
hpersons that the ulterior leave on Wedro.sday evening. Winiiser Castle will not
Dents, and cited some strong instances of the mostcalled,bseeould be urged forward at only be full of visitors who have received invi'ations from
uncandid misrepresentations of his statements, tmhe. presenturesas criysiswerelth ,(1 the Queen to 1:e prescor during the.race w..elt, ht?t many of
and he declared that he would yield t ) Is ait for the presentation of the beer,
ttphh:ttittlhonet);?sshnoeualidt
ett.,le (I.: at the two principal inns in the town have been
es e for the accommodation of those of her Majt-sty's
none of his accusers in zeal for a reli,rioes for the rejection of the 13i11 founded
education of the people, but that religion must be taueli was not neceisery that he should stain the re,sPreortstßw) which guests guests for whcm room canner be found at the Castles Her
had prevented the pctitien being presented befime these si. Majesty's invitatioAs have been indiPerirninate, wdbout ve-
to us in such a way as not to be mere toted lessons, but
multaneous nisetings ; but if an argument were wanting, ferenetr to the politics of the respective parties, •Wnigs and
such as will improve the heart, not a religion far Sun-
eby they slisuelltdak_ e their course at the press, ,t c,,,,e,„ it Conservatives being alike included. ;tint .tral of the Foreign
day only but fin. every day in the week. Mr. Simpson
it was to
one
eteurt)f
~in the. fact tha' Lord John Russell had AmbrEsadurs and their ladies will likewise he present; anti
then declared that he considered in• the eel system
thearmcd class,•ciety aga.nst another, and had called on tee series of eutertaininents which will take place will be
there was too little of religious education, whereby ithigher c:ssses to accept arms from the Government open it scale of great itranJeur and magnificence. St.
ahconteitutienal --,',or.g'-'_'' , hell
~ be fi.,. ~
.up ,
~ , .e baequerting.room,
was thrown away, and he (Alin felt the desecration of in order toprevent the peopleme;e,rdeistih'negma ' will •te-4 for .1. .
the Sacred Volume .when converted into a mere rote right. He was aware that s.
deemed it
ovefietti,.,:ethi-z-o%palierepead ditifnertis will irl•., place upon th.e return
book ; he reverenced the Bib!e too much for it to be proper to apply to Lord John Russell, the .-Slis de(
Tussday and
preseot, at-
thus desecrated, and when he took it out of the common State for the Home Department, for arms, eerHeet"(3.t.kof Thus:rt. 1
wh!etyb
droa: ,
ttbe-
Qetclicor.siee,iini
be
d d'.137; o"
'y - •
school he only did so to place it in tie hands of the Chairman) ativised them to apoly iii a legitimate and cog,-'•P ten e by a west extensive retinue, cud accompanied by
pastor and the parent kr the child's benefit. Tie, stitutional manner. He did ant tike Tory associations to her numerous visitors. On Wednesday next a Brand re
-
Bible ; lie did not like Whig associations to he sewed; view of the lioesl H 10eise Guards 011 and tt;. 45th.
Bible is never taught in the common school except by be armed
rote. Mr. Simpson then glanced at the number of
and he did not like Radical Associations to be armed ; hut Regiment of Font, both regiments stationed at Windsor,
they must each in their various' towns hold public meetings will take place in the presence of lyr Majesty and hs;
sects which distinguish the Christian church, and asked '
and apply for arms in the manner that Lord John Russell illustrious guests in the Hone Park. The Duke of Wel
are we to have no system of national education because had directed all well disposed acid orderly people to lington, Lord Hill, Meier- Getters' Sir J.,mee Celtic
99 of these sects refute to receive that edutation from do.—(Loud cheering.) The propositions of the Con- Dalbise' (the Inspector- General of Cavalry), and several
the hands of the very respectable clergy of the Estab- ventionfis were, put in the form of cpoetions, Tee other distinguished military commanders- are expected to
lished Church ?On the contrary, while he would ive eost.
twheretliceirmvetl,riety would bel prepared at the be present. After the grand banquet, which will he given
justice, full justice to the Establishment, he would ggive re first
tw to
laieteeli rale, , all sums of on that day in " the Hall of St. Georg'," a fu!! dress b 'ti
nothing more, he would give perfect impartiality to all mane they ma individually y aave placed in wilt take place at the Castle in the evening. Hsr Mcjsety
the sects. The right of private judgment is the doe- savings banks, privatey iisriks orei
i .I;'evht.
or
oi.t.
whatnids of any per_
.dowsnostn elonstempdlate leaving Wnidsor for Burisin,stham
trine of the Reformation. In this position, then, stint. h 'stile t+ their just r;e-e.e. itt.;. , i., 0 Same Palace is the country and the masses placed. Shall we request, they would lie lie:wee:l to eeeve'et':73; ' Although ~I,turida,y.noexat. a
of
th,
wi . r .
!Ili•'. at district bats, have a proper system of education. System money into gold and sil.,tr: .'il Whether, if the'eCiro,rl,l:r isseed str-irt t • .to.;tinti.i.: tote' prohibit within their fby meant of which the great body of the peopio shall lion should detei mine taat a tarred month would bemire, -s: itiriS,lieti,,,.. ‘,.'i lon tb.at tecohonsig.slitm-ife
have the benefit of the great moral training of the facial. nary to previre the inillions to secure the Chatter of t'i, i,' Windsor, h .re been engaged f- 1 week i ' t'4''lS
' '
fur t itl o.y R "crest •eno
political salvation, they would firmly resolve to shstse, firm," a. il yell be onened with " s 5,000/. link" earte
ties, by which guidance a vast improvement in the from their labours durieg that rriod, as well as from the The followine is a complete list of the sppointrnents, in -
hearts, feelings, and conduct of the 'people will be ob- use of all exciseable articles. The next was, whether cc eluding the entries on Friday _
tained ? The truth of. this is so simple, that he who cording to their old constitutional right—a right which TUESDAY, MAY 2S.
runbeth may read. Let this be done, and the pastor m 4 r° legislators would fain anniliil t ' ti 'h
The Ascot Stakes of 25 soys, each 15 ft and five only if
of the flock meeting often with the young, by his reli- paredn'e themselvesn with the arms of freemenll towyd,
defend
pre- 15 &c with ' ' "
~ lOO added; the owner of the seeond horse
to receive 50 liars. out of the stakes. Two neles anal a half.
nious instruction will guide them in the way to heaven, laws and constitutional privileees their anct;s:ors tie_ Mr. ilowes's Epiriee 5 yrs, 9st. 61b.—Mr. Coleman's Cal-
The proposition, so simple, so self-evidently adeare qucathed to them. 5.h, Whet the; would provide
Brntue4l.66 ylrsie BsLl3lb.n—sCEaptaie Lamb's Chit (Thai, 5 yrs,
tageous to the whole community, is now turning Eng_ themselves with Chartist c eididates, so as to be pr. paled
Lord
land upsidedown with controversy. Look abroad, and to produce them for their repre.elita Ives at the Chesterfield's • Indus;sy, 4 yr.mlisirs7' 15,0X1r8:t-51.11)•-
643,3,.'5s
7sto.asn,tbutla,
witness what has been done and is doing for the educe- next general election ; and, if returned by a show of hands, 4 yrs, 7st 61h.—Mr. V. Dolphin's The Skater,
tion of the people. Mr. Wi him Chambers, in his ad- such candidates to consider themselves veritable re re- Mr. Shelley's Bay ranapten, 4 yrs, 7st. 41b.-111r. W. S. Stan-
ley'sWillesaen, 6 yrs, 7st. 41b.—D. of Richmond's Skilleygolee,
mirable Tour in Holland in the autumn of 1838, in. sentatives of the people—to meet in London at a time to
Ir. Garrard's Cornberou h 5 rs 6-t
forms us that in 1806 the Secretary of State is a rheas ohles re.' at
o
ftedreadleetesremluisnv on.
exclusively with Chartists,6tb
lVheathnedr it they
would tuYir„s.',,r7'c'..r.t2,llt —:
's wish you may get it, 4 ygtr , 6Yt ' Isl. .131 b.—
sued Circular Letter (and a most enlightened, admirable of per.secution rally round and protect ell thos:! wah"ocases Hyde ns Slender, 4 yrs, 6st. l llb.—Genera-1 Gr.o.svetho'v ft
6st. 41b---fir. T. good ns Bristolian. 4 trs, 6st.
letter it is) to all. the clergy in Holland, asking them, suffer in their righteous cause. 7th. Whether b all mayd dain'' 5 yes,
91b.—Colonel Anson's Niekelbr, 3 3 rs, 6st. 71b.—Mr.' Deeke-
that if the Government should give to the people is every means in their power they would perseverbyi I • can ray's Brushii-lryitsi,)6st.
,41b1.1.—nLgord Albemarle's lullealf, 4 yrs,
secular education, would they undertake to give reli. tend for the great objects of the People's Charter, :rind. lb.—Duke of
gious education ? The whole responded with delight._ resolve that no counter agitation for is les, measure of justice 611siti,h3tnitoLnd's COnfusiixoanne:, 3 3y'trsa."s3st.Yrl-osrdst.ns The
every sect and denomination of Christians cheerfull • should divert them from their righteous objects ; and Currier, 3 yrs, a feather—Mr. Forth's eh. f. by UxbridgeAlareh . ant, out
lastly—Whether the people would determine to obey all of Turquoise, 3 yrs, a feather.
assented to the proposition. 'The plan has been
and. the just and constitutional requests of the majority of the The Gold Vase, given by her Majesty, added to a Sweep_
in operation now for thirty years in Hell
stakes of '2O sort, each. Two miles.
There is no people more
religious
than the Dutch-4---..
Convention.—(Loud cheers.)
VI WALKER, of Radcliffe near Bury, moped " That , The Duke of Richmond's Confusionnce, 3 yrs—Capt. - t
ap . Der-
the, .e is nothing like religious disputes and ani- res icr. •aion of this meeting, that the peace, i. kel-y's Careen, 5 yrs—Mr. Faulconer's Slen.der,
l land prospe Th
m4dy,rrs—Mr.
rdaill's Mendizabal, 6 yrs Lord Exeter's Al'e
tnosities among them, but peace on earth, and tit of
y -ttlais country can only be secured
,s
ii:ju,b4 yrs
good will to men, the grand object of the !calling to her counsels anise men who areprepared'yier Al
'icAtY —I ca ing _
.. _
__ , to gra Mr. Rapier's Quo Minus, 4 yrs—Sir P. Collier
cot , 3 yrs—Lord Alb .merle's Domino, 3 yrs—Lord G. B e.sard,,
entinek s
Gospel Message is realise.d ; but we in Erie]; d .
. ean for Ito the people a full mea,ure of Re.orm, based on the prin. 1 Grey Momus, 4 yrs—Capt. Gardre '
a- s c. by Rowton out of
. .
want of a proper
moral trat„ing• have just so much of ' eiples of the People's Charter..
Bustle, 3 yrs.
much of religion as to make us hate one another. The Rev. W. V. JACKSON seconded the resolution, l Sweep-rakes of 50 sews. each, h. ft. - For two-yrs old colts,
Mr. O'CoNeota in supporting the resolution said he • Bst. 71b. ; and fillies, Bst. 31b. Te
Such, then, are the objects to be attained—such i. three last quarters of the
s ,
1 New'Mile.
the nature of that system of education which is euitable should not have been present had not the magistrates do.
Sir G. Heatheote's b. c. Sophocles—Lord Exeter's b. c. by
to the faculties of man in the Great Creation, of which • dared the meeting illegal. He had come that day because E '
the proclamation of the Queen declared that an unconstitus - Reveller, oct of Galate—Lord Albemarle's b. f. Clover—Lord
he forms so distinguished a part ; time is on the win •
thg tional meetiae. He was there in his own person, as a , Albemarle's arLlen's.dchi..,:efl.i Fl,:x,.i.te-Mr. T. H Stirling's eh. c. Cones
end the supremacy of the law of mind is above
Barrister, to prove that at all events he looked upon the "'a.— . ' ' ed b sister to Hector—General Grosvenor's
law , .
of the members ; aeall-wise, benevolent God on f • meeting as being both l _ and Fitt Gees.
eeel coest;tetioi . 1 ' f.
;1 7 i
. •
11S NI declared it ;itis a doetrule. old in Seri ,- - the numbers resent '"L'
au'. i —". i".estY 5 Platt of 10i-f eel a•es 'ii Id, 7e. ?,:i'-;
'Flub 1 . - ' .
he had , fear yrs, 9A. 2411,; five tie;, jet .„ : r„t.'" „r9,,;„°; 10, 7A1.4.
yet , I he, thought
becauseP _ justified_ course
hare, bus_, unfortunately ter the human race, as but teken. He. was there he t, oeglit the post of &neer. ' ''''' ts tt ' " ' '''
. ' -''''' -"" •"----', ''''
-
e , so s r s t,,t. ,sf w tiii ..., .4
' .4.4%.1''',', w4,-e retire: arid in
-
...••••••••••10.11.11.1.0.11.111111111M...11.0 .- -.- ... ;II 1111;,.....,

Mr. WILLIAM AITKEN, of A.lttoti-nucler-L.
That this meeting pledges is If t., ;o;,port tl;e lick-
gate aof the NAtional. Couvi wi n o •
discharge the constitution ,1 . .
their constituents, and ,houl!! tlt D . c pi •,-e,l
in peril, by any p arty or faction r rr,e ,t•
of the laws, we shall defend them f ty er tee..
Con by every ineatu, moral and pl,ysieQl, at our disposal."
Mr. floonEs seconded the motion.
Mr. TILMAN, of Hulme, supported the resolution, which
passed.

- Mr. Thos. BIRD, of Bury, movt-d—" That we, the
people of south Lancashire, approve of the Manifesto
and
by the Convention of the Industrious Classes,
and
hereby pledge eitrselve;, one and all, to carry out the ill_
terior measures recommended in the same; by every meaus
in our power."

Mr. RICHARDS, from the Potteries, seconded the revolu-
tion, which was supported by Mr. Wm. ESSLER, of Stock-
port, and passed.
Dr. FLETCHER then put to the meeting the six •
sitions or questions propounded by the Conveii,ii,
were read by the worthy Chairman, in hi,. 4,o:;ii 4.: a...
dress), all of which were answered in the affirm titi
The Chairman then left the chair, and a vote of tha, k,
having been given to Dr. Fletcher, for his conduct in to,.
chair, three cheers were given for Mr. Stephen'; three
for Mr. O'Connor; three for Dr. Taylor and the Na-
tional Convention; three for the People's Charter; and
three for old King Richard Oaatler. The proceecings
terminated precisely at two o'clock, in sufficient time not to
interfere with the hurdle races.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
