POLISH MEDAL.

A medal in commemoration of the Polish Revolution
is about to be struck in Paris, of which the following is a
description :
The ohver•e side of the medal represents the shield, the
11,gs, and the arms of the provinces which took part in
the revolution of 1830 and 1831, and bears the following
inscription :

" Pulonia, Lithuania, alixque regiones Russize, imperio
inique suhditra libertatem vi et armis querebant, anno
1830-1831. I❑ rei memoriam Lithuana Consociatio."

The reverse represents the Polish people under the figure
of a man bursting his chains, whose athletic form is the
symbol of strength and courage. The legend is taken
from the Odes of Horace—" Non si male nunc et olim
sic erit."

The following statement accompanies the prospectus.
We have ao doubt that the medal will be worthy of its
subject, and command an extensive circulation
" The Lithuanian Society, established in Paris on the
10th of December, 1831, with the view of collecting
materials relative to the revolution of the Lithuanian und
other Polish provinces, of forming a complete account of
that event, and of preserving as a precious deposit the
common nationality of those countries, has determined to
perpetuate by a medal the memory of that revolution ;
an object so honourable, a tribute of admiration so well
deserved, furnishes the strongest appeal to the friends of
Poland, who must all wish to possess a memorial of the
most glorious, the most legitimate, of revolutions.
" The martyr of the cause of liberty, sacrificed to the
most frightful tyranny, forcibly united to an empire which
endeavour.' to rob her even of her name, Lithuania, after
years of suffering, took up arms to avenge so many crimes
and to become again a part of Poland. The Poles of the
Wilia and the Niemen were the same as the Poles of the
Vistula ; the same shouts of liberty and independence
were raised on every spot of Polish earth, the same sacri-
fices were made, the same devotion, the same love of their
country was every where exhibited. If Lithuania has
heen overpowered, if the men whose duty it was to direct
her noble spirit have failed to employ with effect her im-
mense resources, we ought, whilst deploring that great
calamity, to do justice to a people who have so well de-
served to be free. Forty years of slavery only served to
make them more bitterly detest the chains with which
they had been loaded by a foreign Monarch. The whole
mass of the people, even old men, women, and children,
united in the common cause under the same banners. C.lll
such efforts, such sacrifices, be once more rendered vain by
the alliance of those who have sworn the destruction of an
heroic nation? Shall the tyrant again pollute this sacred
soil, watered by the tears and the blood of so many be
roes? And will civilized Europe allow the extermination
of a whole people? No! Poland will avenge the blo id of
her children. Poland will again become free and inde-
pendent; her scattered sons, now without assistance,
without refuge, on one hand driven back with violence, on
Abne7.9aValliTte-gOcCalo their native land, proud of her
glorious progeny.

" POLAND FOR EVER
:Signed) " President, Count CIESAR PLATER
Signed) " Secretary, LEONARD CHODZKO.'

MNEMONICS.

An introductory lecture in the French language on the
art of assisting memory was given on Thursday morning
at the City of London Tavern by M. de Castillo, who,
we understand, is a Portuguese refugee. Though we de-
nominate this an introductory lecture, its more proper name
perhaps would be a public test or essay of the lecturer's
powers of memory, the result of the system he professes to
teach. As the exhibition was merely to display the effi-
cacy, not the principles, of the lecturer's plan, he did not
deem it advisable to ewer into any details concerning his
method, but confined himself to challenging the audience
to interrogate him on any point they pleased, contained iu
a printed list, comprehending 1.5,000 questions. These
questions were perfectly miscellaneous, referring to chro-
nology, history, statistics, chymistry, &c. &c. Upwards
of 100 questions from this list were put to M. de Cas-
tilhoonti were answered by him without the least hesitation,
and with perfect correctness. He next proceeded to state
the ratio of the circumference to the diameter of the circle,
calculated to 129 places of decimals. This arduous repe-
tition he performed without committing a single error.
The next essay, or what the lecturer, in his prospectus,
called the dernire epreuce, was, however, still more ex-
traordinary. Having furnished his audience with blank
cards, he requested them to write thereon anything they
choose in the French, Spanish, Portuguese, or Italian lan.
guages. This was done, and seventeen of the cards were
returned to him. He read over their contents, pondered
an instant on each, then threw them all aside, and
challenged his auditors to exercise his memory in any way
they pleased, with respect to what the cards contained.
He was asked to repeat their contents seriatim. It w
putting human memory to a test indeed to call for the re-
petition of the contents of 17 cards thus fortuitously cast
together, and on which only a glance had been previously
bestowed, hut to M. de Castilla, this seemed a task of little
difficulty. He repeated the whole with only (me failure, and
that was the being obliged to ask for the beginning word
of one of the sentencts,—an Italian one commencing,
In questo mundo, He then requested the audience
to ask him to repeat the contents of any particular card of
the 17, and he went through a regular cross-examination
of this kind with perfect success. This almost incredible
effort of memory closed M. de Castillio's introductory lec-
ture. He intends, he says, to give but one ceut se of lec-
tures in this country, and he will engage to make his
pupils masters of his system in that single course. We
have no doubt he will meet with prompt encouragement
in any country where literature is an object of cultivation,
provided his plan of assisting memory is simple and not
very difficult of acquirement : of its efficacy, after the evi-
dence we have adduced above, there can be no doubt.
We observe, by his adaertisement, that the Professor in
tends to forward the profits of this course to the Govern.
!tient of her Majesty the Queen of Portugal, est iblished a
Oporto, in aid of the cause of the liberty of his country.

The two men apprehended at Tewkesbury on
suspicion of having robbed the Plough Inn in that town,
and upon whose persons nearly 6001. was found, curiously
concealed, were re-examined on Monday list ; they still
persisted in their former story, but as many circumstances
appeared to connect them with the robbery, they were
remandel until Friday. A communication having in the
mean time been made to the Lord Provost of Glasgow on
the subject, two persons were despatched from that city
to Tewkesbury, where they arrived in time to hear their
anal examination. It now appears that the three brothers
were, as the prisoners stated, butchers in Glasgow, and
had suddenly decamped with about 1,000/. belonging to
their creditors; and it is therefore presumed that the
individual now at large has with him several hundred
pounds. The robbery for which the Merediths were
apprehended is involved in much mystery, but there is no
reason now to suspect that they were the guilty parties, or
indeed that they knew anything at all of the transaction.
They were dismi.sed by the Magistrates on Friday, and
left that town (or Glasgow, in company with the indivi-
duals who came from thence after them,
