INDIA IlciUS E,

Ofoty 8, t 81.2.
THE. COURT of DIRECTOR. S of the VA ITED
CuMP)lld of MERCHANT. of ENGLA.VD Tr;d.
ing to tbe East Indies, do bereby give Notice,
That 'all Bills of Exchange drertun on the Court from bead,
and intended for reinvestment on the Terror C,nditions pub..
lisbed the t2th 74 last, will be all wed the be nest of thwe
Conditism4 if tendered fc thatpurpore; at the Aro/int.:Kt-Gene-
ral's Oen., in this Route; on or before thec3tsl December, 18 rz.
WILLIAM RAMSAY, Sir.

DEBILITY, ST RIC TURES, &c. •
• ENCOURAGED by the uniform success at-
tending their peculiar method of treating a few preva.
Ic.:itt Complaints, contirmed-by the experience of many years
in a very extensive praClice, sensible also of the happy edects
resulting, to' the public from men of professional,skill con-
fining their attention to a certain class ut Diseases,' NlessrS.
GOSS and CO. continue to dired their studies-to those
disorders arising fi%)in a .secret destrudive habit ~,t- incon.
siderate 3 ouch, which not only occasions a nu:rierous
of •nervous Aledions, but entails also on its votaries the _
enervating imbecilities of old age. In all suchdi•tressing
cases of Debility or t)eficiency, as regularly educated Si...
geons of Loudon, they otter a firm, safe, and perten Remo.
ration to sound and vigorous Health. In the early stage or
the Venereal Disease they are enabled, ,by a safe and supe-
rior mode, to effectually • remove every vestige of the coin.
plaint in two or three clays, and ever in the most deplornoie
stages of this melancholy diSorder, hOwever inveterate cr
complicated, their plan of treatment (without resoraint in
diet or exercise) insures to the patient a perfeet, speedy, awl
radical cure: As frequently arising from or conneded with
the above complaints, Gleets and Striertures have nor escaped
their
,attention ; for by improved, mild, and efficacious
means, they pledge themselves to remove such diseas.es,
whether recent or of long duration, without resortirfg to the
painto I and dangerous.use of the caustic.
Such has been the agreeable result of a pracaice of fifteen
years, that their mode of watnnent has not in one single in-
stance ever proved abortive; during which period - mans'
thousand persons of both sexes have experienced the happy
,enjoyment of being perfectly eured,•after severe and-injurious
methods had been persevered in by others to no purpose.
These considerations first induced-Messrs GOSS aid Co.
publicly to offer their advice, and they presume their Ore•
tensions constitute a fair ground for the unprecedented con-
fidenee with which they have by the Itablic been sulibera.l.
ly }immured.

To-be consulted' at their house daily, personally, or by
letter, by Patients ot either sex, with the greatest se,:recy,
delicacy, and honour.

Patients in the country stating the particulars of their case,
age, manner of living, &c. &c. int:losing a bank Note for_
advice and medicines, the same will be forwarded to any part
of the kingdom.
UOSS and Co. Surgeons, No. r 3, Bouverie• street, Flee.-
stree.t..

HAILS.

ARK IVKIJ-1 Cadiz, t Lisbon,V I Malta, t Heligoland,
3 Dublin, t Waterford. Dui—t Cadiz, t Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS.
THIS DAY AC TWILLV b'CLOCIC.

Consols

60iii

T Ti

S GT N.

SOLEM QVIS DICER& fALSUM AUnEAT?

LONDON,

MONDAY, MAY 11, 1812.

We have received Paris Papers to the 6' h inst.—
We have extraaed iron-I'lllm one very important
attiele, which affords official confirmation to the
private accounts which previously reached us, of the
great scarcity of grain in France, and of the distur-
bances which have in consequence taken place.—
The article to which we allude is a -Decree issued
by BITONAPAUTE, in which,, after stating that there
remains grain enough in France to meet' the con-
sumption, and admitting that there is great distress
felt in many parts, he proceeds to make regulations
which could only proceed from the most absolute
power, as they put all the grain of the country under
the immediate controul of Government. There is
no news from the Peninsula in these papers. It
-seems highly probable, that this great scarcity of
grain and of provisions in general, is one great
cause why BOONAPARTE has not yet put the great
army which he has assembled in' the North in
motion. It is stated by those who have" late-
ly left Paris, that the habits of BUONAPARTE
hive lately undergone a considerable change ;
instead of that incessant aaivity, for which he was
formerly distinguished, he is, it is said, grown
heavy, lethargic, and. averse to exercise, to which
change is ascribed his long delay at Paris, after the
assembling of his army. We are inclined, however,
to- ascribe his remaining so long in the Capital to
political rather than to physical causes. A Gen-
tlema►n who quitted Parii on the 2d instant, states,
that the utmost precautions have been adopted by
the French Government to repress the discontents
of the people, arising from the want of trade and
tl.e 'scarcity of grain. All the large towns were
strongly garrisoned, and troops assembled in the
most commanding stations. The Executive ap-
peared to be apprehensive of an explosion, and
several regiments which had received routes for Ger-_
many, had been countermanded.

The Gazette and the Supplementary Gazette of
Sa4urday last, contain the official details of the epe-
i'ations on the frontiers of Portugal, and of the cap-
ture of the Rivoli, the substance of which we had
previously communicated to our readers. The French
Generals are making every effort to delay the period
of their retreat from the western and southern parts
of Spain, but there seems every reason ho believe
that that event must soon take place.

Mr. WA mimAN's Party had their annual dinner,

on Saturday last, in the City. It was aitended by
eight or nine Members of Parliament, among whom,
we are .;otry to say, was the Ntircp3is of l'AvisTpcx.

Mr. WatinmAN after dinner descanted upon the

principles of the Constitution with as much fluency,
but not with so much information, as he would upon
the cio.ilities of cottons and muslins. Mr. WHIT-
BREAD W;IS received in a much more flattering way
than he was on a former occasion ; and we think with
justice, for that gentleman's political principles and
style of oratory are assimilating more and more
every day to those of Mr. WAITHDIAN. It is hardly
necessary to say that Sir FRANCIS BURDETT was
loudly applauded ; but we are quite. unable. to ac-
c.,:tit for the circumstar,ce of his health being draiik
cider ;hat of Mr. WUITBREAD. We are not aware
t at the worthy Baronet has done any thing to
I.)ff-eft the pre-eminent . rank which he has hi-
rto held in the esteem of Mr. WAITHAIAN
'ind his friends, and be must, we should think, feel
co:,siderable pain at the public preference thus given
t, Mr. W. We.are sure that our Headers will

e;cuse us
.for not entering into a detail of the
speeches tliat were made upon this occasion ; they
will however perhaps be surprized to hear, that
when Mr. WAlrumAN proposed Mr. WHITBREAD'S
health, the latter was so overpowered by the corn-

that he was almost " bereft of the power
of Lit teracCe," and that when Mr. WHITBREAD re-
. tiirned the compliment by proposing the health of
1% jr. WAITHMAN, the latter could not find words to
vxpiess his feelings.—The speeches of the other
Geotletrien were quite in the'usual style. Major
CA RTwitiGHT, ritirabik diaU, did not say any thing
' about the posse comitat us .

A notice was Ibis morning affixed to one of the
pillars of the Royal Exchange, signed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and dated Treasury Chambers,
Bth May, and addressed -to the Chairman and De-
puty Chairman of the East India Company, inform-
ing them that Goveromeut would permit the ex-
pottation of Tea to France, for six months; in ,nts-

sets properly licensed, ,on condition that a laOnd for
double the value of the Tea be given that the Tea
is really lauded at ti port of France.

An account has been received that the following
ships, on the 18th March last, were in latitude
t 6 N. longitude 25. W. viz.—Winchelsea, David
Scott, Royal George, Cajfliells, and ,Surat Castle.
The following ships arrived AI Madeira on the 2d
of April last, under convoy of his Majesty's ships
Theban and Princess Caroline, and were expe6ted
to sail from thence on the 22d of that Mouth, viz.
Bombay, lPexford, Alnwick Castle, Cirencester,
Elphinstone, and Marquis of Huntley ; the Glattod
separated from the fleet in the night of the ;.8111
March, in a gale of wind.
The extra ships Indus, Ann, and Lord Keith ar-
rived at Madeira the 2-Ith of April, having patted
from his Majesty's ship Hotspur by signal in the
evening of the I.9th of that month, in Lat. 35. N.
Lopg. 16. to. W. which ship was proCeeding with

the City of London, and the extra-ships Sovereign,
Harriet, pnd Sir William Bensle.y., bound to

Madras.

On Saturday Princesses AUGUSTA 311C1 SorHIA
took- a morning airing on 'horseback in Windsor
Great Park, accompanied by Lady THYNNE, Miss
QNsLow, Generals GWYNNR and DE Burn, and
Colonel TAYLOR. The QUEEN, Princesses ELIZA-
BETH and MARY, took a ride to Frogmore, and
walked in the gardens for about an hour.
The Archbishop of CANTERBURY gave a grand
entertainment at Lambeth Palace on Saturday last.
The Duke of-Bucet.aucx gave. a grand dinner,
on Saturchy, at his house, in Hill-street, Berkeley-
square.

Lady LILIAS M'Ciusex gave an elegant Ball a'nd
Suprer, on Friday evening, to a select Party, in
Hertford-street, May Fair.

Mr. R mus gave a sumptuous dinner, on Thurs-
dAy, to the Duke of ARGYLL, Lords ALVANLEY, and
H. Mom?, Mr. BRUMMELL and Mr. BURRELL, Sir
H. /VII LDMAY, &C.

CADIZ PAPERS.

CADIZ, APRIL 23. -It is confidently reported tha

our Government and the British have 'entered into
a treaty, by which we are to receive 100,000 mus-
kets, 100,000 sets of cloaths, and 10,000 equip-
ments for horses every year, and 100,000 rations
daily.
CADIZ, APRIL e i .--The English ship, the Argo,
has arrived, and will shortly proceed to Constanti-
nople, with Mr. Liston, Mr. Frere, and Sir Robert
Wilson. In the Grampus have come Commodore
Cockburn and Mr. Sydenham, Commissioners on
the part of their Government for the adjustment of
the differences with our Americas, whither they
will instantly proceed, after having conferred with
our Government. Four boats have arrived in Huelva
in thirteen hours, the Masters of which state, that
at the time of their sailing, several vessels had been
embargoed, for the purpose of conveying a corps of
English troops which were in Mertola, and were to
aet in the county of Niebla ; they likewise assert,
. that the allies had beaten a French corpt, consisting
of 7000 men, commanded by Soult, and made a
great number of prisoners.
SEVILLE, APRIL 12 —Our hopes of being soon
free from the hard and ignominious slavery in which
we unfortunately are, are strengthened. resterday
Swett and his Staff entered this city, escorted by 40
dragoons ; and to-day we have the flattering report
of his having come from Lora del Res, because the
Euglish cavalry wete punishing the rear of the French
creeps.
'The enemy have surprised the Junta of Burgos,
and committed treat cruelties upon it.
CADIZ, APRIL 16.—The report that the Swedish
'Government has had communication with our's, and
offered to supply it with arms and field-pieces, gains
very general credit.
CADIZ, APRIL 11.—Yesterday Te Deum was
sung for the re-conquest of Badajoz : at night the
enthusiasm and joy at the Theatre was general, and
Wellington's March was played.
In the Cortes, on the loth inst. letters were read
relative to the taking of Badajoz, upon the concha-
-sion•of which the appluse was general. El Conde
de Toreno made the following proposition :—The
Cones express their most sincere acknowledgments
to the brave and wise Lord Wellington, Duke of
Ciudad .Rodrigo, and the gallant troops under his
command. Approved with acclamations.
CADIZ, Aleut. 23,.—Yesterday a French flag of
truce went on board the British Admiral's ship, with
dispatches from General Villatte, Commandant of
the French line of blockade, for the Spanish .Genea
ral commanding in the Isla, to whom they were for-
warded. The objet was to propose a change of
prisoners. General Elio sent in writing the follow-
ing reply, which has been approved of by th%Re-
sency of the Spains.
" General—lt is far from my intention to inter-
cede with the Regency to agree to the exchange of
prisoners, which you propose to me iu your letter of
the 22d instant ; not prisoners, but slaves of
your's, are all good Spaniards who have the misfor-
tune of now being under your cruel bayonets.
" The voice of humanity, which you call upon
in your letter, conies with an ill grace from the
mouth of a Chief who has the misfortune of com-
manding monsters who are destined to destroy with
the bayonet, or cause to perish with hunger, the in-
nocent Spanish people, who have committed the
crime of defending the land in which they- were
born, the legitimate King whom they have S!40111 to
obey, and the religion of their forefathers.
" The exchange which I, orr my part, offer your
Excellency, is the assurance, that a million of Spa-
niards are now ready cheerfully to die, plovided
they take in their company an equal number of
their oppressors; who in, vain attempt to subjugate
Spain, and that this is the (nest favoutahle view, the
state of the cause you defend o4cra your Excel-
lency. " Eeio."

SECOND EDITION

SUN-OFFICE -TWO o'cLo;:n.

Government have received Dispatches from Earl
WELLINGTON, the contents of which they issued
this day in the. following

LULLETIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Downing-street, May is, t 812..
A llispltch has been received frorn the Earl of
WriLLtsGTON, dated Arfayaies, 24.11 April.

His Lordship's. army having continued its march

in the direaion of the above place, the enemy re-
tired before him, and their rear-guard crossed the
Agueda on the 23d, retreating upon 'formes.
A body of Portuguese Militia having been col-
le&ed at Guarda previously to Lord WELLINGTON'S
movement to the. Northward, MAItMONT _had
marched. against them on the 14th April with a
considerable force, which obliged the Militia to re-
treat and their rear-guard having fallen into con-
fusion, about 150 of them were made prisoners.

Upon the 1.51 h, the enemy moved towards Bri•
gadier--General WILSON'S corps at Lagrasa, and
drove in his out-posts,-but on that night began
their retreat, and Gen. WILSON re-occupied Guarda
upon the 17th April.
While .IMARNIONT collected his forces for this
temporary incursion into Portugal, Gen. ABADIA
had moved a Spanish corps into Leon,' and had ob-
tained some partial successes. Don JULIAN SAN-
CHEZ, had likewise been very successful in Castile
against the enemy's convoys and communications.
It appears that General BALLASTEROS did not en-
ter Seville du'ing SOULT'S absence from that city.
General DROUET is at Puente Origuna in Cor-
dova, and Marshal SOULT at
