be observed on such occasions have been fulfilled, and that
the persons removing can shew that they intend and will be
able to take up some good and useful mode of life. The
Government, in a late notice of 12th October, reminded
the public that a person who has the rights of a citizen in
the province of Posen, does not by any means possess them
in the other provinces, where they may be wholly withheld
from him.

It is expected that the institution of arbitrators or um-
pires will be extremely useful, especially in commercial
affairs, and will prevent a great number of law suits, as dif-
ferences will be settled by a simple arbitration, which, if ita
terms are not complied with, will have such legal force that
even execution may take place. Gratitude is due to the
exertions of the Government to improve and simplify the
administration of justice, and to adapt it to the present
times ; even at the expence of the public revenue, which,
on a moderate estimate, may probably suffer a diminution of
to the amount of four millions.—Frankfort Papers, N0v.27.

STATE OF PUBLIC OPINION

IN THE COUNTRY.

BERWICK-UPON-TWEED.

At a numerous meeting of the friends of Sir Francis
Blake, held at the King's Arms, on Saturday, the 29th ult.,
it was unanimously resolved—that in testimony of their ad-
miration of his most honest and upright conduct, as the re-
presentative of the Borough of Berwick, to return him at
the next election free of all expense to himself ; and to
effect this, a public subscription has been entered into by
the Reformers, and from the spirited manner in which it
has begun, there is no doubt their object will be accom-
plished. This does honour to Berwick, and is worthy of
imitation in other towns.

TUNBRID GE—KENT.
(From the Morning Chronicle.)

A meeting of the friends of the two representatives
(Messrs Rider and Hodges) of the western division of the
county of Kent, took place yesterday at Tunbridge.
Mr. NORMAN having taken the Chair,
Mr. HODGES presented himself, and was very cordially
received. He had heard from various parts of the country,
that at the last election many tradesmen and tenants who
had acquired the right of voting, under what was called the
fifty-pound tenancy-at-will clause of the Reform Bill, had
been coerced to give their votes in a particular manner.
That was undoubtedly an evil that could not be too strongly
deprecated ; and having been one of the supporters of that
clause of the Reform Act, he felt it necessary to state that
when he voted for it he did so under the conviction that the
landed tenantry of the kingdom sustained a large portion
of the local and national taxation, and that therefore it was
only just (if the ten-pound qualification were established in
boroughs) that the landed tenantry holding leases of a cer-
tain specified amount should participate in the franchi e of
counties. But he had no intention of creating a body of
slaves, or of enfranchising a class of men who should be
wholly subservient to the dictates of their landlords.
Mr. RIDER then came forward, and declared that in con-
sequence of the assurances of support which they had re-
ceived from all quarters, his Honourable Colleague and
himself had determined, in the event of a dissolution of Par-
liament, to contest the representation of that division of the
county with any opponent who should be bold enough to
enter the field against them. If the Duke of Wellington,
in opposition to the general wishes of the people, should
succeed in retaining the reins of Government, he (Mr. Ri-
der) could never give his support.—(Cheers)
Three cheers having been given for each of the Represen-
tatives, the meeting separated.

HULL.
(From the Hull Observer of Tuesday.)

MEETING OF MR. HILL AND HIS FRIENDS.
Mr. Hill arrived in Hull yesterday afternoon. In the
evening a numerous meeting of the electors and others was
held in the large room of the Cross Keys, which was
crowded to excess—we should think not less than 500 per-
sons were present. On entering the room with his friends,
the worthy member was received with warm and repeated
plaudits.

Mr. HILL ascended the platform, and, after the applause
had subsided, addressed the audience nearly as follows :
Gentlemen, I saw, as every one of you must have seen, that
a day was coming when that power of Toryism which the
exertions of the people of England had beaten down for a.
time, and, by their victory, had secured that great measure
the Reform Bill—l saw that the serpent was only scotched
and not killed—you, all of you, must have felt that the time
would come, when they would again try the same question
with us. Now, we had clearly beaten them down once, but
in that victory, though we had beaten them down, we had
not yet utterly'destroyed them. They have brought on a
great, and I trust, a last battle.—.( Hear.) lam glad that
the great question is again to he tried, now and far ever—
*cr..l=lr! of PhErland will have a Tory mivernment
or not.—(Loud you (,ve the power
in your own hands.—( Hear.) The people of England have
the power in their own hands—of saying whether or not this
shall be ; and for my own immediate part, I say this, that
if the people of England endure a Tory government, they
deserve to be cast down into the lowest state of degradation
and slavery.—(Loud cheers.) I have no compassion for the
people of England if they endure it—l, for one, will
never lift my voice in their favour again—(Hear)—I, for
one, shall think them a degraded set of men, below even
those who have been reduced into intellectual degradation
by long ages of bad government and slavery.—(Applause.)
Gentlemen, we must expect, no doubt, that all the power
of the Corporation in this town, and in all others, will be
bent against us. They are here upon their last trick.—
(Cheers.) If they lose this game they never will hold
cards to play another.--(Laughter and cheers.) And de-
pend upon it that nothing will be spared—no expense will
be considered too great, no sum too large, to be spent to
secure at least one vote in favour of Corporate abuses—
one supporter of Tory domination over the people. I
believe, upon my conscience, if your worthy Corpnratl.on
were to mortgage the Guildhall—( Loud laughte!)—and
found any who would take their mace in pawn:—(Shouts of
laughter, followed by three cheers by whole company)
—that when all other modes of 'raising money have fhiled,
these will be resorted to to prevent two Reformers from
representing the people of Hull.—(Cheers.) 'The Reform
Bill was a good and noble measure, but it was not a perfect
one ; the Reform Bill was a great victory over the enemy,
but it was not a perfect conquest. You want, in order to
secure you from that oppression which your richer and
more powerful neighbours are too frequently attempting to
effect upon you—you want the security of the Ballot.—
(Cheers.) So long as I have been able to form a political
opinion, my opinion has been, that, although much may be
said, and justly said, on the other side, yet the balance of
reason, and argument, and fact, are in favour of the Ballot
—(Applause)—therefore lam a friend of the Ballot. I
think the Septennial Act, and I believe I stated so when
first in this room, the first day I saw Hull, or spoke to any
inhabitant of the town—in my opinion, the Septennial Act
was one of the greatest acts of tyranny that had ever been
perpetrated on the country.—( Applause.) I have voted
against the Septennial Act. You know, if that Act were
repealed, the former one would come into operation, and we
should require nothing more to give us Triennial Parlia-
ments. I think that the suffrage is too limited—that con-
fining it to 161. householders confines it to too narrow limits.
(Hear.) My feelings have always been, as I have stated
over and over again from this spot, that, in proportion as
the people become rightly instructed—and they have as
much right to instruction, in my opinion, as they have to
security from Government—in proportion as the people
are rightly instructed, the suffrage ought to be extended,
and that there is no bound to it but universal suffrage.—
(Loud
and continued cheers.) But, gentlemen, do ilot
mistake me. I have never flattered any man, or any set
of men. I have never concealed my opinion for any man
or set of men. lam not at this moment prepared to vote
or to speak in favour of universal suffrage ; but I am pre-
pared to extend it as far as household suffrage.—(Mr. Hill
concluded amidst most enthusiastic cheers.)
Mr. ACLAND,- having been loudly called for, rose, and
from the gallery addressed the company at considerable
length. The enemy, lie said, was in the field ; and had
that day been canvassing, from house to house in many dis-
tricts, in favour of the Corporation nominee. He asked if
they could hesitate to support two reformers—for if they
did, they supported the corporate nominee—the represen-
tative of the Tories of the town. Mr. Hill had spoken as
he (Mr. Acland) was sure Mr. Hutt would speak, upon
the subject of splitting votes between a reformer and an
anti-reformer. It was important Mr. Hutt should do P-
.,
to maintain his character in Hull and beam the
He called
and that he would do so he pledged Ilianapir 'country,
upon all reformers to Anita—each" 4..
on the alter of his country.. -o make some sacrifice
feeling and cause 4,,0 lay aside all paltry personal
wsunion, and to come forward on the
4 presero •
occasion to snatch hold of the same oar, and pull
the same rope, till they had carried the vessel of common
integrity of Hull into safe port.—(Loud cheers.)
Three cheers were then given for Mr. Hill, three for
Mr. Hutt, three for Mr. Acland, and three for Messrs.
Bill and Hutt conjointly. The meeting then separated.

The Standard, as in duty bound, deprecates the
Westminster meeting of yesterday. " There were (it says)
about four hundred persons present." The Courier, a Wel-
lington paper, makes the number present " about 6,000." To
borrow the language of the Standard, " of course we need say
nothing more."—Morning Chronicle.

Mr. Robert Ferguson, who now sits for the burghs
of Kirkaldy, Dysart, &c., has started ft'? the county of Had-
dington, Mr. Balfour *::.;l,resent Member on the Conservative
inter-. '
/l
-..., aving m int:i
! ated his intention to withdraw oil ace":ant
of indisposition, should a dissolution take plwot
