high prerogative Judges as Lord Mansfield and Judge
Foster have argued in support of the practice, not on the
ground of any statute of Parliament, but upon that of
established usage, by which every long continued abuse
might be defended. The levying of ship money bad not
Only immemorial usage in its favour, but the solemn
opinion of the Judges of England, given on Hampden's
celebrated trial. Yet these is not a lawyer now in
England who does not admit that such a practice was
illegal, oppressive, and unconstitutional. So had the
practice of issuing general warrants a long course of
as age in its favour, but a decision of the enlightened
Lord Camden put an end to that practice for ever, and
the same Learned Chief Justice expressed his opinion in
not unequivocal terms against the legality of impressing
seam n. Sir James Graham's notions of justice and
equal rights do not induce him to hwe any qualms of

eon•cience on the subject. If the Royal navy were regu-
late t as it ought to be, able bodied and brave stilors
would never be wanting to man it. Let the system be
rlormed and the d fficulty of procuring a supply in time
of need will exist no longer. What an outcry used to he
raised in this country against the conscriptions of Bola-
pal te ! Yet the F, ench conscriptions were more just,
heeause more equal. than our impressment of seamen.
T..is ..ystem. and that of white and black slavery, ought
to perish together.—Morning Herald

ASSIZE INTELLIGENCE.

LANCASTER. Au°. 14.

William Hall was put to the bar charged with killing
and slaying Jane Hal, his wife, at Ashton under Line.
The deceased was unfortunately much given to di ink, so
as to neg'ret her home and family On the 2,1 of July
I st sLe was at home in a state of intoxication, when one
of the rh blren cone in about eight o elmk in the evening
and asked for his slipper; she refused to let him have a y,
upon which the boy went to a cupboard in the kitchen,
and began to help himself. The dec-ased fell upon him
ati, !pat him. He screamed out, and the prisoner came
from a shop where he was at work, and endeavoured to
put her away. :She took held of his waistcoat, and, in a
sort of sttueele, she tore it. He then hit her twice on
the head, sling "I'll teach you to tear toy rags," and
she fell to the errand. While on the ground the prisoner
give her three kicks on the hotly. Sc.. called out, " 0
my belly!" Sire tried to put her hand to the place, but
could not. S e stipe,ed the kitchen to go out,
and blood was on the floor all he way. The prisoner
helped f er as well as hr could, but she died in a v ry short
time. A surgeon was called, who stated that there .totild
he To' / doubt but that the kicks caused the injuries which
produced de it h.

Several espectahle p, r•onq gave the priAnner a very good
eh iracter for .01iriery and kindnes., especially to his chil
d.en, hut ,aid th -t he had ()igen been very much tried by
the conduct of the d.-cease.,, who, unfoitunately, wa+ of
vary depraved habits. A number of paanitickets wer,
found upon her.

The jury found the prisoner Guilty, but rem.mmtnded
him to mercy.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

GUILDHALL.

Yesterday a young in ,n, named Henry Perry. wan
charged with commit ine a ro• bery on ti e preceding night.
.T.hn Murrell, a lad, apprenticed to Mr. t eighton, a
surgeon, on his way hone from the Regent's P rk to
George-street, Blacktriars-road, about eight o'ckek the
pi reeding ei,ening, hying thirsty, went into thy- Rrd LiAr
public-house in Fleet-lane for a draught of beer, and wa,

shown into a Nkittle ground, lighted up. at the back of
the house. His brother-in-law was with him. Toe pri
Boner and some others were there, ta ho 'o-ced th-ir con-
versation upon them, urged them to drink out of their
pot, and prevailed upon them to play at skittles. A little
before nine o'clock, while his brother in-law was gone to
tt e bar, the prisoner suddenly struck him in the stomach,
and at the satin, moment snatched away his watch, strap-
ping a stout steal guard chain. The prisoner tau through
the house, and witness giving an alarm, his i•rothcr.in.
law pursued bim titl he secured him at the corner of New
Bri,lge street.

Air. Jackson (11urreb's brother-in law) corroborated
his evidence.

Tile prisoner wa. committed fir tr al.
B * W-STREET.

Klcxygcs JOE. ••••••••A Jonthman. from the land of eme-
ralds and potatoes, yclept by bis fancy friends Kicking
Joe,' but wh. se kg name i. Jaeph Kemp, was }ester
.lay hrought to this office. charged with i.aving admin•s-
tererl divers kirks upon the shins of no Itss than five of
his Nlajesty's 'lege subjects
It appears th.t Joe, who is a deputy stone-picker to a
master lapidary in the paving line, thought proper 'o in
bilge hims,-If with a sly drop, in coinFany with a friend,
at a public house in Vere-street, Clare-marke►, where he
was unluckily det.cted by his better half, ,vho re id him
so severe a lecture, that his kicking propensities were
suddenly arouse, and he gave her a foot with such
severity, on a place that shall not be named, that she
flew with the ripidity of a cricket ball from a hat, into
tie centre of the street, where Master Joe followed her,
and pr., ceed-ti to give her some further gentle correction.
Junes Solway, a policeman of the F division, who was
passine at the motnent, interposed, and endeavoured to
take him into custody, ►ut Joe let fly such a •ucce.sion
of kick. upon his shank-, that he ve.y quickly hooped
to a respectful distance. Four other men succeeded each

other in their endeavours to suppress i is violence, but lie
served them all in a similar manner, alai injured one of
them. Thomas R iv, so seriou•ly, that he w s completely
d cabled ; and it was not till a simult ineous at,ack of
some ilia n sp.•etators was made upon him, that he was
finiily secured and borne tiff to the station-house.
Joe, in his defence, pleaded the all powerful effects of
mar, and s.id 'hat he was merely giving his wife a hitt e
gentle correcti,m for interteiirig wit,, his social enjoy
inea•a, when the police, in his opinion, " unconstitution
111 " it,terfered with his natural and civil rights over Mrs.
Kerr p.

Sir F. ROE thought there was nothing either very
natural or very civil in the conduct of the prisiin-r
hut, on the contrary, that he had exhibited so much
brutality th.,t it was fit he should •uff-r either in his pulse
or his person fir his misconduct; and by way of warning
rgairist viuiilar prank- in future, he fined him 20s. for each
or in &Ind' of plyment, five several months'
imprisontn,n, in lieu if each respective penalty.
J declared his in ibility, from the low state of his
ex.•heritier, to find the iorin,.y, and was therefore consigned
to the luck. up until the period artiv,d fir conveying him
in the " B iw.sirert iiiiinitiii-" to th. of Correction.

MARLBOROUGH STREET.
ASSAULT It.hin.4m. 4 man of colour, and a
in• tither of t 1.,. lion Sari tv of Chinno-y-sweeper-., !nought
Mary 4 oomhs before Mr. DYER yestert.y, fur havine,
witill•ut cause or provocation, countintttd alsaidc and bat-
-0.-ry 1,p,),1 him on Satur jay
Plea..e put. I-I..n..n.abie Vet-hip, said Mr. Ro.,inson, I
h,,ceiipi,s the two fin: t cellars in Winegar-court, and has
never h d no i lru,i.h agiti m), car,, k er.

Why you've been cried at the Old Bailey, said Mrs,

It. w.rry true a 4 I vos tried, said Jo!.n Robinson, but it
0+ only once, a 1'- y Wig tim- ago, awl I vos perfert
inocent. yin in regard of thi,

hr re a.miititt, this eniiil hoom 64.,,...104, and
venever she su,eB my Suke, end my Suke seta ey,, on her.
.hey Away, him a yin dur tarn toreth, On Saturday,
j, at as I vOs a ger ing a bit of gruli, Mrs. R bins. n snare
tti my rePar, and sines nut, " H din chummy, here's a
customer vonts you." Veil. my bud, I puts my head
out of the cinder, ind afire I. itnow'a cot cue a coining,
e ciec)ies ho!d of my trice, and wrings it without the
least pint o' ceremony. Then, my L9r(l,. she vow away
with het flu at my fare, awl thinking she hadn't done
enough, -calls her sister, and hoth.on'eni. saryes me, out

tuvether, . .
Have you any witnesses, said Mr. DYER. of the assault ?
YeS, your Vriship, said Mr. It ,tnn-ua. I eta fnuiteeo
respeetuble vitn•ssrs nutmde. Please to ax fur Bill Viskins
first.

As soon as Bill Vilkins entered the office, Mrs. Giontbs
called our, " V), y •or Vwship, he au% only but ju,t
come out of Nrwgve."
ls that true what she says? ihquired Mr. DYER of this

Vy, your Vorship, said Mr. Wilkins, who did not ap-
pear
to relish this sanive of Mrs. Coamb's memory, I vas
tried, hut hoboty conl.l not prove n .thing awn we, and
I vas lihrhitnahly acquitted. As a proof on it, Mr.
Von ner, yen I sot out of Ntioot, a u v me five shillings
for the wile attack on my character.
Mr Dvita having permitted this witness to give evi
deuce his statement coincided with the story of the
complainant.

Mr DYER then applied to the defendant for her de-
fence.

This here misdemeanor, your Vorship, said Mrs.
Coombs, is along of hi. Sukey.
Who is this Sukey, inquirril Mr. DYER ?-She is my
h.,psk,rper, replied Mr. It ,binson.
Your homilt,eper, said Alia. Co..mbs,.
her heal, she is sitch a housekeeper as no respectable mar,
d woman, as I
.flaiters m m
myself I a, with a tOBB of.
ri
I,p,Vr•
.00/
cognection with,. and that's vy she spites me. Mil,.
Coombs proceeded to state, that in place of having- as-
saulted the complainant, she had been assaulted by him
