advantages much greater than they even ven-
tured to hope for.—Morning Post.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

A young man, who is called Paganini in Billings-
gate Market, where he has been for some time sup.
porting h.rnself by stealing Dutch plaice and other
flit fish, was charged by Mr. Goldham, the Clerk of
Billingsgate Market, with having stolen half-a-dozen
plaice.
Mr. Goldham stated that the defendant had a
knack of stowing fish about his person in such a
manner as to be able to walk away, without any sp.
parent addition to his size, loaded with the dinners
of twenty men. He had been long known as a
hanger-on, and had given him,elf up ro thieving, and
on Saturday morning cribbed the Dutch plaice in
question and put them in his trousers, which wer e
tied fast about the knees. The trousers, however,
were not so well secured elsewhere, and as he
walked along the tail of one of the fish stuck out
behind.---( Great laughter.)
The prisoner stared that it was quite a mistake to
say that he stole fish. The fish lie had about him
he had bought, and he hoped it would be restored
to him.

fhe LORD MAYOR sentenced the prisoner to two
months at the trenthnill.
MARY LEB ONE. _

ANOTHER 1...];•;/BARTIY3foRE.--Yesterday Ellen
Connor, a young woman who has figured at this
office for at least a doz-n times within the last few
months a la Barrymore, was brought before Mr.
RAWLINSON, under the following circumstances:—
A police constable found the prisoner on Sunday
ti'glit, about eleven o'clock, kick ng up a disturbance
in Oxford-s reet. On taking her into custody she
knocked hie down.

Ul /mien, an inspector of the L division (late of
Coven -garden division), stated that about 2 o'clock
in the morning the prisoner made a most furious
noise in her cell, and on gong down to see what
was the matter, she instantly laid hold of the chain
of his watch, and, drawing it forth from his fob,
dashed it in pieces against the wall.—(Here the
por inspector held up the fragments of his watch,
which ..ould have &heti the skill of the most expert
m cliattic to put together.) When she was re-
moved from her cell she contrived in the twinkling
of an eye to bleak about thirty shillings' Aorth of
glass in the station-house.
M as E len said that having repeatedly called for
something to drink, and nor finding her ordeis
obeyed, she, in her revenue certainly had been a
little ourrigenu- on the policeman.
Mr. RAWLINSON-1 shall send you for two months
to the H use of Correction.

Miss Eilen—You may tV4 well s-nd me to New-
gale, anti give me t,eveti years of it.
Mr. RAWLINSON—I think that would be the
better course.

The prisoner was then removed.

A GOOD CHARACTER !-A great noise was
was made in Carmarthen Town h H during the Aotizes a.
Sir JAMES SCARLETT was examining' a witness, wi.en he
imn:c ti ttely appealed to the Judge to commit the off-nd
inz parry mt. the interruption. Its L replied,
I hay- done all I can to keep orde ; I mtc.t say it is the
.at disorderly place I ever vi.ited in my life. You bays
no idea, Sr JAMES, how I have been annoyed all the
week."— Cambrian.

BURNING OF A SLAVE ALIVE.—But that
there anpears to he an air of circum-dan,iality and truth '
about the following, we should have deemed it too horrible
a a to y to he worthy of credence.—Extract from the Bos-
ton Liberator:-4. Ma.i.,arhusets, March 10. 1832.—1 n
the Liberator of the llth Lib., we pub 'shed an account
of a yo ne co oured girl, near Savannah, who was sen-
t-noi to be burned before a slow fire ! on a charge of
having fired the hhu-e of a planter ! This is the case, re-
f-reed to in the following communication :—At the late
meeting of the Colonization Society in this city, WILLIAM
LADD, Esq., made the following tuatement from positive
knowledge. A fresh imported slave, belonging to a south-
ern clergyman, having suffered sev.-rely during an inele
ment win er, made complaint to his master, and for do ng
so was felled to the earth. This clerical monster then
ordered a fire to he kindled near the senseless Ito 'y of the
slave, where it was slowly rotsted, and finally kicked by
him into the flames, and consumed to ashes ! Amet jeans !
Christians! this in the 19th century—in this boott.-d land
of freedom ! by a professed minister of the Loan JESUS
CHRIST !—and surh is slavery—such its paralysing effect
upon the heart and conscience. What ! contend for the
gradual abolition of a system which permits, or ,olerates,
or produces crimes so monstrous ! !"—B istel Mercury.
THE HOMICIDE NEAR BANDON.—Th e
Rev. Mr. LONGFIELD, of the parish of Desertserges, in
this county, claims 6001. or 7001. a year as payable to
him out of that parish, in which there are, we believe,
hut forty o-.• fifty Protestants. The people of Des Itserges,
not receiving religious instruction from Mr. LONGFIELD,
were slow or reluctant to pay him his tithes. The police
were at band to enforce the claims of the parson. Captain
VIGNOLLES, one of our stipendiary Magistrates, went out
yesterday morning, about h o'clock, from Bandon, at the
head of twenty or thirty of his men. Des rtserges is
not far from Bandon. The Captain and his party were
very soon in pa-session of the cattle of some of the recu-
sants against whom the Rev. Mr. LONGFIELD had claims.
We are informed that the cattle and the police were not
ha3f a mile from the place where the seizure had been ef-
fected, when some of the former (the cattle) went off the
high road into an avenue. Whether driven into the avenue
by the police, or by any of the people who followed them,
we cannot say, but in a few moments after this deviation,
the poice fired, and a man named QUINLAN was shot
through the head, and his soul sent before his Maker. It
is said that the people flung stones at the police. We are
happy to learn that none of the latter were hurt—and
that but one life was lust, though the police fired three
rounds at least. A squadron of the 7th Dragoons brought
the body of the deceased into Bandon yesterday. An in-
quest was to be held on it this day. Well, if tithes are not
extinct, some of those who thought they were so, are
extinct. —We have been told that the military proceeded
from Bandon, this morning, towards Desertserges. The
aged mother hf QUINLAN was crying, last evening, at the
Bandon Bridewell, over the bridy of her slain ann.— Co-k
Chronicle of Wednesday.—We find by the Cirk Reporter
of Thursday, that the following verdict was returned by the
Coroner's Jury :—" That the said DANIEL QUINLAN, on
the 12th day of M irch last, at Knucknagl ass, in the county
aforesaid, came by his death in an attempt to rescue cattle
distrained for tithe by a gunshot fired by one of a party of
police under the command of SAMUEL VIC NOLLES, Esq., a
Magistrate of said county, which shot wasfired in their own
defence by the police."

• During the past winter there was a most re-
markable occurrence on tl,e coast of Cornwall. The
pilchard fislieiy terminates in the month of S,ptember,
after which time the fish entirely disappear. To the
astonishment of the oldest fidtermen, on a calm day, in
tit- middle of December, numerous shoals of pilchards
sudden!y appeared in Mount's Biy.—The well-known
cry of hey t" was instantly raised, the nets hurried mom
the celiars, whe e they had been housed for the winter;
the pe pie said it was the mercy of Heaven, for they had
Just he n wis ed by the cholera, and were in poverty an I
despair. The women and children. as soon as the boats
pu•ihed off, lined the shore with joyful cries; in a short
time the nets enclosed the fioa, to the amount of six
thous old or eight thousand hogsheads. It was strange
and novel, in a dreary December day, to see the bay
covered with boats, and the hills with eager spec'ators;
for the fishermen had bargained with the owners of the
seine•, that half the fish should belong to t e poor fa
toilies. A similar event occurred 80 ,ears since on the
same spot ; but its rein,mbranee had almost passed away.
S nigh did the fi.li in one part approach, that some of
the carive shoals fl ated in d, u.e stray near the rocks.
Not one het Was b.okeii by their strueg.es tor liberty;—
in which case myriads will rush out, baffling all the hopes
i.f the captor, who sees thousands of pounds gliding in an
instant from his grisp The pilchards were scarcely
taken up and cellared—a wink that generally occupies
sevex ilays—when an ito,Hense quantify of 'nuke',"
came into the hay, as welcoin,-, mat, in regard to the
season, as untimely. They were caught in n •ts to the
amount of in my thousands ; every fain ly was thus rich y
supplied. There was hot a hovel from the Land's End.,
to the Latoil but had its winter stock of choice food ;
for such is the love of the Cornish for this kind of ifi• t,
that when, some years since, dui nig a season of gr• at
distress, soup was liberally provided fur their use in one
of the towns, the poor turned hum it with' disdain. It
it had been salt pilchards or mackerel, they said; they
would have been thankful or c.,nteut—but soup--,h
might do tor the French, but it shou d not tuucu time r
lips.—Literary Guuttg,
