INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT.

The Matters of the Petitions and Schedules of the Prisoners
hereinafter named (the same having been filed in the Court)
ore appointed to be heard, at the Court-house, in Portugal-
street, Lincoln's Inn-fields on FRIDAY, April 15, 1836, at
Nine o' Clock in the Forenoon.
Bond, F., Graham-street, Pimlico, linen-draper.
Fowke, R., Wolverhampton, chemist.
Garcia, A., St. James's-place, Aldgate, importer of Dutch grapes.
Hassel, E., Bath, stay-maker.
Balls, R., Hill-street, Finsbury-squaro, blacksmith.
Carpenter, D., George-street, Kent-street, Borough, labourer.
Agg, J., Wellington-place, Liverpool-road, Islington. bookbinder.
Bates, R., Brighton-terrace, Brixton, gardener.
N‘'ells, J. Heath-street, Hampstead, keeper of the Black Boy and
Still, Livery-stables.
A:lea, W., Ross, Herefordshire, slraw-plait dealer
Bays, J., Trinity-street, Rotherhite, shopkeeper.
C..4ton, S., Linthwaite, near Hudderfield, farmer.

On MONDAY, April 18.—Same hour and place.
Morris. J. W., Walworth-road, dyer.
Marehant, Z., Kent-street, Southwark, dealer in marine stores.
Euler, H., Guildford, Surrey, baker.
13,.:igough, H., Upper Stamford-street, Blackfriars-road, attorney-
-11-yton, H., Greenwich New-market, Greenwich, hair-dresser.
Elliott, A., Cleveland-row, St. James's, lodging-house keeper.
Siiiith, W., Lower Shadwell, wictualler.
Thompson, H., 114,h-street, Islington, upholsterer.
R'binson, E. H., Ipswich, hair-dresser.
Parker, J., Henry-street, York-square, Limehouse, clerk to a tim-
ber-merchant.
Arad&ll, C., St. John's-square, Clcrkenwell, watchmaker.
Heslop, C. L., South Weald, Essex, victualler.
Adjourned Case from the 16th of March, 1836.
Warster, J. 13., Garden- row, Crowe,street, Walworthl

The memorial, intended, for presentation to Mr. ex-
Daniel, mid sent round from door to docir by an
the ex-Aidermwa, in the parish of Bedminster, has
Illl‘'''k e'd:,:etrc3„n°niafn
stol Mercu rymitted to the safe custody of the grave-digger.—
i.

THE DOCK CONZUITTEE.—The Dock Comm.it-
tec, we understand, not finding
tions to respond to their bitter animosity against 0_ n.
the several mercautile associa-
tions
',oration, have determined to call a public meeting tiele‘
rate-
payers on Friday next. The
deputation chosen by the Dock
C ,mmittee to proceed to London in their behalf, eel': fists of
114,3gsrs. Potter Horsfall, Robertson Gladstone, and Nailer
.
Mr. 7 limas
Wright, backed and aided by the intrigues of
Foster. The very reading
Tof these names a declaration of
war against the people.synonymous with di altness,
They are e
bigotry, slavery, and ignorance.—Liverpool Chronick .

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, APRIL 13, 1936.

Though the House of Lords permitted the Irish
Constabulary Bill to pass the second reading last
night, yet we are not without serious apprehensions—
judging from the character of the discussion—that
they will so emasculate it in Committee, as to render
it not worth acceptance. The speech of the Earl of
HADDINGTON was very significant on this point,
particularly where he alluded to, what he called, the
" itinerant oratory and agitation" of Mr. O'CONNELL
last year. His Lordship worked himself quite into a
passion on this prolific theme ; but then, as if he
thought he had betrayed the cloven foot too palpably,
observed that his main objection to the Bill was, that
it gave " too great an increase of patronage to his
MAJEsTY!s Government." He added, in reference to
some of the clauses, that he further objected to the
measure, because " the constable was forbidden to
afford any aid, except where forcible resistance was
proved, on oath, to have taken place. First of all, a
riot must take pace, and then the constable was sent
down to repress it." This his Lordship, no doubt,
thought a very sagacious objection, though on what
orounds we are utterly unable to divine. Surely he
would not have the constable interfere before a riot,
and take the people into custody merely for looking,
pugnacious ? Such an absurd, premature interpost-
tion would only have the effect of producing the very
end it was intended to prevent., But, argued his
Lordship, the law, as it at present stands, forbids no
such interference. G; anted, and this is one of the
many reasons why riots ,ire of such constant occur-
rence in Ireland ; and also, why the law on the sub-
ject should be reformed altogether. Orange
Dog-
berries, who can perceive a tendency to insubordination
in Catholics which they cannot perceive in Protestants,
and who are armed with authority to act according to
their perverse perceptions, have long been the bane' of
the sister country. The Duke of WELLINGTON'S
objection to the Constabulary Bill was equally as sin-
cere and sapient as the Noble Earl's. His Grace,
forsooth, disapproved of the measure, because it would
great) y increase the expense of the present system.
Truly;, this is a strange objection to proceed from a
Tory I Had a Reformer urged it, we could have un-
derstc )od and felt its propriety ; but for a Tory to

preach economy—he who has all his life been the
means of saddling John Bull with a weight of taxation,
direct and indirect, in the shape of jobs, sinecures,
pensions, colonial appointments, &c., till honest John's
broad back has fairly broken down under the burden
—for a Tory to talk in this manner—and that Tory,
too, the sworn friend and supporter, for the best years
of his life, of the LIVERPOOL, SIDMOUTH, and
CASTLEREAGII Administrations—is about as prepos-
terous as for a LYNDHURST to preach candour, or a
LONDONDERRY discretion. Had the Bill in question
been of the unduly extravagant character which his
Grace attributes to it, sure we are that it would never
have passed the searching ordeal of the Commons. Mr.
H um E would have pounced upon it and torn it to atoms,
and we are greatly mistaken if he be not quite as
sound an authority on the subject of what is econo-
mical or otherwise, as the Noble Duke, or indeed all
the Peers of the realm put together. Since, then, he
is satisfied with the Bill, we may be pretty sure that
it has no very glaring sins of extravagance to answer for.
At any rate, whether it be more expensive or Less so than
the present system, it contains no enormity equal to
Lord ELLENBOROUGH'S nine thousand per annum
legal sinecure ; and the Noble Duke must have had
prodigious assurance to have objected to it on the
score of its extravagance, with this notorious sine-
curist staring, him in the face. Lord MELBOURNE
replied with much point and spirit to the insinuations
of the Earl of HADDINGTON, that he was de-
pendent for his Ministerial existence, solely on
the support of O'CONNELL. " Dependent," said
his Lordship, " on certain Members of the House
of Commons ? Why, every Ministry was depen-
dent on the majority of that House for support
Noble Lords opposite knew that pretty well,
though they had contrived to keep in office some time
against a majority. Well, then, the Ministry being
dependent on the majority of the House of Commons,
they were necessarily dependent, pro tanto, on every
individual ; but that the present Government were
more dependent on one individual than another in that
House, he utterly denied." This is well said, but it
was scarcely worth saying, for every one knows and
appreciates the motive of the Tories in levelling such
insinuations against the Ministry. It is the combined
result of spleen and disappointment. Had Mr.
O'CONNELL supported them when in power, not a
word should we have heard about the degradation of
such support. The grapes would have been sweet
enough then. It is only when the Tories cannot get
them, that they discover them to be sour. From the
temper of last night's debate, we conjecture, as we
said before, that it is the intention of the House of
Lords to strangle the Irish Constabulary Bill, snuglyand
securely, in Committee. But they had better beware.
These are not times for their Lordships to play tricks
with impunity. Detest Mr. O'CONNELL as they
may—and we verily believe their detestation is only to
be equalled in intensity by a parson's affection for a
tithe-pig—still that is no reason why they should
fuse justice to Ireland. The rights of a nation must
not be sacrificed to the personal dislikes of individuals.
So long as Mr. O'CONNELL is contented with de-
manding mere justice—and nothing more—for his
country, their Lordships are bound to concede to ti's
demands—even though , they may hate the man him
self with a hatred passing that which the Devil is said
to have for holy water.

On the motion of Mr. BARING, the House of
Commons consented last night to the introduction of a
Bill for improving the Oyster Fishery. This is a ne-
cessary -measure, and has been long called for by the
country. Not only has the cupidity of the fishermen
destroyed the oyster-beds in several places around the
British coast ; 'but altogether so injured the trade
as to withdraw from it that description of
young men, who might subsequently be induced
to enter the navy. Some ten years ago the Oyster
Fishery was not only a source of considerable wealth
to the country, but an excellent naval school, from
which our fleet was regularly supplied with some of
our most able seamen. Latterly the whole trade has
dwindled down to comparative insignificance. With a
view to secure the profits following the earliest appear-
ance in the London market, the fishermen dredge the
oyster beds before the fish have grown to half their usual
size ; and, what is still worse, they disturb and kill the
spawn, to catch the fish when they are in such a spent
state as to be totally unfit for human sustenance. The
object of Mr. BA RING'S Bill is to protect the Fisheries,
by regulating the periods for fishily, and fixing tire
size of the fish to be caught. We do not anticipate
any opposition to the passing of a Bill so obviously
beneficial to all parties—the fishermen included.

There is nothing at all surprising in the jealous Y,
with which the Great Northern Powers regard the at-
tachment of the Sultan MAHMOUD to British institu-
tions, and his Highness's oft-repeated declarations of
dependence upon the good faith' of the English G
vernment. Russia, with all her statesmanship, of,
which latterly we have heard more than enough, is yet_
too far removed from a state of enlightened civilization,
to be able to comprehend the points in which her in-
terest is bound up with ours. Prussia and Austria
must move in the wake of the Autocrat : and all three
are too sensible of their past injustice, not to behold
with distrust the growing influence of a Power, which
refuses to forget the dismemberment of Poland. But
wherefore should France entertain such a jealousy of
us ? Great Britain has no interest in obtaining
power in the East apart from the Government of
Louis PHILLIPPE. Why, then, should the French
Press endeavour to represent our successful and avowed
policy as an intrigue, worthy of universal contempt ?
Do we misrepresent the French Press? The following,
from the Constantinople Correspondent of the Courrier
Francais, dated the 17th ult., is our justification. Be
it observed, that the Editors of that Journal throw no
discredit on the language of their Correspondent :
" By dint of art and pertinacity, the British Legation
has contrived to gain an appearance of standing well with
the Porte. England, anxious to be considered as a disin-
terested ally, a powerful protector, and for that purpose
attending to all the desires of the Sultan, and flattering all
his passions, has succeeded, not in persuading him, but in
inducing him to accept what he risked nothing in accepting.
The whole fabric is built on sand ; the French Legation,
left aside amidst this mysterious manoeuvring ; the Russian
Ambassador laughing in his sleeve, and suffering it to go
on ; the Divan, always ready to side with the ducats, and
afterwards to deceive its employers—all contribute to re-
move every illusion. Thus may England pay for the eva-
cuation of Silistria, which no one cares about ; it will be
so much gained, and the Russians will keep their hundred
other positions, and perhaps even that of Silistria. Eng-
land will also furnish vessels to act against Egypt, Albania,
and Barbary, and coolly look on at the ruin of Greece,
saving, however, the Seven Islands ; the Russians will
profit of all that--the Cabinet of Paris will not interfere,
and, during some months, that of London will fancy itself
victorious in the East."

Let us overlook for a moment the tendency of such
language as this, and merely confine ourselves to the
correctness of the details. The paragraph is, from first
to last, a tissue of the grossest falsehoods. In the
first place, England has employed no art to stand well
with the Porte. Our Government, on the contrary,
has openly declared that England seeks nothing by in-
trigue—that our political relations will be maintained
without any underhand diplomacy—that it is incon-
sistent with our honour to admit the existence of se-
cret treaties—and that we not only doubt the sincerity
of Russia, but that we are prepared to maintain our
position against all breaches of faith on the part of
that Power. Here, then, is falsehood the first. In the
next place, we have neither flattered the passions of
the SULTAN, nor have we either persuaded or
induced him to accept anything. On the contrary,
we obtained from him a firman to facilitate the progress
of our communication with our dominions in the East.
This was conferring, not accepting, a favour. Here
then is falsehood the second. Again, if the Russian
Ambassador laugh, it is after the Irish fashion—on
the wrong side of his mouth. We know well that
Russia has menaced the Porte for granting a finnan
to Great Britain ; and so far from deeming the affair a
laughing matter, actually threatened to take the field
as the ally of the Paella of EGYPT, should that Prince
declare himself the enemy of England. This is the
third falsehood. What remains of the paragraph is
purely conjectural, and to that extent purely false.
We should hardly have noticed this paragraph did we
not, from time to time, remark the eagerness with
which such fabrications are inserted in the French
journals. The vanity of some of the French is so great

that they would, we verily believe, rather witness the
triumphs of barbarian Russia, than stand indebted to
England for the chastisement of that power. This is
miserably short-sighted policy ; and yet it is the only
policy which France has steadily pursued towards us
since the restoration of the Bourbon dynasty. It al-
most appears that France cannot cordially unite with
any power claiming a perfect equality with her. Her
jealousy protracted the Portuguese struggle ; her jea-
lousy protracts the civil war in Spain ; and her jealousy
may eventually mar our success in the East, and ren-
der permanent the last bloody prostration of Poland.

The Paris Papers of Monday continue to detail the
petty warfare carried on between Ministers and the
leaders of the Opposition. In the absence of more
stirring intelligence, such gossip may amuse the
Parisians ; but to our readers two-thirds of it would
be as unintelligible as the remainder would prove un-
interesting.
The most conflicting accounts are received from the
North of Spain. There are not two writers who for-
ward letters from Vittoria who agree in their represen-
tations of the general state of the army. The Corres-
pondent of the Espagnol, a Madrid Journal violently
opposed to MENDIZABAL, writes thus to that Paper,
under date of the 25th ult. :

" We have the painful task of stating that the Army is
suffering cruelly from want of provisions. All the supplies
are exhausted, and we are without either corn or straw for
the horses. The hospitals are becoming daily more and
more crowded with sick, the military chest is empty, and
the recruits who arrive, instead of adding to our strength,
increase our distress, on account of the scarcity which sur-
rounds us. It is impossible to imagine the extent to which
the Army has, on this account, become disOrganised. If
the evil be not immediately remedied, dreadful consequences
will be inevitable."

Five days later the Correspondent of the Tory Post,
equally opposed to MENDIZABAL'S Administration,
thus addresses our Contemporary:—
_ . . .

" I am glad so say the health of the Legion is greatly
improved, as the men are now well supplied with rations
since the mission of General M'Dougall to Madrid, but the
money is hot forthcoming. The head-quarters are still
here, but are expected, however, to march in a very few
on Durango, as General Evans wishes to make an attempt
to retrieve his lost character as a soldier, if he possibly can.
COrdova, who still retains the chief command, is concen-
trating the whole of his forces in this quarter, as the weather
is becoming fine, and Don Carlos is expected to make an
attempt to enter Catalonia and Arrag-on. There has been
a little skirmishing lately, but nothing worth mentioning, as
the Carlists retire again into the mountains, as soon as they
see a strong force appear."
Here are two statements directly in the teeth of
each other ; for between the 25th and the 30th ult.,
nothing was clone to improve the condition of the
army. We have four other communications, all con-
tradicting, in the most positive manner, the statement
of the Correspondent of the Espagnol. •
The latest advices from Bayonne are to the Bth
instant. A rumour prevailed there that Don CA u-
Los, with his sacred band. had been driven out of
Ona!e by ESPARTERO. We regard this report as
premature. •
EL ROJO DE SAN VINCENTE, one of Don CA It-
Los's bravest officers, died of his wounds on the 3d
instant. The Carlists appeared in the neighbourhood
of Valencia, on the 27th ult. Some suspicion of the
Governor's fidelity, and great dmibts of his capacity,
were entertained by the friends of the QUEEN.
It was reported in Paris on Monday, that the En,-
lish and French Governments had jointly acldrcssecra
note to Don CAitLos, commanding him to relinquish
his pretensions to the Crown of Spain. We regard
this rumour as uncounded.
PARIS, Aram I.—The last proof that the times are diffi-
cult, is that, notwithstanding the continually increasing
prosperity, and the prodigious savings which the policy of
the 13th of March, and the Ilth of October, shamefully
continued by that of the 22d of February, has given to our
happy France. The deficit already known for the year
1836 is 28 millicms. It is said that M. Lafitte has under-
taken to make the amelioration as clear as day, in a speech
which he will deliver in the Chamber on the discussion of
the budget. It is added that the Ministers expect this
demonstration with extraordinary impatience.—Nouvelle
Mincrve.

APRIL 11.-Naves OF THE M0RN1!....10.-The Mouiteur
has no official news this morning. M. Thiers did not fully
explain what he thought, in the Tribune, for in the Hall of
Conferences he said, " I desire no better than to have the
mortal remains of Napoleon brought to France, but then
you will first of all assure me that three millions of people
will not accompany them from the place of landing to the
column in the place Vendome." These words, which are the
finest tribute to the memory of Napoleon, are not destitute
of truth. The French have an extremely lively imagina-
tion, and it is impossible to say what a powerful effect might
be produced at a given time, by the presence of the mortal
remains of Napoleon.—Bon Sens.
NEWS FROM THE FRONTIER.—A very brisk cannonade
was heard yesterday in the direction of St. Sebastian. It
was said that the beseiged had made a general sally, with
their whole force ; that they had at first driven back the in-
surgents to a considerable distance, but that having pursued
with too much eagerness, some isolated detachments were
surrounded and taken prisoners. The remainder of the
garrison returned to the fortress under cover of the night.
—Messager, April 11.

• FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, APRIL 11.
Five per Cents., 108 f. sc. 10Sf.
Four per Cents., 101 f. 20c.
Three per Cents., 82f. Rt. 15c.
Bank Actions, 2,250 f.
Rente de Naples, 102 f. 10c. 25c. 20c.
Roman Five per Cents., 105.
Spanish Actives, 47% %.
Spanish Differes, 21%1A N.
Spanish Passives, 14.1 %.
Royal Spanish Loan, 34.
Belgian Loan, Five per. Cents, 103.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 847.1.
Portuguese Three per Cents. 54% 55
Dutch Two ann a half per Cents., 57f. 10c.
Haytian Loan, 395 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
Onemonth, paper, —c. ; money, 25f. 47%c
Three months, paper, —f. —c. ; money, 251 32%c
—('ours Autlicittivw.

BOURSE, THREE O'CLOCK.--The Three per Cents. have
been stationary the whole day at 82f. 20c. No business has
been done. The Active stock is rather better, having opened
at 471, and which it maintains.
QUARTER TO FOUR.—Five per Cents., 108 f. 20c. ; Three
per Cents., 82f. 25c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, ; Gueb-
hards, —; Differes, NI; New Loan, ; Actives, 47i ;
Passives, 14i ; Ducats, 102 50 ; Romans, 105 ; Pedros, 84t ;
Belgians, 103 ; Dutch, 57f. 10c. ; Haytians, 395 f. —c. ;
Miguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 164 ' • Con-
tinuation, —c. ; New Differes, 211; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, —; Royal Loan, 34.

We have German Papers of the latest dates. To
some remarks which we made upon a paragraph from
the letter of -the Constantinople Correspondent of the
Courrier Francais, we refer our readers for an extract,
representing the Russian Ambassador as laughing in
his sleeve at the petty intrigues of Lord PONSONBY,
and the indifference of France. That letter is dated
the 17th ult. Observe how differently a Russian
agent represents the whole affair in a communication
from the Turkish capital, dated the 16th—one day
only before the date of the French scribe's intelli-
gence :

adiite audience
seems which ich
that Admiralaffairs o
f great Roussin
"A few days ago the French Ambassador despatched a courier
to Paris. The reason for sending 'him is not known : it was
th Sultan, immediately
and aftafter
an u
in which
import-
ance were discussed. Ostensibly the Admiral was admitted
to an audience, for the purpose of presenting to the Sultan a
letter from the King of the French, thanking him for the in-
terest he had manifested in the affair of Fieschi's plot ; but I
am afraid that the real object of the audience was to give to
the Sultan the most positive assurances with respect to the
sentiments of the English and French Cabinets. He is said
t 6 have declared to the Sultan in the most express terms,
that the most sincere friendship was entertained for the
Porte both in Paris and London ; that all the reports that had
been circulated of the object of the armaments in the French
and English ports deserved no credit ; and that nobody
thought of troubling the Porte, or of risking by any precipi-
tate step the peace of the East which was so happily
restored.
The Sultan is said to have heard this communication of Ad-
miral Roussin with great joy, and to have requested him to
inform his King how happy he was to continue in friendship
with France, and how necessary he thought it to be for all
States that the existing peace should not be interrupted in any
quarter. It cannot be denied that the numerous reports re-
specting the naval armaments of France and England had
caused a great sensation here, and not a little alarm to the
Porte. Since the audience of the French Ambassador the
usual apathy has returned, and nothing is thought of but the
preparations for the approaching festivities.
The advices from Bucharest are to the 18th ult.
The trade of Wallachia was improving, and the coun-
try in a state of profound peace.
VIENNA, APRIL 7.—Five per Cents. (Metalliques), 103
13.16 ; Four per Cents., 99. ; Thrce per Cents., 76 ; Bank
Shares, 1,374—A llgemeine eitung.

MARRIED.--On Thursday, the 7th instant, at.
?resteign, by the Rev. George Casar Hawkins, John Casar
Hawkins, Esq., eldest son of Sir John Casar Hawkins, Bart.,
to'Louisa, y&iogest daughter of Thomas Bourke Ricketts,
Esq., of-oombie House, in the County of Hereford.
