... 1,509,576 30
211,012 49
------- 1,295,563 81
Deficit calculated upon for next year 437,815 97

Dollars.
.fuly 1834... 316,986 37
' 1835 ... 1,124,346 22

1,441,332 59
Dollara.

Cr.
Total Expenses, including 110,178 dols. 159,492 46
employed in paving off Floating Debt • -‘
alartes, &c. to 1;e paid
urplus Revenue ........ ...... 212,09 96

1;W,332 59

Less Loan of that year

1,736,379 78
Dollars.

Cr.
By Total Expellees including 50,000 dols. for the
Consolidated Debt, and 340,000 dols. for the
Foreign Loan

1,736,379 78
To that statement ho had appended a note, which he
wished to call the attention of the meeting to. It was
as follows :—" Notwithstanding the unfavourable in-
ferences of the Venezuelan Revenues that naturally
flow from the above statement, the Minister of Finance,
in his last Report to Congress, confesses that from Ist
of January, 1830, to 30th of June, 1838, Venezuela
had cancelled (amortizado) 3,994,094 dollars 56c. of
the internal debt of Colombia ; and in page 34 of his
Report, he enters into details of how that had been
effected. In these details there are two items particu-
larly deserving of the attention of the British bond-
holders, viz., 1,310,598 dol. 76c. of the Floating Debt
paid off, by the eighth part of the duties on importation,
and 310,644 dol. 32c. by proceeds of sales of tobacco."—
(Cheers.) Now, in all the documents of the Minister of
Finance, the foreign creditor was spoken of in the most
favourable terms, but nothing ever came of them.
They were told that the foreign creditors had a prior
claim, which they certainly had. All the generous
sympathies of the British nation were enlisted in their
behalf, while they had derived none of the benefits
from the independence which had be en secured to
them, which the people of Venezuela had enjoyed.—
(Hear, hear.) He would observe in conclusion that
the amount of the taxes levied in the state of Venezuela
was equal to about 12s. per head, and a very small
addition to that sum would pay off the whole of the
debt.—( Loud cheers.)
Mr. BAUGH had great pleasure in supporting the
motion which had just been made, but he hoped that
the observations and suggestions that had been made
would be fully carried out. If ever there was a period
when the individuals who had so long, and so patiently,
suffered from the infamous delay of these Governments—
if ever there was a moment when they should come
forward to demand redress that moment had now
arrived.—(Hear, hear.) The most direct and energetic
interferference should be made, not only by the Ence-
glish Government but. by the Parliament.--(Loud
cheers.) They should recollect that the best days of
some of the bondholders were blighted and withered,
and their families injured in many instances by the con-
duct of these States. Many of them would go with
grey hairs in sorrow to the grave for want of the interest
of that property which had been lent under the
most solemn and sacred obligations that any property
had ever been granted upon—namely, for the mainte-
nance of their independence, and the extirpation of
tyranny and slavery under which they were groaning,
and which without the advancement of that property,
he would fearlessly state., they would have continued
under to the present moment.—(Hear, and cheers.)
He thought they were mow called upon--in fact every
gentleman present was required to use his utmost exer-
tions to appeal to the:tribunals he had alluded to, and
endeavour to obtain the redress they required. If they
went on year after year in their present state of indo-
lence, he feared it would be thirteen years more
before they would recei-ve any communication whatever
from the representative:4 of these States. He trusted
they would insist upon 4every farthing of the debt being
paid, principal and interest. He would ask, after thirteen
years of patient suffering, what security had they that
even the 2 per cent. offered would ever be paid ?
(Hear, hear, and cheers.) If the bondholders could
submit to the degradation of having one-fifth of their just
claim struck out, the sponge would soon wipe l out
all the rest.—(Loud cheers.) If they submitted to
that degradation what dissatisfaction and misery would
it not be to them in ten or fifteen years to find that
these states were able to pay double, aye five times
the amount they now offered. He trusted there would
not be found a single recreant in that room, and he
earnestly hoped the good advice of the Chairman would
be followed. If there had been any unnecessary warmth
in the expressions he bad used he hoped the meeting
would excuse him. He was an invalid officer on half-
pay ; and the whole of the poor earnings which he had
been able to save, and with which he had hoped to
pass the remainder of his days in peace, had been swal-
lowed up in that speculation.—(Hear, hear.) It had
inflicted most material injury on him, as it had done on
many other individuals. That he trusted would excuse
any warmth in his expressions, while, at the same time,
he admitted that it would perhaps be more judici-
ous to observe the calm and temperate course
recommended by their Chairman. He could see
no reason why the Government should not inter-
fere to obtain a restitution of the millions of pro-
perty belonging to British subjects from those States ;
and he was perfectly persuaded that if the meeting
made up their minds to have a Committee appointed to
wait on the Government, to put their shoulders to the
wheel and obtain the support of Members of Parlia-
ment, that in the event of the Government re-
fusing to interfere, their case might fairly
be brought before the British Parliament. The
day of redress would not be far distant.—(Hear,
hear.) He should like to know from the Chairman
what was the amount of monies now lying in the Bank
England, or elsewhere, on account of the Colombian
bondholders ?
The CHAIRMAN wished it was in his power to answer
that question. He was not aware whether there were
any monies in the Bank of England remitted from
either or all of the States. He believed that some
money had been remitted from two of the States, but
whether that money was in the Bank of England or
elsewhere he had no means of knowing.
A BONDHOLDER—There is 104,0001.
The CHAIRMAN had been informed the amount in
English money was about 50,0001. or 60,0001.
Mr. 13A-.3Git was only anxious that means should be
taken to prevent the sum, whatever it might be, from
being alienated from its proper source, namely, the pay-
ment of the interest of the bondholders. He wished
to know whether the Committee could take any means
to secure the amount so transmitted.'
The Cuainktax—l should be obliged to any person
who would point out to me how that could be done.
Mr. BAUGH hoped that every bondholder would ex-
ert his influence with Members of Parliament to obtain
redress.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. KINDER observed that the money was lent to
Colombia collectively, and it might happen that when
the debt came to be divided, ono State might be able
to pay and another not. He would, therefore, propo,e
as an addition to the resolution the following words :
" Upon the basis of the reciprocal guarantees of each
State for the engagement of the other."
The CHAIR/lAN thought it would be better to put
that in the form of a substantive resolution.
Mr. KINDER believed these States had violated the
terms of their original contract by appointing other
agents than those who conducted the original negocia-
tion. It did not redound much to their credit to come before
the public through other channels, in the hope, appa-
rently, of weighing them down by the magic name of a
great house.
Mr. PoWLES (one of the original agents) observed
that he had expressly refrained from noticing that
subject, not being desirous of introducing personalities,
but as Mr. Kinder had alluded to it, he would mention
that they had pawed over those who, in the time of their
trouble and difficulty, were their friends.--(Cheers.)
Mr. Sueawseenv hoped the meeting would excuse
him while he made a few observations, as he was not
only a suffererer himself, but appeared there as the
representative of a large number of country bond-
holders.—(Cheers.) Not one of the States of South
America, except the Crown portions of it, knew what
public faith was.—(Hear, hear.) Ought such States
to be received into the family of nations, and should
of
the great name Britahein be prostrated, when France
as allowed,
cook shops
and
paltry
blockade sum of 600,0001.,
to establish coasts, to the
detriment of British merchants, without any winter-
ference on the part of the British Government in
fort
favour of its own subjects ?—( Hear, hear.) Why had
they Members of Parliament, except to represent
