REMOVAL OF BOLAM.

On Wednesday Archibald Bolam was removed from
Morpeth, in a post-chaise, for embarkation on board of
a London steamer to convey him to the hulks, to be
ready for transportation out of this country to his as-
signed destination, where he will spend the remainder
of his days in the most abject slavery and wretchedness.
To a person of his habits, and previous employment,
such a situation as he is destined to occupy, to the last
span of his existence, must be a more dreadful punish-
ment than even death itself on the ignominious scaffold.
By some means or other the fact of Bolam's shipment at
Newcastle had publicly transpired, and on the ap-
proaches thereto a dense crowd assembled, many of whom
were prepared with stones, rotten eggs, and filth, to ac-
cost the wretched prisoner. On the arrival of the chaise
the crowd was so thickly planted, and a determination
to violence so clearly manifested, that the chaise was sud-
denly turned round, and driven at a rapid rate to the
Newcattle and Shields railway station, where it arrived
just in time to catch the train before its departure.
Bolnm was safely, and in comparative privacy, placed
in a carriage (heavily ironed, as it was understood),
and the train started fbr Shields. The steamer left the
quay at Newcastle, and Bolam was safely put on board,
taking his last farewell of Newcastle and Northumber-
land, where he has spent so many happy and respectable
years. The children of poor Millie were, we have
heard, but which, we think, is not very probable, al-
lowed to be present on the quay at Newcastle, at the
period. If this were so, it was not proper, or at all
calculated to preserve peace and order in the contem-
plated embarkation, and may have frustrated the object
intended, in putting Bolam on board of the steamer at the
usual place. Much money we have been told, was
given to these poor orphan children, who are deserving
objects of charitable consideration. Bolam was accom-
panied in his ignominious exile by five or six other con-
victs, all heavily ironed ; these are of a class in which
he will not find much communion of sentiment or station
and which will doubtless increase the pangs of his
punishment. We understand Bolam has made every
effort to induce his relatives at Harbottle to emigrate to
the place of his transportation, that he may derive from
them all the sympathy he can obtain in the close and
severe custody and labour in which he will be kept.—
Sunderiand Beacon.

EXTENSIVE PAROCHIAL DEFAL-

CATION.

The greatest excitement has, during the present week,
prevailed throughout the extensive parish of St. Luke,
Chelsea, in consequence of the discovery that Mr. Wil-
liam Turner, the vestry clerk, had absconded, having
let in the parishioners in various ways to a very large
amount. It appears that, in addition to that of vestry
clerk, Mr. Turner held the situation of clerk to the
Church Trustees, and to other of the local boards,
with the moneys belonging to Ashich, it is believed, he
has freely helped himself, besides having incurred debts
and obtained loans, it is said, to the extent of between
two and three thousand pounds. On the 4th instant
he had a cheek delivered to him for near .500/., with
which to pay the County-rate, which it appears he im-
mediately changed for notes at the banker's, and again
changed them 'or gold at the Bank of England. On
the following day he left town to attend, as he said, a
case of appeal at Poles-hill, in Warwickshire. At first
no suspicion was raised at his not returning, and his
wife, on being applied to, produced a letter she had re-
ceived from him, stating that he was coming home
along the banks of the Wye, the scenery round which
he was much enjoying. Tyco or three days afterwards
his wife received another letter, in which he informed
her he mu,t never again show his face in Chelsea ; that
he had taken nearly every body in, and must find some
corner in a distant land to hide his head. Subse-
quently a third letter has been received from him, dated
Chepstow, enclosing to his wife a check on a London
banker for 25/. ; and in consequence a warrant has
been issued for his apprehension, and placed in the
hands of an old and experienced officer, who left town
;:on Thursday morning. A reward of 501. has been
offered by the parochial authorities for his capture.
