ARRIVALS.

Wheat. Barley. Oats. Flour.
English 3,020 qrs. 2,934.4qr5. 9,800 qr/. 2.7Bosacks
Irish - - 9,980
Foreign - -

PRISONERS IN THE FLEET.

The Editor of that respectable paper The Sun, is re.
quested by the prisoners in the Fleet to animadvert on the
extraordinary delays on the part of the Solicitor-General,
in bringing in the Bill to abolish Imprisonment for Debt,
which, in answer to an inquiry from Mr. O'Connell, on
Monday, he promised to introduce last evening, when not
a word was said on the subject. The prisoners have nn
doubt that the impartiality of the Editor, and his sense of
what is due to the public, will induce him to treat the
subject with the serious attention it merits.
Fleet Prison, June 12.

[Our correspondent is tnistaken in supposing that no-
thing was said upon the subject. The lite hour to
which the slavery debate was continued, rendered it ne-
cessary fur the Solicitor-General to postpone bringing in
the list to which our correspondent refers till Thursday
next.]

We believe a great many practices of a very
exceptionable character were once common both in the
army and navy. It was common formerly for officers to
have false musters, in order to draw pay for a number of
men beyond the strength of the regiment, battalion, or com-
pany, as is notoriously done in the Russian army at this
day. The Author of " Field Sports in the West," tele a
story of a Catholic priest lending a congregation to his
friend the Protestant rector, on an Archiepiscopal visit.
In like manner whole regiments, it is said, are occasi,inally
lent for an inspection by one Russian Colonel to another.
It is, we believe, understood that few traces of any suck
irrecularities now prevail in the British service.—Morning
Paper.
RELEASE OF MR. HODNETT.—cI letter
has been received by Mr. CALLAGHAN from Mr. SPRING
Rice, stating that the Lords of the Treasury had i.sued
directions for the immediate release of Mr. HODNETT from
the goal of this city, upon the condition of his entering into
a bond of 501. not in future to violate any of the revenue
laws.— Cirk Reporter.

His Majesty's ship Waterloo, 120 guns, was
launched yesterday at Chatham. It had been stated that
their MAJESTIES would be present, but such was not the
case, neither had any preparations to receive them been
made, as no orders on the subject had reached the autho-
rities of the dockyard.
The strike of the carpet weavers for an ad-
vance of wages has now continued five weeks, and there
is, as yet, little prospect of its termination. The sum in
dispute is about ,kd. per yard.—Leeds Intelligeneer.
UNITED KINGDOM AGRICULTURAL IN•
STITUTION.—A general open meeting of the committee,
subscribers, and friends of this parent institution was
held on Monday at the Board-room in Sackville-street, the
Hon. RANDAL E. PLUNEATT in the chair, for the pur-
pose of receiving the report of the committee of manage-
ment on the progress it bad made with respect to the
extension of the benevolent objects of this institution to
Ireland at this crisis. The correspondence with several
noblemen and gentlemen in favour of the objects contem•
plated by this institution (which is totally unconnected
with any other) was laid before the meeting, as well as
the legal opinions of those gentlemen who bad been con-
sulted by the committee, when It Was unanimously de.
cided that the leading principle of tht institution (as a
voluntary society) is in support of the htr of settlement
and all existing statutes with respect to the security of
property and the rights and interests of private indivi-
duals by the mcde of relief it proposes for the poor
throughout the United Kingdom. The Hon. Chairman
expressed himself gratified with the various explanations
afforded him. Several important resolutions were passed
unanimously, after which the thanks of the meeting,
which was most respectably attended, Was voted to tee
Hon. Chairman, and the meeting adjourned.
THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER.--A young
Nobleman, a student of Christ Church, Oxford, has re-
cently received a severe personal chastisement, in the pre-
sence of his tuts and several of his friends, from another
student in the same University. The parties ate bound
over to k•ep the peace, but it is supposed that the affair.
which originated in jealousy, will furnish Work for tilt
gentlemen of the long robgt
