THE THEATRES.

DRURY-LANE.--In order to give attraction to
the closing days of the season, the Managers
bring forward Mr. KEAN as often as circumstances
will allow. lie performed the part of Othello last
night, and gave strong expression to it through-
out: We were glad to' see Mr. MAYWOOD also
brought forward, as he possesses merits -that
should not have been so long suffered to lie upon
the shelf. His logo is a specimen of critical
judgment, supported with forcible effect. it is
evident that he has studied this difficult part
through all its qualities and bearings, and takes
nothing upon trust or by prescription. We re-
gret that the London Stage is to lose this Actor,
as the treatment which he has received has, it
seems, induced bins to intend trying his fortune
in America, where Actors of merit appear to ex-
perience more liberality, and where, of course,
the talents of Mr. MAYWOOD will not fail of suc-
cess.---Mrs. itoeiNsoN's Desdeniona, as hereto-
fore, was very interesting.

COYENT-GARDBN,-SINCLAIR'S Benefit, COM-
bining with Guy Matinering a powerful assem-
blage of extra•vocalities, drew a very crowded
audience to .this Theatre last night.

Nit THE suN,

RESPONSIBILITY OF MEMBERS OF pARLLAmorr,

[PART lII.]

The limits wherein both sovereign and Subject
are confined, cannot be understood without ex-
amining the constituted Government under which
we are born. If those who rule require obedience,
and those who obey insist on liberty, the advo-
cates on both sides must fix a standard somewhere.
To the .glory of Britons, this standard is on a
rock, and in all the struggles for liberty which
swell the pages of our annals, it is clear that the
LAW of the Land is the basis on which the rights
of the Imperial Crown and People are establish-
ed.. The Law is the supreme authority, the ge-
neral will and sovereign power to which we must
all have reeoutse. If we look back on those
convulsions in the Kingdom which have shaken
the Constitution, we find that the advocates for
the power of the Crown, and those for Public Li•
berty, have. founded their claims on the LAW of
the Land ; bat I do not recollect an instance
whereby Liberty has claimed a right to supersede
the Law, and the reason is obvious, because
li-
herty is a fence against slavery. Thus legal au-
thority, which supposes resistance, supposes also
a contending power which destroys Government.
The Executive Power is responsible in Parliament
but the Legislature is above con troul ; and though
the one is limited, the other is unquestionable,
and out of the reach of any stated rule, no case
being supposed which destroys all law, and cow-
-1 e:s us to build a new edifice on a new founcla
two, except as agrees with the baseless theory of
base levellers, which would he universally set
against the best of Governments, if parliamentary
attorneyship and responsibility were to prevail,
which, it 'never can, over the true principles of
sound reason, or of moral and political justice,
except among those who are incurably blind to
both.

It must, nevertheless, be admitted, that these
unhappy personages, whose minds are clouded by
prejudice, or stained by bad habits of thinking ;
who are brirn in the lower ranks of life, and have
not the education of gentlemen, are too much
countenanced by MILTON, SYDNEY, LOCK, and
others, who artfully wrote for. the times, more
than truth, and who, if now living, would see
their errors, and correct them. Their names arc
great, but their authority, though high-sounding,
is little indeed ; and-their writings should be read,
if at all, with caution, lest poison be sipped from
their infectious chalice.

It is truly said, if nothing he ever found fault
with, nothing will ever be amended ; and, there-
fore, to explode what in itself is wrong, however
concealed under the fiue-spun drapery of words,
is justifiable, as it rescues the unwary from de-
ceit, and exhibits the naked beauty of- truth. To
this independent acid impartial end I have exa-
mined the question of parliamentary responsibi•
lity, and proved that the Representatives of the
people arc only responsible in Parliament ; at the
Same time allowing that there may be occasions
when it may be 'prudent, wise, and proper, to
consult and advise with them, but not to be di-
rected or commanded by them, like soldiers in the
ranks, contrary to the suggestions of their own
judgment and discretion, or the dictates of their
conscience, and as if they had neither.
I have said that they are not bound to consult
their Constituents, like deputies of the Dutch
provinces, which are distinct States, and no public
measure can bind all of them, unless it /sass by a
majority of the members deputed ; but it is not so
in Great Britain and Ireland, because there the
comities, cities, and boroughs, form together but
one State. If it be objected that a representative
is considered as a proxy for a multitude of poople,
it by'no means separates him from them, as a
distinct character, unconnected with them. No.
He is in Parliament a mixer/character—himself and
them. Representing m4ny persOns he holds no.
proxy, as a Lord of Parliament may, who only
sits there in his own right, without represent-
ing any.

Although they are nei►her called to Parliament
by the Crown, or sent to a by the People, merely
to grantor withhold supplies, they of necessity
have a right to do either. The Commons refused
Charles the Fitst supplies until certain public
gtievances were redressed. Ai one branch of the
Legislature, they are the guardians of the Con-
stitution, delegated to watch, check, and avert
every innovation ; to propose, adopt, and cherish
every sulid and well weighed improvement. They
are bound by every tie, natural and moral, to
leave that Constitution to posterity, amended if
possible, and at all events wiihout diminution or
derogation.

A CONSTITUTIONALIST.

CORN-EXCHANGE, JUNE 24 —We have bad but
few . fresh Arrivals since Mobday, and owing to
the fine state of the weather rery little busi-
ness doing ; the few sales made in fine Wheat
and Oats were at
.Monday's prices, but there
was no demand for ordinary ; Fine Barley sup-
ports its price ; in' Pease and Beans there I? no
alteration.

Another General Election will take place on
FRIDAY NEXT, amongst those who, having pro-
perly qualified themselves, are Candidates for the
favours of Fortune. G. CARROLL is the Return-
ing Officer in the Court of Fortune, and expects
to have the pleasure of distrihnting amongst his
Friends the noble Prize of 23,0001. or 40,0001.
at his fortunate Offices, No. 7, Cornhill, and 26,
Oxford-street, where on the First Day the
highest Prize that was drawn was sold in Shares,
and on the Second Dav No. 9481, the only
Prize of 20,0001. The Lottery will finish Next
Friday.

NEXT FRIDAY will he one of the most interest-
ing days in Lottery Annals, for it is an even
chance that the Two Twenty ThousarAs, now in
the Wheel, will fall to the lot of One picket, and
thereby become a noble Prize of 40,0001. Inde-
pendent of this first-rate Capital, there are 44
others, from 3000/. downwardsand all must be
drawn on Friday. A few undrawn Tickets and
Shares are still on sale at WEBB'S Fortunate
Ofces, No. 9, Cornhill, and 17, Ludgate-streer,
those well-known Marts for the sale of Capital
Prlzes.

s'`-"l'AllNSitli ELE;CTIQN.

Flirf H DAY

The coriftiFion and' itisoruer of Monday were
renewed yes day, ants the friend's of Sir F.
came forward in great numbers
the course of the day a man of colour pulled off
Ilia 1,11.1 in show the marks of stripes which he
said he had ritc-ived Ott !lipird a man of war, and
a person attired in a Woe jacket was frequently
tievated on the ,Itoulders ot the troth to declaim
S,r MsxweLL, with he falsely
fiteiended 10 have sailed.
At tour o'clock the mill helot; dosed. Sir M.
i‘laxweil appeared at his po.t, aetoilip,inied by a
yoimg 114%al ti ir, tl, the lion. Mr. Legg. They
were again ai,sailed with all the insolence and
fifth to which they hail been exposed on the pre-
ceding Sir Murray, in the midst of the
storm, seemed as unruffled as ever, and wily ap•
peited concern:Al when by ally chance a female
seemed in daiiger from the fury of the mob. Mr.
Legg was irritated by the repeated outrages ()Urea
to his friend-, and could not 'refrain front tn•irk-
in!: his indigna•iim of the conduct of the principal
iftoters. To slivw his contempt for then', he ad-
vanced alone to the rail in front of the hustings,
and braved their rage for nearly a quarter of an
how% A chilling sweeper's cap or bag was
thrown in his face, which was covered with soot.
lint he coolly took it in his hand to wipe from his
dress the o!mur othmive matter, with which the
foul mouthed rabble had covered him. lie at• lass
returned to tie hustings, covered isith dirt and
spittle.—The numbers, when declared, were as
fellows

Sir Samuellly Sir Nliirriy
Sir Francis titirilvtt ....2171 I Mr. limit . . •58
. .

Sir NI. MaXwELL then'addressed the crowd.—
The state of the poll, as it she►ved their favourite
Candidate to be abot e him, must afford them great
6:ttista:tion, and lie doubted not they wool(' now
lend an ear to the poor Candidate who stood third
on the poll. The popular tide would now probably
torn in his favour, and many who had hitherto
Ii en Opposed to him would probably go with it.
Even those who were now firing a fete• distant
shin, would probably take another course shortly.
At all events, while he thus stood forwat d to soli-
cit their favour, he was sloe that a man could not
be better recommended to Englishmen than by its
being shewu that he was able to stand both fire
and water. lie had been exposed to both in
every part of the world, and he dared to say they
leould easily conceive that to him it would be
more agreeable to stand 'sl►ere 32-pounders were
11\ ini, ","1 blood mining in every direction, tl►an
to find i►imself as he ►vas at that moment, in the
way of showers of mad and oceans of spittle.—
The friends of the other candidates might now be
seen pressing forward in greater numbers on the
hustings, but they might do so with safety, for
they were not exposed to such treatment as he
bad experienced. 'fbey had been deceived with
respect to him, as they had with respect to
the Motives of t► Noble individual (Lord Castle-
leaeli), who had come forward to vote for
him on a forn►er day. That distinguished person,
though decorated with their favourite cotour•—
thouglh he wore a blue ribbon which he had earned
in the service of his country, they had treated as
they did him. lie now begged to sty, that that
individual had come forward wholly onsolicited
by him, and he believed had been only led to do
so by the impulse of a noble and energetic mind,
tvl►ic:lt prompted him to vote for the Candidate that
bad heti) iusul•c'd as he had been. Ile denied that
be was a Court Candidate. Ile had never• ex-
changed a word with the Noble Lord who had
come forward to vote for him, in his life, before
the election. He had even seen him but a very few
times. He had first seen him from the gallery of
the 1-louse of Commons, when the ►whole of the
'Members rose and gave him three cheers on hiS
entrance. This was at the time when he brought
over• from France the Treaty of Peace of 1814,
wl►ich ►was then highly appreciated by all. 'I•l;e
second time he saw him was at a public festival,
when he had the honour to have two personages
on his right and )Eft, who were much esteemed in
this country—he meat“ the Emperor of Russia
and the King of Prussia. Ile (sir M. Maxwell)
svgs u,ct sooported there by Court favour, or par-
tial affection, and in proof of this, he might be
allowed to state the tact, that a gallant Admiral
who had commanded in the battle of Trafalgar,
had been to ti►osc hustings to give a plumper to
his opponent. He then alluded to the manner in
which the ttvo Candidates whose names were
wir Written had beeu dis-posed of, and described
" a cluObing, of colours" to have taken place.—
A tti-coloured favour had thus been formed, which
be trusted would share the fate they all. knew to
have been that of the tri-coloured flag whenever
it came in contact with the mihmjack of Old
)r;t►gland. The flags which had been taken down
Oil the opposite side of the way, l►ad been placed
ti►ere by the booth-keepers, to sell their• liquors,
be supposed. He hail had nothing to do with
then►, though on the first day of the Election he
haul truly told them that the Union Jack of
England was his standard.. British hearts
would glow with honest indignation when-
ever this should be desetted, and Englishmen
be seen to rally roui►d the tri-coloured
Ent those who hail marched under the Union
Jack had been called by one of the speakers from
ti►e Hustiogs a flock of geese. kVere they geese,'
he would ask,-who marched under it with our Ed-
wards and Henrys to achieve the glories of Cres-
iy, Poictiers, and Agincourt ? Or did that cha-
racter belong to those who, in modern days, had
battled for it, and pot to flight the steel-taloned
eagles of Imperial France ? There were, how-
ever, men who worthd have them obliterate from
their bosoms all recollections like these, and who
would wish thetn to substitute for our Edwards
mid Henries—for our Howes, Duncans, and Nel-
sods—the heroes of the blue, white, anti red, who
had only distinguished themselves in Spa-fields
and Palace-yard. It had been said that no man
of character• would dare to offer• himself personally
to the Electors of Westminster as a Candidate to
tepresent them in Parliament. He had proved
that he did not fear so to do, and he hoped men
of character, independence, and loyalty, would.
ever be ready to step forward in their caase.
[The tumult was very high during the whole of
this speech, and the interruptions occasioned b.'

tote violence of the ilia) were numeroits: rSiti
M. Almovv.u. was several times struck while
speaklug, by various missiles that were thrown.
Having concluded, Lie bowed, and retired with his
friends.]
Mr. BRUCE briefly addressed the populace, and
claimed their attention for Mr. 1). Kornaird.
Mr. D. KINNAIan congratulated the cro.vd 01t
the state of the poll, which had proved to the gal-
lant Captain from China that he had not to can-
vass NlandArins of the East, but independent Bri-
tish Electors. He was proud that his name had
been coupled with that- of Sir Francis Burdett,
from the coiticidence of their seutiments on the
subject of Reform; but it had beet brought for-
ward, as it had afterwards beet) withdrawn, evil h-
otit his knowledge, by the Committee, who in
both instances had done what they thoh4lit was
for Ow good of the people. At present he coo-
sideted nothing had been done. lie hoped to
see Sir Francis five thousand votes a-he,::l on the
poll, and he entreated Sir M. Maxwcil oot to re-
tire, that by the poll being kept open, they might
have an opportunity of placing him in that proud
sitwohni which lie ought to occupy. lie stroogly
deprecated any coalition Sir S. Itotodly, and
hoped t!,e electors would feel that the cause of Sir
F. Itlrtlvit was as distinct from every other as
black ,vas from it hi!e.

Sir though it was p tintni to hint
to oppose a brother officer, telt it his duty to op-
pose the .11inislerial Candidate, Sir Murray. Max-
well, on the present occasion. lie had fltit to
he his dtry to come yesterday and vote for Sir
Francis Minim and Sir Samuel Romitly, and he
had done so hecaose the latter gentleman had
been proved not only a philanthropist in theory,
butt a practical friend to his fellow men. lit
spoke at sortie length in praise of Sir S. Romilly,
and concluded by calling on the electors tut pm-
site the object they had in view with unanimity
and spirit.
Mr. \VISHART,. in returning thanks for Sit s.
Romilly, denied that his friends had wished hut
any coalition with those of Sir F. Burdett: lie
eulogized the character of Sir Salton], autd stated
blur to be friendly to Reform and Triennial Par-
liament;.

Mr. CLRARY now appealed before the Electors
as a prophet. tie had predicted that it ['rand;
would by that day fop the Niinisierial C.ndidate,
and he Was confident lie would soon leave the other
behind, as the Committee now applied themselves
to procure his return alone. Ile then proceeded
to comment on the pretensions of Sir M. Max-
well, and made the most unfounded asser►ions
upon the subject.
Mr. PITT again addressed the multitude in favour
of Sir F. Burdett.

Mr. IlvtoT next vented a tirade against Sir Sa-
muel Romilly during the time he sat in the Ca-
hinet—[" He never sat in the Cabinet," repeated
in the crowd].—Well, he vas Solicitor- Crucial
[" Go home, Hunt you ate a bad Cabinet-
makerl.—He %could remain firm at his post. it
was not his practice cvcr to turn his back upon
his enemies or his friends, or ever to fly from his
cutouts—[sonic cheers, with'cries of off, off !")

Mr. GZLE JONES th:11 Cattle forward, au a
great proportion of the Mreting kit him speaking.

CITY OF LONDON ELECTION.
