[MEW TIMES.]

We have had occasion, two or three times to
uotice the praiseworthy exertions of the London
shopmen to free themselves from the intolerable
slavery of handling cambric after the hour of
half-price-at the Theatres Royal. It is most
manifest, that if they are kept longer at work
by their barbarous masters, they cannot ex-
pand their ideas by studying the works of our
immortal bard, nor learn life and manners
in the saloons of the theatres. In this age
of combination, therefore, it was with no sur-
prise that we read the code of laws en-
acted for their community ; though it must be
owned there is considerable novelty in some of
its provisions. Our memory may be treacherous ;
but we cannot at this moment call to mind any
Legislator, prior to the Meeting at the Crown
and Anchor, that ever established a regular gra-
dation of tines for the offence of voluntary over-
working. The Linen-d ra pers' Assistants, however,
haVe wisely decreed, that every member Who
shall be found to continue at his business after
.seven o'clock in the evening, between the Ist day of
November and the last of February, shall forfeit
and pay; for the first offence five shillings ; for
the second offence ten shillings ; and if he be so
incorrigibly industrious as to offend a third time,
then (horrible to relate D•hels to be actually ex-
•pellerN Driven forth from the honourable society
of assistant linen-drapers, where will the unhappy
Wight shelter his luckless head ? Behind what
counter will he dare to hand muslin to a fair
customer ? How will he ever summon courage to
cut off a yard and a quarter of huckabjck ?- The
idea is too painful to dwell on : when we came
to this passage in the more than Draconian Code,
the paper dropt from our hands, and we involun-
tarily exclaimed, with Gay's Deserter—
" 0 ! 'tis so moving I can read no more !"

[MORNING HERALD.]
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals have put forth their First Annual Re-
port. ft professes to have been read or spoken
in the first person singular, by some officer of the
Society—who has given one signal proof of pru-
dence and good sense—that of withholding
his name. Unfortunately, this is the only one.
The document is a rare specimen of the mock.
sentimental. The matter, if it may he so call-
ed, presents nothing but arrant pretension, with
the most lamentable penury of ideas—and the
writings is in that sort of style which is called
" the valgar
.fine." This is the inure to be re-
gretted, that the motives of a
.part at least, are
good, and that much benefit has really resulted
from the labours of this Association. The Re-
port should have been drawn up with force and
good sense—first, in order to do justice to the
merits just mentioned, and nest, in order to pro-
tect from prejudice and ridicule, the vexations
and fooleries in which these gentlemen, or
some of the most ,notorious of them, love oc-
casionally to indulge. After a preamble about
" the wise, the liberal, and the humane," Re-
port starts
.with the following piece of senten-
tious wisdom, and its application to the Society :
_" It is the fate of all laudable undertakings to
".encounter, in their outset, prejudice and ridi-
" rule. This Society, undaunted by such opposi-
" tion,has pursUed its progress mitha steady pace."
Now this, in the Ist place, is not true—in the 2d,
not original. Such is not the fate of all laudable
imdertakings—truth being much more frequently
encountered by persecution. than by ridicule—
aud this moral apothegm has been forestalled by
iohannah Souidlcote and Doctor Tozer. Among
the objects of the Society, the Report enumerates
introducing 66- Elementary Works, impregnated
with humane sentiments."--' hat a fustian
taphor is here, for what might and should have
been simply expressed ! Another object Was
to interest the professors of physical science iu

the cause of humanity !" Here, for the sake
of using a bombastic envelope of words, the
writer ignorantly confounds " physical" with
" medical" science, and has "the effrontery,
against all truth, to suppose physicians and sur-
geons not " interested in the cause of humanity."
Next follows a recital of the succe4sfal efforts of
the Society against hull and bear, and badger
baiting, and other " cruel sports"—a gratifying
result, which deserved to have been written with
good sense and common propriety.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]
If is very currently reported, that it is the in-
tention of our Government to prevent Lord
Cochrane from going to Greece, and the general
conclusion is, that this measure is to be adopted
as a compliment to, our allies the Turks. The
same distinguished Naval Commander joined the
Brazilians against Portugal, and nothing was
said ; may we, therefore, ask, was our alliance
with the Court of Lisbon, at that time, less
binding than our present relations with the Turks?
Yesterday was a holiday at the Bank • there
were in consequence no transactions at the Stock Exchange in
Money Stock. The quotation for account was all the morning
NU, and for October, 90i. It is now conjectured that there
will be little alteration tilfafter to-morrow, as the quantity of
puts, as they are termed at the Stock Exchange, were yesterday
very great; that is to say, when the Consols were 90i, the job-
bers bought as low as 90, the seller, however, reserving the pri-
vilege of putting if he chose an equal quantity upon the buyer,
at the same price, at any time during the account. The seller
had thus the prospect of making a considerable sum, if Consols
went much below that price. It is therefore the interest of the
extensive jobbers who purchase on such terms to keep the price
steady and not below 90, otherwise they would get a greater
proportion of Stock put upon them. The attention of the mem-
bers of the Foreign Market was directed entirely to the new
Guatemala 6 per Cent. Loan, which came out yesterday morn-
ing at 73; there was a rush to sell ; and in a few minutes from
4 y prem. it fell to and 4 dis. The other South American
Stocks were slightly affected by the fall in the Guatemala Scrip.
Colombian Bonds were Mil, Mexican Scrip 4 to 41. dis., Peru-
vian Bonds 73, Brazil Scrip 5 to 54. die. Greek Scrip was with-
out variation, 13 to 12i. In other Foreign Stock there was no
alteration worth noticing. In shares there was nothing particular
to notice, except the continued appearance of new Associations
for Steam-boats. There were two yesterday morning—one a
London, Gravesend, and Queensborough ; the other London,
Portugal, and Madeira; the first was at par, the latter at
premium.—Ubid.)
