THE LOUISIANA LOAN.

A new loan for the state of Louisiana, one of the United
;tides of North America, has been contracted for by the
.ouse of Baring and Co. The following account of the
tsnsactions is from authority that may be relied on.
The amount of the loan is for 7,000,000 of dollars. The
!ontract was taken- in New Orlean., at 106 per cent. for a 5
;icr cent. stock, with a fixed period of redemption. The Arne-
Tlc.an exchange on England being about 9 per cent. discount,
its would be equal to a price of 97 in the London market.
e stock being issued here at 104, with the addition of
the exchange, is equivalent to 113 in New Orleans, and con.
71equently the English subscribers have it at an advance of
Per cent. on the contract price.
Now there are several circumstances connected with
this transaction which deserves serious remark, as con-
rieeteri with the character of British capitalists and the se-
curity of British property.
.„ In the first place, as relates to the former, we do not
'e what right the contractors have, consistent with the
Ibanal practice, to engage for the loan at one price and sell
t at another,
or, in other words, to charge their friends
7 per cent, for being put upon their list as sharers in the
contract.
t. In the second place, it must be evident that the reputa-
PlOO of the house in question, and its known connection
tblial America, must have been the sole guarantre to the
cr for the ultimate security of a very unpromising
gain• If we are rightly informed, the previous debt of
IhLouisiana amounted to about 7,000,000 of dollars ; add
e 7,000,000 created by this contract, and the whole will
','jnount to 14,000,000, or about 2,800,0001. Why,
e''',..alwieons according to the best of our recollection, sold
ID*" whole territory to the United States for half of the
-tLneY' BY comin under such onerous obligations, the
' of Louisiana gwill be more heavily taxed than any
n'ettber of the American Union, for the mere payment of
it'd" 'es without raising one cent for the expenses of in-
dfti
''' arovernrnent. The whole population of the state
oea .
bi"-a' chnl exceed 215,000 persons, of whom 109,000 are
Omitting the latter from the account, the debt
ef Lou* '
Woman Islana will amount to 261. a-head on every man,
, , and child, in the republic. This is an amount of
714tgage on the industry of the Louisianian people only
etllledeednoedt in proportion by the debt of Great Britain itself,
lite equalled by that of any other nation with which
areln acquainted.
IQ the third place, though it would not matter much
a private debtor ho has to pay interest for a loan to
Whattlparty he paid it, whether foreign or domestic, yet
w (Inference is extremely important in this case, whether
the creditor be foreign or domestic, as the necessity of re-
:o.rting to a foreign loan-market, and paying interest to fo-
ieigners, shows the absolute impossibility of raising money
.",es and therefore the difficulty with which remit-
'flees must be procured to fulfil engagements in London,
*here the shares are all issued, and where only provision is
11l be made for their ultimate liquidation,
It is not for us to step in between people and their
t'tell imprudence ; but we must express our surprise and
regret that we should be obliged again to advert any fur-
ther to the waste or the risk of British capital invested in
I:era-Atlantic loans, where there is an
etit GoVeriaMent to offer its security.not even
Times. indepen-
In Ir,

---= ln :eland, as in other countries of Europe, a
Political crisis seems now inevitable. The Evening
Mall
tin Orange Paper, and one which, whether the circurn-
e:ce be a disgrace or the reverse, assuredly has never Air
ci,triv,spronaised its feelings—inserts a letter .
.t.,—sqiNgLL, which had appeared previously infrtohnie Irish.
I,'"e: Tian's Journal and in the True. Sun here, but
IvCca h in fact escaped our notice. The 211a11
t4l,lllenge/aid,Lord ANGLESEY to prosecute itself and the,
'ittlet Journals which had promulgated Mr. O'CONNELL 'S
fer."---a production on which we are now precluded
tc°,4l commenting, because it has actually becomies,thtehastubo-f
—fa state prosecution. All we can saa
Curae Mr. O'CONNELL will have the honour ynd manliness
440,1cotne forward as the author of this singular composition,
%,,11:° to ward off mischief from those members of the
ofP Press
Le, have merely given circulation to the sentiments
forned Gentleman. The letter is addressed tothere-
f En
th
'°f Great Britain. It asserts the perfectlegality
-
resistance offered by the peasantry to theh_c.
has ile4r boneraile, and dwells much on the blood which h,_.
'll then by the troops anti police during Lord AN
-
ti Administration in Ireland, though we do not
ti" any reference in it to the blood which has been shed
orough deliberate murders perpetrated by others besides
toe Polic.e and rmy, of L
waich murders, if we recollect
tight, Sir liusaSEY VIVIAN enumerated 52, which had
taken place within a limited district of Ireland since he, Sir
JUSSEY, had assumed the command of the forces. Of the
tithe-system we have spoken frequently, and by no means
14 praise of it. But a series of cold-blooded and savage
kurdera of individuals, taken unawares and unresisting,
tt:eols not much less criminal than a demand of tithes under
.4,Composition Act. The letter of Mr. O'CONNELL is
written with force and ability.— Times.
Workmen are employed breaking up the
4,°y°./ Charlotte yacht at Pembroke yard. All the
h.,a4tifol mahogany, with which the Royal suite of apart-
i''!llts Was fitted, is being packed up to be sent to Wool-
The whole of it was so screwed together in pan-
:l", , that there will be no loss in removing it. The plate
jciti) brass fittings, mirrors, &c., are carefully stowed in
oe-cases, and destined for the same store.—Hereford
°4rnal.

41Several valuable leases of the manors and
ellll of Dranscone, in Yorkshire, belonging to Emanuel
tPital, near Bucking Lain-gate, an institution founded by
117 t Lord and Lady DACKES, in the reign Of ELIZAI3ETII,
'e recently fallen in. In consequence the Lord Mayo!
andhaye Aldermen, who ale the Governors of the Charity,
41:tbeen enabled to increase the number of children to
Y, and of the aged men and women to thirty, and to
ttnent the allowance to the aged inmates.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 28, 1832.

There was yesterday, as we expected there
would be, a private meeting of the Members of
the Conference, but what is called the Confer-
ence Meeting, is to take place to-day, for the
purpose of deliberating on the answer given by
the Dutch Ambassador, Baron VON ZUYLEN,
to the questions which were put to him by Lord
PALMERSTON in the names of the Representa-
tives of the Five Powers who have undertaken
to settle the differences betwee❑ Holland and
Belgium. It was rumoured two days ago that
the meeting fixed for this day would be a
decisive one. M. VON ZUYLEN, however, has
taken care that the Russian Plenipotentiary shall
have an excuse for further delay, for although
there can be no doubt in the minds of any rea-
sonable man as to the determination of the King
of HOLLAND to refuse all the propositions of
the Conference, even as shown in the answer of
his Plenipotentiary, this diplomatist has made
the language sufficiently evasive to create another
application for delay on the part of Prince
LIEVEN. We venture, therefore, to predict,
that no decision will be come to this day as to
the adoption of coercive measures against Hol-
land ; but we can hardly conceive it possible that
Lord PALNIERSTON will much longer remain
the dupe of Prince LIEVEN. In order to throw
the British and French Plenipotentiaries off their
guard, this diplomatist now affects great indig-
nation towards the Dutch Court, and it is insi-
nuated that his colleague, M. DE MA TUSCE-
VITC II is the person who throws obstacles in
the way of the proposed settlement. If we re-
member aright, however, it was owing to the
advice of this same Prince LIEVEN to the Dutch
SOVEREIGN, that the citadel of Antwerp was
withheld from the Belgians ; and as the pos-
session of that fortress has enabled the
King of HOLLAND to take a more formidable
position than he could otherwise have had, we
may be permitted to doubt the sincerity of this
Russian diplomatist. The real truth is, that
the Emperor NICHOLAS has not yet given up
all hope of another change of dynasty in France;
and in the expectation that there will be some
popular movement soon after the meeting of the

Chamber, which the old Royalists might make
serviceable to them, he is anxious for a delay
which should prevent the principle of the Bel-
gian revolution from being fully recognised, and
detach from France the support which a Govern-
ment firmly established in Belgium would be able
to afford to it. If Lord PALMERSTON should
longer hesitate as to the course which he is
bound to adopt, he will have more to answer for
before the next Parliament than any Minister of
greater talent and influence than himself could
wish to encounter.

We stated yesterday that orders had been
given to some of the ships of the British squadron
off Oporto to pass the bar for the protection of
British subjects. We are now able to confirm
this statement on official authority. The in-
structions were sent to Capt. BROWN of the
Talavera several days ago.

We are authorized to state that arrangements
have been completed with a military officer of
high rank and experience in the British service
for his taking a command in the Portuguese
Constitutional Army. Two or three distinguished
naval officers are also going out.

Letters have been received from Admiral
SARTORIUS, dated off the Rock of Lisbon.
He writes in good spirits, and states that he has
now no doubt of being able to give a good ac-
count of MIGUEL'S fleet if he can bring them
to action. In the last affair the enemy carried
100 guns, and threw 2,000 weight of metal
more than SARTORIUS.

The German Papers received this morning
assert that the Austrian troops are to evacuate
the Legations by the 15th of October, hoping
thereby to induce the French to evacuate An-
cona. At Berlin accounts are made up in favour
of the Russian system of misrule in Poland, but
they will produce little effect. The National As-
sembly of Greece have recognized and confirmed
Prince OTHO as King:—

BoLoosLa, SEPT. 16.—We learn that the Austrian
troops have received orders to evacuate the Legations by
the 15th of October. It is thought that the French will,
in like manner, leave Ancona. The garrison of Bologna
after that time is to consist of a battalion of Papal grena-
diers, and a battalion of the Swiss troops of Count Salis.
At the departure of the Austrians two Papal yagers, under
Zamboni, who are universally odious, will march from
Bologna to the interior provinces. Of the political im-
provements which the Papal Government has promised,
none have yet been reali.ed. At Forli, and other towns
of Romagna, arrests take place, and the persons arrested
are thrown into the state prisons. The famous mission of
Chevalier Sebregondi has come to nothing.
BERLIN, SEPT. 16.—We have very recent accounts
from Warsaw, which are such as to give much satisfaction.
Trade is reviving even in the country ; and where
the old relations cannot be restored, new ones take
their place. It cannot be said that national feeling
in Poland has abated, and regret at disappointed
hope is expressed loudly enough. But the con-
duct of the Russians, and the measures of the Russian
Government, are now judged of with more equity than be-
fore, and the people in Poland itself do not at all join in
the hostile and bitter tone which the Poles in foreign
countries think they must still indulge in against the Rus-
sians. For instance, the care taken by the Emperor of
Russia to provide for the orphans, widows, and indigent
peotantry in Poland, has been long since duly appreciated,
and, at least, the benevolent intention has been acknow-
ledged, though in some instances the execution might be
rather harsh. It is a step in the advance of humanity.
That state now interests itself in the fate of such destitute
individuals, who were formerly left wholly to take care of
themselves. In modern times, the public and private in-
stitutions for education have very much increased, and
schools for cadets, Polytechnic schools, institutions for the
artillery, agriculture, &c., are every where necessary,
and this necessity is felt ten-fold in Poland, after
such a destructive war, and an emigration which has
dissolved so many ties. Those who are in need
of such institutions are take❑ to Russia, that is to say, for
the most part only to the Polish frontiers, formerly incor-
porated with Russia, because the institutions exist there
which in Poland itself are wholly wanting, or at present
require to be again put in order.
The history of the insurrection in Poland, by
Spazier, of which two volumes have been published, is
said to be sequestrated at the place where it was printed,
but it is here publicly sold by all booksellers. It is said
that Raumur's work on the relations of Prussia and Poland
will now be published ; it is known to be compiled by the
King's command from official documents, and we hear
that it is calculated fully to justify Prussia against the ac-
cusations of foreign journals.
M. Von Fehrentheil, who was condemned to imprison-
men for life for revolutionary intrigues, has escaped from
Magdeburg, where he was confined and treated with great
mildness.

It is said to have been proposed to prohibit all those
among the numerous clubs, societies, associations, &c.,
existing, which have not already a license from the Ma-
gistrates, or do not obtain it on exhibiting their rules ;
but it is added, that this proposal, which is wholly incom-
patible with the state of society here, was at once rejected.
NAPOLI, AUG. 10.—The day before yesterday was the
important day on which the National Assembly completed
the act of the recognition and confirmation of the choice
of his Royal Highness Prince Otho of Bavaria, as King
of Greece, and decided on the letters and addresses ne-
cessary on the occasion. As the continuation of the Na-
tional Assembly at Argos, it was authorized to take this
step, and called upon by the second decree of Argos,
passed at the instance of the president Capo d'lstria, ac-
cording to which the resolutions of the London Conference
were not binding on the Greek natio❑ till they should be
confirmed by the Deputies appointed to that Assembly.
It was therefore extremely important that the obstacles
thrown in the way of the Assembly, and of the
execution of the act, both from within and with-
out, should be done away with, and the mem-
bers enabled, openly and unequivocally, to express
their own sentiments, and those of the nation, in the legal
form. The decision was unanimous. As soon as the
decree was read, the whole assembly rose with one accord,
and declared its sentiments by exclaiming—" A long life
and a happy reign to King Otho the First of Greece,"
while the people, who, in great numbers, filled the galle-
ries, and surrounded the place of meeting, joined with
loud acclamations. On the following day it was resolved
to appoint Professor Thiersch, who only waited for this
sitting to return home, to be the bearer of the addresses
to the King of Bavaria and the King of Greece. Having
received his papers, he sailed this morning in the Sl. Ni-
cholas schooner, escorted by a Government brig of war for
Corfu.

VIENNA, SEPT. 17.—Five per Cents. 137 i ; Four per
Cents. 761; Bank Stock, 1144 I.—Allgemeine Zeitung,
Sept. 21 and 22.

The Brussels correspondent of the Times
gives the following very significant solution of
the policy pursued by the King of HOLLAND.
It perfectly accords with the opinion we have
all along expressed on his conduct :

" I have always thought that the King of Holland
fought less for the interests of Holland than for his own,
and for the honour of the principles of legitimacy. to which
he considered he owed the throne of Belgium : never to
acknowledge the right of another's occupying his place at
Brussels,—not to enter into a compromise on any terms
with his former subjects ; such has been, and such is still,
I firmly believe, his immoveable resolution. The assurances
which he has from time to time given to agree to certain
conditions were but evasions, by which he wished to pro-
long his position, for lie always took good care to make
proposals in every point unacceptable. It is thus a pure and
simple restoration he wants; he will not be satisfied with
less. If proofs were wanting to justify toy assertion, I
would invoke the last answer lie sent to Lord Palmerston,
and of which the Times has spoken on the 22ii instant.
I know not whether you have seen a complete copy of that
answer ; at all event+, I have. It contains this remarkable
phrase—, That the King of the Netherlands will not sub-
scribe to the propositions which have been made to him,
whatever be the threats that may be held out to compel
him. He has experienced disastrous tines-.-many cala-

mities have weighed upon him—and he has borne them
with courage ; but, remembering the glory of his an-
cestors, and &sirous to rem in faithful to their principles,
he will never enter into a compromise with the revolu-
tionary principle. These assurances ace very explicit,
you see. How can the Conference, after this, expect a
pacific solution ?"

In fact, they do not expect it, and we are pre.
pared for the reverse.

A French frigate arrived yesterday at Ports-
mouth from Cherbourg, to announce that the
French fleet was ready to act with that of England.

Letters received to day from Paris, dated last
Tuesday evening, inform us that Prince MET-
TERNICII has declared to the French and Bel-
gian Ambassadors that in case the Conference
in London should not succeed in settling the
Belgian question in an amicable manner, the
Austrian Cabinet would leave it entirely to
England and France to adopt the necessary
means for compelling the King of HOLLAND.

A few days back we were enabled to lay be-
fore our readers a statement of an alteration that
was intended to be made in the mode of giving
legislative sanction to a certain class of Private
Bills, which would not only be a great conve-
nience to all parties interested, but would much
ease the labours of the House ofCommons. But

there is anotherpoint in the transaction of the busi-
ness of Parliament, in which the public is deeply
interested, to which we would beg attention.
We mean the presentation of public petitions.
These have so vastly increased in number of late
years, as very seriously to embarrass the pro-
ceedings of the House. It appears by the re-
port of a Select Committee appointed last Ses-
sion, that the number of public petitions pre-
sented to the House of Commons has gone on
increasing at the following rate :
In the five years ending 1789, the number

amounted to
In the five years ending 1805 to
In the five years ending 1815 to
In the five years ending 1831 to

It is true that there have been subjects under
discussion during the last-named period of very
exciting interest ; but a spirit is now roused
among the people, which renders it highly im-
probable that the number of petitions will in fu-
ture be diminished. It is not, perhaps, de-
sirable that they should, for indifference on the
part of a people to the proceedings of its legis-
lature is an infallible sign of that moral degra-
dation which fits men for slavery.

It must be self-evident that this immense
mass of petitions cannot be discussed, nay cannot
even be presented, and have the shortest state-
ment of their contents made, and yet leave
time for transacting the unpostponeable busi-
ness of the country.
By the last regulation upon this subject,

Members were allowed to present petitions after
the public business was disposed of. This rarely
happens till twelve, one, or two o'clock in the
morning, and although the petitions are cer-
tainly then to be presented, if Members choose
to present them, yet the main object of present-
ing petitions is lost. It is now universally
acknowledged, that petitions are presented less
with ally expectation of directly making an im-
pression upon the legislature, than in the hope
of publicity being given to them, and to the
opinions which may be expressed on their pre-
sentation. This hope is perfectly futile if a
petition be presented at an hour which makes
it impossible for the newspapers to notice any
thing not of the first importance. The con-
sequence is, that Members, anxious to give pub-
licity to their petitions, have to take their
chance of the ballot, as the drawing lots early in
the morning is denominated, placing them so
high on the SPEAKER'S list as to give them a
chance of presenting them before five o'clock,
when pnblic business commences.
The remedy for the inconveniences of the
present practice, suggested by the report to
which we have referred, is, that a Committee of
the Whole House should, on certain days, sit in
the House for the reception of public petitions,
the proceedings of the Committee closing at the
discretion of the Members, or when the
SPEAKER enters the House at four o'clock.
The opinion of the Committee appears to in-
cline to the necessity of establishing a rule to
prevent petitions being presented when in the
chair. It seems to contemplate the possibility
of a case arising in which it might be desirable
to present a petition to the House, the
SPEA KER being in the chair, but expresses its
fear that any exception being made would defeat
the good effect of the arrangement " through
the natural disposition of Alembers to attach
extraordinary importance to the petitions with
which they themselves are entrusted, and to seek
special occasions for their presentation." It is
evident that cases worthy of exception to the rule
must arise, and provision must be made for them,
but it must be admitted that the proposed plan
would, upon the whole, be attended with many
advantages. If the Committee met. in the House
at 10 o'clock in the morning, all the publicity
that could be desired would be certain to take
place both in the Morning and Evening Papers.
This is the principal feature in the plan, and
although we see some objections which might be
raised to its details, we think they might easily
be overcome.

There is another point incidentally touched
upon in the report, well worthy the attention of a
reformed Parliament, and which we trust some
friend of economy will take up with more success
than it has been hitherto. We allude to the expense
of printing Parliamentary papers. It appears
that the charge for printing the Appendix to the
votes, that is, the petitions ordered to be printed,
amounted to no less a sum for the last fire years
than 12,0001. The report contains a suggestion
for diminishing this expense, by appointing a
kind of examining committee to decide what pe-
titions ought to be printed in extols°, and what
ought not. This is all very well, but there is
nothing like
going to the root of the matter
Wat
once, and throwing the printing of the Parlia-
mentary papers open to competition. e do
not see why printing by contract would not be
as advantageous to the public as purchasing any
W article of Consumption is found to be. ill
our readers believe that the sheet of matter in

the Appendix to the Votes, for which the
public is charged 3/. 10s., exclusive of paper,
corrections, and night work, might be as well
printed, without in the least diminishing the
usual profits of trade,—which of course is sub-
ject to risks, which a man printing for the public
would not be subject to,—for 2/. or, at the most
extravagant rate, for 2/. 10s. ? In other words,
the public pays more by about 30 per cent. than
it ought to do. So much for the hole-and-
corner system.

We find the following significant paragraph
in the last number of the Sherborne Journal:—
" We have lately had occasion to compare mi-
nutely the names of the electors, as on the over-
seers' lists, with those who appeared to have a
claim to the franchise. We applied to the per-
sons thus omitted, to make their claim, and in
numberless instances we were answered—' That
they could not afford to vote.' They had cus-
tomers, creditors, or friends, whom they might
offend. Thus it was in the borough ; nor do we
exaggerate when we state that there are seventy
or eighty such instances. In the county it is
still worse. Here, then, is an evidence of the
absolute necessity for the protection of the Ballot,
created by the present Reform Act. Oppression
proceeds on all sides of us with unparalleled vio-
lence. The enjoyment of the franchise is almost
ruin. Can such a state of things continue ?
Ought it to continue ? The Ballot we must
have, and that speedily, or something worse will
happen. The eyes of all parties are now opened
to this important truth. Lord JOHN RUSSELL
has declared his determination to support it, if
the system of oppression is continued. Mr.
SANFORD, Mr. NEWTON FELLOWES, and, in-
deed, almost every candidate for the honour of a
seat in Parliament, is making the same declara-
tion. The people demand it, and who shall
say to them, nay ?' " It is, indeed, full time
that the question of the Ballot should be taken
up by the people with the same spirit and una-
nimity as the late Reform Bill. The necessity
for such a protection is daily becoming more
apparent. The Tories, both principals and
agents, are at work in all directions to neutralise
the good effects of the Reform Bill. Their
imperative circulars are flying about witl►
more rapidity than ever, and cannot fail
of effect, for, in some respects, their te-
nantry are left more completely at their mercy
than they were under the old system of repre-
sentation. If, then, we would obviate this mis-
chief, we must have the Ballot, and immediately
too—that is to say, as soon as it can fairly be
brought under the notice of Parliament. The
hypothesis put by Lord RUSSELL has been
already confirmed. " The landlords of this
country" have already presumed " upon their
power to compel men who have entered into no
such bargain, to dispose of their votes as mere
servants of those landlords ;" consequently, upon
his own showing, we claim his Lordship as a
staunch advocate of the Ballot. Reform, with-
out such an auxiliary, will, we fear, turn out to
be a mere matter of moon-shine, or, at any rate,
an advantage more on the side of Toryism than
of the people. Sir W. INGILBY (an active,
honest, uncompromising Reformer, who well
knows the wants of the community in that part
of the country where he resides, and who has
lately been traversing a considerable portion of
Lincolnshire and the adjacent counties) is of the
same opinion, and strenuously insists on the ne-
cessity of the ballot. We trust that a pledge to
this effect will be demanded from all Parliamen-
tary candidates at ►he ensuing elections ; for the
people may rely on it, that Reform, without the
Ballot, is like a half-built edifice,—of no earthly
use, whether to landlord or tenant. Were the
Tories .honest, Reform, in its present stage,
would be all-in-all ; but they are not so ;
their hands, therefore, must be tied up, and the
people secured from their oppression, by the
paramount protection of the Ballot.

LORD DURHAM.--The St. Petersburg Paper
of the 10th of September states, that on Friday last, th,
7th instant, Lord DURHAM, Keeper of the Privy Sail of
his Majesty the King of ENGLAND, sent on an extraordi-
nary mission to his Imperial MAJESTY, had his audience•
of leave of the EMPEROR and EMPRESS, at Czirskojeselo.
Lady DURHAM, and the Misses LAMJTON, his Lordship's
daughters, afterwards had the honour to take leave of
their Imperial MAJE.s.rxEs, to whom the persons of Lord
DURHAM'S suite were also presented. Lord and Lad)
DURHAM and the Misses LAMBTON, and the persons at
tached to their suite, had the honour to dine with fill
EMPEROR. Lord DURHAM intends to leave St. Peters.
burg on Thursday next, on hoard the Imperial steam-
boat Isidora, which the EMPEROR has been pleased to
place at his disposal.
SIR WALTER SCOTT.—So soon as the
death of oar illustrious countryman, Sir WALTER Scorr,
became generally known yesterday morning, all the vessels
in our river and harbour had their colours hoisted half-
mast high ; and during the day the melancholy erant,
which has deprivrd the world of so great and so good a
man, formed the theme of conversation in all quarters o;
the city, and among all classes of the community.— Glas-
gow Courier.

LIONEL LINCOLN, OR THE LEAGUER OF
Boszorr.—A cheap and beautiful Edition of this Work
try the Author of " The Spy," complete in a single v 9
lume, neatly bound and embellished, with a new introduc-
tion by the author, price only 6s. will be published or.
the Ist of October by Mr. BENTLEY, New Burlington-
street, of whom may be had, uniformly printed, the follow-
ing, by the same author, price only 6s. each :

. .
L The Spy.-2. The Pilot.
3. The Last of the Mohicans.
4. The Pioneers.-5. The Prairie.

Extract of a letter from a❑ English merchant
in Oporto, dated Sept. 16 :—" As to business, it is at a
stand still, except for implements of war; no wines can
be shipped, and we have disembarked some that we had
put on board. The want of a vent for goods must renchr
all the minor merchants unable to meet their engage-
ments; they are hourly stopping payment around us : it
is lamentable, many of them being very honourable, and
deserving of a better fate."
Cormorants were formerly trained in this
country to catching fish fur the table. For this purpose
they were kept with great care in the house, and when
taken out for fishing had a leathern thong tied round their
neck to prevent them from swallowing their prey. WHIT
LOCK tells us that lie had a cast of them, manned like
hawks, which would come to hand. He took much plea-
sure in them, and relates that the best he had was on,
presented to him by Mr. Woo:), Master of the cormorant,
to CHARLES I.

BEEs.—Repeated swarms of bees have for
the last 20 years been known to occupy a disused chitnne)
attached to the premises held by Messrs. Huemus, Os
vestry. Mr. S. VAUGHAN, bricklayer, for the first tithe
entered the treasure house on Wedrieselty, by taking up-
wards of six feet in height of brickwork out, and nearly
one foot in breadth, the whole of which was in the posses-
sion of these industrious workmen, whose dwelling, the
honeycomb, was about 1-4 inches thick inside the chimney.
This filled, we are informed, four pails and two buckets,
and will weigh about two cwt. The brickwork is made
up again, and an aperture hft for the bees to recommence
their work.._ Hereford Journal.
