ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE.

Last night a new musical drama, entitled 21e.44;
Recruit, was brought out at this theatre. The plot w
—which by the way is ingenious and ably wrought
out—is something to the following effect :—Albert
Ritzier (Mr. J. 'VINING) has long been the terror
of the invaders, but after many victories, he is at
length bereft of almost the whole of his brave sup-
porters, and, in order to secure the safety and corn-
fort of his wife, Agnes (Miss KELLY), he presents 17,
himself at the French out-posts, and agrees to ac-
cept of the terms offered to him in the proclama- .0
tion of the French commander,—namely, to enrol
himself in the army of the tyrant who had devas-
tated his country. His proposition is joyfully ac-
cepted, and he is allowed to proceed to the habi-
tation of his wife, under his promise, as a soldier,
that he will return by sun-rise on the morrow. He
proceeds to his mountain cottage, and is received
with delight by Agnes; but she is a Spartan wife,
and when she learns that her once patriotic husband
has sold himself to slavery, as she calls it, though it
was her melancholy situation which urged him to
take a step which he detested, she immediately de-
termines to send him back to his old trade of moun-
tain skirmishing and starvation. For this purpose,
she drugs his wine so liberally, that, instead of sleep-
ing for a night, his nap extends to two nights, and a
considerable portion of the third morning. The
lady takes this step, in the belief that her husband,
finding himself likely to be proceeded against as a
renegade, will at once betake himself to his ancient
haunts. When Ritzier is awaked, he is gratified by
the agreeable intelligence that a company of French
soldiers are advancing to seize him as a deserter.
His lady now becomes sensible of the folly
of her conduct, and pathetically beseeches Ritzier
to save himself by flight. He, however, patiently
awaits the arrival of the detachment, until Agnes,
looking from the casement, exclaims that it is headed
by Pierre Petard (Mr. 0. SMITH), a French
grenadier, who had endeavoured in Ritzler's absence
to corrupt her virtue. Of course the feelings of the
mountain chief are excited to madness, and he fires,
and apparently brings down the assailer of his
honour. But it afterwards turns out that Pierre
Petard has brought himself down. By some in-
tuition, and just as Ritzier's rifle is discharged, a
lucky thought enters his head to tumble down a
precipice, to conceal himself in a cave, to wait until
Ritzier is shot for his supposed murder, and then
start forth and woo the widow !.! This scheme
is, however, defeated by one Hans Frankhausen
(Mr. KEELEY), a village pedagogue, one whom the
gods will not make poetical, much as he desires it.
This wight is deeply enamoured of Elise the sister of
Agnes, and having, through the trickery of Picrra Pe-
tard being led to believe that the lady is false to him, he
enlists for a soldier. The Colonel, however, wants
long measure, and as he is short measure, he is, to
his great comfort, for he finds that his mistress has
been calumniated, sent about his business. But his
connexion with Ritzier leads him into a fresh scrape,
and to escape from danger he retires to a certain
cavern. To this cavern Pierre Petard also resorts
for concealment, and, charged with the news that
the intriguing serjeant still lives, Frankhausen has-
tens to his friends, and the drama ends, as most
dramas do, to the satisfaction of all parties con-
cerned. Mr. KEELEY'S performance of Hans Frank-
hausen was lively and amusing; and the little part
of Elise found an efficient representative in Mrs.
KEELEY. Miss KELLY'S performance was masterly,
and drew down repeated applause from the audience.
The music by HAwEs, was pretty, but not first-rate.
Altogether the drama was very favourably received,
and will, we doubt not, become a favourite.

Lady LYNDIIURsT remains at Walmer Castle,
too much indisposed to leave it.

DOVER, SEPT. 8.--After the sharpest oppo-
sition which has been known for years, HENRY PRINGLE
BRUMES, Esq. was duly elected Mayor of this town and
port for the year ensuing. The numbers were as follow
HENRY PRINGLE BRUYERIS, Esq. ...... 47
ROBERT WALKER, Esq 544
WILLIAM KICOCKZR, Esq.
EDWARD Lummox, EN.
