LUSHINGTON V SMELL.

This case, wl,:e4 has already occupied the Court for an
entire day, was then called. It comes before the Court
upon except.ons to the Master's report, and was instituted
for the purpose of ascertaining the rights of several parties
under a will. It is not likely that even the plaintiff's
Counsel will have concluded their arguments to-day.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH.
The Court was occupied all the morning on the Special
Paper, and nothing of interest transpired.

COURT OF COMMON PLEAS.
Nothing of public interest transpired in this Court, this
morning, previous to our going to press.

HIGH COURT OF ADMIRALTY.

IN THE MATTER OF A SLAVE WOMAN CALLED GRACE.

Dr. LUSHINGTON was heard this day in reply in the
above important case, the decision of which it is under-
stood will affect the property in slaves in our West India
Colonies to a very considerable extent. The facts of the
case are already partially known to our readerr and are
as follow :—A female slave, named Grace, born in sla-
very in the island of Antigua, was conveyed from thence
to England, in attendance upon the wife of her owner,
in 1822; she voluntarily returned with her mistress in the
following year (1823), and in 1825 was claimed by an officer
of the customs as forfeited to his Majesty, under the pro.
visions of the sth Geo. IV. When the case came to be
argued before the local authorities in Antigua, it was con-
sidered of so much importance, that the matter was laid
before Lord Bathurst, who then presided at the head of the
Colonial Department, and his Lordship directed that the
case should go on until judgment was delivered by
the Judge of the Island of Antigua, and that what-
ever decision he should make, the parties should
then appeal to the High Court of Admiralty, in
order to obtain the opinion of Lord Stowell, as it
was desirable that the most eminent civilian who ever sat
in that Court should decide upon a point at once so novel
and important. The local Judge decided in favour of the
owner and against the claimant, upon which the appeal
was laid. The question was argued on the broad
principle—whether a slave being free by setting foot
on English ground, can afterwards relapse into a state
of slavery, upon his or her voluntary return to the place
of slavery. The King's Advocate and Dr. Lushington
argued this question in the negative, upon the principle
that the Common Law of England extended to Antigua,
which was colonised, and not conquered by the English.
That by the Common Law the slave Grace was free, and
that there-was no Act of Parliament pointed out by which
the Common Law, as it affected this case, was contradicted
or impugned.
Drs. JENNER and Donsow for the respondent, insisted
that the law of England, by which a slave became free
upon setting foot in England, was only a municipal law,
and could not be supposed to extend to those Colonies
where slavery was sanctioned, and laws actually made
for its regulation. They also relied upon tho right arising
from uncontested usage, it being the uncontested custom
since the settlement of Antigua, in 1652, to export do-
mestic slaves from Antigua, and import them from Eng-
land, when they relapsed into a state of slavery, without
dispute.

The arguments having been concluded this day, tl4 case
now stands for the judgment of the Court.

THE MARKETS.-LTHIS DAY,)

HAY MARKET..-
.17, JA
.t. G
Lowland Mead. flay 4 oto 5 0
Upland Ditto 5lO 610
Rye.grasa Hay 5lO 610
New Ditto.... 4lO SlO I

t per Load of 38 Trussm)
MESS.

X. I. L. F.
Clover Hay 4 15 to 7 0
Oat Straw 2 2 2 8
Wheat Ditto 2 8 214

Straw from t,s. to 98. per load i
of each kind of Hay stationary.
SMITH:

higher than last quoted; prices
S•Tply limited, and trade brisk.
:FIELD.

X. s. X. s.
LowlainlMead.Hay 3 15to 4 15
Upland Ditto 415 515
Rye-grass Hay 415 515
New Meadow Hay 4 5 415
Clever Hay from 38. to 55., N
per load higher than on Saturd:
trade.

X. s. .C. s.
Cloy. Hay gen erially 5 oto 7 0
Do. extra tine 0 0 710
Oat Straw 2 2 2 5
Wheat Ditto 2 5 210
leadow Hay 55., and Straw 2s. to
lay. A short supply, and a brisk

WINDSOR (TUESDAY.)--The Queen of
WURTEMBERG, accompanied by the Princess
AUGUSTA, took an airing yesterday afternoon
in the King's barouche, in Windsor Great Park.
Yesterday was a grand field-day with the rE.gi-
ment of Royal Horse Guards, who were review-
ed by Sir HUSSEY VIVIAN, the Inspecting Ge-
neral, in Stoke-park.
The Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE gave
a grand dinner, at their residence in the Ad-
miralty, yesterday, to the Foreign AmbassadOrs
and Ministers, their Ladies, and a select party ;
among whom were Prince ESTERHAZY, Prince
and Princess POLIGNAS, Prince and Princess
LIEVEN, Count and Countess D'ALCUDIA,
Count de MOLTKE, Baron MALTZAHN, Mon-
sieur FALCK, Count de MANDEsLoff, Count
and Countess MUNSTER, Mr. and Mrs, CAN-
NING, Marchioness CLANRICARDE, Sir Ggo,
COCKBURN, &C.

Their Royal Highness gave a sumptuous en-
tertainment in the evening to the members of
the Royal Family and a very numerous assem-
blage of Nobility and Gentry.
The French and Spanish Ambassadors trans-
acted business with Viscount DUDLEY yester-
day, at the Foreign-office.
The Duke of PORTLAND, Mr. WYNN, and
Mr, HUSK ISSON, visited Mr. CANNING yes-
terday.

FINE ARTS.—A very spirited portrait of
Mr. CANNING has just been published by Mr.
SAMS. It is engraved by W. BRETT from a
painting by T. STEWARDSON, Esq. The like-
ness is striking, and the engraving well executed.
Mrs. BEAUMONT gave a grand ball and sup-
per yesterday evening at her house in Portman-
square, which was attended by nearly 320 of the
haut ton.
