WEAT HEIL

Extract from a 'Mt TEOROLoGICAL JOURNAL for July 1821,
kept at the Observatory of the Academy Gosport
The greater part of this month has been tine, but cold for the
season, particularly the first 8 days and nights, in one of the lat-
ter a slight hoar-frost occurred without the town. To the heavy
rain from the eastward on the 21 instant, (being upwards
of an inch in depth), and the succeeding N.T. and N.W.
winds, that depression of temperature near the ground may
be justly attributed. During-twenty-two days of the month,'
not one-tenth of an inch of ram fell; but in the other nine
days and nights upwards of 3. inches fell in this neighbourhood,
mostly in the first and last quarters of the Moon. Last month
the wind prevailed fourteen days from the N.E. and this month
it has blown ten days froM the opposite point of the compass,
generally. in brisk gales.
" The mean temperature of the air is 2° lower than the
mean for July in 1818, 1819, 18!U, and 1821 ; but rather
higher than the average heat of July in 1616, andlBl7—yet
the thermometer in the shade has not risen higher than 76 deg.
this summer: therefore it is not probable that the sickle will be
in general use in the low and level corn-fields before September.
" The me::n temperature of spring water at eight A.M. was
52 deg. 03 min.
"The atmospheric and meteoric phenomena that have come
within our observation this month, are five solar halos, eighteen
meteors, two of them caudated, lightning, with distant thunder,
in the evening of the 19th ; and eight gales of wind, or days on
which they have prevailed, namely, one from E. one from S.and
six from S.W."

EXPORT OF COTTON TWIST.—The followinu.
is the quantity of Cottoti Twist exported from
Hull, for the quarter ending sth July, 1821 :
Total first half year.
Germany . Lb. 3,115,782 . Lb. 5,438,887
Russia 2,021,857 . 2,021,857
Holland and Flanders 10,800 . 19,579
•
Prussia • 3,153 . 3;153

57151,592

6,503,471

• At Havre-de"-Grace, on the day of the Coro-
nation, the English Residents gave an elegant
ball and supper, at which all the Nobility and
Gentry of that part of France were present.

THE QUEEN.-This morning,ai eleven o'clock,
the following BULLETIN was exhibited at Cam-
bridge-House :
" The QUEEN has passed the night without sleep ; but
11En MAJEsTY's symptoms are not worse than yesterday.
" AI. BAILLIE.
".11. AINSLIE.
" W. G. MATON.
",P. WARREN.
" 11. HOLLAND.
" Brandenburgh-House, Aug. 7,9, a. m."

The Paris Journals of Saturday, which arrived
this morning, do not contain any positive intelli-
gence respecting the great question of peace or
war between Russia and the Porte, but the latter
seems most probable. It was generally believed
at Vienna, on the 24th of last month, that the
Russian Minister at Constantinople, Baron De
STROGONOFF, had been sent a prisoner to the
Seven Towers, and that the Russian troops were
in full march. A part of the army of the South
was marching through Podolia on Kaminick, and
the army under Count WITTGENSTEIN was advanc-
ing towards Bessarabia. This opinion is strengthen-
ed by a private letter from Wilna, of the 27th of
June, which states, that the European Powers
are exerting their united efforts to induce the
Porte to treat his Christian subjects with more
justice and humanity, but it is apprehended they
will not be able to obtain this object without re-
sorting to hostilitieS. "By the time this letter
cc reaches you," it says, " a considerable move-
cc meat will, beyond all doubt, have taken place
"in our army. Every thing indicates that we
" are on the eve of great events. We may indeed
look upon our country as the cradle of the
CC great destiny which awaits the south-east of
" Europe, in whatever manner the Emperor
" ALEXANDER may deem it expedient to interfere,
" in putting an end to the calamities of our Chris-
" Oen brethren." The letter then contradicts,
on the authority of advices from Petersliurgh,
the report of a misunderstanding between the
English and Russian Courts, and insinuates that
this Ccnintry would co-operate with Russia against
Turkey in the cause of suffering Christianity.—
" The result of such a contest would not be
doubtful," it continues, " if the greatest Conti-
" rental Power and the greatest Maritime Power
" of Europe were to unite their forces for the
" same object."

The report of the whole of the Morea having
fallen into the possession of the Greeks, is rather
confirmed by an article from Frankfort, which
affirms, that the Turks were obliged to abandon
the fortresses of Tripolizza, Modou, and Coron,
for want of provisions.
An article from Lisbon gives a copy of the
KING'S Speech to the Cortes, which was read by
his MAJESTY'S Secretary in the Sitting of the 4th
ultimo, in reply to that addressed to his MA-
azsTy by the President of the Cortes, on occa-
sion of the KING taking the oath to the constitu-
tion. As the sth paragraph produced consider-
able discussion in the Cortes, we give the follow-
ing extract of it, as well as an account of the
correspondence which ensued in explanation :-
64 In the act of the convocation of the Cortes,
" the Portuguese protested that the edifice of the
" new constitution which they proposed to form
" reposed on the immutable basis of hereditary
" Monarchy, in the House of Braganza : they
renewed the oaths of fidelity, which were taken
" by all classes of the nation on my accession to
" the. Throne of my ancestors. They have also
" sanctioned the fundamental principle of every
" constitutional Monarchy, that the exercise of
" sovereignty, consisting in the exercise of the
" legislative power, cannot be vested sepa-
-1 rattily in any one of the integral parts of
" the. Government, but in the union of the
'' Monarch and the Deputies elected by the
" people, who are to form the Supreme Na-
" tional Council, called by our ancestors the
" Cortes, and to whom collectively belongs
" the exercise of the Legislative power ; so that
" if ever the Monarch usurped this right without
" the participation of the Chamber of Deputies,
" the Government would be transformed into a
" despotism ; and, in like manner, if the Cham-
" her of Deputies should attempt to exercise
C 4 alone the Legislative power, the. Constitutional

cc Monarchy would he trausrormed into an
44 garchy."
The Secretary of the Cortes sent a letter 0
reply to his MAJESTY'S Ministers on the 12th of
July, thanking the KING for his' gracious sixec`ol
and informing him that-" the Cortes could not,
" howeve`i'l help Temarking that the sth para.

" graph contained expressions contrary to the 21st,
" 23d, and 24th articles of the bases of the Con-
" stitution, in which the line of demarcation WO
44 drawn between the legislative and executive
" power. By these articles, the national rePre'
44 sentation and the executive power are call"
" sively reserved to the General Cortes. The.
" KING is excladed from the direct initid
4' ative ; to him is confided the right of assent'
44 and a veto, which is not, however, absolute'
—ln order, therefore, that it might not be
supposed his MAJESTY entertains any sen-
timents contrary to these articles, and in opP°'
sition to his declarations on every occasion t°

adhere to the principles of the Constitatio"'
the Secretary enclosed the speech in question t 4
be presented to the KING, in order that such ("'
planations might be given as 11is'3.1.k.rE.,TY Sll°ll'

deem expedient.
On the 14th, the Minister sent an answer t°
the Secretary of the Cortes, statinz, that a 1115
" MAJESTY commanded him to declare that havitil4
" sworn to adopt the bases of the constituti°9'
" it could not be his Majesty's intention to insert
" in his speech any idea or expression which V 135
nti
" not in perfeckaccordance with those bases

" his oath."
Not content with this communication of 1113
sentiments, the KING desired that his Decl3r3'
tion should be made public, and addressed a letter
to the Cortes on the 14th, which was read is tie
sitting of that day, and was received with the aP:i
plauses of all the Deputies. His MAJESTY rePeates,
the sentiments,expressed in the letters of his gin;iir
ter, and again declared," that having sworn IP('
,0
" most solemn and unreserved' manner, to °l3ser
" the bases of the Constitution, there was nothill
" his speech intended to be inimical to those base;;.
" nor had he ever cherished such a wish, and
ic,
" therefore desired that all the phrases •
c: oloit.
were in any shape ambiguous should be
" ted."

[Extract of a Letter from St. Domingo, dated Jell
" I have no news of importance to conirtni
es-
tr.
rate to you: tranquillity is every where
0,
Wished ; the measures of the Government to.
wards the late Insurgents met with great arl'os,
bation. At Cape Hayti a soldier, with his o,nl
ket, advanced to the place where BOYrit
rz
standing, and asked for the President :ci
suspecting his purpose, suddenly advanced °a;
him, saying, " Here I am !" The fellow s
t "
panic-struck, and he was immediately Pu the,
irons, and confessed himself hired to shoot ex-
President, or, as the Government Gazette !lot
presses it, he confessed that his Lieutenant the
himself given him a cartridge to aceomPli°lbotit
foul deed.-----Nothing has as yet transpired ad
l;F
the South American privateer which was se`7"

thiHs Government."
alifax and Montreal Papers arrived 003
morning, but not of a late date.

The vast extent of continent, which, sere forth
from the eastern parts of Europe 'and the '°
'1
s°
of ,Africa, comprehends the greater par- °.t ioaf,
. A
part
has been the . source of many populous 11-
and the seat of many extensive empires" oc-
irruptions and new conquerors continually di,
ceeded each other; but th€, power of futll'
de( 1
t
.:.n empire seems seldom to have been 9-1:4:on:et
'ith the skill requisite for maintaining it' oislt•
ed a more lasting name,than others. however, arose to a greater height, and esta-ditie'
rent branches of Tartars from the north,
.1.1.1:101 thes,
er
extensiver.ral)ians frreogmiont Isle,
asnodu south,
founded
died their toll's °,,,ai
great and l'er"ro'
Went
ellmlpAitiZtEnl,fleouenindileci
his religion, and won by the terrors of his ssyttitt
was within two hundred ears
ire
on the
tthhee
after his tiettio
extended by the KALIFS, or CORMlallders C;
plift
Faithful, over the north of Africa and .grOare±g
inof Asia ; besides which they made great filo. 5t tll
the south of Europe, having Overrun al-frfice.
Spain, and entered Sicily, Italy, and,:t Ogg:
he seat of their power was establishe" ' 5.10"
dad; but as the KALIFS surrendered tliett!:vire,',
fascinatioora,
to indolence and luxury, and as their %;tsll'
hastily raised, was ill connected in atilt' Picollie,.
victorious V
of
e
it.was surrounded, and
soon fell under the sword of more hard' —„,l;o''
titors,-furnished by the Tartar nations, bY - ca 4
deserts and mountains extending from Chiere 3'
the Danube. The Turkmans, or rola/ vit 09,
tribe of these Tartars. Their original se,,citeo
beyond the Caspian Sea ; from whence, "ljout
by the desire of plunder, they descended. 1.1.010
the year 8002• and seized upon Arrnelt.iafe first
th wa,
them called Turcomania. About 997,
Sultan of PERSIA, nominally subject to tht:‘,..os.
who inhabited thria to
cen KALIF, had extended his empire from .-1; ea to
oxiana to Ispahan, and from the Copia" .5 son
the Indus ; but upon the succession of 11l 00,
or TOGRUL BEG, obtained possession of hi! 0 the
MAssup, 1938, a body of Turks, under T°Nliog-
.dorn. It is supposed that about this tin" nod
. Turks embraced the religion of MAnomfol

14°11

- - • •
4tA.LIP having called them to his assistance '
ilkttlltst the rebellious Emirs, constituted the vic-
-2°llg TONGRUL, 1055, temporal Lieutenant of
$
tionanzander of the Faithful. A fter this, the
(6 ,
ti Was short to the attainment of the whole
tWer of the Kalifat, to which a descendant of
NGIs-KnAN finally put an end, 1239, in the
elrson of the Kalif MusTAzem. Meanwhile, the
Turks
:urks, about the year 1200, had been forced to
4teld their Persian Empire to more northern
04es of Tartars, who continually protruded
ne- after another, and harrassed them incessantly
it their newly acquired dominions. But the
tkurks had previously extended their arms over
e greater part of Asia Minor, whither
theY now retreated, and fixed their empire
at.
tconium in Silicia, since Karamania. Here
h°o they were pressed by the Tartars; and
ere they were forced to cede, 1229, the whole
rPalestine to the crusading Christians, which,
.112wever, they soon regained, taking Jerusalem,
and putting to the sword, without distinc-
i;en or mercy, man, - woman, and child. After
,t 45 various-contests arising in the Turkish ern-
rre, it fell for a time into small independent
ern-
s and remained without a head until
t,'e rise of OTHIMAN, who, about the year 1300,
isumed the title of Sultan, fixing his empire at
r 4.35, in 13ythinia; and in whom the Ottothan
and name originated. In 1338, the
or re-organized Turkish power first ob-
:lned a footing in Europe. In 1360, it
established itself at Adrianople ; and at Cpn-
-I,:lltinople in 1453, thus fixing a foreign and
Iliru,,arous power in our quarter of the globe,
thtic,h by successive conquests subjugated all,
ofinlbabitants of some of the finest countries
la "?'4l'ope,—threatened a similar fate to the ad-
ti e'nt states,—and alarmed even very distant na-
};e4ls. The Turks have now kept their footing in
),01..rc'Pe for more than four centuries, connected,
bui; Only with their wretched subjects the Greeks?
-,". with most of the European states, which have
1:12 induced, either by policy or interest, to
poi." intercourse with them, and to enter into,
f,Uleal and commercial alliances with the most
rl-°einus and barbarous of nations. Notwithstand-
V the humanizing influence which might have
have expected
rem from this intercourse, the Turks
ained unchanged to the present day,
it, manners, and character, having nothing
soi°l34non with the nations of. Europe except the
s~iOur manners and civizilation, our arts,
lop",ces, and religion, have equally remained
the:gn to them. So gross is their ignorance,
lit"' not only the populace, but their pretended
troe,rati, still believe that the Earth is sustained
st,'", the seventh Heaven by a strong chain, that
of°tltner chain sustains the Sun, which is a ball
Ntr"re, as big as a Turkish province ; that the
tei'.l's are sustained by similar chains ; and that
tr4Pses of the Moon are occasioned by a large
4,70 n, -which endeavours to devour that luminary.
th„43old be difficult to point out one invention, with
exception of gunpowder and fire-arms, which
ore.:if have adopted. Their manners and modes
th 1-4°lflestic life, the degradation and slavery of
Women, the practice of polygamy and the
.tli:/Pl°.Yment of eunuchs, the despotism which
loey,exereise, and the servitude and degradation
and -h.lch their victims are subject, their obstinate
their In :rant- contempt of every thing foreign,
re
11 and costume, their language, and their
cha,-,,,L1 all proclaim their unchanged and un-
intn-t,`'eanie character. Asiatic barbarians they came
to 'rope, and Asiatic barbarians they remain
e Present day.—To the oppressive rule of these
Throarous usurpers an illustrious and numerous
Dei, ie, to whose ancestors we are indebted for a
at Part of our civilization, are now subjected.
th:ol)(2Pulation and misery march hand in hand
Gughout the provinces. The numbers of the
reeksare
are rapidly diminishing, and unless they
yo rescued from the cruel fate which threatens
1.413 they must be wholly exterminated. This
aura
people, in every respect European,
4tirv'e at length arisen to throw off the long en-
•ed yoke of slavery. They claim a national
tiNrlstellee, independent of foreign controul ; and
klid and back, with arms in their hands, the first
Most sacred right of mankind. Can Europe,
atl e People of England, look with indifference
r. "le struggle, on the last generous effort of
thetek courage, to obtain independence,—on
a
to ez' conflict which is to enable a whole people
eve Merge from slavery, or to plunge them for
in despair ?

kl,t ----EDWARD NEWSOM, Esq., has been
Cork ed for the next year Mayor of the City of,
1'1111,2 a situation which, we anticipate, he will
his '.tl: high honour to himself and advantage to
tit-"ve City. Mr. NEWSOM'S late father, one
Chant Society of Friends, was an eminent Mer-
late d at Cork, and (though engaged in trade)
.`,l,;'oe 4'1,3 in which he lived did not, perhaps, pro-
v'ishetteNtr classical scholar, or a more accom-
Itlch a 3,r valued Gentleman. Springing from
,"..e430-1:1.e, young, and connected as Mr. E.
'rte. h. 4) maternally, and by marriage, he bas
'se 4-.14 Common incitements to the due exer-
ilalert "le officiai duties which he will have to
to dal.c.
a3Patclies, we understand, were received yes-
bavd morning, at the Foreign Office, which
-:ll,duced the Marquess of LONDONDERRY to
~
1,01.44d1ia departure for Ireland, for which his
'll'er.ll was preparing to set out.—(Liforning
s.
4111ee Lerday
morning the Duke of GLOUCESTER
t..lss,v,d in town from his visit at the Earl of
builk s residence at Cashiobury.—The Duke and
rei;`ess of 'CLARENCE, accompanied by the
.Duke of SAxe MEININGEN, left town
reCerday morning for Bushy Park, and on their
4ra to town, stopped and dined with the
tiatliettess of KENT, at her apartments in the King's
PRINCE
at Kensington.
'RINCE LEOPOLD.—Paris, Jul,j 30.—Prince
°l'or.rl* has removed to the Hotel de la Grande
11:4tille, Rue Richelieu, where his Royal High-
ill; is in the enjoyment of the same comforts as
-ngiand. His Royal Highness dined with the
y
q sof STAFFORD on Thursday.—On Satur-
a the
to • English Ambassador gave a grand dinner
LEOPOLD and a party of distinguished
4,lractere, -at which the Marquis of STAFFORD
"II the Earl of Strron were present.
