REPORT.

• The House deeply regret that his Excellency should have
felt himself compelled, by his instructions, to send down to
the House a message, little calculated to promote that confi-
dence and unanimity between the colony and parent state,
which, at a crisis like the present, are, on every account, so
much to be desired.

His Excellency expresses his regret and disappointment,
that all his efforts to induce the House to pass a Police Bill
co-existent with the apprenticeship; should have proved inef-
fectual. The House regret, in common with his Excellency,
that any misunderstanding should have been occasioned by
their declining to comply with an application, the utility or ob-
ject of which they were unable to discover, and in support of
which application no other reason had been assigned than that
such was the desire of the English Government. But setting
aside all other considerations, the House can see no good rea-
son why they should not be left to themselves, who are most
deeply interested in the peace and well-being of the colony,
to provide for their own safety and protection.
The House would gladly avoid entering into a retro-
spective detail of the occurrences of the four last disastrous
years, feeling, as they do, how little good can result from
recrimination between the Colony and the Parent State ;
but when the British G,pvernment gravely puts ,forward a
claim to the gratitude of a class of his Majesty's subjects,
whose property has been nominally paid for, but substan-
tially confiscated ; and when this claim, so ill founded, is
daily reiterated as an excuse for further aggression, the
House owe it to themselves, and to their constituents, not
only to deny the acknowledgment of obligation, but most so-
lemnly and distinctly to declare their sense of a continued
succession of injuries, aggravated by misrepresentation and
calumny, and consummated by an act of the most unparal-
leled spoliation ever committed by the Government of any
country, upon its own subjects.
Of the measures which have been enumerated in the Mes-
sage, the two first—the loan of 500,0001., and the exemption
from the military supplies, may be classed together as having
originated in one cause—the unfortunate rebellion of the slaves
in this island in 1831 and 1832. That rebellion and its con-
sequent calamities were the indirect act of the British Par-
liament : they arose out of its continued and violent agitation
of the slavery question, precipitated by the indiscreet conduct
of emissaries of the Anti-Slavery Society, whom Govern-
ment tacitly countenanced and supported.
The amount of sacrifice submitted to by the British people
to abolish slavery in this island, amounted to the large sum of
six millions of pounds, but was not felt by any individual, or
class of individuals. Not so to the colonists ; to them the
sacrifice was entirely of a personal nature, and so severely and
generally felt, as to press down the circumstances of almost
every family in the island, the rich and the poor. They re-
ceive for the property wrested from them, a sum equal to the
income it gave them in twelve or eighteen months, and this
they are told is compensation ; this the unparalleled act of libe-
rality for which gratitude is due
The House are fully sensible that the Abolition Act of this
Colony was passed in an extremely imperfect state, although
not in the sense conveyed by the Colonial Secretary. It was
hurried through the House to meet the anxious wishes of his
Majesty's then representatitive; and under a solemn assurance
from him, that if the House gave effect in their Abolition
Law to the principle of the British Act, his Majesty's Go-
vernment would be disposed to place the most candid and libe-
ral construction upon any supplemental acts that might be
found necessary, provided they bore upon the face of them a
real and sincere desire to act up to the spirit and intention of
the British Parliament and people. The House, placing
faith in these assurances, coming, as they did, from the
King's Representative, acted upon them and, conse-
quently, passed the Aboliticn Act, without that due consi-
deration which a measure of such vital importance required.
They afterwards proceeded as had been recommended to them,
to pass supplemental Bills, with the most sincere desire to act
up to the spirit and intention of the British Act; but instead
of finding that candid and liberal construction given to their
enactments, which had been so solemnly pledged, they refer
with deep regret to his Excellency Lord Sligo's despatch of
the 11th March to Lord Glenelg, and the answer of the latter
thereto, dated 31st June last, as showing upon the face of
them the most uncandid and illiberal construction of the inten-
tions of the House. In these proceedings of the home Go-
vernment, the House have witnessed with unfeigned sorrow a
direct breach of _good faith with the local legislature, aggra-
vated in its character by unjust and unmeritedimputations.
The legislative functions of the House thus fettered, may be
considered as in a manner suspended, in all that emphatically
concerns the internal peace, safety, and prosperity of the
colony. The British Parliament, in passing the Abolition
Act, distinctly declared its inability to deal with the details of
that measure ; and not only gave authority to the colonial le-
gislatures to provide these details, but made that duty impera-
tive upon them, as the condition upon which alone compensa-
tion was to be granted. Yet, no sooner do the House attempt
to provide such regulations, than they are accused of trespass-
ing on the rights and privileges of the apprentices.
The House cannot, in justice to themselves or to their con-
stituents, conclude this Report without expressing their regret
and astonishment at the unmerited imputations which are cast
upon the inhabitants of the colony in the papers laid before
Parliament. Those documents represent the -whole of the
difficulties which have attended the working of the new system
as having originated not in the ignorance, indolence, or per-
verseness of the manumitted slaves, but in their oppressive,
cruel, and vexatious treatment by the white people, and that
on them alone will rest the blame if the system fails. The
House will not trust themselves to comment upon charges so
unjust and ungenerous, proceeding as they do from the highest
official authority in the colony.
The House, in thus stating their grievances and deep sense
of the dangers that impend over the colony, need scarcely add,
that in the result of the great emancipation experiment, none
are so deeply interested as-the resident Colonists. To them,
therefore, should its management be left—not in the spirit of
distrust and suspicion, but in the fullest confidence that their
most anxious and unremitting exertions will be devoted to se-
cure its successful accomplishment.

The whole of the Paris Papers of Thursday have
been received. They bring no news of any impor-
tance, with the exception of some correspondence from
the Spanish frontier, announcing the defeat of the
Carlists in three actions, the first on the 6th, the
second on the 9th, and the third on the 12th inst. In
the first of these engagements the Carlists had 600
men killed and 200 wounded.
The French Journals state that Don CARLOS has
prevailed upon his friends the money markets of
Europe to advance him a loan of 120,000,000 francs,
at the rate of 36 francs per 100 stock. We do not
credit a syllable of this report. It is manifestly a gross
fabrication, intended to create a re-action against the
rise in the approved Spanish securities.
In the sitting of Wednesday, the Chamber of De-
puties received the Report of the Committee of Pri-
vileges, upon the petition of two merchants, who
prayed to be allowed to arrest M. AUDRY ➢E PUYRA-
VEAU, a Deputy, for debt. The Committee decided
against the petitioners, and their prayer was accord-
ingly rejected by the Chamber. The Messager, which
we have just received, contains a long account of a
plot discovered in the Isle of Bourbon, one object of
which was to blow up the Royal College, by means of
gunpowder, and to massacre the authorities. It origi-
nated with some obscure individuals, but the activity
of the police prevented it from being carried into ef-
fect. A great number of suspected individuals have
been arrested.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, Maxen 17.
Five per Cents., 107 f. 25c. 30c. 40c.
Font' and a Half ner Cents. 102 f. 75c.
Four per Cents., 10If. 60c. 50c.
Three per Cents., FOC 90c. 95c.
Bank Actions, 2,1801.
Rente de Naples, 100 f. 80c.
Roman Fire per Cents., 1034 if 34 •
Spanish Actives, 45% 47%.
Spanish Differes, $6.
Spanish Passives, 15!,4%%.
Itoyal Spanish Loan, 34.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 103%.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 79.
Portuguese Three per Cents. 48N 49
Haytian Loan, 3S2f. 50e.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25c. 45c.; money, 25f. 45c
Three months, paper, 25f. 32%e. ; money, 251. 30c
—('ours Authentigue.

BOURSE, THREE o'CLocx..7-.The Three per Cents. have
remained the whole Bourse at 81f. sc. ; a few bargains have
been done at elf. 7ic. ; they, however, returned to 81f. sc.
The Active continues rising, and is in great demand : the
opening price was 46k, it improved to 47f, and returned to 47.
The Passive, 151.
The news of the Oth from Madrid is insignificant.
QUARTER TO FOUR.—Five per Cents., 107 f. 55c. ; Three
per Cents., 81f. sc. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, —; Gueb-
hards, —; Differes, 171; New Loan, —; Actives, 47i. ;
Passives, 154- ; Ducats, 101 10 ; Romans, 103} ; Pedros, 79 ;
Belgians, 103 i ; Dutch, —f. —c. ; Haytians, 382 f. 50c. ;
Miguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, =-. Con-
tinuation, ; New Differes, 22 ; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, —; Royal Loan, —.

His Royal Highness the Prince Ferdinand of Por-
tugal will not proceed to Lisbon in the Portuguese frigate
Braganz a, nor yet in his Majesty's steamer Phoenix, as has
been stated in the Newspapers. The Peninsular Steam Na-
vitiation Cowpony's steam-ship Manclitdter, lws beer, specially
engaged for the conveyance of the Prince, and is now ;it
Portsmouth fitting up for his reception. The former two
vessels are intended to accompany her.
