T.HE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1835.

Passives, 12-4- ; Ducats, 99 435 ; Romans,lo32-; Pedros, —;
Belgian; 1024 ; Dutch, —c. ; Haytians, —f. ; Miguels,
; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, —.

with good will, and if frequent recourse be had to the
stipendiary Magistrate to compel them, the consequence
will be that the estate will be deserted when the term of

In the Supplement to the Allgemeine Zeitung of.,
the 17th instant, under date of Alexandria, August
Bth, we find it stated that a second expedition to Arabia
is still the chief subject of Egyptian policy. This ex=
pedition is to be stronger than the first, which failed,
and by attacks of the enemy, and insalubrity of the
climate, was reduced to a third of its original. Eight
regiments, it is said, are again to be intrusted to the
ignorant and thoughtless leaders, to the wretched boats
in the stormy Red Sea, perhaps to fall victims to the
heat and moisture of Tehama, or to the well-aimed
matchlocks of the Bedouins, fighting for their ancient
freedom and independence, in the Assir mountains,
which are well, fortified by masses of granite. The
conquest of that naked chain of mountains is not
of itself of the smallest ' advantage to MEHEMET
ALI ; on the contrary, the Egyptian army will
always find at its foot an immense grave for
the victims of destructive order, such as once
raged among the Roman legions. Yet the sub-
jection of the savage inhabitants of this chain, whose
chiefs disgrace the Caaba, and its Scherif, and also
sometimes pour down like a torrent, plundering and
laying waste the coasts of Yemen, is absolutely neces-
sary, if MEHEMET ALI intends to become and to re-
main master, not only of Yemen, but even of the
higher country near the coast. If this war carries off
a dreadful number of men, it equally swallows up the
treasures of the Pacha of EGYPT. It may be easily
imagined, how expensive and difficult it must be, when
it is recollected, that not only all the money, but all
the provisions, ammunition, tents, &c., must be sent
from this place, partly through the desert on camels,
partly across the Red Sea. In the vicinity
of the Assir Mountains, besides, camels are not
so easily to be found, and are of bad qua-
lity, whence the Egyptians have often been obliged
to retreat, because they were destitute of every
necessary. The success of the campaign is, therefore,
very doubtful, even if this second expedition should
take place. The long and fatiguing journey, the fo-
reign and most unhealthy climate, deprive the feeble
Egyptians of all strength and energy. How shall the
natives of the level valley of the Nile, who never
ascended a hill in their lives, contend with advantage
with the Bedouins, who climb the rocks like goats, and
in the day time, when their enemies, who are numerous,
conceal themselves behind them, then attack small de-
tachments with the rapidity of lightning, and by night
keep the hostile camp in constant alarm ? This last
circumstance will render it still more difficult to keep
possession of the country, than to conquer it ; for
should the Egyptians be able to penetrate into the in-
terior of the mountain chain, the repulsed Bedouins
(especially with the imprudence of the Turks), will
early find opportunities to annoy the conquerors,
to surprise and massacre their garrisons. The
independent spirit of the Arabs, and their mortal
hatred of the Turks is such, and it is so easy for them
to emigrate, that they will certainly rather settle in

apprenticeship expires.
Mr. INNEs strongly recommends the employment of
emigrants from Europe, who, if properly selected, he
thinks, would be a great acquisition in this colony.
The experiment has been tried, but not in such a way
as to give it any chance of success. The labourers
wanted are married men, of industrious and sober
habits, who might improve the negroes by their
example in discharging the relative duties of parents,
husbands, brothers,l &c. We fear the emigrants
hitherto sent out, are not altogether of this description.
Mr. INNEs's observations on this subject, are well
worth the attention of those who are interested in the
future prosperity of Jamaica :--

" As emigration has been hitherto conducted, much mis-
chief and little good has resulted. The Colonial Legisla-
ture encouraged emigration by a bounty of 15/. currency
on each person imported, without regard to age or cha-
racter. This unqualified bounty, as might have been ex-
pected, operated as an encouragement to introduce people
on speculation. Many were engaged, in Germany and else-
where, without inquiry into character ; these persons have
deteriorated, instead of having improved society, besides
occasioning a heavy burden on the public. Even children
born on the passage out have been paid for as emigrants.
I hope this Act will be amended, by limiting the advantage
to those whose conduct for a given period after arrival may
entitle them to reward. It is so essential to show a moral
example to, and to avoid interference with the domestic at-
tachments of, the negroes, that single men, unconnected
with families, ought not to be introduced ; and great care
ought to be taken not to engage any family without suffi-
cient proof of previous good character. Emigration, thus
regulated, would prove a blessing to this country, and at the
same time benefit Great Britain. In many districts the
climate is suitable to European constitutions, and every
description of labour might be carried on without prejudice
to health ; besides which, I believe there is no part of this
island in which whites may not do all the work on coffee,
pimento, and ginger plantations ; and on sugar estates, all
about the works and buildings, as coopers, carpenters,
blacksmiths, wheelwrights, boiler-men, &c., during crop,
and out of crop as plough-men, cattle-men, wood-cutters,
and in carting manure ; consequently there is a great field
for white labour. The legislature, in addition to the
bounty alluded to, have voted sum§ not exceeding 5,000/.
for each of the three counties into which the island is divided,
for the establishment of a township in each. If this money
be judiciously expended, incalculable benefit may result ;
by forming these townships of such families as I have de-
scribed, and giving each family a dwelling, and sufficiency
of provision-land, rent-free, for a liberal period, with the
full benefit of their industry, they would soon supply valu-
able labourers for plantations, and encourage the formation
of smaller communities, to the extension of cultivation to
districts h.therto neglected. It is only by calling in the aid
of free labour that the prodigious resources of this magnifi-
cent country can be called forth. In rivers, bays, and har-
bours, Jamaica is. peculiarly favoured ; thus affording the
greatest facilities to internal improvement.
" It appears to me that planters, in their eagerness for
emigrants, are not sufficiently cautious in their selection, as
to country as well as character, foreigners being as accepta-
ble as Englishmen. It is undoubtedly a great object to in-
crease the number of labourers in a country so under-peo-
pled, but it is still more important to improve the state of
society, which I humbly conceive is more likely to be de-
teriorated than improved by the introduction of persons of
foreign habits and speaking a foreign language : it is only.
to persons from the mother-country that I look for the de-
sired improvement. For mere labourers I have heard of
none equal to the Africans who have been released under
the mixed commission, and sent to Trinidad. It may be
deserving of the consideration of Government, how far it
may be made compatible with views of philanthropy to en-
courage arrangements for importing negroes from Africa.
under similar indentures to those entered into by. persons
from Madeira and elsewhere."

some place near the Assir Mountains, and thence
harrass their enemies by sudden incursions, than bow
their proud necks under the yoke of Egyptian slavery.
But, as we have said, it is not likely to come to this.
The brilliant victory of the enthusiastic Arabs of the
Assir mountains, has surely procured them numerous
and powerful allies ; and while new chain are forging
for them here, they will collect round them the valiant
tribes of the neighbouring Happy Arabia, who, if the
Mountaineers are subdued, may expect a similar fate,
since the possession of that country, so rich in gold,
or at least believed to be so, is the chief object of Me-
hemet Ali. These, with their united forces under the
vroteetion of their coral reefs and deserts, will de-
fend their independence and patriarchal institutions,
against the mercenary slaves of the Turkish despot.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, OCT. 29.
FOREIGN FUNDS. Bills. Money.
Austrian .Metalliques, 5 per cent.
Ditto ditto 4 per cent.
Ditto Bank Shares l3ll 1339
Anglo-Russian Loan 106% 105,74
Ditto, 5 per cent 10Ul10.)14
Paper inscription, 6 per cent
Russian inscription, Hope and Co., 3d and 4th
Series
97 97
Ditto, Certificates
Portuguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent BD4 83
Ditto, 3 per cent 55% 555
Dutch ti!•,2 per Cents
Ditto 5 per Cents —
Yolish Bonds, 3 per cents.
Anglo_Danish Loan, :3 per cents 74 74!4
Norwegian Loan of 1834, 4 per cents.
Spanish, in piastres, 3 per Cents
Ditto 4 per Cent.
. _

The employment of white labourers, it is evident,
might be rendered a powerful instrument in promoting
the interests of this importaut colony. Under judi-
cious management, it could rot fail to have a beneficial
influence on the character of the negroes. The parti-
cipation by white men in that labour, which has
hitherto been considered fit only for the blacks, and
which has therefore been associated in their minds with
ideas of inferiority and degradation, will gradually re-
concile them to it; and the conviction that their ser-
vices are not indispensably necessary to the planters
will operate as a check upon exorbitant demands for

Wages.

Cortes Loan, 5 per Cent 39 35,;
EXCIIANGES ON LONDON
HAMBURG, OCT. :7.0.-13 114 ; two months, 13 93/.
Sr. PETEnsnuttnit, OCT. 13 —Three months, 10 21-14.
CHRISTIANIA, OCT. 10.—Three months, 5 8.
SrocKnor.m, Ocr. 13.—Two months, 12. I.
BEntrf; OCT. 17.—Three months, 6. 28%.
—llamburg Papers, Oct. 20.

The author of the valuable pamphlet on the working
of the apprentice system in the West Indies, which we
noticed a few days ago, attributes the little progress
which has hitherto been made in negro civilization in
Jamaica, in a great measure, to the non-residence of
the proprietors. The negroes have thus been con-
signed to the care of mercenaries. The chief ma-
nager or attorney, as he is called, represents the absent
proprietor, but, as we have seen, is often little better

than an absentee himself. Supposing him to possess
what may be called the moral qualifications for his
office—the humanity, the intelligence, the exemplary
character, which are not only necessary for the due dis-
charge of his delicate and difficult duties, but which
are in daily, nay hourly, requisition—how is a man not
gifted with übiquity to exercise a constant superin-
tendence over eight or ten thousand negroes, spread
over an extent of hundreds of miles ? The thing is
impossible ; and the necessary consequence is the em-
ploytnent of another mercenary subordinate to the
manager, who, under the name of overseer, resides
upon the estate, acts as master over the negroes,
directs all their operations, and, till the commencement
of the new system, used to punish all their transgres-
sions. It is very obvious that men so situated must
exercise an important influence on negro civilization.
If instead of being enlightened, humane, anxious for
the moral improvement of those over whom they are
placed in authority, and careful to secure that improve-
ment by the force of their own example, they are igno-
rant, cruel, irreligious, and immoral, can we wonder at
the low state of civilization among the negroes in Ja-
maica ? If such be the Character of the overseers,
book-keepers, &c., as we fear there is good reason to
believe it too generally is, can we wonder that the
negroes are not in love with work, or that they dislike
to work under their present taskmasters ?
It is almost impossible that, under any modification
of slavery, causes of mutual dissatisfaction should not
arise between the slave and his master. Under such
a system as that pursued in Jamaica, it would indeed
have been miraculous had they not sprung up in
abundance. Much, however, may, and, we trust, will,
be done by judicious management, to make up for the
mischief occasioned by the conduct of the subordinate
agents. Conciliation should be the foundation of the
new system, in practice as well as in theory. Those
persons who had rendered themselves odious to the
negroes under the slavery system, cannot fail to become
the cause of irritation when slavery has ceased. They
should be .removed, and their places supplied by men
against whom no prejudices exist. While they remain
in authority, the negroes cannot be expected to work ,
