THE BRISTOL ELECTION.

(From the Bristol Mercury, Oct 27.)
Sir R. R. Vyvyan's speech, delivered at the White
Lion on Tuesday last, will be found a pretty fair exposi-
tion of the Hon. Baronet's sentiments. He relies for
success with the constituency of Bristol upon the recom-
mendations of seeking to undo all which the Reform Bill
has done—of supporting the corn laws—the funded inte-
rest—the colonial interest—every interest but the inte-
rest of the people—of opposing cheap government
—the vote by ballot—triennial Parliaments—the abolition
of slavery—the reform of the Church—in short of up-
holding every abuse which the country desires to see
remedied. Such are the qualifications of Sir Richard !
Do our readers wish better ones ? Let them seek them in
his rejection by his own county of Cornwall ; in his
subsequently entering Parliament as the nominee of Lord
Falmouth ; in his second rejection by the county of
Cornwall ; in his being cast off by the emancipated bo-
roughs of Penryn and Falmouth ; and, if any thing more
be wanting, in his entering Nottingham with the inten-
tion of opposing Sir Thomas Denman ; and finding the
case topless there, in his giving Bristol the honour of
his fifth attempt for• a seat, in obedience to the advice of—
whom ?—the Duke of Newcastle ! Yes, the Noble Duke,
finding that he could not, with his usual facility, do
" what he would with his own," advised Sir Richard to
try Bristol ! The patron of Sir Charles Wetherell must
have intended to laugh at him !
During the week a vigorous canvass has been in opera-
tion in several parishes. The Conservative Candidate has
canvassed some in person ; and, notwithstanding the
boastings of his party, we are apt to think with indiffe-
rent success. With regard to the canvass on the Liberal
interest, we are enabled to state that as far as it has gone,
it has been most flattering. In the parishes of St. Mary
Rtdcliff, St. Thomas, and Temple, efficient committees,
in behalf of Messrs. Baillie and Protheroe, have been
formed ; and they have met with so much success, that a
triumphant majority may be said to be secured, in these
populous districts, in favour of the Liberal cause : in Castle
precincts the canvass, as it now stands, presents the fol-
lowing results 73 ; Protheroe, 69 ; and Vy-
vyan, 6 ! ! !
The sudden resignation of Mr. Baillie surprised, while
it grieved us. No one would regret more sincerely than
ourselve', his retiring from public life ; but if his resolu-
tion be unalterable, the sooner another Liberal candidate is
provided the better. We are, however, inclined to be-
lieve, with his private friends, that, though he may
very naturally shrink from the fatigue of a con-
tested election, he will, nevertheless, sit if re-
turned. Yet we should like to see a direct admission,
on his part, of his readiness to do so,—that would
be perfectly satisfactory. With regard to the ques-
tion of expense, a direct coalition between the parti-
cular friends of both the Liberal candidates, would insure
their return at one-tenth of the cost to which their con-
servative opponent must be subjected. We see nothing
to hinder such a coalition; and we desire to see it carried
universally, as it has been partially, into effect. No honest
Whig can be content with returning one Liberal Member
only; and we have great doubts of the " respectability"
of those who are willing to let the Tories have their re-
presentative.
We predicted that the mis-statements of our contempo.
rary, on the re-action among the trades of Bristol, would
shortly be contradicted on the walls of Bristol ; and that
prediction has been fulfilled by the appearance of declara-
tions from the following professions :—The cabinet-
makers, cork-cutters, carpenters, printers, brush-makers
and bellows-makers, braziers, sawyers, tinplate-workers,
toy-makers, curriers, sugar-bakers, cordwainers, pin-
makers, tailors, coopers, basket-makers, and coach -
makers. The resolutions of these trades have been as
unanimously passed, and the matter of them has been as
much to the point, as ever it was. Reform is their object,
Baillie and Protherce their watch-word, as long as they
ass willing to brave the contest; but whether one or both
of them abide the contest or no, nothing short of two
Reform representatives will satisfy the trades of Bristol.

TRIAL OF THE MAGISTRATES.—In ano-
ther page will be found a complete report of the first day's
proceedings of these interesting trials : we shall refrain
from all comment till they are concluded. Our &flow-
citizens are indebted to the proprietors of The Sun, for
their spirited exertions in furnishing them with a complete
report of the proceedings of the first day, in a second edi-
tion, which arrived in town by the mail yesterday morn-
ing with the other daily papers.—Bristol Mercury.
SHERIDAN KNOWLES is soon to appear in
London as the hero of his own play of Virginius, and we
have no doubt that he will sustain the character extremely
well. It must always be interesting to see an author of
such undisputed ability in a production of his own that
has been so highly popular. We had heard that William
Tell was to have been his next part, and that he had added
to the play a new scene, peculiarly adapted to his own
style of acting. He is now very industriously at work on
a new play, in which he is endeavouring to follow up the
manner of The _Hunchback, and we recommend that the
Manager of Covent-garden should not distract KNowr.xs
more than he can help, by requiring him to appear too
constantly as an actor.

DISSENTING MINISTERS.--On Thursday
at Wisbech, Captain Youx's agents objected to Mr. TAI,.
LOR, a Dissenting Alinister, having a right to vote. He
stated that he was appointed by the congregation gene-
rally, but believed that his appointment was for life, and
that so long as he conducted himself well, it was not in
their power to deprive him of it. lie received a part of
his emolument front the rents of land. All.. COLLINS,
the revising barrister, decided on the validity of his-claim,
and added, that if he had been compelled to decide other-
wise, it would have been with great reluctance, because
he thought, from the intelligence and endowments now
generally possessed by Dissenting Alinisters, they were
fully entitled to a voice in the Representation.—Hun-
tingdon Press.

PAPER MONEY.—Mr. ATTWOOD contends
that paper money ought to spring up like grass to the
ox's mouth ; that is, it cannot be too abundant. Mr.
FIELDEN replies, " Then make 800,000,000/. of it, and
pay off the debt." These paper schemes will only do on
paper.—Bristol Mercury.
A new suspension bridge over the Rhone at
Condrieu was opened on the 19th inst., in the presence of
the Prefect and the other authorities of the department.
STATE OF TRADE.—We are happy to ob-
serve the present condition of our manufactures, and that
en plthey are continuing to improve. The spinners and ma-
nufacturers of stuff goods are very busy, and, from what
wa
and
laenar na,dvaarnene derivingi
n
consequently
uen tiy profit.ta The
sales in British and Foreign wools have been large lately,
Still we are confident that the supply will be equal to the
demand, and that there will not be
a very extensive ad-
vance. 'fho blanket and flannel trade is very brisk, and
the manufacturers about Heckmodwike can
s y carcel
sup-
ply the demands for b'anketing.—Halifax Express.
We are happy (says the Leeds Mercury) to
he able to state that the trade in this district, though yet
for from prosperous, continues to improve, and a great
deal of business is doing in a cafe way, without anything
like speculation. The low stocks in the hands of the re-
tail dealers are now in the course of being replenished ;
and it is expected that the farmers, 1- vv.tose circumstances
have been improved by a good harvest, and a remunerating
price for their wool, will be considerable customers for
manufactured goods this winter. The worsted stuff trade
is in a still better state than the woollen trade, and has ad-
mitted of an advance both of prices and wages. The
blanket trade, after some months of deep depression, has
become uncommonly active. On the whole, the prospects
of the winter are encouraging. Our accounts from Lan-
cashire are at the least as favourable as those from various
parts of Yorkshire. The cotton-manufacturers are well
employed, and the large demand which they now have for
the home market is clearing off the heavy stock of goods
they bad accumulated. They also find their payments
come in punctually, which speaks well for the situation
of the drapers. The foreign trade is improving. Cotton-
Wool has risen id. per pound within the last five weeks,
owing to the stock in the ports being 60,000 bags less
than at the same period last year, whilst the consump-
tion
continues great; and it is supposed the difference
will he still more considerable before the end of the year.
EXTRAORDINARY PROPENSITY FOR TH EA-
TRICA Ls.—At the Surrey Sessions, on Saturday, RICHARD
HANKS, a dull heavy-looking youth, was indicted for steal-
ing a quantity of clothes and other articles from his fa-
ther. The prosecutor, a glazier, with tears in his eyes,
detailed various robberies of which his son had been guilty.
The Chairman asked what the prisoner did with the pro-
duce?--The prosecutor said his son had no bad associates,
but be spent all his money at the play-houses. Chair.
msn--Does be play at private theatres, for such places
frequently lead to the destruction of young men? Pro-
secutor--The only vice he has, that I am aware of, is his
propensity for going to the theatres; and, to accomplish
his purpose, he has reduced me and the rest of my family
almost to beggary. I have tried every expedient to break
him of the expensive habit, but all to no purpose; if a
nos, piece, or a new actor appears, nothing will preVent
him from being present on the occasion. The prisoner,
who admitted he could not withstand the temptation, was
sentenced to fourteen days solitary confinement.
