DUrcii PAPERS.

. ,
LEYDEN, JAN. 19,--From Breda we learn;that
cnr. the 17th lust. 'twenty pieces of artillery arrived
there ; and on the following day they were 'for-;.
warded,to Dordrecht, from .whence they- will be'
'sent to SleSwyk, to be mounted on the batteries
,against Gokcum.. They are accompanied by be-
tween 12 and 1300 Prussians, belonging to tilt
corps at General Billow, who arc no longer re.
quired to he engaged before Antwerp.
The number of pritimiers:.taken in the late affair
amounts to 3 or 600, including about -200 taken
by the British Army. In addition to .these pri—
soners,. 70 have arrivcd4iat Hoogstraaten, taken by
the Cossacks in the direction of Atondeucic. The
enemy had fled in that direction on being driVen
by General llorstel from Turnhout. The report
of the Cossacks is also that they have killed a
great number: ' •
_ .

By the last letters,;General Tuben remained with
5 or 6,000 men at Morxein.

General •BorStell' was at \Vest Mane and St.
Antonius, with several thousand Prussians and
English in• advance at-Capelle, on the great road
from Zunkurt to:Antwerp. The British troops are
to move to Heykam, to prevent the passage of the
French on the road to Hoogstraaten, which-is yet
free. There are likewise 5,000 Prussians at Bres-
caat and Eckeren.

There are a few allied troops posted in the Ber-
.genrout, only three-yuarters•of a, mile from the
walls of Antwerp. Thus it appear's that the Al-
lies are surrounding Antwerp and although the
communication- of the enemy with Flanders is
not yet cut off, he, cannot long possess this
cility.

The British head-luartcrl are still at Rosen-
dael, but they are to be mored more to the
southward, to West Wesel, or Putte. This last
place is 'between Bergen-op-Zoom and Ant-
werp.

[From the Nederlandsche Stoats Courant].
THE. uIiG,E; JAN. 24.---Peace having been con-
cluded with Denmark, we learn from undoubted
authority that the Crown Prince of Sweden is op'
his march towards Dusseldorf, at the head of
40,000' men. We have also received the iniport-
ant intelligence that the strong fortresS Of Dant-
zic, after having been besieged.a year all hut ten
days, at lust capitulated on the 2d instant. The
_garrison, which at first; was 30,000 strong,"but
was diminiSlied one-half by malignant revers,
the effects of the cold and miseries undured in the
flight from Russia, remain prisoners of :Ivar, and
twill he sent to Russia ; with the exception of the
Dutch, who are on their way to their own coati-
.try, and of whom two officers have already ar-.
rived here. The quantity of caution, muskets,
and all kinds of military stores, found in Dant-
zic, is astonishingly great. ,
In a former Courant, Under the head of "Paths,
JanAtte," we communicated the linpe'rial Decree,
by which the Legislative Body was dissolvzd, at
the same time Mentioning the prObable reasons,
of this dissolution. We have_ since received fur-
ther confirmations of thew, with this addition,
that the report of the Committee of the Legisla-
tive Body, with regard to the documents commu-
nicated to them on the subject of negociations,
---as-vf-surli-aLpzucific complexion, and so 'strongly
recommended the acaeptiince of the preliminaries
proposed by the Miles, that the Eiuperor, in a in-
lions rage, ordered the printed copies of the re-
port to be destroyed. This violent conduct bad
excited universal indignation; and the wish to be
at last delivered from the pinching yoke of slavery
-was become very general. - Insurrections had •11-
ready broken out in some of the northern parts of
Fiance, as welt as in Artois' and Picardy.
From Breda, we learn that a requisition had
been there made for 700 horses to draw the Eng-
lish artillery; whence it is 'concluded that the
besieging of the fortresses is..to be set about in
earnest.

DOSSELDORF,_ JAN. IS —Russian troops con-
tinue to cross the Rhine without ceasing. The
cossacks of the corps of CzernitcheiT, which cross-
ed the Rhine, have advanced to Gulik and Len-
nep. In Neuss there are a great number of Rus-
sian troops, and General Czernitcheff's head-,
,quarters are there.

Upon the entrance of the allied troops
,into Co-
.blentz,- where almost all the houses were illumi-
.nated, some hundr.eds of armed French., besides
thoe in the hospital, fell into their hands. The
Cossacks brought the Prefect of Coblentz, and
the French General Guerin into Simmeren, after
having aken from the General ,150,000 francs,
which he was carrying off to the former place.
In Andernach tile Cossacks seized the post
waggon and 80,000 francs, ',destined for the
French Imperial chest', but all the other property
they let pass.

ARNIIE IN, JAN. 19.—The passage of troops of
all arms, as well as cf artillery and ammunition,
still continues. Today.thecorps of the RussiAn
General Benkendorf crossed the Mine, while the
great force assembled at Dusseldorf crossed.the
same river between that town and Enuerik.

FittE.--This morning, between six and seven
o'clock, a fire broke out at the residence of
":11AitayAT, in Peckham ; it was occasioned- by the
- foulness of a chimney in the' coachman's -apart--
ments, which were situated over the stables and
coach-house, in the latter of,which were two ele-
gant carriages, and before the flames could be
impeded, they, with what property the coachman
,was possessed of; ,as,Well as a quantity of hay and
corn, were totally destroyed. The Wife of the
coachman, who had lain-in but a few days, most
miraculously escaped with her infant.
MIIIM"ULOUS ESCAPE.-Yesterday morning, be-
tween .two and three O'clock, the family. of Mr.
MAy-som, a Grocer, in Woolwich, were most se-
riously alarmed by the upper part of the 'house
-giving way, in consequence of e quantity of snow
supposed to have penetrated through the tiles upon
the cielin which, on dissolving, forced the ciel-
ing down, and falling, with great pres Sure into an
empty attic, roused the whole of the family; the
water still continuing to find its way further,
obliged them to leave the premises, which they had
scarcely done before the end wall gave way, when
the roof fell in with such force that the house
cattle tdraaost- level with the grctund.

PRICE 'OF STCCES
'Mrs r)A•Y AT rwsmvs o'cLocti. .
,R9lO
Cerrs.• - 6743 I Red.Arm.....671i 1 Omniurj.•

tIIGH WATER AT LONDON BIUDCE TO-MOl3-11°,i:
2.1 mi in
nutes after 7. I Eveng, 4G minutes a`t.".4

TI; SITN
- A F

QUIS DICERS FAL'i:l AUVEAT ?

LONDON',
FR I D.,117, A' 17,1 Ii I' 03;4814.
* •
Iv
Copious and impontant Extracts frOpi
pers to the 24th axe given in our prece‘.''
columps.. . The accounts they give of the 010
`I
ments of the Allies, though a good 'deal- disgo'
form a very satisfactory sequel to the latest
ligene,e received 'from our Ministery at
What Lord CATHCART and Sir CB A n.ES STE°told
arrlft*
us.the Allies were about to do, the
Journals confess the Allies have done.
informed that they Were about to' advance vP.;;
Lyonk, and we find they had reached 3'. 6
miles-of the second city in France, without
encountered, or being likely to. oneounter, 991
position to .its occupation. On the CO
.Macon, a large. and popilloustown, about 55 9itg
higher op the Spane, suffered the bridge over tile,
river (the passage of whichled to Lyons) to I)°5;
cured by a mere patrole from .the army of
1-3uama., and the unresisted advance towards lee!).
was the immediate result. Dole and St. .1)39"
yielded at once to equally insignificant partici
troops; and wherever they bave.yet proceedei!'
tl
Allies have had no reason to be convinced by tic
stern opposition of the population, that they nit
so vehemently attached to their Corsican ale'
kto(s
his friends among us represent. The infra-lti,eo
.of., Lyons (that is, we iselieve;the portion of t'itv
who have identified their 'interests wlth
Usurper) have fled in dismay, and hid thetosc'sr4
and their plunder in the mountains. AVe
also informed that the army of General 131-t7c11.,
would advance to Metz, and before Met
cording find the corps of General Yoßcs., -
moNT having " retired without, 'sulfcrin, ihbe
loss," that is, having been driven from all toil
strong positions On the Vosges Mountains
river Snare, which he so strenuously exerteall7to,
,et
self to defend. General SICKEN had also POI:
forward to Pont-a-Mousson, about 12 Miles ff°:
Nancy, on the Moselle, while General 141-.L0';"1n,90
With his corps, was on rim same
down, before Thionvine, nnd ss'if
left blockading Mentz. Thus it is evident) 't (n.t
glance, even from tine acknowledgment At to
Enemy, that -all the fine. and important Wl' :0
from the Rhine to the Moselle has subinittea
the Conquerors; almost without resistance.
On the Lower Rhine', MACDONAIjj Who If,
, charged with its defence to Nimeguen, 1.4111:: j
seated as having ".repulsed all attacks. 7 SA ".‘t
this means in French we do not know, bot ni(1;1
• assuredly, the positions of the sictorions Morsboe
are the most inconsistent with success th3t,
ever yet read or heard of. One would stfleslo.
for instance, that having repulsed rill attacks, if
had prevented the Allio from crossing thc
he was clotrged to no, such thili(L
they passed the Rhiae before his faCc.
did he beat them afterwards, and force ti'e
.11
back ? NO such tiling; he himself retreated, 11'-
to MaestrLtht on the 14th, and then to Na'9ur
on 'the 18th, surrendering, with the exceptiv3
the fortified places into which he threw garfit''')s'
all the territory between the'Rhine-andthelqedses.
viz. Gelderland, the Duchies' of Cleves, iiiin!"ll'
and Juliers, and the Electorate of Cologne--1'13:
ing the MetiSo between himself and those bc'Lf"ll'
enemies against whom the Rhine couhl riot
test him, and seeking safety among the strop
fortresses which encircle the Netherlau2s.
These Papers assert that Langres was still
French hands on the 12th, a;td,..by
and confused' statement, seem de roes of .1111v;!1'
it understood that it remained frith .them
week after. This, if our readers will examine tic

- •
manner in which the ,facts nre m 1 4entioned, t
be a part of the saute sys“- •
delusion' which si•ealis 'of the head-quiufers of E"
Allies as at baste on the 19th—thus keeping' tb's
word of promise to the ear of the French Kati( '

but brealing it to their understanding,
t'e 0
, We have also another version of the Revo
at Gene,va,, which has sorely disconcerted 1300141'
PARTE!S nerves, the cause of which was miscon '
duct on tile part of. the Magistracy and_ the "
tiro of the moment." That species of miscoc
.
duct, of which the Tyrant has of late had so true
.reason to complain, appears to.bc so general, th' t
we have great hopes he will speedily find be b'► .1
mistaken the name of the disease, Nl''hiCil
the Vertigo, but the Influenza—and of a• vcr•
cdtc,izitik,, nature too. •
The liAbt troo s ,• c 11j culynneerl of tt

i)0
i 54,

Allies apparently Overrun) witliont ),rdieet?ng np
position, Dearly one third of the mdst fertile pro=
vineeS of France all along her eastern ftontier,
and stretching far within her south-east side and
ieterior departments. 'Prince SCHWARTZENpERG
irad-sent a corps on his right in the direction:of
orth-west, which on the 19th had its advanced
P°sts before Tout'' one hundred and sixty-seven
miles from Paris. This force would communicate
with the Army of BLUCHER, and thus possess the
`vholeright bank of the Moselle, from its source to
its.conflux„with the Rhine, while the foe retiring
altogether abandon the Country to the Marne and
Aleieie without a go , struhm For, in the midst .of
this danger, where are the, forces which at' ,to re-
invasion I. OH the south AUGEREAU,
IS Itl.Dau-
Phiae, endeavouring " to rally" all'the troops, and
11141.e1l to recover Franche Cmnpte, GeneVa,
Alsace
, and part of Burgundy, already vanquished !
he
*-111 ne supported by a rising en masse of the
Nlhilation of here (one of the three departments
int') Which the Revolutionists divided Dauphine)
tvhile of the other two *ailments it is only:.
• said
tuat the Drome did not at first display mach .
at
.-metion for the cause, but is now putting itself
14
Motion, and the Higher Alps shews a good
ti/itit, and is fortifying its strong places. So
t4l. "eh for Mr. AU6EREAU'ard Dauphine, alias the
Drome, and Higher Alps'.. BY the way, we
'l'll'4 to notice, that Chalons stir Saone, about 30
tiles above Macon., did not follow the example of
the -t
,
atter, but repulsed the Allied Piceuets. By
Nssage of the river lower down, however, it
43111t1 be exposed to its fate.
,„
IL In consequeuce of general arrangements,"
e,uther French Marshals are thus disposed of .=
I al°ll-11Ett, the furthest on the right (wholately
a command under BUONAPARTE Dresden),,
Uhamont on theAtarne, having retreated from
gbrki'res, 20 miles in his way, to Paris: VICT.O,II) the
t,:rest to him, and on his left (who lately coM-
planded a corps at Zittau in Bohemia), has wisely
Ili:et' the Meuse as well as the Moselle between
an:!"" end the Allies at 'foul : he is at:VOW,
13ceupying Commercy, 1.10 miles' from
at AIARMONT (who lately commanded a corps
Ltln I
TUR
•4 au, -in Bohemia) is on the left of Vte-
tt, "vhig surrendered the .LuxembOnrgh
adversaries, and also approached to within
Lies Of Paris. MACDONALD (who lately
further
at Lowenburgh, in Silesia) is still
stated at: the left of tßturce" as we, have
scattered
thus' are Marshals and
u sand
of the Tyrant situated and ern-
", Who ooly a few wontliS back carried fire
112.(1sWord to the utterniost confines of the North.
,3! are also told of camps forming at Meaux, at
kals'urs,Chalons, Troyes, and Arcy-sur'-Aube ; of
L
"4(ired squadrons of reserve cavalry at Meaux
kelun ; of the National Guards of Normandy,
ciii'lt°a and Brittany, marching. to reinforce the
or Ps Of Meaux, Soissons, and Troyes ; and
'
co, a Park of six, hundred pieces of cannon
titr4,ect
edat
iChalon3, while BUONAPARTE, in
4,ol4centre of the web, thus drawing closely
1 himlri in the capital, appears to be re-.
ta.i:girrl'r on CAULINCOURT'S receiving the
heat pu
ots for which he was waiting at Chatillon,
sep • Uon, than on all his -armies and all his re-
'
' humbled is the once proud and arro-
uPstart.
it
ti-le'es'fro, Italy, trlolland, an Bayonne, fill
tile.ie measure of the falsehoods contained iiitii,v
to Pers, and are so groSsly overcharged that
alt`; quire no confutation. Sir T. GRAHAM was
sotdiYs getting between the. French and Antwerp,
I'4
th hey teeyCould make nu use of their superla-
qories.

t~•~
~~
~'~~~
.. 4
,:

OC
du/
th

0,l

• 0

y: .

01' I

7er 0
tic
llt

c'
. f
Tr;

r, r,
•
,eirt :val.,' of Truce we noticed yesterday,
,was a
‘Yith of
exchanged pri4oners.
t
eti C`i Papers to tin 25th have reached town.
,
re b►'ousht by a scbuyt which arrived at
kat i• ult Wednesday, • and in came the
1, (Ns of
ZS'
tare,
of
I. AiSO r 1,%:11,0 is said to be "tae
(4113z-ttehes.-to our Government.
; _

talefltit
ti of the Jan. 28 :—All the Mails
.114 therninc, hare arrived 'except the following
a-t(t 'Bristol, Birmingham, Cambridge,
kt i• Edinburgh, Glasgow, Non\•• , New mat-
•••,,ti due
I.l.l'.ewsbury, Holyhead, and Tauaton.
''''nlll Falmouth, of the 24th and 25th inst.
.
`irt,-T'DaW telies have, it. is said, been received fro
t
a~ln
ELLESLEN; i
, our Ambassador in Spain, n
ittttLt;" there is a statement of the
circumstances
(1111 g ECToNAPARTE:S negociation with. FER,
AN") Vil•
11/4:ttY exertion is now making to reinfqrce Lord
lel'ttil,;ti.ll?lnx-, preparatory to a grand develope-
-14 nis forces in the South
of France, in the
~
iti„l)g
tio sprinin g.E All, ()Akers belonging to his
d leave•of ab,ave
L.,t4'ed orders tno gljoanin,on althdugh notsence
many days
11.0,iipsed since their return from the Peninsula.
of Yeex transacted military busine-ss.
,
11,1,es Pitmce REGENT yesterday, at Canton-
•

c'.~~ ~
