MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

DEAL, JUNE E.--Came down, from the Riser
and sailed the Minerva, Probyn, and Royal George, Minnlda,
for Calcutta; Thisbe, Reddie, for Jamaica ; and Eclipse, Rent*
for Bilboa. Arrived and sailed for the River the 3linerv,4
Dale, for Virginia. Sailed the Dutch frigate nage Haul,
Hart, fot Gibraltar.

lIALr-rAsT Six P.M.—The Royal George, for Calcutta,

remains.

POWTSMOLTTiii PLYMOUTIt, ANI) FALMOUVII---.No

rivals or sailing&

MAIIOGANY.-The difficulty of procuring 11111.
hogany, and other costly woods, and the consequent exarbi- •
tant prices demanded foi the ordinary articles of family con-
venience, has occasioned the art of the chemist to be applied
to a subject peculiarly calculated to promote - domestic
embellishment at a trifling exPenser It has been contrived
to render any species of wood, of a close grain, so nearly
to resemble mahogany in the texture, density, "and polish,
that the most accurate judges are , incapable .of distin
guishing between this happy imitation, and the 'native pro;-
duce. The first operation, as now practised in France, is to
plane the surface, so as to render it perfectly smooth; the wood
is then to be rubbed with a solution ofnitrous acid, which prepares
It for the materials subsequently to be applied:' Afterwards, - .
one ounce and a half of dragon's blood, dissolved in 'Opt of •
spirits of wine, and one-third of that quantity of carironate
soda, are to be mixed together and filtered, and the liquid .irt:l
this thin state is to be rubbed, or rather, laid, on the wood
with a soft brush. This process is repeated with little alteration,
and, in a short interval afterwards, the wood pOssesses the ex-
ternal appearance we have described. When this application
has been properly made, the sorface will resemble an artificial
mirror ; but if the polish becomes less brilliant, by the toe of
a little cold-drawn 'unwed oil, the wood will be restored to its
former brilliancy.

AN UNLUCKY DOG.—lnformation having beeti
received of the intention of an honest man to run his bail, by
taking a trip to Van Diemen's Land, in the Belinda, which
sailed from this port on Wednesday last, chase was given to a
boat supposed to be bearing the culprit to the ship. Upon reach•
ing her, the pursuers were disappointed of their man; when ( being
at some distance on their return) up pops a little dog, to salute
them with a parting " bow wow." well-known phh was
instantly recognized by one of the party, the chace was resumed,
boat-boarded, and, wrapped in a sail in her stern, was found the
prize, armed with a brace of loaded pistols. While the police
were conveying him to the " clink," the Belinda sailed, taking
all his moveablea.—(Exace Paper.)
About nine o'clock, on Tuesday- evening, as
the Captain of one of the steamboats at the Broomielaw,
gow, was going ashore with his daughter, a fine girl about
three years and a halt old, in his arms, he was obliged to go
across one of the luggage steam boats, that was lying between
his own vessel and the quay, but in stepping on the rail, which
was in a very shattered state, it unfortunately gave way
to the One side, when he and his child were precipitated into the
river, and, had it not been for the great exertions of Mr. For,
rest, of the Marquis of Bute steam boat, he would undoubtedly
have been drowned. We are sorry, however, to add, that be.
fora the child coedit be got out, life was extinct.—( Edinburgh
Conran!, June 14.

MAIMING r Int.—Early on the morning of
Thursday last the inhabitants of the town of Bedford were •
awoke from their peaceful slumbers by the terrifying cry or
•' Fire." The strews, which a few minutes previous were
wrapt in the silence of night, soon I carne the scene of hurry
and consternation. Upon repairing to Castle Lane, the house .
and premises of Mr. John Green, carpenter, were discovered
to be in flames. The engines belonging to the parishes of St.
Paul, St. Mary, and St. Peter, were soon in atteettlance,
and being stationed in various directions round the house,
were worked with great judgment and effect upon all
parts of the flaming buildings. However, the fire had acquired
so much violence as to render iq necessary to resort to the tire_
hooks, by the means of which a considerable part of the•
building was brought to the ground with a tremendous crash.
In about two hours, the devouring element began to abate
and by. six o'clock nothing► was to be seen but the smolt.
ing rums of the edifice. The distressing event is supposed
to have been occasioned by the boiling:► over of some
pitch on the preceding even►ng, which, it is conjectured,
set fire to the wood in the chimney, but which was
not discoverable until its breaking out in the night.
We are happy to state that no lives were lost, although
the family were not aware of their dangerous situation until
apprised of it by their neighbours. The property was insure►i
to a certain amount, but not to the extent of the damage sus..
tamed.

Yesterday evening, as some boys were bath-
ing at Mi!thank, the tide being very high, one •
them, a boy of eight years old, ventured beyond
his depth, and not being able to swim, he wa
unfortunately drowned. lie had gone with some
school-fellows, who witnessed the accident with-
out being able to afford him assistance. The
body was found, and every means to restore ani-
mation proved useless, as the vital spark had lied.
13n UM T. IT Y.—About two o'clock yesterday
afternoon a boy, about twelve years of age, in
running across the street at the corner of Wilder-
ness-row and Goswell•street, laid hold of the
iron chain at the tail of a timber-curt that was
passing at the time ; for this vet.) trifling offence,
if offence it was, the savage driver gave him two
or three cuts with his whip across the shoulders;
an►l not content with that, he turned the butt-
end of the whip and knocked him down, when a
hackney coach which was passing ran over him,
and one of the wheels going over his right arm,
splintered both the bones to pieces, and, after
meeting with this accident, the monster struck
him
.again. A gentleman who witnessed the
transaction, took his number, and gave informa-
tion ut Matto►►-garden.

DARING HIGHWAY Roe ntay.—On Saturday
evening a gentleman named Bullock, returniag
towards London, from Wokingham, in a single
horse chaise, was stopped by three ruffians,
armed with bindgeonb, one of *slims held the
horse's head whilst the other two ransacked his
pockets, using the most dreadful imprecations.
The villains took from him 91. his watch, and
some patterns of jewellery, and then led the horse
on to the forest, cut the traces, and turned him
loose, when they made olt —The ruffians are
supposed to belong to gangs who live in huts
and pits about the forest.

•
Caution to Parent: letting their Children jig
their Kites in the Street.—As Mr. Job Cox way
passing the end of a street in Oxford-street, a
boy was flying a kite, and 4 gentleman having
left his horse and gigot the door of a 110444 WIN le
he went in, the kite fell upon the horse, whielk
immediately took fright, knocked down Mr.
Cox, and the horse falling on him, overturned
the gig, and he was taken up in a senseless sole
but we are happy to add he had no limbs
broken.

SiNatiLAR OccuuntAtcc.—Mr. Tilom4B WAt—
TON, printer, of Reticar, has two tame sem<gulls,
the one he has bad ld nod the other 14 years
in his possession, which he always took for male
birds, when the eldest of them, last week, Made
a nest, and bin actually laid two eggs. 1 eggs
are of the colour of a plover's egt but consider-
ably larger. What makes it more singular is 4
that the birds never showed any symptoms of
breeding before during the whole time ha has had
thou in his possession,

,

riONSON JO (JR NI S

• • • DA.UX
Ha:leads. from. the-igi-ning Papers, June 17 .

`IIIOIININO CHRONICLE.]
Letters from Madrid state, that the 250,000 men
Avbo,Wire,Co.leave Mattrid Tor Sevillvi dwindled
dovhfiV r 5,000, and that at the moment of their,
depar.turo.they reteived counter-orders. Part of
them took the direction of Radajos, and the rest
that of Valentin. At Madrid the emigration
continued, and the Duke d'Angouleme !rad
re-organized the,tild Guards. 'rile Coyns Christi
day was"ivlt bra ted With great military pomp, hut
ft w inhabitants made their appetit'ance.

The plot bet. Tins to thicken apace, The Holy
Alliance have marked out another State for their
vengeance—the little kingdom of Wurtemberg.
The Minisfers of the three Powers at Stugard
have been ordered home ; the French having no
MinSster there, could not of course exhibit their
displeasure in the same way. Something of this
kind has been !milted forever since it was known
that his Majesty of -Wurtemberg was dissa-
tisfied uitlk the dictatorship of Europe claimed
by the Great Powers. The German Diet
have been, instigated at. the same time to sup-,
press n Journal published in his dominions. Ile
Holy Alliance are in the right to annihilate evcry
vestige pi liberty around them. it is obviou-ly
impossible that liberty and slavery can exist
in harmony together, and having themselvs de-
termined that their own subjects shall be slaves,
they art only consistently when they declare
that no other, people shall be free. The King
of Wuttemberg seems to. be a well-meaning
honest man, who contents himself with the part
which the Constitution of his Kingdom has as
signed to him ; but his example only serves to
make the subjects of States, of which the Sove-
reigns act on a different system, dissatisfied with
their condition. The determination, on the part
of the latter, to force him to be in unison with
themselves, was therefore to be expected.--
Mr. Peel acknowledged that Austria was en-

titled to prevent. the People of -Naples
from becoming more free than the People
of Lombardy, and the same great Statesman
will,. we irave no doubt, .be ready • to apply
the same. rule to Wurtetn be r:;.-- This interference'
thn part of the Itoly Alliance will no doubt
prodnee.m-great- sensation in Wurtemberg and

tiv adjoining, countries. The people who speak
the A lionantikli dialect of the German, i. e. the

Swabians' (of whom the Wartembergers are a
-,PPlltai tilt! isy, and Alsatians,nro distinguished
Aft/ft-heir derision and energy of character, and
we do not therefore conceive that it will be an

easy tnatter to reconcile the NVurtembergers to
aoy encroachment on their independence,—
' (ibid.)

LMO vING
The intelligence from Catalonia is highly into-
resting and important. t 1 hilst Moncey admits
that " waitioq for the reinforcements which
his Excellency Lilo Minister at Ivor had an-
pounced to be on the way" before he can resume
the offensive, Al nut is, or has been, positively ma-
' ;namvting in France. The " entrance of his ad-
, vance guard at Rourg-Madame" formed part,
we finch, of ildt telegraphic dispatch so difficult
to be deciphered, and probably contributed not
n, little tro ,the sudden darkening of the
French Itiinisters' vision.— An official Report
addressed to Marshal Moncel, and, signed by
rite Officer (Ceuta Wham), wjto observed Mina's
Movements in France, without venturing to attack
l4iait,.having been since received it wars iMPossible
any longer to conceal the fact that, the _proud
invaders ,had become themselves the invaded.—
Hence the invisible end„of the telegraphic dis-
,,patch was some how or other traced out and
recoveriA bours after t position of the Tele-
graph ntngt.have ceased to display it, and both
were laid at once before the public. it appears
from Count dlson'., intelligent Report, that
Mina occonpied• several French villages,_ !bat
of Palau in pftrticulur, where lie remained
two days; that. his troops maintained a strict
ctiscipline ; that he did not raise any con-
tributions, nltltongh it bad been expected,
and that when she retired from those posi-
Opus, he remained on the extreme frontier, some-
tbues in France and sometimes in Spain, as he
found it convenient, or as the objects which he
might have in view required. it is also clear that
there wus no force in that quarter able to pre-
vent him from moving where, when, and how he
pleased., lie was followed at a distance when
ho chose to leave a place, but nothing was.done
to drive him out of it. A few days will now re-
veal whether this hold and enterprizing move..
men was connected with any plan or promise of
co-operation in France. Should the second
Army of Reserve not promptly assemble, Spain
tuay perhaps not long remain the only .seat or

[Monts! :to n vn 1.0:1
'li`l'o Vari, 11 pe rti of S...tturday contain tin fur-
ther news of tnhe attempt at. counter-reeolotion in
Portugal.,, nor is there in them any thing into-
resting relative to 1110 operations in Spaio. Prow
now uratterechparagraph., in they form of private'
letter* from Madrid, it would appear that Unit.
city is far flan I,ranquilp llioties are dttael;ed,
and blond flows utmost daily in the street', not-
withstanding every attempt of the Fretteti to
prevent it. , It is not popular atlimo,itiea alone,
however, that cause diNtraction. Madrid is re-
preFetited as being ar„.in the focus' of party in
trigue. The G randees, t yen those who signed, or
iv-ho are "et dotVli a, ha i the Address
io the French Prince, are divided against each
other—one part, the majority, being in favour of a
pure despoticta, the remainder demand a
Constitution of two Chambers. Meetings, of the
latter are hi secretly, in concert, it is stated,
with Martinez di la Rosa, whose guilty participa-
tion in the affair of the memorable 7th of July is
tia long•er doubted. It is stated that A bisbal
StlCCeedi,d in obtaininff an llUtlience of the I.)ulie
,ir A ngonletne, upon :limn he affected, as a man
of authority, to imp ess the expediency Of merely
Modifying. the Constitution. The Duke, how-
ever, stopt hint short, by saying he should treat

that subject with king Ferdinand. Abisbal's
treason, as far as public appearances go, seems to
havEtt been as unprofitable as disgraceful.
Whether from his sense, of the treatment
he received from the Duke of Angouleme,
or because he did not think himself safe at
Madrid, he left that city in disguise, and
was arrested on his route to France.—
The accounts from Madrid come down to
the 7th. A series of a Madrid Journal,
called the, aazette, of that date, under the
auspices of the Regency, has been received. It
contains little else, than the State Papers of this
new Government. But these are not wholly
without interest;. every act of Government
which they rromulgate tends toishow that it is
designed to resuscitate the Monarchy in the old
form. The political institutions suppressed by
the Constitution are industriously revived—even
some, for the exercise of whose functions there is
no present occasion. The principle declared
seems to he, that no coMprotnise must be made
with the Revolution. These Papers state
that King Ferdinand and the Cortes were

_still at Seville, on the 3d ; but their " private
letters" are little to be relied on. The fact even
n•mild not be °crouch importance, as there would
still be more than ample time for removal to Cadiz.
before the corps dispatched from Madrid could
arrive. Some Journals, both of Paris and Lon-
dinr, treat' this war as approaching to its close.—
The French Government, however, does hot
seem to think sot regiments are sent into Spain
witlrgreat expedition ; trains of besieging artil-
lery--the use of which appears not to have been
contemplatea in the beginning of the war, have
also been sent off; and it is stated that General
Vallin, who commanded the advanced guard of
the Duke of Angouleme's first corps, passed
through Bayonne, on a special mission to Paris.

LTIIE TIMES.]
The news from the Peninsula is of a mixed
character : that from Spain certainly appears
more favourable to the cause which every upright
man has at heart than any which it has been our
lot tofinnounce recently. Moncey's position, as
as announced by, the Malheur, evince an inca-
pacity to effect an important object till be shall

have received reinforcements. But this is not
all : the account which he gives of Mina is truly
interesting. It reminds one of Swift's. account
of the celebrated Lord Peterborough in the same
country, who was incessantly appearing, to the
great discomposure (If his enemies, where and when
he was least ex pected,like, one rising from the dead.
Moncey is dully occupying himself with the re-
connoissance of Barcelona, when he is suddenly
awakened into life and hustle by the news of
Mina's re-appearance's in his rear, in the Cer-
dagne. 44 Eroles and St. Priest," quoth 11Ioncey,
" must be on his, traces." It. might have been as
well if the Commander-in-Chief had been there
too t---We learn from very good authority, that
the Duke d'Angouleme painfully expresses his
surprise, that up to the present time he has not
had the slightest proposition of peace made to him :
so that, if we may use such an antithesis, he ad-
vanee's without succeeding. Ile is disposed to
enter into partial negociations with any Chiefs
or Commanders that may be near him. To
these the fate of A bisbal offers no very tempting
lure ittthe way of exatnple. The reports respect-
ing this worthy are various. Some assert that, hav-
ing been sent off to France as a place ofsecurity by
the Duke d'Angouleme, with what his Highness
thought proper precautions, be had notwithstand-
ing been arrested on the toad, and shot by order
of the French Regency ! There appear to us to
be some irreconrileable inconsistencies in this
story ; .Yet we may gather front them the assurance
that 1,4 'subject of the report itself is suffering
the ti,ual lot of traitors—receiving no great at-
teution from those whom he has served, and
hated as he deserves by those whom he has bp-
trayed.—The rumours of anti-revolutionary move-
ments in Portugal acquire greater strength ; hot
in these, also, there are some inconsistencies. We
' 'refer'dur readers for particulars to the accounts
from Chat country, which, however, all come
through a French medium.

• iViOntej'i phrase iit, " l'Apparition de Mina." Swift,
speaking,afTeterboroi!gb,.says—
So wontlertul.ins expedition
" " When you have not the least suspicion,
'4' lie's with you like an apparition."

•
IRRITISII PRESS.]
The Strongest hopes are entertained that the
Spite Melds Bill just passed by the Lower House
will be, rejected by the House of Lords. The
Chancellor himself last night presented a petition
from the journeymen; most numerously signed,
against the measure. The Noble Lord said he
was au imperfect judge of the differences existing
between the journeymen and the masters, but he
knew that a large body of loyal subjects,who had
on all 'occasions conducted themselves as the peti-
tioriesxhad done, well deserved that their claims
sitoold receive the fullest possible consideration
from that House. The petition prayed to be heard
by Counsel against the Bill. Lord I pool be-
stowed, the strongest praise on the conduct of
the pe,titiOners, not only during the painful pro
gress to thefp of the present Bill, but during a
long series of years. They had often, the Mi-
,nisterAo, suffered great privations frotn want of
emptoyment, and even of food, yet had always
been loyal, peaceable, and well-conducted. The
Noble Enrl moved t 1 commitment of thr Bill on
Wednesday, which, as well as that the petitioners
should be beard 'by Counsel against its further
progrest, sca agreed to. Lord Ellenborough
also presented two strong petitions against this
hilt ; the first from 179 master silk-weavers in
Spitalfiellis.,, and the second from the church-
arden.rind 10,500 of inhabitonts the Pat i•di
Nrattbew, Bethttal-Gt( en, both deprecating
the pAssifig this Act by the 114 mm,, and the lane:
stating the great increase of poor-rates it would
cause the 'Parish. Lord Ellen borough stated his
dissent strongly, from the Bill, and /rave great
praise to the petkeable conduct of the weavers,
The general feeling of the House appeared nio,o
favourable to the Petitioners, and the Bill, so H
.
Pa-
pally passed through the Lower ouse, hkel3
to be lost in the Tipper. In truth, this post-ha,te
compulsory sort of legislation for a numerous,
most industrious, and deserving order of men, is

scarce worthy of an enlightened :and impartial
Legislature. The principles of the Bill we have
no objection to, but they should be accompanied
by many other repeals and alterations. The
weavers themselves are tolerable judges of what
enactments must injure or serve their body ; they
are deeply interested in the result, and they are
entitled to the fullest and the calmest discussion
and deliberation at the hands of the Legislature,
before any new medsure is passed so obnoxious to
them as the present.
