be able to acquire further knowlethze by the experiment.
It was, in his opinion, quite clear that the West Indians
could not hope for relief from any thing hut a reduction
of the quantity of sugar brought to market; and he slid
not think that the reduction of the duty would produce
any material effect in that way, while it must be accom-
panied by a material diminution of revenue. With respect
to the refining of sugar by the West Indians themselves,
he had no objection; but when an offer of that kind was
made to them, they replied, the construction of machi.
nery for that purpose, after so long a prohibition, would
be so expeHsive, that they could not hope to receive any
relief from a permission to refine. The Noble Lord con-
cluded by observing, that he agreed with the Hon. Mem-
ber for Middlesex in his expressions of abhorrence of the
continuance of the slave trade by Foreign Powers ; but,
he trusted, that the negociations which were now going
on would terminate in the entire destruction of a traffic so
disgraceful to humanity.
Mr. BURGE contended that the measure now proposed
would be a boon to the foreign alive trader, and that Go-
vernment were guilty of the gross inconsistency of prcu.
fessing to desire the termination of slavery, and yet at the
same time encouraging, by every means in their power,
the productions of the colonies where the slave trade was
carried on to the manifest injury of their own colonies,
where it was wholly prohibited. He challenged the Go-
vernment, or any Member of that House, to point out a
single instance of the violation of the orders of the Legi-
slature by the West Indies since the passing of the Act
which prohibited the continuance of the slave trade ; and
yet, at the present moment, and for many years past, the
slave trade had been carried on to an extent greater than
ever by France and all the countries which professed to
have abandoned it. The West Indians had, it was said,
received a great favour by the repeal of the Non• intercourse
Act between the West India islands and America. But
what was the real state of the case ? It was an illustra-

tion of the course pursued by the Government of this
country towards the colonies. They first passed Non-in-
tercourse Laws, which proved most ruinous ; and then,
when they discovered their error, they admitted the inter-
course to take place. Trade bad, however, in the
mean time, passed into new channels, and those whom
they intended to restore to their former situation were
unable to avail themselves of the advantages pre-
sented to them. After observing on the extraor-
dinary course pursued by his Majesty's Government
in forwarding the interests of foreign colonies while they
neglected their own, or remembered them merely to
burthen them with imposts which they were no longer
able to hear, and which they would not continue to bear,
the Hon. Member adverted to the opinion expressed by
the Noble Lord (Althorp), with respect to the re auction
of duty on sugar, and remarked o❑ the strange anomaly
which such a state of things would present in commercial
affairs. In the article of coffee it was well known that a
reduction of the duty had the effect of doubling the con-
sumption and introducing it into every hovel in the em-
pire. On what principle then could it be contended that
the same result would not attend the reduction of the duty
on sugar? He would recommend his Hon. Friend to
•withdraw his amendment, for the purpose of substituting
one which he (Mr. Burge) would in that case move,
namely, that the Foreign Sugar Refining Act be referred
to the consideration of a Select Committee, for the purpose
of inquiring how far it could he renewed with a due regard
to the interests of our West India colonies. .

Mr. K. DOUGLAS said his object was to bring the
matter under consideration ; be would, however, willingly
withdraw his motion, and give way to that of the Hon.
and Learned Member. _ . .

Mr. BURGE then put his amendment for the Select
Committee. . .

Mr. P. THOMSON said, his object had been altogether
misunderstood. He had not gone into any statement of
what Government intended to propose, reserving that
until the House went into the Committee. He was
surprised, therefore, the Hon. Member should have mis-
taken what he had said. The most exaggerated state-
ments had gone forth on the subject ; and Members had
been requested to come down to the House to prevent the
utter ruin of the West India interest. The measure
which was now proposed had been introduced year after
year, by three successive Governments, and passed almost
sub silentio. He was, therefore, not a little astonished
at the sudden outcry which had been raised against the
measure on the present occasion. He denied that the
measure would prove beneficial to the foreign slave colonies,
The object which Ministers had in view was to afford
British refiners an opportunity of refining foreign sugar
with a view to its exportation afterwards. The principle
of this proposal was that of making this country the work-
shop of the world, where the raw produce of other countries
might be manufactured by British skill, and afterwards sold
in the different markets of Europe. The only question was,
whether the details of the measure were calculated to reduce
the price of West India produce in the market. It was
proposed that foreign sugar should be underwritten on its
importation 3s less than its usual value, instead of 2s.
less, as at present. This, therefore, gave the advantage
of an additional shilling to the West India interest. If
our ports should be shut against the importation of foreign
anat., the article would be refined abroad, and afterwards
come into competition with West India sugar. Another
circumstance should be taken into consideration. A very
large capital was invested in the sugar refinery business.
It was the duty of Government to protect the interests of
those persons who were engaged in that business, if it
could be done without injury to the West India interests.
He would now state a few facts which would prove that
the apprehension of injury to the West India interests from
the proposed measure was unfounded. In 1828, after
the first Bill passed, the quantity of foreign sugar refined
in this country was only 4,000 cwt. In 1829, when the
Act was in full operation, the quantity of foreign sugar
refined here was 9,072 cwt. The same year the total
quantity of sugar the produce of British colonies re-
fined in this country was 8,000 cwt., and the quantity of
British colonial sugar consumed here was 4,013,000 cwt.
In 1830 the total quantity of foreign sugar refilled in this
country was 42,000 cwt., whilst the consumption of sugar
the produce of British colonies in this country was
4,604,000 cwt., and the quantity of British colonial sugar
refined and exported was 1,032 000 cwt. He thought he
had stated enough to show that there was no ground for the
alarm which had been expressed on this subject. With
respect to the proposed measure, the advantage was all on
our side, the sugar would be refined by British labour in-
stead of foreign labour.
Colonel TORRENS thought that Ministers had not
made out their case that this Bill would not inflict an in-
jury on the West Indian interest; but he could not help
thinking that in fairness to the parties concerned, the Act
ought now to be continued.
Mr. STEWART objected to the Bill, because in his
opinion it tended to encourage the foreign slave trade. He
thought that the subject was a very proper one for the in-
vestigation of a Committee of Inquiry.—(Herr.)
Mr. F. BUXTON said, that if it could he shown that
the foreign sugar, which, under the operation of this Bill,
was introduced into this country for the purpose of being
refined, was also consumed here, he should be disposed to
oppose the Bill. But be believed that the foreign sugar
was net consumed in this country, but exported to other
countries for sale. He thought that the Bill would tend
to diminish the demand for staves, because, under its opera-
tion, raw sugar, instead of being refined by the labour of
slaves in the colonies, would undergo that process, with
the assistance of free labour, in this country.—(Hoar.)
Mr. THOMSON thought it impolitic to allow foreign
sugar to be refined in this country, becauss that permission
gave the fore gn planter all the advantage of Bt itish capital
and ingenuity. He thought the question ought to be investi-
gated, for the state of the West Indian interest had grown
worse and worse since the Act had been passed.—(Hear.)
Mr. C. FERGUSSON was inclined to think that
material injury would be inflicted on the West India in-
terest by this Bill, and he should therefore vote for the
aniendrsent.—(Hear.) Sugar could be refined in this
e'tintry better and cheaper than any where else; and if
the House allowed the foreigner to refine Lis sugar here,
they gave hiss the opportunity of competition in the market
with the West Indian planters.—(Hear.)
Mr. CRESSET PELitAM and another Hon. MEMBER
spoke in favour of the amendment.
An Hor4. MEMBER said that the understanding was,
when the Act was introduced, that it would continue in
oneration ; he should therefore vote for the original motion.
The gallery was then cleared, and the House divided--
For the amendment 73
Against it ............. .. :
Majority for Ministers —4
On returning to the gallery, we found
Mr. ROBINSON on his legs, urging Ministers not to
proceed with the Bill in opposition to so strong a mino-
rity.—(Hear, hear,)
Lord ALTHORP said that no satisfactory inquiry could
be gone into at the present period of the session ; tend he
should have considered that the measure had been lost if
the amendment had been carried.
The SsEaKEis then left the chair, and the House re-
solved into a Committee.
Mr. P. THOMSON moved as a revolution, " That
it was the opinion of the Committee that it was expedient
further to continue an Act of the first year of hie present
Majesty, to allow sugar to be imported into this country to
be refined."
Mr. HUME said that Ministers bad neglected their
duty la not having instituted an inquiry into this subject
