WEST INDIA DOCK COMPANY.

THE couaT of DIRECTOIO of the
WEST INDIA DOCK COMPANY do hereby give No-
tice, that a, KAU YEARLY GENERAL COURT will be
held, pursuant to the directions of the Act of Parliament, at
the West India Dock House, No. 8, Billiter-square, un
TUESDAY, the 6th day of January next, at One o'Cl"rk in
the Afternoon, at Which Meeting a Dividend will be de-
clared for the fialf•year ending the 31st instant.
By Order of the Court,
H. LONGLANDS, Sec.
West India Dock House, Dec, 16, 1843.
The Chair will be tal.eir At Two o'Clock precisely..

ENV LONDON BRIDGE.- GUILD-
HALL, LONDON, tgli Dec. 1823.—Whereas by an
Act of Parliament made and passed in the fourth year of the
reign of his present Majesty, entitled" An Actfor the Rebuild-
iiig of London Bridge,and for Improving and Making sal ta-
e
froac ies thereto," the ;Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons
the'ity of
.horlised, etn London, in Common Council assembled, are au-
Powered, and directed, Without delay, to Erect and
fstii (1, or cause to be Erected and Built, a New Bridge across
the River Thames in manner therein particOlarli
anti the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are thereby
authorised and empowered to appoint one or more Com-
mittee or Committees to carry the said Act into execution
And whereas it is in and by the Said Act, amongst other things,
"acted, that previous to the making of any Contract for the
performance of any of the Works to be performed by virtue or
!?,‘ pursuance of the said Act, Notice shall be given in some of
the Daily Newspapers that such Committee intend to make
such Contract, and that all Persons willing to engage therein
may make Proposals to the said Committee at 'a certain time
place in every such Notice to be specified .—Now, there-
tore, the Connnittee appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen,
and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council
assembled, to carry the said Act into execution, do hereby,
pursuant to the said Act, give Notice, that they intend to make
a Contract for building sue ti Bridge ; and that all Persons will-
ing to engage therein may make Proposals to the said Corn-
rittee, who will MEET at Guildhall on TUESDAY the 27th
"lay of.Tanuary next, at One o'Clock in the Afternoon precisely,
to receive the same.
, Further information may be obtained at my Office any day
ISurninys excepted), between the hours of Ten and Three.
li. WOODTHORPE, Jun.
Clerk of the said Coininitte.

134, iss KRUMPHOLTZ begs to inform her
'Glp Friends that she continues to give LESSONS on the
Itorl: and that she still resides at No. 24, EDGWARE_

AMILTONIAN SYSTEM.—A NINTH
PUBLIC. LECTURE, explanatory of this mode of
EACHING the LANGUAGES, will be delivered at the
"'awn and Anchor TaVern, in the Strand, on Friday Evening
next, the 2d of January, at half past 7 o'clock precisely. Tickets
admitting a Lady and Gentleman, or parent and cliil 1, to be
had at the bar ; or of Mr. Hamilton, 25, Cecil-street, Strand ;
at 2s.
A French Class of Gentlemen, adults only, beginners, will
assemble in Cecil-street, on Monday, the sth of January, at
a o'clock, in the evening. A grammatical knowledge of 10,0(10
words is guaranteed to every member in 10 easy and pleasing
lessons ; subscription 21. 10s.
Different Classes in French, Latin, and German are now in'
progress. Those who are partially acquainted with these lan.
guages may be admitted into those which suit their previous
acquarement. . .
Week, Spanish, and Italian Classes, for adults, will assemble
as soon as tour persons shall entered their names for either
`Kthese-tingnages. .
, boys' Classes are now being organized. for all the above
Languages; they
:have already commenced, but will remain'
4)Pett till further notice. The hours are from 10 to 12 in the
Morning, and front 2t04 in the afternoon, every day. The
lesson
lasts two, hours, or double the usual time. Twelve'
'enoni, instead of ten, will be given to a section. The aub-
scription is one-half that of adults, or 11. 55., payable iu ad-
vance. Each class, however small, has a separate room and
teacher. Docility is 'all that is required; no' taslc is set, no
order is given ; the pupil is taught eve!), instant he remains in
the class, and his study, instead of being an object of disgust
Md abhorrence, as it most justly is on the plan of ordering to
learn, is. invariably delightful, the progress infallible.
Since Mr. Hamilton's arrival in England he has not ceased to
Invite the attention of society at large 'td the merits of this
-system. Every day increases the number of witnesses to apro-
gress without any example on the usual modes of communicat-
ing knowledge. Every day renders; he facility greater of ascer-
taining the truth of Mr. Hamiltons pretensions. If he has
imposed by false or exaggerated statements, he deserves a place'
;31edlam Eridevell ; if lie deceives lihnself, he should, be 3011 t to
; but, if his statements be "correct—if he 'speak only
hl, discovery
words of truth and soberness," whatever become of him,
hi
is a public benefit, and ought to be diffused as
widely as vaccination. Scholastic slavery is an evil more fatal
a
ever
the interests of the human family than the small-pox has
• been; it is more cruel in its nature, and more mischievous
In its effects
drew B ' than that of the Blacks, and calls louder for re..
of. ,wcut the father whose sleep is interrupted by the groans
atioa n andt India slave, is insensible to the ten years' dewed.:
enunici
the.fricusion of the former,
t.orture of hia child while meetings are called for the
Hamilton invites to his Lecture
of the hitherto friendless white boy.

In Three Volume,, Post ar
This Day was published,
lls.gd. boards,
W
BAINTRONAN'S WELL. By the AU-
THOR of" IVAVERLEY," &C.
A merry place, 'tis said, in days of yore;
But something ails it now—the place is cursed.
WO LISWORT li•
printed for Archibald Constable •and Cu., Edinburgh ;
ltlh Rubinson, and Co., 90, Cheapside, and 8, Pall
A °Minn.
Of whom 'may be bad, by the same Author,
DENTINiI DURWARD, 3 rots., post aro., Second Etli-
'h, price 11. I Is. 6d, boards.
