LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 23, 1833.

No. 12,699.)

THE LATE DUEL AT EXETER.

We stated last week that messengers had been
despatched to Plymouth to prevent the departure
of S;r J. Jeffcott, but they had arrived after the
ship which was to take him out to Sierra Leone
had sailed. We understand, however, that a me-
morial has been addressed to the Colonial Secre-
tary, and it has been reported that a fact-sailing
cutter has been despatched after the Britomart.
At half-past seven o'clock on Saturday evening the
Coroner for the city issued a summons for the as-
sembling of a jury to hold an inquest, and a jury of
most respectable men met the same evening, and,
having proceeded to view the body, they were di,-
missed until nine o'clock this day (Monday), for
the purpose, in the mean time, of the body under-
going a post mortem examination.
Mr. Barnes continued to attend Dr. Hennis con-
stantly, until a few minutes of his death, which took
place on Saturday evening shortly before five o'clock.
Dr. Hennis was perfectly sensible that it was a mor-
tal wound, and was heard to express that opinion on
the Friday morning. He received the sacrament
on Saturday, the day after he received the wound,
and again the day before his death; and the Rev.
Mr. Clack, the father of the young lady to whom
Dr. Hennis was very shortly to be married, admi-
nistered it. He was at times clouded, but gene-
rally collected, clear, and firm, till within a few
hours of his death, with occasional wanderings,
from his fever and the effect of medicine. He
asked Mr. Barnes's opinion of his state at eleven
o'clock on Friday morning, saying, " Will it soon
prove fatal ?" When Mr. Barnes answered to this
anxious inquiry, " I fear you are not so well," Dr.
Hennis then said, " I know it must soon be over."
He then paused, and added, " I could not help it,
I tried—l have no one to blame—protect all if you
can, especially the married—may I see my brother ?
I shall soon be out of this scene, before the Gover-
nor of us all." About half an hour after he again
spoke to Mr. Barnes. He took Mr. Barnes by the
hand and said, " Thank you for all your kindness ;
poor Halstead could not but go out with me—he is
the son of a widow—he would not have gone with
any other person—it was to serve me, but he was
compelled to do so by two other gentlemen." He
was then about to receive the sacrament.

The jury re-assembled on Monday morning,when
the Coroner, before any evidence was adduced,
took the opportunity of forbidding any publication
of the proceedings, at least, at the present time.
At eleven this day (Tuesday) the verdict was
not returned.

Wishing to do away a false impression which ap-
pears to exist in the mind of the public with refe-
rence to the flint stone found in the body of Dr.
Hennis, we must state the fact that, when the
parties were on the ground, they tossed up for a
choice of pistols. They were then loaded by the
respective seconds, Dr. Hennis's friend having
loaded that used by Sir J. W. Jetrcott, and Sir J.
W. Jeffcott's friend the one for Dr. Hennis. This
fact does away the possibility of attaching any
blame to S:r J. W. or his friends, as far as this
transaction goes. We would likewise add that Dr.
Hennis did not fire; which intention, we under-
stand, was expressed to his second, Captain Hal-
stead, on their way to the place of meeting.—
Western Luminary.

(FROM A CORRESPONDENT.)
EXETER, MAY 21, 8 O'CLOCK, P.M.—The inquest
upon the body of the late Dr. Hennis has just ter-
minated. After having retired two hours, the jury
returned a verdict to the following effect :—" That
Peter Hennis, Esq., M.D., came by his death from
a pistol-ball, fired by Sir John Jeffeott, of Haldon,
in the county of Devon, on the 10Th of May; and
that Captain George Halsted, Charles Milford, and
Robert Holland, were there aiding and abetting the
said Sir John Jeffcott ; and further, that Sir John
Jeffeott, Captain George Halsted, Charles Milford,
and Robert Holland, are severally guilty of wilful
murder. The jurors, considering that Capt. George
Halsted did every thing in his power to prevent the
duel, regret that they feel themselves compelled by
the law to return tins verdict against him." Dr.
Hennis's funeral will take place on Thursday morn-
ing, at St. Sidwell's church.

His Majesty's ship Romney, from Plymouth
and Cork, with troops, arrived at Barbadoes on the Bth
ult. His Majesty's ship Revenge, which had also taken
troops there from Gibraltar, was to sail for England on
the 10th ult. The latter vessel arrived at Plymouth on
Monday.

THE CALYPSO PACKET.—The following is
an extract of a private letter from Halifax, Nova Scotia,
dated the 30th of April last :—" It is asserted that the
pilot who took out the Calypso from hence advised Mr.
PEYTON to lay-to at night, as there were many ice
oergs just a-head of him, but that he ridiculed the
notion, and declared his intention to make all the
sail he could. Two, I think, or, perhaps, three days
after he sailed, guns were distinctly heard from this place,
and a fisherman who came in stated that he bad seen an
English bark, evidently in distress, surrounded by ice, and
firing guns for assistance; that the sea ran so high be
could not get near ber, but that she looked like a packet.
This I certainly heard on the fourth day after the Calypso
had sailed ; but it was supposed at the time to be a
packet from England, but found to be the contrary. It
is now concluded to have been the Calypso."
DOVER, MAY 19.—Sailed yesterday his Ma-
jesty's packet Firefly, with the mail, and many passengers,
amongst whom were Prince Czartoryski and suite, Sir
C. W. Anstruther, Mrs. Quick, F. de St. Paye, &c. &c.
for Calais. Arrived yesterday his Majesty's packet, Fer-
ret, with the Chevalier Pinto Seures, Dr. Pleader, Mr.
Stewart, Mr. Shewill, and other passengers, from Calais.
Also his Majesty's packet Spitfire, from Ostend, with the
mail, despatches, and between twenty and thirty passengers,
amongst whom were Mr. Lusada, Mr. R. M. Hanley,
Mr. Ferguson, Mr. W. F. Holton, Mr. Vaostratam, and
Captain Rodney Mundy, with despatches, &c. &c. A
messenger, with despatches from Spain, came across in an
open boat, called the St. Jack, from Calais. To-day
arrived his Majesty s packet Firefly, with the carriage of
Mr. Grant and family, Mons. Perin, Dr. Edwards, Mrs.
Mariee, &c., from Calais. Also the Royal George steam
vessel, from Boulogne, with Brook Richmond, Esq., Mr.
Ince, Mona. Dusak, Mr. Wham, Mr. Tate, Mr. Batt,
&c. The Britannia steam vessel, and the Dart sailing
vessel, came into the roads this morning, from Ostend,
with about 300 troops for the army of Don Pedro; after
receiving on hoard the officers who have been here for some
time waiting the arrival of the troops, the Wellington and
Britannia steam vessels proceeded down the Channel with
them for Falmouth.

ACCELERATION OF THE LONDON MAIL.
—Tne Duke of RICHMOND, Postmaster-General, to whom
a memorial on this subject was recently forwarded, has
summoned the mail contractors to meet him, on Wednes-
day next, in London, for the purpose of ascertaining their
opinion as to accelerating the arrival of the mail at Liver-
pool. As the proprietors of the coach are known to be
anxious that it should arrive in time for passengers for
Dublin to proceed by the post-office steam-packets, we may
expect shortly to have the London newspapers, delivered
by half past four and the letters by five ()clock in the
afternoon.—Liverpool Albion this day.
THE BANKING INTEREST.—We have al-
ready noticed various branches of commerce that are deeply
involved in the prosperity of the West India colonies, but
we bay e not before referred to the banking interest, which
will suffer severely in the present crisis of colonial affairs.
Many of the London bankers hold securities upon West
India property to an immense amount. As prudent men
of business they have advanced such sums upon estates in
the islands as they thought them to be worth, calculating
upon every probable contingency. But should the Go-
vernment plan of negro emancipation produce the conse-
quences which every man acquainted with the West Indies
expects from it, the estates in question will not be worth
the parchment that the mortgages are engrossed upon.—
Morning Paper.

BRAZIL PAPERS.

Rio DE JANEIRO, FEB. 21.—Despatches from Per-
nambuco give accounts of various successes obtained over
the rebels, who, in a proclamation, dated Dee. 12, an-
nounced that their august Emperor, Don Pedro 1., was nt
Rio de Janeiro. This deep itch, re'ating the success ob
tained against them comes to Dec. 25.
FEB. 22.—The Diario contains in this and the follow-
ing numbers a decree of the Regency for the organization
of the Courts of Justice, and the mode of proceeding.
The Decree consists of ninety-six articles.
FFB. 23.—Official accounts from Villa de Compos
announce that immense damage has been done there by an
extraordinary rise of the river Par ihiba, which had
inundated all the neighbouring plantations, swept away
the crops and the buildings, and destroyed at least a fourth
part of the town. Subscriptions are opened for the relief
of ihe sufferers, whose situation is distressing in the ex•
treme. The Government has taken measures to afford
them assistance.

FEB. 27.—A Portaria from the Minister of Finance
to the Treasurer, orders him to pay into the hands of
Samuel Phillips and Co., the sum of 50,000 milrees, to
be transmitted to London, through the medium of their
house in that city, on account of the payment of the
Brazilian loans in April next, including therein the
amount of the Custom-house bills (Escriptos cr Ay'an-
dega) existing in the general coffers, with discount at
5-Bths per cent. per month.

A notice from the Minister of Marine announces the cap-
ture, at Ilha Grande, of the Lebre schooner, which was
proved, by the papers found on board, to have brought a
cargo of slaves from the coast of Africa.
MARCH B.—The Regency has decreed that the sentence
of condemnation passed on the brig Peruano, captured by
the Maria habe/ corvette, Captain John Posese Grenfeli,
shall be declared null and void ; the brig, with the cargo,
&,!., to be restored to the owners; but the captors not to
he answerable for the loss or injury, or for the costs of the
proceedings.
Another decree revokes the condemnation of the Eng-
lish brig Rob Roy, taken at Pernambuco by the Maceyo
corvette, of the Imperial Navy. The brig, with its cargo,
&c., or the value of the same, to be paid to the owners or
their agents, with the amount of all the loss and injury
caused by the captors.

An official note from the Minister of the Interior an-
nounces, that the province of Ceara is tranquil since the
rebel Pinto Madeira was taken, that the rebels in Pernam-
buco had been beaten and driven from that province, and
that the few that remained, and had fled to Alajoa's,
would probably be soon extinguished. Lastly, that a'l
those rebels, though they proclaim Don Pedro 1., ate in
fact highway robbers, and ferocious assassins.
MARCH decree signed by the Emperor, sanc-
tions the resolution of the Legislative Assembly, which
authorizes the Government to incur all the expenses ne-
cessary for extending the use of vaccination throughout
the empire.
A despatch from the Minister of Finance to the Presi-
dent of Maranham, informs him that it has been decided,
conformably to the opinion of the Board of Finance of
that province, that ships are not to pay the anchorage
duty for the time they are under quarantine.
MARCH 22.—An official account, given by the phy-
sicians employed by the Government, describes an epi-
demic now raging in the parish of Trajo, which the doc-
tor declares to have originated in measmata from the
marshy grounds, which he characterizes as a malignant
intermittent fever, vulgarly called Illacaca, with some
points of resemblance to the oriental plague and to the
Gibraltar fever, observed by Louiz and Trousseau ; these
points are, on the one band, the suppuration of the paro-
tid and inguinal glands, on the other, the change of colour
peculiar to the patients.
MARCH 26.—The ninth anniversary of the solemnity
of taking the oath to the Constitution of the Empire of
Brazil was celebrated yesterday, with all the demonstra-
tions of joy suitable to the occasion.—Diario do Governo,
to March 26 inclusive.

IRISH CHURCH.—By an account recently
presented to the House of Commons, and printed by its
authority, it appears that the number of benefices in Ire-
land of above '2,000/. a.year value is eleven, one of them
being of the annual value of 2,8001. ; of above 1,000/.
and under 2,000/. value the number is 91 ; of 7501. to
1,0001. there are 96; of 5001. to 7501., there are 250;
of 250/. to 5001. there are 425 livings; and all the re-
maining livings in Ireland, to the number of 583, are
below the annual value of 2501., many of them being very
considerably below that amount. This account, it should
be observed, is drawn from the income of the Church at
a period anterior to the comtnencement of passive resistance.
SUICIDE OF A WEST INDIA MERCHANT.—
Yesterday an inquest was held at Sambrook House,
Bssinghall-street, on the body of CHARLES BROOK, Esq.,
a West India merchant, residing at Ditton, aged 71.
About half-past eight o'clock, a report of a pistol was heard
in the deceased's bed-room ; and, on the butler bursting
open the door, he found him on the bed, with his head
completely shattered, and a pistol on the floor.—On his
table were found two papers in his writing, to the fallow-
ing effect : "My grAndenother's watch for Fanny. Mercy,
mercy ! Wilde's horrible details are insupportable !"—The
Jury were informed, that the latter words had reference to
a suit in Chancery, in which the deceased became entitled
to only one-third of some valuable estates, instead of one-
half, as he bad anticipated. Mr. WILDE was his soli.
ciror. The deceased was affected with a determination of
blood to the head. Verdict—Temporary Derangement.
SUDDEN DEATH.—Yesterday an inquest was
held at the Grapes, in Bow-street, Covent-garden, on the
body of Mr. ELLoms, a teacher of music and languages.
A policeman of the F division, named Cooriza, said he
was i❑ the gallery of Drury-lane Theatre, on Monday
night, about half-past 11, when he saw the deceased stag-
gering along the upper row of seats, as if intoxicated. He
next saw him fall, and witne's found he was unwell. He
then asked some young men to assist him in carrying the
poor man out, as he was dying. The reply was, " Take
him out yourself; do you think we've nothing to do but
to help you to carry dead men out ?" When the deceased
was got out into the air lite was extinct. Mr. SMITH said,
the deceased had died of apoplexy.—Verdict "Apoplexy."

. .
The influenza, with which the metropolis has
been so severely visited, is still very prevalent in most
of the towns in the south and western parts of the king-
dom ; and though it has not proved so fatal in the country
as in London, it leaves a lassitude which totally unfits
people for a time from resuming their ordinary pursuits.
A few days since a considerable portion of
the embankment of the Regent's Canal, which forms the
gardens of the villas on South Bank, Regent's Park, gave
way and fell into the water, carrying with it trees, plan-
tations, summer-houses, palings, &c. ; fortunately no
persons were on the spot at the time, or the most lamen-
table consequences would in all probability have ensued.
This occurrence took place in the night time, and was
unaccompanied by any noise. The surprise of the inha-
bitants may be imagined, when, on getting up on the
following morning, they discovered that one-half of their
gardens had disappeared, as if by magic ; the ground in
the immediate neighbourhood hereabout is very insecure,
having been formed of the earth thrown up at the time of
digging the canal, which, in this particular part, was cut
very deep to obtain the level ; and the sinking of walls and
other buildings hereabouts is not of unfrequent occurrence.
POLICE INTELLIGENCE.-DUELIN.
HENRY-STREET.—BREACH OF PROMISE or MARRIAGE.
—A respectably-attired female, of youthful and extremely
prepossessing appearance, applied for the assistance of the
magistrates. She stated that afire had been seduced under
promise of marriage, and her betrayer had refused to fulfil
his promise, and he was now in the office. Sir WILLIAM
STAGIER (as we understood) intimated that the magistrates
could afford no relief. The lady appeared much dissatis-
fied; and, perceiving the gay Lothario making his escape
from the board-room, she immediately pursued him.
" Love's blind, they say," and upon no other principle
can we account why the fal: one should have been led
astray by the diminutive nod unfavoured suitor, against
whom she at present co:nplained. She seized him in the
hall of the police-office, betore he had effected his escape,
and displiyed a most unfeminine vigour of arm in drag-
ging him into the peace officer's room, where she kept him
fur a considerable time in " durance vile." No way dis-
heartened by the failure of his first essay, the faithless swain
made another effort to escape, and, darting through the
door, ran down Henry-street, pursued by the lady, who
quickly succeeded in captivating his person as she had
before his erratic affections. He quietly submitted to his
fate, and was carried off in triumph by his successful pur-
suer.—Dublin Paper.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MAY 22.

On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his seat on the
Woolsack at five o'clock, _ _ _

Lord CAVENDISH, Mr. PENDARVES, and other Gentle-
men of the House of Commons, brought up the Bodmin
Road Bill, the Derby Road Bill, the Cheltenham and
Gloucester Road Bill, and other Private Bills, which
were read a first time.
Lord CAsvuoa and the Earl of MEATH presented peti-
tions from Dublin, and other places, for the abolition of
slavery, and the better observance of the Sabbath.
Lord FIFE presented a petition against slavery.
The annual accounts of the Margate pier and harbour
were laid upon the table.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented peti-
tions for the better observance of the Sabbath from places
in Sotnersetshire.
The Earl of GOSFORD presented petitions for the
abolition of sl 'very, from Northfield and Southfield, in
the county of Devon.
The Report of the Committee upon the Personal Estates
Bill was broneht up, and the House adjourned till to-
morrow at half. past three o'clock,

HOUSE OF COM}IONS, Afar 22.
There being a ballot for a Committee to try the merits
of the election fur Montgomery, the gallery was not opened
until a quarter before five o'cbick ; at which time we
found nearly 200 Members in the House.
GRAVESEND PIER BILL.

Mr. RIDER presented a petition in favour of the Graves-
end Pier Bill from some place i❑ Kent.
Mr. HODGES presented it similar petition, and then
moved the third reading of the Bill.
On the motion being put,
Sir E. CODRINGTON said he had a petition to pre-
sent against the Bill, and he intended to oppose the third
reading of the Bill, for reasons which he would state as
briefly as possible. If the Bill were carried into effect, he
felt thoroughly convinced that it would create a serious
impediment to the navigation of the river Thames. It
was intended th it the pier should project a distance of 105
feet into the river; and the proposers of the plan declared,
that as it would be erected on piles, it could not affect the
navigation of the river by causing any alluvial deposits ;
but he (Sir Edward Codrington) was convinced that,
however slender their piles might he, they would occasion
a collection of alluvial deposits on ebb tides, and prevent
any reaction, so as to remove the impediment by the flood
tides. Higher up the liver a projection of only 2b feet
had been objected to, and very justly, for it had caused an
eddy, which occasioned a deposit of so much soil that it
required an expenditure of upwards of 120,0001. to re-
move it. Tne party who hid erected that pro-
jection was prosecuted, and, he believed, had been cast;
but from some cause or other the nuisance bad been per-
mitted to remain; and he understood that the place had
been purchased for 45,0001. to insure its entire removal.
Besides creating a shoal, the projection of the pier so far
into the river would materially impede the working of
vessels ; and this was a more serious injury than might be
at first supposed, for it w.nt into a depth of twenty-seven
feet water, a draught exceeding that of by far the greater
number of vessels coming up the river even in a laden state.
In fact it would he, to a certain extent, a prevention to ves-
sels passing up and down, excepting with a fair wind.
If this projection were permitted, others would grow up
on both sides of the river, until it would become neces-
sary at last to have an Act for opening the navigation of
the Thames.—(Hear, hear.) The Hon. Member then
described an injury which had occurred to one of his Ma-
jesty's vessels in the river Medway, from a shoal occasioned
there by a similar projection to the one proposed ; and
alluded to the existence of some such obstructions in the
harbour of Portsmouth, all of which Government
was at this moment either prosecuting purchasing.
With all the advantages of the Breakwater at Plymouth
it had thrown up a shoal which, however, was not of any
serious consequence, owing to the water there being so deep,
but in Portsmouth harbour there was a projection, which
had been productive of much injury. He was sure
that any one who went to look at the effects of all
projections on the River, would find that very extensive
shoals had been formed, and great injury had consequently
arisen. Owing to the projection (which the Hon. and
Gallant Officer cited) he knew it had cost the Government
175,0001. to clear away the accumulations. If the
river Thames were to be kept navigable up to London, he
thought that it would be necessary to clear away all pro-
jections that now existed. He did not think it necessary
to go at any length into the claims of a I irge body of
persons—the boatmen of Gravesend, but he must say. that
if this Bill passed they would be driven out of employ-
ment, and would thereby have a stronger claim to pensions,
of which they had been hitherto deprived, although most
of them had served their country for a long period.
Mr. HUAIE denied that the solid dam, erected at
Woolwich, was at all to be compared with the projec-
tio❑ proposed by the present Bill. The Hon. and Gallant
officer had argued, that as the former had occasioned a
great accumulation of alluvial matter, which proved inju-
rious to the river, the same eff ct would be produced by
the proposed pier at Gravesend. Now, it so happened
that the proposed pier would be perfectly open, so as to
admit a free rush of the tide, and therefore no accumula-
tion could be produced. Besides, the injury which was
so dreaded was nothing in comparison with the many
advantages which the public would derive from the
erection of the proposed pier. The Admiralty, the
City of London (the Conservatives of the River Thames)
had approved of the pier, and as to the interests of the
class of persons advocated by the Hon. and Gallant
Member, he (Mr. Hume) could say that they were
protected by the Bill as much as was con,istent with the
general interests of the public
Sir E. TROUBRIDGE opposed the Bill. Sir James
Cockburn had stated teat the effect of such a projection
would be extremely injurious to the navigation of the
river—indeed, that all projections on a river were in-
jurious, as creating an accumulation of matter, and con-
sequent narrowing of the river. Sir B. Martin and Sir
J. Bereslord were of the same opinion, and the
latter, in a letter, stated that two engineers had
told him that the projection " would be ruinous
to the navigation of that part of the river.''
It was true the pier was to be open, but it was to have
24 pillars, which were to be sunk into the chalk. An
eddy would be created by the pier, which would
infallibly create an alluvial deposit. No doubt it
would be a pleasant thing to land on a pier, and
the pier was very pretty to look at, but these were not
cunsiderations to induce them to ruin the navigation of the
Thames.

Mr. GEORGE FREDERICK YOUNG said that
he had a great interest in the navigation of the
river, from being so deeply concerned in shipping,
but he felt bound to say that be had come
to a conclusion quite different front that of the Gallant
Officer who had just sat down.—(Hear, hear, bear.)
The wharf which bad hen complained of at Wool-
wich, was not only i solid masonry, but was placed
in an eddy of the river, where it would be sure to
occasion the accumulation of mud. Now, that at
Gravesend was not only to be open, but was placed
in a situation where the tide ran with great rapi-
dity. Upwards of 100,000 persons were in the habit of
annually visiting Gravesend front the metropolis, and it
was too much to say that they should be obliged to land
in boats in all weathers, when they might be provided
with such safe accommodation.—(Hear.)
Mr. HODGES made some observations, which were
inaudible in the Gallery.
Admiral FLEMING said, as a seaman, he had no
doubt that the intended pier would materially injure the
navigation of the river, and he should therefore give it his
decided opposition.
The House then divided, when there appeared—
For the third reading 6B
Against it
Majority in favour of the third reading —4l
The Bill was then read a third time and passed.
MONTGOMERY ELECTION.

-
Mr. DYSON appeared at the bar with the names of
the Members who had been bailotted for to try the merits
of the election. The following are the names :—J. E.
Tennant, Esq., Lord James Henry Fitzroy, Thomas
Hudson, Esq,,
R. M. Biodulph, Esq., Lord A. Chichester, Sir
Major Macnamara, Lord Lincoln, Major
E. F. Wilmington, the Hon. Colonel F. Howard, and
another Hon. Member.

A person brought up the annual returns of the Treasurer
of Margate Pier.
DOVER ELECTION.
Lord CLIVE brought up the report of the select Com-
mittee, appointed to try the merits of the petition pre-
sented against the return for this borough, which stated,

( PRICE 7D.)

that Mr. John Halcomhe had been duly elected, and
the petition and the opposition to it were not friyolot:
and vexatious.

Lord EASTNOR brought up the Repsrt of the Com-
mittee appointed to inquire into the merits of the ahoy,
election, which stated that Major Nanney was not duly
elected, and that Sir C. Paget ought to have been returned.
The Clerk of the Crown was ordered to attend to-
morrow to amend the return.
Mr. ROEBUCK postponed the motion of which he bad
given notice relative to the Coldbath fields meeting till a
day which did not reach us in the gallery.
Mr. J. OSWALD presented three petitions from the
Magistrates, the commissioners of the police, and the Po.
litieal Union of Glasgow, against the Scotch Burgh Re
form Bill. Also a petition from Dunbarton against
slavery.
Mr. H. CURTEIS presented several petitions from
places in the county of Sussex, to the same effect ; for the
total repeal of the malt duty ; and against the present
tithe system.
Capt. JONES moved for the appointment of a Select
Committee to inquire into the operation of the Acts o.
Parliament, relating to the bridge over the Pule at Drrry.
and into the application of the tonnage dues levied
by the Corporation of Derry, and by the Ballast Office
Committee under those Acts, and to report; whether any
and what alterations are necessary thereon.—Committer
appointed.
Mr. TOOKE said be rose with the intention of mak-
ing the motion of which he bad given notice, relative to the
making of certain amendments in the Reform Bill passed
in the last session, for England and Wales. It was
nut his intention to abide entirely by the forms of
the motion of which he had given notice, but to
confine himself to such amendments of that Act of the
2d William IV., as would tend to carry its provisions
more fully into effect. Previous to his having given no-
tice of this motion, he had had an interview with the
Noble Lord (the Chancellor of the Exchequer), in which
he had made a tender of his services for the purpose
of promoting the better working of the Bill. But
they considered any consideration of the subject
in the present session would be premature, and suggested
to him whether it would not tie better to defer its consi-
deration to the next session. But he (Mr. Tooke) could
not male this concession agree with his ❑otions of duty.
It was not at all his intention to propose any thing
that could be considered an infringement on the prin-
ciple of the Bill. Nor did he mean to detract at
all from the credit of those Hon. Members of his Ma
jesty's Government, who had introduced measures
with the principle of which all must be contented.
He would very shortly state the few practical alteration,
the Committee would have to consider. If there was not
sufficient time within which to pass aßill for the amendment
of the Reform Bill during the present session, still the
Committee might be appointed, and the evidence they
might collect, and the report they might make, might be
of most essential service to the revising barristers
at the next election. The Hon. Member then adverted
in particular to the 231, 26th, 27th, and 40th sections
of the Act, as containing ambiguities, and calculated to
raise difficulties which it was highly desirable to have
remedied, and concluded by moving for the appointment
of a Select Committee to inquire what alterations were
required to be made in the Reform Act, with a view to
lessen the expenses and difficulties of registration.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL objected to the motion, and
trusted that the House would not adopt it. The Govern
meat had entered into a consideration of the doub,s ssio
to arise upon the face of the Reform Bill, and after care-
fully considering those doubtful points, and the difficulties
stated to be thrown in the way of easy and cheap regis-
tration, they had come to the opinion that no alteration
of that measure ought to be introduced in the present
session. They thought it better to give men who Imo
been taken by surprise betore, the opportunity of register-
ing their votes now, and they believed that many of the
objections which at first sight appeared so formidable,
would he found, upon trial, not to be so serious as was
imagined. He wished the Hi,u•e to wait till the end o,
the next session of Parliament, and see whether many of
the objections now conjured up would not be found to be
of no value or weight whatever.

An Hort. IllEsinen believed that the objections were
more numerous and important than the Noble Lord same.
to imagine. Among the rest, he believed it would be
found that, by the strict construction of the clause as it
now stood, the borough voter would have to pay Is. an-
nually for the registration of his vote, while the more opu-
lent county voter would only have to pay Is. for the firs•
registration ; and his name being once upon the list, be
would always be entitled to his vote while he continued to
hold the same property.
Mr. WARBURTON said that there were many points
on which different Committees had given contradictory de-
cisions ; and these points, he thought, ought to be settle.'
before there was any dissolution of Parliament. If they
were not he should like to know how the registering bar-
risters, in July next, were to decide these disputed points,
when they could only refer to contradictory authorities ?
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL ot.j.-cted to the motion.
and observed, that this was neither the proper time, nor
was it the proper manner, of introducing the proposed
amendments. He admitted that there were some points
on which Committees had given contradictory decisions,
but he really feared that it would be an endless attempt to
reconcile all their various opinions. There was, lie be-
lieved, no probability of an early dissolution of Parlia
ment ; on the contrary, he thought such an event quite
improbable, and therefore the House need not be in any
anxiety on that point. If a Committee were appointed,
he believed that each individual Member would have his
own special fancy on the subject ; and that from all these
different opinions the matter was likely to be rendered
worse than before, and the confusion now said to prevail
to he increased.

Mr. O'CONNELL said there could be no doubt there
were many defects in the wording of the Act. Ministers
were afraid to consent to any amendment in the Commit-
tee; for if they did, a whole week was sure to be waited
by their opponents in taunts upon them, for not having
produced a perfect measure. The consequence was, that
many incongruities remained in the Bill which ought to be
altered. The Hon. and Learned Solicitor-General ad-
mitted the fact of the evil, and yet wished to postpone the
cure—a piece of advice that seemed to be quite unintel-
ligible. There were many contradictory decisions among
the registering barristers and among the Committees, and
it was advisable tbat these points of difference should be
at once settled.

Colonel EVANS was also against the postponement,
and thought that a Committee ought to be appointed before
the period of registration returned. If the Committee
were to be refused, he hoped that Ministers were digesting
some plan for the amendment and perfecting of the exist-
ing law.
Mr. G. ROBINSON was disposed to leave the matter
in the bands of Ministers, under the assurance that the
best mode of reconciling the discrepancies between the
decisions of revising barristers and of election committees
was under consideration.—(Hear.)
Mr. WARBURTON proposed, as an amendment of
the original motion, that a Select Committee be appointed
to inquire especially into the contradictory opinions of re-
vising barristers and the discordant decisions of election
committees.

Mr. JERVIS adverted to the practical defects in the
working of the Reform Act, as regarded the duties of the
revising barristers, and contended that some method should
be adopted to ascertain how the measure had operated in
different parts of the country.
Mr. HALIBURTON was understood to oppose the
original motion.
Mr. WASON referred to several conflicting decisions
by election committees, which rendered it necessary that
some general system should be established before the re-
vising barristers were again called upon to act. In his
opinion, the moment a defect was discovered, a remedy
ought to be applied to it.
and that the recommendation of a Select Committee could
result ir.inSt.hißs IcCasEe farorginuedthe that p
onno inconvenience
e mceoduyli;l
not increase the certainty of that law, the uncertainty of
which was now matter of complaint. The present Go-
vernment, as the originators of the Reform Act, were
pledged to introduce every practical remedy for established
defects; and he apprehended that next session would be
.ufliciently early for the purpose.
Mr. HUME observed, that the Select Committee wa•
not to be appointed to decide any question of law, but
merely to ascertain a matter cf fact, which matter of fact
would be material in governing the conduct of the re-
vising barristers when they should next be called upon
to act.
An Horr. Alimzeß said, that if be thought the amend-

"e7.1/2/7
talent of the Hon. Member far BrPport wisuliLl; •
.14
ffect of impeding, his Maj-sty'cMiriNters in-at Or
.4tsr
inure perfect the machinery of the:Rrrn
oppose it ; but feeling that it would/mit have thatelfeet,
he should certainly give it his support pilte.t.berKie re-
commended that the original motion lie'veiiiidiastii). Ile
was sincerely anxious that the great measure of reform
should be rendered as perfect as possible, though it was
everywhere admitted to be wonderfully correct.
Mr. B. CARTER did not object to any real improve-
,nents that might he made in the Reform Bill, provided
sufficient time were allowed to elapse fur the purpose of
ascertaining that the changes proposed were improve-
ments. In his opinion sufficient time had not elapsed to
show whether the Bill had worked well or ill ; but after
some experience they would be better pr• pared to legislate
—they would be able to judge whether or not the alleged
'efects were so or otherwise. He admitted that some in-
,onvenience might arise from contradictory decisions, dut
is far as he could learn, the contradictory decisions were
confined to the Irish Bill ; that, however, formed no ob-
jection to the general measure, and he therefore recom-
mended that the House should avoid anything like pre-
cipitate legislation.
Mr. C. W. WYNN said that the Reform Bill, so far
19 it affected the limitation of the duratian of elections,
had worked admirably, and had given universal eatisfac-
t'on: but not so with that part of it which related to re-
zistration ; at the same time, he thought it would be the
most expedient course for the House not to legislate at
present, for there was no measure which they could intro-
duce then which could be pissed, and sent down time
enough for the lists of the present year. Another reason
n favour of delay was, that they ought not to come to any
tecision till the business of the Election Committees were
over. He did not make these observations with any view
of impeding necessary or expedient alteratiorv, but for the
sake of guarding against any unnecessary or mischievous
,hanges being introduced. It frequently happened before
tae revising barristers, that fraudulent voters were objected
to—that those objections were substqu-ntly abandoned,
(rid those electors were allowed to vote, notwithstanding
that they had been objected to before the revising barrister.
He thought that the Solicitor-General ought to bring in a
Bill to render it practicable for voters to change their resi-
id !ices without forfeiting their franchises ; also to deter-
mine how far the revising barrister should enter into the
merits of votes which had been withdrawn ; and likewise
o place that House in the situation in which it stood be-
fore, and in which it ought constitutionally to stand—that
,f ultimate Judge of every question concerning el ctions.
It bad been asked, would they not give credit to overseers
for having something like common sense and understand-
ing? From his experience as a magistrate, lie must be
allowed to say, that he was acquainted with no clefts of
men who more frequently mistook than they did the in-
structions given them.
Mr. HALCOMI3, as a revising barrister, was of opinion
that a declaratory Act ought to be introduced this session,
for the purposes mentioned by the last speaker.
Mr. O'CONNELL said there could be no objection to
the Committee, so far as Ireland was concerned ; for the
Ally part of the English Bill that had given universal
s ttisfaction was not to be found in the Irish. If they
got the Committee to-night, he would underake to say
hat the report would be made before the end of the ad-
journment. It was especially necessary that something
should be done in reference Si Ireland, for toere was a
toubt there respecting the 101. and 201 qualification.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL—If the Hon. and
Learned Member tor Dublin thought the matter could be
so easily disposed of, he had better bring in a Bill for the
purpose. Nothing could be more objectionable than hasty
legislation, and he therefore thought that the quickest
way of putting an end to the matter would be by bringing
it to the test oda Bill. In his opinion, the best way of
meeting the present motion would be to read the Bill a
~.,serid time, and then give it a full examination in Com-
mittees

Mr. JERVIS, when he appealed to his conscience
and experience, confessed that he wm• often obliged to
keep voters on the lists longer than was proper, on ac-
•ount of the difficulty of ascertaining whether their n Imes
night to be struck out or not. He considered that it
would be enough to institute an inquiry in order to have
.vidence before them, and every report of the Committee
should be returned to that House, in order that they might
,e guided by it.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE would put it to the House whe-
ther, if a Committee were now appointed, the House
could legislate en its reports that session? and if tie
Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Wynn) produced a Bill on
the three points he mentioned, he would find mi• ' in
I mbour on these points in the Committee than ht
ted,
He thought the House would do unwisely if it.
amending of the Imw out of the hands of Ministt the
knew hest how to deal with it. • 110
Lord D. STUART preferred the original motion to the
amendment.
Mr. LLOYD contended that the present was the best
rime for collecting facts, in order that the defects of the
law might be corrected as soon as possible.
Mr. WYNN explained.
Mr. PEASE said that every gentleman connected wit!'
counties must mite that already sufficient information had
transpired to give churchwardens a complete notion of
fail extent of their duty.
Mr. C. GRANT would be willing to cede the appoint-
ment of this Committee, if any sufficient arguments had
been adduced for its formation. All this Committee
would have to do would be to collect facts, and since all
the arguments were founded on the uncertainty of the law
me it now stood, how could those facts correct that uncer-
tainty? He thought that at that time it was not neces-
sary to go into that Committee. The duty of the Ilouse
should be, to be as anxious about amending the law as they
had been originally in framing it.
Heand had
Mr. TOOKE should have no objection to leave the
matter to tlie Government, if their violation of their
enteredo!etlges hadtat notHo
uimiepaiinrevdi
rhtiusecoonf fitdbeence Reform Bill,inthem
he
had entered it with more coal isimstic expectations than
his youth justitied.—(Laught..A) Those expectations
were disappointed, consequently he must persist in his
motion.

Mr. SANDFORD wished to know whether it was the
intention of Government to take into consideration the
measure next session ? He thought that it would be
better to leave the measure in the hands of those who bad
so successfully conducted the original Act last session.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said that certain altera-
tions in the Reform Bill had already attracted the atten-
tion of Government. As those alterations would be for
the public benefit, Government were resolved to bring
forward, next session, a measure embodying the necessary
alterations, which measure, be hoped, would give gener.il
satisfaction.
Mr. WALLACE contended that the Act was liable to
many misconstructions and ambiguities, and he saw no
reason, nor did he think any other gentleman could see
any, for postponing a naeasure that should certainly be
immediately adopted. There was another question con-
nected with the subject which had not been settled, and
which he considered ought to be set at rest, namely, whe-
ther the decision of the revising barrister should or should
not be final. The Hon. Member concluded by saying that
he would vote for the motion.
Mr. C. BULLER would beg of tke Hon. Mover to
divide the House on the question, and not leave the sub-
feet to the discretion of the Government—first, because
his Majesty's Ministers might not, perhaps, be always in
office, and the motion should, therefore, not be postponed;
secondly, because his Majesty's Ministers had quite enough
to do already ; thirdly, because his Majesty's Ministers
did not do everything so well that he thought the House
ought to confide more to them than was absolutely neces-
sary ; and, fourthly, because the motion was one which
aught to emanate from the House generally, and not from
the Ministers.
Mr. ELLICE bad not expected such animadversions
on the Government from the lion. Member who had just
sat down, especially as in general the Hon. Member placed
confidence in the measures of Government. He thought
that they might be freed,from such remarks, if they had had
no other merit than that of having made so great and suc-
cessful an experiment as the Reform Bill was admitted on
di hands to be. If the subject of the Hon. Member's
,notion were as simple as had been stated by the Hon.
Gentleman who spoke on the other side, he sow no occs-
sion for the appointment of a Committee. He (Mr. Ellice)
lid not, however, consider it of little importance. He
would only ask the House to give the Government a little
-ime to consider the multiplicity of business in which they
were already engaged. He Loped that the House would
tot force them to the immediate appointment of ,a Coen-
nittee to inquire into a subject which the G.,;.errirnent
were pledged to take into their eons.derationas speeotly as
dontible. He had no doubt that if a Comnsvitee were ap-
dointed, it would be expected that. some ..renitier of the
the member of t he would eg
with the con_
.ideation of the momentous questions to coins shortly
iefore the House, or on the C,o. mmi',.tees &ready appointeo
thejio Governmenty
Houseer n n ntto
wwobaossuelardvi:h;.„tilayiarn:Liteimmiebutecirhmoe:,,,?u,;;_le.),:y:
,tai then sitting, that it was impo.sible for them to avend
0 this subject at present. He repeater, however, that all

tl,t was wished for, was a little delay till such time as the
es..nt pressure of business would be disposed of.

The Hong', then divided—
For the motion GS
Against it
Majority
SOAP DUTIES.

On the report oftb;CorrTMittatTOn the Soap Duties
Bill being brought up,
Sir R. VYVYAN begged to ask the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman opposite whether any drawback of the duties on
soap was to be allowed under the new Bill to the soap ma-
nufacturers ?
Mr. SPRING RICE said the matter had been the
subject of consideration at the Treasury, and he thought
the question of the drawbacks had been 2djusted in a
manner satisfactory to all parties. The arrangement was,
that the amount of drawback should be to the new dutie-
in exact proportion to the amount allowed under the old
scale of dutits, and he believed that the whole arrange
meet had given entire satisfaction to the soap manufac-
turers.

Mr. LALOR complained that, by the Bill, Ireland had
not been put on the same footing with England.
Mr. S. RICE said it would not in every instance he
advantageous to either country if they \vete set on exactiy
the same footing.
Mr. HAWES said the soap manufac•ure a were in gt-
nen! well satisfied with the arrangement male.
The report was then received.
ASSESSED TAXES.

Mr. BERNAL brought up the report on the Assessed
Taxes Act.

Sir R.VYVYAN complained that by this Act publican 4
were not put on die satne footing with shopkeepers.

Mr. S. RICE could assure the Hon. Baronet tho Go-
vernment was inclined to take the case of the publicans and
victuallers into not only serious but favourable considera
tion.—(Hear, hear.) He thought, however, it would
be better to defer saying more on the subject till they came
to consider the Bill itself.
JEWISH EMANCIPATION.

On the order of the day being moved for the second
reading of the Jewish Disahilities Removal Bill,
The LORD ADVOCATE begged leave to present a
petition in favour of this m, asure, signed most numerous'y
and respectably by various students and others of the city
of Edinburgh.
An HON. MEMBER, presented a similar petition from
Canterbury.
Sir R. INGLIS should oppos,? this Bill as one pregnant
with the most disastrous consequences, popular as it might
he. This was a most important question, for it was a
question whether we were to be a Christian people or not;
whether that Supreme Legislative Assembly were to con-
sist of men professing one faith, or was to be made up of

a set of men who blasphemed the sacred name of Christ,
and who reviled all Christians as blaspheming idolaters?
The House might then soon become a medley of men of
all faiths, and of none—of Jews, Turks, and Heathens.
Before he proceeded, he must take occasion to complain of
the absence of his Majesty's Ministers on this occasion; it
was not the first important discussion from which they had
absented themselves. Great stress had been laid upon the
alleged kind treatment of Jews at Hlrriburg and in Prussia.
Now, he could tell the House, upon good authority, that
there was nothing of the sort, and he would refer the
House to the report of a Committee made in 1816, where-

in it was officially stated that at Hamburg no persons, but
those who professed the Lutheran faith, were eligible to
hold civil offices ; and as to the position of Jews in Pius.
. .

sia, he had made it his business to institute inquiries on
this point, and had received communications, from cor-
respondents of the highest authority, which were to the
kffect that in 1811-12, the Jews in that country bad been
admitted to purchase land, to exercise trades and callings,
and to take academical honours ; it had been made a ques-
t ion how far they could be eligible for civil offices, but this
had been reserved for further deliberation, and had not yet
been decided ; and subsequently to that period, their eli-
gibility to take academical honours had been rescinded.
The example of America and France bad been held our
too ; and here he must admit that the statements he Lad
made on a former occasion, with reference to the condi-
tion of the Jews in these countries, had been somewhat
erroneous. But the reason of his then asserting that the
Jews laboured under civil disabilities in America, was the
tact, that none of that persuasion had ever bad a seat in
the Legislative Assembly, and only five individuals of that
faith bad held scats in the French Chamber of Deputies
However, the (louse had not to decide by the example—
if such there were—of a Latitudinarian Republic in one
hemisphere, and of a more than Latitudinarian Monarchy
in the other. No ; the House had to decide upon Chris-
•ian principles, and according to the principles of our
.S.on. It could never he expected that we should
tiers in the Jews ; they were far too exclusive a
Cl 2-). .n every respect, and would never he Englishmen.
pe„._WWill always feel a greater interest in another Jew at
:Varsaw, or any where else, than in his English neighbour.
The mere title of birthright in this island surely did not
give the Jew the full rights of Englishmen. Moreover,
they were not entitled to those rights, from their obsti-
nacy in not complying with the conditions of a Christian
country. It was most absurd to call disability persecu-
. Besides, he would show that this Bill was not

Lion.

wanted. There were two divisions of the Jews ; and he

solemnly assurer! the House, that none of the higher orders
.4r: that people had expressed any desire for this " boon,"
nor even took the slightest interest in the question. Not
me of the Synagogues had petitioned for it. He would go
further—he could .tate to the House, that the more con-
scientious of tae persuasion were strongly averse to having
this " b on," and, among others, that great luminary
Rabbi Jacob, in a communication which he (Sir li.
Inglis) held in his hand, expressly said, that " this start
for emancipation was a deadly crime against the Almighty,
that it had been set on foot wholly by a set of obscure
Jews, who desired bor•••:r and profit, end to be made
freemen among this pr-'..ph,, wholly forgetting the sacred
principle, that a Jew c.sn be a freeman of no country but
the Land of Canaan." The Hon. Member concluded by
moving, that the Bill be read a second time that day six
months.

Mr. SINCLAIR said that, in seconding the motion of
his Hen. Friend, he h.tri only one single argument to ad-
vance in support of his opinion—namely, that this was a
Christian country and a Christian Legislature, and that
it was inconsistent with their duty and allegiance towards
the God whom they worshipped, to admit those persons to
occupy the highest station, or to become Members of this
House, by whom he, whom we acknowledged as over all,
God blessed for ever, was denounced as a cruefied
imposter. He knew that in these days of religious 13,,r..
barisru, he should be denounced as a fanatic, on account
of the sentiments which he now ventured to express ; but
for this he was fully prepared.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM supported the measure. The
qualities necessary for a legislator were intelligence and in-
tegrity, and in these qualities the Jews at least equalled if
they did not excel the Christians.
Mr. FINCH opposed the 13411. He did not wish to
borrow institutions from other countries, and this was an
innovation en the British Constitution, borrowed from
countries inferior to Britain. He thought, before they
could proceed with such a measure, some political expe-
diency ought to be made out, but none had been, and not
one petition had been sent from any synagogue in favour
of the measure. He contended, also, that the Jews were
not fit to be Judges, since they denied what was au im-
portant part of the common law of the land. He believed
that some persons supported this measure because it tended
to overthrow the established church. He was satisfied
that such would be its effects, and that the great body of
the Protestants were opposed to it.—(Hear, hear.)
Sir OSWALD MOSLEY said, if this Bill were
pa-sed, they would no longer be a Christian country.
The Jews blasphemed the sacred name of Jesus.—(No,
no ! and cheers.) They held up the Christians to scorn
—(No, no !) Gentlemen said, " No, no!" He should
he glad to have a proof of the correctness of their opi
Mous. It was on the verge of possibility, if that Bill
were to pass. that they might have a new Speaker. Would
that gentleman have to choose a chaplain ?—(Loud cheers.)
Could he be present at pronouncing the name of Jesus ?
That would be a solemn mockery.—(Loud cheers.) That
was his view of the measure.

Dr. LUSHINGTON said, some of the Hon. Members
who were the loudest and most vehement in their profes-
sions of Christianity, seemed, at the very moment of mak-
ing these professions, to overlook the chiefest Christian
di ctrine, inasmuch as the imptved intentions and ascribed
motives to an intelligentratY,nd.upright race of men, with a
view to fix on themde iiizkdegradations, and exclu-
sions, against which, if they'
persona,
one-twentieth part
of them in their own proper would cry out
as a grievous injo,tice, and as the ,:;fthe'y of the most
malignant intentions.—(Cheers, and Tir;l" t/f
r
1,,,00.'d send tiara back to their Bible; lie would teat then He
to ,to,siv it with greater advantage, arat they would learn
i
hum it sh:sat one of its great doctrines was, to do unto
others as They would be done unto.—(Cheers.)
who opposet,l this bill were bound to show that mischiet
to the State Would ensue from removing the disqualifica-
tions, which, as the general rule, were, by the Coustitu
:ion, not to be icaposed.Pr. any class without some great
necessity. Much Cellar), e had been placed on she doetrini
that Parliament wit,' exclusively Christian : '!re denied
that the re was any foundation for making that assertion.
He could not anticipate any of those great evil, which had
been mentioned as likely to result from qualifying Jews

to sit in that House. It was a matter which hi
thought might be fairly left to the discrimination of elec-
tors, who would not fail to select the most competent in-
dividuals. He really thought the electors did cot require
the nursing care of the lion. Baronet.—(Elear.) In a
po itico•economical point of view, it was a great folly to
limit the market for virtue and talent—which would. he
the case if this Bill were rejected. The opposition to
appeared to him to spring from the cloister.—(No, no.
He did not mean, in s.tying that, to allude to the oh,
ladies who resided there.—(Hear, hear, and a laugh.)
He denied that the Christian religion could he at all en•
dangered by such a concession.
Mr. E. BULLER and slr. PLUDITRE opposed the Bill.

Mr. FINN, ns cne of the Catholics who had been re•
cently admitted to the House, could not but support ti e
present measure.
Mr. PETRE supported the second reading of the Bill
on similar grounds.

Lord J. RUSSELL must support the principle of this
Bill. He could not anticipate any real danger to th,
Constitution from this measure. Out of the 27,000
Jews, probably three or four would be admitted to the
bar, five or six to inferior offices of state, and one or tw,,
to seats in that House; but they might be sure they would
never hear from these latter any sentiments which would
lead to the opposition of the peculiar tenets of the Chris-
tian and Jewish religions. But although it was of no
great importance as a qu‘stion of practise, yet it was of
great importance as a question of principle ; for if dif-
ferences in religious opinions were to lead to civil disabili
ties, they ought not to stop at exclusion from Parliament,
but ought to go the fullest extent—even to banishment
and death.—(Hear.) They should either adopt the prin-
ciple in its complete application, or not at all. He had
never seen any reason why a Jew should not fulfil all the
duties of a citizen ; why he should not act as honestly,
bravely, and patriotically as any other English subject.—
(Hear. hear.)
A MEMBER, whose name we could not learn, oh
jceted to the Bill solely in a religious point of view.
Mr. GRANT replied.
The House then divided, when there appeared--
For the second reading 159
Against it
Majority in favour of the Bill -107
It was agree,/ that the Bill should be committed on
Friday se'npi:ht.
