TILE SUN, LONDON. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1e39

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT ELEC-
TORS OF THE BOROUGH OF NEWARK- UPON-
TRENT.
.PiNtLtMEN,
TIER MAJESTY the QUEEN has been
graciously pleased to appoint me her Solicitor-General.
The Constitution hat provided that the acceptance of Office
under the Ctown shall vacate the Seat of a Member of Parlia-
ttebt. The high trust which you have so often and so long con-
fided in me, is therefore again surrendered into your hands.
The New Election for your ancient and respectable Borough
cannot take place till after the Meeting of Parliament ; but my
sense of duty towards you induces me immediately to re-visit
Newark, and in person to solicit the renewal, when the Elec-
tion shall take place, of the generous and independent support I
have so repeatedly reeeived from you.
In discharging the duties which have devolved upon me as
your representative, whilst I have never forgotten the principles
which first recommended me to your support, I trust I may also
confidently appeal to all classes and parties that I have never
been inattentive to the welfare of your town, or the interests of
any of its numerous inhabitants. I now, therefore, most re-
spectfully present myself before you, and I hope that in be-
coming a servant of our beloved Sovereign, I have done nothing
which can diminish the confidence you have hitherto reposed in
me—a confidence which I have alwas s valued as my chief pos.
session, and which, I trust, I shall ever have the good fortune
to retain.

I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your faithful and obedient servant,
THOMAS WILDE.
Guildford-street, London, Nev. 23,1832-

HIS MAJESTY the EMPEROR of
AUSTRIA having AUTHORISED and GUA-
RANTEED several DISTRIBUTIONS of MONEY
PREMIUMS, wish (though they are NO LOTTERIES)
offer assay possibilities of obtaining
LARGE FORTUNES,
AEINR BROTHERS, at HAMBURGH,

are NOW SELLING SHARES for the said DISTRIBU-
TIONS. Persons desirous to purchase may receive, PRE-
VIOUS to giving any order, the PROSPECTUS and PAR-
TICILARS, *loon addressing, WITHOUT DELAY, a line
to HEINE, BROTHERS, at HANIBURGII.

P. S.—THE NEXT DISTRIBUTION contains Portions
of TWELVE THOUSAND, SIX THOUSAND, THREE
THOUSAND, ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED,
ONE THOUSAND, FIVE HUNDRED, TWO HUN-
DRED AND FIFTY, TWO HUNDRED, ONE HUN-
DRED AND FIFTY, and ONE HUNDRED POUNDS,
Roe. Ac.

THE DISTRIBUTING DAY BEING NEAR, and
Shores eloariag off most rapidly, A RISE IN PRICE will
sesa;sssur.

THEATRE ROYAL COVENT GARDEN.

UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OE MADAME
YESTRIS.
THIS EVENING, MONDAY, Nov. K 1839,
Will be repeated the New Original Plav,-in Five Acts, written
James Sheridan Knowies, called

HIOH-WATEft AT LONDON 1211.1D0E TO. ‘lORltO W.
Morning.-- 4i minutes atter 5 1 Evening it minutes after 7

LONDON :
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1635.

In consequence of insinuations thrown out by
some Tory papers, it is- necessary to repeat that
the branch of the Cobourg family from which Prince
ALBERT is descended have been Protestants from
the time of the Reformation. The Prince himself
has been educated in the Protestant faith ; at the
same time as his father's brother has turned Ca-
tholic, as his cousins are Catholics, and as no such
ridiculous hatted of Catholicism is nourished in
Germany as in England, the bigots may not
expect to find in him an ally in their vile schemes
of defaming and persecuting their Catholic coun-
trymen. We admit, and even gladly acknow-
ledge, that in Germany religion is not taught as
as if a hatred of other faiths were necessary
to salvation, and therefore we may expect, if Prince
ALBERT import here one of the distinguishing
virtues of his countrymen, that he will set an ex-
ample of charity towards those who differ from him,
and of real toleration, which ought to shame our
bigots. We hope that he will import the virtues
of his country here, for the truthfulness, upright-
ness, charity, and sacrifice of pelf to a sense of
duty which distinguish Germany, are very much
wanted amongst us. If he could at the same time
import a little of the genuine piety which prevails
in the clergy of Germany, and bring it into fashion
amongst the Anglican clergy, he would confer an
immeasurable benefit on them and on the public.
If he be a genuine German he will scout bigotry
of all kinds.

of Church of Englandism, drawn by itself, ought
to make the religious and liberty-loving people of
England start back affrighted from the precipice to
which their deference to a priesthood, more rapacious
and more ambitious than ever was the Romish
priesthood, has brought them. They stand on the
brink of a civil war, and, for the sake of the ism
above described, the priests and their journals
would hurl them over.

As a matter of history let us observe that the
only pretext for the power claimed by the Anglican
priesthood is the power which they say was usurped
by the Roman priesthood. They dispossessed the
usurpers, but retained the usurpation. They use, as
in this citation of the Ecclesiastical Courts, the forms
of the Romish Church to this day, and practice on
the credulity of their followers exactly in the same
manner as the Romish priests in the dark
ages. They tell us at the same time that
all the power and all the wealth which they
possess, and the additional power and addi-
tional wealth which they demand, are necessary to
enable them to resist to the last the powerful priest-
hood they have dispossessed, and in whose spoils
they are clothed. If there never had been
a usurping and Papal priesthood, the Anglican
priesthood would have wanted a pretext and a
model for their functions; they would never have
possessed their present power, and there would have
been no antagonist order of priests to make men
suppose that the functions of the Anglican priest
hood are useful or necessary.

Mr. Sergeant WILDE, who has been appointed
her MAJESTY'S Solicitor-General, has issued an
Address to his constituents at Newark, which will
be found in another part of The Sun. The Hon.
and Learned Gentleman has lost no time in paying
his respects to his constituents, and they will find
it an additional recommendation to their favour that
he has taken ofsce under her MAJESTY'S Govern-
ment. He is to be opposed by Mr. TIIESIGER, who
has his parliamentary spurs yet to win. Mr. Sergeant
WILDE, in addition to his many' claims to the approba-
tion of his constituents, acquired last Session the re-
putation of being one of the ablest legal debaters that
ever appeared in the House of Commons. His
speech on the question of STOCKDALE v. HAN-
SARD was described by men of all parties as the
very best which was delivered. We trust that the
electors of Newark will re-elect him triumphantly.

The Standard agrees with us, that the Act of
1829 destroyed the exclusive Protestant character
of our Constitution. It admits, too, that the Crown
is not only allowed, but in some measure compelled
to admit Popish councillors. So agreeing with us,
we cannot comprehend why that Journal should
blame the Ministers for not virtually suspending
the law of 1829. The great crime with which it
and the other Tory Journals charge the Ministers is
that they have appointed Popish councillors, or have
carried the law into execution. Till the law is re-
pealed our Contemporary ought not to blame the Mi-
nisters for not suspending it. We must, at the same
time, acknowledge the consistency of the Standard
and its friends, for they require that the law of 1829
shall be repealed. There is, in fact, no alternative,
but either to carry that act into execution, as the
Ministers are doing, or repeal it altogether. We
give Sir ROBERT PEEL joy of :he second JIM
Chow jump he must make to satisfy his present
friends.

The Marquis of LANSDOWNE'S Letter to the
Bishop of EXETER, which we published last week
is a fit sequel to the late correspondence between
that Right Rev. Prelate and Lord JOHN RUS-
SELL. It gems to develope still further the
Jesuitical character of Dr. HENRY PHILPOTTS,
who wants only the qualification of extensive learn-
ing to place him in the front rank of the disciples
of LOYOLA. In carrying out the actuating prin-
ciple of conduct ascribed to them, " that the end
sanctifies the means," he has never been, and is
not likely to be, surpassed.
The Bishop has been, for some months past, as
busy as a certain gentleman is said to be in a high
wind, going through his dominions for the
purpose
—a work of supererogation many will think—of
sowing among the clergy, the seeds of political
strife and religious intolerance. For one who gives
himself out to be, if not an Apostle, at least a
lineal successor of the Apostles, this seems not al-
together an appropriate occupation. It is some-
what out of keeping with the Apostolic character,
if St. Paul's description of that character be adopted
as the standard.

The charge of which the Bishop has been deli-
vering himself every week at some place or other
since the beginning of August, for the benefit of
the parsons, he has now discharged upon the
public, in that to him most delightful of all forms
—the form of a goodly pamphlet. With the ge-
neral contents of this curious brochure it is not our
intention to meddle at present. We shall confine
ourselves to a few remarks on the Right Reverend
Father's tricks in the matter of education.

hold of an expression of Lord LANSDd'ai"fE'f4 which
merely showed that Ministers attached great impott,
ante to inspectioni without which there was no ade-
quate security that the children would be trained in
habits of " order, cleanliness, and Wm.
try." Now what does Dr. PHlLvotts do but
represent the Marqtiis of LANspowNE as placing
these habits on an equal footing with religious in-
struction ; and that the more attention might be
drawn to the misrepresentation, he actually prints
the word " equal" in italics. Now that this was a
wilful and most malicious calumny, is proved by the
fact that, in the previous part of the speech from
which the extract is made, the Marquis of LANS-
DOWNE had stated that a system of religion forms
the " most solid foundation" on which public edu-
cation can be placed. Why did he not quote that
part of the speech rather than the other ? Because
it was his cue to make the world believe that her
MAJESTY'S Ministers undervalued religious in-

stru etion.
The pious and candid Bishop misrepresents Mr.
JELLINGER SYMONS, if possible, more grossly still.
He pretends to quote, from a Report of that Gen-
tleman on the subject of education, opinions on
continental education, which he wishes to pass
off as the result of Mr. SYMONS' experience,
and to turn them against popular education
in this country. Now would any one believe
that Mr. SYMONS never uttered anything
like the opinions imputed to him by the Bishop,
but that he actually disclaimed such opinions as his?
But let Mr. SYMONS speak for himself. These
are his words :—" So far from this .opinion being
the result of my own experience, it forms part of a
communication from a Mr. WITHERS, a manu-
facturer near Charleroi, attached, indeed, to my
Report, but with a distinct statement that I annexed
it without in any degree vouchingfor the accuracy
of the facts detailed by this gentleman, who is per-
sonally unknown to me.' And yet, with this dis-
claimer before his eyes, does the Bishop of EXETER
quote another man's opinion as mine I"
In what a discreditable, what a pitiful light
does all this trickery exhibit Dr. PHILPOTTS
Does it not show that he is totally destitute
of that manliness of character and honesty
of principle which lead a generous mind to a
candid confession of error when it finds itself
in the wrong. To the simplicity of truth this man
is a stranger ; his mind is so accustomed to the
operation of inventing arguments to " make the
the worse appear the better reason," that the dis-
tinction between right and wrong seems to
have been entirely obliterated. Not a trace of the
gentleman—to say nothing of the successor of the
Apostles—is to be found in this pastoral (!) pro-
duction. The quibbling, shuffling, quirky pamphle-
teer reigns throughout.
Since the preceding observations were in type,
the Bishop has published a reply to the Marquis
of LANSDOWNE'S Letter, which sets his character
for misrepresentation in a still more odious point of
view. We shall take an early opportunity of no-
ticing more at large this effusion of the prelatical
spirit.

By the arrival yesterday, at Liverpool, of the
new and beautiful packet-ship Patrick Henry, in
seventeen days from New York, we have received
files of New York and Canada papers, the former
of the 7th, and the latter of the 4th instant, both
inclusive. The Great Western, which sailed from
Bristol on the 19th ult., arrived at New Yolk on
the 2d instant—thus making the passage out in
fourteen days and some hours. The effect of the
advices brought out by her upon the money market
was momentarily favourable, but prices receded,
when it was known that although Mr. JAUDON,
agent.of, the, United States' Bank in London, had
overcome all difficulties in the way of raising a roan
' 'here; yet that considerable quantities of American
Stock had been returned by the Great Western, as
unsaleable in Europe. But the financial intelli-
gence is given so fully below, that it is unnecessary
to do more here than direct attention to it.

The Report of General JACKSON'S death is
happily unfounded. The " Old Hero" was never
in better health, and is likely to live many years
yet to torment the Banks by his Sub-Treasury
schemes. The excitement occasioned by the Bank
stoppages has made him ten years younger in looks
than he was six months ago. He always thrives
best in troubled waters. They are the only
" springs or spas" that entirely agree with his
physical and mental constitution.
_

_
Sir LIONEL SMITH, the late excellent Gover-
nor of Jamaica, arrived in the British ship, Ser-
pent, in New York, where, after remaining a few
days, he was to proceed to Bermuda. The anti-
slavery party were delighted at his presence in
their city.
In the Canadas all is at present tranquil. Sir
GEORGE ARTHUR had declined to prolong the
suspension of cash payments by the Banks of Up-
per Canada, though petitioned so to do by the To-
ronto Board of Trade. The Lieutenant-Governor
of New Brunswick had likewise forbidden by pro-
clamation the cutting of timber on the disputed

territory.
PROGRESS OF SUSPENSION AND RE

SUMPTION.

TENESSEE.—Governor Polk, in his message to the
Tenessee Legislature, recommends that an early day
be fixed upon for the resumption of specie payments by
the banks in that state, and that they be restricted
from the declaration of dividends for at least six months
after the resumption. Resolutions were introduced
into the senate, ordering the banks to resume forthwith.
They were postponed for one day, at the suggestion of
a member, who said he had good reason to believe that
the banks had it in contemplation to resume the pay-
ment of specie within ten days.
ILLINOIS.—On receiving intelligence of the suspen-
sion in Philadelphia, Oct. 20, the directors of the State
Bank of Illinois resolved to follow the example, and
sent expresses to the several branches, instructing them
to do so likewise.

ALABAMA.— The branch of the State Bank at
Huntsville has not suspended, and does not propose to
do SO.

Omo.—The suspension of specie payments has not
been general in Ohio. The Dayton Journal of late
date says—" As far as we have heard, the list of sus-
pending banks in ;this State comprises the Cincinnati
banks, with the exception of the Commercial, the Ha-
milton, Dayton, Xenia, Urbana, and the two Worcester
banks. Those at Colombia, Zanesville, Putnam, and
Cleveland were paying at the last accounts."
RHODE ISLAND.—The General Assembly of Rhode
Island have passed a Bill, making such of the banks of
that State as refused to pay specie for their bills, liable
to the payment of 12 per cent. interest upon them so
long as specie is refused—the cashier to enter the time
of demand upon the bill, and the refusal of payment for
sixty days to work a forfeiture of the charter. Also
making the Presidents and Directors of the banks per-
sonally liable for the payment of the bills on deposit,
and requiring each bank to receive its own bills in
payment. The yeas on the passage of the Bill were
43 ; nays, 25.
Micrtionti.—The Detroit banks have suspended,
and their example will probably be followed by all the
others throughout the State. In a notice published in
the Advertiser, signed by H. K. Sanger, cashier of the
Bank of Michigan, and John A. Welles, cashier of the
Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank, in behalf of their re-
spective boards of direction, it is said—
" The ordinary business of these banks will be con-
ducted as usual without interruption, and their notes
will be received by each other for all purposes ; no dis-
tinction will be made between the notes of the branch
and home offices.

c::.:: :..,
~,, ~.„ .
4r.
‘,..„...„.., ...,,,.......,,,,,,,,,,•,
,', r 7 • .j, ~, - t-, ...,,,it:',-- .- -' . _ :- 4/,' •

ull+
