PEkct."

tfer
lble

.- . .
. .
Peat I'
) ~„n.
an' It fl Irnpaatible talhrgrit 'Ter. " "
lbents I• v ,
... .... .
Worts" nen a6e atifinceil 'on both siqes• Our °' ;-
' ' ~..
i are well Ittioivii, 'Anti they are Feed oft 'a basis
lv-ch, 'a.,atit .be ttt (ived, far less snbterted• U
ec'Nd'i the Arreten'iicins Of tlieAgit;ttot's, '''''ll°
1 —e tue Nati of Ronta'n Cath
assail, ‘1...
',at ',
mpattole
Are In i•eality pa c t ;;) cis Threateners, as utterly
Olick Petitinnets.
ince '•i_ • ... .. With the Protestant Constitution of
lliesitealrns', ae. pret:tiant with present mischief
411,d 4lt;rnate peril; as alike (lngei.4sit6 the rights
tr the Cr.own :and ihe iSchief
le.—
privileges of the Peop
'eh being ottr sentiments, we have on!y t° ".
.;..
Press ottr hope and belief that the British.
) lia-
nterit .
) as ft has in former times, will again act with
\visa° I. lar
tn. (•iseretion and firtnri:e'is.in rejecting thesle
insidi • . '
nns propositions.
•I• like
bN)CritnCe has taught us, that concession,.
;'l7 e, leatls itS votaries from lapse to lapse till
. i 8
I°3t. Nthaps we have already gone too
:4J'i4l but yet we trust we may safely stop in mid-
leer : we
.wish trot now ,to retract what has
"ea gr.mted,
bur We must also remember that
ern
new gram has been the foundation for
yen ‘lelLnand, and that these demands have only
'ea the more imperiously urged w.lten the nature
'414 times and the difficulties of the Government
1)11red the Claimants Ott the vantage ground for
ezterting •instead of soliciting. We say it is time
tr''t(lP where we are, because the religious liberty
°I the Roman Catholic is Perfect 811(1 complete—
t,ileY 113" C no just totted of complaint on this
..ea'l,.and their object can only be political power
eoll'istent with the Established Constitution of
the %hist' Empire, which would be virtually de-
biro • ,
rt"n )e(i. by surrendering to them a degree of in-
ee and authority never allowed by art t• State
n a disseuting far less to a hostile Faith. To sum
Ilk tiles less
observations, we entirely concur,
kill e.-brief ti.„st pailiamew. till concur,
4'''!t- itnPiniry Ensw ND Bt/RKE, who held, that
with that
''thesec 'Thea dissent ft 0111 alt Established Religion,
. g il
c 4t. tlltiSfied With tolerotion, (which the, noinen
)-'itle(4icks enjoy to the utmost extent the word.
'l.lPl's), are, not affected by Conscience,
olnlSitio,', but by
and who wisely advised us how to act
'll .'.lcil occasions, .saying, " You cannot content
. ei 7711-'"'s collie' iences, reel or pretended, by ang
to,l,
~
es4'4ns therefore„ follow kiur own--seer

::--......._,,,........_
* Illokt•II .tli •
I telligente
, „t' - .e Pressure of Foreign ll
eonTettd, LIS ytsteNiv -to
postpoue our remarks
en
4""lversary of the PITT CLUB, we feel that
''e.tder the Preent state
rilances of of Europe nor the cir-
this particular celebration, "111
"ff".
tis t° dep
(!frering a art from Our-established custom of
4111) fe observatiolis upon that gnat:fill
j w c:t.
1)
Yt'e sh'4l not dwcll upon the bono.vvvhieb the
e it'
'GF.NTs Ministers did themselves by lit-
l),.nlil)g. this Assembly :—without being- influenced
~,,,,
,' 4'41 excessive veneration which may some-
t'llles be paiii to denarted virtue and genius at the
t''Penee of. living merit, we may be allowed to
t''., Clbat the 'Most grateful homage which can be'
c,, at
i
gist-.cot° the hearts of these justly popular Mi-
..
,ers is inse
parably. connected with ktedfast ad-
ile,., .
"'ree tz, the principles of their mighty Prede-
14s"r, with the closest pursuit of the_ path which
t's lintnortal mind explored, and with the anxious
tizttre of
thenl , every public oppor•tunity to proclaim
%Ives his disciples and iinitators.
, 1-14 Cotinscls have once saved the world—a new
el erl).tknaces us ! but let our Statesmen only fol-
-i°,lll thl!.11-le course with the Pilot who wen-
, erc.(l the storm', and a triumph and a glory like
4'wle:tyttlittlibreeattielen.irng as
i , i reward.
is the aspect of these times,
earl'lnt..thinh. that their task is either so dif-
, • 14;4,4
to[Crk,app.ling a' 3 Was . that of their lamented
tvea 'e* The Enemy is not so powerful, his.
tob i'lf)ns
're trot so new nor so dreadful, this is
' PlVigious„ .
(1441i1i. ' pet:ll-new on materials
tilm
ac:.3.--11 trial Las been tihlde,
I has been
the nature of
halllst wilic!, We have' to content.
3ertain i
tes --'<'*"..-Ire have both experience and sue-
to ,
tire eueer us on to Our anticipated labour. We
also
Ille e stwozer in ourselves. Not only have
Ilt)t ile:gies or this noble nation been called forth,
iiirtt)ill has the sleeping- giant been roused from
the fi:e.3es 'lad lassitittle to activity and vigour., ti, icji-e °I- other.terrible agents has been added
iren.l:',".ll' Aly. PITT had to form Coalitions to
but
. 1;1 t'le torrent which would otherwise have over-
. i i,(ll'ed niankind ; the understanding of other
11,nets was tna.a.'v y,•ats behind the perception of
1 '',lht "4(11 i-vas enlightened by his almost supr-
'l—'lll P'en'ettalion ;AIN informed by his caPacim's
:1"1,u4I• That mass Which be could only stimulate
115-', Mille other Portions were a prey 10 dis-
I ' fil.'l 11.1t1
jeal°tlV, IloW liloyes siinultaneousiy
'-th tircat Britain, wish cme inspiration, and for
1 ill'e atticut of .nIC wni,.ct.
id; it i „
The Common Cause
, , `("esl oveawe tae Cause of c very Nation
'.,;1(1 pvuple.
The- •
"•01th an a(i ye. riary, thoogh still formidable,

•. 7
of diininisbed force,--with augmented power in
•
ourselves,—,with a co-opetation unparalleled for
unanimity, consistency, and extent,—and above
all, with nen educated in the schw;l; and ardent
in the emulation of WILLIAM PITT, to gtkide us
in the approaching contest (in Council and in the
Field), can we be pusilanhuous enough to doubt
of Victory

Far be the apprehension from ns ! In confi-
dence do we buckle on our, armour, again to com,
bat a Rovolutionary Government,, destitute of
the energy which ideal and speculative notions
• imparted to the former revolution—and we man
to battle in undivided moral strength, with the
Opinions of all good men, as well 'as with the
physical strength of nations on our side; against
Convicted traitors and beaten tyrants.
- .
But we have dwelt upon this topic toolong,
and must now confine any further remarks it Was
our intention to offer, to the subject of, one Of
the toasts given, and one of the company (dearly
connected with that toast), present. We allude
to the health of "Louis and success to
his Cause," and to the presence of Count Lvson,
the brave, loyal, and patriotic Mayor of Bour-
deaux. How delightful must the sensations of
that Gentleman have been when lie witnessed the
enthusiastic burst with which the name of his
Sovereign was hailed-,—when: he saw the sym-
pathy, the ardour, the fire with which such an
assemblage (comprised of the greatest Statesmen
and the most respectable members of society, from
noble rank to plain citizenship, which the capital.
of England affords), testified their sentiments in
behalf of an expatriated Monarch and a suffering
People. No vague thoughts of political expedi-
ency, noselfish feelings which exulted in the happi-
ness of theirnative land contrasted with the existing
misery of France, no ungenerouS principle mixed
itself -tvith, and debased the exalted social effusion
of this hour : every man felt that with her King
would liberty and prosperity, and greatness be re-
stored to France; that her King alone could
,render
her our rival in commerce and the arts of peace ;
and that, if we could Wish wretchedness, and
slavery, and contempt, to a nation, by many
called our natural eneniy, our certain course of
rancour and revenge would be to confirm the
dominion of the foreign Despot and his detest,
able associates, who have by lawless violence and
matchleSs perfidiousness arrived at the possession
of regal authority ;—bat no 'such unworthy and
degrading ideas intruded bn the harmony of this
scene, or poisoned the heartfelt pleasure which
animated every countenance, while every voice
was raised in the shout of " Success to the good
King LOUIS," and every band waved a' white
emblem in honour of his lillied standard and pu-
rity of conduct.

Perhaps, and we shall conclude with the sup-
position—perhaps in the midst of this gratifying
testimony the natural thought would spontane-
ously dart through the mind of the Individual
most affected by it, and -;...;onnt LYNCH would in-
ternally exclaims " Oh !. that my beloved Conn-
.,
try had given birth to Minister. capable of in-
spiring inch men as these with such feelings—
then would she have been spared the horrors of
a revolution, the desolation of the last five and
twenty years. Oh, that even now, some glorious
uame may be found to rally round it a Band like
this—a Band whose loyalty consolidates the
Throne, whose hive of liberty preserves inviolate
the Constitntion, whose patriotism protects the
People. Grant Heaven, that when the Son of
Saint Louts is restored to the inheritance of his
ancestors, he may find the copy of a PITT CLUB
in France, and then may he wield a potent sceptre
over a free people, secure from, factious intrigue
and domestic treason—from lawlesS ambition and
foreign assault. Though we were not blessed
with a PITT to save—we may .yet have a Society
like this to redeem our Country."

Extract of a letter from an thlievr on board the Astrea
gate, to a Gentleman in lidinbur6h, dated off Isle Dieu,
May 20.
We sailed with an Expedition, composed of
French Royalists, to the coast of France, and
after several days cruising about, we have at last

succeeded in landing in them with great satisfac-
tion, as more than 2000 Loyalists have joined'
them aiready.—(Edinburgh Courant, May 27.)

Mr. KENITSLE.—The report of this day is, that
Mr. liEmBLE is gradually proceeding 'towards re-
covery. Perhaps, however,.the wickell wags may
say, that he cannot be considered,out of danger,
as he is still attended by a physician. •
The Spanish Declaration of Var is contained in
our precedin4; columns. It is noble to have taken
the lead in th:s brilliant career against the Wretch
who .so perfidiously abused the Royal, House of
Spain, and so barbarously devastated that Country.
The Melponione, in the action with the Rivoii,
is said to have had 23 111C11 killed, and 50 wound-
eo The Ambassador from BUORAPARTK to
llu-
H is reported to be among the passengers, a
prisoner.
BREAD.—No alteration in the price of Bread
this week.
