LONDON, THURSDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 21, 1833.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

BOW-STREET.

Yesterday "William Guest, son of a notorious receiver
of stolen goods of that name, who was sentenced to he
transported for 14 years, a month or two ago, at the Old
Bailey, was brought in custody before 11r. Haus, by
Higgins, a constable of the F division, on a warrant of
indictment preferred against him a short time previous to
the trial of his father, with whom he was implicated in
receiving stolen property.
Higgins had been looking for the prisoner for some
time, and having watched the house in which he lived, at
No. 18, Tabernacle-row, Finsbury, for three 'hours on
Friday night, he at length saw him go up to the street
door, and let himself in with a latch key. He imme-
diately ran across the street, and gave three knocks at the
door, which he knew to be the signal usually given by
those who came to dispose of stolen property. The door
was opened by the prisoner, and witness told him he had
a warrant to apprehend him. The prisoner bursting into
tears, said, " I know you have, and I suppose they will
send me out of the country along with my father." Wit-
ness then told him that he must search the house, and the
prisoner begged he would not do so, as it would be his
ruin. On searching the house, witness found some silver
tea-spoons, marked with the initials H. E. G., the bowls
of which were broken off, apparently with the intention
of melting them down. Witness also found a medicine
chest, the duplicate of an opera-glass, pledged for Sc., se-
veral metal seals, and a substantial double-cased silver
watch, made by " Robert Fuller,' London," and num-
bered 13,144, with other property, all of which he had
reason to believe were stolen, and he expected on a future
day to produce evidence to that effect.

The prisoner declined to say any thing at present, and
the Magistrate ordered him to be remanded for a week.

A maH named John Sheerin, who formerly followed the
occupation of a resurrectionist, and owing to the decline
in that branch of business became a common informer,
appeared to support an information which he bad pre-
ferred against the keeper of a coffee•shop, Darned Morgan,
who resides in James-street, Covent-garden, for opening
his house for the sale of ready-made coffee before the hour
prescribed by the Act of Parliament.
Mr. Alley, who appeared for the defendant, was pro-
ceeding to take some legal objections to the sunimons,when
Mr. HALLS saved the Learned Gentleman the trouble,
observing that he should not act upon the information of
Sheerin, in consequence of his having compromised a
similar case some time ago, by accepting a moiety of the
fine from the defendant, who had his own reasons for not
appearing before the Magistrate. . .

Sheerin was then ordered out of the office, and the case
was dismissed.

SURREY SESSIONS, FEB. 20.

ROBBERY OF LORD SANDON'S CARRIAGE.— George
Brent, a respectable-looking young man, the proprietor of
a green-grocer's shop in the Waterloo-road, was indicted
for receiving a trunk containing a wt iting-ded: and a va-
riety of other articles, the property of Lord Sandon.
The case for the prosecution having closed, the CGAIR-
MAN asked the prisoner if he wished to make any defence.
The prisoner declared his entire innocence of the offence
with which he was charged.

Several witnesses gave the prisoner an excellent cha-
racter.

The Jury returned a verdict of Acquittal. The verdict
seemed to give much s aisfaction.

COURT CIRCULAR.

Prince TALLEYRAND and the Mexican Minister visitee.
Viscount PALMERSTON yesterday, at the Fureign•office.
Sir GEORGE STAUNTON transacted business yesterday, at
the otlice of the Secretary of State far Foreign Affairs.
A deputation of the British American Land Company,
among whom were Messrs. RonNsort, GouLD, WILSON,
SIIUTER, and GILLESPIE, had a conference yesterday, with
Viscount Homo:, at the Colanal-office.

Lord JOIIN RussELL and Mr. POULETT THOMSON
visi!ed Viscount ALTHORP yesterday, at the Treasury.

Viscount MELBOURNE entertained the Cabinet Ministers
at dinner last evening, at his residence in South-street.-
Monsieur VIGER, from Canada, had an interview with
Viscount GOnERICII yesterday, at the Colonial-office.

According to accounts of the 6th inst., from
the banks of the Rhine a discovery has recently been made
•f the: existence" of a! new Patriotic Association among
the students of the German Universities.—( Gall ynani.)

ROMAN RELIC.—Last week, while a per-
son was employed in trenching a plot of garden-ground,
near Orchill, he came upon an enclosure of stone slabs,
measuring about three feet long, and two feet broad,
within which were contained a circular vessel of burnt
clay, and several fragments of bones, which, upon expo.
sure to the air, " fell down like slacked lime." The urn
is of very antique make. It has two handles, or ears,
and was covered with a lid raised in the centre. and sur-
mounted with a knob. The brim is surrounded with
figures of monstrous animals in bas-relief. It contained
a portion of ashes, which are carefully preserved along
with the urn.—Fdinburgh Evening Courant.

A very painful event has thrown two respect-
ab!e families in the village of Barrhead into profound
affliction, and excited a strong sympathy in the neigh-
bourhood. Two remarkably fine boys, both about three
years of age, who had been out of sight of their parents
only a few minutes on Thursday afternoon, were dis-
covered drowned together in a well. How this melan-
choly circumstance occurred, no one can imagine. So
limited are the depth and diameter of the well, that the
one pour little fellow was found stretched across, prevented
from falling by the wall on each side, and the other sup-
ported erect, with his yellow hair floating on the surface.
They were inseparable associates in their amusements, and
the announcement of the loss of the one, conveyed the
first presage to the parents of the other, that he was at
least not free from danger. Attached even at their early
years by a similarity of feeling, their 'brief and touching
history has been closed by an undivided death and burial.
—Scottish. Guardian.

ANCIENT SHIPS.—The following paragraph
if correct, announces a discovery, which will throw the
antiquarians into ecstacies ;—" A most striking discovery
has lately been made; no less than that of the long anti-
cipated Port of Pompeii, with its vessels overthrown on
their sides, and covered and preserved by the eruptive vol-
canic matter which has thus anchored them for so many
ages. About thirty masts have been found." The chance
is, that they will prove to be merely naves onerarier, or
ships of burden, which present comparatively few subjects
of disputation ; but if a Navis longa of the second or
third rate, a !firma, or trireme were found among them,
some problems which have long exercised the ingenuity of
the learned might be solved.— Scotsman.
VIDOCQ is about to establish an information-
office (Bureau de Renseignemens). The prospectus say:
that the post which he occupied has enabled him to know
swindlers and their schemes. He proposes to merchants,
bankers, &c., who will honour him with their confidence,
to give them any information they may wish for, on in-
dividuals pointed out to him, on condition of an annual
subscription of 20f., or 51. for each application. The
prospectus contains the following passage :—" I never
meddled with political police in my arduous functions,
but, having delivered the capital from thieves, I will now
purge it of the swindlers by whom it is infested."—
Galignani's Messenger.

IC having been stated in the " Extraordinary
Investigation," which we copied from the London Papers
into our Journal of last week, that the own-woman, who
had for some years previous to his death been well known
to the frequenters of some of the minor theatres by the
names of Miss Edwards and Miss Walstein, made his
last appearance at the Tewkesbury theatre, a correspon-
dent informs us that the only time he plryed at Tewkes.
bury was on the 14th of June, 1826. On that occasion
he performed Belvidera, but proved himself totally inade-
quate to the undertaking. Two gentlemen amateurs of
this city personated Pierre and Priuli, and an amateur
of Tewkesbury played Jaffler. The mock heroine was
then designated Miss Edwards, and was evidently much
older than he has been represented ;he had a marked Irish
accent, and 6i, voice was so peculiar and disagreeable that
the audience frequently indulged in bursts of laughter
during the meet serious parts of the tragedy. At Tewkes-
bury he was accompanied by a female, whom he calltd his
mother; and befOre his depai tore he made so pitiable a
tale of distress that many respectable individuals liberally
contributed towards paying his travelling expenses to Lon-
don.— Gloucester Journal.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, FEBRUARY 20.

Several Members took the oaths and their seats.
Mr. Egan, from the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports,
presented papers.
Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY obtained leave to bring in a
Bill to erect a market in the parish of St. George the
Martyr, in the borough of Southwark.
Mr. DIVETT obtained leave to bring in a Bill for the
better supplying of the town of Exeter with water.
Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition from the East
County Dock Company, Rotberhithe, for leave to bring in
a Bill to amend their dock.—Referred to a Committee.
Mr. BERNAL brought up the report of the Committf e
on the expiring laws.
ELECTIONS.

Petitions were presented against the returns for Har-
wich, Carmarthen, and Bristol, which were ordered to be
taken into consideration on the 25th of April.

Similar petitions were presented from Linlithgow, New
Sarum, and the Stirling Burghs, which were ordered to
be considered on the 30th of April. _ .

This is the last day for the presenting of election
petitions.
Mr. HARVEY moved that there be laid before the
House a copy of the last Commission, appointing Commis-
sioners to inquire into the public charities, with the
names of all officers appointed in that Commission, and their
salaries; also for a return of the number of informations
filed in the Courts of Equity by the Attorney-General, at
the instance of the Commissioners of public charities, from
the date of the last returns, with the names of the defen-
dants, and the objects and results of the informations ; also
for a statement of the items embraced in the to o sums of
1,848,2971. and 2,396,9211., as set forth in the accounts
of the public income of the United Kingdom that were or-
dered to be printed in Feb., 1832. The Hon. Member then
gave notice that to-morrow he would move that the Speaker
be requested to make an arrangement for taking the divisions
of the House, and inserting them in the vote-book, setting
forth the names of the minorities and majorities, anti that
the numbers who paired off might have their names in the
Vote-office.

Mr. ELLIS hoped that the House would permit him
to take the opportunity, of making a complaint—(Order
and Hear)—on a subject involving a breach of the privi-
leges of the House.—(Hear, and cries of " Order.") If he
were not permitted to say a word upon the subject, he
should be compelled to bring forward a motion.—(Hear.)
He had seen with great disgust in the public prints a
statement of the majority of gentlemen who voted the
other night on the motion of the Hon. Member for Mid-
dlesex, and those gentlemen were stated to have given
their votes to uphold military sinecures. He (Mr.
Ellis) voted upon that occasion, but he did not vote
to uphold military sinecures.—(Hear, hear.) He voted
in favour of a principle which the Honourable Member for
Middlesex could not very well explain to the House ; for
the Honourable Member's vote was directed against an
appointment which had already taken place. When any
general measure came before the House, he (Mr. Ellis)
hoped to be able to show that he would discharge his duty
to his constituents ; but it was falsehood and misrepresen-
tation to state, that when he gave that vote, and no one
knew his intentions at the time better than himself, he
gave it to uphold military sinecures.—(Cheers.)
Mr. lIUME was aware of the inconvenience of giving
Members an opportunity of speaking when there was no
motion before the House. The Hon. Member had stated
that it was false to say that any Member voted to uphold
military sinecures.—(Mr. ELLls—That I voted so.)—
His (Mr. Hume's) motion was, that it was inexpedient
to remunerate military services by giving them sine-
cures, and the object of his motion was to put
an end to sinecure places, and not to pay the public
money under false pretences.—(Hear, hear.) The state-
ment of the Hon. Member was not correct. His (Mr.
Hume's) statement had been that Colonels of regiments had
duties to perform ; but the Hon. Member opposite did not
appear to know what they had to do, nor did he appear to
know what he himself said at the time. The present discus-
sion was quite irregular, but one irregularity brought on
another. In his view, however, every Member who voted
in that majority, voted to uphold sinecure offices.—(Cries
of " Hear, hear," "No," and " Chair.")
The SPEAKER hoped if the discussion extended itself
further, which he trusted it would not—( Hear, hear)—
the I louse would permit him to set the Hon. Member for
Middlesex right as to its not being quite irregular accord-
ing to his view.- He understood the Hon. Member who first
addressed the House did so to notice what be conceived was
a breach of their privileges, not by a Member of the House,
but with reference to what appeared in the public press,
and that the public press, in noticing what was purported
to have passed in the House, had attributed motives to
some of its Members. There was no doubt that that was a
question of privilege, and that it was not dis-
orderly in the Ilonourable Member bringing it
forward. There was no imputation in that Hon. Mem-
ber s speech upon the Hon. Member for Middlesex—there
was no contradiction of what he had said, and there was
no vindication but of the honour and integrity of his own
motives. The Hon. Member knowing his own motives,
had merely taken that opportunity of stating that they had
not been fairly represented.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. HUME said the Hon. Member had imputed to
him that he (Mr. Hume) did not know his own mean-
ing. It was, therefore, a personal imputation—(Hear,
hear)—and he had felt himself called upon to answer it.
The SPEAKER had not stated that the Hon. Mem-
ber for Middlesex was out of order.

Mr. ELLIS said he had ❑o intention of making and•
complaint of the terms in which the Hon. Member
for Middlesex had made his motion.

Mr. COBBETT gave notice of his intention, on
tl.e 26th of February, to move that an address be pre-
sented to his Majesty, beseeching him to be graciously
pleased to ()icier that there be laid before that House an
account of all sums of money paid from the Trea-
sury of Great Britain, to be paid to the United
States of America, or the citizens of the States
in pursuance of the award of the Commissioners in ful-
filment of the 7th article of the Treaty of Commerce
signed at London in 1791 ; together with a statement of
the grounds on which they were so issued and raid, and
specifying severally the dates of each payment; also an
account of the sums for salaries to the said Commissioners,
specifying the sum which each received ; and for an account
of all payments for the purpose of defraying the charges,
demands, and expenses, arisin,, out of the appointment
and proceedings of the said Commission. The Hon.
Member further gave notice, that on the 28th of Fe-
bruary, he would move for an account of the total num-
ber of actions brought in the five years immediately pre-
ceding the year 1802, in the Court of King's Bench,
against beneficed clergymen of the Established Church
of England and Ireland, for having violated, by
non-residence or otherwise, the Act of the 21st
Henry VIII. c. 13, which were quashed, nullified, or set
aside by the 43d Geo. 111., c. 84. Also for an account
of all sums of money issued from the Treasury for the
relief of the poor clergy of the Established Church,
from 1800 to 1802 inclusive.—(Hear, bear, hear.)
Also an account of all sums of military half-pay paid to
persons in holy orders from 1830 to 1832 inclusive,
adding the names and benefices of the military persons
showed to have their half-pay since they entered holy orders.
On the 25th March he would also move for areturn of the
names of all Justices of the Peace in England and Wales
and Scotland, stating whether the persons so named, were
clergymen, or naval, or military officers, or were in the
receipt of any pensions, allowances, or salaries, proceeding
out of the taxes paid by the people ; or whether they were
issuers of paper which was commonly called Bank
notes."—(Hear, and a laugh.)
Mr. PENDARVES presented a petition from a place in
the county of Cornwall, praying for the abolition of
slavery.

- Mr. STRICKLAND presented a petition from Idle, in
Yorkshire, praying for the total abolition of slavery.
Mr. HODGES presented a petition from William Edge-
cock, grocer, in Gravesend, complaining of the corpora
tion of Gravesend. Also, a petition from Gravesend, and
the parishes adjacent, praying for the better observance of
the Sabbath Day. Also two petitions from parishes in
the county of Kent, complaining of the tithe law.
Mr- HODGES gave notice that on the 28th of this
month he would ►cove for an inquiry into the salaries and
fees paid to Justices of the Peace and Clerks of the Assiz s.
Mr. FINN plezcnted a petition from a parish
in the county of Kilkenny, praying for the abolition of
tithes. Also a petition from the hiliabitants of Burntchurch,
in the diocese of Kilkenny, to the same effect. The Hon.
Member took the opportunity of expressing his perfect
donTiction that unless aere was a total extinction of tithes

(PRICE 7D.)

in Ireland contentment never could be given to the people
of that country.
Sir ANDREW AGNEW presented a petition from
the inhabitants of Aberdeen, praying for the better obser-
vance of the Sabbath. Also petitions from the Presby-
tery of Dundee, Lanark, Ayr, and several other places to
the same effect.

Mr. WALTER presented a petition from Reading, in
Berkshire, praying for the repeal of the assessed taxes.
Mr. PALMER had been requested to support the
prayer of this petition ; be could not, however, sup-
port it in all its details ; it was not clear t) his mind
that the repeal of the whole of the assessed taxes would
he so beneficial to the country, as that part of them
which pressed most heavily on the people. In hi,
opinion the house and window duty were by far the
most fit to be repealed, and were those that would
give the most benefit to the country. He hoped
the Noble Lord would be enabred, when he brought for-
ward his financial statement, to state to the House that
he could afford to repeal those taxes.
Mr. HUME would only ask the Hon. Member how he
expected they were to be enabled to reduce the taxation,
when they were supporting measures likely to create civil
wars in Ireland?

Mr. O'CONNELL would take that opportunity of
stating to the Government how the notice of their atrocious
measures had been received in Ireland. They bad been
received with feelings of the deepest disgust, not by those
who were called agitators, but by those who were dis-
posed to uphold the Government of the Marquis of An-
glesea.
An HON. MEMBER, whose name we could not learn,
said that they had enough of debate on Irish affairs, with-
out bringing them forward when the question before the
House was the repeal of the assessed taxes. He could not
support any relief which was only to be given to the me•
tropolia. A measure to meet his approbation must
he one of a general nature to benefit the whole country.
Something must really be done, for the people would not
much longer put up with long speeches ending in nothing.
Mr. FERGUS O'CONNOR deprecated the idea of
discussions, with regard to Ireland, not being mixed up
in the debate on other matters. He thought the
allusion of the Hon. Member for Middlesex was much to
the point. Besides, Hon. Gentlemen should recollect that
the question even was only one of taxation, whereas, with
Ireland, it was a matter of life and death, and he
thought that the representatives from that part of
the kingdom would not do their duty, unless
they endeavoured, by a side wind, if they could, to defeat
the measures in the contemplation of his Majesty's Go-
vernment.

Mr. SHEIL presented a petition from Maidstone, in
Kent, praying that martial law might not be adopted in Ire-
land to enforce the payment of tithes. He would take this
opportunity of suggesting to his Majesty's Ministers, the
expediency of omitting such pats of Acts referred to in
their coercive measure as related to the punishment of
whipping—or, perhaps, the scenes which the lapse of
30 years had not effaced from the recollection of Irish-
men, might be again renewed. He would take this
opportunity also of observing upon the statement of the
Noble Lord (Althorp) with respect to the amount of
Church property in Ireland. The Noble Lord described it
to amount to between 7 and 800,0001., but he (Mr. Sheil)
believed he left out of his calculation the glebe land,—the
48 parishes which pay ministers, and the surplice fees.—
(Order, order ; No, no.)

Sir FRANCIS BURDETT said that it was a mistake
on the part of the petitioners to suppose that the measures
intended to be adopted with regard to Ireland were in-
tended to enforce the payment of tithes. With respect
to dropping the punishment of whipping, the Ho-
nourable Gentleman, who pressed it, be it remembered,
did not want any punishment at all upon the disturbers of
the peace in Ireland.
Mr. WARBURTON said that, giving his Majesty's
Ministers full credit for their good intentions, he could
not help thinking that the effect of their measures
would be such as the petitioners apprehended. The Hon.
Baronet opposite said that these measures were not extended
to enforce the payment of tithes. But all the witnesses
had told them that there could be no peace in Ireland,
unless tithes, as far as their appropriation was concerned,
were abrogated ; and the House must recollect that the
measures of conciliation did not, like the Duke of Wel-
lington's Emancipation Bill, meet the whole subject of
complaint, but went only partially to work.—(Hear.)
The Hon. Member thought the complaint contained in
the petition was extremely just, and he could not but con-
sider the measures of coercion were intended to repress the
complaints upon the subject of tithes. He hoped that the
complaint coming from Maidstone would be followed by
complaints of the whole body of the electors of the kingdom.
He thought the measure a most uncalled for one. Ministers'
own servants had told them that the measure would
never quiet Ireland. If such was the case it was high
time for the people of England to turn their attention to
the subject, and settle the question of tithes.
Mr. O'CONNELL was glad to see Englishmen coming
forward to afford protection to the people of Ireland against
measures of unmerited severity. He had beard with sur-
prise many of the statements that had just been made
by the Hon. Baronet, the Member for Westminster. He
had said that the House was ignorant of the plan proposed
by his Majesty's Ministers. How could that be so, when
it had been made notorious through all the papers? That
Hon. Baronet had also said that it did not give the power
to courtstnartial of inflicting the punishment of whipping.
In his (Mr. O'Connell's) opinion, no one could doubt
but by the measure. Courtsmartial were given such a
power. The Hon. Baronet was also greatly mistaken
in supposing that the measure was not intended to en-
force the payment of tithes. Courtsmartial were to be
appointed in all proclaimed districts, and could it be
doubted that •if tithes were not paid, and disturbances
ensued, the district would be instantly proclaimed ?
For his own part, he felt no hesitation in saying
that the measure was intended to put Ireland under the
horrors of martial law for the purpose of enforcing tithes.
Mr. BEAUMONT thought, that however power-
ful the Honourable Member for Dublin might be
among the Irish people, he would find he bed but little
influence on the people of England.—(Hear, hear.)
They were a people that would examine into matters be-
fore they decided upon them. To say the worst of the
present measure, it was a removal of the despotism of the
Hon. Member for Dublin for that of his Majesty's Minis-
ters.—(Cheers.)
Mr. RICHARDS accused Ministers of net bringing
forward measures that would remove the grievances com-
plained of in Ireland. A deal had been said aboutagitation,
and a great deal too much importance bad been attached to
the course pursued by the Hon. and Learned Member for
Dublin. That Hon. and Learned Member would seek in
vain to agitate the country if Ministers would give to the
people of Ireland, what common justice, reason, and
humanity required—viz., redress of the abominable
system of extorting tithes from a population in support of
a Church in which that population was not interested.—
(Hear.) He should take an early opportunity of moving
for leave to bring in a Bill to invest the tithes in Le-
land in trustees, for the benefit of the poor in Ire-
land. He was no enemy to the Protestant Church,
nor was he an enemy to tithes ; but be did
not like to see them go into the pockets of the
Irish gentry. He wished to see them appropriated
to the support of the poor, and see a tax laid 6n capital
for the support of the Irish clergy.
Mr. MAXWELL agreed with Ministers in the measure
of coercion they were going to apply to Ireland, but he
believed that if it was not to be acted on decisively, there
would be no peace, nor any security for property in Ire-.
land. He was sorry that that measure was accompanied
by one to which he was decidedly opposed—he meant the
measure of Church reform--(Hear, and laughter)—which
he believed to be destructive of those interests which
ought to be held sacred, and which were secured to the
country by the Union.
Mr. GRATTAN stated that great excitement bad been
produced from the belief that the measure proposed by
Ministers would invest the caurtsmartial with all the
powers that couttsmartial generally possessed, and be
should like to know from Ministers if such was their in-
tention.

Lord MAHON rose to order. Hon. Members seemed
to have misconceived the nature of the petition altogether.
It did not relate to a measure now in preparation, but to
an Act of the last session.

Mr. GRATTAN repeated his question, whether it was
the intention of Government to arm the new courts with
such summary powers as be had alluded to ?
Lord ALTHORP said, that nothing could be more in-
convenient than for him to answer questions as to the par-
ticulars of a measure which he should have to detail
when he brought the Bill forward.—(Hear, hear.) 'With

respeiCto the powers to which the Hon. Member had
,eferred, no power would be given to the courtsmartial,
except that which existed in Civil Courts. Whether the
whole power now possessed by Civil Courts would be given
to courtsmartial or not, would have to be discussed when
the Bill was brought forward.
Mr. SHEIL ruse to set the House right.—(Laughter.)
When he found the misconception entertained by the
House, be informed the Speaker of it, and told him that
the petition had been sent to him at the close of the last
Session—(Hear, and laughter)—and that it adverted to
the measures then in contemplation respecting Ireland.
Major BEAUCLERK said, that tt.e English people
looked upon the proposed measure to compel the people of
Ireland to pay tithes by force of arms, with the greatest
horror and disgust.—(Hear.) Such a proceeding would
throw additional taxes on this country, occasion it the
greatest distress, and would have his decided disappro-
bation. He had lately been informed by gentlemen who
had been much in the habit of attending courtsmartial,
that, of all the courts that could be thought of to try po-
litical offences, they were the worst.—(Hear, hear.) If
anybody doubted this, be was prepared to prove it
at the bar. He bad himself been two days under ar-
rest for giving a decision, which in his judgment he be-
lieved to be the best.—(Hear.) Lieutenant (now Captain)
Brook, had also been arrested, and kept for a considerable
time under arrest, for precisely the same thing.—
(Hear, hear, hear.) He (Major Beauclerk) could have
broke the Colonel for his conduct, but being a generous
and kind-hearted man, and having erred in judgment
only in this instance, the offence was passed over._
(Hear, hear.) This he mentioned merely to show that
courtsmartial were, of all courts, the worst to try poli-
tical offences. For his own part, he would rather be
tried by any court that could be thought of, than
such a court. Not that such courts are desirous of doing
injustice, but surely courts constituted of boys, just come
from school, or from college, could not be proper courts
for the trial of serious offences in an irritated coun-
try. When Ministers seemed disposed to side with
an Orange faction, which had always done its utmost to
ruin the country, he would admonish them, before they
went too far, to consider who were their best friends.
—(Hear, hear, bear.) He believed Ministers had no
ill feeling towards the people of Ireland, but if it
were true that they were about to bring into
that House such a measure as it was reported they
were, and should they carry that measure, which he
scarcely believed they would—(Hear, hear)---it would
be a measure, of all others, likely to separate this
country from Ireland—(Hear, hear)—to plunge it
into ruin, and lead to bloodshed and to anarchy.—(Loud
cheers.) Under such circumstances should such a mea-
sure be brought forward, Ministers might depend upon
his giving it his most determined opposition, and in doing
so, lie was certain he would only consult the unanimous
feeling of the country he had the honour of being a repre-
sentative for, and indeed he might say, the general feeling
of this country.

Mr. ATTWOOD suspected that there would be some-
thing tremendous in the result of the measures now pro-
posed by his Majesty's Government. It was stated
by an Honourable Baronet, one of the Members for
Westminster, that they were not intended merely to coerce
the people of Ireland into payment of tithes, while the
Hon. Member for Dublin declared that they were so in-
tended. He very much doubted, however, whe-
ther there was not something even worse be-
hind this ostensible purpose. He very much
feared that to-morrow the very same measures
might be directed against the heart of England, and lie
considered it his duty thus early to sound the note of
alarm inEnglish ears. Coercion for tithes merely in his mind
was unimportant ; the great question with him was, why
ther the House would act as a reformed House of Commons
and whether the liberties of a great people were to be
substantiated and confirmed. It was the ditty of a repre-
sentative of the people to take care not to forge chains to
be rivetted round our own necks.—(Hear.)
Colonel PERCEVAL made some observations, after
which,
Major BEAUCLERK explained.
A petition was presented against the return for the
South Division of the county of Northumberland, which
was ordered to be taken into consideration on the 28th of
April.

Petitions were likewise presented against the returns
for the county of East Norfolk, the city of Lincoln, and
Bury St. Edmund's, which were ordered to be taken into
consideration on the 2d of May.
COLERAINE BOROUGH.

The SPEAKER announced that since he had been in
the Chair, he had received a letter front the sitting Mem-
ber for Coleraine, informing him that it was not his inter.
tion to defend the petition presented against his return.
The order for taking the petition into consideration
was then discharged.
BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE.

On the motion of Lord ALTHORP, the order of the (L.),
for the resumption of the debate on the Sessional ordris
was read.

Lord ALTHORP then moved the following resolutions :
~ ....

" That this House do meet every day, except Saturday, at
12 o'clock at noon, for private business and petitions, and do
continue to sit until 3 o'clock, unless the business be sooner dis_
posed of.
" That when such business has been disposed of, if before 3
o'clock, or at 3 o'clock precisely, notwithstanding there may
be business under discussion, Mr. Speaker do adjourn the
House till a quarter before 5 o'clock, and leave the chair with-
out putting any question for adjournment.

" That business thus interrupted be taken up again on the
next sitting day, as an adjourned debate, in preference to other
business of the same kind.

" That if a House be not formed before 1 o'clock for the
sitting between. 12 o'clock and 3 o'clock, Mr. Speaker do then
take the Chair, and count the House, and if 40 Members be
not present, do adjourn the House till a quarter before 5
o'clock ; and in a like manner, when the House is to meet at a
quarter before 5, pursuant to adjournment, if the House be
not formed before 5 o'clock, the Speaker do then take the
Chair, and count the House, and if 40 Members be not pre-
sent, do adjourn the House till 12 o'clock the next day, unless
such day be Saturday, in which case Mr. Speaker do adjourn
the House to Monday, at 12 o'clock.

" That when a House is formed at 5 o'clock, pursuant to
adjournment, the House will immediately proceed to the busi.
ness of the day set down in the order-book.

" That Committees have power to sit from 10 o'clock in the
forenoon until 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and have leave to it
during the sitting of the House.

" That a Select Committee be appointed at the commence-
ment of each session, to which shall be referred all petitions
presented to the House, with the exception of such as complain
of undue returns, or relate to private Bills ; and that such
Committee do classify the same, and prepare abstracts of the
same, in such form and manner as shall appear to them best
suited to convey to the House all requisite information respect-
ing their contents, and do report the same from time to time to
the House ; and that such reports do in all cases set forth the
number of signatures to each petition.
" And that such Committee have power to direct the print-
ing in extenso of such petitions, or of such parts of petitions
as shall appear to require it."

He expected that much convenience would result from the
new arrangement, but if it should prove otherwise, as it
was only an experiment, the House might review their
decision. He anticipated that a considerable reduction of
the expense of printing petitions, would result from the
appointment of the Committee, to which all petitions would
be referred. He was aware, however, that this was a de-
licate subject to deal with, for many petitioners thought
they were not respectfully treated unless their petitions
were printed.
Sir R. PEEL wished to ask the Mible Lord to state,
for the information of the House, what he meant to do
with respect to one consequence of the arrangement now
proposed ? As the law of election now stood, the first pro-
ceeding of the House on the days fixed for balloting for
Election Committees was that ballot itself. If the same
rule was to be applicable under the proposed new arrange-
ment, Election Committees trust be chosen at 1 o'clock,
and if one hundred Members were not present then, the
House must adjourn, and that day would be lost for all the
purposes of public business.

Lord ALiIIORP did not mean the plan to apply to
days on which Election Committees were to be selected.
Sir R. PEEL said that abandonment of the plan in ide
a material alteration, and certainly avoided one great diffi-
culty that must have arisen from its adoption. Upon the
ether point, ha thought it would be found most inconve-
nient for the Speaker to sit from 12 o'clock. All these
things ought to be considered before this arrangement was
adopted, even though it was said to be only provisional.
If a division took place upon this preliminary business, and
it should be found that there was not a House, did the
Noble Lord mean to say that that division should have the
effect of adjourning the House? He doubted the general
policy of this arrangement ; and before it could be made
to work at all, many others must be adopted. He thought,
too, that the proposed plan of adjournment between three
and five was bad in principle, and ought not to be ad-
mitted. Though there might be a large attendance in the
early part of the day, they could not depend on again as-
sembling at five in such numbers as to enable thew to
proceed at once with the business. The best plan for
forming a House was when the Committees up stair' had
terminated. Now most of them would he sitting at one
o'clock. He should recommend that if the House did
stillt:Cidonlikt'nfiuttretehoef presenta-
tionastyea.
assemble at an earlier hour,
of petitions, and that the Chairman of Committees
should preside on those occasion, He pm elet red, how_
ev(C.r,otlohielepl iliTlVlVSlncjeonti(tiUirrit'lli. with the Right Hon.
