FRENCH PAYERS.

(From the Etoiley Tuesday.)
PARIS, OCT. 3.—Private accounts from Vienna
received at Frankfort, announce the death of
Count Dietriechstein, Director of the Bank.—lt
is probable that the Commissioners of Hayti will
make public next, week the obligations towards
the French Government, which will have been
fulfilled by the subscribers to the loan which
they are commissioned to contract at Paris, and
the means by which their Government proposes
to effect the redemption of this loan.

The Austrian Observer of 24th September, has
the following article :

" Forlt long time past, and while the most false reports rela-
tive to the real state of affairs had beet, circulated in Europe,
and in part by the leaders of the insurrection of Greece them-
selves, that insurrection, if we except the islands and the for-
tress of Missolonghi, has been confined on the Western Conti.
nent of Greece, by the arms of Ibrahim Paella, to the town of
Napoli di Romania.
" The Deputies of the Several Philhellenic Societies, affect-
ing especially of late the character of real diplomatic agents,
and taking sufficient care to make it believed that the Govern-
ments of their respective ..countries were. not, entirely strangers
to their missions, could not fail to.increase by their conduct the
internal dissensions of the Greeks;
" Thus General Roche and Colonel Fabvier endeavoured to
form a party for France, and the Deputies of the English Com-
mittee for England. He first proposed that the Greek 'Crown
should be given. to the Duke of Orleans, while part of the
others demanded it for the Duke of Sussex. The Deputy of
the American Committee, finding himself in the midst of these
parties, declared for the Republicans.
" In this rivalship the voice of the English Deputies natu-
rally gained the ascendancy, for it was England that had fur-
nished large sums by way of loan, and the imaratime assistance
of that Power would, doubtless, be the most prompt and easy
support.

" It Is not yet known what answer was given by Commodore
Hamilton to the Greek Senators, who went to solicit 'the pro-
tection of England."
(From the courier Francais.) _ _

(In answer to the Quotidienne, which said
C' We have certain knowledge that the loan
which is to serve to indemnify the planters of St.
Domingo has been offered tit London, and that
the proposal has completely failed." The Goa-
vier Francais contains the following article) :

" The Llaytien loan was not proposed at London, and conse-
quently cannot have failed there. If it had been proposed
either at London'or elsewhere, it could only have been by tier-
sons who had no authority to treat on the project. The only
person in Europe who has power to treat about the loan of the
Republic of Hayti, conjointly with the Commissioners, is. M.
Tornaux. Now it was only last Monday, that the dispatches of
the Haytian Government were delivered to M. Tornaux;and it
was only on Wednesday that the instructions were communi-
cated to him, by which the basis of the loan are fixed. Now it
will be allowed that it was necessary to know these instructions
previous to forming any project whatever. On the same day
(Wednesday),ll, Tornaux set out to visit his manufactories at
Louniers, and is not yet come back. We cannot acquaint the
public with the terms till after his arrival. We affirm, be-
sides, that far from this loan having been opened at London,
and having failed there, several foreign houses of the first rank
have expressed a. desire to take part in it, and were actually on
the lists. In fine, the Hayden loan has not yet been proposed
to any body, either at London or Paris, nor is it concluded by
the Syndicate, or any one else, for it still remains to be con-
cluded.

[This article is copied, without quoting the
source, by the dated the 4th.]

FRENCH. FUNDS.—PARts, OCT. 3.—Five per Cents. 99f.
ISOc.—Three pev Cents. 71f. 40c.—Rente de Naples, (Certificate
Falconnet,) 861. 30e.—Rente d'Espagne, IsE—Royal Spanish
Loan, 1823, 51f. gc.—Exhange on London, one month, 25E:
20e. ; three months,' 25f.—(Cours Authentioue.)

The following spirited proceeding is related
in the Malta Gazette of the 10th of August:—
‘.‘ We understand that the Seringayatanz 'accompanied by
the brig of war Alacrity, proceeded about the middle of May
last to Rhodes, to demand an explanation from the Bey for an
outrage committed against our Consul there by some of Ibra-
him Paella's troops, who broke into his house and robbed him
of 11,000 piastres. The Bey admitted the fact, but refused to
make restitution, or even avow it in writing. Captain Sotheby,
therefore, thought proper to embark the Consul and his family,
telling the Bey that if he did not comply within a given time
he would fire on the place; and in the mean time the frigate
and brig were brought to an' anchor close in. The time being
elapsed, and the document not forthcoming, Captain Sotheby
very coolly fired'a shot into the Bey's own house, and sent a
flag of truce to try its effect. The Bey had not anticipated his
puting his threat into execution so promptly, and the acknow-
ledgment was no longer withheld. The Consul's flag was con-
sdisplayed, and the Alacrity was left at Rhodes
t takeuenticY aaregn taliiat
the Consul receives no ill-treatment on account
of this affair."

We perceive by the French Papers that a
translation of Miss
FERRIAIL's clever novel,
" Marriage," has been very successful in France.

TwIE SUN-

SOLEM QUIS DICERg FALSUM AUDEAT

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 6, 1825.

The French Papers of Monday are perfectly
destitute of interest. A few extracts, however,
have been selected, and will be found in another
column. An article in these Papers, copied from
the Austrian Observer, states . that the English
Deputies in Greece had been intriguing to ob-
tain the new Greek' Crown for the Duke of
SUSSEX.

The subjoined extract from a private letter from
Buenos Ayres professes to clear up the darkness
in which the cause of the quarrel between the
Emperor of littAztt and the 'Government of
Buenos Ayres is at present involved. If this ac-
count is true, the question raised upon the occu-
pation of Monte Video is only a pretext, and the
ultimate object of the new Republic is the ex•
pulsion of the Kingly authority from American
shores. The only evidence in support of this al-
legation, however, is the publication referred to
in the annexed letter, and wherein the South
American Republics are directly called upon
to unite to expel the Brazilian EMPEROR from his
throne. But in the absence of any, link to connect
the author of this rhapsody with the Govern-
ment of. Buenos Ayres, it would be unjust,
uloptn them, grounds, to impute such motives
theisame time we cannot but remark,
ttaotitsusc a
ohuts i slight
would behove them to place their conduct
in a less equivocal point of view ; for however
unlawful may be the possession of the Banda
Oriental by the EMPEROR, it is clear the province
appertains, by quite as little right, to Buenos
Ayres ; and when neither party is invested with
right, possession, we should think, ought to de-
termine the question between them. This pretext
is therefore scarcely sufficient to account for the
hostilities existing between these States, the
more especially because the province had fol-

•
tic►
lowed the examp. le of Buenos Ayres, i" tt
drawing from the domination of the l*tl'er
d de-
Country, and under ARTIoAs, its Chief) 'l5
Glared and maintained for some time its 43"11'

independence.
EXTRACT OF A LETTER. FROM BUENOS AIRES/ Dit°l7
JULY 4, 1825.
" I arrived here at an interesting but unfortunate 111°11telitf
when political ferment is at its height, and commercial end
prize at a very low ebb. All business is nearly at a stand, tltt. f
this port expected to be :very moment declared in a state,,
°
blockade by the Brazilian squadron, under Admiral liu°'a
whilst nothing is talked of here but hatred to Monarchy
lowing specimen, translated from a Work lately
abuse of the Emperor of Brazil, as you will perceive by the °,l,
under the title of ' P erdaderos Interesses del Erni)
publiSh' ,
Brasil ;' that is, The true Interests of
the Emijeror
Brazils ;' and almost daily similar publications are issulies
from the Buenos Ayres Press, showing clearly the•
by which the inhabitants of this town in general are actuateu•
If the Monarchs of Europe are so much alarmed at tilt
establishment of the Representative System, because it ig'
the Political World, like the rays of light that disperse the
the
clouds of darkness on which their thrones are founded, 6°l
how much more.reason ought free States to put themselves
~3
their guard, on beholding installed amongst them a Soetetb.
who is surrounded with that darkness which extinguishes it't
light ? There is only one Crowned Head in America ; but th!
one may be sufficient to destroy the social order of those heroic(
people, who have so happily thrown off the shameful Yoite cc(
slavery; and to propagate the Royal authority by incanili,
others equally ambitious, who may aspire to the chief
ment under its auspices; in the same manner that one °tio
sufficient to fill a house with its species, in which there are
.Irador.do,

cats to destroy them.
The Emperor of Brazils, placed in a situation so repugu3r:t
and,
i
to the principles exclusively proclaimed and professed this
part of the world, appears in it like a luminary that disfigteli
Female
Alliancew hsuorvsyeyrnsbforolinicalElyurreolpnee,sewnittshAguireer3„,tot
•
d if the
o f the
Holyti;
the
tention, the American Crown, and considers it as the oath
the
which to rest their hopes of one day obtaining, through tile
means it would afford them an opportunity of adoptiPg' t
desired end of again subjugating those countries, the frateroo
band of Americans, united by mutual confederation, ooght;
be equally disposed to get rid of this impediment in that cBt-nj
of glory which they have so well known how topursue' 5.11
which the friends of freedom will record with so touch e.'
ners,
thusiasm in future ages. The ROyal Authority of the -DA-
in this Hemisphere is diametrically opposed to iibertY, c(PI4 ,J
quently it is the duty of the Republican Governments to esii"
him from the throne he at present occupies.'
" Such is the language of the day and the question I, if
about the possession of the Banda Oriental,'
an old diatbe
of nine years standing, is nothing but but a cloak to
the
bli
Old World as to their ulterior object. To give effect t°
whole, the Government of this Province (Juan Gregorio deoo,
Hems and Manuel Joze Garcia), acting as the Provisio3l pro
vernment of the United Provinces de la Plata, tendere: 01
forma or mock resignation of their appointment to the
Congress, who, instead of accepting it, confirmed tbol3o
'dished them more firmly in power. So they rnaol'll e g
things in this part of the world. ,I$ PO'
" The hostility manifested by this Government totw"
rio
zils has not been occasioned by any real offence, billt t;)„,
wholly from the strong aversion it entertains to Mouarcer:,,,F
its neighbourhood. And all its labours are
the other Republican Governments of South Aulefica
atria if
conspiracy against the only Monarchy established in
it
they succeed in that, I suppose their next step will be
t° °
ft
take a crusade against the Monarchical System in
I,,P„erld t
is therefore high time for the sovereigns in the 01111' -of die
look with a jealous and cautious eye to the Reeblics
New." directed to 0

The Allgetneine' Zeitung, to th 0,2901 SvPterifetrit
--rose.---
c,tNAuis Alexandria,
t 0 and
bu r
received this day, brings some intelligence `rfjt,
e d harbour.
failed
anmtohlergis.tuirtkai s fuller rti ci ;icor: t.1,11/10:
has been hitherto given of the bold attellli
;,, tile
fortunately T h 'phis
v Ive
European merchantmen would have been 'nv°oet
attempt,
had it
will
i 'tin kbeen re7coetni'le°°,i
in the destruction intended for the Turkish ":
'Pc
only, and the whole town reduced to
roill 5'
.ip
new expedition was preparing with actilsier
and was expected 'to sail at the end of nple
ternber. The accounts from Constgothlveot
come down to the 2d September, and rePres. e
-11 l
the internal state of Greece as still criticl• ot
0 ,
events at Missotonghi and the insurrectio ,I,
,4 01
'
Candra, had inspired the independent Par')
cofir
fresh courage, especially as the latter orsio,
stance was considered as an important diver ft
,go
to stir.l/
and 1,600 men had sailed from Ifydra
the insurgents. The following are extracts:o,re
" ALEXANDRIA, SEPT. 22.--0/1 the 10th Augut 1, gsfe
o'clock in the afteinoon, the advanced post of the pilo;iot
the signal usual on the arrival of ships, that other
threepilots lti,
go out to bring them into the harbour. Soon after,. O5!
gantines were discovered, which at five o'clock h' sled
one a Russian, the second an lonian, and the third 39 ;Ira, ery
an Austrian flag. The first baying taken a pilot nnbt11041111;
tered the harhoui half an hour before the other% and icar ore"
the direction of 'the wind, sought an anchoring, place l'et Drite4:
ral Turkish vess els,two of which were frigates. The otb erc...pit.
tines followed at some distance : all three were Greek ilreeviiecii,‘
The first was soon recognised, and those on board
oPtile WO
this, set it on fire in the middle of the harbour,
French. aildtbr''' 1111:0
ward of 100, European naerchantmen and a t.
jelvviloteri
crew got into their long-boat and ded, leaving :foto/30 ::
board the fire-ship, which burst into flames, liuLostilk7t,
did not explode, perhaps for Want of sufficient CO
c7,l,De otP. ~
passing through the forest took masts it ran agroun lof
bail:, ilb/c;
two tire-ships seeing this flight' a could.%
..„aebe'l' .0
the French brig fired at the lone
succeeded, of the lir: tt :or ivioutto
did not injure it. If this attempt. badsucceedecla,
to°roills'''fi'lee
have escaped, th e tow n would have been reduce
Pro...,cielle, 1 c
~,
sailors and inhabitants have been sacrificed.
s.i've illcorveri,
ever, protected both the EgYP dos and poor/el:1'0o no. et
of,
of Egypt, whO was at Alexandria, ordered
,t 1
the loth, ti.' l'cior
Eillel Aga, to put w sea, on the evellir'g °!erner itild 131,re11/c/
suit of the fireships. On the 11th the 00
second es,.
,iitpf
of the Marine followed with several Or
.the wil°le rc.lbaiierl
Governor in pursuit o: the Greeks. Purntile Greek
c
the lith a heavy cannonade Was heard. i

hay,
sent
to to Damietta a number of small Turkish Merchnant-t
4:115 with the convoy of which they were engaged. The ex
p lnilig a report was spread that the Vice-Governor, instead
came,insteadof
I,llseeeLling towards the side from which the
cannonade
"Itel4teered in the opposite direction to the West. The Vice-
irieensednsed at this, went on board his corvette, la built at
a:
the 12th in the morning to pursue the Greeks.He
I'eGalPtinied by many of his most faithful servants,
A;i°lttn was the Patrons Bey. He left the Governmentamong
to Basega,
4hi:t°BoliTnan Aga (Director of the Customs), and to I
las Aga, other
of the Vice-Governor, making them all subordinate. to
Alb 43
jtISSIIf• On the 13th, the Capitan Pacha arrived a
mezantltia with his fleet : it consisted of 10 frigates, l 0 corvettes,
t44lab'ot 20 brigs and schooners. The absence of the\rcer and
alarmed
thee Inlexpected appearance of the Capitan Pacha,
absence
of
the
Vi,Pe°Ple• The Captain Pacha, ignorant of the
tpr'se°Y' Sent a written application to him for .permissionl to en-
the hatbeur• Three days after his arrival, the Consuls of
04-Piht)teign Powers sent their interpreters to compliment him
to et.,:te 14th, 20 other ships put to sea, and on the 16th other;
gell ein the neighbouring seas. On the 14th, too, the Re-
theeY.lent an English cutter (a merchantman) with letter to
the Viceroy, requesting him to return. The cutter returned
again, 'lay without having found the Viceroy, but was sent
At
Irt:tb. On the 17th the Selietar Aga arrived from
og,--4nn morning of the 20th, the Viceroy returned,, hatra-
-I,4l;:istueha throughrl the'l ciannal, and visited Cyprus and I. au ,
enemy'sused
paid ship. Ile immediately
?et:due 11:onnloetswt.to be to the Captain
.P. atchtiale,
latltleti for the first time the following day.
In
astr::fthe Viceroy the tranquillity and joy of the Nhia'btitants
but .1;61°4'1. The new expedition is preparingactivity ;
01)4thntight it will not sail before the end of withStember."
cattle 484' SEPT. 16.—Our accounts from Constantinopleep
t° t• he 2d. The internal state of Greece was repre-
Pa3elirtted " still extremely dangerous and embarrassedio:none
had Yhtt'es to supplant the other. The events at 31.
raigehni
patty,:eve'', given still more courage to the indep
h,„-Peci'llY as the insurrection in C.:ndia was considered
tail4ll"Ponant diversion. An expedition of 1,600 men had
ttt.
ft°l7lllYdra. to support the Candiots.
Sr. EXCHANGES ON LONDON-.
16.-10.7-3.
ti4lttt'sto, SEPT. 14;
Vq,„l'llt SE PT. 27.—Three months, 6. 22i.
• SEPT. 21.—Three months, 9. 40.
The
throw anneXed extracts from pri letters
war
In
s°llle additional light upon the state of the
Ptit
Greece. The armies under Inanntst
set"d COLOCOTRONI seem hitherto to have
Patlb aS'e Pt in a state of quiescence quite incom-
iov,
l 6 with their condition, the one as an
these ,„
ie-6ts the other as a defending army. By
4t la t e rs, however, it will be seen they have
to
Ast been brought to an engagement, its which
e,lll tak 4111 has been worsted, and part of his artil-
dat The battle took place at Nisi, but no
itll'2.-sgiven. It is needless to observe this in-
Ao4ce would appear to require confirmation,
Tll4".efore we do not warrant its authenticity.
Pren e Chronicle of Missolonghi states that a
cat) ell
shiP has landed at Modon 20 pieces of
Pren°'l°C the army of InitAitim, and that a
41411pci' g°letta) which was attached to the Cap-
-1144 Acß4's
0 nesus and r, et, was cruizing between the Pelo-
(tom. '
"'andia t give information to the
411 s
at
Suda of the movements of the Greek
tett
4141. f
tto, `rotri the Mediterranean of the 12th
caused e"'"
say, that the revolt in Candia has
PA serious alarm to the Turks, and the
shuttihA wh° commands there has been obliged to
(.441415e1f oP in the fort with his troops.
toekial act of a private letter from Ulm, Sept. 27.)—" Com-
-11141 (;°i
ilettets which are this moment come to hand announce,
Nero,
_,°cetroni and Demetrius Ypsalanti have at length
.c
om-
Y. Llefeated Ibrahim Pacha, who has lost a part of hisieaar-
tioti With was endeavouring to re-establish a common -
lSose. jl,rl°4on, and had proceeded towards Nissi for that
Vtg4k, .4t was near that town that the battle took place.";ad teceive4-I'' T. 20.—The Minister of Foreign Affairs
teldtit Constantin- 1 dispatches from Baron Ottenfels,
11.4:Ertec)htian iniportant 'cPmenmunication made to him by the
teats b and to several other Foreign Ambassadors. The
4toeee. have
not transpired, but it is supposed they refer to
/ert.l 4114 communication has caused the departure of se-
gtlCot:plitirs to different Foreign Ambassadors.
announceStr• 3—Letters from Prevesa, of the 26th of Au-
-1,4",000 that Ilissolonobi had received a reinforcement
4114 bY sea, and that 14 Greek ships were in the roads.
tttls
and
teek squadron had attacked the Island of Candia with
Ove4titibof
ee:orurisedsua fortress.s The letters from the Morea
having been gained by the Greeks
k4er tahinl tveheeosseesfather-in-law has been made pri-
nt "4 sent to Napoli, where he died.
itlix".riAN
1: SEPr• 19. Count V. Wetter-
t:ll4.he i'6:„ ter' for Foreign' Affairs arrived here
Arobfi_s' ail(' Count Von Suchlelen, the Rus-
Nuispatel! ador, on the 18th, from. Stockholm._
Pl Oct "es Were yesterday received at the Fo-
Lth "tee f
L.,0 rom Lisbon.
to ass .41°
eParture of Lord STItANGFORD, on his
t°
the
Cof St. P
th% e mac • ourt etersburgb, is fixed
boat J. about the 16th inst. t/st The Glasgow,
h to, A• MAUDE, is fitting up at Ports-
-I)Pted tile
reception of his Lordship, who is
401 Ordoll b"rd on the 14th, with his suite.
113)
ttist.e! in Council has reached the Custtoamt des t
41'4 slil-I."rig the duty on tobacco permanent
.I,is Per pound. The new Act which
a 41e
"ie sth of January, is in respect to
44;'1411/Z(,), duty) annulled.
4 °I)ILL PsQ —The Musical
.World,
.111 eery •
414.,
.ear, onerous body of private
4","1 sincere grief that this admirable.
in excellent man died this morning
the
A' YP4,41 Ilerner's-street. lie had reached
tllti.‘4ll\rlissorr,bis age.
E
114405i.•48 d • • sTta, accompanied by a Gentle-
to e through Fleet-street yesterday,
4itta -'et°cli, the wheel of her chariotbe-
epe4te rlgled with that of a cabriolet, _and a
e °ll4(7;:rtz'ersenzent of the hitter vehicle was
The driver and his fare were
~lgta"ledwith mud, but did not appear to have
-11 Y farther damage.
