THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY)

There are tolerably good supplies this week of most
kinds of Grain, and also of Flour. The unsettled statr.
of the weather causes the factors to ask much higher
prices, but the buyers are not disposed to fellow them,
Wheat cannot be considered mare than Is. to 2s. per
quarter higher than on Monday last. Barley still remains
very dull. Beans and Pease are trnalt,re•l. Oats support
the terms last quoted. Flour remains without alteration.

CORN EXCHANGE.
ARRIVALS.

Wheat.
English
Irish -
Foreign

Barley. Oats. I Flour.
600 qrs. 6,730 qrs. 6,110 sack'
2,500 12,533

- brls.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS I)AY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

We have no arrivals of the least importance, with the
exception of the estafette from Paris, which brings the
French Three per Cents. nearly one per cent. higher, 77f.
80e., owing to a report at Paris that the expedition had
made good their landing on tl.e coast of Africa.
The following is a passage taken from the electoral
decree of the Archbishop of Avignon
" The King has dissolved the Chambers—the fate of

the Monarchy depends on the choice of the electors ; if
they select men acceptable to God, France will be saved ;
if, on the other hand, they give their votes to the favourers
of new ideas, hostile to the Bourbons, sighing after a
liberty which would reduce us to a pitiless slavery, such
as we have before experienced, our noble country will soon
resemble that of Algiers."
A Paris Paper says that the sentiments expressed in the
Royal Proclamation to the electors, are calculated to
assuage the constitutional alarms which it has been sought
with so much perseverance to excite in the minds of the
people, but in their present temper we question whether
the eloquence of St. Paul himself would ensure the retu: n
of what is called a Royalist Chamber. We understand,
however, from authority, that the Ultra candidates, of
whatever Shade or colour, are likely to be defeated, and
that the new Chamber will be composed of Deputies, who,
seeing the danger of pushing matters too far, will consent
to such a compromise as may ensure the permanency of
the real benefits enjoyed by the country.

A private letter-from Berlin says, that a Spaniard has
arrived in the above city- from Siberia, where he had been
sent as a prisoner of war in 1815. He almost completely
forgot his native language. left in Siberia many hun-
dreds of his fellow-prisoners, living in caves, and horribly
mutilated by the peasants of Tartary.
Consols opened this morning at the same price they left
off yesterday, 92i for the account, and soon after were
done at 92i buyers. This was owing to the Pontes coming
higher from 'Paris.
In the Foreign Market liti
sent. Most of the prices are

de or nothing doing at pre-
much the same ai yesterday.
FJNDS
per Cent. 99q
4 per Cent. shut
4 per Cent. 1826, 101%
India Bonds, 78 9
Exchequer Bills, 77 78
FUNDS
Greek, 5114 8
Mexican, 37
Peruvian, 22
Portuguese, GO 1
Prussian,
Russian 1094 10
Spanish, 18 Vi
TWO O'CLOCK

Bank Stock, 215 1G
India Stock, shut

3 per Cent. Cons. shut
Do. for Account, 92% 93
Ditto Reduced, 91yi 92

FOREIG.',s

Brazilian, 734 7 -
Buenos Ayres, 33 35
Chilian, 2:34 29%
Colombian, 23!,
Danish, 734
French 5 per Cent. 103 4
Ditto 3 per Cent. 77;;,

The private letters received this morning from Paris
state the rise in the French Funds is owing to an article
in the Moniteur of Wednesday, stating that every elector
is free to vote for whom he may think proper, by whi..h
will be distinctly ascertained the will and true sen
timents of the nation, as well as their choice in regard
to the Alinistry ; this liberality on time part of the King is
regarded in Paris by the well informed, as a proof his illajaty
will conform according to the wishes of his subjects, by
adopting every conciliatory measure consistent with the
honour of the Crown.

We deem it necessary to inform the public that Prince
Frederick of Prussia, who is likely to be King of
Greece, is not the son of the King of Prussia, but
the son of the Duchess of Cumberland, whose first
husband was Prince Louis of Prussia ; his Royal Highness
was born in the year 1794, and married in the year 1817.
We also understand that the Emperor of Russia has not
altered his sentiments in regard to Greece, and left his
proxy as in the first instance to France; therefore it is
the general opinion that Prince Frederick of Prussia will
be the King chosen to the Crown of Greece.
Although the private letters by the estafette from Paris,
bring a report that the first division of the expedition had
effected a landing on the coast of Africa, we are not
enabled, as yet, to give any confidence to the above state-
ment. When the accounts left Paris, no official informa-
tion bad been received.

The Consol market appears to be looking up: and has
improved to 92 93 for the Account, as according to the
information from Paris the state of affairs is becoming
more calm, and every thing will go off more quietly than
was previously expected. In the Foreign Market business
is nearly at a stand-still, and the prices are nearly the same
as yesterday ; in Shares little or nothing doing.
South Metropolitan Gas 2?-, prem.
7 HREE 0' CL 0 CIS.

Consols, 93.
FOUR O'CLOCK.—CLOSING PRICES.

Consols
Do. for Ac, 92
Brazilian Bonds

Buenos Ayres

DaniF,ll 7:3
Greek, 1523
Mexican, 1525

Peruvian

Chilian Do. 1 Russian
Columbian, 1824, 23 1 Spanish 1811

SPORTING INTELLIGE NCE.

HAMPTON RACES

The races yesterday were of a superior character, and
afforded ten good heats; the assemblage, too, was at least
double, and so numerous that Mr. Farrall experienced
more than ordinary difficulty in keeping the course clear
during the time of running. Mr. Scott Stonehewer per-
sonally exerted himself in this respect, and forcibly ejected
two or three who broke through the regulations; the show
of fashionaldes was also much greater.
The running yesterday commenced at one, and termi-
nated at half-past six o'clock; as follows:

The Coburg Stakes of 5 sovs. each, with 15 added; the
winner to be sold for 100 gs. &c. To start at the half-
mile-post, and go once round.
Mr. Itarnsbottom's ch. f. Timandra
Lord Itanelagli's Queen of Hearts 1 3 3
Mr. Boult's Benefit
Mr. Stuchbury's Blue Bonnet 2 0 dr
Mr. Stonehewer's Aranda 0 odr
Mr. Coleman's Little Gift
_.. 0 dr

First heat.-5 to 2 agst Timandra, and 3 to I agst
Queen of Hearts. Little Gift made running to the turn,
where Queen of Hearts went up, was n..:ver after headed,
and won cleverly by a length.
Second heat.-2 to I on Queen of Heartq, who made
play at the distance, followed by Timandra and Benefit;
these two then came out, and made a tolerable race home,
Timandra winning by a length and half. _

Third heat.-3 t,) 1 on Timandra. Benefit was in front
to the distance where Timandra let loose and won very
easy—rode by a lad.
Handicap Sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, and 30 added ; the
winner to be sold for 100 gs. &e. Heats from the dis-
tance post, once round.
Mr. Payne's ch. f. by Whisker.
Lord Lowther's Verdict `) 0 2
Mr. Seabright's.Palfrey 1 2 3
Mr. W. Day's Caradori 3 odr
Mr. Coleman's Little Gift 0 0 dr
Mr. C. Day's ch. f Chapeau de Paille

Won very cleverly—the heats were tolerably wel con-
tested, but did not possess any interest—the winner was
rode by a lad named Natt. The winner was claimed.
The Gold Cup, by subscriptions of I 0 sovs. each ; the
winner to be sold fix 250 gs. &c. Heats a mile and half.
Lord W. Lennox's Miss Craven 1 3 1
Sir G. Heathcote's Lyric
Mr. Stonehewer's Ahnaviva 2 2 3
Lord Lowther's Marinette
A Sweepstakes of lOs ovs. each, I Ist. each. T Y.C. To be
rode by Officers of the Household Brigade, or Members
the Goodwood or Heath Park Racing Clubs. The win-
ner to be sold for 501. &e.
Mr. Corbett's b. g. Zodiac 1
Mr. M. Ricardo's br. g. Spectre
Mr. Cosby's b. in. Christine
