in the hands and under the control of 0-. e prieLt-
hood, so that superstition may be nourishEd and
knowledge suppressed. They would use education
to drill the people into slavery, and would stop it
whenever it ceased to answer their detestable pur-
pose. The Obstructives are the enemies of educa-
tion, and opposed to the progress of knowledge.
Free trade is another principle which modern
science has successfully demonstrated, and which
has made progress all over the world. It is,
as the Spectator says, the theoretical creed of
nations, and in the way to become their practical
creed also. To this principle the Obstructives set
themselves in opposition. There are some Whigs,
unfortunately, who oppose the repeal of the Corn-
laws, but the Tories oppose it as a body. They
are afraid of the holy and sacred, even the Divine,
principle of freedom of trade, and would crush in-
dustry, and starve the people, to gratify their fears
and their hatred. They would deal with sugar and
corn on the same principle, and would keep up a
monopoly, and perpetuate slavery, in accordance
with their principles, and to preserve their dominion.
They are the enemies, too, of self-government,
though the progress of political science has demon-
' strated that no Government can so well manage the
people's affairs as they can manage them
themselves. So the Tories oppose one measure
which goes to give such a Government, though
it be partial and imperfect to Canada, and another
. measure which extends that principle to Ireland.
They are afraid of both countries ; and resist the
union of the former, because they wish to nourish
the disputes and hatred which exist between the
English and French races—and resist the extension
' of freedom to the latter, because they thrive on the
dissensions between the Orangemen and the Ca-
tholics. To the extension of self-government,
or political freedom, they are as decidedly opposed
as to free trade and the diffusion of knowledge.

Within these few years, a strong desire has
arisen to see religion set free from political
shackles. The voluntary system, the offspring
of free discussion, is every where making pro-
gress. Fredom of religion, and the separation
of Church and State, is in truth the corollary of
freedom of trade and of political freedom. To
this principle, too, the Obstructives are opposed ;
and while the progress of society, reasoning from
the past to the future, clearly indicates a diminu-
tion of the power of the priesthood, the Obstruc-
tives essay to enlarge and extend it. On all these
great principles they are in opposition to nature ;
and their rule, should they ever again rule, must
be most disastrous.
We see its mischief beginning. Ireland is dis-
contented, and the bread-taxed people of England
LordwrHat
egirloewd,l
and
dth slumberingsilnul
Ah . Canada D
wc R
E
will kindle anew there the flames of rebellion.
suisccettetrle,at
he.
Dissent is alarmed by the arrogant demands of the
Church, and is marshalling her legions in opposi-
tion. Place the Obstructives, in office with STAN-
LEY, PEEL, LYNDHURST, and EXETER as their
leaders, and the course of society, the laws of na-
ture, will throw into discontent or rebellion three-
fourths of the community. Such will be the con-
sequences of the Tory policy, and the Whigs will
wait as long as they can for their development
before they appeal to the country against the return
to power of such an arrogant, ungodly faction.
The principles of the Obstructives, should the
electors be so foolish as to place them in office,
would speedily dismember the Empire, and make
it the prey of war and anarchy.

Hamburgh Papers of the 3d inst. bring advices
of the 30th ult. from Hanover, stating that Dr.
GRAAFE, who was to have performed an opera-
tion on the eyes of the Crown Prince, was seized
with brain fever, and was delirious. The opera-
tion will not, therefore, be performed this summer.
The Emperor of RUSSIA has returned to St.
Petersbuigh, after his ramble through Germany.
Russia has established a lazaretto at St. George,
on the left bank of the Danube, with a view, if pos
sible, to cripple the navigation of the river. For-
tunately the power of Russia extends only hall
across the stream, so that heavily-laden vessels can
pass unmolested on the Austrian side. But it wili
not be long before an application is made to Princ
METTERNICH to establish a lazaretto on the op-
posite bank, and therefore no time should be lost
by our Government in obtaining a guarantee
against such an interruption of the trade of tha'
river.

We see by a Leeds Paper, that the grocers of
that town held a meeting last week, and raised the
price of sugar one penny per lb. More sugar is
required at this time for the preservation of fruit
than at any other period of the year. The crop,
too, of such fruit as is generally preserved by
sugar, is, we believe, unusually abundant, and
much of it will probably be spoiled or
wasted by the dearness of sugar, and the
shortness of the supply. Now this must be a great
injury to many persons, and those who have fa-
milies, or who have seen in country-houses the
frv:vdintefirupitimil-
dings and winter desert, which will be caused bys
many
applied, gratefuli will
fee ul
asneds
to
regret w
the loss pre
preserved
the present dearness of sugar.
We hope the landowners and farmers will espe-
cially notice how they will be injured by this.
At present the fruit-growers of Kent, Sui-
sex, Middlesex, Surrey, &c., &c., have peti-
tioned the Legislature for a higher protect-
ing duty than they at present enjoy. Now
if sugar were cheap, and fruit could he cheaply
preserved, they would get a better price for their
rapidly perishable production, and home-grown
preserved fruit would enter more into competition
with the dried fruits which are imported towards
the winter. The want of sugar will therefore cause
in winter an increased consumption of raisins
and currants, while the fruit-growers will now
get a very low price for their cherries, cur-
rants, gooseberries, and raspberries. So injus-
tice, began by the landlords and supported by the
farmers, countenancing one another, works back on
themselves, and drains their own pockets, or blights
their own hopes.
. .

HAMBURG BOMENHALLE, JULYS.
Lilts. Money.
Atibtrian 5 per Cents. -
~vires

.„.
Anelo-nocifan Loan .. It;IN 109%
ItuAsizn 5 per Cent. l.st series, Certificate
Inscription, Ist SCIPS ...• 103 g
iillS6.ll 3 per Cent. Hop: and Co. 3d and 4th
Scii, s
Ditto in Certificates
Dutch :-.ctual Debt, 2Y4 pc Cent. 52.4 52
Ditto 5 per Cent ffh --
Polish Bondi;
Ncw I icket
Aiiglii.l)affish Loan, 3 per Cent 76 75%
Norwegian Loan, 18:31, 4 per ern:...
Spanish, New .3 per Cents. 2l3q -
EXCHANGES O LONDON.
HAmnutto, JULY 3.-13. 6!4—Two months, 13 434.
ntaisTlANtA. JuNc 24 —Three months. 4 88.
I.E.ieste, JUNE :-'9.—Two mo ths, 0. 133 i.
STOCKIIOLNI, JUNE 2...—Seventy-live days. 11, 401
BERLIN, JUNE 30. —Three months, 6. 111.6

The Flanders Mail received last night brings no
news of importance. The Belgian Funds on S:.-
turday, the 4th of July, ware as follow :
. .cntal Deist, 5 per Cent.
Itothsdiild's Loan, 5 per Cr:nt 113;4
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent.
Thirty-seven
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 99%

We apprehend that the price of sugar has not
reached its maximum. A Correspondent at Liver-
pool informs us that the stock in hand now of our co-
lonial sugar is 25,270 tons less than last year, while
the whole of the foreign sugar in the kingdom is only
12,890 tons, or about half enough to supply the
deficiency. In 1839 the quantity of our colonial
sugar imported into London, Liverpool, Bristol,
and the Clyde, was 88,480 tons ; in 1840 it was
only 72,920. The deliveries at the same ports in
4t
hoe, 96;660
andtonsimports
the former year By2a,9BcOnmtpoanrsis; IfB
co
mparison of
deliveries showing,of
ieb the two years, a larger deficiency,
namely, of 29,240 tons, in 1840, than is shown
by comparing the stock. With this short supply, and
the price of West Indian brown sugar at 603. at
Liverpool, while foreign can be bought at 21s.
or 29.5., the reader will not be suprised to learn
that the high protecting duty, said by Mr.
Nl‘Cut.Locu to amount to a prohibitory duty,
has been paid on some foreign sugar. The
monopoly price is raised so exorbitantly.
that the difference of duty, no less than 395.,
the cwt., is not equal to it, and foreign sugar can
pay the difference, and be brought in for home
consumption. We may state, therefore, that now
40s. at least per cwt. is the sum levied by the plan-
ter's monopoly, which Mr. O'CONNELL and Dr.
LUSHINGTON are so desirous to uphold, cn the
sugar consumed by the people of England. Such
a tax to enrich the planters, added to the corn-tax
to enrich the landlord, i, we believe, as our Corres-
pondent states, quite enough to drive the people to
desperation. A dearth of sugar and a dearth of
corn eoming together, make the taxes levied on both
by the unjust lawmakers quite unbearable.

The Madrid Journals received are of the 28th
ult. They state that on several points a very
considerable number of Carlists have subwit,ed
to the Queen's Government ; which the Sara-
gossa Journals also state : that during the month
of June more than a thousand Carlists present, d
themselves at Mo'ina, and in the province of Cu-
enca. SERRADORI one of the chief officers of the
army of CA B RE R A ,has made his submission to Col.
BIRCH, with 400 men ; 600 have also arrived at
Teruel, and more than 200 at Valence ; and to
prevent the movements of CABRERA in Navarre
and Upper Aragon, General O'DONNEL has cs
tablished his head quarters at Saragossa ; where
he arrived on the 26th, with a division of infant7y
and cavalry. It is also announced that the Duke
of VITTORIA is in march at the head of forty
batallions, in pursuit of CABRERA, who was in
person at
.Berga, but his whole force were assem-
bled in Cerdagne, near the frontiers of France,
where, perhaps, he has entered by this time.

The news contained in the Paris Journals of
Su: day is not important. In the course of this
week the Duke and Duchess DE NEMOURS are to
anive in London, on a visit to our Gracious SO-
VEREIGN and her illustrious Consort. The period
of their Royal Highnesses' stay i❑ this country is
not fixed.

Accounts from Penang to the 12th of April
state that great exertions were being made there to
secure supplies for the China expedition. Upwards
of 1,100 head of cattle, and an abundant sup-
ply of other live stock, exclusive ot bread and
flour, fodder, and other requisites, have been
purchased and collected for shipment to Singapore,
in vessels which have been chartered for that purpose.
Mention is also made of a subsequent date ot
390 head of cattle, with large quantities of fodder,
having been sent to Singapore. So great has
been the
demand and so eager are the people to
meet it, that the price of every necessary of life had
,
increased in the bazaar, and the rates of carts
and ccolies here have been doub!ed ; among the
labourers in 11,3 spice and other garde: a a strik
took place, as the men had found the cutting
of grass a far more profitable employ.

.- ---,---
Letters from Al---exandria, of the 18th ult. State,
the the insurrection in
Syria, which at first
threatened the renewal
of a civil war against
the
NIEHEMET ALI, was suppressed without diffi-
culty. Accordino to 0"
writer, it ,A as wholly
confined to ° whom IBRAHIM
PACIIA, after enrollin,, among the militia, ordered
to be deprived cf their arms on some suspicion
being Whispered of their loyalty' This they re-
sente% alleging, that though Christians they were
Maronites,
as loyal, and as worthy to be trusted as their
Mussulmen countrmen ; whereupon, finding that
they could not obtain
a hearing, they openly re-
volted against the Viceroy, and declared them-
selves the subjects of the Sultan. But on the
first intelligence that IBRAHIM had taken the
field against them, they became terrified, laid down
their arms, and returned quietly to their respective
homes. The correctness of this report is not, however,
borne out by the movements of the Viceroy at
Alexandria, whither be returned on the 14th from

. The Commercial Treaty between France and
Great Britain, which was ready to be signed, is
suspended, in consequence of material modifications
which at the last moment the French Government
thought proper to claim. What these modifica-
tions were we are not correctly informed, but we
understand they consisted of an increase of duties
upon some articles, and a decrease upon others, to
an extent which completely changed some of tit?
man provisions of the treaty. This is very unfor-
tunate, and will disappoint the hopes of a large
class of enterprising traders in both countries.
A telegraphic despatch announces the safe arri-
val of the Spanish QUEENS at Barcelona.

The Chainher of Peers on Saturday passed all
the Railway Bills, with the exception of the Paris
and Rouen Bill, the last reading of which was fixed
for Monday.
We have received the following letter from Berlin,
dated the 20th of June

" The King has received a deputation from the town of
Posen. Most of the members composing it were Roman
Catholics. The King received them very graciously, and
told them that ho hoped he should soon bs bblo to turn
his attention to the means of putting an end to religious
differences.

" The most important news that we have here is that
of the appointment of e Commission, which is to draw up
the outline of a treaty of commerce, to be concluded be-
treer, Russia and Russia. M. do Casserin (the Russian
Minister of Finance) has had several conferences with our
statesmen, and the Russian Ambassador in this city will
conduct, according to the instructions of his Government,
importantthis negotiation. M. de Casserin is going on a
political mission to Vienna. and will afterwards return to
Berlin, to conclude the whole affair.•

" The complaints of the mereilanis of our Baltic pro-
vince have been strongljrepresen.ed to the Emperor. Let
us hope that the conditions of tile treaty will be as advan.
tageous to us as people believe. Russia is now endeavour.
ing to draw Austria into the same system. You will per-
ceive the political consequence. Mr. de Rochow, our Mi-
nister of the Interior, is the most active promoter of this
new treaty of cammerce.—Le Commerce.
The Sentinelledeg Pyrene's of the lit Jul) says—Yes.
terilay 63 refugee officers left Bayonne for ►he Interior.
" This morning 60 other offieLirs and 590 soldiers set out
for Dax. Those who remain are likewise to quit Bayonne;
they will be sent to Dax, Saint Sever, Mont-de-Marsan,
and Orthez, where they will wait for the amnesty which

Cairo, one day after the arrival of the intelligence tle Fr net; Govcrhme-nt is GI to hove asked of the—sprs—
of the pacification of Syria. 0,1 the contrary his f ni9izYes
e
vcr nem t.
rt.i ly some refugees arrived,
Highness ordered nine ships of the Turkish fleet << 13 d,rmaseda, when he entered France, had not 4,00
to take in provisions, and to proceed with a rein-
men with him, but only 200, and 140 horses.
forcement of 16,000 men for IBA A HIM'S army to " A letter from Pau tells us that the Minster had given
the Syrian coast. Four regiments were also on orders to arrest Balmaseda, and send him to Bayonitn;
their march overland from Cairo. Only three days but that M. Duchatel, our prefect, of his own authority
i sent him mmedir.tely to Paris.
previously (the 11th) four Egyptian frigates, three «It is said that the Spanish Government, or at least
corvettes, and several small craft, laden with provi- certain authorities, call on France to give up Balmaseda ,
sions and military stores sailed from Alexandria to slat he may be punished for the crimes which he has COM-
mitted, or caus'd to be committed at different places."—
the coast of Syria. Now all these preparations are
incompatible with the repose of Syria, unless the Le Constitutionnd
Viceroy has made up his mind to risk a hostile
advance upon Constantinople—a measure which
the European residents at Alexandria deem more
probable than we do. Indeed we do not think it
possible that MEHEMET ALI, who has hitherto
acted with such consummate tact, should suddenly
adopt a resolution which would terminate inevita-
bly in his utter destruction. Our impression,
therefore, is that the reported pacification of Syria
is unfounded—that the revolt was not confined to
a handful of Maronites—and that knowing the
disaffection that prevailed among the raw troops
raised in the neighbourhood of Cairo, where
the life of his grandson, ABBAS PACHA,
has been repeatedly in danger, MEHEMET Al.l
did not dare to snake known in Egypt the danger
which threatened his sovereignty in Syria. In fact
a correspondent writing from Constantinople,
under the same date as the letters from Alexandria,
informs us that news had reached that :capital that
the whole of the Druses had risen against IBRA-
HIM in Syria. The greater part of the Egyptian
army had been compelled to retire to Beyrout,
while SCLEYMAN PACHA was actually besieged
in Sidon.
Our advices from Constantinople, which are of
the HAI ult., add but little to the news of the same
date from Alexandria. They are very sanguine
upon the subject of a pacific arrangement between
the SULTAN and the VICEROY, but they report no
new fact from which we could confidently deduce
such a conclusion. It appears that on the
first rumour of the removal of the army of
southern Russia to the Circassian coast, some
slight symptoms of alarm were manifested lest
IBRAHIM PACHA should suddenly advance upon
Constantinople, but the si;nultaneoua revolt of the
Druses in Syria restored public confidence. If
such a fear be entertained, why not open the Bos-
phorus to the entry of the English and French
fleets ? With the combined squadrons of England
and France riding in the basin of the Golden Horn,
Constantinople may bid defiance to the approach of
any enemy. This is the only security against the
sudden surprise of the Turkish capital, which every
honest supporter of the independence and the in-
tegrity of the Ottoman empire would prefer seeing
environed by the army of the Viceroy than nomi-
nally protected by the barbarian hordes of Russia.
RESCHID PACHA was proceeding with vigour
in his great work of purifying the Administration.
Several Governors of Provinces were tried before
the Council of Justice, found guilty of cruelty and
extortion, and sentenced to the galleys for I;fe.
The young Sultan zealously seconded the efforts
of his reforming Ministers, and daily gave proofs
of his earnest desire to ameliorate the c_ndttioo o
his subjects. Lord PONSONBY was in the worn
possible humour with Austria, whom lie accused o
playing a double game with respect to the Oriente
question.

REPRESENTATION OF SURREY.-Mr. Long or Sr
D. Barclay will stand for Surrey on the Liberal in-
terest, in consequence of the vacancy occasioned in the
repres,ntation by the death of Lord Arden, and the
ac.2ession of the representative of Surrey to that title.
LORD STANLEY'S BlLL.—Theyoung and hungry Tory
M.P.'s, whose hopes had been blown up by the bellows
of the Times, Post, and Co., are extremely angry with
Lord Stanley, for giving it up. " Why," they ask,
" have they been kept in town attending the House most
diligently night after night for a whole mouth, only to '
give up the Bill after al! ? Lord Stanley might have
given it up a month ago, and not troubled us to attend
the House for nothing. We care nothing for his Bill,
but much f,r place ; and he withdraws it only to ei:ap-
pint us ?" There are others besides the Tory Members
of Parliament who are crsappointed by the proceedings
of last night. Sir R. Peel's renewed recommendation
of the Canada Government Bill is felt to be a severe
slap on the face for the Tory Peers, (who propose to
thwart him and his party.by throwing out the Bill. If
they take the slap as it was meant, it will probably
teach their Tory Lordships better manners than to
oppose their own leader. The Bill will in that case pass.
Parliamentary Electors in Cities and Boroughs, enti-
tled under the Reform Act, will lose their votes for time
next year, unless they pay on or before the 20th day of
July all the poor's rates (and window tax, it any) paya-
ble from them in respect of their premises previously
to the 6th day of April. Country voters must send in
their claims on or before the 20th day of July.

THE MARKETS-(THIS DAY.)

COLONIAL MARKETS.

There was little business done for home use by private
treaty, and the public sales were unimportant. The arr.vals
are on the increase, still they are not of much moment. Raw
sigar was held very firmly ; but the grocers appear to be full
for the prose it. A few sales took place in Ruin, and some-
what hightr prices were realized.
TEA MARKET.

The business was confined to the bare wants of the consu-
mers, but no further reduction ;,00k place in prices. Company's
Cungou could not be obtained lower than Is. I. frr cash.
The stock is large, but the deliveries are very good.
TALLOW MARKET.

No alteration occurred in the price of th's article, but holders
remained firm, though the transactions were of a trivial cha-
tacter.

WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKET.

There was a small supply at market, and having a good de-
mand prices were rather higher. Old Clover 5/. 10s. to 6/. ;
new ditto, 31. 103. to 41. 10s. ; Meadow flay, 3/. 104.
to 41. 15i.; new ditto, 2/. 15s. to 4/. ; Straw, 353. to 36s
per load.
