interests, who would all lament tie good old abuses. 1,
Methuen treaty was nearly over ; and port and prej°4
were almost done for.
Earl STAN HOPE disclaimed all wish to t
embarrl
his 3lejesty's Government. No such embarrassment
be apprehended fry m the House at large. Such wag t.
base servility of Parliament, that it was always fi'ul:
ready to support his Majesty's Government, of wh,l
ever it might he composed. The Noble Earl proceed
defend tGR he Meth
aid the uen treaty.
Natr,mtlidiets iE:,rdlislpiaodsittoailteetio eofneilbleirb,r;
servility of Parliament
his Majesty's Government, of whomsoever it nigh
i
composed. The moment which the Noble Eitr
chosen for this remark was rather an odd one, ndten
months had elased since the decision of Parliarnen
placed the Noble Duke where he now was, and had r,;10;
hint (Eell Grey) to his present situation. to;
Duke charged his Majesty's Government with aTgliree°
in peliey. He (Lord Grey) was one of those wh" o
with the Noble Duke that it was highly desirable to malttt
taro friendly relations with Portugal. But why w:eo
present proceeding to preclude this? Ile g!°:erol
conceived that Portugal would sustain much inJuritl
the relinquishment of the treaty. The addition to),
duty on port wine was so small, that he doubted if it ;1,
materially affect the consumption in this country.. bio
trade with Portugal had, for some time, been din-141,1"ot
in coils. quence of the vex visa's conduct of the cerY
art
Gimp my, the existence of which was a breach of the
~NeVelmuenhtylt! hterearttylawa
relations of
sorn n
fi ,e,oir to,
il:ie,,tr
eheanefdl
politics arc
c.orse between the two countries. He was not I'rl pop'
with documents to show the effect of the new regniioi
if they should be adopted ; but he believed that the
ihi
Duke and the Noble Lord were mistaken is supposi'gret
they would reduce the advantages of our trade with, e
weal so low. In his opinion the revenue would le
' creased by them considerably for the two next Year'' ter
much more thet ceforth. He was persuaded that
would open a great advantage to the general Counnercoe,cr
the country. But the Noble Duke said that "'°,
risking not only our commerce with our ancient all”d.
our commerce with the whole Peninsula. 11 o I,hevol'
not knew. Our communication with the Sparu,'", tie?
was direct. The Noble Lord said, that if the ve
treaty stood alone, there could be no doubt that we° oil
be warranted in doing what we had done. The ittl'es'n s
therefore, was, whether by the treaty of 1810 such tee
teration was made in the Methuen treaty as deprivep
the right which by that Methuen treaty we enjoye"
Methuen treats, remained unseteed by the sub96„isee
treaty, to which the Nob e Lord referred, and We reit
68
all the rights under it which we had before. 11°tAsebe
been qualified by that treaty would be best discus'''. Bt
the measure came in a proper shape before then' ,
ve
it had been said that the best expounder of a tretYa
the maker. That observation had been fully eq°sl' f
his Noble and Learned Friend on the Woolsack. aOS
maker was the best expounder, it must he recollecteo,oo
there was a maker also on the part of Portugal. it alf
be requisite to have the Portuguese expounder, 1°1;k
exposition might perhaps be as good as that of the o{4
Viscount. But what would he the effect if both °I are
happened to differ? What it would have been 3r6ttel
pretty clearly when the dispute arose about the tcseo
Wine Company, time support of which he bad to re Pte
as a breach of faith. Tee Noble Lord then stated 'OW!:
Portuguese Minister that he had intended to lia"tieit'
duced a clause for putting an end to it, but saw id°
was opposed by people of great influence so violent; the.
he had no such clause specifically introduced ;
the Noble Viscount proceeded to argue that the ',,hic)
guese Government were bound by a atipulatiot,la2`
he had not dared to propose. The answer g'
he was ashamed of British diplomacy when he ea- se'
that an agreement implied consent and knowledgetA
that when the Noble Lord admitted that such 3 aunt
had been omitted, he thereby admitted that it Wlshst
the treaty—that e had toll the Noble Viscount what
Wine Company could not be abolished. This W3saisri
negociation to be applauded, and yet this was tbe „
model of diplomacy who now told their LordshiP: ofooß
the honour of the country was touched by its prese°-00'
of proceeding. Front the very first, the vexatione
too'.
of the Oporto Company had been complained of;
had, in our present remonstrances on that subJectere‘
right and jnstice on our side. As to the general PEI, g°`
the subject, it would be best discussed when it can'',
rally before them. In the meantime, be would
we had a strict right to do what we were d°441015.
there was little doubt but it might be done without
lope
ctoiot.he iTnotertebsrteseooff tthheesceouinnottriyo,nesterhap:imlni toicoalbr c°, • V
ectiO
iter
rs
f
as
the
et
Viscount
i)tsia
persisted,ic. 0:iIII::
aitytn:
complying
sieAole
G(atutethrFr,
eis:Hgth,
iivi,pouesnns relativee:amna .(its fe
h tehTtteoaa
Ngktuehonoti
:sit
let
hOp.eo 10
pi
fotui
tau
Viscount himself could hardly help feeling the inlifriscall'
of
t
it
ORD lamented that oet
ever have been said by the Noble Earl or any one,.„e1000
he felt ashamed at the manner in which British °III3
had suffered in his hands. He had nothing to d°
ol
treaty of 1810. It was not correct to say that b_,ehice4
dared to propose to get a specific article intru-s 01'
abrogate the Methuen treaty. He had tried, ,b,ujor
not get it effected. Notwithstanding what his
Learned Friend on the Woolsack had said respecog
speaking in Feist/ of the Bourbons, he had said 11°3 Os'
favour of their policy, which, on the contrary, ha hip'!
most reprehension. The acquaintance betweelieeed
and his Noble and Learned Friend had conat°,e.:ieg
years ago, when they were brother secretaries, a'
ghy
gether like Helena and Hermione—(A loud laufc'roof
this same Court of Lisbon. He had been lessAi, '0
than his fellow-labourer, whom he remenober`-t
days of his youth and innocence—(A
he recollected certain illustrations of West India „.
in 1806, and beard the subsequent opinions of Cy
and Learned Friend, he did not despair, ict-eef
another twenty-five years, of hearing, in 185V'-
„gor
alteration of views as to West India slavery an
well as respecting our relations with Portugal.
Le- 00
The LORD CHANCELLOR declared that b'
aware that he had ever changed his views eit
West India slavery or West India sugar. god
• The three first motions were put and carrion
other was negatived without a division.
Adjourned at Half-past Eleven o'clock.

141,
110 USE OF COMMONS, FE,OO-
Ce"'
CARLOW ELECTION. ors or'
Mr. PORTMAN brought up the report a1,,,,11011
mittee on this election, which declared Lord peg'
the sitting Member, duly elected, but that tbetiogo'
against his return was neither frivolous nor 013 or
WIGAN ELECTION. tbe ,t,er
Mr. R. PALMER brought up the report 0'„ Oty
mittee on this election, which declared the sitti*'
duly elected.
WEXFORD ELECTION.
MrCLIVE brought up the report of the " ••-d v
le
.- i
this election, declaring Mr. Wigram, the sittinY
not duly elected, but that Sir Charles Deeritig
elected. tted
The Clerk of the Crown was ordered c° tl
House to-morrow to amend the return.
tol
The Sheriffs of London presented a pctitiot; vto,
Lord Mayor, Aldermen, arid Common GO"
for an alteration in the bankupt laws. 11titi;frol'
The prayer of the petitionr ,
was supported "'‘tiorl)
Wood arid Waithman, Mr. S. Smith, 31'.nte,l'ititi'
and Mr. O'Connell.—lt was ordered to be Prll,r r,
Alderman THOMPSON presented a sial:)etiticplA
m fro the merchants, &c. of Loudon. Th
ide r ' ohe ro'
more than 1,500 signatures. He was _ o
Lord on Vie Woolsarde was about to introdoe.tiop
on the subject, as it would afford great batisfA''
5
country. for -

Several petitions were presented praying 'P'
fast. 000,0,,,, 1114,,,r,
Mr. SHAW resented a petition from lkir'doell' b tl'ikl
of Dublin, praying the House to . I) t° e -Nt
put a sto h
(Great laughter.) „pliti'lr''' a),'4l j
The Hoe. AlEmnErt presented another ripiir:loo., ,iqic
2601irn. jr:triMtriOerO, Dstapterdes
Mr. J. Smith, of Dublin, praying that thw, 1,90"0 ' ks'lter
:iament might be held alternately in Dublin anooo,,,,oper b*l
Wiltshire, for a Reform in Pailli Th t• 1.1',,,e,i911 the °I ;Zl)''
two Members to that House, the franchise Wa of ft, 'il
elusive hands of six burgesses, the creatureg , e sa° ii.t;l:
Earl, who thus appointed whom he pAeneas" to t'l ion 41:` `
The HON. MEMBER also prrsented petition° polatci lii k.nr,
effect from Stockport, which t'eclared that a i5)„,4,, ~ t ~,,,
1,,
not less than 9M,000 . inPenn pelsons in tlae jus ~„r, tif „
no representatives in that House • and fr°°ll,,iba"-ith f of :,q
ftft(ile,ll,,,,r,oaeidestr,t
bti. faience
tti.rait.atuori
Palmer)
r(ati:olttillepicicon,
five other places in Lancashire, for the vote ,' ri, 01;roti' p`4
Mr. H. PALMER could not let the Petitil:hontoori, totlitli'l
te:atetdtiaiot,i)geahtition frorn ,- oei,.-orr,
i,,,t,
lull measure of. ~t hi
won (I il
Mr. J. WOOD entertained, in enni On CO 44
ro be ct
honest reformer in the empire, the most rlidoct
for the Earl of Radnor, whose holitical cv
litliNe'leorutit)::(l',o)l: af.fli",ecto)igrti
ifnuehmi county hou'otite,eni'fitiapnb),:,:d°, dro(Rs'ioluel
..:I,rlif',gliutmiael(rr"
tnmu:da'd.tie,tetir
niPa'e°"eielrie:jsili rbel!el ii,:ef:°:::ltirr:",.:li.ol-- -.:;:fisot
li 1 Irv- 4:4 llhb'e 1:- 1 3
ii,j'eoccfberp,p), ~
i llii
tti.lll 'hug
':7,4,,,
