DEPARTURES.

Mr. and Mrs. Hyde Clarke and Miss Mostyn, from Gould's
(late Hitchcock's) London Hotel, Albemarle-street; Mrs.
Quick and family, from ditto, for Switzerland ; Lady Eliza-
beth Murray INPGregor and Miss M`Gregor, from ditto; B.
Flounders and Miss Flounders, for Dover; Reverend C.
Murray and Miss Grove, for Bath ; Hugh M`Queen, Esq.,
for Scotland ; Captain and Miss Byng, for Brighton ; the Duke
of Norfolk, yesterday, for his scat, Arundel Castle, Sussex ;
the Duchess of Cannizzaro, from Hanover-square, to her seat,
Wimbledon Common, Surrey, Colonel Tynte, M.P., from Hill.
street, for his seat, Halswell.house, near Bridgewater, So-
mersetshire ; the Bishop of Worcester, for Hartlebury Castle,
Stourport ; Mr., Mrs. and Miss Pristley, from Raggett's Hotel,
Dover-street, for Halifax ; Mr. and Mrs. Page, from Crawley's
Hotel, Albemarle-street, for Herts ; Miss Elliot, from ditto,
on a tour ; Mrs. and Miss Brett, from ditto, on a tour ; the
Marquis and Marchioness of Abercorn, from Belgrave-square,
on a •isit to the Duke of Bedford, at Endslcigh, near Tavis-
tock ; the Earl and Countess of Chesterfield, from Chesterfield
House, yesterday, for Aslistead, near Epsom; the Earl and
Countess of Wilton, from Grosvenor-square, for ditto; Prince
Czartoryski, for the Continent; R. C. Fergusson, Esq., M.P.,
from Cumberland-place, for Dieppe; Sir Lady and Robert
Peel, from Privy-gardens, for Drayton Manor House, near
Tanaworth ; Sir Wyndham and Lady Anstruther, for the Con.
tinent ; Lord Prudhoe, from St. James's-street, for Paris ; D.
O'Connell, Esq., M.P., from Albemarle-street, for Binning.
ham; the Earl and Countess of Falmouth, from St. James's-
square, for their seat, Tregothnan, Truro, Cornwall; the
Marquis of Bristol, for his seat, Putney-heath, Captain Knox,
for Brighton ; Mr. and Mrs. J. Morton, for their seat, in Nor.
folk ; General Bayley Wallis and Miss Wallis, from Fladong's
Hotel; George Lucas, Esq., and Mrs. Lucas, from ditto; G.
Shewell, Esq., from ditto ; Rev. Mr. Dighton, from ditto ; J.
Hoper, Esq., and Mrs. Hoper, from ditto, for Lewes ; William
Wells, Esq., from ditto, for Redleaf, Tunbridge.

His Grace the Duke of RUTLAND has ap-
pointed JOHN HILDYARD, Esq., of the Midland Circuit,
to the Deputy Recordership of Grantham, vacant by the
late Mr. FYNER CLINTON.

The Right Hon. Sir JOHN NICHOLL, the
Judge of the Arches and Prerogative Courts, has been
appointed Judge of the Admiralty Court, in the room of
the late Sir CHRISTOPHER ROBINSON. This will leave a
vacancy in the two former courts.

EISTEDDVOD AND CAMBRIAN CONCERT.—
This national, charitable, and musical festival was cele-
brated yesterday at the Freemasons' Hall, and a large as
semblage of fashionable and respectable people, all, doubt-
less, glorying in the blood of ancient Britain, of CARADOC
and CADWALLADER, were assembled on the occasion. Sir
W. W. WYNN, as President of the Cymmrodorion, occu-
pied the chief place on the dais, but Lord KENYON acted
as the conductor of the day's proceedings. Between the
first and second parts the prizes were declared. That for
the Ode or Essay, we did not correctly hear which, was
not claimed ; but a silver medal was presented to Alastk r
HnonEs, a boy of six years of age, for his pl iying on the
harp. The concert consisted chiefly of songs, the airs of
which were Welch, and many of them fine. ROBERTS,
the blind harper for Carnarvon, played two pieces of con-
siderable length, one of which, " Sweet Richard ; with
variations," had obtained for him the prize at Denbigh in
1828, with great delicacy and much rapidity of execution.
ROBERTS has a particularly nice hand for the venerable
old instrument. Tne Pennillion is a remarkable sort Of
musical performance, in which vocal bards accompany al-
ternately, " ilment alterna camence," an instrumental
bard. We should not forget the best objects of this fee-
tival—v.z., to contribute towards the Welch Charity
School. At the conclusion of the concert thanks were
proposed and returned to Lord KENYON.
PROTESTANT EMIGRATION.—The number
of Protestants who have emigrated from Ireland during
the last few years is as follows :—ln 1829, 12,000 ; in
1830, 21,000 ; in 1831, 29,500 ; in 1832, 31,500 ;
making a total of 94,000 during the short space of four
years !—Dublin University Magazine.

MAIDSTONE, MAY 21.—During the last
ten days the bines have almost literally been running up
the pules. Several bines in the neighbourhood (,f this
town hive grown no less than ten feet in as many daye_
a quickness of growth, we believe, almost unprecetleut,d,
and only to be accounted for by the very sudden advance
of summer weather. Within these few days the fly
somewhat increased.—Maidstone Gazette.
A FEW DEPREDATORS.—A body of troops
having lately been sent out to artest all persons finis el
committing depredations in the forest near Cassel, soon
returned, bringing with them no fewer than 1,000 pr:-
timers ! —French Paper.

FINE ART g.

THE LAKES. PART XIV. 0011
A very interesting number, containing 5,0
five or six views of the romantic lake see°/),I,
the north of England. The views fillo r`civ.o
water and the little town of Keswick, lose
many pleasant recollections in the minds (7'114
who have travelled amone, the wild, .
scenery of Cumberland and Westmoreland'
GALLERY OF TILE GRACES, pas}
LONDON, 1633,
Contains three engravings, execute- VI
riot's hands, the subjects of which have
selected from the works of Miss Land°'
Byron, and Barry Cornwall. Tile rrtr 4
Aurora, from the Diego de Montilla of th'oi
poet, is a beautiful conception, full of go
beauty.

.010
FINDEN'S I_LLUSTRATIOIa to fl'
PART XIV.
four The
an
dpresentscap
engravings
rt
a,
vib nu
gt
s justn () t
a ll
pibSohretrdafitC,°3ll:);
center] with their accustomed skill and ticehlicio
by the Findens. The portrait is P. 15'
which we are willing to suppose is a good I% bic!l
as it has a fine poetic expression about it, dool,
((so Leigh Hunt assures us) was the P,re, sod
ant characteristic of Shelley's ouni'i-rid
The eye is neither animated nor spark" „d
conveys an idea of wildness and profins
straction. Indeed the whole face sPea
habits of deep, incessant thought. The 004
stapes are various : the best, or at least th:rl
interesting, is that of Diodati, Lord PI
residence on the shores of Lake Lona"'

110,,
SUNDAY IN L ND N.—Los
The illustrations to this volume are in,i-d;ir
Cruickshank's best manner, and have °l3"-Itifr
appearance at a very opportune moment'
cule is a far more effective weapon th3l o:'
went, and will often convince those wil°trort
common sense could reach. Both are Puiiderr
in this volume, but the illustrations "111,0
membered long after the literary strietqc
fat-gotten. Not that the latter are 1111
that the former are more forcible. ertliC: ir?
is no respecter of persons. He is 3 111,°1-t
partial satirist, lashing St. James as vie,„,:io
Giles ; the gin-shops of the poor ego":
the crowded dining-rooms of the vve3itifor
titled. His sketch of the " Gin-temple ittP
out at Church-tithe," though meant to velpsi°
crous, can scarcely be looked at With° I
and horror. It conveys as fine a 190r' 'c
Hogarth's well-known " Gin-lane."
effective, though in a different style;, tischc
" Miserable Sinners," being a lively sle 00,
a pew full of fat, well-dressed folks/ v hock
).
with fat and good cheer. Altogether, this toll
is one of the best of the sort we have Yet
with.

LITERATURE.

FAMILY CLASSICAL Lll3--
pAilf
LONDON, 1883. cllOl.
The present volume contains the coo
lie:,
of the Metamorphoses, together With the
known Epistles of Ovid, which every 41/o
srid,
has by heart. The translations are bY Lerli
hands ; many of them from the spiriteuido.
that master of free, bold versification, Prl
to

UNITED STATES OF CANADA' r
REP. I. FIDLE.R —LONDOY, I, 0.
A pleasant, readable volume, whi,ce fie°
lounges over one moment and forgets hike
The author has no grasp of mind---"°1 one(
powers of observation, though he tells 31
dote agreeably and without parade
rescil
" Stranger's Story" is the most rote
chapter in the volume.

to. s

FR\AveGilki
tEIoN
wTSnotO
aF
mV
00
reYAaaGreE
ea:,
le , h
e,,
traveller thanCaptain Hall—atf ''..el:ii:
ELlii, 1833.1 east
, goss' Ili
political prejudics are not brought hillatC;;:i'''‘'
iieweNt,eelrl,s
aaarerr‘..vha.tiuionemot humorous anecdote wit'. tfl
gusto, bordering on the extravagant:, of POW
Ye '
so much so as to disturb one's sells" 1.5 t),,
tsiijuerleicehprto:a(si.iscceausHislioeineusgsom:uagnhyt
sttoermlinagkereacoginool:iler:etiol:lls:o;l
and riots
taTibiteoioverlayingeubrte at
brains.
niessm. his, su h j in ( escrip
moe:l;cshutta.fcsirliel st.aellialrnnkeiciesssteeisicinlh,g:.ongscettl!ifet°:;:ii:ss,:ietilliei!het;(
account of Si ~,,ter 1,,,1i
gsvivaesitera,s
rbersieidf,enhoutatcrho3:3ls-rilti;i
which gives
sshti;
BhiasrhAalnail.teseonve°Y:ngeecccl:vteoio
asr if they were the mere so- .s vl
justGovernmentla t
the great man, as related by himself t°
ti
Hall, is very amusing. ,t,i011; ilib`
ivpict
had
nhpoao ennsp
atitt
iiih:e..nn edumLe
greatestedßt
nonet Accordingly,g,i
ibeoh,whenynnno
ißegent's
-park.
servant
e theyethrk
way w r was shut; ' 11, . ;'' t to bbl h l ()II
" ' That's something of a compliment el'i P,
orovte.
hadi
oentnto
living
brityving waser sboyinae fiosohdm,olngbe
eri:iioienefvlLondon last It° 111'5 ' i°'
rather
said that altered the matter, and that if a 11:, at
"11iir
with the fish all the from Billingsgate
literary
s o reputation, a tivii o nr,. I
Wordsworth,
know
orNmvmdlansinoowni‘hevoYwiaimrßth:ehtiaetht,dl afsithfoso:,richu7ll:tintallitet;.:e'llti:lll9):,:i'it;:::lj',
• he 6n, ill
well-worn copy of Thom son's Seas°A col
the window-seat of an humble, wayside 0
—"^"-------'-------- ‘,„illi,si°
The 18th Report of the Committee "ro, 1,141:44
Petitions has been printed. From it we ierlie el 3 00i;
favour of the vote by ballot there have bee" P ;or': IP;
session 33 petitions. with 18,876 signature' 51 er,,,,,
an end to the profanation of the Sabbath, 9, Teotior
with 235,754 signatures ; against the7C:aruiroct.s,",ei,ti4groco‘gpii,;;;
ties (Ireland) Bill, 82 petitions, having 4,993 pioo;'.
—these are principally from clergymen ; ''''ntar4
praying further relief, 82 petitions, 15,55° ''.7- ,i",,
the Jewish Relief Bill, 43 peitions, with 412%5 ti (14
against colonial slavery, 2,398 petititions, '''.o, ro/';
signatures; against the house and windowitheorOijdl
tiuns, with 57,155 signatures;
signatures;,,4i lt
alteration
rfr,
tet:
(t, in no" a
gtV.ha'eii tnhsßt2,
e4tri,,2eASscptr,e je2nf ot9 r
signaturesp>h,,ettiet
itio n
go, f
h.c g
rcpoo;i
,i,,,,,
104 petitions, having 62,369 signatures. The of ,i3O;
petit:oP
o,bo cil
call the attention of the House to the
habitants of Pitham, Lincoln, against alaverPjed, 17i ,or
pears to have been written, signatures inelu erol°
person only, though it has the names of 45 P er
1)
1 i'l
11 ,o,'
scribed thereto.
In Bury gaol, last year, there were iso ,o'6
sons confined for poaching—a greater numbed,' twiti4
other prison in tie kingdom, Devizes 3°
excepted.

„_

"

NQh
