SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

EPSOM RACES—TUESDAY.
This meeting commenced yesterday under the stewardship
of the Baron de Tessier and Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr.
Clark officiating as judge, Mr. Farrell as clerk of the course,
and Mr. Perren as starter, with a strong bcdy of police of the A
division, under Inspectors Pearce Hughes, and May, which
force, by the way, is to be largely increased this day. The
arrangements comprehended several improvements already
noticed, and, in other respects, were on the same plan which
has hitherto proved so successful in securing amusement to the
spectators and maintaining order : they were not less effective
yesterday. The weather during the greater part of the day
was wet and cold, notwithstanding which, the attendance was
quite as numerous as can be expected on any day antecedent
to the Derby. The Grand Stand, which has largely increased
ices claims on public support, was, as usual, and as it ought to
be, patronised, by a large number of the nobility, the following
names having been handed to us as a small portion of those pre-
sent in the course of the afteenoon :
Duke of Montrose, Duke of Beaufort, Marquis of Exeter,
Lord Albemarle, Lord Jersey, Lord Verulam, Lord Maidstone,
Lord J. Fitzroy, Lord Villiers, Lord Kelburne, Lord South-
ampton, Baron lie Tessier, Sir F. Johnstone, Sir J. Shelley,
Sir G. Heathcote, Hon. General Grosvenor, Hon. G. S. I3yng,
Hon. Colonel Anson, and Hon. Captain Rous ; Messrs. Payne,
Grevlle, Thornhill, Batson, Shelley, Etwall, Hawker, Greene,
Worrell, J. Bayley, Portman, &e. &c. ,
The refreshment rooms were under the joint superintend-
ence of Mr. Careless, of the New York Coffee-house, Corn-
hill, and Mr. Hare, of the Roebuck, Richmond, whose ca-
tering at former meetings has proved so satisfactory to the
visitors. We have stated that the general arrangements were
on the same system as before, ;and as far as the Stewards and
their subordinates had power, they were made available to
the amusement and comfort of the public ; but the gentleman
who has succeeded to the property of the late Mr. Ladbroke
has not inherited with it his love of sport truly called "na-
tional," or his liberal feeling towards those by whom it is pa-
tronized; he has directly attacked the means of subsistence of
aclaionsnet
otfhietisrantaekieinngt
aita_
several of his tenants by a prohibition
rare-horst, and deprived the Derby day
trattiens M closing the Warren. Thee proceeding, we under-
starlit, has been directed by religious, and we doubt not, con-
scientious motives, but John Bull is an awkward animal
to drive, and so long as racing is legalized by Act of Par-
liament, encouraged by Royal gifts, and sanctioned by the
presence of the great and noble of the land, it may be
fairly questeoned -whether violent measures will not have
a direct opposite effect to that intended. Having ad-
verted to this, as part of our duties connected with the meet-
ing, we Cili assure those accustomed to an annual treat on the
Derby day, that if tecy lose one item of their amusements, they
will gain one that throws that and every other into the shade :.__.
Her Majesty will gratify her subjects by attending, in company
with Prince Albert, and as the visit will be made at an early
hour, it will be neeessery for those who are anxious to get a
" good plate," to " take the road" betimes, and not to dwell
on it in the expectation of a sight of the Royal procession, for.
by so doing they w;11 c, eats a vast deal of annoyance to them_
selves and others, almost to a certainty be disappointed, and,
stale than all, lose the chance of witnessing her Majesty's ar-
rival en the course.
, Ti. following is a return of the racing :---
The Craven Stakis of 10 sovs. each, for 3-year-olds, 6st. ;
4 ars. eel. ; 5 yes. Set. 9:b. ; 6 yrs. 9st. 21b. ; and aged,
9i. :Abe. Last mile and a quarter. 6 subs.
Weikel Wyndhatn's be. c. Pe,tonjee Bornanjee, 5 yrs.
Mr.
(Comely;
Eddison's eh. c. Ruler, 3 yrs. .. ..
:qr. Robertson's br. f. by Augustus. out of Cinderella, 3 yrs 3
The following also et:Jr ted, but were not !laced:—air G.
Ilentheote's b. t. La eielezza, 4 yrs. ; Lord Kelburne's ch. m.
leie,•rteeenee, 5 yrs. ; and Sir. Bond's bl. c. by Clearwell,
out of Nina, 3 yrs.
Bettie;;.-7 to 4 agit the Ruler-3 to I agst Nina-4 to 1
eitee the Atigustas filly (taken)—and 5 to 1 agst La Belezza.
'I he Atigneent filly made the running, followed by La Belezza
ane Peetmece, the Ruler lying fourth up to the distance,
wlitie he joined the Augustus filly, La Bslezza dropping off.
leestereee waited on the two young ones until near the stand,
When et, tStlat up and won cleserly by half a length. The
Augustus filly was a good third.
The Woodeote lettkes of 30 sieve, each, h. ft., for 2-yr-old
colts, ti-:t. 61b, ; an& fillies, est. 31b. New T.Y. C. Three
quarters ci a mile. 4 subs.
Mi. Greville'e br. g. Palr-non (Nat) 1
Captain Garener's ze c. by Sheet Anchor—Lady Fulferd ... 2
illr. Webb's eh. c. by Recovery, out of Minna 3
Mr. Faulconer's ch. f. by Velocipede, cut of Arbis
Itetleinee-7 to 4 on the Sheet Anchor colt, which took the
Lad, followed by the Recovery colt, Palweion lying behind ;
the let:every colt fell off a quai ter of a mile from Lome, and
Paiwieon took his piece ; a few strides from the chair he went
up. and after a ;good race wait the fevourite, won by a neck.
The :sere-ley ettcs et' 91 soy.. each ; for 3-yrs old, eet 71b;
aed fiilies, ett 411). One mile. Five subs. FRO!,I TIII3 MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
Lord Lynedocli's J. ... (Stephensen) 1 (From the Moruing herald.)
Air. Tienres cli c EttZroV.
Air. Teoinhill's illeealipi•e ...
Eh- G. Ileetimote's hi I Butsorah, by' Camel
Bettis-en-11 toil agst Fitzroy (taken), and 7to 4 agst market value. But he did not establish that the distress
Je(fy. Menalippe made the runlet-it; loitered by Bussorah, to which ho allueed, might not be prevented by other
ant' witeie a quareer of a mile of home, wrier:. she gave up. ineene than ens'eration. lie did not, moreover, establish
Jelly felloeed elerialippe and Fitzroy e'en welting orders, chal- e • •' ' , I
that emigration
•woue put a stop to the evils which he
iteie;e a few strides teem Lome, and won by a neck. Mena_-
do cribed. A discussion oil emigration, as an alleged cure
Imp! e reaps table third.
eleie Elpeten Stakes of 5 sovs each, ave.(' a Sueseript:on for the national sufferings, rust, of necessity, prove an
gilded by lice Tense: is front the Fund of not leis than 40 idle discussion, unlese accompanied by an unilinching in-
ecve., 3 yr; old, 7st ; 4 yrs old, est Sib ; syts, Sat 121 b; 6 yrs quiry into the cause, or causes, of the sufferings in Ties_
and ege.d, hat jib ; elates and geldings allowed 3lbs. The no ~ Compulsory emigration is no other than banishment;
eeeoee to save his stake, and the winntr to be sold for 200/ eeti that emigration ie, of necessity, compulsory, which is
it aemandid &c. Mile heats. le subs. caused by inability to
procure employment at home. We
Caete:n Gardoor's b e Barrahhas, 4 yrs (Mann) 1 1 deny that there exists eel reason why the labouring classes
_Air. Bretow's b c Aisderf, 4 yrs ...
2
2
air. Brick's br c elnifller, 5 :es of Ge, at 13, itain should be banished from the land that
0 3 . ;gave them ,firth. Ws as,ny the specifics of the emig IV. V. Kiee's eh f Appleton Lass, 4 yrs s. 0 4 rea ra-
et!r. J. leers b I Canase, 4 yrs
desire to emigrate is es symptom.
Sir G. Heetheote's eh f, by Velociped.e—Stately, 3 yrs :3 ar
Air. 61;1.11re-es eh f, eles Matilda, by Aaron, 3 yrs
First seat.-6 and 7to 4 agst Barrabbas, who made all the Liberel members will find it easy enough to procure
ruments,„enci won clevely by tee. lengths. seemet Heat.—`2 pars just now. It is the Tory game to pair off during
e, lon Barrabbas, who waitee on Alsdorf and Canace to the the betties in eommittee. It is our game to be present
..iistanoe, can past teem, woe in a canter, and was claimed. bodily, and he that is not present in the body will plead in
Tsar, DERBY. , vain that he has been present in the spirit. In the case of
A, fee as we could could ;earn, the start for this race is ax. a measure so fall of iniquitous, unconstitutional, and
pees! to consist of the following horses ; Riders.
treacherous provisions as Lot d Stanley's bill,a full personal
Lureeceveminstere: Lauucelot .
attendance of Tory members in committee is not desirable
Jr. lawall'e c, by Mulatto, cat of Melody J Day jun.
Lord Albemarle's Asseseir E. It de:ards. for their own party, but it is most desirable for ours. The
Duke of Clevelandei Theoll EAT, rota of a Tory rho has paired off with a Liberalwould be
Disko of Cleveland'i Fern cult I Day, a vote in Lord Stanley's favour upon every single section
Lord Keller:n-12es Pathfinder Nelson. cf Lis bill ; it would tel against us on every sirrgle division;
Lord Exeter'; Scutari
Lord Exeter's A entreat:l
fe rG. Heathcot,-es Bokhara Chapple. less he vene a thorough-paced opposition hack, voting
Sir G. Ileathcote'e eeophoeles lluckle. with his leaeeis through thick and thin), yield to the force
Air. Houldswortlite Cenifederate
Colonel Wyndham's omit eoit Unknown. personal honour and consistency.
Lord Orford's Angeliez colt ....
Mr. R (From the Morning Advertiser.)obertson's Little Wonder . el‘Donald. ,
Mr. Forth's Solace colt ... ..
Captain (tertiaries Monops
Mr. H. Coeinbe's Evens colt -
Unknown. genco that Mr. Viliiers a motion has been thrown overboard
Lord Jersey's Mules, Ishmael — -
Robinson. by a majority of 123, has palsied the country. We are not
It is tionfeful if the last two will sun; nor was it settled dismayed at this tesult—the more our legislative landholders
whither Scott would start Black Beek, or, in :1. et, any other endeavour to repress the voice of the people by such a than Launoelot. criminal indifference to their complaint, the louder their
LATEST BETTING ON THE DOWNS. cries will grow, and the shouts of public disapprobation, now
11 to 4 agst Lauricelot—taken heard only at a distance, will finally overwhelm them. We
3 to 1 agst Assassin—taken are anxious to direct attention to one bad effect arising
4to 2 egst Melody colt—offered from the operation of the Corn-laws, namely, the disas-
-12 to 1 agst Theon—offered treue iefluence of those laws upon the health of thousands
20 to I agst Lord Exeter'. lot—taLen
_nay, millions of our fellow-creatures. It is well known
20 to 1 agst Pathfinder
that scarcity of food is the fruitful cause of disease and
2.5 to I art Scutari—taken
death. Any regulation, therefore, tending to limit the
30 '.,0 1 agst Confederate—taken
50 to I :rest Gift colt—taken supply of food is a deadly attach upon huma n life.
s
50 to I agst Angelica colt (From the Morning Post.)
1,500 to 20 agst eluley Ishmael—taken While the hirelings of the Administration are doing all
Drayton e. seas deelered rot to start, being amiss; the same text- curs by rancorous abuse and gross misrepresentation
reason will prevent Cormorant, Mr. Oabaldeston's, or Prince to prejudice the public against the Conservative party, we
Albert, from shaming; and it is half expected tat the field, find that party steadily gaining ground in England, and
•
&flee all, will not exceed. sixteen or seventeen.
en E OA XS. arriving nearer to the point when the powers of Govern-
The field for this race is likely to consist of eight or ten • the - merit must fall into their hands. We have no doubt that
fallowing are mentioned:—Crucifix (J. Day, jun.) ; f. (now 1 that point would have been arrived at long ago if the Con-
Lerd G. Bentinek's), by Glencoe, out of Victoria (W. Day) • : iervative piety had been as energetic and earnest as their
Black Hess ( Scott) ; Teleta (Conolly); Welfare (Nat) f,' °floats have bcen moan and shufllnte We need not
by Emiliuse out of Nannette (Chapple) • Pocahontas ;'
' " e•
, (Robin- ~ cruple to avow, what public circumstances se plainly in.
so e); 1. by Nonsense, out of Elfrid (unknown); C • ' •
Caution re ecate, that the change in the political bias of the public
fun. ; and probahly another of Scott's. Diploma
doehtful. is n tend has been rather that of growing disgust towards a
eheereditablo and
*dishonest Administration than that of
Just before leaving the Coarse, we were informed at the vivid and emphatic sympathy with the Conservatives.
Grand Stand, that the Duke of Sussex will be pre;ent on Our friends have not sufficiently thrown themselves into
Friday, and that the same apartments prepared for
her . lajesty
will be reserved for his Royal Highness. - the current of any strong public sentiment, to be borne
—_ _____
slang to power through the confiding ardour of the nation.

FROM THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTERDAY.
(From the Globe.)
The meeting at Exeter Hall yesterday was a grati-
fying and imposing spectacle, well worthy of the grace-
ful presence and presidency of the consort of our
Sovereign, and which would have been characterised,
but for one incident, by perfect unanimity. We
allude of course to the unhandsome treatment of Mr.
O'Connell by a noisy minority, and having alluded
to it, we leave its discredit with those who cannot
keep party feelings for places and occasions where
their exhibition is at least not an insult to a Royal per-
sonage who has studiously kept aloof from all similar
demonstrations, and an injury to a cause which
has nothing to do with any party animosities.
Turning, however, from what was pleasing and from
what was unpleasing in yesterday's proceedings, we
feel bound to inquire—How far were they practi-
cal And certainly, so far as they afford a demonstra-
tion of the sentiments of a great nation unanimous
in support of " its Government in any and every
measure which affords prospects of checking the slave-
trade—so far, certainly, a meeting like yesterday's can-
not but have its effect. It would least of all be lost on
such an acute and instructed observer as the present re-
presentative in England of the greatest continental
power—the power which, we cannot doubt, is destined
to take a part similar to our own in the abolition of
slavery in her own colonies, and the suppression of the
slave-trade universally.
(From the Standard.)
The debate in the House of Lords last night eli-
cited some curious phenomena of the administration
of justice is the Courts of Equity. It appears pretty
plainly that the improvement in the despatch of
business bears no proportion to the increase in the
number of Courts—as plainly that, notwithstanding
the complaints of Lord Eldon's slowness, which we
were accustomed to bear while that excellent man and
unequalled magistrate held the seals, very little depends
upon the habits of the Judge. As respects the increase
of Courts, our equi.ty proceedings seem to obey a law
very similar to that which governs the motion of projec-
tiles. Scientific men and practical gunners know that
the range of a missile is not extended in the common,
but in the subduplicate ratio of the force applied—thus,
if a force equivalent to four sends a ball 1000 yards,
it will require a force equivalent to 10 to send the same
ball 2,000 yards ; and so it seems is the case in the ad-
ministration of equity. We have now four Judges in
equity : less than 16 seem scarcely sufficient to get
through the business of the country in half the time now
occupied by equity suits, and after all, that would be no
very great relief to the suitors, considering the all but
infinite duration of these suits.
( From the Courier.)

The House of Lords was last night chiefly occupied
with the Administration of Justice Bill, to which Lord
-I.3roughum strongly objected in a speech of great length.
His chief objection appears to be the large addition of
judicial force which the Bid proposes to be made for the
disposal of present arrears, as well as to meet the increase
of business which the Lord Chancellor apprehends
wit be the resent of a greater despatch of cases. \V., how-
ever, do not exactly feel the force of the learned and
elequpet Ex•Chaneellor's objection, for it certainly
does appear to us that if the suitors become so nu-
mernn3 in any Court of Justice or Equity, that the
present judicial establishment is unable to give them
the attention te which they are entitled, and for
the dcspalch of which that establishment was instituted,
it ought to be rendered equal to the proper discharge of
this vary important duty. With respect to the Court
of Chancery, if the accumulation of its business cannot
be despatched by the Chancellor and Vice-Chancellor,
we venturetosuggest that it might be well to inquire
befere appointing one or more assistant Judge?, whether
a more economical means might not be tried by way of
experiment.

THE LOSS OF THE VULTURE..- From an ex-
tract of a letter written by Captain Wylde, the commander of SUNDAY, JUNE 7.—Bell's Life in London
the Vulture, received at Llteed's yesterday, it appears that e ell contain the Queen's Visit to Epsom--Best Account of the
neatly 400 chests of indigo hove in snore, besides other cases of p :acs—Portraits of the Wieners of the Derby and Oaks.
hardware, Bcc. ; also the box of gold, and the bonds, value 1e s Life London,five fB lt in
3CCV. The vessel is •
given up, with cargo, to the agents at e rice 0
d. Sold by all Newspaper dealers. The country edition
Lloyd's. The account of the s.triking of the vessel is thus des- ' trnannbli heti early on Saturday afternoon in time for the
erihed ;--On Friday morning we saw Osterganisham, W. by S, is LetvAy s
at 12 miles. At 12 o'clock we had a good observation, and 1.1 ,•,---'s.
I.,OSTUME OF THIE PEOPLE OF CONNEMARA.
then altered our course from N.E. by E.—thick foggy weather.
At 1 o'clock I kept her at E. half E. ;at half-past 10 she struck. I wish yen would take some old Petersburg captain, —lt ags! Rags! everywhere rags! The singular ingenuity
wi th which those are held together astonishes, and the only
have a chart before you, and ask his opinion. Captain Draye, me az sof keeping them on the limbs would appear to be the
who has been some years in the St: Petersburg trade, thou ht veil ti ble wooden skewer. The beings who had in groups as-
I was keeping too much to the North to see Dagerist. There semi 'l, Id as we retraced our steps presented most grotesque
must tbe an extraordinary current setting more than usual to figurtis ; standing up to their inches in the wet bog, they re-
cta S.E. To this I attribute the loss of the unfortunate Vut. garded lei, apparently ill-disposed, unlike the Irish of other
1, toeielange the civil recognition. Had- they been met
tart, and the ruin of myself, for I have lost ever/thing mo y, di trien
clothes, and all; but lam happy to ne-but in Connemara, it would have been impossible to
lay the passengers hava not anywhe
lota much."
reitrained from laughter at the various devices which had
LETTER FROM MONTE VIDEO,--The follow- have reir4
been. sorted to for the purpose of covering parts' of their
But the Connemara peasants are not to be ridiculed.
lug is an extract of a letter
41,11. g at at Guert,sey, dated ....
received),7t. at Lloyd's, from their bodie s-
eeds have been deeds of seriousness, and we remain-
iiie, Le Messuvier, artived hcfray, 1840:—" The barque Their ! as we passed. It was a matter of wonder with
cis) e from Rio Janeiro, having sailed" eynestirday in fifty-three I,ered them
1,,,'1at the beggars in England did with their cast-off
barec,ei news from Monte Video to th te 3d April. She Foote
some time they must be worn out even for
e ,r at
htodiado was likely to ecntinue until a 24th March, and the clothe 9, t
~,,,, one never hears of their ultimate destination or
darn Fiance, to the propositions receiait rePIY
, had been received beggar
3G'; '''' vt id never visited Connemara, or his difficulty had
AdMiral. Exchange, 31d. recent] made to
been at once
,01 ve ey .
VIRTUE OF THE ENGLISH...-. A
een ' freehold ers 1..... st. ortsman in Ireland.
belit on Friday at Speenkaralond Committee roo inquest was L. :D.A"i, ,- i H CORVETTE FLORA.—A fine
of a Inmate cnild. Dame unknown, which, had zb' t:, eon
tehnieb°di body
IL
AN
-4
le belonging to the navy of the King of
cwiette u add r ehisktim. ,
basket by the Opeiraue coach from London on Th was -1,,i..-ri a red
‘by Captain Palludan, arrived at this
The coachman, Robert Neyler,:stated that the basic ur
'' -t- Denmark, ant I covenant.
c eenhasen, and anchored in the
et was glum port, on 1, %) eeay, from eil
into his charge on Thursday at the Whit© 14 , —erse Cellar, pie_ Sloyne. Irs •to her own' 11l
officers and crew, she had on
eadilly, and was boeked ; that havine been informed on arriving board a nuttya 41ditmnbo s and yo ling men belonging to the
in Speenhamland, from Marlborough,e the following morninar Royal Naval her of
d boys
Denmar. a portion of the scho-
Aca Academy that it contained a dead child, he made inquirys of Phillips, si4 lars of solidi ege in a ship-of-war for
take, every ycar, a voy:
bookkeeper, yes tin? it immediately on his return to town,
, , education in their
daggersp by their sides. profession. They Fear a naval uniform,
when he said he had no recollection whatever of the person
and carry fib, ,rt- ' 1 The Flora excited
who brought it to the office. The basket was directed to "Mrs. considerabl e ' curiosit dg her in the rver; %%He
Green, Speen-hill," but as no person of that named lived both office: s and scholarsurin attracted, sta
as y they m ovedi through our
there,u it was carried to Mr. Green, shoemaker, of Speenham- streets and -.1 about our docks, the observation of every pas-
la d, who, on opening it, found to his utmost astonishment senger. f
a Wednesda C t • Pll dan accompanied by
yr ap sin
that it contained the deceased child, enveloped in a nightgown several of 'hia officers and all the scholars, visited Manches-
ter. The
andr cap, the wrists arid bosom of which were sown up; he di- C u..,,Tian, of Saturday, thus not;ees the visit of the
eLI2Y sent for Mr. Chubb, the constable, who took it into his strangers ;• —‘, vi!, er or You lee DA NITS TO M.Vb:CIIESTER.--011
laZ es tiu n , together with an old shawl, part of a smith's apron, Wedaesda) ',as t a somewhat novel procession for cn inland town
~,, some old rags, likewise found in the basket. 11. Robinson, attracted ec n;4 'erable attention in our streets—that of a number
E, 1.. surgeon, stated of youths a; .tirf din a naval nniforin of blue, faced watt red, and
• that he had made a post mortem examis
nation of the body, ' discovered some of the ho is wearing , eked hats. We undergstud that
thereun, e and end no marks of violence
*Light some discolouration round the lips, which they are atm del its in some me, 'al academy in Denmark; and,
having been _of i board a Danis,'l, ship of war, probably on an
Was
.4.io.haven caused by the finger flails; that the child
lived ilongi! Ceiert, horn alive, but he did not think it had experimental ci uise, which put i sato Liverpool the other day,
Jury returned these youths vie re treated by their • superiors with a trip on the
against sernepersen, e a verdict of 13 Wilful Murder ' • •
;it to Manchester. Ihe visited the Exchange,
ROYAL I' r rsons tinknown."— Wilts Independent. railway and avi
t the Manchester Mee:banks' Institution, some
A STIME.--Amene tti the exhibit; o i ietroduced at Cote t, the Frbs le late chanties
of 4
and eer places of interest in the town, and, ,
ench curtsey was the fp 'to -ies , ° a
*tinned in place of the Russia - we b‘,l" -‘
' trued to Liverpool by tire last train on the same '
mode of salutewon, : aeve, net a profound inclination of the head which is c under the Care ,ef one or two Danish
tie- old ladies to 'ff ' • ai.d body. i• T.e al tempos
nosh en their knees, in ci f • •• °' naval c evening. 'll ,ev ` ere sailed Sti il• *v last, for Iceland, val office ts• " 'rho Flora on .a
.ir
aci. _ .
L.-ovation were ' in orrnitjr with this I,Ninish colon
, in general very in h • which, as i.e ost of our readers know, is . y.—
reevels ; and the Eins • ' appy, an ludieroue •
eror nigl a great source of Liverpool A ziniz. •,-,
amusement r. '
VHO CLOSED THE AYFES OF
is witnessing their failure. '1
-his was a motive for
his pretty
1111, N , 'OMAN 1
rogetlar atten lance at the Court clispel, or rather fur
..,‘ -
be generally known that tlecre, now
being present at the conclusion of the service, when he his 1
rIL-itlitOta: ow._ -It notmay
of Gwennap, an old woman, who sc,ually
emu of ample opportunity of indulging his mirth in ebserv.'"-gas ! eleseclltils: • the p n•ish
the Emperor Napoleon, after the " vital
em el with a variety cf grimaces mimicking, the gestui• observing,
I s ef' " 7 e eyee of ,
from its earthly tabernacle. The i
those -cshose efforts to please him on this point were lea es
of
p as
. tad 1,74. ,'d its flight
informed,
eserved under Napo-
st sue- ,"Id "'am ' id, m e arc
Id woman
ant sful. Old Countess Boutcrlin, i y sister'sel • i
n moi. er-in-Jaw I Icon, soar in's e usha.
d him to St. Helena. This o f
nas 'Ff this number, who, on one occasion, I well remember,' was on e • a';‘' 3niPj.nt e with, and attended the death-bed °
week have esiet with a serious fail, had it not been for the good ! one of th 'rr''/ of intim
'cY
names are recorded in history, 1
' rnwall ild-
na.v,,red assistance of some prisons who stood near.—ellemoirs ' and !v". ''''''t. 1,-test rnet whose.
a with amazement.— Go
~
,
"f eds fill ate \ 111,
of exe P, lac-es Daschkaw. t ruttier.

INDIAN COURT MARTIAL.

FIVE NATIVES PUT TO DEATH BY A BRI
TISH OFFICER WITHOUT TRIAL.

Head Quarters, Bombay, March 24,1840.
At a General Court Martial assembled in Canton-
ment near Poona, on Monday the 30th day of Decem-
ber, 1839, and of which Major G. Browne, of her Ma-
jesty's 41st Regiment, is President ; Lieut. William
Gibbard, of the 16th Regiment Native Infantry, was
tried on the following charge, viz. :
Lieut. William Gibbard, 16th Regiment Native In-
fantry, placed in arrest, and brought to trial by order
of the Commander of the Forces, on the following
charge, viz. :

For highly irregular conduct, most disgraceful to
the character and reputation of an officer, i❑ having
betwixt the 22d and 31st December 1838, at or near
the village of Kowtannee, within the State of Sawant
Warree, when in command of a detachment of troops
on duty there, atrociously caused five persons who had
been taken prisoners by a party of irregular troops under
his command, to be summarily put to death, by being
shot, without due authority and warrant for so doing.
Adjutant General's Office, Bombay, 27th Sept., 1839.
By order of the Commander of the Forces.
(Signed) STRATFORD POWELL,
Lieut. Col. Adjt. Gen. of the Army.
Upon which charge the Court came to the following
decision :

Finding.—The Court having maturely weighed and
considered what has been adduced in support of the
prosecution, together with what the prisoner Lieutenant
William Gibbard of the 16th Regiment Nativo Infan-
try has brought forward on his defence, is of opinion
that he is guilty of the charge preferred against him,
with the exception of the word " atrociously," and that
" four" instead of " five" prisoners, as therein specified,
were put to death.
Sentence.—The Court having found the prisoner
guilty, as above specified, does adjudge him, Lieutenant
William Gibbard to be dismissed the Honourable Com-
pany's Service.
(Signed) W. OGILvIE, Major, (Signed) G. BROWNE,
Judge Advocate General. Major and President.
Approved and Confirmed.

(Signed) Mos. APMATIoN,
Lieut.-General and Commander-in-Chief.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE COURT.

Having thus performed its painful duty, the Court
is anxious to bring to the notice of the Commander of
the Forces, some circumstances of an extenuating
nature, which authorise its recommending the prisoner
to his favourable consideration, viz. the extraordinary
orders he received from the Political Superintendent of
the Sawant \Varree State ; the evident conviction that
he was acting in strict conformity with those orders ; the
approbation which be sought and received from the Politi-
cal Superintendent (under whose orders he acted), from his
own immediate Commanding officer,and those with whom
he associated, his youth, the activity and zeal he has
frequently displayed both prior to. and subsequent to
the 2-ith December. 12535, and, finally the high cha-
ielcter he has received fur humanity and gentleness to-
wards the natives generally.
The above reasons lead the Court to believe that the
lamentable error he has fallen into, was one of judgment.
only, and therefore to -recommend to the favourable
consideration of the Commander of the Forces, feeling
assured that the experience ho has so dearly earned, is
sufficient security against a recurrence of such a
misfortune.

(Signed) G. BROWNE,
Major and President.
REMATIKS BY THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF.

The trial in the above case was closed previously to
my assuming command of the Army of this Presidency,
but circumstances have thrown on me the painful duty
of confirming tne finding and sentence, and it is with
deep regret I observe, that the proceedings develope
matter which make it impossible for one to accede to
the recommendation of the Court, or in any way to
avoid
,giving fuli effect to the award.
I am further concerned to remark, that evidence. re-
corded in the case imperatively demands that proceed.
ings shall be adopted to.vards another officer, that he
may have an opportunity of clearing his eonduct, or
that the ends of justice, and the interest of the public
service, may he vindicated.
(Signed) Tilos. M`MmioN,
Lieut.-Gen. and Conunander-in-Cliief.
The name of Lieutenant William Gibbard is to be
struck off the strength of the Army from this date.

HOW TO GET AN ESTATE FOR

NOTHING.

buy an estate for £loo,ooo
gut into possession somehow, and throw it into
Chancery for 24 years (a moderate estimate of
the length of a Chancery suit) ; I am then de-
creed to pay the purchase money as above, and
the interest thereon 120,009

X 220,000
In the mean time, I have placed the purchase
money o❑ interest with annual rests, which, in
the name time, amounts to' 322,510

Gained i'102,510

I thus get the estate for nothing, and 2,5101. besides to
fee lawyers, to the utter ruin of the vendor, who loses all

this amount, even supposing he can borrow money at 51.
per cent., by paying interest annually. But can he do
that ? Let the man whose means arc in Chancery answer
tins question. Neither is any abatement to be made from
my profit, on account of the remoteness of the period st
which the account is cloned ; for I have the usufruct and
increase in the value of the estate, which every purchaser
considers equivalent to the interest of his money, and that
even in a compound ratio ; for, besides the annual income
the Menaced value of the estate in growing timber, &c.,
I calculate on the benefit of that general accretion in the
value cf land which, co✓nmunibus annis, is sure to occur.—
IVoolsack.

11. in 24 years (per price) amounts to 3,2251. by
00,003-322,510/.

UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

OXFORD, MAY 30.—Wiiliam Clayton, E. V. Richards,
Feake Glyn, and Richard Pfiiilimore, have been elected
Students of Christ Church, from Winchester.

The Lord Bishop of London has presented the Rev.
John Bramston, late Fellow of Exeter College, to the
Vicarage of Witham, Essex.
The President and Fellows of Corpus Christi College
have presented the Rev. Samuel Whittingham,
Fellow of their Society, to the Rectory of Childrey,
Berkshire.

The Marquis of Bristol has presented the Rev. Thomas
Mod land, Fellow of Corpus Christi College, to the Vicarage
of Steyning, Sussex.
The Marquis of Cholmondeley has presented the Rev.
C. A. Thurlow, of Baliol College, Chaplain to the Arch-
bishop of York, to the Rectory of Malpas, Ckeshire.
The Rev. J. Stroud, Chaplain of Wadham College, has
been presented to the perpetual Curacy of Williton, Somer.
setsh ire.

Wednesday, June 17, is fixed by the Lord Bishop of this
Diocese for the consecration of Sibthorp district Church.
The boat races on the Isis will take place on the under-
mentioned evenings ; the boats are to start from Iffiey at
half-past seven o'clock :—June 2d, 4th, 6th, Bth, 10th,
12th, 15th, 17th, 19th, 22d, 24th, 26th, 29th, and the pro-
cession-night will be on the 30th : 14 boats are entered.
CAMBRIDGE, MAY 30.—Yesterday Mr. John Arthur
Power was elected a Sonior Fellow of Clare Hall, in this
University; and Mr. Thomas Caswell, B. A., a Junior
Fellow of the same Society.
Camas College—ln the examination for the Mickleburgb
Scholarship, the first place was obtained by Charles
Wright Wcrodhouse, B.A. In the examination in Anatomy
and Physiology, the firifPlace, to which is given an exhi-
bition of 101. for three years, was obtained by Charles
John Hare.

A silver salver, in value upwards of 60 guineas, was on
Thursday last, the 28th inst., presented to the Rev. Ed-
ward Harold Browne, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of Em-
manuel. College, in this University, by some of the gra-
duates and under graduates of that Society, in testimony
of the high regard they entertain towards him, and the
deep regret they feel at his approaching departure from
the University.

We understand that the Rev. Mr. Vernon, who
officiated in the absence of the Rev. Mr. Hopper, in his ser-
mon on Sunday afternoon, at Trinity Church, did us the ho-
nour (?) of mentioning the Free Press and stating that the
Editor, whoever he might be, would not hesitate to commit
assassination. Very good, Mr. Demetrius. Is your craft
really in danger? You seem to think so, for you have already
raised the shout " Great is Diana of the Ephesians !" Chel-
tenham Pree Press.

Within a few daytes,aiitnpaLaaifrnadesnsotdmp,:tfahensastebewartselontooknwtyvw-ehtfiheaevesnletti:sseinmrefl were dig-
acpsethttienadvays,ar,lceyythiinneolgy
sidedfgr iiosnmcgo
bygcsr
side,
el. i,.tnboi nnt4htftl:ei.e dtearth,Mhireedirection
about 20ft. squire. In many of the skulls the teeth remained
perfectly sound, and the enamel as fresh as on one recently in-
terred. The remains are supposed to be those of the slain who
fell in the battle between the Houses of York and Lancaster on
the lith day of February, 1461, and in the last year of the reign
of King Henry Vl.—ilertford Reformer.
On Thursday last the Essex Union Hunt gave
a handsome dinner, at the Blue Boar Inn, Maldon, to J. Payne,
jun., in compliment for his exertions as manager of the bound.,
in which that gentleman had given universal satisfaction. There
were between seventy and eighty gentlemen present, C. co_
myns Parker, Esq., in the chair. The toast, the lively tale,
the sporting song, and the interesting anecdote, gave a peculiar
zest to the repast. The dinner was excellent, and the party
separated with a firm conviction that it was
" Better to hunt in fields for health unbought,
Than fee the doctor for a nauseous draught."

—Essex Herald.
OTTER FISHING." Here's one at least," ex-
claimed le. It was true • he had one of the otters fast ; but
the difficulty of holding him was not trifling. The fight was
exactly in thu style of a large and heavy fish; first he was
down to the bottom of the pool, then with the rapidity of
lightning, he rose at another part where he was least expeuted.
The contest was one of most singular dexterity on one part, and
of strength and agility to• the other. M lejigth the smaller of
the two fishermen began to yield, and in a few minutes he was
ragged by main force to the shore. I now assisted in the
fight, but warily, as the little animal bit ferociously at every-
thing that was put tor;ards him. He died the death of
honour; he was stoned to death and crammed into the creel,
as
the
most remarkable trophy off expert angling. —Sportsman
in Ireland.

Madame Pasta has at ler.gth accepted an en-
gagement fort he ensuing winter at St. Petersburgh.
