GENERAL ELECTION.

T() IVIRMAIRB, CANDIDATES, COMMITTPES, and
Emteroßs.-;--Being anxious to give the fullest and
most correct account of the Elections throughout the.
Kingdom, we shall be very thankful to any Gentle-
man immediately interested, tojitvour us by post or
otherwise, with the state of the Polling, and other
matters connected 'with the Election, in his Town or
County.

The election for the'City, as appears from the'following circu-
lar to the Liverymen, will commence on Friday next :---
" By virtue of a precept received front the Sheriffs of the city of
London, I am directed 14 the Master and Wardens of the
Company, to desire you to appear• at Guildhall on Friday next,
the 9th day of June inst., at 2 o'clock at noon, in your livery
gown, tnr the purpose of electing four fit and discreet Citizens to
serve for the city of London in the ensuing Parliament.'
June b."

The canvass it carried on with much activity by the respective
candidates and their friends. In a great majority of instances the
livery have been personally waited on, and considering that their
numberxmounte to more than 12,000, spread over all parts of
the town and its vicinity, this has proved a most arduous and fa-
tiguing duty. - Of the new candidates none appear to entertain or
to express any confident 'expectations of success, for the contest is
likely to run so hard among three of them, that they can vesture
to give no intermission to the exertions of their friends. The re-
port that Mr. Alderman Clarratt intends to offer himself on the
f►;st day of the election does not appear to gain ground. -
John Ra►nsbottom and Richard Hussey Vivian, Esqrs. can-
vassed the resident electors of the borough of New Windsor yea-
terday morning.

- We understand Sir Francis Ommanney, who has declined stand-
ing for .Barnstaple,• intends to offer himself for the borough of
Okehampton.
Mr. Nolan, it is now understood, determines to stand again for
the borough of Barnstaple.
Bevearaty.—AS ten o'clock on Thursday evening, Dr. Arden,
accompanied by Mr. Humphrey, solicitor fee the new candidate,
W. Stewart, Esq., arrived in a post-chaise and finir, from London.
Dr. Arden appeared at the balcony and addressed the multitude.
We understand that Mr. Lane Fox having declined to offer him-
self for the representation of Beverley at the ensuing election,
Charles Harrison Batley, Esq., a Yorkshire gentleman of inde-
pendent fortune, has offered himself in Mr. Itmer interest.

serious opposition • is at present apprehended by
the mends of Mr. Davis and Mr. Bright. Cash and candidates
are equally scarce ; hut the public mind is evidently much agi-
tated, and. we-look forward with Some anxiety to the events of the
next few days. it cannot be denied that a very Strong feeling
prevails in tavour of Mr. Protheroe. —Bristol Mercury.
CAM E r.ronn. —The parties of the Earl of Darlington and the
Marquis of Hertford are equally balanced in this borough, there
,being 22. electors, and eleven having declared . for each ; so that
unless there should be some ratting, which is very likely, there
will be a double return.

Caatast.r..—We learn that Sir J. IL 0. Graham, Bart., the
candidate on the independent interest for the representation of this
city, is expected to arrive in Carlisle on Tuesday next.
Con wa t,. —A requisition has been rent to Mr. . Tremayne,
signed by about 1,800 freeholders, inviting him to offer himself
again at the approaching general election, as a candidate to repre-
sent this comity in Parliament, and pledging themselves to give
him one of their votes free of expellee. Sir H. Vyvyan and Mr.
Pendarvee are also determined on going to the pull ; so that a
warm contest may be expected. . .
Duattam.---M. A. Taylor, Egli. has arrived in this city. - Sit
H. Hardinge; the other member, is expected in a (lay or two► to
canvass the electors : no new candidate is expected to start fur
Durham city. •

IlAurantax.—lt is generally understood that no opposition
will be made to the return of Mr. Fleming and Sir W. Heath-
cote, Bart.

lirrux.—We un►leratiind that Mr. S. Marjoribanks and Sir R.
T. Farquhar, have successfully completed their canvass; and
leave no doubt of being returned.

June S.. *(Front a Correspondent.)---We are anxiously
looking for to-morrow's post, as we fully expect it will bring.an
announcement of Mr. It. Wilmot Horton's intention of offering
himself fur this place. An intimation was conveyed to him by
Wednesday's post, that if he would offer, he would be supported
by all the respectables of hull. There is not the smallest doubt
that if ha ahuilith.ite will be returned by a considerable majority ;
though it is certain., that it would be 111144:11 greater. if he were op-
posed to further concession to the Catholicis. Mr. O'Neill pre-
sented himself about a fortnight since, and with every prospect of
success. lie makes his public entry on Monday, and a splendid
programme has been issued. Should Mr. W. Horton not come,
a staunch Tory will present himself. a
ST. Ives.—it is expected that Sir C. Hawkins and Mr. Hake
(the latter gentleman having come forward upon the invitation
of the electors, and being the last to enter the lists) will be re-
turned without opposition ; the other candidates, viz. Mr. Wallis,
of Sandhill-house, Mr. William Praed, of, Trevethow, (of the
firm of Praeds and Co.,' bankers, in Fleet-street), and Mr. Ste-
plums, of Timone Castle, having successively retired from the
contest.

•
I.Etezwras:—Mr. Evans closed his"canvass of the town on
Saturday; and Sir Males flutings on itneliday, since which their
friends, as well as those of Mr. Otway Cave, have been canviaa-
ing the votes in various parts of the country. Each candidate
expremes great confidence in the ultimate issue of the contest, and
seems at present determined to carry on the polling to the latest
!loan—Leicester Chnrnitle.

NODTH lIMD Ent A ND. —(From a Correspotlent.)—Neweastle-
upon-Tyne, June S.—The firm hold which Mr. Beaumont has
got in the comity, and the consequent popularity that attaches to
the Hon. Gentleman, seem vow—late in the day as it is—to be
redoubling the exertions of Lord Howick's friends, to make up
his Lordship's lee-way. Mr. Lumina% (M.P. for the county of
Durham, - Lord Howiek's brother-in-law) has undertaken the
office of Chairman of his Lordship's Cormnittee here,---hence the
augmented industry in pushing his Lordship forward. On Mon-
day (yesterday) the town of Shields ie.to, be again canvassed.
The NOreastle Chronide of this day says---“ Following the
preeedenta of the memorable contest of 1774, and the anticipated
contest of 1907, a requisition is now in a course of signature, re-
tpleatiog the High Sheriff of Northumberland to call a county
meeting, •fitr the purpose of nominating the persons deemed moat
proper to represent that county in Parliament." The same Paper
adds---" Though emanating front the friends of one of the candi-
dates, the requisition hsi been equally presented to the friends of
all this othere." Whatever may be the views of ," the friends" of
Lord Howick (for he is the candidate alluded to) all that is quite
clear is,. that the 'county is likely to he put to UMW unties:emery
trouble and expellee ; and cui bona 9 The cases of 1771 andl
1907 are nut parallel with the proceeding,' at this time. For a
great. minty weeks die free holtierti have been [MD Vtlified by four several
candidates. The friends of the Hon. Mr. Liddell steadily adhere
to him ;- and in all parts of the country we bear his cause spoken
of with ardour and confidence. Matthew fell, Esq. made a final
canvass et North Shields yesterday, where, we understand, his
success Was very great. Tn the evening the Hon. Gentleman en-
tertained a very numerous party- of freeholders to dinner at
Win-d's hotel. • It were, we think, au unwise speculation- to speak
poravourahly of the chances of this Gentleman's' being again re-
turned. for Northumberland. Be it as it may, however, the
struggle will be treinentioutt. There can be little doubt of the re-
election of the present Members, 'Sir Matthew White Ridley,,
Baronet, and Mr. Ellison. • It is' currently reported, iteleed, that
the election will take place on Friday next, the 9th inst. Air
M. W-Ritiley and Mr. Ellison ars expected here to-morrow.

PoterEnta CT. —A severe contest here. Mr. Hardy, the bar-
ister, it is said, will certainly came in.

Poarsmotrru.—Francis Baring, Req. arrived here this even-
ing, to solicit the suffrages of the members of our corporation, and
socceed Admiral Marltham as -one of the representatives of the
borough. lumpsh ire Telegraph.
Paa"T".---,Cofkatt is. busy at Preston. The following squib
'Ern" a 1-"in)Y-upeaking quarter llaki been sent to him :-.....
' Sir,—You are requested by a would-not-be constituent of
yours to answer the following first series of interrogatories, in
Your addruse to-morrow evening, or at your first convenience ;..,.....
Were you ever a corporal in any, and what Regiment? and
were you drummed out of that Regiment, and for what ? and
who ? N. 11.' You recollect cutting the buttons off, Dilly ?
Why did you l&tve the land of liberty (America) the first tune?
WWI it not for libelling Judge Rush? lf not, how otherWi44 ?
Why did you return thither ? Was it not for libelling the Govern-
ment?

thd You not before you ran away, offer to write in support
of Government, provided that Government would not enforce
tli fine?
4 Ilan Wit a stailitt• of hatilinipt (as your friend Tommy Smith
calla it) boon, issood againsty ? and has ringle farthing of
dividond over noon, or over Will be, made to your creditors ?
In your famoux totter to Sir l'raitnia Burdett, did you nut state,
that 4 than wits not Water a alma ohlikajfili to pay his debts,

y~f i~y~
r~

if it should interfere with hie'doneetia comfort, or word. to Ow
effect ?'

Preston has a population of about,Bo,ooo, and not only house-
keepers paying scot and lot, have a right to vote, but its inhabit-
ants, which have been defined by the House of Commons to consist
in a residence of six months. All lodgers, servants, &e. paying
no taxes, have as good a vote as the most respectable individual In
the borough.
liocuxurta, Monday, 7 o'clock r. M...-Major-General. Arm-
strong, the opponent of our late independent Member (Bernal),
has just made his enure. If numbers of attendants, and much
lifting up of the voice*, of the people, were any just criterion in
these matters, he would seem to have a good prospect of ousting
his opponent, who, from his pairing off on the Catholic Question,
and advocating the dispassionate consideration of the West India
Question, has given considerable disgust here. There is every
prospect of a sharp contest. The lion. Mr. Dundee is certain of
coming.in for MO+ and State. •
}Naomi, Jiine s.—The town is in a great bustle with pre-
paration for the ensuing election. It seems that Mr. Edward
Wakefield is the favourite, and that Mr. Fyshe Palmer stands no
chance. A very large meeting of Mr. Wakefield's friends will
take place to-morrow evening at the Bear Inn, which is supposed
to be the last before the grand struggle.

Searottn.--The attempt to raise an opposition at Seaford haa,
it oteems, proved abortive. Mr. Bulwer, who, with the agent of
Sir Jacob Astley, arrived there on Friday last, left the place on
the name evening, and Sir Jaeob'e agent on the day after the ar-
rival of Mr. Ellis and Mr. Fitzgerald, who are, therefore, not
likely to meet with any opposition.

SOUTHAUITOL-Mr. Chamberlayne has just announced his
intention of again standing for Southampton at the ensuing elec-
tion. Sir William de Creepiguy retires from 111 health. It is
expected that Mr. Dottin will succeed to the vacancy.
SOUTIMA vs.—Yesterday workmen were engaged in erecting
hustings in front of the Town Hall in the Borough, preparatory
to the election of Members of Parliament for Southwark, which
will continence on Wednesday. The friends of Mr. Polhill, one
of the candidates, seem very sanguine of his success on the poll.
It is whispered. that there will be a strong opposition against Cal-
vert's interest, as Mr. William Martin, ironmonger, is making an
active canvass, and has five hundred plumpers already on his list.
This opposition originated, it is said, in Culvert's writing to the
solicitor of St. Bartholomew's .Hospital, endeavouring to hinder
William Martin renewing the licence of the Old White Horse,
which had been a Hetrickd house about two, hundred years, situate_
near one of Culvert's houses.

SUDBURY, JUNE 4.—Quite contrary to the usual order of
things, we are as quiet a$ if Parliament had just assembled after
an election, instead of a dissolution having just taken place. Our
late members both retire. It is stated that for the eight years
Alderman Heygate has represented us, he has expended 8,0001. ;
but our worthies of the lower classes are constantly complaining
of his meanness. C. A. Tulk, Esq. would undoubtedly have
come in with a high hand, if he had offered himself : he declined
to vote against the Catholic Bill, this gave umbrage to some of
his former supporters, and their cool looks at the Mayor's feast
in October last, determined him not to offer himself again : he
had gained a host of friends among the liberals, and would most
certainly have succeeded. John Wilks, jun. Esq. the projector,
director, auditor, solicitor, &c. in various joint stock companies,
will certainly be returned for this town, and he will as certainly be
rejected at the next election. Mr. Wilks's net is calculated to
catch all sorts of fish ; he is a friend (at least so he professes) to civil
and religious liberty, he is a most determined enemy to any con-
cession to the Catholics, he is desirous of, and will support, the
repeal of the test and corporation acts, and is a member of, and
firm supporter, of the Church of England as by law established ;
he is a friend to free trade, and an enemy to slavery, and a sup-
porter of the measures of administration ; he . has all the mob in
his favour, and ' not a single man of consequence or character
among Ida supporters. By the respectable electors, he is mini.;
dered a political adventurer, desirous of going to the best market.
It is estimated that Mr. Wilke has already expended above'Boool.
On his first canvass, he gave each freeman 10s. each ; at Christ-
mas he gave them roast beef and plum pudding, and more money ;
the estimate is, that he has given 255. each to all the freemen who
chose to accept it.

TncrAnn..—this famous borough, better known by the name
of Bossiney, will also be contested: the opposition to the sitting
members is considered rather formidable.

Ti cozy.--The most vigorous exertions are making. by the
agents of Lord Darlington, the patron, to defeat the projects of
their *orients, but it is scarcely possible to say with what pro-
spect of success, as the worthy and independent electors are won,
derfully given to change their views, especially on the very eve of
going to the poll,— West Briton.

Wootorrocx.---This borough, it appears, will be closely con-
tested. We have now four candidates in the tiehl,..--numely, the
Marquis of Blandford, Lord Miley Cooper, .1. H. Langston, end
Robert "%MilHam, Lupo., the latter of whom is decidedly the
most popular, and no doubt is entertained of his being one of our
r►'presentatives.

IRELAND.
(From the Dublin Patriot,)
COIJNiI" WERTDOCATiI.....-It is said that Colonel Packenham
retires from this County, having voted for the Catholic question,
and thereby lost the inteeeet of his connection with Lord Longford.
Some of our contemporaries have animadverted severely upon
Lord Longford in consequence of this. We however do not think
this is just. Advocatai as we are fur toleration in laws, our
principles extend to toleration of opinion. Lord Longford has as
good a right to retain, and may be as sincere in retaining his old
sentiments, as Colonel Parkenhatn in yielding to the lights of
history, philosophy, Christianity, and reason. The circumstance
may therefore be deemed honourable to both.
It is said that the Catholics intend offering their support to
Colonel Packenham. This hi, 'so far as regards the Catholics, but
just and grateful. We doubt, however, that Colonel Packeuham
would avail himself of that offer : should he decline it several
gentlemen are spoken of as likely to be nominated as candidates
upon the Catholic interest.

CITY or Duar.m.—Alderman Sir John Kingston James, Bart.
certainly.the most unexceptionable gentleman who has yet offered
himself upon the Corporation interest, hue declined the conteit.
Why not a Guinness or a• La Touche offer themselves? The
name. of La Touche *so long identified with the city of Dublin,
us it lute also been long identified with every thing amiable and
useful. The name of Arthur Guinness too, associated as it is
with every private and public virtue, would confer a benefit upon
the city which he would represent. We know no man come ctO
with Dublin at this moment who could stand a competition,
either as to knowledge or power of communicating it, with
Arthur Guinness. A great trading city ought to return such a
man.

COUNTY WaTravonn.—Mr. Wylie has written a letter, posi-
tively denying the report that Mr. Potier intended to decline
standing for the county. Waterford will, therefore, he the scene
of one of the most violently contested elections upon record.
The following list of candidates, it is supposed, will he returned
without opposition :
COUNTY CLARE.--Sir E. O'Brien and Right Hon: V. Fitz-
gerald.

COUNTY OF WWELOW —Mr. loners Grattan eiol Mr. Prohy.
COUNTY or 181RAT111..—LOr4i Bediye mid Sir 'MIMS Som-
merville.

COUNTY OF K tr.DA Itt.-LOrti Wm. Fitzgerald awl Mr. Robert
La Touche.

COUNTY or C K tivenagit and Col..Bnien.
COUNTY or Lotyrit.—Mr. Ledie Foster and Mr. John Jocelyn.
Kt so's Conwrr.--Lord Oxinantown and Mr. Bernard.
OUtletell COUNTY.—Sir Henry Purnell and Sir Charles Collte.
COUNTY or Com—Lord Bnuistuore and Lord Kingshorough.
Crry of Coaa.--Hon. Mr. Hutchinson and Sir C. Calthurst.

DAT AT ONB O'CLOCK.
ionth RiaStoek

Old Annuities..., —
New WO —
Ex; Bills, 11,000 td. 8 9 pm.
Ditto 5OO !d. 9 9 pm.
Ditto Small
Ditto Advertised
Bank for Account —
India for Assount —
Cons. for Acconnt SO. i

INDS AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Neapolitan, 1824
Peruvian Bonds - 194
Portuguese Hoods 7134 %
Prussian, b per eeut.
Ditto, New 93
Ruisian,.New, 5 per cent. ...80% 1
Spanish, 1821, b per cent.
1823
French Reines, 5 p. c. —f, —c.
---- Exchange —t. --e.
.---.3 per cent.
Exchange—, —f. —c.

PRICES OF SHARES AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. . Per Shiao.
Anglo Mexican Mining Company £ss 42
Swill/in Mining Company l5 15 I.ti4:,
Pasco Peruvian Mining Company
United Mexica►► Mining Company MO 184,

!►FAILS.
Arrived Due. Arrived. Du
1 Dublin
1 Waterford 0 0 Jamaica U
1 Ouernsey& Jersey. 0 0 Leeward islands
0 Lisbon 1 0 Malta 0
0 Oottenburgh I U America 1
0 Hamburgli
1 Holland 1 0 Buenos Ayres
1 France

HIGli WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MOB ROW.
Morning lO minutes after 3. I Evening 27 minute/ after 3.

Zbiteult.
