CHURCH RATES.

Petitions praying for the total and unqualified abolition of
Church Rates wore presented by Mr. M"Faggart ; Mr. Fox
Maule, from Buchan, Blairgowrie, Nairn, and three other
towns in Scotland ; by Mr. Baines from a Congregation in
Leeds; by Mr. Hutt from an Independent Congregation in Leeds,
and by Mr. Wilks, signed by the inhabitants of sixteen parishes
in Suffolk. The latter Gentleman said he was very glad the
Government had taken up the question of Church Rates,
for he never knew any question, except that of slavery, which
had excited so much interest. Ho had yesterday and to-day
attended meetings, at which 400 gentlemen attended, who
represented the opinions of upwards of 600 congregations of
Dissenters.

Mr. HARDY presented a petition from a person named
Dillon, praying for an inquiry into his case. The Hon. Gen-
tleman'gave not►ce that he would mako a motion on the sub-
ject on a future day.
BOARDS OF TRADE.

Sir JAS. GRAHAM presented a petition praying for the
establishment of Local Boards of Trade.
MUNICIPAL REFORM ACT.

Sir F. POLLOCK presented a petition, very numerously
signed praying for an alteration in the Municipal Reform Act.
He begged to observe that as his Hon. and Learned Friend
the Attorney General had given notice of a Bill to amend the
present Act, he (Sir F. Pollock) would ask leave to introduce
a clause which would answer the object of the petitioners.
DUTY ON SOAP.
Mr. R. WALLACE presented a petition from Greenock
which was numerously and respectably signed, praying
for a Repeal of the duty upon soap. He hoped that
they would be able to beat the Chancellor of the Exche-
quer on this question. The duty had been partially reduced,
but unless it were entirely put an end to, the people would not
be content. When the duty on any article was only par-
tially reduced, there was always a recurrence of the prayers
of the people for its total repeal. He hoped that other
Hon. Members would join him in the proposal to repeal
this tax, and that they would be able to beat the Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer upon a division.
Mr. F. MA ULE presented a petition to the same effect
from Perth, but could not promise to give the same opposition
to his Right Hon. Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
