TO -THE FREEHOLDERS OF NORTHUMBERLAND.
GISTLEAtzIi, .
HE PARLIAMENT is now upon the eve of
• ita DISSOLUTION, and I shall immediately leave town
Red fitnrn among you.
-It gives me great satisfaction that in the short period which
hal 4111),%ed since I left the County, I have had an opportunity of
_P"ving 41 you my determination, if I have again the honour of
L
"lug returned by you to Parliament, to discharge my duty with
real, integrity and independence.
I have pledged myself in the House of Commons, to bring
4teforethe next_raxliatnent the Subject of a Petition, which has
been entrusted to me, and I renew that pledge to you, in the
conviction that my Constituents are never indifferent to what
4PPeara tole an Attack upon the Liberty of the Subject.
The language of confidence is so familiar to all Candidates, and
so often employed by them to promote, rather than declare, their
success, that I shalt content mySelf with thanking you moat
iiincerely and warmly for the great encouragement which you have
;given eie to expect a complete triumph at the approaching Elec-
il64; and with an assurance that I shall. not abandon that hope
while a Freeholder remains unpolled in the County.

I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your grateful unit &voted Se►vant,
THOMAS WSNTWORTII BEAUMONT.
Bitint Jamees-place, May 30, 1826.

7° THE firENT LEMENeCLERGY, AND FREEHOLDERS,
OF THE COUNTY OF NORTHIJAHIERLAND.
Carservestatt,
IT being generally underitooti that Parliament will
be dissolved in a few days, I beg once more to tender you
mr most grateful thanks for the very flattering manner in which
1Y:o received LI IC on nly recent canvass for the high honour of again
.eun'ing 000 of' yonr Representatives in Parliament. The short
N,iod I have held that distinguished situation, has I am aware,
Morse,]
ht
me little occasion of proving to the county how far I am a
Person to. be entrusted with the exercise of the important
unties of that honourable station. I hive, however, had oppor-
tunities ut declaring to you publicly my political principles, and it
is encouraging and ratifying to me to know that the principles
have hitherto maintained, and shall continue to maintain,
are ill perfect unison with those of a great majority of the
county. Though I sin decidedly adverse to granting further
Political power to the Roman Catholics, I shall ever be an advo-
cate for religious toleration in its utmost latitude. lam an enemy
to slavery wherever and in whatever shape it way exist, and my
!pliable endeavoura shall not be wanting to obtain its speedy and
104 abolition in all parts of the British dominions.
If, by your independent anffrages,l shall be again plum! in the
enviable situation to which it is my utmost ambition to aspire, I
Iwg you to he assured 1 will zealously endeavour to perform its
duties,
and especially to watch over awl protect the local interests
of my native county.
I have the honour to remain, with unfeigned gratitude nod
re,Peet, Gentlemen,
Your devoted and much obliged servant,
MATTHEW BELL.

Woolsiagton, May Q 9, 1626.

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT FREE BUR-
GESSES. OF THE TOWN AND COUNTY OF NEW-
CASTLE-UPON-TYNE.
GENTLIUM
114 expectation of an early Dissolution of Parlia-
ulna, I announce to you my intention of ',eliciting the honour
e
Your suffrages for the fourth time.
arn faithful to the constitutional principles which first recom-
"'led me to your favour, and if, in your judgment, I have been
July diligent in the discharge of the duties confided to ow, I have
4'14 too long experience of your kindness to apprehend your ap-
hitching decision:
To in' Vida distinguished by your independent choice—again
ft
nw
fee IWO in the Legislature of the country to that portion of
TY've mtbjects whose claim to my esteem and gratitude t&
,nne
net circumstance can ever abate, is the highest honour
ev“lVlre to; and if my past services, in very eventful tittles, are
t, Ping of your recollection, the continuance of your confidence
reward I covet.
shall proceed to any post es soon as I sue released from my
Ittrulanee here ; and, in the Mean time, %sit], every sentiment of
"Peet and attachment,

1 remain,

Your much obliged and most obedient,
CUTHBERT ELLISON.
79. Pall-Mall, London, 22d May, 1826.
