COME'LE l'E RESIDENCE

For a Small Genteel Family, Farms, &c. on the Border of
the New Forest, Hampshire.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION
.• In Several Lots,
On Thursday, the ad 'Day of April next. at the Greyhound
Inn, in Fordingbridge,
A GENTEEL DWELLING-HOUSE, with two
„Ca_ COach• houses, feUr-stalled Stable,-beautiful Gatden,
well stocked with Wall-fruit,' &c. &c. of above Half an
Acre, and several small Fields, of about :Eight Acres, lying
contiguous, situate at the Entfance of Poidingbridge, late the
Property and Residence of Stephen Turner, Esq. deceased ;
firming a most desirable Residence fOr a Gentleman's Fami-
ly. Fox and,other HoUnds n ain't a-short distance, the finest
River almost in England through the Town, and the Beau-
ties of the. surrounding Country, and all other Particulars
c:ncur iu making • this. a most desirable Opportunity for a
Gi.litleinan wishing the pleasures of a country-life, .and the
conoortA. of a town close to his house.
At the same time will he also Sold by AtiEtion, a very
good Farm of above sod Acres, within the Parish of Fording,
bridge, lett to an unexceptionable Tenant for the term of
SeVett. Years from Micbaelinas, 11304 ; and another Farm of
about as Acres, cloSe to the Town, now tett from year to
year to a like good Tenant ; and_some small Houses and
Gardens near the above-mentioned Welling-liouie.
And on the same Day and the next following ( Friday, the
3d April) will aiso he scld by A udion (on the Premises), the
very good Household Furniture in the above-mentioned
Dwelling-house'; a one-horse Chaise, and the Horse belong-
ing to it ; and various other Articles to be mentioned' in the
Catalogue.
N.B. The said Dwelling- house, Garden,.&c. are in most
excellent repair and condition, and fit for immediate ueett-
pation.. Distance from Salisbury ti miles. Southampton so,
Ringwood 6, Lymington IS, Lyndhurst so, Christchurch
Ls, Woodyeates Inn 'so, Biandfotd 20.
Printed Particulats will be delivered at Mt. Young's, the
Auttioneer, at gomsey ; Mr. Eldertield's Otfice.'ditto ; at
Mr. Strickland's, Fordingbridge rind at Messrs, andys and
Horton's, Crane-court, Fleet-street, London and a view of
the ?remises maybe had.by applying'at the House.

TO'THE LADIES.'
BAGAZ ET' s ORIENTAL DEPILATORY, fot
. removing SUPERFLUOUS HAIRS from the FACE,
NECK, ARMS, &c. and for improving the COMPLEC.
TION. The above has been sufficiently celebrated througft.
out the Eastern Nations, frOm whence it was first brought
to this Country by Lady M.--ue,and
has since that time Sustained a charaaer in England, and
on the Continent, as the only .depilatory ever offered
to the Public which unites s i
iio
to irritate even the delicate skin r ant, Kith
ble and permanent efficacy. The constant spurious at.
tempts to imitate this Depilatory have induced the
Proprietor to appoint Mrs. Kitight,. No. I, Baker's-court,
Holborn Bars, his sole Vende'r, by ,:horn it will iwitzture be
sold, and at no ottier h use in London.-Letters, pdst paid,
and inclositig the amount, punch:lllly exeetite,i. rric4,3s.
bd. the Bottle. An ab:iteli:ent of is- it-. the six Bottles,

N. B. In Turkey anti Egypt it is empb.yed by the ken tv
give untformity and shape qp their ivhtsl,aships, arc.

lOPERIAL PARLIJIMEATT,

HOUSE OF PEERS,

3fONDAy, SIARCFI 23.

Titt Duke of Beaufort, the Earl of Orford, Earl
O'Neil, and Lord Middleton, took the Oaths and
their Seats.

The' Royal Assent was given, by commission; to
the Mutiny Bill', the Royal Marine Mutiny Bill, the
Sugar Drawback Bill, the Irish Tobacco Bill, .the.
Bahama Salt Bill, the Paddington Canal Coal Bill,
and six Private Bills.

The Commissioners were the Loßn CHANCELLOIt,
14014C1 WALSINGHAM IiDLI Lord AUCKLAND.
In an Appeal, Fordyce v. Gordon, Bart. the Lord
Advocate ,
.of Scotland was heard, for the Respon-
dent—Further consideration to-morrow.

Sir Theophilus Metcalfe, Mr. Hohhouse, Lord
Stan;e7, and several other'Members of the House of
Commons, brought up the Globe- Albion, Pelican,
and London Assurance Companies' Bills ; which
were read a first time. .."

SLAVE TRADE.
The Earl of WESTMORLAND. presented a Petition
from certain. Planters, Mortgagees, Merchants, and
others, interested in the Witst India Islands, against
a Clause:added by:the House of Commons .to the
Slave Trade Abolition Bill,, ena&ing that. Negroes.
seized in consequence of. illiCit trade should be de-
clared free ; which they stated would be produ&ive
of great danger to the Colonies.—Ordered.to lie on
the table.
Lord.GRENNLLE moved the order of the Day
for taking into• consideration the Amendments made
by the House of Commons in the Slave Trade Abo
lition Bill. HiS Lordship observed that the obje&
of the greater part of these Athendments was to en-
force penalties and forfeitures upon those earrying.on
the trade after the period fixed byParliament for its
Abolition, which it was not - the 'prataice of that
House to enad. These Amendments, therefore;
were merely calculated the better to carry into effe&
the principle of the Bill.. With respe& to the
Amendment in the Preamble,' leaving out the words,
" declaring the Trade to be contrary to justice, hu-
.manity, and sound policy," it would not be imagined,
after what he had said upon, the 'subjed, that his
opinion had sustained any alteration. It having,
however, been thought right by the House of Com.-

mons to make this afteraCion, in order that the feel-
ipgs of those concerned "in the Trade might not be
wounded, he had no objc6tiOn to it.

The Bishop of LAN-DAFE, not having been pre-
sent at the former discussions of this Bill, took this
opportunity of delivering his sentiments., His Lord-
ship quoted several passages from the Scriptures; and
cited instances from history to prove the existence
of slavery at every period,which could be traced, and
that it might be even suppOsed to exist amongst the
Antediluvians. He considered, however, the Afri-
Din Slale Trade to be so barbarous and inhuman,
that the Abolition,Of it would be recorded in Flea=
'yen, and would tend to avert' from this Country-the
visitation of the wrath of the Almighty.
The Earl of IP ESTMORLdilientered at con-;
siderable length into- a discussion of the Amend
ments, the greater part of which he. considered in--
expedient and impolitic. He conceived' the,mea--
sure to be pregnant with danger. to the Colonies, and
as those who supported it-wished to wash their hands
of the Slave Trade, so he wished to wash his hands
of the Abolit ion. t

The M.irquis of SLIGO said a few words, sitting,
(being too infirm to rise) in a low tone of voice,
which.We understood to be expressive of his desire
that the Trade .should not be declared 'contrary to
justice and humanity.
Me Duke cf ORFOLK trusted their Lordships
would agree to the Amendruents, apd thus be en-.
abled to present for the sandion of their Sovereign,
during a week devoted • to the performance of a part
of tinr religious rites, a measure, than which no one
could be presented more just or more humane, or
more worthy the appi-Onation of a Christian Prince.
The Amendments Were react and agreed to; with
the exception 'of a verbal alteration made on the
Motion of Lord Grenville.

Lord GRENVILLE moved that a message should
be sent to the House of Commons to inform them
that the Amendments had been agreed to, and took
the opportunity of congratulating their Lordships on
the completion of this important measure.

ADMINISTRATION OF lUSTICE IN SCOTLAND.
Lord • GRENVILLE moved an instrudion to the
Committee on the Scats Judicature Bill, to divide it
into two or more Bills. His Lordship wished it to
be distin&ly understood that he only 4id this for the
sake of- more expeditiously discussing. the different
-parts of this measure.
The Motion was agreed to, and the Committee,
on the Motion of Lord GRENVILLE, postponed till
Wednesday, for whiOh day the Lords were ordered
to be summoned.

The Irish Licence 1301 .passed through a Com-
mittee, and was reported.—Adjourned till to-mor-
row (this day).

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

MONDAY, MARCH 23.

A Message from the .Lords acquainted the
House that their Lordships had agreed to. the Mu-
tiny Bill, and to the Coal Inland Navigation Bill.
lyiessrs, Jocidrell, Raisell, R. ThorntOn, and
Whitshed Keenp, were ordered to be discharged
f-oin the cu,to,iy Of the Serjeant at Arms, at the
rising of. the House this day; each first paying
his "fees.

A Petitiol Was presented by Lord STON, from
the Chancellor, Fellows, and Scholars of the Uni-
versty 'of Cambridge, against. the Bill now pending,
(enabling rllajesty to avall himself of the Ser-
vices 'of h:s liege SubjeCis of ail PersuasionS in the
Army and Navy. ^
