LAW NOTICES.

COURTS OF CHANCERY.
♦PPOINTED BITTINOL '
Seals and Petitions before the. Lord Chancellor, previous to Eas.
ter.Teroc-

Wednesday, April 25
Thursday, - 26} Lunatic and Bankrupt Petitions.
Friday, - 27
Saturday, -28 Second Seal.
Monday, -30 Petitions.
Seals, Pleas, Demurs., Excepts., and Fur. Directs., before the
Vice Chancellor previous to Easter Term.

Wednesday, April 25 I.Plels Deraurs Excepts, and Fur.
Thursday, ' •
Directs.
Friday, 27
Saturday, —23 Second Seal.
Monday, —29 Petitions.
ECCLESIASTICAL AND MARITIME COURT,
SITTINGS EASTER TERM.
ARCHES, before Sir JOHN NlceoLt.—First Session, Monday,
April 30.—Second Session, Saturday, May s.—Third Session,
Saturday, May 12,—Fourth Session, Saturday, May 19.
ADMIRALTY, before Lord Stoweri..First Session, Tuesday,
May L—Second Session, Tuesday, May S.—Third Session, Tues-
day May 15.—Fourth Session, Tuesday, May 2
PREROGATIVE, before Sir JOHN NICHOLL.—FIrSt Session, Wed-
nesday, May 2.—Second Session, Wednesday, May 9.—Third
Session, Wednesday, May W.—Fourth Session, Friday, May 25.
DELEGATES, before the SURROGATES.—F'7st Session, Thurs-
day, May I—Second Session, Thursday, May 10.—Third Ses-
sion, Thursday, May 17.—Fourth Session, Saturday, May 20.
cONSISTORY, before CHRISTOPHER ROBINSON.—First Ses-
sion, Friday, May I.—Second Session, Friday, May 11.—Third
Session, Friday, May 18.—Fourth Session, Wednesday, May 30.
Each Court sit.; at Ten o'clock, except the Admiralty, which
sits at Eleven.

ROLLS' COURT.
Notice.—The under-mentioned Causes having for a long time
stood adjourned in the Registrar's General Cause Paper, without
any application having been made to the Court respecting them,
and there being reason to believe that most of them have been
compromised, or otherwise disposed of, notice is hereby given
that they will he struck out of the parr, mien sufficient rea-
son for retaining them shall be signified, in writing, at this Of-
fice, on or before the first day of Easter Term next.—Secretary's
Office, Rolls; March 13, 1827.
Gibson s'. Selines
Lord Hawke v. Carr
Abbs v. Livie
Judge v. I,oleat
Lipscomb v. Woodward
Cabanell v. Lynch
Steadman v. Haynes
Merest v. Coster
Shrubb v. Peppin
Hoskins v. Lloyd
Ilambrook v. Simmonds
Jackson v. M'Quarrie
Same v. Simla
Same v. Middleton
Same v. Att.-General
Hughes v. Hughes
Frank v. Bellamy e
General Petition Day at the Rolls, on Tuesday, May 1, at Six
o'clock in the evening. Petitions must be set down, and copies
left with the Secretary, before Two o'clock on the preceding day.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER.
•
The Lord Chief Baron will sit on Causes at Gray's Inn Hall,
on Monday, April 30, at Eleven o'clock, and on Tuesday,
May 1, at Ten.

Frank v. Mainwaring
Ord. Office v. Close
Jones v. Ingall
Barlow v. Bardesley
Swift v. Swift

Hulkes v. Barrow
Foot v. Ashley
Jones v. Harris

Hoiwell v. Harris
Eyre v. `Raton
Einsden v. Curling
Baldwin v. Lewis
Mackenzie v. Idle
Stubbs v. Yonge
Stubbs v. Jenkins
Bayley v. Bellott

THE TUNNEL UNDER TIIE THAMES.—
Mr. Brunel, jun. and Mr. Gravat, his colleague,
not satisfied with the usual means of ascertaining
the nature of the strata of earth which they were
about to encounter, on Saturday last determined
to descend, by means of a diving bell, at the spot
where the excavation is now carrying on. At
seven o'clock, all the arrangements having been
completed, Mr. Brunel, junior, and Mr. Gravat
entered the machine, and were lowered amidst
the anxious anticipations of the surrounding
visitors. The usual signals were given, and
promptly answered ; and after remaining about
twenty minutes under the water, and completing
the object of their visit, the subaqueous adven-
turers returned, and were received with high tes-
timonies of approbation and good feeling by the
surrounding- group. It was stated, on very good
authority, that the result of this descent, on
which occasion additional borings took place,
was so satisfactory, that no reasonable apprehen-
sion of final success could possibly exist.
Throughout the whole of Sunday, these borings
were continued, and at one period of the day
Messrs. Brunel and Gravat were under the water
upwards of three hours.
COST OF SLAVERY.-lt 'having been as-
serted by the advocates of the abolition of slavery,
that the West Indies occasion an expense to the
country of 1,600,0001., the supporters of the
West India interest, relying on the want of dis-
tinct official document as to the disposal of our
military and naval forces, have ventured to deny
that the expense is so great. To meet this de-
nial, a statement has been made with great care
and labour, and it results, that instead of
1,600,0001:a year, the sum which may be fairly
considered as expended for the support of the
slave colonies is no less than 2,066,2321. !

Such an expense, says the author of the state-
ment, would be unnecessary for the support of
colonies of free men in the West Indies, and may
therefore be added to the almost incalculable sa-
crifices we are called upon to make for the sup-
port of slavery. The statement is too long for
insertion in our paper, but it is pasted up in our
office, and may be seen by any one who is de-
sirous of examining the items which compose
this enormous expenditure.—Manchester Gaz.

FASHIONABLE AND MISCELLANEOUS.

Yesterday morning, about ten o'clock, the
Duke of Devonshire went to Mr. Canning, at

his house in Downing-street, having returned
from the Marquis of Lansdown, at his seat at
Richmond. His Grace remained with Mr.

Canning till half-past one. Soon after the de-
parture of his Grace, Mr. Canning went to the
King, and remained with his Majesty an hour
and a half, and then returned to Downing-street,
when the Minister had another interview with
the Duke of Devonshire, accompanied by the
Earl of Carlisle. His Grace and his Lordship
continued with Mr. Canning in deliberation for
an hour and a half. Mr. Canning afterwards re-
ceived visits from the Marquis of Anglesea, Vis-
count Granville, Earl Morley, Lord Seaford,
Mr. Huskisson,

Sir John Copley had an audience of the King
yesterday at his Palace in St. James's.
Letters have been received in town from Ber-
lin, dated the 9th inst., at which period the Duke
of Cumberland had completely recovered the fa-

culty of sight in his right eye. His Royal High-
ness was also in the enjoyment of good health.
Earl Harrowby, the Marquis of Sligo, and the
Marquis de Palmella, the Portuguese Minister,
transacted business yesterday at the office of the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.
On Sunday Sir Alexander Grant gave a grand
dinner, at his residence in Privy-gardens, at
which were present, Mr. Canning, the Earl of
Limerick, Viscount Granville, Viscount Dudley,
Lord Seaford, Lcrd. Bingham, Lord Mount-
charles, Lord Louvaine, Lord Howard de 'Wal-
den, Mr. Huskisson, Mr. Wilmot. Horton, Mr.
Littleton, and Mr. Planta.
Mr. Croker left town on Saturday night, in
order, as it is understood, to offer himself as a
candidate for the vacancy in the representation of
Dublin University, occasioned by the appoint-
ment of Mr. Plunkett to be Master of the Rolls.
It is expected that Mr. Saurin will oppose Mr.
Croker. _ .

We are glad to hear that Mr. Huskisson's
health is completely restored. The Right Hon.
Gentleman had a long interview with the Mar-
quis of Hertford, on Sunday, at his house in
Piccadilly ; to which he walked, in his usual
quick manner, from Mr. Canning's office in
Downing-street.
Mr. Baron Garrow, whose recovery has been
retarded by the afflicting loss of his son, is, by
the advice of his physicians, gone to his cottage
near Ramsgate.
Mr. Planta will commence his official duties
at the Treasury Board to-morrow, and will be
succeeded"' as Under Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs by Mr. Backhouse.
Notwithstanding Lord Bexley's temporary re-
turn to the duties of the Duchy of Lancaster, it
is said that the office is destined not long hence
to reward the services of a fortunate son of Escu-
lapius.—Morning Paper.
The title which is talked of for Sir J. Copley

is Lord Lyndhurst. This title, it is said, was
once thought of for the late Mr. G. Rose. Mr.
Robinson will take, we believe, the title of Lord
Gooderich, and Sir C. Abbott that of Lord Ten-
terden. If the Lord Chief Justice is raised to
a peerage, it will, we have reason to think, be in
redemption of a promise made by Lord Eldon.
If professionahmerit'were to-• decide questions of
this kind, Sir C. Abbott would have been a peer
long ago. He is universally admitted to be the
ablest and most learned lawyer that has presided
in the Court of King's Bench since the days of
Lord Chief Justice Holt.
Mr. J. S. Cooke, brother to the claimant of
the still disputed Barony of Stafford, has gone to
Stafford for the purpose of serving the present
possessor of Stafford Castle, Sir George Jer-
ningham, with a writ of ejectment.
The Marquis of Bristol entertained the Mar-
quis and Marchioness of Clanricarde, and a dis-
tinguished party to dinner on Sunday, at their
villa, Putney Heath.
The Earl of Morley entertained a large party
to dinner yesterday at Kent House, Knights-
bridge.
Mrs. Beilby Thompson entertained a large
?.rty of the haut ton, yesterday evening, at her
house in Berkeley-square.

The Rev. J. 'F. James, D.D., Rector of Fl:

ton-cum-Silsoe, preached his farewell sermon on
Sunday last, being appointed Bishop of Calcutta.
He left Flitton on Tuesday last.—Northampton
Mercury.
We are sorry to hear that the Rev. Mr. Ben-
son continues too much indisposed to afford any
prospect of his resuming his powerful appeals
from the pulpit for the present.
The Inconstant will be acted on Saturday
night, at Covent-garden Theatre, on which oc-
casion Miss Jarman will make her first appear-
ance as Oriana. She will be supported by Mr.
C. Kemble, in Young Mirabel.
Mademoiselle Delphine Schauroth, whose
talents have so much delighted the lovers of the
piano-forte, is again returned to London.
SPARRING.—After some remarks made lin
Lord L—d—rd—le, in which his Lordship in-
dulged the Upper House with a taste of his ad-
mirable principles and speculations, Lord K—ng
engaged him m a little private conversation,
which led to the following pleasant termination :
Lord K.: Indeed, my Lord, I cannot com-
prehend you.--Lord L.: That's your affair. I
can't find you in comprehension.—Lord K.:
No. That I verily believe. Your's is not an
exportingcielt fori home consumption.
l lead.ltisterril:lyput to it, to raise
sffi
Sir N.
C. Tindal has, as we anticipated, de-
clared himself a candidate for the representation
of the University of Cambridge in Parliament.
Sir Nicholas arrived at Trinity Lodge on Satur-
day, when he immediately proceeded on his can-
vass, and met, we understand, with great success.
Sir Nicholas took his degree in the year 1799,
when
he gained the first academical honours.
He was shortly afterwards elected a Fellow of
Trinity College. On leaving the University, he
applied himself with unremitting industry to the
study of the law, and now enjoys the highest
reputation in that learned profession. He was a
few years since brought into Parliament by Lord
Liverpool, and has invariably followed the poli-
tics of that Minister.
A most amusing caricature was published yes-
terday relative to the late changes in the Cabinet.
It is entitled " The Game Cock and the Dung-
hills." Mr. C g, as the game cock, is
represented standing on a dunghill, crowing and
driving seven dunghill cocks from him. The
foremost to retire is IV n, and after him
the L—d C r, muttering " resignation."
John Bull is represented as a countryman with
a pitchfork in his hand, applauding the courage
of the game cock, and rejoices that the dung-
hills, who had so long eaten his corn, were driven
from the Treasury. His Majesty is supposed to
be looking frOm St. James's Palace,- and asking
John Bull's opinion as to the merits of the
game cock.—Morning Paper.
