HA YT 1.

From afile of Haytian Papers we extract the
blowing PROCLAMATION of the PRESIDENT of
MATTI to his Countrymen, on the rupture of the
'Negociations with France for the recognition of
the Independence of that Island :-----
JEAW IYMEit, President of Hayti, . .

AM nations have had their ;evolutions, glorious or pernicious,
_ according to the causes which have given rise to them. Some
. have derived their splendour from such political shocks ; others
have been shaken,. and have fallen into decay. These, too
corrupt to preserve thens.tional energy unimpared in the midst
of storms, have sold their, liberty, attil.have crouched beneath
allisgraceful servitude ; those, on the.contrary, arming them-
eelves with a noble resolution, have shaken offthe foreign yoke,
and rendered themselves independent. It is in the rank of the
.latter that it has pleased Divine Providence to place us. We
shall constantly employ hil our efforts to justify in the eyes of
• the world the unequivocal signs of the Supreme Will.
Having issued victorious from the struggle in which they
were engaged by the necessity of regaining their inalienable
. rights, the llaytian nation, enlightened by experience, had no
other ambition than to found the basis of their government upon
institutions similar to those which had entitled a celebrated
people to the suffrage of the universe. From that time they
• perceived, that to reach the height of their destiny it was ne-
•eessary to carry agriculture to a flourishing state, to hasten
• civilization, and to invite commerce into their ports. All the
nations who desired to establish a reciprocity of trade with our
Republic were therefore admitted and protected. France her- I
self was no sooner reconciled to Europe, whose fleets no longef
shut the seas against her, than she sought the means of parti-
cipating in the advantages of these relations. Too just to iro-
- pute to a Monarch who had just re-ascended the throne of his
ancestors, the wrongs of an aggression anterior to his Govern-
ment, we received the commerce of-that Power, but under a
masked flag. This form of admission was necessary for the
• national security.
Such was the situation of Hayti, when, towards the end of
October 11114,. General Dauxion Lavaysse, furnished with in-
strictions by M. Malonet, Minister of his Most Christian Ma-
jesty for the Marine Department, landed at this port. His pro-
positions were as ridiculous as the object of his overture was
_treacherous. They were rejected, and the nation held them-
-selves upon their guard. It is true that his Most Christian
Majesty disavowed the mission of that agent; but we were
then permitted to consider as authentic powers invested with
the signature of a Minister who would not dare to deny it.
'General Dauxion returned to Jamaica in .the early part of
December.

Two years after, and at the very time when Hayti was oc-
cupied in revising the fundamental act of her regeneration, a
. second deputation arrived on board the French frigate La
..Flore, which, although emanating directly from his Most
Christian Majesty, had no better success, because the preten-
sions had not been changed.
Notwithstanding these attempts, well calculated to awaken
tho distrust of the people upon the projects of a Cabinet who
_persisted in seeking to make them retrograde towards slavery,
the French commerce continued, nevertheless, to carry on, with
the most perfect security, its transactions with Hayti.
The correspondence to which the two missions just men-
tioned gave rise, having been published by my predecessor, I
shall not enlarge further upon this first epoch of the diploma-
•tic overtures of France with the Government of the Republic.
It now remains for me to make known the details of the nego-
ciations, of which it was believed possible to renew the thread
_with me. To these I shall annex the official papers relating
thereto.

The re-union of the northern part of the Republic gave birth
to fresh propositions which 31. Aubert du Petit Thouars was
charged to bear to me on the part of the Councillor of State,
Esmangart, who, at the time of the mission of the Viscount de
Fontanges, in 1816, of which he formed a part, acquired, by
the manifestation of liberal principles I.ere, the esteem of the
Haytian Government. .11. Aubert announced to me, that his
-Majesty Louis XVIII. 'c had decided to consecrate our inde-
pendence, and confined himself to claim the right of Lord Pa..
ramount, with indemnities for the cession of the territory and
property."
My answer was positive, and whilst 1 repulsed even the very
titaclow of a Protectorate, I consented to revive, as the only way
that could lead to a definitive treaty, the offer of a reasonably
calculated indemnity, which my predecessor had made to Ge-
neral Dauxion, and which the Viscount de lontanges had dis-
carded. This offer, on my part, remained in oblivion, not-
withstanding that M. Aubert had given me the assurance that
nothing was waited for to finish it, except the knowledge of my
determination.

It should be remarked, that every event which increased the
prosperity of the Republic, was shortly after followed by the
sending of some agent, whose mission was ever rendered abor-
tive by the retractions of the French Cabinet.

Scarcely had the inhabitants of the eastern part expressed
Ineir firm desire to form with us, in future, a single and same
nation, and had realised the requirements of the Constitution,
when M. Lint presented himself to me, with confidential notes
from the Marquis de Clermont Tonnerre, 31inister of the Marine.
The object of these notes was to induce me to make a becom-
ing overture. His Government; lie said, having already made
the first advances in vain, was desirous that I should take the
initiative in my turn.
- I had not forgotten that the mission of Gen. Dauxion, which
was altogether as ministerial as that of M. Liot, had been for-
mally disavowed. I also knew what to think of the motives of
non-success, which served as a pretext for this proposition ; but,
beiitg.desirous of affording a fresh proof of my conciliatory dis-
position, and thinking that it would be agreeable to bins who
solicited this negociation, that it should be carried on with se-
crecy, I believed that it could not then be placed in more suitable
.hands than in those of Gen. Boye, who had been here for some
time.

This General, who justly possesses my esteem and confidence,:
set out in the month .of 31ay, 11;23, investal with my
,full:
powers, to accomplish the conclusion of .a commercial treaty,
founded upon the recognition of thc independence of Hayti_
It is surprising, that the negotiator appointed by the Marquis
de Clermont Tonnerre to confer with bins, had nut:it sufficient
Latitude given to him to accept my proposition,since, after all-
that had been in agitation since 1814, the French Cabinet ought
to have been fixed, both upon our deteranknation, and upon the-
&amends with which France could hope that we should comply.
However it might be, this negotiation, which the Ministers had
urged with their utmost .miscarried (will it be be-
lieved ?) from a chicanery upon the nature and mode of the
indemnity proposed by lienerai Boye.'
M..Esmangart, in his letters dated-August n, and October,
20, 1823, expressed to arri'e ,how., deeply he regretted that the
misiion with which At'tittral 'l3die was charged had not suc-
ceeded. He attlibutie-ttie"catm of it to tl e choice of my agent,
and the ditfeemeeFwhich lie found betweei the propositions
inside tohim Wine on the 10th of May, 1821, and those which
' (4W*ell.Boyeliresented to him. Nevertheless, not despairing
of, being able to bring to an end an affair which he had so
much at -heart, he urged me to send another agent, who, from
his situation, was not indifferent to the results of the negocia-
tioni,and who should he the bearer of my first propositions ;
assuring me, that then the King's Government, who wished
foe nothing except just and moderate conditions—such, in short,
ads I myself had desired, would ever be disposed to treat upon
these . bases—bases which, he admitted, had nothing unac-
ceptable, and which, unquestionably, he was not authorised to
farther in the interval that elapsed between my dispatch of '
May 10, 1821, and the day of his conference with Generai
Boye, at Brussels, in August, 1823.
'To these two letters of M. Esmangart, a third soon succeed-
, eaf, which he addressed to me on the Bth Nov. 1823, to announce
M. Laujon as the possessor of his entire confidence, and to ex-
•• press to me his ardent desire shortly to co-operate in the con-
clusion of the treaty which was so put an end to all the uncer-
tainties. In effect4.M. Laujon landed at Port-au-Prince a few
days after. any proclamation of the 6th Jan. last, and presented
tonne a note in the form of instruction. After having stated in I
this note,. that it had not been in his power to prevent the rup-
ture of the negociation at Brussels, 3!. Esmangart added that
he had pleasure in believing that I would return to the dispo-
, -sition which I had announced to him in the dispatch which 31.
Aubert had been charged to deliver to him. In support of this
- assertion, M. Laujon made endeavours to induce me to send
an agent to. France, affirming that the King's Government
rendered dependent upon this step the formality of the recog-
. ninon of tfie independence of Hayti, after the bases of the 10th
_ Mity, 1821.
So much perseverance on the part of M. Esmangart, in pur-
--. going the accomplishment of this great work, determined me to
verily to his last letter by my dispatch of, the .4th February,
-1624, informing him that, yielding to the desire of his Govern-
ment, I was about to that effect to ,send to France a mission
with the powers necessary. -In consequence, on the Ist of May
last, the citizens Larosse,eaenator, and Rouanez, notary of the
.:-Government, embarked on board the commercial brig the
Julius Tholes, furnished with my letters of credence, dated the
28th April, 1824, and with my instructjons of the same date,
which could leave no doubt upon the clauses of the treaty which
they were charged to conclude, and upon the indispensable for-
. mahty of the recognition, by a Royal ordonnance, of our abso-
lute independence of all foreign domination of the authority of
a lord paramount, and even of the protectorate of any Power
whatever ; in a word, of the independence which we have en- '
jaYed for 20 years.
I did not hesitate to consider it my duty to congratulate my-
self upon having sent off the citizens Larose and Rouanez,
m"61." they had not then reached their destination,,upon receiy.
