. •
Learned Gentleman to withdraw his motion.—(Cheers.)
Mr. O'CONNELL said, if he was at liberty to suppose
that the cheers which greeted the Right Hon. Birone'
expressed the opinion of the entire House—(Cheers)—
well, then, he would withdraw his motion till that day
week.

IRISH JURIES.
Mr. SHEIL, in withdrawing his motion respecting the
exclusion of Roman Catholics from juries on Crown pro-
secutions in Ireland, which frond in his name for that
evening, expressed a hope that, before the next session,
Government would direct their attention to the subject,
and cause such an alteration in the system by which juries
were selected, as would destroy the appearance of that
partiality and unjust exclusion by which it was at present
surrounded.
Mr. Finn, Mr. Buckingham, Colonel Evans, Mr. Col-
quhoun, Mr. J. Murray, Mr. Holcomb, Mr. Ruthven, and
Colonel Williams, respectively postponed notices of mo-
tions, in order to make way for the Committee on the
Abolition of Slavery Bill.
COLONIAL SLAVERY BILL.

Mr. STANLEY having moved the order of the day,
the House resumed the Committee on the Abolition of
Slavery Bill.
On clause 1, providing that no slave, after the Ist of
November, 1833, shall be obliged to work more than ten
hours a day, or sixty hours a nerk, and prohibiting pu-
nishments without the order of a Magistrate, being pro-
posed,
Mr. MARRYAT expressed his opinion that it would
be very hazardous to commence the operation of the clause
at so early a period as the Ist of November, 1833. He
would suggest to the Right Hon. Secretary for the Colo-
nies the propriety of either extending the period for a few
months, or altogether withdrawing the clause, and thus
leave the slaves as they were until the Ist of August, 1834
—the period when the system of apprenticeship was to
take effect.
Mr. STANLEY urged upon the House the impro-
priety of adopting the suggestion of the Hon. Member
who had just spoken. If the operation of the clause was
deferred until January or February next it would come in
force precisely at the period that the crops were being col-
lected, a consequence which he was sure required no ar-
gument on his part to deprecate. There was then but an
alter native lefts—either the total postponement of the provi-
sions of the clause to the Ist of August, 1834, or, as was
proposed, that they should come into effect on the Ist of
November, 1833. Now, was the House, after deliberately
establishing the principle that slavery should be imme•
diately abolished, prepared to say that for a period of
twelve months the object of their mercy should be ex-
posed to the mercy of his master, and that master
with the certainty that of the end of a twelvemonth
he should cease to exercise his sway perpetually recur-
ring to his mind ? He was sure it was not.—(Hear, hear,
bear.) With regard to the stipendiary Magistracy, he
was happy to he able to sty that there was every reason
to suppose they could be established immediately on
the passing of the Bill. Notwitbstandirg the small rate
of salaries proposed, there had been already a host of appli-
cations from a class of men peculiarly fitted for the si,ua-
tion. He meant the half-pay officers of both the army
and navy.--( Hear.)
Mr. MARRYAT would move that the operation of
the clause should be altogether postponed until the Ist of
August, 1834.
Lord HOWICK entreated the Right Hon. Gentleman
(Mr. Stanley) to aceede to the proposal just made. After
alluding to some observations made on a former evening,
regarding the withdrawal of the Order in Council of 1831,
in which the conduct of a Noble Earl then at the head of
the Colonial office was, he contended, unfairly dealt with,
the Noble Lord expressed a hope that his Right Hon.
Friend would produce to Parliament a copy of the despatch
by which that Order in Council was accompanied, being
confident the production of that document would at once
place the conduct of his Noble Friend in its true light.
Mr. P. M. STEWART felt that no reasonable objec-
tion could be offered to the objects which the clause had
in view; but he also felt how important it was that
'he carrying into effect those objects should be well timed.
He would touch prefer letting things rest as they were for
the present, and postponing the operation of the clause
until the period when the apprenticeships were to com-
mence, namely, the lot of August, 1834.
Mr. O'CONNELL supported the clause as it stood.
Mr. F. BUXTON had no obj-ction to meet the wishes
of the West India body, so far as postponing the operation
of the clause until April or May next, but beyond that
period he hoped the Right Hon Gentleman would not be
induced to defer it.
Mr. E. DENISON concurred in the suggestion that
the clause should for the present be altogether omitted, on
the understanding that its objects should form a portion
of the system of apprenticeship which the Bill went to
cstablisb.—(Hear.)
Mr. STANLEY, after congratulating the Committee
on the reciprocal conciliating tone which seemed likely to
characterise the discussion, had a proposition to offer,
which, he trusted, would please both parties. The 22d
clause went to enact that no colonial law on the subject of
slavery should have effect until sanctioned by the Crown
of Great Britain, and with a view of affording time for
that purpose the Ist of August, 1834, had been named as
the day on which all the provisions of the Bill would come
into operation. With a view, however, of reconciling the
objections urged on both sides of the question, he would
propose that that clause (the 22d) should be omitted, and
that, instead of the Ist of August, 1834, the colonial law
to be founded on the present Bill should come into opera-
tion on the Ist of June, 11'34. Should such an under-
standing be come to, and he assured the House it was
with some reluctance he suggested it, instead of pressing
the clause before the House he would move that it be
omitted, and that its provisions should be incorporated in
the plan of apprenticeship to commence on its operation
the Ist of June next.—(Hear, hear.) By the adoption
of his suggestion he thought the interest of the slave as
well as of the planter would be attained ; but, even if it
infringed on either, he confessed he saw no other way of
reconciling the difficulty.—( Hear.)
Dr. LUSHINGTON acceded to the proposition of the
Right Hon. Gentleman.
Mr. ROBINSON accepted his proposition as a corn
promise.

Mr. G. F. YOUNG wished the period to be extended
t o the Ist of August.
Mr. F. BUXTON was satisfied with the first period.
Mr. STANLEY, as they had at last come to an ami-
cable arrangement, hoped there would be no difference
upon the subject of so short a period of time.
Lord HOWICK would prefer that the time should be
extended to August.

Lord SANDON saw no objection to the Ist of June
being the day fixed.
Lord ALTHORP said that there was really no great
difference between the two periods, but under all the cir-
cumstances of the case he thought it would be better to
adhere to the Ist of June.

After a few words from Dr. BALDWIN, Mr. MA RRYAT,
and Mr. P. STEWART, the first three clauses were con-
solidated into one, with the amendment, and were carried.
Clause the 4th was carried without any discussion.
Clause 5 was put, and, after a short discussion between
Mr. Marryat, Mr. P. Stewart, Mr. Gladstone, and Mr.
Stanley,
Lord HOWICK said that domestic slaves were in a dif-
ferent position to the field slaves, and were ready for eman-
cipation.

Lord ALTHORP thought that there should be a diffe-
renc, rnaise between the pi edial and non.predial slaves ; but
thought this discussion should be deferred till a future op-
portunity.

Afera few words from Mr. Sheil, Mr. Briscoe, Mr.
Stanley, and Lord Sandon,

Mr. HARDY thought that the non-predial apprentices
should be bound !or a shorter period than the predial.
Lord ALTHORP thought that minor details should be
left to the Colonial Assemblies.

Mr. G. F. YOUNG thought the clause was wholly
unnecessary.
The clause, as amended, was then agreed to.
Toe 6tb clause having been put for regulating the term
of apprenticeship for pi edial slaves, and to fill up the blank
limiting such apprenticeships to June, 1840,
Mr. F. BUXTON confessed that the language of the
Noble Lord had alarmed him; but he would truly say of
the present Government that he had received from them
a support and encouragement a thousand times greater
than be had ever tereived from former Governments; and
the fact of their having come forward with this Bill, and
thus exposing themselves, as they did, to much opposition,
by !wilting a grant of 20,000,0001., was the best test of
their siacerity ; and he hoped that he was not insensible
to the obligations which the cause he advocated was under
to the present Government. If it were possible to do so,
he would surrender the propositiOn which he was about
to make ; but he must satisfy his conscience. Convinced
he was that if a species of seven years' apprenticeship
without wages were persevered in, the consequences would
be as fatal as he attempted to describe them on a former
ccasion. He maintained that the question of ap..
Irenticeship was founded on a grand delusien.--(Hear.)
'I he Hon Gentleman proceeded to read an extract from
the evidence of a Mr. Simpson, who had been for 24 years
a manager of an estate in Jamaica, who, upon being asked
whether he bad ever tried, or had ever known of, a systeui
of reward for laborious exertions, had replied, "No ; not
