all of them, the, treasures which the country of
Romer possessed before its disasters would
scarcely suffice. Amongst their ravishers, there
are some with souls so atrocious that they will
not listen to any species of arrangement.
" One of these monsters refused 10,000 piastres
for the ransom of the wife of Gaba, and replied,
that he would not restore her for 200,000. I have
contributed to the ransom of Theodora Halle,
purchased for 5,000 piastres. M. Petrochochico,
on learning the death of his brother, precipitated
himself from a window ; his sister Julia threw
herself into a ditch ; the other, made a slave, was
brought 'here, where she was immediately pur-
chased. Our good friend, Jean d'Andre, was
killed in his house in the presence of his wife,
whilst hastening to save his two sons, who shared
the fate of their father, alsO in the presence of
they mother; the latter has been conveyed in
slavery
to Algiers.
cc
My hand refuses to trace at greater length
the atrocious scenes which I- have witnessed,
and, others a thousand times more dreadful might
be added to these I have cited. In one word,
the sanguinary catastrophe of Scio has produced
the death or misery of 40,000 individuals, for to
!hat amount may be estimated the number of our
I°low-countrymen and countrywomen put to death
er reduced to slavery. Just GOD ! when will the
day of vengeance come, and what vengeance can
ever inflict upon our odious assassins all the
chastisement which they deserve!"

MASSACRE AT SCIO. ,
COPY OF• LETTER WRITTEN FROM LEGHORN, BY
A GREEK HOUSE, TO ONE OF THEIR CONNEC-
TIONS IN LONDON.

" LEGHORN, JUNE 18, 1822.
fr,lllY DEAR FRIEND—In my last of the 15th inst., I in-
T"riflemed you of the arrival here on that day of two of our coun-
tY, n Mr. M. Rodocanachi and Mr. G. Zizinia, from Scio
rY had obtained their passage on board an Austrian ship of
a-„a,tr; and had performed their journey in 37 days from Scio,
30 days from- Smyrna. I know the anxiety you must feel
fb7Pecting the deplorable state of our unfortunate island : of
we are able to judge, by the keenness of our own feelings on
SI subject ; and as these two friends had come direct-from
there,
and had been witnesses of part of the horrors committed
ere, I hardly left them for two days, during which time they
gave me the following vivid picture of the misery of our dear
14ut' rT as nearly as I can remember :
hh: it was on the 11th of April that the Capitan Paella
3,,,74(11, several thousand men ; but the Turkish fleet had
b-Lceiy. hove in sight, when the commander in the castle
derbombarding the town, and from that time till the
diteY of our departure, it was one continued scene of mur-
la'r; etlidagration, and plunder, both in country and town.
th:-I',lrer.e they even satisfied with the ravages fire made upon
}candyuses • its progress was too slow for their fury, and the
tof men aided and assisted the raging element. They
f°°ll-,nles`? the castle about 800 of the gardeners of the principal
whom by dint of threats of instant death, and pro-
of liberty, they forced to confess, as far as they knew,
6 ()ere an._
„ y property had been hid. In almost every garden, at
gra;u. Yards distance, were seen pits dug for the purpose of
Were-lug the supposed concealed treasure. All the women
se_ .
Years of
into slavery ; the men and male children (above 12
ages of
of age) were massacred; the children of the tenderest
%-,6e, and the most beautiful from among the young women,
unedreersealisait on board the
iships
.with great pomp and solemnity,
likenute of guns : they circumcised the male children, in
theett
..of conversion to the Mahonietan faith ; and then sent off
vv.. dren of both sexes by land for Constantinople, by the
-Y.of Smyrna, under escort of Tkish soldiery.
tllgicaents of Turks hadan assembled, and shut up in a place Two in
e country about 700 persons, chiefly peasants, whom they
Ineant to divide among themselves as slaves ; but not being
hue to agree in the partition, began disputing. A priest, more
-loane than the rest, expostulated
to with them upon theirth
l-entions and exhorted them concord, when one of ese sa-
age brutes exclaimed, that the only way to avoid dissension
.lal to put them all to the sword ; and in less than half an hour
these innocent men were put to death. Others of these
the
had in their possession four families of distinction ;
vinrnen and children they sent to the city, and the men they
bled to death. •
the BY all we have been able to gather, it appears, that from
tatzdaeresY
.moment the Turkish fleet was destined for Scio, the
truction of the island, and the annihilation of its inha.
cal It's: were resolved on, without any examination of theird
ed I:,abihty or innocence. On the Bth of May the Pacha or er-
the: ') respectable men that he had on board to be hung up to
t dulasts, which served as a signal to the Governor of the Castle.
the 0 the same with the 85 hostages, ordering at the same time
71111.1411/1, gardeners, who were still in custody, to be strangled.
Ito ce.s-',aeti°th May, on,which day we left Scio, there has been
th °n to murdering, conflagration, and enslarin,. with
hear etr
h accompanying ferocity. Do not be surprised if you
therLat there have been nearly 60,000 Turks on the island ;
weatePurt of the numerous and rich spoils of those who first
thethe "Over, the sight of gold, silver, jewels, &c., shipped off by
cave
to places of safety, enticed over a horde of these
oulailt'aris, thirsting for Christian blood and plunder. The
tam ter of slain amounted, on the 10th, to twenty-five thou-
theseaf captives, to thirty thousand • those who have saved
the %el3'es 13y flight are comparatively few ; those who already
lathed the Continent, and those immediately expected,are
athen-, ones that are saved ; all the others you may reckon
t'4' the dead and the captives. Those even who have escap-
lavi,sol the Turks, must soon fall a prey to famine, as they are
have “R about the mountains without food or raiment. ,How we
ProvietleaPed, we hardly know—it seems a dream; but the divine
aad ben race assisted us, having so many dangers to encountFr,
it waau.4' so well known to the Turkish inhabitants ot Scio,
l!atstvi°lllY changing clothes, and being accompanied by the
-adits,n Consul", fiat saved us. Together we traversed the.
dead bodies
rather hill,• for the whole of the way was strewed with
the .sra-i,odies of men and carcases of animal. s on each side ;
nlarhi 8 of our beautiful houses, built with black Trojan
wont:, alone remained, and in them were seen figures of
!katior dchildren, pale, wan, and emaciated, in morbid de-
kJ h they should be transported as slaves on board the
vesse"s Vethinks their cries, sighs,lamenta-
iors, are still s as they implored the Consul, for the
thee
toour ear ,
e conipassion on them, not to deliver
xea
them Into ,
hands of their worst foes—not to leave them in
hpinepuwer of those who would force them to embrace the Ma-
io, has fiaith. Oh 1 how agonizing were our feelings then ?
asrenea what could be done to save them ?It was thus throuo
at arrowing Co the soul that we at last reached the ship
aaahs to convey Us to Sm_yrna • yet, as if our cup of affliction
this ve-ger was not yet full, 'syesunexpectedly found on board
t 0 Con,ssel 34 young women of the best families, on their road
'tantinople, by the way Of Smyrna, sent thither by the
Per.a4a a present to the Grand Seignor : many of them we were
hu,,Y known to ; the least sign of recognition on their part
"4r liv "7e immediately discovered usto their Turkish guard, and ttifte,p would have been forfeited. It was with the greatez
ht"" d Ywe veiled our features from observation, keeping all
eati,l„uelovv decks and only for a few hours of the night
Pre the fresh air on deck :at last we reached Smyrna,
rallylldiately transported on board this Austrian ship, and
ved Pere But what tongue can utter the perils and
‘•I'S of •
410 'very kind we have beenexposed
toothto 'Tis God, and
vers_ can give aid and consolation is humiliated
aboevae7,rles'e a
tered, race of beings. Those that are gone to another
°ll,rinita)ll.,°st hAPpy: it is their enslaved survivors that claim
my dear friend, the gloomy accounts that the
4,3'ea •Iv's,isteelned friends gave me.' I have heard, and now tell
••bithevi;,a bleeding heart and a tear-fraught eye, that my poor
oW uncle were among the hostages. Oh God !. what a
the ad..,4 vessel is just arrived from Constantinople, giving
this
4e4.1. vice of 0,
4., a ~.e execution there of ten hostages. Will this
heart. "e an and ? J really can write no more, I feel so sick
Adieu."

It , umenems.....mommemoin late I;tas already known that the object of the
1111,1„v'st of LUCIEN BONAPARTE, Prince of CA-
qdQ.' ;: t° Brussels, was the marriage of his
qe sc'n with the eldest daughter of the Count
triar .AllYILLIcas (JOSEPII BONAPARTE). This
Towrniagtle Was celebrated on Saturday last, at the
tnoni- 'all and the Church, with the usual cere-
,.
Let;
I;ari Letter Patent have passed, appointing the
Vic °f °fCLANCARTY,B. his Majesty's
•.A., .
Ornee"unilral, Commissary, and Deputy in the
Co, ornau.-ht is
el for the province of
I l
re and ?
