CHESHIRE.

On Thursday last a meeting of the freeholders of the
county of Chester was held at Northwich, to express the
gratitude of the county to Ministers, for their wise, effi-
cient, and substantial plan of Reform.
The High•Sheriffi Sir T. S. M. STANLEY, Bart., took
the Chair, and briefly opened the business of the day, by
reading the requisition.
Sir J. STANLEY, of Alderley-park, Bart., next ad-
dressed the meeting, and ridiculed with considerable force
the idea of the proposed plan being revolutionary.
C. CHOLMONDELEY, Esq. was the next who addressed
the meeting. His remarks were peculiar ; they were both
for and againt the measure at the same time. He said
he was satisfied if Cheshire could obtain additional repre-
sentation, but why do away with the boroughs, which
had done as much good for Cheshire as they bad for the
West India interests. Mr. Cholmondeley met with con
siderable opposition in some parts of his speech ; in others
he was assailed by laughter, and sometimes heard with the
greatest attention.

Earl GROSVENOR, a considerable sufferer by the Mini-
sterial plan of Reform, rose to reply to the arguments of
the preceding speaker, and satisfactorily refuted them.
He made a most patriotic declaration respecting his bo-
rough interest. He said he was supposed to have consi-
derable interest in five different boroughs; but in four it
was entirely annihilated, and in Shaftesbury one Member
was t .k.n away; but were the sacrifice tenfold as great, he
would cheerfully make it for the good of his country.
This part of the Noble Earl's speech was received with
long and loud cheers. He pledged himself to support
Ministers to the utmost of his power, because he be-
lieved they had the welfare of the country at heart. Re-
form in Parliament be considered as the basis of all other
Reforms,—of the abolition of negro slavery,—of the East
India monopoly,—and lastly, of that wrong to Scotland
and disgrace to Britain, the representation of Scotland.
TOLLEMACHE, Esq. said a few words in sup-
port of the Bill.

An address to the King was unanimously agreed to,
likewise petitions to both Houses of Parliament ; and,
after thanks had been voted to the Sheriff for his able and
impartial conduct in the chair, the meeting separated.
A protest was afterwards entered against the resolutions
being considered as those of the county, on account of the
thinness of the attendance; but this was signed by about
fifteen old applewomen, with Air. Chohnondeley, who is
a Government pensioner, at their head.
