notice :

" "The Colonel-Commandant D. Juan Antonio Tabuenca,
Colonel D. Lucas Velasco, and several other Officers, who,
after having contributed to the glory of their country, had
fallen into the hands of the factious in the affair of Tolva, have
been assassinated in the most atrocious and most barbarous
manner. Since we are unable to remedy their misfortune, we
ought at least to contribute to their eternal glory, by celebrat-
ing, in honour of these martyrs for their country, funeral celce-
monies, and by offering up the prayers of the Roman Catholic
Church. For this purpose, I invite all my companions in
arms, and other citizens of all classes, to make a subscription,
the produce of which shall be devoted to this pious purpose.
(Signed) " GREGORIO VALEN'rli.'"
It would be difficult to express the profound sensation that
this event has produced in all the cities of Spain, and particu-
larly in Madrid. In all the streets, and all the public places,
groups of persons collect, whose intentions even give uneasiness
to the Political Chief of the capital, who caused the following
Proclamation to be published on October 6 :
" THE CONSTITUTIONAL MUNICIPALITY OF
MADRID TO THE HEROIC INHABITANTS.

" Citizens—The Municipality has seen with grief, that as soon
as the report was spread of the infamous enemies of liberty having
assassinated, in a most atrocious manner, her valiant defenders,
Colonels Tabuenca and Velasco, and the other courageous
patriots who fell into their hands in the actions of Tolva and
Benvarre, the public indignation was so much exasperated,
that between eight and nine o'clock, different groups were
collected near the Town Prison, in which the principal
persons inculpated in the horrible conspiracy of the 7th July,
against the benevolent Constitutional system which governs us,
are detained.

" The Constitutional Municipality cannot persuade itself that
such assemblies had any intention of violating that abode of
crimes, where the guilty are deposited under the safeguard of
the law which in due time will execute on them its inexorable
decrees. But its duty is to exhort all the true friends of the
constitutional system to be on their guard against the counsels
of perfidy, which seeks to take advantage of thejust exultation
to which liberty gives birth in the hearts of patriots, to excite
them to excesses which may disgrace our noble cause. The
enemies of liberty are not asleep, they take a thousand disguises
to attack her with impunity, and with more success than they
have hitherto obtained. Let us avoid, therefore, every occasion
for their Machiavelian intrigues. The law alone must punish
the guilty, and those who attempt to usurp its rights over a
criminal, with whatever motive they may cover ouch an usur-
pation, are unworthy of the name of Spanish citizens and of true
Liberals. The law will pursue them as the enemies of society,
whose rights they outrage, as the enemies of liberty, whose name
they profane.
" Inhabitants of Madrid, however guilty mAy be the enemies
of the country, however atrocious the crimes they have com-
mitted against our brethren in opinion, let us remember that
their crimes do not justify us in committing others—let us re-
member that policy, justice and interest prescribe to us at pre-
sent more than ever, to prove that our only aim is to respect the
laws, while to violate them is the object of the factious.
" Those who see with hatred and horror the liberty of nations,
those who desire to perpetuate the slavery of Europe, those who
detest knowledge and intelligence, are at present occupied with
the means of reducing the human race to the state of degrada-
tion from which it has been drawn by the light of philosophy,
and the heroic efforts of the men guided by it; the oppressors
of the human race have no more convenient instruments than
the factious who speculate on the march of political events, who
change the direction of revolutions, and make them deviate
from their aim, that they may not produce the salutary regener-
ation for which they are calculated. Mistrust such monsters,
fellow citizens ;—leave them isolated and without support, and
the Magistrates will pursue them with the laws. Thus public
order will be preserved, which, in the present circumstances, is
of the first necessity.
" JUAN PALACRA, Political Chief, President of the
Municipality.
" FRANCISCO FERNANDEZ DE HARA, Sec."
( Le Constitntionnel.)
PERPIGNAN, OCT. s.—The Spanish Courier of the day
before yesterday has not yet arrived.
Yesterday morning the garrison of Figueras was under arms
and about to depart. The garrison of Gerona is to be put in
march for the purpose of forming a junction with -the column
of Milans at Orlot. There will be found united there a great
number of Royalists.
The troops of the Cordon Sanitaire are taking up their can- 1
tonments. This place, it. is expected, will contain three batta-

lions. Yesterday a battalion of the 7th of the line, and a part
of the 26th and 32d, arrived here.
To-morrow the chasseurs of Vienna will replace the chas-
seurs of the Smite.
The arrival of ammunition, &c. is not discontinued. The
Army of the Faith have within a few days caused great quan-
tities of military caps, sabres, &c. to be purchased here.—

( Gazette (I' Urg el. )
SEO D'UnuEL, OCT. 3.—The Baron d'Eroles having re-
ceived information that the Adjutant.Generel Zarco del Valle,
Military Commandant of Arragon, was marching on the Correa
of Tremp with an army of from 4 to 5,000 men, infantry and
cavalry, has quitted this fortress with his disposable troops, for
the neighbourhood of Talaru, in order to oppose the march of
that General, who no doubt will omit nothing to effect his
passage. These oppositions render an approaching action
certain.

• * For an APPEAL to ENGLISHMEN, by JUNEX, see our
Fourth Page.
—.....

ERRATA.—In the Letter signed J. S., in our Paper of Tues-
day last, Line 28, for reign read life ; and in Line 92, for
effected read alerted.

SAINT LUXE.—Holiday at the Bank, Exchequer, East India
and South Sea Houses.

PRICE OF FOREIGN STOCKS IN LONDON, OCT. 17,
French Five per Cents. 94:
Six per Cents. 82.
Russian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 831.
Ditto New 89k.
Neapolitan Five per Cent. Bonds, 82.
Austrian Five per Cents. (Metallic) 82,
Spanish 5 Five per Cent. Bonds, 86.
( New Ditto, 74.
Prussian I Five per Cent. Bonds, 8911.
1 Ditto New, 90.
Danish Five per Cent. Bonds, 91i.
Chili 88.
{Old Bonds, 00.
Colombian Six per Cent. Bonds, 94i 95.
Ditto Scrip, 95.
Peruvian New Loan, 87i.
(Bank Shares £2l 10s.
' American ) Six per Cent. 92-98 i.
Five per Cent. 96i.
(.Three per Cent. 69,i.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW,
Morning, 10 minutes after 4. I Evening, 30 minutes after 4,
