7ltii

Ovens, severely.
Ensign Hamilton, ditto.
Shore, ditto.
Mint. White, ditto.
Bzd Ist. Batt. tient. Col. Grant, ditto.
Lieut. Derenzy, ditto.
Agnew, ditto.
87th 94
ditto Lieut.

t 4,4,1 11.ttt.

kin p ditto.
Lieut. Iligginson, ditto.
Mountg,aret, ditto.
Dcw•ling, Elig"lP
Ensign Stafford, ditto.
Capt. til,Derniot, severely.
Lieut. Mood, sightly.
• Fitzpatrick, ditto.
Faires, ditto.
Ensign Sunders, severer'
94th Foot, Lieut. Col. Campbell, ditto.
Capt. Cairncrosi, ditto.
Lieut. 141'.Arthur, ditto.
Cannon, slightly.
Ensign Stainton, severely.

83tit, Ist Ditto

rot*

it's 'limited biten4 a subject Of genera i- ezat?,ica-
tion, We fejuice to 'be able to state; that neitliti
General ktilE nor Colonel PONSONBY are in
the casualties, though they were mentioned as
among the Sufferers by the Morning Chronicle this
Illorning, Such unauthorised sporting with the
feelings of their families and friends is inostcrtiel
and mischievous, a!td carinot be saficiently repro-
bated in those who are answerable for every pang
City have inflicter) by this gross fabrication.
All the minute details of the battle yet remain
t() be "'mu. Its general result is enough for
this day's contemplation. From our Naval News
it will he seen the loss of the enemy is estimated
'at 10,000 men, while a corps of 14,000 are said to
.inwe been
surrender; cut off, so that they must inevitably
but we learn from AUTHORITY, OD
hieh Vre can place reliance, that the LOSS Of
the defeated French amounts to nearly FIFTEEN
THOUSAND MEN
Ii , and that upwards of
IREE THOUSAND PRISONERS had been
tdready brought in.
No relaxation took place in the pursuit of the
ticomfitted foe, and from the following intpor-
taatiutetligence,just received fromCorunna(which
e extract, dropping, for the present, all minor
littieles) a strongVeit expectation is held out, that
thatherSueunt our JosEPII, nor any of their men,
Htvillhavethe gond fortune to escape from the Pen-
'itiltda. • Even in Bayonne .all is consternation
and dismay.
`` CADIZ, Jußn G.—We announced with confi-
dence in Our hist number, that the English Army
of Alicant was embarked, and ready to To-
day
we 51, hut not with the ,sione confidence,
at they are to disembark in Catalonia, which,
lu2"rding to some, has
.already been accomplished
In Tarragotia, and to others, in Palamos,
, ALICANT, JUNE 9.---The movement of Ge-
L terals
(-JILL and O'DONNELL is Of the mosthigh
!'mPortanee ; we are. ignorant of their direction,
but whatever may be the point in which.these
Lf°rqoa may appear, they will be productive of re.
sults af the greatest consequence.
" We arc ignornit'of the point of disemharka-
tiOu of the expedition which sailed from this port,
114 We are of opinion it directed to Catalonia,
whore it will have the greatest influence upon the
ettettnination of the Vandals.
'`CattuNNA, JUNE f7.—A prize to the Iris, taken
tOmiig from Bayonne, came in here yesterday,
toe crew report that there reigned the greatest
tansternation in that place, and that they expect.
Al btu.
Or no defence Would be made should the
At no•
es pas the frontiers.

ra4:.

_ -
" Several transports with ordnance stores and
Nisious are ordered round-to Santander."
leutro has been evacuated, after the French
Nng: utterly' destroyed tour-fifths of the town,
habitants
barbarities on the unfortunate in•
h too horrible ,to be described : the Spa-
-1"; 4111 s, however, very"properly retaliated, by put-
, 4g
to death all of theta that fell into their hands
"Nlboa.
the above glorious 'achievement, we under-
and that the lioata GUARDS and the 13Luns par-
themselves, and lit eon -
t:PWith 'emulative genius, broke through
r"cblines three nines. Alwgvther, this vie-
clt Y. 18 cohsidtiiered as one of the most complete and
that has 'ever been recorded.
Th,
taa,t etieet of these events on the Continent
will,'t►ettleulal~ie.The Noble Wat.tallorott
e sltPpose of Course, be raised to a Ducal

10:1„"Ith great pleasure that are able to add
w sue important foreign intelligence with which
ttle.,re,sent our readers this day, that the whole of
°Eth. Jamaica fleet, under convoy
b. "lc: Pingeur, 74, has safely arrived at Shithead.
(A's Patches from Lord KLITH, transmitting let-
fioal Sir GEoRCE COLLIER, of the Surveillante
will appear in the Extraordinary Gazette
‘; this evening, with those 'row the Marquis of
14LLINGTONT.

t Wc this day 'insert the contents of French Pa-
. pees 4 the 29th, with a Bulletin from BtiorrA-
litTr; to
.his Em .. of the 21st ult., Though
pi ess,
these .
Yet Journals communicate no very striking fact,
hir: as every thing corning from this dhection is
lir gala we make no apology for recapitulating
tie chief points for observation, and directing
er. .
um the attention of the public.
114114°4 tile side of Italy, - we observe that BEAU.- 1,4C)1S has gone to Pavia, after dispatching
tittl4. Verona tem-n
1 .(18 Dresden, a corps of 6000
1011.141. troops, WllO are to be immediately fol-
k
troops,
acorps of French of the same number.
141,11' it would appear, that the mission of this
Ante'Un from ti Grand Army. was for the pur-
yts iii i.
0, e
soperiatendino<• expediting the le-
I .
end
1..-e,,, 'l4l of BUONAVARTE. TIIC French corps
.t
ti 4
~ 141quiiii indispensably necessary in the rear,
' t 1 thcse unfortunate Italians on to glory,

pick up sti*gles Ind deSerters for the use o
the GrOt Empei-rur. .
Froth the woe and tenor of the Bulletin; it is
most ObVions that the Tyrant is not nriking,
in reality, the most Stupeodous efforts to teai;itient
his forte, but that lie is employing every e;:agge-
.
ration pamt his resources as of greater mag-
nitude Unto they are, in order to intimidate the
Allies; and tix the wavering disposition bf
Anstria in the way must conformable to hii
wishes. To couuterbalanee these exertions and
boasts,: corresponding energy is displayed on the
part of Russia and Prussia. The Russian army,
under Gen. LAIIANTOFF) 40,000 strong, is stated to
have joined the main itussiair army under WITT-
GENSTEIN nut! BARCLAY DE Tou.v.—More troops
are following this large accession of strength ;
and, come peace, or come war, .the Allied Sove-
reigns will be in utrumque paratus even for their
potent adversary. But it is scarcely in armies
that they have to put their strength, and repose
their confidence ; it is in the unconquerable spirit
of their people—of Russians who have known the
horrors of French invasion—of Prussians who have
felt the oppression of French despotism. We are told
that the " FHLE coars'' .of Prussia (well do they
merit the glorious name), have refused to accept
the Armistice, and that they continue to wage
the war " qfter the manner of Scntri.," that is,
after the manner of a hero and a man who pre-
ferred death to bondage. ,One's heart leaps to-
wards these patriots, and while we exult in the
'conviction that their moral force is irresistible,
and must sooner or later hurl the Tyrant from his
usurped throne, our indignation rises with un-
bounded fury against that ruffianly oppressor, who
possesses, even fora small space of time, the power to
inflict misery upon these illustrious bands. How
long will this Demon be permitted to scourge
mankind, and the maim's be devoted to groan
beneath his horrible devastations ! Study the
hour of retribution is now at hand, and Gei many,
revolting against the intolerably burthen of
slavery, will shake off her chains, and " after the
manner of Spain" determine to be free.
All time French army is encamped according to
the terms of the Armistice. 'rhe Corps of PoNtA.
TOWiiKt (the Bth) sifter traversing a part at Bo-
hernia, has reached Zotrau, Lusatia, to the
number of 12,000 infantry, and 6000 cavalry.
They seem to be in had military plight ; but the
bare fart of their having taken their route
through any portion of the Austrian dominions is
lamentable, as affording a proof of the indecision
of that Power, at a moment when' finunes, res'es•
'talon, and true policy in her Cabinet, are alone
necessary to save the world.

The Danish Ambassador Bass IN& let out from
Dresden on his return to Copenhagen. He is
said to have concluded an alliance otfen4ive and
defensive, between his Court and BuoxArA RTE.
Such alliance existed virtually long ago !

A great Ilea►l of boasting relative to custrin is
observable in this Bulletin, which we only notice
from the tone cif the article, to shew that it is fa►r
from affording any ground to believe that BUoNA-
PARTE looks for Peace as the result of the Armi-
stice.

These are all the facts upon which 'we feel
called upon to dilate. A rumour from Prankfort
states, that the . Armistice had been prolonged for
two months. Attention to dates, and a little
geographical knowledge, will show that this mat-
ter (if true) could not come to us from the place
and in the way here mentioned. We must there-
fore treat the story as an unfounded speculation,
resorted to, perhaps, to make some amends for
the rupture of the Armistice, in which most of
our contemporaries. indulged a few days ego, 'on
the credit of almost equally authentic sources of
information.

Earth, Air, and Ocean, have their bubbles.
And these are of them

It is reported that a Copy of a Declaration, is-
sued by the Court of Austria, highly favourable
to the Cause of the Allies, has reached town.

The Morning Chronicle this morning asserts, that
Sir J. 13. WARaex has been recallecl.-14 is not
true !

lire this day received Messina Papers to the 16th
ult. Their contents are unimportant.

Yesterday Viscount O.tsTLRREAGII had an au-
dience of the PRINCE REGENT at Carhon,House.
Yesterday the Duke of Youx, held a Levee at
his (Mee', which was but thinly attended. Among
those present were, the Earl of BEIDGEWATER,
Lord BuucE, General NoRTON, &c.
We-yesterday mentioned that to the 4 or 5000
Frenchmen shut up in flamburgh that city had
been declared to he in a state of siege :--,the
suburb known by the name of Ilan burgh Berg
has been ordered to be destroyer}; together with
all the houses between Hamburg!' and Altona.—
The inhabitants in general have been commanded,
to furnish themsglves with two months proviiion,
and all those who ate unable to do so are directly
to quit the city.

SECOND E i).ITI ON.

SUN-OFFICE,
THRE:. O'CLOCK.

• ,
We this moment had the following most
important notice sent to us front u private•rhutifi.
nel, but we believe there is little reason .to &tub.
its accuracy. The Expedition from Alieittit, under
the camp)ftnd Of Sir Joti,t Muf.taaY, hAving
-doubled Ciipe • Tortosa, have. effected A disem-
barkation to the Furth of the Mouths of
the'Ebro. The whole of 'Catalonia is in agita-
tion,
.and especially along the coaSt, wilere the
reviving spirit of patriotism is more vivid than
ever. The Anglo Sicilian array is destined to ad-
vance in .a north-west direction, and Socuvr's
whole force is expected to be compelled to lay
down their arms in consequence of this masterly
combination of, movements, and brilliant, and un-
expected tuanteuvrein which the Divisions under
Generalslimt. and O'DoNNELL co-operate.
