,BOLITION OF NEGRO SLAVERY.

(THIS DAY.)

At the Freemasons' Tavern a Meeting of Ladies
id Gentlemen took place, for the purpose of tak-
g into consideration the propriety of petitioning
srlisment to declare that all children, horn within
3 Majesty's dominions, after a given day, shall
teive the protection of the British Constitution.
Upon the motion of Mr. Pownall, OTwAY
!AvE, Esq., M. P. was called to the chair.
1.11 taking it, he expressed himself thus,—
adies and Gentlemen, I cannot help, in the
7st place expressing my heartfelt pride and plea-
Ire in being called upon to preside over such a
teeting, convened for the object this meeting has
view. I shall merely, in a few words, take the
betty of stating for what purpose this society
wets. It hss appeared to the advocates for the
holition of slavery throughout the country, that the
Ruse has been too long overlaid, if I may so ex-
t•ess myself, by a complication of endless details,
that therefore it is better to bring back the
mind to one particular definite point and
irinciple, by which, at some period, however
!mete, the existence of .slavery within our own
prisdietion ought clearl to be put an end to.
is for the purpose ortaking into consideration
letitions to be presented to Parliament for the abo-
ition of the slavery of negro children born within
nit own colonies that this meeting has assembled,
ind I have to request, that any Gentlemen who may
please to address the meeting will confine them-
'elves to that one point, namely, the liberaCon of
tecro children front Slivery born within our own
:olonies after a giventiene.
Mr. POWNALL said, Gentlemen, in rising to sub-
mit to you these resolutions., I beg to apologise for
intruding myself on the meeting so soon; but,
having been requested to do so in consequence of
the unavoidable. absence of some friends, I do it
Most willingly, feeling, us I most certainly do, that
''every hour's delay continues the infliction of a
grievous wrong on our fellow-subjects. I feel that
the principles.of justice and equity require no apo-
logy from him who advocates them ; neither is it
Lnecessary to go into detail, to show that life and
iberty are the natural rights of every human being.
,(Applause.)—However well confirmed this is, by
the :
opinion of the most eminent lawyers that ever
in this or any country, still it is equally no-
torious that while we admit the principles, we act
towards our fellows, merely on account of the co-
lour of their skin as holding them in bondage, as
the ox that ploughed) the ground—as the jackalls—
tor the white man's use. It is just 46 years this
f°~very month since Mr. Clarkson, the great advocate
the
fri
abolition of slavery, assembled with a few
this metropolis, to take into consideration
thends in e
very subject of our present deliberations.
The object was to consider what should be done
forl'
rputting an end to that accursed traffic of slavery.
e have therefore no reason to be discouraged,
from the scanty number assembled on the present
occasion. Though that individual has lived to see .
toe slave- trade abolished, yet he has not lived to
See,,, the slaves emancipated in our 'West India
Colonies, and those who remember what has been
g°lng on from the year 1783, when Granville
Bharpe, Mr. Clarkson, and others, laboured from
that ptriOd with Mr. Wilberforce and a few
others, to the year 1806, before the slave
trade was abolished, will not be surprised to
!ad themselves in 1829-23 years after the abo-
"on of the accursed trade, r sell sanctioning, by
the Practice in our colonies, that system of slavery
Winch was then so much deprecated. The object
of our present meeting is to take the point on one
single practical view, namely, to endeavour to gain
the
suffrages of the people throughout the coun-
try to petition Parliament, to declare that all
children born within his Majesty's dominions
after a •
!ion of day, shall receive the prow-
lb: the
simple,
gtihve"British Constitution. Nothing can
ore just. nothing more equitable, nothing
they are f •They are either British subjects, or
oreigners; if British subjects, they are en-
titled to the protection of our King and his Go-
Y.ernment; if foreigners, then by what law of na-
tionsh is it that we hold unoffending foreigners in
L'el:Petual bondage and slavery, solely because they
-4,a,l'Pen to be a darker colour than ousselies ?
This is not a new principle, as our worthy
Chairman stated, when he had • the moral
eeurttge to bring forward these resolutions, al-
most unsupported in the House of Commons, and
to vindicate, not a new principle, but what is
Sanctioned by the law of God, and acknowledged
°Y. almost every individual, though denied in the
collective capacity of our West India traders. I
Or, one thank him for evincing this courage, and for
atling the attention of the public to the subject;
'ati 1 trust, Sir, you will find throughout the coun-
t) vt4.' such a co-operation on the part of the public
s..lth you now, that will give you reason to
I have well said that which I have
tsll,ea," It will be recollected that in 1792, when
'außiect occupied the attention of the Legislature
je.tY considerably, that Mr. Dundas, afterwards
(lard Melville brought forward this proposition, and
f!elared that if the subject were only left to the
ssilas•
Assemblage themselves, the children born
the ea, years after that period should be free. It was
I,n not accredited ; for the wise men who ad-
s eated the rights of Africans knew well that it was
fallacious hope to expect he who held his fellow
creaturec in chains, would set him at liberty unless
cruPelled to do so. Though, however, that was not
eleanesin• Siloam after that time, they were de-
tlred free. Sir Hudson Lowe, too, in 1829, de-
ared where he was, that children born after that
tae should be free as well as others in one or two
tither parts. But not only in those partial districts
as the principle obtained, but 35 years ago the
ht-tiPle also was acknowledged in New York, and
pere slaiery is almost abolished. In New England,
s_hlladelphia, and some other parts it has likewise
those
acknowledged, and we may hope that in all
hear
places, in a short time, we shall never
ear of slavery. This was a point of such
ilsportance, that, under the Spanish law, the
Gvernment of Spain offered greater protection
to. the children unborn than to any other slaves ;
so.that it was enacted that any one paying 425.
should emancipate a child at birth. I am sure I
need not go into details to show the practical utility
tlf this • but think I in calling the attention of
0 tostnent to it, on one grand public principle, we
u am
not t dictate the mode of carrying it into effect.
.h sure every one must recollect that during the
oiat 30 years all who brought forward the subject
I, Catholic emancipation, accompanied it with a
PlaniPlanof how it should be accomplished. What was
2e result ? Not one of those were adopted,
'Odor) the plan itself, and not on the principle, have
411,great number considered they were frustrated. I
ilierefore entreat those who take an interest in anti-
-4 .very, not to look so much at the complicated ma-
' .inmerY., as to the grand principle which establishes
every one the right of life and liberty. It is just
!II Proportion to the extent to which that principle
entertained that we can expect our object to suc-
heed. God has caused the system of slavery, and
is impossible for stripes to make it pure. I believe
6, ,_
that this object, which we have now met to sup-
srilill never be carried into effect, unless the Saints,
eyttre called—l mean those who profess Christ
to tbe the
M
of the matter,
they make a conscience
Ille he matter, and take up the subject. Unless
cattY do
eso, I really despair of its ever being
. a led forward ;—but let them boldly make
ou stand, and I have little doubt we shall soon see
wishes accomplished. Let us see what has
then the effect of amelioration. What are to be
• ills effects of all your plans of education ? Do you
,eolak it Possible that slavery and knowledge can
sihrist ? I believe it to be utterly impos-
that a state of intellectual advancement
and bodily 'degradation can go hand in hand.—
. zoo], then what you are about in the West Indies.
ou,bave sent out your bishops, mi sionaries, school-
7'ssters, and soon, for thepurpose of communicating
formation; and who, I should wish to know, eat)
tt/ through the serviee of the Church of England

and say he believes the principles which are
. .

there laid down to he compatible with slavery.
I cannot forget that the service of the Church of
England has embodied a prayer for all women
labouring of child, all sick persons, and young
children, and all prisoners and captives; and how
can I unite in that prayer, knowing at the same time
that I Nvithold from my fellow creatures the bles-
sings of that Constitution under which they live,
and lam in the enjoyment of. How can you teach
a child to reverence its parent, when probably the
very obedience it yields may be the means of in-
ducing a severe flogging? How can you teach the
Seventh Commandment, and yet find in all the orders
of society, that every part of it tends to a breach of
morality ? How can you call upon them to reverence
the Sabbath when they are called upon to attend agri-
cultural pursuits and Sunday morning markets? From
the beginning of Genesis to the close of the Reve-
lations, it will assert that slavery is incompatible

with the Christian religion, and he who would en-
lighten mankind must become the powerful advo-
cate for liberty. The Resolutions which I have to
submit to yon are founded on broad public princi-
ples, which without further comment I shall proceed
to read.

The speaker then read over the Resolutions,
which were in effect what has been already stated.
These are the Resolutions which I beg to sub-
mit to the attention of this Meeting, and in doing
so, I trust they will meet with your unanimous
support. In doing so, ycu will recollect, you arc
exercising the right of Englishmen and British sub-
jects, aHd doing justice to your Colonial brethren.
Look at Hayti, with a free black population. increasing in
numbers beyond all calculation—look at the States of
North and South America, and who can suppose the pre-
sent state of bondage can go on in the East. It is quite
absurd to suppose the British agriculturists would comp-ere
with Africans. Why give liberty to the West India colonies,
and deny it to the colonial possessions in the East? B 2 just
and fear not. While you are just to the negro you are just to
yourself. God will go with you; your country will not
be perplexed with the question ; we shall not be degraded
in the eyes of foreigners, as we are at the present moment,
but will be lifted up and looked upon as the destroyers of

universal bondage.
Mr. POCTER seconded the Resolution, which, upon
being put by the Chairman,
The Rev. Mr. ISAACSON, Rector of St. Paul's, Deme-
rara, rose—l feel I should not be doing my duty to the
present company or to the West Indies, if I did not rise
to state what I well know will be the result of the carry-
ing into effect the Resolution which has been read. I
speak on this occasion with a great deal of diffidence,
and fearing I might not be enabled to address you
on all the points I ought, I have taken notes. No
one would be more anxious than myself for the
emancipation of the Negroes, if it was to be attended with
the benefits which it is thought it would confer ; if time pro-
position was made to the Duke of Devonshire to purchase
the Island of Montserrat and Tortola, to see if anything
could he done that would be attended with success to
the free labourer, and thus the plans and objects
of the Society might be extended to others. The
planters themselves would be the first to second the
resolutions you are inclined to carry into effect. One
of the most happy writers on the West India question had
proved the idea to be mistaken that free labour would
be productive of welfare to the colonies. The
value of produce would be increased by the emanci-
pation of slaves. That was the ground upon which
the British Government proceeded in refusing to grant
Emancipation. The slaves themselves would embark in
services necessary to raise the productions of the country.
They would perform much more labour than they now pa-
Itrin,and in consequence of which the return would be double.

The master would become richer than he was before,because
the value of his land would be increased, from the vast re-
turns produced by free labour. The natural indolence

of persons residing under the tropics is such, that the re-
turn of free-born labour would be the means of encouraging
idleness. No one could wish more for the abolition of slavery
than I do ; but before I can give it my support, the means
of carrying it into effect must be less objectionable. How
.do you propos,e that the children of slaves are to be main-
tained by the proprietors, after this act is carried into
effect? In no one instance throughout the Colonies would
it be undertaken unlets a remuneration were given to the
Planter. A very great misrepresentation has gone abroad
with reference to the cruelty of the proprietors. I have
toyself been the Rector of the largest parish in the East
tin• five years, and I take my God to witness that I do not
know of a single inst•nce of cruelty on their part during the
whole of that period. I wish others was instrumental
in establishing a school in Georgetown, where the chit.
ren were instructed in all the usual details of education
which they received in this country, and I wool challenge
any school in Great Britain to rival them. The Negroes at e
most anxious to receive religious instruction, and upon one
occasion no less than 500 persons surrounded the walls of
the church in which I was preaching, to receive that in-
struction at the conclusion of the service. Marriages are
frequent. I have baptized upwards of 8000 Negroes,
and I have always found them as well informed as any po-
pulation similarly situated. No consideration appears to
he given to the state of the African originally. Look
at the establishments at Sierra Leone, and no man do-

ing so will hesitate to say, "No benefit has been
derived to the Negros from that establishment. There
has been an attempt made to draw a distinction between
the resident and non-resident proprietors There certainly
is a distinction, but it is in favour of the resident :
he has the whole of his slaves under his eye. Not a Negro
goes to labour if he has the slightest complaint.—
A surgeon attends him, and he is treated as kindly as any
person possibly can be. The reports generally circulated of
cruelty are exaggerated ; it is a rare occurrence, and may
almost be considered as a matter only of history. The
constitution of, the very labourers is such, that they are
unwilling to work under any consideration for more
than would support their actual existence. During the
last three years 750 slaves have been liberated under the
new regulation in the colony of Demerara. I believe
lam under the mark, when I state that number. The
colonies are as anxious as they well can be of
carrying into effect every thing that would be of interest
to the slave himself. If the people of England are as
urgent in the cause of emancipation as they appear to be—
if their real object is the furtherance of justicd, they must
recognize and take in view the case of the planters. The object
of 1 Lr. Cave himself, will be answered by the resolution
which I shall beg leave now to propose, and will be at-
tended with incalculable advantages, while the com-
plaints against Negro Slavery will be abated. Sir, I
beg leave to prop se the following resolution :
The CHAIRMAN—As an amendment, I suppose?
The Rev. Mr. Jacxsost—Yes. The resolution is
this,—that the Meeting views, with the deepest in-
terest, the situation of the West Indies; and are most
anxious to lay before his Majesty and both Houses of
Parliament, under the form of a petition, auch a plan
of amelioration as may finally tend to the abolition of
slavery. That for these purposes the practicability of intro-
ducing a free labour system be tried by purchasing
in the first instance one of the smaller islands, and if this
experiment succeed, that other resolutions, having the
same object in view, be founded upon it. That
subscriptions be immediately entered into for this purpose
and that the funds hitherto available for other purposes
connected with the cause be in future applicable to this
object alone, as the only certain means of carrying the in-
tentions of the Committee into effect.
Mr. ALEXANDER, of the Morning Journal, seconded
this resolution and amendment.
Dr. EDWARDS was addressing the meeting when we left.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

CHANGES.

Viscount and Viscountess Downe, for their seat, Cowick Hall,
Yorkshire; the Marquis and Marchioness of Exeter, from Stan-
hope-street, fot Newmarket; the Duke of Rutland and the
Ladies Manners, for Belvoir Castle; the Earl and Countess of
Belfast, from Arlington-street, for the Isle of Wight ; the Coun-
tess of Mansfield, from Mivart's Hotel, Brook-street, for Rich-
mond ; the Earl of Thanet, in St. James's-street, from his seat
in Kent ; Colonel and Mrs. Brown and family, from King-street,
Portman-square, to their seat, Amwell Bury, Herts ; Major and
Mrs. Macdonald, in Brook-street, from Dublin; Capt. Robert
King, in Pall-mall, from Devizes; Mr. and Mrs. Mordaunt, in
Gloucester-place, from Florence ; Major Parnell, from Chatham,
for Paris ; Mr. and Mrs. Littledale, for Tunbridge Wells ; Mr.
and Mrs. Jervis, on a tour; Major Leigh, for Cheshire; Capt.
Frederick Clayton, for Malta; Mr. and Mrs. Miles, for Rams-
gate; Lieut.-Colonel Holt, for Penzance, in Cornwall; Major
Ludlow, for Dublin ; Mr. Biddulph, for Herefordshire ; Lieut.-
Colonel Griffiths, for Manchester; Col. Hammond, for Cork ;
Sir Rotert Bolton, Bark, from his seat, in Oxfordshire ; Mark
SteizA.Eaq. at the Burlington Hotel, from the North ; J. Har-
rison, Esq. and son, at ditto, from Liverpool , Barry Beresford,
Esq. at, ditto, from Cheltenham ; Mr. Mrs. and Miss Templer, at
Symmons's Hotel (late Jordan's), St. James's-street, from the
Continent ; Mrs. Herbert Cornwall and family, at the St-
George's Hotel, Albemarle-street, from Quebec; Lord Forbes
and Ladies at Nerot's Hotel, Clifford-street; Lord Viscount
Glentworth and Lady Glentworth, at ditto; the Ilev. J. C. Ord,
at ditto; Colonel Warneford, the Hon. Mrs. Warneford and
Miss Warneford, from ditto; the Hon. Mrs. Bassett, from ditto;
the Hon. Mr. Irby, from ditto; Count and Countess Baracene,
from ditto ; Earl Cowper, from ditto.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)

COURT OF CHANCERY.

This being the first day of the sittings of this
Court after the usual short recess following the ter-
mination of the Term, the Lord Chancellor sat in
Lincoln's-Inn. Hall.

LORD WINCIIILSEA WALKUP.
Mr. HORNE was instructed to apply to the Court
ror judgment.
Upon the application that was made for a new trial
in this case some considerable time ago,
The LORD CHANCELLOR believed the entire titles-

tion to be, whether he should or should not grant a
new trial,and which he shoulddispose of on Saturday,

[N THE MATTER OF SIR GREGORY PAGE TURNER,
A LUNATIC.

Mr. PHILLIMORE asked upon a petition for the
purpose, an order to confirm the Master's report,
approving of the granting of a lease upon given terms,
of a house belonging to the lunatic in Mark-lane.—
Granted.
