FINANCIAL RESOLUTIONS.

SirJ.v.ms PULTENEY give notice that he should
to-morrow move certain Financial Resolutions,
which, if it should be,the Pleasure of the House to
entertain, he should propose to have printed,
with a view to their being- taken into Consideration
on some future day.
Several Petitions were presented against the Oak-
Bark Bill, v‘vhich
,Were reierred to the same Coro-
mittee.as the, former Petitions. The second rea lit
of the Bill was then put utf till this day se'imight,
on the Motion or Lord Tt;.mrcE, no Report had
yet been made by the Coanniq oee on ioe etitions
against the Bill.
Mr. kluaktuesE brought- up the Report of aye.

_
inland Duties s; which was agreed to, and a Bill or- 1 attention to certain fads contained in the Accounts
tiered accordingly. . upon the table. ,In 1772. this Country employed one
The Report on the Irish Stamp Duty Bill was or- hundred and seventy-five Ships in the-African Trade,
tiered to betaken into further consideration this day of which one hundred were from Liverpool a the
se'nnight. number of vesaels in this trade was reduced in 1770
The Irish Sugar Drawback Bill passed through a to twenty-eight, of which eleven were from Liver-
Committee, and the Report was ordered to be re- pool. In the former year. the dock duties produced
ce!ved to-morrow. . but 45521.; whereas in the latter they; had produced.
The German Yarn Bill was read a third time, and 40571,—a satisfaEtory proof, that the dock duties
the third reading of the Thames,Police Bill put off did not depend upon the Slave Trade. It had been
till to-morrOw. ' said that this trade afforded a good supply of seamen
The Report of the Committee of Supply respe&- to Navy. Bet this he denied. -It appeared by
ing the Irish Miscellaneous Services,
.was ordered to the muster books from Liyerpool,which had been laid
be received on Friday, to which day the Committees before the House in 1789, that the mortality amengst
of Ways and Means, and of Supply, were-put of.. the seamen in tleit trade was to the•mortality, in the
SLAVE TRADE ABOLITION: West India trade as sto 1. A traffic, therefore, so
Mi. MANNING observed,' .that in the event.of destruEtive ofthe seamen einployecfin it, could not be
.
the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade .passing :1\
considered beneficial to theavy. The readiness
into a law, he should feel it his dutyto move for the with Which the men entered the King's ships on
their errival, in the West Indies, spewed what their
appointment of a Committee to consider of the pro- c
, opinion of the trade was. The practice was for men
priety of granting compensation to certain classes of
to desert to the Merchant service in every other
persons whose - interests would, be affeEtedh. by it.
branch of trade, but from this they voluntarily- en-
He wished to ask his Majesty's Ministers, therefore,
tered the King's ships. What was to lie thought of
whether they were authorised to accede to such a
proceeding ? The compensation he had in view, was , the policy of procuring such an unprovident supply,
much more limited than might be suppOsed,..and he if even it were to be admitted that the tradedidafford
a :supply to •the Navy ? These . and some others
&ight .that the proper stage for him to lay in
,his
were the grounds upon , which he supported the
Claim on behalf of a few classes of persons, whom he
e thought justly intitied to the consideration of the. Abolition, but there were sonic general points to
which he wished to advert:---It had been said that
Legislature. -, The first class were, those who had.
. the principle of the Abolition of the trade would
purcliased laud under commissions granted, by his •
Majesty for the sale oltherri. The next class,
were . lead to emancipation. The negroes were not in a
- :
to be emancipated immediately, but hehad no
those who had purchased lands on the faith of Par- ;
,statedoubt that the effete worth be to abolish slavery at
liament, previous to the first agitationof this
,ques-
last, which would cease without any.,positive tion. Another- class, consisted of those who bad
lation, as it lied , ceased in ancient Greece end
regu-
suffered in their prepertieg by insurrections of the' 1
Rome,.-and, in modern Europe.—As.to_the point that
• Negroes,' by War-s. or inviSions on theepart oldie
others,wOuld take the trade up, Frence and Holland
enemy. He did not proposethat tiny compensation- '
should be greeted, except in cases where the claims ' at present could not do'' so e Denmark 'had . abo-
shotild be approvedof by .Corninisioners, :appointed ' lished. it.; all the United States, except Carolina,
for the purpose. There were other classes of .per- - had given it up ; and Portugal alone, of all the Euro-
pean countries, in addition "to ourselves', carried it' on
sone whose cases, though' deserving attention, he did
to any extent. But the authorities of Clarendon arid
not think it then 'necessary to allude to, arid he men-
Locke lied been cited in favour of the trade ;._but
those he had eniimerated, just "to shew that
this question was not to be decided by . authority,
his views of compensatien -were more limited titan
was generally' supposed: . . ~, though they had been less objectionable. This would
Lord HO rVICYIi replied,, that lie was Certainly not i justify torture because it was encouraged"by:Sir Th.
More. But there was authority
.too .foretheAboli-
authorised, in that .stage of the blisiness, to, give an y
Pion—for Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox had forgot all rival-
(to such a proceeding ; at. tile sarae time he
ad:nitted the candid
.manner in which the Hon.
ship hese, and joined is favour of the measure, and
.
Gentleinan had stated his views of the limited these were perhatts the very . first authordiee on a
point like this. Their opinions on this subjete Was
amount of compensation., He took that oppertu
a legacy they had left to the House, and \Odell:fon-u-
-nity of repeeting -whet he had- said On a. former
ed a monument to their memories the most lasting
night, that it was contrary to the praait.e of Parties
ment to declare beforehand what May be the
and spleadid. He Was happy. too to observe, that
' '
' amount of compensation to be granted for possible' i all parry views were laid aside in the House at the
losses by proposed political regulationa. ' This was I introduCtion of this question—
all lie could say then on tile! ' subjea Concidunt venti lugiuntque nubes.
,as he was not Here he had the support of some of the ablest of
authorised to consent to the proposition of the-Hoii. Gentleman. those by whom he was unfortunately generally op-
'
' posed. For these reasons he was inclined to promote The Order for resuming the Debate on the Ties-
theAholition with all the' energies he 'could call
Con for going into a Committee on the Slave Trade : into attion. •-- . - • .
_
Abolition Bill being read, ' •
Gen. C.,',' DYNE replied'. at considerable length
Lord HO WICK never had felt More embarrass- ' e) -'d)e :_sTeasie Lord; , He re-stated all the arguments,
,
ment in addressing the House. The question had that have been so frequently-adduced in favour of
been sot of ten ego sited that eery Ho/Y. i'',l':.-.::7.Erk'..otiid`l the Slave Trades denied, that any such .mortality as
rot but benieqnsMted with all its details. Yet the 1 that aesci'ted by the Noble Lord existed in the, ships
measure was of much importance in itself, and he felt i eniployed in that traffic, and complained of the in-
so much more deeply interested in it than in any] justice with which the friend's' of the Abolition re-
other measure that had been brought forward since ; fiised to hear evidence at . the Bar of the House.—
be had a share in- the administration of public af- ! The stake was tremendous. ;We were risking 'the
fairs, that he coeld not reconcile it to himself to ; lo;s of-Abe-Colonies, and the loss of ,the Colonies
bring the Merisere forward in than neW Parliameen, i would be the downfall of theßritieli Empire.
without stating those faas, and that evidence, upon I Mr. ROSCOE could not give a.silent vole on this
which alone • this question ought to rest. And in .! 'occasion-with any satisfaction to his own feelings, nor
this lie felt the difficulty of sele&ion, lest he should : he trusted. with any adherence to his duty'towards
tire the House by being too prolix., . or Omit any i his Constituents; for, whatever height be thought'of
material part. . There was at this moment no dis- i the people of Liverpool, he could assure the House
position to question ,the principle of .this measure. i that aigreat and respealable body of .thein thought
It was universallv'admitted by the merchants, the ! the Slave Trade a,cruel and barbarous traffic, and c
planters,-and all descriptions of persons, that the Slave ' pe&ed and wished its abolition. 'He then entered into
Trade, so far as regards Africa, was unjust and im- ,a
very able exposition of the horrors attendant on.
dolitic, fo.n in robbery, kidnapping, and (nor- ,' the trade, and dwelt in peculiarly strong terms' of
er. and affording an incentive to the worst passions 1 'reprobation on the "conduct of. the traders' in fin.-
end crimes. He was relieved, therefore, from prove : fishing the Africans with fire-arms, brandy, ',and
ing that part of the case. He was also relieved from . other means of destruEtion and debauchery; 'for the
the necessity of demonstrating the evils of the Middle purpose of availing himself of the evils that- neces-
Passage. No man, after the discussions that had i sarily followed. From the length of time which was
taken place, could be prepared to contend for the ' occupied in bringing- Slaves from the Interior to.the
luxuries of the Mirklle Passage. He left the Hon. Coast of Africa, it bad been apprehended by some
Gentleinan to the-enjoyment of his .feelings, who that a dreadful massacre might succeed the: mmediete
bad considered the Slave Trade so great a blessing, stoppage of this tratfice but..after making every pos-
that, if it weee not in existence et present, he should sible inquiry he found there was no ground for this
propose to, establish it.. This traffic was said to he. fear. He inclined to the opinion, that at somefuture
supported by the sanction of Scripture, but to Oat 'Period compensation might be made to those who-7
observation he should reply in one sentence, that •Icould prove that they were
.unjustly sufferers by the •
it was. contrary, to the fundamental principles of Abolition. To make up, then, for the partial and
chrisqanity, irreconcileable with that summary of temporary injury to' our Coro:nerce, which the 'loss i:
Christian duty, "to do unto'others as you would of the Slave Trade might Occasion, lie recommended
they should do unto you." That principle was now i the extension of our Colonial System, and intimated
given up, and the 'ground of justification narrowed f the policy of laying open the Trade to the East In-
to a. question of policy and justice. It was said not dies. .
to be politic to abolish a trade that afforded such Mr.LusurteoroN warmly supported the Abolition.
ample' resources for our commercial prosperity; and Mr. FAWKES, in a very eloquent speech, argued
it was,represented as unjust to the _Merchants, Ship- in favOur of the Abolition. The subject had been so
owners; and Planters, whose properties were to be frequently canvassed, that he would not havee-isens
effeded by the measure. He admitted that they were had he riot been compelled by the solemn promise
hoph4hOt to a& unjustly to our own Merchants and, which he gave his Constituents, openly to support-
Ship-owners, but in doing justice to them they should ' the steady endeavours of
,his Hon. Frieed to ribelish
take care that they did not commit injustice against y this disgraceful traffic ; a traffic which in private he
the Inhabitants of Africa. No ultimate good was to had always condemned, and his vote on which, that
be procured by means of immediate evil. But in place night, is ould be matter of , gratification to hire to
Of doing injury to the Vest India property by this the latest =meets' of his existence. The con-:
wenure of übolitien, which Was now about to be., dition of savage life was 'in itself sufficiently de-
eccorniiiished, he should shew that the West Indies plorable ; hut if a teritinpari of the *eYideriee, wa's
would be benefited and improved by it. The persons true,' by oor intercourse witli-Afriea we had fright-
interested in this measure were either the Merchants fully' augmented the evils which it was our duty to
engaged in the trade, the Ship-owners, or the Plant- I decrease. It had been argued, that the abolition of
ors; and if he could shew that none of their. interests the trade would not prevent wars among the natives
weuld.be iejureri by the measure, he was confident of Africa. Thaewars would entirely cease could be
'all epposition to it must cease. The Noble Lord s only the dream of the visionary; but was that a rea-
here entered into a comparative statement.of the son for fomenting wars ? -Surely ambition made ha-
amount of the tonnage engaged in the trade to Africa, voc enotigh among the liimian race, without calling
and in the genetal export trade of this Country, not I in to its aid the, stimulus of avarice., The. Kings of
including the export from Ireland, or the coasting Africa went to battle with the crafty slave' merchant
trade, the result of which was, that in the year hovering in the aear of their army like the bird of
18a5 the African fonnage Was' not quite 1-eed prey, .eager to glut Ihimself with hrinien bloods:s-
ent of the whole export tonnage; and the sea- ! Seery :crime, real or isoagirearys subjected the-
trim employed not quite 1-23t1 part of the see-- .' et:foreseen; native of A.friea• to the' areadful pore
then in the general trade.: He-wished Gentlemen to ' nisienent of Slavery; these unhappy- wretches
consider therefore; evhether, in the flourishing stare ' were frequently intoxicates! On the coast with bran.
of our commerce, employment would not be found ; tly,. for which their persons paid the price, anclathey
for this shipping if not embarked in this traffic ?. t then experienced the ireatrueot which mielit be' r-x-,
It had been often stated that the measure would -i petted from men. at a dieance from law, (runs whase
ruin Liverpool, and 'cause the loss of the whole of minds alt ehecks of religion ',Yore iernovect, and. wine
its, revenue from dock duties,which revemie,however, ' were enabled, .by use, to stifle the remonstrances
waS only stated at five thoueandpounds; ..`To shew the , orcoriscicncs.... The waste arid consumption of lite

..;one neforis ss.aireanit 'Whetl77ill3°
toiaddress a British audience in behalf of the &nos
Of justice and humanity, an apology was little short
of offence. 'Whatever disproportion of sex existed
now in the black population of the Coloniea, it would
be increased by a gradual abolition, for the Slaves
employed would be chiefly 'males, as had been the
Case always, notwithstanding. so many former warn-
ings that the trade would be soon abolished.--
The Counsel who had .been-heard at the bar, bad
also spoken of. justice and humanity, but had ApplietU
them not to the wretched sufferers, but to those who,
inflicted the sufferings. As to policy, he denied the
soundness of any policy which *as contrary to jus-
tice and humanity ; and he was sure such policy was
not true British policy. The two greatest men this
country, or perhaps any other country, had ever pro-
duced at the same time, *though. rivals on almost,•
every other political point, agreed. in 'the .wisdom
of abolis'hing the',Slave Trade; as contrary equally tO
Justice and hUnianity,, and to sound poliey. It was
now the objeet of all present to look to what was •
[nest -fer the'advantage of the country.. Without any
• influence on the part of his Majesty's Ministers, for
no power on earth could influence his opinions; al-
Most Without' any acquaintance with those Ministers,
he had some respe& for their anthoi•ity, considering
the attention they must have given to this case, the..
means they possessed of acqUiring information re-
Specting it, and of. forming a judgment of its bear-
' ings,, and the interest they had in ti:Jrnaing'a correa
• judgment. He did net meanspersoiral interest,-for
that motive would Operate in. a contrary -way :
there were a number. of Gentlemen who .had
votes in this House, that
.may
_perhaps have been
conciliated by forbearing from the Abolition, 'but
there was 'not a single vote on the Coast of Aiii"
to make it matter of personal interest. to Ministers to
pursue the course they had choSen. The Counsel had
argued, that as our ancestors had sanCtioned the Slave
Trade for 150 years, it would be disrelpe6tful in us
now to abolish it. With every resped for our an-
cestors, he thought it too much thatwe should,
in every thing, continuo to de, always as they had
done. • They were highly. enlightened, and highly
experienced, no doubt, but we had the advan-
tage of their ligandtaspatned 'to cast a new light upon
our own, .and we lived ju
things as any period in the history of the world.--
The danger that was dreaded from the- contagion of
St. Domingo could by no other means be so..e.ffeca
tually guarded against, as' by-attaching the Ne-0-Toes
by benefits, and by stopping:importation. When •
those who were interested in keeping,up. the „Slave
Trade; tpid hina the Blaves-elv happy, it reminded
him of ••a man whom he had otice seen in a warren
sewing up the-mouth of a ferret: he remonstrated
with tlieman upon the cruelty of the ad;
,but the
man•answered, " Lord, Sir, the- ferret likes it above
all things." It was argued that the Liverpool IVlera
chants had fitted a number of ships for this
trade, which ships it seemed could not be applied to.
any other trade; that these ships were manned with
seamen who' were unfit for any- other navigation,
than that of Slave Ships ; and that they had bilk
docks andpiers,. which would hold none but S!alwe'
Ships. He would Suppose the case
.of a ilia-ha:oY-
'
mats, accustomed to stop:persons on ' the road, aria
when called to account for it, saving, ' „ yes, Ido
•
stop men on the road, and take their moneyh`ot
if I did not Will Bagshot and his gang would.
—'When asked why he did. not get an honest
livelihood, he would make the parallel more near if
he should answer, " I ^rn used to this, and would be
awkward at any other ; I have bought a liors-ei
which, though a very good horse, - is fit for nothing
but stopping Gentlemen on the highway ; I have
built a stable, Which will hold do horse but a
horse accustomed to highway robbery ; and a bltuf-
derbuss that'weifld never do • execution but on, such
business:" Though this parallel would appear to
apply pretty closely, he would not carry it as tiir asit
would go; for 'though he had been
.as uncouthly
treated.byf highwaymen as apy Mau, he should bit
sorry to deara'de their profession. by conspatiPg
them with Slave Traders.

land, to the islands was dreadful ! He would not
dwell upon the affii&ing circumstances which at-
tended their being torn from their wives, their
children, and their country. They would be suffi-
ciently. felt by the House without description ;
for in addressing a British -Legislature, he knew
he was addressing a humane audience. After a pas-
sage in which every finer feeling of the breast was
tortured, and after a shameful exposure in an Open
Market, those unfortunates were consigned to a
master by whom at best they were considered with
the same eye with which he regarded his inanimate
possessions, and from whom' they too often expe-
rienced the most cruel and inhuman treatment.—
Would the Legislature any longet tolerate a traffic
which always commenced in injustice, and which
frequently terminated in murder
.? It was high time
that the armk of the Slave Tradershouid be arrested,
and that the Planter should "find; that if he meant to
be rich, he must learn to be htimane. Far was he
from accusing the whOle :body of West India Pro--
prietors of crueltyc; but that very great cruelty did-
exist, had been sufficiently established. It had been
said. the other night; that 'the Condition of a Negro
in the Plaotations,was as good as that of a labourer in
this Country. What ! Were those that maintained
this opinion prepared to say, thaChe had a right to a
trial by Jury ? That he bad the power of changing a
ferocious .raster for one off-a more mild disposition ?
That he livedunder equal laws, which made no (Hs,
tinCtion between the powerful and the weak ? That
he was.inspired with the same patriotic feeling which
swelled the bre* of every .Euglishman with honest
triumph ? Yes! He would indulge that patriotic feel-
ing:--but it wenhibe iria latierW'sliingreeolledion of his
native Afrie. What would the negro himself, shackled
and oppressed as.. he was, say, if he werc• told,
that an Englishman :was less happy than himself?
In answer to those who Contended that they were
better satisfied with slavery and banishment than with
freedpin and home, he would recommend to pripose
to them, that if they were discontented they might re-
turn. If few accepted the alter, it would be decigive•
of their feelings; but he was convinced that:theNvhole •
of the vessels eogaged in the commerce of England
Would be insufficient to convey the qiumbers.who •
would pant for their native country. The
.Scriptures
themselves' had been qUoted and perverted to support
the doetrine of slavery ; but could any serious re-
flthing mind think that that Being who cameinto. the
world to save 'sinners, wOuld..sanCtiOn a praaice so
repugnant to justice and humanity ? He should like
to see the page in which sucli'deefrine is contained
and yet the search should be attended with. caution ;
for if it were really found, it would strip the'
Gospel of its truth, and rob mankind of their hopes.
Quitting, however, the religious consideration of the
subjed, was it possible that in the 7th year of the
nineteenth century, that a question • should rise,
whether or not slavery ought td be tolerated by an'
assembly of Englishmen ! If it . were defended on
the score of usage, he -would quote the. emphatic
Words of a celebrated writer ;L-- " Disguise thyself
as thou wilt,. still slavery thou arta bitter draught.;
and-thongh many have been made to drink of thee,
thou art not' the less bitter on that account."
another point of view, would it not be philosophic
to suppose that the march of civilization 'was per-
feCtly slow, and that Providence had at length made
this country, the instrument of breaking the fetters
of th 4 enSlaved and miserable African ? —BcfOre he
sat down he thought it his duty, be owed it to his
feelings and to his gratitude, to say a word of his
Hon. Friend, ,in whose philanthropy and exertions
the meagtire. before 'the House:originated. His Hon.
Friend. had been chara&erised by others more com-
petent to the undertaking but "he had no be-easion
for individual praise;' het'had himself erected a mo-
nument:.

Quod non imber edax,
Non mind() impotens• ' •'
Possit U:roare, aut
Ann&rum series, aut fuga tempurum.

He had not :been so fortunate as to fight by his
floti.Triend's side in, all his arduous struggles on
this subje&, but be arrived in time to witness his
vidtory; and he would assure his Hon. Friend, that
no man could congratulate him more warmly and
sincerely on his glorious triumph over cruelty and
oppression. He concluded by observing that this
Country was engaged in an awful contest, and • that,
we should relieve ourselves from the weighiy sin
of having beard the wrongs of Africa- without' pity,
and dismissed them witliTit redress.
Lord MAHON supported the Bill in a speech of
site length, the stibStance of which we were unable.
to colle& from the low tone in which he spoke.
Lord MILTON, though he felt extreme
diffi-
dence in offering hiMself to the House, could riot
suffer a subjea of this interest and magnitude to pass
without offering, his sentiments upon it. The ar-
guments offered on the other side, fix from weaken-
ing, had tended to-Sttengthen and confirm the opi-
nion he bad always entertained, that the Shave Trade
was contrary not only to justice and humanity,, but
also to sound policy. That the Slave Population did
.not keep up its numbers in the course of nature was
to him a sufficient proof of bad treatment; and
When the Abolition of the Trade would create an
interest to give better treatment, he was certain the
species would multiply. As long as the Trade-was
continued, Britain would be giying a preniium to
rapine and murder, and preventing the progress of
civilization on the Coast of Africa. Fiat justitia.ruat

. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL. was sorry the
Hon. Gentleman who spoke last . but one had'
played the principles that had fallen from him ; fvr
in the present state of the 'sentiments of the HouSP,
it.-was not those who claimed hurnanity
and justic:
not for- the Negroes but their oppressors, that the
advocates of the Abolition had to fear, ,but those,
who, while' they agreed in the propriety of the.. Ab-
olition, were for deferring the execution of it. The
immediate abolition was the onlyreniedyfor the-evils.
Mr: Park proved that the Negroes who were not
sold, far from being massacred, were kept in a milder
sort of slavery in Africa. There was no evidence of
any such massacre having ever taken place. He
argued'to the fad, that 'no such massacre-ever took
place from the frequent variations of amount of the
demand for Negroes, and consequently the supply to•
answer that demand. When the demand was sudden-
ly increased, as it-was on the,Settlement of Trinidad,
whole families' must have been dragged from theirl.
bitations, without-money to, answer the demand. He
cited several cases of horrid crtielty, in Which the
law was inadequate to do justice to the nna
with resped. to which
.the Whites aeknoWieJged nv
community of law,
nor of, justice, nor of species.
lie concluded.with an eloquent representation of the
gratitude the vote lof this night. Would call iorth from .
posterity, .and of the -happiness .which many of the
younger Members,, who were present, would have
in beholding- what they had, anticipated, with all
the generous ardour of youth,' expressed by some,
of them in a corresponding -glow of language, tne
benign effeetS of this measure upon the Negroes
' • and. the whole property of the Colonies, and.the Pros-
perity of the Empire at large. Wne"
he looked to
•
the Man now at the head of the French onar-
' chy, 'surrounded as lie was :with all the
,pomp of
power and all .-the pride of victory, distributing •
kingdoms to his family, and' princ.pd ities to his fol..
lowers, seemini,when he sot upon.his.throne to have
reached the, .Summit- of lmn*iii ambition, and the
pinnacl&of earthly happiness, and ',Olen no followed
that man inlo his closet or to his bed, and considered
the pangs with which his Scilitutie musi.be tortured;
and his repose haaished by the recollection of the blood
he had spilled, and the oppressions had committed;
and when .be compared, with those pangs of remorse,
the, feeling ~which must accompany' his Hon. Friend'
(>/li:Wilberforce) from that House- to his home,
'atter the. 'vote-of 'this night shbuld have-confirmed
the objet of his humane and 'unceasing labours
when he should retire into the btisom of , his hapri,
and delighted family, when lie should lay himself

aduk..:--Though the merchants "'of Lic.erpOol may
suffer some loss, 'let this foul stain be washed from
the .charaeler of the Nation. He had often heard

the sentiments that lamented Statesman, whom

he vas proud to admire' (Mr. lox), on this subjea,
and he 'was happy. in giving his aid tti the contirnia-
tion and security of the valuable hequest that, distin-
guished Man had 'left to his friends, and the country
in this. great measure.

kr. BRAGGE BATHO3ST doubted the prac-
ticability of maintaining the population ,I,Nitliout the
aid of 'some fnrther space of importation ; smuggling
could not be, prevented. He recommended a gra-,
dual.sv4em of .Abol4iou by heavy fines,' to be ahnu

ally kricreased for six years ; the trade then to cease
altogether. He wished also for a gradual Abolition

in proper time, first substituting villitiag-e for slavery,

andthence.pioceedingto complete freedom. If die
purchase on the, Coast of Africa should .be abruptly.
slopped, he dreaded that the massacre of the Slaves
brought down to the Coast to he sold would be the
result.

Sir JOHN 4,OYLE offered some apology for ad-
) dressiog the House.after the able speaker 6 tlat had
_s.

r
