EXPOSITION

O 'IRE PRACTICES AND MACHINATIONS wprrcn
LED TO THE USURPATION OF THE• CROWN OF
SPAIN, AND THE MEANS ADOPTED BY THE EM-
PEROR OF THE FRENCH TO CARRY IT INTO EX-
ECUTION, BY DON PEDRO CEVALLOS, FLEET SE-
CRETARY OF STATE AND DISPATCHES TO HIS
CATHOLIC MAJESTY FERDINANP

At a period when the nation has made and
continues to make the most heroic of ts to shake
Off the yoke of slavery attempted to be imposed upon
it, it is the duty of all good citizens to contribute,
by every means in their power, to enlighten it with
respeli to the real causes that- have brought it into
its present situation, and to keep up the'noble spirit
by winch it is animated.
" 10 make known to Spain and the whole world
the base means resorted to by the Emperor of the
Ert,ml; to seize the person of f,ur King, Ferdinand
and to subjugate this great and generous na—
tion, is a duty well worthy of one who, like myself,'
is in a condition to discharge it ; inasmuch as cir-
cumstances placed- me in a situation. to be an eye
W4ineis of the evetizs which preceded the catastrophe
of Bayonne, and in which I bore a part. It was
nit in my power to do this before, in consequence
of a personal restraint, and from not haviOg colleaed
the documents necessary to accredit my statement.
Some are still wanting, which it was necessary to
burn, in consequence of dangerous circumstances,
in which every thing was to be teared ; others have
disappeared through the various incidents connect-
ed w h that unhappy period ; but those I now pre-
sent are sufficient to prove the atrocious violence
committed against our beloved Kiog Ferdinard VII.
and the whole nation.

" Though the conduct of Spain towards France 1
since the peace of Bask, a very interesting portion
of its political history 'in these-latter times, is inti-•'
windy connected with- the important events which
form the subjedt of this Exposition, it is not neces-
sary t.. dwell even upon its principal periods.. It
will be sufficient to-state w hat tite whole nation, and
ail Europe knows, that the political system of Spain
.bas constantly bet n during this time to preserve
friendship and the best understanding with France,
and to maintain, at all hazards, the ruinous alliance
concluded in 1796.
" To attain this end, there is,no sacrifice which
Spain has not made ; and as the preset vation of the
-Prince ot the Peace in the high degree of favour he
enjoyed- with Charles IV. depended in a great Inea-
Sure upon the continuance of this system, it was
maintained with the greatest constancy and indeta-
tigable attention. Fleets, armies, treasure, every
thing was sacrificed to France ; humiliations, sub-
tYaiston,„ every thing was suffered ; every thing was
fate to satisfy, as tar as possible, the insatiable de-
mands of the French Government ; but the idea
never once occurred 'of preserving the nation against
the iliaJduations of an Ally, who was over-running
Europe.
'The Treaty of Tilsit, in which the destiny of the
world seemed 'to be decided in his favOur, was hardly
concluded, when he turned 11:••3 eyes towards the
Westfand resolved on the ruin of Portugal and Spain ;
or, what collies to the same purpose,' to make him-
self master of this vast Peninsula, with a view of •
nuking its inhabitants as happy as those of Italy,
-Holland, Switzerland, and the League of the Rhine.
" At this very time tae Emperor was revolving in
his mind some deSigns. fatal to Spain (tor he began
to disarm her), by demanding a respectable body ot
our troops to exert their valour in remote regions,
and for foreign interests. This he effected without
difficulty, and there was placed at his disposal a
.gallatit and rt-Ated force of .16,000 awn, ot all de-
scriptions.
" The enterprize of "making himself master of
Spain was not so easy as Napoleon imagined. It
was, above ail, necessary to find out some pretext
for carrying into execution the daring and gigantic
• plan of subjugating a friendly and allied nation, that
bad made so many sacrifices, for France; and which
this very Etnperor had praised for its fidelity and,
nobleness of character.

" Nevertheless, being accustomed to act with that
disrekord to delicacy in the choice- of his means,
which is characteristic of the man who imagines that
the:conquest of the whole world, the destruction of
the human species, and the, havoc of war, are con-
ducive to true glory, he resolved to excite and fo-
ment discord in the Royal Family,of Spain, through
his Ambassador at this Court. _ .

• " The latter, though perhaps not initiated in the
grand secret 91 his Master, succeeded in seducing
the Prince of Asturias, our present King-and Master,
and suggested to him the idea of intermarrying with
a Princess related to the Emperor. The affliction
Which his Highness laboured under from a conjunc-
tion of circumstances, as lamentable as notorious,
and his anxiety to avoid another connection into
which it was attempted to force him, with a lady
selected for him by his greatest enemy, and on that
account alone the object of his aversion, induced him
to acquiesce in the suggestions of the Ambassador;
but with the stipulation, that it was to -m'eet the
approbation of his august Parents; and under the
impression that "it would strengthen the friendship
and alliance then subsisting between the two Crowns.
His Highness, Actuated by motives so cogent in a
political point of view, and yielding to the solicita-
tions of the Ambassador, wrote accordingly to,his
Laiperial Majesty.
A few days after our beloved Prince wrote this
letter, occurred the. scandalous imprisonment of his
august person in the Royal Monastery of St.
rence, and. the still more, scandalous Decree which
was issued in the name of the King, and addressed
to the Council of Castile. There are very strong
reasons to believe, that the.unknown hand that frus-
trated this feigned conspiracy Was some French
Agent employed to foiward the plan whieh Napo-
leon had formed.

•
,
0.!!!,s •
• •
*

- •
)
111.1
ft
V ,/ •

EPRIcE sP PE CE.

" Fortunately the Spanish nation was deeply im—
pressed with its situati-n, entertained ajust opiuion
of the good disposition and religious principles of
the Prince of the Asturias, and suspected instan-
taneously that the whole was a calonmy fabricated
by the Favourite,, as.absurd as it was audacious, in
order to remove the only obstacle which then op-
posed it i s views.
It is alre,idy known, that on the imprisonment
of the Prince of Asturias, his Royal Father wrote to
the, Empetl4. no doubt at the suggestion 'of dm
Favourite, complaining of the conduct of the Am-
bassador Beauhsruois, in his thinth:,,tinp communi-
cations with the Prince of• Asturias, and expressing
his surprise that the Emperor had not conic to a pre^
vious understanding with his Mr::-.s.ty on a stobjett of
such pre-eminent importance to Sovereigns.
" As the imprisonment'of the Prince <4lAsturia!,
and, above all, the most scandalous Decree fulminat-
ed against.tils Royal Person, produced an effetl corn.
pk)tely .-.rmitari to theesPeOations of the Favouri;e,
he began 'to be afraid, thought proper to n-cede, and
to Mrdiate a reconciliation between the Royal Pa.,
rents and their Son. With this view, as is slated in
the Abstract of the Escurial Cause, circulated by the
in consequence of his Majesty's orders of ftie
Bth April, he forged certain letters, and made the
Prince of Asturias sign them while a prisoner, which.
being delivered into the hands of the Rtiyal Parents,
were supposed to.have softened their hearts; and by
these singular means did this innocent Prince obtain
a nominal' liberty.

" This. was the stale of affairs when a French
Courier arrived at the Royal Palace of St. Laurence,
with a treaty concluded and 's;gned at Yontainbleau
on the 27th of October, by.. Don Eugenio Isquierdo,
as Plenipotentiary, of his Catholic .11,-lajeSty, and Mar-
shal Duroc, in the name, of the Empetor of the
French. • Its contents, as well as`thase of the sepa-
rate Convention, constitute Nos. I. 2. of the docu-
ments annexed to this Expo-ition.
" It -is worthy of: observation, that the depart-
ment of the Ministry, of which I was at the head,
was totally unacquainted with the measurf„'aken by
Don E. Isquierdo, at Paris, as %%411 as with his ap-
pointinent, his instructions, his correspondence, and
every part of his proceedings.
The result of this treaty was to render_the Em-
peror
master .01 Portugal with very little expence ; to
furnish him with a plausible pretext for introducing
his armies into our Peninsula, with the intent of
subjugating it at a proper opportunity, and to put _
him in immediate possession of Tusettly.
" The Favourite was to have for his portion the
Algarves and Manley), in full property and sove-
reignty,
reignty,'but the Emperor's. answer to the letters of
the Royal Father had not yet arrived ; it was corn-
pletel) uncertain what it would be; and this filled him
with fear and anxiety. .
" The intimate rdations which the' Favourite
maintained at that period with the Grand Duke of
Berg, through the medium of his confident Isqui-
erdo, flattered him to a certain degree with the hope
that every thing would be settled to his wishes,
though the interposition of a few millions
.might be
necessary. But neither the Favourite nor his confi-
dent Knew the real intentions of the person they
were treating with at Paris. In fact, the instant
the Emperor found that-the Favourite had cominit-
ted himself,. and the Royal Parents were hiought
into discredit, he showed no disposition toatiswer• his
Majesty's letters, for the-purpose of keeping them
in suspence, and inspiring them with dread, in the
hope that-they might form the resolution of with.
drawing, though at that time he had not completed
his plan for taking an advantage of such an occur-
rence.
" The Grand Duke wrote to the Favourite, that
he would emph'iy every means to support him, but.
that the negociation was rendered very delicate, ow,
ing to the extraordinary attachment which prevailed
in Spain towards the Prince of Asturias, and the
consideration due towards aPrincess who was cousin
to the Empress, and in consequence of the part the
F Ambassador Beauharnois, her relative, took in the
business: (t.) . . .
" NOw it was that the Favourite began clearly to
discover how much his credit had sunk, and he gave
hicasell up for lost, in consequence of being depriv-
ed of the support of his imaginary protector, the
Emperor of -the French. There were no means now
negletted by him to endeavour to ingratiate hiniself
with the Grand Duke of Berg; every sort of expres-
sion, every kind of deference was employed for this
purpose.; and the more etfe&ually to avert the im-
pending storm, he prevailed on the Royal Parents to
write to the Emperor direct, and to request his con-
sent to the marriage of one of his cousins to the •
Prince of Asturias.
" Meanwhile the Emperor of the French appeared
to be very much dissatisfied with_ the conduct of Is-
quierdo, and kept him at a distance, in order to cut
otf. this dire& mode of communication, and to make
himself more impenetiable-. . .
" His Imperial Majesty set off on a journey to
Italy witlythat studied parade which-all Europe has
witnessed;' giving it such an air of importance, that
it was to be presumed he was going" to fix the deS-
tini'es of the world. But there reason to surmise
that his real object was no other than to divert the
general attention to .that quarter, for the purpose of
misleading the other States, whilst his. real -de-
stgns.were directed to the invasion. of Portugal and
Spain. •
•
• " This artifice and dissimulation. did not, hOw.
ever, prevent the discovery of one, of the articles .in
the. Secret Treaty of Fontainbleau, by his expelling,.
with, the greatest precipitation, from Tuscany, the
Queen Regent and her children, and plundering
the Royal 'Palace, and seizing all the public funds-
' of a- Court that was ignorant of the existence of
such. a Treaty, and had committed no ad of for-
, feitere. .
.• • I
" WhilSt the EMperor kept Europe in 'silver:Se
by his, journey to Milan and Venice, he thought Et
to atiswer..tlae letters which he bad sotlle time be-

fire received trom the Rayal Tathereassnring his
Meiesty that he never had the slightest information
of the circumstances which he communicated re-.
spcaine his eon t.ths Prince of Asturias;' ter:ever 're-
ceived any -letter from -hiS Royal. Highness. (2.)
Nevertheless his Majesty consented to the proposed
iivertrefrriage with a Princess of his family, un-
doubtedly with an intention of amusing the Royal
Parents ; whilst he was sending into Spain, under
various pretexts, all the troops which. hehad then
disposable, and.. was studiously propagating an idea
that he was favourable to the cause of the Prince of
Asturias, and thus endeatouring to captivate the
good opinion of the Spanish nation.
" The Royal Parents, struck with the terror
which this condua of the Emperor naturally inspir-
ed, and the -Favourite being still more astonished,
Opposed no obstacle to' the entrance of .the - French
troops into the peninsula ' on the contrary, they
gave" the most effeaual orders that they should be
receise d and treated even on a better footing than
the Spanish troops. •
" The Emperor, under the pretence of consulting
the security of these troops, ordered his Generals, by
stratagem or force, to get possession of tree fortresses
of Painpeluna, St. Sebastian, Figuieras, and Barce-
lona, which alone could present any obstacle to an
trn asion. They were accordingly taken by fraud and
surprise, to the ine.;;;nation and sorrow of the whole
nation, to which the French still affe&ed to profess
friendship_ and alliance..
" The Emperor, conceiving himself already mas-
ter of all Spain, and thinking the time had arrived
for -accelerating his measores, thought proper to
%%rite et letter to the Royal Father, complaining, in
the bitterest-terms, that his Majesty had not renewed
hiS application for an Imperial Princess for his son,
the Prince of Asturias. The King was pleased to
return !or answer, that he adhered to his former
-proposal, and was Willing that the marriage should
immediately take place.
Some important proceeding was still necessary
to Carry the project to a proper degree of maturity;
and the Emperor, not -tsliling to trust into writing,
tenught he couid not find a better Instrument than
Don' Eugenio Isquierdo, whom he had -detained in
Pails-in a state of great dejeaion and terror, that had
been artfully impressed upoo him for the purpose of
his wore effeaually executing his commission, by
ineeressing the Royal Parents and the Favourite with
-the same feelings. •
• "In this state of things, the Emperor ordered
-Isquierdo 'To repair to Spain, which-he accordingly
did, in a very precipitate and mysterious mermere
• According to his verbal statements, lie brought • no
'proposal in writing with him, nor was he to receive
any, ars' he had orders to remain 'only three days.
On his arrival, under these circumstances, at
-skranjuez, the Favourite conducted hinetei7the=pre-
sence- of the Royal Parent's, and their 'conferettees.
were concluded with so much secrecye-'-that it Was:
impossible for any one to discover the 4Shject of his
mission ; but soon after his departure from this
capital, their Majesties began to shew a dispositina
to abandon the Metropolis and the Peninsula, and to
emigrate to Mexico. •
" The recent example of the determination taken
by the Royal Family.of Portugal, seemed to have
Tully corresponded with theviews of the Emperor,
and there is reason to think that his Imperial Ma-
jesty promised himself a simileisuccees in Spain.
" Rut be must have been very ignorant of the
Spanish character to flatter himself with such expece
tations. Scarcely had the first reports gone abroad
of the intentions 'of the Royal Family to abandon
their residency--a resolution clearly indicated by the
many preparations which were going on—than
discontent and fear were depicted, in the most lively
colours, in the. features of all the inhabitants of the
capital, and of all ranks and classes of persons. ThiS
skw was' sufficient to induce their Majesties to
refine the rumour, and to assure the people that
they would not abandon them.
" tiTeverthelese, such was the general distrust,
s eel the magnitude of the evils which must have re-
eultsd, and such and so many the symptoms,of a de-
termination to. emigrate, that every one was on the
alert, and all seemed to be impressed with the ne-
cessity of preventing a measure pregnant with so
many mischiefs. The danger increased, and the
fears of the public kept pace with it. The conse-
quence was; that the cotnmotions of Aranjuez, on
the 17th and 19th of March, burst forth like a sud-
den explosion ; the people being led,by a sort of
stioet :ot self-preservation. The result was, the im-
prisooment of the Favourite, who, without the title
of King, had exercised all the functions of Royalty.
" Scarcely had this tempestuous scene taken place,
whea the Royal Parents, finding themselves deprived
of the support of their Favourite, _took the unex-
p:aed bat voluntary resolution
cwhich they had for
some time entertained to abdicate their Throne, as
thev accordingly did in favour of their son and heir,
the Prince of Asturias. • _

_
" The Emperor, ignorant of this sudden evenr,
and, perhaps, never .supposing that the Spaniards
were ,7-ipabic of displaying such resolution, had order-
ed Prince Murat to advance with his army towards
11adrid, under the idea that the Royal Family were
alr,'ady on the coast, and on the point of embarking,
and that tar frond meeting the slightest obstacle on
tile part of the people, ail of them would receive
liirn with open arms, as their. deliverer and guardian
nofel. He. conceived, that the nation was in the
16,;Lr.sst ,degri.e dissatisfied with their Government,
'lever reflected that they were only dissatisfied
with the abuses that had crept into the administra-

lion- of it.
The instant the Grand Duke of Berg was ap-
pti7od of the occurretvces at Aranjuez, he-advanced
with his whole army to occupy the capital-of the
kitgdom, intending, no'doubt, to• profit by the oc7
tasittn, and to take such steps as should be best cal-
c9lated. to realize, by any means, the plan of making
himself waster of Spain...
' " ,In the mean while, the mysterious obscurity of
the Emperor's projects, the proximity di his troops,
and the ignorance in which Ferdinand VII. was of
the real oojed of the Emperor's approach, induced
the King to adopt such measures as appeared to his
NlAjesty best calcubted, to conciliate the good will of

) All this appears from the Correspondence of the Fa-
vourite with the Grand Duke, which the latter carried off'
from the (Alice of the Secretary of State during his Licute-
Pmtcy„
- - -

(1) Compare this statement with the contents of the-letter,
(No, 3) from his Imperial Majesty to King Ferdinand, in
which :le acknowledges having received the letter wiitten to
hint b•‘. the Prince of Asturias, on the suggestion-Of ArtilmS-
sadof -

the Emperor. Not satisfi,.a wit!, haviti rommulni,,
coed his accession to the throne in the mast ilielldiy
and afOionate terms; the Kitig appointed a deputa-
tion oi three Grandees of. Spain to proceed to Bayonne, ,
and in his name to compliment his Imperial Majesty.
He also appointed another Grandee,ol Spain to pay
a similar compliment to the Grand.. Duke of Berg,
who had already arrived in the vicinity of Madrid.
" One of the conttivances which' the French agent•
immediately had recourse to, was to assure_ the Bing,
and to spread the rumour in all quarters, that hist
Imperial Majesty's arrival might be expeCted every
moment. Under this impression, the necessary or,
ders were given for preparing apartments in the Pa-
lace suitable to the dignity of august a guest; and
the King wrote again to the Emperor, Thaw agree-
able it would be to him to be personally acquainted
with his Majesty, and to,assure him with' his own
1 lips of his ardent wishes to strengthen more and
more' the alliance which subsisted between the two
Sovereigns.
The Grand Duke of Berg had in the mean time
entered Madrid, at the head of his troops. He was
no sooner acquainted with the state of affairs, titan
he began to sciw discord. _ He spoke in a mysterious
manner of the abdication of the Crown, executed
by the Royal Father in favour of his son, amidst'the
tumults of Aranjuez, and crave it to be understood,
that until the Emperor had acknowledged Ferdinand
VII. it was impossible for him to take any step that
should. appear like an acknowledgment, and that he.
must be under the necessity of treating only with the

Royal Father.
‘‘ The pretext did not fail to produce the eabet
which the Grand Duke intended. The Royal Pa-

rents, the moment the' were informed of this cir-
cumstance, availed themselves of it to save the Fa- I
vourite, who remained in confinement, and in whose
safety Prince Murat professed to. take an interest,
for the sole purpose of flattering
sowing fresh matter
of discord between the Parents and the Son.
" In this state of filings, the new King made his
public entry into Madrid, without any other parade
than the most numerous concourse of all the inha-
bitants of the capital and its environs, the strongest
expressions of love and loyalty, and the applauses
and acclamations which sprung from the joy and en-
thusiasm of his Subje6ls--a scene truly grand and
impressive,, in which the young King was seen like
a lather in the midst of, his children, entering his
capital as the regenerator and guardian angel of the
Alonarchy.
" The Ddke of Berg was.an eye-witness of this
scene ; but far from abandoning his plan, he tesolv-
ed to persist in it with greater ardour. The experi-.
ment upon the Royal Parents produced the desired
effect 5 bUt whilst the beloved King, who came to
the throne under such good auspices, continued to
be present, it was. impossible to carry the plan into
execution. It was, therefore,. necessary to make
every effort to remove Ferdinand Vii from. Ma,
drid.

" To accompli4h this purpose, the Grand. Duke
every moment spread reporteof. the arrival of.a fresh
courier', with accounts of the Emperor's -departure
from Paris, and that he might he speedily expected to
arrive in this capital. He direded his. effortein the
first instance to, induce the Infant Don Carlos to set
off to receive hielmPerial Majesty, upon the suppo,
sition that his Hiehness must' meet him befthe
he had proceeded two days upon his iourney. }lts
Majesty acceded to the proposal, being influenced. by
the purest and'most beneficent intentions. He had,
no sooner succeeded in procuring the departure of
the Infant, than he manifested the most anxious de
• sire that the King should do the same, leaving no
•means untried to persuade. his Majesty to take thi4
step, and assuring him that it would be attended by
the most happy consequences to the King and .the
whole kingdom.
" At the same time that the Grand Duke of Berg,
the Ambassador, and all the other agents. of France
were proceeding, in this course, they were, on the
other side, busily employed with the. Royal Parents
to procure from them a formal protest against the
abdication of the Crown, which they had executed
spontaneously and With the accustomed solemnities,
in favour of their sots and legitimate heir.
" His Majesty being 'incessantly urged to go to
meet the Emperor, painfully hesitated between' the
`necessity of performing an at of courtesy to his ally,
which be was assured would be.attended with such
advantageous results, and his reluctance to abandon
his loyal 'and beloved people under such critical cir-
cumstances.
" In this embarrassing situation, I can assert, that
my constant opinion, as the King's Minister, was,
that his Majesty should not..leave his Capital until
he received certain information that the .Emperor
was already arrived in Spain, and was approaching
Madrid ; and that even then, he should only pro-
ceed to a distance so short as not to render it neces-
sary to sleep one night out of his Capital.
" Majesty for some days persisted in the re-
solution of not quitting Madrid until he received
certain advice of the Emperor's approach ; and he
would have probably continued in that -determina-
tion, had not the arrival of General Savary added
greater weight to the reiterated solicitations of the
rand puke and the Ambassador Beauharnois.
" General Savary was announced as Envoy from
the Emperor, and in that capacity dewanded an au,
dience from his Majesty, which was immediately
granted. At this audience he professed that he was
by the Emperor merely to compliment his Ma!
jesty, and to know whether his sentiments with re-
sped to France were conformable to those of the
King his father, in which case the Emperor would
forego all consideration vf what had passed, would in
no degree interfere in the internal concerns of the
kingdom, and would immediately recognise his Ma-
jesty as King of Spain and the Indies.
" The most satisfactory answer was given to Ge-
neral Savary; and the conversation was continued in
terms so flattering, that nothing more could have.
been desired. The audience terminated with an
assurance upon his part, that the Emperor had already
lett Paris, that be was- near Bayonne,- and on his
way to Madrid.
" Scarcely bad he left the Audience Chamber,
When he began to make the most urgent applications,
to induce his Majesty to meet the Emperor, assuring
him that this attention Would be very grateful and
flattering to his Imperial Majesty ; and he asserted,
so repeatedly, and in such pdsiiive terms, that the
Emperor's arrival might be eepeded every moment,
I that it was impossible not ti give credit to his,

ac.sertions. It was in iaa very hard to suspect that
a General, the Envoy of an Emperor, should have
come merely for the purpose of deception.
The King at length yielded to so many solicita-,
tions,.and so many flattering hopes and assurances
and his love of his subjeets, and ardent desire to con-
t ribute to their, happiness, by putting an end to this
dreadful crisis, triumphed in his generous heart over
every feeling of repugnance and apprehension.
The day appointed for his Majesty's departure
arrived. General Savary, affecting the most zealous
and assiduous attention to his Majesty, solicited the
honour of accompanying him on his jourhey, which;
at the farthest, could only extend to Burgos, ac-
cording to the information which he had just re-
ceived 'of the Emperor's approach.
During his absence, supposed to be only for a
few days, the King left at Madrid a Supreme Junta
of Government, consisting of the Secretaries of Stag,
and presided, over by his uncle, the most Serene In-
fant Dou Antonio, in order that the urgent affairs of

the Government should be attended to.
" General Savary followed him to Burgos, in a
separate carriage; 'but the Emperor not having
ar-
rived there, he used every exertion to induce his
Majesty to continue his journey as far as Vittoria.
Various discussions arose as to the course which.
ought to be pursued; but artifice and perfidy con-
tended with honour, innocence, and good faith ;
and, in so unequal a strife, the same benevolent in-
tentions which drew his Majesty from his capital

urged him to proceed to Vittoria.
" General Savary, convinced that his Majeity had
resolved to proceed no farther, Continued his journey
to Bayonne with the intention undoubtedly of ac-
quainting the Emperor with all that had passed, and
of procuring a letter from him which should deter-
mioe the King to separate himself from his people.
" At Vittoria hiS Majesty received information that
the Emperor arrived at Bourdeaux, and was on his way
to Bayonne. In consequence of this advice, The Infant
Don Carlos,w ho had been waiting at Tolosa,proceeded
on to Bayonne, whither he' had been invited' by the
Emperor, who, however, delayed his arrival some
days longer.,
" Nothing particular ocehritd at Vittoria, except
that the Supreme Junta of Govertmient at Madrid
having written that the Grand Duke of Berg' had
imperiously demanded that the Favourite should be
releaSed and placed in his hands, his Majesty did not
,think proper to comply with this demand; and in
communicating this determination to the Junta of
Government, enjoined them to enter into no explar
nations with the Grand Duke respe&ing the fate of
the prisoner (3).
In'the
.mean time, General Savary concerted,
with the Empetor ill, what manner they should pre-
:pare to give the finishing blow; and while the French,
' troops in the vicinity of Vittoria were making suspi-
cious movements, he made his appearance in 'that
city, with the letter No. 4, to his Majesty from the
Emperor.
" To the contents of this letter which were nei-
.•ther flattering nor decorous, General Savary added so
many and sech vehement protestations of the interest
which the Emperor took in the welfare of his Mar
jesty, and of Spain, that he even, went so far as to
say, .1 will Sutler my head to be cut off, if within
a quarter of an hour of your Majesty's arrival at
Bayonne, The Emperor shall not haVe recognized
you as King of Spain and the Indies. To support
his own Consistency, he will probably begin by
giving you the title of Highness, but itt live minutes
he will give you that of Majesty, and in three days
every thing will be settled, and your Majesty may
return to Spain immediately.'
" His Majesty, however, hesitated as to the course
which he should take ; but anxious to redeem the
pledge which he had given, and, above all, to relieire
his beloved subje6is from the cruel anxiety in which
they were, he banished from his heart every appre
hension of danger, and shut his ears against 'my
councils, and those of other persons in his train, as
well as to the supplications of that loyal city, and.de
termined to proceed to Bayonne ; his Royal mind
being incapable of suspe6ting that a Sovereign, his
Ally, should invite him as a guest, -for the purpose
of making him a prisoner, and of putting an end to
a dynastY, -which, so fat' from !toying Offended him,
had given him so many striking proofs of its friend-
ship.
‘ Scarcely had his Majesty set foot on the French
territory, when he remarked that no one came to
receive him, until at his arrival at St. Jean de riz,
the Mayor made his appearance, - attended by. the
Municipality. The carriage stopped, and lie ad-
dressed his Majesty with the most lively expressions
of joy he felt at hating the honour of being the first
to receive a King, who was the friend and ally of

France. '
" Shortly after, he was met by the deputation
of the three Grandees of Spain, who had been sent
off to meet the Emperor; and their representation,
with respeet, to the intentions of the Emperor, was
not the most flattering. He was, however, now
too near Bayohne to think of changing his course,
and he therefore continued his journey.
" There came oat to meet the King, the Prince
of Neufchatel and Duroc, Marshal of the Palace,
with a detachment of the Guard of Honour which
the citizens of Bayonne had formed to attend the
Emperor, and they . invited his Majesty to enter
Bayonne, where a place had been prepared for his
residence: This residence appeared to all, and was,
in reality, hot little suitable to the rank of the au-
gust guest who was to occupy it. This remarkable
and excessive neglect formed a singular contrast
with the studied magnificence which the King bad
employed in making the preparations at Madrid for
the reception of his ally.
" His Majesty was doubting what could he the,
meaning of a reception that he so little expected,
when he was informed that the Emperor was coming
to pay him a visit. His Imperial Majesty arrived,
accompanied by a number of his Generals. The
King went down to the street door to receive him,
and both Monarchs embraced each other with every
token of friendship and affeaion. The Emperor
staid but a short time with His Majesty, and they.
embraced each other again at parting.
" Soon after, Marshal Duroc came to invite the
King to dine with his Imperial Majesty, whose car-
riages were coming to convey His Majesty to the
Palace of Marac : this accordingly took place. The

(3) Every body kno*.; that the prisoner was at length de-,
livered up to the French, and conducted under an escort by
them to Bayonne. This step was Solely owing to 'an order
from the I unta of Government yielding to imperious circum-
stances and the peremptory menaces of the Grand Duke.

Emperor came as far. as the coach-steps to receive.,
his Majesty, embraced him' again, and led him by
-the blind to the apartment provided for him.
h - ",Tie King had no sooner returned to his resi-
,. dehce, when. General Savary waited on his Majesty
To infoi-m hiM that the. Emperor had irrevocably de-
-IThratilied that the Bourbon dynasty .should no
longer reign in Spain ; that it should be succeeded
by his; and therefore his Imperial Majesty required
that the King should, in his own name and that of
all his family, renounce the Crown of Spain and the
Indies, in favour of the dynasty of Buonaparte.
" It would be .ditficult to describe the surprise
with which the Royal mind of his Majesty was af-
fected, and the consternation with. which all those
who were nearest to his person were struck at hear-
ing of such a proposition. His Majesty was not yet
recovered from the fatigues of a toilsome journey,
when the same man who had made him so many
protestations of security at Madrid and on the road,
who had drawn him from his capital and his king-
dom
to Bayonne, on pretence of adjusting matters
of the greate-st importance to both States, and of his
. being recognized by his Imperial Majesty, had the
audacity to IJe the bearer of so scaudalous'a pro-
posal. . • ,
On the following day, I was sent for by the
Emperor to his Royal Palace, where I found the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Champagny, waiting
to enter upon 'a discussion of the proposals verbally
stated by General Savary. I instantly complained of ,
the perfidy with which so important an affair was
proceeded in ; representing that the King, nay Masl.
ter, came to Bayonne, relying on the assurances
given•by General Savary, in the name of the Empe-
ror, and in the presence of the Dukes DA Infantado,
S. Carlos, D. Juan Escoiquiz, and myself, that
his Imperial Majesty would recognize him at the
very first interview between the two Sovereigns, in the
Imperial Palace of Marac ; that when his Majesty ex-
petted to witness the realization of this promised
recognition, he was surprised with the propositions
above alluded to ; and that his Majesty had autho-
rized me .to protest against the violence done to his
person, in not permitting him to return to Spain ;
-andas-a categorical and final answer to the'iolicita-
'lion of the Emperor, that the King neither would
nor could renounce his crown in favour of another
dynasty, without being wanting in the duties which
he owed to his subjects and to his own charaEter ;
that he could not do so in prejudice tolhe indivi-
duals of his own family, who were caned to the sue- -'
cession by the fundamental laws of the Kingdom
and much less could he consent to the establishment
of another dynasty, which ought alone to be called
to the throne by the Spanish Nation, in virtue of
their original right to elect another family upon the
termination of the present dynasty.
- , " The Minister of Foreign Affairs insisted. on the
necessity of the renunciation which had been pro-
posidl, and contended. that the abdication signed by
Charles the IV. on the Igth of March, had not been
voluntary.
" I expressed my surprise that the King should be
importuned to renounce his crown, at the same mo-
anent that it was asserted that 'the renunciation of
his father ,was not his free aEt. I wished, however,
not to be understood as entering into such at, discus-
sion, as I could not acknowledge the smallest autho-
rity in the Emperor to interineddle- with matters,'
which were purely domestic, and peculiarly: belongs
irpegspe:toa thee
ex
a Spanishnw i
e
of Government,tlcabtne tf:ll;:it's, It'eb -
rejected as inadmissible. the applications -of- hwashe i.Vniait'"
jesty, the Royal Father, in favour of his ally,andfirst
cousin the unfortunate Louis XVI.
Nevertheless, 'desirous of giving to truth and .
innocence a testimony which they alone bad a righs'
to exaEt, I added, that three weeks before the dig'
turhance acAranjuez, Charles IV. in my presence,
and that of all the other Ministers of State, addressed
her Majesty the queen, in these words :—,, Maris
'Louisa, we will retire to one of the provinces, wlies4
.we will pass our . days. in, tranquillity ; and Ferdi-
,
nand; who is a young man, will take upon himself
Whe-burden of the Government"-
" I represented to hiin, that, on the 17th, 18th,
and loth,' no violence was done to his Majesty, i(1
order to extort an abdication of his Crown, eith2r by
the people, who had risen purely from the apprebe"-
sion that his Majesty was going to remove to Seville'
and thence to America; or on the part of his sots,
the Prince of Asturias, or any other persons ;
which faits the Ministers of the Corps Diplomatise°
as-Well as all the persons about the Court, were 1-em.
i
convinced, since all of them congratulated and,o°ll of
plimented the new Sovereign, with the excePhe had
the French Arnbassador, who pretended that
not been •turnished with the necessary inoroction.s,
disregarding the example of his colleagues, N,"°
were as little provided with instructions troal "leir
respective courts.
" I concluded with proving to him that the re-
nunciation of the Royal Father was only the comet.
, qiaence of his ,Majesty's predileE tion forthe
trance
eility of a private life, and his persuasion that his
constitution, enfeebled by age and habitual indisposi?,
tion, was incompetent to support the heavy burdeo
of the Government."
i To be cOnlinued.l —....d

MAILS.
.ARRIvEn•—« Dublin, t Waterford. Du&—z Gottenbure'
Watertbrd.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DA Y AT TWELV B O'CLOCK.
Consols - - - 65;17, I Ornniurn. - 2

THE SUN.

SWAIM QUIS DICIRS FALSUNI AUDRAT ?

LONDON,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1808.

LETTERS were received in town yesterday frptr',
Oporto, dated the 25th ult. Which state, that the'
whole of the French troops had embarked, and Oaf'
great preparations were making at Lisbon, and jo'
other parts of Portugal, for public rejoicings for tli*
delivery of the Country from their French oppressors"
So much for the discontent which we were told the'
Portuguese felt in consequence of the late Converl",
tion The Bishop of Oporto has consented to be",
come Member of the Regency, and he had left
OportOlor Lisbon, in order to asstarne his Office.
