GLASGOW.

(From the Glasgow Chronicle of Friday.)
We congratulate our readers and the citizens of Glasgow
on the rapid progress of enlightened principles, through-
out the country, and more particularly on the gratifying
announcement which our advertising columns to-night
exhibit from the Council Chamber of the Burgh of
Glasgow. The Magistrates and Council have declared
themselves in favour of Parliamentary and Burgh Re•
form. At the meeting of the Council to-day, a report
of the Committee, appointed on Wednesday, approving
of the proposed resolutions, was read, and unanimously
approved of. The resolutions are exceedingly well drawn
up. It is a proud circumstance for Glasgow, that the
literary merit and independent spirit of these resolutions,
contrast so strongly with the address of the Edinburgh
Member to his servile Corporation, which refused to call
a public meeting for Reform.
The Magistrates having thus taken the lead, the mea-
chants' and trades' houses followed on Monday, and it
now remains for the citizens to aid these bodies in their
applications to Parliament by requesting the Lord Pro-
vost to call a public meeting. The new Ministry are told
that Scotland does not ask fur Reforth ; let it therefore
be the duty of the people to show to the King and to
Parliament that the statement, though made by a Scottish
Member who should have known better, is grossly un.
founded.
We understand that a requisition to the Lord Provost
is in the course of being subscribed, requesting his Lord-
ship to call a public meeting of the merchants, bankers,
traders, and householders, within the city of Glasgow, to
consider the propriety of petitioning both Houses of Par-
liament for Parliamentary Reform; and more especially
for a Reform of the Scottish Representation.
To-day, at one o'clock, a meeting of the county of Ren-
frew, called by Justices of the Peace, was held in the
County Court-hall, Paisley, for the purpose of congratu-
lating his Majesty on the occasion of his having displaced
the late Ministry—to implore his Majesty to dissolve the
present Parliament, and to petition for an immediate Reform
in the Commons' House of Parliament. Sir John Maxwell
in the chair.
Mr. WALLACE moved a series of resolutions, as well as
an address to the King, and petitions to both Houses o
Parliament. The address to the King prayed his Ma-
jesty to grant Parliamentary Ramat, and to dissolve Par-
liament, if the House, as now constituted, should be any
bar to that measure. The petitien to the Peers craved
that their Lordships should counsel the King to grant Re-
form, encourage the people to assert their rights, and to do
away with that influence which so many of their order
had acquired is the House of Commons. Mr. Dentine,
of Ardoch, seconded the resolutions and petitions, which
were agreed to.
After the regular business of the meeting was over, re-
solutions for the forming a Reform Association of the
county of Renfrew were read and adopted, and ti Cam,
mittee appointed to draw out rules for the regulation of
the Association, to be hereafter laid before it public meet-
ing called for the pullout*. The meeting did not separate
till four o'clock.
It is gratifying to observe the spirit with which the
qUeation of Reform is taken up in various ports of the
country, and the judicious course which is taken in laying
the matter before Parliament. Similar meetings will, we
hope, be held in every town and parish in Scotland.

PLYiIOUfU,
(From the West Briton.) .
A meeting of some of the staunch friends of Reform in
Parliament, resideribi" of Plymouth and Devonpott, took
place en 'Tuesday last, at the Freemasons' Mall, at Ply-
❑touth; convened fir the purpose of adopting the necessary
measures to give publicity in the neighbourhood, to the
petition resolved upon last week at the Castle of Exeter,
and in order to afford as well as possible en oppartunity for
the freeholders and inhabitants' paying rates nod taxes"
to come forward and sign the same, in which no time
should be lost, since it is necessary that the skins contsin-
Mg the signatures should be sent to Exeter on Thursday
evening next, the lOth instant. 'A subscription was raised

LONDON,
ITESDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 7, 1880.

We can state on authority, that the following
appointments, which appeared in the " Time?' this
morning, are correct ; the patents having been made
out, and this morning forwarded from the Treasury

" Sir JAMES Kustr, Master-General of the Ordnance.
Irish, Lord Chancellor, Lord PLonxtrr ; Chief Jus-
tice of Common Pleas:, Mr. DOHERTY; Chief Baron,
Mr. Joy t Altorney.•General, Mr. Pauur.raTrign;
Solicitor-General, Mr. CRAMPTON j King's Serjemt, the
Yell-known Catholic barrister Mr. O'LAUUIILAN."

It is HUE x little curious that Lord BROUUIt AM,
who is the founder, head, and chief support of the
London University, should also, In his capacity of
Chancellor, be the head of the King's College,
which was founded for the express purpose of op-
posing the former University; but we have no doubt
this fortuitous circumstance will benefit both esta-
blishments, by produ6ing a harmonious and generous
rivalry between them. Learning►, like genius,
should inspire no other feeling but that of emulative
zeal, to be distinguished for superior excellence.

German Piper have been received,but they con-
lain nothing of any particular moment.
v,1.4.tt Nov 2t1.--Four per Cents, 8114 ; Bank Shares, 1,083

The moat prominent point in dispute in the affairs
of Belgium, appears to relate to the Duchy of Lux-
embourg. When the Holy Allies separated Be]-
giant from Prance, it pleased them to make over
the hook told bodies in this territory to the King of
HoLIAND, but to declare that he held them in
qualby of- member of the Germanic Confederation,
under the title of Doke of LuxEstnontr); and
that in evidence of this the troops of the Con-
federation, in conjunction with the troops of the
Netherlands, should hold the capital. This arrange-
ment was at a subsequent period found so incon-

eenienr, that the Netherlands contingent was with-I
drawn, and the capital left entirely in the hands of n
Prussian force. At the Revolution, the inhabitants
if the territory of Luxembourg, with the exception
)1 the capital, joined the nett of the Belgians,
aid substituted the Belgian . Government for
hat of the King of flot.LiNn.. The Belgian
Government has declared the territory of Luxetre
bourg to be a component part of the Belgian States,
with reservation o/ the rights of the Germanic Body.
Film is, they say to the Germanic Body," All that
was the King of HOLLAND'S Is now the King of
BELGIUM'S; but what was yours, we do not mean
to touch, and we arc ready to put ourselves in tin
place of the King of Homan) for the fulfilment
dl contracts." To which the Germanic Body re.
plies," No ; we will not have you—you are not On
right men. We love Kings of Holland, and we
do not love free Governments. We scorn your
offer; and we will come aid burn you if France and
Englund will let us." Here then is the question
brought to an issue, of whether there is to be an
European war because the Germanic Confederation
does not like Constitutional Kiags. A parallel case
may be made, by supposing that Jersey had been
made over to the English King, but upon conditiem
that he held it as a member of some Continental
Confederation, and kept. a foreign ga►rison in the
capital ; and that on the accession of WILLIAM 111.
the Continentals had refuted to acknowledge him
in Jersey. It is evidently a portion of the general
question, whether the despotic Governments of
Europe are to dictate to the Free States ; and
when a Dutch Governor summons the people of
Luxembourg to submit to "their KING the Gland
Duke," it is for the people of France and England
'to consider, whether it is not high time this Holy
Alliance jargon was set at rest for ever.

The question. of • Reform is making rapid head
way throUgh every part of the kingdom. England
—Scotland—lreland—each is vicing with the other
in her endeavours to ensure its accomplishment.
Scotland in particular, is assuming a high tone of in-
dependence. The late meeting at Edinburgh
breathes the very spirit of boldness and determina-
tion, tempered however by 'discretion, foresight,
and unanimity., Not a single hand in that vast as-
sembly, comprising almost all the intellect and re-
spectability of the modern Athens, was held up
against the resolutions in favour of Reform. Every
individual seemed to feel that the time was now
come when the representative system must be re-
modelled. Mr.' MURRAY in a speech replete with
good sense and animation dwelt in detail on the
character of the Scotch el, cations: he exposed their
corruption—he ridiculed their absurdity—he
anatomized and laid bare.(and with no unflinching
hand) the system of monopoly that pervades them—a
system which panders to the worst of purposes; which,
strengthens un intolerant Government, while it de-
bilitates a liberal one, and degrades the individual
while it demoralizes the country. At Glasgow the
same spirit prevails as at Edinburgh. The Magis-
trates and Council of the former great commercial
city have not only admitted that the state of the
representation of Scotland is defective—for this,
unaccompanied by further acts, would be a work of
supererogation—but have nobly come forward to ex-
press their conviction that Glaagow should no
longer be a close borough, but enjoy the same
election privileges ns the most
,independent
city in England. In 'relent', the North is equally
on the alert. Belfast has led the wxy ; Derry
has followed ; Armagh has not been far be-
hind. In a 'word, throughout almost every county,
city, town, and even !mallet, in England, Scot-
and, and Ireland, the question of Reform has been
stirred, or is at this moment stirring. The very
peasantry have taken it up as a rallying point, and
look forward to its necoinplishment, in the convic-
tion that their distresses will be thereby, if not
wholly removed, at least considerably ameliorated.
Reform being thus popular—the conviction of its
necessity being thus diffused through all classes of
the community, little apprehension need be enter-
tained of its full and perfect triumph. The KING
is pledged to it—the Cabinet is pledged to it—the
country is resolved on it. But the Boroughmongers,
it may be urged, are against it l Granted, but ii
ono little fragment of good sense yet lingers in the
brains of these men ; if they be not altogether
" dull as the fat weed that rots on Lethe's
• stream ;" they will not lose the opportunity of yield.
ing to the imperative necessities of the people
By conceding something, even at this lute hour,
they may preserve much; by conceding nothing
they will—they must--lose all. Fortunately, which•
ever way they decide, England cannot fail to be the
gainer. If they concede, she will of course benefit
by such concession : if they 'reject her claims, sl.e
will put forth her undivided moral strength, and
" scatter them"—to use the appropriate phraseology
of a speaker at the Edinburgh meeting—" like chaff
before the wind."

Ouc word more. The people, they may rely on it,
cannot be toe persevering or toe united in their pre-
sent demands for Reform. if they desire to see the
failing health of the Constitution recruited—corrup-
tion deprived of its influence—taxation reduced—
the Corn Laws modified—the Game Laws
abolished—justice rendered cheap and accessible to
all—if, in short, they desire to see Eng-
land ns she should be, but as she never
yet has been, free, prosperous, and happy,
tranquil at home, respected abroad, the envy 01
Europe and the world—if the people really desire
to see this, they will not cease to thunder at the
gates of the Legislature till their rightful claims are
granted.

On Thursday evening, a meeting was held
in Perth, to take into consideration the propriety of
petitioning Parliament on the subject of Reform. Dr.
DAVID Toon in the Chair. The great majority of
those Assembled were of respectable appearance. A
number of forcible speeches were delivered, embrac-
ing all the ordinary State grievancee. One of the
speakers, in adverting to the vast number of petitions
that had been lately drawn up for the Abolition of
Negro Slavery, paid, that he abhorred slavery of every
description, hut that charity must begin at home, and
that the Christian should first pull the beam from his
own eye, before he set about taking the mote out of
his neighbour's. "We call ourselves free," continued the
animated speaker, " hut who can be free that is born heir
to a debt of a thousand ; and comes into the
world with a Corn Bill on his back ?" Resolutions in
favour of U. S., V. by 8., and A. P., were unanimously
agreed to. The thanks of the meeting were then vow
to the independent advocates of Reform, in England,. Ire-
land, and Scotland; and to the Loan.Paavost of Perth,
for the liberal and friendly manner in which he expressrei
himself towards the right of all classes to meet and petition
Parliament for redress of grievances.— Glasposo• (Aron.
In the case of a late failure, the principal
partner, whose family are reduced from affluence to
poverty, is still ignorant of the calamity which has befallen
his house,
.he leaving, from- a recent accident, been ever
since deprived of reason.—liforiting Herald.
_

4, Swing" seems to have been an appellation
most unhappily hit upon the origins] irstigtitop,
of the hoc diem+ betters, pointing out, se it appears to do,
the tee probable fateof some of their deluded followers,

It has been pretty clearly ascertained that in
many puts of tho eouutry, the riotous proceedings of the
labourers bare not been disagreeable to their employers,

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAY.)

PROM. LLOYD'S.
PORTS M Dec s,SK—Arrived the Hope,
Powell, from Memel.
PLYMOUTH, Dee. h,—Witid S. S. F. a 1010.—Arrived the
Wilhehninit Maria. from Smyrna ; and the Luphati, from /Viral.
FALMOUTH, Dec. S...—Wind S. to S. S. N.. heavy gales, with
iqualls.—Arrived the Lord Amherst, from Faye';
myth, 7'tnk In from Lisbon-,
SCA It R 0 Dec. s.—Oir port, the Bettie, from Riga,
and Agenoriii, (men St. Petersburgh,
SUNDERLAND, Due. s.—Offport the Alruorali, said, from
Petersburgh.
PENZ A NCE, Due. 5..-01 r port the Union, :from St.
'Minas's ; the Indian, Robertion, from Quebec. Albion Or-
lett r, from Leghorn.
BRISTOL Due. d,--Arrived the Ely, Davie from Zany: ;
,v from 'Bordeaux; Deux, Eugenics, from Nantes.
LYNN, Dec, h.—otr port, the tilory, Bruin;, the 'Parana ny•
1 logg ; and the Jameson, Murray, from St. Pet ersburgh ; Fate,
Seabird, from Memel.
HOLYHEAD, I)ac. rrived the Carmen*, !runlet., from
Oporto.
LIVERPOOL, Dee. 4. Arrived the nispilam, Evans, from
Messina; and the Brothers, Jarvis, front Gijon.

The Mary Ann Louisa, Rol, of Dalian was on shore on the
Skerries on the :id inst, with damage Alaio.l4l of rudder.
The 4. nity Power, (coal laden), was totally wrecked near Wir.
terford on the 9al Inst.
The Charlotte, from Cockton, was carried into Yarmouth
Roads on Saturday, abandoned by the crew.
The Kitty, .........—, front Whitehm en to Carshff, we, on shore
in Kingston Harbour nn the MI hat. and greatly damaged.
The Alert, Davidson, from Memel to Dublin, has put into
Thum, waterlogged.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.-(THIS DAY.)
