COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

(Concluded from The Sun of yesterday.)
The Loam MAYOR having laid before the Court the
requisition for a petition to Parliament relative to the
slave trade, the Court decided to receive reports from the
Committees previous to considering that subject.
Several reports for granting leases were read and agreed

to.
The Court then proceeded to consider the requisi'ion
introduced by Mr. TAYLOR, who moved a resolution for a
petition to both Houses of Parliament, which was seconded
by Mr. Deputy WEsToN.
Mr. DIXON moved an amendment to the resolution, by
adding that a fair and just remuneration should be made to
the owners of the slaves.

Mr. Jorni Dixoti supported the amendment.
Several members having spoken, a motion was made
for adjourning the consideration of the question, and on
that motion being put the LORD MAYOR declare,' the ad-
journment carried. A division was then demanded and
granted, when the adjournment was negatived by a majo-
rity of 1, the numbers being 31 to 30.
The amendment moved by Mr. DixoN was then put and
negatived, and the original motion agreed to (for which
see advertisement).
Petitions to both Houses of Parliament, founded on the
resolution, were then adopted, and ordered to be presented
in the usual form.

After which the Court broke up.

NEWCASTLE AND CARLISLE RAILWAY
COMPANY.

The General Annual Meeting of the Company was
held at the Assembly-rooms on Wednesday last, and fully
attended. A highly-satisfactory report from the Direc-
tors was read, from which we learn that during the past
year those portions of the works have been anxiously
pressed forward which are likely to be most productive
to the shareholders, namely, the lines between Hexham
and Newcastle and between Crossbank and Carlisle,
in both of which great progress has been made. Those
two portions include the most formidable works of the
whole line. On the easter portion the tunnel at Farnley
Scars, 170 yards in length, is in course of excavation, and
it is hoped will b, completed within twelve months from
this time. On the western portion the passage through
the Conran hills, which was originally intended to be a
tunnel, has been made an open cut, and proceeding so suc-
cessfully that there is no doubt it will be completed by
March next. The bridge over the Eden, another expen-
sive part of the work, is also nearly completed. The
Report also states that very favourable contracts had been
made (before the late advance in the price of iron) for
6,000 tons of malleable iron rails, with a suitable quantity
of chairs and keys, delivered in twelve equal parcels every
two months, commencing on the Ist of May, at Newcastle
Quay and Carlisle Canal Basin. The Directors conclude
their Report by expressing a confident hope that the por-
tions of the line between Hexham and Newcastle, and
between Blenkinsopp, or Milton and Carlisle, will be open
for general traffic before the end of next year ; and by an
assurance that the favourable opinion which they have
hitherto entertained as to the ultimate benefit of the under-
taking to the shareholders is in no degree diminished.—
Newcastle Journal.

The subscription for the Irish Clergy already
exceeds 40,0001.
The passage from St. James's-place leading
to the Green-park has been stopped, by order of the Com-
missioners of Woods and Forests, upon a petition of the
proprietors of some of the houses adjoining thereto.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at
the East-India House, when Captain RICHARD Armw, of
the ship Prince Regent, took leave of the Court previous
to departing for China direct.
Tuesday a traveller proceeding from Arbroath
in a gig to Dundee had reached the harbour, when the
horse became restive and suddenly made to the shipping.
The gentleman, seeing his danger, threw himself from the
gig, when the horse jumped right into the hold of a brig,
and hung suspended by the harness and shafts of the gig.
The harness was immediately cut and tackling fixed to the
animal, when he was again landed on terra firma without
the least injury being done to him.— Caledonian
Mercury.
" AIMS AND ENDS."—These volumes (ob-
serves the editor of the Times), are from a female pen, and
it is not, perhaps, too much to affirm that they display at
once the acuteness and vigour of a male understanding,
with the depth of feeling peculiar to a woman. They are
deserving of attention from the young, as containing a
useful and effecting lesson on the objects which they pro-
pose to themselves in that great scheme of Life's Lottery,
Marriage ; and cannot fail to interest all ages, from the
knowledge of society, power of observation, and quiet yet
sarcastic humour evinced in its pages.
The Eighth Report from the Select Com-
mittee on petitions has been printed. From it we learn
that the number of petitions for the vote by ballot this
Session has been 9, with 5,317 signatures ; for the repeal
of the Septennial Act 3, with 2,830 signatures. The
number of petitions for a better observance of the Sab-
bath amounts to 333, and they have 72,844 names at-
tached ; against the present system of lay patronage in
the Church of Scotland, the number of petitions has been
39, with 16,301 signatures attached ; against tithes in
England 13 petitions, 4,021 signatures ; against tithes in
Ireland 37 petitions, 13,042 signatures ; against the re-
maining disabilities under which the Dissenters labour 10
petitions, 1,920 signatures ; in favour of Jewish emanci-
pation 1.5 petitions, 3,564 signatures ; against the conti-
nuance of slavery 99 petitions, 59,419 signatures ; on the
same subject, conditionally, 63 petitions, with 13,321
signatures; against the Disturbances in Ireland Bill 523
petitions, with 344,312 signatures; for the repeal of the
Union, 14 petitions, 4,845 signatures; for altering the
Beer Act 34 petitions, 3,143 signatures ; in favour of
the Ten Hours Bill 41 petitions, 67,389 signatures ; for
a reform in Corporation: 44 petitions, 20,476 signatures.
The total number of petitions on public matters presented
to the House since its sitting amounts to 1,515. The
names of Members presenting the petitions are now printed
with them. .

MELANCHOLY CATASTROPHES—The in-
habitants of the town of Moretonhampstead, were thrown
into a state of the utmost confusion and alarm, on the
morning of Sunday week list, by the following melan-
choly, and, we may almost sly, diabolical circumstance.
It appears that a lad, about 17 ye trs of age, son of Mr.
HATWARD, a shopkeeper of Moretonhanipstead, has la-
boured for some time past under a disease of the eyes, to
relieve which an issue had been made in his neck. A

girl, about 15 years of age, had been accustomed to dress
t, and was doing so on the morning in question in the
kitchen of the house ; when she had finished the opera-
tion, she observed to the lad, HAYWARD, " What wry
faces you make up while I am dressing your issue," at the
same time imitating him. To this he replied in a surly
tone, "If you mock me again, I am cursed if I don't shoot
you ;" the girl repeated her mimicry, when he instantly
took a loaded pis of from his pocket and shot her. The
ball entered the poor girl's head at the corner of the eye,
and lodged in the back part of the skull ; she lay in great
agony for seine hours, when death put a period to her
sufferings. The scoundrel was permitted to he at large
on the Sunday and Monday, not having been taken up
until Tuesday, when a coroner's inquest was held on the
body of the unfortunate girl, by Mr. GRIBBLE, of Ash-
burton ; and the jury, after an investigation of four hours,
returned a verdict of Manslaughter ; he was accordingly
committed to the Devon county gaol on Wednesday,
whence he has since been liberated under a bail of 1,0001.,
in two sureties of 5001, each.— Western Luminary.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HO USE.

_ - - -
FORGERT.—A young man named Parker was brought
before the LORD MAYOR, charged with baying uttered a
forged note, purporting to be a Bank of England note
for 101.

Mr. Andrew Ewart, tea..dealer in Old-street, stated
that a person, whom he believed to be the prisoner, called
at his house and purchased six pounds of tea, the amount
charged for which was IL 12s. 4d., stating at the same
time that be was just going to open business at Edmonton.
The prisoner paid for the tea with a forged 181. note, and
received Si. 7s. fild. change. Some days afterwards wit-
ness was in Smithfield, and saw the prisoner, who, upon
observing him, took to his heels. Witness followed him,
crying " Stop thief," and the prisoner said to him in an
imploring way, upon being apprehended, " For God's
sake don't discover me, or I am undone."

A police officer stated, that the prisoner, as he ran along
with the cry after him, called out, " Let me go along ;
it is only for a bastard child."
Mr. Freshfield tendered the following additional evidence
in proof of the guilty knowledge.
Mr. Child, of Compton-street, Clerkenwell, refiner,
stated, that a person, whom he believed to be the
prisoner, but who was at the time very differently dressed,
called at his house and said he wanted one ounce of refined
gold and two ounces of refined silver, and he pulled out
several notes, and handed to witness one, which proved to
be a forgery upon the Bank of England.
The LORD MAYOR-Are you sure that the prisoner is
the man who passed the forgery ? Witness—l cannot
positively swear that he is.
_ _ .

Prisoner—Swear that ere gentleman. Me the man

It is quite a mistake.
Mr. John Comtnins, tl • owner of a public-house in the
neighbourhood of Bedford-row, stated that the prisoner
called at his house and asked him whether he had any
good wine. Witness answered in the affirmative, and
the prisoner said he wanted a few bottles, and that he
came from Little James-street, Bedford-row. What
number, said the witness? "Why, No. 25," replied the
prisoner. That can't be, observed the witness, for there's
no No. 25 in Little James-street. It must be No. 25,
Great James•street, Mr. James Holmes's, an old customer
of mine. " Aye, aye" said the prisoner, " that's the very
place, sure enough."—(Laughter.)
The prisoner here burst out into a laugh.
The LORD MAYOR—Why, prisoner, you seem to enjoy
this matter ?—Prisoner—Yes, my Lord. I never saw the
man afore.

Witness—l then handed him over nine sovereigns and
six shillings i❑ change for a 101. note, which proved to be
❑ot a good one.—(Laughter.)
The prisoner—l wasn't the man at all.
Witness—lf you wasn't, you must be his brother;
6:r I never saw any one so like him in my life.—(Great
laughter.)
The LORD MAYOR desired the prisoner to put on his
hat, and the prisoner jerked h7s hat upon his head, and
looked over towards the witnesses.
Mr. Commins—l really do believe that's the man,-but
I should not like to swear it.

Ile prisoner seemed to enjoy this as well as the witness,
who was very good humoured, although so seriously
plundered.
An Inspector of the Bank declared that the notes pro-
duced were all forgeries. . . . .

The prisoner was fully committed for trial.
G UILDJIALL.

A smart young mulatto footman, who gave his name
Philip Fortin, attended before Mr. Alderman WINCHES-
TER, to answer a charge of assaulting S irah Gaywood, a
sprightly young housemaid, who bad lived in the same
service with him until about two months ago.

The complainant said, with some show of maiden diffi-
dence, that while they were together in the service of an
ex-M.P. at 'Westminster, the defendant wished for her
company, but she would not give it up to him, and he
then so pestered her with his attentions that she was com-
pelled to leave her place. Still, however, he pursued and
annoyed her. At the next place she obtained, her mistress
was very particular in preventing her maids from having
any male followers; and the defendant having the bold-
ness to call upon her twice in one day, she necessarily lost
her situation. His affection had turned to hatred since
she had refused her company, and he now scandalized and
endeavoured to injure her whenever he met with her. On
Saturday he saw her in Fleet-street, and got down from
behind the carriage. She was alarmed, and to avoid his
vi'dence she ran into a tea•dealer's, but he succeeded in
catching hold of her gown and pulling her about. This
was the assault she complained of, and unless the Magi-
strate bound him to keep the peace she should not be able
to keep any situation.
Mr. Alderman WiszcittEsTxß said the defendant's con-
duct was rather strange.
" Yes," said she, " there is a little jealousy in it."

Mr. Alderman WINCHESTER—Of ? How is that?
—Sally was non-plussed.
Mr. Alderman WINCHESTER—Did you ever promise
him anything ? Complainant—No, Sir, he never de-
served anything.
The Alderman asked defendant how he came to behave

so rudely to the girl in Fleet-street.
The footman (who had a lock of the damsel's hair in
his waistcoat-pocket) protested that he had no ill-feeling
towards her. They shook hands, and kissed each other,
when she left his master's house.—(Laughter.) When
he ran after her in Fleet-street he only wanted a little civil
explanation why she bad said she lost her next place
through him. He would beg that she should be bound
down never to annoy him.
Alderman WINCHESTER (to complainant)—Well, you
will promise never to annoy him
He! (exclaimed the girl with an air of the utmost dis-
dain) No ! if ever I run after a man it will not be one
of his colour, indeed, Sir.
The defendant was very anxious to speak, but the Ma-
gistrate cut the matter short, by binding him in his own
recognizance of 201., to keep the peace towards her.

UNION-HALL.
The Magistrates were yesterday occupied for a conside-
rable time in investigating various charges of extortion
from licensed victuallers against several officers of the
establishment. Mr. Lounds, a licensed victualler, having
proved his case, the Magistrates stated that Gill, the
messenger, had been guilty of compromising an informa-
tion, according to the evidence. Gill made no defence.
Other cases were gone into ; but as the officers have not
entered into their defence, the Magistrates requested that
the evidence might not be published.
LAMBETH-STREET.

A JUVENILE HUSBAND AND HI4 FAITHLESS WIFE.

Yesterday, a diminutive, beardless youth, about nineteen,
waited on the Magistrates, and most earnestly entreated
them to interfere, and restore to him his dear wife.
Fifteen months since, lie married "a nice young woman,"
named Charlotte Dyer, and they lived very happily until a
month since, when she left his home, and he had dis-
covered, after much fatigue, that she was living in hand.
some apartments at Stepney, under the protection of a
gallant captain. He said, " Your Worship, lam very
wretched, and you know bow very shocking it is that she
should live so very winked, while I am so very unhappy."
Mr. lannwicK—Are her friends respectable?—Ap-
plicant—They are, Sir, though she was hut a servant when
I had her. But, oh ! she is such a nice girl. My poor
Charlotte; that she should leave me—and be living so—
Oh, what a shocking thing.
Mr. HARDVVICK--1 should have thought it fortunate to
get rid of such a wife.
Applicant—Oh ! your Worship has no feeling for the
affection I have for her. Perhaps your Worship will be se
good as to send an officer with me to get her back ?
Mr. HARDWICK--1 said before I have no power to in-
terfere in the business.
Applicant—Your Lordship, Prendergast, one of your
officers, some time since got back the wife of my brother-
in.law, who had run away from him.
Mr. HARDWICK—He might have prevailed on her to
return to her husband, but he had no power whatever to
compel her.
The applicant, whose manner and boyish a ppearance
excited much laughter among all present, then withdrew,
and on reaching the outer office, he offered one of the con-
stables a liberal sum if he would accompany him, and en-
deavour to restore to him his wife.

How TO DETECT ADULTERATED COFFEE.
—Put a spoonful of coffee in a glass of cold water; if
the coffee is genuine it will swim at the top, anti the
water remain clear; if adulterated, the chicoree or sue-
cory will immediately separate from the coffee, and thicken
the water.
SHOCKING ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday after-
noon, about five o'clock, JOSEPH BRUNTON, Esq., of
No. 12, Park-crescent, Regent's Park, was crossing the
road, within a few yards of his own house, when a spi-
rited horse, having gig harness on, came along at a rapid
rate, and before Mr. B. could move out of the way, he
was knocked down, receiving at the same time a dreadful
kick on the head and breast. The unfortunate gentleman
was taken up in a state of insensibility, and carried to the
nearest surgeon, but he died in a few minutes, and from
thence was taken on a shutter to his own house. He was
the brother of JOHN BituNTorr, Esq., of the firm of J.
and J. BRUNTON, chain cable patentees, carrying on an
extensive business in the Commercial-road.

MALT.

---.42.--- de 2jli
A RETURN of the Total Quarters of DIALT In' ;boili
Ttphouetstaeyl
in
Dutya
ec
hcshuaknr
iignegfdlt 1
nh
ee,
ar
cifqlri,
on
Kingdom,m;
the w
ro
10th October, 15.32 ; and also showing, in
Total Quarters, and Total Duty, for the United Pr*A"lTt•
and distinguishing the Quantity made in Scotland 0.t," pi
land from Bere or Bigg, with the Rate of Duty uP°' '11)1
the Acts under which the different Rates of D'
wit h the ratty
charged.l
ENGLAND.—For the year ended Oct. 10,
alnit 41,,teti.
quarters of malt, at 20s. Bd. per quarter ;
4,260,010/. 3s. Bd.
quartersg u Sa Ct 0
rTs Loo
ffA maltmNa SCOTLAND.—For
malt from
.ff—rr
oo
inFmo
barley,br e trhee. year •
ae
tba ri:ges
:n 8
dd:di6Os c. t.
per 10,0L3 c, 013' •
ioay:
1::
quarters of malt from barley, at 00s. Bd. per quarter ; • "
quarters of malt, 464,153 4-8; amount of duty, 457,11';‘,004'
quarters of malt from bore or bigg., at 16pse.r q
IRELAND.—For the year ended Oct. 10, 032, 'AO
gtl i t hOec t oTbcetral, 'l,-Q11:::
quarters of malt, 259,084 ; amount of duty, 2-58,9°51',TA. Oct' l',
THE UNITED KINGDOM—For the year en.'"94l, tot'
1830, 4 845 8.8
, . , - total quarters of malt , 4,976,69 V. 19''
.„
amount of duty. , tieD''
Note.—By Act 6 Geo. IV. C. 58, the duty granteutie
foirs.fox.m:bacadroulmetyymiosifslsO/iso..nl73edsr..s4c:lnf.lhyfiosirs:seicavhjeaerrsygtyel,doos.Tgraelaslounrs,y,bdeaitnedg 3100 t,
Lo-r,sd. &I. perbushel ; but in consequence of a warrant
lop,
etlo4'
The duty of Os. per bushel on bere or big
malt in Iv. c,,'
charged under the authority of recited Act of 6 Ge°'
and in Ireland under the 11 Geo. IV. C. 31. peilagritiearr:erl:A°l,

rAT,I7t;
An ACCOUNT of the Number of Quarters of 3A— ,
Distillation in each Kingdom, from 10th October'
e°.
10th October, 1/332.
Number:9 ge
_ _

England •
Scotland
Ireland
44015° CCA
United Kingdom Ist
G. H. COTTRELL,
Excise-office, London, March 15, 1833.

fr. 2,
LIVERPOOL MARKETS, API"-
co'
! flat'
CoTrox MARK ET. —Until our late heavy o[4 tot:
fairly on the market the trade will continue toeclP u" Oci";
from a fear of meeting the arrivals too fr 1,0
thousand bales are all that have been done to-daYlici
all American descriptions, at 7d. to 7-ad.
per lb. 1,8
ports.—N.B. Market-day at Manchester. weeks'
CORN MARKET.—In the early part of the
trjtiob
''
supplies of Grain were light ; subsequently sgrea re set,
of vessels have arrived. and the Irish imports stile
he
swelled to a large amount. Besides an itor°veseteoi;:
our own and neighbouring millers, since this day of lr"
several thousand quarters of the finer description' friasi!
Wheat have been taken en speculation ; and theredescription
though there was no material change in rice, ce
P Oen
a deci ledly better feeling and an increased coo 4trs".
the trade. Seven slail.i.igs and sixpence is still' -btsir
quotation for Irish red Wheat, but it has bee': ore
more freely. The general runs have also beenootir bt
spired for, at 6s. 1 Id. to 7s. 3d. per 70 lbs, "7
tse,
been less pressed for sale, and has evidently seen 1"
there is little Irish now under 38s. 395., sod ve.
ry Qoali
parcels have brought 40s. to 41s. ; some of eltr-
s held at 445. to 455. per 260 lbs.

THE MARKETS.

ET.—April 3. Ten. it
per
Walls End H0t55„„,..... j
Ditto KillingiOr JO;
Walls End New.,.ri,tid, 0,
Ditto NorthUML,i's 84 CO. a.B;
Walls End rerkl, :10
.dde Walls End lb
Walls End Wathan
Walls End Het° 01
Walls End Ly0n2,0"7-....., 01
Walls End Larn'ivs.., 10
Walls Und SteWaide 0;
Walls End Adela
on „„,.. i.,
Walls End Stoci‘t tiv"W.
South Puri>
E ,
Walls End lees ,
Culm ,James an
I~
brey
Warde's
Tantield Trader
ast market-daY,
;1.
—,go/
