Argon, and ether wilful burning...
Attempts to murder, cutting, }
maiming. &c.
Robbery.
Burglary .........

A PEEP AT AMERICAN SLAVERY.

1. A JAIL PREFERRED TO SLAVERY.—" The tender care
and protecti,in of the toaster elicit an affectionate attach-
ment from the slave, which I.:ill be looked for in vain from
the hired servant of a more northern ciiine."—Charleston
Courier.
100 DoLLARS REWARD. —Ranaway a negro man named
Johnson ; he has a good many marks of the whip on his
hack ; he was confined in gaol last summer; lay once in
gaol six months, within ten miles of his master, but would
not tell his name. CORNELIUS D. TOBIN.
—Mobile Morning Chronicle, June 8, 1838.
11. HARD To CATCll.—Thirty dollars reward will be
paid by the subscriber to whoever will put in gaol her
negro woman Milly. She is an old hand at running away,
and tolerably hard to catch, being once concealed nine
months in this borough, and at another time one year.
She is wife to one Daniel Murray, has numerous relations
about town, all from report " quick on the heel." The
law will be strictly enforced against any secreting, harbour-
ing, or carrying away said slave. A. FAUQUIER.
—Am. Beacon (Norfolk, Va. ),Sept. 16, 1836.
111. A CARPENTER BRANDED.—" Civilization and
Christianity have spread over it (Slavery), their humanizing
influences."—Charleston Courier.
Fifty dollars reward for the delivery of my fellow Ed-

ward, in Jacksonville, E. F. ; has a scar near the corner
of his mouth ;he has two cuts on his hand and arm—a car-
pecaer by trade—the letter E, and some other letters not
recollected on his arm—about 19 years of age.
THOMAS LEDWITH.
_

Jacksonville, E. F. May 25, 1838.
—Darien (Ga.) Telegraph, June 5, 1838.
IV. A "Doe COLLAR USED TO FORCE CONTENTMENT I!"
—" Slavery with us is a parental relation."—Charleston
Courier.

Runaway, a negro boy named London, about twelve
years old ; had round his neck when he left, a chain dog
collar, with "De Yempert" engraved on it. March 3.

T. J. De YEMPERT.
—Mobile Morning Chronicle, May 21, 1838.
V. Twenty Dollars Reward.—Runaway a Negro man
named Harrison. It is supposed he will make for South
Carolina in pursuit of his wife, in possession of Capt. D.
Bird. CORNELIUS BEAZLY.
_ _ _

—Florida Watchman, Tallahasse, May 12, 1838.
VI. PUBLIC MURDER.—" The only legitimate object of
Government is to secure to each individual the enjoyment of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. These cannot
be forfeited without crime."—Mississippian, June 8, 1838.
One hundred dollars is subscribed, and will be punctu-
ally paid by the citizens of Onslow, to any person who may
safely confine in any jail in this State, a certain Negro
man named Alfred. The same reward will be paid, if sa-
tisfactory evidence is given of his having been killed. He
has one or more scars caused by his having been shot.
THE CITIZENS OF ONSLOW.
Wilmington (X C.) Advertiser, June 1, 1838. Motto,
" Be just and fear not."
In the same paper is a proclamation offering a reward to
any one who will murder a husband for attempting to join
his stolen wife. Read it :—" Domestic slavery contributes
to form and preserve the chivalrous and high-minded cha.
racter of our people, and gives to the African race, do-
mesticated among us, Christianity, civilization, and peace."
—Charleston Courier.
Run away my negro man Richard. A reward of 25
dollars will be paid for his apprehension dead or alive.
Satisfactory proof will only be required of his being killed.
He has with him in all probability, his wife Eliza, who ran
away from Colonel Thompson, now a resident of Alabama,
about the time he commenced his journey to that state.

DURANT H. RHODES.
These facts, and scores like them, are coolly spread out
in southern newspapers—quite too common occurrences for
comment. '4 Shall I not visit for these things ? saith the
Lord. Shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as
this ?"

VII. THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT A PARTNER
IN ROBBERY AND SHARING THE PLUNDER.—Here we see
our Republican Government, by their agent, driving the
meanest kind of robbery, forcing poor men to work without
wages. " The privileges, civil and religious, of the hum-
blest individual, are sacredly protected."—President Van
Buren's Message, March 4, 1837.

" Slavery is not a national question at all."—R. J.
Breckenridge.

NEGROES WANTED.—The undersigned wishes to hire
Six Negro Men, to work on the IJ. S. Arsenal to be
erected at Little Rock, Liberal wages will be paid for
good working hands. I also wish to purchase a good ox,
well broke to the off.side, &c.

R. B. LEE, Bt. Maj. U. S. A.
Little Rock Arsenal, Feb. 5, 1839.

—Times and Advocate, Little Rock, Ark., April 9, 1838.
After his day's work, we will suppose one of these
"good working hands" meets our democratic President,
and bolds the following dialogue. Labourer—l under-
stand I have been working for the Government to-day,
shall Ibe paid? Pres.—No ; you are a slave : we pay
your master. W Labourer—You know my master does not
pay me. Is this the way you show your love for the work-
ing classes, by forcing me to work for nothing, and paying
money to the man that robs me of my earnings?
VIII. THE UNITED STATES NAVY A SLAVE-CATCHER.

Taken up and delivered into my custody, a negro man
named Isaac. Was taken up by the boats of the Boston
sloop of war at the mouth of the Manitee River, South
Florida—says he was sold by a Mr. Roberts of Norfolk,
Va., to a slave-dealer, and that in passing through Florida
he made his escape. The owner is requested, &c., or he
will be dealt with as the law directs.

HEN RY J. WIGAJINS.

-Pensacola Gazelle, May 19, 1838.
In the same paper Mr. Wiggins advertises Jacob in
precisely the same language. Here we see two men
casting themselves upon the ocean to escape from slavery
under the United States Government, and men paid by
us, seize them, and " deliver" them to be kept in gaol for
I the " owner,' or sold for gaol fees.
'IB

,ANK OF IRELAND CHARTER.-There is a
variety of rumours in circulation on the subject—one being
that the Charter will be renewed for four years ; others
that the period of the monopoly will be extended to fifteen.
Our own opinion is, that nothing definitive has yet been
decided. It is, indeed, perfectly clear to us that, what-
ever course may be adopted ultimately, the Bank of Ireland
will be shorn of her " fair proportions," as, no doubt, she
considers her exclusive action over Dublin and the fifty
mile circuit included in her present Charter. We
perceive that the people of Drogheda are in a ferment on
the subject, under the erroneous idea, as we believe it, that
the Charter is to be renewed for fifteen years. A public
meeting is called, with a view of petitioning Par-
liament on the subject, the Lieutenant of the county
of Louth, Sir Patrick Bellew, heading the requisi-
tion. A distinct resolution will be moved, requesting
the Duke of Wellington and Sir Robert Peel to oppose
the Charter. We have reason to believe that Wicklow,
Dundalk, Carlow, Navan, Tullamore, and the other towns
in the Bank of Ireland circle are about convening similar
meetings. Nor should we be at all surprised if a meeting
were held in Dublin for the same Purpose. But to return.
The Charter will not be extended to fifteen years, and we
have some doubts whether it will even extend to four. At
ill events, the circle will be limited—and we have some
reason to believe that the Joint Stock Banks will have the
power of establishing branches in towns twenty miles dis-
tant from Dublin : of course Drogheda will be taken in.
Why should there be a monopoly at all ? However, this
is a. ,question which we shall not discuss at present—Dub-
lin I,.,ening Post
THE COMING ASSIZES IN IRELAND.—We
hope the Lords' Committee will not be dissolved before
the results, at least, of the approaching Assizes are laid
before their Lordships, for their profound consideration.
It will do Lord Roden's heart good to learn that never, in
the memory of man, has there been so light a calendar.
In the Home Circuit there is not a county where the
going Judges will be detained three days—and this
circuit includes three of the largest counties in Leinster,
Kildare, rsL'ath, and King's. In the Leinster Circuit
there is absolutely nothing to be done—in Wicklow the
same—the Croson business in Wexford is next to nothing;
in the county of Waterford there is a remanat from the
last Assizes, a case of perjury. In Kilkenny, scarcely any
criminal business—but Tipperary will as usual be the
heaviest on the circuit. In Connaught we have heard of
nothing—and with regard to the two circuits of the North,
from the hitherto peaceable conduct of the Orangemen,
we are inclined to hope that little will be left for the
Judges to do. In the Munster Circuit, we learn that
there is 'nothing for the gentlemen of the long robe to do
in Clare, Limerick, or Kerry. There are a few trifling
cases in Cork. On the whole, if we be not much mis-
informed, one county in England will exhibit more crime
than the thirty-two Irish counties.—Dublin Post.
DUBLIN, JULY 2.—Yesterday was the anniver-
sary of the Battle of the Boyne, a day upon which it has
been customary for many years past to have Orange pro-
cessions in almost every town and village in the province
of Ulster. Letters from Newry, Belfast, Banbridge, and
other parts of the north, all concur in saying that there
were no processions in those towns, and that the day
passed over in tranquillity. From the more distant parts
of Ulster there is reason to hope that equally gratifying
accounts will be received.
,
THE GOLD DUST ROBBERY.—There is no
doubt that but for the employment of police-officers Lea
and Roe, in tracing the property, and apprehending the
parties concerned in the gold dust robbery, the guilty indi-
viduals would never have been brought to justice ; and the
Judge ordered a reward to be paid to them for their exer-
tions out of the county rate. The new police never inter-
fered in the matter, and so defective is the metropolitan
system, that neither the property or the thieves would have
been discovered if the old officers of police, who always
bring a good deal of experience, tact, and determination to
bear on such cases, had not been engaged. The great
jewel and plate robberies at the west end of the town during
the last few years have been passed by, and no traces of the
property, to the amount of at least d
50,0001., have ever been
discovered, nor the parties engage in those wholesale rob-
beries brought to justice. The case would have been very
different if the old Marlborough-street and Bow-street offi-
cers had been engaged.—Glebe.—[Let us add that within
three years three revolting murders have been committed
in the metropolis, to which no clue has been discovered,
giving us no very high idea of the efficiency of the police,
either as a protecting or a discovering body. The three
murders we remember—there may have been more—were
those of a young woman killed in the Albany-road, Re.
gent's Park, Eliza Grimwood, and now Mr. Westwood.]
FLOGGING OF A SOLDIER AT CHESTER.—
A recruit belonging to the 49th regiment, now stationed
in Chester, was flogged on Thursday last for disposing of
his " kit." We understand that the poor fellow was sen-
tenced to receive 100 lashes, but nature having given way
under the weight of pain and agony, between 60 and 70
only were inflicted. We have been told that the screams
of the victim were heard distinctly at Saltney, a distance
of a mile from the place of punishment, while in the neigh-
bourhood of the castle the cries were appalling. The
blood we are informed, ran down the soldier's back in
streams, while, in one or two instances, the flesh actually
flew off hisback ; and as the drummer stood with his reek-
ing lash, which he occasionally cleared with his fingers,
his comrades were compelled to look on and weep.—Ches-
ter Gazette.
