RECRUITS FOR DON PEDRO.

On Saturday evening, Mr. Whately, a solicitor, applied
to Mr. Broderip, the sitting Magistrate, at the Tham'
Police-office, for warrants to apprehend a person named
Higgins, an agent of Don Pedro, and Colonel Burrell and
Captain Bell, English Officers in his service, now in Lon'
don, for infringing the Foreign Enlistment Act, is
raising recruits for the service of Don Pedro, in Portugal.
Mr. Whately commenced his application by referring to
the second section of the Act, cap. 69, passed in the latter
end of George 111., entitled an Act to prevent the enlist,
ment of British subjects for the service of Foreign Powerel
which, he said, rendered any parties hiring: or ender
vouring to hire British subjects for the service of any fo-
reign Potentate or Power, liable to be tried for a misde-
meanour, and punished by fine or imprisonment. The
fourth section gave the Magistrates power to grant war-
rants for the apprehension of parties offending. The en-
listment of men for the service of Don Pedro was being
carried on to a great extent, and a ves.el was to :have
sailed with several hundred Englishmen (enlisted in they
metropolis) on Friday evening, but the departure of the
ship was postponed.
Mr. Broderip, the Magistrate, asked who it was that di
rected the present application ?
Mr. Whateley replied, the Portuguese Consul, who was
accredited by Don Miguel.

James Lindsey, who said he was a carpenter and joiner,
was then sworn to an information laid in due form against
the parties. He said he first went to Higgens, a person
residing in Southwark, who told him men were wanting
for the service of Don Pedro ; and by him he was referred
to the Northumberland Arms '.public-house, in Spits!'
fields. He went there accompanied by Higgins, and was
introduced to Colonel Burrell, who asked him if he were
willing to serve Don Pedro? He replied in the affirms'
tive; and Colonel Burrell then inquired if he knew ear
thing of military exercise, and he said he did. Higgisi
was standing by; and after some questions were put to
witness respecting the state of his health, he was regularly
engaged to serve Don Pedro, and he had been receiving
pay from the parties, at the rate of Is. 6d. a day for the
last ten days. He resided in William-street, Blackfriars'
road.

James Campbell was then sworn to another information
against Capt. Bell.
Mr. Broderip, after reading over the sections of the Act
menticned by the solicitor, granted the warrants applied
for, and they were put into the hands of an officer to
execute.

MEETING OF CREDITORS, AT THE
COURT, BASINGHALL-STREET.

(From the London Gazette.)
TO-MORROW, SErr. 4. 0. l'f'
T. Spring Macclesfield A rms;City.road, victualler 2 la
J. Fosteralammersmith, frame-work-knitter 2 1
G. Ellis, Market-street, Edgware road, carriage-builder 2 1'
G. Wells, Quadrant, Regent-street, man-milliner 2 10
C. D. Hayes, Meriton's-wharf, Bermondsey, master-
mariner
R. Chalener, King's row, Pentonville, bricklayer, and
King's-cross, Battle-bridge, potatoe-dealer 2 11
W. Bean, Willesden, and Edgware-road, horse-dealer 2 11}
J. Doyle, High Holborn, metal sash manufacturer 1 li
J. Hall, Molesworth-place, Kentish Town, dealer in
pictures
WEDNESDAY, SErr. 5.
C.L Birch, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, coach
maker 1 11
E. Hosmer, Tunbridge Wells, leather seller 1 11

KING OF HUNGARY.—The criminal Who
made the wicked attempt is still the subject of general coo'
versation and abhorrence. Captain REENDL was bore at
Prague in 1787. In 1805 he voluntarily enlisted as
private in the first Regiment of Artillery. In 1809 be
entered the Archduke CHARLES'S Regiment of Infantry 05
Ensign; distinguished himself in tie field, &c. up t°
1828, when he was pensioned as Captain with 600
florins; served in nine different regiments. In 1820 11
married a rich lady of a noble family, but soon dissipate'
the property; she died, after much ill treatment, in 1829'
—Frankfort Paper.

The redness of the face of Mr. JUStiee
ASHURST led to many jokes at his expense. Although
the senior Judge, he was too indolent to take an actiti
share of the business, and suffered Mr. Justice-Burzxo t°
take the lead in every question that came before the Coat'
This assumption was noticed by the bar, and one of tbeo
having remirked to Mr. COWPER, the King's C,ouns.i'
how Mr. Justice BULLER trespassed on Mr. JUSti,"(
ASHURST, " Poll," says COWPER, "that's nothing, done
you see," pointing to Judge ASHURST'S face, " hOW
himself gives colour to the trespass."—Fraser's Mag.

Lieutenant-Colonel AUBERY, one of the
most bold and adventurous sporting men during the 11",
half century that this country has known, died at Cho,'„
tenham a few days ago. Picquet and Hazard, particular''
the former, were the games in which AU/MAY was said t,
excel, and on which he was known to adventure great°,
sums than any man living. The Duke of YORK, GEOl'
IV., Colonel FITZPATRICK, Alderman HARVEY" Costae'
and many other distinguished personages who still survieft
were his antagonists and associates at play.
An incident which occurred at Worcestef
races excited no little mirth :—Two heroes who had VI
paying their devoirs to Sir John Barleycorn quarrellee
over their cups, and turned out to settle the affair "Ii
men of honour." But one of the belligerents appear' t
have forgotten that he was not in the condition to peel!
for when he commenced that operation, it appeared 11"
was shirtless, and that he had donned a shift to suPP'll,
the deficiency of the more manly integument. Tht
of linen, exposing the arms and breast, was rendered 03
more ludicrously ridiculous by a false collar of pink ese:jt;
brie, which appeared to blush for the shift to which I.
wearer had resorted. Roars of laughter succeeded tli°,
discovery, and the spectators generally inferred that, lilt
SYNTAX, the hero's only shirt was in the tub.-- 1/I°',
'
rester Journal.
We are sorry to say, and we do so withoti
feeling called upon to enter into any particulars on tbee
subject, that the cholera is slowly but surely on the increal
in this metropolis.—Lancet.
Of
SOUTIIEND.—SeveraI very severe gales 00
wind have been lately experienced at Southend. .1)%
Monday two small vessels, one the revenue cruizer 1)1.0
there, were driven from their moorings and filled Wjtti
water. The lodging.houses are upon the whole Preal
well filled, and the inns are now conducted in so hbe-of
and attentive a manner, as to encourage the increase ve
visitors. The public breakfast on Wednesday would brio
been well attended, had it not been for the very unpleasao
state of the weather, which materially interfered of
those arrangements which had been made for the P`e
sure and comfort of the guests.—Essex Independent. ,
We are surprised to learn, that as far south
in parts of Oxfordshire, great part of the wheat harvest
still out. The farmers in such places do not, we imagitto
know the value of the adage, of making hay while the 9°
shines.
AN EDITOR AT HIS EASE.--The- A/rk
a.og
Courier (Upper Canada) of June 20 contains the follow:or
notice:—" In consequence of the absence of the edtvii
from home, the editorial remarks, &c., are unavoids

omitted." 00
SLAVES.—The following maybe looked or
as a tolerably correct estimate of the number of balsri,..
beings held in slavery by Powers calling themselves
British Colonies
French Colonies 200,000
Cuba and Porto Rico 500,000
Other Foreign Colonies 75,000
United States
*Total
Tic(
e
tvirwheCnentily;:florPoc3uiCcEuUrmACbe:ris:weighing more than SOntrvie
soldTinHEExeLterOANlGarkeNt oAnlFLrsidayofro°r2s.—Devolt•
BthEeßllBlu.sTrious restorer of °`l; the
etion r
every
owh e Egypt,where
they fir
marched
sent
the his y
were army,
lookedmodelled
urstoth:,:j"
e'
_reAt
Brazil ..
pEiutyro,pbeaonthfabshviotlni ntaotiavtetsackantdhebWy
tahheaboeuetspoinsttshoe
" TH. 2'Eh:PI7Ad re; 111:7f;s"e
my. Instead of being mounted on richly esPri 031
horses, loaded with all the finery of the Osmanlee°'
armed with a scymitar, the men marched on foot q'thel,
in files, dressed in coarse red jackets, and all the eV° tbs.
appeared to possess was a musket with a long nail • 0 s
end of it. On coming up and forming a positiot°ol
plain in front of the Wahabees, the latter considerc" lot
these poor wretches had delivered themselves 1
the
slaughter; rushing down the hills, therefore, wi'lltery
usual impetuosity of Turkish cavalry, and with the 'aftillY
tion of surrounding the Egyptians, they were dread Br!
staggered in their career by receiving a well-directs r 0
from the lines. Surprised and daunted by the sh° feasd'
balls which fell among them, and emptied scores
dies at every volley, they were obliged to retreat to gWbt
time, pursued by the grenadiers and light comPOiel'ettiol
hunted them through their fastnesses, at every step -tot'
them feel the use el the long nails on the musket thl
they retired into an inner part of the country. Wirlscho
news of this first engagement of his new troops. joY,
MA HOMET ALI, he bounded from his divan ood
and ever since, the dread of the close rank and file!ove
above all, the bayonet, has favoured every military
ment of the Pacha, Chambers' Ed. Journ.
