THE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, APRIL 1(3, 1436

proofs of her her dAnef the dthcistt
of her assAilaiits---iiot tale Canseque.nce of her tardinas
in the of Reform.

Those best acquainted seltintentS not
call in question the sinc'e'ritt, attachment to the
C"nureh. So long as the nation prefer a
State-religion, we know of none under whose sway
Dissenters of every. denomination could live so peace-
fully, and in such Christian union, as the Church of
En<,!,:.nttlt
We ad hapy to find that we bola these opinieins
in common with men whose literfkry tabolirs; and eii-
cellent private lives-, to be ranked with
the chief 'Okitattents of this age and country. Among
these we may be allowed to mention Mr. WALTER
SAVAGE LANDOR, who has tAlt-d:,isetl, form of a
pamphlet, lf.!t‘etal letters to Lord MELBOURNE on
the subject of reforming the Church. This pamphlet
is entitled " Letters of a Conservative," and such they
certainly are, in the true sense of that much-abused
phrase. Mr. LANDOR is indeed a Conservative of
the true stamp—a Conservative of the purity, not the
pelf• of time Church. Born, as he says himself, in the
year 1775 ; educated at Oxford, under the care of
three excellent scholars, and truly pious clergymen of
the Church of England ; the patron of three livings ;
and the inheritor of entailed property ;—it would in-
deed be contrary to the natural order of things to sup-
pose Mr.. LANDOR indifferent to the welfare of the
Church. Add to these considerations, an untainted
private life ; studious and secluded habits ; the
absence of a political bias ; and that regard for
the good opinion of his fellow-countrymen which
is common to all truly great and good men—and
there remains nothing to establish his claims to the
right of being listened to with reverence by every man
who takes an interest in the happiness of the people
of this country. Hear, then, what this least suspi-
cious of witnesses says of the Established Church :

" We hear of systems working well; but we
can only judge of English Episcopacy working
well by what we have seen her wear out. She
has worn out her Church upon both feet—
upon Ireland and Wales. If we wish to prevent
her from doing herself any further mischief—than
habitual sloth, plethory, and passion, have been
accumulating within her ; if we wish to withhold
her from the scorn, contumely, and blows of the people,
we must confine her strictly at home, feed her more
sparingly, mix a little water in her goblet, arid
keep a vigilant eye over her, that she be
liable—in her enfeebled and unwieldy condition—to
no worse and more phagendemick distemper, from
the ardour of her profligate lovers." The last sen-
tence occurs at the bottom of the seventh page. That
it may be fully understood, we shall quote one from
the fifty-first page, which is altogether an excellent
commentary upon it. " The present Fathers in God
are somewhat like the Elders who solicited Susanna :
the more they admire her purity, the more urgent arc
they for her favours."
Mr. LANDOR states that lie was preparing these
Letters, when he saw the Second Report of the Ec-
clesiastical Commissioners for the Reform of the
Church. This Report gave some offence to several
of the Tory organs. It was too liberal for them ;
and, moreover, recognized the principle that Church
property might be dealt with by Parliament—a most
impious, sacrilegious recognition. The true Conserva-
tive came to a conclusion equally condemnatory of the
report, but for a very different reason. He says that
" nothing more illusory, or more impudent than this
second report, ever was laid before Parliament." The
opinions of such a man respecting such a measure, are
worthy of earnest attention :
" Is it possible that the Archbishop of Canterbury and the
Bishop of London can recommend so trifling a defalcation of
their revenues, as two thousand pounds from seventeen thou-
sand in the one case, and from twelve thousand two hundred
in the other—even supposing that, by contingencies, their
benefices never rise higher? Is the Archbishop unaware that
Drake, Blake, Marlborough, Wolfe, Nelson, Wellington, all
united, did not share among them in the course of their vic-
tories, victories that saved their country and many others from
slavery and ruin, two-thirds of this stipend ? Is the Archbi-
shop ignorant that the Pope himself, whose power rests upon
splendour, cannot command for private purposes 15,000/. a year?
Will the people of England see with calmness, with forbear-
ance, with endurance, this sacrilegious rapacity ? Is there no
danger that they may break the claw they cannot pare, and
suffocate the maw they cannot satisfy ? And we are told, for-
sooth, that the dignitaries of the Church are ready to make
sacrifices This is the language ; yes, to Inge sacrifices
Gold then is the sacred thing ! Arid what are they ready to
give up ? That only which they never can spend decorously,
and which was entrusted to them as administrators, not as
owners. Even of this, how small is the portion they are
willing to surrender ! There are portions of the British
empire, where three hundred clergymen, professing, and in
defatigably teaching, the same faith as the Archbishop of
Canterbury and Bishop of London, do not share among them,
with equal abilities, equal virtues, so large a sum of money as
these two prelates."
This extract calls for no commentary upon it.
There is nothing abstruse, nothing recondite in its
reasoning. It is addressed to the understanding of
every man who has sense enough to know that he
wears a pocket, and is liable to pay taxes.
We can barely afford room for another extract. It
is very different from the last ; but so excellent in its
way that we could not think of excluding it. A better
whet for the appetite of a tithe-hunting parson was
never provided :
"An extraordinary case was brought to-day before the
Mayor of Bristol. A gentleman in black had taken a place
in a coach for Bath, had paid his fare, and was putting his foot
on the step. Suddenly the coachman of another vehicle came
up to him, and, taking off his hat, said civilly,
" For Gloster, Sir, twenty shillings."'
" lam going to Bath,' replied th gentleman in black.
" No matter, Sir, twenty shillings, if you please.'
" But lam going to Bath, and the fare is much less.'
" Yon chap's fare, Sir, may be less than mine—he has
not such nags as I have, and a short and easy road he makes of
it. But lam a man of few words, Sir—two are enough be-
tween you and me—twenty shillings arc good English.'
" On some further remonstrance and hesitation, the coach-
man, strong as he is civil, took by the arm the gentleman in
black, and said most obligingly, You may go to Baths and
welcome, Sir ; only I don't drive on that road, and I want
nothing from you but the established fare.'
" I know not which of the two made the first proposal to
go before the chief magistrate of the city ; but they went be-
fore him, and there also the loudest complaint was made by
the gentleman in black ; the other saying only, sometimes in
soliloquy and sometimes to the mayor, He sha'n't nick me,
for all that.'
" Having heard both parties with equal impartiality and
attention, his worship said to the gentleman in black,
" My dear Sir, all these people have their lawyers who
are ready to show cause against us ; you may spend a few
hundreds, or so, but I sadly fear the sovereign must be forth-
coming. Mine, lam sorry to say, is not the surest court to
render you any assistance.'
The gentleman in black threw down his money with much
indignation, crying, Bad luck to you.'
' No, no, master ! it has had enough of that already,' said
the coachman, making it fly off his thumb-nail, catching it,
pocketing it, and wishing the gentleman in black a pleasant
journey, and plenty of sport in Bath.
" The mayor begged the favour of the applicant's name,
who immediately drew from his pocket an elegant little case of
damson-coloured leather, with lyres and cherubs round the
border, and opening it, produced so glossy a card that it would
almost have deprived of eye-sight a whole family of Persian
princes. On this card, in spite of its effulgence, were le-
gible, in such letters as would have rendered an old missal
of inestimable price, the words—
" THE REVEREND BARNARD BRAY,
" REGENT'S PARK.
" It appeared that the reverend gentleman, although a
native of Ireland, which country had likewise the honour of
his education, had been visiting for the first time this benefice
of Balamacralogoeli.
" Sir, said he to the mayor, I have been over to see what
I can do with 'em. These arc ticklish times, and they wince
think case
is of
cLeacpesessittlCommon attorney any tithe-barn.
confoundedly. Beside, I wanted to see whether I had any
houseßy-ti
By-the-by
bnyr,nly% lhich iving, or,
you o ro, in
or tithe-proctor? I am afraid they are getting as bad in your
country as in ours. For instance, that scoundrel l'
Why, indeed, Mr. Bray I' said the mayor, be appears
-
to have been a student in your Ecclesiastical Courts. He
will have his money, whether lie drives your way or not. The
poor Catholic must pay for going to see God at Gloster after
lie has paid for seeing him nearer borne ,
My service to you, Sir !' And then at the street-door,
A b y hound of a Radical as ever swung upon Vinegar..

bill 1' " -
This is a capital illustration of the excellent working

•, - •
Or the tithe systern, iti Erigiatid; Wales, and Ireland.
The cOnintand of the REriEE.NiEn---",Do unto others
vs dritd von,"woUldbe well
mnenibra; titid elifetee(l. by Churchmen,
were the system of the Gloucester coachman, now con-
fined to themselves, rendered universal. The evil is
borne because it is partial, glossed over by casuists,
and, as far as possible, misrepresented : only submit it
faitl7y td dui ot-ki Befie df tilt; people; dtid there is not
ri ntait iii England mho NrOtild tdleidie it for a
Veei.t. the people that whether they have an ap-
petite of riot; kiiecfottb be Compelled to
pay a parish butcher, baler, pastt'yedeiii,
pijbliCan, and
grocer ; that whether they are healthy or sickly, they
must support a physician and an apothecary ; that
whether they arc iitigion4
Octteeftilly disposed,
:hey shall be constrained to fee annually a
:ain - number of gentlemen of high legal standing at
the Bar ; that whether they travel or remain rt home,
they shall be liable to as much toll-fare as those who
pass the gates every day in their lives—tell the people
this, and tell them, too, that it is only an extension of
the tithe-principle, and there is not an individual among
them who will not readily comprehend its injustice.
The most absurd arguments are employed in sup-
port of the present tithe system. Several writers have
the audacity to contend that the Dissenters themselves
are favourable to tithes in their present shape, and for
their present legal purposes ; others modestly intimate
that without tithes there would be no toleration, con-
sequently the Dissenters owe their very existence to
them. To institute 'comparisons between the common-
sense method of supplying our temporal wants and the
most convenient way of procuring spiritual consolation
is denounced as most impious ; because, say the To-
.

ries, men never send for a lawyer or a physician ex

cept in cases of extreme danger—a principle whicl
cannot safely be admitted by any true Christian as re

Bards the Ministers of the Gospel. Now this is all
very hollow. Men send for a doctor when they want
him—the most orthodox believers do no more with re-
spect to the clergy. Besides, what right has a parti-
cular priest to remuneration if he never render,
nor be required to render, any service ? We
fear that the defenders of the ecclesiastical
system make a sad mistake, when they dwell
so emphatically upon the extreme toleration of the Es-
tablished Church. It is true the Church is tolerant ;
but we presume to think, rather from indifference to all
religion, than from any extraordinary regard for the
scruples of tender consciences. But from whatever
cause this proceeds, where is the great merit of it in
this particular instance ? The Dissenters are tolerant
without tithes. The Society of Friends persecute no
person for religious opinions, and yet they receive no-
thing from the State. What then is there, except
tithes, to prevent the Church from being as tolerant as
she is said to be, without claiming any particular
merit ? But it may be answered she has the power to
persecute—yet she fails not to set an example of
toleration to other churches. Granted : but why
expose her to unnecessary temptation merely to praise
her for her resistance ? She is tolerant despite of her
tithes and her state-trappings. We would reward her
virtue, by placing her out of the reach of further
temptation.

We have received a file of New York Papers to the
25th ult. The substance of them will be found in
the article of our City Correspondent.

The accounts from the North of Spain are very
favourable. The latest advices from Santander and
Vittoria are to the 3d inst. The British Legion was
then in excellent condition.

The French Papers of Thursday have been re-
ceived ; but they bring no intelligence of importance.
In the Chamber of Deputies no subject has been
mooted for-several days, save such as had reference to
the tariff customs, vicinal roads, beet-root sugar duties,
and other matters connected with the internal admi-
nistration of the country :
PARIS, APRIL 14.—M. de Brignolles has just been ap-
pointed Ambassador from Sardinia to Paris. This is a choice
which cannot fail to give pleasure. M. de Brignolles was
Counsellor of State under the Empire. In 1821 he was Am-
bassador from Sardinia at Madrid, but he fell into disgrace
with Charles Felix. His rccal to public affairs is a good omen
for the refugees.
The Society for the Abolition of Slavery has just presented
to the Chamber of Peers a petition which seems likely to
produce an interesting debate. At its last meeting in which M.
Odillon Barrot presided, and where Messrs. de Lamartine de
Tracy, de Larochefoucault, Robert Isambert, and other hono-
rable deputies were present, the Society received a petition
addressed to the Chamber for the general emancipation of
Negroes, by the men of colour of Martinique, who are elec-
tors eligible, and persons of consideration in that island : this
step is the more important, because this class of the Colonial
population has hitherto been considered as the auxiliary of the
Whites maintaining the system of slavery.
The Algerine Moniteur of the 31st March, received to-day,
contains the sitting of the Council of the 25th March, in which
M. Realier Dumas presided, when the Moorish Councillors
took the oaths of allegiance to the King of the French, laying
their hands on the Elboukhari, and the Israelites on the
Pentateuch. The President closed the sitting with an address
to the new Councillors.
The same Journal says the Marshal left Algiers on the 28th
March, to place himself at the head of the troops that are
going to make an excursion in the province of Titeri. —Mes-
sager, April 14.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, Aram 14.
Five per Cents., 107 f. 95c 83c. 90c.
Four per Cents., 100 f. 75c.
Three per Cents., SIC 95c. 52f. 81f. Ste.
Bank Actions, 2,2a0r.'945f.
Rcnte de Naples, 102 f. 102 f. 10c.
Roman Five per Cents., 105 104% 105.
Spanish Actives, 4ts 47 46;70i.
Spanish Passives. 14,4%74„.
Belgian Loan, Five per Cents, 102 g.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents , 8414
Portuguese Three per Cents. 5:13/, 514 I'.
Dutch Two aim a half per Cents , 57f. 20c.
Hay tiara Loan, 395 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, —c. —c.; money, 25f. 4714 c.
Three months, paper, —f, —c. ; money, 55f. 32,,,ic
—fours Aullirritiliic.

LAST PRICES.—Five per Cents., 108 f. 10c. ; Three
per Cents., 821. 10c. ; Five per Cents. Spanish, —; Three
per Cents. Spanish, —; Cortes, —; Coupons, —; Cuch-
hards, —; Differes, 16+; New Loan, ; Actives, 46/8 ;
Passives, 14a; Ducats, 102 15 ; Romans. 104 ; Pedros, 841 ;
Belgians, 1021 ; Dutch, —f. —c. ; Haytians, 395 f. —c. ;
Miguels, —; Brabant Bank, —; Belgian Bank, 16 ; Con-
tinuation, —c. ; New Differes, —; Five per Cent. Perpe-
tuelles, —; Royal Loan,

EASTERN COUNTIES' RAILWAY

BILL.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING POST.
Sir—l request that you will rectify the error in your paper
of this morning, which substitutes my name for that of Col.
Rushbrooke, as the person who proposed the rejection of the
Eastern Counties' Railway Bill. I not merely voted but pre-
sented several petitions in favour of a Bill most important to
the interests of my constituents, and even more so to the
country at large, in the greatly increased facility of communi-
cation it will present, through our eastern ports, with the
north of Europe.
I have the honour to be, your obedient servant,

FRINCIS ROBERT BONHAM.
25, Dover-street, April 15.
[We regret that in our observations of yesterday on
the above Bill, we were led into error by the debate in
the Morning Post, which we had casually taken up
at the time by mistake. It will be seen, by reference
to the Report in The Sun, that the name of the Hon.
Member who moved the amendment was unknown.
We feel bound, in justice to Mr. BONHAM, to make
this correction, which we do promptly and without
solicitation.—ED. SUN.]

The Lady of General de Lacy Evans has returned
to Paris, and is at the Bedford Hotel, Rue St. Honore.
The Post is unjust towards the Duke of Welling-
ton and Sir Robert Peel. It is too much, because they have
not countenanced as yet the five shilling associations, slily to
insinuate that they are not stanch friends to the Crown.
The expenses of defending Salmon, the Morison's
pill-sellor, convicted of manslaughter at the Old Bailey,
amounted, it is said, to nearly 4,0001., in consequence of the
great distance from which so many of the witnesses for the
defence had to be brought.
On Monday morning last, a female child in Orr-
strept, Paisley, of about three years of age, was standing near
the fire, when the flames caught its clothing, and before assist-
ance could be given, it was so much scorched, that life was
despaired of. After fifteen hours excruciating pain,
its suffer-
ings were terminated by deatb.—Seots Times.
