THE VOICE OF THE PEOPLE.

ANTI-COERCIVE MEETING OF THE COUNTY OF L'ACADIE.

The mighty voice of popular indignation against the
Russell atrocity, comes booming on our ears from all parts
of this and the adjoining districts. Yesterday the sturdy,
determined, and independent freeholders of the county of
L Acadie assembled, to the number of about 4,000, in the
Public square of the village of Napierville, to take into
consideration the iniquitous measures of coercion hurled at
this colony by " the bloody and brutal" Whig Ministry and
.their creatures in the British Parliament.
Mr. Papineau (the O'Connell of Lower Canada)
attended the Meeting. He was met by 500 horse-
Then) and 200 or 300 carriages, and an immense con-
course of people bearing flags, &c.
The following were among the mottoes on the flags which
we noticed in the above procession .—" Down with the
Connell ;" " No Coercion !' " Lord John Russell ? he has
Idisgraced his family's name ;" A death's head and cross
"Iles on a black flag, with the words " Craig ! Dalhousie !!
Aylmer !!! Gosford! !! !" " Exports! may Gosford be
rthe first ;" " Our children, and our other domestic mann-
ctures ;" " Our schools—shame on the Council which
ali'Ut them up ;" "Be sure you're right, then go a-head ;"
Liberty, the bread of life !" " Forward 1" " People of
lada—help yourselves and God will help you ;" Papi-
teau; our Country's hope ;" " Waller, Tracey, and Dover-
nay ; The Press will triumph over chains ;" " Bidwell,
at
'Kenzie, and the Reformers of U. Canada ;" " Howe,
"d the Reformers of Nova Scotia ;" " The elective
1 prieci-
tie; the one thin.- needful ;" Rainzenne, and the Patriotic
:11wit.i,a; °niters ;" .7Tnien is strength ;" " Proclamation is not

And the following were amongst other Resolutions
%greed to unanimously :
Resolved, s—That this Colony has been constantly op-
pressed since it has fallen under the British dominions, and
thi.t it has been only seldom that the justice of its com-
-1:"Ints has been acknowledged in England, where they still
Iler'ist in refusing that justice which we have so ardently
Itsolieited : that the late debates in the House of Commons
o% caused us to perceive that we have no more justice to
thou] from the other side of the A tlantic, and that we
tllnd put no further confidence except in ourselves, and in
whom nature bras designated as our allies.
4do-u.esolved, 6---ri'hat the Parliament of ('rent Britain, in
r Ptul tli resolutions proposed by Lord John Russell in
tve4gra.rd 4.0 this Province, committed an act of injustice to-
that 'ts the inhabitants of this country : that we consider
tight a
Parliament where we arcein way represented, has no
of to
t' seize upon our money, without a manifest violation
dotY ur Political rights as British subjects, and that it is the
libs° every man in this country, who would preserve his
/UN ' to oppose by all possible and legal means this tyran-
tir,„_ uturpation of our just privileges, and that we will
7 submit to this act of spoliation.
tire tested, 7--. That it is the duty of all citisens who de-
41Cit Up free, and who are opposed to slavery, to oppose,
Celont,4l°,4ns in their power the carrying into effect in this,
°` the measures of Lord John Russell that in
Of v.1:14elloo we strongly recommend to all the inhabitants
Ca
rtt country to use no merchandise that pays duty or
Illuncibutes to swell the Revenue of this Province, which
out :„",ing and degenerate authorities wish to pillage with-
Any consent, and that we solemnly engage not to
irk!
ticiesmse. except in extreme necessity of the following ar
1,1114; t° wit--. Brandy, Gin, Rum, Coffee, Muscovado
de- 4nd Yg duty.pa in Tea, or other products of similar
the • ; nesoh,
coed 10—That this meetinc, firmly believes that
ues,lB-"ct of the Parliament of Great Britain, in regard
4ther exceedingly tyrannical, and that it can have no
in thi_result than to irritate the wounds which already exist
tlimin,unfortunate country, without being able to heal or
tit}, tr them. That we sincerely believe, that if the Bri-
oxecutinist!Y does not retract its errors, or if it puts into
on its project of s oli the inha of this
Luce
co ,
"4t th,ir Mod themselve
sati SOon,
ill-treatedbitant and s insulted,
nfidence in the protection of Great Britain will

for ever be lost—a thing not now desired, but which the
arliitrary conduct and folly of his Majesty's Ministers are
rapidly brir!i!ir4, Aiut.
Resolved, I I—That this meeting considers it its duty to
dismiss the Administration of Lord Gosford in very few
words, and to declare his Administration worse than those
of Craig, Dalhousie and Aylmer. If the last were more
tyrannical, artifice and something still worse were not at
least so evident in them.

We consider these resolutions, as a sample of those
generally adopted in Lower Canada, and as speaking
the publ►c opinion on the state of affairs, as deserving
the attention of Lord Melbourne and Lord John
Russell ; for we cannot expect that any warning will
have an effect on Lord Glenclg, who has been the
supporter of that system of misrule which has brought
matters to their present Iraring in almost every colony
of the Crown. We shall resume the subject, as one of
vital import to the welfare of the empire.

NORTHERN AND CENTRAL BANK

OF ENGLAND.

ALF-YEARLY MEETING OF THE SHAREHOLDERS-MAN

CHESTER, THURSDAY.

The general half yearly meeting of the shareholders of
the Northern and Central Bank was held this day at La-
dyman's Hotel, Bridge-street. The meeting was convened
by circular, and each shareholder was required to show his
circular upon entering the room. There were about 250
of the shareholders present. Upon the motion of Mr.
Henry Moult, Benjamin Braidley, Esq., was called to the
chair.

The CHAIRMAN then opened the business of the meet-
ing by reading the circular convening the meeting. The
meeting was called for the purpose of hearing the state-
ment of the accounts up to the 30th June last. He then
read the following report of the Board of Directors :
" Half-yearly Report of the Directors of the Northern
and Central Bank of England, ending 30th June, 1837.
" In accordance with the supplementary deed of settle-
ment, the Directors of the Northern and Central Bank of
England have now to lay before the shareholders an account
of the debts and assets of the bank ; and they have to corn:
municate, which they do with much regret, that the losses
of the bank have considerably exceeded the estimate which
they were led to take of them at the last meeting. This re-
sult, so unlooked for by them, has not arisen from any in-
tention to mislead the shareholders at the meeting when the
last statement was made. The Directors then too what, to
the best of their knowledge, so far as they could judge by
events, appeared to be a fair view of the outstanding debts
and assets of the concern at the time ; calculating, as they
were bound to do, the probabilities of realization on as mo-
derate a scale as circumstances, at that period, not only
justified, but compelled them to do. If, in the six months
which have since elapsed, they have been disappointed (as
they most assuredly have) in the results, their best excuse
is the fact of the unprecedented struggle which they have
had to maintain against the commercial difficulties of the
times, a fact so notorious to all parties interested that it
would be a waste of words to dwell upon it.
" In presenting to the shareholders the assets and debts
of the Bank, the Directors have exercised the greatest care
in arriving at a conclusion. That conclusion is as follows :
ASSETS. X S. d.

The gross amount of assets in favour of
the Bank amounts to . 1,136,807 14 11
The actual loss sustained up to the
period at which this report is made
out is

. 112,676 2 6

Leaving an apparent balance due to the
Bank of

DEBTS.
The debts owing by the Northern and
Central Bank on the 306 of June,
1837, amount to the sum of .
Of which amount the
Bank of England
have a claim for an
uncovered balance £178,536 10 3
Amount due to other
creditors, including
deposits, circula-
tion, and the Lon-
don and Westmin-
ster Bank

160,461 4 8

£338,997 14 11
" The leading particulars from which the Directors ar-
rive at the above conclusion are stated in the balance-sheet
now submitted to the meeting ; and they beg to state for
the information of the shareholders, that this conclusion has
been formed after the most careful valuation, one by one, of
every bill, debt, and asset of the Bank.
" At the present period the uncovered balance due to the
Bank of England (say on the 30th of August), is 96,494/.
15s. 2d. ; and when the large amount of the paper of the
Northern and Central Bank in the hands of the Bank of
England in February last is considered, especially in con-
nection with the times we have since gone through, the
shareholders will feel that the Directors have not been
wanting in a vigilant attention to the general interests of
the Bank.

" The Directors are doing all they can to reduce the ex-
penses, and every effort has been and shall continue to
be made until after the debts due by the Bank are sa-
tisfied, and the assets realised in a way consistent with the
best interests of the establishment. In the accomplishment,
however, of this desirable result much will depend, not only
on the general state of the country (which the Directors
trust is now in a progressive state of improvement), but upon
the cordial good-will and co-operation of the shareholders
at large. This co-operation and good-will they confi-
dently look for ; and although it would have been unques-
tionably more grateful to the feelings of the Directors if they
could have given a more flattering account of the state and
and prospects of the Northern and Central Bank, they have
considered it to be not merely consistent, but in strict ac-
cordance with their duty, thus to lay open, as faithfully and
as correctly as they are able, the true position in which it
stands. They have endeavoured to calculate the different
balances of account as before stated, in the most careful
manner in their power, and with the sincere desire that the
results might not disappoint the expectations of the share-
holders. Whether the ultimate event may show their calcu-
lations to be correct or not, they will at any rate have the
satisfaction of reflecting, that whether better or worse than
their estimate, that estimate has been given to tho best of
their knowledge at the time."
EDWARD CONNELL, Esq., the inspector, said that he had
examined every account and bill in the possession of the
Bank, except at two or three branches, with the locality of
which he was not acquainted. Wherever the debtors to
the Bank were shareholders, their shares, which were held
by the Bank as security, were entered in the banking ac-
counts at much below their real value. Therefore be con-
sidered that the Directors were perfectly right in anticipat-
ing a larger amount of assets than had been set forth in the
report of the Directors. Of course it was impossible, espe-
cially after the late panic, for any man to speak with cer-
tainty as to what would be the real amount that would be
realised ; but as far as pains-taking in following out every
account, and endeavouring to make out a true statement,
went, he pledged himself that the accounts had been made
out with the greatest care possible.
The statement of Mr. Connell was received with tokens
of approbation from the shareholders.
Mr. BROOKS asked if he were to understand that the
loss would not amount to 306,000/. ?

Mr. CONNELL replied, that, strictly speaking, it was im
possible for any man to state directly what would he reco-
vered, but he fully believed that the assets would be more
than had been set down in the statement.
THOMAS BROADBENT, Esq., moved the adoption of the
report, and the motion was seconded by Shepherd Duck-
worth, Esq.
The Report, after some discussion, having been received
and ordered to be printed, a letter from Mr. Cassels was
read by the Chairman. It appeared that that gentleman,
having reason to believe that some discussion would arise
respecting the present unpleasant differences existing be-
tween himself and the Directors, was in attendance, and
ready to answer any questions which shareholders might
think proper to put to him.
A discussion arose as to whether this matter could be

best considered at a public meeting of the shareholders, or
whether the inquiry had not better be conducted by a Com-
mittee appointed by the meeting to examine the documents
which would have to be referred to, and after that a refer-
ence to respectable parties appointed by the shareholders
and by Mr. Cassels could take place, The latter course
was adopted, and a committee appointed.,
Mr. OGILVIE proposed it vote of censure upon the late
Directors, but the motion was withdrawn at the request of
several gentlemen before it was seconded, After some
other business of minor importance the proceedings termi-
nated.

-
BARDIC FESTIVAL.—A meeting of Welsh bards
and minstrels will take place at Abergavenny in Oc-
tober, when nearly thirty prizes will be awarded for
poems, essays, &c., connected with the history of the prin-
cipality. Medals will also be presented to the best per-
formers on the single and triple stringed harps.
COAL HOLE TAVI►IRN STRAND.—This old esta-
blished and highly respectable place of public amusement con-
tinues to draw from all quarters. It is crowded every• night
by Noblemen and Gentlemen, who, we need hardly say.
evince the highest gratification from the well conducted and
unrivalled convivial meetings. The singing is, as it always
has been, of the first order. The wines and spirits are of
the choicest quality.

Her Majesty's steamer Lightning is gone to Stock-
holm for Mr. Bligh, our Ambassador at the Swedish Court,
and the body of his lady lately deceased.
