PARLIAMENTARY

An Acr to aUoiti le.al'ps'of Yeomanry o) C': licntcer
-
Cavalry, when asseintyleil for the Suppression of
Riots Or Tuinidti, be quartered and billeted,
and Officers on !ia?f Pay to hold certain Commis-
sions in such Corps, and .to exempt Members in
• Corps from serving the Office of Constable.

le 7th .;one, 1817.1
•
Whereas an Act pa'i;sed h) the forty-fourth year
of the reign of his present Majesty, iutituted "Am
A-et to cods'al;date, and amend the Provisions of
the several Acts relating w Corps 01 Yeomanry
and Volunteers in (ireat. Britain, and to make
further. Regulations relating thertto
whereas it is expedient that Corps of Yeomanry
or Volunteer Cavalry, when assembled for sup-
pression or prevention of Riots or Tumults, should
be quartered and billetted, and that Officers -re-
ceiving • balf-pay should be allowed to hold Com--
missionslis Captains, Lieutenants, or Cornets in
such emits, and that effective members thereof
should be exempt' fram serving peace and parish
.offices May it therefore rlease your Majesty that
it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's
Most Excellent Majesty, by and with-the advice
and COnSeOt of the Lords Spiritual and .Temporal,
and Comunms, in this present Parliament assent-
bled, and by the authority of the same, That all
persons enrolled in any corps of Yeomanry or
Volunteer Cavalry shall, whenever they shall be
assembled anti doing military duty for the sly-
pression or prevention of Riots or Tumults in aid
of any Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, be en-
titled to be quartered and billetted in like manner
in every respect,. and under and subject to the
sante regulations as 'the Officers, non-commis-
sioned Officers, drummers, and private men of his
Majesty's 'orees.
•
11, And be it further enacted; That no Officer
who is entitled to half-pay shall be deemed to for-
feit such half-pay daring the time he shall belong
to or he inrolled in or serve or receive pay as Cap-
tain, Lieutenant, or Co6iet in any corps of Yeo-
manry or Volunteer Cavalry, b:tt every such Offi-
cer shall, notwithstanding his holding any such
commission'in and receiving pay for the swine in
any Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, be
entitled to and shall continue to receive his half-
pay ; and instead of the oath usually required' of
half-pay Officers.to entitle them to the 'receipt of
their half-pay, every such Officer so entitled to
halt-pay and serving as aforesaid shall take the
following oath

" 1, A. B. do swear, That I had not between the
" and the any place of employment or profit, civil
" or military, under, his Majesty, besides an allowance of
" half-pay, save and except my pay or allowance. (as the case
" may be) for serving in the corps of Yeomanry or
"Volunteer Cavalry of the • as Captain, Lieute-'

_
" nant, or Cornet (as the case slay be)."
And the taking of the said oath sh 11, without
taking any other-oath, be sufficient to entitle such
peison to receive his half-pay.
111. And be it further enacted, That no Offi-
cer, !mu-commissioned Ofii4r, or effective mem-
ber of any Yeomanry Corps or VolnuteerCavalry,
shali; during theperiod of his continuing enrolled
in and au effective member of such Yetotanry
Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, be compellable or
compelled to Serve the office of Constable iu thzt
parish to which .;;g belongs.

An ACT to explain and amend an Acr of the 53d year of his
present Majesty, relating to Toils on CARRIAGES used in
lIIJSRANDRY, and to remove Doubts al, to Exemption of
Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure, front Payment
of Toll. Jwieo
'hereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the
531 year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitided ail
Act to amend an Act made in the 52d year of his present Ma-
jesty's reign, iutituled An Act to explain the Exemption
from Toll in several Acts of Parliament for Carriages ens-
' ployed in Husbandry, and for regulating the Tolls to be
paid on other Carriages, and on Horses in certain other
Cases therein specified,' and fur other purposes relating
thereto, it is enacted, that from and after the passing, of the
said Act, the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, Cart, or other
Carriage laden with Manure for Land, passing through any
Turnpike, or otherwise passing on or across any Turnpike
Road, should not be liable to pay any Toll, nor should any
Toll be demanded far such Carriage so laden, or the Cattle
drawing the same, by reasots only of any empty Basket or
Baskets, empty Sack or Sacks, for more convenient Carriage,
or Spade, Shovel, or Fork, necessary for loading or unload-
ing such Manure, being in or upon .ally such Waggon; Cart,
or other Carriage, in addition to such Manure, if the Loading
thereof is substantially Manure for Land as aforesaid; any
thing in any Act contained to the contrary thereof notwith-
standing: And is limas Doubts' have arisen whether the said
Clause does out extend to give a general grearptien
,from
Toll to all Carriages laden with Manure for Land, although
the same were made expressly liable to Tull by the respective
Local Acts by which Tolls are imposecl and levied for the
Maintenance of any Turnpike Roads : And whereas such
Construction would operate very injuriously both to the
reeeired fur the keeping up such respective Roads, and to
the Security of the Creditors who have advanced Money upon
the Credit of the same: For Remedy thereof be it declared
and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and
with the Advice and Cement of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-
poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,
and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said
Clause, or in any other Clause of the same, or of any other
Act or Acts of Parliament, shall extend or be construed to
extend to exempt any such Carriages as aforesaid, or the
Horses or other Cattle drawing the same, from any Tolls or
Duties imposed by virtue of any Local Act or Acts under
which any such Tolls or Duties have been or shall be im-
posed fur the Maintenance or Repair of such respective Roads
upon which such f:arriages shall go or travel.
ii. Pi tinkled always, and it is hereby enacted and declared,
That nothingin this Act contained shall be construed to re-
peal, vary, or alter any chose ur provision in the said Azt
passed in time said 53d year of his present Majesty's reign, nor
any other Act or Acts of Parliament; so far as respects any
Turnpike Road or Roads,, or the Tolls to be collected at any
Gate or Gates erected or to be erected thereon% within the
Cities of London and Westminster, or within the distance of
Fifteen Nli'es" from the Royal E::charrge..
A:s be it further. caactedl That this Act Ara be

By a private letter from Portugal, of the Ist
instant, we learn, that strong -reinforcements
were then about to embark, and protecd imme-
diately for the Brazils. Government liad obtained
a loan of upwards of 418,000/:"§teiliiik at 6 per
cent. secured on duties upon
, various
to be henceforward pa\ahleatLisial:rottitc.lesConjt-
spiracies are now little tatked of in Portugal
and apprehensions seem to have subsided,
Dispatches, it is said, had been sent to the
Brazils for instructions, as some distingnizihs.-d
persons, as We before stated, bad been found to
be strongly implicated in the late politieal
ehinations.

The Paris Parrs of Sunday liit, wi4ell ivere
riue this mart )g, haze not come to b.u.nd.

Charleston Papers to tile l6rh :Tone tirriverl

this morning. The following are Extracts
" ST. JOHN'S, ANTIGUA, NIAY 27.—The Lune,
Atnis, and Zepllyr transports, have arrived, at
Barbadoes uith reinforcements for this Army,
amounting to about 20 Officers and 130 men.
O'HARA, of the G3d, and Licnt.-Col.
STEWART, of the itOytil 'York Rangers, came out

ill the Zephyr; the former has since arrivettat St
Ki;Cs, %I:etc the Stiff the Gad is at present
stationed. The Engineer, Attny Brig,- after coa-

veying Col: frt:m iltrbadocs t 4 8!..
arrived here on Saturday ev:ening, and sailcd ye*-
.

teltirty,. on her return' to Barbadocs, xritl►
AL,jor AU SIEN Of the `..?ith Pout, which Regiment
has been ordered home.

-t -
" The 21st kegitneot are under orders for lie
‘Vest Jades, tittil the Ist IVest Indiri (part of
trhich are in Garrison here) ;are destined for the

Cape of Good frope.",..,
" It is said that Dq.
the British Consul at Alag,tiore, who, with so

much generosity and reeling, redeemed from
slavery', and_ otherwi'se befrientlt-d, tbe American
Capt. RILE? and his unfortunate lel:o‘v sufferert,
has been appointed American Agcsit to that place,
to assist on account of Government any of our
countrymen who rully hereafter be its distress, 01
meet with disasters in that quarter.
" MONTREAL, JUNE 7.—Gen. PORTER, United.
States' Coinmissioner under the Treaty of GhenG
and Colonel HAWKINS, United States' Agent for
managing the business under said Treaty on be-
half of his said Government, with their Secreta-
ries, MitiOrSTRAZER Anti DRLAVIELD, left here
Saturday last for St. Regis, where they will meet
Colonel OGILVY, his Majesty's Commissioner, aun
his party."

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT

AT LIVERPOOL, DATED JULY 14.
There have not been any Arrivals from the
United States since the Stli inst. which was the
occasion of nay silence. I have, however, this
day the pleasure of announcing the following,

L. :..--

The Thalia, Moms, froin Philadelphia, in 24 daps; sailed
June 20; cargo, 3e515 barrels Flour.
Amelia, IlkArutr, (corn New York; 1450 barrels Flour.

Sally, IVATsoN, from Charleston; sailed June 15, .Aith
1002 bates C‘ittoo.

Tlsers are now a great number of vessels ready
for sea.—.. 1)e arrivals from the United States into
this port. from the Ist January to the Bth
amount to 2d9 vesseis, the imports of whirls .E
shall give .;tau in. my next.—Flour in prise i.: 56s-
per bartei_

The Morn.-.; Chronicle must remind the Public
of STERNE'S Starling, for it seems to be never
tired of the same note—Lord CASTL:LREAGH !----
Lord CASTLEnEAMI I.
—Lord CASTLEREAGH I. !
is the inces;iant. -object of its spleen. We coul,l
hardly require a less equivocal Proof of the pnolie
and private worth of this Nobleman, if we were
not fully apprized of -The services -whias he has
not only rendered to tilic Comittry, but 148 Europe,,
than this unceasing hostility of Party against him.
Bit his Lordship would have ample revenge if a
ttrneh' coldersentiment than revenge were not likely
to arise in his mind, from such pitiful and pointless
enmity, in finding that a rude Party Declaimer is
the GREAT IDOL on whom the praise of his Lord-
ship's insignificant assailants are every -clay pro-
fusely bestowed. Yet if we are rightly informed,
the person alluded to, who aspired at the honour
of being LEADER OF THE PARTY, in the room of
the late lamented Mr. PoNsoNßr, has tem rejectal„
as much too course and violent, and too apt ti•
make complaints onfricolousand vexatious grounds,
and who,: cotiseilueutly would be likely to sink.
the tarty still lower in- the estimation of all the
wise and loyal orders of the community.
