Union Jack.

Banner. Banner.
" Southampton Dock Company." " Trade and Commerce."
Body of Men employed on the Works.
Ba,,ner.
" God Save the Queen."
Band of Music.
Town Ciier.

t, Silver Oar
'rile by Town Sergeant.

Mace
Borne by Town Sergeant

Principal Mice—l3orne by Town sergeanr.
The Worshipful the Mayor—JnsErn Loan, Esq.
The Reverend the R"ctor of All Saints' Church.
Aldermen—Two and Two.
Councillors—Tao anti Two.
Town CI( rk.
The Chairman of the. Southampton Dock Company,
Jus• ph Liggins, Esq.
The Board of Direc'ors—Two and Two.
Engineer—Fr.incis Giles, Esq.
Solicitors to the Company.
- - Contractor and Director of Works.
Assistant Engineer.
Proprietors—Two and Two.
Colours.

Band of Music.
Tyler with Drawn Sword.
Vlitsll_l, Brethren. not Members of any Lodge, in Attendance.
, of the Southampton 14,!dge, N ) 555. Southampton.
e Worshipful Master. Othcers, and. Brethren of rotten.
Bennet Lodge.
The
ihr,ner of the Lodge of Peace and Haruwny, No. 462, Romsey.
urshit,ful Master, Officers,r and Brethren the
Lodge of Peace and Harmony.
44:ner of the Royal Sussex Lodge, No. 428, Portsea.
Worshipful Master Officers, and Brethren of the
Forst .L Lodge.
111,,,r'irl°c of the New Forest Lodge, No.
Be
en of
'no Worshiptul Isliasteew iorOesffit ci.:rosjgaen.d Brethren i
The r
Banne of the Phoenix Lodge, No. 319, Portsmouth.
ornhipful Mesta, Officers, and Brethren of the Phcenix
Lodge.
1,4 aner of the Lodge of Hengist, No. 230, Christchurch,
The Worshipful Master, Officers, and Brethren of the Lodge
of Hengist.
Tae P. 'soner of the Lodge of Unity. No. 154, Ringwood.
‘'otAipful Master, Officers, and Brethren of the Lodge
of Unity.
Isti'_'!P of the Master,u Lodge, No. 152, Southampton.
Tae Worshipful Officers and Brethren of the Royal
Gloucester Lodge.
Baas of the Lodge of Economy, No. 90, Winchester.
e "Vnrshipful Master, Officers, and Brethren of the Lodge
Th
of Economy.
y
Tyler.
Tler.
11,1: bo.
ner of the Provincial Grand Lodge of Hampshire.. sonic Banner,
!M Banner.
qra Architect. Grand Superintendent 'of Works.
rid birector
of Ceremonies. Grand Registrar.
Grua c,Grand Deacon. Grand Deacon.
cretary with Books of Grand Treasurer.
.pas, Constitutions
l'r°vineial Grand Officers of the Province of Hampshire.
l'i, b. Visiting Provincial Grand Officers.
.laZight Worshipful the Provincial Grand Master of the
ate. der, ‘B,Vight, the Right Hon. the Earl of Yarborough,
stew
Jnir Grand Warden.
"I* Standard ofo Provincial Grand Lodge. Steward.
Senior Grand Warden.
r Three Brethren bearing Corn, Wine, and Oil.
e"
Sr ChaPlain—The Rev. W. H. Brookfirld, M A.
'NAN. Volume of the Sacred Law on a Velvet
Steward.
Cushion.
Deputy Provincial Grand Master.
Grand Sword Bearer.
Stanard. The Birk Worshipful the Acting
Provincial Grand Master,
Admiral Sir LUCIUS CURTIS, Bart., C.B. Steward.
&c. &c. &c.
The Provincial Grand Tyler.
The
Banner.
l'eqiett.Ze°Rsion was closed by a large body of the most
On . e;ioliabitants of the town and neighbour.h.ood.
1'1:4 seats in the church. the municipal authorities took
tt'rth • :a lo the south aisle, and the ma conic body on the
4e ; the galleries were 'opened to the public, and
'old —reb was crowded in every part. After the prayers
4hl rtri e's"B of the day, a very impressive and appropriate
tfAOll was preachedh„the Rev. W. H. Brookfield,
—• efts
101- tr e Procession returned in t
~Trjase-st-o.,eset and Winkle-street, to the. quays—the windows,
'4‘iqn "Id every point from which a view o.f the pro-
:ll%e. be obtained being crowded to excess. The
f0r„,(4% after
~the eastern end of the platd-
.iinq.. a Torated with a prolusion of fitgs an kti • eaen
"ation e tle stage, in the centre of which the
sir at()oe, an immense granite block, was suspended
sly d°' g iron cable over another which had been previn-.
41,r,a-r4.;:del3°3ited in it lace. The procession having been
his thes Place.
the Provincial Grand Masterhe
%tone:'' station on the' platform on the east side of t
Th_ Preceded by the standard and sword-bearer.
and,: CHAIRMAN of the Dock Company then advanced,
quehtod Sir Lucius Curtis to lay the stone, presenting
ept,,,:trtbe same time with a silver trowel, on which the
Lettie°l: the Company' were engraved. The trowel was
ii
(4•1, 'n the processien by Henry Liggins, son of t
titia4in:;' aod a brass tablet, on which was the following
IN 11 S. W. Bushby, son of a Director
entitiEtioitaTiox OF THE CONSTRUCTION OF
AT ,„,VI OM
PO N.ERCIAL DOCKS'
PORT OF SOUTHAMPTON.
SIR
1 HIS FOUNDATION STONE
lec As LAID BY
°I
qa nell3 WS
CURTIS, KNIGHT AND BARONET,
rnbe House, in this County, Companion of the Most
"olniral 00(11-able
of and Military Order of the Bath, Rear. Ad-
-4d Her Majesty's Ro3al Navy, &c. &c. &c.,
Right Worshipful Deputy Provincial
Grand Master ot' Hampshire, and the
Provincial Grand Lodge and other
Lodges in the said Province of
Or, „, Fate AND ACCEPTED MASONS,
- the 12th rimy or OCTOBER, 183 g.
ehhi
ASSISTED THE 4111'41 and Direetot,
of the Southampton Dock Company,
Tttg in the Presence of
VvOttstIIPITL TIIE IfATOR, JOSEPH LOBB, ESQ.

The Corporation of the Town of Southampton,
The Right Hon the Earl of Yarborough, P. G. Master of the
Isle of Wight, and many Distinguished Visitors. -
DIRECTORS.

JOSEPH LIGGINS. Esq., Ch.,irman,.
Capt. WILLIAM WARD, R N., Deputy Chairman,
Henry Buchan, Esq. Richard Heathfield, Esq.
Joseph Bushby, I Wm. James Le Feuvre, Esq.
Samuel Chaplin, Esq. Henry Luard, Esq.
Job Ede, Esq. James Rigmaiden, Esq.
Major Charles Franklin Head. John Witt. Esq.
ENGINEER. —Francis Giles, Esq.
STANDING COUNSEL.—Richard Hcathfield, Jun., Esq.
SOLICITORS Nlessrs. Lock, Smith, and Al.istons, London;
Odessrs. James Sharp and Hialison, Southampton.
This place bt.viug bt en deposited in its place on the
lower stone.

Toe Provincial Grand Chaplain, the Rev. W. H.
BROOKFIELD then advanced and repeated the following
prince:—" Oh Lord God Almighty, who str -tchest out
the heavens like a curtain and lavest the beams of thy
cbambi-rs in the waters, thy seat is high in heaven, and yet
thine eyes behold and thine eyelids try the children of men.
Without thee nothing is strong, nothing is holy : except
thou built the city their labour is but lost that build it ; ex-
cept thou keep the city the watchmen watchuth but in vain.
Therefore we beseech thee to hear us in heaven, thy dwel
and to bow doxn and bless and sanctify the work
which we have this day begun in humble dr•pendenee upon
thine aid and protection. In this, as in all our doings, we
pray thee prescnie and follow us. Prosper thou the work
of our hangs upon us—Oh ! prosper thou our handy work.
We devoutly ask of tlp.e, if it be thy good pleasure, that
the issue of this day's undertaking, may be an enlargad
rosp?rity to Guetown, and that thou wilt deign to sanctify
that pr( saerity to thine own honour and the happiness of
men. If.ricaes increase let not meat set their hearts upon
them, but let them seek evermore the true riches of thy
grace, lay up their treasure where moth and rust doth
net corrupt, tv.d Mier • thiefes break not through nor steal.
And forasmuch as it is likely that this our enterprize will
call forth many to occupy their business in great waters,
and encounter the dangers of the sea, we therefore pray
thee, who last the winds in thy keeping, and the waters in
the hollow of thine hand, always to save and defend the ma-
ricers of England. Accompany them, Oh Lord! in their
safety,and in their hour of peril hear their cry, and stretch forth
thy right hand to deliver them, that being delivered from
their distress, they may live to serve thee, and glorify thy
name all the days of their life. Bless, we pray thee,
the intercourse between this country and foreign lands, not
only to their temporal, but aho to their eternal prosperity ;
and amid the merchandise that shall be carried to and fro
upon the earth, let not the goodly pearl of great price be
wanting, but let this country be the honoured means in
thy hands for spreading abroad the knowledge of thy
name, that thy ways may be known upon earth, thy saving
health among all nations. And, oh Lord, we beseech thee,

to bless this our town and neighbourhood, and if it be in
thy councils that ber inhabitants should be multiplied, and
her borders enlarged, we pray thee also to enlarge upon
her always more and more the riches of thy grace. Endue

her ministers with meekness and truth, and her magistrates
with wisdom and justice ; make the rich 13,tuntiful, and the
poor cent encetl ; and may thy grace and heavenly bene-
diction rest upon all sorts and conditions of men. And
may all things be so ordered and settled, that truth and

justice, religion and piety, may be established among us
for all generations. Hear Ili, oh Lord, and answer, for we
aqk all in the name, and for the sake of thy son, Jesus
CI) ist, our Lord."

The P. G. TREASURER then dennsite.d a glass bottle
containing the various coins of the past and present reign
in the lower stone.

TLe cement was then applied, and the stone slowly
lowered to its place, the Provincial Grand Master proving
it to be properly adjusted by the level plumb-rule and
square, which were presented by the P. G. J. Warden, the
P. G. S. W mien, and the Deputy P. G. Master.
The I'. G. Architect then delivered the mallet, with
which the P. G. Master gave three knoCks, saying :
" May THE GREAT ARCHITECT OF THE UNIVERSE
enable us successfully to carry on and finish the work of
which we have now laid the Foundation Stone, and every
other undertaking that may tend to the advantage of the
Town and County of Southampton, and its Harbour.
May He be a guard and protection to them, and may they
long be preserved from peril and decay."
The several implements were then returned, and the
plan of the work presented by the Engineer, F. Giles, Esq.,
of which the P. G. Master signified his approval and re-
turned it to the Engineer.
The P. G. M. then scattered corn and poured wine and
oil upon the stone, saying :
" May the bountiful hand of HEAVEN ever supply this
country with abundance of Corn, Wine, and Oil, and all
the necessaries and comforts of life."
The P. G. Master having re-ascended the platform,
formally announced to the Chairman that the stone had
been duly laid. He trusted that the great work which
had been just now so auspiciously commenced, would be
carried to a happy termination. The undertaking was one
which was calculated to promote the welfare and prosperity
of the town and nei;lhbourhood, by giving a new stimulus to
commercial enterprise and affording permanent and remu-
nerating employment for a large number of the working
classes. He trusted that they would shortly see those
docks crowded with the vessels of all nations freighted
with rich and ample cargoes from the remotest climes of
the east and west, and that they would render Southamp-
ton the grand southern entrepot of commerce in that
country. It was undertakings like the present that were
best calculated to promote the peace and prosperity of man-
kind, and he trusted that the people of Southampton
might long enjoy those blessings.
As soon as the Gallant Admiral had concluded his ad-
dress, three loud aad hearty cheers were given by the
Brethren, which were taken up and repeated by the vast
assemblage, which, on the lowest calculation, must have
amounted to I.s,ooo—the bands in attendance struck up
the national anthem, a salute of artillery was fired from
the pier, hats were flung up, and flags and banners waved
on all sides.

The scene at this moment was extremely animated and
interesting. The sun which had been for some time pre-
viously obscured, burst out with great. splendour, and illumi-
nated the beautiful panorama of the Southampton waters,
with its picturesque coast scenery, every part of which,
with the shores of Itcheu as far as the eye could reach,
was densely crowded with human beings ; the vessels and
yachts in the roadstead were all gaily decorated with flags,
and *their yards and rigging manned ; the piers, quays;
windows, trees, and even housetops, were thickly studded
with those who could not obtain a nearer view of the pro-
ceedings, and every countenance around us was expressive
of gratification and joy.
When silence had been in some measure restored,

JOSEPH LIGGINS, Esq., the Chairman of the Dock Com-
pany, ascended the stone and addressed the assembly to
the following effect :—" Right Worshipful the ♦cting
Grand Master, and Gentlemen, United Brethren of free and
accepted Masons—the Worshipful Mayor and Gentlemen
of the. Corporation of Southampton—and Gentlemen Pro-
prietors of the Southampton Docks—by virtue of and under
the Provisions of an Act of Parliament that was passed in

the hitter part of the reign of our late and deeply lamented
Sovereign. King William IV., by which this Company was
incorpor.tted, I declare this to be the first, the foundation-
stone of Commercial Docks at this port. An undertaking
vast in its extent, and comprehensive in its design, that has
been devised by a band of men who, in singleness of heart,
and with honesty of purpose, knowing wh*t is now required
to meet the demands of commerce, and foreseeing. as we
believe we do in the multifarious changes that are now
taking place, that increased nece=sitics will soon be mani-
fested, have resolved to be prepared for coming events,
under a deep conviction of mind, that in attaining the ends
here contemplated we shall at the same time accomplish
another object of a much purer, a much higher, be-
cause a more Christiaoly character--I mean the miti-
gation of human sufferin7—the preservation of human
life, for, as men of business, we know what is
needful to fuel:hate the daily operation of our own
affairs. As shipowners, we know where our ships are
subject to the longest detentions by contrary winds, by
which our expenses are largely increased ; as merchants,
we know where we are exposed to the greatest losses by
the destruction of our property ; and above all, we know
where it is that the greatest number of human beings are
sacrificed to the fury of the contending elements—and we
hope, as we firmly believe, that all these evils, great as
they are, will be largely diminished by the construction of
docks in this magnificent harbour.—(Loud cheers.) Gen-
tlemen, permit me to offer you my sincere and my hearty
congratulations that this most noble work is so auspiciously
commenced in your presence and under your sanction, and
laymen though we be, though we are men " who go to the
sea in ships and occupy our business on great waters," let
us from this place join with the utmost sincerity the
Rev. Gentleman whom I have now the honour and the
happiness to see before me, in the pious exhortation he
uttered this day in the house of God—that the Almighty
disposer of our destinies will be graciously pleased so to
guide our steps and direct our way in the progress of this
undertaking, that through His assistance we may be en-
ab:ed to bring it to a final and successful completion—that
when we who are here assembled together shall have
" shuffled off the mortal coil," by which we are sur-
rounded, that countless numbers will remain behind
who will have reason to rejoice in the good works per-
formed by those who are gone before—when little children
may clap their hands for joy that their friends have been
preserved from • an untimely death by shipwreck—when
they may be enabled to say their" father is yet alive," and
when the whole cnmmercial community may be in the full
etuoyment of all those advantages which must accrue from
a great commercial structure such as this will be, and which
trust will endure for ages.—(Hear, and cheers.) Sir

Lucius Curtis, permit me, in my own name, In the name
of my colleagues, and on the behalf of the Pioprietors of the
Company generally, totffer yourself, and the united brethren,
our united, our cordial thanks, for the honour you have
done us this day, in placing the stone on which I stand--
the foundation of our future docks.—(Great cheering.)
Three cheers were then given for the Worshipful the
MAYOR, who returned thanks for the compliment paid him.
They had that day laid the foundation stone of one•of the
most important works that had ever been commenced in
Southampton, and he hoped he should shortly see im-
mense masses of building rising upon that spot, which
would confer employment and happiness upon thousands of
families, and their children after the►n.—(Cheers.) Their
worthy Chairman had p'aced the merits of the undertaking
in the proper light, for he had based them upon Christianity.
and humanity—those feelings were characteristic of the
English nation, and of the mason's heart.—(lmmense
cheering.) He (Mr. Lobb) was himself a mason, and most
sincerely did he congratulate that ancient and honourable
fraternity that it had been called upon to lay the founda-
tion stone of these Docks. Occupying the position of Chief
Magistrate of the town, he could not but congratulate
himself that he was the first who had ever witnessed an
undertaking of the kind, which was likely to promote sa
extensively the wealth and happiness of its people.
(Cheers).
Three hearty cheers were then given for the Earl of Yar-
borough, who briAly expressed his acknowledgments, and
the sincere pleasure he felt at having been present at the
interesting ceremonies of the day.
The procession then re-formed, and returned by the same
route, the municipal authorities halting at the audit-house,
and the brethren proceeding to their lodge room.
The Western Dock, of which the foundation stone was
laid, is situate to the east of the town pier, and close to
the terminus of the London and Southampton Railway,
which will cross the high road near the Dock-house in a
direct line, and proceed along the dock quay, so that goods
and passengers can be literally transferred from the
vessels' to the railway carriages. The eastern embank-
ment along which it is intended the railway shall pass will be
3,040 feet long, and the Western Dock wall 1,760 feet.
The dimensions of the dock are 1,700 feet long by 500
feet wide, and it will contain 23 feet in depth of water at .
high water of spring tides. The Company have also pur-
chased a large tract of land to the east of the intended
dock, containing' upwards of 154 acres, so that the means
are at their disposal of affording further dock room, as soon
as the increased trade of the town may require it.
THE DINNER.

A public dinner, in commemoration of the important
proceedings of the day, took place in the evening at the
Star Hotel, which was attended by the E-rl of Yarborough,
Admiral Sir Lucius Curtis, C. 8., the Worshipful Mayor,
and several of the Aldermen and Town Giuncil, the Rev.
W. H. Brookfield, Captain Ward, R.N., the Chairman,
and several of the Directors of the Dock Company, and
about 150 of the principal inhabitants of the town. The
dinner provided by Shepherd was excellent, and the wines,
including an abundance of champagne, of first rate quality.
Joseph Liggins, Esq., presided. After ample justice had
heti' done to the good things provided, and grace said,
The CHAIRMAN rose and said—Gentlemen, in proposing
to you the first toast, and thereby gi‘ing you an opportu-
nity of expressing your loyalty to your Sovereign, and your
attachment .to the Throne, I cannot refrain from reminding
you that the stupendous work we have this day commenced,
is the first work of the kind ever begun in this country dur-
ing the reign of a Queen.—(Hear, hear.) It is, more-
over, the first work of any magnitude commenced at so
early an age of the Sovereign of these realms. As these
our Docks r.re now in a state of infancy, and her Majesty,
I hope, in the enjoyment of the bloom of youth, let us hope
that both will advance together in peace and prosperity to•
a happy old age.—( Hear, hear, and cheers.)
" The Queen."—Drank with nine times nine.

The CHAIRMAN—GentI, men, there is another illustri-
ous lady, who, by her virtues and exemplary conduct, has
endeared herself to the heart of every British subject. 'The
bereavement she has sustained has excited, I believe I may
venture to affirm, the regret and sympathy of every Bri-
tish bosom.—( Hear, hear.) She has rucently left our
shores, to search in a distant land for the restoration of
that health, which in her own clime has been denied to
her, and let us hope that she may not be disappointed.—
( Hear, hear.) There are other members of the Royal
Family to whom I need not allude further than to say
that they are branches of that illustrious house which has
tor so many years happily and prosperously reigned over
these realms.
" The Queen Dowager and the rest of the Royal Fa-
mily," three times three.

The CHAIRMAN said, in rising to do honour to the
united servie,e of the country , it was an easy and a pleasing
duty to recal to their recollection the victories of a Nelson,
or the achiements of a Wellington, who yet lived among
the men of Hampshire.—(Cheers.) The nay), they had
been told in high places, was in a somewhat ricketty state,
which, if true, they should all deeply deplore. As a corn-
mvrcial man he confessed he felt the consequen-
ces sensitively; for without a sufficient naval ma-
rine they could not long preserve their commercial marine.
But he hoped, as they all did, that ‘• the wooden walls of
old England" were yet sound in the main, and although
there might be a few decayed timbers, he trusted when
they had been replaced by others of a better description,
that the service would be again brought into that high_ state
of efficiency, which would enable it, whenever the day
again returned, to vindicate the banner of their country—to
assert its supremacy on the seas—to compel all opponents
to respect the honour of their nation, and throw around their
commercial marine that protection which they had from the
earliest period of their history enjoyed.—(Great cheering.)
" The Army and Navy."
Admiral Sir LUCIUS CURTIS returned thanks. As an
humble membor of the naval profession, he felt deeply in-
debted to them for the complimentary manner in which it
had been alluded to. With regard to the ricketty state of
the navy—(A laugh)—he did not dispute but that there
might be some unsound titnb,A.s in the ship, but he trusted
whenever these ships were callA forth to fight the battles
of their country, that it would be found whatever their ric-
ketty state might be, their men had " hearts of oak.
(Vehement cheering.) He also trusted that when it
should please God that that country should be again in-
volved in war, that the navy would do its duty in a man-
ner to ensure for it that high approbation and kind feeling
which it had ever experienced, not only at the hands of the
present company, but of the country generally.—(Cheering,)
Major STEVENS returned thanks on behalf of the army.
He little thought that he would have been called upon to
address that assembly, and although he had the honour of
holding a commisson in her Majesty's army, yet he had
strong claims also upon that glorious service to which the
gallant Admiral had alluded. He trusted that the two
branches of the service would always co-operate for the
good of the country, as they had hitherto done. It was

the boast of every British soldier, that he should be always
ready to protect the interests of British merchants, and to
maintain the liberty and independence of the glorious
institutions of their country.—(Loud cheers-) He referred
to this with the more pride from having lately read a
passage from the work of M. Dupin, a French author,
who had lately visited England, in which he said,
" the British army, unlike the armies of the continent,
is not employed to perpetuate slavery and oppres-
sion, but to protect their glorious institutions,
the right to which they themselves inherit."—(Much
applause.) In England the protection of property
and the vindication of liberty were the two most prominent,
as they were the most honourable duties, of the British
,oltlier arid sailor. In conclusion, he begged to return them
thanks for the honour they had conferred on the profession
to which he belonged.

The CHAIRMAN said the happy moment had at length
arrived, when in the ordinary course of things the
pleasing duty devolved upon him of proposing to thorn
a toast, which naturally arose out of the proceedings

~f the day. He had, however, to solicit their in•
dulgent permission to transfer to another the perform-
ance of that duty, to which he was far more competent
than himself—to a gentleman for whom he felt personally
the highest respect, and the most profound esteem. He
alluded to one who was his honourable colleague in the
direction of the affairs of the Dock Company—who was
. • !___

itnhetisteensiloi gr hptei srtecdt oegr
roefe td
eCt or
amept afrn ey
m, ani,
ids
he withoutart
hearty
edeeisni t?ilie
n,vg
to.
ledgments to his other colleagues, yet he was satisfied ,
tl_
would permit him to say in the presence of that assembly,
that the gentleman to whom he alluded had laboured more
heartily than them all.—(Hear, hear.) The Dock under-
taking was a subject that was near and dear to his heart—
he might with truth be said to be the foster-parent of the
undertakirw, and he felt assured that having said so ntuc_
they would not deny to him the favour of calling upon Mr.
Heathfield.—(Loud cheering.)
MR. HEATHFIELD said that his Hon. Friend had im-
posed on him a duty which he would have performed much
more to their instruction and advantage than himself. The
difficulty was increased by the kind manner in iwhich the
Chairman had been pleased to speak of his humble services
in the undertaking. He must disclaim, however, the
htliomno.ur of
They had
llallwhichi)eeemtehe Chitsreaimsrtera-tplalriead scntasfrroiled to
m)
the
manner in which they had identified themselves with it that
soetmhpmfeeetinicinrlcteeecintdrhot:ilatidaihdtrrevbevano;gon,urtt:aLargietminsitt:etttgliii,eroiesnndaaep:rlpoaaritelttiiinotnerptorisge
day, and he hoped.they would share the duties of parternity
with them to the end of their lives, and transmit them to
himor
possessed—upon
li,tao tedr—i a tthe e ui
rp
notnohbeltesh
ee6uprri
break-
water, entller;tihma'd• j\uVstithcorme:
the Isle of Wight—their contiguity to the oce..n,
east and west—or their proximity to Portsmouth, which
might be likened to their right arm and shield of defence—

or,
.in fact, the manifold advantages wh eh nature, and the
most exquisite naval art Of the country 11,1 d combined to
shower upon their situation.—(Cheers.) The question na-
turally arose, how happened it that a situation so favoured
by nature and art s.hould have been so long neglected ? This
was a problem the solution of which rt quired some insight
into the institutions of their country, and an acquaintance
with those commercial relations by which the trade was
confined to peculiar situations. In order to make that in-
telligible, it would be necessary to refer them to other
great commercial towns. One of these was 13i istol, which
owed its commercial superiority to the mineral stores of
coal and iron with which it was favoured. Tl.ose mineral
stores led to manufacturing industry, and manufacturing

industry, again, begat a spirit of enterprise. It had led to
wealth—it had encouraged enterprise, and had afforded
opportunities to Bristol, which had been profited by it to an
extent, that had raised it to the rank of the second city in the
empire. One of the first advantages of their large menu-
lecturing resources was the possession of the African trade,
which was obtained almost exclusively by Bristol—the con-
sequence of this enjoyment, from their position, of the
African trade was a large and free intercourse with the
West Indies—that intercourse led, inasmuch as their con-
'centrated capital and labour rendered those islands
valuable, to large West Indian possessions either by right
of sale or mortgage. That, again, led to a new opening
of trade—a greater command of shipping interest, fur-
ther enterprise, and additional intercourse with the Ame-
rican colonies. That state of things went on down to
the American war, because down to that period trade
was conducted upon a different system—a few houses
possessed the entire monopole, all the exports and im-
ports passing through their hands by prescriptive right,
and were handed down from father to son, and from ge-
neration to generation. The American war broke up that
system, and Liverpool having advanced from similar causes,
viz., her great manufacturing resources, she acquired the
greater part of the African trade, and the possession of that
trade led to large possessions in the West In-
dies, on the part of the great ship owners. That state
of things went on. The whole trade of Ireland which was
opposite these ports passing through them, and they be-
came the great commercial towns they now saw them.
Next came the port of London ; and its history was not a
little interesting. London did not enjoy a paramount
share in the commerce of the country until the time of
Elizabeth. He did not mean that its trade was small, bat
it was so when contrasted with what it now is. In the
days of E izaheth particular interests were much fostered
by treaties and the granting of charters to one private
Company or another, and more particularly as regarded the
East India Trade. London having obtained a monopolyof the
E ist India trade, had by degrees drawn to itself the largest
trade of the country, and for this reason particularly, that no
general assorted cargo could be made up without resoreing to
London for some of the ingredients from the India or China
trade. Thus had arisen its overpowering influence, and this
was why Southampton, being so near the part of London,
was one of the last to avail herself of it ; but important
changes had taken place since then.--(Hear, hear.) The
negro in the West Indies had been emancipated ; the
plauter had been emancipated from his mortgages
by the payment of the twenty millions, and there
was no loner a monopoly of the Eut India
trade. All the ports of the country were now open
to avail themselves of the East India trade, and in addition
to that they had obtained a new and most extraordinary
power of locomotion in the steam-engine.—(Great cheer-
ing.) Although manufactures might still he produced in
the greatest quantities in the neighbourhood of Liverpool
and Bristol, the simple question would shortly be (the
facilities of communication from one part of the country to
the other being now so great.) not what place the goods
were manufactured at, but at what port they could be em-
barked with the greatest advantage ?—(Hear, hear.) In
fine, the commerce of the country had been brought to that
position that it resembled the element of water which
its own
nhpoeo 1
portion
which
ev
seotl
vesselsf
t; ma tole. luitttairdtaw(plaeosr
startttoi ewfamot
outtinliidlasettrr tlaobbwetlaocei
ustititihttelr,xi,
yet-
)tic)wl fsi!edrge rif inneen,dl edt
ei nrfi
the
could not be carried on with equal advantage
of time and economy by any other port when put in
competition with that of Southampton.—( Vehement
cheering.) It was on these grounds that having some ac-
quaintance with the history of the commerce of that coun-
try filet he had become an ardent supporter of these
Docks.—(Cheers.) He believed that no port was better
fitted for an extensive trade than that of Southampton.
Circumstances hitherto had not been favourable for aggre-
gation—for trade was but an aggregation in which, when
seeking for one commodity, you must find another by its
side. From the peculiar advantages which the port of Lon-
don formerly possessed from its monopoly, there had been
no concurrence of causes sufficient to justify the expendi-
ture of large sums of money on the improvement of the
port of Southampton. The time had. at length arrived
when the other ports would find their level as water
did, and it might fully be presumed that the
present period would constitute the commencement
of a series of prosperity.and success to their port without
example. Not only was there an aggregation of circum-
stances in their favour without example, but the amount to
be expended, when put in competition with the results
capable of being produced, would be extremely small. The
site of the docks, upon which they had the pleasure of
meeting that day, was sufficient to carry on nearly as much
trade as all the docks of Liverpool, although they ranged
mile after mile along the Mersey.—( Loud cheers.) That
small spot of ground, by the convolutions of its quay,, and
by ki to' advantage of the glorious wharf accommodation
to l
enablewhichthem to carry sass
ontoasthmetun much
tradealong Itch en,
the e docks"'n ofd
Liverpool.
—(Veliement cheering.) He believed lie did
not exaggerate, when he said that they were capable of ac-
detine nearly as much trade as the whole of the
commo •
docks of London put together.—(Hear, hear.) The
presented.rry
Liverpool docks cost in round numbers—and he would
his friend Mr. Giles, the eminent engi-
neer, if he was mistaken—not leis than between
be set right by
`'our five millions, 1 whilest theyate d
tchaal
tcutl calculated h
d soafvaer asa
manyd
would
e could carry them, a million of money would cover
tlsit
s
But the difference in the result was most
extraordinary. He l
i‘,e rp Linear
feet of dock quays as at Liverpool, but the
estimate
and
(Hear, hear.)ole of the ground at Southampton with docks.—
a
system did not comprehend the plan of bonding
varehouses, which was by fsr the most, beni'ficial part of
the docks. So that it might fairly be assumed that they
were laving out their money, as compared with Liverpool,
in the proportion of one totight ; or, in other words, that
Liverpool
their expenditure would be eight times as valuable as that
such, that they could not • •
the latter port was conibme
at Liverpool.—(Cheers.) The Tlhne
Londonnature otif,ethbeusginroesusodwains
warehousing an
(rse tent
cheering.)
oneri n
g in
combined ; but the cost of the London Docks, which did
mo
not much exceed in power, for landing, shipping, and stor-
ing,accomdation it was intended to have at South
the
anipton, was enormous—lie had not made an estimate, but
from a rough guess lie would say that these Docks must
have
miloliuotnhs,,unon.
and that avGaa
He was sorry to have detained them so long ; but it was
evident that the present undertaking was one which offered
a reasonable hope of ample profit to those who embarked
in it. But, above all, he would add one topic which had
a:oe u cost o s
oft a
thet least
port of s
been so feelingly touched upon by their respected Chair-
manstten
that day. The great saving of humhuman life which it
was likely to produce ; and that was the paramount con-
sideration of all.—( Hear, hear, and cheers.) The great
danger, as all seamen and mercantile men knew,
was between the Isle of Wight and the Thames,
As merchants, they all knew the dangers of the Mersey,
they knew that the dangers of the British Channel were
great, and that the loss of life on that coast was immense.
The port of Southampton was placed upon the sea-board
of the English Channel. He (Mr. H.) hail travelled very
much over the world, and he bad made inquiries of others,
who had also visited other countries, and he believed that
on the face of the globe, there was no situation which pre-
sented such remarkable and peculiar advantages as the port
of Southampton. In the Island of Great Britain, they had
a more marked coast, more estuaries and ports than in any
other part of the world of the same extent, and not one of
these presented the same advantages as Southampton. For
these reasons the docks had been commenced under aus-
pices sufficient to justify the application of money to the
objects they had in view, and be would therefore give them
" Success and prosperity to the Southampton Docks." The
toast was drunk with great enthusiasm.
The CHAIRMAN said the pleasing duty now devolved on
him of reminding them that another most extensise and im-
portant work was in a state of progress, and upon which he
for one was ready most frankly to edmit the prosperity of
their Docks depended. He knew, and he regretted that
it wa • s so, and it was a very common thing for persons to
say that the undertaking to which be alluded would pros-
per equally without the Docks as with them. He re-
gretted that such expressions had been used, for he thought
there was neither much of truth nor of sound judgment in
the declaration.—(Hear.) There was one fact, however, of
which he was assured, that it was a most important national
undertaking- It was one to which he individually wished
every degree of success and prosperity, and he could not
forget that that undertaking and their own were both the
fruits of one conception. It was true that fate in her ca-
price had given birth to the other at an earlier period
than their own foundling, and consequently it was more
rapidly approaching a state of maturity ; but he trusted
there would be on the present occasion but one opinion,
and that they would all join with him most cordially and
most sincerely in wishing the full measure of success to the
London and Southampton Railway.
The toast was drank with great cheering.
Mr. BARNEY, one of the Directors, having been called
upon, returned thanks. He regretted that seine other

Director connected with the Company, who could much
better enter into the details of the undertaking than him-
self, had not been called upon. It appeared to him that
the two undertakings would be productive of mutual benefit
to each other ; and he believed be spoke the sentiments of
the majority of the CoMpany, when he stated that 'they
were all most anxious for the prosperity of the Southampton
Docks.—(Cheers) After somelarther observations, Mr.
B ircey concluded by thanking them for the compliment
they had paid the Railway Company.
The CHAIRMAN wished to advert for a moment-to cir-
cumstances which had transpired that day, which had im-
pressed the minds of himself and his colleagues with emo-
tions and 'sentiments of the most gratify;ng description.
There was a time when the Directors of the Southampton
Dock Company were not held in very high esteem in that
town in which they had passel so happy a day ; but they
must all rejoice that he was now peaking of times gone by.
They rejoiced greatly to find that altered feeling pervading
the minds of the people of Southampton, and that they
had extended to th'em their right- hand of fellowship with
a cordiality which they hal not heretofore enjoyed. The
kindness they had experienced that day was quite sufficient
to banish from their memories the treatment they had met
with on a former occasion ; and he took that oppor-
tunity of offering, on behalf of his colleagues and him-
self, their cordial and grateful thanks to the Worshipful
Mayor and every other member of the Corporatiou of
Southampton.—(Loud cheers.) They rejoiced greatly to
find that his Worship deemed them as a body worthy of
his countenance and friendly attention. Perhaps it would
not be assuming too much if he gave him credit for a con-
siderable portion of the change that had taken place.—
( Hear, hear.) Whether he was correct or not, of this he
was assured, that a total and complete alteration in the
state of public feeling had been manifested towards them
that day. The formidable opposition that formerly existed
had dwindled down to only three opponents.—(Great
cheering and laughter.) He rejoiced at this, because in
ther large and beautiful town he hoped to spend many
happy days with his family ; and he rejoiced that an oppor-
tunity had been afforded him that day of adding to the
numbar of his personal acquaintances, and he hoped he
might be allowed to add to his personal friend!.
On the d iy when the Dock-gates would be opened for the
reception of vessels, it was his intention to come and reside
among them ; and he would not come alone, for he had
friends in distant parts of the country who felt, powerful])
and potently, the attractions of Southampton, and who
had declared that be should not enjoy a monopoly of them.
—(Laughter.) But to return to the teast. He would
now beg of them to join him. with the utmost cord wiry, in
(Finking the lr‘alth of the Worshipful Mayor and the Cor-
poration of Southampton.—(Much cheering.)
The MAYOR returned thanks. It gave him peculiar
gratification that the foundation-stone of these magnificent
Docks had been laid during his Mayoralty. It was also
gratifying to him that another most important undertaking
had been opened during the same period ; and he was sure
that with her Docks and her Railway, Southampton would
become a town of such importance as her warmes!

friends never contemplated. At one time it enjoyed the
advantages of a large export and import trade,-
but that was very many years ago, and it had since shrunk

into comparative contempt and insignificance. Mr. Heath-
field had very ably pointed out to them the causes which
had operated to produce these results, but the curtain had
arisen—the foundation-stone of the Docks had been laid—
an] he saw before them, what he hoped would be speedily
realized, a flood of commerce which would bring pro,perity
to their town, and which would exhibit to them the flags
of a thousand nations floating in their river, and the usa-
less piece of mud which the tide of ages had rolled over,
converted into something which would be beneficial to man-
kind. Their worthy Chairman, when laying the founda-
tion-stone, had adverted to the saving of human life which
would be effected—his sentiments did honour to him, b. nd he
was certain that with such good and Christian feelings
their undertaking would progress, and the great God would
bless it.—(Much cheering.) The people of Southampton
owed a deep debt of gratitude to the gentlemen who were
about to carry these great objects into effect, and he there-
fore begged to propose, in a full bumper, " the health of the
Chairman and the Dirtctors of the Southampton Dock
Company."

Mr. LIGGINS returned thanks. On the part of himself
and his colleagues he begged to return them his most
griteful acknowledgments for the compliment that had
been paid them. He received the marks of attervicn with
which they had been honoured that dav as an assurance of
what they might expect when he ana many others like
him might become residents of their town.
The CHAIRMAN shortly afterwards rose, and observed
that the acknowledgments of the Directors and Proprietors
of the Dock Company were due to a large number of indi-
viduals, whom he had now the pleasure to see around him,
and at their head stood the Gallant Admiral on his right
hand.—(Cheers.) They felt that a considerable degree of
splendour had been added by their presence, to the inte-
resting ceremony which bad occupied them that day ; and
they felt that the foundation-stow, with their aid, and as-
sistance, and cooperation, had been laid in a much better
manner than they could have done it themselves.—(Cheers.)
Ile could not sufficiently express the gratification they felt
at the generous manner in which the Hon. Baronet had
stepped forward to offer his as,istance on the present occa-
sion, nor could he omit returning- his acknowledgments to
the United Brethren of free and accepted Mssons, for the
cordial manner in which they had co-operated with him.
He trusted the time was not far distant when they should
be happy to put their kind sort ices into requisition again.
He was most aaxioas, when their first Dock was opened,
to have a ship of his own brought in, but he understood
that he would be disappointed, for a ship was about to be
built on purpose, called the Southampton, which would be
ready before the Dock-gates, and which would pluck the
laurel from his brows.—( Laughter and cheers.) After pro-
nouncing a handsome culogium upon the Gallant Admiral,
the Chairman gave—
" Sir Lucius Curtis, Provincial Grand Master, and the
United Brethren of Free and Accepted• Masons."
Sir L.CURTIS returned thanks in an appropriate manner.
The next toast given was " The Earl of Yarborough,
Provisional Grand Master of the Isle of Wight and Com-
mander of the Royal Yacht Squadron."
•

Tile Earl of YARBoaouGli raurned thanks.
The following toasts were afterwards given :
" The Rev. Mr. Brookfield, Provincial Grand Chaplain
of the Clergy."
" The Engineer, F. Giles, Esq."
" Tile Legal Advisers of the Company."
" The Mover of the Resolution of the 30th of August."
" The Freedom of the Press," &c. &c. &c.

The Company did not separate till a late hour, and all
'patties appeared highly delighted with the proceedings of
the day and the festivities with which they had been followed.
