TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.

Sin,—You will be glad to hear that a requisition more
numerously
signed than any heretofore known in the county
Stafford, has induced the High Sheriff to convene a
county meeting on the 25th instant. Among the signa-
tures arc many of the names of the most influential of the
county gentry, and the largest land owners ; some of the
Clergy also have signed the requisition. I need hardly say,
the object of the meeting is to express confidence in the pre.
sent Govei nment, and to implore his Majesty to continue
the services of his present Ministers to the country at the
prerent eventful crisis. Here as in every other county, the
great bulk of the people are Reformers ; the Clergy as a body,
are averse to change, and cloak their opposition to the
late 13111 under the pretext of its being of too sweeping a
nature to meet their moderate views but no matter,
it
the Bill had gone so far as the disfranchisement of one bo-
rough only, it would have equally met with their abuse.
The time is fast arriving when no Clergy, no Borough_
mongers, no House of Lords will avail in bolstering up
the old system of patronage Government. " Salus pub-
lics suprema lex esto." You will hear in due time of the
proceedings at the meeting at Stafford, and whether there
Is any truth in the rumour so kindly circulated by Anti.
Reformers, that the people in the country are getting tired
of the Reform question.—Your obedient servant,
Oct. 17. A STAFFORDSHIRE MOORLANDLR.

friends of the people.
3. That an address, founded on the above resolutions, and
signed by the Mayor on behalf of this meeting, be presented to
his Majesty.
4. That the Mayor and the Members of the City be requested
to present the address to his Majesty.
5. That the grateful acknowledgments of this meeting be pre-
sented to the only Prelates who voted in favour of the Bill,
namely, the Bishop of Norwich, and our fellow-citizen, the
Bishop of Chichester.
6. That our most cordial thanks be presented to the Right
Worshipful the Mayor, for his kindness in calling and presiding
over the present meeting, and for the steady consistency he has
ever manifested in maintaining and supporting the rights and
interests of his fellow-citizens.
ISAAC WISEMAN, Esq. proposed the following Address to
his Majesty, which was seconde,l by Mr. SAMUEL
RICHARDSON, and unanimously c irried :
" TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
SIRE,—We, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the
inhabitants and electors of Norwich, in Common Hall assembled,
approach your Majesty with sentiments of grateful esteem and
attachment for the firmness and patriotism displayed by your
Majesty in promoting the happiness of your people, by calling to
your councils Ministers who have proved themselves worthy of,
and who emir ently possess, our unabated confidence.
" And we humbly beg leave to represent to your Majesty our
entire persuasion that the continuance of those Ministers in theit
important stations at the present critical period is indispensable
to the maintenance of public tranquillity.
" We therefore earnestly intreat your Majesty to employ such
constitutional means as your Ministers may advise, to accom-
plish the passing of that great national measure, " The Bill to
amend the Representation of England and Wales,"or some other
measure equally efficient, being deeply convinced that such a
legislative act is absolutely necessary to promote the peace and
prosperity, and to restore the rights and liberties of your people.
After cheers for the King, the Ministers, the 150 Peers
in favour of the Bill, Reform, and groans for the Bishops,
the meeting, which was never equalled here in any respect,
very quietly dispersed.

HALIFAX, OCT. 17, 10 r. m.
I have just attended the most numerous meeting of the
Halifax Political Union ever before held. The proceed-
ings were extremely peaceable, and an address to the King,
praying him to retain in his service the present Ministry ;
a memorial to Earl Grey, encouraging him to be firm ;
and an address of thanks to the Duke of Sussex, and the
patriotic minority in the House of Lords, were voted un-
animously, and amidst great enthusiasm. Several of the
speakers remarked with great severity upon the conduct
of the Bishops, and the manner in which these sentiments
were received evinced how deep is the feeling in the
public mind against those dignitaries of the church. It
had been arranged that M. Storks, jun. Esq. (son of the
gentleman who offers in opposition to Charles Wood,
Esq. son-in-law of Earl Grey) shou!d take the Chair, but
I believe the violent conduct of the Manchester Radicals,
which is much deprecated here by Reformers of all classes,
had frightened him. The post is about to close, and I
have not time to write more.

BOLTON, OCT. 17.
(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
As the time approached for commencing the business of
the meeting, considerable crowds of people began to as-
semble in the immediate vicinity of Bradford-square.
About half-past ten o'clock a tolerable large number of
the residents on Bolton Moor came in a body, having some
flags and banners, with mottos, and headed by a drum and
fife. Among the mottos were the follovving :—" United
and be firm."—" Thou shalt do no murder."—" Eng-
land expects every man to do his duty."—" Britons
be united, and who dare oppose us."—" To the memory
of the massacre at Matto:hinter, on the 16th of Aug. 1819."
—And under this was also the following—" What Last
thou done, thy brother's blood crieth out to me from the
eartb."—On a black flag were the following inscriptions:
—" Moro, but no Peers."—" No parson legislators."—
" Dowa with the boroughtnongers."—" Radical Re-
form."—There were also two tri-coloured flogs, and several
others containing various devices emblematic of liberty.
The party, who were led with the drum and fife, accom-
panied by the banners, then proceeded through the principal
streets of the town to Little Bolton, to conduct their bro-
ther Reformers resident there to the meeting, and did
not return until just before the business of the day com-
menced, which was a few minutes before twelve o'clock.
The number of spectators gradually increased, and at half-
past twelve o'clock, on a moderate computation, there were
6,000 present, and it was obvious, that had an arrange-
ment been made to stop the various workshops in the town
for a few hours, that the assemblage would have been ho-
mense. The Committee had interested themselves to pro-
cure for the workmen such a favemr, and waited upon
several owners of the large cotton• mills and other em
ployers of great bodies of workmen, but we cannot learn
that in any one single instance was the request acceded to.
The business of the meeting was opened by Mr. Brown
proposing that Mr. Peter Staton be appointed Chairman,
which was seconded, and carried unanimously.
The CHAIRMAN then addressed the meeting in an ap-
propriate speech ; after which he read the following reso-
lutions, and while reading them he was interrupted with
cries of " Down with the Bishops." " Down with the

Peersthisls..ll—t a
n
IdAalocyesalfual,lidconfidence i is 1
Majesty,
lac.,
essitnyc,erfiottymatniedd
patriotism of their beloved Sovereign, and pledges itself to sup-
port his Majesty by every means in its power, in his endeavours
to extend civil liberty to all classes of his subjects.
2. That in order to secure peace and contentment amongst the
great body of the people, to maintain public credit, and to revive
national prosperity, a Reform Bill (more. extensive in its details
and provisions than that recently submitted to Parliament by
his Majesty's Ministers, and rejected by a majority of the House
of Peers) ought to be immediately submitted to the Legislature
for adoption.
3. That as the principles of the Constitution declare every in-
dividual who contributes to the maintenance of the State should
have a vote in the choice of his representatives, this meeting is
of opinion that this right can only be fully secured by a House
of Commons, chosen on the broad basis of annual Parliaments,
universal suffrage, and vote by ballot.
4. That this meeting views with indignation and abhorence,
the unchristian conduct of the Lords spiritual in voting for the
Reform Bill, and cannot but express its astonishment that the
professed Ministers of peace should so far forget their sacred
character as to sow the seeds of discord throughout the nation,
thereby placing the lives and property of his Majesty's subjects in
extreme jeopardy.
upon these resolutions, be presented to our most gracious Ma-
testy, by Lord King.
Mr- WALTER. O'Catutor L, in proposing the first reso-
iution, said that at-the present momentous crisis be felt

peared e enough
palpahl that the next Bill that would be
brought forward would fall considerably short of the las.
in the extension of political rights; that its main featuri
would be conciliation towards the aristocracy, and th it it
would be so cut down and despoiled as to suit the Houtt
of Lords, so that it would pass that House. The Housi
of Lords would not pass any Bill that would benefit thi
people ; therefore to prevent the conciliating process, which
it was obviiius was going on betwixt the Ministry and thr
House of Peers, it was the duty of the people, now that
they had beat so contemptuously treated, to claim frost
Parliament more than the lost Bill professed to grant, in-
stead of yielding a tacit assent to a new measure that pro.
posed to give less political right, to be less effective, lest
liberal, and to confer probably a less extended franchis'
. .

than Lord John Russell's Bill.—( Cheers.) Was it the
proper course for the people, the insulted, enslaved people,
now to ask fur or give their support to a Reform Bill that
limited the franchise to ten-pounders?—(No, no.) The
people having now been turned round upon by the higher
classes, with a haughty denial to a most reason ride, conci-
liating, and moderate demand, must assume their propel
station, and tell the King and his Ministers that the measure
of Reform to be now brought forward, instead of beine
contracted, must be expanded in its principles ; that the
Bill must be a more liberal Bill, and that despite or
the proud man's contumely and the rich man's con-
tempt, the people would now have their rights, their
whole rights, and nothing short of the whole of their
rights.—(Loud cheers.) The British people would no
longer be enslaved by the aristocracy; and if that body
conceived that the present agitation which prevailed in
the country would subside, they were much mistaken. The
love of liberty was too deeply rooted to be crushed by
the rejection of the Reform Bill. If the Peers calculated
upon the habitual patience of the people they calculated
wrong, for the people now undersand their rights too well
to relax in their firmness; and whatever the Noble Lords
might think on the subject, though they might lull
themselves with the treacherous hope that time would
work a re-action, yet he believed that a storm was arising
in the land that would cause the Peers to rue the day
when they rejected the Reform Bill.—(Cheers.) It wee
a matter of history, and instructive, inasmuch as it pointed
out the despotic nature of the Peerage, that the Peers hao
not before voted against tie King since the days of the first
Charles, and in doing so now, it was because he had given
toh theissr iewtoiopnlet. The Bishops, who generally were a worldly-
o a measure that was calculated to be of benefit
minded calculating, body, had thrown nearly the whole of
their weight also against the King and the people.—
(Cries of " Down with the Bishops.") For of what
use were they to the country, and what faith could be put
in them as men, and how could they hope for the respect
of the people, when their conduct was so much opposed
to the sacred nature of their office ?—(Cheers, and cries
of " No Bishops.") Let, then, the people shew the
Peerage and the hierarchy that they would not supinely
Bill had been rejected, that the people
relinquish their just and constitutional rights, and that,
now the Ring's
called for, and would have, a Reform more extensive in
its e
tal nature,in its more eompreliebsive in its details, and more
principles,—and one that would alone secure
Peace to the community ; and if the people were firm and
unanimous (which, doubtless, they would be) what
power could stand against them. Then let the people, in
their ardent love of liberty, recollect that, " United, they
stand ; divided, they fall."—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. ST.taxin, as seconder of the second resolution,
must say that he differed from the last speaker isto the conduct of the Lords. That body had an undoubted
respect
right to reject the Bill if they chose--(Mursiurs)—and
he for one thanked the Lords for rejecting the Bill. They
knew well that the Bill would not satisfy the people.—
(A voice said, " Was that their motive for rejecting it?")
De (the speaker) contended that it was a worthless Bill.
Did it give him (the speaker) any privilege ? No, not a
single one. The Ministers had stood upon very weak
ground in btinging into Parliament the late Bill, which
bad been called a sweeping Bill ; sweeping it certainly
was, as it swept away the rights and privileges of the
poor electors under the present system to give them to the
101. householders. What had Brougham said in respect
to this much lauded Bill ? lie who went down upon his
bonded knees to the Bishops, a set of wicked tyrants, and
implored them to pass the Bill. He said that it would
extend the franchise to the wealth of the country; that is,
to the middle classes. The policy of this measure was then
to cement the middle classes to the Whig Ministry, and
the reward for their support would be a share of the loaves
and fishes; and Lord Brougham knew as well as any man
that, the support of the middle classes thus obtained, would
enable the Government to make mi more effective stand
against the people ; and that they had plenty of slaves,
working men like himself, under them, whom they
would keep down. He therefore contended that the
Lords had rejected a Bill that would never have
effected any gund for the people, and, in doing so, he cared
not from what motives, they had only done an act of jus-
tice. lie contended it was an insult to use the terms
wealth and middle classes as synonymous. The middle
classes produced no wealth ; nor yet did the aristocracy ;
it was the people—the I:alarming people—who produced
i wealth, in fret, the reala staple of the
t country.jn the
rig
knad
And and le
were excluded from any partici-
pationhts imparted by the Reform Bill. His ad-
vice to the people was to be steady, and never to rest con-
tent until they had obtained their rights.—(Cheers.)
Mr. JOHN DEGAN said that he had long held the opi-
nion that every man ought to possess a vote in the choice
of the representatives of the n ation ; and, though he held
this opinion, yet he quite disagreed with the last speaker,
when he said that, by supporting the late Reform Bill,
we should be signing our rights away. He thought it
was rather too great a stretch of reasoning,
to may that

Mr. THOMAS THORNLEY said the great and important
question was whether the people of England would submit
to be in the hands of the 101. householders, or in the
lands of the boroughmongering faction—and whether
they would or would not have their rights?—.(Cheers, and
Ties of" We will have our rights.") Then if they would
inve their rights, they must have a better Bill, as the re-
.eeted Bill, in his opinion, was not calCulated to enfran-
.thise the people, but to fetter the chains of slavery still
•;a,ter. It had been the fashion to tell them that the interests
of the In kid lean d lower classes were inseparable, and a previous
.peaker had supported this view. He would examine this doc-
trine of inseparable interests, and see how it worked. Look at
he inseparable interests in 1808 in their own town, when
the weavers were seeking in the most peaceable manner to
,htain a proper remuneration for their labour. The middle
Lasses accoutred themselves with sharpened swords,
mounted their steeds, and cut them down at what was
•alled the
_flash fight ;—the same conduct was pursued by
the middle classes towards the people on the 16th of Aug.
1819; at Manchester; and in Bolton again, in 1830, in
.vhat was called the spinner.' turn-out. The employers at-
.empted to reduce wages to a starvation level, and the
middle classes armed themselves with truncheons, attacked

the ppor defenceless turn-out hands, and threw them into
prison. So much for the doctrine of inseparable
nrerests between the 10/. voters and the people.

He agreed with the sentiment, that to make more Peers
vas to make more oppressors ; and instead of supporting
he King in such an exercise of his prerogative, the recent
conduct of the Peers was enough to make any man cry

" Down with the Peers."—(Cheers,and cries of "Amen.")
The boasted Constitution of England would be much more
pure, and much better adapted for the purposes of good
Government, if the Peerage was removed from it ; and
they who some little time ago never gave these matters
thought now thoroughly detested both Lords Spiritual
and Temporal.—(C'heers.) They had shewn that that
,ody were not calculated to form part of the mechanism
for the Government of a free state ; and though pretty
baubles enough, with their rubes and tinsel titles, for
Princes to play with, yet they were not so palatable to
the people, who had to pay for them and their worse than
nselesa pageantry.—(Cheers.) He (the speaker) would
never approach that House again, either by petition or ad-
dress. He would treat them with the same contempt as
they had treated the people; and hereafter would confine
his remonstrances and requests to the King and the Com-

coons.—(Bravo ! " So will we.") They were worse than a
useless body —they were highly mischievous. In the
fear 1648 they were declared injurious and useless,
and the people of the present day had arrived at the
same conclusion. He could never recollect one single
time, or one single instance, in which they showed them-
selves of the least utility ; and those persons who could,
were either better read or had better memories than he
had. If the Ministry would bring forward a measure to
dispense with the Peerage, as in France, they would have
the support of the people, and the will of the people now
was law.—(Cheers.) The people wanted nothing unrea-
sonable—nothing that would disorganise society ; they
were actuated in their views by the golden rule, " Do
unto others as ye would they should do unto you ;" but
when all attempts at improvement were insultingly re-
pelled, let not the people be blamed if they hardened is
their demands : the blame rested with their oppressors,
and not with them. He would stand by his King and the
people.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. JOHN ASTON, in moving the third resolution, ob-
served that the last speaker had said that no man who was
a friend to his country would support the rejected Reform
Bill. Now he considered himself as great a friend to the
liberties of his country as any man, and he had supported
the late Reform Bill of his Majesty's Ministers; he con-
ceived that the evils which bad so long afflicted the country
had been brought upon it by a desperate, a monstrous, and
a corrupt Government; and as the Bill alluded to was,
in his opinion, calculated to make an inroad into those
corruptions, he had given it his support. He had always
been the undi.gui,ed supportar of annual Parliaments, uni-
versal suffrage, and vote by ballot ; and it was with a view of
ultimately attaining this end lie had consented to the rejected
Bill. It mightbe said that it was inconsistent in him,who had
always gone the full length of Radical Reform, to sup-
port a Bill which limited the franchise to ten-pound
householders, but this he denied ; he had merely sup-
ported a Bill brought in by Ministers, which went much
farther than he ever anticipated, as a step towards gaining
real Radical Reform. This was the reason, and no other,
why he had supported Lord John Russell's Bill.
He did not agree with the last speaker, that the
middle classes were the enemies of the lower classes ;
he did not think the object of Ministers in bringing
in the Reform measure was to cement a union
between the middle and the higher classes against the
lower classes, the idea was preposterous. He would now
hisspeaker,
come more immediately to the terms of the resolution
which he held in his hand. The first part stated, " that
according to the principles of the British Constitution
every individual who contributed to the maintenance of
the State was entitled to a vote in the choice of his re.
upgrerseeendtant,ii‘t.lei.".l%l;
him,
TthPainea
atthe right t ()vote for'
the
represen-
tative was every man's birth-right, and his person was his
title-deed"—(Cheers)—and the Bill of Rights declared
that " no man should be taxed without his consent."—
s) and
be
(Cheers.) Tile next portion of the resolution referred to
" Universal suffrage, annual Parliaments, and vote by
ballot;" and it further stated that the rights of the people
could only be secured by having a House of Commons chosen
upon this broad basis. In this opinion he perfectly coincided.
Withrespect to annual Parliaments, he had heard them
objected to on the ground that they would produce annual
confusion : and by many well-intentioned Reformers tt i-
ennial Parliaments were recommended. He (Mr. A.)
did not complain much of triennial Parliaments ; but
although Lord Brougham had lent the sanction of his great
name in support of triennial Parliaments, yet it could not
he denied that it were better to be able to get rid of a
villain, or a blockhead at the end of one year, than
have him fastened upon us for three.—(Loud cheers.)
He would next say a few words in favour of the much-

Aimed rote by ballot. He knew that many Honoorabies
and Right Honourable' were opposed to the ballot ; but
he was certain that their arguments could easily be re-
fated by any weaver on Bolton-moor.—(Laughter.)
It was remarkable that Hon. Gentlemen who were so out-
rageously
violent against voting by ballot at elections for
Members of Parliament, eheuld submit to the plan with
such amiable complacency in their private clubs. And
how did they justify this conduct ? -Because it spared .
them the mortification of breaking openly with some Mend,
whose virtues they admired, but whose frailties they could
not entirely overlook._(Cheers.) And if this is deemed
a sufficient excuse for the man of independent property to
conceal his real feelings, how much more powerful a motive
must impel the honest, industrious mechanic to call for the
protection of the ballot, in order that he may vote conscie'
tiously, when he knows that if be dared to give his suffrage
in opposition to his master's will, no matter however great
the villain he is called on to support, his wife and helpless
fareil7 would be doomed to certain starvation.---(Loud
cheers.) Mr. A. concluded by earnestly exhorting the
people to be firm and united, and to endeavour, as much as
possible, to cultivate a good understanding with the middle
desk,.
Mr. DA "ID FRANCE seconded the resolution, which
was put and carried unanimously.
Mr. JOHN O'Brstxte rose to move the fourth reso-
lution, and said that it had for object neither more nor
less than to draw down the disapprobation of the
meeting on the heads of the Lords in lawn
sleeves, and this might probably be the means of drawing
down upon himself the fiery indignation of the Right Rev.
Bench, from whom he could never expect to receive a
certificate to enable him to enter the regions of bliss.—
(Cheers.) But regardless of their power to drive him
front the pale of the Church, he would assert in the lan-
guage of the resolution be had to propose, that by the re-
jection of the Reform Bill they had done an act which
had placed the lives and properties of a great portion of
his Majesty's subjects in the greatest jeopardy.—(Cries of
" They have, down with therm") Those proud Prelates
appeared to consider the middle and lewer dame as of no
consequence in the scale of society, and had arregeted to
themselves the right of deciding against the united wishes
of millions of their fellow subjeettu they seemed to breathe
defiance against kith ,thd head of their own Church and
the people, and cried out in all the haughtiness of inflated
pride, " We alone are.the great bulwark of the nation"—
hut, (said the speaker) I will thew yea by historical
facts, that there is no confidertee in Bishops. At the time Lady
Jane Grey was proclaimed Queen of these realms, Dudley
Earl of Northumberland raised an army to °ppm; the pre-
tensions of Queen Mary and Philip of Spain, and so great
was his confidence in the Bishop', that he procured him-
self to be ordained a Bishop.—(Laughter.) This coming
to the ears of the soldiery, they, in imitation of their cow-
moodet, refused to fight, unless they were made Bishops
also.—(Loud laughter.) Dudley remonstrated, but it was
useless—Bishops they would-be, and Bishops they were
made—(Laughter)—and every man marched to the sea
coast an ordained Bishop.—(Renewed laughter.) Bet
mark the sequel. Queen Mary landed and proceeded to
Oxford; and what did the new-made Bishops do? Did
they march to Oxford and drive her out? No; all the
new Bishops ran away, and their military Pope, Dudley,
drank to the health of Queen Mary until he was drunk.
—(Loud laughter.) Therefore it would be useless to place
confidence in the Bishops—they must be driven from their
temporalities, and their services confined to their proper
sphere. It had been said by some one, that the King
had not power to unship the Bishops ; this he de-
nied, for they were first made by an Act of Parlia-
ment in Queen Elizabeth's reign, and to a certainty
an Act of Parliament would unmake them.—(Cries
of " Down with them.") The Scripture says, " Woe
unto them that withhold the corn from the poor ;" yet
these vaunted successors of the Apostles voted for the corn
laws.—(Cries of " They did—no tithes.") He wished
those frienas who now heard him to recollect that all
Bishops were not alike, and, that in former ages, Stephen
Langton forced Magna Charm from the truant John ; and
in our days the venerable and venerated Bishop of Nor-
wich was ever foremost in the bellowed work of charity
and liberty. But what had been the conduct of the pre-
sent Archbishop of Canterbury, as contrasted with that of
Langton ? Why, that the one procured for this nation
the great charter of her liberties, whilst the other, not
content with raising his voice against the restoration of
those liberties, had actually withheld the proxy of the
Archbishop of 'York, who was friendly to the measure of
Reform introduced by his Majesty's Ministers.
Mr. Join. M'QUIRE seconded the resolution, and en-
tered into a bitter philippic against the Bishops.
Mr. RICHARD STARKIE declared that, in his opinion,
the recent conduct of the Bishops proved that glittering
gold was their god, and not the God of Heaven.
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
Mr. DAVID FLOYD moved the fifth resolution, which,
being seconded by Mr. FINLAY FRAZER, was carried una-
nimously.
Mr. W. WIYHERINGTON then rose, and submitted a
motion to the meeting, " That the Political Council, con-
nected with the Bolton Political Union, do attend the Ses-
sions.room, on Monday evening next, at six o'clock, for
the purpose of re establishing a Union, on the same prin-
ciples as the National Union in London is conducted."
Mr. Joust DEGAW seconded the motion.—Carried una-
nimously, amidst loud cheering.
Three cheers were then given fir the Kiag, three for
Radical Reform, three for Henry Hunt, Esq., and three
tremendous groans for the Bishops, after which the meet-
ing separated peaceably.
The proceedings of the day were conducted in a very
orderly manner, and the different speakers were listened
to with the greatest attention.
The address is an echo of the resolutions, and is soucbed
n very respectful language.

BATTLE.—On Friday, the 14th inst., a
public meeting of the inhabitants of Battle was convened,
for the purpose of declaring their opinions respecting the
defeat of the Reform Bill in the House of Lords. Sir
GODFREY WEBSTER, Bart., took the Chair, and in a long
and admirable speech exposed the tricks of the isoroughs
mongers and tax-eaters, condemned the Bishops for not
manifesting more sympathy towards the people, and pointed
out, in a c'ear and forcible manner, the inconsistency of
their holding seats in the House of Lords. This part of
the Hon. Baronet's speech was received with the most
deafening cheers. He concluded by encouraging the people
to he firm in adhering to their rights, and exhorted them
to preserve order and tranquillity. The Rev. J. Tsrux
moved the first resolution in a speech of considerable ability.
He was followed by several other gentlemen.
ASHBURTON.—On the 13th inst. a very
numerous meeting of the inhabitants of this town, which,
it should be remembered, was placed in schedule B, was
held in the chapel of St. Lawrence. Mr. Genus, the
Portreeve, in the Chair. An address to his AiAJEISTY
was unanimously adopted, similar in spirit to those agreed
on in other parts of the country. The following vote of
thanks to the representatives of the borough, who both
supported the Reform Bill, was adopted with acclama-
tions :—" That the thanks of this meeting are justly due,
and are hereby given, to our highly respected Members,
Mr. POYNTZ and Colonel TORREMS, for their able eenduct,
unwearied exertions, and nnrernitted attendance in the
House of Commons during the arduous and severe struggle
by which the Reform Bill was at length triumphantly
carried through that Honourable House."
WORCESTER, OCT. 17.--ResBCtion 1.
The
petitions to the last Parliament from this city in favour of
" The Bill" were signed by about 1,800. The late peti-
tion to the Lords, praying them to pus " The Bill," was
signed by 2,200. This day there are sent to the Ktxc
and to the Ministers addresses in behalf of " The Bill,"
signed by upwards of 5,000 citizens of Worcester. Verily
here is re-action ! A county meeting is to be held the
latter end of the week ; a reqstisitiou at least is signing by
the Magistrates, assembled is quarter session, to the High
Sheriff to call one, and we all know the Sheriff is a zealous
Reformer. You will have beard of the Indicrona affair at
Tewkesbury, how the Anti-Reform corporation were
locked up, and their dinner devoured (a sere thing
for an Alderman) by the people. It is, however,
much feared that there may be some riot of the
kind here on Friday next, if the dinner to Colonel
LycoN, our ex-county Member, be persevered in. The
Tories are doing all in their power to create some distur-
bance. Many of the yeomen have seat their resignation
to the Earl of PLYMOUTH, their commander, in dread of
some provoked riot on that day. On that same day, too,
evidently for the same purpose, it has been ostentatiously
given out that Dr. CARR will make his entrance. Now
the feelings of the populace are much excited against the
Bishops, especially against Dr. CARR ; the very walls of
his cathedral are chalked over with " Judas Iscariot,
Bishop of Worcester ;" and unquestionably his reception
here will be as warm as his parting from Chichester, if
they confine themselves to effigies. If there is any dis-
turbance here on Friday, blame the Tories for it.
DIPLOMATIC EVASION.--Madame DE
STAEL once asked Prince TALLEY/LAND, " Suppose that
young lady and myself were to fall into the eater, which
wouldma tiet you
fiit
extricated
either his gallantry or sincerity 11 replying,
" Oh, .114 dame, you would swim too well to run any risk
of drowning."
first savehi fromlf from rotot
ei n
cui Ttylse without wary dip
com-
promisinglo
