NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

PLYMOUTH, JULY 10.—The Supply naval trans-
port, and the Lively dock-yard lighter, arrived on
Monday with three hundred men from the Coast
Blockade Service, to join the Britannia.
The Pearl, 20, Commander Blake, and Arrow,
cutter, arrived on Monday from Portsmouth, with
two hundred of the Royal Marine Artillery.
The left wing of the Royal Marine Artillery,
under the command of Captain Parry, which arrived
here on Monday on board the Pearl and Arrow, are
gone on board the Diadem hulk, to remain there
until the Britannia is ready to receive them.
Lieut. Coates, of this town, is appointed Super-
intendant of the Ordinary at Greenhithe.

The Rev. E. Brice is appointed Chaplain of the
Ordinary at Portsmouth; and the Rev. J. Surridge,
to be Chaplain of the Ramillies in the Downs.
Mr. Wm. Oldrey, a native of this town, is pro-
moted to the rank of Commander, R.N.
The Britannia will go out of harbour on the 26th
inst. to join the Prince Regent, which is to come
here from Portsmouth, for the purpose of making
an experimental cruise. Their Royal Highnesses
the Lord High Admiral and the Duchess of Clarence
will go on board the Britannia on the occasion, to
the Sound.

Commander Tucker, son of B. Tucker, Esq. of
Trematon-castle, is appointed to the Semiramis, on
the Cork station.

Commander Stephen Lushington to the Etna;
Commander James Thorne to the Barham; Com-
mander Joseph O'Brien, Espiegle; Commander F.
Blair, Fairy ; Commander C. R. Drinkwater, Fer-
ret; Commander J. J. A. Duntze, Heron; Com-
mander G. W. Courtenav, Magnificent. Lieut. Sir
T. Paisley, Bart. to be Flag-Lieutenant to Sir Putt.
Malcelm ; Lieut. J. G. Raymond to the Fairy;
Lieut. J. L. N. Sealey, Ocean.
The Chanticleer and Hecla, surveying ships, ar-
rived at the Canary Islands on the 20th May. The
Satellite sloop of war, Captain Laws, arrived at the
Mauritius on the 21st of February. The Briton ar-
rived at Madeira from St. Michael's Ist June, and
sailed on the 2d for Teneriffe. The Harpy arrived
at ditto, from this port, on the sth June, and sailed
on the 7th for Jamaica. The Bramble cutter ar-
rived at Lisbon on the 22d ult.

The New Hope, Gardiner, from this port, arrived
at Elsineur 29th June. The Robert, Latter, from
this port, arrived at St. Petersburgh 16th June.
The Woodpark, Ackhurst, of this port, from Lon-
don and Madeira, arrived at Demerara May Bth.
The Priscilla, Mitchell, of this port, from Quebec,
has arrived at Cork, and the Elizabeth, Johnson, at
Padstow.

NAVAL APPOINTMENTS DURING the QUARTER.

Vice-Admiral Sir Pultenev Malcolm to command in the
Mediterrhnean.

CAPTAINS—W. J. H. Johnstone, Asia ; J. W. Mon-
tague, Crocodile ; .T. Campbell, Druid ; H. Stuart, Glou-
cester ; Hon. R. C. Spencer, Royai Sovereign (yacht) ;
W. F. Martin, Samarang ; Mr. F. F. Berkeley, Semira-
mis; Sir R. Grant, Tyne; W. Sandoms, Valorous; Hon.
D.P. Bouverie, Windsor Castle.

COMMANDERS—S. Lushington, Etna (bomb) ; H.
Smith (a), Arachne ; P. Salmond, Asia; J. Thorne,
Barham; W. Blight, Britannia ; J. O'Brien (b), Espiegle;
F. Blair, Fairy ; J. Pole, Falcon ; C. R. Drink_
water (act.), Ferret ; J. Jones, Gloucester ; R. H. Stan-
hope, Helicon ; J. A. Duntze, Heron ; C. W. Courtney
(act.), Magnificent; C. Bentham, Mosquito; G. C.
Blake, Pearl; Tucker, Semiramis; H. Gossett, Sla-
ney ; T. Ogle, Spartiate; J. Wilson, Victory; Hon. W.
Wellesley, Wasp; T. E. Hoste, Weazle; J. Kingcome,
Wellesley ; Hay don, Windsor Castle.
LIEUTENANTS TO COMMAND—H. W. Bishop, Manly;
W. Downey, Plover; E. S. Johns, Speedwell; W. Ush-
erwood, Surly ; J. Goldie (a), Swan ; C. Jones (a),
Vigilant.

LIEUTENANTS—B. W. Walker, tEtna ; H. B. Richards,
W. S. Thomas, and S. Sawbridge, Asia ; J. W. Tomlin-
son, Badger ; 'W. F. M. Tollemache, G. B. Trevanion
(act.), Barham ; H. Goold, Britannia ; T. E. Hodder,
Clio ; A. Plymsoll, M. T. Hare, and J. L. Fitzgerald,
Crocodile ; L. Halliday, Dryad ; W. Crooke and T. Hope,
Falcon ; S. R. Watts, Ferret ; C. Leach and T. N. Moore,
Ganges ; R. Ingram, J. Hacket, W. R. Ward (a), F.
Patten, and E. Lake, Gloucester ; T. E. Smith, Heron ;
J. W. Finch, T. Jager, H. James, A. Buchanan, G.
Pretyman, H. Courtney, W. H. Geary, and J. H. Web-
ber (sup.), Hyperion ; J. E. Rivett, Magnificent ; W.
Shortland, Melville ; J. C. Fuller (act.) and E. Bul-
ler (act.), l%lenai ; J. N. Sealey, Ocean ; J. Billingsby,
and J. Gordon (c) Pearl ; W. Kelly, and C. Sergeant-
son, Prince Regent ; W. Luce, E. Lichmore, G. Jackson,
W. Forrester, C. Edmunds, G. Mason, and T. L. Massie,
(sup.) Ramillies ; Hen. E. Gore (Flag Lieutenant to the
Lord High Admiral), Royal Sovereign yacht; W. Asp-
heard, G. Beaufoy, and R. Hussey, Samarang; C. Wi-
tham, W. B. M. Clintock, and A. H. C. Capel (Flag
Lieut.), Semiramis ; W. H. Hallowell, Tyne ; J. Shirer,
Valorous; R. Stay, Victor ; W. D. Rees, Victory; E.
Wylde and T. L. Gooch, Wellesley; T. Ball, C. Basden,
T. Frazer, T. D. Stewart, and C. Richards, Windsor
Castle ;C. R. Watson, Zebra. _ _

MASTERS—J. Pascoe, Hope ; J. B. Brissick, Pearl ;
T. Withenberg, Procris ; R. Yule, Semiramis; J. Brem-
ner, Surly; R. Stewart, Swan ; Wrn. Scott, Windsor
Castle ; R. H. Osborne, Zephyr.
SURGEONS—J. Stewart (a) act. Asia; J. Veitch (c),
Crocodile ; J. W. Reid, Druid ; A. S. Allen, Falcon ; T.
Robertson (a), Gloucester; W. F. O'Kane, Harpy; H.
Baillie, Hyperion ; J. Patton, T. Barnes (sup.), Maid-
stone; W. Thompson (b), Ocean ; R. Allen, Pearl ; B.
Dickson, Samarang ; A. Linton, Scylla; J. Urquhart,
Semiramis; B. Browning, Talbot; R. Power, Tweed;
J. Rutherford, Windsor Castle.

ASSISTANTS—P. Coleman, Bramble ; S. W. Jewel, R.
Holden (sops.), Britannia ; J. Lawson, Crocodile ; W.
Gunn, Falcon; W. Craig, Frolic; J. Chrichton, J. Miller
(sups.), Ganges; •V. Craig (b), Gloucester; A. Ander-
son (sup.), Hussar ; J. M'Allister (sup.), Hyperion ; J.W.
M'Donnel, Isis ; J. M'Master, Pearl ; J. Charters, Peli-
can ; J. Robertson (b), Pike ; C. D. Keane, Pylades; T.
Scott, Ramillies ; E. Leah, Royal George ; W. Kent,
Samarang ; S. Wallace, S. W. Lincher (sup.), Semira-
mis ; J. Read, Skylark ; D. Deas, Spartiate ; R. W.
Wilson (sup.), Sybille ; G. W. Pritchard, Trinculo ; 0.
Evans, Valorous; J. J. Stewart, Victory; J. Walker,
'V igilant ; J. Riordan and J. Dove, Windsor Castle.
PURSERS—J. Sparshot, Crocodile ; J. Dennis, Fal-
con ; J. W. Nobt.s, Gloucester ; 11. Tucker, Icarus; C.
0. Davis, Pearl ; W. Harrison, Procris ; M. C. Stephens,
Samarang ; J. Elliott, Semiramis; J. Jacobs, Windsor
Castle.

CHAPLAINS—C. W. Dodd, Dartmouth ; W. Johnson,
Semiramis ; A. Rogers, Sybille; J. Briggs, Windsor
Castle.

ROYAL MA RlNES—CaptaillS. —J. Wilson, Barham;
T. Peebles, Gloucester : S. Shallock, Melville ; W. Laurie,
Prince Regent ; J. Fleming, Windsor Castle.

We are happy to hear that the gaols through-
out the country, for the most part, present a less number
of prisoners for the approaching Assizes than usual.—
Brighton Gazette.

A great quantity of very fine mint, and what
is denominated stone coalculin, are now raising on the
eesqtiaiatl, e of
if W. g.
peSs.uTNr-iro rrir, E Fillhead, near Bideford,
former meets with a r,
odtooya;anre,bartoutghehret from Nsiervaelersai
kilns in the neighbour The
eiai
; and the latter is found to an-
swer well for drying malt, gm —Exeter Alfred.
sportingNT--Awoceldrtalin
ihalf-
payACal‘pitalirn,riw'AellßkYaoMw:
undertaken for a wager, to play Lis -ate-y
bagpipe, and travel on foot,
period,
through the principal towns and cities in limited
Ireland..• The
conditions have been agreed to, and
within the
a lgireat Highland
the preliminaries
signed, that, instead of a cap and feathers, his head is to be
hid under a broad blue Kilmarnock, with aribbon attached
behind. The stock is to be replaced by a common cotton
neckcloth ; his fine Holland shirt with one made of striped
cotton, and for regimentals he is to wear a sober suit of
Hodden-grey. His accoutrements are only to consist of a
dirk, with the necessary appendages of knife, fork, and
spoon ; and he is permitted to wear a pair of green spec-
tacles in order that he may minutely reconnoitre the enemy,
and at same time escape detection ; but he is neither to
have a pioneer to clear the road, purveyor td forage, nor
any officer belonging to the commissariat department to
supply him with ammunition, necessaries, or rations; but
to forage solely for himself. He may beg, bat is by no
means allowed to borrow or steal. The sum staked on
this important campaign is, we understand, 5,000!., be-
sides several sums which are pending On the result. He
took the route last week for the sister isle, in one of the
steam-boats, from the Broornielaw.--. Glasgow FreeFress.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, FRIDAY, JULY 11.

Sir H. PARNELL and others brought up the
Sale of Game, India Insolvent Debtors', India Cri-
minal Justice, Disembodied Militia, Holyhead Road,
and various other Bills.

The Duke of GLOUCESTER presented a pe-
tition from Montrose, for the Abolition of Slavery.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY moved the se-
cond reading of the Charing-cress Improvements'
Bill, and the third reading of Irish Constabulary
Amendment Bill.

Lord WHARNCLIFFE gave notice that on
Tuesday next he would move the second reading of
the Game Bill brought up this day.
Earl GREY presented a petition from Berwick-
on-Tweed, stating the great inconvenience that
would result from the suppression of the small
Scotch notes, and praying for a clause to relieve
them from the restriction.

Lord ROSSLYN presented a petition from Wel-
lingborough against the abolition of slavery.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE brought in a standing
order, of which he had given notice, to prevent
members of joint stock companies from being led
into transactions which they did not contemplate.
He moved that the order be printed, and the further
consideration postponed until next Session.
Lord CALTHORPE presented a petition from
Coventry for the abolition of slavery, and gave
notice, that in consequence of an Hon. and Learned
Member not proceeding with his motion on this
subject, he should feel it his duty to bring forward
a motion for discussion in this House on Tuesday
next.

Lord WHARNCLIFFE gave notice that on
Friday next he would ask a question of his Majesty's
Ministers, relative to the duty on Foreign Woo].
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE presented
several petitions, one of which was from Calcutta,
praying that the duty on East India Sugars might
be equalized with those duties which were paid
upon West India produce, and that the duty on
Tea might also be reduced, and the trade with
China be thrown open.
After a few words from Lord CLIFDEN and Lord
CALTIIORPE, the petitions were ordered to be laid on
the table.

The House then adjoined at a Quarter to Six
o'Clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, JULY 11.

The Liverpool Roads Bill was read a third time
and passed.
Mr. LAWLEY presented a petition from ten
thousand of the inhabitants of Birmingham, praying
for the abolition of Slavery.
Mr. LAWLEY also presented a petition, praying
for the repeal of the Small Note Bill, from the Inha-
bitants of Leamington.
Mr. LENNARD presented a petition for the
abolition of Slavery, from the Inhabitants of
Maldon.

Mr. LUMLEY presented a petition from certain
Burgesses of East Retford, praying to be exempted
from the operation of the Bill which was at present
before the House, and that writs might forthwith
issue for the said Borough.
Mr. A. DAWSON presented a petition from the
operative Weavers of Rochdale, praying that the
House would regulate the rate of wages throughout
the manufacturing districts.
Mr.I3ROWNLOW brought in a Bill for Draining
and Improving the Bog and Waste Lands of Ireland..
The Bill was read a first time, ordered to be printed,
and read a second time this day three months.
Mr. SUGDEN brought in a Bill to amend the
Law relating to Illusory Appointments.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from the As-
signees of a person who had claims upon France,
praying for a remedy for the losses sustained.
Mr. Jenner, from the Commissioners for build-
inn. New Churches, presented an account of the
charges, &c. of the Commissioners.
Lord ROBERT MANNERS presented a peti-
tion from Loughborough, and Gaythorn, in favour
of the abolition of slavery.
Mr. GORDON presented a petition from Mr.
Millet, a Magistrate of Berkshire, praying that the
House would pass a law, preventing credit for any
articles which are necessaries of life.

Mr. TENNYSON, and Mr. BENETT, supported the
petition, and expressed a hope that some such mea-
sure would be adopted.
Mr. LUMLEY presented a petition from Wil-
liam Leadbeater, a burgess of East Retford, pray-
ing that he may not be disfranchised. The peti-
tioner (as we understood) stated that he was not
the person of that name engaged in the transactions
of the Election of 1812.

Mr. TENNYSON took this opportunity of stating
that in the Bill introduced by the Hon. Member
sixty-two persons were disfranchised, who, except 39,
were dead.—(Hear, hear.)
After a few words from Mr. CALVERT, the
petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. WOOD presented a petition from Dews-
bury, against the Additional Churches Bill.
Mr. .1. WOOD presented a petition from Mem-
bers of Corporations and others, against the Cor-
porate Funds Bill.
BENETT presented a petition from Malmes-
bury, Wilts, for the abolition of Slavery.
Sir T. ACLAND presented a petition from some
parties in Devonshire, respecting their claims
on the French Government. The Honourable
Baronet said, that as a surplus remained, he thought
it ought to be paid over to the claimants; he recom-
mended the case of the petitioners particularly to the
attention of the Government.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said he was not acquainted with any of the particu-
lars of this case. That there were a great number
of claimants, and it was necessary to adopt some
general rule.
Mr. HART DAVIS made a few observations in
support of the petition, which was ordered to lie on
the table and to be printed. .

Mr. LITTLETON gave notice that early next
Session he would move for leave to bring in a Bill
to exempt Turnpike Acts from fees.
Mr. CHOLMONDELEY presented a petition
from Lincoln, praying for a tax on the importation
of Foreign Wool.
