RENOVATED lIEALTH.

TT has been too _frequently the subje& of just and
general reprobation, that men destitute of the elements of
the meilieal art have oili:red themselves as candidates for
public patronage in the profession of physic.. 1‘ or the. purpose
of doing justice to the resultof our studies and experience, and
to'preverit us toms tieing chased among those empirics whose
imprudent pretensions have,-unfortunately for society, been
toO-favourably received, we beg leave to submit to the liberal
arid enlightened a faithful statement of our ,pursuits and ac.
quiretnerits. After having received a regular medical educa-
tion as the pupils of Messrs. Crioded and Blizard, whose
ledures acid practice we carefully attended, as professors and
surgeons of the London Hospital ; we entered ourselves as
students in that justly celebretedescienot for medical acquire-
heelitettie Royal College of Edinburgh, and were instructed
in the inherent branches of anatomy..surgery, the theory and
vractice of physic, cheinistry,,midwifery, botany, 'ere. &c.
by those eminent' professors, Drs. Munro, Gregory, Black,
fierni:ton. Duncan and Rutherford. • We trust we shall not
Le:deemed presumptuous in saying that our proficiency and
acquirements are not inconsiderable. Having tor a long series
of years made Venereal Complaints, and the various diseases
of Debility, the particular object of our studies and pradice,
it will, we hope, be allowed that we have acquired superior
knowledge of their treatment and cure. In slight and recent
Cases of infettion a perfed re-establishment is completed in
the short period of two days ; and in those of the utmost in-
veteracy, where other practitioners have failed of success, a
proper perseverance in our plan of treatment ensures to the
'patient a safe and radical cure.
Atniiest the melanchrly variety of disorders which are the
effects of 3 habit hang and most unhappily pursued by the
youth of both sexes, there are 'Tile inure alarming or more
distressing than those deficiencies and debilities which fre-
quently prevent, or embitter the matrimonial state. To such
persons it must be a consolation to know that they may now,
by a new and infallible mode oftreatment, he restored to that.
greatest of all, huntaii blessings, a strong, manly, and vigor-
ous constitution. in all 'cases of debility, from whatever
cause arising, as well as in every species of venereal, infedion,
we may be consulted by patients of either sex with thegreat.
est secrecy and honour. tlours of consultation at home from
ten to three, and horn 6 in the evening till in a* night.
Patients in the country toe requestc:t to state the particu-
lars of their case, age, and general habit of living. &c. &c. in.
closing a remittance for advice and medicines, whets the same
will be given, or sent to any part of the kitiedein. To ensure
that secrecy so essential to pur undertaking, the postage of
letters may he added to the account for medicines.
. CtIRRI E and CO. Surgeon!, No. tee, tiatton-garden.
cz Messrs. Currie. and Co. have Certificates from the
above. respectable Protiiesers. of Lund uiand Edinburgh, of
the diligence., skill, and hien•inity, veleii which they per.
formed the duties assigned them during the time they at,
tended their Leduree and J'radice.

Should the tiCivernment of Asturias discover that
any part of the inhabitants take up arms coldly cr
indifferently in defence of the country, let it address
to them those sentiments which the immortal Pa.
LAGS addressed to the Citizens, to his brave eoni.
panions in'areis, when a formidable and cruel ene-
my wished 'to subjugate them to his power :
,
" It is no longer time to deliberate," said this
virtuous and courageous Spaniard, under circum.
cumstauces nearly resembling the present ; " the
nature of our cause, the situation of our affairs, and
those of the enemy, require promptitude and- aelivi.
tv, and that we should not waste o'ir time in useless
deliberation. We arm to re-establish our altars,
our religion, our glories, the liberty of our children,
of our friends, of our country ! to place in safety
the honour and chastity of our wives ; to rid our-
selves of the yoke of a conqueror, base as he is cruel,
who has covered himself with our spoils, and under
whose dread dominion our lives could not boast the
security of a moment. If ever opportunity occurred
to tempt a most glorious enterprise, this is the mo-
ment—this moment in which we are assembled,
utiited, bound together by a chain of interests which
equally concerns all ! Inhabitants of the mountains,
and ye of the vallies ! Hear our determination to
arm, and join yourselves to us... Those even, whom
the love of tranquillity hath hitherto deceived, and
still retained anion the Moors, I now behold ready
to break their fetters, and join those who hasten to
accomplish the great purpose of their struggle. The
Moors in short are occupied with great projects; but
for us, necessity should put an end to indecision, we
have taken the first step, there is no longer time to
retrad already they march against us; while we
hesitate to place ourselves in a disposition to drive
the enemy from our mountains, we shall be surd.-
rounded, we shall have no escape, and we are too
great in number to subsist upon the stinted produce
of bare. and sterile rocks. Come on then;—Goo,
whose cause we support against the enemies of his
name, will fight for us while we fight for him, and
the hand which has punished us because we have
forgotten him, will fortify our arms in a war under-
taken for the honour of his glory ! Let us put our
confidence in the invincible strength of the Almigh-
ty ! I will lead you to battle; I will ever be the
first, and I will-require of you nothing but that of
which I will set you an example."
This harangue, so suitable to the occasion, pro-
duced then the same area as it will produce to-day.
At the voice of PELAGE, all the Asturians took up
arms, each of theft- performed prodigies of valour ;
Cantabria and Galicia severally sent deputies, pray-
ing to be admitted into the Confederation of Astu-
rias ; they were received, their means united, and the
Moors were conquered.

- Three hundred and thirty-nine years afterwards,
Spain had another defender ; this was RODRIGUS
l)lAnn DE BIVAR, a fierce and noble Castilian of the
city of Burgos. This virtuous citizen and gallant
warrior, burning with desire to secure the liberty of
his country, did not hesitate to remonstrate with ani-
mation, in a Council where the King' of CASTILE
himself presided. He said he was ashamed to de-
liberate upon the pretensions of the Emperor HENRY
11.; that the independence of Spain was established
above all titlesi that base Spaniards alone could ad-
mit of its being compromised ; that it should be up-
held eveh at the expence of life, and that he would
declare himself.the enemy of that man who should
advise the King to tarnish its lustre !
If the PRINCE of the PEACE, instead of betraying
his Sovereign and his Country, had had the fore-
sight, the loyalty, or the energy of the two great
men we have just cited, the pretensions of BUONkr•
PARTE, like those of HENRY, would have been
M re-
ceived with indignation. As theoois were, tinidei;
PHILIP, so the French would have .been expelled„.
and Spain would have been saved. What has not
hitherto been done, may yet be *.achiet•ed*; but for
that purpose there must be unanimity among princi-
pals, and a re-union, wisely combinksl, of all our
forces and of. all our means.

Without this concurrence to retain our country's
vi•elfare, without the most resolute courage to drive
from her bosom a cruel and perfidious enemy, like
an enslaved people, we shall lose our fleet, our arse-
nals; oor army will be disbanded or sent into Ger-
many, our militia disarmed, our clergy despoiled and
destroyed, our churches piliaged, our altars profan-
ed, the lands of our griadeei confiscated, our com-
merce mined, our possessions beyond •sea no longer
belbiit:ing to our capital ; the kingdom drained ny
enormous contributions ; Spain, in short, happy and
free `tinder her Kings, will be reduced to the 'most
frighifill slavery:
To avoid igalarnities so dreadful, one only resource

remains to It is to rally round the standard
wnich the Provinces of Galicia and of Asturias have
raised, in defence of religion, of justice, and of ho-
nour. Children of our country !we will be worthy
of ourselves ; let us perpetuate the glory with which
our ancestors are covered : great, like thtm, let us
think no sacrifice too much, when we have our, li-
berties to preserve, the massacre of- our parents, or
&..c friends, to revenge, cur wives and our children
to defend. If, to the shame of the Spanish Nation,
there have been found men, such enemies to them-
telves and to their country, as to hasten to the feet,
'of the tyrant, and prostitute before him their ex-
istence and their rights,' let us nevertheless hope,
that the 'Chiefs of the Spanish League will not, like
Pct-vOc, have to guard against designs such as those
of the Archbishop of Snv 'LLB, who was base enough
to betray his faith, his God, his King, and his Coun-
try. -Let us endeavour to believe, that the great'and
laudable example which the Bishops of °vino() and
of COMi'jSTELLA have afforded, shall be followed,
11,it Cinly by ill those in the kingdom,
.but likets ise
by every member of our respeaable Clergy, secular
and regular, who are alike interesited as the ministers•
of religion, and as good citizens, to punish crimes,
to accelerate the triumph of virtue, and to preserve
Spain from the disgrace and oppression of a foreign
yoke !
Signed by the Members of the Council at Leon,
May 17, 18US. •

11,1 Al LS.
AstaivLn—l Gettenburgh, i Dublin. Dux--t Dublin,
2. Waterford.

PR!CE OF sTocKs
THIE DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols - 691 I Rai. 68.4; I Omnium .

T I-1 E SUN.

g OLEM QUIS DICULL FALSUILI AUDSAT ?

L 0 ND 0 N,

7P.1D4-IY, JULY 1,180 S.

IMPORTANT INTELLIGENCE FROM SPAIN

W 6 have the pleasure of informing our Readers

th.it the Dispatches which have just arrived, from

Spain, bring the most favourable accounts of the

state of affairs in that country. The Paz Schooner,

which carried the Messenger from Viscount 11A--

'cos:, has returned from Gijon, and arrived at Fal-

mouth on Tuesday, and fast night Lieut. BRING

and the Messenger arrived at the Admiralty. The

Bishop of Sr. ANl)lnti), who sent the spirited answer

to the mandate of BUONLPARTE, had put himself at

the head of the Patriots in Asturias, and had obtained

several avdantages over the Enemy. He is a fine,

iritrepid character, in whom his countrymen have

int ire confidence.

Three hundred thousand mon

torn AEturias and Galicia were in full march to

Madrid. It is said, that the, french had dispatched

fourteen thousand men to Cadiz, but that they have

been defeated on the roacl, and most of them de-

stroyed. There were only six thousand French left

at Madrid, and the Patriots wept with a deterrnitia-

Lion to exterminate them. A Proclamation of

Peace between Spain and this Country bad been

issued in Aitnrias, and similar Proclamations

were expe&ed from all the adjoining Provinces.
The Bishop of ST. ANDER°, with the sword in one

hand and the crcs3 in'the other, was animating his

troops, who Indeed were glowing with enthusiasm
in-the cause of their Country. Their chief want is

ammunition, but they had been exhorted by the

Itsh.op to rush upon the Enemy with, the bayonet,
and they had resolved to follow his advice. Every

unmarried man flocks to the patriotic standard, and

the women partake of the enthusiasm of their noun-

trymea. The deliverance of Portugal from their op.

p. essors *Li nearly certain. Indeed it is said that JUNOT

beeu killed, ;Ind of his troops sur-

Youncled. In Oporto the French- also, as we before

mated, were sdrrount4eo and taken prisoners. At

Lisbon the ferment was so great, that JUNOT had

found it necessary to surraanl the
.few Spanish

poops there, and send Cheri} afloat on the river,

In cadiz, it is slated, that the batteries had fired

on the French Ships, and that they had surrendered

to the Spa'niards. Many of the suns of 'the bat-
teries had been worked by women,

A British Ship has just arrived from Ferrol, the

Captain of which states, that the people of that

Port and corunna were upon-The be terms with

our Navy, supplying them with every thing they
wanted. About 6Q English Prisoners had been liber-

aced, and•sent on beaid the English Ships; Fishing_

ba3ts bad appeared in the Bay, at;ircumstariee that had

not taken pl;-,c..; for a long time; such is .the confi-

deuce which the 2patliards repose British,

and• such is the' ood footi4g upoh which we'are

with those who were friends to cs_in their hearts,

though they were compelled to appear otherwise.—
The different:States expressed the strongest sense
of gratitude, that Great Britain had entered so
deeply into their situation, and had determined to

grant them all the co-operation they required. The
utmost activity prevails in every department of the
States, in arming, clothing, and disciplining the
triots. A partial aElion, it is said, had taken place

in Biscay, in which the Patriots had been repuls-

ed, owing to the superior nurnber3 of the Enemy;

but this had by no means damped their ar-

dour, for in a second action they were completely

successful. The death of SOLANO, and the rising
of Andalusia are confirmed. The inhabitants of

Seville had shewn the utmost energy and determi-
nation. There are letters from Sir C. COTTON, to the

12th instant, which all bear the same favourable

tidings; but no accounts from Admiral Pvavls, of
the Mediterranean, had arrived when this Paper
was put to Press. The Dispatches bra* by
Lieutenant PRING have been sent to His MAJESTY.

Last Night Dutch Papers to the 25th ult. ar-
rived, which contain intelligence from Paris to
the 21st, and from Bayonne to the 15th. They
state that JOSEPH BUONAPARTE, having assumed the
title of King of Spain, had issued a Proclamation
to his new Subjeas, which is full of the most flat-
tering professions. The Spanish Deputies assembled
at Bayonne, but their first meeting was merely con-
fined to matters of form. General Multivr, on the
sth ult. assembled the principal Nobility and heads
of the Church that remained at Madrid, and in
strong terms remonstrated with them for not bay-
ing exerted themselves• to preserve the public
peace ; on the contrary, he accused them of
having encouraged the Insurgents. There is
every reason to believe, from the statements in
these Papers, though it is not openly avowed, that
the Spanish Troops in Madrid are deserting in
great numbers to the Patriots. The Spanish Royal
Life Guards had sent a message to MuRAT, stating,
that they understood there were disturbances in.dif-
ferent parts of the Empire, and offering their
services to quell tl;em. Although there ap-
peared strong reason to doubt the motives
w.hieh led them make this offer, yet MultaT
thought it prudent to accept it. All French
M-oops in the Sour, of france had received or-
ders to advance with ail possiLle rapidity towards
Spain. Ile Proclamation of the new King, JO6EPH,
is dated the I ith ult. that is a few days before the
meeting of the Spani,;ll Deputies.

A Mail from Gottenbuigh arrived last night,
which brings the pleasing intelligence 'that the Rus-
sians still continue to retreat in Finland. We trust,
however, that the 'period is not far distant when
Russia and Sweden, instead of wasting each other's
strength in fruitless hostility, will again be united
against thd man who has now openly avowed his
intention of reducing. Europe to a state of. the most
abjeet slavery. It was rumoured at Gortenburgh
that BUONAPARTE had demanded from Austria and
Russia the cession of those parts of Poland which
beloneto them, in consequence of which these
Powers were preparing for' War. If BUONAPARTE
has made any such demand, it must have been be-
fore the Spanish Nation manifested the noble deter-
mination of resisting his treacherous usurpation, for
nothing short of insanity could induce him to provoke
the hostility of Austria and Russia when be is likely
to find enaployment .fOr so large a portion of his
force in Spain. A body of about 7000 of the Spa-
nish Troops that were in the North of Europe are
stated to be in the Island of Funen, and we trust are
by this time apprized of the atrocious Couctud of
ntioNAratut towards their.Couptrymen.

We have received some private accotmts from the
Continent, which tend strongly to confirm the hopes
we expressed yesterday, that we should shortly have
the satisfaElion of witnessing a total change in the
policy of the Northern Courts, at present aaing in
concert with BuoNAPARTE, and forwarding his views'
for the general subjugation of Europe; and some
faas have been stated to us, which are of a most
important nature, but which, under the present
cutnstances, it would perhaps be improper to publish:

THE Lard Duncan Packet has arrived' at Harwich
with Dispatches from fleligoland,,,Vhich pre said to
be of great importance: • • J

Is consequence of intelligence received by Mini,
ral RUSSELL, that the Dutch Fleet in the Tesel was
preparing to put to sea, he immediately got tinderweigh frArn Yarmouth; and stood ov.er to the Dutch
C4astt

Yesterday; at three o'clock, the Princess of lArt.ig,
the Duchess of 4311UNSWICIti, I he Dukes of
CAMBRIDGE, (lIIICd with their MAnsi'its—andltle

VAINCESSES.

NAVAL NEWS.

PLY:101:Tli; JUNE 29.—Arrived the Peacock
Sloop of. War, with Dispatches from Corunna, last
from the Fleet off Brest. The Commanding-Officer
set off immediately after her arrival, for the Admii
rally. The intelligence she brings is said to be of
the most important, as well as of the most pleasing
nature :—ln the first place, that the French Gene-
ral DUPONT, with an Army of 45,000 men, on his
march to Madrid, was intercepted by the Patriotic
Army while crossing the Serra Morina Mountains,
about five leagues from Madrid, and after a desperate
battle, the French were defeated, and fled, leaving
12,000 dead on the field of action. It is also stated,
that advices had been received at Ferrol, of the cap-
ture of the French Squadron in the Harbour of Ca-
diz, by the Patriots, who fired on them from the
Batteries. And further, that an insurreaion had
taken place at .Lisbon, in which great numbers of
the French were killed, and Gen. JUNOT and ano-
ther General were wounded.

Fifty thousand men have marched from Galicia to
join the Patriots.
The Officers and Ccew of the Peacock were on
shore at Corunna, from the inhabitants of which
place they experienced the most friendly and polite
attention.

The Gibraltar. and Difance Men of War were
lying .at Ferrol when the Peacock sailed. Several
released English Prisoners are arrived here in the
latter. . _ _

Arrived the Nile, Captain PraticLE, front

FALMOUTH, JUNE 28.—This evening arrived His
Majesty's Armed Schooner Paz, Lient. D. PRING,
frotn4Gijon (Spain), after a passage of seven 'days.
A person (who was sent there by Viscount MAT-
TEROSSA) returned in her with_ dispatches. On his
arrival he went off with Lieut. PRING iO a post-
chaise for London. He reports that the whole of
Spain arc in arms against the French, and partien7.
lady the Provinces of Galicia, Asturias, Leon, and
Arrogan. It is also said that the Portuguese, after
having arrived at the frontiers, had refused to march,
and that the Spanish and Portuguese had seized on
General JUNOT, at Lisbon, and made him. prisoner;
that Oporto. is opened to the English, and that
10,000 men marched, a few days before the sailing
of the above Vessel, from Galicia for the Province
of Leon. The Biscayans have not taken up arms=
it was reported that some French troops had entered
that Province. Two English Privateers ' were at
Gijon loading wine, &c. for England.

The outward-bound Newfoundland and Quebec
Fleets passed this port yesterday.

The Walsingharn Packet is ordered to be in readi-
ness in ten days, to take the July Mails for the
Brazils.

PORTSMOUTH., JUNE 30.—Arrived the Alkb:We
Sloop of War with a Convoy from the Westward ;
and the Boadicea Frigate from a cruize.

Sailed the Hyperion Frigate with Dispatches for
the Mediterranean ; and the Defender Gun-brig
with a Carvioy fur Ireland.

YAR M (MTH, JUNE 30.--A Cutter Arrived last night
, with the intelligence that the Dutch Fleet; of eight
Sail of the Line, in the Texel, appeared to, be
making preparations for putting to sea, in conse-
quence of whirch Admiral Rvisitt.r., in the Majestic,
with the Bellerophon, Minotaur, Warspite,Triumphi
.Nassau, Stately, and Tigre; got under way, and
stood over to the other side to watch their motions.
The Privateer which arrived on Tuesday is called
the A msterland, of 14 guns, and.6o men, and was
taken by the liosamond Sloop of War..

SHEERNESS, JUNK 2g.—Arrived the Quel•ec Fri-
gate, the Hon. Capt. G. POLTLET; under jurytuasts.
JUNE. 30.--,Passed by the Nore six Sail of India-
men ; and several Sail have passed this day for the
•Diver.

Sailed the Defence, for Chatham.. .
The Cent/Re/ and Convoy for Gcrttenburgh hare
not sailed, waiting wind changing.

DEAL, JUNE 30.—Sailed this:morning the lion*
Ward-bound East-Indiameti for the. River. .
Arrived His . Majesty's Brig Bloodhound from a
cruize, and remains.in the Downs with the rest of
the Ships as per last.
'The Custom-house Daggers on this stption list
night took two large Boats loaded with goods.

On- Wednesday night last, as her Royal Highriesi
the Princess CHARLOTTE of WALES, attended 'by
Lady DE CLIFFoRD, was returning'froni the Queen's.
House, the horses took fright in the Park from, the
report of a pistol, and plunged in so furious.a.-man-
ner, that apprehensions were entertained for some
tune for the safety of her Royal Highness's person,
• who was with difficulty got out and placed• in the:
'carriage of thd Duchess of 'font, which-was im-
inediately following. Assistance was promptly .af-
forded. by the passengers in the Park to get up one
or the horses that had thrown himself over the pole,
and the carriage then prodeed...l through the Sable
Yard, the horses being led by the coachman and
ti)ntrilati; Nearly Opposite the bake of YORK'S,
hOweer, the horse that
.had been do ~Vri began
plunging again ia a more furious manner, beat down
the coachman, and dragged the carriage over, his
body. We are sorry to add, -thiit three of the Oath-
Mae's. ribs ars broken,- ancl, he is othrwtse much
bruised. • -
