NirmiEn 8930.]

TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1821.

OFFICE OF ORDN,INCE, Julry 31,
T•
RE *PUBLIC are hereby informed that
Thirty-seven PLATES of the ORDNANCE SURVEY
°F GREA.k BRITAIN, carried on under the Superintendence
Of the late Major-General WILLIAM MUDGE. LL.D.
and arc now complete, and that INIPREtiSIONS from
tLICra are on Sale at the ORDNANCE MAP OFFICE, 'in the
(OVER of LONDON, and alio at WILMA NI FADEN'S•
Ge°grapher to his Majesty, and Agent to thelimird'of Ord-
"ante at CHARING-CROSS.

ALL IN ONE DAY, Y- 17TH MA :
great Reduction of the Price for that Day, .
WHOLE TICKETS l4 GUINEAS only.
SIXTEENTHS ' 2O SHILLINGS only.
J. and J. SIVEWILIGHT are happy to statethe Lords of
the Treasury hare highly approved of their plan for reducing
the Prices in their new Scheme; with
_
TWO PRIZES
.01;:. X'2l 000
. )
And TWO PRIZES OF 020,200, asunder :
The Two first are certain to he drawn 17th May, and Chance
of the Two last on the Pith June will also be gained by the
first 100 Numbers drawn that Day :—.:The Scheme to be drawn
i7th May, contains
2 .. Prizes of ..21.,000 0 0 Consols.... ,C 42,000 0 0
_ 3 4 OOO 0 0 Consuls ll,OOO 0 0
3 l,OOO 0 0 Cori!;6ls'Y . ' 3,000 0 0
6
10 ' 240 0 0 Ctinsols..;... •V,400 0 0
•10 - 2,200 0 0
II
• 10
17
50
:IOW
100,First-drawn Tickets. On the 17th May, will each have a
new Chance for all the Prizes in the following •Sebetuetvibich
is all to be drawn on the Gth June.
2 .... Prizes of .....,C20,200 0. Consols.... ,040,400
2 2,000 0 Consols 4,000
e 1,050 0 Consols '
2,100
2
'l,OOO
10
10
134 .
30 0 Money 1,020
2940
.13 10 Money

FOR THE SUN.

POPERY.

MR. EDITOR,--As the troubles that for so
Icing a season agitated the nation to its utmost extremities still
linger and ferment in their half-extinguished-principles, as the
clouds that have so long obscured commercial and financial
prosperity, instead of clearing up, grow darker (with a few par-
tial and local exceptions) and threaten an eclipse, if not an ex-
tinction of our beloved country's glory and goveaninalig and
the most patient endUrance is not cheered with a ratitgil;ptas-
,
pect of a close to sufferings, poignant a.4,th;y are iu4xampled,
every mind capable of reflection is famed to stop- and look
,
round for an adequate Cause. The daring and:incessant disse-
minatiOn of atheistic arid revolutionary principles in every va-
riety of form Which detection cannot shame, 111;t: punishment
livera.We and put a stop to, have, with the strictest justice, as one
probable source of the commotions, been referred to. But whence-
these are derived, and wlay of late, so furiously propagated,*haS°
not been so much as suspected. Since the effect as to degree
isievent, so indisputably must be the cause. Nor need we
look far, when we see and hear on every side resuscitated se-
minaries of the execrable fraternity of Loyola, and other con-
sanguineous orders, with the addition of a Catholic hierarchy in
Ireland (if not elsewhere) paid and fostered by Government to an
extent unknown, and increasing ever), Session. When, at le
very same time, we see foreign Catholic States, Calliclic even
to bigotry, while seeking to regenerate their superannuated and
now degenerate Constitutions, find the existence of such orders
utterly incompatillle with the steady re-establishment of men.
tal, moral, or political prosperity, and therefore have suppressed
them, the following extracts will not be deemed inappropriate
to our present situation :
" I suppose, if the whole globe were searched, and the most
authentic records of sacred and profane history examined, it
would be found that there never was a nation whose spiritual
prosperity has been more consulted in the dispensations of Di-
vine Providence, or whose entire Constitution bore a more fa-
vourable aspect towards the establiShment of Gospel Faith,
than that of .Great Britain. But lam persuaded that an' im-
partial scrutiny would equally demonstrate, that no nation in the
world has discovered a greater degree of wanton ingratitude Under
-these signal blessings, or a stronger propensity to the admission
of :error in its- most dangerous forms. Let. us consider it in
these two points of view. When our Church and State lay un-
der the darkness and tyranny of Rome, by what marvellous
and gracious interposition did GOD dispel the clouds that en-
veloped the one, and break the chains that fettered the other ?
pouring upon us the light of truth and the blessings of li-
berty together, emancipating us from the slavery of Anti-
Christ, thif we might wear the honourable badge, and submit to
the blessed yoke of that almighty Deliverer, who came, in the
most exalted- sense, to make us free." To being about so im-
portant an event men were endowed with the most shining
" talents., and anointed with a divine unction. Learning and
grace united all their inLal.' ence in fitting them for the most ar-
ctuous work in the wokl, that of vindicating truth, detecting
error, and establishing-reformation. The glorious work, being
of GOD, was crowned with success ; the doannas of Popish
Synods were rejected; the slavish principles of Rome were re-
probated ; and that fallen City proved-the seat of AntisChfist.
The Scripture, the key which unlocks the treasures of wisdom,
Was put into the hands of the people ; their eyes were opened to
behold the depths of Satan, in the former errors that had been
obtruded on them. Then superstition was banished to its pri-
mitive shades, and disappointed tyranny forced to bite its iron
chains. The beast with the seven heads roared, but in vain ;
its Bulls were esteemed but as empty bubbles; and all the thun-
der of its Anathemas was felt only as the noise of the waves, or
the dashing of their scum against the solid rock. Then Reforma-
tion reared its aspiring head, amidst clouds of smoke and flames
of persecution ; and Liberty, with a profuse hand, scattered in-
numerable blessings wherever she trod. The instruments of
this great work derived their materials for the completion of it
from the fountain ofTruth itself, the Bible. These they threw into
a sacred formulary, and collected the principal and brightest rays
of truth to form the Creeds, and establish those Articles which
constitute the glory of the Reformation. The great doctrines
contained in them, their preaching propagated, their blood
sealed. They lived Reformers and they died Martyrs ! ! But
hear it with astonishment, ye friends of Reformation, these
brightest stars, whose wisdom enabled them to penetrate
the thick darkness of error ; and whose grace carried them
victorious and triumphant through torments and death, are, in
the present day, reputed as imposers on our faith, and the
system they handed down to us as an antiquated tradition, or an
almanac out of date. Under-all the advantages they possessed of
knowing the will of God, there have not been wanting men,
who have more than insinuated that our reformers were bad
interpreters of Scripture; and who have wished our doctrinal
articles thrown aside as useless lumber, or an .intolerable
burden. Thus the vine which the Lord brought out of Egypt,
(out of Rome) these men wish torn up by the roots • and the
fence that surrounds it they would rejoice to see levelled with
the ground. And to what end ? Why, that those 'who cannot
get at the grapes without climbing the fence of subscription,
might riot upon the spoils with greater ease. And that, when
the obnoxious barrier was removed, our church, like the vine-
yard of the Lord, might lie open to every beast of thesfield that
chose to devour its fruits, and to every wild ass that wanted to
quench its thirat at her fountain !! ! ' After remarking the
demoralizing results of such principles and such measures, and
delineating them, in the darkest colours ; yet not darker than
What the truth and soberness of dispassionate reflection will as-
sent to, he adverts to the political consequences which the state
tmay expect to follow. 4 I shall not here presume to deter-
mine any thing. absolutely respecting God's. visitations : that
would be equally inconsistent with the dictates of modesty and
humility, as with the laws of truth and soberness. 'Prophecy is
not the province of the now, as it has been in old
time ; and any attempt to tread that sacred, ground, being the
suggestion of enthusiasm, must be attended with pride and-ter.
urinate in mistake. There is, however, a path, which we may
tread with safety, in investigating the dispensations of the Al-
mighty; and it is the way of wisdom, and of certainty too.
When an axiom or self-evident truth in Scripture has been
corroborated by a chain of providential facts, all tending to the
same evd, and illustrative of the same thing, we may inter cer-
tainly, that, under similar circumstances, the same truth will
meet with a similar application on the whole; and the infer-
ence, in that case, will be as certain as the unchangeable truth
and corroborating dispensations on which it is founded."' Now
no Scripture axiom is more frequently or more forcibly incul-
cated than the detestation which the Deity • expresses at Our
having any other objects of religious worship than His own in-
finite perfections. odo not this abominable thing which my
soul hateth." And why ? Because nothing more tends to
vitiate and demoralize the human mind than exercising the de-
votional affections on an idolatrous object. Witness the Ca.:
naanites of old, where every moral abomination that could de-
grade and pollute ,human society, was practised without con-
trol ; for it is expressly stated, " they lived after the manner of
the Zidonians, and there was no magistrate in the land to put
them-to shame in anything." Witness also modern Ilindos-
tan, where humanity and virtue recoil at the horrors which for
ages have: been disseminated and perpetrated through all its
states, under the form of devotional ritual, and sanction of rel..
gious principle. Yet with these. catholicism 'so fraternises and
associates, that Dr. Buchanan saw even the obscene car of Jug-
gernaut used in a popish festival, to conciliate the Hindoos ;
the perpetual pretext offered by the priests in all past, as well
as present, times, for incorporating the abominations of hea-
then idolatry with Christianity, until the latter is completely
lost in the forms of their atrocious ritual.. But there is and has
been all along, a further end in view than mere conciliation.
We know the hierarchy of Rome has risen to that height of
blasphemous impiety, as to pretend to forgive sin. First prat--
ticed in relaxing the penalties of their monastic institutions ;
but now for many ages extended to every offence against Gon
and man, upon paying the priests: their stipulated fees ; for
every crime has its price. So ;hat the propagation of vice, or
what is the same thing, the opposition and defeataor neulraliza-

,These PLATES contain the Counties of Kent, Essex'
3tissex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, and. Cornwall, arid propor-
'
r°ns of Somerset, Surrey, Pembroke, Caidigan, Carmarthen,
4elore,an, Wilts, Ilerks, Mieldlesexi Suffolk, Hertford, and
p
art IX. containing nearly the whole of Pembrokeshire,
4nd P') •
rtions of the adjacent Country, was published on the
Ist
of August, 1819, and as the Work is still in prOgress, ay..
enrdifig w
to tiorizinal-Design of giving. a complete Map of
teat Br'tain upon aSf oe -to a e, th
Ptay.
nesltkoti of Site future p caar l tso willn follinchow as fast asMil e toe um-
tilt •
eof Such a Work will admit, without increasing the an-
-44 Expense.
Getweinen wishing to procure a Map of the Country sur-
aeunding their own riabitations, may, by application to Mr.
;1114El, at the Ordnance Map Office (where an Index Map
be shewu) select any sheets they please, for that
i""rPose,
a 411 Letters' on this subject, addressed to Mr: Baker, under
. eer to the Secretary of the Board of .Orfluance, Pall Mall,
"41 be immediately attended to.
Ordtr of the Board,
R. li. CREW, Sec.

7009 Prizes in both %betties. X 186,070
Every Chance issued before the 17th May, will be decided on
that Day, but the first 100 Numbers drawn will each be en-
titled to a new Chance for the 6th June ; and with all these
nnprecedented advantages, the Price of each Chance for that
Day is only, for a

EAST INMA HOUSE, JAR. t 4, 182 h
THE COURT of DIRECTORS of. the
UNITED' COMPANY of MERCHANS of ENG-
D, TRADING to the EAST INDIES, do hereby give
cr
t, hat a GENERAL COURT of the said COMPANY will
held at their House in Leadenhall-street, on WEDNES-
,I4I:, the. 11th April next, from nine in the morning until
of x ni the evening, for the ELECTION of SIX DIRECTORS
the said Company for Four Year,
JOSEPH DART, Secretary.
•

£l4 14 01 Quarter .... £3 17 0
Half ' 713 0 1 Eighth .. 1 19
SIXTEENTH TWENTY SHILLINGS ONLY !
‘L and J. SIVEWRIGHT, the Contractors, request an early
application at their old fortunate Offices,37,Cornhill: 11, Hol-
born ; and 38, Haymarket; or to their Agents in the Country.
so* J. and J. Sivewright sold in a recent ~.ottery, ALL
the Prizes of 20,0001. all in Shares ! and in the very Last
Lottery, No. 2,053 (Class B) 21,0001.!

Will sail in all April, for BOMBAY,
•
ti
The Fast-sailing, new River-built,
,19:144:4.. SHIP, SARAH, Burthen 438 tons, JOHN
`.NriA THACKER, Commander, (of the Honour-
.- able Company's Service). This Ship has 'a
Poop, and is most commodiously fitted up
for the Accommodation of Passengers.
For Freight or Passage, apply to the Commander, at the
Jerusalem Coffee-house; to Mr. WEEDING, Old South Sea
House; Broad-street ; ur to JOHN LYNEY, jun. 1, COVV•
per's-cou,rt,

170 THE. PROPRIETORS OF EAST INDIA STOCK.
• LA3:ES AND GENTLEMEN,
AVING the honour of being recommended
;4, 'to you by the Directors of the East India- Company,
_ CANDIDATES for the DIRECTION, to tie chosen this
ve,V.• westake the liberty of requesting the favour of your
"ili .on the day of Election, WEDNESDAY, the- II th
of April next.
We are, Ladies and Gentlemen, your most humble Serrant;,
JOHN BEBE,
JAMES DANIELL,
WM. FIILLARTON ELPHINSTONE.
JOHN INGLIS,
1i.... . JAMES PATTISON.
...,_ -,,-----__ India House, the 28th March, 1821.
____ _

YACtiT FOR SALK.
A Beautiful PLEASURE BOAT,
of extraordinary sailing qualities, caller: the
-71/4 „o ELIZA, not a twelve month old; of the
1M best seasoned oak, and copper fastened
.ersk -
throughout; of the following dimensions :
Length 3O ft.s in. Depth 7 ft. tif
Breadth...... 10 8 1 Burthen, nearly 14 tOll4.
She is clinchwork, and rigged on the flawsand principle, has
a ruddy forward, and nearly three tons of iron ballast. Her
sails, cordage, and spars, together with every article belong-
ing to her, are of the best description, and in the highest
order. She'was built in Mr. Little 's Yard, at Anderdtrn, in
Hautoaxe, Where she now lies in a shed, purposely erected fer
her protection during the wiiiier.—Apply for price and further
particulars to Mr. Waterman, at the Yards all letters to be
post paid.

TO TI-IF. PROPRIETORS OF -EAST INDIA S FOLK.. 1
rtLADIES AND GENTLVIDEN,
i
iiE ELECTION of SIX DIRECTORS
1\1;•„"f the East India-Company favourin-te for WED,.
Fsti;l /1/4,AY, the 11th of April )next,' the of your VOTE
vq. "rEREST is requested 'for, the following Gentlemen,
." JOHN BEBB, Esq.
JAMES DANIELL, Esq.
BINS. WM. FULLARTON ELPHINSTONE.
JOHN INGLIS, Esq.
JAMES PATTISON, Esq.
• Which will much oblige, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Your most bumble Servants, - •
• • . ,n 3. Abercrombie Robinson, William Tayla Money,
tliqn •
~... , Idßeid, John Morris, •
,lostas•Du Pre Alexander, Edward Parry,
Williain Astell, Rich. Ctlicheley Plowden,
~../aeol! Hosanquet, • - Charles Elton Prescott,
...lOtrrt Campbell George Raikes,
,Wiliam Stanley Clarke, Jong tioldsborough Rti--
Joseph Cotton, venshaw,
. .
Neil Benjamin Edmonstone, George Smith,
Charles Grant John Thornhill,
Jo
on Ht SwenyToone,
'uKil Linl .
r,
.. ( say, IVilliam Wigram.
lit4,`:ll,.rlpbell Marjoribanl:s,
5.„.........:Lic1ia House, March 28, 1921. ' ' '

As a regular PACKET, for Pas-
sengers, to VAN DIENIAN'S LAND and
NEW SOUTH WALES, with liberty to
0. • touch at the Cape of Good Hope, the BRI-
TOMART, A 1., DANIEL PEACHY, Com-
mander, River built, coppered, and copper-fastened, now
lying in the London Docks. Formerly in his Majesty's ser-
vice, and well known as one of the swiftest sailing Vessels of
her class in the Navy. Has good height between Decks, with
93 feet length of Deck, and is in every respect well adapted
for Passengers, being a remarkably strong sound Ship.—An
:experienced Snrreon will be on board.—Apply personally, or
post-free, to William Cook, No. 3, Nag's Head Court, Grace-
church Street.

19the PROPRIETORS of EAST INDIA STOCK.
i 1": tugs AND GENTLEMEN,
/11)
4E Annual Election being fixed forii I.l:l'eeacir--
Isllvsti„nestlar, the I Ith inst.,-I beg most r p NII„', to.enireat the favour of your earlyesateteetifiudanYcae at the
IC' ht the East India House on that day.
terin'lve tt return my grateful acknowledgmenits for the flat-
tlti assurances of sup' port with which I have.reennchconooftitrieled
,4111,',8' '115" Canvass • and relying oil the continua
4rt:iLs and kind exertions of my Friends, I cannot but en-
-- the most sanguine hopes of success.
t.:it I have the honour to be, Ladies and Gentlemen,
Ymtrt obedient faithful Servant,
1 f
JOHN LOCH.
• ''' Laclon' Tavern, April 7.
, ...I', ,
tk bl,e PROPRIPn ORS of EAST INDIA STOCK.
'F's AND (...IENTLEmENt , 'IP, apliroach of the ANNUAL ELECTION
.tlnkt •I'l I,.`C D'lt CTORS i f the EAST INDIA COMPANY,
tt'i-Itt,4! T‘icAN' cEy occasioned by the death of Colonel TAY-
41ti to't'qiiire me again to announce
.to ,you
imytde.terinina-
• DI% Proceed to the Ballot which is fixed or ht. I Ith of
fait ...
J;iiti,ia}Possii,le for me to convey in words rdequate to
.my,
'III "the hi li sense of gratitude I entertain for the ler)
11sy ,dpi 11 g.. iti (Ariv ,attcling manner in which 1 have been received on
I,,,,r4tiluas. The remembrance of- it will act as a constant.
;-"Ptc,,.- ,to my zeal for your service ; and whilst I. venture
ti; which to request a continuance of those obliging exer
c'.t„-'4'clt have b• en made in my favour, I her at the same
irf! j: asst
Yon, that should I he so fortunate as to Sin
grehtlinbtail)in, a seat in the Direction of your Affairs, the
(41,4s,.iect of
homy' attention, and the unvarying guide of my
44,sit Will to maintain the rights and Privileges, and to
:4I Ice The prosperity of the East India Company. .
,-,,litll'de the libe.rty of annexing the Resolutions unanimously
-titi, eta former Meeting of my Friends; and hare the Im-
o an.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
Ell Your very obedient, faithful Servant,
11,71. CURTIS, Jun.
' Portland place 27th March, 1821.
h4t -
.-Ita„Numerous and highly-respectable MEETING oft he
tie,,..,LETORS of EAST INDIA STOCK, held at the King's
44, Vavern in the Poultry London, on Thursday, the 21st
'et Septent'ber, IMI ; '
tt ~,,a ' THos. wE F. DING, Esq. in the. Chair ;
01.1 Teed by Sir Rupert Wigrain,seconded .by
titttl,,.4, n, Esq., M.P.,- and resolved unaninuntslY;
likpuat the interests of 'the East India Company being essen-
omniercial, it is of the highest impottance that a consi-
pl4l4ll:..Preyortion of the Court of Directors should consist of
tith
the
oc,onnii,enrca:iti.le_expe.rience, and habitually conversant
I R l' tyins of the Empire.
tee Was More(' be William Heyotte Fs M P d Alderman,
Th_.. ,
.. Y . ms. Roberts, 1,,q, and resolved unaimously;
'lll' 41`.‘Vitt• C"nisr Esq. titan his commercial knowledge
11.4diatelti.vity his long and intimate connexion wit h. the great
ri,,7,,, _
.g inte.rests of this Metropolis and the country at large,
:11 qualified to become a Director of the East India Com-
',...gurrii's hailsltl_ that, ccinsidering the flattering reception Mr.
ti4rpin
~_
_experienced on his Canynss, this Meeting recom-
htni 11:,“ ast be should proceed to art-o'ot Alton the first v9cal.tcy,
'41411 her
Pledges itself toreox,zt:•ei.ti.lie;t endeavours, indin-
Y h4d collectively, t ,_N.p, N. c'Sigt'ed) THPOM -IS WTE'll)elcNti?`n•
4-4 •,'ll. curries c • '• • • . --i., Chairman.
. 4d1ave...,,
_, . .oiinnittec will meet daily'at the King's
‘o 1 ()Wiry,

See Sermons en the Fast-day, 27th February, 1778, by the
Rev. R. de Courcy, late of St. Alkmond's, Salop, formerly of
Tiirrity College, Dublin.

. .
Ole
err, 'v
.:*.i.'
- - • ettl.F4M,w
- •- ' i'..,-''' 'if ' ---,..tii-:.....
r• •,.. ...,
! /1 if
I ,
..f/p a.
.
-,..i.,: ,
.1'
N 414.
/ ~
, r' , -•
, .r 1
.. , - / I/' / - '-, , ... , N4,..''°''''',/,%5' 4P4e,r' 66F7Z47:\':'
rt• (71/11N---e.c.----'," I ....,,e-, of ' ',- A ,
-.1'4".......77144:-'^'
,;,. 111
P. , fr. Ar•-16. '' 7 t
I'/w.- - • .. k../' ' ""'-

... .„._.,... v,
,- --7- • 4 ,
it.
...., . -
.‘
. - ..
...4116- • e .

den, of every institution that nourishes piety and virtue, is b
come their horrible interest, and incessant occupation, di-
rectly or indirectly, avowed or concealed. For proof look
at the moral state of every Catholic country; look at our
own, since the repeal of the penal statutes, where mendicity,
robbery, tumult and assassination have rendered the me-
tropolis, and many of our large country towns, a " ma-
gor-missabib terror round about." We frequently, see or
hear of popish criminals, when launching into eternitY, ao-
lemnly declare (although they have been convicted on the dear-
est evidence) ." that they are innocent of the crime 'for which
they suffer,' pure as unsunned snow, confiding in the absolu-
tion pronounced by their execrable priests. And. that this has
been their constant practice, read the testimony of an author of
the highest eminence in the learned world, frequently styled
another name for the learning itself, "the celebrated Erasmus:"
_What shall I say of such as cry up and maintain the cheati of
p.ardOns and indulgencies.? That by these compute the
time of each soul's residence in purgatory, and assign them
a lesser or shorter continuance, as they purchase more
or fewer of these paltry pardons and saleable exemptions ?
By this easy way of prirchasing, pardons, any notorious high.
- weaymarl; any phintieriag 'soldiera fifty
.bribe-taking judge, shall
,disburse some part of their unjust gains, and so. think all their
grossest impieties sufficiently atoned for; so manv perjuries,
lusts, drunkenesses, quarrels, bloodsheds, cheats, 'treacheries,
and all sorts of debaucheries, shall be as it were struck a bar-
gain for ; and such a contract made, as if they had paid off all
arrears, and might now begin upon •n new score ! Several of
these fooleries, which are so gross and absurd as I myself am
ashamed to mention, are practiced and admired, not only by the
vulgar but by such proficients in religion as one might well ex-al
pect should have more wisdom ! (See Panegyric on Folly, page
09). Indeed it is universally known that this' began the Re.
formation,, and it is still with the utmost effrontery avowed or
palliated by their whole body. When we behold, not theaolera-
tion, but the virtual establishment of 'these enormities, by a
systematic encroachment, practiced every new Session. of Par-
liament, by their patrons and partizans; from the order by the
War Office of a salary to Popish Chaplains in the army, up to
the establishment of three Jesuit Universities' Castle Brown
and Maynooth in Ireland, and Stoneyhurst in England ; of 7
Colleges aid 40 Schools; many of them Monastic Establish-
ments, that fled from the Continent during the late war, and
now polluting the British soil, it is surely high time for the
nation to wake from 'its dream ; and break the. chains that are
evidently preparing., for, it: and to require exclusion, not only
from Parliament,. but also from what is called the Cabinet, of
all partizans of that treacherous'and hostile communion. Since
not only'the internal, but also the external interests of the na-
tion have been sacrificed through palpable misadvice, in other
instances besides the Colonial Timber Trade, ever since the
peace. Take the past practices of 'the conclave 'ever since the
Reformation, in the words of a late respected writer.—" The
indignant Pontiffs beheld the loss of their flocks, and the defal-
cation of their revenues, and deep in their hearts meditated the
means of their recovery, and of vengeance on their enemies.-.-
The pacifimtion of Augsburg has bound up the arm of violence '
from persecution, and every where proclaimed peace and toler-
ance among the contending Princes. But peace was torment'
to the Romish Prelates, and tolerance of all imaginable evils.
the most intolerable : high treason against the majesty of those.
Anathemas which they had hurled against all heretics. The
first object, therefore, of Rome, and of those who filled the
Papal Chair, -was to break this bond of union ; to rouse the
Catholic Princes to freeh acts of oppression in their own dorni-
nions, to bring back to the house of their prison those who had
emancipated themselves from the yoke of bondage. As the ob-
ject was to recover their lost power, wealth and dominion, the
means they possessed were unfortunately too well suited to the
end. ' The house of Austria, with the other Catholic Prima,
devoted partizans of the Holy See, were especially conned to
these they looked for an arm of flesh and persecution. Another
and yet more powerful engine was found in the wily, insinuat-
ing, restless and indefatigable Order of Jesuits; the firmest sup-
porters of the Holy See, and its most zealous as well as able
satellites. These were dispersed through all lands, and seized
every opportunity to pervert the ignorant or oppress the feeble.
In the Courts of Princes, whose confessors they chiefly were,
the laxity of their moral system recommended their prescrip-
tions for quieting guilty consciences • and one commutation
was always sure to be suggested, zeal for the conversion of he-
retics, and the employment of any means, however Savage; or
contrary to the most solemn engagements, cancelled all alines.
The pens of their artful and perfidious Casuists were first em-
ployed to prove the nullity of the peace of Augsburg, and. to
charge upon the Protestants various pretended--infractions, to
justify the attack meditated against thern,"l- &c. Set. This
brought on the thirty years carnage, ending in the Peace of
Westphalia. Then the Protestants of Poland and of Hungary
were made their prey ; and the Dukes of Savoy and Piedmont
were'instigated to hunt out the poor remains of the Waldenses."
After followed the revocation of the Edict of Nantz : then the
Civil Wars in Britain, under Charles 1., whose Queen was a
bigotted papist, and had a principal hand in exciting the bloody
scenes that followed. Then what can be looked for now, where
these infernal incendiaries are actually re-established ? The
establishment of Popery in Canada brought on the American
War, and has left the name of the Minister for a curse to all
future British generations : as the present Irish measures will ren-
der that of their promoters to the Protestants in the Sister King-
dom. To some may be applied the words of the Poet : What,
strewest thou sugar on that bottled spider, whose deadly web
ensnareth thee about ?" But sure there is good sense enough
yet in the Senate, to prevent the dreaded catastrophe.-1 an
respectfully, your's
April 3, 1821.

ANTIPAPA.

• See Christian Observer, Feb. 1818.
t Dr. Haweis' Church History, Vol. 3, pages 17, &c. &c.

TH'E ARMY..—A squadron of the. sth Dragoon. Guards ar-
rived in town this forenoon, (Thursday, the sth inst.), to replace
the 3d, on its way to England.—(ijLASGO* trittrito......
The 7th Dragoon Guards are now on their march from Edin.
burgh to York, where they are to be quartered in the Barracks.
(PRESTON SENTINEL.)
The sect of the Sou•ritco,TiANs, it seems, are not extinct !
In the neighbourhood of Totness,'Devon, there arcs some
dreds of silly people, who belieVe that Johanna and het.Son
are making. the tour of Egypt !, They have separated from-all
other religious communities. A poor woman was nearly
strangled, a few weeks ago, by a self-elected prophetess of this
sect, who pretended that she had on the same morning been
moved to kill the woman, beci.,se the latter had no faith in her
inspiration ! _

lIEEs.—On the 28th ult. died at Widdrington, much la-
mented, Mr. Robert Reed, aged 67. He was well known in
" Northumberland for his knowledge and management of Bees,
in which he took great delight. kle several times exhibited a
swarm suspended from his band on the market-days at 'Mor-
peth and Alnwick, as well as at other places.
THE CARBoxAni.--7-It was under the govern-
merit of Murat, that Caroline of Austria, Queen
of Naples and sister to the unfortunate Marie
Antoinette, knowing the spirit of independence'
which animated the' nation, instituted the society
of the Carbonari, for the purpOse of dethroning
..the Frenchman as a foreign usurper. She pro-
mised them to establish a- government founded
on rational liberty, and all the persons, who were
initiated, bound them .Ives by an awful oath to
observe the most inviola..vpsecrecy as to the ob-
ject of the society. These. 'fleas of liberty, never,
ceased to germinate among the members of this
occult society, which was composed of citizens of
every class without exception. It' was a fire
which lay concealed under the ashes, ready to
.burst forth at the first favourable moment. The
proclamation of the Spanish constitution at Ma-
drid last year was the signal for the explosion,
and this constitution was accordingly proclaimed
at Naples; The name of Carbonari, or Colliers,
was taken by the .society as emblematical of the
secrecy of their operations, which, like the col-
liers, they conducted in the • dark.—French
Paper.
