gVENING EDITION.

riliebitants that it was more for their advantage to use free
th Asa that of the slaves, and he was happy to say
att
Itoa twelve months he found he was enabled to ranke
),Irsible impression on the minds of the people. l t
(4, Ts intention to have gene more fully into details to-
uut as there would he smother opportunity offering,
rielelklitauld endeavour to confine himself as much as
Illy,"le• Most of the mischiefs in the prevention of the
het; 'rade be considered to have arisen from the corrupt
th,;:ltee at the Colonial Office. He thought it his duty
Ise;„te th!s--a duty he owed as the representative.of the
the
'whom he considered a :his coloured children.
the aoked for support in his exertions to the press, to
th% eh People of England, and he begged to say,
tie last not least, to the ladies—( Cheers)-
41Is •1/ghttld. In all manifestations of the heart tending to
ladvklate the miseries of humanity, they were the foremost,
ere
th,„" well recollected that the ladies of England w
the *hose subscriptions first reached him to apply to the
teeetil jai purposes of slavery in Sierra Leone. He had
~lane a letter from Sir F. Macdonald. Of the sub-
alltrekß,of this loiter he should only say that those opinions
'" he considered that his public duty called upon him
tesrapress should not be suppressed by even the dictum of
Ottede,Hill himself. It was considered at the Horse
4:111, that he k Colonel Campbell) did not hold a civil
4(4_44 as a military situation in Sierra Leone, and he
irt, 'en moreover informed that as a ba!f-pay officer he
thet under the control of the military authorities, and
411. instances were not few of the names of
othellaY ocers being submitted to her Majesty, or, in
Nl' wordffis, struck off the list ; 3et he should fearlessly
the ,° forward in support of his poor African friends, speak
tst„'lll.,th, and show up the abuses that had been so long
lite,4% The Gallant Gentleman sat down amidst cheers,
sitii„Ptoposing the following resolution:—" That the
lyttZa of slavery, the amelioration of the transportation
tf the and the growing acknowledgments of the rights
ottlie Aborigines, have altered and improved our relations
the native tribes in our dependencies ; and that
hheZforth local administration of colonial governments
lopod be conducted on principles harmonizing with these
I,ll;tant changes."
Rehtflay. Mr. CLARKE rose to second the foregoing.
4-"'" he hoped the substance of this resolution would
the the effect of stimulating all present to action, first for
ti„eabolition of slavery ; and secondly for the ameliera-
Nicr the thansportation system. After some topogra.
flitti. allusions, the Rev. Gentleman proceeded to say
at la almost all cases the Aborigines fear the coming
tlekthe white man, as ie now really reduces
lo 03 to subjugation; that every means we.re. taken.
therepet his progress, and that even the missionaries
Pteke in the odium that was caused by the first ins-
„on,
14 8' 'DILL read over the subscriptions for the objects of
elatit°eietYe among them was the name of the venerable
lo tut s°l for ed which announcement was received with
cheers,
Ist,,ranits having been voted to the Chairman, the meeting
ated at 10 minutes before 5 o'clock.
the"lentleman, whom we understood to be a member of
the ostit:i-slavery Convention, after the Chairman had left
‘lO4-I._"airs expressed his regret that this meeting should
he been held at the hours when the Convention to which
'ose"ged, were also sitting, as many of his fellow-h-
-its 11 were anxious to join heart and band with the mem-
°f this Society.

COURT CIRCULAR.

li44i._" her M
Duchess of Kent •isitedMajesty yesterday.
7°Unt Melbourne had an audience yesterday of the Queen.
,1,114r:v114i"17 and Prince Albert, attended by the Hon. Miss
hest ys' Hon. Miss Lister, Earl of Fingal!, Mr Rich, Lord Al.
l'ith -get, and Sir Edward Bowater honoured the Italian Opera
their '
The p presence last evening.
hstvi,,, "nee of Leiuingen left Buckingham Palace at two o'clock
111.8:4Y afternoon for Dover, on his return to the Continent.
1I Le Highness visited the Duchess of Kent in the morning,
ss:°"ttne ie House. His Serene Highness also visited and took
The the Princess Augusta on Monday.
tsh,,e Queen and Princ Albert, accompanied by the Prince of
g2o
4 f.s. took an airing on Monday afternoon in an open carriage
zdor.
147 Igarharn has succeeded the Marchioness of Normanby as
rt.'ls' in Waiting on the Queen ; and the Earl of Fingall and
the " have succeeded Lord Byron and Sir Frederick Stovin as
,Thetti and Groom in Waiting on her Majesty.
114 p Puchess of Kent, the Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke
lest".Zee George of Cambridge, visited the Princess Augusta
Na may' at Clarence House' St. James's. The Duchess and the
of Cambridge visitedher Royal Highness on Monday.
1514 44 chess and the Princess of Cambridge took a carriage drive
It: Yesterday,
CaliatilLs,rd,' Committee of her Majesty's Most:Honourable Privy
Guernse • and Jersey held a meeting yesterday, at the
netttlttlCilee, for )the consideration of matters connected with
111834:
.4414leelleneY Andrew Stevenson, the American Minister, &c.,c.,
test Sir— business at the Foreign Office on Monday.
Ott h Th,C"taas M. Brisbane and Mr. Wallace had an interview
str Ch Monday, in Downing.
ancellor of the Exchequer on
tila ?Joke
of Richmond, Colonel Hugh Bane, and a Depute.
Din
74. an interview with Viscount Melbourne yesterday in
11;4g-stret. -
441 t...ktehbishop of Canterbury, Mr. Mayers, Agent for Barba-
-144,7° Mr. Wallace, had interviews with L'mrd John Russell yes.
the Colonial Office.
Ittisore ~putation from Sr. Bride's had an interview with the Mar-
lb
orulanby yesterday, at the Home Office.
1401 v; 1155* J. Walker and the Rev. H. Allwyn had an interview
i.tasepeunt Melbourne on Monday.
hsm utation, consisting of Messrs. G. H. Cavendish,
inter_
4vrt.i"ng,•TaYlor Hopkins, and James Barker, had an inter.
*ill' the II r of the Exchequer on Monday.
17. 1'411.4)-7 Price had an interview with Lord John Russell on
%o' The Rev. J. Walker and the Rev. H. Allwyn visited
F.Sit flhiP Yesterday,
41eseti°," Edwards, M. P., had an interview on Monday with the
144,1,i:0f the Exchequer.
4'4; ,"rencester Lord F. Somerset, Mr. Pigot, and Mr. Fo.
1,11 'ad interview; with the Marquis of Normanby yesterday.
tek, ilaAdtehbishop of York, the Earl of H .rewood, and Lord WeT.
an interview with Viscount Melbourne on Monday, in
alt-street.

„ 410,.
po,:,RIBLE DEPRAVITY--The execrations o,
(.2 'lctehace were vented loudly this morning, about twelve
,against a brutal mother, whose child was found. by
m-
iritraed--iti‘-,aarroll in some part of
.the parish of Lyncombe,
tub of 'old water, without a morsel to eat,
.where
tit-keen left by its mother, while she went to drink in a
lir ltra*. The emaciated little creature, about two years andha
Itteet Was taken to Mrs. Eveleigh's! dairy-woman, na Bat -
4111ateldwhere it was fed with whey and bread, in quantities re-
sst°,” t° assuage its hunger, without overloading its fa-
h•—Bath Herald.
ti.,
- CATCHING SY RAILWAY.—A graz!er
!kkii,,sng from Derby to Nottingham by the Midland
.Counties'
erktitY, to !mend Lenton fair on Wednesday last fell into.con-
tn.n with a man in the same carriage, who also said. he
tre,lng to the same ace. Soon after arriving at Notting-
Preteme missed three 101. notes and instantly suspected his
kid f,"al friend as the thief. He went to the station-house,
three and that the man instead of going to Lenton had re-
Ihert by a train which had just started for Derby. After a
titie:ansultalion the grazierj consented to be strapped to an
a half which started after the train, and in seven minutes and
'teleu"ertook it; the fellow was pointed out, seized, and the
Titul°lley found on him.—Leicester Mercury.
tvith"4NitS TUNNELL. The works connected
the lasti' iindertakir, have been partially suspended during
tiee(i tshoree months consequen.ce of the exc. avations having
treed near the Wapping side of the river that
.it..was
"t 4 the unsafe to pursue them until the houses and buildings
tonorth shore were removed. The Company .have been
tu
time in treaty for the purchase of the buildingsreo-f
..,rautt?lni most of the occupants having removed, the work
444 I 100 will immediately
commence. One arch of the
apd !:101 be opened for pedestrians in about fifteen months,
sad"Pected that the circular carriage-roads on each side,
Intierte Whsle of the works connected with this great national
the ,raking will be completed in two years and a half from
tiou oei.sent time. On the Wapping side of the river the opera-r
tuba:, Pile-driving has already commenced, and a wharf,
be
Pulled °pent, extending about fifty feet from the houses to
'late "Qwn, is to be formed All fear of daner has long
sDpin vanished, and the only irruptions are from the land-
op ti!:, which are kept under by the powerful steam-engine
Rotherhithe shore.
Cockney having ensconced himself opposite a
aitit.l4 one of the Richmond coaches, had manifested a dispo-
-3%411 to be jeering
in some of his observations. At length,
twafiteehrweds•
lug'Y exhausted in his fund of self-merriment, he cast a
it Q., on the road-side, and seeing a notice stuck up, he
hreeadi
was, Rubbish may be shot here." To
,w, Lie
nyftladed: replied, " Tell the coachmen to stop then. H
trilled"" HOOKEY.—We have often heard persons
" Old Hooke), • " but we were not aware of what. gave
I.,tiL. to the cognomen until' the other day, when a friend informed
„tail oldgentleman used to pass regularly every morning
folelt.tge Strand, wearing an old-fashioned coat, with gaping
holes on te outside. It scarcely need be added, that
he frequently minus his pocket handkerchief, by the time
tat76ched Temple-bir. A thought struck him, he put
liutkPractice.,_
caused to be fastened inside of his coat
as b.etB several large fish-hooks, and thus prepared, off he went
tz:nal. Whin nearly opposite Essex-street, he found a sharp
I it his pocket ; then turning sound sharply, there stood a
with 4, making horrid faces, and screaming .out half-I
V:6 hooks Ma in his hand. "Ah ! (said the old man,)
I caught you at last?" Considering the punishment quite
betc enough, he let the fellow go; but ever afterwards, when
tiat(' the place, a parcel of pickpockets used to cry out,
re gees Old Hoolley."—Era.
HAGUE, JUNE 15.—This morning the
aisia_46ll here had to try the two Englishmen, Baribg:and Rey -
llttNy,accused of an assault on Mr. C—, living at Rotterdam.
e'
• uirk Dunker Curtius appeared as counsel for the two
Ve1.7:1114,611. Among the witnesses was Miss Emma
tticn"" beauty
travelling companion of the two Englishmen,
vo.' Beauty attracted general attention. Mr. C.—,
,Ported by four witnesses, deposed that the accused
nite: on the 15th of Ma to the Hotel de Twe. Steden,a
oatshe (Mr. C.) had breakfasted; that Baring, w
hint any provocation, had spit in his face, and. struck
'him a violent blow, while Reynolds attacked him be-
that' and likewise ifl-treated him, and wounded him, so
,he wail obliged' to keep his bed for some time.
"Position of Mr. Maitland, proprietor of the Hotel de
alt bell" Position
and of Miss Emma ('aye, stated that Mr. C-- had
a1i:1:944 to do violence to Miss Caye in that hotel, of whic
Atlrnmediately told Bath". This was positively denied by
t who declared she had allowed him all possible
—'6; on condition of his giving 1,000 f., to which he wou,ld
.
keno ni„eans agree. The two accused declared that C— was
the °P,'",or, and that they would not have gone to the hotel
,e-lotrioSteden, had not Mr. C---• invited them by a note to
him and settle the dispute that had arisen betdweoenn
with
this-4ternt of the intrigues which C-- had came
eccaye- M. Alsche, acting as public prosecutor consideredd.
tabjacts as sufficiently proved, and the assault was preme i;
eit„'-'4. lie thought, however, that there were circumstance
m;',l°llrable to the accused, and required en this ground the
imuni of the punisliment—namely, two years' imprison;
tient. a entice florins andthe costs. AI. Curtins said, thad
stied e part Of Mr. C— only that the accuse _
.4 Pay .150 dorms damages, to be applied to the relief of
aZPoor. He would wait for what his colleagues should say,
answer if necessary. The trial will be continued on
.mrsaay.
HOP INTELLIGENCE.—EA ST RETFORD,
JUNE 19. —Our accounts front all parts of this district are of
Try unsatisfactory nature, and we fear without a very great,
„ " almost immediate alteration for the better should take place,
„„,"
-"e
ere will be placed in the utmost jeopardy.—Sheffield ere,
For the future care will be given to stocking with
me Windsor Park and the grounds attached to the Royal rest.
efe• his said the Duke of Buckingham has Gffered to pre
Sent
100 brace of pheasants for that purpose.
