he means when he talks (as he did at the Com-
mon Council yesterday) of leaving the line of
road to public competition. The proper course
is for the City authorities to determine, in con-
junction with the Middlesex Magistrates, what
line of street will best unite ornament and utility.
The recent improvements in the Strand offer a
fine example of the spirit in which public im-
provements should be prosecuted, as far as those
objects are concerned. One nearer home is Lon-
don-bridge, which promises to be a lasting monu-
ment of the enterprize and magnificence of the me-
tropolis. Economy is certainly not to be over-
looked, but our City economists may depend
upon it that money saving is not always economy.
The annual expenditure of foreigners in a city
which had the character of being the most mag-
nificent, as %yell as the largest and most populous
in Europe, is worthy of being taken into the
calculation of the profit and loss of such an un-
dertaking as we now urge the City to enter upon.

We direct attention to some particulars of a
Reform dinner at Horncastle (at which the
Right Honourable C. TENtLYSON presided),
which will be found in another column. At
this dinner the Honourable Mr. PELI-lAM an-
nounced the gratifying intelligence, that Ministers
have already prepared a Bill for Church Reform,
as also some measures for the speedy abolition
of Negro slavery.

We have just read a pamphlet (published by
RIDGWAY), from the pen of Lord TEYNHAM,
entitled " How it must Work," which is ad-
dressed to the electors of the United Empire,
and puts forth many ingenious hints as to what
sort of representatives they should select, and
what sort of pledges they should exact from
them, in order to make Reform a really sub-
stantial boon to the nation. In this pamphlet
Lord TEYNHAM shows himself, a close, clear-
headed reasoner, who deals little in fine-spun
theories, but invariably keeps his eye fixed on the
practical working of every great question. As a
Reformer, he is bold and uncompromising, to
an extent indeed that were he in a condition to
become a candidate for a seat in St. Stephens,
would ensure his return for the most Radical town
in the kingdom. After hinting at the necessity of
some improvements in the Constitution of the
House of Lords, so as to meet the improved
spirit of the age, he goes on to discuss the policy
of ejecting the Bishops from that Ilouse. " Can
we," asks his Lordship,

" Can we, in such a condition of the civil polity of
these two great and improving nations, maintain our ex-
traordinary Church Establishment—the cruel and oppres-
sive system of tithes—the useless Cathedrals, with their
enormous wealthe apanage and endowments—the merci-
less Protestant Church of Ireland, whose sole use is the
creating riches, and earthly dominion, for the near con-
nections of the Minister of the day? Can we do ali this
in peace and quiet, in the face of the universal feelings of
men? Already the case is decided. An army of 30,005
men is requisite to collect the tithes in Ireland ; and what
army will be able to collect them in England five years
hence ? I, therefore, with all humility, suggest, that it
becomes the House of Lords to set the first example, of a
great improvement in the system of the State, by sending
to the Commons a Bill of exclusion of all ecclesiastical
persons from grate in the Upper House. Religion must
he benefited by their exclusion. Christ and his Apostles
never designed Bishops as lawgivers for men, but tells
them humbly to teach the law of God. Under all exist
ing circumstances of this nation, the Bishops ought to be-f
truly happy is escape those vexatious and bad feelings o
the people towards them, that must result from the dis-
cussions on Church Reform, that will inevitably occupy
Parliament in the next Session.

" I, also, from the example of France and America,
beg leave to propose that the age of 25, complete, should
be the period when a Peer covld take his seat in the House
for the future. The four valuable years to youth, from
21 to 25, should be employed in a survey of the united
empire, and an investigation into all its great branches of
industry, by those who claim seats in the House of Lords ;
Ind in order to secure that direct attention to the high and
important duties of his great station by a Peer of Parlia-
ment, it is incumbent on us to abandon the privilege of
voting by proxy, one of the most tnonstrous legislative
enactments that ever existed in this or any other country."

His Lordship's query, " what army will be
able to collect tithes in England five years
hence ?" is well and seasonably put. Already that
spirit is at work, which must either sweep them
wholly away, or so modify the system as to pre-
vent its being any longer the incubus on agri-
cultural enterprise that it has hitherto been. As
regards the exclusion of the Bishops from the
House of Lords, that question is also hastening
to its inevitable final result with pretty nearly as
much rapidity as the one of tithes. Hitherto the
Bishops have kept their seats in the Upper
House, not as guardians of national, but of
Tory, interests, consequently, with the decline
of those interests, their sun also must set. With
Lord TEYNHAM'S proposal for settling certain
inalienable" national grants on pauper Peers,
merely, as it should seem, " because some of
aot
b at
eca allus
them boast of the highest lineage amongst us,"
we c
‘eVscheyarheaPppeeernss
t 0
00
be
pensioned
ea gt
rheeei; d nt
ancient ? What advantage does the nation reap
from such descent ? The idea is preposterous.
We have already paid so much for high lineage,
that it is full time we should tie our purse-strings,
and button close our pockets. His Lordship
proceeds to advise that questions of the following
import should be put by his constituents to every
Parliamentary candidate. " These grand ques-
tions," adds his Lordship" are

" The reduction of the interest of the Debt?
" The abolition of Tithes ?
" The state of the Church Property, and the justice and
propriety of its application to purposes of the State?

. .
. _ ..
" The abolition of all Excise Taxation?
" An ascending Property Tax on all property, visible
and tangible, for the purposes of the State ?
" A cheap system of Government, and of National De-
fence ?

" Abolition of Slavery; freedom to our Colonies, under
a domestic form of Government of eheir own, and at their
own expense?
" A sound Monetory System, and perfect freedom in the
trade of Banking ?

Abolition of Bounties and Monopolies of every descrip-
tion ?

" A general plan of Education for the people, and no
Taxes on any article connected with the circulation of
knowledge ?
" A revision of the Union with Ireland, and alterations
therein, adopted to the spirit of the age, and the wants of
Ireland ?

" A revision of the Free Trade System, in order to form
an improved plan of Navigation Laws—the palladium of
the Seas ; that, of course, includes the Corn Laws ?
" A new legal code of Cheay Justice, at the public ex-
pense, and little occasion for Lawyers ?
" A Municipal System, founded on the laws of Alfred,
and Edward the Confessor ?"
_ _

His Lordship sums up with a pointed and
energetic appeal to the whole body of electors, in
which he exhorts them to turn a deaf ear to all
general professions, and return none but those
who will solemnly and:specifically pledge them-
