CERTIFICATES—MA ac it 16.

W. Jones, New Bond-street, St. George, Hanover-agave,
!inen-draper—W. Jameson, Hackney, tailor—R. H. Gibson, Aid-
borough, Norfolk, surgeon—R. Brandon, Lucas-street, Rather-
lithe, market-gardener—J. Long and B. Burn, FOuberes-plate,
Regent-strePt, fishmongers.—J. Mann, York-street, Southwark,
coal-merchant—H. Oruro, Sutton, Surrey, litue:burner—W.
Barry, Bruton, Somersetshire, banker—J. Old, Bridreittr,
So-
merset ire, inn-holder—L. Cotntesse, Upper King-street,
;Jury, watch-case-manufaeturer--1 Hartley. Whited:lapel; wine-
merchant—N. Gough, A. Gough, and M: Gough, Salford, Lau-
caahire, eotton-spinners--W. P. Coley, Wincheeter House, Otd
3road-street, wine-merchant.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
T. Sadler and J. Ewen, Woollarington, Sussex, peetem...l—
and J. Henry, Gloncester, linendrapers—J. Mug* aid
W. Smith, Leeds. worsted sPinners--T. Martin and C. Haydoi.
Wandiworth, linendrapeis—A. Tour and S. Were, 31t.1,
porter brewers—R. Gook and W. Laws, Norwich, coaols pr•-
prietors—J. Brown and G. Hubbard, Regent-street, milk moose
—T. Ellice and J. Corfield, London Wall, boatinakskir7R.
Grundy and P. Ditchfield, jun., Keareley; Lancashire, cotua
pinners--.1. Andrews and Co. King's Lynn, Norfolk-4, 'parker.
sen., and J. Barker, jun., Lower Crosslee,. Yorkshire, coital
spinners—J. Kiniber and Co. York, grocers (as far u regards J.
Kimber)—J. Tatton and J. Spencer, Little Queen-street, Lincoln's
Inn-fields, coachmakets—J. Tombs and D. Morgan, Haverford-
west, butter merchants—J. Thredder and W. Yates, Fleet-street,
hatter:—J. Gibson and J. Ellis, Princes-street, HanoVer-equars,
t dlors—G. Stokes and W. Fann, Nottingham, joiners-9. J.
Newton and T. J. Davies, Little Chelsea, brewers—D. P. Hack
and W. Hack, Brighthelmstone, linendrapers—O. Tomlin and
W. Simpson, Richmond, Yorkshire, attornies--G. Lindsay and
W. Hayne, Gement's-lane, Lombard-street, grocers—W,
_Wright
and W. F. Blicke, Greville-street, Biunswick-square, surgeons
--J. W. Lyon and A. S. Lyon, Mansell-street, Goodman's-
fields, importers of beads.

SCOTCH SEQUESTRATIONS. •
J. Maxwell and H. Morrison, Glasgow, manufiictairg r
23, and March 14, at twelve, at the Black Buff Glut°'
J. Edington, Edinburgh, grocer, Feb. 23* and March 15, 84
one, at the Royal Exchange Coffee-house, Edinburgh. '
J. Locke and J. Hutton, Edinburgh, ironmongers; Mira' 6
and 21, at one, at the Royal Exchange Coffee-hove, Ediohurlfb.

MEETINGS OF CREDITORS.

LONDON DlARY.—TuasnaT, neli• *hi
Commissioners, Basinghan-street.)
Aldersley, W., Gravesend, wad:master-11
Bantock, W., Clement's-lane, timber-mercbant-10
Beard, N., Kenin
ngt on, brewer-11
Benson, R., Lloyd's, broker—l
Biggs, J., Lewisham, Kent, builder-1
BOwen, ~ Lynn, draper-11
Browne, J., Walthamstow, surgeon-11
Brown, J., Shadwell, plumber-11
Chapman, S., Cheapside, warehouseman—lo
Cla4son, J., Austin-friars, ship-owner-9
Cranfield, J., Newington, tailor-11
Cruso, H., Leek, silk-manufacturer-11
Crusoe, H., Portqea, auctioneer-11
Darvill, R., Rateliff, cheesernonger-10
Devereux, F., Philpot-lane, provision-agent—I 0
Dixon and Co., Huddersfield, merchants-10
Dolby, T., Catherine-street, bookseller-10
Fairland, R., Bermondsey, glue-manufact.
Finden, J., Marylebone, carpenter-12
Fry, J., Bermondsey, currier-11
Hall, R., Bank-buildings, merchant --1
Ilarrop, J., Saddleworth, clothier-12

COUNTRY DIARY, TUrSDAY, FIN. *7.
Atkinson, J., Stockton--Black Lion, Stockton-11
Banks, W., Pains-lane, Salop—Sun, Wellington—,
Bateson, J. and J., Wortley—C,ourt-house, Leeds-10
Bottomley, J., Delph, Saddleworth—Ramsden's Anna, trot-
dersfield-1 1
Brearley, J., Bolton—Star, Manchester-9
Clarke, T., Oswestry—George, Liverpool-71
Davies, S., Llandovery—White Lion, Bristol-12
Drury, C., Whetstone—White Hart, Hartlebury-1 1
Elkington, C., Birmingham—Red Lion, Birmingham
Flicker,- W., Bradford—Angel, Mere-10
Flower, T., Melksham—White Hart, Bath-11
C'ireaves and Co. Liverpool—Mr. Brabner, Liverpool --1
Hague, J., Ashton—White Bear, Mancht,r7-
1
Hawker, J., Birmingham—Royal hotel, Wongll-11
M Worcester--]!l!Haynes, J., Birmingham—France andanchester-1 0
rcester--
Hodgson, T., Pendleton—White's,
hotel,
a ,
mninghw i 0
Hooker, W., Liverpool--Roy al hotCOßtrau

MR. JOSEPH WOLFF,
THE CONVERTED HEBREW MISSIONARY TO TE

JEWS IN PALESTINE AND THE EAST.

TO THE EDITOR Or THE SUN.

Sim,

Goseoav Fan. 16, 1827.
The rev ant vies of this extraordinary and highly-gifted indivi-
dual having caused the deepest interest in this place and neigla-
bourhood, I think it may be gratifying to your _ ,aders tti, peru.s
a short account of him, together with a narrative which he gat
of his proceedings in Palestine and the East, at public meetina
of the Portsmouth, Portseas and Gosport Association, in Conner,
tion with the London Society for Promoting Christianity amonT
the Jews, held on Monday last in Portsea and in this town. To
do justice to his peculiarly engaging extrdefice, and most interest-
ing narrative, is quite imposaihlta To form an adequate concq-
lion of him, he must be seen and heard. Although he is but im-
perfectly acquainted with the English tongue, his superior intel-
lect rises above every difficulty, and he fixes the attention of his
auditors in a most surprising manner, appearing never at a loss
for expressions, and possessing an originality of thntaglit and rich-
ness of imagination which are beyond measure beautiful, and
altogether above description. Mr. Wolff, who is a German
by birth, at as early an age as seven years, listened with avi-
dity and eager curiosity to the subject of Christianity; and,
from that period to the time of his conversion, the Subject
was never asleep in his mind: In his youth, for smile time; 1
he studied in the College of the Propaganda at Rome, till,
being disgusted with the errors of the fkoenish Church, he
fled from the captivity of the modern Babylon ; and, ha-
ving studied the Orientel languages at a foreign L'ai-
versitv, arrived some years ago in this country, and having
been farther prepared for his mission, at Cambridge, proceeded
under the auspices of some zealous individuals connected with the
London Society, as a ineelenger of the gospel, to his benighted
brethren in the East, to whom, as well as to Papist and Mnsatil-
man, Pagan /sad Greek, has he been a faithful seitnest for the last
six years,. In his own words, as far as I can recollect them, I
Shill in part endeavour to give you the outline of his narra-
tive. He commenced by addressing in a most affecting manner,
tooth Christians and Jews, stating his solemn belief in the glo-
rious truths of the gospel; that he was now, through the bles-
sing of God, a worshipper of Christ crucified, Ms Lord ;
and he would declare to • his brethren the Jews—yes, his
brethren ! though they would gnash with their teeth as they heard
him—that Jesus of Nazareth, was his Lord; that Jeans of Natareth
had brought mace to his soul ; that Jesus was his glory_was his
salvation. He proceeded to narrate, with much earnestness and
unaffected simplicity, many cireumstances of his missionary la-
bours since IS2I ; related many anecdotes connected with the in-
tercourse he had held with the Jews, Mahommeslans, Rothan Ca-
tholics, and Christians of the Greek and other Eastern Churches.
At Cairo he had enjoyed a profitable interview with a sect of
Jews, walled the Keraim, who observe with much strictness the
I aw of Moses, and who are the purest of Israelites In the worship
of Jehovah. He had joined in their synagogue service ;he had
sung with them their hymns of &application ; and having unit s
in the chores " Hasten, hasten, 0 Lord ! the time of thy
coming, and deliver thy people," he added, " Look unto him,
whom ye have pierced, and mourn ; then will the Lord
hasten his coming, and deliver his people," They were much af-
fected, and listened to him with the greatest attention. The de-
scription of his feelings on entering the Holy City of Jerusalem
eras truly beautiful and touching—it was nearly as follows ; but
without the harmonious cadence of his voice, and expressive
manner, much is lost :

" Ichabod, Ichabod ! where is the glory ? My feet stand with-
in the walls of Jerusalem, where reigned Melchizedec, King of
Salem, Prince of Peace,—the mysterious type of Jesus, my Lord,
the King of his penple !
" Ichabod, Ichabod ! where is the glory ? My feet stand w:th-
in the walls of Jerusalem, wherz band swept the strings Gf Lie
lyre, and sung in those spiritual songs so sweetly of Jesus !
" Ichabod, Ichabod ! Wht,.re is the glory? My feet stand
in the walla of Jerusalem, where Jesus, my Lord, lived, r
and wrought his miracles so many,—but where is the glory
" Ichabod, Ichabod ! where is the glory ? My feet sta n.l v.:;.1-
in the walls of Jerusalem, where Jesus, my Lord, rose again rrom
the grave, and triumphed over the power of death !
Ichabod, Ichabod ! where is the glory ? My feet stand v ith-
in the walls of Jerusalem, where Jesus, my Lord, ascended on
high, and led captivity captive; and is now sat down at the right
hand of power. Jesus, my Lord !,.--Jesus, my God ! but, alas,
where is the glory ?"

At Jerusalem he met with much encouragement; and sometime
afterwards, visiting Constantinople, he found, to his great joy, and
that, too, upon the testimony of his enemies, that not fewer than 300
Jews had been brought to a knowledge of the truth by the instru-
mentality of three Rabbies, to whom he himself had preached
ea the holy city; and he stated that s' me of these converts have
eince sealed their testimony with their blood. He next spoke of
Aleppo and of Antioch ; and if any thing could give an additional
interest to the narration of the earthquake in those quarters, it is,
that the tale should be told by Wolff. He had arrived in the neigh-
bourheod a few (lays before the tremendous visitation, and providen-
tially' was saved in the midst of danger. It was indeed a fearful
time. He compared the sounds from beneath his feet to the howl-
ing of doleful spirits in the regions of despair and darkness. " The
Lord looked down from heaven ; the earth trembled and shook ;"
sad 60,000 souls were in two minutes plunged into eternity !
This was a time when Jew and Turk, Arab and A'-'nenian, Papist
and Syrian, all forgot their respective religious distinctions, and,
gathering enerly around me, joined unanimously in my hasty
ejaculations, crying God is the greatest —the Lord he is greatest
such an hour men learn to pray !"
In Mesopotamia he had an interview with the Chief of the
Rechabites, by whom he was informed, that in the neighbour-
hood of Mecca, there existed no less than 60,000 of the descendants
of P.-chab lieing in tents, having neither house nor barn, nor
field, nor vineeael ; ace:et-ling to the usage of their an-
cestors, abeai.ii train :yin sad strong drink. He said the
Chief invited him e, partake of their hospitality, in the land of
their sojourn ; and, hastily mnunting his steed, fled away, and
was lost in the desert, exclaiming, in the original Hebrew, the
words by the Prophet Jeremiah, chap. 35, v. 19., " Therefore,
thus saith the Lord of Hosts, the God of Israel, Jonadab, the s:n of
Rechab, shall not want a man to stand before the Lord for ever !
Perhape in the whole course of my pilgrimage I never expe-
rienced a moment of more perfect delight than this, to have Scrip-
ture so strikingly illustrated, and the word of God so forcibly
verified. In the wild of the desert, in the unfrequented paths of
the wilderness, on the heights of the mountains, the same word
of God will find its witnesses."
In Persia he had met with copies of the New Testament, which
be had circulated among the Jews in Egypt two years before, and
which by those same Jews had been distributed among their
brethren. He found the Jews in Shiraz and Ispahan much dia_
posed to receive the gospel. He spoke with great energy on the
subject of the idolatry of the Romish and Greek Churches, and
stated that he had remarked, the further he went to the East,
and the more distant from Romish error and idolatry, the more
prepared were the Jews for the reception of the gospel, and the
less they were prejudiced against him. Many spoke to him with
affectionate remembrance of Henry Martyn. " Henry Martyn
had written ens book, only one book, against the errors of Ma-
hommed, and that still remained unanswered, though forty books
had been published against him. Truly has Henry Martyn
kindled a light in Persia which will never go out." In another
part of Mesopatamia Mr. Wolff had discovered a church of Chal-
dean Christians existinc, is a state of great religious purity,
though almost destitute of the Holy Scriptures ; he added, " they
had understood that in the West men write one hundred copies of
them in an hour," (to them the art of printing is entirely un-
known), and they earnestly implored him to supply them with
these invaluable treasures. I brought home copies sufficient, and
at this moment I have the happiness to know that an edition is
preparing in the Chaldean tongue by the British and Foreign
Bible Society. Soon, my beloved English friends, I shall again
leave this blessed country for the scene of my labours in the East ;
again I shall visit my benighted brethren, and oh, may the glo-
rious gospel burst with full light on their minds. Pray for me,
my friends, pray that your labourer may be faithful. I have
not told you of my own privations I will not tell you ; I will
not tell you of dreary wastes and howling wildernesses ; I will
tell you that Jesus is my Lord, Jesus is my God ; he is my sal-
vation, and he is even with me on the plain; in the desert, and
en the motietain.; and bath he not said, I will never leave thee,
nor forsake thee ?' "
Thus did this modern Apostle bear witness to the truth of the
blessed gospel in his narration ; he related many more interesting
fact.; but I feel that I have already too far trespassed on your
columns. I must, therefore, content myself by recomenendi.
every individual, to whom the opportunity offers, (if only from
motives of curiosity), to see and hear this astonishing individual.
I remain, Sir, your obedient servant,

MRS. FRY.—This celebrated lady visited New-
gate yesterday. She was afterwards introduced by the Governor,
Mr. Bourne, to the Commission Court. She sat for a short time
on the Bench with the Judges, during which she kept up with
their Lordships an animated conversation. She was attended by
her sister-in-law, Miss Fry, by Mr. Gurney, and some ladies of
her' wn persuasion.--Dublin Register.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT,

HOUSE OF LORDS—Fza. 23.
CATHOLICS.

Earl SPENCER presented a Petition from the
Roman Catholic Inhabitants of some United Parishes in Ireland,
praying to be relieved from the Laws against Catholics.
Viscount LORTON rase to present A P!titiz,.-ii
from the Protestant Ink: -et'a °I the County of Sligo, against
granting any further concessions to Catholics; and in presenting
it) he 'begged to say a few words on the subject matter of the Pe-
tion. He wished to see Emancipation in Ireland—he wan an ad-
vocate for Emancipation—Lbot it tiaS the Emancipation of the
Protestants, not the Emancipation of those who urged their
clad'asin a manner hostile to the constitution of the country. He
could assure their Lordships that the Protestants were persecuted
and proscribed in Ireland, And strodld be foteed tilt of the coun-
try or annihilated, if they were not protected. There was a
Red. an Catholic Parliament sitting at Dublin, which had been
more outrageous since an Act of Parliament had been passed to
put it down, The Catholic Association continued its meetings,
and was more mischievous than ever. At first, the higher crderi
stood aln•er; but after the Clergy gai7e it theii- countenance, it
was joined by all 'multi+, from the highest to the lowest, and all
the members were as tealous in the cause as the first furious De-
magogdes. He deplored the extraordinary power posse'ssed by
those who derived their power from professing the Popish Reli-
gion over the minds and boaes of tVleir people. The Dublin
Convocation Made the most furious attacks on the Constitution
atd Church of this country, and even held up individuals to pub-
lic reprobation, so far as to excite to assassination when an op-
portunity might occur. If this society, were nut subprented—if
the leaders were allowed tb gb on Making their inflammatory
speeches--a rebellion Must take place ; but he hoped prompt and
efficacintis measures would be taken by their Lordships to put an
end to this state of things. The leaders would be the first to
escape ; but he hoped they would not be allowed to run away._
These demagogues were playing a desperate game ; how long they
were to continue he did not knot's% If they did not succeed, the
leaders would be the first to desert. They spread, by their
papers, the most inflammatory speeches over the land. In their
view, Protestant and Orangeman were syhonimous ; and both
were heretics. There was no hope of any improvement till the
Reformation was introduced into Ireland ; and he was happy to
say that a Scriptural Reformation was now going on. His Lord-
ship then referred, to show the sort of writings circulated by the
Catholics, to some kind of Address to the Catholics, which ap-
peared like an election squib against his Lordship. As a specimen
of the language used by the Catholic Priests, his Lordship also re-
ferred to the Sermon of a Catholic Priest, who had said "Blood
had been shed in France, blood had been shed in Spain, and why
should not Ireland assert her rights." This had been said by a
Roman Catholic Clergyman, on Sunday, June 18, a few days be-
fore the Roscommon Election was to begin, and the person who
heard it had made an affidavit to the fact. This Clergyman had
received several acts of kindness froth him, and he had contributed
towards repairing his-chutch. Both Protestants and Roman Ca-
tholics would be much benefitted by emancipating the people from
the dominions of furious bigots, who held the bodies and souls of
the poor people in absolute slavery. He hoped their Lordships
would take the petitions he should then have the honour to pre-
sent to them into their serious consideration. Besides the petition
from the County of Sligo, lie had petitions from the Protestant
Clergy of the Diocese of Elphin, from the Protestant Clergy
of the Diocese of Killaloe, and from the Protestant Clergy
of the Diocese of Clogher. He had also petitions to present from
the Presbyterian Congregation in, and from the Inhabitants of
some town in the County of, Monaghan, all praying that their
Lordships would not endanger the Protestant Establishment by
granting further privileges to the Catholics. The latter petition,
in particular, was worthy of their Lordships' attention, because it
had been said that the church to which the petitioners belonged wag
favourable to the prayers of the Catholics. His Lordship then
adverted to the manner in- which the Church of Ireland was
attacked in the Irish Journals, particularly by a Reverend
Author, xho always used the intials J. K. L. (Dr. Doyle), and
whose writings had made a great noise in Ireland, and would pro-
bably make a noise in England. His Lordship quoted a long
passage from one of the letters of J. K. L., pointing out the
errors of the Protestant Church, and predicting its certain fall.
There was a secret inquisition established in Ireland, and he called
on their Lordships to emancipate the Protestants from this inqui-
sition, and save the country from the most serious evils. His
Lordship concluded by presenting the petitions he had mentioned,
and moving that they be read.

Lord KING—The Noble and Learned Lord on
the Woolsack had, on a former occasion, objected to their Lord-
ships making long speeches when they presented petitions, but he
supposed he would make an exception to the Noble Viscount, on
account of the similarity of the sentiments he entertained with
those which the Noble and Learned Lord professed himself. The
Noble Viscount said, the Protestants were oppressed and pro-
scribed ; perhaps they were ; but he would read a short passage
from a petition he should afterwards present to their Lordships
from the opposite party. Their Lordships had heard from the
Noble Viscount that the law-makers were oppressed. The peti-
tion he should read a passage from would chew that the Roman
Catholics were not better off than the Protestants. His Lordship
read a short extract from a petition, saying that the political re-
strictions imposed on the Catholics, held them tip as marks of
hostility, and as objects of scorn ; wrong was heaped on wrong,
and reproaches on reproaches, and they were held up as unworthy
of the consideration of the Legislature. The complaints made
by the Noble Viscount reminded him of the fable of the Wolf
and the Lamb. The lamb was tried and found guilty by wolf
law ; and the Catholics of Ireland were like lambs under the wolf
law of the Protestants.

The LORD CHANCELLOR admitted that he
had, on a former occasion, when presenting a Petition to their
Lordships, taken an opportunity to express his opinion, that it
was more consistent with the usages of Parliament, that Noble
Lords should not make the presenting Petitions an occasion for
entering into a debate. T:.e Noble Baron had not chosen to fol-
low this advice, though he had always thrown his words back in
his teeth. When the Noble Lord talked of wolves and lambs, it
was not difficult for their Lordships to decide whether the Peti-
tions he usually presented came from the wolves or the lambs
While he was on his legs, he would take that opportunity of stat-
ing, that for twenty-five years he had given the subject to which
the Petitions related his most serious consideration, such as he
was bound to give it in order to come to a right conclusion as to
this important question. He would not then enter into it, re-
serving the full expression of his opinion for the day when the
question should be debated ; but he would declare, that in his
conscience he thought, though he did not say that other Noble
Lords might not conscientiously think differently, that to grant
the Catholics any further concessions would be to betray the civil
and religious liberties of this country.

Lord KING then presented a Petition from certain
Roman Catholics in the Country of Kerry. praying to be relieved
from their political disabilities.

The Marquis of LANSDOWN had several Pet:-
tions to present to their Lordships on the subject of the Catholics ;
and, though he did not mean to question the privilege of any
Noble Lord to address any observations he might think proper to
their Lordships, on presenting a petition, yet it had been under-
stood, in consequence of what had been stated by a Noble Earl,
whose attendance they were, unfortunately, deprived of, that no
public business should begin, and no speeches be made, on de-
batable topics, before five o'clock. He regretted, for hi■ own
sake, that the Noble Viscount had not waited for this hour ; for
he had, in consequence, only heard the latter part of the Noble
Viscount's Speech ; but he had heard that with pleasure; and
should, no doubt, have listened to the whole of it with the greatest
satisfaction, though he might have come to a very different
conclusion as to the causes and remedies of that unhappy state of
things in Ireland, und,r the existing law, to which the Noble
Viscount had borne testimony, He hoped that Noble Lord, and
other Noble Lords who might differ from him, should he not
have the happiness to induce their Lordships to adopt his conclu-
sions on the subject of Ireland, when he should bring the question
I before them, would suggest those remedies which they thought
would remove the evils under which Ireland now suffered ; for he
wonld never believe, until he heard it from some Noble Lords,
standing on his legs in that House, that there was any of their
Lordships who thought Ireland could remain as it now was. The
Noble Viscount had borne his testimony to the great discomfort
now suffered by individuals, and to the interruption of public tran-
quillity. He hoped, therefore, that he would assist their Lordships
with his councils in providing a remedy for these evils. The
Noble Marquis concluded by presenting several petitions from
places in the county of Limerick, from Athlone, and other parts,
all praying their Lordships would remove the disabilities under
which the Catholics now labour.

The Earl of CLARE presented several petitions
from the Roman Catholic inhabitants of several different parishes
to the same effect.

The Bishop of EXETER presented a petition
with a contrary prayer from a parish of the City of Exeter.

The Bishop of GLO UCESTER presented several
petitions from the different Rural Deans and Clergy of the Diocese

of Olotteester,praying that their Lordships would grant no further
power to the Stoman Catholl6.
CORN LAWS.

Lord GWYDYR presented a petition from the
Owners and Oecupiers of Land near Spilsby, Lincolnshire, again.
any alteration in the Corn Laws.
The Marquis of LOTHIAN presented similar, pe.
iiiiciiii from the nawiA, Jedburgh, and Kelso districts of pox-
! bur,7,ll:bire.
Lord TEYNHAM moved for some further Re-
turns relative to Cprn, the nature of which we dial not hear. His
. Loi.dthir pretented a peilti6it against any alteration in the Corn
Laws, from the Owners and Occupiers of Land in the neighbour-
hood of Hythe, Kent.
Lord KING presented a petition from the Work-
ing. cla.er of Marchi!ster; agreed to at a public meeting held
on February 21st, partly praying cot a repel cf ihe Corn Laws,
and partly against the proposed grant of money to the Duke of
1 Clarence. The petitioners said, that they could not imagine that
the dignity of a Prince could be increased by receiving a sum of
money, taken from a people who were starving from the vicissi-
tudes of trade, from excessive taxation, and from a Corn Law,
Which prevented them getting cheap bread. On adcotint of some
informality, we could not learn what, this petition was withdrawn.
The Marquess of HERTFORD or6dzited s6yetal
Ptitions flour the Oiltners and Occupiers of Land at different
places in Warwickshire, against any alteration in the Corn Laws.
Lord KING, in presenting another Petition, took
that opportunity of remarking, that their Lordships were, he
thought, a little prudish in rejecting the Petition he had offered
them last night, from Blackbtirii. Theit Lordships might, he
thought, have taken the expressions, though they were somewhat
harsh, in better part. He found, on looking at the votes of the
other House, that it was there recorded, " The Petition of the
Starving Wearers of Blackburn, received, read, and ordered to be
laid on the Table." In the Petition he should then present,
which was from the Weavers of --, is Fife, there were

' some expressions at which their Lordships might perhaps also
' take offence. The Petitioners said, that they were taxed for the
' benefit of a particular class, which might make some of their
Lordships reject the Petition. Some persons were very indignant
at the imputations cast on their Lordships by the Petitioners yes-
terday, and did not like the character given of them : but he
would then read for them the opinion of as great a philosopher,
and acute observer, as ever lived on either side of the Atlantic, on
Legislative Assemblies. Dr. Franklin said, " It is wonderful
how preposterously the affairs of this world are managed. Natu-
rally, one would imagine that the interest of a few particulars
should give way to general interest. But particulars manage their
affairs with so much more application, industry, and address, than
the public do theiis, that general interest most commonly gives
way to particular. We assemble Parliaments and Council to have
the benefit of their collected wisdom, but we necessarily have, at
the same time, the inconvenience of their collected passions, pre-
judices, and private interests. By the help of these, artful men
overpower the wisdom, and dupe its possessors; ant if we may
judge by the acts, decrees, and edicts, all the world over, for re-
gulating commerce, an assembly of wise men is the greatest fool
upon earth." His Lordship concluded by presenting a Petition,
praying for an alteration in the Corn Laws.
The Earl of LI NIERICK thought, that whatever
might be the practice in another place, that could be no rule for
their Lordships; and they did very right, in his opinion, by re-
jecting a petition, the language of which was insulting to them.__..
Now the Noble Baron, after sleeping over the matter, had come
down to their Lordships, and described, on the authority of Dr.
Franklin, an assembly of great men as the greatest fool in exist-
ence. He did not care for the authority of Dr. Franklin, for he
was one of the greatest enemies this country ever had, and one
of the chief means of separating the Colonies from the Mother
Country.

Lord KING presented a petition with a similar
prayer to the former ones from the Borough of Hawick, in Scot-.
land.

Earl POWIS presented a petition against any al-
teration of the Corn Laws, from certain Landowners and Occu-
piers in the county of Shropshire.
The Earl of CAERNARVON presented several
petitions to the same effect from different places in Bedfordshire,
and from Newbury, Berks. The Noble Earl said, on a question
of this nature, which he thought was of vital importance to the
whole empire, he hoped their Lordships would agree to no altera-
tion whatever which was not the result of a full and complete
inquiry.

Mr: Clerk, from the Directors of the East India Company, pre-
sented at the Bar the Reiolutions of the Directors, relative to

granting Salaries, Pensions, and Allowances.
PROTECTION FOR MILLERS.
The Earl of KINGSTON presented a petition
from the Owners of Mills in Clonmel, praying their Lordships
that their interests might be protected against the introduction of
foreign flour.

The Marquis of HERTFORD presented a similar
petition from the Owners of certain Mille in Ireland.

Adjourned till Monday.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
The SPEAKER (alluding, as we understood, to
the adjournment on account of his indisposition the night before)
begged leave, before any other business commenced, to return Ms
best thanks to the House for their indulgence to him individually.
He I ad often received unbounded favours and indulgence from the
House, and he was anxious that it should be understood that he
was not insensible to such favours—(Hear, hear.)
