FROM 711 E DirTCPI PAP. ;RS.

HAGUE., SEPT. High Mightinessea, re.
presenting the Batavian Commonwealth, being
summoned to attend an extraordinary meeting this
clay, repai,rod about twelve- o'clock to the place of
the said As:,entlily, in full costume...
At two his Excellency the PENstowkwv,,accom,.
vgnied by liia Ministers, repaired: to the 6a! op place
In the following order :
4, det;icliinent of the Body Gnards -on horseback.
Two Me,i4engeni of State. • . ,
A coach with two horse's, in which sat the Secre-
.
Wry. of State for the Interior, VAN STRAALEN,
and the Secretary of State liar the Department of
I intnee, M. Goo Ft.,
A coach with two horses, in which sat the Secre-
tary for the War Department." M. rUl4Ali, and the
provisory .Sec:rvtary Of the Department of the Navy,
M. V4.,glloTgtv.
A .coach with two horacs, in which were the Ge-
neral Secretary of State, liNLlTuvrmAs, with the Se-
cretary of State for the Voreign Department, Iv!.
VANPF;R P0T,13..
A Chambi rl; in, with four Messengers of State.
A coach with six horses, surrounded by six' foot-
men in state liveries, in which sat his; Excellency the
PENSIONA.RY, in his grand, costume..
A detachment of Body Guards On horseback
closed the procession.,,
The said high personages, on arthing in the
same order at the plai*.o %where their 'l4ighliesses
soluble, repaired,, whilst the. Chief C3uard was pa.
railing tinder arnis, through the Library and the
'Anti-chamber, into the Hall of the High Mighti-
nesses, where Ills Excellency, seated in an arm
chair prepared for the occasion, opposite 'the Pre-
sident, opened the As:writ* with the following Ad-
dress

fittlti AND MIGHTY LOItDS, •
." I have thought proper to summon your High
Mightinesses, in an extraordinary manner, lin order
to propose to your Assembly some sitlijeets; the' eke
pediting of which I conceive; to be of urgent import-
' once to the interest of the State.
number of ordinances, which are planned
pursuant to the general taxation. decreed by. your
High. Mightinesses, will tee proposed, in this extra-
ordinary Sitting, for the deliberation of your High
Alightinesses. In the 'planning of them, I have
principoliy endeavoured •to obtain this' end, that,
pu the one band, in the limitations contained
therein, the force may be found which can ensure
the execution of the laws decreed, and thereby the
receipt of the takes fixed by, your High Mighti-
nesses and on the other hand, that care be taken at
the s.4tue tirnje to remove, as much' as possible,
all superfluous impediments, and all yekatinn of the
ood inhabitants, that the raising. of the money
due to the State may be the less disagreeable and
oppressive,.. /our High Mightinesses are sensible
!low clost4t subjects are connea4 with the
finances ofour pOuntri, and this notion is sUfficient
for your High Mightinesses to perceive the import-
once thereot. The wisdom, zeal, and care for the
welfare of the country, Which, in the preceding
Session, have chati4terized the deliberations of your
High Miglitinesses, are
.IDy guarantee,' that. the .af,
' fairs, on whieh your 'High Mightinessea will haVe
to deliberate in'the lireeeiet'Sessien, will be likewise
considcred.with a gravity proportioned to their ten-
der concern.
" I was desirous t High and Mighty Lords, to be
able, on your prosentmeeting, to make-some corn-
numjeation to you, from which your High Mighti-
heWN,Migl.4 conceive some solid hope of ,a speedy
yt.t.„ gloomy as is .the political prospeet at
this moment, was haVe no reason to despa;rof a more
fortettate` turn and then, perhaps, a firmer peace
inay ratike an agreeable amends for its tardy ap-
preach. Such a peace we i,a prnUliSe to Ourselves,
urkki• the divine blessings of thegenius of our pow-
teeiti Ally ; and ) our High- Mightinesses will, '.no
loubt, belad to hear of me, at, a period like the
pre:ient, thin. l have received from hini "during the
Coni',.t hi' AthitillitittatiOtt repeated proofs, of
esteem and ivicadship, end. the most solemn as-
surances of good-will towarda the Republica
e piosirion which I shall endeavour to preserve, and to
tipster, by a constant fidelity
.to our engagements.
on thy, internal situation of the, Republic, I
4,7oneeive Abet we, in the present circumstances, have
every reason to be satisfied. The present order of
Wogs has, in a very short time, assumed a degree
of authudty and permanency which, in other hu-,
man institutions, gvnerally a constiuelicz of long
lite Gin ailment experiences in all, distrias
Of the Republic proofs of esteem and co-operation,
which are to it as honour mbleas encouraghigin the dile
Acuities it has to encounter ; and our Country at this
moment wesents the picture at' a wise and brave Na-
tion, h is able to conceive its difficult . position,.
which is disposed to submit to inevitable sacrifices, to
preserve her consequence among the Nations of ,Eu-
fop ; and which will imanlineudy
.supporl the exer-
ons of its'G,otrernthent for that °Wed.
I quit your ASsembly, High and Mighty Len's,
with a wish that the resoiuttops whiAi your High
Nlightinesses will take for the Ood' of our Country
;nay be crowned with the dirarest blessioffi4 of the
, •
1\ lost High
J-I.sserribly being thus.npenc.,o, his l'4,seeilency, •
accempenied by his Mleistere, returned sy the way
<tf the Vyverberg.
1-)sRtik, Ave. 310—.W0 trrc3 haOttrted by Letters
from Genoa, dated the toth of Angu, t, that a very
brisk cannonade was heard there on the preceding
day, Whidi, "Urals thought to taken placebo-went
the *adroit which lately soiled from that Port,
tender the command of .1$ laeottix .RonArAwra,
and the English Cruizers. There was no account of it
iftecitrect at Genoa on the above day ; but a 'report
Was curmnt that the I:',tiglish Were pursued; aud that
our Squadron proceeded on its passage to Toulon.
Pecree relative to the Conscripts, ;:is well (
the departe ef 36,900 men from the Camp on the
toast for Germany, affi)rci grounds fOr apprehending
that the Peace of the,Contiucnt may be disturbed
4 was' even Said that 'Count p
t_ Co.eitiTizt,, the
.Austrian Minister, had quittei arts but this
is
not true.
'One of our Jowrials WS-7". Prance winforces
with all speed her frontiers on the Rhine, whick
ftp-
,pesir to be Menaced' by Anstr,ta. yet'Oepeeds upon
Austthi to preserye a Tgoqt, -wbith 4 tiodo,u4eOly
r mdat 'thy, heir, (411 interest ; but so far.: tiley gar:
ett the envy',raise by the glary. and' 61..rtresti.

HE SU N.

30LILAIV)IS DIC&RZ.IALAUI4 41.1135 AT ?

LONDON,
PPIDAY, StPTLNIBErt 13, 1805.

Wr, are happy to learn that the 'arrival. of the Lee-
ward Islaud Fleet, consisting of 300 Sail, may ,be
howly expefted. Hip; Majesty's Ship Barbadoes; of
s' guns, one of the. Convoy, is arrived at Portsmouth,
having parted With the Fii.et tho ooth
lit.' 36. at which time: they were under the pro-
teOlion of His Majesty's Ships Rh/vicious, Unicorn,
PI-well**, arA &aid/cu.

TUB night Hon. enAurms LQNG is appointed
Secremry for Ireland. The experience, talents, and
conciliating manners of'this Gentleman peculiarly
qualify him for the situation, and cannot but endear
his chara&er to the People, of that Country.

The report that the Earl of HARDWICKE has re-
signed his Office of Loan LIMITENANT of IRELAND,
is not true:—We conceive, however, that his Lord-
ship's resignation is likely to take place at no distant
period.
There is no truth in the assertion in a Morning.
Print, that Mr. CANNINd is to be placed at the head
of the Board of Controul for India, in the room of
LOrd`CASTLLREA.GII.

IT was stated in an Evening Paper of last night,
and the article is copied into all the Morning-Prints,
that fi It is at length determined on to Institute an
Inquiry by Court-martial into the condua of Admiral
Sir Ronawr. CALDBR, 'at and subsequent to the
Battle off Ferrol, an the , 224 of July." All we
shall say upon the business is, that if such were the
intention of the Board of Admiralty, it is not likely
that they would convey it through the channel of a
-Newspaper.

Saar, of our Contemporaries have not only ac-
quainted their Readtrs that an Expedition upon a
very large scale was preparing, but have adually
pointed out the objeit of itsdestination ; while others,
more anxious far the welfare of the Country, have
hinted that they are in pos6ession of the secret, but
do not think it prudent to divulge it at present,
We car,not, we confess, claim any merit for our
secrecy upon this subjed—all we know, and all
that ought to be known upon the'subjeet, is, that

Government have made the most laudable exertion

to prepare a large British force to co-operate with
our Allies on the Continent; but whether that folic,
will be employed in the North or in the South of
Europe, whether it will a& in coninnaion with the
Allied Troops, or will act separately, we do not

profess to know.--The preparations, as we have
alreac'y .stated, are immense, and in addition to the
Troops which we mentioned several days age, the
first Battalions of all the Regiments of the Lie have
ret-..:„.;yed orders to hold thetnselves in readiness •••tar
Foreign Sorry. -T4ti.:....4.4:aranspayte now oalially
ready to convey 11.15;400 Infantry, and the number
•

of Cavalry that will embark at the same time will
exceed 10,000 -men.
From the great disproportion between the num-
ber of Cavalry and infantry, we are ltd to suppose
that an additional force of Infantry will very soon be
embarked for Foreign Service:

LAST night we received some more hutch Jour-
nals, though not of a later date ; but, amongst
others, the first.' number of " The Official Batavian
Gazette," published by authority of Government,
which contains the Speech of the Pensionary
SCRIMMELPENNINCK at the opening of the 'State's.-
General, which we briefly noticed yesterday..
It will readily be imagined that Sonattannw.
Nusrcx, the'creature of BONAPARTE, utters no-sen-
timents, in such a speech, but what had previously
been sanaloned by the Corsican Emperor. We
cannot, however; help pitying the, Ojai degrade=
tion of the Dutch People, when we see their
Chief Magistrate dare to talk to the States General,
the Representatives of a Nation smarting and writh-
ing under French oppression, of the," Godlike pre.
tee-lion of the great genius of our mighty
The man who utters such language will find it dif-
ficult to persuade the Dutch that hi is any thing
else than the slavish tool of BONAPARTE, ready
to join in any measure of oppression which 'the
caprice of the Usurper may dictate. When he
says also,. " With respect to the internal situa-
tion of the Republic, it appears to me, High
and Mighty Lords, that under the present cir-
cumstances, we have every reason to be satisfied," it
surely must be considered by those whom he was
addressing as a cruel mockery of their distress.
Very faint hopes are held out of Peace, but the
Pensionary does not forget to hint to the Dutch,
that they are." ready to make every inevitable sacri-
fice for maintaining their ch,aratier among Nations."
This' miserable People, to whom has only been left
by their oppressors a small portion of their once
great:wealth, and a merely nominal existence,' may
indeed well ask, what further sacrifices it is iossible
for them to make ? The ingenuity of French ex-.
aaion will, however, doubtless discover soinei new'
mode of getting at thesmall remains of Dutch pro-
perty, whilst•• the unfortunate contributors will be
insultingly reminded of. the benefits of the proteelion
of France.

The following Paragraph, which is immediately
annexed to•the account of the Sitting 01 the States-
General; and the 'opening Speech of SCHIMMEL-
rENNick, seems intended to prepare. the minds of
the Dutch for a Continental War.:

rile news received, relative to some move-
ments in Germany, especially this assemblages of;
Austrian Troops; have naturally caused. some tin.
easiness. Mean While, we ardliositively informed,
that the French Emperor takes the most etreetive
precautions against every :thing that might unek:
peaedly diturb the tranquillity established on the
Continent of Europe.; and-it, is, doubtless, a conse-
quence of his foresight, that the French and Bata-
vian l'roops, the disembarkaLion of which has ac-
tually connueneed, are marching to the Rhine with
the greatest expedition."
This, we suppose, is intended as a Supplement to
the Pensionary's Speech, and to lead the people, by
easy approaches, to the contemplation of those in-
evitable sacrifices which they will shortly be called
upon to make.

The DUKE of YORK returned to town yesterday
afternoon from Weymouth.
The DuKI of CI.AIIENCE arrived hi town yester-
day from Bushy Park.
A matrimonial union is talked of in the Jirst cir-
cles, between the Heir. Apparent of the Duke of
MECKLENBUIIOII STntLITZ and THEIR MAJESTIES'
fourth amiable daughter, the PRINCESS MARY.

The Duke of GLOUCESTER came to town yest4r-
day from BroMpton villa. His Royal Highness: bas
arranged his househOld establishment on the same
grand, wile 411 that of his late Royal: Father. The
servants, with very few exceptions, are all retained
in his Highness's employ, but some .changes et .4i.
tuations have unavoidably taken place. Prkgs-
ittET, WllO is near go years (Wage, and who has beep
a great many years in the service of the tinily, has
had hit; long and faithful services very handsomely
rewarded with a pension.
Lord NELSON; Sir SIDNEY SMITH; and General
WELLESLEY, brother to the Marquis, had yesterday
a long conference with Lord CASTLEREAGH; at,his
Office in Downing-street;
Colonel WILSON; of the Royal .Artifiery, 'arrived
at Lord Castlereagh's Office yesterday morning, with
Dispatches from Barhadoes, and -from Admiral
COCHRANE.

A Division of the British Army in India, com-
manded by. Colonel HALLIBURTON, is said to have
completely defeated the Forces of BAPQUIIE Scut/
DIAII. The BHURTPORE RAJAH'' having been aban-
doned by HoLKAR, has,. as we have already stated,
sent Vakeels to treat with General LAKE.

Letters from canton, dated die 129th of January,
state, that the silk-worm, in many peaces, had been
destroyed, and .the,sugar cane so much injured, that
not more than half of the quantity of sugar usually
made, could be inanufadured.

Major-General HoPtutits being quite re-esta-
blished in his health, in which he had suffered 'so
much during the last war, is, we are informed,
soon to have an important command, that is to be
connetted with other- arrangements and desultory
movements, as. ipay front circurnstaucei bq fcitul4
necxssary er espedient.

NAVAL NEWS,
PLYb/Gtrrif, SEPT. I i,---Arrived the Bolus Fri-
gate, of 29 guns, from the Channel Fleet, Nsith
Fleet of light Viattallers under CPciver•
Came In the Cat-dint, 14- guns,- Lieut. I. nAlthi,
With dispatcheTand letters fret') the Beet off Brest'
which she left well lost Saturday. Letters from
the Fleet stte, that a few days aince nine Sad
a
of the Enemy's Fleet were seen coming out of Brest
dmng,
with a fine breeze, but our advanced Sque
were quite becalmed at the same.time, and forced to
make-their signals horizontally for them to
be seer!,
The Enemy, after parading a few hours, keepin;,
land breeze, 14004 ihto the Outer Road of Brest
Came in a Convoy from the Westward,
Went up the Harbour to take in her new gust,
the glop, 18, in lieu of these she threw overboard
In her late chase by a French Squadron of five SA
Of the Line : she was obliged to cut away her WA
bower anchor from her bows, by which means she

escaped.r TtatiglOs nrc 1°
centorders, all the Nay y
By e
be armed with ten Q4-pound carronacles, and 0
good Seamen ; a very wise regulation, as a low dills
9111;e; a Navy Transport, armed tilis way, 'll'l6'
sailed for the River, fell in with and beat uff 1,,.
French Lugger Privateer,. of 14 guns, full of well, on
Beachy Head, and re-took a Coaster, her prize,
A .Court-Martial was held on Monday on board
O rO
Tv
iel de ,
the Salvador del Mundo, Flag Ship, in Idatnoate,
on the Boatswain of the Bcrrfleur; 'on a cbarge of
.the Navy. . ,
paired, is found so bad gliandns
Disobediencei)aep‘%r,t3:fanoco:r:iftet3rse:;:
,anbdutretih:staeht:irgielishnisortai;inigo
she will be hauled out again, and adtertised to to
sold. The Ships'inow in Dock are the Royal Geolef
is -hour)
of 110 gimp; Pornpe, 84 ; . AinZitialk, 98; IST
;dile ofesvaiivne,Dtoicokt to rorai'eci
32; G/Potore, ,3e.; and Lepwinzt,' ~ '3B: .
It is now said that Vice-Adinind Lord Nimsoa
the
Ajax, 84 guns, in ca wane' Bay,. aud proceed to
~hia command off Cadiz. -•
. Sailed the fiell6;za, 4. ,ting, to join the Channel
alla, 'e
Fleet.
.
Poirrswieuiit, SEPT. 12...—rAxiiveci the Port Nal°
(late the Blanche Frignte Yffrom the West Indies,
Ship from the North Sea Fleet ; the Pairlt.ialli
.
I‘IEAvIs, from. New .Yoga bound to italit'gru7
, ..
detained by the :elutO Sloop. of War; go) °it':
Jgotherbarik under'ilua-rantlne D' Slaoh Predrriti",
.11F.Cfc,- from Giiadrabupe; laden with coffee, Ws
• jogwood, and starch.'
The Rattler Sloop of Tollnitlg
'War has sent in here tab.
iichirad ci
de, from Stockholm, bound to o;
Sailed the Sylph Sloop of 'Warta a Clu4nile
Lady Bruce, Evatercx, for Sunderland ; 00'
ni!r, TIADcocK, for London.
Arrived the Thalia, of 36 hpins, Capt. WA.1.04
from the number. i thP
Arrived His Majesty's Ship B Was I°lll
, p or , iptit
Leeward Islands : she sailed in company sit, n 4.
130;;:ell, Saßisdilivnoi:ifiiiiesliteostr:n.ses weis'naherdi,;asbnoidulls,nusde:Viii:siaiilsnu,nntatinc(polarnertri4,eCapiiftaron' :
them on the 1 gth August, in lat. J. 48. ' 'Tr) ho
62. 2.. W. to go in ohne of a French FrigAte' fia
three latter Vessels were to return bac/c 3011°
coming to a certain latitude.
, ~
ClTO"
The Diadem Armed Ship,
with nine sal' '
ports,,. are ordered to the Do il
Downs' ' .
sailed the Safeguard Gun,brig f 4 ,}vre'
..
/...tiesi
SilEnsc krt
ss, . 'll.--Sailed the Ai
Prairi, 'fur Leigh Roads ; and illoobtichlallder
the . R iver. ,
The IPinchelsea continoes'the Sigll Cdr C°ll' 4
to Toon ingen. withill
Ali:the harbour dut,i, Ships here.. hire, , of
these few days, .been inspeited by the C,lPtr! .4
, ~
the.-17.4....q, ‘'pip, and' were found's6 cleat 111 .a. and it! op
IT4Te4t itt,so e)ivelitnt..B swept' discipline oil reers.
great {credit on the different Connuandini tt: 0
Arrived between the Great Nore and south
via
afigavtlitSlsati. it.ll°(:,ri.r Eparsotc'e:LPicinir LCtrit'herwuiTPl:ll'ilsta ..mn Pti :
ed::
ye ;$
;if
East
al
is_. t
wfl4ip a 1 1 I its eost-4114,1:40,1i. A trsi.ts. Areittuuslqpiiiiil ;
pOclrlsca, trees, MaAnanime, 'MO, Villaro s
ocentx, and aeveral other lioluh-tendcrs.
, qrre 40°P
Dear., ' SEPT. 1 2...--orriliS Morning , 1---•
~. ci)ii,
It it struck his Ono on board
Trident. The rest of the Itomeward-dr)
India Men are sailed, for the River this morning, .
Colliers.
eels, g a 40:TShelroaorli:ps:slovo17%ir:,4:rBcobir:intilelest,
s°GhliFbcri°gEtr:ror:'-vfavr_la'

.........0"---
In
Lucorti . tl.
consequetice of the arriral at Calentt3 of tho
a, having on board 400,000 clollars and I
t.tittl;perofPscictrnteieauShivip:ee,
autbliethigeinscaotitoomidersibleoggcetitei
amen the Ship-builders of the Port. It wiei soolk
a.scerniined that part of the wealth imported W'
destined to
140 r the Atert a bargain his already been struck'
.„ni
l:ho firGounc purelaSe 70,0, i 4.1) toPt;ei. PI, 4011'7'
the purchase of Bengtd-btliit Ship 9,
ir.
541:. 94.14 g Vqs44lo ge IVt Po3.la,ii,es.

IqYllf 0 Urn,' ZPT'i ii. `,,
tl,eterCil, as,His.MAJESTY, was going on taoard.
,noYal all,
he met Generals CLINTChi and -ST:
JoHN, lately retera&l frointhe East' Indies; and"con-:
tier) with them focsenie time. , • ' ', -.4 '
SOCA after the floY4t, F4stit.y's return to snore?...
they dr4sed and 'went to thetheatre, to see IVfr:.
dressed
illarldtV fn The bily Body., -ii'it'' Pre- •
'etic, in thi Farce Of 4gurt-morrotiv -.Melt- MA.'
itCrlt3 were accompanied)ay, the PilypEssEt4l the
Dykes of YoRK, Cqr4B,E4LAND, CAMPRIDG3--APCI"
'EX, Earl ChEsititirii,d; COnntesies 11,,Atitrokl
,"Ift hcar.BTER,. Ladie9 TIIYI/NR -.and 13u unti:alr, ''
;RLtd J, TnyNNg, General ,Ftizaoy • and CART
IGIIT, Colonels TAYLOR, HOWAlins DOugLAs''
114\4W, GREvut.e, arid Mrs. - DOVGLAS. The
4k
-se wai crowded in every part, and on 'Air. liiit4-
“IbTE4's entrap cehe wits received wit b enthUSi"tiC'
itPlaase. Between the Pla d :Ente
.y and
. _ r
~
...
G in .
tainment.he.
ga comic song called ne Auctioneer !. .
. liii NIAJESTY did hot ride' early this morning, on
''cotnt of some rain- falling.
14.11fEteit breakfast, the weather proving fine, His
A usli t
t , ) accompanied bY the PrilleeSSeS --17 G .' 1
i'r°llr4lll; and 4.)lLLrit, the linici,•and a numerous.
IC °I attendants', look 'an airing,. on horgeback
ibugh the B
'L Camp. Her AIAJESTY, and the Prin-.,
`lti;L'iofE.tizAarril and MARY, attended by the coj.)-..
i,, 'LcoßsTEll and Lady uLKtLE?; took an air:
• la a sociabiLt.
.
4tritri,v,nals •,,,t.ixces Rott), . 1
.i..mr,
..' A
11,11t,Cie114.,,Mritr,Volptla Leikh, r,lr. 1 ar!!. g
`ls',lqe+,q; ' • • —' ' '

.• ' -
'S7)ORrEN lATELLIG4ENCEP .0
TIiettIaYLICHFIEID *ACES.
•* s,t. Ictli, the King's Plate of toogs.
14r. uhine , Three mile heats. . 85t..,111).
!r. c,:,.._ ',s. bm. buckling - . ' 4r I
2 2 •
M, ig,,:jr!,(4,. b. It, Sir Ulic Nl'Killigut —4, 1 '
l'ir. Fin! :.. sb• irt Miss Coiner - it r
tlr Al. t hr. h. Principal • "" ....
3dr dr
• "
* ndreW3 b• h. Norval
.- -
.....„„_
Iti„Airtnets°,ll o.le castling amusements of Brighton. an
n
otie , °all JS prolll.lSed. ,but so far . as. the jashto :.
*4;1°44 ate coneerned lads seem . now to be al
Tleq„,tb:undrescsed kind.
extraordinary
kx,,tint'crillau 'News-papersgive an
4,46 0, a„,,thr;iver of Pease which lately fell Ileal.
t4thil,i.' This reMarkable wind-fall may rem.mg.
*iti le o.l.untriond «h ere the houses are tiled
' 1 k'renk . w--L e rn s the
v. 4 k,„ et, the streets paved with dump 1 g , .
Aiutwi . Iq4o4eut th apple-pudding,s, and the roasted pigs
The pind and come tat me."
al l N7ll (If Vzpa has, it seems,' received a turtle
tll4l"2stot froln Jamaica,' which weighs no less
Stollitt? Pounds. His Lordship is unluckily ill
treititc, otherwiie. he has a fine opportunity of
kt 4 c, the whole Court of Aldermen, and the Com-
Iqr,,l4‘4s,rcitti into tvh.e bargain.. ,
prearations
ii llely 11, try aCtive in making
~a
Nh Peatre ou the scite of the old houses
.t.
4414 4WYch-street Ind the Winter Ma
~ , .
tt)r,;.'4!'t ' - . . .
preparations
nagers, It
've in making legal
of such an edifice, alledging
with their Patentsi and •that
lit in. the Metropolis; This
bring Mri.SIIERIDAN to 1,01?".
le.intended, ..ind the whole.
Theatre is iikcly to be.agt-...
ient matter rests upon sirnilar
.. :.,..

'''
Triage shoulpttake place',--be-
:///s, as be is called; and..bliss
A that in duo time they will.
With Ili-r,rzEs.
ty the following- Corps were.
Fields, Hackney, by General
'N': Trite Duke of Bedfbrd's
ms, St. Clement Dane's,
:tki, Shoreditch, Spitalfields,
Fearl of HARaiNOT°N, TIC"
rETilti, General LEIGH, and.
-.vend-on the ground abOut three . kqe - Troopi made thF-usual'salute,
s4.,ltE4lion wi and finally went, through: the firing
It tharanalivres with much precision, At
N'kete 41447issr,etiurneci to their ris-pealje parides,.
I.,"lttii '''•
Ai 0,,,N111g int . . iqF,, +net.r .., -,etesting Letter la. from an intel-'
*'" with ''" ueylon. We submit it to our
, out aii, .
, 1
.1 (-Ofnrll,Cl)t :---: ,
AtiklliCtl
" Catnqa, March 3.
II 4-7%,e:ltletarned to
.state, that a diiptite'llas taken .
11, sttti. . LLIEt Genbral and Court braudicaturc.
l'Ai I"'1)14 t •
, Ins Jad 9 reter
,the mattot ta itualand..,
4.4„, tilt fir,,,, e (LumrttloioN) has ADea4y, left,
tti;:tll6,„ of the'Court ; 'and Major Horn, on
,i,v.l,
10.,6LYtki 11444, is expeeted to go in a few ""1,-,r: .4
l':/14ttlitliti vita
hog4:l)o4r the particulars. l"
1, With r Siniiii will be given over to the Corn'
tri)s artesPeft to the War with the Can Bans
,'44/ kkos _ aCt'ive, btu withoulittiuch success.--
14p.iiiil,14). eQtiatan ay ,goipg 4ip thb Country
,iLitatio "lthottt doing more..tlpP, dis,, tr-firgt
4'44'%5,4441t Abldleirntheaer our territries.' ilttaeir, a454,:i
. Iti , 10, cif ,
Leeminancl of Capt.- out . ,
i,ltittitt,t
ori 4uoLlt 200 Wong, hy.soruo lum"%
Nl'l Le (~,!si got up to, C,Andia, 1.015. re lie
;4 h 1611,1 743 to he pined by others, !"(0,9i,
it fiv., .Qn the island ; after stayitig tine"!
I, th.,,, 4.41,,, , ,
ijkt,'~N. • his Provisions exhausted, and
im *kit. h relitf no • n obliged"
`4,1,1 I till . t Co4llllg, he miss
11,,-'-'24111, '., t,al* the ' 'Able 'CAdian 19,t.F9,
''''"l'Y' nu" n'irn and nekliing but unexam-
t„ ~-3 . `'tint 1 '.
is„;11.111-' Its , 'ay'e saved him from being cut,
it 4 t): e,,11.4:43, after destroying" their anium
it,,,,?iiii,i
(4, off with t'Woss of two Subalterns,
44its 444ti5..e (let4thinent, and the whole of
vir i 414: 4,110 havemulpge, . , Atiother party.. is just
„„i,'444 -I Dketrl aWay .ttipput eight, days;,_
4'` ,4elleVe, was to have left a post at
~,i'l4l*llhitn,lithil)ti'ae,e'..ab.out thirtY. Miles- beyond
orthl 6 ",114 theit',utlt tytve returned ,without ae-
iih't,.:ci, took 24'"Puse. The Candians, on the
S' >it 'MI It 7 Pc'st from us at Catoon, some.
,rlat, h 'vg*lillerit- havinide;erted to til° LUC-
' 1411,,,,,(f Ntio?V(,l, very soon re-taken, and a
1,...,(1),i,,,1eri'ar ,411(1 Gtilf-Lasears n who lirere
i 'le ti ' Lie tiuie of the ' massaeie
_fit
, hllt K v.'/ i the wi r, - - -
~,t,_ itivo to cof them, ten 111 nura'
1:. it, 1) (;41.ti Y sworn, that Major DA VI E, the
,' l'klt t til tt•11"461. and who was supposed to
",s_f4 1144 14104f' tlh; 1,, . , ' •e • tbat,.
k, +l4h , Ntle ~ Tidssat. re, is ally ~ s
_,
c. ti4w
hiiiiii tttinleseci%l,:.ra.l pr,Fse.ntts ifalidoini").Z.
.) 1)1,4 19aS , 0 1S .
1 .- , •

04MERIC4a, P4PERS,

We yesterday received New-York Paper's to the
•"
• 4th:of August, and Boston Papers to:41)6:13d of the
settle month. The:following are the only articles of
aut;interest,to befound in them :--
.conseqUenee of a very alarming report froth
-I;gewhaven, respe6ting the existence of • a inalig-s
naiit
,fever, at that place, a meeting of the Civil
Authority .was held on 'the..9,etli of•:iuly, for the
-purpose'of: inquiring into. the nature and extent of
the disorder. , By the Report of the Physicians, since
Rep&rt cif the ,e4th, it appeared that there bad
been three deaths that five persons only. were ill of
.malignant disease, all of whom/ were in a state of
recovery. jITo iiew case had occurred, within the
last four daYi : the cases of; slight bilious fever, dy-
sentery, diarrhcea, and common diseases, were as rare
*s usual at
BOSTON, AUG, .—The following, which is an
sExtrad of a Lettor, is copied from a llaleio-h Paper of
441 e
.4 Waynesborough, July 15.
liVe have been engaged in this country, in the
Arying of-Negroes, for poisoning the Whites, ever
:lime:Monday-last': one suffered death at the Stake
:.(w;a4burnt „alive) for poisoning her master and
•,
rms ssi and, two- more arc under sentence of
death, and are to be hanged on Wednesday next.-
-;Thirteen -are . ithprisoned under gnards a part of
tv tot t, froiii- the, evidence, are expe6ted 'to suffer
and we are sdaily..lnaking new discoveries.
!:36•
‘ifie. have been brouglit'frOin. Sampson, and others-
41i1th JefinSton; S 6 that the 'PlOt appears to have
been a general :one': is said by Some of the Pri-
-setters that the headmen N.Nrere'to ;be subdued;. and
after detaining , a sufficient nurriber.in slavery, the .
ba6ice, if refra&ory, were to be put to death..
We proceed this Morning with the trials, and
Gap 'only,'knows, whatthe event will. be, Six or
Light Horsemen, are continually. on duty, to
-bring up'cbarged Negroes, besides a strong guard of.
Infantry about the Prisoners: What raised the 'first
tnepitien in the. business was the sudden:death -of '
one or two' respeetable men." -
'Na,w YORK, AUG. Pr6clamation was is-
ued on the eth of July by his Excellency CHARLES
CAMERON,'• Governor of. the Bahama • Islands, ex-
tending the- term for the, admissiOn :of .provisions.
and limber into the Colony front the United States,
in foreign Vessels, to three months longer from that
date.. -In consequence" of the tenor''And...tendency
of ..this Proclamation, it is said to be in-the coetem-
plation of the American People' to recornmend..to
the Government of the United States'' at the next
rneeting of ConAress, the iSsuingof a Counter-PrO-
clarnation, to this etfea,,viz.--Te'Proltibit and dis-
allew the exportation of Corn, &c. into any oftbe
Ports of the said Colony until some general
.arrange-
, ment, by Treaty ar other Wise, can be made-With the
Government of Great Britain,-.permanenting: and
'fixing the.perfed freedom. of Navigation . between
.the said Islands and the United States of America. .
,Letter from the Mediterranean contains the fel-
lOWing agreeable inforthation With: respeei. to our
operations against the Barbarians of Tripeli.—Con-.
autEaTerz, who bakassemed the command of the
clepoieel Bashaw's Troops,,had marched from Alex-
afidnlt with. 6,0°6 'Freoiig;lnd prnceeded as far as
Pert4ia., His force • continued to ,augment. The
terigningtashaCti was preParing to meet Mtn. It was
confidently hoped,that'this enterpriie, in co-opera-
tion With:. the attack to be, ntade,,by our Squadron,
would tertnipate in the vindication of the Bights of
Nature Nations.
AntkICAN CAPTIVES IN TRIPOLI; •
• letter from Jmwertlitti CowosaY, Esq. Sur-
geoil'of the late. Frigate- Philadelphia, now a. Captive
ler-tripoli, to Dr. MITCHELL', dated 24th Noveinber,
4804, says :—" The ;BAstesw has taken .nie from
,the. prison where, my .Fellew-Officers are -confined,
and ordered me to attend his sick Slaves, who are
priecipally Neapolitans, Negroes, and our unfortu,
mate crew. Some of the latter I this morning saw,
chained to a. cart 'loaded with stones, which they -
,were dreggingthreugh the, town to repair the fortiti-
' cations.- They complain flinch of hunger, cold, and
hard labour, and the lash of the-whip, ' I confess 'I
-never Saw any thipg that wounded.my feelings equal
,to the sight of those poor fellows. I. haveliberty to
walk in-the toWn; but ant attended by a Turk, who
is loaded with weapons of war. lam not allowed
to visit any of the fortifications, nor any of the Fo-
reign Consuls; - Captain BaiNeeinerfs endeavours
~to relieve 'the wants of his crew are often connter-
xnanded by our new masters Five of.our Country-
-
Men have turned Turks, and five have paid their
,last debt to nature: Diarrhoea and:dysentery,have
oftep appeared' among our crew; but on a free use
Of'darbonate-of soda-(matron), which is feund in
-
:-'atnindance in thistountry; 4-nd oiled white:washing
the walleof the. ptison with Tyne, Where they sle,p,
„it soon disappears ' Our crew arc now very-healthy.
" During the' several attacks upon this town by
Mir Squadron, udder the -conimand of Commodore,
Piriiii.e; 'many Turks Were. killed 'and. wounded,'
,several iierftutich 'hurtled by the explosion of
then ()witpowder. I:•1105.1 eiviopportunity of seeing
'Atteir. theched.offeuring..burns in particular, many. of
;which extended all- over the whale body. The
iltashaw.has all his wounded brought to an apart-
- „ment in the castle, where lie visits them; and_ makes. •
-thetma present often dollars each. . He then orders
his surgeons and Mamelnkes, to dress their ,woends;.:
Oid often eslists with ;his own hands'... The _Mame-
luk-es are his body guards ; the Marabouts-are em-
ployed to expel evil spirits, 'and make intercession
Pith Mahomet, their Prophet, for their, . recovery.
Those that were burned, were firstenointed with ho-
ney, carefully preserving the skin as much as pas,
'sible, and, keeping*the parts exposed to the .aw.
:They then sprinkle the ulcered.parts,.if any, with a
fine pqw4e,r, of white .lead lceruse) ; this. is repeated.
at short intervals,.until tescab is formed, that -is care-
• preserved until a cure is accomplished; wh:ch-
ieteMarkably soon „
. .-••• •
• -" I hope,and expect, that in due time my country,
will honourably, and, to the,_astonishurent of bathe-
. runs and tyrants, liberate us from ,the chains of
slavery, end restore us to our native land, that happy
land, the thoughts of which is -.healing balm to our
souls in our miserable bondage."
Nolte:ol,x, JULY 9.--:By Captain FAUWELL, of
• the- ship,rnef, in fourteen days from Guadeloupe,
we„le:un, that the day befhre he sailed, the Go-
vernor informed him, that lie.Avas determined that
all Americaps whieb were in future. taken trading to
ijr.oin St. Domingo, should be put In death, and
.ryz• 1,, hfint Pil*l4 Would issue next daY.

POLICE.

PRINTERS.
TIM' KING, ON THE INFORMATION OP BELL,'

V. CRAFT.

WORSIIIP-STREET, SEPT. 19.--Mr. ALLEY, 011
the part of the Informant,. stated; that this informa-
tion, whic:i was similar to one which had been late-
ly disposed of, was brought against the Defendant,
on the 27th clause of the ntli of the King, to re-
cover the penalty of col. for .printing a certain pa-
per, purporting to be the title-page to a book, with-
out printing thereon, according to the stri& letter or
the Ad, his name and place of abode. On the for-
mer day, he said, he had given up the cause, with-
out subjeding the Magistrates to the trouble of ex-
pressing their opinion, as lie saw the evidence he
had produced was not sufficiently strong to convid the
Defendant. In this case, hemaa instrsi&ed to say,
no falling off would be experienced; and; in that
event, there could not be the smallest doUbt but
that the Defendant must. be convided. The Learn-
ed Counsel then anticipated: the arguments which
would be made use of by his Learned Friend, Mr,
GURNEY (who, attended at the opposite side), rela-
tive to the preamble of the A&, which runs to this
etred:---`,` An A& for the more effednally supnress-
ing Societies, established- for . seditious and treason-
able purposes, and for the better preventing treason''
able and *seditious prat ices," He supposed, he
it would be..urged, that, from this pream-
ble, ,the iVend:int...could not be liable to corivic
tion, . unless on the. face ,of the paper's printed
something., treasonable or seditious appeared ; but..
such ran argument could not for a moment, be sup-
ported.. He then .cited 'several cases to-prove, that,
whatever might.be the prcqmble of the Ad, the w-
ading clause must have its effedfand recurred to the
Histciry. of England, when Sir John Coveutry'a nose
Was slit by the Officers of ,the Guards kr opposing
some Measure do, the House of Commons, and the
subsequent & made consequence of it, the
preatrible of which, sets forth the reason, it was made:
Somkiine after this, when a man was tried for al7
mast etittingsaanother's arm, it was .offered. as argu-
ment by the Counsel for the Defendant, that the Ad
could not extend to the cutting off an arm as the
preamble had only stated-the slitting of Sir John Co-
ventry's nose • but the Court at once over-ruled it.
The Learned Gentleman, .after making many ,other
Observations, concluded a speech of considerable
length, by laying; that no person could tell whether.
n 'paper did or d id' not 'contain treason, as was evident
from Layer's case, in the reign of George the First,
when the commonest complimentary and other notes
Were proveitto be overt ads of treason, every word •
'that they contained having a distind, -diffrent, and.•
treasonable meaning:: :He; therefore, was convinced,
that, on the evidence being heard, . the Defendant
would be saddled with the penalty.'
Willaatn Abbot was then sworn, and first ,exa-
mined by Mr. Gbiusay, relative to the interest he
might have in the event of this'prosecution ; but lie
positively, denied that he bad any dired . interest,
or any expedation of a reward.. He was then exa-
mined. by- Mr. ALLEY, and deposed, that he was
a general dealer; living at No. 'to; Martletcburt,.
Bowrstreet, Covent Garden. He knew the Defend 7,
ant, who kept a Stationer's Shop in ,Wells-street,
Oxtbrd4oad, and applied to him a few days before
the 6th. of June last, to print Some title-pages for
him. On. the 6th of June he received a parcel of .
them froM him, as the printer, and paid him. three
shillings for them. On cross-examination, tic 'said;
hie lived five years in MartletTcourt, and has the
book to Which
,this title-page -belongs. When be
went to the. Defendant, he told him he had a set
of those books,. and that the title-pages were de,
faced; he,therfine Begged of hitn,to print him some, ,
and deSired hint to print them as -much like'
the type and paper of , the book as he could. He
brought a set of boas with him, and the title-
page§ in them, which were. written on, but lie
could not tell how long betbre that time they were
defaced. Mr. Egliu, of •Church-..street, Soho, had
employed .at\d he did not know, at that
tine, that Mr. Eglmn meant to lodge informations
against the Defendant. As soon, as he got the title-.
page's fititn'the Defendant he gave them to Mr.
Eglin, Without making any mark on them, and did
nut seethemuntil.a day or two after, when he heard
that Mr. E;-meant to inform ; and, at that titne, he
signed his name at the back of each. On being ask-
ed, whether he could swear positively that these
were the identical .papers he had received from the
:Defendant he said, he believed they were, but
could not, be positive, as they were out of his pos-
sessioe befere he marked them.

The evidence being deleative in this point, the
Defendant was; of course, acquitted; the Magi-
strates, as on the former day, not having given any
opinion as, to the meaning of the Statute.

THE KING) ON THE INFORMATION OP BELL,

V. BARPIELD.

This was an information of the same class,
brought on the same Statute.
Mr: Goa NEI', on the part of the Defendant, put
ju as 3 plea in abatement, that the Defendant was
nut, as stated in the information John Barfield; of
the Parish of St. Anne, Westminster ; but, John
Barfield, .of the parish of St. James's, Westminster,
and, therefore, cOuld not be the perrAm meant in the
information. - '

Mr; ALLEY, on the other sidel contendedr,that.
this case did not come under the statute of ,Heury.
the VIII. which, he believed, was the only one on
the aubjeet of 'misnomeri, and which related to in-
diaments, not to informations. y

pun WY said, he did not mean to plead a_vl4-
Romer, but a direct plea in abatement; it was, be
said, front tnotives of respect' for the jurisdieticin,
that
.the Defendant appeared.. Thesurnmons hay.
,ing. by, ehance,coute into' his hands, be caw- to tty
he was not. the ,person described in the information.
He would suppose the "Defentl;int had not appeared,
.the Court would have granted a. 'warrant
John Barfield, of the 'Parish of-. St,
..tl.lltW,, West-.
Minster ; and what Constable could,. by virtue ofit,
arrest' John Barfield, of the of St. Janies,
Westminster. Under-these circumstances he hoped
the plea would be allowed:

Mr. ALVEY spoke at length in reply ; but
Magistrates expressing a doubt as to the point of
law, Mr. ALLEY said, lie would not press it ; the
plea was, therefore, allo*ed to h Lula, and the De -
fendanes real sdeseription was- given, _for the- pur-
pose of allowing the. infurtner an oppuOunity
lodging a fresh, information,

..„-greet,i
wre eqiiially aftive 1
:',lltttnt tfte, ion °'
''t Isoultl interfem w
1111/4a4,1y a Tileutr6
"6„'n4411, it .heerns, br
' l'tk's sootier that) lii
t.,ll;:iitilnitlie IloyaltY t
' fraiii, as the prese
thti
i If, tik
red rnarr
Zlthejiit;o://e Ra,,,C.,i14
ili, we 'ltia," exp*eta
'Ol4 whole- isle wit
111041,.....Yesterilay
•I'D,;l it) the tendon E
te
'dri tt Il‘ttitit4Gtotl
itriekts lA*. I Britor
'uilweirp il 3 Ni'le,El
1/44‘Sffi' 4Par'
t• I
'ekhapel, r),
14tah.."-ta 1).3 Lord
arrive
pd.Httireitiffiecrs,a
,7q,
rte'When the Tr('
IN itt
ki 1, ,
