17'QVI)

WITH WHICH
THE " TRUE SUN " IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
MONDAY EVENING. SEPTEMBER 17, 153 e.

We must, on the subject of the Corn-laws, content
ourse►ves to-day with directing attention to the able
article which we borrow from the Spectator. By a few
facts, that completely demolishes the notion that wages
rise with the price of Corn, and, that, therefore, the
working classes are not interested in procuring the
repeal of the Corn-laws. This article is the more va-
luable, because the error it refutes has been sedulously
taught by one Journal which claims to be on this
point the advocate of the working classes, and is em-
braced, we regret CO know, by more than one of the
ablest of their leaders. That error, we believe, diverts
their zeal from the abolition of these laws to a much
more vague and distant, if not unattainable good.
The article in the Spectator is further of importance,

as adding to the proofs which we adduced on Saturday

that the Corn-laws are the source of a great
many crimes. Our Contemporary takes a different
road from ours, but lie reaches the same point.
What the Spectator says, too, on the subject of a pro-
bable falling off in the demand for labour, is well
worthy of notice, and should prepare us for encounter-
ing a most severe " winter of discontent."
We may add, that the returns from the corn markets
of Derby and Manchester to-day, show, differently from
what was expected, that prices do not decline. " In the
face," says the Manchester letter, " of the large sup-
ply of foreign wheat," which has now been brought in at
" a nominal duty, " the price of foreign wheat, instead of
• : declining, has advanced 2d. to 3d. per bushel."
" The opinion that the yield of the wheat is defective,
continues to gain ground," says the circular, and our
Corn-law legislators, spiritual and lay, seem not un-
likely, from the present price of corn, and the proba-
bility of slack work, to have the peace of the country
to answer for.

We learn with pleasure from Leeds, that the skilful
inhabitants of that hive of human industry do not
mean to lie still and be trampled on, and starved any
longer by the Corn-law making Bishops and Peers.
Their trade with Germany, they see, is coming to an

end. Most of the wool, the produce of that coun-
, try, was bought at the last fairs for German houses,
'and the German manufacturers will very soon wholly

exclude the Leeds manufacturers from the Germa

market. They, with diminished means, will be re-
quired to support an out-of-work and destitute popu-
lation, including the surplus of the serfs which the
landowners have banished from their estates, and then
~,the.l.ceds manufacturers, and their starving townsmen,
would decay and go to ruin together. But the Dissenters
of that district do not mean, we perceive, to submit to this
for the sake of the tithe-fed Church and the idle
landlords ; and they are about to set an example of
agitation for the repeal of the Corn-laws, which we
hope will be followed, and be successful.
While on this subject, we beg leave to inform the
Liverpool Albion, which threw out the question, that
Mr. FEARGUS O'CONNOR did vote in 1834, he being
then in Parliament, against Mr. llumE's motion to
ffo into a Committee on the Corn-laws, with a view to
get rid of them. `jr• FEARGUS O'CoNNoR, therefore,
is quite consistent in preferring Universal Suffrage to
the, abolition of the Corn-laws, though those who fol-
low•his lead, and join him in abusing The Sun, look
to the abolition of those laws as the best fruit they can
expect from Universal Suffrage•

The Duck-!egged Drummer beats another tune to-
day. The Timcs has found out that Greece and
Mexico do not fill the public eye and the public heart;
and it has two articles on the present agitation. We
take some credit to ourselves for having pricked our
Contemporary out of his poor lazy party politics into
some considerations bearing on the present condition
of society. Ile gives us a di:,:sertation on what

the political institutions of a free people are
intended to achieve, as well.as an article on the agitation
of Messrs. OASTLER, ATTWOOD, and O'CONNEL.
This is as it should be ; the Corn-laws will come
next, and we shall have the Times appropriately
enough, as it is now the organ of the Bishops, and
the scientific advocate of the ignorant Israelites, de-
fending the Devil's laws. The present dissertation
about the objects of political institutions is, however,
out of time. It is a sermon against the indulgence of
appetite read to a starving people bent on getting food.
Its present conduct, and the conduct of our Statesmen
in relation to the condition of our people, reminds us
of an anecdote we once heard. A fever broke out on
board an English frigate, cruizing in the North Sea,
and, as it was of an infectious nature, it was
resolved to land the men at Berghen. That was
done, and she proceeded to sea to fulfil her mission.
In the course of a few days she returned, and on her
surgeon visiting his fever patients he found the Nor-
wegian doctor, in whose care they had been placed,
administering sugared water to them, and waiting for
the crisis. Our people are in a fever, and the Times
and our statesmen are administering to them the
sugared water of party, and waiting for a crisis.

On Saturday evening the Pandora packet arrived
at Falmouth from the West Indies, whence she
brought 9,0001. on freight, and a file of Jamaica
Papers to the 10th of August inclusive. We are
delighted to learn that the complete Emancipa-
tion of the Negroes on the Ist of August was
effected without the commission of a single outrage
throughout the whole or the West Indies. After
Divine Service, which was everywhere performed on
that day, the Governors addressed the assembled appren-
tices on the nature of the important duties upon which,
as freemen, they were about to enter. The faces of the
sable population were radiant with smiles, and they
behaved to all with the greatest courtesy. One difficulty
only appears to be felt in Jamaica and Trinidad—
namely, the rate of wages to be paid for free
labour. The planters, it is said, are for paying
the free negroes in kind, as during the period
of their slavery, but the latter insist upon being
remunerated for their labour in money. \Ve do
not anticipate any insuperable difficulty on this score.
The planters already begin to find themselves much
better off' than they expected ; and the Negroes will
not be slow to perceive that the free labourer and his
employer have interests in common.
We copy the following from a Jamaica Paper of the
10th August, for the information of the Jamaica mer-
chants and planters : . .

" We have received the following information from a Cor-
respondent on whom we can rely, respecting the properties
in the neighbourhood of Montego Bay. It would appear that
the greater number of the negroes have not yet resumed
work :
ESTATES AT Worm.—Johtesqlall, Worcester ; Retirement,
Fairfield ; Catherine Mount, Bouge ; Catherine Hall, Pro-
vidence.

The apprentices on these properties arc working away
cheerfully without knowing what remuneration they stall re-
ceive. On the following properties the men have refused
to work fur less than ls. 81 per day, some stand out for
23. sd :
Moor Park, Gla3gotv ; Potosi, Sutherland;
Unity Hall,
Fllmstead ; Newman Hall, Porto Bello ; - Spring Mount,
Leitrim ; Williamsfield, Logan ; Kirkpatrick, Leyden.

By the Bragauza steamer, which arrived at Fal-
mouth on Sa'urdav, we have received advices from
Lisbon to the 12th inst. They are, hoWever, of no
political importance. Several of REMECIIIDO'S band
have been taken and shot : but neither their fate nor
that of their leader has restored tranquillity in the
South, where the Miguelitcs continue to make their
principles a pretext for living by plunder. The elec-
tions were not terminated, but the prevailing opinion
was, that the Liberal party would obtain a conside-
rable majority.

Letters and Papers from Madrid, of the Bth inst.,
have reached us this morning. The New Cabinet
had that day entered upon its functions by a delibera-
tion of three hours' duration on the important topic of
replenishing the Exchequer, which the new Finance
Minister found quite empty. A second Cabinet
Council, to be held in the course of the evening, was
decided upon, and a resolution passed for convoking
the Chambers on the 30th of October. In the mean-
time the great body of the people were passive ob-
servers of the conduct of the Government. 'We doubt
whether the DE FRIAS Cabinet would be able to
maintain itself till the meeting of the Cortes.

The whole of the Paris Papers of Friday and Sa-
turday have been received. On Friday the King and
Queen of the FRENCH, accompanied by the other
members of the family, returned to the capital from
the chateau of Eu, in Normandy. Respecting the
Swiss and Mexican questions, there is nothing in

these Journals to indicate the adoption of a more li-
beral policy on the part of France. According to the
.Journal des Debats, the Swiss deputation attending
the coronation of the Emperor of AUSTRIA at Milan
were informed by Prince METTERNICH that Austria,
while respecting the sights of the Federal Govern-
ment, felt bound to support the claims of France.
Who ever supposed that Prince METTERNICH, the
oracle of the Holy Alliance, would oppose the preten-
sions of the CITIZEN KING, were they ten times as
arrogant as they really are ? No, no ; the Debats
cannot pretend that the adhesion of Austria to the
demands of France will establish their justice and their
reasonableness in the opinion of any liberal Govern-
ment. As to the Mexican question, the view which
has been taken of it by the English Press is every
way unpalatable to our Gallic Contemporaries.
They can see nothing in our objections to the block-
ade but a pitiful jealousy of the glory which France
is in the course of acquiring in Switzerland, in Africa,
and in several of the South American States. Even
those Journals whose invariable rule it is to oppose
the policy of the French Cabinet, insinuate that we
are solely actuated by national jealousy in condemning
a policy so injurious to our commercial interests. Mi-
serable infatuation ! England would blush to partici-
pate in the triumphs which France now boasts of being
in a fair way of acquiring.
Don CARLOS is reported to have just received
200,0001. in specie from the Emperor NICHOLAS,
accompanied by an injunction to prosecute the war in
Spain with all possible vigour.
The number of young Poles arrested at Warsaw is
370. They will all be sent into perpetual exile.
The poet BERANGER is about to return to Paris
from Tours, where he has resided for some years. The
Literary Society of Tours have presented him with a
gold medal worth 2,000 francs, as a mark of their re-
srect for his person and talents.
There is no other news in these Journals of any
public interest.

BERLIN, SEPT. 16.—Several persons have lately been ar-
rested here, as it seems, for crimes against the State. On the
3d of this month, a family, consisting of a man and his wife,
and two children, in their own carriage, arrived at Potsdam,
escorted by two gen'darmes, amidst a great crowd of people.
At the beginning of this month, a M. Van T—n set out in
his own carriage for the Rhenish provinces, but was arrested
on the 6th at Erfurt, and brought in a farmer's waggon, with
an escort, to Potsdam, on the 9th inst. M. V. T. belongs to
a very old family, scarcely thirty years of age, and had ac-
quired a large fortune by marriage, and lived at Berlin in a
style suitable to his rank. This last affair causes a great sen-
sation, and the issue is impatiently expected.—Hamburgh
Papers, 14th Sept.
MUNICH SEPT. 10. —The bulletin of the King's l.ealth
issued tc• day is as follows:
''rho fever had not perceptibly increased yesterday
evening. His Mjestfi sleep wa3 good, only interrupted
twice during the night by a dry cough. Towards mcraing
very moderate fever with gentle perspiration."
'Thus it appears that his Majeaty continues to grin bAttr,
