BY AUTHORITY.

)n i4;;.!urday, April 13, will be published, price Gs. demy Bvo.
iIIP.ST REPORT: of the. COMMISSION-
EltS appoint;; to inquire as to the best mean; of esta-
iio_r an cfliLlent CONSTABULARY FORCE in the
r7.,:T1 ES of ENGLAND and WALES.
d to both Houses of Parliament by command of her

I'rc~'i
w~

e 1

Charles Kn:ght, and Co., ;22, Ludgatc-street.

Now. ready. in 2 cols. Svo., with Portrait, bound,
THE LIFE AND CORRESPONDENCE OF
-75 k
G. - I. • E I
A • Author of " The Monk," " Castle Spectre," &c.

--
With wary
PIECES IN PROSE :AND VERSE,
: :Never before'PAlisheil.
" :EL ! woniVr Lel.66."—Byron.
Pub!isher, 13,- Great 3larlborough-street.

DEDICATED 'lO GEN. LORD &c:

embellUed with a Fine. Portrait of the Duke, aacs
Sii• 'l'. Lawrenc,, Part 1., price 2s. Od. of
THE LIFF. OF HIS GRACF. VIELD-:CIARSIIAL
Till H. DUKE of WELLINGTON,
Frnbra,,lng bis INllliatary, Civil, and Political career to

•
th nresvut time.
17;41..ect by 4t4.it JAMES E. ALEXANDER, K. L. S., Scc.
To be comlleted in Tvrelre Monthly Parts, at 2s. 6d. each,
mbelli,hed \%ith Portraits, &c. by Lanlis:cr,
&c.
Cuiburn, Publisher, 13, Great farlborough-street.
To be had of all Booksellers.

PAUL DE KOCK'S NEW NOVEL.
Immedintely, ia post 81,0.,
CHARMING _, YOUNG MAN
By PAUL DE KOCK.
RiAard Bentley, Nclv Burlington-street.

7:~

Jitst published, in 2 vols. evo.,
ENTOIRS of the LIFE and ADVEN-
of• COLONEL 31ACEIIONI. •
Aid - de. Cainp to Joiehirn Murat, King of Naples.
WRITTEN by HIMSELF.
" This a singularly interesting and entertaining puhlisa-
zii:d may well stand by tho 'side of the most approved Auto•
It is none of the least pleasures attendant on a
P,7,:.:4! of volun,cs that Ihe author's manner of viewing all

Socis- portion of his s.cconcl volume is devoted to an account
i::vcatioy.s, which espei•iany his Steam Carriage, arc of a
h;g!: legrce o merit, and evince both an original genius
contrlvanics, and that perseverance which cha-
mati."—Edinnurgh Review.
John l'ilacrmie, 3, St. James's-street.

•- ROYAL, COVENT GARDEN.
is re,.pec;:L7'll, in:orrned, that the
VN AG EAI EN fyWILL TERMINATE

TillS SEASON ;
i-,,,Traname is therefore given of its final ar•

wil
t:trd Plays, as brought out at this Theatre,
ed once morn, viz.:—
MACBETH, OTHELLO,
, CORIOL ANUS, lON,
0 FOSCARI, WEL.NER, and VIRGINIUS
THIS EVENING, Aran. 12,
4v t be performed,
T 11,7. I. ADY OF LYONS, or Love and Pride.
u.le Mcinotte, Mr. Macready ; Colonel llamas, Mr. Bartley
Pauline De>ehlppelles, Miss Helen Faucit.
After which,
THE CABINET.
, Mr. I'razer ; Floretta, Mss Rainforth.
V,L•yro.v, Richelieu, with The Invincibles.

ti

0: land,

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.
We cannot " ObserTer's" communication, unless we re•
cei,ve in confidence the name and address of the writer.

-5:34tt.1 19:Y-0
- •

6.7r:T
J
cirt

LONDON
FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1839.

The Lords re• assembled last night after the Easter
hol;de.ys ; and the instant they met they began that war
whieli we hope to sec grow a little warm between the
parties. Lord MLeeot;eNt has too long suffered
himself to be snubbed by 'the Tories. They treat
him almost like a child, and the honour of the
whole Radical party is concerned in knowing that he
is sensible of their conduct and prone to resent it. Lord
ABERDEEN, borrowing the sentiments andlang,rnage of the
f'or it is doubtful whether the worthy Thane have
vigour enough to form sentiments of his own, schooled
her Majesty's Ministers about not following a straight-
forward, manly, just, and honest course. Why this tirade?
Because some explanations which have been obtained
from .St. Petersburgh touching the "employMent of a
Russiant agent in the East, and which Lord MEL-
BOURNE pronounced to be satisfactory, had. not been
raid on the table. The reason because they
could not be got ready. For this second-band
kind of impertinence, . Lord MELBOURNE took
the would-be Foreign Secretary properly to task
and said his remarks were probably according to the
peculiar courtesy and agreeable style of expression
which prevailed in that House. Properly and justly
said, and the Earl of ACERDEEN felt that it was so ; for
he immediately professed the highest personal respect for
Lord MELBOURNE. When nettles are firmly grasped
they sting not ; and now that Lord MELBOURNE has
been taught this by experience,we hope he will continue
to act in the same way. The Tory Lords have a
rotten cause, and a brave bold heart would soon bring
them to submission. If Lord MELBOURNE proceed, as
he last night commenced, the end of the Session will be
for him more pleasing than its beginning.
The R.-fort concerning the Hand-loom 'Weavers was
laid before their Lordships, who immediately adjourned.
Vknion3 petitions were presented in the Commons, and
a,l:orig.-:t them several from p'aces in Ireland, expressing
confidence in the Government, and praising its policy as
to that country. •
Sir GEORGE CLERK, who is naturally anxious about
Tory monopolies, inquired whether the Ministers were
f prepared with a measure to regulate the printing of the
Scriptures in Scotland, as the patent of the Queen's
Printer would expire on July 17, when any person
(why should he not ?) might print a Bible in Scotland.
The LORD ADVOCATE, we are bappy to see, stated
that the Government did not mean to renew the
patent, but had prepared a Bill to regulate the matter.
The LORD ADVOCATE afterwards moved for and ob-
tain:•d leave to bring in two Bills, one to ascertain and
&floe tL'e right of voting for Members of Parliament in
Scotland, and the other for the better registration of
Parliamentary electors. We shall decline
m entering into
many of the details of these Bills till we see them in
print ; but we pay at once observe that it is a
rceornmendAtion of them that Lord STANLEY
spoke against. them. Fictitious votes are a great
et, it in Scotland, and to check them the LORD
4AiVOCATE is to make it incumbent on joint
tenants to prove a true interest in the joint tenantcy.
To correct the evils of registration, he proposes to esta-
lill,h a Court of Appeal, to consist of three Judges. To
Correct the evil of non-resident voters, he means to make
residence necessary, to the exercise of the fran-
chise. So it ought to be. Why should a land-
owcer have balf-a-dozen votes, for different counties,
Mid a resident in a borough, however opulent, only one ?
shall not venture to offer an opinion on such corn-
Plieatedmelisures, but they practically give a contradic-
tion to Lord JOHN RUSSELCS theory of the finality
of th, Reform Act. It is not fin 1 for Scotland, and
clannot he for E'nglancl. PerharT'the Ministers mean
thi7ss fills to give an earnest to their supporters of
their good intentions.
POULETT TitomsoW obtained the appointment
of a &Act Committee to inquire into Railways.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL received leave to bring in
a Ti li to amend the Abolition of Imprisonment for
Debt, Act. • .

At a ‘ely early hour the 1-Lwie adjourned.

They never neglected the interests of commerce ;
and if there have been occasions when they omitted
to hold language with regard to Russia which
m'ght have had the effect of checking the aggress:v.:
movements of that Power, the blame is attributable
not to them, but to the Noble Lord at the head of
the Foreign Department. We repeat that these
promotions are highly creditable to the Govern-
ment, useful by their example to the public ser-
vice, honourable to the distinguished persons so
elevated, and well calculated to restore popularity

:o the Peerage.

The Reports of Mr. SYMONS and Mr. HARD-
ING, two Assistant Hand-loom Weavers' Commis-
sioners, have just been published by the House of
Commons, and some of the information they con-
tain we shall proceed to lay heroic our readers. It
seems that a considerable portion of the weavers
ate capitalists, and probably they are suffering from
that competion which Sir ROBERT PEEL said was
ruining .the smaller capitalists. Out of 9,085 rooms
in Glasgow 2,876 are used by heads of families, to
whom they belong ; and such people, combining profit
with ought to be able to obtain a living. Spe-
cimens of their earnings are given, as follows :—A
man, his wife, and four children, one of which did

not labour, get 235. per week, or 3s. 10d. per bead.
A min, his wife, and five children, with three of the

latter not , working, earned 16s. 2d. per week, or
2s. 3 5-7 d. each person. Another family, con-
sistinz of a men, his wife, and two children,
7s. lid. per week, or is. 1144. for each person. A
fourth family of a man, his wife, and five children,
only one of which worked, gained only 7s. 2d., or
Is.-0 2-7 d. each person per week. The first and the
last cases are said to be extreme cases, and the two
middle cases are a nearer representation of the aye-
; rage. With such small rewards for working 70
hours in the week, while there are great numbers
who live in comparative opulence, doing nothing,
it ought not to
.he surprising that the people ge-
nerally should prefer idleness to such excessive
labour. Besides weaving the families are variously
occupied, and particularly by winding, by which the
women can earn 2s. 6d. per week.
We cre glad to see that these men can adapt
themselves to other work. At Mauchline they have
become manufacturers of snuff-boxes Lat Langham

they have become agriculturists ; while at Hawick
the agricultural labourers arc becoming weavers in
consequence of the rapid growth and healthfulness
of the eastern woollen trade. The change of
employment, then, is not difficult. \Ve are
told, too, that a comparatively slight variation
in point of number has been caused by the
power-loom,
.owing chiefly to the fineness of
of the staple fabrics woven in the Scottish hand-
looms. Old men have lost business in the coare
calicoes, in consequence of the power-loom, but its
effect has been inconsiderable.

It may be expected that the food of these people
is of a coarse description, and deficient in quality.
Their furniture is, in most cases, scanty ; their beds
are of straw and their clothing not so good as
common dly labourers, either Scotland or England ;
articles of massive furniture, the relics of former
days, are sometimes treasured up, and the contrast
between their present condition and their past corn-
fort is, by the old people, more bitterly felt than
their actual destitution. They formerly ranked
higher than other classes in the social scale, and the
intelligence and education which enhanced their
prosperity now renders their poverty more poignant.
Yet these people, in many cases sturdily honest,
battle with the most extreme destitution, with sick
ness and grief, rather than receive relief, and set an
example worthy of the imitation of the titled and
the opulent classes, who submit to dependence and
slavery, to get a pension or an alms, rather than
forego some useless but fashionable luxuries.
As might be expected, from the decay of this
numerous class, their children are not so
well educated as those of former generations.
Attendance at places of public worship, too,
is frequently neglected, and the reason assigned
is want of decent clothing. The younger
classes are represented in all respects as worse
than the seniors, 'and growing up in vice and
savageness. The book societies, which the
weavers formerly supported, are gone to decay,
and books on science and philosophy are said
to be excluded from their dwellings. At the
same time that poverty and vice are making
such strides amongst this part of our industrious
population, discontent is glowing up to a fearful
height. On them the example set by their supe-
riors will not be lost, and Mr. SYMONS solemnly
affirms " that the:e are elements in the minds of the
ariizan-millions in the North which no Govern-
ment can contemplate with indifference, or disre-
gard with. impunity."
The testimony borne to the police of Glasgow,
is remarkable, both as to its moral and its material
effects. Mr. 'SYMONs penetrated, accompanied
by the superintendent and five unarmed-men, into
the centre of a savage and desperate population
of at least 7,000 persons, and a housebreaker
was coolly ordered, and coolly obeyed, to follow
the officer to a place of security. The calm-
ness of the proceeding, is said to have
been singularly impressive. At the same time
a part of Glasgow is describeil as containing a
larger amount of filth, crime, misery, and disease
than any one spot in any civilized country. No-
thing can be compared to the wynds of Glasgow.
Penury, dirt, misery, drunkenness, disease, and
crime culminate in Glasgow, it is said, to a
pitch unparalleled in Great - Britain. Every
minute investigation of this kind into the con-
dition of our population, whether it be made
in Scotland,
.England, or Ireland, for the purpose
of relieving distress, or remedying a police disorder—
whether it pry chiefly into the condition of the
agricultural or the manufacturing popula-
tion--whether it be undertaken by Poor-law
Commissioners, Hand-loom Commissioners, or
Constabulary Commissioners, reveals to us
masses of squalid misery, destitution, and crime,
which the heart sickens to contemplate. Whe-
ther the Church, or the Kirk, or the Catholic
Chapel be predominant—whether the squire or the
mill-owner be the lord of the people, and in some
sense responsible for their condition, disgusting
ignorance, half famished neglect, and savage dis-
content amongst the great multitude—" the life-
blood of the community"—demonstrate the exist-
ence of some horrible faults or crimes in our civil
and religious polity.

In another part of The Sun, we insert a letter
explaining in few but emphatic words, the zeal
of the landlords for the Corn-laws. The Earl of
COVENTRY presided at a public meeting, six
weeks ago, as " the Farmer's Friend," and a
Correspondent informs us that he now gives his
tenants notice that they must pay an increase of
ten per cent. on their rent or quit. Already the rent
o4he laud belonging to the Noble Lord is twice or
ttiN more than it was forty years ago, but this
does not suffice, and he must have an additional
sum of ten per cent. Ten per cent. on their rent-
therefore, the present sum for which the
latiOlords barter their honour, their honesty, arid,
inftliese perilous times, the affections of the people.
For'-'an expected ten per cent. on their rent-roll,
they sacrifice the manufacturing superiority of
the nation, and consign masses of the popula-
tion to hunger and destitution. For this
paltry ten per cent. the natural payment of
rent is converted into a tax, and the law-making
landlords become the exemplars and patrons of
peculation, theft, and robbery.
The farmers, as our Correspondent says, obtain
no benefit from the Corn-laws. The rise of rent is
certain, apparently as certain as death ; the rise
of price is only contingent ; and, because people
seek out substitutes or limit their consumption
as prices increase, it never takes place propor-
tionably to the rise of rent. The ten per cent.,
therefore, the paltry ten per cent., which is expected
to go into the landlords' pocket, is the source of all
the misery inflicted on the nation by the landlords
Corn-laws.
