G It E E C E.

NUREMBERG, DF.C. 31.—Our Gazelle, under
the head of Zante, publishes the following in.
" On the 15th and 9.oth of October, the Insurgent Chiefs
gave the Turks a complete defeat, near the villages of Stamna
and ht Trinilf, in the environs of Anatolico. The Cavalry
was almost totally destroyed. Caralsacchi and Gum came to
the succour of the Etolians, and united themselves afterwards,
in Acarnania, to the division commanded by the sons of The-
seus. The Turks lost all their ammunition at Stamna. These
events may tura out of the greatest importance to the Greeks.
" It is not yot known what has been the fate of the enemy's
division which was stationed in the environs of Vrachori, but
we are assured that they were not more fortunate than that of
Anatolico. The bravest of the Grecian Chieftains, Ours, Ca-
ralsacchi, Mekri, Soaks, Zouga, and the youngest of the sons
of Theseus, fought on this occasion. The treason of Verna-
chietti has done much injury to the Greeks. Accounts have
been since received that the Etolians, united to the troops of
Sofaka and Ours, beat the Turks in the environs of Vraehori ;
and that the latter were obligtgl to retire towards Achelous."

EXTRACTS OF A LETTER ritost AN OFFICER IN TILE
SQUADRON ACTING IN TUE MEDITERRANEAN. •
" We have had but little to amuse ourselves in this part of
the world, except to escort an lonian boat in October last, from
Cephalonia to Patras ; on our arrival the Captain immediately
sent ashore for the British Consul, Mr. Green, but who was ab-
sent; the Vice-Consul came on board, to whom Captain Jet-
voise gave orders to procure for him an interview with the Pacha,
as he had communications to make to him from the lonian Go-
vernment, touching a breach of neutrality, and which interview,
the Captain said, should be made half-way from any point he
may point out. The Vice-Consul went on shore, anti returned
with an answer, that, as it was then late, the Paella could not
grant an interview till nine o'clock the next morning, and ap-
pointed the place of assembling under a largo tree. We were
there at nine, but no Pacha making his appearance, we return-
ed immediately on board. Some tune after, a boat came ot to
say the Pacha was waiting at the appointed place ; after keep-
ing his Highness a little in suspence, we went to the place ap-
pointed, and found him seated on a blue cushion under the tree,
with his pipe. After providing us with chairs (attcurce article),
we. were seated, and the overture began with handing us coffee.
The Captain then commenced by inquiring why a party of
troops of the Ottoman Porte had been sent on board a neutral
vessel belonging to an lonian subject? The Pacha gave a sa-
tisfactory reply by saying, that through the ill health of one of
his officers, a pass bad been granted him to proceed to his friends
at Prevesa, and to obtain a passage in whet manner he could.
Of this pass seven more had availed themselves, and, agreed
with an lonian boat for a large sum of money, to convey them
to Prevesa. Another lonian boat meeting them, conveyed
them to Cephalonia for a breach of neutrality, where the vessel
was condemned, and all hands placed in the Lazaretto, and the
master severely fined. The Turks being brought to the Pacha,
he was highly pleased, as desertion being very frequent, he
was determined to punish severely, so that ere this they are
with . Mehemet, or fell from their passage across the silver
web ;--the belief here being,'that after death they cross a pas-
sage on a silver web, and he whose sins bear too heavy on the
web, breaks through, and instead of reaching Paradise, goes to
Purgatory.
" The Turks certainly deserve commiseration, for at this time
in the Noma they are greatly in want of provisions, a pound of
bread, Vto b, got, sells for half a dollar. .
" We, having settled our business about the neutrality, as
also of their firing into the Chanticleer, returned on board, and
the Turks retired to their castle of Ogia, now in a miserable
state, garrisoned by only 400 Turks.
" The cause of the Turks in the Mores is very unfavour.
able; all their troops being in the city of Corinth, about 90
miles distant from us, surrounded by the Greeks, and in the
greatestalistress for provisions, of which the Greeks have an
abundant supply. Acts•of the greatest. cruelty are constant.
ly practised; not long since four Greeks had each a stake
driven through his body—they lingered four days ! Per this,
as many Tusks were. instantly served the saute. Corinth is
surrounded by deed bodies, in every state of putrefaction, from
the one that fell yesterday, to the first at the commencement of
the warfare.
" Twenty thousand Terks are now in Albania to force the
Isthmus of Corinth, which is strongly guarded by the Greeks ;
should they succeed, the carnage will be dreadful.
" We arrived, at .Caron in the night, and went on shore in
the morning to wiliness most appalling sights ; of 2,000 houses,
not one was left standing; what has become of the unfortunate
inhabitants, it is impossible to say—some to slavery—some
massacred-..others doomed to worse than death ; this is the
fourth town I have been in where destruction is perceivable at
every footstep.
• " On the Ist of November the Captain had an interview with
the Bey, and delivered his letters from Sir Thomas Maitland,
demanding a number of pirates who had been pillaging and
murdering. The Bey replied, he was quite indignant at the
subject; indeed his men were so divided, he said, and killed by
the Greeks in ambush; that he could scarce account for his
men. If, upon inquiry, it was the me, they should be punish.
ed and restitution made, but be would not consent to give
them up. He inquired if any of the British subjects were to
commit acts of piraey, whether the King of England would de-
liver them up ? Upon being answered it, the negative, he said,
how canyon expect the Porte will deliver these men up to you ?
If the crime is proved, they shall be punished for this breach
of the laws of nations by our own laws. During this service,
several of our men were placed around with glasses, fearful of
an impetuous attack from the Greeks, who succeed in this
kind of warfare, anti spare no one. The day before they'
killed six men, and wounded two, at the distance they
were then fromthe Castle, Having completed this affair, the
Bey denying all knowledge of thehusiness, we have returned
Corfu:"
