DR. NORRIS'S ttyiut DROPS.

THIS telebrited Medicine is allowed to be
superior so any other 'remedy Will caaes-of.Fevers,
.scre
.Throata, Slow Fevers,, c,oninicsnly gilled Nervous,
Typhus Fever, and Agnes, sad 411 those Disorders which
arise from obstructed' perspiration. In hot climates,
where Fluxes and Bilious Complaints are very prevalent,
especially in the West Indies and Americo, these Drop',
are, by extensive successful experience, proved to be in-
vilnable. They produce perspiration in the must gentle
and easy manner,; and, without giving the Patient the least
disturbaner or uneasiness. Theie Jrops, gives nimeably,
to the direction in the *crime! and distinct eases, not a
single instance has ever come to the knowledge. of Dr.
Norris, in which they have failed to rare. Purchasers are
requested to observe that the genuine preparation of
Norris's Drop', will bars . engraved on the Stamp,
" Thomas Norris Moore." , Mr.. Norris Moore has ma_
Wished a Deli& with Mr. Edwards, G 7, fit, Pittri Church-
yard ; Mr. Sanger, Oxford-street, opposite Buntl-street,
and Mr.-Strolling, at the entrance to the Hoyal Exchange,
; for the sale of the above Medicine.
Pricy 21. ed., I Is., and Ili rausilt )39tt1es *tr. each.

(From the Ztlinburgh I:vening Couratst of S tt,irday.)
-Yesterday a general meeting of the Edinburgh
Society for promoting the'Anlition of Negro: Sla.
Very was held in the Assembly Rooms, GeOrge-
street, the Right Honourable the Lord Provost in
the. Chair. ;. •
,On taking the chair his Lordship, said—This is
the first meeting of the kind I have had the honour
Of attending-much less of presidieg. The question
regarding which we are assembled here today is
one which has been so fully discussed for so many
years past, that it would be in vain for me in my
comparative state, of ignorance to attempt to make.
any, remarks on the subject; but I am, happy to
think that I am ably supported on my right and-left
by those "who 'have made the question their sleep
and serious stud/ ; and I feel confident that it Will
be treated with that calmness and temper which
ever ought to, distinguish the discussion of such
grave and important question iii such a large oisem-
lily as this am aware thatmeny practical dif-
ficulties attend the abolition or negro slavery and
that rfituty apologies are offered for the existence of
it • .and -I have only further to shoe, 'that in pfoing
about to attempt to correct the evil, every ouewlll
look much more to the proper :corrective than to
find fault with its existence, .1 am, however, sorry
to soy, that it is much too, common in
.meetings of
this nature to find fault, without attending to the
means of remedying the'evil, and I do not see that
any good can come from merely stating that an evil
exists, unties a remedy for it be also pointed .out.
His Lordship then stated, that the Dean of-Faculty,
who had made the subject his study from his earliest
Years, would lay before the meeting a series of reso-
lutions for their adoption.
The DEAN OP FACULTY-1 believe it is known
toyour Lordship that iris only in consequence of the
unavoidable abNence of more than one valued friend,
in whose hands the business would, have been far
better entrusted, that the duty has devolved on me
of opening the proceedings of this day. In laying
before this great assembly the purposes for which it
is convoked, I may, in one sentence, state, that they
have been called together to take into consideration,
and have submitted for their adoption, certain reso-
lutions, which have been prepared by, a committee
of persons long ;conversant in matters of this nature
—expressive: of the sentiments of 'those who shall
adopt them, of the infinite evil and misery neces-
sarily attendant upon colonial or negro slave!). ; and
expressing their conviction that the time is now
come when sto further, delay should. be interposed
than is absolutely necessary for arranging the man;
ner of its total and final abolition ; and that, in the
meantitne, such mitigation of the intolerable suffer-
ings—such mitigation of the unutterable wrongs of
the slaves, by means of their instruction and im-
provement, as .may be best calculated to promote
the ultimate liberty_ and happiness of that-tace,
should be adopted.. Such is the general _scope of
the resolutions which I will have the,honour to pro-
pose for your adoption; and which it is intended to
embody into a petition to both Houses of Rohe-
Mont. Peeling as I' do the truth of the remark that
just now fell from ,your Lordship, I mean with re.
gut' to the: lung protracted discussion which this
ttektion has !Ind:crime, and that. the degree of in-
formation which must necessarily have been obtained
by those svho have felt so much interest in the clues-
iion coliie here that, if left to the dic-
tates of my own judgment, I would' have' been dis-
posed not to intrude on the attention of the meet-
ing farther, than :simply to have requested their
adoption of the resolutions and petition. Certainly
i it s,no part of my purpose to detain this assembly
by going over the many revolting and unutterable
abominations of the practice against which ire are
arrayed, nor the many inducemeriti to point out the
imperative nature of the duty devolved upon roe by
the cause I have espoused. 1 believe there me not
many persons in this meeting who do not know all
that I etn pretend to tell theta; and I believe there
is not one of them who requires any additional sti.
Mttrus to influence his opinion and decision in this
gi interval
anti
has
why elapsed,
aps
tet s
easier,
metref,, But as it is long title° it meeting of this
kittiketisheld in this city, and as these who have
called it, and taken their fellow.cltiattus from their
ordinary aVocations, think themselves , bound to
I o
t.t:ish t
hey an g hysor e a
fitht t::
and why 'so little has been done m the cause
h 1
moMent has. been selected for arousing them
from the apathy into which they hare. fallen,
I Wok it is necessary to say thnt it hi
to juofy the reasons, which have brought US to 0.:
tiler, than the delay which has been allowed to take
place.
.At the Sttme timel think it is right to re-
eairto.tne attention of this numeroui meeting the
past proceedings in the cause cm which we are .now
met, because I do think that, nothing can so well
answer the purpose or,the view; which 1 wild* to
impress on this respectable auditory, than a brief
retrospect of the peat. Ntithing can more clearly
and lamentably enforce the necessity of our -bestir-
ring ourselves than the many Mischiefs which have
grown nut of the delusive and sophistical argu-
ments that have been mainteiued with effect, though
incapable of being verified. It would be absurd to
go back to the historical origin of, that calamitous
traffic and miserable bondage, which for three cen-
turies his been the curse anti disgrace of the western
oolonies•Of Europe. It is guilefully known that the
introduction of slavery followed hard at the heels of
that inhuman, and that tiever-to.be-forgotten or for,
given, extermination of the native and innocent
people of the then newly discovered country by their
Spanish conquerors; and that it crept in gradually
into the colonies of every other state, in cense-
quence of that example, not then questioned, nor for
long after publicly vindicated. Bale) the credit
of Christian Europe, it ought to be 'remembered,
that for centuries back the voice-1 will say the
unanimous voice--of all Christian and reflecting
men, has been ridged against the object, nature,
and tit-reasonableness of that system which we have
tnet here to-day to condemn; and with regard to
Great Britain, so long ago as.the latter part of the
century before the last, the people raised their
voices against that barbarity_-more -.especially that
most meritorious and exemplary body called the So-
ciety' Of Friends. The ettrlicat of all appeals against
ilavery 'proceeded from some members of. that
Society, in one of the American colonies where' sla-
very existed, so far back as 1690. It was that body
who first struck the light, and had fanned the flew
into a blaze, by which -I
trust the abomination is et
list to be consumed.--(Cheers.)-1 must pay the
same tribute to all the great thinkers and philoso-
phers of ' our Country. Amongst the early end
great names enrolled us hostile to slavery were two
eminent individuals, for in 1750 or 1760, the most
decided testimony was published agaost it in n pam-
phlet published by Dr. Adam Smith, tied Dr. Ro=
bertson entertained similar opinions. I mention
these names, not so much from their philosophical.
acumen; but because they were practically worldly
wise men, who took up that opinion advisedly, and
maintained it tealously and dispassionately, end to
as great nit extent as these who have since been
branded ass 'wild, visionary, and enthusiastic. Per-
haps it may be owing to a natural partiality, and I
trust an excusable one, to the profession-to which I
have the honoor to belong, that I next beg leave to
call your attention to what I cotteeive to be the true
origin of the spirit that first led to the unsealing of
the eyes of the nation. The first triumph of reason
slid justice was obtained -about the same period by,

the solemn determination d the Supreme Courts o
Liav in the case of Somerset in England, in 176?;
a"d. of Knight in Scotland in 17.79, which wt•re
both decided on the seme prineiple, andOn no other
than that upon which we are now ,esaembled
namely, that it was e ,ntrary to law and justice, and
incapable of being; defended, ley custom, nerve, or
P rescription,"thatinait .entild heti a claim of pro.
•
petty in his fellow men, as his good* - mid chattel:
This was first brought forward by the meritorious
and philanthropic exertions of Mr. Granville Sharpe,
contrary, to the feelings - and prepossessions of the
profeSSion to which he belonged, and of the Go
eernment. Bet so convincing were his argument..
that
,he wen o'ker the great body of the people, and
made a sleep impression on the great mind of the•
talented Judge, Lord Mansfield. This fact wak-
established, not upon any technicaliie'or quibble
but upon the broad principle and basin of the Mm-
man law of England, which does not reeognixe-a
right of property, in human beings. Thus breaking
the *hackles of the sieve, ,and telling him to ~tano
erect in fell equality with other men.----(lleae,)
A similar case occurred in Scotland a few year
after, and that was' the. principle Upon which it was
ruled. I speak advisedly 'when I say it was;nOt.
ruled upon any peculiarity in the law of Scotland,
but on t he more broad and general', prinelplse
to which. Litive already referred—that slavery
was contrary 'to- the law of Goa and nature,; and
therefore inclinable of being defended in any Chris-
tian country. The Learned Dean then proCeeded to
give a historical detail of what had been done
this great question since 1784., by Clarkson and
Wilberforce, Pitt and Dundee, and Burke, and
!utterly by Fox, till the trade in slaves was abo-
lished in 180 G. During the short, but on this ac-
count ever glorious and never to be forgotten admi-
nistration of Mr. Fox—the ardent prayer-'-the
earnest wishes--and the long delayed hopes of, the
British nation were at last consummated by the final
abolition of the slave trade in 1800.—(Applause.)
That was a triumph—that was a vie:my—which, in
point of fact, insured, and sloes insure, all the triumph
to which we in the same field can. aspire. Then,the
film fell from the eyes of the nation—then was the
moment of victory—the-oppressor was then truly
worsted, and he knew h;s :defeat—then his feet
failed him, anti he was laid low--then was his spear
broken rind his shield ;pierced: through.—(Loud
cheers.)—Although he might rear tip a patched but
miserable appearance of defence, he knew that in
that hour his kingdom.had passed from him. The
Learned Dean next narrated the measures which
had taken place: from 1806 to .'lB23—stating that
the French war had put it our of the power of the
friends of humanity to carry into effect their anxious
wishes, and proceeded, I come down to a date which
is pregnant with important Measures to the cause it
which we are now engaged--I mean 18-3,- The
leading Members of the Government, all thong; from
the time of Mr. Pitt, had been favourable to the
nholition of slavery ; but at this time, under the
euspicei cif Mr. Cunning, something like arrange-
ments were proposed on the part of Government.--
A number of individuals deputed by the West India
proprietors, with a committee of the friends of abo-
lition, and the matters at issue were understood to
be arranged. Audit is matter of history that the Go-
vermnent, with the concurrence of these West India
proprietors, did give its sanction to resolutions de-
claring that slavery was an evil, and ought to be got
rid of as soon as that could be done ; but, in the
meantime, with a view to lessen the. difficulties of
.
emancipation, certain preliminary and urgeht mea-
sures in mitigation of the state of slavery should be
adopted, and certain improvements in the state amid
condition of the slaves should be effected: I need
not tell you that those resolutions contemplated the
edueetiug of the slaves, and the providing them
with religious instruction, some remedies as to the
infl;ction of corporeal plinisliment,aed the admission
of the evidence of slaves, the working out of their
own manumissimeand the appointment of a guardian
of sieves, to whom complaints might be made, and,
if necessary, transmitted to this country. I believe
the friends of abolition ef, slavery were not willing
to trust much to colonial legislators, or the pledges
given on the part of ' slave proprietois, but, being
leagued with the Government, they did not:refuee
that an experiment of this kind Should. be tried. iI.
shall now trouble you with some facts. Certain of
the colonies, contaieing two-thirds of a slave pope-
latien, have a sort of constitutional government of
theirown, possessing the power Of internal -regmile,
end the others are the conquered coloniei,
which are under the immediate control of the Crown.
'The difference between these are, commands of the
Crown are authoritatively given to the latter, while
to the former its orders are conveyed in the shape
of recommendations to their own legislatures. Now,
thoughendat e years have elapsed since these recorn-
m seven
ssnvere given to the Colonial Legislatures
make no violation of the truth when I state,
that nothing aubstantial has been done—that not one
of them has obeyed, and that in all and every pobit.
at most, only an artful and evasive:compliance has,
been given. In the Crown colonies the most lama,
imperfect, and :unprofitable, obedience had been given
to reiterated orders in Council-, and even 59 late as
February, 1830, the list were issued without effect.
Ott the part,of the Colonial Legislatures they were
treated with a sulky silence, alternatively with .an in-
solent direct refusal ; and finally with a practical re-
fueal and.diaobedience to those instructions, so that
upon the whole the state of two-thirds of the slave
population wits not a whit better than it was in
1702 ; thus, at this moment, two-thirds of that po-
pulation endure those miseries which were in 1823
actually pledged by the West India proprietors, them-
selves to be suppressed; and the ethiscenerice is,
that, at the end of seven long years, the re-
sult comes to be this, that, except in the shape of
the express authority of -the British Perliament, TiO
hope new remains for the termination of -this
miserable state of slavery. Now we stand in the
beginning of a new •reigie and at the convecatioti of
a new Parliament, in which it is said there is a
greater number of new members, fresh from contact
with their constituents, than has sat in any Perlias
meet which has; existed in our :day; and I ask you
whether a ease has not imw been made nut, with-
out the imputation Of precipitous 'or premature in-
terference ? For if we have zeal,'• we have been
patient; if earnest, we have been long suffering
and if we now carry the public mind along with us,
the abolition will be attained. It is. neetniiary (Or
roe tostill sought to maintain the say a word or two on one pretext, on
which
itis
foul rag of slavery,
The colonies say, we will net go into your measures
—we are to rt certain extent politically independent
states. Independent states a handful of bankrupti
—my we Will -make our own laws, and bid you dc-
fiance. Tebago„ , and Trinithol—goodly
depeedent totes I—say that it was from our inters
fereece that the American colonies revolted, and
that if we interfere_ Oust they will revolt oleo ! Derive
the American revolt the right of a slave to, freedom
was boldly asserted, maintemed, anti Admitted; and
Mr. Bailie, the mighty advocate of American free,
dum, while he contended that the colonies had a
right to tax themaelves,never entertained a doubt that .
they ,haA no property in thi sieve.. -These colonise}
May talk of their independence; but who is it that
keeps the knife of the alive froM the throat of his
oppressor ? Anti how t»any have we not kept
from bankruptcy
th° meilePely we give them
the sale of their produce ? These mire the 'kerosine:
who come forward to ch.& amid insult time public. of
Oren Britain, and any,
we liaveno right to meddle

with their' concerns. I have only referred to that,
heeauee it is plaaed at the Italia of the argument; and
will page over their blasphemy, diet slarety it jun-
r:fied by Scripture. They quote Scripture--flat
Shakespeare his said that the Devil can quote
Seripture to suit h;s purposee. I next come to the
;Mint where they say that Ly law the slave is pros.
perty, and we may do With him what We deem
proper; and in the next place doing with them
what we can, we do very well, You are mistaken,
hey are not oppressed—they are remarkably 'con-
tent and happy—they are far better than they %Timid
be if they were enitincipated. On the first of them,
'points it is absurd to talk. If they agree to emanci-
pate their slaves, and can make out a claim of, pro-
perty beflre Parliament cr a Court of .lieitice, un-
questionably they will be &aided to compensation;
and undoubtedly the Lepisiature can take fur ,
ge-
neral purposes the.propertrot any man on compete.
sation. But Ido not think that they can mske out
a case of compensation, for the queition of this'
species of propetty has been .ruled on. general prin-
elides three tithes in England and twice in Scotland;
50 years.ego. I should like to know, if it is pro.,
perty, what are its peculiarities. hit the property
'of an animal ?---and if property at all, it must be of
that nature. But 'does it resemble the propetty of
art animal? If it is property, why not the West
Indian entitled to kill' his slave as an animal, and eat
him, or sell his flesh to feed dogs, And his skin to
make saddles ? —(Hear, henr.)—lf properly at till,
it must be property out and oat, and thvisable like
all ptoperty-s-they must he entitled to cut up the
carcass into the most minute fraction, lint upon
their own principles, it turns out that only one
party is to have all the right, and the other all the
wrong---the one all the benefit, and the other all the
injury—the one all that renders life a blessing, and:
the other all which can render it a cese.—(llear,
hear.)--:-The other point involves no subtlety or ar
gumenr;. it is a question of naked fact, and 'idol-•
tunately a fact on which the evidence is oeerndialm-
ing against them. They say that the slave popula-
tion is happy and contented as they are st present—
that to emancipate them would be to injure them.
I admit, if this is true, that it is a good answer, end
that to interfere with them would be to interfere
with their happiness. But I cannot admit they can
'take out this proposition. "defy them to prove it.
There is another obvious mistier to this; if it be
true, the planter has then no interest to maintain
the slave in slavery. They stty' they are better
fed, lodged, and doctored, thrin the peasantry of
any country. in the world; and, if free, would not
earn as much as supply them with us much food
and clothing ne they give them. Why, the
best answer to all this is, the slaves do not
think so. If it is averred that the slave would earn
less when free than when in bondage, why do they
take from their own picket the means to confer a
benAt on this most thankless generation ? But the
truth is just the reverse of all this. The only ob-
ject the planter had for keeping the, slave in this
state is, that he gets more work out of him than the
mere amount of the cost or food, lodging, end cloth.
ing. Tlic learned gentlemati then went on to show
that the'slave`population decreased in the colonies,
in the inverse ratio of the free block population, and
that the' Maroons, though a prOseribed race, doubled
their 'Mother in 40 yea's. He then adverted to the
great amount of crime among slaves as a cont.,-
quence of their degradation, anti remarked at some
length and with great force, on the disguisting ef-
fects of corporeal punishment, and 'the great. care
taken to keep from them the' cemforts of religieux
instruction. He urged, with much eloquence, the
necessity) of first educating the slave to raise him to
that sante in' society which, a s a human being, he
was destined to till. It is said, he remarked, that
the slave is trot fit for freedom ; but whose fault is
that ?—they have beets in your hands now since
.1806. If they are ignorant, you have kept them so
had the confront of all, their actions, and the
power of railing forth the energies of their !pied. If
they are ignorant have you''not perMitted and ens
couraged that ignorance. If slaves are revengeful--
who is it that has' inflicted the wrongs they wish to
beirevenged of; if they are unwilling to work, who
is it that hail joined with. work, degradation and ter.
ture ? The learned Dean concluded bit powerful
address by stating, that he saw no such danger from
etnancipeting the slaves us was contended for by the.
West India Hunters; and concluded by moving n
seal of resolutions, the lending feature which
was to declare, that after .Innuary, 1831,'a1l the chil-
dren born of slave parents should be' declared free,
and sat dowu amid great cheering,.
Dr. RITCIIII4 of Potterrow, seconded the resolu-
tions.

Dr..TIIObISON amid not allow the resolutions to
pass without stating that ha did not agree With them
as-to the period at which emantipnticai Should be
obtained. So far as these resolutions go they are
excellent, and 1 will give every credit to the com-
mittee who has drawn them up, but in my opinion
they.tio,not go far enough. They say slavery should
be uholiihed—when was this doubted by any Chris-
tian ussetnbly ? If the meeting adhered Co what.
was stated it was not one step more advaneed than
it was several years ago. It proposed that this
should be dontrat the earliest possible or practicable
period, but what did that. mean ? It just means
that the poasible period is likely to be. many years
!tenets. Now, in my opinion, I would go a step far-
ther, and insert the word " immediately ;" I am us.
tonished that any one can acquiesce in the premises
laid down, or in the soundness of the arguments we
have heard, without seeing the necessity of an int•
mediate abolition.. I would just beg this meeting
tf► look for orie moment to the history of this quo*.
' turn and to the many vain and abortive attempts
made by active philanthropists in this cause. What
Was it, with regard to the Government, but a his•
tory of affected or mistaken confidence in the colo-
nial legislatures and West India Planters, a confi.
dome which had been as often abused-us it bad been
reposed in; and What was the history of the quits-
tion, in respect to the Christian people of this couter
try4but a series of disappointments and sad delu-
sions. With respect to the West India Preprie.
tors it was a history full of professions, deception%
and deceitful promises. Was it nut a consummation
devoutly to,be wished for-,the delivery of 800,00 Q
huMan beings ? Why were the eternal principles
of justice and equity to be compromised for maxims
of expediency.or. policy P The ground of expedi•
eticy ie one which the West Indian delights to oc-
cupy, and he will argue with you- for -ever and ever
upon it
.; he will, however, use sophistry for argue
ment, and there will be no fair play in that ease.,-.
for we all know that ingenious Men have often not
much regard to truth, unit can easily make out a
case of expediency; but in all such matters 1.
would rather come to a decision on the principles
of justice vat humanity than on expediency.
know that attempts will be made to frighten uo
from an immediate abolition, but the statements
of our opponents ate contradicted by filets. Do
their feurs tally with their treattnunt of their
slaves P Dr. Thomson here referred to the ergue
went of the Dom of Facalty its to t he condition or
the slave population. `lna planters say 'the slaver
are as happy as the peasantry of this country. I
will take them at their word, Laic! hey, stud he it so,
ll' that he the ease, whercis the- danger of leaving
them to themselves ? Where is the risk of their re-
venging injutiert, Utile', have never suffered wrongs P
leaked of cutting- each others throats, the argtimitit
cuts i!s own throat, TIM truth is, that it is .the
must abitutd argument cle brought forward; and

though no hind to :qe ',bed :iug of blood, I would
rather that a great deal of blood was shed, if neces-
sary, than that 00,0.00: hum en beings !deed(' cot.
!Mee in hopelette beenlitge.—( clears, lwar.)-1 may
he told that the skeet are nor prepariel to receive
retlotn—but whese fault is deter neve not the
planters known for years that it sees the, feelings
of the people, find the intention Of the Leglidature,
o eive emencireiert, and why are they not pre.
pared ?...Just,:because mote expect .and wish that
they never :will be prepared. H say,-if any evil
is mit:Owed, it: is the duty, of the Legieleture to
,rovide for the security of both .master. and slave;
and I belie , that at whatever period Governmeet
may lleCree the elation of elaeery, that they will
eoneider their work hut half done if they do not do
eree—The'Rev. Doctor now adverted to the state of
religion it, the Colonies. The planters were hound
to proelde for the personal comfort end otereid wel-
fare of tlie elaree; and whatever mightibe done by
Government towards emancipation, religious in•
struetion must form an ettient;alpf that system. On
this point what has been done ?, Yee have heard
i good dee! but I will mention one feet more. The
&Oath is the day Which 'ought to he deveted to the
eel giOus instruvtion of the eineee; but the planters
hare mark errangentente by which It is' phyeically
impooilds for tour instruction ttj be Obtained; and
the inference 1
draw tram this( is that there are
manly who are not willing shit the sieves ebould lea
prepared for emancipeition. The resolutions contain
one proposition to which I cannot accede—the pro-
p-teal that at a certain perial, say, the lit of January,
1831, it shall be enacted, that ell the children born
after that period shall be
.free. This I maintain is
en utter tieleeion. It is the approval of the principle
that man has a right of property in his fellow mart,
at,principle which 1 never can admit ---Then, %Om(
is to be the state of those children barn .after the
Ist of January, 1831—who are to he declared free,
while their brothers and sisters are to be kept itt
state ofhontlage--(Cheers)—because they heppeettl
to he, by the providence of God, burn before the
31st of December, 1830 ? They are not to he dt.
dared free became they are born one hoer ierlier
than their more fortunate burlier or sister. Then,
again, think of the feelings of the parents of those
children—they are shires, subject to the legit of the
cart whip, end that, too, before the eyes of their free
childree.—(llear, hear, and cheering).--Ageiti, who
is to train up those children--or are they to bet Priv'.
rated from their parents ? Are the ties whicleexibt
between parent and child to be broken—or are the
letter to be brought under all the .feelingit end in-
fluences of slavery ? If so, though free, they will
be vicious as slaves. The Rev. Doctor their mated
that it was the imperious duty of the meeting to
come forward and tell the Legislature, es le came as
free and enlightened Christian people, who cant
judge in a ease of this kind et well as any Legieletere
on the face of the earth, what they wanted, and
that they were determined to have; and expressed
a strong what that the word " immediate" should
be embodied into the resolutions,---(Loud cheering,
and cries of "'Move, move.") • r
Dr. RITCME was willing to go all the length Dr.
Thomson proposed, but because the resolutions WI
been brought forward by a Committee, he would
not oppose them, bolding his own individual opinion
es in no way pledged.
The LORD PROVOST asked if Dr. Thomson',
Emotion was seconded. .

Mr. 11. D. DlcKitt said, rather th.ni ilrdt the
Motion of Dr. Thomson should rid/ for ienot of it
seenn&r he would second it.
Mr. &UNION, advocate, offered tt tow worth' by
way of. argument• in opposition to Dr. Thomson,
hot he was heed with very :great impatience.
Dr. TnoldsoN said, he was unwilling to intrutlt,
on the meeting, but•mentnined, that the pliblic lint!
been too long bamboozled and :hoodwinked on this
inbject. lle ales remarked, that the (idiom of not
emancipating the slave pptilition; and whattiver
consequences Might ensue from it, 'lay upon those
who refund to,ernameipate, and that pence was only
maintained in that colonies by troops sent front
this country, but, if the planters would not concede,
these troops ought to be withdrawn.
A gentleman who stated himself to be from
Trinidad, next addressed the meeting. The ten.
deney hie Observations were to the dice; that if
(oveinment was allowed to proce.tl in the manner
they were now going on, !bete wooldl soon be no
;laves in that colony, "'hoot one-half of the' popoia.
tion of which is free blsck labourers; and that 3 tie)
was its peaceful star., that property was more VA
luable there than any where elso iu Ole West
end that there was not a single pnuper in the w nolo

8111PsoN' suggested that the matter should
be lett to the wisdom of ParUlm( tit to rimtheimio
slaves as speedily as possible.-7(CrieS of " No, oo,")
The Lont) PativosT thotight there was more in-
genuity than solid argument in the reason.ng of Dr.
Thomson.—(hear,)--Dr. Thoni,ion had said that
he would wish the objeet gained even though it
should cost. blend; but would it not be better if the
Klink' good could be accomplialted without blood-
shed 1' His Lordship said, us Chief Magistrate of the
city, he could not preside at a meeting where, such
Kent imosts were uttered.

Dr. TuomsoN said hr had been rnishpprehrnded.
Suppose, said he, we had lands on th, Continent,
and suppose a neighbouring nation invaded them,
and for years maintetinad possession, its spite of rc-
monstrance—would not the Lord Provoir, rs

loyal subject--and who doubts that his Lordship is
so ? say that we should go to war against that nation;
and what Was that but to shed blood P But with
the Lord novost war, is not the same with blood-
shed. If the West India proprietors set themselves
against the principles of etetnal justice, aed refuse
to give freedom to the slave, on them be the, guilt
and the responsibility of shedding blood.
Mr. Dolittt said, when he seconded the motion
of Dr. Thomson, he did not state his reason;, hut
his maxim Was borrowed from a heathen philosopher,
who sail) fiat justilia, runt cream, which he would
English thus," Let justice be done, be the ,conse-
quenee what it may.'
The both Pstoroter....Aa chief Magistrate atilt!
city, I cannot preside at any sneetists Ore such
sentiments are uttered.
Ilia Lordship here suddenly left the and a
very singular scene took plate, sortie -Oiling on Dr.
Thomson to preside, others holding that the meeting
was dissolved, the Chair being vacated. VaiiAts
propositions and speeches were made, but it was
now somewhat dark, and a good deal of confosion
ensued, so that our tepOrPl was tillable to tido
notes. An attempt wee mule to unitive Dr.
MT' le to take the Chair, but he des lines!, hecatew
he did not concur in the propriety of 1)r.
sot's proposition. Dr. Ritchie suggested that
another meeting of those friendly to the views of
Dr. Thomson should be 'held'on a subsequent day,
while Mr. Campbell of 'Carbrooli tried to hring
them over to his Views' by contending, ttlat.
who would go the length of petitioning for howiedi.
at. 111101illon, could not fffnale in polio)! for eventoul
abolition. Dr, ThisinsOn ilrgtl44 fur, tho reverse.
Mr. W. Ritchie moved, easel it was carried untati.
mouldy, that nothing was said ,wirh :the irstetitilm to
offerni the Lord Provost. Dr. Thomson silt'. hts
Was quite unconscione of ho Inver; any cause of
offence. It was in the end agreed to have 'soother
meeting next week ; and the meeting broke. up
about quarter before six o'clock. The room was
crowded to excess ; and among the company• were
a great number .of

• NATIONAL LIBRAUV, tllO toitowtog
aro jtot I:011611v! by Mners. Cot.ounttood !bout t.re : --
The, Ilivory of the title, by the Rev. O. U. Cit.eto,
forming the Second Monter of the National. Lih,
The flrirver of Bruges, :II the. Author of nigh Woyi
atul Be Ways," hr.... 3. Six
by Hatter Fusat,t, 'knee -1111 a choper
of the Bottler .1, br the Author of "'the Rot
*, the Prairie," Ileatsasea rrhYeht in Oreertteild
Altetni:4 with thirty:three Ilituittatiool, e,,lc
11`9Tington, awl his i,014,,i'e vole. CAmPag, Le* Peetkol Works, new. Edition„ with. 4-Igtic
Praecati`e, ort‘inve to Parh., A :Nia;cl itt
Mos
