Flt TIE MADRID GAZLTTE.

MADRID, DEC. 17.--His Majesty has issued a
Decree, instituting a new Order, to be of gold,
having on one side, in the centre of a crown,
these words "By the King." O❑ the other
side, " Reward of Innocence." This Cross will
be bestowed on those who lost their liberty by
the arbitrary orders of the Prince of Peace, and
for their attachment [towards the person of the
King.
?he Court Ggzette of this day contains the de-
cree which orders lion Miguel B. de Maya to be
set at !iberty, granted by the intercession of Don
Narciso Joseph de Velasco, Deputy of the Pro-
vince of Alava.

The mitings of Mr. Amoros are still sought
after with great avidity. Mr. Macanza is now
universally regretted by a great portion of the
people, who do not hesitate lo blame the acts of
Government, though they were first to condemn
him while in office. it is, positively said that he
has been depri-ved of the whole of his personal
property; but above all the fate of Donna Ma-
canza is deeply deplored, as her beauty and her
unjust fate have gained her the commisseraiion
and good wishes of every one. •

His Majesty has just granted a reward to' all
those persons'who manifested zeal and attach-
ment towards his Perron, in the unfortunate affair
of the Escurial, in 1807.

HAYTI.

SPEECH OF KING HENRY (CHRISTOPHE).

In answer to the Address of the GrandConncil of the flay
lion Nation, relative to the. Letter of ill. Aux;(ll,i I.Aviasst,
0(1.22, 1814. •
Haytiaos ! Your sentiments, your generous resolution, are
worthy of us your King shall always he worthy of you.

Our indignation is at its height. Let Hayti, from this mo-
ment.be only one vast camp ; let us prepare to combat thine
tyrants who t►`-eaten us with chains, slavery, and death.
Haytians ! the whole world has its eyes fixed upon us ; our
conduct must confound our calumniators, anti justify the opi-
nion which philanthropists have formed of us. Let us rally;
let us have but one and the same wish,—that of exterminit-
ing our tyrants. On the unanimous cooperation of .our
union, of our efforts, will depend the prompt success of our
cause. Let us exhibit to posterity a great example of courage;
let ,us combat with glory, and be effaced from the rank of na-
tions rather than renounce liberty and independence. A King,
we know how to live and die like a King: you shall always see
us at your head, sharing- in your perils and dangers. Should
it so happen that we cease' to exist before consolidating your
rights, call to mind our actions ; and should our tyrants so
"far succeed as' to endanger your liberty, and independence,,
disinter my bones ; they will still lead you to victory, and en-
able you to triumph over our implacable and'eterual enemies.

REPORTED ABSTRACT OF •
THE TREATY WITH AMERICA.

Art. I. 'he first Article provides, that all hostilities are to
cease as soon as the Treaty shall" have been ratified by both
parties ; all territories taken possession of by either party to
be restored, excepting the islainls in the flay of Pasama-
quoddy : they are to remain in the possession of the respective
Powers; in whose hands they then are, until it is decided to
whom they belong, according %o the agreement of a former
Treaty.

2. Immediately after the ratification of this Treaty by both
parties, as hereinafter mentioned, orders shall he sent to the
armies, squadrons, officers, subjects, and citizens of the two
Powers, to cease from all hostilities; and to prevent all causes
of complaint which might arise on account of the prizes which
may he taken at sea after the said ratifications of this Treaty,
it is reciprocally agreed, that all vessels and effects taken after
.the space of tw, -:e days from the ratification;upon all parts
of.the coasts of North America, from the latitude of 23 degrees
north, to the latitude of 50 degrees north, and as far eastward
in the Atlantic Ocean as the 36 degree of west lorr.titude from
the meridian of Greenwich, shall be restored on each side
That the time shall be 30 days i u all other puts of the At-
lantic north of the equinoctial line or equator; and the same
time for the British and Irish channel, for the gulf of Mexi-
co, and all parts of the West Indies : forty days for She North
Seas, for the Baltic, and for all parts of the Mediterranean :
60 days for the Atlantic Ocean south of the equator, and as
far aI the latitude of the Cape of Good Hope : 90 days for
every other part of the world south of the equator; and 120_
days for the other parts of the world, withont exception. -
O. This article relates to the mutual restoration of pri-
soners.

4.. Relates to the Islands in the Bay of Passamaquoddy. '
One Commissioner is to be appointed by each Power, who-are
to decide to which Power those Islands respectively belong,
agreeably to the intention of the Treaty of 1783. If the
Commissioners cannot agree, reference is to be made to some
friendly Sovereign to decide.-
5,0, 7. Relate to the line of boundary, agreeably to the
Treaty of 1783. The boundary line is to run through the
middle of the River St. Lawrence, and of the several Lakes
respectively. It is necessary to decide where the middle is,
and to which Power the Islands near the middle of those
Lakes, &c. respectively belong.
8. States that the Commissioners_ are to appOint-Surveyors
and Clerks, &c. and to provide for their payment.
9. RelateS- to the Indians. It is agreed that each of the
two Powers is to make Peace with the Indians who have
joiued in the war against them ; and to restore them. to the
priVilezes, &c. they possessed previous to the war, provided
that the Indians refrain from aggression, and conduct them-
selves peaceably.- . .

10. tioth PoWers agree to ermtiauf their'efforts to'proeure
the abolition of the Siave Tsade.
11. This Treaty, when the same shall have been ratified on
both shit s without alteration by either of the. contracting
parties, and the ratifications mutually exehangtd, shall be
binding on both parties; anal the ratifications shall be ex-
changed at ‘Vashinton in the space of four months frutu this
dute, or sooner, it practicable.
Dated nth December, 1514.

It was siKnctl at 6, p. in.
iThe subjects of the Fisheriis and India Trade, probably
foriu supplemental Articles of the Treaty.]

A Paper of ycltertlay.gives the following spe-
cimen of the ten* :—" On Sunday last, after
the performance of the funeral service over the
remains of a woman in Shoreditch church-yard,
and when the coffinitad been nearly covered with
earth, a moan %vas heard from_ the grave, which
arrested the hand of the, grave-digger ; it was fol-
lowed by another, which convinced hint that the
sound came from the coffin. No time was lost
by the persons still remaining around the grave
to open it, when the woman was found strng-
gling for breath ! Site was immediately carried
into the vestry room, where she revived, and was
shr.trllv after conveyed home !"—Creulat Judfflus!

IMPORTANT tOrtIII.7O.NDENCE.
