PARLIAME

HOUSE OF LORDS, JUNE •28.

In a Committee of Privileges on the Strath-
more Peerage, Mr. WETHERELL was heard in
reply on behalf of the supposed son of the late
Earl, after which,. the Committee came to a de-
cision that the'supposed son had not made out
his claim, and that the Right Hon.Thornas Bowes,
brother of the late Earl, bad established his.
The Greenwich Hospital Estate Bill, the Con-
solidated .Farad Bill, and the Coasting Trade
Bill, were brought up from the Commons, and
each read a first time.

Nr.-Serjeant ONsLow and others brought a
Message from the Commons, requesting a Copy
of the Report of a Committee appointed by their
Lordships to search the Records upon all matters
touching the dignity of a Peer of this realm,
The .E.:-L-TtlEation was in-lortnen thge the flOuse
would send an Answer by a Messenger of its-own.
The Scotch Distilleries Drawback Bill, the
Scotch Malt Duties Bill, the Charitable Lands
Exchange Bill, and the British:li erring Bounties
Repeal Bill, were severally read the third time
and passed.

The Wool Importation Bill, the Land Tax
Commissioners' Names Bill, the Gaol Fees Bill,
the Ship-owner's Protection Bill, the Cinque
Ports Frauds Prevention Bill, and the Wool Re-
gistry Bill, passed through the Committees and
Were reported.

. .
Several Private Bills were then forwarded in
their respective stages, after which the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.

- -
Mr. S. WHITBREAD gave notice, that On Tuesday next
he would submit a motion to the House relative to a Society
styling itself the Constitutional Association.

The; Silk Bounties Bill was committed.—Report to-morrow.
The Consolidated Fund Bill was read a third time and
passed.

Mr. LINDSAY presented a Petition from the Brewers of-
Dundee against the provisions of the Act 1-2 Geo. IV., requir-
ing accounts and certificates of the sale of beer.
The Warehousing of Goods Bill was read a third time and
passed. _ • _ _

The Collectors of Customs (Ireland). Bill was reported ;
ordered to • be read a third time to-morrow.
The Acetous Acid and Draining Tiles Bill was reported.—
Ordered to be read a third time on Saturday.
Mr. COURTENAY laid certain Papers on the table, pur-
suant to an order of the House, relative to the practice of burn-
ing Widows in India.
The Mohair Bounties Bill was read a third time and passed;
as was also the Sugar Spirit Duties Bill.
The Hops Exportation Drawback Bill was reported.—Or-
tiered to be read a third time to-morrow.
The Greenwich Hospital Bill was read a third time and
passed.

The East India Private Trade Bill was reported.—Ordered
to be read a third time to-morrow.

Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Secretary for Ireland,
brought up an Account of the particulars of Payments made to
the Editors of the " Dublin Gazette," for publishing Procla-
mations.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved for
leave to bring in a Bill to amend the Act 57 (leo. 3, cap. 84, for
issuing Exchequer Bills for Public Words. He stated that
the Bill only went to extend the power by which the Commis-
sioners were already enabled to postpone the time for paying
advances upon personal security, to advances on real security..--,
Leave given.
The Packet Vessels Licences Bill was committed, the Report
received, and ordered to be taken into further consideration on
111 on day.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought in
his Bill to amend the Act of 57 Geo. 3, cap. 84, wt►ich was
read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time to-
morrow.

Mr. BLAIR moved for a series of Accounts relative to the
quantity of spirits distilled in Great Britain and Ireland, for
home consumption and exportation; between the sth of No.
vember, 1820, and sth of November, 1821; also for Returns of
the Amount of Duties paid on Slates and Stone, in Great Bri-
tain, carried coastwise for the last five years, distinguishing
each.—Ordered.

Lord MILTON presented a petition from Occupiers of Land
in the county of the town of Hull, against, as was understood,
:he arbitrary imposition of rates by the Corporation.—Ordered
to be printed.- _ _ _

Mr: Serjeant ONSLOW moved, that a Message be sent to
the House of Lords, requesting a Copy of the Report of their
Lordships' Committee appointed to examine the Journals for
Precedents, touching the summoning of a I'ecr of the Realm.—
Ordered.

Mr. GRENFELL asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer
whether, as to the course of proceeding, the Report of the Com-
mittee of Supply on the Duke of Clarence's Annuity Bill was to
come on first, and also whether it was true which lie had heard,
namely, that it was not the intention of the Right Ilonourable
Gentleman to propose the Grant of £20,000 to General Des-
forneaux ?

The CHANCELLOR cf the EXCHEQLTER said, that in
the regular course, the Report would take precedence of the
other Orders of the Day, and.as to the other point, he could
only say that the Giant to General Desforneaux was founded
on the Report of a Committee acting as referee in this matter
between the Government and him, and he felt himself bound
to support the measure as founded on that Report, without
pledging himself to any personal opinion.
Mr. CREEVEY said, supposing the motions came on in
their regular order, was he to underltand that the Report of
the Committee of Supply would precede the Duke of Clarence's
Bill?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER answered in
the affirthative, and so the conversation dropped:
Mr. DENMAN presented a Petition from John Edwards,
relative to the wreck of the Royal George, praying that his case
might be-investigated, and relief afforded.—Ordered to lie on
the Table.

The Metropolis Water Supply Bill was read a second time,
and ordered to be committed on Monday.
Mr. R. MARTIN withdrew his Notice of Motion for a
Bill relative to the Punishment for Forgery, on account of the
lateness of the Session, and his understanding that the Bill did
not meet the general sense of the House.
NEGRO APPRENTICES.

Mr. WlLBEnvoncE rose to call the attention of
the House to the condition of such negroes as
had been found on board slaving ships. After
the passing of the Abolition Act, an Order in
Council had bee❑ issued, directing the Gover-
nors of our Colonies, where negroes rescued from
slavery by the capture of the vessels on board of
which they might be found should be landed, to
provide for their being apprenticed or taken into
the army or navy, as they might prefer. In pur-
suance of that order many such negroes had been
apprenticed, some for fourteen years, and some
for longer periods, and others had been taken
into the army and navy. The term of the ap-
prenticeship of many of the former had already
expired, and that of others would shortly expire,
and many of the latter had been discharged from
the service by the reduction of the navy and the
disbanding of the West India regiments. Many
of these 'were found on the expiration of their
service to be nearly as unable to provide for
