PRECAU lIONS

Which it will he proper to obse!ve thrallghaut the difnrent
Provinces of Spain, in the necessity to which they li34te
beeh driven by the French, of resisting the unjust and v;n...
lent possession which their Armies are endeavouring to take
of the Kingdom.

We cannot doubt A moment of the exertions
which. the united firovirices of Spain would make to
obstrua and defeat the malicious designs of the
French; and that they will sacrifice everi their livet
on this occasion, the most irriportant, and eten unpa-
ralleled in the history of • the nation, both in the
thing itself, and in the horrible means of ingratitude
and perfidy by which the French haVe undertaken,
pursued, and are still endeavouring to eirea °Ur
slavery _ _

1. Let the first obje& be to avoid all general ac-
tions; and to convince ourselves of the very great ha-
zards,. without any advantage, or even the hope of
it, to whiCh they would expose us. The reasons of
this resolution are many, and such as any one will,
discover who has the use of his understanding.
2. A war of partisans it the system which.saits
us ; the embarrassing and. wasting the Enemy's ar,-
mies by want of provisions, destroying bridges,
throwing up entrenchments in proper situations, and
other similar means. The situation of Spain, its
many mountains, and thepasses which they presenti
it, rivers and torrents, and even the CollOcation of its
Provinces, invite us to carry on this species of War=
fare successfully.
3. It is indispensible
,that each province should
have its General, of knon talent, ap.d of Sikh ex-
perience as our situation permits? that his heroic !bit-
alty should inspire the utmost confidence; atid that
every General should have under his command
pfficers of merit, particularly of artillery and en-
gineers.
4. As a combined Onion of plans -it the OW of
every well,-concerted enterpriie, and that which
alone can promise and facilitate a sasccssful issue,
it appears indispansible that there should be thee
Generalissimos, who should aft in Concert with each
other---,one who shook" cOinwand in the four king-
-40;1)3 of Andalusia, in Nlurcia and
_l,9wer E4tra-
rnidura—another in 9ailicia,- upper Estramadura,
Old and New Castile, and Leon-another in V.:.
Arragon, and Catalonia; a petsap ed the

P
i

.n .~
