,SPAIN.

Mantua. Nov. 28.--,The Gazette of this morning' pre-
e ,ts a satisfactory pleturc of the progress of the present
(;01ernrcent, and furnishes the best reply to the charges
(f incompetency, disser.sion, 4nd the want of public confi-
dence daily preferred .again‘t theca by their opponent;. I
may sta.c that the gcnciai rt•sult is, that the salaries of the
IT'nolc of the army and navy, at,a two-thirds of those of the
civil employer of the Crown, have been paid up the last
month, the iaco .mc, during this period, and expenses
amounting to about ninety millions of reals. This, it will
be observed, has been effected without clandestilia
ruinous contracts, while the principle of publicity thus
acted upon by the Regency cannot tail of being grateful
to thu people.
The celebration of the anniversary of the execution of
Riego took place to-day in the Plan de Cebada, amidst
a large concourse of spectators and of military pomp.
Ti Duke de la Victoria pronounced the following
words on the occasion:—

" the monument erected to the memory of those
ilium tons men who have sacrificed themselves to the li•
hefty and independence of their country afford an ex-
ample worthy of imitation to present and future gene.
rations, they furnish a no less worthy tribute of respect
tilote heroin individuals whose virtues give them a niche
sn the temple of immortality.
" Spain is the country which might boast a host of dis-
tingu,s;)ed men from the remotest antiquity, aad in our
ovn times we have many bright examples of martyrs, who
bravely preferred the scaffold to the ignominy of slavery.
With their blood they watered the tree of liberty, cncou-
ragia by their example their fellow-citizena to give it ad.
t!itional strength, and that their descendants of the noble
race of Pelayo might repose in happiness under its protect-
ing shade. To-day, Spaniards, it is cur duty to honour
the ashes of the immortal Kiego—of that hero who at Ca.
i) ass de San Juan ►aised the electric cry of liherty, but
who, fr m circumstances with which all are acquainted,
was made prisoner by the malice of despots, and in this
place, and on this day, suffered the terrible punishment of
martyrdom, along with several companions. Let us raise
our vuws to Heaven that he may enjny that place amongst
the just to which his virtues entitle him. Let us bend
the knee in testimony of respect to their ashes, and vow
before their altar to imitate their example—to prefer death
Zo ,lavery."
Five per Cents. Active. 25 13-16 cash to-day.

TILE WRECK OF THE BARK

WESTMINSTER.

It will be recollected that in the course of the list week
a paragrqh appeared anriouucing that the steamers Royal
William and Royal George had arrived in London from
I%largate, respectively laden with many hundred chests of
tea, being part of the cargo belonging to the said ship
Westminster, which struck on the sands off Margate, on
Sunday, the 22d ultimo.
The following particulars cf the wreck and providential
ma finer in which the passengers and crew were saved may
prove interesting to our readers :
The Westminster, commanded by Captain Mollison,
left Singapore some months ago, laden with upwards of
4,000 chests of tea. " After a somewhat tempestuous
passage," says one of the officers attached to the vessel,
in a letter dated the :![6th of November, " we were
enabled on Friday the 20th instant, to -see the Isle of
Wight, at a distance of twenty-one miles. Our ship was
teen impelled by a very pleasant breeze, which continued
until six o'clock the next morning, when the wind became
aldee.:disagly boisterous. A pilot then came on board
u'
.i.cretosok charge of the shin through the Downs, the wind
l.sing during the whole time, and between ten and
cheer, o'clock the same morning we came to an anchor in
Msrgate Roads, at a distance of two miles fromthe shore.
Tc whebearreomeser being very low and still Ipntiming to fall,
prepared for a heavy gale of wihd. Our ex', cc.
lotions were soon realised
"In the afternoon f • Saturday the wind became less
stormy, but
towards night(ud
tnagain freshened, and blew
very bard. At one a.m.
s."
morning), we retired to
r2sE, but expected to he called
every minute, and at
iciontshwuepevre, confirmed. It then
flea o'clock our worst suspicions
blew a perfect hurricane, and vessel was tossed about
came forwarnd
in a fearful manner. The pilot not aware of the
, ash,
Yea,'
exclaimed
danger which threatened us,
,te' She is all right yet, is she not?' was the
answer given by the boatswain, whose hour ',situ; as to
hold the watch. A few minutes afterward., we
sud-
denly roused by the boatswain, who called out in a loud
voice, • Pilot, pilot, she's adrift, she's adrift, and we are
running fast on a lee-!hors.' The carpenter was then
ordered to cut away the ruMmast, but some time had
elapsed before he succeeded in ding so. n
..,n the
instant the mast fell the ship gave a heavy lurch
and away it went, with a crash which made everything
snake in a most alarming mann, r. We fired minute guns
to bring boats to our assistance, but none came, and the
water h.as now washing over the vess, 1 with such force
that at times we could not see our hard: before us. At
daylight we hoisted our ensign union down, as a signal of
distress. A few minutea afterwards we saw a viaggon,
which contained a boat, on the lee shore. This cheered
_U! ailY Tut:
-. boat wa-s launched to the water, and the
I".r fellows in it pulled with all their might for half an
I'llu*, but could not get ahead. We then lowered our own
boat, and .
whole
of the
hetae risk of our lives succeeded in landing the
cold and ~crew. who arrived sdfo on shore, but miser-
ablywe had not beenetd However this we thought little of, as
We were taken to dry
since we left the Western Islands.
anihnn at Margate, whore we obtained
T
some refreshment.
next day. we went down to the
ship, and found she had lii feet of water in her hold. A
steamer came alongside in the course of the morning, and
we discharged about -4,000 h chests of tea in a dry state. All
to
the s', was damaged.
They
I am much
now striving hard to get
e e vessel off the sands, much afraid they will not
ItlCC,;ed."
