THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE _O'CLOCK.
Our only arrival this morning is the French mail. We have no
ship letters.

THE FUNDS.

The City alarmists were disappointed yesterday ; no failures of
any consequence took place in the commercial community, and a
great number of small bills which became due on Saturday last were
taken up in the course of yesterday; and it is now generally ex-
pected that commercial affairs will resume their former confidence,
and that money will become more plentiful.
Yesterday morning the quarterly sale of teas by the East India
Company commenced. About four millions of pounds weight were
announced for sale. The attendance on the part of the trade was
rather numerous. For inferior trade teas the demand was not
brisk.

Our arrivals this morning are of a very meagre description : only
a French mail with the usual express from Paris The Bayonne
Telegraph is of the dat eof the 3d inst. and at that time no combined
attack had taken place. A great deal of snow had fallen in the
north of Spain, which no doubt impeded the movements of the
Queen's troops.

Consols closed at 90 for the Account,* per cent. under the open-
ing price ; and opened this morning at 90 to * for the Account,
89/ money ; in both the markets there is a stagnation in bust-
loess. Exchequer Bills, 26, 28 prem. ; India Bonds, 23, 25 ; Bank
Stock shut.

In the Foreign Market, scarce a bargain doing to the present
time. Spanish Active Bonds closed at 24L, may be quoted at pre.
sent 241, 25 ; Portuguese, 44 a ; Three per Cents, 31i 32;
Dutch Two-and-a-half per Cents 521, 53b ; Columbia, 25 ; Spa•
nish, Passive, 61- 7 ; Deferred, 10i i.
Letters have been received from the head quarters of Don ear.
los, stating that they were in high spirits, and did not fear the corn.
bined attacks of the Queen's troops.
HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK.

The private letters from Madrid this morning state that M.
Mendizabal will be able to pay the next dividend.
All is very tranquil in the city respecting commercial affairs.
We do not hear of a single report.
Consols, which were in the morning 90 for the Account, have
since improved to 90A *, at present 90/ ; for Money, 89% ; Ex-
chequer Bills, 28 26 prem. ; India Bonds, 23 25 ; Bank Stock shut.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Active, which was in the
course of the morning 243%, may be quoted at 25 25% ; Passive,
71 7i ; Deferred, 103/ 11 ; Portuguese, 483/ 49 ; 3 per Cents.,
31% ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half, 53%; Colombian, 241.
THREE O' CLOCK.
Consols for the' Account 90 to 901.

THE DIVORCED.—This new novel, from the pen
of Lady Charlotte Bury, is attracting great attention. It is
based on a subject which needed to be treated as Lady Char-
lotte Bury has treated it. Other writers have painted the fall
—she has painted the fallen 1

ST. JAMES'S THEATRE.—Last night, after Au-
ber's opera of Fra Diavolo, in which Brahma was in excel-
lent voice, a new and exceedingly pleasant piece, in one act,
was produced, called Is she his Wife? or, Something Singu-
lar. Harley's animation and bustle were most effective, and
Dave great prominence to his character. Forrester and Gard-
ner also afforded efficient support to their respective parts ;
nor were the efforts of Miss Allison and Madame Sala less
successful and less deserving of commendation.

ADELPHI THEATRE.—Last night a new piece,
called the Gamester Father, was produced at this house. It
is French, and intended to exemplify the effects of the fatal
vice which, although not less disgracefully prevalent amongst
ourselves, is a more public scandal amongst our neighbours.
The incidents have been put together with the usual French
tact and sense of striking effect, and it acts very powerfully
and touchingly. Yates, Mrs. Yates, and Hemming, on whom
its chief difficulties rest, perform their parts with great spirit,
and the whole piece goes off with perfect success. It was re-
ceived in the most favourable manner.

A destructive fire took place on Friday last, in the
old mill of R. W. Eccles, Esq. The total loss is estimated,
upon a rough calculation, at between 3,0001. and 4,0001. No
cause whatever can be assigned fur the origin of the fire. The
property was insured (but we do not know to what amount) in
the Royal Exchange Assurance Office. The building was
the property of J. F. Hodson, Esq:, and the machinery, cot-
ton, Sm. belonged to W. R. Eccles, Esq.—Wigan Gazette.
Mrs. Martyn (late Miss Inverarity), with her hus-
band, is singing at the Bath Theatre.
Sheridan Knowles is again putting his pen to paper
with melodramatic effect. He is engaged upon a melodrama,
which, we are told, is to be performed as soon as it can be got
ready at Covent Garden. _

Between the hours of 9 and 10 o'clock on Sunday
night a young woman, named Elizabeth Jempson, between 20
and 21 years of age, who was on a visit to some friends in
Pilot-street, Deptford, was sitting before the fire brushing her
hair, when a blazing coal flew out of the grate and set light to
her clothes, and in a few seconds she was entirely enveloped in
flames. In this dreadful situation she ran out into the street,
and some minutes elapsed before she could be divested of her
burning apparel. She was burnt in a most dreadful manner,
and was conveyed as quickly as possible to Guy's Hospital,
where she lingered in extreme agony until yesterday morning,
when she expired. An inquest will be held on the body to-day.
Fair Rosamond has been already played to three
of the best houses of the season. The petition respecting its
suspension last Friday will be presented this evening by Mr.
Duncombe.

The Earl and Countess of Munster and family have
arrived at Belle Vue House, Brighton, from a visit to her
Ladyship's father, the venerable Eall of Egremont, at Pet-
worth. The venerable Earl is somewhat improved in health.

ROLLS' COURT.--(THIS DAY.)

CARTER V. LONDON DOCK COMPANY.

This case was ordered to stand over until the Court of King's
Bench had come to a decision upon the proceedings instituted at law

CRIMINAL COURT-(THIS DAY.)

OLD CO U R T.
(Concluded from The Sun of yesterday.)

The prisoners, Margaret Newman, and Julia St. Clair
Newman, were again indicted for stealing a diamond ring, the
property of a lady, named Hunter.
The circumstances of this case were somewhat similar to
those of the last, but the evidence was more conclusive against
them.

The Jury returned a verdict of Guilty.
They were again indicted for stealing some decanters and
other articles, the property of a female named Dobbs, in whose
house they resided. They were convicted.
The prisoners were then called up for judgment, and the
Recorder sentenced them to seven years' transportation upon
each indictment.

Whether the convicts or their friends are apprised of the ex-
tent and effects of this judgment is riot known, but for the in-
formation of those who commit duplicate and quadruple felo-
nies, be it known that at the antipodes there is a vast distinc-
tion between fourteen years and twice seven years—the differ-
ence is as follows :—As the law now stands, a convict tranS-
ported for fourteen years on a simple felony may, after six years
of patient endurance, obtain a ticket of leave, a term which im-
plies, that if good conduct continues, the rigour of slavery has
terminated ; persons convicted of compound, or two distinct
felonies, have to serve the first seven years as menials, and
thence to commence de novo, and remain for four years more
in the same state of degradation, before the Governor of the
Colony (without special order) has power to grant any commu-
tation or indulgence, except in the case of illness.
Henry Nottaye, a young man, of decent appearance, was in-
dicted for feloniously intermarrying with Charlotte Jane Thomas,
his former wife being then alive.
It appeared in evidence that in the year 1833 the prisoner bad
married his first wife at St. Thomas's Church, Southwark, and
that having lived with her for some time, he left her : and becoming
acquainted with Charlotte Jane Thomas, the ceremony of marriage
was performed between them at St. Thomas's Church, Bassishaw,
in the course of the year 1836. With the second female he con-
tinuad to cohabit a short time, and then went back to reside with
the first.

Mr. JERNINCIIAIf, who defended the prisoner, said the second
marriage was contracted by him in conseqnence of the ungovernable
temper of his first wife.
The Jury found a verdict of Guilty, and the RECORDER sen-
tenced the prisoner to two years' imprisonment and hard labour in
the House of Correction
