//

(

r

BOUTIIWARIC ELECTION, Alm 5, HMO.
&ITER the FINAL CLOSE of the
44116- POLL THIS DAY, it was moved by Lieutenant-
keral Sir ROBERT THOMAS WILSON, M.P., and
teunded by JOHN RAWLINSON HARRIS, Esq. ALP,
ad carried by acclamation,
Ttrat the Thanks of the Electors are due to JOHN
lOLMES, Esii, High Bailiff of the Town and Borough
f Southwark, for his impartial conduct sn•l faithful and
one nal discharge of the duties of his high office during
he Election, and for the urbanity and kindness he his
'pot every °session manifested to the Electors, and to the
ratters returned to represent them iu Patliam.nt.

i 0 THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDEN C ELEC-
TORS OF THE BOROUGH OF SOUTHWARK.

GINTLIMIC2f,
THIS day a triumphant majority of your
free unbiassed suffrages have given me the honour
if a seat in the Commons House, fur this independent and
tacient Borough. 1 have re.t worth to express the feel.
lags of gratitude--of exultation—that CI my bosom, for
dsia distinguished honour, conferred upon me in a manner
it once so enthusiastic and so chttractetistic of your free.
lom and independence.
Gentlemen, I go to the House Of Commons unfettered
by connexion with say patty—l enter it espousing no
rartion ; and above the reach of influence, it will be my
itudy faithfully to perform my duty to my King, my
estuary, and to you.
In me you shall ever find a zealous defender of your
liappy Constitution; a supporter of civil liberty and equal
laws--a friend to constitutional rational reform—an enemy
Lo slavery—an advocate of commercial interest—and a
staunch friend of economy.
As it has been the object of my ambition to obtain this
distinguished station, it shall be that of my life :o merit
the unbounded confidence reposed in toe.
Resident amongst you, and acquainted with your local
rights and privileges, these I shall ever maintain—con-
',taint with your commerce and manufacture, I shall
devote my efforts to promote these sources of national
prtiperity.
Gentlemen, permit Ins to congratulate the Borough of
mlitaliatark na the glorious result -of this boaaurable con-
test—commenced with enthusiasm, and maintained with
Naparallele I energy—and throughout the contest, good
temper and feelings prevailed, most creditable to the
Bo.rough. Again accept sly heartfelt thanks and con-
gratulations.

I have the honour to remain, Gentlemen,
Your devoted Lithful Servant.
J. R. HARRIS.
Winched T-place, Southwark, Aug. 5, 1830.

No. I 1,82.5.

TO THE GENTLEMEN, CLERGY, AND FREE-
HOLDERS OF THE COUNTY OF YORK.

TO THE WORTHY AND INDEPENDENT FREE-
MEN OF THE CITY OF CANTERBURY.
catert.gamsr,
I Have this day been raised to the high Si.
Nation of your Representative in Parliament by a
Majority • of a larger Number of Freemen than ever be-
fu.te appeared to give their Votes at an Election for this
City any attempt to describe my feelings of gratitude for
your kind and successful exertions in my behalf would be
t'sin effort. Gentlemen, I trust that I need not repeat
the assurance, that j win steadily adhere those princi-
ples of which you have this day so decidedly and tri-
umphantly signified your approbation. I go to Parlia-
ment Unfettered by connection with any party, or by at •
tochment to any particular leader, and deeply impressed
with the responsibility and importance of the sacred trust
which you have confided to my charge. Gentlemen, it
*a with the highest gratification that I observed the ab-
"to of all virulent animosity throughout this contest. I
trust that this feeling, so honourable to ourselves, may
long eontinue, and that any division of }
political senti•
Mont may nos be carried into the recesses of private life.
Ishall consider it my first duty to make myself ac-
tpuinted with all your local concerns ; and I earnestly
entreat, not only those friends who honoured me with
their suffrages, but all who, from conscientious motives,
itanem them, to give me their support and assistance in
efurtheranee of this anxious wish of my heart. With
the warmest feelings of gratitude, respect, and attach-
ment, I beg to subscribe myself, Gentlemen, .
Your obedient and faithful Servant,
RICHARD WATSON.

July 31, Eight o'Clock,

o.
tho GENTLEMEN, CLERGY, and YEOMANRY,
rREEHOLDERS of the COUNTY of DEVON.

GINTLISLIEN,
ON the claim of some successful endeavours
to be useful to my Country, which justifies my
hope that in Parliament my services might net be &rifled
with those of the corrupt and the idle, I respectfully offer
myself as a Candidite for the County of York.
I (Reclaim any indirect method to acquire the high
honour to which I aspire, and consistently with my De-
claration in 1819, to the Freeholders in the North-Riding,
and to the Firemen of York, and at the last Election to
those of Pontefract, resisting every temptation " To Cor-
rupt the Morals of any Population by Bribery," I will not
ieviate in the sligletest degree front Purity of Election.
In my attempt to restore to this large County the first
principles of tie Constitution, the example, if I am only
moderately supported, ma) hereafter he followed by abler
and more influential men ; but success, if obtained, will
not he more s.itisractory to myself than it will be honour-
able to those El, ctors who, bringing themselves to the Poll
at their own expense, will dignify their County, however
imperfect the twrviees of the Individual so independently
chosen as a Representative of the People.
My Principles are well known, from the part I have
taken in public affairs during the twenty years 1 have re-
sided in Yorkshire, and I shall be ready more particularly
to explain them, whenever and wherever I am called upon.
I have the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Yotr obedient pervimL
MARTIN STAPYLTON.
Mytoa flail, Yorkshire, July 9, 1850.

THE ROYAL UNION PENSION FUND, FOR THE
RELIEF OF AGED PERSONS.
Patron—The KING.
►j~H E object or this Fund is to Support Indi-
1. viduall of both Sexes, who, having moved in a
superior Rank of Life, have become reduced in their Old
Age. Ninety Persons have already been provided for, but
hundreds of Applicants press forward with strong Claims
to Relief.
The Committee, therefore, urge the wealthy Classes in
every part of the Kingdom to co-operate in this National
Undertaking, and respectfully solicit their Donations and
Subscriptions, either through their Bankers, or direct at
the Office, 5, Lancaster-place, Strand, London.

rHE beautiful ORIENTAL GAME of
PAUNCIIEE, or TWENTY-FIVE, is much su-
perior to Drafts, and equals Chess. The Boards have a
Backgammon Table inside.
Sold by Mr. J. ROBINSON, No. 2, Catherine•s,treet,
Strand ; and in most of the principal Towns in the United
Kingdom. , Names of Agents stated in the Book of In-
structions. An allowance to Captains, &c., trading w
the Colonies. A good speculation for the Cape and Van
Diemen's Island.
N.B. For the future, all communications (post paid)
to be made to Mr. J. Robinson, Successor to Mr. T.
Clarke, Exeter 'Change, as the principal Agent and sole
Manufacturer of the Patinchee Boards for the Proprietor.

411INTLIM4X1
ASit now appears certain that the ensuing
it
for this County is not to be decided without
tsatrulglles I will no longer delay acquaiiising you on what
ratiPirie+ and in what manner alone, can take part in
we competition.
Permit me to bring hack to your recollection the posi-
tron Representative, after
in
Whlch w"
replaced as
your year 1820. With a
eaten interval of retirement, in the
meet indulgent and flattering partiality,. for
full
I can
never cease to he most grateful, but with afu knowledge
t)? my principles and qualifications, inadequate as these last
Might he, you recalled me from thnefoicciuhpations and enjoy-
honour, hut one
%ems of private life, to a station
40 of much labour, anxiety, and responsibility.g It was
then distinctly expressed and understood, that toi_
spublicl,ic
other mode of a, (Ire ir g
Candllet alone, and not to any
myself to your favour, I must look thenceforward for the
eentinuance of your approbation. I have done my best to
secure that
approbation by a diligent and independent per-
formance of my duty in Parliament, and if I have not
I have a right to
I"atly failed in the attempt,
I think
milled call I was
I
every individual,
titgtil to the Poll of that day, that twhahr heere will not desert me
in the conflict of this—that he will not, for want of re-
newed canvass and solicitation, then disclaimed,
, nor on ac-
count of any honest opinion then (1, withdraw
kern plsinlY av°:`.tinself
me now the estimable confidence by lia
rsepoatintace-
n"altly tendered, and accepted by tne with implicit 11
On its atability.
make no other
In this respect, then, Gentlemen, I can
141'4440n fur the approaching
It my duty to
contest, an a fearless
;1144 reference to my general public conduct.is
to take the
that conduct to your joilgment'.4l Your de-
alt sense of the County upon its propriety.
titian given on such grounds, will, I am assured, be just ;
but that decision must rest with yourselves.
To another point I must also request your particular.aitl:
lenlinn-4 do not intend to subject myself again to an "
limited, and, as lam convinced, in great part unnecessary
dre
tf,"Ptr,ndilure• It would be indeed a great service re e iln
- fount re.
representation, to introduce tome check tio a
evil which has too long existed ; and, when I remim you
that the approaching contest will be the sixth in this
I
—4141 Y within the last 18 years, sad the fifth in which shlll hare to bear a part--that. I have hitherto spared
neither personal ex ence nor exyouoertin, solely to m3intain
the peat you had asPsigned me— will, lam sure, agree
Iv'th me that it is impossible, with reference either to
P4rjult iu Wefts or my own, that I should suffer myself
atl4Y
tempt to be involved in as wasteful and ruinous a
ileim• believe toe, I have already sufficiently exceeded
te,,,-e:aueds of prudence in this matter; I shall therefore
—11"0* myself strictly to the payment of such charges as
aria Withi4 the limits prescribed by law.
clr ecl
Although, for the reasonsbefore stated, I cannot presume
Alley et tnsent to canvass your votes, I still think it my duty to
:rice of hedisposal of my supporters the valuable and efficient
an intelligent body of professional agents, and also
serrere adequate means of conveyance, upon a regular sys:
4.." for
such voters as may require it. Without these ar
nternents, al we all know too well by experience, neither
"'ld the ettitiments of the Freeholders be effectually col-
s credo
expres-
s nor any certain facilities afforded for giving to those sentiments at the Poll. I could on no account
eliffer these and similar expencee of inanageintrat to be a
Itntrltetbuitous bu.rthe,n upon others, or to be left to the effect
.. "et at the time. But that other class of expenditure,
well hoolve in the history of electioneering warfare—
neither s • 'tuna Moped by the law, nor capable of effectual cop-
ei u'hanm• free from objections of a more serious kind—the
uZi:manotts of the pretest contest do not require,
I henequirocally and entirely decline.
l a" the now toassure thatand I
I°ll with , you, I have no c.o.n.anteeca:
.theu,h I now
of either of the other Canton
tegt,l deneertein for each sentiments of the most sincere
(m 4 01711 esta,ern• You must allow any cause to rest not
of o._ combination with any party, but on the surer groom*
‘„,6" judgment deliberately given, and approbation fairly
11, of el. f
.. , Co
. 1 nenUlt and constituents throughout as
un.y it barge.
the
leslllet"lielnen, I propose to bring these principles to . .
th,, , "el aPproaching Election, and shall readtly abide
.1413144115 of the experiment.
If you should be pleased to
to tri,"l and unction them, I can hare no apprehension as
,itiht"• result ; but if I have erred in my estimate of their
thsmteTts„ tu this great and independent County, I shall
kiltuolY yield to it necessity which I can use no other
' t4-11tetti Well satisfied that, in the couistt I ant now
ptez%l hest discharge a great public duty, and most
stiZnlY uphold the character of that distinguished
"7:14 WhiCh your confidence has placed me.
I are the honour to be, Gentlemen,
Your very faithful friend and obliged servant,
THOS, DYKE ACLAND.

LONDON, FRIDAY EV

GENERAL ELECTION.

SURREY, THU KSDAY.
In the early part of Thursday morning Sir W.
Jolliffe, the High Sheriff, entered the town, and in
order to secure the advantages of a good situation,
the representatives of the various London papers
addressed themselves to him through the interft-
rence of Mr. Denison, and at once received the
most polite attention, and his directions in their fa-
vour were readily and effectually complied with by
Mr. Abbott, the Under Sheriff. We were permitted
to enter the Hall before the doors were opened to
the public, and were placed in the box usually oc-
cupied by the Jury, into which, within a few mi-
nutes afterwards, a number of lovely and elegant
ladies were introduced. At a quarter past ten, Sir
W. Jolliffe,accomianied by the candidates and their
friends, entered the Hall, and the doors were then
thrown open to the public. The rush was violent
but momentary, for the upper part of the Coto
was at once filled, and the number of the curious
was not sufficient to occupy the whole of the Hall.
Among the gentlemen present, were Messrs. C.
Patimer, Holme Sumner, Drummond, Crawfurd,
Culvert, C. Barclay, Maberly.
The Court was then opened—the writ and pro-
clamation read--ethre oath was taken by the Sheriff,
j and the Act against bribery and corruption was gone
through. After these accustomed formalities had
I been disposed of,
Mr. LEACH rose to address the freeholders. He
had the honour once more to address them in favour
of his old and respected friend, Mr. Denison—
(Cheers)—who had served them so long in Parlia-
ment that it was unnecessary for him to say more
than a very few words in that gentleman's favour,
as the part he had always taken shewed him to be a
man of independence, of sound and honourable
principle —(Applause.) He was thankful to Mr.
Denison for the part he had always taken in Parlia-
ment—for the consistent support he had always
given to Parliamentary Reform—for the opposition
he had always shown to the lavish expenditure of
the Government.--(Applause.) The Hon. Gentle-
man would tell them this day what his opinions were
with respect to Parliamentary Reforn. It was to
be hoped the day would not be far distant when
they should meet again, and under auspices very
different from those under which they now were
assembled, and that they would have frequent op-
portunities of sending to Parliament men that
would, and that must obey the wishes of the people.
es-(Cheers.) He begged to propose Mr. Denison
as a fit and proper person to represent them in Par-
liament.—(Cheers.)
Mr. LADBROKE briefly seconded the nomination
amidst much cheering.
Sir R. FREDERIC should have, as he had on
Thursday at Epsom, the honour of nominating his
gallant friend Colonel Jolliffe, to be one of the re-
presentatives of the county. He knew his Hon.
and Gallant Friend was an honourable, an indepen-
dent, an honest, and intelligible man, and in every
way fit to promote their interests and the interests
of the country.—(Hear.)—His cry was, " King
and country," u cry that had protected the country,
and would make them a happy and great nation,
if happy they would be. His cry was, " King and
country," and he hoped theirs would be " Jolliffe
for ever."—(Applause, mixed with disapprobation.)
Mr. C. BARCLAY was satisfied that the gentleman
whose nomination he had now the honour to second,
was known to the county, and esteemed by the
freeholders. At Epsont he had stated that he
should support the nomination of his Hon. Friend,
and he had said so because he did feel that it iwas
necessary for the best interests of the country that
the Administration of the Duke of Wellington
should be supported.—(Applause.)—Colonel Jolliffe
would afford all freeholders the means of coming to
the poll; and from the success the Colonel had
enjoyed in his canvassing, there could be no doubt
that he would be returned their representative.
This was his opinion, and he had no doubt that in
the course of two or three days they would confirm
that opinion, by the great majority of their votes.--
(Applause.)
Mr. HENRY DRUMMOND next proceeded to ad-
dress the Court, and was received with the most en.
thusiaric cheering. He had been charged by an
Hon. Gentleman, who had just spoken, with being
an old mananivrer. He was no old manceuvrar. He
never assisted in any contest for the representation
of that county, except when he had the honour of
filling the place now so worthily occupied by Sir
Wm. Jolliffe. He was no manceuvrer, but he had
some common sense. lie did know dist, as an
in-
dependent freeholder of the county of Surrey, the
line that it became him to take, and he showed at
Epsom his sentiments upon that subject, in a man-
ner which he trusted his brother freeholders could
no: misunderstand. The ground which he proposed
to occupy this day would be precisely that which
he did occupy at Epsom. He told them then, as
he would tell them now, that the duty they had to
perform—the simple subject for their consideration
—was the competency of the candidates presented
to become the advocates of their affairs—the de-
positaries of their interests and those of the public
generally. He confessed, that in the ordinary inter.
course of life he could not help suspecting the
sincerity of a man who offered to do any quantity
of hard labour for nothing. Sir James Macintosh,
when he offered to defend Peltier without remune-
ration, was naturally enough obnoxious to that spe-
cies ofsuspicion—at least some might think he had an
ulterior object in thus agreeing to do that without fee
for which other men would expect large and liberal re-
wards. Ile appealed to their own feelings and ex-
perience, whether in any case they had found emi-
nent Counsel in that Court-house disposed to be-
come the advocates of any litigants without that foe
which they were accustomed to receive? The
ground which lie took up at Epsom was just this—
was or was not Mr. Briscoe a fit and proper person
to represent the county of Surrey ; and who else
besides him was likely to prove an efficient repre-
sentative for the county ? Ile would not propose
Mr. Briscoe, nd he gave his reasons for not doing
so. Now diere was a point to which he wished to
direct their special attention—they heard much talk
on all sides of the necessity of reform in Parliament.
This might be all very fine and very attractive; but
" old birds were not to be caught with chaff" Was
not that what every newspaper said ? Were not
almost all journalists the advocates of parliamentary
reform ; but when they came to elect a Member of
Pialiament they were called upon to inquire minutely
into his fitness to discharge the duties of that high
and responsible station, which the representative of
such a county as Surrey held. It was incumbent
upon the electors of counties and of towns to inquire
scrupulously before they give votes, and not allow
themselves to be carried away by words, but to in-
quire into the meaning of those words, and why the
persons proposed meant to support this or that mea-
sure in Parliament, for things were goad or bad just
according to the " why" what was behind theta. In
that place candidates might say they would vote for
a repeal of the Malt Tax, thinking, perhaps,
that, by doing so, they were conciliating the
good wishes of the farmers ; and he confessed that
the repeal of the Malt Tax would be extremely
agreeable to him, seeing that lie drank beer and no
wine. But the Members who said that they would
vote for a repeal of the Malt Tax, would have in
Parliament to encounter the Stockholders, who, to
be sure, would not object to the repeal of the Malt
Tax, if the supporters of that repeal could point out,

This day were published, io A vols. small Bvo., with
Portrait,

fANDOM kECORDS
By GEORGE COLNIAN the YOUNGER._

Among the numerous distinguished persons that figure
in this work are—George llL—the late Duke of York—
Lord Nurth—Marquis of Wellesley—Duchess of King-
ston—Lord Erskine—William Pulteney, Earl of Bath—
Sir Joseph Banks—lt. B. Sheridan—Jekyll—Dr. John-
son—Gibbon—Dr. Goldsmith—Boswell—Caleb White-
foord—Drs. Bushy, Vincent, &c.—Garrick, Foote, Powell,
Henderson, Miss Farren, John Feltner.
44 The most amusing, if not the best specimen of Dee-
;natio Me►t+oirs hitherto offered to the public."•—Court
Journal.
Colburn and Bentley, New Burlington street.

8, New f3urlingtun•etreet.
The following 'Works will be published in the course of a
few days by Messrs. COLBURN and BENTLEY.
MOTHERS AND DAUGHTERS.
A Tale of the Year 1830. 3 vole.
The TURF. A Satirical Novel. 2 vole. _ .

RUSSELL • or the Reign of Fashion. By the Au.
thor of " A Winter in London," " Splendid Misery," to,
3 vols.

TRAVELS in GREECE and ALBANIA. By the
Rev. T. S. HUGHES, MD. of Emmanuel College, Cam-
bridge. Second Edition, iu 2 vols. tiro. with ronsi-
derahls additions and improvements, with 33 illustrations,
NARRATIVE of a JOURNEY OVER LAND to
INDIA. By Mrs. Colonel ELWOOD. In 2 vols. Svo.
with Platea.

TRAVELS to the SEAT of WAR in the EAST
through RUSSIA and the CRIMEA, in 1829, with
Sketches of the Imperial Fleet and Army, characteristic
anecdotes, &c. By Capt. JAMES EDWARD ALEX-
ANDER, K.L.S., 16th Lancers, ALR.A.S. &c. In
2 vols. pest bro. with Map and Plates.
MAXWELL. A Story of the Middle Ranks. By
the Author of " Sayings and Doings." 3 vols.
The HEIRESS of BRUGES. A Tile by T. C.
GRATTAN, Esq., Author of " High-Ways and By-
Ways," " Traits of Travel," &c. 4 yak.
FUSELI'S SIX NEW LECTURES on PAINTING,
delivered at the Royal Academy. Printed uniformly with
the First Series, price 21e.
The SEPARATION, a Novel. By the Authoress of
" Flirtation." 3 vole.
WEDDED LIFE in the UPPER RANKS. A No-
vel. 2 vale.
FRESCATI'S, or Scenes in Paris. 3 vols.
STORIES of AMERICAN LIFE. By American
Writers. Edited by MARY RUSSEL AHTFORD.

*.

3 vols.
RETROSPECTIONS of the STAGE. By the late Mr.
JOHN BERNARD, Manager of the American Theatres,
and formerly Secretary to the 13eef-Steak Club. Edited
by his Son, W. BAILE BERNARD. 2 vols. post STe.

climbs, July ea, limo.

_...., •;•,.
e 9 -,- .
t„—
.., _.
/ .•1111te..'. /1.-.....n'
/i,,,
.. , ~.... '4.
:„..101............ ,
.
•
~41..... Z
4,,,,, . •
4,1,•At„?.4 :K.
."5.,,,,, AlltiltVil,, ~,,
.1 •.. - f ' ,--.:;;FN ...-v -.., - --.. -------;:ip,,.e.
" -)„,-,A, • s- -, . - ~,,,,-..;-,,_
,_
~ :,;;;r: ~49,. , „:•,
... .....„.;,_,.,
7 ' ' '''.:•*‘... s. - ' .4* lit -,..•••....,., -,•,. I . -....,,, ..,
...,....
i.v.,, •-43,i;
-,,•
. -- t- • : .
,•tt. •
.., fru , +..-(4i : o a - ~-4,-,' = ' '%,..AP,, t '1-
\- : ,
',-' '" . ‘'rti,ji-c,001;:5-Af`
411,5,
0,
-
4' . • -A. 1,-,
-,. ' -. .. i.i;. 44tiii[ 2, j.li;[
.laob, 13/t
1 it

NING, AUGUST 6, 1830.

to them any way in which their eight millions could
be supplied for the payment of their interest, which
that. Malt Tax supplied. Then there were those
who talked of Parliamentary Reform and of re-
trenchment and economy, without even explaining
how those objects were to be effected. It was the
grostot dclusion—(Cries of No, no, no)—to make
professions of that nature, without making apparent
the means by which those professions could be
realized. It was a gross imposture to promise those •
!hinge, without the apposite explanations of the
means by which they were to be accomplished ; for,
indisputably, the stockholder had as much right to
these eight millions, ni any elector of that county
had to his freehold. There was one way in which
the repeal of the ►ax might be effected—it was by
increasing the value of our trade—it was by ex-
' loading the right of trading to all classes, and put-
tirm-an end to monopolies ; but when candidates
talked of economy and retrenchment, without ex-
planation, they indulged in language mischievous in
the h►ghtst degree ; they were essentially preaching
radicalism; they were exciting hope which could
not be gratified ; and stimulating anxieties which
could not be appeased. The same quackery

with respect to Parhmentary Reform. Every
Agentleßsin had his own little scheme, and the
'Hontintlble Seconder of Colonel Jollitfe had

hit. He would -support the extension of the
elective franchise to all great towns; somebody else
had a different proposition; and so the variety of
plans would proceed indefinitely. He was far from
finding fault with Hon. Gentlemen for stating their
plans of Reform, what he found fault with was their
not being distinct mid definite on those points.
What he, were he a Member of Parliament, would
vote for, would embrace three objects; first, that all
votes should be taken in the hundreds; one effect

of that would be, that, on the present occasion, in
the county of Surrey, they would have had several
instead of the t-mall number of three candidates;

again, many members of old families, and persons
of worth and property in the county, were de-
terred from standing forward as candidates from the
immense expences attendant upon a contest—ex-
pences which seriously involve, if not utterly ruin,
men of very considerable property. Nothing could
be mere certain than that it would be for the
advantage of the constituency if the expences of
elections were considerably diminished. The next
point upon which he desired to see a change
effected was the giving the right of voting to copy-
holders—a copy hold of inheritance was entitled to
a vote as a freehold. The third change he should
recommend would be to shorten the duration of
Parliaments ; and he would tell them why. What
was the use of a House of Commons ? The
" Quarterly Review" a jouriad under the influence
of the Duke of Welliegton,, had well said that if
ever the time should arrive when the legislative
should become more corrupt than the executive, the
people would fly to a despotic government to shield
them from their own representatives. That was a
very just observation, and it was a fact beyond all
question or dispute, that the Government of
the Duke of Wellington was less corrupt than the
House of Commons. He would return to his ques-
tion—what was the use of the House of Commons ?
The King was necessarily ignorant of the sate end
condition of the people; the members of the Go-
vernment were not much less so; they could have
no practical personal acquaintance with the wants or
condition of the people ; they were surrounded with
place-hunters, who woud at any moment sacrifice
the interest of the people to their lust of profit and
emolument. As Lord Chatham had well observed,
they knew nothing of the situation of the people
unless inso far as the House of Commons might in-
form them of it. Unless the House of Commons
lie, therefore, world charge his brother freeholders
condition
toof t
thistle Gpeoovpeiret: nistenwt
aastrue altogetherpictt' r picture
ef et shse.
not to give their votes to their private friends, but
to those who they, in their consciences, believed
twoottliem. l
would honestly
would b
dischargetlyetie
thel political
privilegetrustolitisal
and theircoisfided
duty to examine the candidates ott all important
fttisluenydt
mightliat tbheeirpeidrfeeacstlyw were
crude if returned, would be
senti-
ments of the electors who sent them there, and
sicluriaer:lptetilthaleanattilodsfi:lictedihxfipressing in Parliament the senti-
therefore utterly unfit to advocate their cause. If
electors voted for their private friend, they sent
him to Parliament as their private, and not as
their
political capacity, they could have no right to cell
political friend, and when not sent in his
him to account for the manner in which he might
dispose of his votes. He was sent for private pur-
poses, e suellise 71=71 si
iesimaunitdl he
voteli had
Briscoe,to pursue
becausers't
t
he would well represent the people of Surrey. He
should vote for him, because ho thought that gentle-
tmhaeniipnoesgsreistysewd
heicfhthriettetdalhetistut,
taonbdeckotiTewoleitilegeo,f and
the
Representatives of a great station. He should at
this point have concluded the remarks he offered to
his brother freeholders, were it not for what fell from
Mr. Briscoe at a lute meeting, when that gentleman
stated that he (Mr. D.) had been solicited to be-
come a candidate for that county. That statement
was true, and he thought it necessary to advert to
it, as Iris passing it by in silence might naturally oc-
casion sotne surprise. His reason for declining the
proposed honour was, that, its iris conscience, he did
not think that he could do his duty, and he thought
that, in refusing the support proffered to him, he
had-best consulted the interests of the county end
his own. lie begged to add, that his support of
Mr. Briscoe did not arise from any partiality for
that gentleman, but proceeded ott strictly public
grounds.
Mr. HAUSE (as we understood) rose to second
the nomination of Mr. Briscoe. 'Though but an
humble freeholder, he gave his most cordial support
to the principles which Mr. Briscoe stood forward
to advocate, and upon which ground he trusted
that the people would step forward and strengthen
his hands.
Mr. DENISON rose to address the meeting amidst
much cheering. He had not solicited one friend
to attend that meeting, and therefore nothing could
have been more gratifying to him than the reception
which he met upon that occasion--certainly, his
nomination was not unanimous—one hand was held
up against him. He was perfectly sure that the
Hon. Gentleman by whom it was so held up pro-
ceeded upon political grounds alone.--(Near, bear,
M from r. H. Sumner.)—in return for that opposi-
tion he wished him health and happiness, and that
he might long enjoy the honour which the town of
Guildford fled conferred upon him.—(Applause.)—
Pur himself, he could not desire any thing more
gratifying than that if he lived to the honoured age
of Nestor, he might annually, quarterly, monthly-,
he put in nomination for the sake of enjoying the
proud satisfaction of enjoying that Hon. Gentle-
dalcghnanoceams°ln
aesufhbraoserrtiodi:olaygpfdalti
forward,
connected
11: ed:vgr'
rlieelet;gesist
ite).
yteedaoecTtf"arti(tlst
oeCel
hits.sttrtfh);B"elee)vsl—lfssiilapo rd'rell:lodel tilrslilhes:aetnb whicheefill
r'naaesgdsrt
e
e
intended to ask any man for his vote otherwise than
upon public grounds—he then expressed a determi-
nation never to coalesce with any man—he was re-
solved either to stand or fall by himself, and from
that hour to the present he had strictly abided by
that determination._( Here the Hon. Gr. tier!!
Went into a variety of details connected with en

PRICE 7D.

ciations that had been pending. between his Com-
mittee and that of Mr. Briscoe, respecting a divi-
*ion of the expences of the election, which were
once or twice referred to by subsequent speakers,
but which involved no political considerations what-
ever.)-7He denied all coalition with Mr. Briscoe,
neither had he fortned any coalition with Mr. Jot-
liffe. He again returned to the subject of the nego-
ciat ions between the two Committees, but was met
with cries of Question." lie then proceeded to
say, that he came there fairly to look the consti-
tuency of Surrey in the face—not one of whom
could say that he had betrayed any trust reposed in
• him—had left unredeemed any pledge he hail ever
_ . .

given—he had never broken faith with any [min—
im had never abandoned any principles which he
had once professed.—(Applause.)—le came for•
ward a• the Mend and advocate of economy and
retrenchment—of peace abroad, and of goodwill at
home. As to what had been said about crude ideas—

DatiataroND disclaimed any personal allusions.
Mr. DENISoir resumed—He begged to say that I
no irnprtant questions ever came before Parliament
which he did not attempt and endeavour to make
himself master of. In reply to what had fallen from
an Hou. Gentleman near him (Mr. Barclay), he
hoped that the next time that gentleman alluded to
any conduct of his (Mr, Denison'a.),,lo would mike
himself a little better acquainted with the frets.
He (Mr. Denison) did not vote for the Portuguese
war—he was not led away by the splendid eloquence
of Mr. Canning upon that memorable night, when
the question of the Portuguese was brought under
the consideration of the House of Commons. lie
WWI one of the few who voted against it ; and that
very evening, dining with a party of friends, he
got into a warm altercation upon the subject. He
set himself in opposition to the immense majority
of the House of Commons tvho voted for the war
upon that occasion. lie was one of the few persons
who said no against what he believed to be nearly
three-fourths of the House of Commons.—(Ap-
plause.)—As*econotny, he had a word or two to
say upon that point, and he would frankly tell what
he meant by economy. lie wished for a reduction
of taxation upon all that affected the productive in-
dusiry of the country ; he wished to see repealed
the taxes upon soap, candles, coals, house and win-.
dow tax. Ile wished to see all those repealed. Let
an honest Minister tell the greedy place-hunters by
whom every Government was surrounded, that the
time had gone by when their desires could be grati-
fied, and there would be a general and sweeping re-
duction of all salaries, where adequate duties were
not performed. Of course that recommendation
could only apply to the higher order of placemen,
not to the poor defenceless clerks, who laboured
hard, and were not inordnately paid. That was the
principle which he always had advocated, and always
should continue to advocate.

Mr. DRUMMOND—And upon that ground you
always had my vo►e.
Mr. DENISON, in continuation, defended himself

from the imputation of coining forward there wi
crude and undigested ideas. His wish was to pu
an end to rotten boroughs ; he did not wish to see
the county of Surrey disgraced by such places as
Blotchingly, Gatton, Reigate.--(A voice in the
crowd, " And Huslemcre.") The electors of that
great county returned two Members to serve in Par-
liament, and these rotten boroughs returned eight.
Was it right—was it proper—was it just ?—(Cries
of " No, no, no.") He wished to see the House of
Commons a representation of the people. lie
wished now to say a word or two about the mode of
election by ballot. At Epsom he expressed himself
unfriendly to the practice of taking the vote by bal-
lot. He wished to see the freeholders come freely
and manfully to the poll, and declare for whom they
would vote. He certainly was quite willing to give
full force to any argument in favour of vote by bal-
lot, which might be derived from the case of
France ; the Deputies there were not as subservient
to the wishes of the Crown as were the House of
Commons in this country—(Cheers)--shut he
fairly and freely admitted ; but such were his preju-
dices in favour of what he conceived to be old Eng-
lish frankness and candour, that he felt in nowise
disposed to support an election by ballot.
Colonel JoLtavytt said, that though the show of
hands was not in his favour at Epsom, he would
still offer himself to the favourable consideration of
the freeholders of Surrey. Ha begged to inform
all who heard him that carriages were in waiting at
all the villages to convey them to Guildford. He
bore no to any man ; be would proceed
strictly upon public grounds, and he was determined
to go on as long as it seemed the wish of the free-
holders that he should continue to do so, or as long
us the law allowed. There was nothing new in the
speeches of the Hon. Gentleman who had preceded
him that would be necessary for him to reply to; he
had heard nothing to make him alter any one of his
opinions; he was an advocate for Reform and for
retrenchment, but he would proceed with prudence.
As a country gentleman he was opposed to vote by
ballot. He had no other property except that which
he possessed in land—he had been in Parliament 30
years, and never asked of any Ministry any thing
for himself, or any member of his fatally, excepting
one appointmint at Tortola. At his time of life, it
was not to be supposed that he sought to rise by
entering upon the service of the State as a public
ollicer—a pension he could not look for, as he had
done nothing to earn one. He stood upon his past
conduct, and he referred to his brother freeholders
to that as a test by which they might judge of the
future.
Mr. Datscou was received with the warmest ap-
plause. In addressing his brother freeholders, he
said that he fully concurred with many of the gentle-
men who preceded him that they lived in eventful
times—whether they looked to what bad recently
passed in a neighbouring country, or whether they
turned their eyes at home, they could not help see-
ing that they lived in eventful times; especially
whey they looked to their own country, they could
not be insensible to the overwhelming weight of
debt which pressed upon them, and overwhelming
load of taxation which pressed upon the productive
industry of the country. The industrous classes were
oppressed and borne down, and unless aometiting of
sympathy were shown to theta by the Legislative
and the Executive Government, the most disastrous
consequences, he would be bound to say would in-
evitably follow. He thought that the object of
electors, in times like the present, should be to re-
turn such men to Parliament as would form a House
of Commons really sympathising with the people,
and feeling for their distress. Now he put it to his
brother electors to say, was there that full, fair, and
free representation of the people in the Commons
House of Parliament which there ought to be Y---
(Cries of " No, no, no l") In times, then, like the
present, it behoved a great and enlightened metro-
politan county like that of Surrey, to set an example
to the test of the country, which, if wisely and eilis
ciently lollowed, would
prove fraught with salutary
consequences. The electors of such a county, and
the electors of all counties, should deliberate well
before they gave their votes—votes that were due
to men principles and of iinpartiai
other. - If such votes seat him to Parliament, he
lide shouldilt
not be rendered to any
acionnetelrue:; of
ieree
at wnssured them that he would serve them
zealously and faithfully : and he trusted that, during
too contest which was about to commence, he
should not do anything unbecoming tt gentleman, ot
unworthy of one who was a candidate for their
stance, He then adverted to the p meet Inge at
