ODE,

IN PRAISE OP SIR ARTHUR ‘VELLIISI.EY, GENERAL IN
CHIEF OF HIS BRITANNIC MAJESTY'S FORGEs, ItY
WHOM JUNOT AND HIS ARMY HAVE ,RREN °RI- i GED *FO
EVACUATE THE CITY OF LISBON AND--KINGDOM `OF
PORTUGAL.

Intrepid :Wax-J.lls n Ir, whose illustrious name
Throughout the welkin rings—
Even in the Muse's gentle breast,
• To whom by Heaven's behest
Is giv'n to chaunt the Herifs deathless fame,
By thee inspired a kindred courage springs ;
While echoed far around
The martial trump and golden clarion sound,
And the dark Pole and burning Zone
Alike thy valour know, alike thy glories own.
With festive notes of grateful praise
And cheerful dance, the Lusitartian maids,
Embowerd in citron shades,
Thy song of triumph raise :
They celebrate the happy day
When Lusitania's host and Britain's !mired band,
(While glorious Vielory led the way),
Entered the temples of their rescued land,
Chastied with powerful arm the usurping Gaul,
And saw the foul dominion fall
Of that malignant Chief, whose impiods hand,
Alike prohined the altar and the throne
Or Lisbon, hapless city.—Oh how joyed •
Old Tagus' smelling bosoM, when his own
Triumphant Star and Castles he beheld *,
And saw ihOse Miters burst, those chains destroyed,
Which Lusitania's Sons'inAiondage held ; , -
Sons of thO'Se'heroe's whOnt, in times of yore, '
subject ocean trembling bore,
Triumphant Lords of Afric's sands and Asia's spicy shore,
'Nor by foul fraud and perjury betrayed,
And at the Robber's feet in shatheful slavery laid.
BM pitying Heaven, in its appointed time,
Rais'd its avenging hand, .
And smote the miscreant band
Which mocked at laws.divine, and gloried but in crime.
By Heaven inspired, beria's gallant tram
In generouss-indignation rose,
And called—nor called in vain,
On Lusitania's Sons the tyrant to oppose.
The cry of injur'd Nations rent the skies ;
They sought Britannia's powerful aid
To burst the crafty Despot's galling chain ;
Nor was her power delayed—
Faithful, and prompt, and just, and wise,
Instant she pour'd her valiant host, ,
With many a laurel crown'd—won from the desart main,
From Egypt.',o distant shore, and fiir Calabria's plain ;
Lords of the sea, the gallant band
Gathers new glories on,the land,
While their unriy.all'd deeds'
Disprove the Gaul's presumptuous boast,
And rescue from his grasp the Lusitanian coast,
And subjeel Europe, while she bleeds,
Owns that Britannia's mighty. ilower
Alike resistless on the sea and 'shore,
Wins but to save—and conquers to restore.

1- The Arms of Portul;al display a Star act' szyza CasUcs:

SICILY.

Mass'Na, AUG. 26.—We are all in expe&ation
of an early .move .ot: part of the army.--a. Troops have
been moving in various.parts of the Island—Trans-
putts hove been long preparing for the reception of
men and horses, and forage has within these few
days. been embarking—stores to a considerable
amount .have been long on board.. , We have now
eleven Generals on the Stall. here; Gen. DISNEY
of the Guards goes borne by this packet. Oar force
on the Island amounts to about 15,000 men, a
great proportion of. them foreigners. We have very
little communication with Calabria. You have
heard, I dare say, of our unsuccessful attempt to cut
Out or destroy a Vessel from under the rocks of
Scylla. She had been one of our Transports (the
Lord Mehiille), and was employed ,in; bringing
round Lord Foams from Palermo. His Lordship
landed at the Faro, a short time after he got into
the:current, which drove her under the -guns of
Scylla, when she. was abandoned by her crew. That
night. a plan, was formed to destroy her ; but unfor-
tunately 8 Boat, containing a Captain of the 39th;
and 'a Lieutenant of the 35th, with nine soldiers on
board, got a-head of the Boat to which the enter-
prize was principally entrusted, and got close under
the Vessel and between her and the Thore, which
was lined with French troops ready to receive
them.' a The two ()Ulcers xi:ere badly wounded, but
are getting better. The.plata was accordingly frus-
trated.

Madame DE MO NTOIAEU'S " Princesse De Wol-
fenbuttel," and. Madame De Charriere's " Honorine
DTherehe,"- engross the attention of the faihiona-
bre world, The charaCters in each are pourcrayed
with, all the fire and delicacy of which, French
writers, and very few of them, alone are capable.
The School Magazine haS put all the Young
Masters and Misses in a stare of great activity, in
the expectation of securing tbr themselves the prin-
cipal prizes. j
One of the sons of Mrs. JORDAN, the aaress, has
gone upon foreign service;' with the rauk'of Cornet,
in the loth Regiment of Light Dragoons (the Prince
of WALES'S). We hope this young man, whose
charaeler is said to be very promising, will contri-
bute as much to the honour of his country, as the
talents of his Mother have to their amusement.

The improvements of the Pier at Margate.are gt
length determined upon. The subscription books
were cloSed on Thursday last, when there appeared
to have been• collected no• less a SIAM than twenty-
six thousand pounds. This sum is to be expended
in securing the barrier, and extending the pier two
hundred teet beyond its present boundaries., .
Tuesday evening, about eight o'clock, as a cart
was standing in Wood-street, cheapside, while the
man was delivering a knesage,,. soine_thi.v4s stole
from it a bale ofgoods, with which they, escaped..

t„, , • - • r ,
SPORTIAVG.INZELLIGENCE.

, .
NEWAIARKET SECCq.III OCTOBER MEETING.
W2llll. AX, OC 1.02 FR 19.
• Mr. lieller7tan's L'Huil,..- de Veiv..l*, 7sr. rt b. beat Sir C.
TtMIL:I'S' Mr.-Gundr,..Bst. 21.11.• .Two-,,,r OA ,:ourbe, 2,Nogs.
h. ft.-2 to lon L'Haile r;e. Vent.l.
: .
The third and lase yeat_9l the. Renewal of the Oalober bat.
land It. M.
. .. , .
The First Class of.thc.Oatland Stakes, ot 3ogs. each., 13.;V1-:•
Mr. Wyndhane.S.kis_ctionp'4 Yrsold, Bst. Vb. • - A
•Ld Foley's Weaver, 3 •yrs. 7st. 2,16. - -
'Mi., Wilson's c. by Hanibltrtonian, out of Tottercllii,
3 yrs. 6st. 51b. , - - ft i. I
D. 01Rutland's Rarbbler, 4 yrs. 7st. 3lb.' • - 4
D. of Grafton's Vand)ke, 3 yrs. 7st. 111 b. • •- . s
I,ti G. H. Cavendish's Dreadnought, aged, 7st. 71h. -. 6
Even on E lettion —7 to 1 agst Rambler-- 2 to 1 agsr Vandyke.
The 'Fawn elate of 501. for 37yr olds, 751. 4ib. ; 4.), olds,
Bst. 41b. ; 5-yr oldS, Bst. 111 b. ; 6-br olds, 9st. lib. ; an
aged, gst. 41b.. T. M. M. B. C..
Mr. Lake's br..e. Fuscus, 3 years _ _
Mr.• Bouverie's b. c. Wood-dairion, 3 yrs.
Ld E. G. Osborne'. br. 1. Sleeping Beauty, 3 yrs.
Mr. C. brownCs b. 1. !iinonia, 4 years -

- t
- 2

- 3

. , ,
4 to i on Fuscus. 4
•
Sir 1: Shell4y's c.-. Sock, by Waxy, out of Two 'Shoes'
darn, rec. ft. from General Grosvenor's b. I. Chrysels, by
Asparagus, out of Lady lane, Sst. 21b. each. 'Cvvo-yr old
Course, 'cogs. 11.- tt.,. -
