FOR THE SUN.

EDITOR.—As the opinions of Military
men, relative to the state of Slaves in the West
Indies, were not attended to, it is not likely that
the declarations of the Negroes themselves will be
credited. " That the Slavery in the West In-
dies is mildness, and comfort and happiness, com-
pared to the Slavery in Africa," where every
nine men in ten are slaves. In Africa, those
who are free never lay down to sleep without
expecting to have their throats cut in the night,
or to be dragged before morning into slavery,
and sold from slave merchant to slave merchant,
and marched through the interior of Africa, the
most dreadful of all situations. Dr. ROBERTSON,
in his History of America, mentions a French
proverb, that " Regarder un Sauvage de travers,
c'est le battre ; le battre, c'est le tuer ;
battre un Negre, c'est le nourrir." Be-
cause if an Indian is struck, he is so dishonour-
ed that nothing but the blood of the man can
atone for it, who will kill the Indian in his own
defence. But the Negro is so indolent, that un-
less he is compelled to work he will starve;'
this being the case, what must become of the
Negroes if they are at once declared free ?
their former masters support them gratis ? Or is
Government to feed 900,000 Slaves, until they
can or do furnish themselves with food ? Therefore
Mr. CANNING'S humane plan is best, to abolish
slavery gradually, so that famine will not be felt,
nor the negro population be destroyed for want
of food. Further, all grants of land are gratis,
which have been made by the Governors of Ja-
maica, but are forfeited to the Crown, unless
there are a certain number of negroes (ten
or twenty) for every hundred acres of land,
and a portion of that land in cultiva-
tion,—consequently, if slavery is abolish-
ed at once, and the negroes refuse towork
for their former masters (which is probable,
not to say certain), every estate in Jamaica
will be forfeited to the Crown. It is to be
hoped that religious instruction to the Negroes
will be attended with the success its most san-
guine supporters could wish; but when the late
Mr. FOOTE wrote the Comedy of the Patron,
there never was an instance of a Negro having
been christened, which induced Mr. FOOTE to
introduce the subject as follows :

(Enter Sir Peter Pepperpot to Bever on the
Stage.)

Bever—Why in such a passion, Sir Peter ?
Sir Peter—These dogs of Negroes have forgot
to put up my Cayenne Pepper, and I am going
to a turtle feast—l thought what it would come
to; this christening will ruin our Co-
lonies entirely

A WEST INDIAN.

I It E fa A N D.

( From the Dublin Correspondent.)
Report says, that a misunderstanding has oc-
curred at Limerick between Mr. Serjeant Lefroy, who presides
as Judge, and two Members of the Bar, Mr. Serjeant Gould
and Mr. O'Connell. The cause of the difference between the
two first Gentlemen is stated to be, that Mr. Serjeant Lefroy
temperately rebuked Mr. Serjeant Goold for saying the Court
was more like a bear garden than a place of Justice, in conse-
quence of the noise that prevailed, and observed that the pro-
' per course to have order preserved was on an application to the
Bench. Mr. Serjeant Goold is said to have looked irefully
at the Judge, but sat down without making a reply.
The difference between the presiding Judge and Mr. O'Con-
nell is reported to be of a more serious nature, and to have oc-
curred as follows :—Counsellor O'Connel, while cross-examin-
ing a witness, asked a question which the Counsel on the op-
posite side objected to. This produced a law argument, and,
in the end, the Court decided that Mr. O'Connell could not
persist in his question. Upon this decision, that Learned Gen-
tleman indignantly threw up his brief, and addressed the fol-
lowing extraordinary language to the Judge—" If the Pra_
saner be convicted, his Blood be upon your Head ! ! !"
It is to be observed, however, these
accounts proceed from
private sources, and that no notice is taken of them in the
Limerick Papers which arrived this day.

Aggregate Meetings of the Roman Catholics have been held
in Waterford and Limerick. The usual Barristers acted as
itinerant orators on the occasion.

Meetings have been either convened or held by the High
Sheriff's in the County of Antrim, Cork, Mayo, &c., for the
purpose of petitioning Parliament against the repeal of the
bounties on the exportation of coarse linens.

SPORTING INTELIAGENCIL

BETTING-ROOM, MARCH 29.-STATE OF THE ODDS.

It ID DL ESW 0 RTII.
5 to 1 agst Reformer
13 to 2 agst Don Carlos.

DERBY.

18 to 1 agst Hurly Burly
19 to 1 agst Don Carlos
22 to 1 agst Bess
25 to 1 agst Silkworm.

OAKS.
16 to 1 agst Lord Derby.
DONCASTER ST. LEGER.
25 to 1 agst Vietress
27 to 1 agst Lisette
33 to 1 agst Canteen
60 to 1 agst Mr. Baird.

CAUTION.—On Saturday Captain GEonc;s
CARREAD, No. 12, White Horse-terrace, -Con"
mercial-road, applied to Sir DANIEL WILLIAM°,
the Sitting Magistrate at Lambeth-street Police
Office, for his advice under the following cit.'
cumstances :—That day, about twelve o'cloct
Captain CARREAD had been from home on.
some business, when a stout man about 34 years
of age, and dark complexion, dressed in a light
green frock coat, light coloured kerseymere small
clothes and leggings, having a large parcel under
his arm, directed for him, called at his bottles
and inquired if he was at home ; being answer'
ed in the negative, he said the parcel was of snitch
consequence, that it came by the Highflyer
coach, and that the carriage of it was 3s. 10d.---
Mrs. C. seeing the parcel correctly directed,
stantly paid him the sum required. Upon Capt.
C.'s return he opened it, and found it contained
nothing but waste paper. The Magistrate, under
the circumstances, could afford him no otilf'
assistance, but desired him to give a descriptio''
of the rogue to the officers.
