COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

The much talked of ballet, the Revolt of the Harem, was last
night produced at this theatre. It has been extremely popular
at Paris, and bids fair to be equally popular on this side of the
channel. We give a slight synopsis of its chief incidents. The
first scene opens with a representation of a splendid hall in
the Palace of the Alhambra, opening upon the Court of Lyons,
discovering Muhomet, King of Granada, (Mr. HOWELL) seated
in a grand divan with the chief officers of his Court, who gives
audience to Ismael, commander-in-Chief of his Moorish 111 a
jesty's forces (Monsieur Swam), on his triumphant return
from the field of war, in honour of whom he gives a grand en-
tertainment in the palace, which introduces the ladies of the se-
raglio, under the watchful guardianship of Myssouf, chief of the
eunuchs (Mr. W. H. PAYNE) ; Zulma, a beautiful young lady
betrothed to the conqueror (Mademoiselle PAULINE LEROUX)/
with Mina, her faithful negress (Mdlle. CAvA); 'and aoklieftra
royal slave (Mdlle. VanoN), with Atargal, her companion
(Mdlle. CELESTE). These entertain him with dances, in which
he joins; and the numerous persons he has redeemed from
slavery having been admitted into the royal presence, the great
captain is honoured by all parties in a manner equally flattering
and pleasing. But the beautiful Zulma is honoured by the
preference of the king, and as she does not return his affection,
he threatens her with immediate death ; she is, however, saved
from the hands of the executioner, by her faithful negress, and
apparently restored to favour. The next scene Is " the Bath of
the Harem." In the centre of a large apartment a basin is
seen, in which about a dozen slaves are beheld enjoying the
luxury of the bath, while others are observed arranging their
toilet. This task is soon completed, and the old eunuch and
his followers enter with refreshments for the ladies. As one of
the domestics is carrying a vessel of sweetmeats, or something
which looked:like one, it falls from her hand in fragments on the
floor, and Myssouffin a passion at her carelessness threatens her

- -
with a punishment commensurate with her offence ; bun
Zulma intercedes in her behalf, and the old gentleman retires
in a better temper, leaving the two females together. Grateful
for the service rendered her, the slave discovers herself to be
the Genius of the Harem (Miss KENNETH), presents her de-
liverer with a boquet which is to preserve her in every danger,
and then disappears. Soon afterwards Zeir , principal page
to the King (Mademoiselle LARCHE), enters, bearing a banner,
announcing that in honour of the valiant Ismael his Majesty
gives freedom to all his female slaves except Zulma. This ex-
ception not meeting with the approbation of either the en.
franchised or the enslaved, strong measures are taken to make
them more tractable. At this important moment a forest of
spears starts up from the floor, and every member of the nume-
rous harem is immediately armed. The watchful Myssouf
entering the seraglio, discovers the warilke preparations of its
members, and instantly hurries to acquaint his master ; but
before he returns with the guard, the spears are very inge-
niously turned into harps, and the astonished eunuch, per..
plexed by these changes, dismisses his companions, and remains
to watch the suspected belligerents. In a short time the
harpists are changed into spear-bearers, lay violent hands upon
the unfortunate spy, bind him, and when the palace is alarmed
by his cries, and the Court comes to his assistance, the ladies
have made their escape from the seraglio. The third scene
represents a pass in the Alpuxarras mountains, with the bivouac
of the female army. The latter are asleep in different positions,
with their arms piled, sentinels set, outposts in the distance, and
every thing in martial order around them. Ismael manages to
escape the notice of the sentinels and enters the camp, awakens
Zulma, and, after a considerable courtship, is on the point of
leading her off when a trumpet 'sounds, and, the Amazons
starting up, he is discovered and 'made prisoner. A detach-
ment is then seen bringing in Zeir blindfolded, who bears the
olive-branch from his master; after which Mahomet and his
guard enter, apparently with thamost amicable intentions, and
a liberal supply of presents from his majesty are produced in
manifestation of his good will., :.,,As soon as the ladies behold
the splendid cachmere shawls and other attractive ornaments
they drop their weapons and hasten to receive the costly
gifts, but while they are arraying themselves and admiring
their appearance, by direction of the crafty king his guard
quietly take possession of their arms, and the ladies are again
at the mercy of Mahomet. At this crisis the scene changes to
the " Gardens of the Genius of the Harem," whose powerful in-
fluence immediately brings everything to a happy termination.
This ballet, if we may judge from the reception it met with last
night, will make quite as great whit as Gustavus. It is a grace.
ful trifle, got up with considerable care, and apparently with an
utter indifference to expense. Mr. Burr sr is no churl in these
matters. He lavishes his thousands with as much, and more,
hearty good-will, than his predecessors lavished their hundreds.
The scenery of the ballet alone—to say nothing of the gorgeous
military costume in which the female warriors were attired—
must have cost a prodigious sum, awful to think of, and still
worse to pay. The Pass in the Alpuxarras Mountains, with the
revolted slaves bivouacing by their watch-fires in the fore-
ground, and the sentinels keeping post in the distance,
is one of the most striking scenic displays we ever
witnessed. The Moonlight falls with a mild, silvery lustre,
on the whole landscape, bringing out this bit of rock, and
throwing shadow upon that, in a way that reflects the highest
credit on Mr. GRIEVE'S pictorial skill. The bath scene drew down
a few hisses from some chaste gods in the gallery, but the morals
of the boxes were by no means incommoded by it. Indeed,
nothing but the extreme of cant could have objected to it. The
grand review of the female belligerents in the last act, evinced
far more tact and grace than we have ever seen displayed by
the Guards on a field-day in Hyde-park. The wheelings into
line and out of line, the marching and counter-marching, now
rank-and-file, now by square, now by sections—now by
squadron, were executed with a precision that might have ex-
tracted a sunny smile of approbation from the grim face of his
Grace of Wellington. The ballet was announced for repetition
amidst applause from all parts of the house.

It has not been generally known that a Sceur
de Charite has been settled in this country ever since 1793.
She is a woman of high rank and consideration, and has
devoted her time and fortune for the last forty years to tLe
task of visiting the sick and assisting the unfortunate.;
