I " -FRIDAY, SEPTEWBF:R 25 ,
VIE SUN, ,A)°'

GRAND DINNER TO MR. O'CONNEL L

" Behold .the maiden modesty of Grimbold."—,
and cheers.) So it is with the House of Lords—the
that concealed its deformities has been torn off, and now
slightly paraphrasing the language of the poet, we may
say, " Behold the maiden modesty of the 170." It was
supposed that the Lords, perceiving that the House of
Commons was backed by 24,000,000 of the most intel-
ligent people on the face of the earth, would have the
good sense to shrink from a combat with that body, and
would not measure their strength in a contest which would
show them to be only the pigmies, and the national
mind as represented .in the Commons the ground of
the field and fight.—(Cheers.) They—bad not the good
sense to do so. Their maiden modesty and pigmy feeble-
ness, they have themselves exposed.—(Cheers.) The at-
tempt made last year, by Wellington, was one of singular
audacity and military skill. The Whigs, unfortunately,
had quarrelled with the Irish Representatives, and were not
in the odour of sanctity with the Radicals either in North
or South of Britain ; they had thrown off their connection
with the people, and were endeavouring to persuade them-
selves into the belief that they could insinuate themselves
into the good graces, and exist upon the countenance and
favour, of the Court party. The result was, that they fell
into disfavour with the people, whilst, at the same time, they
were never other than cordially hated by the party connected
with the Court. Wellington took advantage of the predi-
cament in which they had placed themselves, and at once
dissolved the Parliament. In the general election which
ensued, nearly a million of money was spent in the purchase
of all that the Reform Bill left purchaseable. Emissaries
were sent with heavy purses to all the boroughs which con-
ta,.ned any of those willing slaves called freemen. They
sent with sealed orders and plenty of cash. The entire
were,. r
wealth O. the Tory interest was brought into the field, and
'-rliament selected in which the limited franchise
we had a 1..„
the Reforn.• Bill almost threw power again into the
o
• •s.. But the Reform Bill worked so well,
f
hand
of the Tory. •' what they were able to achieve
that, in spite of •. v which Scotland gave to the cause
in England, the majori.
• liant majority which poor Ireland
p
of the people—the trium. - the instruments of corruption,
sent into the fight, overthrew.
them.—( Cheers.) We
and gained a complete victory
spite of English corrup-
put a Scotchman into the chair..:6
measure in favour of
tion.—(Great cheering.) We got
1;
e faction • and old
Corporate Reform, in spite of the 5.12
Ireland bad gratitude shown to hert t!
..I'= firs
setasacredtime
,rah n
history, in the triumphant vote which de.."
principle, that the surplus of a sinecure Chu.
ment should be devoted to the education of th..l
(Cheers.) Then it was that the Grimbolds shom.'d
hem-
selves.—(Great laughter and cheering.) But they Yver".'
defeated, horse and foot, in every quarter, and at ever;
point ; and heaven knows they took a great deal of beat-
ing before they perceived that they were beaten. We had
to turn them over and over again on every side, before they
would see that they were completely defeated, and unable
to maintain their ground. It was then that the House of
Lords took their, stand ; and I appeal.to you whether any
body of men ever took their stand more falsely or unwisely—
more obstinately or more perversely. They took their stand
on the English Corporate Reform Bill—a Bill that all Eng-
land.was calling out for, and that Scotland had obtained three
years before. In their oppositiOn to that Bill, they behaved
in as paltry and poltroon a manner as it was possible for
men to do. They would not take upon themselves the
responsibility of throwing it out—they would not even
destroy its principal features, but they loaded it with all
manner of mischief—they stained and spat upon it in the
hope that the House of Commons would finally throw out
that which they themselves bad not the manliness to re-
ject.—(Cheers.) But they were more courageous in every-
thing else, and accordingly they placed themselves in direct
opposition to every measure having for its object the at, '
lioration of England, Scotland, or Ireland. They thought
to have a fair field for the exercise of oppression, and every
species of injustice, in Ireland. The Irish had been so
much in the habit, like the eels, of being skinned alive, that
they thought the process was to go on for ever in perfect
safety.—( Cheers.) But, in sober sadness, Ido insist upon
this, that the Lords at that time proclaimed themselves the
opponents of every improvement.—(Cheers.) What was
to'be done ? The people have no control over them. The
King has no control over them, except creating them, and
the article is not of such prime quality as to make one anxious
for an increased supply.—(Laughter and cheers.) And
besides there was a fair supply of the article in the market
already. For when the Whigs appointed some of their
friends to the Peerage—as, for instance, in the case of
Lord Segrave, what use did they make of their newly ac-
quired privilege ? Why, they turned to their new order,
and voted against their creators, the Whigs. So, it ap-
pears, that in increasing the number of that goodly assem-
bly, you are by no means certain of increasing its honesty.
God knows, you cannot diminish it—it had arrived at zero
before.--(Great laughter and cheering.) There was no
re.nedY then in the exercise of the King's prerogative, to
makemakemore of them. What remedy had the people ?
None ai all. We may meet here and talk about them—
electors in..lY vote against them—they care not for anything
we may do--.`here is nothing about them that the people
can control or 1.131
hold o£--(Cheers.) They are some-
thing like an animal that forms a conspicuous figure in a
sort of race that is s.-onetimes run in Ireland, in which a
pig, with its ears cut o.ff and its tail soaped, is turned loose
to become the prize of tlhe first person who can hold him.
—(Great laughter and cheering.) There they are, the
soaped pigs of society—the .real swinish multitude, as ob-
stinate, as ignorant,- and as mulish as their brutal pr6lo-
types.—(Loud and long continued laughter and cheering.)
They afforded a strong proof of these qualities in their
treatment of the English Corporate Reform Bill. There
was Londonderry grunting and snorting at it—Winchilsea
piously groaning over it—Newcastle in congenial tones re-
sponding—and Wellington, with much military skill, acting
as swineherd-general.—(Great laughter and cheering.)
They have flung themselves literally into the mud, and the
people of this country, if they do consent to the defilement,
will insist that the two-footed hogs shall no longer bear the
panoply of armour. The business of Reform as yet is but half
done. I come to Scotland to ask this question—Did you ever
know a Scotchman who was fond of leaving his work half
done? I never did. The Scotch people have a very
pretty notion, as we say in Ireland, of finishing their job
.IJien they once set about it. —(Cheers,) I come to ask
the single question, will you leave the work of Reform half
none 2—(Cries of " No.") Will you leave the waft in the
loom half woven—the piece half finished—will you leave the
picture of the Lords—a picture, half man, half hog, PA at
present ?—(Cries of " No.") I come to that point, and
you will see that it is the Lords who have driven us to it.
We should not think of changing the frame of the House
of Lords ;.f they did not compel us to do so. Lord Anglesey
—not one of the wisest men in the world, by the bye—
once conveyed bis advice in a single word,—" Agitate,
agitate, agitate !" Here am I, taking his advice and agi-
tating—(Cheers)—and having demonstrated the utter inn-
tility of the Reform we have at present, unless we obtain
. the rest—having shown that it is vain that the House of
Commons should meet and resolve, if a coterie of the Peers
are to assembiC at Aspley-house, and to determine that you
have enough of I..:.)Provement, and shall have no more—
having done this, it 'is
.2n that account that I have been se-
lected by your committee to propose to you this evening
the toast I shall presently co .:elude by offering to you.
But' it would be vain and ri,liculons, it would be
worse than idle and foolish, 14 After congregating
here this evening, and declaring the!:
the House of
Lords shall no longer impose a restrain'!-
upon the
course of freedom into which the country is anx-foSs to
enter ; if, after such a declaration, we should retire to our
pillows, and go to a perpetual sleep upon the subject, for-
getting that we have exertions to make, and that no man
has achieved advantages for his country without struggling
severely and perseveringly to obtain them.—(Cheers.) The
principle is established—down with the Lords in their pre-
sent fornv—the necessity is obvious—down with the
oligarchy—(Cheers)—down with the Apsley-house coterie
—(Renewed cheering}—clown with the swinish multitude—
(Great cheering.) -We are all agreed upon this. Then
what are we to do ? Should we be men if we did not do
something to get rid of the evil ?—(Cheers.) Ido not wish
to go into any detail as to the course that should be adopted,
whether it should be by the re-establishment of political
unions, or by the convening of meetings to petition Parlia-
ment and address the King ; these are modes of proceed-
ing that are perfectly open to the people—they are legiti-
mate and constitutional channels, through which the public
opinion may be made known to the King and to the Legis-
lature, and no man shall tell me that they are weak instru-
ments. T have tried them already, and succeeded with
them.—(chec.rs.) Rally, then, men of Glasgow, as you
have often rallieJ before. Yoli have won but half the
battle ; do not lie clown till the 0t;,.?.r half is obtained.
—(Cheers.) There is, I believe, a favoui4,te Highland
cry—" Enish, enish, enish !" " Now, now, now I'r Plow
and again should be our cry to battle against the ene-
mies of our country.—(Cheers.) We have little to fear
when we find ourselves opposed by such champions as
Westmeath in Ireland, and Ellenborough—scented and
perfumed—in England—(Laughter and cheers)—men fed
by the public bounty, and having no other pretensions
to popular favour than the sinecure offices which they
141., What is the talent or spirit amongst these men ?
Take the entire one hundred and seventy of them—put out
him a; a matter of ornament, as a tes-
timony of the military valour pf thp patio blit take all
them—what. are they ? Wliy? thy arp name-
only the nick-name; and in nine cases
What advances hi science
' I:ceoveries in the
• --

AT GLASGOW.

GLASGOW, TUESDAY NIGHT.
If Mr. O'Connell was gratified at the reception afforded
to himyesterday by the immense multitude of the trades
and working classes who assembled to greet him on the
Green, and to listen to the force of his eloquence at the
Bazaar in the evening, it would be hardly possible for him to
derive less satisfaction from the honours which have been be-
stowed upon him to-day by the members of a wealthier class.
A sumptuous and expensive dinner was provided at the
Town-hall, and here at five o'clock, not less than 400 of the
richest and most respectable merchants and traders of the
town assembled to feast with their distinguished guest ;
and throughout the whole of the evening nothing could
emeed the enthusiasm which they evinced, not only to-
wards the sentiments be expressed, but' towards himself
personali.,".
The slightest allusion to his personal history
was receive.,,
with the most rapturous cheering : and if,
Its he proceedet..4
in his addresses, he was sometimes led
(as public speakers,
often in the habit with rather a questionable humility, are
doing), to depreciate the amount of
his own talent, or the exis'alti of his own services to the coun-
try,aised to deny the self-cast
hundreds of Voices we; : by all parties that Mr.
imputation. It must be adinitteci.
O'Connell's appearante, his impassionet2 wanner, and native
eloquence, have made a deep impression up..son the people
of Scotland. He is something completely differs !'o any
thing that has appeared in this part of the world befort:. an :•1
would necessarily command attraction in every 'place' be
visited, evert if he did not bear with him a title sacred in the
estimation of every true Scotchmen—" the defender of the
oppressed—the liberator of his country." His progress here
has been one continued triumph, and to the end of his life
must be reflected on with feelings of the highest pride and
pleasure. To have made so strong an impression on the
mind of so staid and intelligent a people as the Scotch,
is a legitimate ground of pride, and, after the many tokens
of admiration which have been displayed towards him, the
Honourable and Learned Gentleman may be forgiven, if
he has obtained some little access of that feeling. At the
dinner to-day, Mr. Spiers. M.P., presided, and Sir John
Maxwell, Charles Tennant, Esq., and William Dixon, Esq.,
acted as croupiers. Near the Chairman were Mr. Ruthven,
M.P., Mr. Morgan O'Connell, M.P., Professor Mylne,
Ex-Provost Graham, one of the oldest Reformers in the
town, Mr. Dixon, late one of the Representatives of the
town, and many others of the wealthiest and most influential
persons of the town and neighbourhood.
The cloth having been removed, the CHAIRMAN succes-
sively proposed " The King ;" " The Queen ;" ‘.4 The
Prin. cess Victoria and her Illustrious Mother ;" " The
Peopk', the true source of political power ;" " The Duke
of Suss ex, and those Members of the Royal Family who
have not fbrgotten the principles which seated their family
on the thrt.'ne ;" and each of these, with the exception of
" The Queetl," was received with the utmost ' enthusiasm.
The attempt .to raise three-times-three for her Majesty,
was a dead failu.ye. The Chairman, who gave the time,
went off very lai4.'s:nidly—a few voices only responded, and,
instead of a general cheer, the matter ended in a general
laugh.
In proposing " The Navy and Army," the CHAIRMAN
deprecated, in strong ter ins, the introduction of secret and
illegal associations into the latter—associations which, from
their secrecy, were necessarflY subversive of all military
discipline, and which, by giving a fresh motive of action,
divided the obedience of the sol,lier from that which was
.his only legitimate head—the Kin:C. If that were so, then
LC said that those who had created ihose secret associations
—tntrough their rank might be high--t`hough they might be
next -s.he throne itself, or amongst the lowest dregs of the
-they were, and
people-- must b accountable to the repre-
tentatives of the people assembled in Pariiament for their
actions ; ~:ild he was sure all who heard him would agree
that it was t.l.'e duty of Parliament to sift the matter to the
bottom, and to' be careful to nip in the bud so dangerous a
principle of cons• siracy.—(Cheers.)
The next toast ss'as " Lord. Melbourne and his Majesty's
Ministers."—(Drun2s with great enthusiasm.)
The CHAIRMAN tht:ll rose to propose the health of their
distinguished guest, DarsTel O'Connell.—(Rapturous cheer-
ing.) After drawing a part.allel between Wallace, the libera-
tor of Scotland, and O'Connt.'ll, the liberator of Ireland, the
lion. Gentleman concluded by t
observudeing, that the Irish li-
-4i of the Scotch of the
berator had a claim upon the gra.
'
m from the iron rule of
present day, for having released ths
ic‘k liberality of the
the Duke of Wellington, and the m.
Tamworth Baronet.—(Great cheering., ,
subsided, said—
Mr. O'CoNsIELL, when the applause has
s;o. I should
There is but one thing that I should shrink fr.
tould pos-
st rink from the notion that any individual here •
siki:v believe that I have the presumptuous N: W . it
to
Uhl", ute in any degree to myself the expresoion of
sentime. nt that I have witnessed in Scotland—that re- .
sounded on your Green yesterday, and that I find re-
echoed in . this respectable. assembly to-day. I do not
attribute it ts s myself—l know how insignificant I naturally
am—{Cheers} •
—and if I have been thrown upon the sur-
face, it has only been as I have bad occasion more than
because, like the light substance which
once to say before,
-1? I should float upon the surface of
floats upon the wat,
its current, but merely marking
the stream, not rippL.Tg
rapidity.—(Cheers.) But I con-
ks course and showing s i,
„that your meeting here should
fens I am much proude.
1 great political sentiment than
involve the expression of .
that it should be regarded . "IY as a compliment to me
r, only the more distinctly
personally. It marks, howevt. '
went that sentiment is,
how deep, and firm, and perm.
,k and humble instru-
When I am adopted as the wet..
ment to point out the torrent of 4vour opinion, and the
rapidity and strength with which it Llows
eers
on towards the
rational improvement of our institutio. os.—(Ch) I
thank you for
have now a double duty to perform—to
•sn in spite of
the expression of your sentiments ; and o •
Cor the com-
the just imputation of vanity, to thank you .
xcially for
Aliment paid to my humble self, but more esp
the sympathy that you show in my person to TOY long-
suffering, unjustly-oppressed—merry, though so.. Towful
country.—(Cheers.) My other duty is to propose as a
toast, " A speedy and effectual reform of the liss.'tse
of Lords"—(Loud cheers)—and that I confess is Az,'
'Prime object of my roission through England and th:s I
country.—(Renewed cheering.) 'Tis now the leading I
object of nay political life.—(Reiterated cheering.) I have
found thsit there is nothing co true as that jack' of all
trades is roaster of none—(Great laughter and cheering)—
and therefore I disclaim occupying the principal portion of
My mind with any other topic undi I see the oligarchy in
the House of Lords mitigated, and an effectual reform in-
troduced into that branch of the Legislature.—(Cheers.)
This is my present mission, and I am but as it were the
bellows'-blower to set the organ in motion.---(Cheers and
laughter.) I am engaged in that duty now ; but the full
tide of the harniony must flow from you, and yOU will not
hear the sacred strain of rational liberty until y,,in effec-
tually join with me in putting an end to the discord which
prevails in our political system by reason of the vice and cor-
ruption and sinister influence of an irresponsible house of Lor,is.
It is, ull almost to didactic prosing to speak upon the sub-.
ject ; but there is one observation in which you will at once
concur—where is the man who this day twelve months
could have o•ot a dozen persons together to listen to him
when lie spoke of reform in the House of Lords ?—( Hear,
near.) At that time nobody spoke of it, dreamed of it, or
imagined it ; and no one would have imagined it, dreamed
of it, or spoken of it.—(Cheers.) I appeal to your com-
mon sense whether they have not reduced us to this dilemma,
either to admit ourselves as slaves, or to put down their
Mastery over us ?—(Cheers.) For mark you, is it not clear
that but half the work of reform is done ? The House of
Commons has been reformed, though not to the extent I
should wish ; yet it has been reformed to very sound and
practical purposes—it has been reformed safely, without
the slightest convulsion, without the sacrifice of property,
and without the shedding of a drop of blood.—(Hear.) The
s,eform has been a good one in manner and in matter ; but
wll. st is the advantage of it, if half the mischief is still re-
main ing—for before the passing of the Reform Bill the
nouso of Commons served as a screen to protect the
House of Lords, and being composed of the nominees of
the Lorsio, it did ,!he business of the Lords, and harmony
Was kept up between i.', and the Lords, just as it is in any
of your dm-nestic establishine.
Tits, by the master having the
control over the servant, and I.7aking him do his will and
bidding.—(Clieers.) Well, we lia:ge made the servant set
up for himself:—(Great cheerins.)_os:d I am sure I may
appeal to Scotland whether we 'have not set the bondsman
free ?---(Reiterated cheering.) Paper voi:',es are left to
fritter to pieces in the Lords' pockets—the nominees are
become freemen—the indentures of apprenticeship :-..•nd bond
of slavery are torn up—the servant has set up for himself,
and the Lords have noses taken a different position to endea-
vour, if possible, to prevent the servant from prospering in
business.—(Great cheering.) Before the Revolution of
.1688, there was a community of feeling and of action be-
t+ween the Houses of Lords and Commons. Why ? Because
ea ch was effected by the prerogatives of the Crown, while
there were the materials of disunion and oppression. The
Prerojative of the Crown bore, indeed, with greater weight
upon the Lord than upon the Commoner ; because, in a
despotls.n;, the nearer the Throne, the greater the share of
oppression ~....id tyranny. Up to the year 1688, the Lords
and From that period
Commons r. 'td no separate interest.
they should haw: be 'n completely separated ; but .4.%%.e Lords
whidled the - ' of the fair representation which the
peopl e
house of Commons ought out,to afford them, and made 'that
branch of the Legislature only an instalment of themselves.
'
(Cheers.) Now, however, thi.,
t we have thrown off the
fetters, and turned ourselves into :IV independent represen-
tative body, we find the Lords somet,:::;cg like the figure in
e of Dryden's political plays—a hideous monster con-
cealedt under the veil of humanity. At the conclusion of
~,,e, Play the veil falls' off, and the real features are exhibited,
""4 then the whole party who have been deceived cry out,

the res.
less, because you
out of ten forget the real one.
have been made by these men ? What
arts ? What have they added to literature ? What n...
virtues do they possess ? What physical force belongs to
them ? A good sturdy kitchen wench, with a broom, would
beat the entire of them.—(Great laughter and cheering.)
And yet, sacred heaven 1, these men are to be the ;misters

scholars,

dto me I
. ....„, attend the dinner--much
..,, have the lives, the .respectfully, to decline the 'atiiinognettpirnovpirat' .
of party feeling in your
the state
........4 science, of no proof of my not appreei
,l-loned convinced that at the ply.that* t is
,sent 10Q, I
• "Ant of it. Ido to • moment, I ouht to d am
Weil sZieigst.Tre(sNts(:,;
advance•
British patt.;:: 11 ePen nll d din.. on 170 w,..„. , with respect to the - ecline
.1.. p otiglitY .• . ' ould easily \to •
.., . -"At• brt 1..
. 1,-- idtcben wench vi,i,th her broom w
le a with great reb- 4 ---Y own account. But
inviters, and
• w...m. 4 . , f the worst in . If to be arnpted to aft d I must not
wily, ik, is a 4egratlataw p .
c in - p ol it ~
(I.4a.n.gb.vte.ri \-------------eroF,otaunred:
as
ttniasordseaddnircd.awteied.:
en einih the HO. 4P4 1-40014#4 I desire to do so—neetw.....
' ' .i.n e' your
-nine figPiIPT OserY4l94?
" Aft effegt4o Reform town and
.rt:e'll infused in a portion of the Protestant eommuntii--
province is such—the spirit of Vi-
the peaceable and
ic 'mi!, so
looke.cl.,,uctinoiai sl...ot.reirgoionorlayatigntagoitnbisenetellitepioi4iaeprr4etotyionaftinhorteeivtferied,
that, in spite of all we could do, this festival would be
Fliv ~ioh th! allow rose._
to a ju...
who would yak- --..,_
_would be looked upon a
constitutional Reformel. :"ions of no • 4 con-
constitutional
rather to insult the 0v,,,, vocrs, than to ag-
gre,,.
sert our own. , . _
.1,
4, I may he Mali mistaken in diese views—=perhaps I
am ; but they at present iiiake such an impression on my
achieved, and tu „nr°e'‘.ll7l
mind, as to compel me, with unaffected sorrow, and the
most lively, as well as respectful gratitude, to beg you to
veryi:u:
signify, in the most conciliatory and kindly terms, my deei-
sion to the Reformers"
I have the honour to be, Sirs,
o oti
liiumble servant,
l ofr Belfast.
i.a
"DANIEL O'COtINELL."

put to flight.
—(Cheers.) After ~
pressure of time compels us .
Gentleman concluded by proposing

of-the House of Lords." .
The toast was received with great applause.
Mr. 'Wallace, M.P., next gave ." Municipal Reform in
England and Ireland, and may the good work be speedily
completed," which was drank with all the honours.
Mr. C. J. TENNANT said, after the speech you have
just listened to, I will not be guilty of bad taste or pre-
sumption in attempting to speak, while calling attention
to the toast that has been put into my hands, forming as it
does, a fit and proper corollary to the Reform Bill. Mr.
Tennant then gave " The Repeal of the Septennial Act,
and Vote by Ballot," which was drank with great enthu-
siasm.
The CHAIRMAN said, that, in giving the next toast he
would call on the company to fill a bumper, and after they
had heard it, to drink it as they might think it deserved. It
was, " The Members for the city of Glasgow—( Loud
cheers)—better Members than whom never entered the
House of Commons." (The toast was most warmly re-
sponded to.)
Dr. BOWRING, in giving " Ireland, the speedy redress
'of her grievances, and the full establishment of her liberty,"
spoke in warm terms. of the enthusiastic reception Mr.
O'Connell had experienced in Glasgow, and remarked that
it seemed as if the Hon. and Learned Gentleman had
brought Mortimer O'Sullivan to make his appearance in
Glasgow simultaneously, in order that they might have an
opportunity of witnessing the difference between the libe-
rality of Catholicism and the intolerance of Episcopacy.—
(Applause and laughter.)
Mr. O'CONNELL next proposed the health of the Chair-
man, Mr. Speirs. He eulogised his conduct in Parliament,
and referred to the fact of his having been at one period
in the army, the temptation of which to tyrannical pro-
pensities and arbitrary principles was so well known, but
which his mind, formed on the truest principles of indepen-
dence, spurned and despised. He proposed him as a sol-
dier, a senator, and a citizen.
Drank with great applause.
The CHAIRMAN, in returning thanks said, that many
bigots would consider it a dishonour rather than anything
else to preside over a company met to do honour to Mr.
O'Connell. This meeting will be represented as one hav-
ing for its object the encouragement of Popery and infidelity,
inconsistency which he would have those who made the
chari7
to explain. For himself, he regarded his present po-
f very high honour. He then proposed the
O'
health Connell.
Mr. Mr. O'CoNNEL:.
returned thanks, and gave, " The Lord
Provost and Magistrate", sjn as
of '
and prosperity to the city of
Glasgow." In prefacing the
oast, he referredin the
.ng;.lan-
guage of congratulation, to the en..? e that had con: over
our municipal relations, and spoke of the necessity of a
similar reform in Ireland, the Corporations of which he re-
presented as consisting of the most worthless characters.
Bailie FLEMING returned thanks. He, along with his
brethren of the Magistracy, had endeavoured to do their
duty ; but no thanks were due to them for that. They
were obliged to act correctly by public opinion, and the
gentlemen of the press. He might say with Burns, and
they all felt, that there were—
Chiels amang them takin' notes,
An' faith they'll prent them ;"
which certainly had its effect. Mr. O'Connell, since he
came amongst them, had inspired them with an evident de-
sire for further Reform, and had invigorated them with
courage to obtain a bloodless victory over the errors of our
Institutions. He gave " The liberal majority of the House
of Commons ; and in the gratitude and sopport of the
people m.ly they find a reward for past services, and an in-
centive to fui.re exertions."
Mr. MORGAN O'CONNELL, after a very modest and
suitable speech, gave " The new Constituency of Scotland,
who have so nobly done their duty."
Mr. WEIR, of the Argus, wh his usual eloquence, pre-
faced a toast to " Mr. Hume, and thanks to him for his
meritorious exertions in exposing the infamous Orange con-
spiracy." In the course of his speech, Mr. W. took occa-
sion highly to compliment Dr. Brewster, of the Abbey
Church, Paisley, who had honoured them with his presence.
Dr. M'FAYDEN gave " The Croupiers ;" and
Sir Jour' MAXWELL, one of them returned thanks. He
complimented Mr. O'Connell in a high degree, and hoped
he would take care to inform his countrymen of the warm
reception he had met with from Scotchmen. It was a
highly necessary thing indeed, that Scotchinen should be on
friendly terms with Irishmen ; for, should they be invaded
by a foreign toe the assistance of seven millions of men
would be no joke.—(Applause.)
Mr. RUTIIVEN, M.P. for Dublin, in a long and eloquent
speech, gave " The Right Hon. James Abcreromby ; and
may the Chair of the House of Commons ever be as wor-
thily filled."
Mr. WALLACE introduced by a short speech the toast
" Lord Mulgrave, and a conciliatory policy toward Ireland."
Mr. O'CONNELL proposed " The working classes, and
the diffusion of knowledge amongst the people—the
true security against despotism and anarchy," and spoke
at some length in -favour of the diffusion of know-
ledge. He took occasion to refer to the misrepresenta-
tions with which he said the Catholics had been as-
sailed, and stated as an incontrovertible fact, that no per-
soo had been persecuted in Ireland by the Catholics on
account of their religion. He said it appeared as if
the curse of God had fallen upon Catholicism in Eng-
land, on account a the persecutions with which Queen
Mary and the Catholic; had assailed the Protestants, and
on the other hand, it appeared as if the blessing of God
had fallen upon Catholicism in irelaand, just because in
that country no persecution had ever been directed against
the Protestants. In reference to the toast, he deprecated
any thing like legislative interference between master and
workmau.
Mr. JOHN TAIT of the Liberator, returned thanks, and
gave " The Liberty of the Press, and the abolition of all
taxes on knowledge."
Mr. WILLIAM DIXON gave ." The abolition of all sine-
cures and unmerited pensions." He observed that he had
given the same toast at public dinners during a period of
25 years, but the abuses still continued as great as ever.
Ho imputed the whole blame of sinecures and pensions
being still in existence to the House of Commons, whose
duty it was to withheld them.
Mr. THOMAS DAVIDSON gave'" The Earl of Durham,
and the Liberal minority of the House of Peers," in the
the cour§o of which he warmly eulogised that nobleman,
and Lords Melbourne and Brougham, whose exertions in
the cause of the people were above all praise.
Bailie Crum gave " Free trade with all the world."
Mr. PETER M'KENZIE, in a ueat speech, in the course
of which he paid a well•merited complimented to Mr. Wal-
lace, M.P. for Greenock, as an uncompromising advocate
of Reform, gave " Reform of the Laws and of the admini-
stration of justice in Scotland," which was drank amid loud
cheers.

COMMON COUNCIL.

(Continued from The Sun of yesterday.)
EXPENSES OF THE OFFICE OF LORD MAYOR.

•
On the motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the Report from the
Committee in relation to the duties and emoluments of the
several officers of the Corporation and the City's revenue,
was received and read. The following is an important pas-
sage in the Report :
" We beg leave further to certify, that in respect of the re-
ference whereby we were directed to examine and report upon
the actual expense of the Mayoralty, we directed Mr. Cham-
berlain and Mr. Town Clerk to prepare and lay before us state-
ments of the expenses incurred in building and furnishing the
Mansion-house, providing plate, repairs, and taxes ; the al-
lowances to the Lord Mayor, and the salaries and allowances
of various officers attached to, and connected with, the
Mayoralty ; and having received sundry returns in respect
thereof, and been attended by the various officers, we proceeded
to consider the same, and have annexed hereto, for the infor-
mation of this Honourable Court, a statement thereof, as Cul
the several returns and accounts upon which SllO4 statements
are founded ; by which it will appear, that the annual cost of
the Mansion house, reckoning the original outlay at such a
per tentage as we were advised by the Clerk of the City
Works,' and various expenses connected with and attendant
on the Mayoralty, a considerable portion of which is esti-
mated upon the averages of the actual expenditure of the
last seven years, amounts to the sum of 25,0341. 7s. Id., ex-
clusive of the expense of the justice-room at the Mansion-
house, amounting to 934/. 4s. ad, per annum. And we find
that beyond these amounts, the corporation had paid the sum of
54,9911. 4s. 7d. to the various officers of the Lord Mayor's
household, awl to the representatives of such of those officers
as have died since the period of the arrangement entered into
with them on the 30th of January, 1823, for the abolition of
the right of alienation of their respective offices, and which
cum is not included in the foregoingstatement,
„ filar) further report,.that the expenses of the plate fur-
nished for the Mansion-house, included in the said statement,
is exclusive of thesounitrb
ofafliOu cg/,
ofiusr,t. Dad.paatieddfotrilpislatseapdrdoavyideodf
Sept during the present Mayoralty, All which we submit to the
judpgtmioan3.
tof, this ll
Mr. WILLIAMS then rose, and was about to address the
Court, when he was interrupted by

Mr. Alderman WlLsorkt, who said that, before the Ho-
nourable Member proceeded with his Address, it was ne-
cessary that the Appendix to the Report, to which refe-
rence had been made in the Report itself, should be read
to the Court.

Mr. WILLIAMS—I do not think the reading Of the Ap-
pendix is at all necessary.

- Mr. Alderman WILSON---I am of a very different opi-
nion. I hold it would be irregular to proceed with the dis-
cussion of the subject before the Appendix is read, as that
Appendix is distinctly referred to in the Report.
Mr. WILLIAMS—In that case let the clerk read it.
The clerk then read the following statements, which were
listened to with the deepest attention by the Court :

STATEMENT REFERRED TO IN THE REPORT.
Original Outlay Estimated Rate
in Building, &c. of Value per Ct.
Estimated expense of build-
ing and furnishing the
Mansion-house, pursuant
to several orders of the
Court of Common Coun-

cil of the 30th April,
1730, 15th Sept. 1731, X. s.
.d.
and 11th June, 1734 70,985 13 5"

Expense of extraordinary
repairs and alterations... 5,043 7 3
Estimated value of the site

of the Mansion-house,

subject to the ground rent
chargeable thereon
Plate provided for the said
house, from the building .
to the 31st Dec., 1834 11,531 16 31
Expenses of providing li-
brary
Expense of providing the
State Barge, 1407. 2,579 17 1
Expense in relation to the
state coach in 1777-78 1,065 3 0

s. d.

Mr. WALLACE shortly returned thanks, and in doing so
complimented Mr. O'Connell for the great assistance he
had received at his hands, in his labours to reform the law
of Scotland.

Bailie HEDDERWICK gave " The French people, and
may the present eclipse of their liberties only be a prelude
to their establishment on a more durable foundation."

This concluded the toasts, and a number of the gentle-
men having previously retired, the CHAIRMAN suggested
that they should now separate, and in doing so, he had only
to say, " They were happy to meet, sorry to part, and
happy to meet again." After a hearty cheer had been
given for Mr. O'Connell, the company broke up at halt-
past eleven o'clock.

7L p. et. 5,322 0 7

BELFAST INVITATION DECLINED

BY MR. O'CONNELL.

It has for some days been known to the public that it
had been resolved at a numerous and influential meeting
of the Belfast Reformers, to invite the Learned Member
for Dublin to a public entertainment in the above town on
his return from Scotland. A requisition to that effect was
numerously signed, and a deputation appointed to wait on
Mr. O'Connell, requesting him, " as the friend of civil and
religious liberty, the strenuous advocate of reform, and the
powerful supporter of an Administration which promises
to do justice to Ireland," to accept the invitation. The
deputation had an interview with the Learned Gentleman
in Edinburgh, when he returned the following answer,
published in the Northern Whig, declining the intended
honour :

41. p. ct. 954 0 0

"TO JOHN SINCLAIRE, WILLIAM PIRRIE, AND THOMAS

o'HAGAN,ESqUIRES,

_ .
" Edinburgh, 18th Sept., 1835.
" SIRS—I am altogether unable to express the deep
sense of gratitude I feel to you, gentlemen, in particular,
and to all the friends of Reform in Belfast, who have done
me the Wpm to ioyite me tp a public dinper. lam On
more sensible of this kindness, as coming from persons be-
tween many of whom and myself serious topics of diffe-
rence, on many important points of politics, have existed ;
and whilst I respect the independence of these opinions,
and assert the same for myself, I rejoice, with an exceed-
ing greit jpy, that we approximate to each other pioN
closely 'md Ido hoO, that I o'l4ll cdfitinge to Brit' the
same flaterlFg'`seritiMOts'''lliey and yoq• nosy cgnyey to
me. Indeed .1 prize Ow hopg of their invitation at the
highest value. It is a proud day for me to receive it ;
'll nherisb, with great fervour, the kindness which
•

7/. p. ct. 1,141 4 2

and
the Reformers of Belfast are now so gvuu as 1.0 SnOW to-
wards me.
" Upon full consideration, however, I do beg leave, most

£116,182 3 6.
Expenses or repairs, &c., average of the list of years;
viz. :
Artificers
Furniture
Lighting and sundries
Library
Plate
Ground-rent and taxes, per ann.
Expenses of repairs of state barge (average)
Expenses of repairs of state coach (average)
Estimate of the annual value of the stabling and
coach-houses occupied by the Lord Mayor ...... 62 0 0
Moiety of the exrnse incurred by the Corporation
in fitting up Guildhall for the entertainment on
Lord Mayor's day, average........... .
Salary and allowances to the Mayor 4 from the Cham-
berlain, and from other tall Mal agreeable to the
return of Sir Petpr Laurie 7,904 1 3
Salarigil and allowances of various officers attached
to and connected with the Mayoralty :
Chaplain
Sword-bearer (average of seven years) 507 16 4
Common Cryer (ditto)
Water Bailiff (ditto)
Upper City Marshal (ditto) ......... 554 0 0
Uniform suit; 41.1!l ;,finer expenses 44 16 0
One lltarilillritan's salary, &c., same ave-

.. -
rage .
Uniform suit, Rte., ditto
Clerk of the Cocket-office, salary BO 0 0
Porter of ditto
Allowance to seven Trumpeters (average) 29 9 0
Ditto of the four Attorneys of the Mayor's
Court, in lieu of table
Allowance to Plate-butler and House-
keeper at the Mansion-house, 5/. 5s
each per annum
To Coachman and Postilion
To the following Officers of the Lord Mayor's house- -
hold, for such part of the allowances received by
them as relate to the duties connected with the
Mayoralty, as estimated by the Committee in their
evidence and returns, viz.:—
Charles Sewell, Yeoman of the Chamber 269 17 4
John Goldham, Sergeant of ditto
Ditto as Master of the Ceremonies
Isaac Whiting, Sergeant of the Chamber 277 18 8
John Crush Rogers, 3d ditto
William Rawlings, Sergeant of the Chen-
nett
Michael Memory Wright, First Yeoman
of the Waterside
Thomas Leaehman, 4th ditto
John Furnival, Under Water Bailiff 350 0 0
William Malpas, Common Hunts young

man v 350 0 0
George Cuthbert, Water Bailiff's second
young man
George Hughes, Sword-bearer's young
man
Joseph Leachman, Water Bailiff% trst
young rrman lOO 2 4
Henry Witham Sewell, officiating Yeo-
man of the Channel 25 0 0 3,763 13 2

X 25,034 7 1
Mr. WILLIAMS said that the Report having been read
he was sure the Court would excuse him if he made a
few observations in moving that the further considera-
tion of the Report be adjourned, and that in the mean-
time it be
.printed. The Court would recollect that when
he first brought this subject under their consideration, he
stated that the. expense the city was put to on account
of the office of mayor was 21,0001. a year. He believed
that the members of the Court could scarcely credit at
that time that the expenses were so great ; one member,
in particular, he meant the member for Farringdon, took
up the matter very warmly, and complained of the state-
ment as one which inquiry would most certainly show to
be incorrect. The result was, that a motion was made
for an investigation, and the Committee, of which he had
acted as chairman, was appointed to conduct the in-
quiry. Of that Committee. he would take this opportunity
to say that it had devoted the greatest possible attention
to thp, sabject and he was most happy also tostate, that
vvvry member of the Committee who had attended the
investigation, with the exception of two who were out of
town, had signed this Report.—(Hear, hear.) He
now found that, so far from his original statement having
been incorrect, it was 4,0001. less tan thc actual amount
of the cost.—(Hear, hear.) This arose from his having
,91411 e g1.44s at the value of the Mansion house, which,
awous to avoid exaggeration, he had co:—
short, by what he had stated, of the real —tamed
peared, then, that here they 110 amount. It ap-
show of which along -- • an office, the pageantry and
_., cost them upwards of 25,0001. a year.

near, hear.) He really thought that when the
citizens came to contrast the duty performed with the
amount of this expenditure, they would be very likely to en-
tertain the opinion that such an expenditure ought not to

continue. The Hon. Gentleman then 'Tve77i7o7e7cami.-
/
nation of some of the statements contained in the report.
The Committee found, that the costs of the fittings-up of
Guildhall for the annual dinner was, on an average of the
last seven years, .528/. It had been said that the Sheriffs
!paid one-half of this sum ; but on referring to the books,
they had not been able to find that credit had been given
for any such payment on the part of the Sheriffs. It was
also ascertained that there had been 4,5001. ex
I%lpended in
plate for the -house-house since the-pew 1711. Th,.
was a grqa di-4 of plate at the *Mansion-house r-' re,
that pciriod, and they could., in)
u trace of its ;• viler to
no
paid for out
..,ained that it
91 thq rjity dash. They had as,.
ep, 49:ving been
had been
e
''resented to the City by pers,7:..
..is who. had served
I,
cue office of mayor. Now he th• .
-,llight this altogether a
pretty decent quantity of plot-..e for a mayor.—(Hear, and a
laugh:) In giving the e
.I.,:tnnate, and stating the average, he
left out of the accor.•
for the Mansion .
...alt a sum of 6081. expended for plate
-''house,
and during the last year.
A Mer'focr of -the Court asked by whose order. wak 'Coat
Ple-Z, Paid fsr, ?—( Hear, hear.)
Thi• LORD MAYOR—It was 11-- ,-
_
-1 my ar,...er.—(A laugh,
d loud cries of " Hear, her
Mr. WILLIAMS said #.1.1e Lord 'Mayor had no right to
deal with their cafe as he pie,
"sed—(Cheers)—but, in point-
-
of `'- i .
"Act, t was not the Lord Mayor's order that had been
acted upon ; the Chamberlain was bound not to have com-
plied with it ; but the order was given by that irresponsible
power the L;ourt of Aldermen, which gave a pension to
the Recorder without the sanction of this Court.--(Hear,
hear.) He thought that the Report of which he Was speak-
ing
fully established the necessity of some reform in the
Court of Aldermen.—(Cheers.) He 136ked to add, that
the Committee had examined r.. 1.1 the details with great
care, and they had. appeaded to the Report every item,
which made up the gross amount of 25,000/. Some of
the itQilla they had experienced difficulties in comin a
They had written to those Aldermen who had_
fiUe thet. office of Mayor, and more surprised at the vfmetanee they
showed to produce their accents ; indeed., Sir Peter Laurie
was the only exception ; from him elfzine had they received
a reply.
Mr. T/CKNELL admitted that lie had complained of the
statements of the Hon, Gentleman, as to the cost of the
office of mayor ; and he wished to be understood as continu-
ing to protest against it, till, after grave consideration, it
Was found to be correct. Notwithstandinc, what he heard
of the Report of the Committee, he could not believe that
the pageantry and show of the office cost so much as
25,0091. a year. The office of the chief magistrate of .the
capital of this great empire was one of considerable honou7
and utility ; and if he who filled it were called by any other
'
name than that of Lord Mayor, still the duties w0u1.4"
to be performed. The Lord Mayor was C remain
the river Thames, and in that capacity al`:,ne hanservator e
had of
i
tant duties to perform. But he woul:" not go into mpor-
ter pour, as there would be an or;„.the mat-
at greater length hereafter.
Mr. TAYLOR said the lion. Chairman of the Committee
had stated the amw7.-dt of plate purchased in the last year,
and in an averse of years ; but could he say what had been
the anantit expended in plate during the one or two pre.
years 2---(Hear, hear, hear.)
..
Mr, WILLIAMS said that the Contlnittee had thought it
most fair to get the returns for thelast seven years, and then
strike the average. They would have been justified in ad-
a larger e ding the 6081., bi
`...had determined not to do so, that being
t'venditure than usual.
OM TAYLOR said that as 2881. a-year was the ave-
rage for seven years, and the sum of 6084 was excluded,
he presumed the expenditure must have been verylittle in
one year.

M. WILLIAMS replied, that during the two mayor-
alities of Sir John Key, there was no expenditure for plate.
—(Hear, hear.) He did not know whether this was attri-
butable to the indisposition of Sir John Key to expend the
money, or to the indisposition of the Court of Aldermen to
allow it.—(A laugh, and cheers.) As to the Lord Mayor
being Conservator of the Thames, there was an allowance
of 3,1901. exclusively for that, and which was not calcu-,
lated in the account.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. Alderman WILSON said that he did not rise to op-
pose the printing of the Report ; on the contrary, he
thought it highly desirable, after what had been said, that
the Report should be printed. He could not allow it t
go forth to the public without contradiction, that the office
of Lord Mayor put the Corporation to an expens•:; of up-
wards of 25,0001. a year : it would be grossly misleading
the public to let it go forth that the cost of the office was
anything near that amount.—(Hear, Lear.) He should
be much surprised if, when gentlemen got the Report home.,
and examined it calmly, they did not find that thy, ex-
pense
was really not more than half what it had b,p_en es-
timated
at. In his opinion, the calculations na,
Report were most unfair. It was said that tl- ...de in the
,e office cost
25,0001. a year ; but he begged to ask of
this statement, whether they thought tir f:nose who made
at if the office were
abolished, it would ircrease the..
by 25,000/. per anr,um.—(Cties • r.inamberlain's balance
of " Oh, oh !") The cal-
culations seemed made wi . view to promote the objects
h I)
of those r:ao desired totlli the office of Lord Mayor.
--(No, no.) He w‘ o.(1. ,
say that such is the object of the
aLeport.

Mr. TAYLP_;R--•-•TIIC object is to keep them honest.—
(A laugh.
(TMr. Alderman WILSON—To keep whom honest ?
i,aughter.)
Mr. TAYLOR--Why the Mayor and Aldermen.
Mr. WILLIAMS said that all he had recommended was,
that irresponsible power should be taken from the Alder-
men.—(Cheers.)
Mr. Alderman WILSON did not mean to deny that there
might be a good deal of judicious curtailment, and that
there were some useless offices which might be got rid of,
but he objected to this being made a ground for abolishing
the office of Chief Magistrate. The honour and credit of
the City of London required that they should have a Lord
Mayor. As to the cost, he believed it would be found to
be not half the amount of the estimate. If they abolished
the office of their Chief Magistrate, they would not thereby
effect the reduction they expected of the expenditure charged
under that head. For instance, he supposed the Court
would still have its Marshal in uniform. •
Mr. LAURENCE objected to worthy Aldermen going into
details when the subject was to be hereafter discussed.
The LORD MAYOR--110 not interrupt the worthy AI.
derman.
Mr. LAURENCE—I have a right to rise to order, arid I
think it very indecorous in the Lord Mayor to endeavour
to stop me.
The LORD MAYOR—You have no right to interrupt a
speaker.

Mr. LAURENCE—I have a right, Sir ; I haYe a right.
Mr. Alderman WILSON resumed, and continued to stig-
matize the report as calculated to mislead the public.
Mr. TAYLOR thought it better to, avoid going into the
Report now, as it was to be printed, and they were to have
time for its due consideration. lie considered it possible
that it might contain some errors, but they would not be
found very material.

The LORD MAYOR said they must felicitate themselves
on the result of the inquiry which had satisfied them that a
more fallacious attempt could not have been made. He
could conscientiously declare, as T,..,0rd Mayor of London,
that the charge was most P...;iacious. In his person and
that of his predecessors, tbr..: cost would be found to amount
to not half the cost est;:inated.
The motion was t',len agreed to.
Lord

-.JAn Russell's father-in-law was a true Tory,
and as 'we learn from the Devizes Gazette, dealt damnation
witLa the most exemplary liberality—if without reason not
wholly without rhyme, as the following moreeau exemplifies:
" RADICAL REFORM.
" Abjuration of Almighty God.
Murder justified.
Robbery and plunder justified.
The Law and Glory of England,--All corporate
Bodies, and all social Order subverted.
All Ranks and Distinctions levelled.
The belief in a future existence derided.
Every Pauper to elect Representatives in
Parliament, altho' he has nothing to represent."
MELANCHOLY EVENT.—LISBON, SEPT. 15.--
Mr. Lowther, an English officer in the liberatjmg army, died
on the 12th, of consumption. A melancholy circumstance
attended his death. One hour after he expired, his mother
landed from the packet with a physician she brought pur-
posely from England to attempt his cure. This.poor lady's
grief may be more easily conceived than described.
PICKPOCKETS.—A correspondent complains of the
want of due vigilance on the part of the police. He states
that he has had his pocket picked twice, at noon-day, within
the last week.
SINGULAR AND DETERMINED CASE OF SUl-
ClDE.—Yesterday afternoon an inquest was holden at the
sign of the Duke of Wellington, in North-street, Bethnal-
green, before Mr. Baker, the coroner, on the body of Wil-
liam Smith, aged 34 years, who had drowned himself in his
water-butt. It appeared from the testimony adduced, that
the deceased, who latterly was an occasional labourer in the
WeSt India Dock, had been formerly regularly employed
by the. St. Katharine's Dock Company, but for some reason
or other, which did not appear, had lost his berth there.
This circumstance, together with his not being able to get
constant work at the est India Dock, had been the cause
of much uneasinesP to him. On Tuesday night he was
very restleo::, and frequently a.t.z:Z;xe his wife by his excia,..
t;-• • his sleep about the Docks, At five on
-z,";
morning his wife missed him out of bed,. ednesda;
perceiving that
his hat was still in the be,:i-.;;;01. , -
:Lie instantly got up and
went down std;;. in 1004., o'f him, and in a short time per-
ceived his feet sticking out of the water-butt in the yard.
She gate an alarm, and a neighbour came to her assistance ;
but life was quite extinct. The Jury returned a verdict—
" That the deceased ,had thrown himself into the water-butt,
head foremost, while labouring under temporary insanity."
