IN THE MATTER OF GRACE, A FEMALE SLAVE.

This was an appeal from the Court of Antigua. A
female slave, named Grace, was brought to England in
1810, in a domestic capacity, and exported from England
to Antigua sometime afterwards, and upon her arrival re-
turned into a state of slavery. She was claimed by the
Officers of the Customs in Antigua, as forfeited to the
Crown, having been imported into the island, illegally, and
against the provisions of the Slave Consolidation Act.
The case involved a question of great importance to
slave dealers.

The further arguments were postponed, under the sug.
gestion of the Court.

LAW SITTINGS.

Sittings appointed in Aliddle3ex and London, before the
Right Hon. Sir William Draper Best, Knight, Lord Chief
Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, at West-
minster, in and after Trinity Term, 18=27.

IN TERM.

MIDDLESEX. LONDON.
Wednesday June 20. Thursday, June 21.
Thursday,June 28. Friday, June 29.

AFTER TERM.

Thursday, July 5. I Friday, July 6.
N.B.—The Court will sit at one o'clock on June the
20th and 21st; and at half-past nine precisely on each of
the other days.

THE MARKETS.—(THIS DAY.)
HAY 111 A RKETS.—( At per Load of 36 Trusses.)
sr. JAMES'S.
t. s. s s. s,
Lowland Mead. Hay 4 10 to 5 10 Clover flay 4 15 to 7
Upland Ditt0....... 515 7 0 Oat Straw
Rye-grass Hay .. . ... 15 7 0 Wheat Ditto
Meadow Hay has again advanced from ss. to 10s. per load.
Prices of Clover Hay and Straw stationary. Supply short, and
trade brisk.

s. L. s.
Clor. Hay generally .11 Sto 7 0
Do. extra fine 0 0 710
Oat Straw I 14, IIS
Wheat Ditto llB 2 2
Clover Hay ss. to lUs., per load
priee,, of Straw no alteration.
rade.

SMITHFIELD.
X. s. £. s.
Lowland Meal. Hay 4 sto 5 5
Upland Ditto 5lO 610
Rye-grass Hay SIO 610
New Meadow Hay 0 0 0 0
' Meadow Hay from sa. to IN.,
higher than on Saturday. In
Supply very short, and a brisk

PLYMOUTH, JUNE 9.

From the approaching visit of his Royal Highness, the
Lord High Admiral, and some additional circumstances
which render it highly probable that his Majesty will
honour Saitram with his presence this year, both this town
and Devonport are fast filling with company. The Hotels
are crowded with families of distinction, and we anti- iate
a gay summer. The arrangements for the Regatta are in
a state of forwardness, and we arc gratified to fin_: that the
subscriptions will enable the Committee to produce this at-
tractive spectacle on a scale of liberality, exceeding all
former years. The undermentioned noblemen and gentle-
men have consented to act as Stewards, Admiral Earl
Northeek, Earl of Morley, Earl of St. German's, Lord
Eliot, Sir John St. Aubyn, Bart., Rear Admiral Brooking,
Richard Arthur, Esq. Mayor, and Edmund Lockyer, Esq.
It is expected that his Grace the Duke of Bedford will also
allow his name to be added to the list.

His Royal Highness the Lord High Admiral has signi•
fled his intention of dining with the Naval Club on his at,
rival here.

The .Enterprise steamer has not yet returned into dock.
She still lies in Catwater, waiting orders from London.
LAR A BRIDGE.—It is fully expected that this bridge
will be open to the public by the middle of next month.
Three out of the five arches are completed, and the other two
are far advanced. The approaches on either side are also com-
plete, and the noble proprietor is building a handsome inn
near the bridge on the Saltram side. The Celerity new
coach runs daily over the new line of road to Totness, cross-
ing the Lara in tke Flying Bridge.
We understand that upwards of 5000 quarters of Indian
corn have been imported into Ireland, chiefly from Liver-
pool, within the last few weeks, for the ose of the poor of
that country.
We understand the ci-devant Captain Johnson, of Wal-
cheren notoriety, is the person deputed to sell the rich
and rare treasures at the Exchange, on Monday next,
which are condemned in his Majesty's Exchequer.
We understand that the Mayor and Commonalty of this
borough unanimously determined at a Common Hall, held
yesterday, to present his Royal Highness the Duke of
Clarence, on his intended visit to this Port, with a Con-
gratulatory Address, on his appointment to the situation of
Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom.--Dtvonport
Telegraph.

PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
NOTICES OF MOTIONS FOR THIS DAY.

1. Dr. Lushington—Motion respecting the people of colour

in the West Indies.
2. Mr. Staney—Motion on the subject of the alteration of
the law relating to the employment of the able-bodied

Poor.
3. Mr. Goulburn—Bill to amend the Irish Tithe Compo-
sition Act.
ORDERS OF THE DAY FOR THIS DAY.

1. Dissenters' Marriages Bill—Further consideration of
Report.
2. Constables Presentments Bill—Third reading.
3. Prerogative Court (Ireland) Bill—Report.
4. Union of Parishes (Ireland) Bill—Report.
5. Sites of Public Buildings Bill—Committee.
6. Court of Exchequer Examiners (Ireland) Bill—Com-
mittee.
'7. Coventry Magistracy Bill—Third reading.
S. Alehouses Licensing Bill—Report.
9. Game Bill—Further consideration of Report.
10. Militia Bill—Committee.
11. Carriage of Parcels Bill—Committee.
12. Excise Duties Bill—Committee.
is. Consolidated Fund Bill—Committee.
14. Butter Trade (Ireland) Bill—Committee.
15. Glass Bill—Committee.
16. Exchequer Bills (13,800,0001.) Bill—Committee.
17. Advances for Public Works Bill—Committee.
18. Bishop of Cloyne's Estate Bill—Committee.
19. Supply—Postponed Resoludon (28th May) respect.,
ing water communication in Canada, to be considered.
NOTICES GIVEN YESTERDAY.
Tuesday, June 19.
Lord John Russell—Bill to enable the town of Man-
chester to send two Representatives to Parliament.
Thursday, June 21.

[r. Ferguson—Seleet Committee to inquire into the law
r,pecting ►anded property in the possession of British
subjects in the East Indies, and ether matters within
the jurisdiction of his Majesty's Courts established
within the territories subject to the East India Com-
pany.
