NAVAL NEWS.

PLYMOUTH, Jusa Soanish Lugger
which arrived yesterday was not a Vei,el sent irons
Spain with dispatches,as was then supposed, but
was captured by the Orestes Sloop of War. She i4l
very fine Lugger,:qiiite pew, pierced for 22 guns,
two "only mounted when taken, was bound from
St. Sebastian's to the Carraccas, with part of a cargo
of valuable goods, and taken by the Orestes after s
chace of several. hours, during which she threw all
her guns overboard except two; she made no re.
aistance.
Sailed the Pomons Frigate, having near-Admitli.
HARVEY'S Flag at the miaen, for the ChAnnei. Fleet,
on board one of which Ships lie will shift his Flag:
The Caledonia. of 120 guns, was launched
evening at half-past five o'clock, and formate*
without • a single accident occurring, auadst one Of.
the largest assemblies of speaators, that, pees.
ever before attended to witness so grand a sigkt,--
She went off in a most majestic style, and is,
out doubt, the largest Ship in the world; bar or,
pearauce on the bosom of Old Ocean was Old is
the extreme, and the acclamations of the inrgOr,
multitude on the occasion were heard for Sever 4
miles round the adjacent country. She- was JO.'
into Dock immediately afterwards to be eeilet3l_,.. -
after which she will be fitted for sex with all ploo
dispatch.

PORTSMOUTH, JUNE 97.—Yesterday arrived IN'.
Bonne Citoyenne Sloop of War, with a loalintOOK
from the Downs.
Sailed yesterday La Coquette Sloop of War, ani
Escort Gun-brig, on separate cruizes.
Armed this day the Defender Gan•brig,
convoy from the Downs, among which are, the Ihr
loam, SINCLAIR, for Demerara.
Sailed the Crocodile Frigate, , with a coot O-
Cork ; among which are the Ardent, Titostsool
Thetis, DAVISON, Hannah, DOUGLAS, and 2.1114.46
Transports ; also the Royalist Sloop 01 Vl°
for the Eastward.
Passed by yesterday the. St. "Man's, of 64 OA
with eight Sail of homeward-hound East IndialOP,

YARMOUTH, JUN& 27.--Arrived yesterdah
from a cruise off the 'read, the Majestic, Bell'
phon , Tigre, Minotaur, Warspite, Triumph, NossWi°
and Stately.

FALMOUTH, JUNE !A.—Sailed the Ship Diawg's
Captain CRETCHILL. for Quebec.
The American Ships /Vary, EvAss, and Soils!"
for New York, joined the Quebec Fleet off 1411
Port.

SFIEERNESS, JUNE 25.—Artived the Certerta,4
tbe
32 guns, from the Downs, and proceeded op -
River to be paid off
Went out of harbour and anchored at the PO
His Majesty's Gun-brig Centinel, Lieut. KING*

Arrived the Aggressor Gun-brig.
Sailed His Majesty's Ship Invincille, of 74 gLIPS'
Capt. Do NELLY, and the. Bloodhound for Deal.
Passed by a few Sail for the River.
Came into harbour His Majesty's Ship prakt•
DEAL, Jurrs r.i—Sailed his Majesty's ships Oil'
and Blazer, on a Cruize.

Conic, JUNE 92.—This mornia(* ,111.1„c
Frigate rirginie, Capt. 13ttt.c2, arrived in `"Q"
from Piymouth.

The Minerva, GARDNER, from Jamaica, l''' `irrive‘t.
at. Bristol :- she parted from the Fleet phut a tort'
natighdi:fresirnecnet,taiint
Elizabeth,s: !ime it did not consist dr iii air
than 60 or 70 Sail, the remainder having
idP3r3
741%.,
NTEhlve followingyoa,uisA
By theY
York, letters
.
a:rnrieeLtraaT6tthfuDrtoiegmriri
confearevogisi:l;!!!
L making no preparation for War, the mOsl iticr.pi,
nble means are still taking to keep up the pahlie:l4.
met, y against England by the PreSidellt I,in"
SON a party. 1i
tt This day the bones of some Americato w", ,ie.' .
died. on board English prison-ships during the i:lo.cls
aserAelt)nareer(iic.i
funeral
War, wt.re_ (dug up, and re-inferred with 17113,i...
tish),'ne" ilnpao rntopal b(
will be Surprised to .hear, that the Legislator c 0.-
State has granted a sum of money to dens)? t:,"
pence of a procession so disgraceful to hurn3ll"l. t
101 gr
trnheuirldererceedpitiiottl.b,e,fl:l,vids
f Pos.'
The French shore in themeighboerhood 0 v,
present most deplorable scene of old Clitior
Abbeys, and Houses in a state of ruin. -4°rd .aiiii
BIER looked into Brest yesterday sennight't
there were lying in Bertheutne Itoads, 00 7V ood'
Frigate, and a Sloop ; and in Carnaret llaa";' or,.
7_4,„a Frigate, and smaller vessels. It W3`l nu°tic,
11.901 their situation and, appearance, tint inbenwol
of these Ships to put to. sea the moineot the
3teil
Would let them, Itid not the Chaotic! Fleet aPi:;6O '
on the Coast. The followii,,, was Lord G'l`l(.; OP
farce on going in :—kille derParis, 110, l'°r" FitYi
BM ; Dreadnought, 98, Rear-Admiral Siqn 'go
KtPtatte. 98 ; Royal George, 100 ; St. Lie°l.s;dialit
Tonnant ~80 ; Rear:Admiral De Cowles i ; ; -,,,0 , 1
7,4, ; ' imi'Orm-1, 74 ; Valiant, 74 ; Pontone. Sir,oo4 I
L'ilamPion Frigates ; and six Gaff-Brigs and '
q ter,
The Thsrrne Pilot-boat, B. NIJTCHSI.I.) .ri'ls. yr'
the Bth May, performed the pasage front 1111./1,11,
phia to New York, a distance of 27d mil 'i .....
short period of 20 bouts. ...

. .
S7'ATE PAPERS,
1it7111.1511715 nk7 TILE DIoNITEUR AS THE DOCUMENT
, ACCOMPANYING THE ACCESSION OF JOgEPH EUO-
NAYATE TO THE THEONE.6F SPAIN : : -

,
ADDRESS (44 THE SUPREME ftli N"TA 'OF THE
GOVERNNIENT •FO HIS' MAILSTV::THE'EM-
PEROR.AND KING.
" Those who at critical and.dif4vdtiTriodi are
placed nearest the. Government, and VVltli Wei-teat all
times shown themselves to be good and faithful sub-
jeas, cdn and ought- to avow their sentiments when
the welfare of their country requires it.
"Convinced that the. condition of Spain and all its
concerns demand the closest .connealion with that
political systeth of the eipPir'e which your Majesty
governs with so much glory, we-consider that the
greatest .proof of kindness to the :Spaniah nation,
Which. our Sovereigns ever gave, is: their hav-
ing fixed their last determination on •an immove-
able basis, and confirmed by a long serietg poll
tical*events.
" 0 that there were no Pyrennees !raff ti's`'`Wa the
constant wish of gond' Spaniards'beirittsdr there
C out he no Pyrennees, whenever the wants vf each
Should be the same, when confidence should be re-
turned again, and each of " the two m.
oil:ins nave re-
ceived, in • the sante degree, the respeetlliie to their
independence and worth.
" The interval which yet separates us from this
happy moment cannot now be long. Your Imperial
Majesty, who ,foresees every thing, and executes
theni still More-swiftly, has chosen for the provi-
. sianal Government oUSpain, a Prince e‘ductited for
---thilfirt-of-6OArt.tnment in. the .great school •of ,your
IVallielq,, He has succeeded in stilling the boldest
sterms,by. the moderatioh and wisdom of his meh-
sures. What have We not, therefore, to hope from
Lis deeds, now, that, all Spaniards unite to devote to,
him that admiration to which he has so many claims,'
aid assist hint in those labours which he applies for
our service ! • - '•''
The 'Spanish 'Monarchy shall resnme the rank
Which belongs to it among the Powers of)::nrope,
as
soon as sit- is. united by a new family 'compact to its
natural ally, whose power is so gloat ~.Whoever•
.the Prince may be whom your Majeacif.destines for
us, chosen from among .your illustriouafgOly, he
Will bring that security we so much need: but
Spain can urge a plea which none of the other coun-
tries conoeciteil with your Majesty can dispute.
-•" The Spanish Throne rises .to-a greater height.
The cons, glOrices arming front its relations to France
are of an importance commensurate with the extent
of its lu"Seisions.. it seems, therefore, that the
Throne itself calls for.your Majesty's eldest brother
to govern it. Ott the other side, it is a.happy pre-
sage that this arrangement, which tware;:ltals coo-
firmed, so well corresponds with 001- sentiments of
reverence @nd admiration with which the actioas of
this Prince, and the wisdom ofbis*GOVernment,had
inspired Us.
" The Council of. Castile, whoseNtisdom com-
manded their. giving all the support to these princi-
ples. which stood in their power, unites with the
Wish of the Supreme Junta.
" May God grant prosperity to your Imperial and
Royal Majesty. !
" Madrid, May 13, 1808."

'LETTER FROM:HIS EMINENCE THE CARDINAL.
ARCHMSi-lOr OF TOLEDO TO HIS MAJESTY
THE EMPEROR AND KING,
" The resignation .of the Spanish Crown, which
has been made by King CHARLES IV. my illustrious
Sovereign, and the confirmation of, the same by
their Royal Highnesses the Prince of AsTuatiks,.and
the Infants Don CARLOS and Don ANTONIO, 1111..
rose upon me, accoNing to GOd's will, the pleasing-
obligation of laying at the feet of your Imperial and
Royal 'Majesty the assurance of my homage, fide-.
lily, 'and reverence.' May your Imperial at7d Royal
Majesty be graciously pleased to •look upon- mc
as
one of your moat dutiful subjects, 'mid nista-u6l.Me
concerning your high purposes, that j.jaahbe fur•
Wished with the means of Illanitoting my unfeigned
and zealous submission.
" May God preserve your Imperial and -Royal
Majesty many years, for the service of Church and
State I"
" Toledo, May 22, ipos.!:' • ,

PROCLAMATION BY TUB SUPERIOR JUNTA OF TIM
GuVERNMENT.
" SPANIARDS ! •
" Th 6 Superior Jiinta of the Government, con-
.
tisting of the first Magistrates-of Nation, this
day assembled; address you, in order to remove the
• errors which the evil-disposed and the ignorant en-
deaVour to make you believe and cherish. Wretch-
. ed errors, which might produce incalculable evilS; if
the • !upre,ne authority did not hasten to destroy
them in the birth.
.11 The Junta, confident that those wl:o at all
on all occasions; have li,tened with re.
sped to Ow voice of thJir Magistrates„ and will not
lesi' incline their ear, and display submission, •when
the question is for them, either to secure their prOs-
perity for ever, by uniting theMselVes with the first
• Authorities of t he State, or to labour for the destruc,
lien of ti.eir native land, by lendin,,, themselves to
those •cornmotions into which the e;ernal 'enemies
of thin glerylind.prosperity of Spain seek to throW
the.M. se
"'At a moment when, is Spain, a country
favoured by nature, but irepeverished,
• ex-
hausted, and disgraced in, the en-, ofall Europe, by
the defeds and misrule of its Goveremerit, the pe-
riod of its complete annihilation - .approaching
when the very efforts which had been made for the
renewal of its debilitated Powers, ,had Only Served to
aggravate its di.asters, and to plunge it in new mis•
loituries; iNheo, in short, no longer any hope re-
mained, Providence has presented us with the
means, nut only, of averting the destriaion Of
our country, but even of raising it up to a''degree of
prosperity and splendour which it never reached
tacti in the most illustrious periods of its history.
By one of those political revolutions which amaze
thou only who are inattentive to the progress of
- events, the Houie of Bourbon saw itself driven from
those thrones which it possessed in Itiurive, except
that of Spain, the only one which'it .still retained.
After having reduced the nation'vto,rti'e. last stage of
weakness and decay, deprived 61-that support which
they had hitherto deri‘ed from .the other branches
of itheiriamily, those relations could not be main-
tained which had before thew with France, it
lagcilme imiit,bbible for the Bourbons to 'maintain

themselves on the hrone,yfrem whited ail theiinter-
! trifling- changes Ofllfd'political System Obliged them
to descend : the mightiest Prince in Europe has re-
ceived the abdication of the Bourbons, not An incor-
porate your territory with his own kingdom, which
is already so extensive, but to establish the Spanish
Monarchy on a new basis, thus employing his
irresistible power for the purpose of operating those
wholesome reforms which we have long wished for.
It is-with this view that he summoned the Deputies
of the Cities, of the Provinces, and of the State.
Councils, into his illustrious presence, in order to
consult them , with. regard to those fundamental
laws which must form the security of sovereign
anthority, and of the fidelity of the subjeas: He
will place the Crown of Spain on the head of a
noble-minded Pince, who will know how to attach
to himself all hearts,'by the worth of his chara&er :
he will exert means which no other man has in his
power; and soon place Spain in that rank ti.Om which'
she has fallen by-the weakness alone of these Princes
who have hitherto governed her. When the morr-.
ing of pur prosperity dawns, is it possible to con-
ceives. that Men incapable of the high destiny prepar-
ed lor them, who lay, claim to the honourable.thle
. of. true Spaniards, and upright' friends of their coun-
try, should, seek to deceive you, and give us up,to
all the horrors 'of civil. war, at the very moment
when the hero, who is the author of ourpreent
blessings, and must be, the wonder of posterity, was
fully employed in the developement of those plans
which he had formed for the pfospeilty of Spain.=
Certainly the Junta of
,the Government wish to re-
move this error on the part of the Spaniards,. so
praiseworthy for their patriotism and in the mean
time they at' present' see with pain, that some per-
sons, led-away by an inconsiderate zeal, and by the
-anxieties of a mistaken loyalty ; that others misled
with respe& to the true situation at their country,
and above all by the secret agents of a hieaile nation,
actuated by envy of the prosperity of the Coninient,
have been able to lead into„ 'a spirit of error a part.of
the good inhabitants of some of the provinces, and
to sow „the seeds of disunion and insurrection.—
Brave Spaniards I should you permit yoursokes to
be deceived by their deceitful etences ?, Understand
you not, that those who in such critical circumstan-
ces become the apostles of, insurrection, and Coutp,tl
you to dis Obey your superiors, are the true enemies
of your country.? What do those exciters of uproar
and dissent ton aim at ? is it the restoration of your
old Monarch ? These ans out of Spain :--,-w hat can
they- expel from your impotent efforts ?--is it to
defend the: laws on which 'you make your we're
prosperity to depend ? '';\.rho then thinks of ai pal-
ing them.? On the contr;try, is it not in contem-
plation to restore to.the nation its ancient feedom
and driginal constitOion, a blessing e hieh it has only
heen permitted us *ithin these tew days to think of ?
Mistaken inhabitants of the provinces, what would
you be at ? Will you bring down- upon your heads
all'the horrors of war, gee your fields laid waste, your
cities burnt, your habitations destroyed ? Think you
that a tuniultuous levy of brave inhabitants, without
military skill, without chiefs, without money, with-
out magazines, Without provisions, will • be able to
withstand experienced armies, and soldiers grown
old in the habits of victory ? The Junta still flatters'
. itself that you will 'retied on,the fatal consequences
Nina your first steps must infallibly produce, if un-
fortunately a' foolish obstinacy prevent you from,
quickly returning to the path of submission and pa-
triotism, which a moment of error has 'perMitted
'you to desert. ,And to convince- you, that his only
object -is the better to iOStrnet you, that the Prince
who adores yoU, that the Emperor at the FRENCH,
'who holds our destinies in his h ind, has no other
view than to promote your prosperity, toe Junta will
make known to you the intentions of the new Sove-
reign who comes to mule you. Hear and judge:—
The Cortes, those ancient sureties of your freedotn,
will be re-established, more powerful and better
constituted than they had ever been ; they shall be
assembled at least every three *years, and as Often as
the wants of the' nation shall male their assembling
necessary. The 'yearly expenditure of. the Royal
Establishment shall, be. limited ; the sum taken out
of the .Iloyal Treasury for that purpose shalVnever
be increased; it shall only be the half of what kiss
hitherto been appropriated to the same puryose.—
The Roman 'Catholic Religion shall be exdusively
that of Spain ; no other worship shall be permitted.
Finally, the Junta. of Government have strung rea-
sons to hope that 'the personal contributions levied
during the present War will be considerobn diminish-
ed in consequence of the ',improvements which the
new Government intends Ita make in the mode of
its collem.uion ; and' while the warlike and pobtical
situation of Europe will require the greatest exer-
tions for increasing our marine, the diminution of
our land forces may be, hoped for. Add to this,
that useful reforms will be gradually'tnade in all
•the departments., public credit shall be restored, the
debt shall be fixed, and paid off in a few years.
" The administration of justice shall be made
certain by invariable rates. The Sovereign' autho-
rity shall not be permitted to influence its course.—
Agriculture will be enceurageds commerce animat-
ed, nod population inereased. The army and navy
will resume their ancient histre ; all the means cal-
culated' to secure general prosperity will be put in
motion. Judge, then, whether it is your interest to
draw your 'Swords,. in order that your own happi-
ness and that of your posterity may be prevented, and
whether • those who light up the fire of discord
among you are true Spaniards, and friends of -their
Country. You now know, Spaniards, the destiny
which awaits you if you preserve attiong yourselves
tranquillity and order, if you heartily unite with
your. Government. Every thihg tends to your bene-
fit, mid apprOximates the moment when your happi-
ness shall commence. But it you forget this whole
some advice of the Junta, you may dread the just
wrath of the Monarch, who will 'punish a blind and
obstinate criminality 'with as much severity as he
would nobly forgive the error of a moment. Are
you ignorant that numerous French armies are al-
ready in Spain? Do you not know that still more nu-
merous armies are now crossing the frontiers ? The
Provinces which do not immediately return to their
duty will be occupied by the French troops, and
treated with all the severity of Martial' Law. The
Lieutenant-General has already given orders for se-
' veral divisions to advance and punish the rebellious ;
but the Junta of the Government to save
several Provinces, in which distOrbance have coin-.
menced, from the danger which threatens them,
have, au the apelicidion, and to the tome of these

Pre'vinces; nektfowledged their error; and promised
to return to.cirder:, his Imperial Highues's leas gra
ciously accepted their :reqUest. He haS suspended.
the puniihment„of the guilty ; but that punisliment
will be .terrible. if the traitorous suggestions of-the
ev.iklisposed 'should have more power over the minds
of the Spaniardohan the paternal.voic.c of their Ma-
giAtiltes, their Clergy, and all theit Atithorities, Ci-
vil and Military."

ADDRESS OF THE DEPUTIES TO THE, GENE.
RAL EXTRAORDINARY. IUNI4.
•
",BELOVED SPANIARDS.--WORTITY COUNTRYMEN
" Your families, your fire-sides, your fortunes,
and your propdrty, are as dear and, ptecious to us as
our own ; and we wish you wereall ,here borateus,
that you might be assured of it.
" We ha.e -been as faithful and as attaebed,:to
our ancient dynasty as yourselves, till Divine Pro-
vidence which-disposes'orthrones and• sceptres, had
fixed the period of its duration. The greatest
States furnish us with a thousand instances of the
infinite power of Providence ; and the history% of
otAr own Country affords small` number of those'
in-stances.

"An irresistible ditty, and an. object as sacred as
our own 'felicity, have caused us 'to -- abandon Our.,
hearths, and brought us to the' invincible Emperor
of the French. We confess it e the contemplation
of his splendour' and power may have made n strong
-impression upon us, but we came with the deter-
mined resolution to ',make our renewed efforts in
behalf of A Monarchy whose prosperity is neCesithily
'couneaed with our own. But hoW great was our
when his Imperial and Royal Majesty
anticipated our solicitude by manifestations of be-
nrOlenee and affability, which excited the more
astonishment the greater his power is. • He has no
other desire than our Welfiire and prosperity. In
gigiugros a Sovereign to reign over us, it
his'
-il-
lustrious brother, JOiEPII, whose virtues are the ad-
Miration of his subjecits. •
".In occupying himself in the melioration of our
and the correction of- their imperfec-
otte that We may live according to the
ancienttions, thli;s i
s s , d
laws 61 justice equity. Weere he desires that
our -finance should receive a new organization, this
is to render our naval and military force powerful
and dreadful 'to our enemies, by avoiding all super-
fluous taxation. By a wise Admieistration, he is
rt44ohed to curt-ea ahuses ;to revive the national in-
dustry, by removing all the impediments which lie
in the way of commerce, end relieve us, as far as is iu
his power, front all those oppressions which have
annibieded our agriculture, and all our sources off,
enterpi
" Fin,iily, knowing the uprightness of your che.s
ratter, and your attachment to the worship of God,
he win. uoi • oppose your religious zeal. He assures
you, that you shall 'remit', even as your, ancestors,
your 1)04' Catholic religion, and that the same shall
reale, as at the present period, the sole and only
gaertung Church in the whole kingdom. And
whet is the reward which the great Emperor 'qf the
French demands under circumstances so momentous
to the nation.as these )
live in repose ;• that you should provide for your
households and families; that yoU shoed, not blindly
abandon yourselves to the fatal desolations which are
inseparable from resistance and rebellion ; that you
.should await, with peacefol confidence, the trielio
ration of your fates and fortunes, which ydu may
hope for from the Government of 4 virtuous Mo-
narch—which paternal care shall bring—which is
inseparable front his henigpity, and 'of which his
subjects have experienced the etfeetS.
Spaniards.! . worthy of a better fate, avoid the
dreadful. anarchy which threatens yon; think upon
yourselves, your families, and yner children. What
profit will you draw from dissentions kindled b'y
malevolence ? who are affluent, and peacefully
enjoy the property which your., • family
,ptisseSs
through the ibdustry or public services of your
cestors—,honest agriculturists, Who 1:;•now the sweets-
of domestic comforts---laborious mechanics; who
are happy in your own fire-sides,: surrounded by, all •
that is dear to you—industrious Merchants and ma-
nutaaurers, who wish to retain the produce of your
indnstry,and econorny—eitizens of all claSses, - who
live in repose with a moderate, bit sufficient
,
in-
come; Which ye owe to afegular life—bear in mind
into what an abyss you are about to plunge your-
selves, if you suffer yourselves to be misled by those
who excite you to disorder.,' You run in danger to
lose every thing in a moment. ;Wien do you h;ipe
for that can balance such great sacrifices? What
vain expectations glitter before yew' eyes, which can
render you disobedient to the powers which govern'
saver yoe, and Make you shake off the salutary yoke
of the laws ) Anarchy is the greatest scourge which
God can inflict upon a people : while it prevails, it
destroyi, 'loosens, consumes, and annihilateS every
thing, and the best. are commonly, it most certain
vi Inns. The sight cannot reach to the bettoni of
these calamities and hortorsany more than to the
shores of this sea of misery.
" Happy are ye that ye know not the-horrors of
civil wrir.,. Spain has long been freed from this
barter. Yet,in spite of the period which is Oapsea,
she is not yet' recovered from the calamities which,
during the first years of that age, she on that accontit
endured. Why are they no longer living who were
witnesses of it, that their experience might serve
to protea you against it ? You-will invite and tiring
them upon you, if you do not give afit hearing to the
voice of the Government, and listen to bur 'brother-
connsels. Alt how can you offer any resist-
ance to the' mighty force which will be utought
against you ?
". No man doubts Spanish valour ; we know
thafyou are able to attempt great things, to bid de-
fiance to dangers; bnt, without resources, disci-
pline, and concord, all those attempts would be vain.
The most numerous assemblies of people are scat-
tered befere a dikiplined
,army, like clouds before
the gentlest wind.
" No, do not flatter Yourselves that you Will gain
.
by contlitet
t, Youare neqeal, if not' bravery, at
least in resources. You must yield at last, and then
all will be lest. We cannot dissemble this. The
prosperity of the State depends alone upon the Una-
ninety and the uprightness with which we all cor-
dially unite with the new Government, and .co-opes
rate with it in the meliorations which it is preparing
for the benefit of our Country.
" We-are indeed fallen into a very hapless con-
elition-; and What else has brought us into this cot
ditiou but the obstinate, ut4eling, and unjust

land

•
vernroent, kuider virtual we have lived those Ittre'n't7
years ?' What remains for us to dL ? TO .befrite
subrniisi'vely; rinteeach for hire elf contribute foriile
organization of the new Gitexttrilent, upon .
pies which cannot be shakeh,' which nwy preserve-
the freedom,. the rightS, and the property of each:in7
dividual. This is what the ~inviticible N446.1;120*
requires, who is employed in:providing for our feli-
city,
who Will, deserve tirflirr Country; and gain
,front posterity, the 31)0114,16On of its restorer. Let ui
ptice no impediment in the Way of this regeneration,
nor of the great good which wilt arise from our close s
union with our mighty Ally.
• " Such are the feelings Which his Highness the
Lieutenant General of the Kingdool, the Junta, the
C, uticil of CaStilefliell the supreme power of 'the
nation have endelvoured to impress; and these are •
eso those-with Which-we wish to see you penetrit...
et!, that; returning t9altqfm And order, you may .
await el ery
.thing frotn,,ljiitriighty and beneficent
hand .upon which we all 'd(4peri4;
-" May Heaven ,gi-ant Sincere remon-
strance, suggested- to. us -14 .yfi:e purest patriotism;
may have-the salutary eirea.:-oiipressing the doiigut
of the rebellions, who. litbpqrAo•iticite you to
der, and,ol establishing; Iteticefortli, peace and cots;
fitlende among you !"

PARTS, JUNE t 6.—Frorn Italy we learn that his
Excellency Marshal Duttoo, Grand Ma—Ho of
the Pakee, has received the title of Duke of FR' tota,-,

The departure of ling CHARLES and QUeett
MAitte. front, Fontainbleau to Campeigne ha's Nett
deterred several days.. His Majesty is in good health,
Oleo music- every day, and often hunts.. "
• Peale,. RuFaalur,4{...,liamberliiin of his Maje
Emperor Or RUSSIA, Is arrived at Paris.
Gen., OUDINOT is gone to Plombieres to take the,
waters for the recovery, of his health. '
VENICE, MAY 30.—The English Admiral Cot-
L.z.Nowrion, who,' about two months since left the
Ar..hipelago, has returned thither with , a part of
his Fleet ; theY)ther part, :tinder-411e email-lane of.
Minh al TIIORNBR biJC ki; • rt.trained Off
It is asSerted, that- Adtniral STRAC iAN is now

cruizing between the Sartlinias- and the Balearic

•
The llus3ian Sicadron, which is in our port, is,
not yet waking any p'rei"s,aSitions for its departure.,--
The Fldet which was at Porto &dojo is now i) ing'
at Touloti.

NAPLES, JUNE few days since; a signal
was-made by telegraph; for ' a.Fleet of the enemy,.
Which aK eared to consist of. two Frigates, two Brigs,
three Bomb-vesselS, 24 Gun-bdats, and a great nton=
ber,of transports. From. their manseuvps on the
31st of May, and the'litt•iind 2(1 inst. it..plainly ap-
pemed that they intenittd to attempt" a ianding ott the
Island of Ischia, towa'rds' the. icle of St. Angela--;
(..IM' Gun-boats followed•the movements of the 'ene-
my, and termed in a line bete n Testaceeci antiSti
Angelo, theplace to which the endtny finally bent
his course. The aCtion'eommenced,and was fati:.
Dully kept uP for three houri.
Our Vessels sustained the engagement Without
being supported by the batteries on shore. The
Enemy shccred off, after one of their Frigates, one
Brig, one Botnb7Vesscl, and one Gun-boat were
dismAted, and two of the latter sunk, and must
have lost a great number of men. Our loss" aon
sists in 'l2 men wounded, and five killed. Among
the former is Mr. Colingm,e. ' This brave Officer,
notwithstanding his wounds., conducted MS thitille
back to Iseli;a.
_ _

The Enemy. steered back to the Wand of Pt117:11,
where they had fora long time been Making hos-
tile preparations. •
BAYONNE; 'MAY 30.--,Preat preparationg ate
makitig in,the house ferrOly'the "Bishop's palace,
where the Spanish
../hh,taarq to hold their Siiting.
It appears as if his Majesty hunself would •repair
thither, as a throne iseik;ting..l
M. PitaZYRA, one, of the -tneatest Lawyers in
Spain, rand M. CitsuirfAVlE:ta•A' are arrieti. here 3
bath are Mernbt:ls-df the Junta : the farmitis Pcfet
'MELENDEZ VALDEZI is also nominated a Me:ol34r.
All the De. uties are treated with marked distinc-
tion. A public table is held for them at the. hobsea
of the Minister, tht; Secretary of Statei the•GPrintl
Marshal of the Palace, and the Prefect of the Palace.
Admiral MASSAREDO is nominated Minister of-the
Marine. It is asserted that the Girde du-Corps is to
join that part of the Sonish army which is at pre,
sent in the North, tnidehtic Marquis DE LA 11,P.
MANIA.

JUNII L—rhe first Portuguese Regiment of the
,
Line, commanded by the Marquis Pot4TE DE !AMA,
entered here yesterday. His Majesty; caused them
to pass in review before hint. from hAtee
to the loth inst. every day a Portuguese regirne.,r is
to arrive. These twenty Portuguese Regments
will form one division.

Ttla TII E AT a a..---The scaSon concluded lest night,
at ,Covent-garden Theatre, wish the Tragedy of
Macbeth, Mr. KumpLe, was suddenly • 1;11:,,n
..so ill
with a severe rheumatic azfection in the knee, that
Mr. Muaamt catne forw4rd, before the Play began,
to solicit the indulgence of the Audience.' Mr.
KeNtur.x went through the .Itartil3er with much
greater animation than could be expeaed, consider.:
ing the pain which he evidently endured. He wasp
indeed, hardly able to move through the part. At
the end of the'Play he testified the respell ;:tul gra-
titude of the Proprietors and Perfbravrs goGd
set terms," and in a very,impresSive meatier. he
Play was followed. by a_
.Farce first brought forward
on Mutinc'p's Ilenefif,'entitied The Pol'trait of Cer.
voiles or, The PlottinOlotiers. It is a translation
from the French, but ai aptfthertranslatioß of the
same Piece is announced for, the Haymarket Thea-
tre, we shall say mithitig 'ltioitt it till we have an op-
portunity of compari x. their respeetive merits,

ETLIACT OF A LETTER FROM eORT-AIJ-PRINCEO

DATXU MAY 3, 1808.

PETIO a few days ago re'teived au express from.
Gelieral LAMARRE, in the North, inhrmiug
that he had taken possession of the island of Tor-
tliedas, witiclt CHIVISTOPHE heretofore held. The
troops on shore amounted'to between two and three
hundred, who immediatelyjoined LAMM:IIIC. CHltis-
TOPlia sent dot ut the Cope,an English Armed bhp
and a Brig, to secure his troops, but LANAItRc had
got possession before they reached the island. The
Vessels attacked PETION'S Squadron, and a- dreadful
carnage ensued but VdTiOti'S NICZ prevailed.",

r

IMPOiII'AN I' SPANISH DOCI):IIEATS,

PUBLISHED BY TUB PATRIOTIC CHIEFS.

THE KINGDOM OF GAi..ICIA, AND GENE,.
- RAL COUNCIL Of GOVLRNMENT.

BRAVE SPANIARDS,
The abdication of his Kingdom by our Sovereign
FERDINAND, VII. 'officially communicated to us, is
the most strikieg proof. of the violence he suffers.
He thereby manifests to us his want of liberty and
power, arid the grief he feels on being compelled,.
by despotism and tyranny, to• seprate himself
from his subjeas ; lie implicitly demands our assist-
, ante. It intended to substitute in his place a
haughty and perfulidus Canoneror,whO meditates the
effusion of your blocid,- to ralinfe his sanguinary ap-
pethand Isis boundk-wambition; as he has hitherto
profusely shed the bloodblt he noHe, brave, and loyal
'French nation. He mean& to drag by mail) force, the
most illustrious Spanish youths, whither thegood faith
of our Monarch has already sent a great part of them,
hoot itby other ojea than to aggrandize a man,
for whom the woi Id doesmot appear to be sufficiently
extensive, and who gluts on,hurnan blood. The re-
wao of that generous aa- has been a perfithous con
dna, unprecedented in the annals of civilized nations.
The stratagems, the frauds, the treacheries, are no-,
torious, which NAPOLEON has employed to intro-
duce, in the quality ff an intimate Ally and a faith-
frit Frioqd, his troops to our very capital, and
make himself • master of the fortresses on our fron-
tiers; to harass the feelings of our Monarch ; to
cause disturbances among the people ; to rob us of
our King, Prinees, and Infantas ; and to controul
With an 4011 hand the deliberation of our Govern-
ment, which, without liberty, gives orders .which
it abhors, ruled as they are by a foreign Regent and
Intruder. This:scandalous condua, and that which,

•
he has committed with regard to Etruria, and our
. .

neighbours, tho,Portuguese, point out to us the de-
gree of fidelity and faith whicil we may exiled from
the high sounding promises with which he means to
cloak his malignant dt.!!,igns, treating us as a people
at once insensible and dastardly.
• Shall a cultivated,, brave, and generous nation,
bend its ne4 under the yoke of perfidy ? Shall tt
allow itself to he insulted by injuries--the n‘mst per-
fidious, immoral,. and disgraceful ; committed in the
face of the whole world, and submit to the msost, hu-
miliating slavery prep red for its No, noble Galici-
ans, such art- net the didtates of your noble minds:
Glowing with the most virtuous ardour and noblest
et:l.,usiastn, you, have already expressed your senti-•
meats, worthy Of the ,pralse and imitation of all Spa-
niards. You rather',Wish to die, than to see your
independence trampicU under foot, your religion de-
stroyed, your King in captivity,
,and your country
threatened with a yoke.:,equally barthensorne and
unjust. Quicken the generous sentiments of yotir
Noble, minds, Fly to. arms, not lice that Mon,.
Per, to indulge au inordinate ambition ; not like
him, to violate the. rights of humanity and the
law of nations ; not to render us odious to mankind;.
pot to offend a generous and friendly nation, ruled
by a MonSter already beep= insufferable neon
earth, Fly to arms, to assist your countrymen ; to
mane your. King t rom captivity ; to .restore to. our
Govvrnmeut liberty, energy, and vigour; to pre-
'serve your lives and those of your children'; to
Maintain the uncontrouled7ight of enjoying and
disposing of your property.; to assert the independ-
ence of your native ; and, above alf, to defend
your sacred religion. Employ the arms which she
tenders; arm your minds with the tear o,t God;
implore the ai.lot -the immaculate Conception; and
of the glorious Apoptle' St. Jacob, our Patron ; and•
confident of success.in so, glorious a cause,,rtish forth
to grasp the viaory,Avhich is prepartd for you by
their intercession, andjthe justice .of your cause.
• And Ye,, Corporatnal, and private individuals,
who, from your situationSial circumstances, cannot:
,take up arms, assist your brethren with your pro-
perry and tOrtunes. You are concerned more than
any other ,suoject in this demand ; sacrifice spouta7
neously part of your property, t hat you may not be
:Aleorived•ef the whole by violence; 'Do nor delay
that sacrifice a .nioment, if you wish. that by the
prompt execution of a well combined plan, the fury
of an : enemy be checked,, who is accustomed at all
times to act Witt, t b r, pi di tj, 'of 'lightning. Divest
yourselves of ail views, and hesitate trot ; for
'otherwise you youvo:c.l%, yOut wives, children, and
families, v< ill become tue,viaitns of the most inve-
terate ievenge. .„... . •

DON MANUEL'ACRA, Sec.
Corunna, the 4th lime, •rgeii. , .

The Council4;erier;l of the Principality must not
lose a !not tient to publish the following letter, which
has j Wit been received from their King, Flinn' ND
V4l. and the authenticity of which is ascertained by
one of the Members of the Council, 'who`poSsesses
:_the most unquestionable knowledge • thereof. On
.the first cover is-the snbscription—" To the Royal
,413JeatblagevePuietIo.1.'---Tilo tiecond is superscribed
To the Chief of Arms of Asturias."

" Nos t e ASTURIANS-.-1 UM surrounded on all sides, .and
a vittirrrof perfidy. You saved Spain under worse Ci WOW-.
stances than the present. tieing now a prisoner, I deunind dot
from you the Crown,. but I rcquyc, tract, eyncerting a well
digested plan with the ritighboulios provinces, 'you do sA.
seyt your liberty, and nor aubatit to :4 foreign yoke, nor sub-
ject yourselves 10 the treacherous enemy who despoils of his
rights your unfortunate
" Bayonne, May 8, iga.,!,

" PRINCE FERDINAND."

To expressions so energetic and impressive the
Council oigin nut to add a,,y observation ; but with
-themost poignant ;grief they mingle their tears with
those of all their beloved and falthitil countrymen,
to whom the letter is etimtnumeated.
WAN DE A RGUEKER TORAL,
Oviedo, May 2.6, = Atitog.Secretary.

.1 unate Monarch, our bungs,- our. children, and. our
m iv,e ? If, the very moment When those bands of
_banditti were receiving The kindest' offices. and fa:
• yours from the inhabitants of our capital, they mur-
clered in cold blood upwards of two thousand
peOple, for no other' reason, than their having de-
fended their insulted brethren, What coisid we t%xped
from them bed dominion
we
.submitied to their
Their perfidious coughad towards our King-and his
whole family, .whom they deceived and decoyed into
France, under the promise ,of an eternal armis-,
ticcc, in order to. chain them all, has 'no prece7
dent in history. ' Their condud towards the •
whole nation, is more iniquitous than we had I
the right to expert from a horde of Hofternots.--
They have prdfaned our temples ; they have insult
eit our religion ; they have assailed our wives ; in
fine,'they have broken all their promises, and there
exists no right-which they have not violated. 7 To
arms, A,turiani, 'to let .us not forget, that'
Asturias at t lte titne of another invasion; whiCh un-
doubtedly was less' unjust, restored tl4Monarehy..
Let us aspire to the same glory on the present occa-
sion. Let us recoiled, that no foreign Nation 'could
- ever lard it over us, whatever exertion it May have
made fbr that purpose. Let us offer up our prayers
to the God 9f Hosts. Let us implore the interces-,
sion of our 'Lady of Battles, whose image is wor-
shipped in the most ancient temple o 1 Covadonga;
and perfealy sure • that she cannot fOrsake us in's()
just a cause, let us rush upon ourdetestable enemy,
and annihilate and drive out of our peninsula a
people so base and treacherous. This demand is
addressed to you, in t'he name of your Representa-
tives, by the Procurator-General of the Principality.
At.vA.RO 1 LOREZ LS rAuuit.

MANIFESTO.

PROVINCE OF ARIAGOM.

P ROC I A M ATION

OP 'HR GENBLIAL., THE ruzuctrALlTV.

LoYAL Astv RIA 4-- tielt)Vt.td COUntlyol;;U--•-your
first,wishe- are already cult-Viet!: Principaivy
cl4trging; thuie duties wi.ich are ifiugt sacred to wen,
has already tiirmally dcciai'ed win Against .F atice.
You. tnay dre.au this vigurun4 resolution.
'But' what utter nit.usure could oc uti.;lit we to
adiipt ? Shell thenr he fouttti tint, stni;le man among
us, wuo preturs vt,e
..:ttlious death ut
itio,glory •,i. held of ho-
'our, with ajaii in 1).0, I.and, u..r antis=

Providence, has preserved, in Arragon animmenie
quantity of rintsketi, ammunition, and • artillery,
-which have not treacherotisly been sold, or delivered
to the enemies of our repose. Your patriotism,
your loyalty, and Your attachment to lAte good cus-
toms which you have inhefited from our ancestors,
induced you to shake off the disgracefUl yoke'which
was prepared for us by seeition, and by the false
promises of the French Government, which regu-
lating conduct, by the most abominable
Machiavelism, merely'. endeavoured to deceive us
and all Spain, in order to cover With Shame and dis-
grace the most generous nation upon =111.,.
You have placed implicit confidence in me, and
this honour which you have bestowed on me uncle-
servedly, obliges me to tear the veil of the most de-
testable iniquity and injustice. My. life, which can
only
.be of any value to me, as far as it can promote
your hdppineas, and the piosperity of my,beloVed
country, is the smallest sacrifice I can make-in re-
, turn ter the many proofs of confidence and love
with Mai& you have honoured me. Do not.doubt
it, Arragoniang my mind is ' not able to harbour
crimes, nor to associate with those who cherish
and prow& them.. Some of she Depositaries of the
confidence Of • the Spanish Nation, they who held
the supreme, power in their hands, are the first to
work yotWrtitn by every means which malice can
sti.,;gest„ and to fortn trattorons coirnedin,ns with the
enemies of our country. 'Faust of gold, and the
mistaken idea' which they have••perhaps conceived,
to defile our destinies by their iniquitous proceedings,
make, them view with indifference. the destruction
of their country. Although I have strong grounds to
believe it, yet I shall forbear to mention names, lest
I should render grief Still more poignant. 'At
thietime, being acquainted with your determination,
that of your' neighbours, the inhabitants of Va-
lentia, and all the. Provinces. of Spain, where 'the
same sentiments are entertained, some of their
leaders have perhaps changed their determination,
embraced the cause of justice, and endeavoured to
shake off the yoke, which they tried to impose on,
us, by Means the most iniquitous and baser Should
I be mistaken in this opinion, time will discover the
truth. Fear not, Arragonians ; let us defend the
most jug' of causes, and we shall be invincible. The
enemy's'troops now in Spain are not able -to with-
stand our edjartt. Woe betide them, should theyevec
dare to repeat in any other Spahish town, what they
did in Midrid on the 2d May,sacrificing without pity,
and calling those seditious and aasassins,of whom they
had but klIFy lately received honours and favours
which they did.not deserve. Bayonne hasvitnessed
and will remember the ads of violence, which after a
long series of treacheries and frauds have been com-
mitted; acts of violence,which clearly appear by the
striking contradielions found in the papers published,
where CHARLBS. IV. is charged with.havieg consvir-
cd with a IVlnuster, who is afterwards appointed a
Member of the Council of Government i where
the King, his son, who was never married but once,.
k questioned about Ins first wife. In consequence'
thereof, it is my dory to declare, and I accordingly
do hereby declare what follow's : • .
1. Thct the French Emperor, all the individuals
of his family, and every French General shad Meer,'
s-hall be personally responsible for. the safety of the
King, and of his Brether and Uncle.
2. That, in case any violence shotild be attempted
against lives so valuable, in order that Spain' 'nay not
be without a King;the nation will inakense of their
elective right in favour of the ArehdukeCHAilLES,
as nephew of CHARLES ILL in case that the Prince
of Sicily, or the Infant Don Nom), and the other
heirs should not be able to concur.

3. That should the French army -commit any
robberies,, devastation, and murders, either In Ma-
Arid or any other town, invaded by the French
troops, they shall be considered as guilty 61 hibh
treason, and no quarter shall be given to any of
them.

4. That all, the transaaions which have taken
place, shall be considered as illegal, void, -and ex-
torted by a iolence, wlaicll isiktiown to be practised
in both places.
That wnaievet;_ troy hereafter be done, in Bay-
ono% shall also be considered as null and' void ; and
.all who shall take an active part to the like transac-,
Lions shall be deemed traitors to their country. .
That all deserters of the
,FrenclrAriiiy, who
shall present •themsdves, shall, be admitted la Arra-
go“, and tn.:attc, with that generosity,, which forms
a pri.mineot La;urn of the Spanish national cha-
racter ; they s.,a;' to disarmed 011:.1 Cuildtiaed to this
capital, v‘ilcre th 4 way.itiliiit in our lioups,

. .
7. All other provinces-,ana kingdoms of Spain,
not 'yet invaeed by the enemy, are invited to meet
by Deputies at Termal, 41)y other suitable piece,
to nominate 'a . Lieutenant-General, whose tattlers
Shall be obeyed by the particular Chiefs of
,the di&
ferent kingdoms.

8. The foregoing Manifesto shall be printed and
pnblished in the atilt). Kingdom of Arrat,aon, and it
shall also be circulated in the capitals and principal
places of all the Provinces and Kingdoms of Spain.
Given at the Head-quarters at Saragossa; the
31st May, 0308.
PALAFOX,
Governor and captain. General of the
Kingdoni of Arragon.

The following is the Decree by which BUONA.
PAUTE has in effea annihilated the Papal See :
"NAPOLEON, by the grace of God, and by the Con
stitution, Emperor of the French, King. of Italy,
ProteQor of the Rhenish Confederacy, considering
that the present Sovereign of ROme has constantly re-
fused to declare war against the English, and to co-
operate with the Kingdom of Italy and Naples for
the proteation of the Italian Peuinsula ; that. the in-
tere4t
of the two kingdoms, and the relative Situation
of Italy and Naples, require that theiT communica,
Lion should be interrupted by no hostile Power ; that
the gift of the landswhich compose the Ecclesiastical
States was made by our illustrious predecessor Charle-
magne, for the benefit of Christendom, but not for
'the succour of the enetnies of our 1104- Religion;
therefore have we, upon consideration ill- the de-
'lii4ncl‘ for passports, made by the ROmish Ambassa-
dor at our Court, on the 4th of March, decreed, and
do decree; as follows : [Here follow the different
articles of the Decree, uniting the'provinces of the
Papal Territory to the Kingdom of Italy, and Pre-
senting' various local regulations 3S to their Go--
vernment .]" In pursuance of a second Decree, all.
Cardinals, Prelates, and other Officers c the Ro-
mish Court, born in the Kingdom of Italy, must
retire to the place-of their birth before the 6th of
June, on pain of forfeiting their goods. At An-
cona, on the 1 Cth of May, the Papal Officers were
already dismissed.

At.n Meeting of the Holdernest Agricultural. So-
ciety, at liedon, an Monday, the I'3th inst. the fol-
lowing question was propoied for discusiion :
" Various kinds of. bitcts, viz. rooks, pigeons, spar-
roWs, &c. are denounced as mortal enemies to agri-
culturists, and their extermination is eagerly sought :
P. not the benefits they bestow, by devouring in-
seas, more than balance the injuries they commit
by devouring the corn ? and would it not be to the
advantdge of the agriculturist to itromote the increase
of those birds which destroy insects, but do not de-
stroy corn, Viz. lapwings, starlings, thrushes, &c.?"
A Gentleman of the .ociety, who has deservedly ac-
'quired considerable reputation in the agricultural
'World, for his well-centtived experiments as to the
most effedual manner of destroying the grub or lar-,
va of the Tipula, or ToMmy Long.LeBs, detailed the
result of a very curious experimmt which be had
instituted for the purpose of ascertaining the number
of these inse&s which a nest of rooks may probably
consume annually.—One of his servants was station;
ed a W hole Clay; (root lone o'clock in the 4norning to
eight o'clock at night, in the neighbourhood` of a
rookery, and kept an accurate account of the num-
ber of times which, the old crows during that inter-
val fed their young ones. . The, ave?agetesult of his
observ:itions on five:nestswas, that the old Crows
made 70 journies per day. and it having been ascer-
tained by shooting one of them) just before its entry
into th'e nest, that it,had in the bag below its beak,
33 grubs, it follows, that:supposing. thein to feed on
these insets through the year, a family of rooks
would in that time destroy 1,445,500 grubs. And
supposing, which Is a veryModtkate calculation, that
each grub, previous to, its assuming the winged
state, destroys the herbage of four square inches,' this
number would destroy the herbage of three roods,
27 perches. Hence .the ingenibus contriv,l- cf this
admirable experiment inferred the immense advan-
tage which di• farmer derives from this 'species of
'bird alone, without whose benignant services, added
to those of its,congeners, the toils of the agriCulturist
would be in vain., Another member of the Society
produced the crop of a pigeon shot lately, in which
were not more than a few grains of wheat and a
bean or two, its principal contents being the seech;
Of ketlocks and other poxious weeds. After an in-
teresting discussion the company _agreed in the af-
firmative, on both parts of the question. Several spe-
chnens of prepared whitle-bone, which it is •propos-
ed to.apply in the inannfaaureaf sieves, riddles, and
sheep7nets; were afterwards exhibited.

PEDESTRIANISMe—FrOIII accounts which arrived
in-town thi Friday, it tappeans that the Highland
Gentleman who undertook to walk, on Sucday
morning Se'nnight, from Vauxhall to Manchester in
69 hours, for a bet of .500 guineas, arrived at the
Bridgewater Arms,
.Manchester, at nine o'clock on
the 'Wednesday evening, being one hour within the
time limited. He performed the journey in the fol-
lowing manner : he arrived at ten o'clock on Sun-
day, evening at Daventry, being at the .rate of .7e
miles in 21 hours, including stoppages. Here he
slept for six hours; and renewed his journey with
alacrity. On Tuesday evening, by eleven o'clock,.
he arrived at Sandon, . having walked at the rate of
64 miles in.. 19 hours and a half.' Having rested here
for six hours, he proceeded with full confidence of
success, and arrived at Manchester, as already stated,
by'nine o'clock, having travelled the third day 5?
miles in- 15 hours and a half. This Pedestrian's
name is Macrae', a native of Kintail, in 'loss-Shire.
The principal- bet lies between two Officers in the
Guards,. an Englishman and a Scotchman.,
iVihil horhine dignitis,'quam Terre opera, penculum
mortis adeuntibus.:--The Clergy and Faculty have
this summer, in various parts of the country, esta-
blished ijUitANN SoctsTics, ou.the successful plan
of the London Life Saving Institution ; --it is there-
fore reasonably to be expected and wished for, that
the time is not far' distant', wherever there are rivers,
&L. to drown, or noxious air to sinfe caie,. there will
be set on foot plans similar to the above, in order to
preserve, save, and restore the lives of the people of
all ratiks and all ages. iTne rich as veil as the mid-
dling and lower classes are liable to accidental, pre-
-watery, arid iitdden dissolution.

14()ND ;l rs. !e,l by. It LCH Al 4 114 Rl,' or No. 4, Al.trtiett-coutt, now-btrect ; and pubit,bed by, W 1 CL AU A RMiC ScR I: it 5, S•lLltli Molt(
AL the SuN•OPFICI Nu. I 1;..! Strand; where Advertisements ()niers sor i'acer, I etterf fur the Editor, c, ,(Post-paidil

CIRCUIT. • 1.
.%?oiday, Aug. • t, at flertroul.
Aitetiere.saay, Clieliilifja
• kloaaLy, ;.1t 4,,lstullt•
Sattird.y, 'at Lekve*.:
Thursday,- t 8; G

Hertford
Essex
Kent
Sussex
Surry

On Friday evening Mr. Parkhurst,- Of I-I,lctner,
gave his footboy a ,ticket .to go to Covent-Garden
Theatres As he was going ;hroug!l Chr3riikier 1)0
purchased a whip, and ()tiered a .st)l. ne'.e in pay-
ment.. SurspiciOn in consetywnce arkiug, Lt: wns,
foliowqd and apprehended ; and Mr. Parkhurst, on
being applied to, attended and idenlitied the note;
the boy was committed for further exantination.
