TIM ,tilssi-, LONDON, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 22, H3l.

CHARIOT to be SOLD.---It is as clean an:l,pood
as new, lia7ing been but little used. Ifas-C springs.impe-.
riab, nap case, and all the appendages usually fitted to highly finished
arriages : is suitable for town or posting.
May be seen at 43, Crawford-street, Dryans!on-square.

SMITHFIEL

MARKET

This day's supply was very gootl
alteration from tint prices last quol

and the sale was dull at littl,2
)ted:

PRICES PIM STONE OF 61.13. TO SINK TOE OFFAL,•
s. d. to s. d to 3....
Interior Beasts .....
Second quality ditto._ 210 3 4 Second qUality ditto ..... :1 8 4 0
Prime large Oxen 3 6 310 Coars-w.ollet4 ditto ... 4 2 4 4
P^ime Scots. &c.
Large coarse Calves 4 0 4 6 Lai ge Hogs ........... 6 4 2
rime small ditto
%•taling Ca!ves each
Lamb l5 Od. to 4s. bd.
SUPPLY AT MAI:KIT.
ts
Beasts Sheep Calves. Po
titl2 7.321 191 206

NEWUATE AND LEADENIIALL MARKETS.
At per stone, I, y the Carcass.
s (I to. d s 4 tl¢ d.
Peel; inferior n 8 210 Mutton, inferior 1 6 8 s
- middling ...... ...,... 3 0 :1 4 - middling ...... 310 4 0
-- prime large
----- prime sam.l 4 0 4 2 Pork, larg- • 3 8 4 6
Veal
- 3s 104 to 4s. 4d.

Lamb

DEVIZ&S CJRN

Per Sack:- s d. s. d.
Fint Wheat 32 oto 35 0
Second 2S 0 a) 0
Third
1 2:3 Sacks of Wheat sold/ 2, 9
at the average of.

,lAttliE V.—Sept 2,
Per Quarter. L d. 6. d
Barley 0 to 36 0
Oats 2l 0 31 0
Beana (per sack) 2O 0 24 0
Fluur (per bag) 44 0 46 0
I Bread (per gall.)

"LEWES M A Ft KE I .--,:ept. 19.
Per Quar er. s. d. to s. d. Per Quarter. s. i. ti s d.
Wheat, White ... 56 0 6.► 0 Oats 2l 0 22 6
..--- lied
Barley 4O 0 43 0 Oil Cake...ll/. ,s. Per "1 housall.

LEEDS CORN MARKET.- Sept. 19
Wheat, Norfolk and Suflitlit, tiOlb.
York. and Lincoln. 601 b. 2: 5.,5. to i 7,. c
liarley, Norfolk and SuMilk
Ilai to .365.
Yorkshire and Lincolnshire
Grinding
Beans
Oats, Potatoe ..
--Mealing, I or. —d. to—d Eng. l Id. to 124. pet stone.
Shelling °S' to Als. per load.
Rapeseed. Enstlili. 341 to NV ... 17-reign, —. to—/ per last.

SOUTHALL CATTLE MA RK ET.—Sept. .0
The supply of Beasts, Sheep, Calves, and Porkers, to this day's mar-
ket was moderately good. There was a moderate attendance of town
and country buyers, and the trade was dull, at the following prices
per stone 01 81h. to sink the oftals :
Beef
I
Nlutton 3 8 4 8 Pork 3 8 4 8
I amh
Beasts, 234 • Sheep, 4,218; Calves, 52 ; Pigs, 27. A small portion of
the supply left the market unsold

ROMFORD MARKET.—Sept. 20.
R. rt. 10 .4. 4. to. d. to 4.4.
Bcef...
Mutton 3 8 4 6 Pork 4 0 5 0
Lamh 4s. 0.1. to sr. (ht.
Suckling Calves, 16s. to 325.; Quarter old Store Pigs. 12s. to 20a.
Mitch Cows, with their small Calf, 141. Os. to :61. Os.
Supply moderate, and trade. rather dull.

LE M ES M A RKET.—Sept. .9.
Beef 3s. 13.4. to 4.1. Eki. Veal
I Mutton 4 0 4 6 Pork
.__3 6 4 6

Lamb 4s. 6d. to 5s Od.
A moderate supply ; the trade with prime Beef and Mutton rather
brisk. but otherwise dull.

COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.
(THIS DAY.)

The first importation of New Fruit appears now in our list
of imports at the port of London. The arrivals of Northern
produce are rather extensive for Tallow, Iron, Spelter, Tim-
ber, and Deals. East India produce has arrived to a consi-
derable extent, and there is some West India Sugar, Coffee,
and Rum added to our previous stock, but not much. The
entries for export are fair, and the deliveries for home con-
sumption are large.
Our Markets continue steady for most commodities, and
while speculation has paused in those articles upon which it
has been operating, no fresh ones have been selected for ope-
ration. There is, however, but little disposition showing itself
to realize, except in Cotton. Nothing reckless or giddy has
yet shown itself in these speculative enterpriz es, and the Whole
of our Markets progress quite as fast as intelligent and expe-
rienced persons could wish.
SUGAR, BRITISH PLANTATION AND OTHERS.—The Market
rather brisker to-day than yesterd,y ; prices without variation,
and very firm.
REFINED SUGAR dull and unvaried.

TEA quiet, and sale prices rule transactions.
FRUlT.—Currants receive a steady business, at former
rrices. It is too early yet for business in other descriptions.
PEPPER.—Transactions rather extensile, and prices firm.
Cassia LIGNEA is held for higher prices.
COFFEE.—British Plantation languid, but the value unal-
tered, except fur the lowest sorts, which are rather lower.
In Metals the most business is doing in British Iron and
Copper, and the prices are very firm. Spelter is now 131.
103. to 141.

Oms.—A very quiet market, and prices without variation.:
In Provisions there is still business, and the only variation
in prices is in Dutch Butter, which is now 102 s. to 103 c,
which is rather lower.
TALLOW.—P. Y. C. is now 395. 9.1. to 4ns.
Hoes.—There is more business doing in New flops, and at
good prices. The duty is 190,000/. to 105,0001.
•

Rots continues in lively demand, and prices are' very
firmly established.
GRAlN.—Wheat secured but little business, and its former
quotations were scarcely obtained. The same remark applies
to all other kinds of grain. In Bonded Grain, nothing done.
Flour did not vary. The attendance of buyers was very small,
and altogether it was a very poor market.
FOREIGN COMMERCIAL.

TEN MINUTES TALK o:t the BALLOT.

By J. C. SYridONS.

A. You are I believe an advocate for the Ballot ? B.
I am.

_
A. I am not : but I confess that the increase of intimi-
dation and bribery at Elections is so great, that I desire to
see an effective check applied to this serious and growing
evil. I am therefore open to conviction, and should be
obliged if you would patiently listen to my objections to the
Ballot, and fairly meet them. B. This I will willingly de,
hut. I must first of alt inquire whether we agree in sincerely
desiring that Electors should elect, in fact and spirit, as the
law directs—free front all external controul, and entirely
after their own will ? I ask this question because I well
know there are many persons who do not wish every Elec-
tor to exercise this Constitutional right, and I am quite
sure that no argument with them could be of the slightest
benefit to either party.
A. lam not one of such. I wish every elector to have
the power of voting entirely according to his own will. I oh-
' joet to the Ballot solely because I think it attended with great
evils, and that it would not effectively prevent the foul in-
fluences. B. Pray state your objections.
A. The Ballot is not an English, that is to say, a manly
mode qf Votiny. B. Whether the Ballot be English or not,
in the sense which you apply the term, entirely resolves it-
self into the general question—namely, whether it be good
or bad. If the Ballot is shown to prevent corruption, bri-
bery, and intimidation, it is good ; and what is good is, I
presume, not nn-English ; unless bribes and bullyism are
manly and English, which God forbid any Englishman should
consider them. You have an evident prejudice against the
Ballot because it is secret. Now secrecy, abstractedly, is
good or bad according to the purpose to which it is applied:
There are many things which it is right to do secretly and
which it were wrong to do openly. There is no reason why
voting should not be as well done in secret as in public.
Immense evils are admitted to exist under open voting :
every attempt has been made to remedy these evils consis-
tently with open voting, and they have all signally failed.
If these evils can be remedied by secrecy, surely secrecy
becomes a benefit. The most I can admit you is, that the
question then resolves itself into a balance between the ini-
quities of the present system and y our dislike to the idea of
secrecy, though realising immense and positive good.
A. You have removed the objections 1 have stated, but
I tee another evil in secrecy. It would prevent men from
knowing who were their friends and who were their foes.
B. Allow me to say that you here lose sight of the great
principle of freedom of Election. Men have no right to
consider the votes of their neighbours in the light of indivi-
dual friendship or enmity. The franchise is given for the
political benefit of the whole Community, and assuredly not
for the gratification of personal affection or personal hatred.
This is a monstrous error ; and any man who gives a Vote
for the sake of personal friendship, be it even to his own
brother, violates the %spirit of the Constitution, and grossly
abuses the trust reposed in him. As Mr. Grote has well
stated, " You have just as much right to know your neigh-
bour's vote as you have to read his letters."
A. But surely if the franchise is for the benefit of the
whole Community, the Community have a right to _know
one another's vote. B. What, accordirber to the monkey
system of feeding, each monkey putting his paw into his
neighbour's pan? No, Sir, this were neither rational nor
just. It is from the power of knowing our neighbours' votes
that we derive the power of coercing them. So that how-
ever innocently you, or other honest men, might amuse your-
selves with this privilege, there are others who would and
do turn it to oppression : and therefore we Ballot advocates
beg to close a door which, whilst it confers no benefit, ad-
mits a host of evil.

A. Your views on this point would appear to me quite
conclusive were every man a voter, but I hold with Lord
J. Rung, that the non-electors have a right to exercise the
influence of their opinion over the Electors. B. With due
deference to Lord John Russell, there is no such right re-
cognised by the law of the land. The right alluded to is;
therefore, a moral one. Now I maintain that if the non-
elector is competent to sit in judgment over the vote of the
elector, he is not only competent, but has a moral right to
vote himself. Your objection is therefore a reason for ex-
tending the suffrage,•but 'no earthly reason against the Bal-
lot. I may likewise remark that no such influence exists as
that you apprehend the Ballot would remove. It is not the
non-electors who influence the voters.

A. I am afraid the Ballot would be the cause of a great
deal of promise breaking and falsehood. B. Do you really
think there can be more falsehood or immoraUty than there
now is ? I admit that promises might, in the first instance,
be extorted and broken ; but I beg of you to observe that
the promises to which this objection has reference arc alone
compulsory promises to do wrong, that is, to siolate one's
conscience, and so to injure one's country. I conceive the
keeping of such a promise to be a greater sin than breaking
it. Under the present system the promiser keeps faith with
a tyrant, and breaks it with his conscience and his country.
Under the Ballot your objection is that he would keep
faith with his conscience and country but break it with a
tyrant. I maintai❑ that morality gains immensely by the
latter state of things. I, however, entirely deny that pro-
mise breaking would be produced by the Ballot. I believe
promise asking would be annihilated, and for the very mani-
fest reason that the more promises that were broken, the
less use would there be in asking for them ; so that your
hypothesis carries with it its own refutation.
A. I will reconsider this objection, because it is that
which of all others ought if valid to have weight with reli-
gious persons. B. I am glad you have named religious
persons liar they surely ought to be advocates of any mea-
sure which will remove the iniquities and debauchery which
now outrage all decency at each general election.
A. Very true, but are you sure that the Ballot would
remove all this : above nil would it remove bribery, and
might not a sum of money be promised to a class or party
°linen in case of the return of the bribing Candidate.
B. The wholesale bribery of such a scheme would ensure
its detection : I am confident it would be therefore imprac-
ticable. Any bribe before hand would have no influence
over the secret act of the voter, nor would any Candidate
be fool enough to squander his money on such a hazard.
For the same reason menaces would have no effect, for the
voter would be aware that the suspicion of his having given
an adverse vote would be just the same whiche,er way he
secretly voted, and that he could not avoid chastisement
by a compliance with coercion which it would be impossible
for him to prove.
A. Will not men's votes be guessed by their known
opinions? B. Suppose they are, what of that ? The
knowledge that his vote might be guessed mould be no in-
ducement to a man to vote otherwise than as he felt inclined,
seeing that his see.-et vote either way could by no.means
affect such guess or ward off its consequences ; for neither
would the Ballot leave to the suborner the power of de-
tecting nor to the voter the power of giving the slightest
evidence of which way he voted. This is the anti-corrup-
tion power of the Ballot.

Yesterday we touched on the continuing improvement. of
the Continental markets, and the short space of titne that
since has passed can naturally not have given rise to etny' ma-
terial difference, and the accounts brought tiq to-day are of
the same summary result, as yesterday, generally satisfactory.
Letters from Bordeaux report the Raw Sagar market very
lively, and the finer qualities of French Colonial are in good
request at advancing prices-of Bourbon about 2
.400 bags, at
prices varying after quality from 53f. to 63f. per 50 kil. duty
paid, or 31 f. 80 cents. to 39 f. 10 cents, in bond, being equal
to 255. to 325. per cwt. Coffee was even advancing, and very
important transactions bad taken place in all the different
kinds that corns on the market ; 4,280 bags Laguayra have
been sold at 55 f. to 62 1. 50 cents. per 50 kilograms in bond,
being equal to 441 to 56a. per cwt. ; 2,176 bags Padang at
98 f. to 98f. 50 cents, duty paid, or 55f. 10 cents, to 55 f.
60 cents, in bond, being equal to 445. to 445. 6d. per cwt. ;
1,419 bags Java at 110 f. to 111 f. 50 cents. duty paid. or
67 f. 10 cents. to 68 1. 60 cents. in bond, being equal to 53..
Bd. to 543. 10d per cwt. ; 935 bags Hsvannah at 521. to 5Sf. is
bond, or 41s. 81. to 461. 41 per cwt. ; 150 casks
and 90 barrels do. in bond, at 60f. to 67f., being equal to 48s.
to 535. Bd. per cart. These transactions thus comprising nearly
10,000 bags have given the market an extraordinary firm ap-
pearance, and all ivhat rinsains in first hands are held for full
prices.
Cotton being comparatively of inconsiderable importance
the sales are not extensive, but what goes off is for full and
better prices. Of Pepper the stock on the spot is rather
large, and in consequence the prices paid are not so full as
during the last week. 1,400 quintals heavy and half heavy
have been disposed of at 80f. to 831. per 50 Kilogrammes
duty paid, or 58e. to 61s, in bond, being equal to 41d. to
44d. per lb. ; 930 quintals light fetched 63f. duty paid, or 411.
in bond ; equal to 31d. per lb. Indigo finds a good vent,
sod the week 159 c' ests of Bengal were disposed
of at s. 90e. to 11 f. 30e. for half kilogramme, duty paid,
id diirfin4
Lein.. equal to 6s. to 8.. per lb. in bond. 32 serons Caraccas
also found bu:.ere, but the price kept secret.
The accounts from Havre bring large sales of Cotton, the
buyers tak:ii/ readily for the inte..ior markets, the quantity
sold in the morning (the 19th) amountad to 1150 balee, and at
fair prices, amongst the number were 135 bales Bengal, at 67f.
we, per 50 kil. duty paid, being equal in bond to shd per lb.
Some sales of Coffee aro reported at rather easier prices,
but the quantity sold being so insignificant, only 600 Lags St. Do-
mingo, that it had not influenced the market in general ; th e
sale. ;yes at 50f. 75e. to 601. per 50 kilogr. in bond, being
equal to 4. to 48g. per cwt. Po)tassb
udout
eridng4otlh.e lastsoc.
few da‘ been taken rather regularly, but the lately obtained
pe
r advanceri, h
ihhaz notr.
du beensustained
ai ; the ieia
26;.
per cwt. in bond.
At Ntaeseille: the irate rise in Olive Oil has, with the better
accounts of the state of heal:;; in it* and Sicily, given way,
and some sales had been cfncted at lowers rated. In Turkey
some movement is reported, the stock on the spot being
very snoa, 40 the supplies falling off the article has attracted
speculators' attention, tir,4 heles- green and Black have
been taken at an unknown price ; the 91(4;01 Rq the slept is
efeled to hive a considerable loss on all importationg.

A. I must admit that on the principle of not' buying a
pig in a poke" bribery would die A natural death under
the Ballot : neither does it, appear that menaces would
have much effect. But pray Sir what prevents a tyrant
landlord from keeping entirely away from the poll those de-
pendents whom he guesses would vote against him ? B.
Are not the dependents to whom you here allude those
only whose votes the Landlord now coerces? A. Pre-
cisely, because it is only such whom lie could prevent from
polling : his slaves in fact. B. Then my good friend your
objection amounts to this,—that the tyrant landlords would
be driven to deprive themselves of their present strength !
A. That never struck me ; there is another argument
which I have-heard adduced, namely,-that if the voters are
to have the benefit of secret voting, so should their Repre-
sentatives. B. The word Representative is alone an an-
swer to this glaring absurdity. The Representative is re-
sponsible to the voter for his acts of Representation, and to
this responsibility publicity is essential : the voter is respon-
sible only to his conscience, and to that responsibility puli-
licity is not essential, but, on the contrary, detrimental.
A. Would the Ballot destroy Election Committees ? B.
I trust so. Bribery and intimidation being prevented, there
could be no pretext for those corrupt tribunals, which are
so frequently made the means of vexatious and maliTnant
punishment to duly elected Reformers.* All that would be
required would be additional attention to the Registration.
_ _

A. I am afraid the B.Allot would destroy the influence
of property. B. I believe on the contrary that it would
greatly enhance the just and legitimate influence of pro-
perty ; whilst to its manifold abuses of power I am equally
confident it will prove a death-blow. The man of property
who diffuses around him the kindly influences of charity,
benevolence, protection, and sympathy—who applies his
wealth to the alleviation of the wants and sufferings of the
pony—who is a kind neighbour, a liberal landlord, and a
just man—will flnd himself' possessed of a degree of moral
influence and real power, which not all the gold of Crw;us
could purchase, and which being based in the hearts of the
people,
will QPCP4tO just as strongly and just as surely, in
secret as in public. To this moral influence and to the
cultivation of judgment and thought tictAng the people* I
atri cniivinPe4 the Willa would fame the A:Astoeraey to
have recourse.

LIVERPOOL COTTON Al4#iipT,
A good deal of husinesi has been done in Cotton to-day
at steady priers, although there is no animation, and no
respect to notice. The sales are at least
4,006 haika,
A DISTINCTIOY.—The editor of the Louisville
Journal says of a brother editor, that he did not intend
to call him a liar, although he freely admits that he is
a buieliew of thP PrIA-7-49 assassin of facts.—Nero York
Times.

A. I confess I like this view. Be sn good as to state
in contrast the two sorts of influence You suppose the ballot
removp And FihstitAte.—B, In the first plane it
would mako the dependent voters think whereas they are
noV diVP3tO of 41l 501114143 to thought by the knowledge
that they have ne power of choice ; it will replace mental
slavery and ignorance, by mental freedom a:zd an interest
in information ; it will force candidates to appeal to thp,
instead of to the poverty of iQtars ; wd shall have
coutesto of principles instead of purses ; success will depend
on the strength of the candidates' virtue and not on the
pliancy of the voter's vice : gold and fears will lose their
weight, for all must depend on opinion app Lod

Vglonel ccbQpoonat Bull, 1044.
