nee of the three islands .of Hydra, Spezzia, and Ypsara, who
will each send there its representative. Colocotroni is to be
Governor of Tripolizza ; Pietro Bey will command at Calama-
tra, Biistra, and the adjoining country. Metaxa, Delozane, and
tobalina, are to be members of the Executive Government."

FRENCH aUtiDS.
PARIS, MARCH 19.—Five per Cents. opened at 100 f. 80c. ;
dosed at 100 f. 95c.—Bank Stock, 1720f.—Neapolitan Five per
Cents. in' ducats, 91; in francs, 97f. 25c.—Rentes d'Esp. 22.
Pchangre on London, one month, 25f. 50c.; three ditto, 25f.
:3 Ase•—( Cour: Authentique.)

CITY, Twelve o'Clock.—Consols opened this
aiorning at 94i, got up to 1-3, Z, for the-Account,
and for Money O 4 to },with little business. The
most doing is in the new insurance shares, w hich
°Peued at 211 and got up to 22i, but lowered
again to 221, at which price they keep .steady.
Up to this hour vve do not hear of any Express
having arrived from Paris. The King of FRANCE'S
Speech, hich «•ill be delivered to-morrow, is
now looked for by the public with great anxiety,
4nd no doubt will cause some fluctuation in the
Funds.

FOREIGN MARKET.—Very little was doing in
the above market except in the new insurance
Shares, and in Colombian and Spanish bonds.

-
Piles of :American Papers arrived this morn-
ing to the 25th February.

(Prom the Boston Patriot of the Nth Feb. )
Pttoar CALeuTra.—The inundations in the
Upper Province have done very great damage,
Particularly to indigo : one of the safest indigo
districts has been completely - ruined. The
C/olera
era morbus was raging with violence in some
Parts °f India.
CALCUTTA, SEPT. Io.—We have received
letters from the Upper Provinces, mentioning
that -the heavy rains have flooded the rivers. Se-
feral hundred villages have been inundated.—
Letters
accounts from Nuddea give the most lamentable
of the effects of the late inundations.
Vitox
ST. TUOMAS.—St Thomas 'Papers of the
16th January mention, that a letter from Barba-
does announces the arrival there of two seventy-
fours from
England. A French squadron had
"
spoken on'their way to the West Indies.—
considerable number of French troops are said
t° have arrived at Martinique from France.—We
understand that the Hon. James Brown, Minister
t° Prance, now on the eve of sailing in the
United States' ship- Eugene, for -France, is the
bearer of a letter from the President to General
Lafayette, inviting him to visit the United
States. We regret to remark the continuance of
4a unusual degree of mortality in the city of
Philadelphia. The number of deaths last week
'"s 142.

[From the Baltimore Patriot of Feb. 19.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, FEB. 16.
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
leans be directed to inquire into the expediency
or allowing the benefit of drawback on all goods,
Iclres, and merchandize imported into either of
the Ports of New York, Philadelphia, or Balti-
more, and transported from any one of the said
Ports to either of the others.

REVISION OF THE TARIFF.—The House again
\vent into a Committee of the whole, Mr. Con-
dlct in the Chair, on the Bill to amend the several
Acts respecting duties on Imports.

A great sensation was created on Saturday on
the Stock Exchange, by the contents of a letter dated in
Mexico, on the 25th January last, having been made public'
This letter stated that General SANTANA and General LosAT 0
had assembled some troops, and insisted on the resignation of
?Ilicitzr.l24,,, and DOMINGUEZ, two of the three to whom the
executive pcwer was entrusted. At the date of this letter it was
reFed that the Congress would be under the necessity of sub-
flitting, and that a state of anarchy would be the consequence.
reThe following is the o fEcial of th disturbances,
ceived by the highest Mexicanaccount authority inese Great Britain,
rora which it will be learned with great satisfaction, that want
Of pay, and not the oftsupr of ' politics, was the cause
trrof the mutinous conduct part ofatnhse. iny, and that by the
a and patriotic conduct of
Mexican
the CongreaL the disturbance had
completely quelled, and the ringleaders punished. The
theexican Government has thereby prayed its strength; and as
Loan lately contracted for here will soon enable them to
them,
up to the military the long arrears unfortunately due to
disturbed,
the general tranquillity is not likely again to be soon
v!attithed. The people of Mexico, remained
f;!e Government during the tumults, and a law has been passed
perfectly loyal to
cllthe, expulsion of all native born Spaniards from the Alexi-
j4 'States. Both Santana and Lobato are determined enemies
to Spain.

TRANSLATION.
-‘4 Mraico,'SuNDAY, JAw. 25, 1824.--Lobato sent an offi-
.la,l note yesterday to the Government, with a pressing demand
sent
at and if refused he threatened a general pillage. He
rein at the same time a very insulting Memorial to the Sove-
eLgo Conirress. 'Santana issued a Manifesto in his own justi-
orltion, ail. d set forth in it that he had not approved. of the acts
state seditious. The barracks of the Belemitos is in the same.
1., as yesterday' , excepting that the field pieces have been
ithdrawn. At•in the.morning, they came to.change the
Palace, nine
ward at the with orders to take -possession by force,
fill. ease of an 3, resistance. The guard, however, remained
Prttifuli and ordered them to withdraw. fhe Executive
it—erl the Ministers, &c. at this time removed' to a foom
t,lle building -where Congress assembles. The 'latter as-
t-..eraoled at ten o'clock in a secret sitting, and after a pro-,
Ivs',4cted debate,' and finding that the mutinous sent no answer,
e.',;l!, continued to set the Government at defiance, resolved that
t In an hour's time they did not la down their arms, the
Lae
_ftgress Government, National Militia, the7th Infantry Rep-
Zedat, andi all the faithful. Officers" w(alld immediately )fl.o-
to Capntitlan. At half-past one Lobato sent an Official
te, asking. for the Amnesty which yesterday had been grant-
ed them, without taking away their commissions, and that on
these conditions they were disposed to lay' down their arms.
At half-past two, the Congress answered, that a reply would be
Sent through the Government and that at four, the Congress
w,Frald assemble tot deliberate. The public mind was in a state
./_ ferment, fearful of disturbance, which were threatening,
r_IL Case the Authorities should leave the City • but the
_ils_eternation became general, when at five o'clock,.i it was
it.jia' eived, that no . reply had been made to Lobato, and
ancit Congress had oreered an embargo on all coaches
read•waggoos. The troops which remained faithful were in
comma less, and the Authorities and Government waiting to ac-
a__y the Congress to Guadalupe. Our situation was now
—'ung. At six o'clock an official letter was received from

' Lobato, through the Government, purporting his submission,
and'Congress in that sitting granted an an-meaty.' 'Barragan
went to the barrickito the mutitieers;-Who acknowledged his
authority. He ordered the .different corps to their quarters
under faithful officers; Lobato remaining in his quarters with
the mutinous troops and 70 men belonging to his own corps.—
The Government remained during the whole of that night tak-
ing measures of precaution, and it passed over quietly.
MONDAY, JAN. the night nothing particular oc-
curred. Congress was sitting till twelve. A vote of thanks was
passed to the inhabitants of the city,. for their devotion to
good order. A ;secret sitting was summoned at the request
of .the Secretary of War., At half-past one the session was
Made public,
.to read only the resignations sent in by Miche.
lina and Dominguez,..two members of the Executive, which
was referred to a commission, and the sittings were then ad:.
journed. Ten minutes, however, had scarcely elapsed, when
the Deputies were again summoned to hold an extraordinary
sitting instantly, in consequence of a part of the first regimeni
of cavalry, or horse grenadiers,: haiing revolted, with Staholli
and Barben at their head, alleging that they were not a party
to the ConventiOn of yesterday. They fortified. theMselves
in the barracks of _Los Gallos, and 'would neither acknow-
ledge nor obey. the Congress, nor the Government. The
7th infantry, which uniformly had remained' faithful, two
hundred strong, with their baWd of music and . colours,
marched from their barracks .to occupy the Palace, where,
although the guard stationed there was not numerous, it still
shewed a deterMination to resist,, and the Colonel of the 7th
marched to the building of the Ctingriss, which .was then
holding a secret sitting. At five o'cloCka company of the 7th,
above-mentioned, by order of the Government, : marched, to
take possession of the Palace ; the guard resisted, when the
remainder of that corps proceetletrtp- take forcible, possession,
since it could not be occopied by other means. The guard shut
,the gates, and abandoned the posts, which the 7th immediately
!took possession of. At si in the evening the Congress decreed
its removal, together with that of the Government, Which had ,
'been in the same building since 12 o'Clock. They commenced
their march at oration time, without ostentation, but attended
;by a vast concourse of good Patriots assembled,together to sup-
port them, and with about 200 of. the National Militia, stre-
nuous
in their cause, who attended the Congress to the Palace. I
.The Government gave the command, of the 3d regiment of
infantry to Santana, and at the same period several officers pre-
sented themselves, saying that they, as well as the troops, had
been misled by their Chiefs.
"Congress decreed that the Government was fully. empower-
ed to take measures for. the public_safety, and to proceed fbrth-
with, without forms of law, and without assembling a Colin_
Cll. They also passed another decree, purporting that the se-
ditious should surrender themselves at discretion.

" The• Members of Congress and the GoVernment remain in
the Palace.

TuESDAY, JAN.97.-At two o'clock in the morning several
serjeants and corporals of the horse grenadiers, and of the Ist
iegiment, presented themselves, saying, that they,• as well as
the troops in the barratks of
_Los Gallos, had been deceiVed by
false assertion, which had been the cause of their having been
wanting in their dutyi that they had been taken by surprise,_
and even arrested in the same barracks. The Government took
the measures which were. expedient, at this hour twenty-two
delinquents were arrested, and confined in the lower rooms of
the Palace. The depositions are taking, and it is reported that
to-morrow, at latest, a Council of War will assemble. It is
generally believed that the principal leaders will be shot imme-
diately. • • _

‘"Piie Congress and the Government continue taking ener-
getic measures, in order that the public tranquillity should not
he again disturbed, and we have no doubt that affairs will con-
tinue perfectly tranquil. .Herrera and Arrillaga sent in. their
resignations which have not been admitted. ,Alarnan did the
same yesterday at 12 o'clock, and was so earnest about it, that
at length it was assented.to, and he is gone to his house, but
this day the secret has come out.
44 The Congress at this moment (five in the evening) is in
secret sittings, but the object of their deliberation is not known.
The Congress has maintained itself with incredible firmness and
dignity, and to which may be ,acribed our having been pre-
served froth those calamities We Were threatened with. All the
mutineers have appeared before the Government in the two
waoroc-
casions
din mentioned, excepting -one here or there 'missing as yet.
Couriers are to be sent m various directions with these news,
and
em an, Eillxt appear.r
ariltazlzotwtee,r elwi
them a thassa
o Manifesto
people have remained
lanifesto of the Govern..
m
in the greatest tranquillity, although Stabolli and otbermuti-
neets yesterday were endeavouring to stir them up, promising
pillage of three hours.
Guerro and Brabo are expected from one moment to an-
other."
The following very circumstantial narrative of the distur-
bances at Alexico was inclosed in a letter dated in Jalapa, on
Jan. 31, 1824, of which the following is an extract :
" hly dear Friend—The firmness of Congress and of the Go-
vernment on the days of the 24th to the 27th instant, has saved
us from an alarming commotion.
" General Lobato, a man in whom great confidence had
been reposed for molleration and sound ideas, assembled in
their barracks a part of his regiment, No. 5, which was then
at Mexico,nnited-to a major part of the garrison, amounting
to about 1,000 men, on the 22d inst. at night, made known by
means of a proclamation that he would not obey the Execu-
tive Power—that his object was to support the Congress for
the removal of the Executive, and that he would not lay down
his arms until that object was attained,—and'also that of re-
moving from public employments all European Spaniards re-
sident in the country.
. I have no time to enter into particulars, but the accom-
panying narrative, which was sent by express, reached this the
night before last, and will inform you of the whole. We may
hope now for a state of tranquillity for a length of time, and
also for more union in future. • •• •
"' There are 22 officers under arrest implicated in the com-
motion of the 27th. The Chief of them, Stabolli, was to have
been shot on the 28th, and a council of war was sitting on the
others. - • - • • _ _ _ _

it is to be regretted that the principal Chief, Lobato, by re-
ceiving the benefit of the amnesty, has his life spared, &c.'

The following official documents will throw great light on
the causes of the events to which the letter from Mexico refers.
The state of parties, artl the pretensions of individuals claim-
ing or retaining power, will be evident from the Proclamations
below which they severally addressed to the public. It cannot
fail to strike the least attentive reader, as important at the pre-
sent moment, that amid this strife of rival factions, there is not
heard a murmur from any quarter of a wish to re-subject the
country to Spanish dominion. Indeed, the origin of the dis-
turbances seems to lie in a very natural jealousy of the influence
of European Spaniards:—

PROCLAMATION OF GEN. JOSE MAFIA LOBATO TO

THE INHABITANTS OP MEXICO.

" Fellow citizens,—l was occupied in meditating on the
means of freeing you from the fears which you justly entertain
of seeing the Spaniards who are employed in the chief posts of
the state exerting themselves to establish a new and shameful
slavery, when I heard the horrid sound of arms which were
preparing to shed the blood of our brethren in the southern
division, for nothing more than having manifested our general
opinion.
" I could not remain indifferent to these proceedings, which
spring undoubtedly from the ignorance of the Government with
respect to our desires. I called together some of the meritori-
ous officers who serve under my command, and some private
individuals of this capital ; and we endeavoured to make our-
selves be heard by the Government, which plotted against my
liberty and that of my fellow-citizens. We did not hesitate a
moment about the necessity of uniting and using our arms, not
to threaten the national sovereignty, nor to manifest our opi-
nions, but io protect ourselves against the machinations of the
Ministry. Already the Government is acquainted with our
movement and its origin. Your desires will be accomplished,
and the sound of cannon will not disturb your repose.
",Inhabitants of Mexico—Remain tranquil. Let not the
exaltation of the passions be the moving cause of our opera-
tions ; let us give to the world a testimony of the constancy of
,our sentiments ; and, let us wait till the Representative As-
sembly decides on our fate.
" Blexif...o, Jan. 23, 1824.7
On the 24th the Generals and Commandants in Chief of the
corps in quarters at Mexico met to decide on the intimation
made by the Sovereign Congress to lay down their arms, and
submit to the existing Executive Power, on the understand-
ing that the Spaniards would be removed, &c. These officers
came to the following resolutions :
" 1. That they will not lay down their arms till the Sove-
reign Constituent Congress place the executive power in the
hands of Americans of known patriotic sentiments.
" 2. That all European Spaniards in general, and all Ame-
ricans little attached to the system of liberty, be deprived of
their employments till the Spanish nation desist from its hostile
pietensions against the free states of America, and recognize
their independence.
" 3. That till the foregoing articles are agred to, the Repre-
sentative Assembly shall guarantee their personal security ;
and if it does not do so in the proper time, they shall leave the
capital to occupy the points which the General-in-chief, Citizen
-Jose Maria Lobato, shall think proper to fix upon."
This paper is signed by the officers whose qualities are al-
luded to at its commencement.
" Inhabitants of Mexico.—The General of Brigade, Don
Maria Lobato, by abusing the trust reposed in him, has alarm-
ed a part of the officers and troops of this garrison, and, wanting
in respect to the laws, has disobeyed the Government, maintain-
ing himself in insubordination to the legitimate authorities to
whom lie swore submission. To give a favourable colour to his
conduct,
he has transmitted to the Sovereign Congress a repre.

sentation, which they have not deigned to take.into COnsidetation,
till he'layi down his arms. The public tranquility, and the ex-
istence even of the nation, are threitened, if all good citizens do
. not rally round.the Government to support it. If the nation is
disturbed—if, the constituted authorities are not respected—if
the arinecl force, ereCtirtg itself into a legislative power, pretends
to'dictate to the people ,the most terrible anarchy, civil war, and
all their attendant evils, are about to light upon. our unhappy
country, torn by hands that ought only to be employed in her
defence. . ,

. ,
. " Mexicans, you have given repeated proofs of your respect
for the supreme authorities ofyour love of order, of yoUr decided
attachment to independenceand liberty which these movements
danger. Government expeCts of you now the Same Conduct,
and flatters itself of your patriotism,• that resisting the sugges-
tions of the disturbers of order, you will firmly Support the de-
terminations of the Sovereign Congress, and the institutions
which must secure your happiness.
:" National Palace of Mexico, Jan. 24, fourth year of inde-
pendence, and third of liberty.
(Signed) " MICHILENA.

" MIoUEL DOMINGUEZ.'

• [From the Glasgow Courier, Marsh 18.1
We have been favoured by a Mercantile house
in town with the following important extract of a letter, dated
Havannah, February

" The Americans have found an excellent port and harbour
betwixt Vera Cruz and Alvaredo, where a fleet of any class
'may lie at anchor in any weather, as safe as in any harbour or
port in the world. All the vessels in that quarter lately entered
into it, and rode out the late heavy gales without the least dan-
ger. This is an important discovery."
We' observe, by the Prices Current, of same date, that the
market there for dry goods was very dull.

We understand that Count BETTER %, who was
n out kingdom some time since in con-
sequence ofofthe
alieged
improprieties of conduct to-
wards Prince EsTeauAzy, the Austrian Ambas-
sador, has ventured to returw to England in de-
fiance of the Alien Laws, and that. he is now
in London.

At a Meeting held in Leeds, on Thursday
last, of persons 'concerned in 'the Long Wool
Trade, it was agreed, in the event of the CIIAN.
C IiILLOR of the EXCHZQV ER persevering in the pro-
ject for permitting the exportationof British Wool,
to oppose the measure in Parliament with all
the force that can be brought against it.—
The Manufacturers, we understand, entertain
pretty confident by the belief that the Landed
Interest begin to perceivo the precipice upon
which they themselves will be placed if the 'new
theories of commerce are adopted by thern and
that they will therefore withhold their assent
from experimental propositions, the execution of
which must inevitably be followed by the ruin
of their own properties. Whatever may be the
notions with which, they, have been im-
pressed, as to the ability of certain :branches
of manufactures to stand an open cOnipctition
with their foreign rivals, they cannot but be
well aware that it is utterly impossible for the
British Agriculturist to pay either rent or la-
bour, if the markets of this country are to be
thrown open to the free admission of the corn
and other agricultural produce of the Continent.
Notwithstanding the ingenuity, therefore, with
which it has been argued in and out of Parlia-
ment, that every branch_of trade, which cannot
support itself without the aid of bounties and re,
strictions, is not worth having, and ought to he
abandoned to destrtiction, it will perhaps be found
difficult: to persuade the Landed Interest that
the value of their estates is also not worth pre-
serving, unless they can contrive to maintain it
without legislative protection, and that, there-
fore, the people ought to be at liberty to draw
their supplies of food from the cheapest corn
countries, although the result should be time total
ruin of our own agriculture ! The salutary in-
lluence of this view of the
subject, even if the
new system should triumph
in the House of
Commons, will probably be
felt in the House
of Lords, in which the ;Manufacturers should be
prepared to contest the question with all their
strength.

LYNN ELECTION, MA R 9. The Poll
closed this day at three o'clock. The numbers were—
For the Marquis of Titchfield - 177
Sir AV. Browne Folkes 89
Majority for the Marquis of Titchfield —BB
The Marquis of Titchfield was therefore declared duly
elected.

Mr. TUPPER, the British Consul, arrived at
January, in his Ma-
jLeastyGcuabyrriga
sonurtihneansh of
,!
On Friday night, at a late hour, Mr. WARD,
jun. arrived in town, by way of Portsmouth,
with dispatches from South America.
Saturday, the Duke and Duchess of CLARENCE
left Bushy Park for Windsor, on a visit to the
KING for a few days.
On the Bth inst., Lord and Lady Buacnaasn
left Florence on a visit to the Princess MARIA
LOUISA, at Parma. H.r Ladyship had recovered
from her accouchement about two months pre-
viou s.

TIIE TENTH HussAns.—Communications have
taken place between his Royal Highness the Duke of YORK,
and the Military authorities in Ireland, in connection with the
late published Letter of Mr. BATTIER. Last evening, dis-
patches reached the hands of Lord COMBERMERE on the sub-
ject, and no doubt exists but that such steps are in course of
adoption as will redeem the honour of the army, so far as it
could have been compromised by the folly of a few unthinking
individuals.—( Dublin Star, March 18.)
THE TENTH REGIMENT OF Nu SSARS.—The Tenth leave
Dublin Garrison, we believe, immediately. They will be
ordered into the interior.—lt is the intention of his Royal High-
ness the Duke of YORK to require a certain number of the
Officers of this Regiment to sell out, or exchange into other
ißegiments—and the new appointments into the Tenth are to be
mmediately resulting from his Royal Highness.—(lderm,
March 19.)

COMMUTATION OF THE SENTENCE ON SURGEON
CONOLLY.—Our exclusive sources enable us to announce to
the citizens of Dublin, to a large number of whom Mr. Co-
wo-t.m.- was personally known, while Snrgeon of the County
of Dublin Militia, that his Majesty the KING has been most
graciously pleased to commute the judgment passed upon him
of transportation for life, to twelve months' imprisonment in
Ole county gaol of Hertford.—To the general excellence of Mr.
CONOLLY'S character, and the friendly offices of Sir MATHEW
TIERNEY and other personages of great influence at Court,
he owes the commutation of his sentence.—( Dublin Star,
Marc( 18.)
