Sweepstakes 0 seo. each,

Duke of Devonshire's Sir Jacob Mr. Giffard's liokee Pokes
Lord Burlington's Chester Col. Cave, dish's by Brutandorf
Lord Cavendish's by Swiss Mr. E. Strutt's by Wrangler
Mr.W.Fitzherbert'sbyßonassus Mr. Bower's Lady Stafford
Mr. W. P. Thornhill's Cis Mr. J. G. Vernon's by Catton.
Mr. E. M. Mundy's Wastrel
Mr. Arkright is a subscriber, but did not name.
The Donington Park Stakes of sas. e,ich, with x Fit Buck,
the gift of the Marquis of Ilastinp, for horses, &c. nut
thorough-bred.

D. of Devcinshire's Grasshopper Mr. Story's Sweepstakes
Mr. James Sutton by Muley Mr. Willis's Major
Mr. Morris's the Corsair Mr. Hopkinson'. Napoleon
Mr. Taylor's Liberty Mr. W. t'arlin's Mantrap
Mr. Ordish's Admiral Mr. Sprigg's by The Flyer
Mr. Ab'iott's Moses Lord Lichfield's Dissolution
Capt. Tysson's Eguilette Lord Hastinzs did not name.
Stveepstak.-s of 5 sovs, each, with 20 soy.. given by the
Inhabitants and Puhlic,nq of Derby.
Mr. Mason Mr. Ordish ',fr. ninaley Mr. Whitt

GRAND SA.t.t.i,v. G MATCH.
The admirers of sailing yesterday experienced a high
treat in the contest for a Silver Cup and Cover given by
the Clarence Yacht Club. The Club boasts the patronage
,1 many persons of distinction, ant the m itch created a
very lively interest. At about a quarter to five the signal
'.vas given for being in readiness, and a prettier display of
craft of all descripti.an we never witnessed. The t .11ow-
mg boats had been entered to contend tor the priz- :
Yachts. Tons. Whereof. Flags.
Brilliant
Cascabel
Lady Emma S. .Rotherhithe ...Black, red cross.
Water Witch
Secret
Cascobel WAS Lot placed, and the other Stir only con.
'ended for the prize. At a few secon tw before five the
aistol was fired. The sails were hoisted wail amazing
ijuickness, and the b'sats turned round togetl.er. The
-tart was not the best in the worid, but the boats cleared
,itY in beautiful style. The Emma !poi the lead, but the
iVaterlVitch was first clear ; the wind wits W.N.W.
blowing strong. On their arrival at Vauxhall-bridge the
Witch was first through the Midide.ex arch, the B anta
being close up to leeward, and t: .e Brilliant The
latter, however, passed her opponent in Cl-iea Reach, and
the Lady Emma lost way very con-id •thiv ; she, ti 4v.
ever, got second wind, and vvot close up at Wandsworth.
The Water Witch first rounded the fl .g final, about a
minute and a half a-head of the Brilliant, the Lady being
close astern of the latter. The Wait( had only made two
tr three hoards and shifted their jib, when the Lady
:mimed the Brilliant, and gained Cut on the leattin4 b ist.
Übe Water Witch, however, maintained her superiority,
ind came in first on a very in lifferent tack, about half a
ninute a-head of the Lady Emma ; Brilliant was
.bout a minute and a half longer; the Secret was waited
hir some time, and never hail a shalow of chance.

The match was very atdy tnauagi d throughout, and the
party having retired to Oltver's C-ffee-honse (their Club.
~ouse), the Cup was presente l to the owner of the IVittr
Witch, and the remainder of the evening W 45 speut is
hilarity.

by the
The Governorship of Stirhitigki,C.a:nt,ile,,,f
kat!' of Ea HU
Earl DONOUGORC, the G morally ot
,Imuleiry, by the desth ot General l
uis Castle, by the death of Cul. Floovlcx, ere fiie.tht.

..t , . •
•-
• . • •
. .
SPIRIT or THE .PUBLIC JOURNALS. : writing for that great country from which th,. I which is threatened to-morrow ? They may en- 1 MURDER AND ROBBERY ON THE RIVER. ter's, and be accepted the offer. He was at the i THE MARKETS.
-4,- l House of Brunswick took its origin, the coup- trap some Junior Conservative-some half-and- I ______..„-......____ beer-shop the best art of the day on Tuesday, an -I • __erne_
COAL MARKET...4We 18.
The proceedings of the German. Diet referred cils of England have unravelled the web of Ha- half reformer, who hopes to make up for a few lOn Tuesday night a dreadful murder and robber yhe left there about nine o'clock in company with Per Ton. s. d. • Per Ton. a. d.
Walls End Riddell's „a... 19 9
)eetet day present /it -once an indisputable evi- 'lover, and have given security to Germans that had votes on Reform by- an appearance ofl was committed on the river Thames rear Vaux- the landlord's son, and continued talking.to a young Adair's ...............--.-. 16 9
girl until half-past.nine, when her mother told them mt
.Pefify...,....-...e_. 17 6 Ditto Todd and Watsona. 18 9
;-----..-. 16 3 Walls End Lambton:....... 21 0
race of the plot against human liberty prepared their Parliaments and their Press shall be free. economy. They may persuade a Mr. John i hall-{arid under very extraordinary circumstances. gto haunt her place, and drove them away. They rs 6 lifi'lanittrnlPlrlieltfonge'-'.191 0
Yesterday James Kitley, William Kennedy, Da-
. the Austrian and Prussian despots, and the We shall return to this subject, and endeavour Mills to play their game for them, but not one then returned to the beer-shop and met Kennedy,
niel Lyon, and William Brown, four youths of no- - 19 0 W. E. Russell's Helton.. 21 0
4 unerring guide to an escape from desiruc- to show that Europe is no less concerned in plain spoken, ten-pound voter-not one straight- who asked him if he was going on board.. There 16 9 Walls End ,3tewart's...... 21 -0.
torioudy bad character, and well-known to the
en on behalf of the people of the threatened effectine, this great junction, than the various forward, honest freeholder will they gain by the was another young man named John Flack, and he Ivivryillairon ....--. is 0t It: f:ring ezherse--- Is. S
Thames-police,. were brought before Captain !lien-
:ales. ' There is, as we have hinted, no room small States, whose only chance of strength is attempt. We are willing, nay, ready, to take
BELL, the sitting Magistrate at the Thames Police- asked him if he was going home. He said he was
Ditto%Talls End
e Bell &Brown' 18 9 Walls End Tees -.a-a 21 0
II wicke and C 0... 20 3 Tees Primrose - 17 0
doubt that the lot of Poland has long been union.-Times. the trial upon their own grounds. Mr. Mills office, charged with the wilful murder of Mr. Wil- not, but would turn in with him and Kennedy, anti Ditto Blake --....a.---a. 18 0 Cowpen- 18 6
they all 'went on board together. They reached the Ditta Clarke and C 0....-. 17 6 Walls End Elgin 16 6
:wined for all of the German nation which is trusts to the electors of Rochester or Worcester, • diem Wilkinson managing clerk to Messrs. WilliamWalls'End Gosforth ..-.... 20 6 New Flocktou, Milne, •
We know not that we ought to lament the barge by five minutes after ten. Flack slept in the Walls End Heat0n........ 19 9 and Co. ,17 3
et already embraced within the dominions of on the one side, and to those of Middlesex on Jacob and Co., merchants, Hare-court, Aldersgate-
decree of the Diet of Frankfort. In the lan- cabin with him, and Kennedy by himself. They Walls End Hotspur...-. 19 0 Silkstone Field and C 0....
le great military monarchies ;and the wretched the other. Let Mr. Mills, before lie makes his streer. Walls End Hilda -.-.. 19 0 Scremerstone Engine...-. 16 0
got up about six o'clock in the morning, and went Ditto KiWngworth .......... 18 9 Greenwich Hospi.. 16 0
ibmiesion of the diet to the decrees of Metter- i gunge of a French journalist, it puts an end to Ditto Newbiggen -..-..... 16 0 Adair's Trader l7 0
motion to-morrow, consult his constituents, or Mr. Thomas William Smales, a printer and sta. -to the herr shop.
Walls End Ne.. that ch... 20 0 South Durham Nuts small 13 r-
ich and his Berlin colleagues prove, that ill the 1 the lie of Constitutional liberty in Germany. let him succeed in it-let him play the
cards for dotter, of No. 56, Alderegate.street, on being sworn,saidthat he the Ditto borthumt.ertand .18 9
9nstituled powers of the several States no IWe do not apprehend that the people of the the Tories, and reinstate his new economical deposed as follows :--Last night Mr. Wilkinson Kennedy, in his defence,
heer•shop by a quarter before tell, when three young Ships arrived since last market-day, St.
; and myself hired a boat at Mr. Hodges's, a boat- ____........_____
elious obstacle reed be apprehended by the different German States are in a condi•ion to allies in their long-abused privilege of drawing fellows a-ked him to go and have a game at knock COUN FRY CORN MARKETS DURING THE WEEK.
builder, near Bleckfriars-bridge, to row up the i
Jture partitioners cf Germany. Against power offer any resistance to the force which the Great on the public purse and fettering the liberties of • • Wheat. 1 Barley. Oats. Beans. • e river
ateainst tide. We had got up as far as Vauxhull-
er 'em down, and they called for a light and played for
had
o established and concentrated as that of the Powers mean to direct against them. The Con- the people, and then let us see whose receptionbridge, when we observed one or two boats
rowing serre beer in the skittle ground. After they
Per- -...
Quarter. s. to s. s. to a. s. to s. s. to s.
finished the game, he went on board the barge with
;spurts of Berlin and Vienna, there is no defence stirution, therefore, will be annihilated. But upon the hustings will prove the most cordial, his after ne, and keeping time with us, which we did Ab1ngi10n......-... 62 81 31 43 22 30 38 --.
Kitley and Flack, and he would swear it was not And0ver.................. 73 80 37 41 - 23 - 44
lilt in a complete partneiship of feeling and will the Governments which commit this aggres- or that of the Hon. Member for Middlesex l not exactly like. When we got through the bridge Bri ngh am........ 56 66 40 44 24 32 -- .52
coon among the secondary and minor States. sion really strengthen themselves thereby ? %Ve These are no times for crotchets, for nice dis- we found the people in the two boats had got very more than a quarter-past ten when he got on board. 6 dport -.---.. 56 74 32 36 26 30 --. 54
When he was ar the beer-shop that moriting,K ,ley Cirencester .............. 50 62 26 38 21 25 36 41
he number of these States, indeed-nut less doubt it very much. The aggression will rankle tinctions 1 The enemies of freedom are ranged near in shore, and were pulling very strong against Townley
aollinseei \,,Redye a, hi
nug7t 1
Lauriindrion...-.... B6 36 40
2266
us, We had a light funny, and my friend said: said that Mr. Michell, who had had him before,
-lan thirty-would seem to a common-place in the minds of the people, and many who are on the one side, struggling in the last agony,Henleyrd
---.
48
763 2 li , 35
7.: 2
Smales, we mint not let tilitose people s us.' wanted to see him. He inquired which way he had
hseryer, to oppose no slight impediment to now passive will be converted by this injustice and with the recklessness of despair, in hopes, one, and went to meet him, and he was taken iwo
mMoaindmeinead - 56 68 34 44 22 - 30 36 37
Ithirll7---- t 1.4 92
44
,41/ 2-8 -34 --
N
then pulled as we could, until
le adoption of any harmonious and con- into decided enemies. All Governments must ere the axe falls upon their political career, that custody.
Reading ...-- 65 90 31 47 21 27 34 42
we came to the Spread Eagle, on Thames- th-.......... 56 61 39 .- - - -
intent policy on their part, inasmuch as it rest for support on some influential body. But some desperate effort, some unlooked-for acci: benk, beyond the entrance to Lord Grosvenor 's Lyons, in his defence, said he was at Mr. Lacey's,
Southampton -
64 6786: :3,33: 40 Es E
=36
46
it.lst lay open an encouraging field to the ac- the Government which trusts entirely to an canal, when we drew in our oars. I took out my the Duke's Head, in Fore-street, Lambeth, on Mon-
dent, may arrest its descent. He who would lenti
vlvexawbnkrtie:igsgliii r,........„.....y ...-,....
5,615
4,1 :37 142
r.,
31180 3
4-._ •
:6442
ivity of corruption, misrepresentation, and army soon becomes the slave of that army; and them aid to protract their existence, is no friend watch to see what time it was, and found we had day night, and he said if he had nothing to do he
hour. It was then exactly ten o'clock,
/alive. But let it be recollected how vast the instrument of its power almost always be to the cause of Reform, whose fruits he would been out one might coie and eolleci the pots in next day, and he
was engaged coll. cting puts for Mt. Lacey from
I the object, and how glorious would he the comes the means of its destruction. The Ger- thus destroy, or to the people, whose hopes he and my friend said to me, " I think we can go on Warminster ........ 48 68 32 42 20 27 34 46
nine o'clock on Tuesday morning, until eleven o'cleck
riumph, of such an enterprise for the relief of mans are a good and honest people. They, would ten minutes longer, and then return with the ride, Windsor,..
......,. 59 - - - 21 22 - 52'
nip in their bud ;and under whateverat night. Worcester.----... 65 66 44 51 31 31 -- 50
lemony, and the final protection of Europe; like all their Teutonic brethren, are deficient in pretext it may be done, whether of ignorance or and we wish take a lass of ale at the house," Mr. Mitchell said he coull bring witnesses to dis- LEWEs MAIt K ET.-July 17.
(meaning the .t•pread Eagle). While this con-
nd then let not a noble and patriotic under- quickness and fire, and are somewhat more pa- of folly, he may depend on such conduct meet-
hvears. tion was going on,
.one of the boats which prove part of this - statement. White Wheat (per quarter)........... X 3 4 oto X s 0
Red ditto 3 2 0 3 S 0
eking be abandoned without at least one virtuous tient of wrong than is consistent with the proper big no favour seeth the nation.-Mcon. Citron. Brown, who said he was a costermonger, and 8ar1ey....-- .. 14 o 10 0
• d been previously chasing us passed us. We soldf • did thing he d Lambeth,b oats, el
ruir, or any con' in r - ats. *few -.... 1t 0 2 0
Hort to accomplish it. The population of the dignity of our nature ; but they are persevering
Nothing can be more despicable than the thought no mere of it, arid pulled a few Pease ...... 115 0 14 0
iecondary and inferior States which send re re and obstinate, and do not easily lose the impres- - OH Cake. New .12 0 n per thousand.
electioneering tricks which are sometimes played more stroke:
ahrett. thirty yards from the Spread Eagle causeway,
with our oars until we were ing about the Borough with "another chap," from CH ELTENH A5l M A REET.-July 17.
;entatives to the Diet amounts to about sioes which have been communicated to them.
on the eve of' an election, by men who never Per Bushel s. d. to s.d. Pet lb. d. to d.
15,000.000. Could these be animated by a We are supposing that the people under the . . when the same bout whict had • ,just before passed us nine until eleven o'clock on Tuesday night, and was
Wheat ...
think of the people but upon such occasions,
came right athwart our boat with great Lime. My in bed by a quarter past eleven. He lived with h.s Barley 4 0 5 6 Mutton
.: •6 7
!oinintin spirit of hostility to the two great Courts different Constitutional Governments against Oats
when the think of them
only with a view to paients in High-strew, Lambeth.
vhich are manifestly conspiring their subjection, which the Decree of the Diet is directed . Y. friend immediately exclaimed, "We are foul of is Beans
Jell Flack,
n a youth of low appearance, whose Pease
their own interest. A case of this nature oc• o --
nd of reliance on each other for the good of are really attached to these Constitutional h boat ere ; let us shove her off." We according'y was then called
demeanour resembled the prisoners,
curred its the House of Commons last night. 1 .
iegan the operation of getting clear of her, but "e i sad . witness. He said he HULL MARKET-July 17
11, there is no question that a power might be Governments ; for we can hardly suppose w itexemined as a
edo not say it was one of the worst we have found she came further alongside f • as fast as we at- Wheat Old -s 58s. 60s. ti"" ..g. 608. 662.-
et on foot which, with the countenance of that Austria and Prussia would have been in so carman and lived in Lambeth.bu ts. He said he -- ' Foreign -s 50s. 545.......1n bond... --s. -s. -...5.
ever known, for the measure by which the Right tempted to get clear of her. At that moment one ' Oats, Poland s 20s 22s ......Old -1 -a. 245.
France and England. would have nothing to fear much alarm had a few hot-headed youths or was at Mr. Bean's beer-shop from eight until ten
0•lion. Member (he was a Right Honourable) of the men in the boat made a snatch at our two
o'clock, Small or Feed. .. s lfts 20s .-6. +4. ...S.
when he went on board the barge in corn- - Foreign -s. 16s. IBs ...11..••••11. ....1.
rum Prussia and Metternich united. And why metaphysical dreamers been alone concerned.
attempted to ingratiate himself with his tonsil- coats, which were lying at the bottom of our funny, pang wiih Kitley. There was no one else but h•m Barley, Norf. & Suf ... -s 335.3-Is. Linc. & Wold -s. 36s 38s.
hould such a prospect be looked upon as The Germans are not an energetic people. They Just beneath my friend's feet. --- Foreign
t Uents was a measure to which no objection could e, ,, , , and Kttley went to the barge. Kennedy did notgo Beans 30s. 3,25. ills. Foreign ..... .....-4. 32..345.
thnily vain ? The burden which weighed Jowl, have not the high mettle of the French. But, Capt. RICHBELL directed the witness to look we e fem. pease, White.... -s. 38s. Vs. Grey -a. ...11. -a.
be offered on its own account. The circum- (Kentiedy, in his defence, said he did.)
3ermany from 1806 to 1813, was not more on the other hand, they are without the incon- . round and see 11 he could point out the man who Pares
stances, however, under which it was made, and There was no h ''
h
ocher er person on board the barge w en Rapeseed, in bond. none.
grievous than that which is now prepared for her. ..tansy of the French. The German provinces the
snatched the coats. he went there, but Kennedy came on board during NORWICH, July 14.
purpose it was designed to serve, gave it all The • witness fixed his eyes on Kennedy, whose Wheat (per qr.) .. 60s 665. 68s. I Beans (per qr.) ......... 355. 40s.
i•ne sense of shame and misery was not more of France were slow to embrace the revolution ;
the characteristicsf b
selfish
o a and
shallow sell- countenance underwent a visible alteration and said
. the night. Witness awoke at an early hour, and
~ Barley 32s. 345. Pease, Grey 365. 40s.
naiad than that which oueht to be produced but they have long been the most devoted of all fi ' • ' heard Kitley call out to Kennedy, " Are you there? oar. , 22s 26, 28s. Fleur, fine Mer sack) 48s. 50s.
, ce. We allude to the motion of Mr. Dawson "To the beat of my recollection, that is the man
iy the - language of the despotic Diet, the provinces to the order of things which grew They had some conversation, but he don't recollect L AN! EBB,. RI, July 14.
to exempt the Irish Society from the payment who stole the coats." Wheat, white.......... 589. tom.
and by the schemes of tyranny and ruin out of the revolution. It is well known that the
of . . what it was about. He doter know where Keneedy - old.-- -8. to-a.
red-............. 50s. ..... Old. ....4 me ....41.
certain sums to the Governor of London- Mr. E. W. Symons, the chief clerk, asked the wit- was from eight until ten o'clock, but he was not with Barley, Malting...... -s. to -.4. -. Grinding.. 24; to 308. '
Nitich it indicates. Napoleon was an arbi eastern deeartments, or the Upper and Lower ness what cap the man had on ? ats - 2os. to 28s. ....... 01d........... -s. to -s.
derry, in order that they might be applied to him. He did not see any one take a boat away from Beans , 333. to 388 ........ Old-a-a 38s. tO 40s.
:rare conqueror, but not more arbitrary than Rhine, &c., constitute the chief strength of the Mr. Stnales said that he had a red cap with a
the improvement of the district. The Chancellor Moore's. Pease --..... ...S. tO -S. .......... Grey- 3.35. to 375.
Francis, or Frederick William ; yet what Get-re Liberals. But it re Hired extraordinary efforts , white berth` on.
of the Exchequer at once declared that the only Mr. Mitchell-And have you not stated that you MANCHESTER, .luly 14.
recommended to his countrymen in 1806, was to drive liberal principles into the people of these ' ' The MAGISTRATE. here directed Kennedy to put Wheat, per 701 b. 9s. 9d. to 105.2 d. Red 9s, 6, 1. to 9s. 6d.
object of the Right Hon. Gentleman in making his cap, saw some one take a boat away ? Witness, after Barley, per 601 b 5 6 6 0 Oats 3 6 3 8
executed by them in 1813,-a league of the departments. The following extract from a work on cap, which exactly answered the description some hesitation, said he had not. Beans, te,rlmperial quarter
b Ich a motion was "to obtainpopularityin that - lute, per Imperial bushel
people against the oppressor, whom they at- in a number of volumes published at Paris in s'
a,part of Ireland." But the real feeling Malt, per 6 Imperial bushels 43 0 49 0
ack..-d, and in two campaigns overturned. What 1792, under the title of " Voyage dans des De-
Dawson with respect to such abuses as he thus no doubt that is the man, and that is the red cap he
ore the words of that aisle wed eloquent Ger- partmentsde la France, par une Societe d'Artistes Toe witness persisted in declaring that he had EXETER MA BEETS --July 13. .
ded to oppose, was well explained
Pretended by Mr. was wearing at the time. Beef (score) Os. M. 9. 6d. Wheat (bushel) ...Ss. Od. Bs. 6cl.
matt ? When a " people or a generation is so et des Gcns 'des Lettres ' (vol. 2), affords some not told any one he saw a boat taken away.
syng and Sir H. Hardinge, the former of whom Mr. Smales then continued his narrative :-The Mr. Smales said, that he had seen the keeper of Veuetltoanuills.L...7-1 gi 8
.7 gaartlsey .................A 6 4 9
_9 3 2 5
fir degraded by selfishness, and by a low and curious illustrations of this:- Pork 0 4 0 6 Beans 5 6 6 0
stated that he was urged by the Right Hon. two coats were then taken away, and, us soon us the beer shop that morning, and he had contradicted
contracted manner of thinking, as to have lost "The department of the Lower Rhine (says the writer) Geese (each) -4 05 6 Butter (1b.).............1 0 1 3
they obtained them, they began to shove off. I en-
in which thepatriotic societies were 'nog necessary, Gentleman to apply for that very situation on the statement of Kennedy, respecting his calling Ducks 'couweN....A 05 0 Egss 'l2l .._ ( , .......-...0 0I 0
311 sense of public interest, as to weigh the value . . the deevored to lift my oar from the rowlocks to strike Fowls ............ 30 4 0 Potatoes (peck) ...0 60 7
and in which they have rendered the greatest service. It behalf of his brother, and the latter of whom for a light and proceeding with three others to the
.if independent existence in the same balance had a sort of aristocracy •• in addition to what exited else- charged
,ed him with having supported the same Kennedy, and made three or four attemps, but whe- skittle-ground to I knack-' dpay at em- own. He was DUMFRIES MARKETS.-July H.
s. d. s.d.t s. d. 5. d.
with the commonest benefits, and to view the where. One can hardly imagine the numerous swarm of • - •
situation and principle through thick sad thin boats
they i effected my purpose I cannot say.
The not the-re at that time Wheat, Imp. Bush... 7 3 cob 0 But er, 16oz
•
at that moment sepanted, and the men had men. M. • Barley 4 0 4 6 Eggs, dozen 0 0 0 0
oss of liberty and honour as an event of indif- servile being. which had their living from the priests. Fo- Mr. Mir said he had not at present any more o.,ts 22 2 6 Beef, per lb."'"
0 4 0 5
while in office, though he now so unaccountably head to the tide, and were • going rapidly away from Flour,' riii;. .......... - 3 0 3 4 Mutton 0 4 o'o
ereilce, then it is no longer time to appeal to reign priests, great proprietors of estates, had residents, witnesses to produce, and Captain R ICRBELL re-
-hen steward., receivers, chamberlains farmers•a hierarchy resisted it. If the people of Derry can be so us, when my friend made a spring from the boat mended the prisoners for further• *
and Oatmeal 1 9 2 0 Veal 0 4 0 5
,able feelings-slavety,is _complete bd., ire the . .‘"
of reciprocal interests made of all these peoples() many links easily imposed on by one who adopts a different we were in, and darned six or eight feet, and caught -a.-
directed then to be kept separate.
oppressor has al-peered." These words were t a c„„,mon chain, and that chain at one end touched the line of conduct in office and outofoffice,
at the their boat with his hands. He clung to the gun- lee Wilkinson,
Mr. l thedeceased, was a fine young IRISH MARKETS.
vritten to stimulate the universal mind of Ger- feet of the idol, and the other rested on the necks of the d snuggled several times to get into theirDUBLIN MARKET NOTE. FRIDAY, July 13.
commencement of a Parliament and on the eve wale, a" 25 d
man, aged years, 811 . was greatly esteemed by From To Average.
many against the crushing sway of Bonaparte. utifortunat« people, who gave their blood and their sweat . seize the parties who had attacked us,but his boat and
to fatten all these bri,g•nds. There was an Aristocratic of an election, the privilege of choosing their employere. The Magistrate has given direc- 392 Wheat, per barrel 20 stone 28 0 36 0 34 5
b
[it the subsequent ►passages of the address, ath. y struck tem over the head and hands with their 9 Bele l6 atone 15 0 - 0 - 0
lon here unknown to the re.t of Fiance Add to this own representatives cannot be,after all, of so gaiters to use every exertion to find the
lions to the offic • fi 0 Harley...... .. 16 stone - 0 - 0 - 0
Dijon of the people is everywhere pointed at, as cio y • • • between the ' much ••
inconvenience a certain connection ..etween character importance as has been described. But
.hat instrtei.ent which alone can work out the f its inhabitints and the German character, which, more •
the people will not be duped by such shallow force of the blows on his head to let go. He then A
attempted to Bairn towards the boat I was in, but the urags. 10,384 Cwt. F10ur.......... 9 stone 7 0 23 0 0 0
669 Oatmeal 8 stone 10 0 13 0 10 11
elver ion of their country. It did not appear cool, min,. doughy. has not the warmth necessary to con.
artifices. The• • y will be ashamed to be imposed he was again struck on the head, and failed i.s his After the examination, which did not conclude sold to Makers only.
'-himerical to Geritz chat such a league should 'rive, undertake, • xecute, and eaculate the results of great . until a late hour, had terminated, Mr. Mitchell, the 9 '634 Average Cwt.
FlopTice of Wheat and 1.7 0 22'
0 " 19 4
',oilfield ci.nvidsif,tis • their impetstiti 41, credulity, which upon by such means, though the Right Hon. endeavours to reach it. The witness, who a -our 48.. 4d. per ACK;
be contemplated. He thought it not itnpos- , P officer, and White and JudeJdg, two of his men, pro- Receipts of Flour, 12,521 Firsts, -,,........ from 21s. Od to Mr ad,
aiw. vs rev on the Man whose siren th is more in matter Member was not ashamed to employ them.- peered quite overpowered wiih his feelings, here Seconds,..... from 17s. Od.' to 205., Id.
:able that sordid interests might be set aside, huid'inPcertain g virtue, which ceeded in a boat towards Lambeth, to make further Sales of Do. 10,3,34 .
Thirds,...... from 7s. Od. to 12s. Od.
intellect; a ta.te even for
-.hat little jealousies might be for seems innate in these constitutions, tenders it always easy able to proceed.) During this time I put out a inquiries into this melancholy affair. Ott their way PRICE OF BREAD.
Quartern Loaf .9%d. I Half Quartern....................410.
otten,-that noble sentiments might supersede to lead them astray when the priests set about tie work, Our readers will do well, in order to learn the scull and an oar, but could-not reach him, nor was to Lambeth they met with Mr. Bean, the keeper of
Wheat, Barley. Oats. Flour, per cwt. '
all others, and one heart direct and impel tht vie you will see that if the Patriotic Societies hat in other true character of the present Opposition in both t able to make any way, and mf • , y friend disappeared, the beer shop from which the prisoners sallied out per barrel per barrel per barrel r.--..."-A----7..„
only the 'rouble of conversion, they wre here sub- with the intention of committing robberies on the 20 stone. 16 stone. 14 stone. Ist. 2d.
energies of 30,000.000 of a warlike nation. places
• • Houses of Parliament, to glance for a moment while the parties its the boat rowed off as hastily as
leered to the net s.ity and the danger of fighting. But itriver. M B hailedlffinsand • -----
r. eau the o cers, communi-
And wliat was the cause for which Gentz ap- a but justice to add, that t' e republican renius once at the speech of Mr. Dawson last night in the possible. During the ~hole of this business I e
cateu to Mr. Mitchell that he had been informed by Cork -.a.. 300 31 3 136
s.d.a s.d. s.d.as.d. s.d.as.d. s. d. as. d. s. d.as. d.
14 3f 10 0 10 9 17 0 19 6 6 0 16 6
rwaleel to German honour? It was the cause reefed in this department, it will he indestructible They one, and of the Doke of Wellington in the was calling out " Murder," and was at length his son that the prisoners and the witness Flack on limerick el 6 300 130 14 0112 0 13616 0 19 00 0 15 0
VV. terfordi29 0 10 13 0 160 11, 0 11 017 0 19 10 0 16 0
If itidepelidence, to be sure ; but of the rode- ire still the same Germans th,t, under Artninius, were SO 0 i her. Thank Heaven ! having nothing to carp answered from the shore by the jack-iu-the-water t r
i ''''" e entering his house that morning, called for a lighted cionmet...l29 430 0 120 16 0113 6 139 17 0 19 013 0 16 0
terrible to the Roman.," &c. at but the popularity of his Majesty's Minis- at the Spread Eagle, who called the waiter, and they Carlow -pi 0 32 016 0 17 0110 1) 10 620 6 21 0 00 0A
viidetice of native upon foreign Governments. tandle, and commenced burning some papers. On
They who expect from the Germans ane of tees, they are now falling foul of one another- both put off in a boat, but were too late to save my learning this fact, he picked up some of the frag- I Beef, Mutton, l'ork, Butter.
Et was emphatically in the cause of Princes that it lend, who was struggling in the water altogether per lb. per lb. per cwt. Ist. 2d. .3d.. tth.'sth.
those ra id combinations and splendid efforts of their own principles, and their .own former merits, which he produced, and the hand-writing -
le besought the people to shed their blood. P nearly ten minutes. When I got ashore I. meta
which reflected such honour on French bravery doing. We say, "11 a
-4). speed them." Theupon several bits of paper was immediate'y pro- id. ad.d.ad.s.d.as.d.s.d. s. d. s. d. s. d. it. d.
That the despotism of Napoleon was a foreign • • Y 11r. Uewin, the proprietor of the Water Witch Frlll'ertek- 3i. 5 5 629 0 32 077075 0 69 .164 059 0
nounced b Mr. Smales to be that of Mr. Wilkie- 431 4 :34 0 350'77 071 6.1 0590530
it) the famous three days of July, will assuredly cannot be better employed Than •an in pursuit of
lel), ,tism , must be acknowleded and that topic 1 • .• • • • • salitig boat, and one of the Thames ponce officers, Waterford 36 3 53503608007670 0 66 0 60 0
son. One contained part of a line of poetry,
ie disappointed. I his 18 nut in their character•
• such game, our the country be more amusedhnonmel - 4 5 5 637 I) 38 li 79 070 .... 0-9 - 0
vas skilfully urged by • the patriotic statesman. who happened to be at the Spread Eagle; and th y aiid Mr. g 'df. friend d
. -ma!es said that osan another Carlow.... 4 51i0 0 0 0 0070 0 60 50 0-0 - 0
They are of too tame a character to attempt a than in witnessing the fray. Only 'think of Mr. proCti d
ry the drags arid went on the river, but were
But what was the pressure of Napoleon upon
-1 g-ntleman had been lately engaged in writing Blum:mt.-Butter 76i to 78s. per cwt. ; Wheat 30s. to 325.
ling out of the common track. Their sepses- Dee son lecturing his Majesty's
Ministers for unable to find the deceased. Soon afterwards I 20 .
he heads of German Governments, comparedpoetry. Mr. Mitchell imi d iel tookpossessionper barrel Flour sto 345. per bag; Oats Bs.
ne •a y ; to 10s. per bar-
tion too auto different States throws almost • tn. Thames police pall, s and accome '
having done that which he had himself defended met roue of the p . y , i• Barley 13s to 158 • Beef 4d. to 54 ier lb • Mutton 4d
troe gd . . , _ . 1 . , .
a ith the torment inflicted by these same Govern- ', '
auperaele difficulties in the way of great combine- w hen a M b „f ►the ponied Mr. Ua win and the officers to the police
rents upon the rights and comforts of individual . . T a ern er of the Government- of Fleck, who, ere this, las no doubt been taken Pigs 32% to 338. Per cwt.
__ _ ,
k. s
i. -
rs
___
_......:_i.
r_is
„As, ;is Isis I.,ir ,10.11 s. he armies, too, have little of the chivalrous klarquis of Londonderry compl ' • of Earl
wiling sh p off Somerset-house, where I gave information
into custody.

The proceedings of the German. Diet referred
to testetday present at once an indisputable evi-
dence of the plot against human liberty prepared
by the Austrian and Prussian despots, and the
only unerring guide to an escape from destruc-
t:on on behalf of the people of the threatened
States. - There is, as we have hinted, no room
to doubt that the lot of Poland has long been
destined for all of the German nation which is
not already embraced within the dominions of
the great military monarchies; and the wretched
submission of the diet to the decrees of Metter-
nich and his Berlin colleagues prove, that in the
constituted powers of the several States no
serious obstacle reed be apprehended by the
future partitioners cf Germany. Against power
so established and concentrated as that of the
Courts of Berlin and Vienna, there is no defence
but in a complete partnership of feeling and
action among the secondary and minor States.
The number of these States, indeed—not less
than thirty—would seem to a common-place
observer, to oppose no slight impediment to
the adoption of any harmonious and con-
sistent policy on their part, inasmuch as it
must lay open an encouraging field to the ac-
tivity of corruption, misrepresentation, and
intrigue. But let it be recollected how vast
is the object, and how glorious would he the
triumph, of such an enterprise for the relief of
Germany, anti the final protection of Europe ;
and then let not a noble and patriotic under-
taking be abandoned without at least one virtuous
effort to accomplish it. The popula:ion of the
secondary and inferior States which send repre
sentatives to the Diet amounts to about
15,000,000.. Could these be animated by a
common spirit of hostility to the two great Courts
which are manifestly conspiring their subjection,
and of reliance on each other for the good of
all, there is no question that a power might be
set on foot which, with the countenance of
France and Eegland, would have nothing to fear
from Prussia and Metternich united. And why
should such a prospect be looked upon as
wholly vain ? The burden which weighed down
Germany from 1806 to 1813, was not more
grievous than that which is now prepared fur her.
The sense of shame and misery was not more
painful than that which ought to be produced
by the - language of the despotic Diet,
and by the schemes of tyranny and ruin
which it indicates. Napoleon was an arbi-
trary conqueror, but not more arbitrary than
Francis, or Frederick William ; yet what Gentz
recommended to his countrymen in 1806, was
executed by them in 1813,—a league of the
people against the oppressor, whom they at-
tacked, anti in two campaigns overturned. What
are the words of that able arid eloquent Ger-
man ? When a " people or a generation is E 0
fir degraded by selfishness, and by a low and
contracted manner of thinking, as to have lost
all sense of public interest, as to weigh the value
of independent existence in the same balance
with the commonest benefits, and to view the
loss of liberty and honour as an event of indrf-
h-renee, then it is no longer time to appeal to
noble feelings—slavery ,is _ complete before the
oppressor has appeared." These words were
written to stimulate the universal mind of Ger-
many against the crushing sway of Bonaparte.
le he subsequent passages of the address, a
union of the people is everywhere pointed at, as
that instrtoi.ent which alone can work out the
salvation of their country. It did not appear
chimerical to Gentz that such a league should
be contemplated. He thought it not Impose
sible that sordid interests might be set aside,
—• hat little jealousies might be for
gotten,—that noble sentiments might supersede
all others, and one heart direct and impel thr
energies of 30,000.000 of a warlike nation.
And what was the cause for which Gentz ap-
pealed to German honour? It was the cause
of iudepeodence, to be sure ; but of the inde-
pendence of native upon foreign Governments.
It was emphatically in the cause of Princes that
he besought the people to shed their blood.
That the despotism of Napoleon was a foreign
despi tism, must be acknowledged, anti that topic
was skilfully urged by • the patriotic statesman.
But what was the pressure of Napoleon upon
the heads of German Governments, compared
with the torment inflicted bythese same Govern-
ments upon the rights and comforts of individual
men. If the German patriot fought in 1813 for
his German master, how much more powerfully
is lie appealed to now on behalf of his own 11-
-berties as a freeman ! For the assault of the
Austrian and Prussian absolutism is twofold,—
it applies the lash to each feeble Sovereign, for
no purpose but that he tnay scourge his unhappt
subjects in their turn. In many of the smaller
states of Germany, the ruling power is well-dis-
posed towards the introduction of liberal in•
stitutions, but this master-demon interferes.
and cries out, " In the name of my
vested interest in 30,000,000 of slaves,
not a man throughout all Germany shall
breathe the air of freedom." Then if,
in 1813, the brave German people rose with
one will for the restoration of power to the hands
of their native Princes, will they now be dea'
and torpid, when the question involves the per-
sonal safety of each family beneath its own pro-
per roof ? If the Sovereigns of the smaller
states will transfer the machinery of a Diet to its
wise and virtuous purpose, and instead of sub-
jecting their suffrages and resolutions to the sel
fish commands of Austria, if they will vote and
decide ith one accord in favour of their °Wit
independence and of the welfare of their subjects,
against the cruel usurpation which aims at sub-
verting boll, they have before them an easier
and far more glorious work than that which titer
before coutributed with the greater German
Powers to accomplish. France, England, HOl-
land, Switzerland, and the Rhenish provinces,
even under the nominal rule of Prussia, will ,be
will them. The master mind, the Maurice of
Saxony, the William I. of Nassau, may not in•
deed yet be forthcoming, but events will create
him. The stake will stimulate the player. If he
be not among the Princes, look amongst the peo-
ple, and he will soon be found; that mine is yet un-
nth d, and it is inexhaustible. Where could the
British Goveinment, the liberal Government of
England, discover or propose to itselfa more heroic
end, than the emancipation of the secondary
German Powers from the horrible bondage just
disclosed in all its terrors by this formal dentin-
dation of the Inquisitorial Court at Frankfort ?
Could England coalesce with France for ,the
furtherance of a more beneficent or exalted po
licy than the encouragement of a league of free
German States—a defensive league against the
aggressions of the sabre ? We have' Ministers
there ; and in spite of Austria, Prussia, ay, and
Hanover,—that reptile which we warmed, aim
whose venom we have nourished,--a British
Cal Met may yet, have the glory of aneouncing,
that if the Diet, and the Hanoverian delegate
among the Int st forward of them, have resolved
that there shall be no freedom of speech or

They who expect from the Germans an' of
those rapid combinations and splendid efforts
which reflected such honour on French bravery
iu the famous three days of July, will assuredly
he disappointed. .1 his is not in their character.
They are of too tame a character to attempt a
'ling out of the common track. Their separa-
tion, too, into different States throws almost in-
superable difficulties in the way of great combina-
now. The armies, too, have little of the chivalrous
ardour possessed by the French. The German
soldier is the last who would think of refusing to
obey any commands. In the Peninsula Do Rocca
observes, that the German soldiers were proof
against all impulses. After the defeat of Cuesta,
when it became necessary to convey bands of
Spanish peasants from one extremity of Spain to
►he other, the Frenchman in charge of prisoners
sometimes connived at their escape when his feel-
rigs were touched ; and at last they were obliged
to employ exclusively on this duty Germans,
in whom mechanical obedience is a second na-
ture. We fear that the soldiers will act against
their countrymen without remorse, if they are
ordered to do so. They will be blind instru-
ments in the hands of the Monarchs. But the
dragon's teeth now sown will spring up, in time,
armed men. Even Germans may, in time, be
brought to perceive that there is a period beyond
which endurance ought not to extend. They
may be brought, in time, to the temperature Of
action. The Constitutions cannot be destroyed
without engendering dangerous feelings in the
bosoms of the most apathetic. Fortunately, too,
the people on the Rhine, on whome these at-
tempts are about to be made, are of a more
hardy and vigorous character than the inhabi-
tants of the sandy plains of Prussia and Hano-
i:en—Morning Chronicle.

Some of the Subs of the Opposition attempted
again last night to attack Mr. Hume for his vote
upon the Russian Dutch Loan on Monday
last. We are not surprised. It was, no doubt,
wormwood to the faction, to find that the bait
with which they had calculated on catching the
economists, proved so utterly useless, and the
operation of chewing the cud of their failure is
far from pleasant. We have already expressed
our opinion of the conduct of the Hon. Mem-
ber for Middlesex on that occasion, and we feel
satisfied that not only his constituents, bul the
mass of the people of England, agree with us
in it. The dissentients will be found only on
.he Opposition benches of the Hon. House, or
amongst the small remnant of disappointed To-
ries out of doors, whose notable scheme for
turning out Loid Grey's Administration was so
signally disappointed, and who are tainted alike
by the disgrace of the attempt and of the failure.
Mr. Hume may justly be proud of the part he
played ; and if proof were wanting, he might
rind it in the irritation and soreness of the To-
ries. And even this party really think that they
can delude the country into a belief that they
':are for the public purse, or delude themselves,
into a notion that they will populariie themselves
or detract from the popularity of their oppo-
nents, by such tricks as that of Monday, or that

Our readers will do well, in order to learn the
true character of the present Opposition in both
Houses of Parliament, to glance for a moment
at the speech of Mr. Dawson last night in the
one, and of the Duke of Wellington in the
other. Thank Heaven ! having nothing to carp
at but the popularity of his Majesty's Minis-
ters, they are now falling foul of one another—
of their own principles, and their own former
doing:. We say, " God speed them." They
cannot be better employed than in pursuit of
such game, nor the country be more amused
than in witnessing the fray. Only think of Mr.
Da,,, son lecturing his Majesty's Ministers for
having done that which he had himself defended
v, hen a Member of the Government—of the
Marquis of Londonderry complaining of Earl
Grey being too fond of making kings, after
having accused him of a design to overturn the
throne and Constitution—and lastly, of t heDuke
of Wellington demurring to the occupation of
Algiers by the French Govermnent, which oc-
cupation took place, and was not resisted by him
when First Lord of the Treasury ! Proh pu-
dor !—Morning Advertiser.

The English and Foreign News of Friday
gave the horritale details of an a tempted murder, by one
CARKW, on the body ..f his wife, at. Vauxhall, in this
island, on Thursday, the 28th *ult., and of the means pur-
sued by the " constituted authorities" to taring the perpe-
trator to justice. That a murder was *rally meditated,
beyond all doubt; not t nly from the ,estimony of tho-e to
WIP,M he had communicated h s diabolical purpose, buy
from the triable wounds I e inflicted with a shoemaker's
knife—first, at half past seven in the morning, and again
at ti-m, when be was apprehended, in the actual comrois-
Sion of the deed, with great difficulty. But what asto-
nishes evil), holy, is the manner in which the fellow
has been dealt with, and that, ton, under the semblance of
au administration ot ju•tice. He was committed on
Thursday, and tried the following S tturday, without the
te•timrrny of a single witness to the act ot cutting and
maiming his wife, with intent to k.ll, but only for using
offensive language to the police officer who captured him,
and upon this charge was found guilty, and sentenc d to
he bani•hrd far five years, not to Botany Bay, but to Eng-
land, that r,ceptacle for convicts from Jersey and Guern-
sey.—Jersey Paper.

That's a fine stream for trouts, friend," ob-
served a piscatorial acquaintance, the other day, to
a genuine " Sprig" front the emerald isle, who was
whipping away with great vivor at a well known and
favourite pool. " Fait, and it must be that saute, sure
enough," returned Pat, " for deuce a one of 'em 'ill stir
out of it."

1 able to make any way, and my friend disappeared,
while the parties in the boat rowed off as hastily as
possible. During the %% hole of this business I
was calling out " Murder," and was at length
answered from the shore by the jack-in-the-water
at the Spread Eagle, who called the waiter, and they
both put off in a boat, but were too late to save my
friend, who was struggling in the water altogether
nearly ten minutes. Wrier; I got ashore I. mei a
11r. Uuwin, the proprietor of the Water Witch
Saling boat, and one of the Thames ponce officers,
who happened to be at the Spread Eagle; and th y
procured the drags arid went on the river, but were
unable to find the deceased. Soon afterwards I
met one of the Thames police galleys, and accom-
panied Mr. U rwrn and the officers to the police
sh p off Somerset-house, where I gave information
of the robriery and m.:rdr r.
(;aotain RICHBELL inquired how many men were
in the boat when K, lined) snatched the coats.
Mr. S vales riplred there were only two men in
that boat; but he believed there was the other boat
h er contained more than two, :lea- them when the
robb-ry arid murder were effected. tie could not
swear to the other man in the boat with Kennedy,
bur he very much resembled the prisoner Blown.
Mr. Alexander Mitchell, a surveyor of Thames
police, and the principal officer of the police ship,
stated, that directly he heard of the murder he pro-
ceeded to rrake inquiries, arid ascertained that a boat
and a scull had been stolen from Mr. Moore's, a
boat-btrlder of Lambeth, who was not aware of his
1.„ wail witness called upon him. Mr. Moore's
premises were within a short distance of a public-
house which the prisoners frequented. He had since
found the boat at Nine Elms, Battersea, on the
Surrey shure; and he had no doubt that the men

►►ho committed the robbery and murder rowed in
there as quickly as possible, when they saw Mr.
Wi'kin•on in the water. He gave directions to
I.bi-ter, another officer, who apprehended the pri•
:oilers in Lembeth, and he had very little doubt
they were all concerned in the same transaction, for
they had given accounts to him of the manner in
which they t•pent their time last night very different
from the sta,emenbe they had made to others. All
tour were very bmi ch4racters, and had been fined and

The first experiment in France of a locomo-
tive it achine on a railway was made a few days since at
Roanne, on the Loire, about 45 miles from Lyons. The
French Journals give a magnificent description of the ma-
chine, which they style " un prodige de la vopeur, un
essai rnerveil eux," &c. Three or tour hundred persons,
including the authorities of the department, and a number
of ladies, traversed the ra lway in elegant chariots. The
carriages, it is stated, travelled with unexampled velocity,
going generally at the rate of a league in seven minutes,
and, at their gr-atest swiftness, performed twelve leagues
in an hour. In the course of the journey (adds the French
editor) the country people were actually stupefied with
ast•mishment, and the flicks and herds every where fled
with terror at the prodigi ,us spectacle ! 'fins " m
bons" machine, it appears, was manufactured in England

;mvisotted by the Mag6trates of that Ave for petty
thefts on the river, and a worse lot he did not know.

CHOLERA AMONG THE FLIES.—It is a
singular tact, that wherever the cholera prevails, the flies
die. Never before were there seen so few fl es in Liver-
pool as at the present moment. Butchers, grocers, and pro-
vision shops are quite free from them.—Liverpool Journal.
DREADFUL DEATH.—On Monday even-
ing, THOMAS FORM 00E0, Esq., of Warnicombe House,
chairman of the Committee far securing the return of H.
BURGESS. Esq., for ,the borough of Tiverton, was address-
ing the electors at is Win low of the Angel lon, in a very
eloquent ape cli, wren, after raising his voice to an eleva-
ted pitch, he suddenly exclaimed, "I am ill." A torrent
of blood rushed from his mouth by the rupture of a blo id
vessel ; he retired from the window, and was almost in-
scantly a corpse. On a post mortem examinatlon, it ap.
peen d that an aneurism at the curvature of the aorta had
existed, which communicated with the windpipe, and the
effort of speaking had brought it to a crisis. Mr. FOR-
r b
WOOD was a staunch Reformer. Toe evens. has cast Ti-
vertoninto g eat gloom.— Woolmer's Exeter Gazette.
DEATH BY POISON AT BOSTON.—An in-
qccetioaeussetraLwAwasassob,aelsodinegnolute.
wSaturday
ftvo
rafternoontheabs, te,
at u
Inn, Birgate, on the body of SARAH MABBETT.
man of the neighbourhood. Her seducer left her desti-
tute, and, owing to this circumstance, and her pregnancy
of a second illegitimate child, she had been of late much
depressed in spirits. Mr. W3l. SMALL, surgeon, said—l
was callend to attend the housekeeper of Mrs. KITCHIN
last Tuesd iy morning ; she was then confined. The de-
ceased was called in as nurse. 1 was there when she ar-
rived ; afterwards I went up stairs to see my patient, when
the deceased asked me if I did not remember her ; that I
had attended her two years ago at her lying-in ; I did not
know her, and she said she must be dreadfully altered in-
deed for me to forget her. that she had endured much
affliction, and she related an anecdote of her seducer, Who
died at Horncastle, from his bandages coming off at that
town atter he had been bled, Oti Friday evening I went
to Mr. KIrcHIN'S to pay my last visit, and the minute I
went Mr. K. said .4 I am very glad to see you indeed,
for nurse is very bad." Deceased said, " I am a very
miserable woman; I am pregnant, and have been taking
some white mercury to make me miscarry." She told me
where I should find a quantity of the poison that she had
not taken ; I found it was arsenic. About four minutes
to three o'clock, an epileptic fit came on, in which she
expired : that is the sort of St which generally comes on
in c uses of poison by arsenic. Verdict.—Died from the
effect of poison taken for the purpose of producing abor-
tIQIIs....ROSNA Gazette,

THE ABSENT MAN.---LA BRUYERE, the
celebrated French moralist, has delineated in the most
lively manner the character of an absent man ; and the
portrait has been copied for the benefit of English readers
by &eele and Addison, in the " S.ectator." Among the
well-authenticated in-tances of absence of mind in re.l
lite upon record, is the following, relative to the Reverend
George Harvest, a learned but eccentric English cler-
gyman, who died in 1776. He paid his addresses to a
lady, and bring accepted, the day was fixed for the wed-
ding. Early in the morning be took his roil and line, be•
icg an angler, and went to amuse himself with the sport
of fishing, never once thinking of his engagement till it
was too late for the marriage to take place. The lady
was too much offended to accept his apologies, and he
er ge, who is said to
hav
lost his bride. A more ludicrous example of this kind
of absurdity is told of Mr K a courtier in the reign
of Georgeeabsd.
ent win personage,
in the three kingdoms,
went one hit th -night to White's coffee-house, Sr. Jas's,
dressed, except his stockings? which he had torgot•
ten, as e •
been
thet h e
moatrr hir
b
accidentally discovered in consequence of spill-
ing some hot coffee on his l gs: he
i immediately sent the
w .iter to bring him a pair of white silk stockings, ex-
pressing his astonishment at the inadvertence he bad com-
mitted, and coni.ratulating himself on having so fortu-
nately found it out. Toe stockings being brought to him,
be hut them both on one leg, and Went to Court.—
Weekls Miscellany.

Wheat. Barley. oats. Beans.
Per Quarter. s. to s. s. to s. s. to s. v. to s.
Abingdon 62 81 31 43 22 30 38
Andover --- 73 80 37 41 23 44
Birmingham 56 66 40 44 24 32 .52
Bridport 56 74 32 36 26 30 54
Cirencester 50 62 26 38 21 25 36 41
54 86 36 40 26 34 46
Guildford 48 74 23 32 26 35 43
Henley . 54 83 30 35 20 30 40
Hereford 84 92 44 48 52
Highworth 62 80 32 42 28 34 56
Maidenhead 56 68 34 44 22 30 36 37
Monmouth 56 61 39
Reading 65 90 31 47 21 27 34 42
Salisbury :,0 62 34 40 20 26 36 54
Southampton 54 58 33 40 28 32
Stroud 64 78 37 38 22 32 48
Tewkesbury 65 74 30 42 30 38 • 44
Uxbridge 48 74 37 40 23 33 • 46
Wantage.. .. 58 80 17 43 21 30 34 42
Warminster 48 68 32 42 20 27 34 46
Windsor. , 59 21 22 52
Worcester 65 66 44 51 31 34 50
WEs M A 11K ET.—July 17.
White Wheat (per quarter)....—....- XS 4 oto f 3 8 0
Red ditto 3 2 0 3 3 0
Barley _ 1 4 0 1 10 0
Oats, New 2 0
Pease 1 15 0 1 14 0
Oil Cake. New l2 0 n net thousand.

to i.
38
- 44
- 54
36 41
••••• 46

Mr. William Lbi•ter,a surveyoi of Thames-police,
Reposed to apprehending the prisoners before ten
o'clock that morning, at a beer-shop in Lambeth.
Kennedy saw him coming, and hastily left the
house, bat- he followed him down the street, and
took him into custody in the presence of Mr.
Mitchell, who was in the stieet, and was about to
secure the prisoner as he came up.
A long consultation here took place between

Captain RICHBELL and Mr. LAING, who sat for Mr.
Balla:vine, and of er some conversation in an under
tone with Mr. Symons and Mr. Mitchell, it wa,
determined, before any more witnes-es were called,
to hear what the prisoners had to say.
Captain RICHBELL then called on the prisoners
for their defence, and cautioned them that they were
r.peak a single word, and that every
would be written down, and
m
evidence against them. With
leisnfatythem to the exercise of their own
ttn
thing
rclt be
caution
tfieoeyulnl
sedheddiedto
discretion.
Kitley first commenced, and with a very bold and
impudent air, said he worked as mate of a barge
called the Hiran, which was now under repair at
Dawson and Keel's, at Lambeth, and he had fre-
quently met Kennedy at a beer-shop, kept by one
Bean, in Lambeth-butts. Kennedy was an ap-
prentice to a fisherman, and had run away
from him, and OH Tuesday he met him at the
beer-shop, and he asked him to let him
have a lodging in his barge, as he had no
where to sleep, and he told him he might have
his bed, and he (Kitley) would take his mas-

A NOVELTY IN POSTING.-MT. BAB*
BAGS, in his admirable little work on the Economy of
Manufactures, has a new plan of conveying the mail. The
immense revenue of the Post Office would afford means of
speedier conveyance; the letter, b.gs do not ordinarily
weigh a hundred pounds, and are yet conveyed in bulky
machines of some thous ind times the we•ght, drawn by
four horses, and delayed by passengers. The rail-road and
the steam-carriage will probably soon relieve the 'peen..
loor. Mr. BABBAGE proposes the, erection of pillars
along each line of road ; these pillars to be connected by
i..clined wires or iron rods, along which the letters, in-
closed in cylinders, attached to the rod by rings, are to
slide; persons stationed on these columns are to forward
the eyl nders from each point, after having extracted the
contents helongine to their own station. In this manner
it is calculated that a letter might be sent (from pilhir to
p .et) to the farthest limits of the land in the course of a
very small portion of time ; from London to York pr..ba.-
lily in an hour or two. In the absence of these pillars,
and in the interior dis-ricts, it is suggested that church
steeples, properly selectef, might answer the purpose;
and in London churches might be used fur the circulation
of the twopenny post.

THE CROPS.—The appearance of the crops
of all kinds are such as has been seldom, if ever, equalled in
the recollection of the °blest agri.•niturists If the weather
cont►nues favourable for the nt•xt few weeks, we may look
forward to the biasing of a most abundant harvest....
lilt won stle Jour n al.
POPULATION OF PRUSsIA.—By the trien-
nial census of the population of Prussia, made up to the
close of 1831. it appears that since the year 1828, when
the amount of the population was 12.726 110, there has
been an increas. by excess of births ( n 1829,
1830, and
1831) of 241,699, and by emigra►ion of 71,151, making
together 312,150, and increasing the whole population to
13,038,960. There has been a considerable decrease in
the increase of births, but an increase with regard to
emigration.

8./lalis.
On the 18th inst. at Blackheath Park, the lady oft James
Whitshed Hawkins, Esq., of a son. The infant only lived a few
hours.
On the 18th inst. the lady of George Barnard, Esq., of Cross
Deep, Twickenham, Middlesex, of a daughter.
On the 17th inst. in Hanover terrace, Regent's Park, the lad,
of Boyd Alexander, Esq., of a son.
On the 17th inst. at Pembroke-lodge, Cambridge, Mrs. Gilbert
Ainslie, of a daughter.

Hanbury, MARRIED.
On the 17th inst. at Mark hall Church, the' Rev. CharleS
Gooch, Rector of Toppestield, Essex, second son of Sir Thomas
Esq., of Sloe Farm, Halstead.
Gooch, Bart., to Agatha, youngest uanghter of the late CharleS
On the 17th inst. at Marylebone New Church, Henry C. S.
Dalzell, Esq., to Margaret, daughter of Charles Jordan, Lsq., of
Weymouth-street, Portland-place.
On the 18th inst. at St. Margaret's, Westminster, Mr. Charles
Holland, of the Royal Exchange, to Miss Richinda Matilda, se-
cond daughter of the late Lieutenant William Macmath, of the
3d Royal Veteran Battalion.
On the 17th inst. at Trinity Church, St. Marylebone, the Ref.
Charles Cotton M.A., of Hertford, to Mary, the eldest daughter
of George Catbrow, Esq.. of Hoddesdon.

la
