IWAtCANTI LE SHIPPING,

PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. B.—Wind S.W.—The Marquis of
Huntley transport, which arrived yesterday from Sierra Leone,
had ten persons died on the "passage, and there is now StVCI4 ill
on board ; she is' under strict quarantine.
DEAL, SEPT. B.—Wind Mr.—Arrived and sailed for the
River, the packet Dalzell from Malta; Cosmopolite, Sterry,
from Hamburgli. ' The transport brig, letter B, landed troop
here, and proceeded to the northward. Sailed the Resource,
Tomlin, for Calcutta Cora, Bonetant, for Cadiz ; and the
Alknomack, Smith, for St. Kitts.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 7.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the Ar.na
Eleonora, Bland, from Cadiz ; and Enterprise, Hoskin, from
London. Sailed the Success, Boase, for London.
LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 7.—Wind 'S
—Arrived the William
Penn, Dixey„ from Charleston; on the 10th of August, in lat.
42. 30. long. 62. 25. discovered two wrecks, one of them proved
to he the Sharon, , from Philadelphia for Bahia, out
16 days : she had been upset in a gale of wind—two of the crew
dived through the fore-scuttle and gained the keel, where one of
them, George - , had remained seven days, but after raked
off the wreck only lived a few hours ; the other was the Tra-
veller of Boston, arid we found on board Joseph Wright, who
had swam from the Sharon, and had been five hours in gaining
the brig, where he had been two days, and finding provisions,
gained strength.
The Thomson, Newton, of South Shields, bound to Riga,
was driven on shore at the entrance of that River during a
heavy gale, on the 22d nit., but, was expected to be gut off
without damage.

CITY OF LONDON LITEKARY AND SCIENTIFIC

INSTITUTION.

The first half-yearly meeting of the city of
London Literary and Scientific Institution, which was establish-
ed for the promotion of useful knowledge amongst the commer-
cial and professional youth of this metropolis, was held at
Albion Hail, Moorgate, on Wednesday evening. The room was
filled with young tradesmen, me chants, and bankers' clerks,
and others connected with some off the Most respectable houses in
the city. C. P. THOMPSON, Esq., in the chair. Mr. Stacey,
the Secretary, read the report, which stated, that within three
months nearly 600 of the commercial youth of the city had
corn& forward to Ibrrn the institution, which, as soon as they
could obtain suitable premises for their lecture-room and li-
brary, so as to be enabled to enter into full operation, would
doubtless exhibit a splendid example of the desire existing for
mental cultivation. Upwards of 7001. in donations had been
received from a number of bankers and traders, who were de-
sirous of encouraging the pursuits contemplated in the institu-
tion. Other gentlemen had made donations of valuable books.
A number of literary and scientific persons had come forward
with offers of gratuitous lectures. Dr. Mitchell, of New
Broad-street, had given two lectures on the use of the globes.
Mr. Black had commenced a course of lectures on the paido-
philean system of teaching languages. Dr. Spier had com-
menced a course of lectures on physiology. Mr. Bankes had
offered them a course of lectures on Belle: Letire:. Aix
Wlntyre had offered a course on botany; Mr. Jamee
Taylor, on music ; Mr. Crombie, on the topography of Lon-
don ; and Mr. Parthington had delivered part of a course
of lectures on natural and experimental philosophy. The offers
of professors to teach the languages were highly encouraging.
In fact, by the facilities which their ,system of mutual co-opera-
tion offered, the youth of the city would be enabled to obtain the
advantages of an after-education of the highest order, corn-
prising a knowledge of the science, and of the living and dead
languages, calculated to enable them to fill any situation with
honour and advantage to their fellow citizens. The report con-
cluded with a strong expression of the obligation under which
the institution considered itself to the liberal and enlightened
part of the public press. Mr. G. W. Prescott, of the house of
Prescott and Co. (one of the auditors), read a statement of the
accounts of the institution, from which it appeared, that after
payment of all the first expenses, there remained a balance of
1,1001. When the institution was first projected, they were asked
" What the clerks cared for mental improvement ? What did
young tradesmen care for but money-getting, and eating and
drinking P' It was asserted that none could be found to co-
operate. The friends of education could give a triumphant
answer to those objections now. Some who were wise in their
generation had expressed serious apprehensions as to the conse-
quenetes of opening the gates of knowledge or science wide to
all comers, as if good sense, which it was their object to pro-
mote, was not the best guarantee for a man's being a good sub-
ject, and performing his duties well in whatever situation he
might be placed. Mr. Elliott moved the thanks of the Society
to Dr. Mitchell. It was carried unanimously.

LONDON MARKETS.

CORN EXCHANGE, SEPT. 9

The arrivals since Wednesday are comparatively small.._
The Wheat trade continues in a very lifeleAs state, and what
few sales have been effected are certainly on lower terms.—
Barley is full ls. per quarter cheaper, and Malt meets a
dull sale at a similar decline. We have a fair supply of Oats
this week, but the trade is very heavy, and Monday's prices
scarcely supported. In Beans, Peas, and other Grain, there is
no alteration in value.

'ARRIVALS—EngIish Wheat, 5,200; Barley, 1,450; Oats,
10,500 ; Irish Oats, 2,080 ; Foreign Barley, 2,300; Oats, 800
qrs. ; Flour, 6,200.

SMITHFIELD MARKET, SEPT. 9.

The following is an accurate Report'of the numbers and
prices at Smithfield Market this morning:—

CATTLE AT MARKET

Beasts 578 f Sheep

274 j Pigs

I HE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY
Extractq from the Morning Papers, Sept. 9, 1825.

E T mEs.]
The persuasion has long been very general
throughout Europe, that something ought to be
done for Spain, and within these last few weeks
there has been a growing persuasion that some-
thing is about to he attempted for her benefit—
that is, professedly for her benefit. Spain exhi-
bits the most striking example to be found in
history of an overgoverned kingdom. The tem-
poral despotism, lazy and indifferent, because un-
resisted and secure, was not of itself, perhaps,
disposed to exercise any troublesome spirit of
molestation upon its subjects. It had fatigued
them into political torpor, and would have left
them there. But there was a Government su-
preme over the Crown : it was the Inquisition—
a jealous, vigilant, searching, penetrating power,
which moved the temporal authority at its nod,
and brought the weight of the King's Govern-
ment to bear upon individual concerns. In the
Inquisition there was nothing of indolence to
soften the restless vigour of intolerance. Words,
opinions, were its daily prey. The Spaniard, de-
barred alike from the liberty of realizing his
own wishes, and expressing his thoughts, weaned
himself from the dangerous desire to act,
and from the useless office of determining
or thinking. Ignorance and slavery were thus
naturalized througHout the nation.—The Nobi-
lity of Spain, including the highest Grandees,
unable to cope with the Church, became her do-
mestic servants. The great bulk of Spanish
Dukes, Counts, and Marquisses, were the livery
of the Inquisition, obeyed its orders, and exe-
cuted its most offensive decrees. These were
bad materials for a great public crisis, where
new emergencies demand more than common re-
sources. A powerful aid diffused intelligence
can alone supply the want of positive experience.
The Spaniards had neither, in any competent
degree applicable to the affairs of nations. The
more unobstructed opportunities the representa-
tives of the people possessed of doing sonic effec-
tual good for their country, on the dissolution of
the old Government of Charles I V., and of the
more recent tyranny of the restored Ferdinand,
the more incapable they proved themselves of
acting. The nation was unfit for the immediate
enjoyment of liberty. France undertook the
invasion of the country on grounds which made
it evident that the hostility of the House of
Bourbon was aimed, not against the abuse of
freedom, but against its principles. Louis
the Eighteenth declared to the world that his
purpose was not to restrain the extravagances
of the Spanish Cortes, to direct their spirit
to useful reforms, or to improve the defective
institutions of the monarchy, but to overthrow
Cortes, law, and constitution—" to restore King
" Ferdinand to his rights ;" the first of which
rights was explained to be the power of reducing
his subjects to unmitigated slavery. The King
of France succeeded to a certain point. He put
down the Cortes : he set up Ferdinand, in ap-
pearance ; but, in reality, the Church. To the
everlasting disgrace of France, a torrent of per-
secution burst forth under her auspices, which
left no Spaniard's life, nor property, nor charac-
ter, secure. Such passions have been let loose
as are inconsistent with even the name of law,
and bring back human society to worse than a
state of nature. Men of all pities hut one have
been attacked successively by the fanatics in
power. The friends of the Constitution have
been partially revenged, for they have seen all
shades of tyranny and servility except the deepest
—made sufferers from the same vindictive ran-'
cour with themselves. Thus resistance has been
provoked from various, though here and there
feeble quarters ; and a people once benumbed
into insensibility, have been scourged into
anarchy by a newer fashion of misrule. Now,
whatever were the designs of France, whether
selfish, whether liberal, or mixed, the result is,
that Ferdinand has actually been abandoned by
every description of his own subjects. The Con-
stitutionalists, of course, can neither endure nor
hope to conciliate him ! and the opposite fanatics
are said to prefer his brother, as being less a
coward, an equal tyrant, and a more exclusive
worshipper of the Church. The only party in
favour of Ferdinand is the French army. So far,
then, this may be a victory for the Cabinet of
Charles X. His Catholic cousin has no depend-
ence but on the French King, and must therefore
adopt, or issue orders for adopting, such measures
as the policy and interest of France may dictate.
When we come to reflect upon the probable views
of the French Government—for of its actual de-
signs we shall humbug our readers by pretending
to any positive knowledge—the first wish of that
Government, no doubt, would be, that it had
never meddled with Spanish invasions at all. The
next would be, to preserve as much power as pos-
sible in Spain, at the smallest possible expence—
that is, with a military force as circumscribed as
may be. But what power does France at this
moment exercise over the Spaniards. Can she
direct measures of policy, finance, or justice ?

None, apparently. She cannot wish to see a
neighbouring kingdom one scene of indigence,
disturbance, and confusion. It cannot be a
French, because not a Christian feeling, to encou-
rage. the horrible passions and persecutions which
have for three years past been desolating the Pe-
ninsula. France cannot regard with indifference
the non-fulfillment of those conventions, which
were signed between the two Governments, for
repaying France the military expellees of Ferdi-
nand's restoration to his throne, nor the unsettled,
questions between French and Spanish subjects..
Yet site has never yet succeeded in obtaining any
one of these desiderata. The actual.power, then,
whiCh she possesses in Spain, is, we believe, inde-
finitely little. now is France to exercise her
influence ? Where reason can do nothing, she
must employ a greater military force. That, an
increase of French power, or of any power but.
its own, will be popular with any Spanish party,
is altogether incredible. But to the strongest—
that is, the ecclesiastical party—such a move-
ment, if it be contemplated, will be more odious
than to any. Now there have yet been no

reasons adduced to us beyond the mere difference'
in the characters of Ferdinand and Carlos, for
leading to a suspicion that the priesthood
would take part against the former —the
reigning monarch—to place his brother on
the throne ; and difference of character,
without any more specific motive, would,
we think, be inadequate to account for a conspi-
racy of the priests against Ferdinand. There
must be some determinate policy which the priests
have at heart—and towards the consummation of
which they look upon the aid of Carlos as more
certain or effective than his brother's. This may
be the re-establishment of an Inquisition : but
would Ferdinand object to a measure so conge-
nial to his spirit ? Are there not ground's for
believing that Ferdinand feels more strongly than
Carlos has been forced to do, the absolute ne-
cessity of appropriating some of the territorial
resources of Spain—the only ones left within her
power—to the revival of such a financial system
as would enable a civil government so sustain
itself ? We are sure that France must feel a
deep impression of the impossibility of going on
any longer without funds ; and where are they
to come from, but from the produce of Spanish
agriculture—commerce being to all such pur-
poses extinct ? If landed property throughout
Spain be taxed, or otherwise appropriated, that
of the church, nearly half the kingdom, cannot
surely be exempt. That some propositions upon
this subject have been supported by France, per-
haps by England, seems more than probable
under the existing circumstances. That Fer-
dinand has entertained them favourably there
need be little doubt ; and this is the only cause
yet mentioned which appears to us both natural
and sufficient, to account for the irregular and
unexampled combinations into which Spanish
parties are generally described to have fallen.—
As for the surmises which we have seen thrown
out respecting the willingness of the old Spanish
colonies to tread in the steps of the stupid negroes
a►►d accept their freedom from a Spanish ordi-
nance': if they do, they deserve to be re-con-
quered : but if Bolivar agrees to such a degrada-
tion, then, indeed, may the " leopard change
his spots," and the white man become an Ethio-
pian when he listeth.

[PUBLIC LEDGER.]
Letters received yesterday afternoon from Gib-
raltar allude with a great deal of warmth, thought
in very confused terms, to an outrage alleged to
have been committed on the British flag by a
French cruizer in the Bay of Cadiz. The ves-
sel said to have been insulted was the packet,
though it is not clearly made out that the pre-
tended insult was of such a nature as to justify
the indignant language in which it is adverted
to. Of this, however, we are certain, that if
the offence has taken place, the apology will
follow ; as nothing can be so remote from the
wishes of the French Government, as to en.
courage its Officers in any thing having the
most remote tendency to lead to a misunder-
standing between the two Courts. We have
observed, however, too much disposition on the
part of the good people of Gibraltar to take fire
at incidents, which required only to be properly
explained, to spew that no offence was int.nded,
and that they absolutely derived all their con-
sequence from studied or accidental misrepre-
sentation. A French Naval Officer may occa-
sionally exceed his instructions, in the way al-
' luded to in the letters ; but we are convinced
he cannot act upon a worse mode of recommend-
ing himself to his superiors. We may safely
affirm, that if there be any thing which the
French Government has more at heart than ano-
ther, it is to preserve the relations of friendship
subsisting between it and ours; and as the wish
is a reciprocal one, we deprecate every attempt
to excite a different feeling between the subjects
of both. In the mean time, we observe that the
Paris Papers of Tuesday are wholly silent with
respect to the alledged outrage ; and we again
express our conviction, that when the subject is
thoroughly sifted, it will not bear the construc-
tion that is put upon it in some of the Gib-
raltar letters.

[MORNING POST.]
French Papers to the 7th inst. and the Etoile
of Wednesday arrived last night by express.—
They contain no fresh advices from the Peninsula
but many comments on the execution of Bessie-
res, most of which take the same view of the
subject which we did yesterday. The intelli-
gence from Greece is both abundant and most
gratifying. The repeated defeats of the Turks in
all their assaults on Missoloughi are so amply
confirmed, that no doubt can remain of their rea-
lity. So mighty were the forces of the besiegers,
and the preparations, secret and public, to secure
success, that the Austrian Journals had trium-
phantly announced that the surrender of the town
" must have taken place on the 30th of July,"
and that Napoli de Romana must also have fallen,
about the same time. The next day, however,
they found themselves compelled to admit
that their hopes had been disappointed, and
" that the general assault given by the Turks at
Missolunghi had been repulsed with great loss
on the part of the assailants :—that the ensuing
day the Greek fleet had attacked that of the
Captain Pacha, with which there were fourteen
transports laden with provisions, which fell into
the hands of the Greeks, together with a corvette
and a brig ;—that another corvette and a brig re-
mained blockaded at their moorings, near Misso-
longhi, whilst the Conquerors pursued the rest of
the Turkish division ; and that Ibrahim Pacba,
having been beaten under the walls of Napoli di
Romania, had retired towards Tripotamoi with a
wounded arm." These were painful admissions
for an Austrian Journalist to make ; but their
value is heightened by that very pain, for had
it been possible any longer to conceal or.to deny
the facts, we may be sure that they would not
knave been avowed. Private letters from Trieste
to the 25th ult., contain details of the assault,
which agree in almost every particular with those
which we published out of English letters from
Zante some days ago. They give the same
amount of strength on the part of the besiegers,
30,000 troops by land, and 4,000 by sea, but
represent the loss of the enemy as still greater.—

For they state that during the action, Admiral'
Nliaulis burned an Ottoman frigate and two
brigs, and took a brig and nine barks filled with
soldiers, and that on the land side, 9,000 Turks
fell in the trenches. They also say that before
the storm, Austrian agents endeavoured to per-
suade the inhabitants to capitulate, affirming
that the whole of the Morea had submitted to
the Porte ; but that the Greeks replied that they
preferred conquering or dying. The Austrian
vessel then prudently retired with those Agents
into the bay where they witnessed the defeat of
their allies. A letter from I\lissoloughi itself
three days after the action, fixes the exact day
on which it took place, which was the 3d instead
of the 2d of August.

[MORNING CHRONICLE.]

We have been favoured with an extract of a
private letter from an Officer at Napoli di Ro-
mania, of which we give the substance to the
public, as an instance of the sanguinary manner
in which the contest in Greece is carried on on
each side :—" I have learned from an English-
man, a great admirer of the Greeks, who has just
arrived from Hydra, that 200 Turkish prisoners,
who had been for months in captivity, were led
out by the Greeks, and butchered in the street
with knives, stilettos, and even forks. Scarcely
had these unhappy victims met their fate,and were
still in the agobies of death, when the Turkish
slaves, who ' were prisoners of war, and had
been, for years domesticated in the families of
their, masters, were brought forth, each by his
owner, a:mil:deliberately slaughtered in a similar
manner. '`On the cruelty of this massacre being
represented to some of the Greek Captains,
they only replied by laughing, and mimicking
the actions of the Turks, whilst on the point of
being stuck. These poor wretches met their fate
in a manner the most calm and devoted that can
possibly be imagined.—This shocking scene is sup-
posed to have originated in the following circum-
stance : A. Turkish prisoner, on board a Hydra brig
in the Greek ileet,having been most cruelly beaten
and ill-used, and thereby driven to desperation,
entered the magazine of the vessel, and put a match
to it, in this manner destroying himself and all
but about 20 of the Greeks. To prevent a re.
currence of this act of desperation, the Greek
fleet, consisting of 75 men-of-war, have received
orders to take no more prisoners, but to slaughter
their enemies as they fall into their hands.—
Ibrahim Pacha has probably heard of this, for
he caused all the Greek women and children at
Salo:►a to be massacred on his return to that
place."
