NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

DrivoNPORT, Nov. B.—His Majesty's sloop Har-
lequin, which sailed from Havannah 2Cth August,
for Portsmouth, put into Bermuda, and was found
to be unseaworthy.
The Terror bomb vessel has this Iverk been taker;
down Hamoaze, previously- to her being docked and
repaired; and the Comet, 18, having been com-
pleted for ordinary service, has been removed from
the dock-yard. to moorings in Hamoaze.
The Culloden, of Newport, is seized at Alilford by
the Customs, for having whiskey and soap concealed.
On Saturday morning last, the boats of the
Harpy, revenue cruiser, Lieut. Roche, crept up .86
tubs of contraband spirits in Cawsand Bay, which
were lodged in the custom-house at Plymouth.
Lieut. W. S. Arthur, of Plymouth, is appointed
to the Ferret, 10, on her being re-commissioned at
Portsmouth ; tornmander J. E. Griffith Colpoys is
appointed to the Cruiser, at Chatham; Lieut. Da-
vidson, R.M. to the Victory; Lieut. John Mitchell,
R.M. to the Briton.

Mr. John Rendell, Midshipman of the Madagas-
car, is promoted to the rank of Lieutenant. Mr.
George Marsh, Purser, is appointed to the Chal-
lenger.

Messrs. Atchei ley and Clapperton are appointed
second Lieutenants of Royal Marines of this division,
vice Toby and Nelson, promoted; Lieut. J. A.
Phillips to be Adjutant of the Woolwich divisioti

•
of Royal Marines, vice Salmon.
PORTOIOUTH, Nov. 8.--The Russian squadron
from Croustadt, which was expected to touch at

this port on its passage to the Mediterranean, has
come to anchor at Spithead. It consists of the
Grand Duke Michael, 82, Captain Ignarref,
Princess Lvouvach frigate, 50 guns, and Ulysses
and Telemachus brigs, 20 guns. The three former
arrived on Tuesday, and the latter on Thursday.
The frigate is a remarkably fine ship, being of the
same tonnage as the late American frigate Presi-
dent. The blip are equally fine vessels of their
class. They will proceed to Malta to-morrow or

Monday, having taken in chain-cables at this port.
Nothing is MOW heard of the return of Count
Heiden's squadron from the Mediterranean, al-
though it was understood it would quit that quarter
for Cronstadt, on the arrival out of the squadron
which refitted at Plymouth; indeed the impression
at Malta is, that none of the Russian ships will at
present quit the Mediterranean, and that they are
all effective. This determination may probably
account for the reinforcement of our fleet under Sir

Pubeney Malcolm, by the Spartiata and Windsor

Castle.
Extract of a letter from an Officer of one of his
Majesty's ships in the Mediterranean, dated 3d Oc-
tober, 1828 :--" At Poros, the head-quarters of the
Greek Government, we found Mr. Canning in the

Dryad, and the French and Russian Ministers o
board frigates of their respective nations. Capo
d'lstria, a short time since, ordered a review of the
Greek troops at Megara, not very distant from
Athens. Be invited several English and French
Officers- to witness it. They were accordingly
drawn up, and the President began a speech, which
promised to be of some length, dwelling on the im-
proved state of the country, and calling on their
patriotism. The troops became impatient, not to
be led against the enemy, but to have an end of this
harangue, and to see the military chest open ; and
finding no chance of either, the several Chieftains
cut him short, by saying speeches would not give
them bread and oil; that they came there to receive
their pay, and demanded it immediately. The Pre-
sident said he had none to give them ; on which
they departed—the greater part going to the
northward, in all probability to Join the Turkish
army, the majority being Albanians, who will
serve any one that will pay them. The Pre-
sident, though evidently disappointed at their
sudden departure before so many foreigners,
was not dissatisfied at so easily getting rid of
so many troublesome claimants, lie is touch more
annoyed at the hosts of Philliellenes (rips from till
Christendom), who daily importune him for arrears
of pay, which, if complied with, would soon exhaust
the Greek treasury; yet they accuse Capo d'lstria
of lavishing their funds (and perhaps justly) in
building lazarettos and other places, which, how-
ever useful at a future period, are evidently unneces-
sary to a starving population. About 100 families
have returned to Attica, receiving pardon from the
Turks, who cultivate their old lands, under protec-
tion from the Turks. On the 29th September, news
arrived at Poros, by the Alacrity, that the Turks
from Attica had lantied.at Salamis in force, surprised
the town, massacred part of the inhabitants, and •
tarried off a great number into slavery. Two or
three small vessels in the Strait might have pre-
vented it ; but they appear determined to be taken
by surprise, want courage, or are distrustful of each
other. The Isis arid Dryad, and the Constantine
and liellena(Russian)and Junon(French) frigates, ac-
companied by a Greek corvette, sailed on the 30th for
Salamis and Porto Leone---object unknown, for ships
cannot act against Athens, and they have no troops on
board. Yesterdays we fell in with 33 sail of vessels,
convoyed by a French frigate, and having on board
the remaining Arabs, hound to Alexandria. On
entering Navarin, just afterwards, we found the Asia,
Ocean, and Blonde, with several French men of
war. About 100 Arabs remained with Ibrahim
Pacha, who was to embark in a Turkish brig (his
father's yacht) that evening, taking with him the
Arabs above-mentioned; his baggage was then
going on board; and detachments of French troops,
cavalry and infantry, were just outside the town,
waiting to take possession. The main army was
encamped about four miles from the town, under
General Maison. They were reviewed the day pre-
vious ; Ibrahim was a NI itness incognito. Three
hundred French sailed yesterday for Patras. The
Asia has been rather sickly, and the Wellesley much
employed in conveying troops."
Information from Malta of the 3d ult. speaks con-
fidently of the immediate return of the French
troops in the Mores to Toulon, upon the fortresses
being given up the Greeks, and that Lieutenant
Decteurdoux, in the Onyx transport, had been or-
dered to give his assistance in this movement. The
men of war at Malta were the Wolf, Rifleman, Peli-
can, and Weazle, with a Russian line-of-battle ship
and a Swedish Admiral, all in quarantine; the
Dartmouth frigate was expected there to refit.
The Ariadne, 28, is commissioned at Plymouth.
She is said to be destined to proceed to the intended
new settlement on the west coast of New South
Wales. There was a rumour current that the French
Government have recently applied to the Govern-
ment of this country for permission to establish a
colony oil some part of that immense island, in
which the
ave
to
soe
Ministry omdf
ted:l,:aet ;et
:anel f'thed lionsetal
npcn suchblat
ri,et,trttteihsreahl being
eras made
to colonize had already left a French port, but ie
what part of Australia it was intended to establish
the colony we have not learnt. It is understood
also
A(imtilriaalt
srigusai,zoen,irsitairmelnyted at that part of
teirs l
o ((easnidined fo he hasr the same v
fourlarg(eis.troterer: o
slnir
wiaquitting the

Brazils. .
The Challenger, 2S, Captain Fitzclarence, was
paid off on Tuesday, and recommissioned by Captain
Fremantle. She is ordered to fit for foreign ser-
vice. The appointments to hcr are - Lieutenants
John Movratt, John Henry, and Henry Pakenham ;
shieneitlhaettlaiiigtileledstbyteitlhnes
Mr. Bradshaw, Master; Mr. George Marsh, Purser;
and Mr. Joseph Steret, Surgeon,
Captain Fitzclarence has taken the command Of
the Pallas, 42.
A naval officer, who hos recently returned to
41:)fillignt ldhareldnefflorojicimiedlalcatyms::a7icth:li:enh'3ipuheaathe practice of gunnery.
The Magnificent and Espeigln, more especially than
the other ships, came under his observation. The
crews of these were exercised three times weekly,
and in the firing of tan or twelve shot, never toiled
to destroy the mark. The attention of naval com-
mandate to this branch of the service was parti-
