A CHALLENGE.

• Ii:XESSRS: 'CURRIE aud Stugeons, late fn.
_I2V3Z.: his Majesty's service, challenger!, whole world 'to
PlittVe a a II& instance when: their medicir e• and me; lto,l of
cure have railed-of the desired elect. The i.ractice .of many
yearsiu tins particular. branch. of their ,procession, has nut
given rise to ,me Unsuceesaful case.
• They continue to direct their studies to the treatment and
'cute of venereal corn-plaints, and that derahgement of the sys-
tem, whichis -the euusequerice of the pernicious and wastef u .
etnas of a 'habit long and' most unhappily. purstied by the
youth of both sexes.. In-the one it Will' be found to-be the
unfailing source of barrenness the other have its ravages fa-
tally develriped •to them by a distressing-stale of debility,
which it not' timely remedied, terminates in iMpOtentcy,
these are its remote and ultimate effeets, .while consumed
tiOn, loss of muscular power, and various I,ervous con,ip
usually characterise •t he earlier stages of rats solitary vice.
Of persons languishing tin ier the disorders incident to such a
halm, their treatment is simple, and has never proved unsuc-
cessful'in the course of a long, I .'iorious; and much extended
praCtice. In the most.obstinateand complicated cases of•ve-
ilereal infeaion, such 4 :obstructions in the urethra, spungy
excrescences, hard tumors, callous ulcers, eruptions, semi-
nal weakness, gleets, as also
STRI.CTU.I2IS, •
Whether recent or of long duration,. and which have baf-
fled -the skill .of'other PraCtitioners, are by their present int-
proved.p lan of treatm,ent,. effeetual ly - and permanently' cured,
without the katiera suffering ,the excruciating pa n and •
alarming hemorrhage which_ frequently follows' the applica-
tion of the lUnar caustic: In the course of tWenty years
extensive pracliee in this Metropolis, numerous' cases of
Strictures have. been and are daily under-their care, the total
eradication of _which is ellected hy,a safe, certain, and expe-
Yin ir'rus mode- Of 'practice, superior to any other yet adopted.'
The weakness, relaxation,-and. debility.proteeding. from this
complaint arc speedily removed, and the Patient restoyed to
sound and vigorous health. But where the debility Ras for
years existed,, a, proper' perseverance in their restorative re,
medics, after the Stricture has been destroyed, is tudiSpensa-
bly requisite to revive the; slumbering' sparks of life and to
reanimate the constitution. .

• SeVerat Noblemen and 'Gentlemen 'of the first respes.l4-
bility, have been under the care of ,Messrs. c tittle, and Co.
fur the removal Of complaints of the Urethra, Strictures, &c.
and having received a radical and permanent Cure, request
that references may be given to. thetti, satisfactory evl
dences of the decisive superiority of Nless..rs.. Currie a!ai Co's.
plan of titattnent. Many of these Gcnt!emen have }rail stric-
tures from to to• 20 years, and had been under the care of
tvlessrS. Home,.Heaviside, and other Surgeons of equal emi-
nence, who atte:npted the cure by the appiication of the
Lunar Caustic, without success.
Messrs. Currie and Cu. may be consulted by either sex
with the greatest delicacy, secrecy, and honour, at their
house, No. 107, Hatton.garded.
ratients in the country are requested to state.the particu-
lars of their case, age, and general habit of living, &c. &c.
mi.:losing a remittance for adviCe and Medicines, When the'
name will_ be given or sent to any part or the -kingdom. To
eusure that secrecy so essential .to their undertaking,,the post-
age ot le4ters may he added to the account fir Medicines.
9th unci llattcn-garderk, •

e •
[PRICE SIXPENCE-TI XISPENNY.

I.'IiNERVA 0!...;.
• This was
In Four Vc;ltitnes, prieerweniv-two
OLD. TIMES AND NEW lA6aet
his Prote, e.e. A Noiet.
Printed for A. K Newman and Cd.
iipp,ar this
Sir Ferclidrul. of F.:t_Tiand. Historical itior,:ißce.
J..N. Brewer% A 'thcr• of a W:eter'4..T ak, an Family
Legend, &c. 4 vol.:.
Artivals•froillndii; By I-tenrietta. Muss. 4 vois.
Age and Youth; .or, the Faniilies of Alienste;.l,.-..
Lontaine: 4 t;,1::.

Stranger of Lindenfeldt; or, Ache. is my Fiths: ? By :ors.
Ross, Author o:th- CO33ins; &c, 3 'vols.
The Daughter-in-Law', her Father- and; Ly the
Author of ibe s Widow and F.c.:',27
SubstaiteeAtid Shadow or,. the Pisherh.a.li's Dai,gl,l-s of
Brighton. By the. Author of Li-ght arvi_Shode, &c. 3 s-c'.
Nioni%ctery of :;t.:C;Oltittih; or, the Atonement. By Nlrs.
I.oebe, AuthOr of the Children of the Abbey, Disenrded Son,
&c. S

BARBADOES.

irtIRIDGETOWN, JuNE 30.

Pursuant to a Summons of his Exellency the
Governor, the Colonial Legislature mct this day
at the Town'-Hall, when his Excellency was
pleacled to communicate to the Council and As-
sembly the. nature of the business which induced
his conveniaz them, as follows-:

" Mr. President, awl Gentlemen of thellduse
of Legislative - Council, ; -
'lert.Si3le6ker, and Gentlethen of the House
• 4ssembly,

T-aving, in the month of October last, pub,
licly declared my opiv:ions to the Regiments of
at their'several reviews, on the then con !ition
of our politica! relations With the United States of
Awerica, pointing out, its T conceive, the hostile
v dissltions of that Government, with -a view to
'ei-)1Ony
.frorn the consequences ; it is
with concern, hut without surprise, I have judged
it- necessary Ton this .day, to acquaint
you, that although war with that country is not
vet actual, I consider it to he so ii eminent as to
dernand• all those - measures of precaution
foresight which our comfort and security indis,
pensably require. • -
" The Speeches, the writings, the actions, not
only of the persons who coldl-tthe policy of that:
country, but of thosli who sup7ort them, I grieve
to • say,, breathe rancour and malignity' throughout,
abandoning even the exterior of equal neutrality ;
evincing a determination, in so far as shalt de.
pond upon then), to effect the utter destruction of
the'Enfpirc, labouring .by every means.to unite the
ca<2,les of freedom with those of tyranny, and to
ruin the cause of liberty in the Peninsula, where
an unoffenttintt but much injured people, exhibit
the -magnanimous spectacle of two nations glo-
riously„preferring death to slavery, and struggling:
manfully for existence.
" History „hereafter will scarcely credit, that
the 'last - Republic -endured by Revolutionary
France in the Christian World, should make a
choice formded neither in virtue nor in interest, ,
giving-reality to fable, and extending the boon
of 'Polyphemus beyond the limits of an Epic
Poetri.

Ancient friend ihip, the similarity of language,
religion, and civil institutions] lead the cultivated
mind deeply to lament the contemplated conflict.
Humanity clings to the expiring hope, that the
fund of temperate discernment by which large
bodes of ivell-informed .men, in those donfede-
rathd Republics, continue to be actuated, may
still avert the impending, calamity, but appearances
render• this too doubtful to be relied on, how-
everlflattering the inpression ; and necessity may
compel the searching for ne'w channels of supply
to 'obviate the evils to which- we may shortly be
'exposed.

Mr; Speaker and Gentlemen of the House
of Assembly,
" consequences ( 7nur liberal grant, to
meet the first impressions
.‘4 alarm in the neigh-
bouring Island of St. Vincent, form the object of
a separate Message.; and I
.recommend to your
very early consideration the present scarcity of
provisions, froni.the-long course of dry weather
and the consequent shortness•of the crop of last
year ; • and whether. it may, not be expedient to
grant a small bounty on the importation of yams,
potatoes, and plantains,.'esnefially from Dutch
Guiana, provided the cargoes be disposed of in such
manner, as to prOvent a mononoly, to the manifest
injury of the poorer classes of the commimity.

,Mr. President, and Gentlemen of the House
of Legislative Council, • •
Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen of the House
Assembly, , _

. _ •
" In the present emergency .11judged it • neces-.
sary, with , the advice of the. Privy Council, to
issue a Proclamation opening the ports for the ad-
mission of certain supplies,. which has already
been productive of beneficial effects, and from
the time afforded will, I trust, lead' to further
advantages.
•
" 30th June, 1312,!!

The preceding Address has given great satis-
faction to the inhabitants of this island, as it
that our excellent Governor has berai"vigilaritly
observing 'the conduct of Amerita,- and that he
is fully prepared to guard against any mischief
which-she might attempt in this quarter; at the
same time that it breathes a spirit .oT moderation
and-benig,nity suitable to his acknowledged cha-
racter.-

PRICE OF STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stock,
shut-Old Ann.
Navy 5 per Cent. .Exclitg. Bills, 3id. per day,
4 per Cent. shut ' Cs. dis. par
3 per Cent. Red. shut Ditto,3o. per day, 23. 53. pr.
.per Cent. Cong.:s9HW Ornnium, pr.
Bank L. Ann. shut _ Imperial 4 per Cent. i..At _
India Stock, 17e :• Cons. fur 9th Oct. 60i CO
India Bonds, C. 7s. Cs.

MAILS.
d!tFtvEN-1 Watcrirmi. raellz,
1 Guernel-, 2 Gottenburgh, 1 Dublin, 1 Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
• flits DAY Ar TWELVE
Cnnsoli 5lll I Ornnium . 7 61 pr.
