THE INVERNESS-SHIRE PETITION.

The following is a copy of the inverhess-shire petition
on the subject of Reform. It was transmitted to the
Mem!tcr for the County, Mr. Charles Grant, but it did not
reach London tilt &mit day the MI, the day after that on
which Palliament was prorogued

UNTO THE HONOURABLE THE COMMONS OP Till]
UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND
IRELAND, IN PARLIAMENT ASSEMBLED.
THE PETITION OF THE FREEHOLDERS, HER ITOR
AND COMMISSIONERS OF SUPPLY OF INVER-
NESS-SHIRE,
HUMBLY SIIENVETH,
That in the opinion of your petitioners the (principle of the
measure brotight forward by his Majesty's riiiiiistcrs fat a lielohn
in the elective franchise and Parlianientary representation of the
United Kingdom, rests on grounds so reasonable and constitu-
tional as to command their assent and approbation.
• That the measure of giVing to great towns, at present deprived
of any representation in Parlianient, as well as the intention of
giving a more adequate representation to some of the larger
counties and towns, to the effect that the elective franchise ma,
be more equally enjoyed by all parts of the empire, are wise ana
salutary Reforms, called flu* by the altered Circumstances and the
cncreased wealth and intelligence of the nation.
That the opening of the elective franchise in burghs to that
class of the population which, from the possession of a certain
stake in the community, is reasonably presumed best calculated
to represent the interest of the whole, is an important improve-
ment on the one hand on the system of election by close corpo-
rations, and o❑ the other on that which places the return of
the representatiVe entirely in the power of the most numerous
class of the community.
That the intention of extending the elective franchise to the
possessors of real property, to the exclusion of a fictitious and
nominal interest, and securing to the actual proprietor a right in
some degree commensurate with the interest possessed, is in
itself fair and reasonable ; while, at the same time, it may be
matter of question, and to be maturely considered by the Le,sis-
lature, whether the means by which this intention is to be car-
ried into effect are such as will work to the end proposed. That
in particular it may reasonably be questioned, whether !by giving
the county franchise in Scotland to the owners of houSehald prtis
petty, the intention may not in a great measure be defeated, and
the franchise transferred to the owners of such property in towns
and villages, to the exclusion of the landed interest, thus open-
ing a wide field to bribery and corruption ?
That, looking generally to the circumstances of Scotland, your
petitioners arc of opinion that a more genuine representation
of the landed interest in the kingdom would be obtained if the
elective qualification in counties were not reduced lower than to
proprietors of land to the amount of 401. per annum.
That, concurring in the propriety of giving the landed interest
an importance in the State, in some degree commensurate with
property, your petitioners cannot but entertain very grave doubts
whether the communication of the elective franchise to tenants
be the best means of attaining this object ; and viewing with se-
rious apprehension the numerous train of evil consequences
which ma% result from introducing into the relation between
landlord and tenant a new class of interests totally alien, and too
likely to prove hostile to that relation, as well as the deep inquiry
that may arise to the agricultural prosperity of Scotland by the
changes which are likely to be made for the sake of political in-
fluence, your petitioners most earnestly recommend this branch of
the question to the reconsideration of the Legislature.
May it therefore please your Honourable House to consider
what is above represented, and to do therein as may seem proper
and just.

Wm. Fraser Tytler, Sheriff of Inverness-shire.
Simon Fraser, of Foylis.
James Murray Grant, of Glenmeriston.
W. Fraser, of Celbokie.
Thomas A. Fraser, of Lovat.
Dn. Fraser, of Fingask.
Thomas Fraser, of Newton.
A. Fraser, of Culduthell.
Evan Baillie, of Doctifour.
Win. Maclean, Dochgarroch.
J. Rose, of Castle Hill.
Arthur J. Robertson, of Inches.
Charles Mackintosh, of Aberarder.
Hugh Fraser, of Eskadale.

THE REFORMER'S SONG,
FOR THE APPROACHING ELECTION.

Britons ! who never yet have fled ;
Britons ! by Royal William led,
Welcome now to slavery's bed,
Or to victory!
Onward ! onward! to the poll ;
Liberty is at the goal ;
Join with heart, and hand, and soul,
And you shall be free!
For your long-lost rights stand fast!
Nail your colours to the mast!
Fight the faction to the last !
Death or Liberty !
Who would be a Borough slave,
And to his children prove a knave?
Who would fill a traitor's grave ?
Let him turn and flee!
By your wrongs and by your pains;
By the blood drawn from your veins,
To rivet fast Oppression's chains ;*
Resolve now to be free.
The world beholds the glorious sight;
The star of Liberty Alines bright ;
God and the King join in the fight;
Huzza for victory !
* The Boroughmongcrs' Continental Wars.

FROM THE GAZETTE OF LAST NIGHT.

Whitehall, April 23, 1831.
The King has been pleasad to constitute and appoint the Right
Hon. Robert Montgomery Lord Belhaven, to be his Majesty's
High Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church of
Scotland.

Downing-street, April Z.
The King has been pleased to appoint Colonel Stephen Rem-
nant Chapman, C. B. to be Governor and Commander-in-Chief of
the Lennudas or Somers Islands.

War-office, April 26.
2d Regiment of Life Guards—Cornet J. E. Spalding, from the
9th Light Dragoons, to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Vansittart,
who retires, April 26.
6th Regiment of Dragoon Guards—Lieutenant J. D. Browne
to be Captain, by purchase, vice Porter, who retires ; Cornet I'.
E. Taylor to be Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Browne; Hon.
A. G. F. Jocelyn to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Taylor, April 26.
tld Regiment of Dragoons—Ensign L. Macquarie, from the
.12d Foot, to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Ricketts, promoted,
April 26.

9th Regiment of Light Dragoons—C. J. Trueman, Gent. to be
Cornet, by purchase, vice Spalding, appointed to ie 2cl Regi-
ment of Life Guards, April 26. •
22d Regiment of Foot—Lieut. D. R. Smith to be Captain, by
purchase, vice Jessop, who retires ; Ensign T. S. Conway to be
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Smith ; W. G. Austen, Gent. to
be Ensign, by purchase, vice Conway, April 26.
35th Foot—Lieut. E. Davis to be Captain, by purchase, vice
Semple, promoted; Ensign J. H. 0. Moore to be Lieutenant by
purchase, vice Davis, April 26.
To be Ensigns, by purchase—C. Beamish, Gent. vice Moore,
April 26; C. M. Peirse, Gent. vice Alleyne, who retires, April 27
42d Foot—A. D. A. Steward, Gent. to be Ensign, by purchasel
vice M.Quarie, appointed to the 2d Dragoons, April 26. ,
45th Foot—Ensign M. Mello to be Lieutenant, by purchase,
vice Butler, promoted ; I. Oakley, Gent. to be Ensign, by pur-
chase, vice Mello, April 21.
46th Foot—Lieut. D. Stuart to be Captain, without purchase,
vice Edwards, deceased ; Ensign J. Campbell to be Lieutenant,'
vice Stuart, April I.
49th Foot—Lieut. T. S. Reignolds to be Captain, by purchase.
vice Ball, promoted; Ensign A. Marshall to be Lieutenant, by
purchase, vice Reignolds; H. Routh, Gent. to be Ensign, by
purchase, vice Marshall, April 26.
56th Foot—Major H. H. Prichard to be Lieutenant-Colonel,
by purchase, vice Barclay, who retires; Captain W. Mitchell to
be Major, by purchase, vice Prichard ; Lieut. C. J. Henry to he
Captain, by purchase, vice Mitchell; Ensign F. T. Meech to be
Lieutenant, by purchase, vice Henry; L. Fraser, Gent, to be
Ensign, by purchase, vice Meech, April 26.
69th Foot—Brevet Lieut..CoL R. Johns, from the half-pay of
the Ist Garrison Battalion, to be Major, vice Lord E. Hay, pro_
moted, April 26.
71st Foot—Ensign H. T. Beresford to be Lieutenant, by pur-
chase, vice Dalton, promoted ; R. T. W. L. Brickenden, Gent,
to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Beresford, April 26.
Rifle Brigade—Staff:Assistant-Surgeon W. Parsley to be Assist
ant-Surgeon, vice W. H. Fryer, who retires on half-pay, April 26,
Royal African Colonial Corps—Ensign W. Shaw to be Lieute-
nant, without purchase ; Ensign J. H. Fearon, from the half-pay,
to be Ensign, vice Shaw, April '26.
U NATI' A CHED.—Major Lord E. Hay, from the 69th Foot,
to be Lieutenant-Colonel of Infantry, bylpurchase; Brevet Lieut.
Col. J. W. O'Donnoghue, from the 47th Foot, to be Lieutenant.
Colonel of Infantry, without purchase; Captain W. H. Ball, from
the 49th Foot, to be Major of Infantry, by purchase ; Lieut. Nv.
S. Dalton, from the 71st Foot, to be Captain of Infantry, by pur.
chase, April 26.
STAFF.—R. Armstrong, Gent., to be Adjutant of a Recruit.
ing District, with the rank of Lieutenant, vice Moss, deceased,
April 26.
MEMORANDUM.—The under-Mentioned Officers have been
allowed to retire from the service, by the 'sale of Unattached
Commissions:—General John Lord Crewe; Captain A. Rox-
burgh, half-pay, Glengarry Fencible Infantry, April 26,

DECLARATIONS OF INSOLVENCY.
EDWARD LONDON, Tonbridge, Kent, victualler.
THOMAS ROBINSON, Anchor and Hope-alley, St. George
in the East tallow-chandler.
LEWIS ItOUGHTON, Walbrook, chemist and druggist.
HENRY SIMPSON, Ball-court, Cornhill, tavern-keeper.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED.
THOMAS DRY, Tottenham-court-roast, linen-draper.
BANKRUPTS.
JOSEPH SANDERS, Launceston, Cornwall, tallow-chandler,
to surrender May 9, 10, and June 7, at eleven, at the King's
Arms Inn, Launceston. Curtis, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars,
London ; Pearse, Launceston, Cornwall.
GEORGE ROBERTS, Ansford, Somersetshire, innkeeper,
May 4,5, and June 7, at eleven, at the George Inn, Castle Cary.
Burfoot, King's-Bench-walk, Temple, London; Russ, Castle
Cary, Somersetshire.
WILLIAM WHITLOCK, I rongate-w h ad, Paddington,
timber.merchant, May 6, at ten, 10, at eleven, and June 7, at ten,
at the Court of Commissioners. Reynolds, University-street,
Tottenham-court-road.
ROBERT REATHER, Cambridge-heath, Middlesex,
builder, April 29, at three, May 10, and June 7, at two, at the
Court of Commissioners. Swain, Stevens, and Co., Frederick's-
place, Old Jewry.
CHARLES NICHOLAS PA LLMER, Norbiton-house, Sur-
rey, shipowner, May 3, at one, 13, at eleven, and June '7, at one,
at the Court of Commissioners. Haddan, Gatty, and Haddan,
Throgmorton.street, London.
WILLIAM SHAVE, t. olchester' innkeeper, May 11, 12,
and June 7, at eleven, at the Red Lion Inn, Colchester. Big-
!sold, Pulley, and Mawe, Bridge-street, Blackfriars, London ;
Sarjeant and Cooper Colchester.
SIMON HARD, Wisbech St. Peter's, Isle of Ely, linen-
draper, May 9, at seven, 10, and June 7, at ten, at the Rose and
Crown Inn, Wisbech. Metcalfe and son, Wisbech; Herring''
and Baxter, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London.
JAMES BARTLETT, Trowbridge, Wiltshire, grocer, April
30, at the Castle and Ball Inn, Bath, May 4, and June 7, at twelve,
at the Woolpacks Inn, Trowbridge. Berkeley, Lincoln's-Inn,
London ; Bush, Trowbridge.
RIC A RD HARGREAVES, Manchester, saddler, May 16,
11, and June 7, at nine, at the Albion Hotel, Manchester.
Law and Coates, Manchester; Adlington, Gregory, and Faulk-
ner, Bedford-row, London.
JAMES HOOD, sen. and JAMES HOOD, jun. Cork-street,
Burlington-gardens, tailors, May is, at eleven, 13, at twelve,
and June 7, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioners. Stafford,
Buckingham-street, Strand.
WILLIAM PI LCHER, Farringdon-street, brewer, April 29,
at three, May 6, and June 7, at two, at the Court of Commis-
sioners. Berry, Furnival's Inn.
JOSEPH WYTHES, Stourbridge, Worcestershire, grocer,
May 6, 'Ai, at eleven, and June 7, at twelve, at the Court of Cons
missioners. Hindm'arsh and son, Crescent, Jewin-street, Crip-
plegate, London, and at Manchester.
lAA AC SWIFT, Lane End, Staffordshire, mercer, May 2,7,

and June 7, at two, at the Eagle Inn, Lane End, Staffordshire.
Hyatt and Harvey, Newcastle-under-Lyme; Wilson, King's
Bench-walk, Temple.
JOHN It ISDON, Exeter, bookseller, May 3, 17, and June 7,
at eleven, at the New London Paett'r. Brufi.on and Clip-
peton, New Broad-street, London ; Brutton, Exeter.
JOSEPH VICKERS, Saxilby, Lincolnshire, victualler, May
13,.atid June 7, at eleven, at -the Black Goats Inn, Lincoln
Blit,erfield, Gray's Inn, London; Quilter, Lincoln.
WILLIAM PARKIN; juii, and sen., St. James's-street,
hardwarerneh, April 20, Mai. p, and July 7, at eleven, at the
Court of Conunissioners. ta'ootl..streic•t:., .•
W LLI AM HARDEN, Clapham, Surrey, bodi:.ll'.:`,!:^l*,
3, at twelve, 6, at eleven, and June 7, at one, at the Court of
Commissioners. Piercy and Oakley, Crown-square, London.
PIERRE BARTHELEMY GUINI BERT DIBAC,
tock-square, builder, May 3, 13, at ten, and June 7, at eleven, at
the Court of Commissioners. Sharp, Upper North-place, Gray's
