NIANUTACTUIIUNG DISTRICIN.

Itlr. BENNET, plosuant to a notice which he
had given nn ,Monday, rose to move for the ap-
poiutment Of a Committee to inquire into) the
State of the Manntncturing Districts. Ile took
upon himself thil task with a deep sense of his
own "rant of ability, and nothing could nee,.
tn-
dnced him to undertake it, but that he found no
one else disposed to do so. His only object was
to inquire into the best means of trangtolliztog
the Country, without in any way mising up party
politics with this important /pest ion. He wi•died
to inquire into ad the cireomstances of the pre-
sent distress. He knew very well that Gentlemen
differed materially as to its cause. Some ,tulti-
buted it to the intolerable piessure of taxtoioo ;
others to the decay of trade, and whets to the
change determined on in the Cite olating Aiediton
of the Country, which, leaving the taxes to be
paid in 1011, while the former means of flaying
them were withdrawn, had the effect of virioaily
increasing their amount. All these questions must
one day come before the House, and certainly they
were sidlieiently formidable in their chat:icier to
demand the most serious attention, am! such, that
if they were not looked to, the most injurious
consequences might be apprehended ; butt at pre-
sent he wished to confine himself to one ohj,c—
an inquiry into the state of the Manteacturing
Dist:icts. He did not state higher than lie ought
the 'mintier of persons contained in the disturbed
districts—in Lancashire, the West Riding of
Yorkshire, and in the part of Scotland at present
in a disturbed state, when he estimated them at
1,000 000 of souls. in Lancashire alone there
were '220,000 manufacturers. Dario:; the war.
various circomsteeces having made the trade of
the world our own, the state of these places
was very fleurishing. Now the House hod to
learn that they were filled with the most heart-
rending dittress. The numbers of the suffeters in
the moth of Ettgland wete an:toady augmented
by great numbers of the poor Scotch aid hid),
who, flying from severe pave) ty in the land, of
their birth, conic to seek but in vain for relit f in
the latol of their legislation. Ile then went iota
a description of the comparative affluence forrner-
ly enjoyed and contrasted it with the misery now
endured by the cotton spinners and weavers. In
1811 the wages the cotton spinner in :lie neigh-
bourhood of Glasgow received was 255. tor his
week's labour. From that period they bad de-
clined till 1816, and his week's wages were reduced
to (Os. At the present moment they were anti
(Hither
,reduced to ss. and sa. lid. He was told,
that those persons had been distingoished by btirer
clothes, and a More polished air than were com-
mon to petsons of the saute description in this
country. Misery bad taken away these distinc-
tions, and their (listless could not be alle-
viated by an advance of price, seeing it had
been proved, as he well recollected it was,
io the inquiry on the effects prod»: ed by tee 01-
ders in Council in 1812, that the aiticles then
on hand would not sell at any prier, and that tile
pawnbrokers having filled their shops with them,
were obliged to decline taking them in alto-
gether, and shared the general distress. The
misery of these untottunate people, who had
wives and children looking up to them for bleat],
svhich they could not supply, it was impossible to
describe in adequate terms, when it was recol-
lected that their present distress was made still
more intolerable by the recollection of the past.
Ile appealed to the House it the forlorn and des-
titute conditioo of these people did not demand
consideration. He was the very last man in that
Howie who would be disposed to look with appro-
bation at actions springtog from a desire to chalice
the Constitution ; vet, feeling that placed in their
unhappy situation men must be exposed to tempta-
tions which in other circumstances would not
assail them, he could not but feel that that House
ought to regard their proceedings with stone de-
glee of charity and forbearance. He had stated
the wares paid in the neighbourhood of Glas-
eow. "]hose paid in the neighbourhood of Pais-
Ivy were much worse titan those already men-
tioned. Here there were three classes of mato:-
facturers ; the first class, which formerly re•
ceived 255. per week, now took but Bs.Gd. ; the
second, which had in other times been pail
Its, 8,1, now only earn 4s. Gti. per week ; utoul
the third class were left entirely without employ-
mew. Ile had heard that many thousands were
in this condition. They haul not that resource
which those in distress bad in England under the
Poor lAtwa, The Gentry of Scotland, he under-
stood, had been distinguished by their benevolence
on many occasions when the manolactnring
classes were reduced to distress ; but in the In e-
sent instance, what could they no, %%they) starving
thousands were clamorous for bread, to furnish
which the fonds of the country would tt t soffit e;
L' very country in 1112 civilized world was engaged

1 iii time discassion of the importance of a repre'rnat
tative corwitutioti. It was not surprising t",
the people of Scotland, with their int eirre.e"ct:
and education, should be awake to the itoporta"'''
of such a discussion, and, anxious to partiffina'e
in the blessio44s jalculated npon as sure to li"v1
from such a systam, ascribe that of which
had to complain to the defects of that at preset:,
acted upon. Another statement of the prices 11"1`1
in the neighbourhood of which he had spoken
(Paisley), he world read to the House. Fl'id
it it should seem that the wages of the sufferers
were lower than he had supposed them to bc:,
as from this patter, it appeared that the first
received but six shillings, the second 2s. 6(l'
anti the third was wholly without employment.
He then spoke at considerable length on the e 57
treme distress known in ell the manufactutiog
towns of England. It was this caused :be dis"
content which existed, end not any evil disposi'.
i tioo on the part of the people, but from the pees{
sure of misery, like drowning men cdtehiug
straws, they were led to listen to the projectsol
'hose men who would betray them into excesses'
Wilde the mainline:Er:ring classes were itt inch
distress, that at their present prices they cetd3 rue
poreliese the common necessarim a of, lite, 11'1
aericolinral pert of the cotnmunity turned root"'
upon them and said, our prices must be kept ltit►
and hieher prices most be given, or we shall be
• unable to pay our rents and taxes, and (11141
be toined. lie assured the noose that he '''"3s
urged on, in the present itlitattec, the cnnv;G'
rion of time truth of the facts he was going le
state. The ho- dred of Salford comprermemied
110polkillOO of 400 000 souls. It contained two ori
three large towns and many villages,
.which h'"
grown to a very considareble size, and the ponuW
tion Inol been enormortsly augmented it, the crierse.
of a very few years. Mtottt the year 1745, most at
the leading families were Catholics, and coosi"
mitred to he Jacobite!. The Aragistrates (mroa'lf
retired tradesmen) he described as being appoiay
et! itm consideration of their imigh 'fory polities;
and, in consequence, there was eenerolly ti vie;
lent oppositiorm bet e et) therit:troh the .people,3'l"
COUSt ant state of Colltetlittill W:11 tht: result."'"
The people were besides divided into parties. °Let
one side there were the Radicals, on the atl'e'
the Orangemen. The wat math with which 111 e
principles of one of these factions had been es'
noosed by a me:ream:le house in dirt part of fl'e
c-witty, had called forth, itt last March, as be
had been told by air eye anti an ear witness, h
vere censure from a Learned Judge. At Li":.
pool, on the day of the Anniversary of time
of the Boyne, the Orangemen had met :0
brate their horrid tires (mewl' he most cell ;:•oti)
by a procession intended to annoy their oal'.".
neuts. lie mentioned this fact to show that a"/
act;on was to he expected. Orie person dromsol as
the Pope, and another as a Cardinal of the Chord,
of Rome, were parade'; thiough the street*, A"'
having thrown aside their assioneri garment', 3
Clergyman of the Clonch oh trigland had
found to read a sertnou before those who
formed the procession. A sermon presehed
der such circumstances, appeared to aim li(cid
heifer than sedition, and he wormmiereel that ri"Y
iNimeister could be found so forgetful of what lia
owed to his own character, as thus to prWtitosg
the service of the Church. He temoild appeal (j
a Right Hon. Gentienem opposite, it ,„(a) tne
ceediogs had not taken place. The lion, Ciatoll
man next noticed the very low wages reeeiva"
by time weavers in various parts of the coureq•
The best wages tmow obtained were, in one pr'cc;
nine or ten shillines a-week ter fourteen libt"t
work; 11t atmotimer, six shilliegs for fifteen 110'11
work ; in a third, seven sin things for fourree°
hormrs ; aed. in a fourth, six shillings for title°.
*"lofisulditq lrossibl
that
to Pet
;h:eidcelisirtr'estsieist wch(l'etil(mii!lii:)ell
1
endured ? Am! should mime HOmmse be surprised
the existence of great discontent lt was totd`',l;
swim circumstances that a general disposition
place last year in those eistricts to ley their gricf:
mires before tire Throne, and to petition for
liamentery Reform». This had been attended ‘'it
proceediui and consequences which all must re;
grey. 'The meeritm, of the 15:11 Ainopest we,
place and wes dispersed., nod the people were
salaried that that asseMbly was legal, and its 1)1,5
pension illegal; that the committal of Mr. "'Jill
was unjust, tout the hail required excessive,,
c,
:b
the Judge had reduced it • ttom 1,0001. to 4°:,
They believed the conduct of tire ithmeitormo",o
Warrington to have beenm-,nd lie (6(1%
too. And yet it was when such sentiments pici4
veiled among time treople in time man r
tifacto•'
M districts, that his Majesty's brisrers set lbeir
faces against ail inquiry, and the House by deo:t
in it, did more to excite discontent than aol' 3,t,
which time Alagistrates could have voltam-Pill e ri),
The Holt. Gentleman continued nor,"
low home, so as to he scarcely wobble in time Goo
lct'v. Elt.! was 1111(1:1:t,tOod to quote a pat3oge
Lord Clarendon, to show that illegal acts 1:11'5
tended to produce greater fierceness among
tloo
people. It was only since the dispersion Of r,
Manchester ineetiog that evidence had been t,
taioed of the procuring and collection of arno
,o,
lie had no doubt that a et ear portion of these
tormation laid before the House had been gl'op
to Govet motor by spies, and persons who c? ba
not he produce,; lest their connexion shoul( ija
proved, not with his Ma'jestv's Minister.s;diti,
freely acquitted therm of that,—but ‘viCh iiea
duals who had made themselves more busYcit,,
jed
they had army authoritoo t
y he. Ile then compl•woe'r,
that whilst the Boroughteeves of Manchesterd tt
nominally chosen .I,try, at (tie l'claiogo
which; WAS Mr. Norris, they Were really cil'od ja
among. themselves. The object which behide
view, \VHS mom itiquity into the presetmt state
logi4t ie
inatinfacturimeg distmets, and tie thonght L.,eat
tvould be impossible to senarate the ells
triter
that reigned front time eaaoa;,., distress. VVI
for the c`)-‘ r
he should oe aule to propose any rim, notime
sideration of the Committee %tenthl he or_ re.
question. There might be several mans
,_°‘oo
lieve, it not the distresses of the thoutrodsobgr,
'ordered, at least that of a considerable o:;i'd nog
Government might undettake works, he
„tip
meal) palaces, which wommlif pi (wore occritioo4,,,
for many of those unhurt opiate brings' ;,,lit Pe
canals, and the cultivation of the law!, nltrir (bete
inwroved, arid wolit be this proriceed: , pees'
was another nlet:us• of relicin,.;

TA

owe":
ing 11!"
elligence
pMortal'.`'
rtiseif"
fiov
ich they
I prose l
ces Nato
I spoke'
Ford
sufferers

i to bei
Ist 4:14".
2s. 6(l'
oyntent•
the e%-
act u ring
be dis'
dispogi"
lie prey'
chiug oti
oy..
• ,C 19 0
!NCLISei•
gliCtt
rifil:111(°
ti;e
tep
'hall by
1(1 ni"4
he oi°

conv'g_

poiog
coded
t or,
ich log
PaPulit!:
c 001.-
most
,Ppoint•
v
Y BiO#
de, at/i
I
Lint ."""

.3.
)e 6(11e:
ich 111.`

ecn e-
of 114
35 lle

•

'U
; I, tifi)

r orr'l
at d 16:
L'Ot:(1
clitlrCli
01.1
iti tyre
II( lipa

-3e(l ti""
lat
?lint lid

',3stirifq

vell,
11 VW'
Lieli(ll
ecei""

pl,cet
16'116

Boor!

,urreo
titt
ct) tiief
riied
wider
)13 10'11'

r pit/
;ir
Yak
ed tt it'

ItOt
re per,'
its '4l"
0 40°1;
rat ri
d

ts re
cittri";
t theic
deore
ooy
.te G"fr
f r 01la
$ 0011
ng ghe
of (P°
en
.itai) 11‘
arw-

-Ploy
i

waS to repeal the many the
of barbarous ages, which prohibited
lArcion, and compelled men leaving the cowl-
iii;ct" swear that they were not artisans or ma-
sh,"'inrertl. He did not mean to send then)
kiso'vates, where they would have to clear It
e,
places as, by theld ac-
v •
"o of their numbers anti talents, wou be
ie4lered Mehl colonies to the mother country.
qt,he Rouse did its tinty to restore peace and
tier to the country, it would entertain the mo-
ti
bit'n which he should have the honour to sub-
It ; and happy should he be if so horrible an
titlilsan as himself should he
mable to lay the first
i:fie of the temple of peace and hartmy, re-
11fied where a system of disunioa and war was
ttri./‘‘' so fatally prt-.valent, lie concluded by mov-
jil
iet, that 'a Committee be appointed to torture
,tos the present state of the manufacturing dis-
t.
turd CASTLEREAGH did not intend to follow
o 1-100. Gentleman throngit the extensive vat iety
t„,,,s4bit'ets 'which he had enthriteed, and the na-
-e of which, not With‘tandiog t time of m.ole-
jlli"tt with which he had spoken, he conceived to
11. calculated to create irritation, rather than to
: .stOre trancorilliry. lie had entered the Ilonse
, 'Ur tin anxious desire of finding it possible to
the Hon Gentleman's motion, and from
communication which he had had with
tb.l," Him. 'Member, be had entertained hoPes that
4" ototicin 'Would' be brought fiirw'ard en such
,2141pe as to allow him to give it his con-
It:Vence ; guarding it, at the same time, in
.jllleil a niiintter 14S not to create a b lief among
hnforterttatt-inttividttals now suffering, that
tPectnal remedy could be fonnd for an evil
1):1icil he feared it was beyond the power of
I)4Fnaitent to relie've. For when the Hon. Mein-
.4!!' said give the people food and employment,"
tt4 he think that it WaS possible for Government
'lto that ?—(Hear.)—it would be wrong to
late such an expectation, which, on the very
11 tt►cipl~ on which Governments existed, could
t°rite realised. 13ot, instead of finding the ino-
iinh Such is he had anticipated, he perceived from
ryas sPeech of the Hon. Gentleman, that there
lio circumstance of a local and irritating
nature--no part of the conduct of the ill Hitches-
0-1. Magistrates and of his Majesty's
tier `tray, of l'arliament itself, which, in the
e* of the •lionourable Member, ought not
t(,), be mixed op with the discussions of the
ilinritte;tip stairs.'---(Hear, hear, beta !)-.--He
tretme trusted the House would pause berme
Pve a commission of so sweeping a natore to
'l3' Chnimittee'vtliatever. The conduct of the
11,54 d July, the proceedings of the Mre agisirales,
'tXisteie of Orange Socie.ies, all that could
4" tp excite and embitter• the spirit of party,
tat might before the Committee. Could
01) thing be noire calculates to rouse party against
li3tts, and preventrlie di•eussiou the great goes-
u'i itself, than such a course ? He could not
ji),hcerve toe possibility of doing greater mischief'
restAt from announeing to the people
•
dlst,rhed districts that a CoMmittee of
51'441-10;1.e...rsis appointed to inquire into all
I,priiiic4;lar ccisnp itnts, that Cal, may pre.
.idthess'eq, and cione with AA their
7t4,41,0it;''1 s.upposed to iiemai:d re-
-Burfi a coMse Wionid set p•rson a!:itinst
-Psoh, party agaitiSt -party, and !mead of
l':t the Honourable aleathyr won't! .-erot a Iran-
Cotoni!etet, a 9.1111',C of :liidtdOr and
len ustoo si•atod be oneoto, eesttlic.7:veof in oh.
ien''ete Zeitit danger. fie F.fioolit 001 hive
(0 env IniitiOn:whieh would have l,rongltt
i!te'iis of ManClacturers in a more distinct
befiare the Hous'e, iotd would basic cons red
e itilttiry to that great and important object.
tst vt:•lieti he found that the present proposi:on
io Obtain by an indirect manner or
ii'll"-tvind, the very kind of investigation into
trinSa'cti6Vs,'Whielt. Parliament had decict-
ikw'!s only fit'for Courts of Jostice, he could not
'ede to such a tooti(ifi. He thought it would only
etileidited to increase the evils of the tines,
411;4 trostrd the House Would take the same view
subj.er, acid would not contribute to place
+iejt e'oniiify in state of gre'ater discontent than
(iWas at present by granting a COnimittee on such/ePing grounds,—(Bear, hear !)
r, T. BARING did not understand, from the mo-
-1,4,' of his Hon. Friend, that he intended to go
those politieahquestions which tht Noble
se'emed -to anticipate. ills object was to in-
tl'ulit'e into the comtmrcial iniSfortunes of the
lie "try ; but it Was impossible for him to have
v-sqed the ci:rctunst slice to the House without ad-
4:Plinig to at'e 'existing state of political ciiscon-
41S. 111 c thought, in common decency, the
iie°llse onght not to separate before the Christmas
.veit'llinit making some inquiry into the mi-
"iiihr - •
e stele of distress which so many thousands
tlutetl onthir—even if that inquiry could out
t 0 any practical relief. The disttess of the
iitioufatturing classes arose chiefly from a dimi-
-401°(1 demand in foreign markets ; but a certain
ticlinn of distress ma wailed among all people.—
ilire Was a woo of peace, quirt, and order, at
tit:, time, in the 11‘.41111fileSoring districts, where
tale Piople were in a state of anarchy ; anti if
state of things Mi3S not soon altered,
Ist"re Would he an end to the manufactures
kit the Country, ate great cause of their
likelYeY arose from those demagogues, or rather
erent about inflaming their
*2'll. and telling that a want of radical reform
rile cause
ise of alltheir sufferings. In most of
W„l4 the
Places the picture of that Charlatan, Hunt,
'ol7:Put up, and he- was held out to the people as
Persou who was- to brined ahoy( a state of
111:1411 which would relieve them from all their
hi:l'6%m {le was himself a moderate Pallia-
VpI,I6EY Reformer, but nothing except misery
th,,44 :result ft out such reforms as were now
4.l4`sehed to the people ; and when the present
Olitnent was represented as the cause of the
ihreision of manufactures, the persons holding
tiyht that -language ought to recollect that it was
4144' (he Paeliament,as at present constituted, that
kya Nothhiarthres of the country had flourished incite
they did. There was not apart of the world front
I • Pe
lloro to Bffi s Bay, io which out maim-
‘)l.4 Ys Were not purchased, and under a system
regulations, and permanent tututpillity,
tlt doubt but there would he a st,ifietein
" k,„,
"0 in other countries for all our mabutaa-

t'tireS. He did 'not approve of holdiWg out the
idea t hat t he wealthy people in the manufacturing
districts were the enemies of the poor labcotrinst
manufactorers. it was quire the reverse, for ttsese
were the persons W)ho gave them employment.—
(Hear, hear !)—Taese were the persons who sup-
ported them. In contegoence, however, of the
unhappy state of the anarchy that prevailed in
he manufacturing distrie,s, these, and many other
wealthy persons, were now going away from the
places whose rosperity they hitherto upheld.—
They were investing their capitals in foreign
funds ; some were even 'adopting plans of emigra-
tion, and a sort of general feeling, of snare qui
petit, scented to prevail aniort4 them all. He was
not prepared to ree,rintneted any particolar measures
for the relict of those distresses which prevailed
among the people. God forbid that he should not
feel for them the strongest sympathy, and if any
thing in the way ut contribution was proposed,
if it was Suggestet: that one or two millioos of
money should he granted for the alleviation of the
Miseries complained of, he would be the last man
in that flotte to !rinse his assent to it. Grants,
Were, he believed, Made by the (loose before
exigencies of lesF importance ; would not say
how tar such a measure might he efficient; indeed,
when one came to consider it in detail, he would
not be ilfelined its expect muds permanent good
from a measure of t!,at description. There was
another subject which- he also thought was at-
resided with no inconsiderAfe. difficad.y, lie
. .
meant the ex pefliency radial:mot sty lute! terenee
with the general :,tateu,l wages. Ile w.suld not go
so far as to say that the L-gislature °ugh'
to abstain altogether from cootemplatiog the
subject, and though he was mice of a different
opiiii6n, yet there were some extraordinary
circumstances in ti!is case, which would induce
him at least to go into 'an inquiry.—(Hear !)
The state of the wages was intimately connected
with the Poor Laws ; in truth, it was Ibis con-
nection, or rather the Poor Laws themselves, that
involved the subject in so much difficulty, for they
urged the eosin, ry into a system altogether artifi-
cial. The tirstorttines arising from them were
manifest front this. Let it he supposed, that upon
ihe whole, there were in employment 100,00
weavers, and that by some fatal occurrence 20,000
of these were suddenly deprived of occupation ;
the difficulty of finding subsistence would not tall
upon these I wenty thousand only, but would be
extended to the whole hitudred thousand ; for
th.e stippiy of labour becoOthig snore abaltdant
the dethand Would be satisfied upon terms more
disadvautageons to the whole bo,iy. It men
of large capitals, under such circumstances,
continued their former rates of wages, • they
cont,hil with disadvantage to them-
selves, against the men of small capitals, who
wo:dd go about the country and pick up workmen
at t to lowest rates possible. fie should be sorry
to pledge iiiittSelt to airy' decided opinion, yet. he
thought it might be desirable to inquire at least
how far it would be itactically useful to establi•ls
iniairnasn of wages.—(Hear, hear I)—He Would
toilet; the subject with great reluctance, but he►
was anxious to hear the large manufacturers upon
it. It was not improbable in his mind, that the
currency question entered into this subject to
some extent. lie could not help thinking, that
the distresses which prevailed since the peace,
%vete more or !ess connected et ith the state of
the currency. Upon that question he admit-
ted it was right to return to some perthaneOt
standard. A difference necessarily was produc•
elf in tie currency, by haying that standard
which had existed during the war ; the evil
cousevences which such a difference gave
rise to, could only ha tie been remedied by adopt.
log a depreciated coinage ; if souls a meaSnre
could have been at all justifiable. 'llse in.,st sen-
sible result, however, w.s, that 25 per cent. wait
added to the National Debt. This had, of itselt
a further conseqoeuce in increasing- the circulating
medium, and the facility of getting money, tended
to increase it more, because the greater the faci-
lity which any Mao had in getting Money at the
bankers, the less was his neses-ity to keep any
large saris by hint, and consequently the amount
of the circolatitig medium became larger. How-
ever, he should not now cuter farther into-the
tioes!ion. The Legislature adopted a certain line
of conduct upothit, and as it was begun they were
now boond to go on —(ilear, hear!)—He
would not say that the standard should he higher
than at fOrmer •periods, or that the facility of
getting money should be lessened. But he
,could
not avoid observing, that if. the Bank of England
were e,m.powered to pay in silver, as well as in
gold, it would aff;rd them a Material facili-y in
meeting the wishes of Parliament. He hoped
that the Committee which his lion. Friend had
asked would be granted, but he hoped that it
would be a commercial, not a political Com-
mittee. Such a concession was essential to the
subordination, peace, and security of tlie Counts y,
tholigh he hoped that the House would not be
driven, as was insinuated by an HoO. Member, to
a choice bet wren the commerce and the roost tuition
of the conotry. Both, Ise trusted, would go hand
in hand together, as before. He could never
despair of the restoration of order, while he re-
collected that the morals of the people remained
sotind.—(Hear !)—The evils which occurred, such
as they were, were still nothing, when con pared
with those which had taken place at former times
and in other countries.--([fear !)
Mr. B. WILBRAHAM complained that the mo-
tion had not beets confined, as he understood
it would he, to objects of a commercial nature.—
With respect to the tnininium of wages alluded
to by the Honourable Gentleman who had last
spoken, two Committees bad already been ajO•
pointed, at vations times, at the des're of the
Cotton Weavers, to- ascettain whether a mini-
Mum ought to be established, but their opinion
had been contrary to ti:e measure. He believed
that the persons who were the most distressed,
were those of whom the country heard the leasto•-•
(Hear, hear !)—lle then Contended that there
was not a Gentleman in the county of Lancaster,
whom the House might wish to he in the Com-
mission ot the Peace, that was not already there ;
and that the tegulasion established by Mr. Perce•
vat, that no•Geotleman engaged in business should
be made a Magistrate, lest differences respect•
Isis own %cos kmen, or those of others, should
Come betute 'War, • was- strictly obsittved. With

respect to the precession of an Orange Society
at Liverpont, and the sermon preached on the.
occasion, all he knew was, that persons belong.-
inv.- to such a Society had been foolish enough to
march in prOcession through the sireets, that
they had been Severely pelted, anti that the of-
tenders had been hi ought to justice and ptinished.
Their being attacked was n ntisloroute, and not
an offence. At the Same time he did not mean to
approve of any thing tending to keep up the dis-
tincrions•of party. The next object of the Hon.
Mover bad been to fiiid it new municipality for the
town of Manchester; but as !hat town hail (lon-
rished for many years order the old, hetrol not
see the necessity of in,sking' arty 4herati,,n. The
Boroughreeves, two Constables, nod the Deputy
Constahlel, were chosen at the 'Court-leer of the
Lord of the Manor, who ‘vai Sir Oswald Moseley.
As to procuring work of a different kind front
their own for the onemploy,a ininutacturers, he
vas afraid that it woobi prodoee but little relief.
Many of them bid tried it, but from the effect of
the shuttle on their hands, they bad become unfit
for other work, and bad at last returned to their
own.

Mr. WILBEWFORCH wished that all the deceivers
of the people, as well as the r:eluded, had been
present to hear the excellent speech of his lion.
Friend Olt% Baring). There was no lostatice of
a country attaining to glory, and even to inde-
pendence, without a sane tespect for religion.
Oh ! that those who were endeavouring to shake
the attachment of the people to all that they might
to hold dear here and hereafter, had heard
Honourable Friend express his conviction
of the importance and necessity of Religion to
the prosperity of a Stale. He then expiessed
his hope that something could be done to re-
lieve the distressed. It might be true that some
individuals could not turn their hands to other
labours, but many might do so if employmeot
were procured for them. To ascertain, the meaos
of fiartiog this, he understood was to have been
the object of the proposed Committee ; but to in-
troduce any subjectssuch as had been mentioned,
would not only defeat that &jeer, but point dis-
satisfaction more directly against that Hoose.—
He then alluded to the distresses in the West of
Scotland, where the people had displayed a cha-
racter superior to that of his own countrymen,--
Where they had been men bearing as it were the
mark of (it'd, the curse of Cain conic against
them with doctrines of irreligion and blas-
phetny, the effect produced had been the
deepest disgust, and they , had said the liberty
which you promise us cannot be good, since
it is not founded on the belief of God. He was
convinced that no change of Ministry , would
satisfy the disturbers of the people, and that they
would only despise the House for applying what
they would term such wretched palliatives to the
evils of ‘the State. With respect to the existing
distress, it was, no doubt, to a cousiderable extent,
the consequence of the long war in which we had
been eugagea, Should new troubles arise to
threaten the continuance of peace, might it serve
as n.bi'acon to guide our cOndoct ! Wars were
visitations front God, and on the principles of
Almighty jnsiice, • calamities were dealt not to
the conquered alone, but also to the comities or.
lie then contended, that Parliament had, till the
present time, neglected the great and import-
ant duty of attending to the education of the
poor. Where people were destined to possess a
great degree of liberty, there must be a certain
degree of moral edueitiiirn to enable them to en-
joy it. Things of this kind had hitherto been
too notch left to themselves, and the results were
now felt. For if a roper notion of the sacred-
:less Of property had been given to the 'people,
would they have passed such resolutions as those
by which they had disgraced themselves at
Barnsley

Mr. Iik4ILLIPS was glad to see th'at one good
effect at least Was likely to follow from the ob-
servations of his Honourable Fiend (Mr. Ben-
net), namely, the stoppression of Orange Societies.
Such, he hoped, would be the consequence of the
expression Of the opinion of (hr Hon. Gentleman
(Mr. Wilbraham,) who naturally poSsesied touch
influence in his part of the country. The [lon.
Gentleman then prOceetled to support the :notion,
believing that a Committee would tend rather to
calm di%content than to inflame it.

Mr. S. WunTLEY believed that much of the dis-
content in the manufacturing districts, arose fron►
the absence of persons of property. The chain of
insuboldioation was not complete. There was no
regular giadation from the cottage to the Throne.
In other countries the peasant looked up to the
farmer—the farmer to the gentleman—Hie gentle-
man to the Peer ; but here order was broken ; they
were principally mechanics, who saw no perion
between them and the Crown, and looked upon
themselves as entitled to share those hinds wliose
proprietors they solinosed were engaged only in
luxury and idleness. Hence they would not be satis-
fied with a moderate Reform in Parliamen►. They
woold ask that the whole Constitution should be
surrendered. This was language with which the
'loose could not parley. He was sorry to perceive
that these doctrines received the sanction of a Gen-
tleman who was a candidate for a seat in this
House at the last Election for \Ves►minster, and
who, he had reason to believe, was the author of a
pamphlet, entitled, " A trifling Mistake in Tho.
teas Loril Erskine's Address to the People." Here
the Honourable Member read several passages
fron► the pamphlet, to show the violent deL:ree of
Reform which the author recommended. Among
'the rest, was a passage to the•fnllowing effect
What prevents the people from going dote') to
the House of Commons, pulling out the Members
by the ears., locking the door, and carrying; away
the key ?"—(A laugh )—The work recommended,
in the most distinct manner, to reform that
House by brute force.--(Hear !)—Did this look
like moderate reform, he would ask ; or could any
composition he inatfe with Reformers who held
such doctrines ? Under such cir•enntstances,
tht re-
fore, any concession on the part of the House
would be but weakness. Ile was convinced that
a vet y great majority of the people Were influenc-
ed by such writings to wish for a Reform, and
.it was because he knew that the oftener the goes-
lion was agitated the inure the people's minds
would be opened, that he wished for dlscussion in
that House on reform. Nothing was farther
from his 14 than a persuasion that a Reform in

this House would relieve the discontents of the
people : for he was sure their leaders were not
sincere in looking for it. Uri the contrary, there
wete arson; it them those wl*made that ohj,ct
H pretence for pursuing the worst designs against
the Government or the country.
Mr. MAXWELL coutentled that the inattention
of l'arliament to the wants of the people was a
great cause of the little conflience the people bad
in this House. It was full time for the House
to redeem its character; gild no opportunity could
be more fitting Ilia" the locAent, 'when tie mouse
Slitodd by an inquiry give grave proofs of a dispo-
Sition to ameliorate :he conditioo "of the people,
and more particularly in the mauntactutiog dis-
tricts.

"rbe Logo ADVOCATE objected to the Motion.
lie took a review of the state of Scotland, about
which there had been much mis•statement. The
weavers had beet► distreSsed, because wages fell ;
they etoleavonredto make it up by longer hours,
which increosed the quantity of produce already
too great, and heightened the distress in propor-
tion. The spinuers had to wait for water, so that
they could not overstock the market ; hence the
wages had -remained, in some cases, as high as
40s. per week, yet there was a greater proportion
of Radicals among them than the weavers. The
colliers at Sc.otland were %vat se ; they were at
present very well off, but at the -beginning of
Majesty's reign they %vete mere slaves to the
several collieries, and could be brought back, if
they ventured to leave their prOper owners,
same manlier as slaves. Nay, worse ahad that
if an old pit had begun to work anew, the colliers
formerly belonging to it, could be broa'glit back.,
and compelled to work in it. The Parliament
had jitit them on the same footing as the'other in-
habitants of the kingdom, and had, moreover,
rendered null and void certain bonds for money,
entered into by the colliers, to fulfil the condi-
tion of their former slavery, and yet there were
among them the most radical traducers of that
Parliament which had so emancipated them. Ra-
dicalism had spread even into the I lighlands, and
in great measure tainted that gallant and loyal
people. Leagues were formed bet we,,n thematic! the
Radicals ; Union Societies'for reading and discours-
ing Radical Politics were formed, and so were
schools for teaching the doctrines all over Scotland.
The decay of religion was manifest. Weavers
worked all clay on Sunday ; many %vlio used to go
to church spent the forenoon in talking politics.
At Paisley, a riot, commenced on Saturday, con-
tinued throughout Sunday : the house of a Minis-
ter was attacked. The same thing had taken.
place at Glasgow. The Lord Lieutenant of La-
narkshire had written to him to say, that, with-
out an addition to the military force, he could
not answer for tlie peace of the county. lie did,
not charge the Radicals with turbulence generally :
there was rather au ominous silence iii their de-
meanour, as it some extraoroinary objet weight-
ed on their miuds, lied great hopes, hOwever,
in the vigorous measines.Goverom-ent were about
to adopt, together with the vigilance of the Ma-
gistrates and the general good sense of the Peo-
ple, for restoring the Country to tranquillity. As
to emu:illation, it was 'cut of the question,
time Radicals renounced their terrific pro!essions„
and she wed Weir submission to ti.c laws.

Mr. auce, in a speech of considerable length,
gave an account of an expeiiinent he had procured
to be tried at Coventry since last Session, anti
which had stfececded beyond his hopes. They
had relirvrtl tt- distressed and raised their wages
(having provided a food to support those who
might be thrown out of einpinyment) ; and the
consequence was that this fund was hardly touch-
ed, and when an itinerant demagogue visited Co-
ventry not two hundred persons were tempted to
attend to hint and Radical Reform. This he
contended was a pattern to Government to
treat the general distress hi the manntic-
!tiring districts throughout the kingdom. With
regard to the commercial distress, he conceiv-
ed h would he paria!ly relieved by an in-
ere ise of esports, When the over specula, ion and
supply wt is was run into at the close of the w ir
was exhausted ; tin! certainty not to the exient
contemplated by those who fancied we should re-
turn to the same prosperity as when we engrossed
the monopoly of the whole world_ lie e-mplain-
ed strongly of the Woal Tax, to which he attii-
barted much of the untonfacturing distress ; and
said if the Chancellor of the Exchequer woull take
off he tax on Si:k, he would be bound that a port of
compe would soon be Opened against France.
Bot the weight of taxation was the great source
all ill,. etil. Tie restoration of our standard cur-
rency had raised the taxes '25 per cent. and if the
manufacturers were not relieved, the effect Wont('
be fatal in the home, and particularly in the foreign
marke,s. It was thus that Holli;nd was redimed
from wealth to beggary. The Honourable Gen-
tleman mentioned a fact, existing with his own
kaowledge, which he reproved, as offeting a dis-
couraging example to the country. Noble Lords,
connected with the Right 1.-lon. Ministers oppo-
site, bad been, during the week, selling largely out
of the public funds for the purpose of investing
their capital on French security. This was calcu-
lated to have a very bad effect, and create muck
apprehension. If tiie Noble Lords were alarmed,
they ought at least to take care not to spread that
contagion through the populatiun.
Mr. P'sEl, would take this opportunity of ex-
plain;ng au opinioo of his, addressed to the Llouse
a few nights ago, which had been very much mis-
represented within the House. It had been im-
puted to him, that he said that the Mose ot Com-
mons should soon make its iiptino between a coo.
tinuance of British Ilkanufacthres, an.l of the thi-
tish Constitution. lie had said Ho stick thing.
What he said was Oil's, that while persUus who
were wicked enough to make a Fade of the
distresses of ttle country, were suffered to
go about poisoning the minds of the ms-
toe.a(torers, he viewed the manufacturing
Listriets with appiihension and alarm. He
saw causes operating in those dist, iris to
cause great local distress ; and while these (Us-
tresses were made, the instrument of creating
sedition, he felt very great alarm on account of
the sofferers, and the probable consequences to
the country at large. Ile did never drink that
the continuance of British manufactures was in-
conaisle-ut. with the continuance of the British
Constitytion!, If f:vcts be thought so, the senti.

orent would c' with a very bad grace, an'i iu
vets/ had taste from one who owed all whatsoever
advantaoe he possessed to the existence of those
miwtfactures—(Hear would now address
bimself to the question then before the Eloise.
nod he regretted very much that the subject had
been mixed up 50 much with political mat-
ter. The more he heard that night, the more
w3A be confirmed in the opinion which he
entertained when he came into the House ;
namely. that it. was utterly impossible to
devise a remedy for the distress of the mann-
facrisrin4 districts. Indeed, whatever doubt
• he tni:.,ht have had as to the propriety of in-
v, he was now convinced, by several of the
sp,.eches which had been delivered that night,
no possible good could result fron► an inqui-`
ry, even if it did take place. The Right lion.
tietolerunn proceeded to notice the several means
of employing the poor, suggeited: by several of the
G%-toletnen who spoke in the debate, and endea-
voured to show the difficulty and impolicy of car-
rying them into effect. lie had an utter objec-
tion to the mode of relieving the distresses of the
poor by a public contribution. Such a plan of
relief, amongst many other impolitic conse-
quences, would produce the effect of counteract-
- ing those checks which operated against an in-
creasing population, and which, he feared,
would be found to be the only effectual remedy
for the distresses of the Country. Under all
• these circumstances, he could not vote for the

motion.
Mr. BARING and Mr. ELLICE explained.
Mr. J. P. GRANT spoke in favour of the run-
fiOn. If there was no other reason for agreeing
to the n;tiniry that+ to show the People that Par-
liament was sensible of their distress, he 01:Ingot
flot !his was a soflkient one. The Ilan, Meuaber
reviewed the causes of distress_ in the c,>ncttty, and
he thought that if some a!tempt was not made 1,,
cheek them, the cousequeoces most prove dread-
ful.

Mr. T. SMITH SAid 11. f wqs not one of those et ho
thntight th.n improvements in the means fvf
idrtnring mater'iafs ere not generail'
taltiow.glt the imtnedhite effect mi:.ht he tn throw
ntapy per,,ons ont empNlyiliellr lie was ex-
treinely sorry to find that Goverstnent refused

inquiry. ms thus, thrre could he no hope of a re-
mk,dy for 'be admitted distn,sses of tht-
t'+orne dedociion front the burdens of the people
ought to take place, and for his part he was ready
to vote for any plan which could cenfine as much
es possible the talLation to the rich.
Mr. W. SMITH thought that it was highly
improper to hold out to the sountry the notion
that thc destruction tot maellinery would tend to
remave distress. a policy was too short_
sighted to deserve consideration for a Mollieut
convintcd as he was that be the removal of dis-
tress the sedition which w;ts existing in the
conntry would yanit,lt like a morning dtearn.
Mr J. SMITH and Mr. W. SMITH mutually ex-
plained.
Mr. NIAFSPIPLD said, that it had been his mis-
fortune to wines% such cruel privations, Rod so
notch severe suffeiing and distress amongst the
rn,toutacturers in the pl.ee which he had the ho-
ilooe o represent, that it was with the most sin-
cere and deep refire! he felt himself bound to op.
pose the present motion for inquiry; but really,
si.ch an active spirit of angry and p,ditic.Jl feeling
pervaded the whole of the observations of the
Hon M,over, that he could expect no benefit to
the poor sufferers from an inquiry'trnstititted under

Sllf7ll circumstances. if the motion %vere tzTanted,

it would be ral,er an lucquiry into political tanS-
OCiiol3S, Whieit the House laid already decidedly
pe,gitived, whereas otigl,t to be an inquiry into
the nature and extent o! the stifietings of ma.
nutaetorers, and Ho attempt to devise stone re-
lief. for them Wiwnever a Committee fot this

purpose (which he Ihought most desirable) was
tuatle,. plainly and directly for that object, and
!livested of political matter (which had nothing to
do with ir), he should ertaiulv give it his feeble,
hot most zealots support ; anti he sincerely hoped
a very short time would elapse before such a mea-
sure was proposed to the 11 ()use.

Lord ACCLIIBALD HAMILTON- had been witness
_‘,F the most beart-rendiug scenes of distress among
the people, and he reflected with surprise On the
part Niinisters took in the present thseusSion.
They did not hesitate to call upon the House to
pass measures of severity and coercion against the
people without allowing of any delay, whilst they
'refused to grant an inquiry into their grievances.
Mr. DAVENPORT felt that there were so many
,considerations to be urged on both sides of the
'criestioo, that he had not as yet determined on
which side he should vote. The distresses of the
Country, he felt, required the most anxious atten-
tion, but he was afraid that the inquiry proposed
by tr,e lion. Member embraced son many sultjects
_to afford a hope that it would produce any bene-
ficial results.

Mr. Trentia.Y said, that nothing like general
argument had fallen from the Noble Lo:d, or any
of his Colleagues, in answer to his 'Holt. Friend
who had opened the +bate- His principal ob-
ject in rising was to defend the course pursued
by his Hon. Friend in briuging forward the mo-
tion. And however it might be received in the
House, he was convinced that the excellent mo-
tives which led to it would be duly appreciated by
the country, and that if it were agreed to, it
would lead to gear good. He cbuld not ap-
prove of an inquiry of the limited nature pro-
posed by the Noble Lord (Castlereagh). He
end t►is Colleagues were alarmed at an exten-
sive investigation, because it would lead to the
inference that they were responsible for a great
part of the evils under which the country
was labouring. The Ilitzht Honourable Gen-
tleman then censured the conduct of Govern-
ment in various particulars connected wish
the disturbances of the country. We were
held up to this country, and to the world,
in the most pitiable 'situation of any nation on
earth. For the first time it was affirmed, without
fear of contradiction, that Noble Lord 3 had sold
Largely out of our Ponds, to invest their property
in the French Funds. But he thought that the
fact, of which be had been well assured, that
,on,ll sums of 2 or 3001. were transferred from
t!=is country to the same place was infinitely
io-re alarming. It was represented that trade
,aguated, that our capital was-flowing into

THE SUN.

SOLES QUIS DICER& FAI.SUM A UDEAT ?

LONDON,
FRIDAY, DECEMBER W, 1819.

We reccived this nforning the Paris Papers of
Monday and Tuesday last. Monday, the Chamber
of Deputies again assembled, when M. BECQUEY
made the expected Report from the sth Bureau,
respecting the return of M. GREGolatt for the
Department of l'lsere. As was some time since
stated,•the point of validity turns Iron the article

in the Constitutional Charter, which enacts, that
at least half the number of Deputies for any De-
partment shall be chosen from amongst those per-
sons whose political domicile is in such Department.
The Department of ('lsere returns 4 Deputies ; of
the three existing before the election of M. Gee..
GOIRE, one was dOllliCiliatCd in another Depart-
mew, one in l'lsere, and a third, according to
the opinion of the Bureau, had no political domicile
in that Department. It became therefore in this
way obligatory in the Electoral College to chose
a fourth Deputy, who was domiciliated within
the Department, and Gap:Goias not being
so, his election was pronounced by the Com-
mittee to be null and void. So much noise
and tumult from the different sides succeed-
ed this recommendation of the Bureau, that the
President felt it necessary to recommend the
Chamber, in pointed terms, to remain trim-
qnil, and to preserve that • dignity which
ought to characterise their deliberations in
the presence of France and of Europe. This,
however, had but little effect, a contest aris-
ing reboot priority of speaking, which redoubled
the tumult. The President put on his hat, but
soon afterwards uncovered, and WRAVEZ was
heard to order. This, however, was succeeded
again by much disorder, arising from several
Members wishing the question to be voted wit hoot
discussion. The Baron 11/oat/tan entreated the
Chamber to hear those who were disposed to speak;
his intreaty was of no avail. M. LAINE attempted
to speak, but his voice was drowned in the tu-
mult. M. MANUEL shared the same fate. The
President again put on his het, and suspend-
ed the Sitting for an hour. At the expira-
tion
of the hour they again assembled, but the
tumult was for a short time renewed. M. LAZNE
at length obtained a .hearing, and the discussion
proceeded.—We have no room to give even an
outline of the debate ; the result was, that the
Chamber, by an immense majority, rejected
GREGOIRE, amidst shouts of " Vive le Hui,"
which resounded through tilt Saloon and the
Public Trihunes. The scrutiny for Candidates
for the PreSidency was post.poned till Tuesday.
The MallliteSS DE LATOUX-MAUBOURG, the
new Mioisttr of War, arrived at Paris on Sun-
day evening (not before, as stated), and on Mon-
day had a private audience of the KING.
"Five PER CENTS.—Monday, 68 f. 50 c."

The chief business in the House of Commons
last night related to Mr. BENNET'S Motion for
an Inquiry into the present State of the Manu-
factoring Districts, an Inquiry so interesting and
important, that, if the motion had been limited to
its professed object, it would have had the snpport
of Ministers. So many other topics-, however,
were introduced by the Honourable Mover, that
the Inquiry might have been expanded without
end, and would have impeded discussions of es-
sential importance to the State. The Motion,
therefore, was negatived without a division.—
Another topic of considerable interest was intro-
duced. Mr. S. Woemev read some passages
from a work imputed to Mr. Hoist-loose, the late
Candidate for Westminster, of so offensive and
daring a description, that Mr. COURTENAY sig-
nified his intention to bring forward a Motion on
the subject this day. Mr. BROUGHAM attempted
to dissuade the Member from such an intention,
but much to the honour of the latter, he deter-
mined to persevere, and gave notice accordingly.
If men of education and in respectable stations in
society are permitted with impunity to libel the
Representative Body, as well as the Government
itself, not merely the Ministers, no wonder the
RADICALS are likely to feel new incitements to
Rebellion. We trust, therefore, that Mr. Count's-
NAY will persevere, and that every friend to the
Country in the House of Commons will resolutely
take up the subject. Such is the Freedom of the
Press which the Opposition have endeavoured to
maintain !!—We yesterday gave a short account of
the commencement of the Southwark Meeting,
proceeding as far as the beginning of the speech
of a Mr. BLACK. The Manchester business
was of course brought forward, anal a Mr.
HALL, who had, been employed to visit Man-
cheater, to inquire into that business on the
spot, gave such an account of the horrors
which had taken place, that the High Bailiff
thought proper to stop him ; first, because be
was not a resident Housekeeper in Southwark,
and next, because his account was of so appalling
a nature.—Mr. CALVERT expressed his wish that
Mr. HALL had been snffered to proceed, and,
after excusing his absence on former occasions,
declared his desire of a Parliamentary Reform.—
Sir RoseaT WILSON followed, and uttered one of
the most inflmalmatory speeches that ever was ad-
dressed to a Public Meeting. We will not be
accessary to the circulation of such a torrent of
invectives against Government. Such Resolution-,
were passed as might be expected at a Meeting

where such Leaderspresided ; and, after T "14
had been given to Mr. CALVERT, Sir Re3llll
WILsoN, and the HIGH BAILIFF, the Meetinhig
was dissolve!. This Meeting is stated, in r
Morning Chronicle of to-day, as having heed °l'
ducted with " the utmost decorum, harmony, 0"',
propriety." There were indeed no Radical ft
or outrages, but there was as much Radical orb
tory as could be heard in any place.—So much fa
" decorum and propriety ;" and its harmony w°.

le, (le

...__.
......

oW
by no means surprising, as they all had tiicir
way, and as no person could have presumed ti
tr ter an objec►ion to any of the proceeding
without incurring the danger of insult, violeoce
or something worse.

NOCTURNAL TR AIN I No.—We can assure the
Public, from good authority, that many of d
Chelsea Pensioners who have been called in to
examined whether or not they are fit for useful
service, were seized by the Radicals iu the (lir
turbed Districts, and compelled to train them
rebellious purposes, on pain of death. The por
men were, of course, obliged to comply, but`
escaped on the first opportunity. No doubt se;
veral of these military veterans are still detaine
with the same treasonable views. Surely in 1041

a state of things the most vigorous measures orv,
necessary for
.the general protection of Po'
perty, and the very existence of the MoNAacH4'

Cowes, DEC. 9. Arrived the Brilliooll
YOUNG, from the Cape of Good Hope; 0114
4lt October. On 11th Nov. spoke a ship ondeti
the tri-coloured flag, which asked the Ord'
liant why site conkd not show her colours, vibe°
the latter requested to know why the French Rey
volutionary flag was flying, and a reply was !Wile'
it was no concern of theirs. On the Brilloo
rating they could not show any colours WhilSi
that was flying, they were hauled down, 04
Spanish ensign hoisted. The schooner was AP°
130 tons, and her deck was full of slaves.

CORN-EXCHANGE, DEC. 10.—A very considerable qtrantil
of Wheat and Barley remained over from Wednesday's 54r
ply, for which the demand was very trifling this m 004:
and only prime samples of each could be got off, for witio.
Wednesday's prices were obtained ; bat there was no °a
for the ordinary qualities, although offered on lower te'll/1
Oats were also dull sale, but out cheaper ; in Pease
Beans there is no alteration.

SMITHFIELD MARKET.—There was but a middling WI::
of Cattle at Market this morning, and the prices remailloie
per -last Monday ; Mutton, Veal, and Pork, scarce ant
ference in their prices.--Hay Market remains the 541126
per our last quotation; Straw and Clover no alteration.

MADAme MARA.—This celebrated Sit ger, sr:,
gether probably the best whoever appealed in Off'
or any "'country, and who has been many ye°
abroad, bas, we understand, inst returned W'
Russia, and is now in town. According to
port her musical powers are still iu an admiral',
state, as %yell as her general health. It is, h""0
ever, uncertain whether she will ever appear I
public. ASHE, who presides over the Bath Cor,
certs, with his usual alertness, immediately Oat,
ed her an engagement, which, it seems, she b,
clined, intending, if she performs again in 01 •
lic, to commence her career in Hie metropoiis-
- the dispatches for Bombay °rot
China, by the ship Thomas Colitis, were close' €
the East India House, and delivered to the poll
of that ship. The following are passengers :•-•
Major-General Sir Thomas Munro, K.C.B. (Gorerfo.f,,,&
Madras) And Lady ; Major Charles He, vey Powell : Y", 4
C. 0. Aveline; Messrs. 3. IVheeler and W.Siruson, ‘t_.,oteol
Mr. Ridden ; Messrs. G. Du Vernet, G. W. Gillis, W•
G. Macau, and R. Mignan, Cadtts.
Wedderburn, the black preacher, has been CI
mitted to Newgate for a blaspionnous
ex-officio information has been filed against hint'
DREADFUL FIEII.—An alarming and deitrl
five fire broke out in Tiverton yesterday 00)/..t
ing, between the hours of two and three._
commenced in a house at the entrance of Bird
lane, near the Turnpike Gate leading to PI,
ter. Immediate assistance was procured,
40
fire engines drawn to the spot, but the 101.0
being coveted with thatch, although every excel°.
was made, nothing could withstand the violenceP4lo
the flames, and nine dwellings were entirely 0
snared. It is impossible to describe the constaiq.
t ion and distress of file jioo families who %ref°
driven from their beds, and, with scarcely 111
clothing on them obliged to expose themselves
the inclemency of the weather, and some 118:1 0,
other resource hut to' jump from their winopq
1

~_

T~

1.41\11
1146"

, .
to save their lives. We have to lament
many accidents occurred, one poor wornansff
particular, was so dreadfully burnt, that ;pi
survived. only a few hours ; another, who le 6d
from her window, was very soon after deliver/f
of a fine boy, and we are happy to bear. Itied
they are both likely to do well. The fire is sip,
posed to have origioate'l from throwing hot cobi
tiers under the stairs, which, we are sorry to co)
serve, is ton frequently the practice of poor P
ple —(Exeter Flying Post, Dec. 8.)
,
AGAIN!!—HAzArtu and Co. have solo the
drawn Prize of 520,000.—Thursday last, (i0(1
6,656, the First-drawn Prize, entitled to .42
Money and Consols, was sold in Shales bY
ZARD And CO., who also sold the First-dr:01
Prize of ,&20,000 on the first day of the Pre or°
Lottery, No. 7,370. Tickets and Shares .01
selling for the Lottery to begin the 12ib
by HAZARD and Co., Royal Exchange 5,
Corohill ; and 324, Oxford-street,
Swallow-street.

... _ . - amninam5..........••••.•!..........".'".".-6 re
LONDON: Printed by J. B. CARSTAIRS, of Nch,29'o'; !ll',
Ornioud-street, Queen-square; and published ,P,
SCRIPPS, of No. 7, South Nlolton-street, at Tai
Office, No. 112, Strand ; wh,rit Adveitisementst
Letters, Ztq. (post-paid) must be alarcssed•

'The
the tit
tithe
*hien

'':---.

o.
T~

/42,14
4„ Tu
'OEO,
Aeeoii
lftetit

-kt;iitei)
441 e;
4e for
Is* Qi
Ilgets
1't1407

.~~

•tPr
.u,ltoll
%tx,

MIS

tts

'rile It
The

The R

R
e It
411 e I
T 114411
11
e V
•

R
R

v

sl/4,
Arai
kctn
