PARLI AMENT.

HOUSE OF. COMMONS', I‘l,lY 8.
Several public accounts and other papers were presented, and
ordered to be printed.
BULL-BAITING.

Mr. 11. SUMNER (for Mr. It. MAR N) gave notice, that,
on Monday evening next he should move fOr leave to bring in
a Bill to presi6nt BulLbaiting.

SLAVERY.

Mr. BIRCH., pwented a petition from Nottingham, in fa-
vour of the Abolition 'Of Slavery; Init added,lhat until he knew
what was the nature of the measure about to. be proposed on
this subject, he could. not pledge himself to support it. Ile
believed much misrepresentation and rancour had been disse-
minatetton the subject, to the injury of those who had property
in the 'West Indies.

Mr. DEN MAN supported the prayer of the petition. So
long as the Negro population were left in the power of their
masters, he thought it impossible to suppose that they could. be
Well treated.

Mr. SYKES also spoke in favour of the petition.
Mr. GRENELL said, the mere question of property could
.not be fairly brought forward on the consideration of the alr-
&tract question, whether slavery ought to be allowed. The main
question being disposed of, he Should not; perhaps, object to
the principle of allowing compensation.
After a few words front Mr. Bincn, in explanation, who
:said he had not expressed himself decidedly against the aboli.
don, the petition was ordered to be printed.
! Mr. MANSFIELD presented a petition from Leicester,
Praying for the abolition of slavery.
• Similar petitions were presented from Stoke-upon-Trent, by
LiTTLriori from the Arehtleaconry of Leicester, by
kr. LEGH KECK ; from Salisbury, by Lord FOLKESTONE;
'from Pembroke, by Sir JOHN OWEN ; from Hull, by Mt.
SYKEs; from Warrington,- by' Mr;' SLAcxnunarE ; from
Yeovil, by Mr. Dicxxxsox; from York, by Mr. CHALONEII;
and Retford, by Mr. ifivANs. • ••
Mr, DENISON presented a petition from Epsom against
the Coal Duty: - •
The above petitions were ordered to be printed.
Mr: 'Alderman WOOD presented a petition from Cornwall
against the Coal Duty.
TITHES.

Sir J. OWEN,presentea a petition from Pembroke, praying
for an alteration of the present system of Tithes.
Mr. HUME supported the prayer of the petition, which, ho
said, did, not propose to take away a single shilling to which
the Clergy were cntitled.—The petition was ordered to be
printed.
SI4LILL DEBTS.
Lor ALTHORP presented a petition from the Inhabitants
of the town of Leicester, praying for a legislative measure to
facilitate to recovery of Small Debts, l'hey stated two in.
stances of enormous costs being incurred in the Courts at West.
minster, in actions for the recovery of &hall Debts.—After a
few observations Trom the:Noble Iprd, in support of the peti-
tion, it was ordered to be printed.
• CARLILE'S

Mr. If UM E
_presented a Petition from Mr. Carlile, now con.
fined in Dorsetshirepok He knew that the grossest prejudice
existed against this individual. Until the distresses 0f.1916 he
was an industrious mechanic r but the distresses of the times
compelled him to seek a. livelihood as a render of pamphlets.
Ile
,Mr. H.) boldly defied any one to state an inissota,uanranooeseepixiieconewfilolithenmns-i.
ihmnueosi
irble
Inlcfinoad
fnu
dc taonn sthte
prosecutions' partb
exemplaryorft lYel;.uhebe
head
iaoltfei 0
n‘a
olf
re e fancily.liwga
he had to state the act, that until Carlilewas prosecuted for sell-
ing Paine's works, the sale was very trifling;; but the prosetu-
lion of himself and his family caused•asaleoflo,ooocopies. His
weekly publication of The Republican was by the same means
raised t9aittds of
.0,000 per week. He (Mr. 11.1 entreated
facts. The subject, howevii.,-51"0/"InuSeatitin.,....tix. rheas
principally a complaint that lie had been interrupted in his de-
fence by the judge who tried him, The Hon. Member, at some
length. contended, that this was an improper practice, and de-
structive of the tights of Englishmen. The sentence upon
Carlile was, that he- should beimprisoned for three years, pay
a fine of one thousand five hundred pounds, and find sure-
ties for his good behaviour for life. On the same day on'
which, sentence was passed, all his property was seized, and
detained unsold for three years. This, he contended, was
illegal ; and he complained too, that the property, if sold to
fair advantage, would have produced between 4,000 and
5,000/. ; and yet, notwithstanding all this, he was kept in
prison for the fines. He thought that conduct 'like this was
not to be exampled in the worst times of the Inquisition. It
discouraged respectable booksellers from publishing works of
.controversy. The conduct indeed displayed towards this man
was most cruel and oppressive. His property hail been seized,
his wife and family turned into the streets, and himself thrown
into a prison, where lie now remained. His petition prayed
for the interference of the House to address the Crown
for his discharge, and he trusted that that prayer would meet
with the attention from the House which it deserved. The
Honourable Member concluded by moving that the petition be
brought-up.
. • The SOLICITOR.GENERAI., took a concise review of all
the proceedings in the case of Mr. Carlile, and reminded the
House, that the libel of which he had been convicted, had been
the subject of successive prosecutions from the period of its
first publication. But were it even the 51st prosecution, the
Court always allowed the defence to be conducted with the
same freedom as though it were but for the first time brought
before the Court. The defendant, as had been stated, was
not interrupted in his defence—if defence it could he called.
—So far from it, that his address to the Jury continued for
' three days, nearly eleven hours each day.—(Hear, hear !)
It was to be recollected, that Mr. Cathie himself had de-
clared that nothing should deter him in the course that be
had marked out--that his wife would follow in the path
and glory in the martyrdom—and that his sister would con-
duct the business should the wife be convicted, He went
still further, and threatened, that should all his family suffer
the penalties of the 'law, it would then be easy for him to ob-
tain for hire persons to carry on the business effectually.—
The House, at least such Gentlemen as attended to the history
of Mr. Carlile, were aware that he had kept his word, and
that a prosecution against one of his agents was yet actually
pending. It had been stated that the levy on his goods ought
not to have been made until after the imprisonment had ex-
pired, This levy was legally made, but if it were not so, Mr.
Carlile had his remedy—he might applied to the court to
set aside the writ. Mr. Parkins, the Sheriff:, might hare acted
irregularly in not selling the property after it had been seized,
but for that his Majesty's Government was not responsible.—
From what hail passed in court on that part of the subject, he
believed the Sheriff did not wish to risk the selling of such a
quantity of libellous and blasphemous publications as were
comprehended in the property seized. He had understood that
a Learned Friend of his, Mr. Starkie, had been called upon by
the Sheriff to peruse the 50,000 volumes seized, with the view
of enabling him to sell that part of it which was not subject
to that charge, That residue was sold, and produced not more
than 351. With respect to the inability to pay the fine, there
was this inconsistency in the statement of the Honourable
Member, that if 13,000 copies were sold, on the most moderate
estimate of profits Mr. Carlile must have gained considerably
by the sale.
Mr. LENNARD considered the sentence passed on Mr.
Carlile as one of very unconstitutional severity. That severity
he looked upon as one of the signs of the times. It" did appear
to him that the supporters of the Six Acts having failed in their
efforts to procure the punishment of perpetual banishment, as
was contemplated, had still contrived through the agency of the
Judges to supply that deficiency by sentences which amounted
to perpetual imprizonment—( Hear hear 1)
Mr. HUME explained theinability of Mr. Carlile to pay the
finet by the fact that he had invested the profits of his former
sale in the expence of the works which were seized under the levy.
Mr. DENMAN observed, that the proceedings in the case
before the House proved that irreligion could also produce its
martyrs. Such were the effects of that reaction which . the
operation of the joint stock purse of the self-called Constitu-
tional Association produced. Ile understood that the funds of
that purse were exhausted, never, he trusted, to be replenished.
The punishment he considered to beexcessive. Had the Judges
been aware of the inability of Mr. Carlile to pay the fine,, at
the time judgment was passed, he was sure they never would.
have passed it. Therefore he trusted the Government would
interfere and modify it, to the actual circumstances of the de-
fendant. .
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that Carlile had distinctly, on his
trial, admitted the sal. of 3000 copies of the work, for selling
which he was prosecuted, at half-a-guinea each. This led the

Court to a belief of hiS having realized at least 1,5001. by his
sales. He was not, however, kept in prison now entirely on
account of the fines, for a part of the sentence was, that ho
should find seelOrityfor his future gOod behaviour; and from
his subsequent and his preient conduct in prison, there was
every reason to believe that it would be extremely hazardous
for any one to become security for him. All the circumstances
considered, he contended that the conduct of Covernment in
not extending mercy to him was completely justified.
Mr. HUME moved that the petition be printed.
Mr. Secretary PEEL opposed the !minting, as reference was
made in a margin to a list of blasphemous publications, which
though the order of that House, would get currency amongst
the people.
hir: HI'ME had no objection to separate the margin from
the petition; the latter was couched in unobjectionable lan-
guage.
Mr. Secretary PEEL felt that it would be equally objec-
tionable to print the petition in a mutilated 'state, and therefore
he submitted to the Honourable Member not to press his
Motion.

..Mr. HUME withdrew hit motion for_the printing, men'
ing to himself the right of bringing thetilbject forward in an
other shape.

EAST INDIA SUGAR.
Mr. DENMAN presented a petition from Nottingham in
favour of the equalization of the Duties on East anti West India
Sugars. • -

• BREAD.
Mr. HUSKISSON- presented a petition from the Master
Bakers and FlourAealers of Liverpool, praying for the ex-
tension of the London Local Bread Act to Liverpolil.
Honourable Ilemberstook the opportunity of stating, that, he
had recommended, instead of a local, a general measure of
legisl

After a few words frorn Mr. GRENFELL, which was not
understood, the petition was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.

ISLE OF GUERNSEY.
AIL BENNET rose to ask a qumtion, which, during every
Se :Won of the last five years, he had ineffectually put. fla wish.
e$ to know What proceedings had been determined on, in con-
iiirinity with the Report of a Commission which had been made
years ago ? Great complaints had been made, because that Re-
port had not been attended to.

The ATTORNEY-GENERAL answered, that certain al-
terations recommended in that Report had been adopted, and
others were under deliberation.

• APPEALSIIN THE HOUSE OF Lorms.
Mr. A BERCROM RV moved, in the absence of an Honour-
' able Friend, for a Conimittee to inspect the Journals of the
House of Lords, and to inquire into the beat means of facilitat-
ing the administration of justice as it was connected with the
hearing of appeals, writs of error, and other judicial proceed-
ins in that House. •
-The Committee was thereppon appointed.
BREACH OF PRIVILEGE.
Colonel BARRY rose for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the Clouse to an article in a Newspaper respecting the
pending imptiry into the conduct of the Sheriff of Dublin. He
felt reluctant to propose the bringing a Printer to the bar of that
Rouse ; but the object of the paragraph to which he alluded
was so obviously to impede the course of publiejnatice, that he
felt obliged to notice it. The obscurity of the paper in which
it was contained might have induced him to pass it by in silence,
were not its wickedness and falsehood such as to make it unfit
,that„ even upon the End ted number of the natters of that paper,
such an impression should be suffefed to remain. He then pro-
ceeded to read an article from a Morning Paper, animadverting
upon the conduct and character of the Orange party in Ire-
land, and commenting upon the evidence given in the House
of Commons. The lion. Member then referred to the case of
!Sir Elijah Impey, in 1788, in which the House had recom-
mended a prosecution by the Attorntv-General ; and concluded
by moving that the Printer of the. Paper should be called to
the bar to-Morrow.

It LI-WRY thAstrihr thot at .1.4
character of any Member of the Hone, although its insinua-
tions were injurious to the characters nf. others, enough had
been done in the notice which had been , already taken of
"it. As those tudividuals,. who br some accinnt obtained a
knowledge of the proceedings of the House, had in general
properly abstained from connventing upon' the inquiry, be
would suggest to the Hon. Gentleman the expediency of with-
.drawing Ins motion.

Colonel BARRY had no abjection to adopt the course
recommended, if the House were of opinion that the article
which he had read was_ an instance of gross injustice. Ile
did not wish to being the House into collision with those
people " But unless something be done," said the Honourable
Member, ".the press will become our 'masters, instead of we
being their's."
Mr. C. WYNN said, that witnesses and even culprits charged
in that House were under its protection. He, however, thought,
in the present instance, sufficient had been done to prevent a
repetition of the offence.
Mr. ABERCROMBY thought the newspapers had, in ge-
neral, been so well advised. as to refrain from commenting on
the inquiry. The Hon. Gentleman (Col. Barry) wished to
draw forth the House as to the paragraph he had just read ;
for himself, individually, he had no hesitation in saying, he
thought it was highly coloured. Ile would, however, take this
opportunity of stating, that he had received a heap of news-
' papers and pamphlets on the other side of the question, and
particularly before the motion of the Hon. Member for Ar-
magh, containing much more exaggerated statements relative
to the conduct of the Attorney-General. fie did not, however,
feel it necessary to take any notice of them, because if the
House should enter into a contest of this sort, they would not
easily, get rid of it.
Mr. PEEL added his advice to that which had already been
given. His Hon. Friend's (Col. Barry's) character was proof
against any insinuations from Such a quarter as this newspaper.
When the liberty of the press was abused, its licentiousness
carried its own antidote with it; for it was the natural conse-
quence of disgraceittl exaggerations to lessen the credit of the
source from which they proceeded.
Colonel BARRY then withdrew his motion.
THE SHERIFF OF DUBLIN.

On the motion of Mr. J. Wita.rasta that this Inquiry be
resumed,
Mr. WETHERELL rose, to renal the attention of the
House to the subject of the discussion which had been left un-
finished yesterday. He was proceeding to state that he had
found his opinion backed by legal authority, and that all to
whom he had spoken had become more confirmed in the view
which he took, cm. that the (hand Juror was warranted, and
even bound at the instance of the House to reveal what passed
in the Grand Jury Chamber.
Mr. WILLIAMS suggested that no practical result could
prozeed from discussing this question at that precise time. An.
other opportunity might arise when it would be more proper
and convenient.
After a few words from Col. BAARY and Mr. WETUERELL
the House went into the Committee.
On the motion of Col. BARRY, who stated that he called this
witness to disprove what had been stated by the Attorney• G-
eneral for Ireland.
Henry Handwich, sen. -was called in and examined.
iSAIIRY—Q. Are you in any way related to Sheriff
Thorpe P---A. No, Sir.
Q. are you father to Henry and Matthew Handwich who
were lately tried P—A. Yes, Sir.
Q. Are they any way related to Sheriff Thorpe 1---A. No,
Sir, by no means ; but there is a branch of the family related.
Upon Henry Joseph H. Moore being called in,
Mr. PLUNKETT said, he thought it absolutely necessary
the House should decide before the examination of this witness
commenced, whether grand jurors should be questioned ix to'
what passed in the grand jury chamber. lie apprehended that
it could not be left to the willingness or unwillingness of the
juror.—(hear !)
' Mr. WYNN said, there was a ease on the records of Par-
'lament deciding the question in favour of a grand juror to
give evidence of that nature. Besides this, the wording of
the oath itself, in his opinion, decided the- question in the
same way.
Mr. A BERC 01%1 BY quoted the inatance of Lord Chatham
having declared, that were he in the place of Admiral Keppel,
he should have stated- to the House what he wished• to state,
notwithstanding his oath as a member of .the Court Martial on
Admiral Byng, simply because the House of Commons was the
proper place for making the communication. He contended,
therefore, that if Admiral Keppel, upon his 9wn approbation,
could infringe his oath to that house, it was in the power of
that House, engaged in a public inquiry, in call upon mein_
hers of a grand jury to reveal what had passed, in the grarid
jury chamber.
AIL Secretary PEEL strongly doubted whether It was 100d'

policy to hold out to jurors or others, that any power on earth,
but their own conscience, could absolve them from the obliga-
tion of an oath. The oath in itself was, that the swearer called
upon himself the vengeance of Heaven, if he ever revealed
what he swore to keep secret; and that being the case, how,
he asked, was it poastble for that House to force a witness to
forego his oath, if be thought it binding ? It must under that
view be left to the individual himself; for if not, the }louse
would be obliged to send him, if he refused to answer its de-
mend, tatiewgate ; and that he believed no one in that llouse
could desire.

Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH, contended that religion, in
cases, of oath-taking, only lent, its aid to a civil obligation as
long as that obligation in a civil poiot of view continued bind-
ing. The Right Hon. Gentleman, however, was of opinion
that an oath taken to promote civil matter% could not be ab-
solved, even when those very mattersrequired it. No one ever
thought therewas any thing irreligious or:criminal in man and
wife living separate, when the law had, absolved them from
those obligations they had bound, themselves by, in the name
of religion, at the altar of God. An oath was the creature of
the law, and was therefore subject to the lave. If the Right
Hou. Gentleman's (Mr. Peel) motion were well founded, then
it was not in the power of law Makers to alter the law ; other.
oaths. Ile was, however, of opinion that no juror should he
wise those who swore allegiance to the laws could forego their
would not
But allvh-e
science
hisa brought to that bar, and examined, whose scruples of con;
heoinluidtonotteavbealstaiwnifcaotmhpeo liinetuidng nut;
s‘'cre
under
that if oaths were as binding as the Right Hon. Secretary
seeme,i to think, the whole of our Protestant ancestors, at the
time of the Reformation and at the Revolution, were perjured;.
for they had not hesitated to break their allegiance to oaths by
which they had before bound themselves.
Mr. WETHERELL considered that the oath wasaltegether
a civil obligation, with a pledge to the Deity as to its observ..
ante. The State and King were those to whom the security
was given, the Deity being a third party. An oath Was not
according to the view of he who took it, but of him who ho.
posed it. The law writers said it was scrunduntanimanz hnpo-
nepttis,-!--it was taken quoad Dean; and this was the opinion of
Dr. Paley. He was rather disposed to think that the meaning
of an oath of a Grand Jury was that he would maintain secrtey
till the ends of justice were answered, vie. till the delinquent
was tried.—(Hear!)—The House of b'enimone, by the Consti-
tution, had an unlimited tight of power of inquiry ; and it seas
therefore impossible that the same Constitution could give
another man the means of defeating that power. The way to
examine all obligations was by inquiring quis itniaLtrat
quo aninao. To the first must be answered, the Government ;
and, to the second, it was impossible to answer, that it Was
even with the intention of checking. its own progress, of
defeating its own objects, and prejudicing its own interests.
If this were not the true way of regarding an oath, all the
.Members of either University must be prejudged ; for they
were bound by oaths to go to bed at ten, and put out their
fires at eight at night, and amongst other things not to pay
more than tivopence a pound for their mutton.—(baughter.)
With respect to oaths of this nature, it was always considered
that the founders of them were present in all time, and that
their will was to be interpreted as conceding. to the change in
the timer', those changes which the times required. He believed
it had never been solemnly decided in Court, whether or not, in
a case of perjury or fraud, a Juror could be examined, touch-
ing what had passed in the Grand Jury. The case of Sir .1.
Fenwick was wholly a party affair, and,' under all the circum-
stances, he did not think any thing turned on that case at all.
'An, allusion was yesterday made to the oath of Privy Council-
lor, but a Member of the Privy Council stood in a peculiar situ-
ation, and one materially different from that of a Graud
Juror. The religious scruple which the latter might have
to disclose what had passed before him, he considered to be
founded on no correct principle, but to arise from confounding
civil with religious duties, and he therefore had no doubt of the
House to examine the witness touching whathad passed before
the Grand Jury.
Mre BRIGHT considered that the House had power to pro.
opinion, diet weeenintiilloil of the Grand -Jurgen, and was.of
on with the in "es eo they could not satisfactorily go.
Mr..l3A R - •
e. thou 1
pee the •
an oath might be lightly death wan. I' fE Weft h.trtittt. &rolrr
appear of that importance which coujil make it expedient to
run that risk, and if the oath taken by the Grand Juror was
understood to bind him to perpetual secresy, it ought not to
be held that to aid an inquiry in that House lie might honest.
ly disclose what he had previously sworn to conceal.
Mr. DENMAN concurred in the view which his Hon. and
Learned Friend (Sir J. Mackintosh) lied taken of this sub.
ject, and denied that our ancestors, who 'bad distinguished
themselves in the part they took in the Reformation and at the
Revolution, ought to be held to have perjured themselves. The
oath taken by a Grand Juror did not prohibit such disclosures
as were now required. To act on the supposition that when
persons had sworn falsely berme. a. Grand Jury, the Jurors
were hound by oath to conceal it, would be to permit perjury,
and to deny themselves the power of punishing it. He did not
understand that the oath of a Grand Juror bound him never to
disclose the evidence given before him. The meaning of the pre-
cise words used in the oath was now lost in remote antiquity,
but he considered it to have been intended to bind them not to
disclose what bad come before them while the proceedings were
still in progress. It appeared to hini, that in a case like the
present, the oath of the grand juror did not restrain him from
giving evidence, as he was not bound by that oath to attempt
to defeat the ends of justice. Ile was surprised to hear this
question treated as it had been by an Hon. bleinber as ofedight
importance. Ile was decidedly of a contrary opinion ; and, as
an individual, felt persuaded that the question which had been
objected m might properly be put.
Mr. Secretary CANNING conceived the House, in consi.,
tiering this question, ought to• bear in mind how it would be
popularly viewed out of doors with respect to the obligation
of an oath,' and with respect to the authority
.of that House.—
If there. were in the minds of the people in general an idea
that the oath of a grand juror bound him for ever to keep
secret what had passed before him in 'that charactir, sonic
respect ought to be had for this feeling, and even if an erro.,
neous construction were put upon the oath, be thought thei
error rather furnished ground for a new enactment, than for
taking a particular course in a case which had already oc-
curred. The practical question before the House turned on
two points. The first of these was—how far was. the House
authorised to examine a grand juror ; the second, what was
the discretion which they ought to exercise? The power of
that House to absolve from an oath on certain State emergen-
cies ;was a question, the discussion of which, on the abstract
principle, he really thought would be attended with more dan-
ger than advantage. It would be better that 'they should de.
fer coming to a decision on it, till a case arrived when such de-
cision became absolutely necessary, than that they should-do
so now. It seerneesehnitted on all hands' that the refusal of a
grand juror to answer questions, whether from consider:l64m
for tenderness of conscience, or from a view of the discretion
which the House ought to exercise, would not he visited by. the
House with the extreme severity of sending a witness to New.
gate. Was this then a case in which it would be wise to exert
their authority by examining a grand juror at all? He could
not see the benefit of doing so, if, before the examinations were
entered upon, they told each witness, " if you withdraw your-
self from die questions which may be put to you, the House will
'not use that power by which it might compel you to answer."
The examination of such witnesses would probably be worse
than useless. The House intended to mark its regard for ten-
derness of conscience; but persons whose consciences were not
tender might profit by their determination. He therefore
thought that if, while they asserted the right of pressing
their questions they declined compelling answers to them, they
svuggested a reason for abandoning the examinations alto-
gether. The talking of such a course might be made sub-
servient to purposes directly opposite to those of justice.
Much evidence might be obtained on one side from those who
were not scrupolous, while none might be procured on the
' other, on occount of that tenderness of conscience which they
agreed to respect. Instead of getting at the truth, by going
on with the examination of grand jurors, their doing so might
cause the House to come out of the present inquiry with a false
view of the merits of the ease. To him this appeared so con.
elusive, that if it came to a vote, he should give his vote against
'thus potteecuting the inquiry. He would rather reserve the ewe-
don till sonic special case should call for its decision from the
Muse of Commons. He judged it to be' their duty to guard
against anything that might lower Grand Juries in public mi.
matron ; and above all, to avoid Seeming-to sanction the vio-
' .lation of the :sacred obligation of an-oath. It had been at-
tempted to 'compare the midis of the Grand Jury, by comopar.
ing them to the ridiculous oaths taken- at the.Universoieie To
do this was not to raise the character of the latter, but to bring
the former down to theirlevel. Wialiing, then, to-shuo the die-

cussion of the abstract principle, but at the same time gulrd -
ino themselves against giving: up the: power which the flou.;1.
might claim • on .a future einergeney, and. considering .eti4
case, though important, not of such magnitude, •as to ,r,
quire their immediate decision on the point in question,-
hoped it would not be their pleasure t exercise that authority,
which, if exercised, would in the presehf instance be fruitkooly
employ
Mr. WETHERELL wished it to be reniernbered4.- that th
ridicule which had been thrown on the University Oaths bra.
longed to the eminent writers he had quoted, and not to .
Mr. Secretary CANNING said he did not recollect that •
Paley had compared the University Oaths, which absolved
selve by their own absurdities:with the., substantial oath w;iicii
bad hitherto been considered entitled to reverence as taken by.
the Grand Juries.

Mr. PLUNKETT submitted to the House that if it was cols.
sidered unjust to pursue the examination of the Grand Jurors,
justice ►could require that the.whole of the evidence which ap-
plied to them, which had been already received, should be ex
punged from the minutes.

.Mr, BROUGHAM azreed as to the practical result almost
entirely with the Right lion. Gentleman. lie thought the dis-
cus,ion of the abstract principle might be postponed without pe-
rious injury. The question then was, could the inquiry go cn
with advantage without investigating what had passed befoge
the Grand Jury ? Ile did not see that it was necessary for
the House to know all or any thing o what had passed be-
fore the Grand Jury. The charge against the Sheriff was that
he had packed a Jury He adinuted that the conduct of that
Jury might bring confirmation ,of the packing-,might prove
that he bad found tooLs fur his purpose who performed the work
in an indecent manner. Ilut if the conduct of the Jay had
been good, that would not refute the charge of packing. .11is
conduct in the Jury would aggravate the offimce of the sheriff,
but their good conduct would not acquit him of the charge
which had been preferred. Tins enabled him to conclude watt
the Right lion. Gentlemen that it IV( tad be desirable to avoid
coming to a decision on the %leaden. He was sorry to hear
it contended by some Gentlemen that perjury before a grand
jury could not be proved. if this principle were admitted, it'
would be in effect telling the malicious that they might pursue
their n eighbou rs.to death with impunity, as their perj tit les,
could not he punished. A ease had occurred where a man was
on his trial for a capital offence of a very grave nature, in which
a Learned Friend of his was engard. While the trial was
going on, a note was flung down to bun from the gallery,which
stated a witness to be then swearing the contrary of what he
had worm before the grand jury. Mr. justice Buller held it
to be clear that a and jury ought be examined on this sub..
jest. This accordingly took place, and he (Hr. Brougham)
understood that the witness was afterstiards convicted of per-
jury on the evidence of that grand juror. To him it seemed'
absurd to say, that perjury before a grand jury could not br.
punished. he oath Oa grand juror hound hint not to chatter
at an alehouse or at a gentleman's table, where a grand juror'
was Illepit likely to be found in the afternoon, of what had come
before him in the morning, but it did not enjoin him to perpe-
tual silence. They had sworn that they would not idly or ma-
liCiously disclose what had come to. their knowledge, but not
that they be silent in order to defeat the ends of justice. ,lie'
would have all respect for, tuderness of conscience, reservitg:
in particular cases the right oT determining whether or not the
party took an erroneous view of the oaths by which he had oon.
sidered himself to be bound.

Colonel BARRY said, great delinquency had been charged
against the sheriff, and the charge had been sustained by re.
ference to the conduct of the grand jury. lie therefore should
exceedingly lament the gtand jurors being prevented from giv.'
Mg their evidence, which they were all ready to do, as it was
only by them that a contradiction could be supplied to what he
must call the false testimony which had been given. lie iin.
plored the Committee to proceed with the inquiry.
Tits A TTORNEY,GENERAL had foresen, two nights.
ago, that the House would be placed in the situation in which
it now stood, and had, therefore, entered his protest against
going into the condUct of the grand jury at all. But he was.
met by the argument, that their conduct would make against
the high sheriff. lle was surprised to hear the Honourable •
and t,,,,utht_ that if the conduct of the
agree that the sheriff' could not be exculpated in me one ease,.
hut might be inculpated in the other. To him this did not.
appear consistent with even-handed justice. The Learned.
Gentleman proceeded to explain his view or the oath taken by
grand jurors, and contended thlit the I louse ought to have rer
gard to the feelings of the parties by whom it was taken. HO
i regretted that the nfinity with respect to the grand jury had;
been entered:upon, and contended, that it' it were not now pro.
secuted, all that related to them ought to be expunged from ti,
minutes. He hoped what had occurred in this-instance woold
prevent their again deviating into extraneous matter in. rho -
course of this inquiry. . .
Dr. LUSHINGI()N requested that the question which heat
been objected to might be read.
The question was accordingly read.
Dr. LUSIIINOTON then applied himpelf to the question
whether a grand juror under the oath which he had taken was
at liberty to state to the House' what had passed before him in
that character. He (Dr. L.) was clearly of opinion that the
House had authority to compel an answer to the question, and
that it would be no violation of the oath of the grand juror to
give all the information demanded from him. if he saw that
the Legislature had imposed an oath of -universal secrecy on an
individual, he should then say that the party could only be re'.
leased from that oath by. the power which had imposed it,
namely, by an Act of the whole Legislature, and not merely
the decisions of one branch of it. But he did not cOnsider-
the oath to bind the party to perpetual silence. He was of
opinion, when that House called for the evidence given before a
grand jury, that the jurors were as much bound to disclose
what had passed, as they were in a case where individuals hail
sworn falsely between them, which it had been generally ad-
mitted they might do without perjuring themselves. Un-
doubtedly the House had a right to put this question ; but
the expediency. of doing so, involved many considerationi.sr
At all events, it would be disgraceful to the House not to sift
the truth to die bottom. He regretted that the inquiry had
taken so wide a range in its objects.
.' Sir J. NEWPORT said, that the best way of proceeding
Was to expunge altogether from the Minutes every thing which
had passed within the Grand Jury Room. He should 1110V010
that effect if it were the sense, of the Committee.._
Colonel BARRY said, that such a course would be a grO4s'
'dereliction of public justice. They had suffered all the (saint:-
nies that could be heaped upon the Shand Jury toga forth to
the world, and by adopting such a proposition they would pre-
vent those individuals from taking the only means in their
power of sending forth the contradiction to those calumnies. .
Sir J. NEWPORT had only thrown out the suggestion for
the consideration of the Committee, anti he should be the last
man to propose any measure which would stand in the way of
justice being done to the Members of the Grand Jury.
Mr. DAWSQN had come doily to the House impressed
with the conviction that the House could not proceed to put
questions to the Members of the Grand Jury upon matters-
which an oath bound them to keep secret. The discutisiOn
which bad taken Place had, however, convinced him both as to
the power of the House, and the expediency of adopting such
an examination. He trusted, therefore, that the House would
not stop, nor confine itself to narrow limits of inquiry ; because
justice could not be done unless the Investigation were compre—
hensive and perfect.
Mr. G9II.IIiBURN said, that when the inquiry was first
proposedrhe had pointed out that the Minim either could not
proceed in it to any satisfactory issue, or that it must findititelf
in the situation of calling upon grand jurymen to make publie
that which they were bound b oath to keep secret. He still
adhered to the opinion he pot forward last night, that to release
a juryman from an oath solemnly taken, was to violate the
emost sacred principles; and roust be productive of the worst
possible effecta, by leading the people of this country to wider-
value the high character of such an engagement. He had htard
a great deal of learning, and ingenious argument advanced that
night, but it had failed to alter the opinion which he previously
entertained. For these reasons, if the 'question tame to be th—
cided,he should vote against putting any questions to the rural
jury as to what took place in the Toom •
Sir N. COLTIWIIST contended that the w messes woo bald
tl,iohletieetyrnme
nfittiee
been
eteri,x,lll:t
layreofirniylntg
it:lsloor,:i;feurvxt
irtureonadroti :tint
:et
itoal :t,t,shlttythlwre the
m.tp sv
eose, ‘te:en
ed.uti Juryaei4.l,istvlatruts
11:11,01,
IVIr. Secretary ,AN NINO said it_ was
it!,
ex
stv
as
to
put An end to the doubts and uncertainties h
t.
;t,
the course the Committee intended to pursue. Ile
question, Wtetttftrerilt:crichthlnvel rrsedotectettratTnatt;-abi7u6-1411Zottetr•

ppntn OT not. Wit tame to-the vote, be should certainly give'
.hittagninst putting the question.
Mr. BROUGII AM agreed'with the Right Hon. Gentleman
-in opinion, but he objected to coming to such a vote, because
`the Sheriff thought the examination of the grand jury essential
to defence. If he were asked whether he thought that to be
-the case or not, he could most conscientiously declare that he
-did not.
Mr. DAWSON maintained that the grand jurymen ought
,to he examined.
Mr. TIERNEY thought that when they came to any.of the .
jurymen who declined answering, that would be the time for
-the discussion, as to the power and right of the House to en-
-force the questions.
Mr. Secretary Ciorstwo and Mr. TrcnNEY explained.
Mr. KEIT Li DOUGLAS fetid, that rather than suffer the
propond examination to go on; it would be better to move.
- that the Chairman report progress, and obtain leave to sit
again that day six weeks.
Sir J. MALI wrom was of opinion that they must either
wait until a case arose where a juryman refused to answer, or
come at once to a vote, declaratory, not of the right of the.
House, but of the expediency of declining further investiga-
tion into that branch of the subject. If so, he should vote
against it, for the reasons stated by his Hon. and Learned
Friend (Mr. Brougham). It would be a great injustice to the
parties who claimed it as a means of defence.
Sir 4;. HILL expressed his conviction that it would be very
much for the interest anti advantage of the country, if the in-
• quiry were to stop where it was. He thought the conduct of
the grand jury could have no bearing upon the real question
before the House.
Mr. PLUNKETT said he objected to the question not be-
cause he thought it important in itself, but in order that the
.• Committee might decide upon the abstract-question of the right
of the House to ask questions of a grand juryman upon mat-
ters that he had sworn to keep secret, and whether the exercise
of that right was proper and expedient. They must either de-
tide upon putting such questions, or else, in justice to the
grand Jury, they must expunge from their minutes all that had
passed upon that part of the subject.
Mr. It. SM r H considered that there were not weighty con-
siderations enough to call upon the :house to exercise such a
power in the present case. lie should therefore move a Iteso-
lutioril " That under all the circumstances of this case, it is
the, opinion of the Committee that it is not expedient to pro-
ceed with an inquiry into any thing that passed before the grand
jury:"
Colonel BARRY said he would agree to the resolution, pro-
sided it were understood that nothing should be expunged from
the minutes, He was contented to rest the case of the grand
•
jury upon the evidence as it stood.
Mr.- Secretary PEEL suggested that they should go 'on with
evidence upon other points, and not fetter themselves with any
decision of this nature, until they knew better what might be
necessary to the inquiry.
Mr. BROUGHAM thought this the very best practical way
of getting out of the difficulty.
Colonel BARUY then proceeded with his witnesses.
John Davis called anti examined.—l know a person of the
name of Hone. 1 recollect some days, probably three or four,
before the striking of the January grand jury, Mr. Hone re-
quested the sheriff to put him on the pannel; the sheriff ob-
jected because he was considered a man of strong party feel-
ings. Understands by a high piyty man, a high ascendancy
man. Knew nothing of is subscription for dressing the statue.
e
The witness then withdrew.
William Carpenter called and examined by Colonel BARRY.
Knows Mr. Poole ; a few days before the Commission, heard
a conversation between him anch Mr. Sheriff Thorpe, Mr.
Poole wished to be put on the pannel, and the sheriff said he
was astonished-he could not, as the panne" was made out he-
tween his brother sheriff and himself. Mr. Poole said, if he
were put on; he would not meddle with the business of the riot
at the theatre. There was a case coming on, in which be' was
interested, and the sheriff refused for that reason.
By Mr. S. RICE—I belong to an Orange association, and
did at the time 1 was put on the pannel.
By Mr. R. SMITII—When this conversation passed, there
was only myself, Mr. Poole, and,Sheriff Thorpe, present. It
took place in the sheriff's box. I was between Poole and the
sheriff; and they spoke across me. Witness had only a general
acquaintance with Poole. Had known such applications made
to sheriffs before ; had himself applied to Sheriff White to have
a friend put on the panne', which was done.
By Mr. HUME—Q. Does the wittiest take 'an oath as an
Orangeman ?—A. I do.
Q. Has he any objection to state the nature of it ?—I reeol-
lect that the principle is to support the King and Constitution.
Q. Is there any thing else ?—A. I do not recollect.
Q. Could you not support the King and Constitution without
the oath ?
The witness was here ordered to withdraw.

Some Conversation passed as to the propriety of putting these
questions after which the witness was recalled, and the mi..
Inination proceeded.
Mr. HUME said, it was extraordinary the witness did not
know what the oath was.—(A cry of 44 Read.")
[The..answer_sttthis witness. Short,hand
to support the King and Constitution.]
. The witness was called in again.
Examined by Mr. HtrAtE.—lle had not attended an Orange
Lodge ditring five months, before lie sat on the itry.
Examined by Sir JAMES MACK INTOSII.—Does -the oaths
you take as a Member of the Orange Association, bind you to
keep an thing, and what secret ?—lt does.
Q. What does it bind you to keep secret There are
signs hy which Orangemen know each other.
Q. Does it bind you to keep secret any thing but the signs by
which Orangemen know each other P—A. I believe it does not,
I cannot speak positively.
Examined by Mr. JONES.—Ife knew Sheriff Thorpe; was
not in the habit of visiting him ; he did nut know the Sheriff'
knew he was an Orangeman.
Q. What reason bad he for not knowing you were an Orange-
'man P.—A. He did not know by any signs of mine that I was
an Orangeman.
Q. Did you keep it secret P—A. Tolerably so.
Examined by Sir J. MACKINTOSH—Q. Does the oath you
take hind you to be faithful to all Orangemen P—A. Yes.
Q. Does the oath contain words to that effect P—A. I do not
recollect. _

Doesit contain words of that meaning ?—A . 'believe it does.
. Does the oath call upon you to say I will be faithful and
true to my Roman Catholic brethren ?—A I believe it does.
Q. Does he not recollect Saying that the words applied to
Orangemen and Roman Catholics were nearly the same ?
A. The word Roman Catholic is in the oath._

Q. Will you aay, the words Roman Catholic rotas to be un-'
derstood in the same friendly wit, as it was appl led to Orangemen ?
Mr. DAWSON moved the witness should withdraw.
•
Lord MILTON seconded the motion.
Mr. SCARLETT observed that it was irregular to cheer a
witness.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, on the trial of an Illustrious Per-
'son, the cheering front the Right Reverend Bench was most
digusting. He said this in extenuation of the improper cheer-
ing in that House.—(A laugh.)
The ATTORNEY-GENERA I, said, the cheering to which
the Hon. and Learned Gentleman alluded, did not originate
on the side of the House mentioned by that Hon. and Learned
Gentiman.

The evidence of the witness was then read by Mr. (JIMMY.
B.IIICE said, in asking the witness whether he was en
Orangeman, he did not infer that the integrity of an Orange-
man was doubtful, but, where his prejudice in that respect wan
connected with the subject on , which he was examined, he
thought the question was justified.
The witness was called in.—He knew some of his brother
Orangemen, and of the fourteen Common Councilmen, one
oily served on the Jury; that was Mr. Cusack; there were
0o others to his knowledge t he did not know 'Joseph Lamprey
was itTw Orangeman ; he had now beard that Samuel Lamprey
Was an Orangeman ; one of them `he had reason to believe
was an Orangeman ; Graham was not an Orangeman to his
knowledge ; S. Warren was not, an Orangeman to his know."
ledge; he did not know Luke Connor to be an Orangeman ;
he believed Connor was a Protestant ascendancy man. lie
heard " the Glorious Ascendancy" given by a Member of that
House. He was at Mr. SierrifFThorpe's dinner. " The Olo-
rious Ascendancy" was given in the usual way.
Q. What was the usual way ?-.'A. The immortal memory
of the good King William ; Mr. Holmes was not an Orange-
man nor a Protestant ascendancy man ; Mr. A. Perrin was an
Orangeman. _ _ _

Extnined by Sir G. H.trA—Tbere was nothing taken in the
oath of an Orangeman that was not made public.
Mr. 11 um E asked if ariy.nioney was subscribed to the Orange
Institution ?—(A laugh.)--There was.
The Hon. Mr. SMITH.—Da you think any saving could be
made in the appropriation of then fund !—( Laughter.)
Examined by Sir J. NEwpoirr.—Sheriff Thorpe pledged
himself to support a particular party in the Comm.= Council.
Q. What party did he mean ?_A. That party which is called
thi Glorious Memory Men.
Ile was asked by Mr. GRATTAN whether any pecuniary as.
sistance from the Orange Lodge was given to support the
Traversers ?—He answered—Not to my knowledge. He was
never applied to for subscription. He did not know that he
was a purple man. Mr. Stoker was the Master of his Lodge;
Poole was a conciliation man. lie had been an Orange man
three years. A. protestant ascendancy man was one who drank
the glorious memory.
The. House then resumed, and the Committee was ordered to
lit again this day,
The other Orders'of the Day were disposed of, and the House
,JadjournA at Oliz O'CLocx.

EXPRESS . FROM PAR IS:

We have received, by Express, the Paris
Papers of yesterday and Wednesday.
The report of the engagement between BAL.
LASTEROS and the French division under General
MoLyron, is alluded to in private letters from
Bayonne, and in the Journals of that town,
though the official bulletins are quite silent on
the subject. It is not a little remarkable, that
since the Stith of April, the day on which C
MOLITOR entered Saragossa, no intelligence hits
been received from that officer.

According to the Journal dos Debats, the
head quarters of the Duke d'ANiaouLEatE
were, on the sth, at Miranda ; and as the
Portuguese General, REGO, had previously pe-
netrated to the same place, in pursuit of AMA-
RANTE, the French and Portuguese Armies
must be in contact. The Journal des D4bals
seems to anticipate that they will come to
blows, which, indeed, can hardly be avoided.
The manner in which that Paper, however,

attempts to shew that France and Portugal would
not be committed by an action between their re-
spective armies, is extremely fallacious.
According to letters from Perpignan of the
30th ult., we cannot long he without news of a
serious engagement between MINA. and the troops
under Marshal MoNcry. It is said by the
Quotidienne that MINA had retired before the
French without offering auy resistance, and had
abandoned Vich and Olot; but the Pilote throws
discredit upon these statements.

From the Journal des 44ats of Tlnu•sday (yesterday.)
NEWS FROM THE ARMY OF SPAIN.

PANCORJSO, MAY (I.—The head-quarters were yesterday at
Miranda. The population of the neighbourhood for several
miles around flocked thither, and expressed their satisfaction
at the sight of his Royal Highness the Duke d'Awnou LEME.
PARIS, MAY B.—A traveller recently arrived at Vittoria
from Seville, met on the whole road only a hundred or two of
cavalry, and a few small bodies of infantry badly armed. The
garrison of Seville consists only of 2,500 miserable militia.—
The town is, very populous, and extremely Royalist in sen-
timent.

A letter from Vittoria announces that General Don Philip
de Fleyres has just-been appointed Captain-General of Arra-
gon. He will proceed instantly to his destination, and after
joining the French Army will make his entry into Saragossa,
accompanied by his Aide-de-Camp Don Castellis.
( From the iltmtitrur.)
ARMY OF THE PYRENEES.

Head-quarters, Vittoria, May 2.
•
The Army will break 'up on the sth of May, and march oh
Madrid.

The Grand Head-quarters and the Corps of lleservewill pro-
ceed by Burgos, Aranda, Buitrago; and Alcovendas ; the Corps
d'Armie, commanded by Marshal the Duke de Reggio, by
Palencia, Valladolid, Segovia, Guadarama, and Galopayar ;
the Corps d'Arrnee, commanded by Gen. Obert, by Tudela,
Taragona, grida, Almazan, Paredes, Jadraque, Guadalaxara,
and Alcala ;—the Corps d'Arm4e, commanded by General
Molitor, remains on the Ebro, to act in concert with the 4th
corps;—the Corps d'Armie commanded by General Bourg,
whose head-quarters will he at Burgos, Is appointed to keep
up the communication between St. Antler° and Madrid ;—the
Corps d'Armle commanded by Prince Hohenlohe will continue
the 'blockade of San Sebastian and Pampeluna, and maintain
the communication between Irnn and Brivesca.

FOURTH CORPS, OR ARMY OF CATALONIA.
head Quarters, Peralada, April 29.

The enemy continued to occupy yesterday his positions of
Rezalu and Tortella. He will be attacked in them as soon as
the decrease of the Fluvia will permit us to act on both banks.
General Donnadieu was to arrive yesterday at Campredon.--.
Ilia appearance on the flanks and rear of the enemy will not
long be delayed.

General de la Roche.Aymon observes the road of Gerona.—
The inhabitants of that place have sent a deputation to him, in
order to hasten the entry of the French troops. The Political
Chief and General Bianco, at the head of from 300 to 400
militia, quitted Gerona yesterday in great haste, and took the
route to Barcelona.

(From Me Quolhiienne of Wednesday.)

Army received letters from Catalonia, which state that the
A.rmy -riTtlira it ill, aexperate cuttuitwir. a Mil. tient-rat 085
quitted the position of Vich, and it is thought that he intends
,wring to Tommie, in order that he may be able to pass the
Ebro before the operations of the corps of Marshal 3loncey
Anil have entirely cut off his communications with General
liallasteros.

News from Perpignan confirms the retreat of Mina. On the
advance of two divisions of the 4th corps the enemy quitted
Olot, Campredon, and all the villages near the frontiers, and
retired on Bezalu, with the intention of taking up a position
there ; but the approach of the French made them retire ; and
our troops have entered Vich, Gerona, and Olot, where they
were received with joy and enthusiasm amid cries of " Vive
le Roi !"

[From the Pitote qf Thursday.]

The Quotidiew deceives itself, or wishes to deceive others,
when it says that it has received letters front Catalonia, com-
municating the details which we read in its columns yesterday.
We will tell the Quotidienne, if it pleases, in what street, or
rather on what quay its correspondence is manufactured.
[Front the Etoile of Thursday.]

Calatrava is decisively one of the new Ministry formed by
the King at Seville.

VITTORIA, APRIL 20.—Segovia has been evacuated by the
Constitutional troops, which opens to us the road to Madrid.
[From the Journal des Dads of Wednesday.]

We think It necessary to remark that some Journals, in
mentioning that the Count of Amarante has just effected a
junction with the French Army, have made an incorrect report.
It is known that the Duke d'Angouleme positively declined the
co-operation of the Portuguese General, because France was not
at war with Portugal. An Aide-de-Camp of Count of Amarante
having arrived at Burgos to make propositions to the Duke de
Reggio, the Marshal refused to listen to him, and even to see
him, for the reason assigned by the Duke d'Angouleme. Truly
we cannot carry our good faith further. But should the Count
of Amarante now join the Spanish Royalists, we have no right
to prevent him; and should General Rego, who pursues the
Count, present himself before our soldiers in the enemy's ranks,
most certainly he will be driven back. But all this does„ not
involve us with Portugal, any more than we are Involved with
England because Sir Robert Wilson is going to fight in the
armies of the Spanish Cortes, and perhaps may be killed by a
French ball.

(Front the Constitntionnel elVednerday. )
[Extract from our ,Private Correspondence.]

BAYONNE, MAY I.—Though very near the Array, we re.
ceive but little news, and it would appear that for some days
past matters are at a stand still.

St. Sebastian and Pampeluna are still invested, which how-
ever does not prevent those two places from receiving every ne.
cessary supply. The Official Bulletin announces that the
citadel of Jaca had been occupied by the troops of the Faith,
but it is silent as to the manner in which the possession
was obtained. This fortress was given up by the Com.
mandant, and with the exception of a few soldiers who sur-
rendered with him, the Garrison retired, and has gone to join
by cross roads the Army of Ballasteros.
They still speak of the engagement which was said to have
taken place in the plain of Rincou, near Tudela and Cala.
horra, between Generals Ballasteros and Molitor; but the
official Bulletins continue silent respecting this event.

Several reports announce to us that our Army has just sem
Lta its rear the first Guerillas; who have, it is reported, carried

off a waggon laden with military, effects, in the nDighbou rho a
•
of Salinas.
FO.ENCII FUNDS.—MAY 7.
French Rentes, Money, Opened at
Highest
Lowest B7 f. 30 c.
Closed at B7 f. 50 c.
Account, Opened at
Highest
Lowest O7 f. 40 c.
Closed at B7 f. 70 c.
Neapolitan, for Account, Highest- 76
Lowest
Spanish Highest
Lowest

The fotlowng are extracts from Bayonne Pa
pers, received this morning :--

BAYONNE, MAY I.—The Gard du Corps left us yester-
day, and it appears that there eagerness for war has
been rather diminished since they have learnt a little
about the country where it is to be carried on. We now see
every day persons who come from the army, and who can
give us a true account of what is passing there. It cannot be
denied that we advance. But this can hardly be called a
conquest, where there is no enemy to vanquish; since he
seems to fly before us, as if it is his intention to draw the
army to the ground which he has chosen to fight upon.—
This makes the soldiers march with the greatest precaution,
expecting every moment to be -attacked. Meantime the Prince
does not seem tobe so convinced as he was at first, of the feel-
iity of a conquest by the assistance of the population, which
gives him no succour.

The Army of the Fsith has not increased as it was expected
to, nor have the Constitutional troops deserted their colours..-L
The heavy artillery is not yet brought up before St. Sebastian
and Pampeluna.
We are assured that the troops that were at Jaca have joined
Ballasteros, who has had a pretty smart action on the Ebro,
with the rear-guard of General Molitor.
We have just received certain news that the Portuguese Ge-
neral, Rego, has entered Spain, with 6,000 infantry and 2,400
cavalry.
