DOUSE OF COMMONS.

Sir E. 11A RVEY presented a petition from 13ekenford, in
Essex, praying for increased facility in the 'recovery of small
debts.

Sir F. BLAKE presented » petition agnimit negro.slavery,
from Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Mr 111 3,CIiytIURNE prescamted a petition from Bolton, in
Lancashire, for an eltertinn in the't!orti L.
Mr.' 111/Tepralt INingSON presentaed a petition for leaveaWs
to amend
the act for repairing the road between halmallock and Charle-
viikt.
Sir .1011 N NENITrowr moved for conks of till cornhinni-
cations between the Courts of Low nod bquity in Ireland, the
lied) Ouverumentond time Commissioners for time. questions of
law and revenue, rtlittivt: to propositions for improvement in
die maintgeimment of the airairs

SIERRA 'LEONE... • •
• Dlr.. H tIME begged to ask thu llnn. Secretary for the Colo..
flies, wiutt.had been,tiotwhy the Commissioners sent out to
Sierra Leone ; and whether any report upon the subjeet WWI in
a train to he laid before the Eloutie-P • • '
Mi. WILMOT HORTON said that all lutd been done
which was possible .within, the ,time. , The Commissioners bad
been carefully selected, and directed to collect information of
any and every description, relative to the affairs of the colony.
But the cianatissioners had not soiled until the middle of lust
Novtmaxr, •

Mr. 11111VE1r. wished to hriow'letheia would be any objection
to laying the dispatch►s received from General Turner before
do r House?, if there was Any ftiliieuity, tw would native for
them specifically.
Mr: W. HORTON said, fliat without time for consldera,
tion, he could not consent.- Perhaps the floff Member had
better make u formal motion.
CAPE OF 0001) HOPE.

Mr. HUME was auxious to ask another question, too, upon
a subject of great public interest—,nainely, ea to what was doing
of late at' the Cape of Good Hope. it was three years since 14
counnioioll had been sent out, in conseqUenee of repeated cum.
plant!, to inquire Into the state of that colony ; and, its ha as
be recollected, no report
_from those CommisitiOners had ever
been given to the country.. He wished to, Ittitiw. whether any
,reports Bail been receive, and when they would be laid upon
the' ablo ?
Mr. W. 11011. TON said that no doubt many reports had
(teen received ; but, after the intimations which had'been lately
Oven Upon the subject of the. t %ipe,--(llere the Lion. Gent.
spoke in so low a tone of video that it was almost impossible.to
catch I) words in. the gallay)--it had been thought that it
Irsight be inconvenient to 1.1% those reports before the House.
r. HIP4IE said that the commission to which be allutb

lest&beett ordered hstbre any proceedings against any Noble
Lord, to whom the Hon. Secretary referred, had heen intimat-
ed. it they were of a distinct character, and unconnected
with those proceedings, he thought. they ought to be given to
the Ihmie.
Islle. WILMOT HORTON replied, that the CollirtlitNiOnell
in queeiden had been tient' to the Cape of Good Hope for the
wpm of inquiring into the institutions ot that Colony, and
,auggesting alterations or ititprovemonts. .Now them". nem,
her would be aware., that their regniar duties had been impeded
by the necessity of hearing and examining into individual com-
plainta. For this renson no report upon the general slate of the
.Colony had as yet been received front theta.
