BRUSSELS AND BRAZIL PAPERS.

BaussELs,MAy 2.—General 13,11i,ird gave yesterday a
grant dinner in honour of the Pie of the King of the
French. Lord Ponsonhy, the President, and many Mem-
bers of the Congress, the Ministers, the General•in-Chief
of the Civic Guards, as well as the Authorities of the
city and province were present. The following three
toasts were proposed

.
By Lord Ponsonby—" The King of the French."
By the Minister for Foreign Affairs—" The Royal
Fonily of France."

By General Belliard—" The Regent, Belgium, its in-
dependence, its prosperity, its happiness."
The Emancipation says—" We regret to have to speak
to the public of ourselves. We do so, however, because
what we have to say is connected with an important and
generally interesting question. We have been repeatedly
warned within these three days that a plot was brewing
against our press and offices, which plot is represented to
us, as the people obeying their anger, and reduced to
the misfortune of doing justice to themselves.' We are
not told for what. Our language may have displeased a
party tired of our frankness. Whether they endeavour
by menaces to obtain our silence, or really think seriously
of executing their threats, no matter. Unalterable in our
conviction, we shall not be silent at any price, or in fear
of any danger."
Rio DE JANZIRO, FEB. 17.—The American ship
Talma, arrived on the 12th inst., having on braid E. A.
Brown, Esq., Charge d'Affaires of the United States of
America at this Court. This gentleman has lattly filled
the honourable situation of Governor of the State of Ohio
and Senator in Congress.

It appears not yet to be the policy of the Governments of
his Inperial Majesty and of the United States to exchange
Ministers Plenipotentiary, but the Government of the
United States has certainly complimented that of his Im-
perial Majesty, by sending a gentleman who has held (with
the exception of the Presidency and Vice-Presidency) the
must distinguished stations within the gift of the American
people.

EXCHANGE.
Spanish pillar Dollars Its. 2 21,0.
Spanish Doubloons 36,000 a 36,400.
Dills in London 2u 12 a 90 D. S.
Silver Coin 133 a 134 per cent.
800 rein 100 Cents. or 6234 d, sterling at par.

GENERAL ELECTION.

B U CKIN G HAM SHIRE.

This election, which commt need yesterday, has
thrown the freeholders of the county generally, and
the inhabitants of Aylesbury in particular, into a
fever of excitement. It is not at all extraordina'y
that such should be the case, when the importance
of the crisis, and the great magnitude of the ques-
tion at issue, are considered. Besides, it must be
borne in mind that 13 years have elapsed since a
contested election occurred in this town.
The last contest for the county of Bucks occurred
47 years ago, between Lord Grenville, Sir J. Au-
brey, and Lord Verney : the two former were re-
turned.
Yesterday the scene was gay and animated, and
presentedanerg, m
tuh:ic,great
clamour, usual a ceonzu
ran:
nd a ents of
electioos—
bngreat
At eleven o'clock, the High Shurdr, H. A. Uth-
%%au, Esq., proceeded to the Court-house, acccm-
pauied by the candidates, and a peat number of the
gentry and freeholders of the county. Mer the
usual formalities,
The Murqu's of Chandos was put in nomna•ion,
and seconded by J. D. King, and C. Chester, Esqrs.
Mr. J. Smith was proposed by Mr. Watts, of
Hanslope, and supported by Lord Nugent; and Mr.
Pascoe Grenfell was nomina.ed by 'Maurice Swabey,
Esq., and seconded by Mr. Wing, of Aylesbury.
Mr. TIPPER, of Horton, put three questions to
Lord Chandos—Whether it was true, that at the
last election he had employed 800 stavesmen to ter-
rify the freeholders, and preveat their attendance ?
—What was his plan of Reform ?—And whether he
was friendly to the abolition of negro-slavery ?
The Marquis of CHANDOS denied having em-
ployed stavesmen, as stated, at the last election.—
He professed himself a friend to moderate and Con-
stitutional Reform.—(A freeholder, " Aye, but
where is your plan of Reform ? we should like to
know it.") He would not be put down by popular
clamour, he would follow the dictates of his con-
science, and, as an honest Englishman, endeavour
to promote the good of his cowry. He was for
extending the elective franchise, giving representa-
tives to large and populous places, and disfranchising
every borough that should be proved to be corrupt.
He approved of many points in the Reform Bill,
and had no doubt, that on the re-assembling of Par-
liament, a Bill might be framed such as would meet
the approbation of Constitutional Reformers, of
whom he was one. A violent clamour had been
raised against him on the subject of the slave ques-
tion, but most ungroundedly, for he told the elec-
tors, as an honest man, that he was for the abolition
of slavery. He asserted that the charge adduced
against him of being a friend to slavery was unjust,
false, and diabolical. He was equally disposed to
do his duty both by blacks and whites. After
speaking in terms of the highest respect of the two
Hon. Gentlemen who were his fellow-candidates for

the honour of representing the county in Parlia-
ment, the Noble Lord expressed his determination
to go through the poll in perfect good humour, and
he hoped and trusted just►ce would be done to all
parties.
Mr. J. SMITE{ appeared before the electors as a
candidate for their suffrages, with a view to the ho-
nour of representing that county in Parliament.
About ten days ago he was preparing to proceed to
the city of Chichester, which he had represented in
the last Parliament, when he received a great num-
ber of requisitions, signed by some of the first per-
sons of thL county and by a considerable number of
freeholders, calling upon him to become a candidate
for Buckinghamshire. The ground of those requi-
sitions was, that the parties thought he was what he
always asserted himself to be—the friend of civil
and religious liberty, and of Reform in Parliament.
He had for many years of his life looked forward
vtith anxiety to the moment when a real and effec-
tive Reform of Parliament should take place, and

no language could describe his delight when he heard
the present plan proposed by Lord John Russell.
That plan abolished and totally extinguished all
those boroughs throughout the kingdom with a very
small number of inhabitants, and with a represen•
Cation (in many instances, but not in all) relative to
which there was the same sort of traffic as took place
in the market of that town in beasts, corn, and other
commodities. He was one of those who brlieved
that although Reform could not he expected to rt-
move all at once the evils that afflicted us, yet that
the beneficial effect of the Bill would speedily be
experienced by every man in the British dominions.
Mr. PASCOE GRENFELL, after thanking his two
friends who had proposed and seconded him, stated
that his notions and construction on the subject of
Parliamentary Reform were all comprised in the Bill
of Lord John Russell. He expressed his adherence
to it because of the destruction, annihilation, and
disfranchisement of sixty rotten boroughs, and the
diminution of representatives in certain other
boroughs, which it might not be amiss to call half
rotten. That was one of the great features and main
principles of the Bill,—would the Noble Lord vote
against that part ? Was he prepared to support it ?
Another important part of the measure consisted in
the extension of the elective franchise to 500,000 in-
dividuals at present destitute of the privilege. Those
were the great features of this healing and compre-
hensive measure. It was unnecessary to go into the
details. He would state some facts of the rotten
borough system, in order to show how it worked.—
A rotten borough was a description of proper y
which the possessor could dispose of in precisely the
same maiiner as any otter species of property, and
send whom he pleased into the British House of
Commons as Member for it. This was equally con-
trary to the spirit of the Constitution and injurious
to the interests of the people. Boroughs were made
available in two ways,—first, seats in Parliament
were sometimes sold for 3,000/. or 5,0001. ; or,
secondly, they were used as means to obtain
peerages for rich commoners. The system was a
foul stain and blot on the Constitution,and the sooner
it was got rid of the better. There was one
other subject on which he could not avoid saying a
few words. He had come forward certainly in a
very different way from candidates generally. He
had determined, and should not swerve from the
resolution, neither to encumber himself nor ruin his
family by incurring the expense of an election con-
test. Nevertheless, it was his firm determination not

only to proceed to the poll, but to continue on his
own principle to take that poll so long as it should
be the pleasure of any one of the persons interested
to keep it open.
The limn SHERIFF having called for a show
of hinds, declared it to he favourable to the Marquis
of Chandos and Mr. John Smith.
Mr. P. GRENF'ELL demanded a poll.
The Sheriff adjourned the meeting till half-past
one o'clock, when polling commenced, and was
briskly continued till half-past six, when the numbers
were declared as follows :

The Marquis of Chancloi - 446
31r. J. Smith _ - 160
Mr. I'. Grenfell - _ 119

ESSEX COUNTY.
The election for this county coremenced at
Chelmsford on Thursday. The two reforming can-
didates are Mr. Western and Mr. Long Wellesley ;
and opposed to them is Colonel Tyrell, who sat for
the county in the lately-defunct Parliament. About
half-past ten o'clock Colonel Tyrell, accompanied by
his friends, arrived on horsebAck, and took his place
on the hosting, amidst loud hisses from the assem-
bled multitude. Mr. Western, with a long caval-
cade of his supporters, followed soon after, and was
welcomed with very general applause. Sir Felix
Agar, the representative of Mr. Wellesley, during
his absence in Cornwall, accompanied by Mr. Wel-
leslev's eldest son, and a numerous train of his
friends, then approached, and. was greeted with long-
continued shouts of approbation.
ThetiF :tuvil
ip,srrevilimrinacrxehafvolzabred and proposeden gone through
Sir
Charles Collis Western as a fit and proper person
to represent the county of Essex in the ensuing
Parliament.
Mr. DLsNEY seconded the nomination.
Mr. WESTERN came forward amidst vary general

I

applause, and addretised the electors. He should at
once advert to the great and important point which
his Majesty had tendered to them for their decision,
—he meant the Bill of Reform which had been
brought forward by his Majes'y's Ministers.—(Hear,
hear.) He had been the long-tried frend of Parlia-
mentary Reform, and he had proved himself the
devoted friend and supporter of this particular Bill.
—(Loud and general cheers.) It war, upon that
ground that he now asked for their suffrages. The
question which they had to decide now was whether
they would have " the Bill, the whole Bill, and
nothing but the Bill."—(Loud cheers, and cries of
"No moderate Reform," No boroughmongers,"
&c.) The Reformers throtwhout the country had
now got what they had long wanted—a centre, and
a point of union, and ler them not, by the slighest
division amongst themselves, swerve from the great
standard which had been furnished to them in the
measure introdiicA by his Majesty's Government.
That measure had bt en hailed by almost the unani-
mous appsobation of rite entire population of the
country, and to that measure they should steadily
a lhero.—(Cheers.) if they confided in his Ma-
jr•sty's present Government, sod he was sure they
did—(Cheers)—let them support that great mea-
sure which had been introduced by them, and let
them respond, as became them, to the appeal made
to them by their gracious and magnanimous Mo-
narch.—(Applause.) In conclusion, the Hon. Gen-
tleman called upon them for three cheers for the
King, which were loudly and enthus'astically given
by the immeroe multitude assembled in from of the
hustings,
Mr. IlttAmsToN, on his rising to propose Colonel
Tyre!' as a tit person to represent the county of
Essex in Parliament, was received with hisses,
mixed with cheers from Colonel Tyrell's party. He
proposed him on public grounds, as a tit object for
their choice. He had proved himself in the House
of Commons an able speaker, and a useful repre-
sentative.—(Groans and his4es.)
Mr. H. SMITH seconded his nomination.

Colonel TYRELL proceeded to address the elec-
tors amidst considerable noise and confusion. He
had this charge to prefer against his Majesty's pre-
sent Ministers, that when they had it in their power
to pass a measure of Reform, which would not only
satisfy those who ditTered from him (Col. Tyrell)
on the subject, but which would have satisfied all
reasonable, honourable, and just men in society, they
had thought fit to throw this Bill like a firebrand
amongst the people of this country.—(Groans and
hisses, and cries of " Nonsense.") He accused them.
of preferring a paltry political triumph to the pass-
ing of a measure %% hich would have satisfied all the
various interests of the country. He (Colonel
Tyrell) was opposed to the present Reform Bill
upon this amongst other grounds—that it was cal-
culated to injure the agricultural interests, to which
he had always been a sincere and devoted friend.
The lower classes were led away by the delusion
that this Bill would operate to their good, and would
afford them cheaper food and batter living; but he
would &try that it would be followed by any such
effects. He professed himself an advocate for the
disfranchisement of those Corporations and of
those close boroughs which had been notoriously
bought and sold, but he would not go so
far as.the Bill did, a,:d consent to disfranchise
those Corporations and those close boroughs
against which no charge whatever bad been brought.
People talked of the buroughmongers. Why, the
greatest boroughmonger in the House was Daniel
O'Connell, and it was delightful to witness the co‘
quetry there between him and the Hon. Gentleman
now present (Mr. Harvey). By the measure which
they had brought forward, the Whig Administra-
tion had called to their aid all the mock loyalty in
the country.—(Great hissing.) Those persons who
had been all their lives endeavouring to make the
poor dissatisfied with their lot, now turned round,
and accused their opponents of sedition and dis.-
loyalty. In conclu,ion, he thanked them for the
hearing which they had affirded to him.
Sir FELIX AGAR rose to propose Mr. Long I,Vel‘
lesley, the friend of the people, the friend of the
Cons itution, and its true supporter. It was on
these grounds that he had proposed him at the last
elec:ion,—it was upon the same grounds that he
now proposed him as a fit person to represent thls
county in Parliament. In conclusion, the Hon. 1.34'
ronet celled upon the electors to vote for the mall
who would support the Bill, the whole Bill, and
nothing but the Bill.—( Cheers.)
The Rev. Mr. GEE seconded the nomination.

Mr. HARVEY being generally called upon, pro-
ceeded to address the electors. He was anxious to
be present on this occa.ion, lest his absence should
be construed into any want of attachment to the
cause, in reference to the honourable individual villa
had been just proposed fur the choice of the electors.
The Hon. Gentleman then proceeded at some length
to answer the speech of Colonel Tyrell. The gallant
Colonel, he said, had mixed him up with the great
Irish ag tator, and had endeavoured to excite a rell-
giou, feeling, by nsinuating, thar in the event of ths
Reform Bill passing, the House of Commons would
be fined with Ca.holic Members from Ireland. But
if the people chose Catholics or infidels, the thing
could not be helped; neither he (Mr. Harvey) nor
the Gallant Colonel could prevent it ; for it was for
the people to do as they thought fir.—(Cheer.)
H.tb.erto that town and that county had been die'
tinguished for loyalty ; but now the Tories and the
fox-hunters of Essex had come forward in a factious
opposition to their Sovereign. The speech which
they had that day heard from the Gallant Colonel
had been alreedy made three times,--namely, at
Rumford, Braintree, and Colchester ; and they had
this day been furri'shed with a fourth edition of It'
The Gallant Colonel had objected to the Refortn
Bill as being injurious to the agricultural interest'
Now he (Mr. Harvey) thought that the Bill, if It
did any thing, went too far to protect the agricul'
tural interest. It was not alone that none of the
present county Members would be disturbed by the
Bill, but their number would be greatly increased'
They now had a measure based upon the principle
of overthrowing the aristocratic oligarchy of tlo?s
country, and he trusted that they would give it the
unanimous support. It was said that there was a
coalition between Mr. Wellesley and Mr. Western'
He (Mr. Harvey) hoped that there would be one'
—(Cheers.) He was glad to see the names of Wo.ii
lesley and Western placed together on every well
from one end of the county to the other,—frofts.,
Harwich to Stratford, near London.—(Applause'
There was no doubt of the success of the Reboil
candidat es.—(Cheers.)
A show of hands being then had, an immense,
majority was held up in favour of Mr. Western and
Nlr. Wellesley, and an exceedingly small proportion
in favour of Colonel Tyrell.
The HIGH SHERIFF declared that the show Of
hands was in favour of Messrs. Western and -Wel'
lesley.—(Loud cheers.)
Colonel TYRELL then demanded a poll, to which
they immediately proceeded.
The polling continued with unabated activity up
to seven o'clock, when it closed. The number's
then stood as follow :

Western - - - - - 424
Wellesley - - - - 416
The Court was then adjourned until ten o'eloci‘'
to-morrow (this) morning.

C 0 L CHESTER, MAr 5.
The result of this contest affords another triunWb
for the friends of Reform, as, up to the present ollcr
ment, for the last century, the corporation of thi,9
town have hitherto had the power to return their
own nominee to the House of Commons. The rs'
stilt also will have a most important effect on the
contest for the representation of the county; in fad,
if the Anti-Reformer Sanderson had been triumphal°
here, it would have almost been decisive of the
success of Colonel Tyrell for the county, who come,
forward supported by the same interests. The poll
closed at twelve o'clock as follows :

Harvey -
Mayhew
Saunderson

- . 616
599
523 _,

PFIJ
......
IKTBD m AND Punom) BY MURDO YOUNG. AT 'o'
SITN °MCI, 112, brithsn, Immoiv.

-u

li

rREEHI

Co nmod'ou

Son-in-L

(I
At Garraw•a

an

With a Von
CCM
Sit

In the (wet

The Liou,e i
sitting room
kitchens in f

at the back,
present, er
required.

To be vie
lays maybe
street; at C
street.

PARE

Contieuous

Residence
Coach-ht
T(

Son-iii-1

At GalT,Mi
THURSDA'

A`'a
coin

8 antly situal

PARk
(Late the r

commandin:
containing,
dressing-roc
sink and w
bed-chambe
chimney-pi(
stairs, and

AN EI
walls lin&
enriched c(
piece, wind,
municating

finished en
cony. On

E/
walls stucec
and ntahogo
lead fl its ; c.
(mutely fit te(
water-clusei
den, laid c,
and an env!
pita! kitchei
lautadry-roo
up with c
plate-closet.
with water.
Frederick's.
tal double c
and lofts ov
To be vi(
and four o'

miees; and
Great Mar
Reid, No.
ing the pro

OVERST
Capital Ma'
and P 3 r 6
stored w

with Fat
Meadow,
t itiong,
the Perp
Rectory

Son-in-L

At Garraw
TH unsna

By dii eotio
A. Nig

Situate wit
comprising
the Glebe 1
Rent Churl
Tithes, as
WITH Ul

In the adjc
nearly

Of excellen
Plantation,
THE M
Placed on
well calculi
having exc
ext•nsive re
and Oiltbu
from the
Drives ; th
with party
greens ; a i
choice Frti

is nearly en
advantage I
nor l idle
ded with fi
ornamen tet
being rend,
wild fowl,
gible Farm
tural-build
speetable tt
estimated a
THREE 1
THE AL

With right
with the it:
The PER:
SENTA

TIIRE
The prep
The DA
ampton an
borough,
viost direct
centre of tl
The M
son, the gal
particulars
ton ; Thre
King's Ile;
Hotel, 13irc
Dunstable:
Windsor;

Gardiner,
Garrawly':
Mr. Reid,
Alansion, a

Dll.
NI
azew.ate rA

Vrietor, al

scorbutic t
disorders o
the ANTI,
Drops. A

attended n

gradual wL
pation, ex(
blished an
GILEAD.
The abc

Cornhill ;
ford-street
33, White'
dere of Pa'
price I Is.
four small
the words
the stamp.
