BUSINESS OF THE. HOUSE

On Lord JOHN RUSSELL moving that the Order
of the Day be read for taking into consideration the Lords'
amendments to the Lower Canada Government Bill,
Colonel T. WOOD said that in the notice paper yes-
terday it was stated that the County and District Consta-
bles Bill, and the Bastardy Bill would be taken into con-
sideration at twelve o'clock. He had, therefore, of
course, concluded that the other Orders of the Day
would not be taken till the usual hour, but to his
great surprise he found that the Metropolis Police
Courts Bill was disposed of, to which he had very
great objections, and which he would have come down to
oppose had he thought it would have been brought on. If
it was the rule of the House that any Order of the Day
could be taken at twelve o'clock, of course no complaint
could be made.
The SPEAKER said it was usual to give notice with
respect to Bills that were opposed that they would be taken
at twelve o'clock—(Hear, hear)—and be believed it had
been stated by the Hon. Gentleman the Under-Secretary
(Mr. Fox. Maule), that be had given notice to the Clerk
at the table,' that the Bill to which- the lion. and Gallant
Member had alluded to, would be brought on at twelve
o'clock.

Lord G. SOMERSET was glad the Speaker had stated
what the rule was, and he thought it would only be showing
a little Parliamentary courtesy, if the Government had
declined proceeding with that Bill yesterday, as it was
clear, from what was said by the Hon. Member for Fins-
, bury, there had been some mistake.—( Hear, hear.) The
Clerks were always very accurate, and he could not suppose
there had been any negligence on their part. The Bill in
question, to many of the clauses of which it was known
there would be great opposition, was actually brought on
before the other Bills fixed for twelve o'clock.—( Hear.)
Mr. HUME also complained of the course that had
been adopted by the Government with respect to the Me-
tropolis Police Courts' Bill, because he had given distinct
notice he should oppose it. Another complaint he had to
make against the Government was for bringing up the Re-
port of the Committee of Supply at twelve o'clock, and lie
trusted the House would not sanction a Report of that
nature being brought up at any future morning sittings.
Mr. O'CONNELL regretted that Report had been
brought up yesterday, because there was an item in it relat-
ing to the unfortunate Poles, and he had wished to
have stated the grievous manner in which many of those
unfortunate men were treated by the Paymaster. The pay
of one poor fellow who was insane had been stopped on no
other ground than that he was unable to sign his name.
His friends could not obtain his admission into any Lunatic
Asylum because he was not destitute, being in the receipt
as it was supposed of support from the Government.
Mr. BARING had seen enough of these parties to say
that the House ought to be very careful before they gave
credence to all the statements they might hear from them.
—( Hear, hear, hear.) But if the Hon. and Learned Gen-
tleman would give him the name of the party, lie would in-
quire into it.

- Mr. O'CONNELL handed to the Hon. Gentleman the
documents that had been presented to him.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL, with respect to the subject
that had been mentioned, thought it right to state that
there was one Pole who had been in the receipt of a cer-
tain allowance from the Government, who had taken, and
still continued to take, a very active part in all the Chartist
meetings, was a contributor to the Charter newspaper,
and was taking a part in instigating the people to insur-
rection against the authorities.---( Hear.) When that was
brought to his notice he wrote to the Treasury desiring
that that person's name rnighl:be struck off—(Hear, hear)
and he hoped that all the respectable Poles in this
country would take care to discourage and disavow con-
duct so unbecoming their character.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL believed the Noble Lord alluded
to a person of the name of Benowski, and be was war-
ranted in stating that that person met with the universal
reprobation of the Poles..(Hear, hear.) Ho was be-
lieved to be actuated by mercenary motives and attached
to another Government.

THE REGALIA IN THE TOWER.
Mr. HUME wished to know whether any arrangement
was likely to he made to enable the public to see the Re-
galia in the Tower free of expense. The admission of Gd.
to the Tower was producing to the Governor 3,0001. a•
year. He hoped that for that Gd. the public might have
the privilege of seeing the Regalia also ?
Mr. F. BARING said the question was at present
under the consideration of the Treasury.
In answer to a question by Lord G. SOMERSET,
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said the House would meet
at three o'clock to-morrow.

SLAVERY IN INDIA.
Mr. EWART wished to know what steps had been
taken with regard to slavery in the East Indies; and also
whether there was any foundation for the belief that the
Portuguese were establishing a slave trade in the East as
well as in the West?

Sir J. HOB HO USE said there was a commission now
sitting in India on the subject of slavery, and when their
labours were completed the reports would be sent to Eng-
land. As to the Portuguese slave trade, the Governmcia
of India was doing all that could be done to prevent it, but
the subject was an extremely difficult one.
LOWER CANADA GOVERNMENT BILL.
On the motion of Lord JOHN RUSSELL the Order
of the Day was read for considering the Lord's amendments
to the Lower Canada Government Bill.

Sir C. GREY wished the Under Secretary for the
Colonies to state the nature of the amendments which had
been made. He had already stated that his objection to
the clause regarding taxation was that it seemed to carry
the power of making taxes for local purposes rather furtli,r
than had been recommended by the Government in
Canada, who had specified first some particular purposes,
and added, " for other local improvements." Now, ac..
cording to the known rule of law, the latter general terms
were restricted by the first named local purposes, conse-
quently, it would have been a restriction to such
purposes as the county rates were applicable to
in England. Therefore, by leaving out the specified
purposes, and putting in the words local
improvements generally," it appeared to him that the
power was rendered more extensive than had been recom-
mended by the Government of Canada ; or than it was
desirable to establish. He wished it to be understood that
by refraining from dividing the House against the provision,
he should not be precluded hereafter—whenever it was
seen what these purposes were for which the taxes were
imposed—from giving any apposition he might think pro-
