LONDON MA-likEi'S.

CORN EXCHANGE, .T.ax. 23.
The supply during the last week has been very limitekl, ex.
cept of Oats and Flour, which was large. This morning there
is a tolerably large supply from the adjoining counties. The
Wheat trade for fine samples is tolerably brisk, but for other
sorts there is little demand at the prices of last Monday. Prime
samples of malting Barley obtained a sale ; in other kinds little
doing. Beans sell very heavily at last quotations. Oats are
plentiful, and sales aro made with difficulty, so that lower prices
arc submitted to. The Flour trade remains as last quoted.
AulttvaLs LAST WEEK.—English Wheat, 1,614 ; Bar.
ley, 3,012 ; Alalt, 4,318 ; Oats, 14,291 ; Beans, 388 ;
l'ease, 697; Irish Wheat, -; Oats, 8,43,5 ; Foreign Oats
523; .Barley, 3,923 quarters ; Flour, 7,329 sacks. ,
Wheat, lied (old) ....Ma (18s Beans, Small ( ) 4
new 45s
White (ald) ...58s 74s
(old) 46s 48s
Red (1823) ..... .48s 55s Tick (new) 40s 42s
rime - (old) 42s 44s
Superfine ....62s 84s Harrow (e) 44s 45s
White(1825)...52s 16s (old) 461 489
----. Fine ......... 62s Drank .....
--- Superfine ....65s 68s Oats, Feed 24 dose
274
Rye (new) 36s 40s Fin e ......... 26s 29.
Bat ley 3l. -- Poland .............260 28e
-- Fine (new) 37s 39s ----Fine 08s 30s
----Superfine 4os 42s Potatoe ois 30s Malt
58564, ---------Ftne 30s 31s
--Fine .................. 1354 70* - Scotch 12s 334
Peas Grey (new) 43s 45s Flour (per sack).. 35s 60s
Dlaple (new) 48s 48s -- Seconds Ns 34e
---White (new)....40s 45s - North Counts 48s it/s
--- .Boilers 130 s 56s Bran y.. l2s 131

SINERAL AVERAGE PRICE or eatAlN,nund T}!% RitTRRNI
RECEVE IN THE WICICK 'ENDIO atNG JAN. 14.
Wheat, 119sI. D ; Raley, 365. 7d. ; s, Ns. I Id. ; Rye,
435. Cd.; Beans, 40a. 4d. ; Peas, 445. lid.
The Average Price of Brown or Aluseovado Sugar, computed
Jan. 10, 1826, is 300. 1141. per cwt.

SMITHFIELD MARKET, JAN, 23.
Tit* following is an accurate Report of the numbers and
prises atSmithlield Market this morning:—
CATTLE AT MARKET
Masts 193 Sh .
Calves ... a,
122 I Pigseep
90
To sink the Offal, per stone of 8115.
Hetf 4s Ad to as Ot: "Vlts,l ... at 0.1 10 as Od
Mutton 4s &toas Od I Pock d. Od to tie Oct
Lamb Os (hi to Os Od.
HAY AWI) STRAW, PEE LOAD.
Hay ZS 10 to £4 15 I (loyal. £4 41 to LA 10s
Straw £l HU to £2 04.

-
In reference to the ilatton-garden Police Re-
port, we are authorized to state that Mr. BuT-
TtawonTu has returned the cushions to Mr. Kt N.
TON, of Lamb's Conduit-street.
THE LATE LORD A RTII un
day last, the charger of the deceased young
Nobleman was shot in the Barracks, and buried
behind the Infirnsary.—( York Paper.)
Madame VEITRIS was at the Catholic Meeting
in Dublin last Monday.
A Mr. PELBY, from the New York and Boston
Theatres, is to perform Hamlet at Drury-lane,
On Wednesday.
Mal. St nnosts.—BEnv E GREATHEED, of Guy's
Cliff, on the Avon, recently deceased, was the
early patron of Mrs. Siddons. This unrivalled
daughter of Me/pomcnc, after being the vocal
heroine of her father's provincial company, re-
tired into the family of the Greatheeds, where
her highly-cultivated talents and polished man-
ners, endeared her to the large circle of well
educated persons connected with it. We believe
Mrs. Siddons resumed her theatrical pursuits on
quitting the hospitable roof of Mr. Greatheed,
and burst upon the world by her performances at
Bath, from whence she came to London.

BIRTH.
'The LAtly of John Curwood, Burister-at-inw, of a
6011.

MARRIED.
On the 21st inst., at St. 31ary's, Islington, Mr. Richard
Well, of Watiing-street, Cheapside, and Claress-htee
Pentonville, to Catherine Elizabeth, eldest daughteront opf this
late IV. Wykes, of It. John-street.
•

D 1 ED.
On the 21st inst., at his house at Camberwell, in the fillti
year of his age, Apsleyßatt, Esq. of the firm of Penetts
and Breen, of St. Paul's Clutch-yard and the Falcon glass-
works, Blackfriat s.
On the 19th inst., at the house of his mother, St. Thomas.
street, Southwark, Mr. John Cox, late of Berners-street, Ox-
ford-street.
On the 16th Inst., John Hill, agriculttAal implement-msnu.
facturer, of Oxford.street, Loadon, aged 65.
On the 19th inst., aged 62, Rebekah, wife of James Jacob,
of Deptford-bridge, the only daughter of William Sloman,
03rmerly of the same place.
On Sunday, the 22d inst., at his house in the City.road,
James Carter, Esq., late of Barbican, aged 68.
On the 19th inst., at St. Arvon's, Aloamouthshire, Joseph
Earle, Esq. late of Watling-street, London.
On the 20th inst., in Saekville-strect, Major Wm. t Tins,
Assistant-Adjutant General of Royal Marines.
Yesterday, after an illness of only Waltrip, Mrs. Stitch,
the wife of Bartholomew Striteh, Esq. of Arnold's-paragon,
Francis-street, Wal worth.
On Tuesday, the 17th inst., at his- bans*, Firegote-Ntrte:,
WE
oreester,4in the 71st year of his age, Richard Jones, , ar.
chitect and surveyor. He 'Wait author of the " Builders' vaaa
Mecum," and the father of Mr. Junes, the comedian of Co.
vent-garden Theatre.

'IiU LONDON JOUR.NAPS.
D 4174

Axtracts pont the MorriniPapers, Jan. 23, 1826.

[stows.) POST.]
There will be few questions brought under the
consideration of Parliament in the ensuing Ses.
Oka, more important, or upon which more angry
feelings are likely to be kindled, than that which
relates to the 'condition •of the Negro Slaves in'
our West India Colonies. Yet, if there be any
one stabject which, more than all others, should
be approached with calm and dispassionate views,
it is this. Feeling strongly, as we do the desire
of seeing every practicable measure adopted for
the amelioration of slavery, as well as for its event-
ualextioction, wecannot but deprecate all attempts
to precipitate the steps which it may be in the
contemplation of Government to take,for effecting
that object. We are not sorry to see the opinion
of the country publicly expressed in favour of
the, declared intentions of Ministers. On the con-
trail, there is in that a moral support, which
enables them to proceed with undoubting firm-
nese, as' we are sure they will always do with
prudence and caution. But we deeply 'regret
that exuberance of zeal which, in its effect, can
only retard the gaining of a common object, by
exciting the passions where reason and the higher
sentiments should alone be,consulted. If tavern
speeches are to abound with abuse and the most
outrageous charges against .a large, powerful, and
respectable body of men—and if the Govern-
ment is to be goaded to adopt precipitate and'
violent measures, then we think that the death.
day of our Negro Shivery is far more distant
than we had hoped to see it, and that the delay
is chargeable upon those who think fit to adopt
such a course. Education and a vast change
in the moral condition of the Slaves are impe-
riously demnnded as preliminaries even to en-
tertaining the question of their emancipation.
These things have been provided for by the
(government, backed by an unanimous declara-
tion of the Legislature. It is true that some
unworthy, but, perhaps, not wholly inexcusable,
ieluctance has been evinced by the Colonists to
act in conformity with the recommendations they
have received. The latest accounts, however,
seem to indicate a better spirit ; and we believe
that neither unfounded alarm nor unjust prejudice
will long blind them to the necessity as well as
the advantage of following the course which shall
be prescribed by the Executive. Satisfied with
the disposition and the power of the Government,
we should' say—let public opinion be temperately
expressed, and let no vulgar passions be inflamed
for, the purpose of giving a shew of false strength
to a cause which cannot ba otherwise than strong
in its own goodness—and then leave the work in
the hands of those who have shewn themselves
most competent and most willing to effect its safe
and happy consummation—the Ministers of the
Crown.

[IOOIiNING ttcfAr.u.l
noWeVer inconvenient the existence of the
great cattle market in Smithfield may appear to
many people, the miliaria given against its rein°.
vat by several of the speakers at the late meeting
of the Common Council nppear to us to be satis-
factory nod unanswerable ;---a proof, we thiuk,
how much more wisely the corporate hotly is em-
ployed in regulating the internal affair's of the
city itself, than in instructing, as they are migh-
tily fond of doing, the King and his Ministers
how to govern the, nation. Some of the orators,
we allude to said Upon this occasion—first, that
the' removal of the market to the north of the
city would not prevent, the cattle 'wanted for
the Victualliog-yard, and other places to the
south, being driven, us they are at present,
through the streets ; and that to remove the
market at all would be to deprive the city of 'a
malarial branch of its trade. In this Nape re.
aiark;we most-cordially agree, and areglad to'
see a body of tradesmen, such as the' Common
Council, so properly alive to the main efianeeH
Though we have ourselves been the Warm' and
constant advocates of every` substantial and eiree-
tualmeans of improving all quarters of the rrie-
tr op Os, yet it cannot be denied that very M.,
(Great modes of improvement are applicable 'to the
City and Court ends of the town; and that in the
former any plan which linuld tend to change time
character-oP the City front a place or met chart.
dixe and of immense traffic, to handsome but'
solitary streets and squares, would be as
absurd.. 111 as attempt to convert the Thames
into a mere receptacle' ; for pleasure-beats
and gondolas. The ridiculous and, arbitrary
attempts which are continually making to
get, rni,of what some people ,call nuisances, but
which are, in fact, the unavoidable attendants of
a populous commercial :city, prove this. Some
persons dislike smoke; 'others would abolish
'mice., The cries of London are the utter tab-
torrence of seine portiou of its squeamish in'.
habitants,; and to such an absurd extent is this
carried,' that in
,one midi it is actually penal,
to ring,a bell.. ,The Legislature led the
way in this race of impracticable reform when
it Tossed.,
_Mr, :Taylor's. Street. Act, the most
arbitrary, unintelligible, and inconsistent piece
of legislation with which the vStutute Book
was evt encumbered, Then came: those prod-
outs .models ' of wisdom,' the Pariah' Boards
and Select Vestries—one of whom cannot beat
the existence of a hackney-coach stood, another
au old appiewoman, while a third,, in all the'dig.,
slily or, upstart ignorance and absurdity, Mikes
„war upon batchers",4ltor and markets,-greatly'
as they contribute to furnidi out the pleasurable'
and Om Materials of a parish feast. We. are
glad, therefore, to see that the Civic Body have
good semi, enough td make .a: stand' Optima these
atterriptS kit, impossibilities. s Of course no.,one
wishes .to meet a drove of oxen in, the streets';
but, on the other hand, no one wishes to Ins JIA
prived 'of his roast,beef. The one istheoecessary
forerunner of- the other,' One branch ofi real
wisdom :,consists. in,. ceuforming to .the state of
thing's in which we are plated. . Wherua,once
celebrated charioteer wished to tranfer his crane.;
lieckeephrietbn from Ifyde Park to Thames-
Streett.tiin story goes that' he encountered stcrane.
of anotheviloseripttarr,,sr filch plaCed him and his"
