of every man of science, capital, and enterprise
in the country.

German papers mention that, with the excep-
tion of a few formalities, the peace between the
SULTAN and the Pacha of EGYPT may be
looked upon as settled ; but that the Russian
auxiliary corps will probably remain until
IBRAHIM PACHA has withdrawn beyond the
boundaries of Syria.

We direct attention to a correspondence re-
specting an affair of honour, arising out of
some observations made by Sir J. HoBHOUSE
on Colonel EVAN S, which appeared in a
morning paper of yesterday. Want of space
and time prevents our making any observations
on the subject to-day.

Since we last adverted to the Petition Com-
mittee, it has made several reports. The 15th,
coming down to the 30th April, is now before
us. The petitions in favour of the better ob-
servance of the Sabbath, have increased to 791,
having 201,574 signatures. We should be sur-
prised at this number of signatures, knowing,
as we do, the sentiments of toleration enter-
tained by the great mass of the respectable part
of the community, did we not know how indus-
trious the sectaries are in raking names together.
Thousands who sign these petitions do so from
a desire not to seem particular, not to expose
themselves to the reproaches of their neighbours,
not to expose themselves to the absurd charge
of Atheism, in short, in nine cases out of ten, from
any motive but that of piety. The Scotch appear
determined to get rid of their system of patro-
nage in the church ; for, although it may be said
to be almost a new question, the number of pe-
titions against it is 105; of signatures 52,258.
The number of petitioners against tithes, English
and Irish, is only 36,000, owing to the cer-
tainty, we suppose, of their being abolished. The
dissenting petitioners, complaining of being
obliged to contribute to the maintenance of the
established church, are 14,760. The number of
petitionersin favour of the emancipation of the Jews
is 41,103; against slavery, 360,581; against the
assessed taxes generally, 16,663 ; and against
the house and window tax, 33,614. The peti-

tions against this last are only now beginning to
pour in, so confidently did the inhabitants of the
towns rely upon their abolition. The number
of petitioners in favour of corporation reform
are 57,235 ; in favour of the Factories Regula-
tion Bill, 99,110 ; and for an alteration of tle
Beer Act, 11,420.

The promulgation of the Ministerial plan for
the commutation of tithes in England has given
rise to the publication of the projects of indi-
viduals upon the same subject. Members of
the church, whose opinion it is most desirable
to have upon such a subject, have not been
backward in offering their suggestions. The
Rev. RICHARD JONES, M.A., Professor of
Political Economy at King's College, London,
whom we tray not unfairly take to represent
the feelings of a large portion of the body
to which he belongs, has, among others, pub-

lished a pamphlet upon the subject. Mr. JONES
approves of the Government plan, excepting in
some of its details. Whether he counts as
among the details the compulsory acceptance by
either landowner or clergyman, of the average
sum which has been paid during the last seven
years, we know not. We have already stated
our opinion of the gross injustice the
carrying of this part of the Bill into effect
would indict both upon clergymen, who
have not exacted their full due, and upon land-
owners who have been reduced to poverty by the
extortion of incumbents obliging them almost

to throw their land out of cultivation. We
shall not therefore at present say any more
upon the point, than that we regret Mr.
JONES has not adverted to it. We quite agree
with Mr. JONES that the church property would
be in any thing but a safe position if it were to
remain in the shape of the corn rents into which
Ministers propose to resolve it. The uniform con-
duct of landowners, from the reign of HenryVlll.
downwards, moves the little respect they have
not merely for the property of the church, but
for any property but their own, for any but the
most simple of mankind to imagine they would
not seize the first fair pretence that offered itself
for appropriating the church revenues to them-
selves, and, of course, throwing the mainte-
nance of the clergy upon the country at large. In
order, therefore, to get tithes out of the perilous
position in which they are placed as soon as
possible, Mr. JONES proposes to give all tithe-
payers the choice of redeeming their tithes for
Ist, money ; 2dly, land ; 3dly, mortgages ;

4thly, corn rents ; the mortgages and corn rents
to be at once assignable and saleable by the
church. All the modes are to be permissive.
For the management of the property which
would thus be vested in the church, Mr.
JONES proposes to establish a central board in the
metropolis, with corresponding boards in each
diocese, somewhat upon the plan proposed by Mr.
STANLEY for Ireland last session. Perhaps in
leaving the matter entirely optional, some of the
results expected by Mr. JONES would not take
place. For instance, the commutations in some
dioceses might be so trifling, as not to pay the
expense of the machinery he proposes to esta-
blish. This, however, would be a much le,s
serious evil than the power of oppression which
Government purposes to place in the hands of
the clergy, and we trust that what we have said
will be sufficient to draw attention in the proper
quatter to Mr. JONES'S suggestions.

The Ball given by Prince TALLEYRAND last
night in honour of the Duke of ORLEANS was one of the
most magnificent fetes that ever took place in London.
More than a thousand persons were present, among whom
were the Dukes of SUSSEX, GLOUCESTER, CUMBERLAND,
and BRUNSWICK, his Majesty's Ministers, and all the
Corps Diplomatique. A splendid supper was served dur-
ing the evening.
DEAL.—Written notices have been posted in
Deal announcing a Meeting for the immediate formation
of a Political Union. We discuss not at present the utility
of a society of this kind, farther than by expressing a con-
viction that the measures of Ministers and their political
adherents are viewed with irrepressitile feelings bf in-
creasing regret and disappointment. No equivocal proof
of the soundness of our remirk is, that many of the
staunchest supporters of the Ministerial candidates at the
late election scruple not to denounce their political conduct
in strong terms of disapprobation.—Maidstons Gazette.
