MAILS.
JParived. Due. Arrived. Due.'Arrived. Due.
9 America......... 1 1 France ..... ..... 0 0 Lisbon 1
. gra5i1.......... 0 0 Guem. &Jersey 0 0 Malta .......
0 Buenos Ayres... 0 0 Hamburg 0 0 IFlexim 1
0 Cart.tinena...... 0 0 Holland 0 0 Ostend.. ...... ... I)
1 Dub1in............ 0 0 Jamaica ......
0 Flanders ........ 0 0 Leeward Islands 0 0 Waterford.... 1

JAIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
;_ifforrAing ..„..... 23 minutes after 4 1 Evening 43 minutes after 4

NEW NAVAL NOTEL BY THE AUTHOR OF " RAT-
TLIN THE REEFER,"
Now ready, in 3 vols. post Svo.
OUTWARD BOUND;
Or, A MERCHANT'S ADVENTURES.

By the Author of
" Rattlin the Reefer," " The Old Commodore," &e.
Henry Colburn,Publisher,l3, Great Marlborough-street.

The publication Y. Tll2 SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON :
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 28, 1838.

The Bishop of EXETER is one of the most ungrateful of
men. The Irish Catholics made him what he is. They
converted HENRY PHILPOTTS, D.D., into a Right Re-
verend Father in God, with all the appurtenances there-
unto belonging, and yet he is continually abusing them.
The cry of " perjury" is never out of his mouth, although
he is, ii his own mode of reasoning be adopted, as liable as
any one can be to the same charge. Dr. PHILPOTTS, may
it not be said, was at one time a most determined opponent
of Catholic Emancipation, wrote pamphlets without num-
ber, showing that that measure would be the certain des-
truction of the Protestant Church, as by law esta-
blished ; that, there''ore, it was the bounden duty of
every true Protestant to lift up his voice, and, if
need were, his hand in defence of his religion. Well,
this being the conscientious opinion of Dr. Hemel' PHIL-
POTTS, and he being, moreover, one of the sworn guardians
of the Church to which he so worthily belongs, how came
it that when this threatened calamity overtook that Church,
be sat as still as a statue, and as silent as if he had been
a monk of La Trappe ? How could a man who stood thus
pledged to defend his venerable Mother from all her enemies,
so far forget his sacred obligation ? How came it to pass
that the watchma❑ was found asleep at his post ? Everybody
knows the answer to these questions. The Duke of Wse-
LINGTON, an old and skilful tactician, held up a mitre before
Dr. Pan LPOTTS'S eyes, and in an instant the Rev. pole-
mic's wrath was subdued, his conscientious scruples hushed,
and he who had been as fierce as a lion, became as gentle
as a lamb. Down went the fence, the barrier, the main
bulwark of the Church of England, and not a whisper of
remonstrance or regret issued either from Dr. PHILPOTTS'S
eloquent mouth, or still more eloquent pen? Nowis it for this
man to bring forward charges ofperjury against the Catholic
Magistrates and Members of Parliament because he has
rummaged, cut of the two hundred year old rubbish of
PETER DENS, doctrines respecting oaths which may not
accord with the more correct notions of modern times
Why, there is infinitely more ground for charging him with
perjury, and bribery too, than he has for the accusation
which he so often brings against the Catholics. There is,
however, one great consolation to the Catholics in the can-
teuir t in which the foul mouthed framer of this accu-
sation has brought upon himself by his conduct. He ha;
harped, too, upon this one string until he has nearly sawn
it asunder, as well as offended es ery truly Christian ear.
What di I his last night's exhibition in the House of Lords
produca ? Did a single Peer think it worth while to take
the least notice of any one point in the rambling and vitt:-
pertvive lecture which he delivered ? Not one. What a
rebuke must this have been, had there been a particle of
right feeling in this man's composition.

The conversation between Lord Lord JOHN RUSSELL and
Sir ROBERT PEEL list night in the House of Commons
was by fir the most important event of the evening. More
interesting matter to the people of the expire was con-
densed into that one column than in all the other fifteen
columns which the p arty motion of the Tories caused the
wearied r porters to fill. Lord JOHN RUSSELL announced •
a totally new plan for settling the tithe question in Ireland,
placed on ground altogether new. We will not yet pry-
nounce any opinion on that plan, because the Resolutions.
of which the Noble Lord gave notice were imperfectly re-
ported, and we shall in a few days get them in a printed
and correct form ; but this we will at once say, that if they
clo not maintain and carry out to some extent the prin-
cip!e of appropriation, they will do irreparable in-
jury to the character of Lord JOHN RUSSELL and
the Ministry. We own we fear this, because Lord JOHN
RUSSELL proposes to himself incompatible things, "on the
one hand security to the Protestant Church, and on the
other, satisfaction to the people of Ireland." It is utterly
impossible that a Catholic population should ever be satis-
fied with the existence of a dominant and insulting Protes•
twat. Establishment, while their own Priests are wholly un-
provided for, or dependant on their volunta►y contribution
for support. Sir ROBERT PEEL echoed, imperfectly, Lord
JOHN RUSSELL ; he omitted " the satisfaction of the people,"
Tory like, but lie insisted, that " security for the Irish
Church must be an essential condition of the settlement of
the Irish Municipal question." We trust, that the Catho-
lics of Ireland will mark this and take warning in time.
They have lately been reproached loudly and bitterly, with
a violation of the implied compact entered into in
1829, and if, after these declarations on the part of Lord
JOHN RUSSELL and Sir ROBERT PEEL, they accept
either the proposed plan for settling the Tithes or
Municipal Reform, they will bind themselves to give
security to the Established Church. Hitherto that
noxious and insulting Establishment has been fastened
on them against their will ; henceforth if they consent to
these measures on such conditions, they will be willing
parties to their own slavery aril their own shame—they
will pull out the bayonet that now pins that Church on their
backs, and they will bind it safely there with their own
hands. They can do without Municipal Reform, and with-
out Tithe abolition, till they can honourably command
both ; but they cannot imply a promise to give secu-
rity to the Established Church without branding them-
selves with indelible disgrace. They will then avow, in
opposition to the consistent conduct of their persecuted an-
cestors, and their maligned clergy, that the Roman Catholic
religion is that false and despicable superstition which the
M`GHERs, and the O.SULLIVANS, and the PHILLPOTTS of
the Church Establishment describe it to be.

In the House of Commons last night Lord ELIOT
brought forward the motion of which he had given notice,
relative to the inefficiency of Lord PALMERSTON'S Spanish
policy, and praying that the Order in Council for the sus-
pension of the Foreign Enlistment Act might not be re-
newed. As the debate was adjourned it would serve no
purpose to wade through arguments and statements, the
force of which will be best proved by the division, and th e
burden of which has served for the staple of every debate
on the relations of England with Spain since the appoint-
ment of the MELBOURNE Cabinet. Our own opinions
upon the Spanish question are well known to our readers
and the people of England. We like not Lord PALMER..
sToN's Spanish policy, but we like still less the Foreign
policy recommended by the Tories. We are for inter-
vention in the fullest and plainest meaning of the term.
We would assist, and co-operate with the constitutional
SOVEREIGN of Spain not indirectly, but directly—not by
the suspension of the Foreign Enlistment Act, but with
arms, men, and money. We have always advocated the
intervention system of M. Timm:, who advised the
marching of thirty thousand men across the Pyrenees, on
the first rumour of Don CAaLos' taising the standard of
rebellion in the Basques. This was the way to have
restored tranquillity to the Peninsula—to maintain
inviolable the peace of Europe. At the same time
we are prepared to give the Government the fullest
credit for what it has effected in favour of the
Constitutional cause in Spain. Notwithstanding the
attacks made upon it, we are quite convinced that
had the MELEOURNU Cabinet with-held all assistance
from the Queen of SPAIN, despotism would at this moment
be triumphant in Madrid. In saving San Sebastian, our
Government saved Spain ; for had the Carlists possessed

t "IRA
ee'
.• _
ambit
•,

Vic
