[BRITISH PRESS.]

No language can describe the alarm and con-
fusion that prevailed yesterday in the Money
Market, on the announcement of the failure of
Sir Peter Pole, Thornton, and Co. This me-
lancholy intelligence was accompanied with a
groundless report affecting another respectable
banking establishment. This malicious rumour,
for such, in truth, we fear it was, was met by a
prompt contradiction, and stopped from further
circulation. To give some idea of the panic and
the pressure for money, we select the prices of
Exchequer Bills and Reduced Stock. The adver-
tised Bills, on which the parties had given notice
at the. Exchequer for money, and which were
payable this day in cash, sold at 255. discount
for 1001. The Bills not advertised, at 555. dis.;
Reduced 3 per cent. Stock at 79i and 80. Va.
lions sales were reported of Consols for money,
to be immediately tranferred (an indulgence very
properly granted by the Directors of the Bank
of England, though the Stock has closed pre-
viously to the Dividend) ; but these were all ru-
mours set afloat to spread wider the alarm and
the panic of the day. The reports circulated
yesterday morning surpass in their wickedness
all the previous attempts of the industrious stock-
jobbers.---The Foreign Market has been compa-
ratively neglected, but all the Stocks were
lower : Colombian about 60 ; the Mexican 6 per
Cents. about 62; Buenos Ayes, 75; Brazil
Scrip, 15 dis.; Austrian, 90; Russian, 87; Spa-
nish, 14. In Shares no transactions worth re-
porting ; indeed the prices were nominal.

[MORNING HERALD.
The French are, of all people, the first to re-
proach other nations and Governments with bad
faith and the sacrifice of public honour to the
sordid interests of trade. If the matter were
tried by facts the recoil would be terrible upon
the French Government, and especially the Go-
vernment of the Bourbons. To rest the issue
upon a single fact, not generally known—who
would suppose, after the chivalrous declarations
of the Representatives of the French Government
since the peace of 1814—after the Law solemnly
passed interdicting, under severe penalties, and
especially the penalty of public shame, to all
Frenchmen the traffic in slaves—after all the
rhetorical varieties in which this great act of hu-
mane legislation figured in the funeral eulogies
of Louis XVII I.—who would suppose, after all
this, that the Slave Trade was still carried on,
with the effrontery of notoriety, in the out-
ports of France ? .The port of Nantes ap-
pears pre-eminent in infamy. The traffic in
slaves is talked 'of openly on 'Change, like any
other—ttna the facility and security have so
far increased, that the rate of insurance has
fallen from 35 and 36 to 25 per tent., and these
insurances are termed " insurances of honour !"
They have even abandoned the slang in which this

infamous traffic was hitherto veiled, and talk of it
in plain terms. What is more, the devotees have
the execrable hypocrisy to engage it under
pretence of converting the negroes—public
functionaries vest capital in other hands for
the purpose, and even calling themselves friends
of freedom, do not blush to owe their fortunes
to the slavery of their fellow-creatures. On a
moderate calculation, the number of vessels of
Nantes alone engaged in the Slave Trade is no less
than 80, and the shipowners increase the number of
their accomplices, by making the shipbuilders and
the workmen themselves, the carpenter, the sail-
maker, the rope-maker, the smith—owners of
small shares in the illegal and infamous adventure.
An eye-witness of the highest credit, who has
just visited Nantes, reports from his own obser-
vation no less than eleven slave vessels in readi-
ness or preparation ; and states, as a fact beyond
question, that fifteen had sailed with the same
destination a few days before. Vessels pal-
pably fitted up for the conveyance of slaves
were to be seen in the ship-builders' yards,
and lying in the river publicly for sale. This
was not all.—The handcuffs, ti►e iron fetters,
the thumbscrews, destined for the refrac-
tory limbs of the tortured negroes on board,
were 'to be seen by hundreds in the forges.
—Can the French Government, which tole-
rates and connives at a practice so disgraceful
as this in the face of day, have any sense of
honour, humanity, or common shame ? But it
may be asked, upon what authority are these
statements grounded Upon that of a pFrson
eminent for his talents and personal conside-
ration, who has denounced the infamy of the port
of Nantes, and the scandalous participation of
the French Government, to all Europe. One
redeeming and consolatory circumstance there un-
doubtedly appears—viz. that there are in France
men capable of making and responding to this
appeal to humanity—and that the press in France
is sufficiently free to admit of its publication.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, DEC. 12.

COMMISSION OF REVIEW.-POWELL v. MOUCHAT.

This was a proceeding by command from the Crown, to re-
view a decision of the Court of Delegates concerning the pro-
visions of a will, the question in which arose from the following
circumstances :—A person of the name of Litchfield, of low
estate and illegitimate birth, was provided for by his father in a
will, by which he was to take at full age to all the real and
personal estate of his father, to be held in trust for that purpose
by Messrs. Mouchat and Rich, and in the event of his death,
then to be held in trust for the nephews and nieces of the same
testator. In May, 1813, he added two codicils to the above
will, which had been Made in 1807. A will was produced
subsequently to the death of the testator, dated the day after
the date of the codicils, which had the effect of revoking some •
of the provisions of the will of 1807, and which left the illegiti-
mate legatee of the last-named will without any provision
whatever. Upon this matter there had been a trial at law, in
which it was decided that the will of 1813 was obtained under
circumstances which rendered it invalid, and that the codicils
of the forma will were to be taken as good and binding pro-
visions of the same will. The decision of the Court of Dele-
gates confirmed that of the Court of Common Law, and it is
an appeal against this last decision that-the present commission
of review was sought and is allowed:74'
The Solicitor-General and Dr. Adam were heard for the ap-
pellants. Dr. Jenner and Mr. Newland are to be heard fin
Mr. louchat.---Dr. Lushington and Mr. Pepys, Mr. Rich,
Mr. Hart, and Mr. Wakefield, are retained for the infants who
are interested in the will of 1813.
