intercom to be taken Into consideration. He complained
' then, that within 24, hours' notice, the House was to
be brought to a division on this most important subject.
In fact he thought the reduction of the Malt Tar, for
which he voted on Friday, 'night have been afforded
without bringing on the necessity of a general
commutation ; but even allowing that it were
put to him distinctly, would be have the malt duty re-
duced and a property tax imposed, or the malt duty
be left alone, he should certainly say, leave the
malt duty alone—(Hear, hear)—and spare him the
property tax.—(Hear, hear, and laughter.)
Sir R. PEEL said he should follow the example
of his Honourable Friend and postpene giving
any detailed - opinion upon the great question
which was to come on for discussion to-morrow niut, till
the proper time arrived. He would observe, however, with
respect to the even which had brought on this conversaton
that if he Lad been present on Friday night, which acci-
dent prevented him being, he should have given his de-
cided opposition to the proposal of reducing the malt tax.
He would have none that, not because he did not entertain
a sincere desire to see that tax abated, if possible, but
because he shouid have looked forward to tha
consequences of that abatement—he should have looked
forward to its bearing on the question of commu-
tation—to its bearing on the question of the corn
laws—( Hear, hear)—to its bearing on the question
of a substitution of a property tax. The suluvitutian of
a property tax would lead to a comple revolutio❑ in the
whole of our fivancial system—(Hear) and he would
not consent to inflict an injury upon the public creditor
bp the repeal of any tax till he fit assured of obtaining
a substitute.—(Hear, hear, hear.) He must say,
that he certainly did entertain serious doubts of the
success of any attempt to establish a property and
income tax in lieu of any other taxes whatever.—
(Hear, hear.) He did not mean to say that vir-
tually to rescind a vote of the House come to one
night on another was a course free from evil, but it would
be a far greater evil to maintain the doctrine that questions
of such immense importance could be finally determined
by a House, consisting of only half the number of
the whole House, being present.—Hear, bear.) What
were all their regulations for respecting the diff rent
stages measures must pass through if it were
not to guard against something else than surprise? He wts
bound to say there had bier no surprise on this
occasion, and that Honourahle Members ought to
have been present to discharge their duty, but the r
regulations were not only intended to guard against sur-
prise, but against the effect of sudden itnpulaes. Wr at
he had said was probably enough for Honourable
Members to inter what his general opinion was
with respect to a property-tax, but that question involved
questions of such magnitude, that he should abstain from
entering into them till to.morrow evening.
Lord ALTHORP said that an Hon. Friend of his bad
objected to the shortness of the notice he had given for the
motion he intended to bring forward, but when his Hon.
Friend considered the situation in which the affairs of the
country were placed, whilst a question of the kind
s•ood over, he was sure he would see that the
notice was any thing but too short. (Hear, hear.)
The resolution which he had read to the House most dis•
tinctly stated, that it wood at present he inexpedient.
I bAn HON OU RA BLS MEMBER, who spoke out t f
sight wades the gallery, said, that as a sincere
fr end to the Ministry, he would intreat them to
come forward oftener, and state more at large their vies
on great public questions, especially ae th re were so m rIJV
of the new Members who were not so well acquainted wi k
the bearing of suer, questions as older Members.

Lord EBRINGTON said tile Noble Lord opposite could
not have heard the speech of his N.fbie Friend below
him (Lord Althorp) on the occo3ion to which h.
had alluded, for he bad then moat distinctly
expressed his opinion of the inexpediency of a property
tax.—(Hear, hear, and cheers,) He (Lord E.)
had had the advantage of sitting next his
Noble Friend on that evening, and the iu.pres-
sion on his mind of what tell rum him, was that in his
opinion such a tax would be must inexped'ent.—(Hear.)
Although he (Lord Ettrington) certainly un lerstood vaat
his Nobl-• Friend said, hi• Ft lend did not, perhaps, a a e
what he had to say in terms •uficiently clear, but cot fitly
not so ambiguously as to bear the c ustruction that had
been put upon it.— (Cheers, and cries of " Question.")

LEFT SPEAKING.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

On the Earl of SHAFTESBURY taking his sea: on the
woolsack a few minutes aft, r five o'clock, he presented a
petition from Dorchester, for the repeal of the house and
window taxes.

The Bishop of HEREFORD presented petitions against
slav,ry.
Several private Bills were brought up from the Com-
mons, and read a first time.

Lord SUFFIELD pre•ented 50 petitions for the total
and immediate exrinetion of slavery.
Lord LYNDHURST ♦,resented a petition from York,
against th- Local Courts Bi.l.

Lord SUFFIELD now rose to pees nt a petition from
Uptoreter on the subject of tithes. The petitioners com-
plaint d, fi:st, that the greatest p,as•ible inconvenience was
infl eted upon the tithe-payers ; and, secondly, that these
tithes were not appropriated fur the religious instruction
of the people.—(Hear, hear.) His Lordship w.at in o
a short statement of the hardships to which the pe-
titioners were subj-cted, and stated that thought the
tithes were large, therorate was paid on/y2Ol. per annum.
The Earl of ELDON deprecated the way in which the
clergy were attackea, and unjustly attacker►, and the moo-
ner in which they were opposed in the collection of their
incomes. The petitioners bought their estates subject to
the payment, and now they endeavuurtd to throw off that
payment. He could not see how any conscious man (mild
take such a course. He would mention also that he should
oppose vet.einently tl e bill which he understood woo d
shortly be introduced to them, which proposed to levy a
tex upon the income of the cl.rtry.
The Bishop of BRISTOL defended the Dean and
Chap er of Windsor, the impropriators of the tithes. The
tithes were leased to a Gentleman, who resided in Suffolk,
and the Dean and Chapter only received about 271., and,
until the lease was renewed, could not augment the income
of the incumbent, though perfectly aware of that hardship.
The Earl of RADNOR said, that with respect to the
frequent attacks upon the clergy, the petitioners thought
they were subjected to hardships which ought to be
remedied—they ought to present a petition, in order that
that grievance might be remedied, if possible.
Lord ROSYLIN presented petitions from Plympton,
and other places, for the repeal of the house and window
tax.

The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented petitions
for the better observance of the Sabbath.

The Earl of ABERDEEN? presented a petition from tl e
Physicians' College. Edinburgh, and irom the Royal Col-
lege of Surgeons, Aberdeen, agrinst the Apothecaries'
Act. The Noble Earl pos,p inert his motion on the mut -
ject of the French expedition to Algiers till Friday r ext.
The Duke of CUMBERLAND presented a
considerable number of petitions againstslaveryfromßishop's
Auckland, and other places in Durham.
The Earl of RADNOR presented a petiticn from a
parish in Sussex, complaining that in consequence of the
ti hes being levied in kind, the cultivation of hops had
very materially decreased.
The Bishop. of CHICHESTER said he was as de-
sirous as any man that the tithes should not be taken in
kind.

The Earl of RODEN presented a petition from the
parish of Holy Trinity, in the City of Cork, protesting
against the appropri,ition of the Church funds to any but
Church purposes. The people were sot prised a Protestant
gentlemen should propose to despoil a Protestant church
in the manner proposed in the Irish Church Bill ; also a
petition front the glazier., butchers, and drovers, in the
habit of attending the fair of Skipton, praying fur the
',ever observance of the Sabbath.

A NOBLE LORD presented a petition from Belfast,
praying for the introduc,ion of poor-laws into Ireland.
Esti FIITZWILLIAII presented petitions for the
abolition of s avery, front Kingston upon Hull, signed by
6 000 persons, 3lalton, Hull, Ripon, and from places in
Northamptonshire.
The Duke of RICHMOND moved the first reading of
a Bill for establishing Labour Rate (as we under,tood.)
The &shop of LONDON suggested that tl e second
reading should be po tponed till the report of the
Commission rs of the Poor Laws was laid before the House,
was acquiesced its by the Duke of Richmond.
(LEFT SPEAKING )

SHORT COURTSHIP.—Married, on the 9th
instant, by the Rev. D. 111.GiLv1tAir, on board the St.
Caili,rine steno -boat, while on her voyage up Lochgoil,
Alt.. ARCHIBALD T110311,0N, to ELIZABETU, daughter of
DoNALn CAMPBELL, Esq., of Sligherachan, G:enfinnart.
The performance of ON ceremony was the t ffect of the
accidental prt•sence of the Rev. Gmtletnan who married
the Kapp, pair. The martial music of the bag-pipes,
corn,)ined with the fineness of the weather and the pleas-
ing scenery, prov..d irreNistihle ; and as there is no
effeot without a sufficient calqe, I would rec!qmnend to
%our fair readers to speculate on L )chgoil.—Correspondent
of Glasgow Herald.
