FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

• FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de France, dated Aug. 3.)
BUCHAREST, JULY 13.—Private letters from Gal-
len, which require confirmation, say that there has
been a battle near Bazardjik, between the Russian
vanguard aml'a Turkish corps of the army of Hus-
sein Pacha, in which the first were defeated. It is
added, that in this battle, in which the Russians at-
tempted to force the position of Bazardjik, the Turks
displayed extraordinary courage and perseverance,
and baffled the efforts of the Russian columns, which
were superior to them ; and that having received
reinforcements from Choumla, they were able to act
offensively, and killed and wounded great numbers of
the Russians. It is singular that the Russian Bul-
letins, which are drawn up with so much correctness
and regard to truth, have not said any thing that
can confirm the least part of this news ; and we know
by the latest and direct accounts from Karasou, dated
the 6tb, that the centre of the army was going to
march against Choumla. We mast, therefore, wait
for official communications before we give credit to

the numerous reports which are circulated.
The plague, which appeared to be abating, has
increased again with the extreme heat, and the au-
thorities have been obliged to adopt the most rigor..

ous measures.—Augsbzi•gh Gazette.
(From the Messager des Chambres, dated Aug. 2.)
PARIS, AUG. I.—(After quoting a few lines from
the Times, relative to his Majesty's Speech, the
Messager adds)—" We are able, as far at least as
France is concerned, to satiefy the Editor of the
Times. It is not independently of its allies, but in
concert with them, that France has conceived its
generous expedition to the Morea ; it is the conse-
quence and execution of the Treaty of the 6th July.
The conquest of Athens is no part of the upright in.
tentions of the French Cabinet. The object of the
expedition is no mystery to the allies of his Most
Christian Majesty. As to the occupation of Con-
antinople by the Russians, we think that if it takes
p ace it will be to the Emperor no more than the
means of again manifesting the sentiments of mode-
ration and magnanimity which he has shown under
all circumstances."

(From the Journal des Debats.)
PARIS, AUGUST 2.—While the darkening sky o
France threatens our harvests, as in 1816, peace is
departing—now exiled from the East, and perhaps,
ere long, banished from
.the whole world. The Co-
lossus of the North is approaching the South. With
one step lie reaches the Danube, with another he
crosses the Balkan, and with a third he will be ra-
vaging both banks of the Propontides. The Otto-
man empire, attacked in Europe, in Asia, and in
Greece, seems ready to fall on all sides. Who can
foresee what new States—what unexpected catas-
trophes—what new political views may not spring
from its ruins ? Austria is arming; and it is not
known whether she threatens Russia by making a di-
version—Turkey with a partition—or Italy with a
Protectorate. At the same time the storm of revo-
lution begins to blow in the West. The ustapa-
lion of a brother, a husband, an uncle, a guardian,
who despoils at the same time his ward, his
niece, his bride, and his elder brother, has be.
gun in Portugal. Ireland is agitated in a terrible
manlier ; less like a persecuted sect, than as
a vanquished natioe which is preparing to throw
off the yoke of the conqueror. The second plague
spot of England—its workmen without em-
ployment—its numberless paupers are preparing for
it, a few months hence, fresh torments. It must
make great sacrifices to give them bread, or fight
battles to keep in subjection people excited by idle-
ness, hunger, and want. Struck to the heart, Great
Britain ceases to offer to the political systems which
divide the world a stable point of support ; and in
the thousand events which the vicissitudes of the
fucure may bring forth, it is possible that France
may have to support, without the assistance of her
rival, the weight of serious contests. At first one is
disposed to murmur at the unequal distributions of
Providence. Let us not complain, however. What
would have become of us a few months ago, if we had
had then, in the midst of our afflictions, to take a part
in the affairs of the East ? What would have happened
to us if the sun had not ripened our barley and wheat ?
A famine, though we hope we are not destined to
experience one, would now only be an additional
embarrassment—a public evil ; but had it happened
last year, in the midst of the public exasperation of
the disbanding of the National Guard, it would have
led to a convulsion. So true it is, that the security
of Constitutions which support the throne, and are
the safeguard of the people, 'renders every thing
easy. England is labouring under the misery of
violent laws, partial liberties, and intestine divisions.
With her high civilization, her powerful intelligence,
her magnificent institutions, her love of freedom she
has not elevated herself to comprehend that guardian
principle which separates religion from the state.
the has overlooked, of all liberties, the most moral
and the most holy—liberty of conscience. She ha:l
disinherited of the right of citizenship a creed pro-
fessed by the half of the civilized world. Her laws
have affixed the badge of slavery upon fidelity of a
whole people to the faith of their ancestors, and
these laws have treated dogmas as crimes, and
dissent from articles of faith as insurrection. She has
made a people who ought to be united become two
hostile nations; the one serving and suffering, the
other free and oppressing. To this state our late
Ministers wished to reduce France. There would
have been two nations among us, and one would
have been persecuted for its attachment to the poli-
tical principles which are the bases of our laws.—
What would the Monarchy have gained by that ?
As little as England gains. She sends tro ops to
Ireland—we send ours to Greece. She disavows
Codrington—we give Rigny Maison to support and
ena:ilate him. She is conquered in Portugal, cona-
prom .sl in the East, lowered in the estimation of
is
all the world, and her Chief Captain seems only to
have been placed at the head of affairs the better to
prove the necessity which obliges the British Go-
vernment to wait in silence and inactivity the fall of
the Ottoman Empire. Our interior situation is like
that of no other State; we are not divided into dif-
ferent and hostile races like Austria, nor into Nobles
who possess a whole province, and people who
have but a stone for a pillow, like Spain—nor into
oppressinn sectaries and indigent elasses, like Great
Britain ;
blood, mann
us.
ers,
Tinhtellig.enee, for-
tunes, are all uniform ainon7
for interminable discords; mid
1).
rofo u n d dissentious.no a
i_ are divided have no
Even the parties into which v
longer a motive for hatred ; for‘ 'the Royalists do not
wish to be slaves, and the Constitutiona
trious and wealthy, do not sigh for anarchy.lists, indus-
The
Representative Monarchy must unite all hearts. The
former require to be assured of the stability .of the
Throne; the latter of the Charter. MI require se-
curity, which reigns, in fact, from the Rhine to the
Pyrenees.
Fiteeen Fusies.—Five per Cents. 106 f. ; Three per
Cents. '72f. 20c. ; Bank Stock, 11582 f. 50c. ; Naples
Stock, 76f. sc. ; Haytian Loan, 625 f. Exchange on
I.ondon—One month, 25f. 25c. ; three months, 25f. 15c.

MR. O'CONNELL, m.p.—we
vv are happy to
say that our immortal countryman is retained specially at
the coming Assizes of Galway, in the case of " BLAKE
FOSTER v. HENRY BLASE, Of Brookiodge," on the part
of the plaintiff. The inhabitants of Galway, no doubt,
will receive Mr. O'CONNELL with those feelings of enthu-
sia4ie devotion for which our provincial town Is so distin-
guished ; arrangements are about to be made for the put-
pose of inviting him to a public dinner.— Western Argus.
It is stated that the paragraph in the World
newspaper, representing that three Bishopso were to be ap-
pointed at the present Conference, the supervision
of the Methodist Connexion, is a fabrication..--L„ds
Mercury.
Four twin children, all born at a birth, are
now living at a cottage at the side of the road from Broms-
grove. to Worcester, at about a mile from the former place.
They are all girls, and will be nine years old on the 23d of
March next. They are much alike, 'and appear to enjoy
perfect health. Their father is a labouring man of about
40, and he has five other children, but none of them twins.
—.Hants Advertiser.
