CHOLERA.

THE following are Important Facts, with
which the Public, at the present momen►, ought to
be fully acquainted.

First,—Tbat BETTS'S " PATENT FRENCH DISTILLED

BRANDY" is the only known pure Spirit in the World !
Secondly,—That while it po,sesses all the valuable pro-
perties which characterise the finest Cognac Brandy, it
is free from those acids which that spirit is known to

contain, and which are now so desirable to be avoided.
Thirdly,—That unlike other Spirits, the Patent Brandy
rrill not produce nausea or head. ache ; but, on the con-
trary, from its essential purity will be found congenial
to the most delicate constitution, and an invaluable sub-
stitute to persons of bilious and anti digestive habits.
Fourthly,—Tbat as an ordinary beveral.v, diluted in the
proportion of six to one, (as recommended by the first
Physicians), it is beyond all calculation preferable to
malt and other fermentable liquors, while its moderate
price brings it within the reach of neatly every class of
consumers.
Fifthly,—That all the faculty who are acquainted with the
transcendant merits of the Patent Brandy, recommend it
in preference to French Brandy for medicinal purposes.
Sixthly,—That it has been analyzed bra great number of
the most celebrated Chemists, whose opinions are una-
nimous as to its decided superiority, and from whose
certificates the two following extracts are made :
Prom JOHN THOMAS COOPER, Esq., Lecturer on Che-

mistry at the Medical School in Ablersgats.street—
“ Your Brao6y is free from uncombined acid and as-
ft tringent matter, which exists more or less in moat of
" the 13randies imported from France."
" To Mr. Betts."
From JOSEPH Hume, Esq., of Long Acre, Chemist to

his Majesty—
" I am bound to say, and do assert it with confidence,
" that for purity of spirit, this cannot be surpassed, and
" that your Patent Brandy is also quite free from those
" acids which, though minute in quantity, always coma-
" minate the Foreign Spirit."
" J. T. Betts, Esq."
T• BETTS and Co. deem it expedient to state, that
their only Estahlishment is at No. 7, Smithfield-bars,
(leading, to St. John•street,) where the Patent Brandy,
either Pale or Coloured, may be had in quantities of not
less than two gallons, at 18s. per imperial gallon.
N.B.—A liberal discount to the trade.

BRITISH COLLEGE OF HEALTH,
KING'S CROSS, NEW.ROAD, LONDON.
CURE OF ASTHMA OF THIRTY YEARS'
STANDING.
TO MR. HAYDON, No. 5, FLEUR-DE-LIS-COURT,
NORTON-FALGATE,
8/R9—l wish to make known to my fellow-sufferers
the benefit I have derived from Morrison's Universal Vege-
table Medicine, under your advice, for which I never can
be thankful enough. For thirteen or fourteen winters I
could not lie down in my bed, and scarce able to breathe ;
but, thank God, the last winter, by taking your Medicines,
I have been able to enjoy my bed and sound sleep, and
now able to follow my business—that of a shoemaker; and,
from what I have experienced myself, I shall always be
glad to communicate to any one that is afflicted, for I am
eeitaln the Medicine will cure any disorder if persevered
in, and I actually would not be without the Pills if any
one would give me 100 sovereigns. I shall conclude by
wishing you, Sir, and all concerned in this good cause in
relieving the sufferings of your fellow-creatures, God's
blessing. SAMUEL WILSON.
111, Brick-lane, Shoreditch, July 24, 1832.
P.S. I should have mentioned I found the Powder of
great benefit in regard to my breath.

CURE of DEAFNESS and LOSS of SPEECH.
TO MR. HAYDON, HYGEIAN AGENT, No. 5, FLEUR-

DE-LIS-COURT, NORTON FALGATE.
SlR,—Having received great benefit from the use of
Morrison's Universal Vegetable Medicine, under your direc-
tional send you a few of the particulars of my complaint,
that other sufferers like myself, who may be thinking their
ewes hopeless, may be led to take your advice, aed they
Will be sure to get well. When three years old, I was by
a gust of wind knocked down four steps by a large door
striking me on the head, of which I never got the better,
having lost my senses for a Nog time, and never thought
to hear any more, having at the time my head so dread-
fully injured; and after every advice from the first of the
faculty had been resorted to without any good effect, I was
led to try the pills you directed me, and saying if I would
give them a fair trial, they would cure me ; and, thank
God, although I have not taken the medicine more than
tight or nine months, I can now hear as well as any one.
before I took these Pills, I never was free from dreadful
Paine in my head, with loss of speech, and now, thanks
to the Almighty, I am as well as any person, having got my
speech and hearing. You are at liberty to make what use
You please of this, and I shall be glad to give particulars
at any time, and subscribe myself, under God's blessing,
(Wishing you and all who are engaged in your good cause
every success), Your debtor for health, _

'4

SARAH GREGORY.
2, Spitt-street, Spitalfields, July 23, 1832.

The " Vegetable Universal Aledicines" are to be had at
d'6l the College, New-road, King's-cross, London ;at the
r Surrey Branch, 96, Great Surrey-street, Blaekfriars; at
r, Mr. Field's, 16, Air-street, Quadrant; Mr. Chappel's,
Royal Exchange ; Mr. Walker's, Lamb's Conduit-passage,
p Red Lion-square ; Mr. J. Lofts, 10, Mile End-road ; Mr.
/ Bennett's, garden-market;Covent- Mr. Ilaydon's, Fleur-
de-lis-court, Norton Falgate ; Mr. Ilaslett's, 118, R•it-
-1 cliffs-highway ; Alessi's. Norbury's, Brentford ; Mrs.
' Stepping's, Clare-market; Messrs. Salmon's,
Little Bell-
it, alley ; Miss Varral's, 24, Lucas-street, Commercial-road it', 141-R. Beech's, 7, Sloane-square, late of Sloane-street, Chel-
'' 1 "ea ;of Mr. Chapple, Royal Library, Pall-mall ; Mr.
PA Coverley, Bow- bridge, Stratford; Mr. Kirilam, 4, Boling-
9id broke-row, Walwerth ; of Mr. Pain, 64, Jerinyn-street ;
1 Mr. Howard, Hair-dresser, Richmond ; Mr. Ale} ar, 3,
1,
.aitl May's-buildings, Blackheath ; Mr. Griffiths, Wood Wharf,
Greenwich; Mr.B.Pitt,
0), J. Dobson, 35, Craven-street, Strand ; Mr. Oliver, Bridge_
Jai. street, Vauxhall ; Mr. J. Monk, Bexley Heath ; Mr. T.
Stokes, 12, St. Roman's, Dartford ; Mr. Cowell, e.,
Terrace, Pimlico ; Mr. Parfitt, 96, E !gware road ; Miss
C. Atkinson ; Mr. Taylor, Bagwell ; Mr. Wm. Lake,
bookseller, Uxbridge; and at one Agent's in every prinei-
Pal town in Great Britain and Ireland, the 1-lands of
Unernsey and Malta, and throughout the whole of the
United States of America.
N. B.—The College will not be answerable far the con-
4.(uences of any Medicines s. Id by any Chemist or Dtug-
i„", as none such are allowed to sell the " Universal
'ltdicines."

iT 11175 A
13100'
11Y II
ne °

CABINET MAKERS' SOCIETY, '7l, LEADEN-

HALL-STREET.
31 R. THU RN EL I. respectfully solicits the
Nobility and Gentry to inspect the largest and
best-selected Stock of Cabinet and Upholstery Goods in
England, at the CABINET-MAKERS' SOCIETY, 71,
Leadenhall-street, City, which Society is enrolled agree-
ably to Act of Parliament, and founded for the support
and encouragement of industrious Mechanics, who all com-
bine to produce only the very best Articles, provide for its
Members in sickness, old age, and burial, and for survivors
At death. By order of the Trustees,
THOS. HASLER, Secretary,
71, Leadenball-street, City.
Full size mahogany four- !Servants' chest of
post bedstead £3 15 0; drawers £2 2 0
Ditto tent bedstead 1 6 OjMahogany Pembroke
Ditto with furniture 3 15 01 table
Bordered straw mattress Mahogany dining table 3 3 0
to tit
Clair mattress to tit
Featherbead, free from Cellaret sideboard 6 10 0
dust 3 10 0 Pedestal ditto lO 10 0
Three feet six featherbed 2 12 0 Set of tour feet mahogany
Four feet six hair mattress 210 0 dining tables, 11 feet
Four feet six best ditto, 6 long 14 10 0
3 3 OjSmall ditto, patent ...... SIO 0
in tick
hour feet six flock bed IMusic stool, n morocco._ 1 5 0
and bolster ..........
j
tiix japanned chairs in oil, Butler's ditto
any colour 1 60, Eight Trafalgar chairs...lo 10 0
;test japanned dressing Ditto drawing-room,each 0 18 0
table 0 16 0 Drawing room couch .... 5 5 0
(DoitntomNovansalii-titiaond ditto
00 186
00jCB:smtmhoonrssi.thw G 4 6air cushion 0 5 6
ti).tiiti.teoedfricests' 1-I,g hesttable
n,
a...... 0 80' Rosewoodcar.and sofa tables, in 100,
10
0 0
gang drawers 2 19 0 Ditto ditto 2l 10 0
Three feet six ditto 3lO 0 Elegant drawing-room
Mahogany box glass, two curtains .................... 6 6 0
drawers Ol5 0 Rosewood caddies, of
Mahogany night come-
fancy
nience
Ditto with three steps
Ditto bidet and pan
Ditto ditto
10 0
1 16 61 lapantied rosewood chits_ 2
Bed-room sofa bedstead, I fonier .....................
mattress to fitovith top 3 801 Ditto ditto . ••• ••••
3 1 0 0
i•rench bedstead, ja_ Lady's work table, ma-
1'
pained
Bamboo tent bedstead 1 12 0 Ditto, silk and fringed... 3 3 0
I. ive feet mahogany four-
post and furniture, Japanned
French draperies and Rosewood ditto ........... 0 10 6
silk fringe
14 14 C. Lou tables... (upwards)... 6 0 0
Large.winged
bookged shelves... 0 6 0
wardrobes.
.
All featherbeds warranted free from dust and siaelL
•• 0 Old Furniture taken in exchange

Miss Poison, now the wife of the defendant, was
at nine years of age sent over by her parents from
the West Indies, where they possessed an estate,
to England, to be educated, and was placed by her
friends at the boarding school of the plaintiff. From
1822, when she was placed at the school, until
1825, the parents or guardians of the young lady sent
remittances to pay her school bills, which were paid
accordingly. After that time the remittances ceased
to come. The fall in the West India property made
it necessary for Miss Poison to qualify herself not to
enjoy an independent expectancy in the West In-
dies, but to procure her own livelihood as a gover-
ness ; for which situation the plaintiff educated her
in all the usual accomplishments, and endeavoured
to procure her a situation ; but just at the time an
offer of marriage was made to her by the defendant,
which she accepted, and became his wile. It was
for the board and education supplied since 1626
(the Statute of Limitations preventing any further
demand), that the action was brought, and it was
contended on the part of the plaintiff, that although
there had been no contract with the young lady in
the first instance, yet, after her guardians ceased to
send the remittances, and she turned her attention
to the situation of governess, there was an implied
promise raised by law that made her liable to pay,
though a minor, for necessaries and for an educa-
tion suitable to her station in life—which implied
prom►se, of course, at►ached to her husband. On
the part of the defendants no objection was made
to the charges made by the plaintiff—they were
allowed to be fair and reasonable, but the question
was, had Miss Poison, before her marriage, been
liable to the debt which had originally resulted from
a contract entered into by her parents and guardians.
The Jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff—
Damages 1561.

MEETING AT THE CROWN AND

ANCHOR.

(Concluded from The Sun of yesterday.)

Mr. WYSE, M.P., proposed a vote of thanks to
the high-spirited and patriotic men in the various
Assemblies of Bavaria, Wiltemberg, Hanover, &c.,
who had resisted the decree of ti7e Diet. The struggle
between slavery awl ignorance on one side, and
knowledge, wisdom, and liberty on the other, was
the subject of this meeting. During the domina-
tion of Napoleon, the nations of Europe had been
brought to the contest by promises, that " when the
battle was done" they should obtain constitutions
fitted to their wants. These promises were shame-
fully violated. The Southern States of Europe,
Spain, Portugal, Naples, Piedmont, rose for liberty,
but fell successively under the power of the Holy
Alliance, until a general night overspread the Con:
tinent. The hour of German spirit was come. The
speaker then conlenilied the violation of the en-
gagements made at the Congress at Vienna, and
expressed himself confidently as to the ultimate
triumph of German freedom.—(Cheers.)

The Rev. Mr. Fox seconded 'the resolution.

M. BACH, as a native of Germany, could not ade-
quately describe the joy he felt at witnessing the
spontaneous expression of indignation called forth by
this murder of the rights of his country. Who that
saw a population of 32,000,000,—men who sought
no violent revolutions,—who never shed the blood
of their princes,—who had always been obedient to
the laws, and faithful to every thing that could ad-
vance the interests of their country,—who, seeing
all thi-, could believe that their own princes would
sign an order for the assassination of their liberties ?
—(Cheers.). The rights of Germany did not (late
from 1815 ; they were as old as the day that his
countrymen emerged from the forest, and these were
now about to be overturned by taking away the only
arms that remained for their defence--the power of
refusing supplies. What did they want ? No
more than this—that their money should not be at
the sport of the few men who govern,—that their
arses should not be at the unlimited disposal of an
oligarchy.—(Hear, hear.) The first act of the con-
federated despots of the continent was the destruc-
tion of Poland; the second was the annihilation of
German liberty ; the third would be a❑ attack on
France; and if that should succeed, the fourth would
be directed against this country, and would
be a hundred-fold more deadly than the enmity
of Napoleon, for it would be aimed not at
the commerce of England, but at the consti-
tution which freedom and knowledge had produced.
—(Cheers.) The German Confederation was not truly
named. It was not in constitution or spirit German.
It was formed by 30 Princes and four free towns;
of these Princes five had an European interest. The
Emperor of Austria, for instance, had 32,000,000 of
subjects, of whom not mole than 10 million or 12
million were German. Of the subjects of Prussia,
about eight million were German. The King of
Denmark was a German Prince only in right of the
Duchy of Holstein ; the King of Holland, through
the medium of Luxemburg; and to show how little
community of feeling the latter had with G,rmany,
it was merely necessary to mention, that it was with
the utmost difficulty, and at the last moment, that
he consented to the opening of the Rhine. The
fifth power was Hanover, but would to God that
the same relation subs:sted between the other
Powers and Germany as existed between her arid
England.—(Cheers.) The people of Germany re-
quired nothing but justice, and they defied the world
to show that they had received justice at the hands
of the Confederation. Their complaints had uni-
formly been dismissed with contemp-. When the
King of Denmark had reduced the inhabitants of
Holstein to the same state of despotic dominion as
those of Denmark, the Nobles (not the democracy)
twice petitioned the Confederation for redress, and
twice their petition was rejected with scorn.—
(Cries of " Hear.") When the inhabitants of
Brunswick petitioned against the Duke whose acts
would almost put Constantine to the blush, their
complaints were dismissed with the same contempt.
—(Heer, hear.) He (Mr. Bach) could give several
,ther instances, were it not disgusting to his feel-
ings to detail them. The people of Germany were
not represented in the Confederation. It was ruled
by the envoys of a few Powers, its deliberations
were secret, and nothing was published but what
hey pleased to send forth to the world. Still Ger-
mans did not desire the abolition of the Confedera-
tion—they did not aim at any unity of power, they
'imply desired that the Confederation should not
attempt to enslave Germany, to reduce it to the
level of Russian despotism, and fling it under the
wheels of the northern juggernatt.—(Cheers.) Let
not the meeting think that they could oppose any
effectual resistance to the arrayed force against them.
it was impossible for them to resist 500,000 Prus-
sians and Austrians, backed by 300,000 or 400,000
Russians. Nevertheless, whatever might be the
result of the present measures, he did not despair.
M. Bach sat down amidst loud cheering.
The resolution then passed unanimously, thanks
.vrre voted to the Chairman, and the meeting
separated.

Why, then, does the Opposition make us the
above reproach ? Because we loudly condemned
the popular meetings which have taken place in
Germany—to condemn a meeting is a crime in
the eyes of the Opposition. Whoever disap-
proves of the fete at Hambach, approves of,
says the Opposition, the declaration of Frank-
fort. This way of arguing is quite similar to
another equally employed by the Opposition :
You do not like the Republicans, ergo you are
Carlists. We here claim our title of juste milieu,
and we say we do not like the republicans ; but
our affection for the Carlists is not greater than
for them. And, in the same way, in Germany,
we do notlike the demagogic teutonism of Ham-
; but we are equally averse to the policy of
the Diet at Frankfort. What we like is the
middle, between the extremes; in France mo-
narchy and the dynasty of July—i. e. a liberal
monarchy, owing its origin to the consent of the
nation ; in Germany, the representative constitu-
tions of Baden, Bavaria, and Wirtemberg.
We belong, in our external as well as our in-
ternal policy, to the " absurd milieu ;" this is
the name which has been given us by the polite-
ness of some demagogue bel esprit. We neither
like the licentiousness of democracy, nor the rigour
of despotism, neither Hambach nor Frankfort ;
we do not consider ourselves obliged to convert
by arms whoever is not of our opinion. At
home we repress republican revolt and Carlism,
but we do not go and perform police in other
countries. Let every man's affairs occupy his
own attention. Once more, we loudly condemn
the declaration of Frankfort ; it deprives Ger-
many of rights paid for witk German blood, and
with its purest blood, in 1813. But are we to
pay with our blood the rights claimed by Ger-
many ? This is the question.
Another interpretation :—" We desire, it is
said, a counter-revolution in Germany, prior to
its being attempted in France." Our answer
will be quite plain : we have nothing to desire in
Germany, for we possess in Germany neither
right of sovereignty nor right of patronage.—
The treaties 1814 and 1815 have deprived us
of our influence in Germany, and that to the
great joy of the Germans at that period. We
have no power in Germany ; what desire can we
then have there ? Do you mean our wishes ;
they are all in favour of the constitutional liber-
ties of Baden, Bavaria, and Wirtemberg ; they
are all against the uniformity of despotism
which the Diet at Frankfort is introducing on
the other side of the Rhine. These are our
wishes. But what are wishes in politics ?
Tell us what hold have we in Germany ? Tell
us what right of intervention we can claim ? Are
we guarantees of the German Confederation ?
Are we a party in it like as England is ? No.
Then it is to England that belongs the right of
interfering. We have then no right nor hold
in the Confederation but war. It is then war
which is on the carpet ; are we desirous of mak-
ing it ?
We neither desire to make it on all occasions,
nor to avoid it at any price. We consequently
say War, should the independence of Germany
he violated,—War, should any German nationals
disappear. But, it these be merely internal dis-
turbances, we cannot be a party against such and
such measures that the Diet will adopt : we are
only, in such a case, to carefully inspect the exe-
cution of these measures, so that the indepen-
dence of no German State should perish in the
struggle of liberty against despotism. Once
more, then, War, should there be usurpation and
conquest—attentive and jealous observation,
should there be an armed intervention, to pre-
vent the intervention from becoming a conquest.
The question of Germany is but a new aspect
of the question between the war of principles
and the war of interests, which has been in agi-
tation between Government and the Opposition
for two, years. The Opposition wishes for a
crusade in the name of Waterloo and of liberty
—a war of sentiment and of principle. Go-
vernment is for a war of interest—a war not
concerning the past, but the present—not to
avenge our old defeats, but to defend our
interests.

What can give rise to a war of interests ?
Our neighbourhoods changed. Should a Ger.
man state be confiscated to the profit of another,
it will be our interest to prevent it. Then war
will be just and reasonable.
not tlnle Giermany we only know Princes—we know
people. The States are outwardly re-
presented by the Princes ; consequently, it is
to them that we have to direct our attention.
Should a Prince lose his States, it would be a
reason for war between France and the Diet ;
should the Diet oppress the Press of the Tri-
bune, it would be a reason for insurrection be-
tween Germans and the Diet.
To become acquainted with the people of
Germany, it is necessary to enter into the details
of Constitutions—it is necessary to observe
whether the Prince who obeys the Diet does
not act wrong by so doing, and whether his sub-
jects are not in the right in refusing to obey ;
all this may be true, but does not concern us, as it
takes place in foreign parts, unless we be decided
to perform the police general of Europe. In

O'CONNOR DON presented a petition from a parish
in the county of Roscoutmon, against the titbe system.
Mr. WALKER presented two simil it petitions from
parishes in the county of Wexford, and one from a parish
in Carlow.

Mr. THICKNESSE presented petitions from the dis-
senting congregations of two chapels in Liverpool in
favour of the plan of national education in Ireland
They were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKS presented a petition from the Mayor, De•
puty Recorder, Magistrates and Clergymen of Newport,
in the Isle of Wight, praying for an alteration of the 10th
Geo. IV. chap. 56, relative to friendly societies, particu-
larly as regarded an extension of the period of enrolment.
Mr. BURGE moved for certain returns of the number
of slaves on the 12 principal estates in the island of Jct..
mica, specifying the ages, the proportions of Africans
and Creoles, the numbers of e-tch sex, and the increase or
decrease within a certain number of years.
Lord HOWICK did not rise to object to the motion if
the Hon. Member pressed it, because he thought that every
document which went to show the cause of any increase or
decrease in the slave population was of importance ; he
suggested, however, that that object could not be answered
by moving for the Returns in such a form—indeed, he
much doubted whether it was practicatile to make out
the returns in conformity with the motion.
Mr. BURGE had not prepared that particular form
without making himself acquainted with the subject, and
he knew that the return could be so made best. His ob-
ject was to show that the decrease in the slave population
was not attributable to the cause which it was supposed
by a very numerous class to be.
Sir A. AGNEW presented a petition from Worcester,
praying the House to institute laws for the better observ-
ance of the Lord's Thy. Also a petition from Glasgow,
against the Government p'an of education in Ireland.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL brought up returns of
the Judges and other officers connected with the Court.
Mr. S. RICE obtained leave to bring in a Bill for the
compensation of coal meters, which was read a first, and
ordered to be read a second time to-morrow. The Right
Hon. Gentleman also moved returns relative to the coal
meters of Dublin, which the Right Hon. Member aft-r-
-wards brought up.
On the motion of Mr. S. RICE, the Taxed Carts Bill,
the Charitable Institutions (Ireland) Bill, and the Pri-
soners Removal (Ireland) Bill, were read a third time, and
passed.
The Glass Duties Acts went through Committee, the
report brought up, and the resolution agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. SPRING RICE, the Lunatics
Commission Bill passed through Committee, was reported to
the House, and ordered to be taken into further considera-
tion on Monday.

Mr. MOREJO'FERRELL brought up the report of the
Committee on the Turnpike Tolls (Ireland) Bill.
On the motion of Mr. SPRING RICE, the report on
the Registry Deeds (Ireland) Bill was brought up, and
the Bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.
Mr. SPRING RICE obtained leave to bring in a Bill
for auditing the public accounts of Ireland. The Right
Hon. Gentleman also moved for leave to bring in a Bill
to extend the privilege of franking to the clerks of the
House of L.,rds, and also to allow them to receive com-
munications on public business free of postage; the pri-
vilege was to some extent allowed as a matter of course,
but it was necessary, in order to snake it legal, that it
should be sanctioned by an Act of that House.
Mr. CRESSET PELHAM opposed the motion. The
revenue would be greatly benefited if the privilege of
franking was reduced in place of being extended.
Sir CHARLES BULLER said the object of franking
was both for the convenience of the Member and his con-
stituents. It would be hard upon them to have such a
heavy tax levied upon them when corresponding on pub-
lic affairs.

Mr. SPRING RICE said the Hon. Member had put
thg case in two views, but there was another one to be
taken which would surprise the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. C.
Pelham); it had been ascertained that the privilege of
franking actually increased the revenue, for the experiment
had been tried at the time of a general election. He ac-
counted for it in this way, in nine cases out of ten, a frank
given to a friend produced a letter which paid postage.
Leave was then given, and the Bill ordered to be
brought in.
Sir F. BURDETT said that he wished to mention a
case which was of some importance at the present mo-
ment, vis., the state of the sewers in the town. He would
propose that Mr. Telford be instructed to inspect and re-
port upon all the sewers in the town—the subject was
connected with the one he was now employed upon, the
supply of water to the metropolis, so that it would cause
no expense.

Mr. SPRING RICE was rather taken by surprise—he
hoped the Hon. Baronet would give a notice on the subject.
Sir F. BURDETT would bring on the case on a
future day.
Mr. RUTHVEN brought up the Report on the Post-
roads (Ireland) Bill. The amendments were read a
second time, and the Bill ordered to be read a third time
to-morrow.

On the motion of Mr. SPRING RICE the Report of
the Committee of Supply was brought up.
The resolutions of the Committee of Supply were seve-
rally put from the chair and agreed to.
UPPER CANADA.
Mr. HTTME said be had a petition from Upper Canada,
signed by 10,000 persons, and agreed to at a public meet-
ing held at York on the 19. h January, containing various
complaints of the mode of governing that colony. H.
was happy to state that he believed the Colonial Depart.
resent were now engaged in considering the prayer of a
memorial addressed to the King, from Canada, containing
the same complaints, and from what he knew of Lord
Goderich, he had no doubt that the grievances would be
rectified. The petitioners complained that they did not
enjoy the advantages of the constitution, granted them by
the Act of 1792. They prayed fur a Reform in the represen-
tation, stating that they had no confidence in their legislative
Assembly, the Members of which were appointed by the
C
t
armdo
Among thane
satehnded
satuuht,e,jsye,c%c,thos
cip)
whichl
ma i naet
ed ri tal
theyli lytmitenhnjetuilroemndepdtehraei
their
necessaryP arl
itn
commerce.nt
s
o
be relieved from was the monopoly of the East India
Company.
After a few words from Mr. C. PELHAM and Mr.
Buttes, the petition was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME presented two petitions from the members
of the National Political Union, praying for the abolition
of the punishment of death, and also of the punishment of
flogging in the army and navy. The lion. Member gave
notice that nest Tuesday he would move for certain docu-
ments respecting the government of Canada.
Mr. G. PIGO TT rose, pursuant to notice, to move for
a copy of the award of the King of the Netherlands re-
