BRISTOL VOLUNTEERS.

Subsequent to His Royal Highness the Dust of
CumUltitt.AllD and Staff attending All! inisilerViCe
at Bristol Cathedral, on Sunday, anti Immediarety
after his Royal Highness .had inspeded the Rev.
itielits of Militia and Volunteers drawn up in
Queen's.square the Officers of the different Regi.
ments formed a circle round his Royal. Highness,
in the mine of the square, when Colonel BAILLIe
delivered the following Address

" Allow me, Sir, to avail myself of the present opportu.
laity of conveying to your Royal Highness, the sincere thanks
and acknowledgments of the Royal Bristol Regiment of Vo-
lunteer Infantry. for that condescending and milted attn..
tion which 'you have been pleased to confer tin the Associa-
tion, *ince they have had the honour and happiness of being
placed anklet your Royal Highness's command ; and as you
will moat probably be soon in the Royal Presence, permit
me to request, ,iII the name of this Regiment, that you will
he pleated to give our most beloved Sovereign, the strongest
assuranceof the loyalty and attachment of that body of men*
who have assumed their present eltaraders under your Royal
Highness's auspices •, and likewise their determined' resole.
tion of rallying at all times of danger, with promptitude, in
defence of his most Sacred Person, in suvpoit of those Laws
41iich he so benignly administers to all subjeas, and in
support of that happy Constitution and .Government, which
now remain as objeels of admiration anti envy to all the sur.
rounding natious. Permit me, Sir, to add, that Wally thing
could be necessary to stimulate my Fellow Soldiers to more
than common exertions in defence of these iacred objeds, it
most bee constant rscolladtion of that distinguished honour
conferred on them, in havipg those necessary badges or mili.
tary honour and distindion confided to their care and protec.
drat bi the hat el of an I lUSIrIOIII Prince, desdended from
that Family who must ever be dear to all the native of these
United Kingdoms, and who, we'
all most fetvently pray,
may continue to wield the Sceptre of these Realms Until time
shall be no more. Learning, Sir, that His Majesty has been
graciously pleated to call for your services in a district most
probably of more importance than the Banks of the Severn,
and where the danger no doubt is greater than it is supposed
tp be at this point, allow me to assure your Royal lliginiess,
that witereeVer you are, you carry with you the love, attach.
omit; and gratitude or the Royal Bristol Volunteers; and I
think I can with confidence say, that you are equally posses.
stator the esteem and admiration of all the inhabitants of this
ancient, loyal. anti populous City.
" I shall not detain your Royal Highness any longer, scan.
aibleOf the importance of your time to the public service,
atittfisttoring myself that the few sentiments i have pre-
sumed to otk.r, being the language of sincerity anti truth,
from the mouth of an old soldier and servant ot•His Majesty,
will not be unacceptable to a British Prince, the sou of our
beloved King."

To which his Royal Highness was pleased to re.
ply, ,that he retained the highest respee for the
Royal Bristol Volunteers, for their loyalty and at-
tachment to His Majesty's Person and Government :
as also for their stria 'attention to the duties to
which they were enjuinea; and that he would take
the earliest opport6nity of presenting the same to
Hts.MA) MY. He thanked them in the most cos.
dial manner, for the peculiar roped and attachment
they had shewn him during his residence among
them ; and that it gave him particular pleasure i►►
saying, that they were the first Regiment of Pallas.
leers 'which 'took to permanent dNlji :which duty
they performed with that firmness and pod behavi.
our that reßeeted the highest honour on themselves,
and to his utmost satisfaction.

eUBEN ELIZABETIPs PRAYER
.tOlt
THE SUCCESS► OF HER ARMS.

Mon Omnipotent Maker and Guider of all this
World% mass t that ohne searchest sod fathornost
the ',Odom of all hearts, and in them seest the true
original Platt atftions intended. Thou; that by thy
foresight doss truly discern, how no malice of re.
venge, nor quittance of injury, nor device of blood.
shed, nor greediness of lucre, held) bred the resole.
don of our new Candied Army ; but a heedful care
and a wary watch, that no neglett of foe', nor over.
surety of harm, might breed either danger to us, or
glory to them. We 'crave, with bowed knees and
hearts of humility, thy large band of helping power
to assist our just cause ; not toundfil on, pride's'
motion, nor begun on malice stock, but (As thou
best kiinwest to whom rioughr is hid) grounded on
just defence from wrongs, from bate, and bloody
desires of conquest.

These being the grounds, 0 God I (of our pre.
lent warfare) since thou bast imparted means to
defend that which thou hat given, we humbly be.
steal thee, with blended knees, to prosper the
work, speed the journey, give the vidory, and
make the return---the advancement of thy glory,
the triumph of thy faMe, and surety of the Realm,
with the least loss of English blood, to such as
despise their lives for their country's good, in a
good cause ; that all foreign lands may laud and
admits the omniporency of the work for Thee only
to perform. So shall thy name he spread, for won.
tiers wrought, and the faithful encouraged to repose
in thy unfellowed grace ; and we he enchained in
thy bond fur perpetual slavery, anti live anti die the
sacrificers of our souls, for such obtained favour.
To these devout petitions, Lord, give thy blessed
grant.--it ;nen.

SPORTING IIVTAILIG BNCB.

NEWMARKET SECOND OCTOBER MEETING.

THURAPAY, OCT. 20.

The Town Plate of Sol. for 3-yr olds, Tit. 41b. 4.yr olds,
list. 41b. s-yr olds, list. s ilb. 6-y t olds, 9sr. s lb. And agod
9ss. 41b, T. M. M. B. C.
Mr, Howard's, ch. h. Crecper,, 4 yrs old s
Sir C. llunbury is b. r. Paine's, 3 yrs old 4.. 2
Seven to 4 on Creeper.

A Subscription Plate of sot. for 3 and 4.yr olds. Across the
Flat. 1 hret-yr OidSs C.ttfyiAZ 74t. 401 b. and 4.yir olds, Va.
1011. - -

ntili.cot. Grafton's b. f. Parasol, 3 yrs old
Sir C. Busibury's b. lt. Orlando, 4 yrs old
Ld Grosvenor's ch..h. Northampton, 4 yr. old
Mr. Cuventry's ch. 1. Laura, 3 yr* otti ..
Six to 4 aul'arasol.

a
dr
dr

The Second Class of the October Oatlands Stakes. R. M.
Lord Sackville's Whirligigs 5 yrs old. /st. Ic4b,.
Sir C. Bunbury's OriatulQ, 4 Yr 3 914104 t. 31b. . 2
SIT E, Standish's Eagle, Wile tat. 7111. • 3
Lord Grosvenor's Northampton, 4 In old. ist. 71k. 4
Mr. Dolma Itadelitto's Robelt 4fied, list. 'Jib.
Mr. Coventry's Laura, 3 yrs oitt, Est. scab. 6
Seven to 4 ago. Whirligig-7 to t asst. Orlando-3 to I
asst. Eagle—and 8 to t asst. Northampton.
Lord G. H. Cavendish's Trawhoe, Mr. Ladbrokes
Geagiana, Mr. Wawa's Gaoler, Mr. Howarth's Haw.
beau, awl Lord F. 0, Osborns's Gulliver, paid forreet, Ross.
eitUit.

Mr. Wils,m's Surprise, Lt. ret. ft. frtnu Mt,thrworth's
PoPilliAY, 40. 8114. Across the film, aooge. h. ft,
