LITERATURE.

PAUL CLIFFORD. THREE VOLS. LONDON, 1830.
The hero of this tale is a very promising
young footpad, whose real name is Brandon)
but who is also blessed with a luxuriant variety
of aliases, which the contracted limits of our
columns prevent us from enumerating. He is
represented as a youth of unknown parentage, of
an ardent temperament, and of decided genius
in his profession ; daring in his conceptions,
brilliant in his execution of them, and much
looked up to by the gentlemen of the highway.
In the course of one of his country excursions,
when he has just concluded a scientific opera-
tion on the pockets of a clergyman, whose purse
had for some months previously exhibited con-
firmed symptoms of plethora, and who happens,
fortunately for the footpad, to be taking a quiet
evening walk on the high road, Brandon unex-
pectedly encounters a lovely girl, with whom he
at once falls in love, and who proves the ulti-
mate means of his reformation. This young lady,
by name Lucy, is much smitten with the dashing
graces of the Unknown, whom she meets a se-
cond time at Bath, where he figures as Captain
Paul Clifford of the Rife Brigade ; but having
been brought up in the solitude of a country vil-
lage, she has no means, by contrasting him with
others of his sex, of estimating him at his proper
worth. The consequence is, that despite the
remonstrances of friends, relations, and so forth,
she persists in adoring him. He, however, is
far too generous to take advantage of her inex-
perience, and, after some vague hints as to the
nature of his profession, he determines upon
leaving her and the highway together. But unfor-
tunately before he can put his plans of reform into
execution, he is taken up for having made a mistake
with the pocket-book and snuff-box of a certain
Lord Mau leverer, is sentenced to transportation for
seven years, and just previous to his departure
has the satisfaction of discovering—and this in•
cident, we may observe by the way, is taken
from the " Nature and Art " of Mrs. Inchbald
—that the legal adventurer (Sir Wm. Brandon)
rho condemns him, is his own father. This,
however,—the Judge having died from vexation
immediately on the discovery—makes no altera-
tion in the prospects of our interesting felon,
who, after a stay of some ten or twelve months
in the place of his exile, finds means to return
to England, to espouse Lucy, who turns out to
be his cousin, and subsequently to reach America,
where he lives for years with his wife and family
in comfort, if not in affluence, beloved by his
friends, and respected by all his neighbours.
The moral of this tale is obvious. It is, that
to reform is better than to punish, that, in short,
—to quote the words of John Wilkes—" the
very worst use to which you can put a man is
to hang him." We agree toto ccelo with the
position, but think that in working it out, the
author has placed his criminal in too favourable
a light. He has not argued his point impar-
tially. He has conceded too much to senti-
ment, and too little to justice. His hero,
though a highwayman, is represented as endowed
with so many fine qualities ; he has so much
frankness, generosity, wit, and chivalry of na-
ture ; he is so young, so handsome, so accom-
plished ; he prigs a purse with such an air ; he
presents a pistol with such an aristocratic
sublimity of countenance ; he dances so
sweetly, sings so divinely, and reasons so
logically ; that the reader is led imperceptibly to
overlook his little eccentricities on the highway,
and come to the conclusion with poor Lucy,
that it is monstrous to hang so finished a gentle-
man. Now this is not setting the question in
its proper light. Mr. Bulwer's highwayman
should not be an ideal personage ; his offences
against society should not be shrined in a rich
and purple atmosphere of sentiment, that neces-
sarily softens off and mellows their more glaring
and offensive characteristics ; they should be
pourtrayed just as they exist in real life, and the
man himself be the creature of fact not fiction.
No highwayman ever yet resembled Paul Clif-
ford ; he cannot possibly be taken as a repre-
sentative of his class ; hence his crimes and his
misfortunes can furnish no just food for invective
against the impolicy of our criminal code.
Another defect in the tale is its want of keeping.
The first volume is full of irony, anachronisms,
and allegorical satire. There is little or no at-
tempt made to pourtray real life, or keep up
the consistency of narratives The two last vo-
lumes, on the contrary, depict with inimitable
correctness the world of the present day, and are
stamped with passion, earnestness, and truth.
To produce a due effect the author should have
avoided this strange jumble of fact and fancy,
of serious truth and downright caricature. He
should throughout have continued, what ap-
pears to us to have been his original de-
sign, namely, to lash the vices of the age
under the mask of allegory, or he should never
have attempted it at all. At present his
volumes have a motley piebald character. Their
continuity is broken, and the pungency of their
moral is thereby considerably weakened. The
allegorical blends but awkwardly with the real
incidents of the tale,—like the political tenets
of the Solicitor-General for Ireland with the

reserved and bashful patriotism of the Hon.
Member for Clare.

But we gladly turn to the more favourable
characteristics of " Paul Clifford." The lan-
guage throughout is admirable, rising in some
places to a degree of passionate eloquence,
which reminds us of the more stirring scenes in
Caleb Williams." The wit, though pungent,
is refined ; artificial for the most part, like Con-
greve's, but well adapted to its subject. The
characters are drawn with consummate skill.
Sir William Brandon is a hero worthy of the
nervous author of Anastasius. None but a
writer of vigorous and original powers of think-
ing could have produced so masterly a portrait-
The trial scene, wherein he condemns his own
son to transportation, is as impressive a thing of
the sort as we ever remember to have perused.
With regard to Lord Mauleverer, he is a various
reading of Lord Guloseton ; but nevertheless
abounds in arch quiet traits of truth and nature.
Mr. Asgrave, the banker, with his " bald bene-
volent forehead," which, when the rascal fails,
procures him a public subscription, as also an ex-
pression of regret from the hundreds whom he
has ruined, that so good, so moral a man should
have met with reverses, is another equally felici-
tous sketch. Nor must we omit that eminent
and estimable personage Mr. A ugustui Toinlir-
son, whose various reasonings on the moral vir-
tues of a highwayman are specimens of the most
cutting, dexterous, and effective irony. But
it is in his satirical portraits of fashionable life

that Mr. Bulwer is most successful. He sneers
at the trebly-refined selfishness of the beau
monde in a gay, as well as in an earnest spirit;
at one time with the archness of a Voltaire, and
at another with the caustic venom of a Swift.
With regard to his philosophy, it is .of a light,
sparkling, showy character, the result of atten-
tive, though not perhaps very profound reading,
a quick faculty of observation, and a gay, elastic
temperament. If Mercutio had ever conde-
scended to turn author, he would doubtless have
written such novels as Pelham, and the one
before us. We should be glad to see Mr. Bul-
wer attempt a volume of essays. He would
beat a dozen Dr. Knox's, and at least ten dozen
such old women as Dr. Blair. As a specimen
of his satirical powers we subjoin the following
extract, with which we must conclude our notice.
It is severe, but true to nature :
" Meanwhile, Lord Mauleverer, with six friends, was
impatiently awaiting the arrival of the seventh gust.
" Our august friend tarries !' quoth the Bishop of
, with his hands folded across his capacious stomach.
I fear the turbot your Lordship spoke of may not be
the better for the length of the trial.'
" Poor fellow !' said the Earl of , slightly

y awning.
" < Whom do you mean?' asked Mauleverer with a
smile. ' The Bishop, the Judge, or the turbot !'
44 Not one of the three, Mauleverer,—l spoke of the
prisoner.'
" Ah, the fine dog ! I forgot him,' said Mauleverer.
" ' Really, now you mention him, I must confess that he
inspire+ me with great compassion; but, indeed, it is very
wrong in him to keep the Judge so long !'
" Those hardened wretches have such a great deal to
say,' mumbled the Bishop sourly.
" True!' said Mauleverer ; a religious rogue
would have had some bowels for the state of the church
esurient !'

" Is it really true, Mauleverer,' asked the Earl of
that Brandon is to he Chancellor of the Ex.
chequer—very unusual in his station, is it not?'
" Mansfield's a precedent, I fancy said Mauleverer.
' God ! how hungry I am !'
" A groan from the Bishop echoed the complaint.
" ' I suppose it would be against all decorum to sii
down to dinner without him ?' said Lord

"' Why, really, I fear so,' returned Mauleverer.
But our health—our health is at stake : we will only
wait five minutes more. By Jove, there's the carriage !
I beg your pardon for my heathen oath, my Lord Bishop.'
" I forgive you!' said the good Bishop, smiling.
" The party thus engaged in colloquy were stationed at
a window opening on the gravel read, along which the
Judge's carriage was now seen rapidly approaching ; this
window was but a few yards from the porch, and had been
partially opened for the better reconnoitring the approach
of the expected guest.
"6 He keeps the blinds down still ! Absence of mind,
or shame at unpunctuality—which is the cause, Maule-
verer?' said one of the party.
" Not shame, I tear !' answered Mauleverer.
Even the indecent immorality of delaying our dinner
could scarcely bring a blush to the parchment skin of nay
learned friend.' .

" Here the carriage stopped at the porch; the carriage-
door was opened.
" ' There seems a strange delay,' said Mauleverer
peevishly, ' Why does not he get out?'
" As he spoke, a murmur among the attendants, who
appeared somewhat strangely to crowd around the carriage,
smote the ears of the party.
" What do they say ?—What ?' said Mauleverer,
putting his hand to his ear.
" The Bishop answered hastily ; and Maultverer, as he
heard the reply, forgot for once his susceptibility to cold,
and hurried out to the carriage-door."

LEVI AND SARAH,—LoxnoN, 1850.

There is much just, and even forcible de-
scription of the manners, habits, peculiarities, &c.
of the Polish Jews in this love-tale (if so we
may term it), which is a translation from the
German edition, which again is a translation
from the Polish of Julius Ursinus Niemcewicz.
The story is introduced with a brief and highly
interesting memoir of the author, who was a
bosom friend of the immortal patriot, Zoscuisko,
and now lives in honourable retirement at Warsaw.

MEDICAL AND ECONOMICAL ADVICE.
LONDON, IS3O.

This little treatise, which is the production
of Dr. Stevenson, treats of the best modes of
preparing and making use of tea, coffee, choco-
late, wines, and malt liquors. It is draw❑ up
with judgment and a due regard to brevity, and,
as its directions are simple and intelligible, we
do not hesitate to recommend them.

THE NEW FIRST CLASS BOOK. LoNnox, 1830

The selections in prose and verse for chil-
dren, in this volume, are admirable. They are
from the pens of the best authors in the Eng-
lish language, and, for the most part, on po-
pular, entertaining, and instructive subjects.
The great defect in the majority of these
elementary compilations is their dullness.
Children are compelled to wade through
subjects in which they can possibly feel no in-
terest, through the dry prosaic common- places
still duller versifications of that respectable man,
for instance of Blair, or the equally prosaic and
but intolerable poet, Dr. Watts. Here the case
is different. We have some of the finest
and most popular essays of Alison, the best
criticisms of Johnson, the most pleasing tales
of Washington Irving, Wilson, and Sterne ;
detached paragraphs from the Waverley Novels,

Etc

LONDON,
THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 20, 1830.

HIS MAJESTY'S HEALTH.

The following is the Bulletin issued this day :
" Windsor Castle, May 20.
" The KING has passed a good night. his MAJESTY'S
symptoms continue inure favourable.
(Signed) " HENRY HALFORD.
" M. J. TIERNEY."

The Lords of his MAJESTY'S Privy Council
were specially summoned to hold a meeting this
morning, to take into consideration a question
of very great importance connected with the
" Deccan prize money." Orders, however,
were unexpectedly given last night for the Coun-
cil to be postponed. The meeting had been ex-
pressly fixed for to-day, on account of its being
a dies non in the Courts of Law, which would
have given an opportunity to the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR and the CHIEF JUSTICE to have at-
tended the Council.

Brussels and Dutch Papers of yesterday's
date have been received this morning, from which
the following are extracts :

WARSAW, MAY 2.—PRIVATE CORRISPDXDINCE.—
Our Diet is convoked for the 28th. We do not know
whether the Russian Government intends to grant some
of our wishes. In spite of the promises of the Emperor
Alexander, the liberty of the Press in Poland has now
been suspended for nearly 11 years. What we now
urgently desire is the publicity of the debates of tke two
Chambers, this vital right of a Representative Assembly
is secured to us by Article 95 of the Constitutional Char-
ter, but it was observed that Deputies sitting in the Coun-
cil of State, where they appeared without saying a word on
the projects of the Government, ofte❑ voted against the
very same projects when they had to give their opinions
in public. To obviate this inconvenience an arbitrary
decree of Feb. 13, 1825, abolished all publicity.
Last year at the time of the coronation of the Emperor
Nichats, sonic Deputies assembled at Warsaw, had pre-
pared an address in which they required-
1. The convocation of a Diet which had been delayed
for two years, notwithstanding the text of the charter.
2. The publicity of the debates.
Out of 120 Deputies only 31, signed it. The petition
therefore could not be presented in the name of the Diet,
but the 16 Deputies of the Palatinate of Kalesch took it
up, and presented a petition to the same effect to the Em..
perot.in the name of their constituents.

This courageous step rendered the Deputies of the Pa-
latinate of Kalesch still more odious to the Government.
Ever since 1815 that province has never ceased to be the
bulwark of liberty—the most ardent focus of Polish
patriotism ; it is consequently the object of all the ven-
geance of those in power.
IlitussEl.s, MAY 16.—Messrs. Clans and Neervoost are
still in solitary confinement.
The Arniteim Courant says it is reported that M. de la
Costs will resign, and that it is in contemplation to ap-
point for his successor M. Dubois (1,.! Ghessignies.
The First Chamber of the Stater General will be sum-
moned about the end of the week.

Among the emigrants now residing at Brussels, is M.
George Theocharopoolous of Patras, formerly professor
in different schools of the Peloponnesus and at Constanti-
nople, being in the service of the Hospodars of Wallachia
and Moldavia, as preceptor and author of several didactic

works in modern Greek, which have been translated iuto
French.

In the sitting of the Second Chamber on the 10th
May, when the Chamber passed to the Order of the Day
on the petition from Liege, sixteen Deputies of the
Northern Provinces weze absent, fwe of whom are for
the province of Liege. M. Gerlashe alone was at his
post to sapport the demands of his most distinguished
constituents.

BERLIN, MAY 6.—For several days we have lead
certain information that Prince Leopold of Saxe Coburg
has renounced the honour of placing himself on the list
of European Sovereigns by accepting the throne of
Greece, because the Plenipotentiaries of the Allied Powers
did not think themselves authorised tocomply with the docu-
ments subsequently brought forward by him. His re-
ceding from the obligations which he had taken upon him
in supplement B to the Protocol of 20th February, is
chiefly owing to the refusal of the pecuniary aid which
he required. The competitors for the Greek throne have
now therefore a new prospect opened to them for the
gratification of their wishes. Several candidates will
undoubtedly take advantage of the favourable opportunity,
and endeavour to step into the place of Prince Leopold.
It were, however, to be wished that, before proceeding
to a new choice, the conditions upon which the person
chosen would have to take upon him the new dignity, as
well as the means which will be at his command to fulfil
the expectations of the Ailed Powers and of his new
subjects, should be clearly defined and determined.
_ .

It is now clear that in the first choice too little
precaution was observed in this respect, since after
the acceptance of the sovereignty of Greece, there
still remained many points to be adjusted (as is
evident from the Londun Protocols of February, which
we have published,) and a disagreement o■ which points
has now led to the renunciation of Prince Leopold. The
many sacrifices that have already been made in the cause
of Greece, and which have hitherto not appeared too great
to the Allied Powers, ought, however, to let it be taken
for granted that the loan to be guaranteed would wholly
correspond with the wants of the new State. It is, there-
fore, the more surprising to see Prince Leopold, whose
zeal for the welfare of Greece was so highly extolled,
abandon a political career on which he had scarcely en-
tered, merely because he has not sufficient pecuniary re-
sources, though in the first conference with the Plenipo-
tentiaries of the three Powers in London, neither the views
of the Cabinets, nor the real situation of Greece could
remain so unknown to him as to oblige him in the sequel
to fix a certain price on the execution of the protocol, to the
terms of which he had complied. If on the one hand
this step is not flattering to a nation of the Govern-
ment, of which ke seems to be proud, it may serve
on the other hand to place in a brilliant light the civic
actions of Count Capo d'lstria, who, setting aside all per-
sonal considerations, looked only at the interest of his
country, when he hastened to Greece, under the most in-
auspicious
circumstances, and has, to this moment, proved
his patriotism on every occasion. The proclamation of '
thi independence of Greece depends now, therefore, en-
tirely on the new choice of a Greek Sovereign, as the
Poste has acceded to the Protocols of London. It is pro-
bable that a new choice will be immediately made. We
are very curious for the result, and see only two persons
who, by their personal qualifications and their wealth,
seem to be peculiarly calculated for this high dignity.
Letters from St. Petersburgh say, that the Emperor
has granted to the Porte an a')aternent of three millions of
ducats, and that every thing is now finally settled.
SECOND CHAMBER OF THE STATES GENERAL,
MAY 14, 15.

TUE HAGUE.—The debate on the proposed increase of
the duty of coffee was continued and concluded, the project
of law being adopted by a majority of 60 to 36.
MAY 17, 18.—The debate on the project of law for re-
straining the licentiousness of the press was commenced,
and continued during these two days.
HAMBURG, MAT 14.---We learn from Copenhagen,
that Simon Reliodoro Carneiro had arrived there as Charge
d'Affaires from Don Miguel, but has not been received,
and that no attention has been paid to him by any of the
foreign Ministers there, except the Spanish Ambassadors.

Upwards of fifteen hundred Acts of Parlia-
ment are said to have been repealed, that is,
about two-thirds of that number to have been
totally, and the remainder partially, repealed, by
the systematic consolidation of our statute law,
on the several subjects already taken up by the
Home Secretary, and the progressive repeal of
many more is expected to take place under the
same able guidance. The repeal of so many
Acts of Parliament serves at once to display the
indefatigable zeal of former Legislators in the
great work of law making, and the prurient
redundancy of their labours. If, however, the
laws enacted have been multitudinous, our Le-
gislators, at least at some periods, have evinced a
desire to avoid that error, though they have in
the attempt run into an opposite extreme, by
making some single Acts as multifarious in
their operation. Thus the Act 23d Geo. 11.,
cap. 26, might, without much impropriety, have
been intituled " An Act de omnibus rebus et
quibusdam aliis," as will appear from the title
in the, statute-book, which runs as follows :

" An Act to continue several Laws for the bettor re-
" gulating of Pilots for the conducting of ships and yes-
" eels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Mauer, up the
44 River Thames and Medway ;_and
" For permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar
44 Plantations to be landed before the duties of Excise are
44 paid thereon !—and
" To continue and amend an Act for preventing frauds
" in the Admeasurernent of Cools within the City and
" Liberty of Westminster, and several parishes near there-
" unto ! !._and

" To continue several Laws for preventing exactions of
" Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames
" Westward ; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Car-
" riage upon the said River ! ! !—and
" For the better Regulation and Government of Sea-
" men in the Merchants' Service ! ! ! !—and also

" To amend so much of an Act made in the first year
" of the reign of King George the First, as relates to the
" better Preservation of Salmon in the River Ribble" II
" —and

" To regulate Fees in Trials at Assizes and Nisi
" Prius, upon Records issuing out of the Office of the
" Pleas of the Court of Exchequer " "—and
" For the Apprehending of Persons in any County
" or Place upon warrants granted by Justices of the Peace
"in any ether County or Place' II I "—and
" To repeal so much of an Act made in the twelfth
" year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates
" to the time during which the Office of Excise is to be
" kept open each day, and to appoint for how long time
" the same shall be kept open upon each day fur the
" future "1"1" and

" To prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Tur-
" nips! I I I 11, ,--and moreover
" To amecd an Act made in the second year of his
" present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornics
" and Solicitors I I I I I I I I I I"

We know not whether the Act 23d GEo. II
cap. 26, is among the number already repealed,
but if not, we commend it to the especial notice
of the Right Hon. Secretary.

The numbers and respectability of the per-
sons who attended the late Meeting of the Anti-
Slavery Society, manifest a continuance of the
strong feeling which exists among the generality
of intelligent persons in this country, as to the
necessity of Parliament taking immediate steps
to rouse the Colonial Legislatures from their
neglect of the Resolutions of the House of Com-
mons already communicated to them. The West
Indian Houses of Assembly are bodies with
whom fair and soft words go but a little way,
and it is high time for Parliament to assume a
more peremptory tone towards them. It would
certainly be desirable that the gradual abolition
of slavery should take place, under the co-ope-
ration and assistance of the Colonial Legislatures,
but if these cannot be obtained, there seems no
other alternative than for Parliament to take the
matter into its own hands. Indeed, we think

that for this end the adoption of the principle 0
strenuously and so justly recommended by Mr'
OTWAY CAVE—that nil children born of slave
parents after 1830 be free—would attain the
desired object in a manner as natural as it would
be effective.

What was said by Mr. HUNT of the prefer'
ableneas of the condition of the Negroes over that
of the labouring part of our own population, may
be quite true so far as regards their food, clothing'
lodging, and other physical comforts. But this
is no reason against the removal of that moral
degradation, which ever has, and ever must,
accompany the deprivation of that freedom which
is the birthright of every living man, to whatso.
ever race he may happen to belong. If the
slaves have already many enjoyments, as under
good masters they assuredly have, can it be
justly contended on this account that they ought
not to be relisvad from that bitter cup of slavery
which they are condemned to drink in defiance
of all laws divine and human ? Mr. M:do
argument is indeed a pitiful piece of sophistry
to fall from the mouth of one of the " friends
of the people."

There is a portion of the public expenditure
connected with the Slave Trade, which we msY
here notice, as both unnecessary in itself and fal-
lacious in its object. We mean the annual isuln
voted for our co-operation with other couurries
in putting an end to this traffic, the expense 0f
which amounts to about 400,0001. a-year. It
appears from the Parliamentary Paper. that DO
less than 5,700,0001. has already been spent for
this end, whilst the Governments of France,
Spain, and Portugal, make no efforts whatever
to put down the traffic, and the authorities in
Cuba and Brazil not only neglect the executi°
of their duty, but are often actually engaged in
the Slave Trade themselves. Our treaties are
therefore mere waste paper, and as all account°
concur in stating the trade to be carried on with
unrelaxed activity, notwithstanding all the prises
taken, it is surely useless to continue lavishl
in vain 400,0001. a-year,—a sum which, if re-
mitted from the amount of our taxation, would
give important relief to several branches of in'
dustry at present inordinately burthened. We
recommend the CHANCELLOR of the EXCIW
QUER'S attention to this piece of econoUhl
which we think forthwith ought to be effected
though we must not be understood to be want-
ing in the feelings of shame with which the con-
duct of the Governments alluded to ought to be
regarded, nor in a sincere hope that Parliament
will speedily bring to an end the barbarous
helotage which has so long been the disgrace
and scandal of our West India Colonies.
