PpE,TRY.

STANZAS for the KING'S LANDING in SCOTLAND.
The eagle screams upon. Benmore,
The wild deer bound. 4 on Cheviot fell ;
Step boldly, KING, on Albyn's shore,
Son of her Lords, she greets thee well. •
The voice that bath been silehtiong,
Awakes to harbinger thy path ;
Once more she weaves the ancestral-song,
Once more 'tis " RIGH GU BRAT'S." •
•
From grey Dun Edin's castle crest,
Float, float, thou Royal Banner wide,
Gleam, gleam more radiant thari`the rest,
Dear emblem of old Albyn's pride !
Glow, ruddy lion, as of yore •
It was thy wont, on fields of wrath,
To brighten 'midst the kindling roar
Of Canmore's " RIMS GU BRAT'S."
Beam, beam, as when our hero's cry
Dissolved thy slumber of despair,
• And rais'd thee, sunlike from our sky
The cloud of slavery to scare. -
Aye—as from out the dark Torwood,
The stranger saw thy blazon shine,
When WAenacE steeped the folds in blood,
And flung them from the pine.
High sign ! as when the coming galley
Of BRUCE displayed thee o'er the prow, • -
_ And on indignant hill and valley,
Roused Carrick spear and Arran bow.
Beam now ;—or as, when calm and stem,
He fixed thee in yon sacred stone,
tteslung the mace for Bannockburn,
And bade the trump be blown. •
- No, sacred symbol, float as free—
As bright be thy majestic glance,—
. But gentle all thy splendour be.;
No terror tinge the cogtiizance !
• Beam softly, star of chivalry,
As when proud Windsor's exile came •
To bless, on Scottish tower and tree,
The welcome of thy flame.
Or beam, (but bar each worser omen,)
• As when the lillied bark drew nigh,
And courteous knights and stalwart yeomen
Knelt here—even heree'neath MaitY's eye.
The feudal rage, the zealot gloom,
That quencli'd the day of that fair morn,
Lie chained together in the tomb
Of unrelenting scorn.
Another dawn, I scarce may name,
Saw thee, for princely greeting, glow,
In evil hour a wanderer came,
For once thou wert the sign of woe ;
Yet then, even then, there was no shame
To stamp the stain of tears and blood, .
And generous memory mourns to blame
The errors of the good.
Float fairly from Dun Edin's brow,
Primeval pennon of his Fathers—
Nor tears nor blood shall stain thee now,— .
No gloom around thy blazon gathers.
From Saxon firm and fiery Gael, -
From moor and mart, from cot and hall,
One voice—one heart--goes forth', to hail - •
The KIN c.—the SIRE of All !
Though with the Scottish stream he met
The blood of Kings that were not mine,
Though D'EsTE and PLANTAUENET
Have blended with the BRUCE'S line,-
The spirit of departed time : .
Is in the song that meets thy path,
And lifts once more in Albyn's clinic
The shout of "RIGA cu BRATII."
The crown that circled BRUCE'S helm,
Once more the Douoiss'_hand shall raise;
The sword that rescued Bite CE'S realm
Be guarded by the DE LA HAYES.
The children of the heath and yew
Conic harnessed down from glen and strath,
Plant o'er their crests the White and Blue,
And swell the " RIGA Ull BRATH."
* The King for ever:-
