SEAFORTII ELECTION.

Colonel DAVIES brought up the Report of the Com-
mittee on this election, which declared Mr. Ellice, the sit-
ting Member, duly elected, but that the petition against his
return was neither frivolous or vexatious.
. .

Mr. DAWSON presented a return containing an ac-
count of the trade between Great Britain and China.
A new writ was ordered for the borough of Mi'bourne
Port, in the room of the Right Hon. Sturges Bourne,
who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.
Mr. HUGHES HUGHES presented a petition from
Manchester, praying for leave to build and endow churches
without leave of the diocesan.
Sir ROBERT BATESON presented a number of peti-
tions from places in Ireland against colonial slavery.
Mr. GUEST moved for a return of the number of
towns in Wales, containing, in the year 1821, ten thousand
inhabitants, and not now returning Members to Pallid-
men t. —Ordered.

Mr. DENISON presented a petition from the pa-
rish of St. Mary, Newington, which expressed tlse
petitioners' greatest gratitude to his Majesty's Mini-
sters for the plan of Reform which they had intro-
duced, sad they implored the House to pass the Bill,
as they were convinced that the measure had the entire
confidence and approbation of all classes. Ile fully con-
curred in the prayer of the petition. Since Friday last
he had had an opportunity of seeing a great number of his
constituents, and only one amongst them was opposed to
the plan of Reform ; and he merely thought it rather
too far.—(llear, hear.)—He (Mr. Denison) returned
sincere thanks to Ministers for their wise, manly, and just
conduct. Hon. Members on the opposite side of the House
might, perhaps, defeat the measure now, but as to defeat-
feating it in Coto, they might as well try to stop the
tides of the ocean.—(Hear, hear.)
An Hos. MEMBC/t, whose name we could not learn,
said he had a petition to present from the West Riding
of Yorkshire, expressing their approbation of the plan of
Reform. He had mentioned this, as it was pro-
bable he should not have an opportunity of pre.
serving the petition to the House. Honourable Me►n-
bers who opposed all plane of Reform, had done much to
bring the present measure forward. If they opposed
the present measure, he did not know how the Members
who represented such places as Gatton and Old Sarum
could ever think of offering themselves for a populous
town.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. BRISCOE could not let this opportunity pass
without offering his mite of gratitude to Ministers
for their plan of Reform. lf, as it had been stated,
any danger was likely to arise, the House would bear
in mind that the Bill would create 500,000 new electors,
who, should any danger be apprehended, would form
themselves into a National Guard.—(Hear.)
Mr. HART DAVIS said that he had received a
letter that morning from Bristol, from which he
thought the measure was not received with that
approbation which suss mentioned. He hoped, there-
fore, that Hon. Gentlemen would restrain their ardour
until the voice of the country was known.
Mr. WARBURTON said the town that he had the
honour to represent, although about to >a semi-disfran•
chised, bad entrusted him with a petition n which they

stated their belief that the measure was caleuleed to pro-
mote the interests of the country, and prayed the House
that it might pass into a law.

Mr. LABOUCHERE had also a petition to present
Item Taunton in favour of the measure. All classes in
that borough had received the plan with the greatest respect
and approbation.
The petition was then brought up, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHILLPOTTS presented a petition from a place in
Gloucestershire, signed by six Magistrates, and a great
praying no extension
tiiciesnso'fs.CTLdos, a new
Hear, hear.)
Innui
gn;h:nteir)
teohgfe r rale stii,
t,p)etedicottalob
y thein
tdhilev3iedi; uri
writ was ordered for the Borough of Hythe, in the room
of Sir Philip Sidney, who had accepted the Chiltern
Hundreds.
Sir T. ACKLAND presented a petition from a place
in Devonshire, praying fur Reform and vote by ballot.
Mr. BAILEY presented a petition from the Political
Union society of Bristol, praying for annual Parliaments,
vote by h diet, and universal suffrage.—( hear, hear.)
Mr. ADEANE presented a petition from Ely,
which stati d that the measure of Parliamentary,
Reform had been received with great delight in that
part of the country, and that the petitioners were con-
vinced if carried into a law, it would give security
to the town, and insure the confidence of the people
in that Hon. House. Now lie fully agreed in the
principle of the Bill which he thought sound, but at the
same time he must say he thought it went a little too far.
—( Hear, hear, hear.) Ile should not oppose the second
reading of the Bill, but if it did not undergo con-
siderable alterations in Committee, it would not be
in his power ultimately to support it.—(llear, hear.)
Sir C. BURRELL agreed with the Hon. Member who
spoke last as to the general principle of the measure, and
should vote for the second reading. But he should look
with great anxiety as to the provisions and alterations he
hoped to see made in Committe,.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY had to present a petition agreed
to at a meeting of friends of Reform at Newcastle. In
the course of a few hours the petition received more than
2,000 signatures.—(Hear, hear, hear.) The petitioners
entirely approved of the measures introduced
by Ministers, and expressed their opinion that it would
give :stability to tl.e throne aad confidence in the
House of Conitnons. The moreover stated, that
although Radical Reformers, so convinced were they of
the advantage of the plan, that they were willing to throw
aside vote by b allot, and were of the opinions which they
entertained.—(Hear.) He (Sir M. W. Ridley) thought,
however, with the Hon. Member that had lately
spoken that some alteration was required in the Bill to
make it a constitutional Reform.—( Hear.)
Sir C. FORBES—Nothing that had been said in the
House or out of the House should intimidate him from
doing his duty as an independent Member of Parlia-
ment. He should oppose the Bill ; it was radi-
cally bad.—(Loud cries of Hear, hear, hear.) The
Honourable Member for Preaton had said he would
take their plan, and thank Ministers for it, as it was
a stepping-stone for the people to get annual Parliaments
and universal suffrage. And until they got that,
they would never be satisfied. He (Sir C. Forbes) firmly
believed thJt such would be the case.
Mr. HOPE JOHNSON presented a petition from a
place in Statiordsliira, in favour of Reforms
Sir J. WROTTESLEY would take that opportunity of
informing tke House, that there was another class of peti-
tioners coming to town, expressing the gratitude of the coun
try for the measures proposed by Ministers. He should
not have an opportunity of presenting a petitition that was
entrusted to him. He would state that it was from the popu-
lous town of Wolverhampton. It was signed by more than
1,200 inhabitants, who exprossed their opinion that the
measure would give the greatest satisfaction to the country.
Colonel CHICHESTER presented two petitions from
from Wexford, praying for a repeal of the Union
Mr. O'CONNELL shortly supported the prayer of the.
petition.
TAXATION.

Lord G. SOMESET presented a petition from

Lord ALTHORP was understood to say (but the con-
fusion arising from the crowded state of the Gallery was so
Newport, praying for a reduction of taxation.
LORD ALTILORD said the alterationin the Stamps
would he made at the time he moved to consolidate
great, that it was impossible to catch correctly what fell
from the Noble Lord), that it was not the intention of Go-
vernment to propose any further reduction of the taxes.
The HON. 5111318 ER gave notice that it was his inten-
tion, when the proper time arrived, that the Newspaper
stamps should be reduced to a half-penny.—)Hear.)
Mr. BULLER said the country telt grateful for the re-
duction already proposed on Newspaper Stamps, and
hoped that Government would go as far as possible in the
reduction.

The St Duties put at same time, must pass before
that could be done, he thought that the reduction could
not take place before the sth of July.
REFORM MEETINGS, FOR THE PURPOSE OF
SUPPORTING HIS MAJESTY'S MINISTERS.

The Marquis of CHANDOS, on the order
of the day being moved that the House
do resume the debate on the Reform Bill, said
that he had leave from the Gallant Colonel who was in pos-
session of the House to bring before attention of the House
a subject highly deserving its attention before the gallant
Colonel proceeded with the debate. The duty he (the Noble
Marquis) felt he had to perform to the country called
npon him to bring forward this subject. It was a
matter of the deepest regret to him to find that
his Majesty's Ministers the friends of the question
they were now bringing forward, and so warmly
advocating, were not content in themselves advocating
that question, but that they were going about the
country, using every means in order to intimidate the
representatives of the people of the county from the pro-
per discharge of their duty.—( Hear, hear, hear, from the
Opposition side.) He, for one, had to state to the
House and to the county that no threat or intimida•
tion whatever would ever bias him, or prevent him advo-
cating that cause which he thought best for the interests
of his country.—(Repeated cheers from the Opposition.)
Ile scorned those men whet went about with a view to
intimidate—he scorned them because they were not
worthy of the names they possessed_going about as they
were, endeavouring to inflame the minds of the lower
orders of society, and if they could nut get their mea-
sure carried in that House by fair and open means,
showing that they were deter:nined to have it carried by
physical strength. He called upon his Majesty's Ministers
not to allow those meetings to take place and not to allow
these proceedings to go on.—(Bear, hear, from the Oppo-
sition, and loud laughter on the Ministerial side.) He
repeated his call on his Majesty's Ministers to inter-
fere to prevent those meetings, and to prevent, persons
going about doing anything to influence Members, and
not leaving them honestly as the representatives of the people
to discharge their duty consistently with their own views.
The particular point to which he wished to call the attention
of the House was, that on Saturday last a meeting took
place at the Crown and Anchor Tavern, which was
supported by Colonel Evans, and on which occasion (as
was reported in the Morning Chronicle) that very gallant
Colonel expressed himself in these terms :—he heel come
from the coast of Sussex, for the purpose of attending the
meeting, where two Reform meetings had taken place; and
he knew that 10,000 persons were ready to march up
from Riegate to London to the support of his Majesty's
Ministers if they should be defeated in the measure
now before the House.—(Hear, hear.) He begged leave
most seriously to call the attention of his Majesty's Minis-
ters to this speech, and wished to know whether they meant
to take any step to repress such language, and as he
had said to pot a stop to such meetings. The
answer they might give would bias hint, unquestionably
in the course he should pursue, being himself at present
(as he should do) perfectly at liberty to take that course
which in his discretion he should think right.
Lord ALTHORP rose and said—l really do not know
on what ground it is that the Noble Lord says his Ma-
jesty's Ministers are inflaming the minds of the people—
(Hear, hear, hear, hear)—by exciting a clamour out
of doors calculated to disturb the deliberations of this
this House; for I can assure the Noble Lord that his Ma-
jesty's Ministers are doing no such thing. All we wish is that
question should be dispassionately and quietly discussed.
--(Hear, hear.) We are perfectly well aware that the
public feel a very strong and deep interest in this question.
(Hear, hear.) And the Noble Lord must know as well as
any other Member of this House, that when the people do
feel strongly upon a measure, public meetings will
take place and violent language will be made use of on
those occasions, but certainly his Majesty's Ministers
wish only that the question should be discussed on
its true merits. --(Loud cheers. )—lf the Noble Lord
wishes me to state what course his Majesty's
Ministers will take in reference to the speech of
Colonel Evans, all I can say is (and the Noble
Lord knows that I did not see a report of that
speech until I came into this House) that I think it a
' very violent and foolish speech, but that it is not
one which I think it becomes the Government to take any
proceedings respecting.—(Hear, hear.)—I know very
well that taking up questions of this kind, on the ground
of a breach of privilege, and 1 do not know that this
is a case which could be taken np, on the ground of a

breach of privilege—on the contrary, mY °Pinkiij
ibse,
athavteriyt
sistrennogt.andlt
iiisrgennetcesnsaercye•sstihtyat
presented in
order to induce the House to act, because in a
the instance in which the House has taken up question§ 05
the ground of breach of privilege, I don't think the WI
has henefitted by it.—(Cheers. )_The Noble Lord ha' otio
that my answer will decide the course which he
take. I can only say, that he at perfect Jiber
to take whatever course he chooses. 1 can Ost,ul.
him it is not the wish of his M ljesty's Ministers that Mire
question should be carried by violence and clamour" °lb
feel that nothing could be worse for the cause than I'

violence and clamour. t the
Sir CHARLES WETHERELL thought tits", the
Noble Lord (the Marquis of Chandos) deserveu .000
gratitude of all who wished well to the discuoling
of important matters in that House, in being a.
this subject before its attention. The Noble Lord °PP f
site had understated his duty as a Alinisfetwil
the Crown, iu saying that it was not the .
o
this questis9
of his Majesty's Ministers to carry .
by clamour and by violence. Ile begged to state that it:co
the duty of his Majesty's Ministers to take care tilar' '
the
such ingredients were infused into the discussion °I
measure. It was their duty to interpose, for the l'bud
pew of preventing and stopping such speeches st,:of
been brought before their notice by the Noble
bte
behind him. He would take the liberty of stating t°oos
Alajesty's Ministels distinctly that there were Per did
in this country in all situations of life, who though the?i,'• ;
not believe that his Majesty's Ministers were C01in.,',15%
with external attt.nipts to intimidate, yet thought it "-elf
principle of duty to interpose to prevent leg
moment in which the Government were bound by elviot
:Hight be created out of doors. He would, to!
go the length of saying Ministers were conniclleit
agitatate, but he certainly did consider that it was ",ion
duty to adopt proper means for stopping the ag'tsoo
that might I.)e. altrond. Not only had persons .00
of doors resorted to something like threats of intimidlttihe
(and which no person could be ignorant of who rea"
effusions of the Press), but in that very grnilble
something of the same sort had been resorted to. The :Nfiej
Paymaster who had brought forward this measure bagein:bi9
the term convulsion ; and he meant to say, that
be
measure should not pass, Hon. Members wool it
convtalsel.—(Loud laughter, and hear, hear.)....." se
was not those who were on his side of the 11°0,
who were in the lamentable predicament of 3 t
ble minority, but those who had used the 11:0;
were in the minority, as the Ministers would iwber
when they were cast up. The Learned and lion. l‘len'the
got into a considerable heat was called to order by not
Speaker, and he concluded by declaring that he 01', it
0,
contented with t! e Noble Lord opposite merely sar.ntrot
was
.not the wish of the Government that these sl°,;,e
meetings should take place, at which such violent 100,Af
was to be used, but that it was their duty authoritati'
to ieterfere to prevent them. goo'
Lord ALTHORPE would hie as willing as the hp,
and Learned Mead er to maintain tee power of tbe,,-0,
in preventing any distu.bance or improper conduct tv''),t
ever a necessity should present itself; but at present
saw nave.

nleetig

Sir E. KNATCIIBULL disapproved of the -
and of such language; he disapproved also of calling' rof
ties to the bar of that House except in 431,13 t
the most urgent necessity, and in the la
irect
instance recommended his Majesty's Ministers to ,
the Attorney-General to take cognizance of what had
dne. 11A
Mr. BENNETT thought it most unhandsome !301
such a change as the pre,ent should be brought for",,,ie
against his Majesty's Ministers. Ile was perfectly ';',ere
tied that the meetings too place spontaneously, and veri
being sent to that House from all quarters front the
best of motives.
Alderman WOOD and Mr. COKE also depret-- teti
the bringing forward of this change ; and the former 00
that at an open hall held in the city of London ttrthe
there was the most unanimous feeling in favour 01

measure of his Majesty's Ministers.
(LEFT SITTING.)

HOUSE OF LORDS.
.0(1'
The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the
shortly alter Five o'clock.
Petitions were presented by the Earl of HartisV
from Ely and Cambridge, for the abolition of slaveq:. bf
from Wisbeach, in favour of the Local Courts of
Lord Stanhope, from a parish in Kent, for the reps of
the malt tax, against the tithe system, and complainb4ri
distress; by Lord Radnor, in favour of f Parlianlorlo
Reform, from Wake-hill ;by the Archbishop o 'di%
against slavery; by Lord King, from Wicklow, Prai,ero
for an alteration in the tithe system, and from
ee
other places to the same effect.
PARLIAMEN TARY REFORM. ~„t
Lord WHARNCLIFFE said that on Thursday 17e'
had given notice of his intention to move on Th,tiele
next for certain returns respecting the population °' 0j01;
rid towns and counties for the purpose of introc!li ,
that important subject, which occupied the atteonto At
every person in the kingdom at that present motile° ;$OO
the time he did so, he certainly had not a conteloPapil#
that the discussion of the subject in another place
w ill
in the state in which it now was.—(Hear, 11,3c*) tbst
therefore thought, under the present circumstance
important question could not now be convenieotly dr orcler
in that House. He should, therefore, withdravf
for that day, nor could he fix any precise time on tale
he could bring it forward ; but he must say he WOuoiieoce
the earliest opportunity, consistently with the COO tali'
of the House, of bringing the question under discui,eo
Na
Earl GREY observed that the Noble Lord, In' oss'
• I
announced his intention the other day, exercise( tbose
discretion as to the time when he should move for
ot Le,
returns—(Hear, hear)—and be (Earl Grey) d'ai%,ooll
ject to the course intended tobe pursued by theNnh e.O
and he could assure the House that he was nnt -effecP!
sirous of postponing the, discussion, as be was P-tioo
prepared to enter into the discussion of the (Ilte'
the fullest manner—(Hear, hear)—whenever it ntiliob''
fore the House, and whenever it should please the
fro'
Lord to bring it forward,—(Cheers.)
The Duke of SUSSEX presented a peti„t3l,oo',,i,
Hammersmith, pray'ng for Parliamentary ceta
In doing so, his Royal Highness felt hial'eA. for IT
upon to say a few words. The petitioners praYe-oiiPilif
by ballot, though that was not the opinion of tiled', cotio,
ants of that populous district in general.
friebir
not help expressing to the Noble Earl,
who presided over the councils of his 103k-iie Poi
most hearty thanks for the manner in Whicheo
brought forward the measure of Reform—(Cheei' o°lo
he would assure him when it came forward for dd or
in that House, it should meet with his hearty nn
support.—(Loud cheers.) fold

LUNATICS' BILL. ,:(14
The LO RD: CHANCELL OR postponed t"e e tit e(
reading of this bill for three werks, in conseque°lficot,
contiiined indisposition of Lord Eldon, and the a ;1(
Lord Londhurst. the bpt
Lord FARNHA3I presented petitions froto
inetgl, nd white metal button operatives (igrd, fr,oo
of Dublin ; and from several p.rislies in Wei.::,ioor
ing fur the repeal of the Union. Also 11 reit,tie°,
St. Mary's, Didiln, fur the repeal of the Sugar 01,10
Cin the motion of Lord GGDERICII, I'lloo4
dress was ordered to be presented to his Dlajestl
relative to the Swan River. 001
FRAUDS CREDITORS' BILL. pill

On the motion of Lord WYNFORD, the .4
through, a Committee, after route aruendineat4; titlo
' .a
Thu Consolidated Fund Bill was read a till' lc,
passed, and the House adj.urned at Six. o'Cl°c
,Al"
IMINIIMIIIMININI
BIRTHS. f I'll' di
d 0 „to
On the sth inst. in Lincoln's-inn-fields, the lay the
man Copeland, of a sou. ufrolli,
On the 4th inst. at Gifford's-hall, county 01 :" cl'
t Jo°
sotfrOAelit.t:t3ltice;j:liil,inerti:::::t;l:lis:llql,le.h'olaarom,ffv'aa d,i,as'fa:::glY:l.,
tileirialiri2n;f, aESs°7"...; ':1:::). s°oitili;
On then(' inst. at Acre-lane West. Brixton, alr''
fliiP
of a son. OW'
At Oojan, near Tabrit, on the 25th if Mee"
0.
of Sir 11. \Vinod:, K. E.S., , P ie
o$
terlt;'''
'MARRIED. , of i 5,r co
On the sth inst. Charles Henry Smith, r,"(l4,ter 0* ,1,01',J.
with, Glamorganshire, to Emily, fourth chilli' unty• soil', 0' of
Leeds, Bart., of Olin Clydach, in the same cl.'„,-ory, ,tile,,J
On the sth inst. J. M B. I)urrant, of the and dt rq,, S.
of
Ei. in the county of Sussex, to Fanny, ,co'sec,..,-- '" ,pet 0f
Hubbard, of Stratford, in the county of .-- Tho'„or
Egerton, in the county of Kent. ~ 000"
mr. (",1 C ,ii:"'
On the Ist inst. at St. Botolph, Ahlgate, i, gr. ' 17,40:
Stoney Stratford, to Ann, eldest daughter 01 ova 011,..1..
Aldgate. • c J"'ce, /3,1 ' ts'
On the 17th ult. at Dusseldorf, on the 11h10 1, c'oP
daughter of I'. Salomons, Esq. late of St. 1-I°`„,i- thF Ole ion
gate, London, to August Hassencliever, i•0n,."..0, 01 4... A.
(I,flaisiceirlgcl,ieit,,.etri,,eokfilingli,rtenLgleiturserz,i;ssiiiat:ar Itecnalhc:iii,ri.oos,'.
401,1t.::(P,I-er,
On the 3d inst. at St. George's, Bloorusbugr,,,,,rd, oil: 1,
to Louisa, the third daughter of Luke I.'• 1 f... 11.,01,
ford-.quire' -11 v, l‘fr. f VslPii.airl'
On the 3d inst. at St. James's, Piceam.,,,t, o,.ficr c..,,,,,
eldest son of Mr. F. Milner, lead.,,,,ert,
_,,„_ 01, ft .0, ;00
Emma, daughter of the late Mr. W. liobfro`t;',, (.1.,..t of e'c 01
On the Ist inst. at South Stoneham,
waling, of the Royal Artillery, to Elizabt'.! oil Igen
I,s
J.:sq., of Thot nhill, in the county of Ilan", no, o
al MT
A. H. Bradley, Esq. of Gore-court, Nu ,•1.
US"'
~) yO
PRINTED AND PUISLISHED BY INlURl,‘"orveg•
Sys OFFICR, 112, 5TR•141,9

Fit
Lo 4
St t
•
si
.11 AlCn
hi ever,
lr

of

T4lti i

~`B
`~

*ant'
