THE SUN, LONDON, FRIIDAY..MIX 7. 1537.

. ft e.l-I..ilz* OUMOV.,-, it t,t; tr 1.16 i,iiowett to Uo so, lii Ortler 1.41aL i,..t.: it' J. l.:41.1.11l: CS. p,....•taLiut.s Lo,.-.I. Lt.:a oct!ii /united ; the let ,ti k_.iaild‘n..,,,,ietnueryf,,uni nave statcn some plan tu toe, to.ted its outo,lue,tiOo into tlAcir 1.)1,k>1.5• Ile also ptc.,,t.to-.0,,,, (~,i'El.'‘ 1 "JA G oh. the (3 RA IN 1) JU A Grit) INti 1
-
------.41.--_ B Ils la progress might he sent up to the other House. t w,43, that the dIfIlytill;, 403itt Gilt lli4i: iil-li tielti• a powe, I House: He thai4liti liliiey&; that the officer. Of theta petition from Ilamtkleittiill,l pia}-?no that the Act inigiti.,4 RAILWAY.
110 USE OF COMMONS', .Inr,r 6. e'l Af:er a few words from Mr. HuNIE and Mr. Witt i.At7t,t t'l gt:,i.•: V. '' ''
~ tsSel,', sinless slavers wore on board. Whatevei navy would rather forfeit tileii di4'.'i,',,..tl ....4! 149hintion t . an.:-.; not. eXtt lid there. 4'4, f,,,,,
-rhe SPEAKLIt took the chair at Three &Clock. i ( ~. ONTROVERTED ELtiC'flON i3l kiti. r,,,,,i uot been done with regr et to the
roreyent:cm of' tt...,:te12n(1..... ~;,.., the examination which had been proposetr—}l).. Loll BROUGII AM begged to remind their Ixt.tisitieg.,,g LivEßroot., JITLY 4.—Thet7rains on the Grand Jultelion., '
Mr. II .ik 'I I L TON moved the second reading of tlie,l,: Lord I• RITSBr. I %,ht 4 i.,,, 14 p. 1 the fra" 0
;• ,- •`-- • .'":. ' --- let L'li on- menu, Men-- c ;trying on di tile slave (ra,t3 arose not, from a want o_ (Hear. bear, bear.) such A plan wAnla net be ponnlart‘thal •ho hail, someiime. i•:,t; terooented a petition fret:] Ilain-!..-% Railway begat/ to run to-day, and excited much interest:
1, Mb '•
Dublin Wide Street Bill. After several clauses had been %.7. b,er_for Ligßeard, wctuld not Press his tnOtian on the suinect prodpnee 1.,!1 !ht Vatt or the. (laeiiiittda; but, from th,. among t 1,6 hi I-4, efiltiq.. 14 ~. ~ „nd f.dft il . Ire c. • ,t,l t ti- t- le .11',, .t. Trl'i rf.:i.itioners, though throughout dm whole line, the road being almost covered _
period of the Fienloti-.l‘skaat, of traiieS with alter' ilavea. , , , , git .- , . e ..a. . .... y.9a nu ti_re,m. m.ran,l 1 o .e con la t_c
Et,t Controverted Elections at this late
added, the Bill was read a third time and passed. ~vere a ~k 44 ieat niany Ofheer'i who were ',di. corral -1.0.1 IPC' di?..Vu-ile3.tiefi some alterittion.3, were favourable to tilt! Act,. pwith people. This ch e : mstance rendered the passing of the
On the motion of Mr. BROTHERTON the Lords',".'i4 Mr. C. 131.7 L LER replied he had no objeceron to itost-':i br. I.o.witiNG gi4iiitly ietiNti6d that ilib lii'l‘' ttatle char' idt 1/.ll' .diiii‘6s;,lBtid if riO' "wthe ,6°‘:lig 6e l' idtfel ItArl P:l' :/iINJIOPE proceeded to present several othe.g4,l7,ins at great speed highly dangerous, and rho novelty ofi
it one his motion. t.,: , , ,_, ,_ iLi ,_ i
Amendments to the .Alanchester Gas Bill were agreed to. ''''''..c.'S came. 111 n ',id Sault a :rasi extent in the United States. • before the Admiralty indY il.:9rlld .;,iee it ttitli fa-:-OltfrAlV,4l.)-et!tions fioir. York:AMFti t?/tli.,-,0, tbe Act, amongst whiehtlic w 110.14 thing both to the people and to the clerks at therA
. . .. .. ~., -,
, ColonA SE brought up the Report of the Com-/ C°NVEYANCF- OF NEWSPAPERS BY Tub 94. Ile hoped, however, that as far as the friend! . • tr• f . ir: •d • ril '
ALE) in ..i e.renct consi eration. he country was suffering, anti tut- .t..., oas on rerh Ira or , sta ite 1 .
,9t
1- nittee on the Ackland Estate Bill, which was real a thirdi I\l ORIN ING MA i I,f'.. ieof the Government could be used with respect to putting ,1.,. was suffering, in consequence of having riad avery Larne '''entire rep of the kw would prove satisfactory, Ile 'verpool and Manchester at half-past six arrived at Bir- ~,.
~line and passed. 10, I\lr. WALLAC,F; s-A.1.-1 /le had received a newspaper from '47•in end to the slave trade. !hot It stould he ekercised. ..?.:. forte titifkg ct lbhg-;tartiotted war.—(Hear, hear, hear3r.)74;'.ll
I Capt. ALSAGER brought up the report of the Crrn-:
1 iMancliewe. 'isi)elinning an article which complained that.kl Catildin PECIULL denied II so presented a simiiiif t,-4.'t;ti'on from the parish of All ningham about half-past eleven. Another train was de-
-.lat. tilt continuation of 1: there being now no ftirtlier oceasin Pit •!bet!. au- '. Saints Poplar. In presenting thegd totitions lie wouldAhtYed one hour, whilst second-class train, which had t
,i . f,,,,,, o_t4.stop at all the intermediate stations, was nearly an hou
millet on the Jackson Estate Bill, end also the repot ,„IttrO•glittPers were net isflowed to be sent. by the tli:W 1110rnittg"the .slavo thttle Mit the fattlt of lilt Ma.- tv; f ' • ••.1 • h ' ' b 'C' 11--. -. ' • 1 Nll L I (13
Jes ~.' 6 p.esent
_, vices; w tic.. every one must e very gratem dr, ,:t!,,t c ott,,,itton to tle o) c or( rougna -, opp .4
,:he East Estate Bill, which were severally read a Voird tiniellls' and he begged to know if any instructions hail beenef%Thovrt-ntoht, 1 half ~,- •
%r id , . lorir,.l than it should have been. On the other',
Lad passed. given by the (lovr.sreeeent to that effect ? EV Mr.. Go 11 iNG ex punned. ''. how entild dthflloytflefft tte found for so great a nuinbert,tite, with reSptltt to no opinion supposed to he expressc*
v.: itini the Directors' train from Birming,ham at twenty
,w,„11 to have ;i',iniiiutes past eleven (which I accompanied) arrived at '
Mr. WILSON PATTF.N hrought up thc report. ef. , 11
Me. BARING, replied that he ~,:rts hot, thte repareii,,;,.. S'r R. INGLIS thanked the Noble Lord for the state- ' which could only be done during a war the officers of ith
-, of officers without. war ? liniess eirapitlittlelt WAS found,r',iiy that Noble Lord, and a 5 1:1,•7 enioions both dc.,erved -.,1• ~ - •
Liverpool, zit half-past three ; and h.id it not overtaken the
, -. •
Itlie Clitherow Grammar School !,state Bill. to gi‘ ean answer. i'‘li--iet obtained much weig.ht, it weit'.il !it'
rrnent he had made, which be believed would be most sails- 3 navy most be in thin situation in which every other'qtbern tiisiliiil.7 ,v,oWCd. Ile (atil Stanhope) wag more
te.t,trtled seco ed-elass train at Warrington, would have per- til
*Mr. HAWES presented a petiiion from revt.tin indivi-M Ir. wALLitcr, said he would repeat his questicn '',ftictory to the House and the country. 4' person would he whose occupation was gone.—(Hear,hearAdesirous of the answer, lietnose• in a communication he liail•el.„
iluals against the Southwark and Hammersmith Railway Bill.lfto-morrner, SI rise Bill then went through Committee, and the Report -- On these grounds he thought it was perfectly unneec,ssis44l,xith a humane, intelligent, and e!qitl)42llt:Pd Twrson in Sits-Att,••Tned rite
•,
jottrney in three hours and a half. The time-V
'Mr. 'AIAXW ELL presented a petition from the weaver/4i '
of Biggar complaining of distress, and : f 1
Ile Hon Member • i t.
rhe Attorneys and Solicitors Ireland Bill Wall reau tt: was ordered to b brought '
second time. praying or re 1ef.10,-- - "ne• e up to-morrow.
'' The Consolidated Fund Bill and the Tithe Advance, i.: pointed in his expectation that the Hon. and G '
4to bring forward such a motion. He had been much disap-aws, he found that the opinion attributed •ro ale ilohle Lordti
Gallant Member been circulated in the shape of a handbill. One of the . vvater, coke, ,Sze )to
.viiilt this train (although there were several stoppages for
Warrington, about seventy-eight miles,
.i
,
,ert4 just three hours, making twenty-six miles an hour, in- ..,
• also presented several Petitions from The Clutch Netices Bill, *na 'Ate Secular Jurisdietionoßill, also went tbroto,h Committees, and the Reports or- ' would briny forwardspecific la' .1 lAI ' 1 V4') IC • •d Istatedthat •t -• 0
ga plan upon ss le st. se ( mira ty ,e- t °or- aw ammisstoners was said .to lave - , ~
lifferent parts of Scotland in favour of the Factory Bill. ,"
Itlr.. WAKLEY presented a petition from tlie Radical' .',
sociat ion of Kittering praying- for Universal Suffrage. The , (York and Ely) Bill, Ottit through Comnittee, were re tiered to-morrow. c'
4 . ..1 I dltl"' gto•Thares. 'fie Directors were hi 111 • satisfied
',.,, would have been able to make its report. With respectE.,,,lesirable to render the workhouses as much like prisons as.- e u 6 , ~. 1, g ) ,
Pwit'd and ordtitti, to bo real a third time tn-niorrow. 1 -On the motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EX- .'to the statements of the Hoe, and Gallant Member fortipossibie, It seemed that the Noble Lord opposite denied - and there Is nem" every reason t° expect that, when the ex-
As ~•
The East India 1
2estage "till and the Exchequer Bills4,C II EQUER thc appropriation clause was added to the '-' Devon port, they were merely a repetition of the tirgumentsthat ane such statement had been made, and added, that, . eitement and hustle or the opening is over, the public will ',.
• Hon. Member also.l tA k;:- .•,i : -t boons that has for many ears
of prLons, the workhouse 'cut v e one of the ore , . y
i Consolidated Fund Bill. „,' brought forward by hint presiouslY. To these statements =.;o far front being in the nature
presented a petition praying for Vote by
Ballot.
THE DORCHESTER LABOURERS.
The HON. ME
favour o . R also presented a petitior. from Rig •c 2..;
' h.l w7rd severally reed. 'Andrei time and passed.
:sir. 1-11-TME boped that before another Session would Tile Lords' Amendments to the Small Debts (Scotland) 'he (M C. W p-I d • • • *• • `restrictions 'amountedtrifling • --. • . ' been conferred. Judging from the appearance of the trains,
come YOUnd the Chancellor of the Exchequer would(f-A3ill were then agreed to. 4 ir. orn )la on former occasions given an an- only to . incous cuicnces. With
e saver , which it was almost unnecessary for him now to re- *aid to the expression of the Commissioner, he (Earl S.) I should say that upvvards of one thousand persons will hare
'';c his attention to the !object of the last named Bill, astsl The Bankrupts Commission (Ireland) Mil went through peat. He denied that there- was any ground made by the il • i •understood Noble Earl) to prove -lheen baoked in the Company's offices to-day. Every thing
ton, in f the return ' - - . • . . for , . • „
~ • '
• was (as sse the prepared .
, of the Doreuester litejou,erselit_eould be.dve.iraLl..
.the GA ernment to be indepe..dent,Commatee. Gallant Admiral, that Lieutenants in the navy were not it. What be wished to ascertain from the Noble Lord op-,,Ahas gone off well so far. The road is in excellent order,V
Ito this,co• Ltry
_ _ _ . ._ _ _ . to be tic hand nothing can bid fairer than this railway does of becom-r
' he -

1111rEit1tt1.. 1---t ...t.lAirix4A

_
~;untry. The Hon. Member w:Juld tale that op-,
portunity of stating that the elder I.ovel.lss had already resl
turned to this country, and few'. ale statemente that he'
had made, no blame whedevgn- was to be attached to the
;Government for his not caving returned earlier. The °I lied
persons who had 'r!en transported would also have arrived'
in this cour:..y.' before the present time, had it not been fort
cross l'..tters which had b en received between themselvesl
3:4 their wives. George Loveless was now living in the
'bosom of his family, in Dorsetshire.
Mr. %MKS presented a petition from Leicester,l
praying the House, in conjunction with the East India Corn-i
party, to adopt measures for the prevention of idolatry in
India.
Mr. VIGORS presented a petition from Carlow against
the present Tithe system.
Mr.TENN I'S 0 N D'E Y NCO LT RT presented a petition
f'rorn the electors of Lambeth, signed by between four]
thousand and five thousand persetts, complaining of the
conduct of the other House of ivarliament in having thrown
out measures which had passed that House after great con-
ideration. He ve;..s in hopes that during the present ses-1
ion the other House of Parliament would not have;
:dopted the course which it did in the last, of rejecting,
-very good and beneficial measure that had passed that
House. He had refrained from presenting the petitionl
loader that hope, but as be had been disappointed in his
,!rpectations, and as the Session was now near a termination, he]
`elt bound to present the petition. The petitioners stated
their attachment to the Constitution, and that a just sense
of its true principles had stimulated their efforts to obtain
the Reform Act, which had in a great measure restored to
'be people their constitutional rights, and rescued them
is.otu the undue and corrupt ascendancy of the Lords, excr-
cited in this House of Parliament. The petitioners then'
(proceeded to state, that they had witnessed with deep regret]
likhe hostility which hail been evinced by a majority of the]
House of Peers, in their repeated and contumelious rejec-I
,ion of Bills passed by this House, founded on liberal and
T.lightened principles, and calculated to effect great im•
provement in our civil and ecclesiastical institutions, espe.
jelly the Bills for reforming the Corporations and Church
of Ireland. The petitioners, on reviewing the recent pro-
-1
reedings of the House of Lords, are impressed by a con
viction that the Government of this great and commercied
country cannot beneficially be carried on by a Reformed
House of Commons, with a House of Lords in its present
state ; and that unless some plan be speedily adopted,'
whereby harmony of feeling and action may be produced]
Setween the two Houses of Parliament, the petitioners
apprehend imminent peril to the Constitution, and unhap.
•iness to the nation at large. The petitioners therefore pray
that this House will take some course to meet the exigene
of the case, and to prevent measures of useful and salutary'
'ico-islation passed by this House becoming utterly abortive]
He thought that next session the House of Lords would]
not reject measures which might receive the sanction of the]
Representatives of the people after mature deliberation. 1
Mr. HAWES concurred in what bad fallen from his]
Hon. Colleague, and recommended the petition to the se i
,ious consideration of his Majesty's Government. _
ROSS-SHIRE ELECTION.
1
Mr. W. GLADSTONE presented a petition from cer-]
rain electors of Ross-shire, complaining of the abduction of
in elector of the name of Gibson, while in a state of in-
toxication during the late election. The Hon. Member!
. would not then enter into statements connected with the!
petition, but would move that the petition be printed.
low such a petition to be printed. If the man had been in,
a state of intoxication he was guilty of a finable offence.-7
. (Hear, and a laugh.)
, Mr. GLADSTONE meant to give notice that he should,,
;call the attention of the House to the subject.
Mr. HUME enquired what the prayer of the petition
was ?

of the Benk on the subject of Exchequer Bills, as there - BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE. •
would be to the amount of 7,000,0001. shortly required. Lord J. RUSSELL said that the last Order of the Day 4:.
The Bank of Ireland Bill was reported, and ordered to, having been disposed of, he would now state that he pro-
,fi
be read a third time to-morrow. ' posed the House should not adjourn oi er to-morrow, as it was e
The Assessed Taxes Exemption Bill was read a third 'sot importance that some of the Bills which had just goners
time and passed. • through Committees should be forwarded another stage. ts
The Militia Pay Bill and the Militia 13iillot Bill severally Therefore what he proposed was that the Speaker
went through Committee, and were Ordered to be reportede, should take the chair at 12 o'clock ; they could then ;
to-morrow. ieiprozeel with the Bills, and it would be unnecessary for
The Exchequer Bills Bill of Public Works also went -e the House to sit in the evening.—Agreed to.
through Committee, and was ordered to be reported to-# Lord MORPETH brought in a Bill to amend the Loan r',...
morrow. t'e Fund Act (Ireland), which was read a first time.
On the motion of Lord MORPETH, the Corporateei DANISH CLAIMS.
Property (Ireland) Bill went through Committee, was re- • Mr. CLAY would take that opportunity of stating
ported, and ordered to be read a third time to-morrow. :that it was not his intention to press ow the at-
SLAVE TRADE. _ ention of the House the motion of which he
On the motion for the committal of the Slave Treaties -.-had given notice relative to the Danish Claims..
Bill, F
,He did not think he should be doing justice to e
Sir R. INGLIS trusted the House would allow him to% the parties who were interested in the question, or that he •
call its attention to the great questions that were involved in ee should be acting fairly to the House itself, if he then pressed 'r
the subject of the slave trade. He particularly desimi -,,i for a Committee of Inquiry. He thought that no decision •
to which the House might now come could be taken as al.:
to call the attention of the Noble Lord opposite (Palmer-
stone) to the manner in which the slave-trade was carried:' fair expression of the opinion of the House, and even suppos-•i
on in the Brazils. Last year the Noble Lord opposite, the., A ing the motion were granted, there would not be time for
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, had stated in his;es. the Committee to prosecute its inquiries.—(Hear, hear.)
place in Parliament that England had good cause of come': lie-begged leave, however, to take that opportunity of stet-
plaint against Portugal with regard to the treaty. This coun- -.., :ing that if he had the honour of a seat in another Parlia-
try had paid to Portugal a large sum of money in orderer went, believing those claims to be based on substantial
that she might put an end to the slave trade in all places - justice, he should again bring the subject under the notice
under her dominion ; and she was also to assist the Go- ':of Parliament.
yernment of this country in putting it down elsewhere.,; Mr. HUTT rose—but the SPEAKER said there was no,
Why, the slave trade was carried on to a greater extent : question before the House.
than ever under the Portuguese flag. In his (Sir Robert
-e' Mr. HUME thought the Member for Hull should be
Inglis's) opinion the Noble Lord opposite was bound heard on the subject, which was of great consequence to
to call upon Portugal to put an end to such nett-:-;.his constituents.
dons traffic.—(Hear, hear.) He wished the Noble Lord i- Mr. HUTT said the Hon. Member for the Tower
to state to the House, as far as he could do consis-§; Hamlets had exercised a wise discretion in not canvassing
tently with his duty, what course her Majesty's Go- e-such a subject in such a House, and under the peculiar cir-
vernment intended to adopt with respect to a subject of,. cumstances in which Parliament was assembled. He was
such importance ? He had numberless documents which '‘glad that his Hon. Friend had signified his intention o
showed tl-.e great traffic that was continually carried on, and -: pressing the question in another Parliament. He knew of
the great cruelty that had been exercised towards the slaves se; no case of equal hardship and injustice ; and so long as he
on board the vessels in which they were removed from -7 had a seat in the House of Commons he would insist on
satisfaction being made to the Danish claimants. He fiat
one part of the country to the other. The lion. Member ....'
then proceeded to read several documents, from which it's confident too that the House of Commons, which bad re
appeared that the Slave Trade in the Brazils was carried el often redressed the wrongs of the injured—that the British
on to a greater extent than ever, and that the greatest. People, who even in distant climates and among rival
cruelty was exercised towards the unfortunate slaves. He natinne, were always ready to sympathize with suffering andi
trusted that when the Noble Lord opposite rose to address e oppression—would not allow the appeal of his Hon. Friend(
the House, he would be able to state that her Majesty'si; to be urged much longer in vain.—(Hear,
lIS. hear.)
Government had entered into an engagement, and` THE SHIP IHE
he hoped successfully, to induce the Crowns of
Mr. ROBINSON did not think it expedient, in the 1
e
Portugal and Brazil totally to abolish the slave trade. present state of the House to bring forward his motion re-
He had documents before him on which he could place thel'e; ative to her Majesty's ship Thetis. After seine remarks
relative to the state of the • navy, the Hon. Meml-er gave
most implicit reliance, which showed that 103 vessels had 4;
notice that on Monday he should present a petition from
cleared out from Rio, for the coast of Africa, in the yearlB36 ;es
the creditors of several States in Spanish America. 1
and with these 103 vessels went 5,889 packages of gunpovi•-;,e-L';
Mr. C. WOOD hoped the lion. Member would not bel
der, 520 cases of guns, 0,176 pipes of rum, 830 pipes of wine, i
1,133 gallons of wine, 393 cases of gin, and several thou-
ss:understood to have said that her Majesty's navy had with-i
sand empty casks. Could any man doubt these were artielesr, -held assistance from merchant vessels in distress.
of barter by which the unhappy slaves were to be purchased 's. Mr. ROBINSON did not mean to have said so, andl
He would contend that this country was bound to see the ....bore testimony to the valuable and efficient services ren-
provisions of the treaty for the suppression of the slave lilered by her Majesty's navy on such occasions. .
trade carried into effect. Companies with large capitals ' The motion was then by leave withdrawn.
had been established at Bahia, Pernambuco, and other =+: - NAVY OFFICERS.
places, which would show the House the extent to which -",`'.. Captain DUNDAS then brought forward the motion of
it was carried. He regretted that he had felt it his duty toyi which he had given notice for the appointment of a Select
occupy the time of the House upon the subject, but' Committee to inquire into the state of the officers of her
he would regret still snore if any considerations had induced, Majesty's navy, with a view to the formation of a retired
him to be silent upon the subject. He concluded by expressings: list of meritorious officers.
a hope that the Noble Lor (Palmerston) would notice what 5' Sir E. CODRINGTON seconded the motion. It was
he had said, and that he would feel himself called uponito • impossible that an efficient navy could be maintained with-
mention to the House and the country what had been dotee , out an investigation of that sort. The condition of thel
on the subject. The treaty between this country and Por- enavy officers was different from that of almost any class of
tugal was at present nothing but a dead letter ; but he 4:omen in her Majesty's service. Look at the situation of
hoped its provisions would be shortly carried into full eSflag-officer. When he went out on foreign duty, he was'
Mr. GLADSTONE said the petitioners prayed the,operation. #'in reality in the situation of an ambassador, yet he was
House to direct a proper prosecution to be instituted against 4. Lord pAumERSTON assured the Hon. Baronet that.tnot allowed table money ; and on his retirement from office,
the offenders, or adopt such other proceedings as the House = he only did justice to himself and' the other Members of she was in a much worse condition. Then, as to the Widows'
might think fit. . her Majesty's Government ; he would further assure hiine:`, Fund, there was a sum taken from the pay of each officer
Mr. HUME said the offence was one for which the in that they fully shared the sentiments of indignation he ex- ;• ;over which they had no control, for it was totally under
idividuals could be prosecuted at law, and it was not usual s- pressed at the circumstance of the slave trade being still 4:the management of the Government. He would call the for the House to interfere until every endeavour to obtain' continued. H C
He also only did her Majesty's Governmeneattention of the House to the case of Sir M. Dickson as
reparation elsewhere had failed. If it was such an offence`,: justice in believing that they were most anxious to persuadefs,an instance of the unjust mode exercised by the Admiralty
es interfered with the rights of the electors, then it might ..tare Government of Portugal to accede to the stipulations::::in the distribution of pensions. He knew of an officer
hi he a fit subject of inquiry before an Election Committee. of that treaty, by which a stop would be put to so dread- , who had died and left a widow with eight children to
Mr. SANFORD inquired at what period the abduc- e
ul an extent of crime. Negotiations had been going on;:support on 601. a year, and on her making application for
tioe took place ?
for the last two or three years to induce the Government of ;employment for two of her sons, the Admiralty appointed
Mr. GLADSTONE—In the present year.
Portugal to agree to a new treaty, which would arm this; them to situations, but substracted in lieu of it 36/. from
§O.
.4 Mr. W AKLEY said the petitioner stated he was in-[
Ot -• ., oxicated at the time this alleged offence was committed. It country with powers to search vessels under their flag, ashen pension.—( Hear, hear.) The sum usually allotted to
te.had been done in the case with Spain. That treaty had e• n Admiral's widow, as a pension, was 1201. a year, but
'was, therefore, a petition from a drunkard.—( Laughter.) .lbeen nearly concluded with the Portuguese Government in e which was subject to certain contingencies, arid she could not
I Mr. ~ NE said the Hon. Member for Fins-g"
GI kDsTo - • • September last, but the circumstances that had then taken,: enjoy even that sum if she had an income of 200/. a-year.
l'bury was mistaken. The petition was not from the mircesplace, and the unsettled state of the Government, had put :' . -Mr. WOOD sad such was not the case.
himself, but from certain resident electors of Ross-shire. ,an end to the negoti itions going en. He would state that .4' ' AdMiral CODRINGTON was happy to beer from
•• . Mr. WA L LAC e: said that if he rightly understood the the Portuguese Government were most anxious to put an tithe Honourable Member that such an act of oppres-
istatement the Hon. Member had made, the petition would nil to that trade ; and although that treaty had not been tithe
did not exist. However, to show how the
rrrightly come under the cognizance of the Lord-Advocate concluded, they had passed a law of their own abolishing • navy was managed, he would call the attention of the
Le of Scotland. That Learned Lord was not at present in r the slave trade, and rendering it highly penal in every House to the condition of Greenwich Ilospital, and ask
t• his place. If he had been, no doubt the House would at. part of the 'Portuguese territories. But, however desirousei hy should three civilians have the management- in that
(once be set right on the subject. The petition was then the Portuguese and Brazilian Governments might• be to desirous-
? In the East Indies the Master Attendant
i- ordered to be printed with the votes. r:put a stop to the sieve trade, they had been thwarted andNwas not subject to the Admiral's orders, and in almost every
Mr. GL ADS thee gave notice that he should opposed by great private interests, who fancied theneselees!Ainstanee he could mention he was sorry to say that the navy
on Monday next call the attention of the Ilouse to the
, . .
epetition.
r, peoneerned in the existence of that trade • and not onl weretsidid not get theprotection it ought from Government. He
ligthey opposed by private interests, but' Viere was anyindis-Ocnuld mention another instance of injustice, in which a
~‘ FACTORIES. eposition on the part of their own authorities to carry into deserving officer was forced out of his situation to make
rod Lord W. BENTINCK presented twenty-two petitions execution the stipulations of the treaty.—(Hear.) lleawnY - for a civilian. How did it happen that the
from Glasgow. and other parts of Scotland, on the subjectlwas not without hope, however, that they should oler'' Duke of Wellington was fit to be at the head of
;?of the employment of children ia .factories. The petitioners twin from the Portuguese Government a power tol the Trinity House ?--(Hear, hear.) No doubt lie was
pprevent the trade in slaves being
. prayed that the hours of labour might be restricted for carried on tinder's the great captain of the age, but that did not qualify him
,epersons under 21 years of age to ten hours daily, and eigli
'rimers tee Saturdays.
Admiral ADAM presented a petition from Henry 1 t
. Howard, keeper of Allies's Coffee-house, complaining
~ losses sustained by the burning of the House of Lords, ane's
epraying compensation. tattle Portuguese flag, such as the) had obtained from': or the situation of Warden of the Cinque Ports. The
re 4 the Spanish Geyer, went. He would state further that the else of Miss Hawkins was of a ver• cruel nature ;
le grea amount of crime which had been committed was not • the three
01.'7;-;o much for the benefit of the Portuguese nation as for that, upon until his Lae
children had nothing whatever to depend
Majesty left 501. a-year.—(Hear, hear.)
of the slave traders of Spain, Brazil, and all other countries. -- When the Pension-list came to be revised, he hoped
, Nothing could exceed the horrors with which the trade was is the Ilouse would direct its attention to such a me-
The SOLICITOR- GENERAL h. 11 carried No less than three days ago he had received autr, ritorious class of men es theehalf-pay officers of the navy.
1. ast year presented
•a petition from the same individual, not praying for c --
.
pensation, but praying that in the New Houses°7l-
- some place would be provided to enable liitn:.-
hetorcaorry on his business. The Hon. and Learned Mein-
herb ore testimony to the excellent .manner inwhich
petitioner's establishment had been conduCted, on. .
in which it was stated that .bettypen 200 and 300 , For the long services of these individuals, they were granted
,accounto
the . •
persons were found on board a slave ship confined in a hold he boon of being Commanders, but they were told they
iabwit two feet in height. All he wanted was to be at li-kwere not to have more pay. His object in moving for the
bony to seize their ships, and that stipulations might be eta papers was to show, that if these 300 Lieutenants
tered into to Imre such vessels broken up ; but the power to 7s. a-day, the Admiralty had no right to deprive
ratify the treaty rested with the ter•
Chambers, and that : them of it. lie did not believe that any other class of
: Mr. HUME understood the petitioner prayed for coin.
pensation. Now, he wished to know if that compensation =
was to be ;ranted to all
~, persons having property in thi.
'-'. House.—( Hear, hear.) A claim had been made by Mr. i •
. Bellamy, and the Committee had decided that they could -. was the cause of such delay—}'et he was very happy ! men were so illused by
to say they had gained several advantages, for they had b 'ofthe Pension the Ad ...
1
o - Arangement
edned negotiation* with the kingdom of Naples, and also Hair, hear, hear)—a young man with interest would
frith Mexico. lie would be thankful to the Hon. BaronetLehe entitled to a pension after ten years service, while one
apposite, or to any other Hon. Member who would afford without it would be under the necessity of serving double
tlr' not award it to any but officers of the House. If any my assistance on so impsatant a subject, and he could `,;that time. He did not ask the House to believe a single
r= claim was admitted, he would move that that of Mr. Bel- issure the House that every energy was exerted by Iler;-word that ha stated—all he required was, that the House
r lamp be also included. Majesty's Government on the subject.—(hear, hear.) ;- ould look at the documents and see whether his state-
d'-'i Mr. WARBURTON—The only question was, whether Mr. GORING wished to know whether any steam- ment .; were not borne out by them. He would quote the
s
..,
S coffee-house-keepers were officers of the Ilouse. He ap..,: vessels lied been sent by the Government to the coast of case of Captain Pypin, who had to serve upwards of 34
,'
sO
4

4flosite was, whether he had stated the restrictions
/fling inconveniences ?
(j Lord BROUG II AM said that if the question was,
iivliether the Poor-law Commissioners had an authority tol
imprison paupers in the workhouses, or elsewhere, he (Lerd
Brougham) would distinctly state that they had no such
power, unless crime were committed, and punishment en-.
Tome,' by the common course of law. To say that the
Commissioners could imprison paupers by virtue of the!
Act, would be a great abuse of terms. To be sure there
were certain rules regulating the workhouses, to which those!
who chose to enter them must be content to submit ; but
there was a great difference between residence in such places',
tnd imprisonment. Those who resided in the workhouse,'
and conformed to hs rules, entered voluntarily, and could
leave at pleasure, whilst those who were imprisoned had no'
, choice either as to going in or coming out. In fact, those;
'i
who left the workhouse conferred an obligation by doing so.
The only restriction to their leaving was that they should
• give three hours' notice ; but this notice was obviously ne-I
icessary, as there were some little formalities to be got'
ethrough, such as returning the clothes of the establishment,,
and collecting whatever little property, for little unfortu-I
nately, it must be, which belonged to themselves. Uulessl
some restriction of this sort existed, paupers would come in
just before dinner hour, and go out immediately after, thus
converting the workhouses into mere places for dining.
iI
Lord WYNFORD did not think the rules laid down
for the regulation of those workhouses consistent with hu-
manity, good feeling, or good policy.
- The Bishop of EXETER complained that orders had
been made for returns with respect to public worship in the
union workhouses about five weeks since, but none had
since been made by the Commissioners. He yesterday felt
it his duty to move that returns should be made forthwith,
and it was only by those that the real facts with respect to
the restrictions could be ascertained. The restrictions, as
it regarded the aged poor, were terribly severe, and such
as the people could not, and ought not to endure. Ile was
glad the Noble Lord (Brougham) did not countenance
such severe restrictions.
Lord BROUGHAM did not wish to be undorstood as
sanctioning the opinion that paupers should be allowed to
go out to labour and return to the workhouse as they
!pleased. This would afford them the means of an unfair
!competition with those labourers who did not come upon
Ithe poor-rates. In his opinion, the regulations ought to
be adhered to, and they were not more severe than those
which governed collegiate and other establishments.
The Bishop of EXETER (lid not speak of the regula•
tions as they affected the able-bodied labourers, but as they
;affected the aged paupers, who were shut from the common
lair and almost the common light which the God of all.
screated for the enjoyment of all.
The Earl of CHICHESTER said that the more thel
operation of the Act was experienced the greater was thel
satisfaction which it afforded. He was decidedly averse!
Ito granting permission to the inmates of the workhouses'
to attend their parish churches. Such a permission would
/be attended with great inconvenience, as it loosened those
HOUSE OF LORDS, Au- 6. !restrictions which were necessary to secure good conduct
Lord SHAFTESBURY (in the absence of the Lord Chan, land regularity. It was notorious that the class of personsi
1
cellor), took his seat on the Woolsack at Five o'Clock. who took refuge in the workhouses were not remarkable'
Mr. BERNAL and other Members of the House of Corn- for their morality or general correctness of behaviour.
mons brought up the Exchequer Bills (13,000,0001.) Bill, !With respect to the remarks made on the practice of
the Assessed Taxes Exemption Bill, the East India Postage. reliefthe agedandit shouldborne •
Bill, and several Private Bills. .giving to
mind that such relief was the exception and not the rule.
Lord miNTo presented a petition from Yorkshire No argument, therefore, was to be founded on the deci-
against the Bridlington Harbour Bill. _ ;sions of the Commissioners relative to these persons. A.,-
BRIDLINGTON HARBOUR BILL, to the general effects of the Bill he considered that they,
On the motion that this Bill be read a third time, ' had been most beneficial. He could answer for the part'
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY stated that all of the country with which he was best acquainted, namely
!the witnesses who were examined stated that it was in,-, the county of Sussex.
possible a good harbour could be made where it was Con• The Earl of RADNOR was anxious to defend thel
templated by this Bill ; that only a tidal harbour could be Poor-law Commissioners from the charges made against
made there. This was the opinion of every man of sci-,t, them by the Noble Earl and the Right Rev. ,Prelate.
mace, all of whom considered that it could not be made a ". They complained that although returns had beon ordered
harbour of refuge accessible at all times ; and even theirr from these gentlemen at the beginning of June none had
own engineer proved that it was dry at low water. He was' • yet been laid before the House. They seemed also to in,-'
opposed to the Bill. 4'ao ply that the Commissioners had treated the House with dis-
Earl '
HAREWOOD contended the Bill would prove 4 respect in thus disobeying its orders. Now, when it was.
useful, and that a practical harbour could be made. - considered that the Commissioners had to receive and an-
Lord W HARNCLIFFE opposed the Bill. He consi- i,. swer about two thousand letters a week, it could not be
tiered that it would lead to exorbitant taxation. ..'expected that returns could be immediately sent. in. Hs
Lord MINT() objected to the further progress of the
.eould inform the !louse that three clerks had been cm-k
measure, as one likely to be productive of dangerous results. r. ployed since the returns had been ordered in getting the
Lord MAN VERS supported the Bill ; lie admitted", necessary papers ready. Having thus exculpated the Com•
!that the harbour would not be a good one, but a bad harinissioners, he would turn to the business immediately be
hour there would be better than none at all ; colliers return-fore the House, and he must say that he thought the Noble
ing in ballast could take refuge there, and there was an ex- :,' Earl's motion ought to be objected to. The Noble Eari il
cellent roadstead until the tide flowed. -seemed to suppose that the workhouses were on the same:,
I Lord DURHAM said that it was with reluctance hell plan of management as under the oil system, but he coublk,
opposed the measure. The Bill was an old acquaintance . inform him that he eras much mistaken.—(Hear; bear.)s6
ki
of his, and he considered that it ‘vas contrary to all the 'They were quite different.--( Hear, hear.) They wercFl
Principles of coast navigation to attempt to construct suchqeondueted with perfect order, and time paupers tliem-
a harbour. They had heard of the impossibility of a camels: selves, who were the inmates, declared that they had
1
passing through the eye of a needle, but that was a fareek, never been more comfortable.—( Hear, hear.) The per-
lin comparison with this proposition. The Bill was contraryr:soos who managed them were quite as well dressed as''
to the principles of legislation, and it was the duty of the - many Noble Lords in that House—(Hear and a laugh)—
;Government to oppose it to the utmost. - ..and, being persons of considerable information, they ;acted Z.
1 ' Lord II A REWOOD explained. -;-. as schoolmasters to the persons under their charge. The
After a few words from Lord NIINTO, •-4Noble Earl had certainly presented that night many peti-1,
I •,
Lord COLCHESTER supported the measure, and; tions against the New Poor Law Act, but they did not;;.,
considered that it would be advantageous to light colliers
ndatithigehatethr.inst., in Eaton-place, the lady of M. T. Smith, Esq.
BIRTHS.
4proceed from places in which the system had been proper)}
Oa
to have a harbour constructed there. .i...'triecl.
I Lord COLVILLE said that he was convinced it was.,l;
ouneker, Esq., of a .
BrOn the 4th inst., in Great Cumberland-street, the wife of R
of importance that the harbour should be made. Earl STANHOPE replied. The Noble Earl concluded
ll The House then divided, when there appeared— ..t'., by Moving for an account ofthe aggregate expense incurred
for the support of the poor in the several parishes comprised e
On the 30th ult., at St. Leonard's-on-Sea, the lady of the Hon.
I For the motion, contents
Grantham Yorke, of a (laughter.
Against it 35 the 22d of May last, during 1833, 1834, and 1833, distin+ On the 4th inst., at Canterbury Barracks, the lady of
Colonel C. C. Taylor, of a daughter.
Lieut.-
Majority —lo -,1
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from'''llguishing each year, but not the several portions of cad*
Also' an account of the expenses incurred for thed On the Ist inst., at Cheltenham, the lady of Captain W. Moor
Richmond in favour of the better observance of the Lord's;-- rimare. 1‘ •n 1833, 1824, and 1823, distineuishinels°m' of a son.
Day. purposes.< Burin g. .
from ' who Est:::
othfeaesotlLinst., at Highbury-park, the lady of J. B. Chapman,
t4.those who received relief in_ workhouses those re''.4,s
Lord W YNFORD presented a petition against the
I'l°ceived relief out of the workhouses. Also an account ofd`'' On the 4th inst., at Upper Clapten, Mrs. John Hutchinson, of a
~,i
London and Greenwich Railway Bill. FAthe expenses incurred during these periods in enlarging daughter.
The Civil Processes Bill then went through Committee,• h
and erectine• workhouses. inst., On the 3d at Clapham-rise, the lady of Win. Carr, Esq.
without discussion.
DUBLIN POLICE BILL. . After a few observationsfrom the ute of Richmond. Ab DIlt• of a daughter, still-born.
as-!the Earl of Stradbroke,, and
.the Earl of Radnor
On the motion of Lord DU NGAN NON, this Bill w :
fd Earl STANHOPE explained, and said that their Lord-~
'read a third time, and passed.
'hips might negative his motion if they thought fit, but he !
The Post-office Management Bill was read a second.
'- would not withdraw it.
time, as was the Malt Duties Bill. The second reading of„ieea
The Marquis of BUTE said there was one point al-
the Beet Root Sugar Bill was postponed till Monday.
Lord DU NCANNON then moved for the last Report!3'''lluded to by time Noble Earl which had not been answered.
pland
.that was as to the practice in the unions in Suffolk 0'
to the Secretor.), of State from the National Vaccine
Association.—Ordered. t•,.. pre% entine the paupers from speaking. to each other.
til Lord ELLENBOROUGH expressed it as his opinior.
BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE. that, at all events, time first part of the return could not be
Lord SHAFTESBURY brought up the Resolutions of',,made without sending Assistant. Commissioners to evert
the Standing Order Committee, and moved that they bee
union throughout the country, and it was questionabli
adopted. I?
whether the rest of the information called for by the Nobly
Lord BROUGHAM said that it was admitted on all i.
Earl could be procured, and, even if obtained, whether it
'hands that some alteration in the mode of carrying on pr:-,..,.
--would lead to any beneficial result.
b. ness was necessary. The principal recommends-tA
. WELLINGTON 1,

sufficiently rewarded for their past services.
Mr. GORING believed that the navy well under-
stood the efficiency or non-efficiency of those officers k and
the question was for the House to consider the propriety,
after so long a peace, of having an efficient body of officer, 'll
to man the navy.
Captain PEC HELL said that he feared the proceed-
ings of the Admiralty would be of the most disheartening
nature to the individuals concerned in the subject before the
House. He hoped the Secretary of the Admiralty would hold
nut more encouragement to his Gallant Friend, in order that •
he might enabled to bring the subject forward with success
in another session.
Mr. HUME thought that the present allowance for the
navy of this country ought not to be continued, unless
there were secured to the country able and active men
in the time of need.—(Hear, hear, hear.) He thought
some plan ought to be adopted by which those
who were capable of active service, should receive more
,r;
compensation than those who were unfit for it. As;-
things at present went on, there appeared to him to be a
great want of judgment on the part of the Ministry.
He had no hesitation in saying, that when the question
should be properly brought forward, the House and the
country would not grudge a fair remuneration to those who
• had been promoted by merit, and not by favour.
Sir E. CODRINGTON made a few observations in'
explanation.
Mr. G. F. YOUNG said that the ingenuity with which
the Right Hon. Gentleman had refused to do justice to,
the three hundred lieutenants who stood at the bead of the -
list was remarkable.
Mr. C. WOOD explained. He was merely arguing.
upon the construction of the words of the Order in Council.
Admiral ADAM contended that for the last few years
the greatest attention and care had been exhibited to pre-
vent 4ny person from being put upon the list in question,
but such as were efficient in every respect. He did not
think he would do justice to • the profession to which lie
had the honour to belong if he did not oppose the motion.
Sir C. B. VERE considered that the officers of the
navy ought to receive the first rewards for their labour, but
• he was sure that some mode ought to be adopted to give
every satisfaction to such a meritorious body of men.
• Lord G. LENNOX thought the assistant-surgeons off
the Marines demanded the attention of the Government,
11 as their services were more onerous than others, although;
• their promotions were distributed in a very unequal manner.
Captain DU NDAS made a few observations in reply,l
Arid the House di‘ided, when there appeared—
For the Motion
Against it
Majority
UPPER CANADA.
Mr. HUME rose for the purpose of bringing forward his,
(notion respecting Upper Canada, when
An HON. MEMBER moved that the House be counted.
There were not forty Members present, and an adjourn-
. ment took place accordingly.

1g very useful as well as profitable.

THE SMUGGLERS.

A few days since, at the Barriere de Neuilly, near Paris,
a very smart, (lashing, handsome young lady attracted the
,atention of all passengers, and of the Excise officers in
particular, by the freedom of her movements and the too
decided elegance of her shape. She was not attended by
,iny servant, a circumstance rather remarkable for a per-
son of her apparent station, and she strutted through the , -
'gates with an air of modest assurance, which did not fail
to make a due impression on the hearts and the eyes of all ---
beholders. One of the officers, whose age has placed him -7,
beyond all tender feelings, but who is extremely sensitive.
Pin matters of business, a cunning old fox, who has detected,
Gore smugglers than any man of his time, took it into hii, •
head to fancy all was not right, and he made no scruple of '''.
running atter the young lady, and of requesting that she 7
would return to the Barriere. Mademoiselle was quite in-
dignant on the occasion, and positively refused to submit
to such an insult. The officer was equally determined that
she should be searched, and, after a brief altercation, he cut
the matter short by beckoning to two of his subalterns, by
whom the enraged belle was gently assisted to the inte-
rior of his office. There she was presented to two women.
'whose duty it is on similar occasions to make tht
most rigid examination of the person, and by them, not-
withstanding the most bitter remonstrances, she was con-
veyed to an inner room, and made subject to the
' usual process. This proceeding is conducted in a ver;
summary manner. Delicacy is out of the question ; an(
where any strong case of suspicion is excited the whole of
the garments are removed at once, and the person expose(
` nearly in a state of nature. So at least it is said ; and s(
,it would appear that the researches in question were con.
ducted. Suddenly a piercing cry is heard in the room when
the examination is going on. The two women are heard
exclaiming in a furious manner. The officers rush to the
apartment, and there they find the searchers clasping their
hands, and screaming in concert, while the young lady, sud-
denly changed into a young man, stands in the middle of
the room with the same simplicity of costume as Adam wa
in the garden of Eden, with all the false pieces of the female
form with which he had been fitted up lying near him or
the floor. The officers burst into a roar of laughter, while
the women rush out of the room, the young 'man calling to
.them to finish the examination. The officers, however
:.took that duty on themselves, and one of them proceed&
to search among the scattered fragments of female attire
for evidence against the prisoner. His investigation war
;soon rewarded, for it was seen that the false bosom an(
hips of the belle were made hollow, of Indian rubber cloth
and filled with spirits of wine. The whole apparatus wa,
worthy in form of the Venus de Medicis. So admir-
able and graceful an el', bon point would be the admiratio:
.I of the Tuileries. The young man owned that he had fo
' some time carried on a prosperous trade—one day dresser
" as a peasant girl, another as the daughter of a tradesman
His vanity had prompted him on this day to essay the rot(
of a fine lady, and he deplored that so beneficial a commerce
should be marred by his indiscretion.

MARRIED.

At St. Helen's, Isle of WiL.,,,ht, John Alexander Callender, Es(.,
son of the late Colonel G. Callender, of Craig Forth, to .Einrra
Janet, third daughter of John Young, Esq., of Westridge.
On the 4th inst., at Feltwell, Norfolk, Mr. P. W. Flower, to'
Mary, youngest daughter of Mr. Jonathan Flower. ---
On the sth inst., at St. George's, Hanover-square, J. W. Ne-
vill, Esq., of the Island of Zante, merchant, to ..Mary Ann, only
Idaughter of the late T. Plant, Esq., of Retford, Notts.
On the 4th inst., at St. Pancras Church, Mr. Joseph Beaumont,
to Elizabeth Ann, seccnd daughter of E. Tredway, Hampstead-
;road. At the same time and place, William M. Buer, to Frances
I llar daughter of the said E. fredway.

DIED.
On the 2d inst., General Sir John Smith, G.C.11., Comman-
dant Royal Horse Artillery, aged 83.
On the 28th ult., at Rochester, Eliza, widow of Major W. Col-
lins, formerly A.,3sistant Adjutant-General Royal Marines.

preheuded they were not, and thcreore they could not
coute before the House for compensation.
The SPEAKER—It had been deei !el that no persons
but officers of the House would he allowed to present claims
for compensation, unless they had previously obtained tht
sanction of the Crown.—(Hear, bear.)
-,_ The petition was then wlthdrawne
9

Africa for the suppression of the slave-trade? He wa
satisfied that all efforts on the part of the Governtneni
would be vain utrless aided by other powers, and he hoped
that any ships taken in the trade would not only be broker
up, but that the persons employed in them should be hun.
up at the yard-arm.
Colonel THOMPSON said that b-

'years before he was promoted, while a person who had in-
iierest got promoted before he had served half that time.
Assistant-surgeons in the army had more pay after ten years
!service than assistant surgeons in the navy had after
(twenty years service. Since 1815, upwards of 100 sur-
geons in the army had been promoted, while only one in
- had received that honour He thought thr

Just, . .
zions of the report were that the Committee should sit day
by day for a certain number of hours ; that the Committee
should consist of a limited number of Members ; and that
no Member should be permitted to vote in the decision who
had not attended the proceedings throughout. This ar
Frangement, be thought, would be a decided improvement,'
4( he trusted • id b \d(

rate

The Duke of L. .copes, its _
IFriend would withdraw his present motion, and give no.
Itice of a fresh one, in order to afford the Noble Viscount
,an opportunity of ascertaining whether the information,
'required could be given or not.
Lord BROUGHAM expressed a hope that any such
motion would be for next Session.

11 1'

I• -...‘ ngR
RATING OF SMALL TENEMENTS. Governor present of Sierra Leone—(Laughter)—and ne was the only livi h
p;
Mr. SANFORD begged to ask the Noble Lord ' thought that by steam-vessels alone the slave trade couldes,'',
%John Russell) whether the Government intended to be suppressed. He ought to know more than the gene -kij
Ibring in any measure, founded upon the evidence given rality of persons on the subject, as he had the honour to
'before the Poor-law Committee, relative to the rating of act as interpreter in negotiating a treaty for the suppresij
'small tenements. He hoped it was their intention to in sion of slavery. It must be most satisfactory to the House
troduce a Bill to render the oper.ition of the law less irk- to know that the English treaty was the first to give
I , some in regard to small tenements.
. - the- proper name to carrying and transporting slaves bypf.
1
Lord JOHN RUSSELL did not think the Committee' ,ea. He hoped that the Government would not subject
. had had time to con.ider the subject. If any Bill upon thet, itheinselves to the charge of taking the little flies, and let-;
• ,
, 4eojeet was brought in next Session, the Government woule4king the great ones get away.
be ready to take it into consideration. Mr. HUME wished to press upon Government the
i
- Mr. SANFORD gave notice that if no other Hon. necessity of adopting the employment of steam-vessels call
; Member would take up the subject, and if he had the the coast of Africa, for the purpose of preventing the car-
honour of a seat in the House, he should bring forward airying on the slave trade. He thought if an inquiry was,.
`.7 Bill upon the subject. instituted on the subject of the slave trade now carried
Colonel THOMPSON presented a petition from them.- on in different parts, there would be found to be a mor
Poplar Institution, praying that the puinie might be ad-7.revolting mass of evidence brought forward than that pro
i
witted to the National Gallery, &c., free of charge. Cdueed in the time of the celebrated Wilberforce. The
Mr. HUME presented a petition from Caernarvon fact was, that toe course pursued by this country had dri-•
against the system of Church-rates. Oven the slave trade into those parts where the greatest
BUSINESS OF THE HOU E. inhumanity was exercised.
Lord J. RUSSELL hoped Hon. Members who hadl Mr. WOOD, in answer to the questioa of the Hon.:
iven noticrs of motions, would now allow him to movo thQ:7,.:':,leaibor opposite, would state, that a steamer bad been
)rtler of tl,e Dray. If would be most advantageous to tIP-.%,,qrp!i.ved on the coast of Africa, but it
.was not found le

. .i.
me navy bau re,....... _ ~,ugh
,Board of Admiralty ought to come forward, and state
boldly what was due to the navy. He, for his own part,
Iwould not be satisfied without the strictest investigation
seabtrin in g thatuHpoonnsethien subject. If had
heshould thebo
honour ur of a
certainly
subject again under the attention of the House, as hitherto,
the t Session, heio n the
he had been always jockeyed out of doing so. The navy
1
shad been always put in the back ground, and his doctrine
1
t:i3 them would be—Agitate, agitate, agitate. _
A message from the Lords brought up several Bills.
Mr. FECTOR said that candidates for the office of
pilots underwent a rigid examination, not only as to their
abilities, but as to their respectability of character. The)
were not examined either by the ,Duke of Wellington or
: Lord Canterbury, but by qualified persons appointed for the
purpose.
Mr. P. THOMSON said a Bill had been prepared on
the subject of pilotage, and which, as an opportunity had
not been afforded of introducing it in the present Session,
the Government would bring it forward in the next.
Mr. C. WOOD said that it was not necessary for him
to say any thing after what had fallen from his Honoural)le
Fricnd on the subject of pilots. With respect to be mo•
ilieu althe Hon, and Gallant Member for Devizes he ow..
ltolnly did i'xpetit when thnt motion wee made die Ilr.n.'

On the 2-th ult., in Baker-street, Ann, Wife of John Shinkwin,
Esq., and daughter of the late Thomas Sherwood, Esq.. of the
Inner Temple.
On the 16th ult., at Naples, Robert, eldest son of R. N. Algeo.
Esq., of Chelsea, and of Leitrim, Ireland, aged 32.
On the sth inst., George Paton, Esq., of Upper Gower.street,
in his 70th year.
On the 30th ult., at Strathpeffer, near Inverness, Alex. Sinclair,
LOP

rodon, son of the late C. Gordon,

and therefore he trusted it wou, /C adopteo.
Lord WYNFORD said he hoped that the resolutions• Lord WYNFORD thought the Noble Earl should ap-!ioji
ply to the Commissioners, to see whether they could fur-: Esq., of Abe'r'geldie, aged 77.
I would meet all the evils of the present system, and that they Gordon, Esq of Ely-place, _
nish him with the information he required, before he `. On the 30th ult., Thomas Amphlet, Esq., of West-street, Wal-
would be followed by the House of Commons.
brought the subject again before their Lordships worth, aged 83.
RIGHT OF PRESENTATION RECOVERY On the 4th inst., in St. James's-street, Anne, wife of Ms
(IRELAND) BILL. Alter some further conversation Earl STA. NHOPE':-
,i,,John Griffith, of the Ordnance-office, and daughter of the late B.
withdrew his motion 'Burrell, Esq., of Durham.
The Marquis of WESTMEATH moved that the House .-- '
P 'Flys Common Law Courts Bill was read a third tirne-,., On the 4th inst., aged 85, Elizabeth, relict of Thos. Dickason,
:1, Esqq,,
ofof
tElnefielhalx...offi,
resolve itself into Committee on the Right of Presentation. -
On the 3,1 inst Fc.eli,zaag,es,eic2oBn.d daughter of the late P.. Nixon,
and passed.
of Recovery (Ireland) Bill.
The LORD CHANCELLOR opposed the Bill, be- ''l The LORD, CHANCELLOR moved the seeondh.k.'
Es 1
r, .
, .• On the Ist inst., at Charley, Sussex, Thomas Clarke, Esq., latei
cause he thought its provisions inconsistent with the usualc reading of the Coroners' Inquests Expenses Bill.
s, The Duke of RICHMOND objected to the clause f F.,.0 upper Bedford-place, aged 72. I
practice of the Court of Chancery. On the 30th ult., Frances, second daughter of John Lambe, ofi
The Marquis of WESTMEATH defended the Bill, for .;passing c'
~ rendering it necessary for Coroners to take an oath on they
, Aof their accounts. i=:,-street.
.t • .t
Sarah, wife of Mr. C.
he thought it would be a great improvement to transfer tilis.:Lord DEN MAN admitted that the subject deserved-1 On' the 3d at Witney, Oxfordshire,
Right of Recovery from the Common Law Courts to the, 4,1 R. Roper, and second daughter of the late J.
Jones, Esq., of With;
attention. - ''''ll
..i:il. ingtmtilheous;;lGinlostu.c,eLstoeursishai,rew.ife of Mr. James Sawyer, of Bow-'1
Courts of Equity. After some further observations, the Bill was read a
Lords LANGDALE and WYNFORD opposed the sc-0 On
Russell-square, Henry Nor-;
motion, on the ground that the Bill was not calculated tor'. The report of the Committee on the Lords Justices BMA On the 4th • in Keppell-street,
.sa, youngest daughter of Mr. T. Tanner,l
:lanclenCthheea4ptshidlienn,:stto:licLiotouri
afford the remedy which the Noble Marquis calculated on..v , • d with the amendments• d
, was read, an agree to. r.,^ ton, Esq., of Gray's Inn, aged 51. I
The Marquis of WESTMEATH, seeing that the op!-.., 'Their Lordships adjourned at ten o'clock. t:r.2
inst., Mr. Franklin Peacock, of Salisbury-sq e, iti
nion of the House was against him, would not press the,. --
, Mr. Charles Townley, of Townley, having bee.-
meastlre, ...),,:of
ONnortwhoeo4dt.h
" ''''' his 30th year.
riquested by the Electors of South Lancashire to become a'.
teandulate, has consented to stand, and has taken his depar-.,;; t d . •rrinted anifEublisbed by MURDO YOUNG
Al
Mare "11 town'9 ; ' M" FA.,4l(l.tSt4lll:‘.y,,in his sueoescruit,4l 9111:2(),T1. Strand,
No
t I, .0.11 i I, ~. •
,wnvato, ' - ~ ,- • 1 f ' '4, - 1-, , i T 1 . ~„ . Ind. 'n the cutmq
~, ,
.., , .e Aorr„,,,,t ..-- rrif :4v. ~e.,,. , •‘--,

NEW POOR-LAW ACT.
Earl STA.Ic:JOPE presented severul petitions from va.
rioug Unions in ym-lcslnres aping. the New Poor-law Act.
~ottie preyed to have the Aet reseinclod, and ethers Gore.'
