-WESTMINSTER SE.SSi C 1.78.

FitmAY, JAN. 13.',
C 044, I)EALERS.
• Our Readers widl 'recoiled, that some short time
ot tlli nante.ot Ovrt, a re,pettable
dealer in c.,ras, .was eonvieted in the petial„) ...;t
retnovilg quafotity, amounting ,at
"time. to inure than ,eighi onsitelsi trout his wttart to
vual-shed, and there vending them without
xing-previously measured tiV,the.iwi,rft or
titreir labourers; that,he,a,poled.front
mid this dayithe appe.ll caaJe on to oa beard.
This convietton wo %made oy virtue of the 47th of
the
.h.tteg,, cap, hs. nod se;:,t. I 00.
. 111 r. (.4 oit tio:, tor theApp.elidia, was heard a cpn -
slattra hie tgkit „ le.contt u nest t hat the qttest ion, was,
4).1,114 Nse, . not
..whettter the coals 9%1a Or ought
„not ro, be to red,, .whk-ther the,te was any tie-
,,,cetoity for meowing. coals that were merely. re-
- moving twin oiler ,part • _uf, the owner's premises to
,thel t And this. he argued innst be the question;
as .the anti t.gtl-shed were all belong,ng to
tit Appellant l-le,,talvd, that in no way whatsoever
.%t tre either the obtlic or the' cutrstinler io be ne7-
netited by
.sucl) a uteasurctnen I ; in point, of
44; tt Wo4d,puly be .the coal-owner measurioti
'how, out to.hunst.,l.., lint the truth
,of the 'natter
was, that 44o:whole way nothing but a contrivance:
to.put 30001., annually into the pocketi of .the:Coal
• Meters. He 11),44u ploceetledte-riclicnie.the;inforrua-
.tion allogeiiteri:us tieing. calculated but for tiintster
Ttst.i,(l4li, and Out answering utiy good public pur-,
what t;oe . ,
• • • '
~Mr. CON ST, tur the Respondents, maintained that
:,,the.convitlioio was good, both in form and sLitivittlce
• 4
• iiVtict coinellded.iii.tt I. was a most usellit tout whole-
*lNK: ttttive, a it ‘,!;• cot to prevent, in a very great
..;,dt.fgrev, ttlos•.; tuti-preictices in the sale of coals;
3;. t,titc,ll hut too inklv prevailed in their admeasure-,

CIWEMAN detivere;l tits sowie of the Coutr
upon which tiiat it *as toad
io ail its prts, itad ought not to bit tiaimhe4.,
4,•ACCusEI) ridKetKart'S. •
• octrite:c, ali,ts Cottesybectu;
~who %rem 1+ L. 13, cotivitithi iiitrofe. 11w), :one
10/1111e Police Nra.;i,trines at! now-btri:i:to as rogues
v,tgrant -Ilii day appeMed against that

,b/11% Po,,Lty, in a very long argument, supported
.the,convittinn:.

Krret'k took objeaions to it,. Loth in mar ter/
arid sits to die Mauer, because, as lie,
-tended, ther'e :vas not etidence etioholi whereon to
-0
warraor' thei'Abigilitrate. hi • making tile conviction,
hot evident e eiiad?h of vagraney ; and, a. S to form,
tieratise in the convi6tion, there was a misreeital of
the"M.l,•arisitig twin :-a detect in the Ad itself',
rneitnikt- the 42ii ortlie Ki6g; 'which reached and
rei&rezi to 'the ,f•ttli Geo. IL unod which the con-,
•
v ior t'w a k friti i )(led.
, Paot.r:y aitsutiered these ol.ijeilions ; the first,
•by cal:l,lg wit itssei .to 'prove' the Vagrancy for
orAthitfrltirpoie O.fthepiticers of
Agow-mArco, ate Priiin.crs year,,
an'
,;)tic: na-
ittrally :I.Sigaing Various reasons far
each of thrill at different
liVes 'lit co3to ', oft various. chargei, :according to
1-thtAr 011 c.ro?,,i.eitaatiittatiott; .410%.ever,'
hat mai a 'recent occasion, one Of;
them hal ~oVeit 1)t.)018' of :cite itt;twlttt• itt which 114'
I,,:i'breal as '.dettlet in 'horses and that
ii,,,thekeeper, tiot qow. foilOWtog un-
tittitoAti Cottait!ti. 'to the mistecital of.the Act, be
tiv'ol;:,t it to'ifiivolous to bear argument, or tiserve
' • • • , .
The CiffilkAtAN having heard the counsel,' en
4taitr deii:•trecit his 'opinion; in, which the re-'
ruiriticier .of-the st.uned to agree, and it was—,
'That the'convidirai, snbitfitice, wa.rgood'in. All
to 'rite form, frnhilou4 414 it seemed,
he- had 11..,1,1tvide• tip fail mind. The misrecital of.
trn A6.Cot ,Partiaitictit.was consiclerable tilagnitude,
in Isis opinion ; he woidd, *therefore, take until the
adjourned day to consider • that 'point. In the mean
nine he diree,ted the Prisoliers hi-be:remanded:

ficxtuites 'abiiut..torty, and has a m313/tie
frequently vihjtrd 'hip); by, causing
a kidd at cntivillgiVe and inv..lutitary motion of the
eyea •und'rfiticles-tlf the tact-s6yeral flints whilst he

stood ttt the-doa. •
' :-Woodtkard-ic slender and well made, his the ap-
pearance o i.u.ength am.l at.tiv;ty, and somewhat

older than Swine:

White is the youngest cif the three, much about
the titze of Soames, five- feet 'five orfive7 inches and
a half, and strop; made. They were well.tire4sed,
and pan! great ic..tentiotoo the proeettcling,s._ Whet)
tiotm: of the odicri were giying their testimony,
they' tebied strot,g Selltiat,O,US indignatita6-
tontslirrient. '

RILIZTV.

'As- the relative importance of this part of the
world is likely to be increased to an jnealeelable ex-
tentl by the' late lett:resting event In Portugal,. we
resume ourEistrads from ROW 6 Account Of
'his VOVege. to Cochin China, a work that abonnds
iii't•ali'leb information, and-which is particularly
entitled tat public attemion for its ample account of
the place where the fionse, of BRAGANZA, cruelly
edriven trots Its Elll-0011.POSSeSSiOnS, is 'abollt- to
found on Empire, that willaiford lea full compensa-
tion for all its loss,' ~if.mettaged with sound 'policy.
" .The condition. of the field slay& in the
is preferable to those
.employed for domestic pur-
poses the towns ; the latter being ill fed, having
one.h.oliday .otily in the week, and not,'capableeof
earning much by his laboutc. But I am- far -from
thinking,. \kith all the advantages -,of a tine- climate
and, a. productive soil, that the condition' eveii of the
field slaves is equally comfortable to that of :the la-
bouring peasantry of .Europe, .which., some of the,
advocates for the coutinutince of slavery boldly assert
to be the case in the West India 'lslands. , The Mind
of a labouring freeman _goes with his work, and die
reetsiumboth as to thequantity expedient to be done,
and the Manner of doing it ; if' he should be cote.
trouled in these respects, he is at liberty to leave his
employer, and engage with another. But the West
India slave is not only compelled. 'as to the:quantity
of labour to be dew, but as- to the mOde• 'also in
which' he must do it. „Every action and every mu-
ment of his life, put him in wind of his unfortunate
condition ; he must ,work, move, speak,-eat, sleep,
and exert, in short, every•aCtion and energy, both'
of body and Saul,' to the' will and caprice Of his
owner. So, say the anti:ebolitionists, must an Eng-,
ilstrapprentiee. This is not a fair comparison. The
apprentiee,nitie times ant of ten, makes ilk choice or;
and, voluntarily enters into, seine trade or profession,:
under a conseiuusnte.sa of the advantages which in
'all probability he will thereafter ilerivefrOM it. He
looks torward to the termination 'of his setvitaide
with set) 'ations of.pleasure, exulting perhapS in the,
idea t telt the day is not tar distant when he may.
ceme -the comfort .ind support of 'his, parents.:
taint what is the prosped of the unfortunate African I
Eternal separation from his dearest 'friends; endless
slavery ; severe labour; treatment traore cruel, . and
neglett more pointed, as • age and infirmities Shall
heve made him less valuable to his owner.
. • " The slave at the /Neils has many advantages,
over the slave of the West India Islands. The cli-
Mate of the fortifier is rntinitely superior to that _of
thtilatter, auk. tltc.seasons of planting and of reap-
ing are of longer duration; The owner of a 'sneer
plantetion in the NVlOndies has btu a short period
4
allowed hint durieg.t e rains, to girt his canes into'
the ground. Equally short is the season at reaping'
them. I; the canes are ,net cut down when telly'
ripe, the jniee Aerates,ev
.if:they.are eta and not immediately pressed,•
the juice begins tai, ferment; awl' is fit , Only to no
convertea j:),, cftsttllatkrtt. itito.,ruin. At these sea'sons;
therell.-)re, pen parlicularltie the latter,. every hand-
thet ton wed:, !weever teably, importance to
the planter.; and the ur-gent. denland for htboue
senie:imesiiiikts bhp wholly insensible to iiete of
iithitinaeity wI to m, perhaes, at other times,
appear to fine iu their tide light, and ati.odiouS and
amruc:i.ius iu the extreme. This is not this case
seasoi cirpliftipu, on account of
the' longer eolith eance Of_eetu, is least two
bgye 16:),D thOWC:iit the gra•
dual' ripening of the plants, pronacted iu the same
proportion. It is not, therefere, found to be neces-:.
nary here, as is the. case in onteC'oloeies, to drive
th slays to work with the craek or the lash of the
whip, 01 to lregtilate the 6tfOkt: of I.IIC ball 91* the hoe
by the measure of a forced.Suog.
" The neother, however, of:the4frican /naves
thatare'atiouelly imported., into the;,Btazils atinro:
a presumptive proof that here, as well as in the West
it suits tbe interest of the plauter to pur-
eleise rite,v, slaves, in 'preietence to the rearing of
young ()Iles, by, allowing, that, degree of patentel
atteetion on the part of the Mother which a state
of IterplesS, ineeno necessarily requires. It, is inr
vain to tell us that. the conditiou of the African
negro is meliorated in the Colonies, when a eenstaiit•
iMportation is reqUired "fei,:keep up their numberse
But even admitting that their situation wax improved
by a pessage. across the Atlantic, by, what tale of
tight do we aisseine to 'ourselves the power of com-
pelling people to_be happy contrary to their Wishes
The advocates kw the'continuance of t he trade, that is
td say, the slave merchants and the planters, being
driven froM all their former grontid of aqui/tem,
have ingeriiously called in the negroes theinsulies
to answer the questioo, and to:oppose theabolitiOn.
Ourtnainer's estate, say the negroes, must prodnee
so much ,sugare',for °'whielt,purpose sn iii my new
negreeS art annually platinised ; but it the trade be
put 3.n end ta, arid the saitie quentity.of canes
.must
be.planted, the olcl negroes will be obliged to jto the
.whele work theniselves; if, therefOte, you
,do not.
',cootintio, to import. we shall use our endeavouiep'oef
to cantinne stay longer your slaves. It required some
itieeee,,ty to invent any, iiev arg,unient' in favour of
"tie4•eiteinuarice, of the trade,, when the question had
beetep loog ;led ably discussed., atlvoCates;
however scent. to ieo4rit,ell to the wall, when,
they fiat it- necessary to call
.in the aid of slaves yi
!tenport the cause. et slavery; but drowning mien will
cetch at straws.-
". It has freqnently,beencoutended-that the; thing of
the negro is neither as susceptible tiaras retentive:of
impressipits.; as that of Eeeopeaus.; ,and that •.,We
, . „ misternut, theretere, teetieasure. tnetr wimp:ay
ourtown. The,,validity
:such an opinion. may
.be",called in guestioneand the point Considered
is :aitideeitled whether, among the: differ
ent'varieties' of the human species, where,erganiz-
, :Pion is,eqoally pe'rfeet, and cireemrt sta-es.suniler,
,themetital faeulties, in each of them may,uotelae
capable. of exert teal)aoel4e,gree oftener Ttei
`suciden:teriaucipation of halt, +millioo in 'St.-
Dorninga.for.rnS a, Pe *,:Ne aura its thec hietory- of' 'rain;
-i.vhieh, in theeeetirsee Of a few years, will, thraw
Mare ligth,pft. ,tlie true ~ehattiier.ef rile- Blacks thaw.,
hithette donieerthe'ettertid-
eereS tointriletetf by Oessalines,itreenoteto wmidcr
!.(:ii:iii'd'eriterlrin Ichaeicter•is to be-
tifftt t lett ptaet? Power which, 4k surfer..
L:abm witicli "pet tideetnat brutaiity,

could inflia, it.rested at length, one, of the. most
fertile commie's in the world
,out the hands Of its+
ilnhuman oppress-ors, and broke-the chains of Calfic
tyanny, shOnld have been able to coultn:,►iJits
.;temper. and 'ad kvitb moderation-, 'whin, had the
virtuous-Tous,,aiut escaped The fangs rif"l3minaparre,,
would-probly 14iVe betn the case ; if, in the 'pro-
gress of its glorious straggle for liberty, it should
hate
,been fort Mime, enongh at'aid those'lliffroik
which .stained the French subte6ion' (I 'will* not
call it hy .the respe&aWe name of revolution), hoW
much superior would they have risen wi.sdom and
humanity to their late maStere,, wham they have
certainly not exceeded either in arrocit, or it;
folly ! 'Such a -Coaduel, however, could hardly be
expected. The first burst of enthlitirn tram clrribls
and dark ignorance to ehe'all-clieeritig-,r,ay of librty,
is a trying moment ; a ch:ange.pr,?gnant with
infinite. danger. The ciOlited french' have no' ex-
cuse fbr the many horrid enortnitieS., coo:mined by
them in IlielnoSt wanfiki iniderttel The
savage blacks nut insensible of the 'horrors which have,
attended their emancipation, pi. H.,im to all the
werld.ihe rca*ons which cmu.,(.1.,-.! ‘hyin to ,R% of
cruelty. " 1 -.1.11 . • ;;ti" lnuoi`~ttt
petwns .haveperiShed,' hi.:-(Bijo-
nApart6fg) heA'; i -
ther-in-law, Cleve,
all the white' inhabitants .-t
60.000 blaek citizens fewe,
of his armed slaves .;iear
last in this .(-litnate.- •.1t w,:s : , ' dun;
atrocit'c, and treachery, that are:, - :..y op;
pressed and innred children, 4ild iiatatea es fok
ever frorn the nhither.country. ' • `•

,

hc coutinuekt

,• f

Ai •;.

'~,

•

1.-40EUN'SrSCIIY ISTlE.—Nesterdav Geor#e•liruirt,' the
..Chelsea butcher, .atia Thom orbonntiart , Vim.have.
been several.times exaMincd on a charge'tif stealing.
twenty-fiVe sheep., the prOpertt of 11Ie4sm' Swaine.
and finned, from a field tiefir 11;ignigv-Welk on
the evening of the 28th of .Deetilber, were 'again
.brought up. A boy.,- of the nAryte.:bi.Ltoyd, aged
about eleven
.years, :was examined on the p: it of
Rudd. Fr'orn his evidence no additional cir -um
stance that was in the least favourable •to Rudd
transpired. The Plisoni.rs were then" fol'y coni-
mitted for trial, and the; parties botind, rivet- to pro-
, secute.

1
