THE FUNDS.

We have a great number of arrivals this morning from In.
dia, several of which are of old dates, excepting one from Bom-
bay, of January 10; and the Company's ship Sir Thomas
Coutts, which left China on the 16th of November. The let-
ters from the latter are just delivered. As yet we have not heard
of any news of importance. We understand that a large quan.
tity of silver has been brought over from India.
The City, late in the afternoon of yesterday, was thrown into
some confusion by a general report of the resignation of Mi.
!linters ; this morning the cat is out of the bag, and it is only
a change of places, which is much approved of in general,
more particularly the removal of Stanley, as it is thought it
will hate a favourable effect in Ireland. The plans of Go-
vernment, in respect to the West India slaves, are as yet un-
der consideration, and doubts are still entertained of the eman-
cipation of the negroes.
Consols opened heavy at the prices they left off-87 for the
Account ; but, the French prices coming higher, they im-
proved to 87 !i

HALF-PAST ONE.

The market, which was rather heavy in the early part of the
day, has become more animated, and Consols have improved
from S7lti to 87 for the Account.
We have neither political news nor reports at present.
In the Foreign market it is settling day, and it is chiefly oc-
cupied in adjusting their accounts. All at present is going off
well. The heaviest account is that of Dutch.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, 87 sj Vi•

Mr. O'CONNELL has addressed a letter to
Mr. DWYER, in which he recommends the Irish Volun-
teers not to dissolve themselves, as such a dissolution
would be tantamount to an admission that they were an
illegal assembly.
Some labourers on the roads, near Surfleet,
last week discovered four pot jars, in which were the
bodies of four infant children.—Boston Herald.
The Garde National of Marseilles states that
on the 16th inst. the lightning struck a farm-house at
l'Estaque, where three young girls were asleep in one bed,
and killed her who was in the middle, without injuring
either of the others.

IMPERIALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, FRIDAY, NIARCH 29.

The EirEAKEn. entered the House soon after twelve
o'cl Eck.
Mr. PRICE PRICE took the oaths and his seat for Car-
digan

ST. GEORGE'S MARKET.
Mr. Alderman WOOD pres-nted a petition from the
parish officers of St. Jiii,n's and St. Thomas's, South.
work. ag•iinst the Bill for making a new market in the
parish of S . George.
THE CLARENC.E (DURHAM) RAILWAY.
Mr. HODGSON presented a petition from the Cla-
renc, Railway Company, praying for leave to exhibit a
petition to brine in a Bill.
On the motion of Mr. MADOCKS the amendments to
the Abergavenny Rod Bill were read a second time.
Captain YORKE brought in a Bill to enclose lands,
aml to einntnute the tithes in the parish of Oakington, in
tne county of Cambridge.—Read a first time.
The amendments to the Denbigh and Mole Road Bill
were read a second time.

.BICESTER AND SWALLINGTON RAILWAY.
On the motion of Mr. DAWSON, the Leicester and
Swa lington Railway Bill was read a second time.
MARYPORT HARBOUR.

On the motion of Mr. BELL, the Bill for improving
the Harbour of Maryport was read a second time.
On the motion of Mr. DENISON, the amendments to
the Egbam and Bagshot Road Bill were read a secor.d
time.

GREENWICH RAILWAY.
Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY presented a petition from
the corporalio❑ of St. Thomas's Hospital against such
parts of the Greenwich Railway Bill as affect, d their in-
terests.—Referred to the Committee on the said Bill.
The Haverfordwest Bridge Bill was read a second

Mr. LAWSON presented a petition from the Protestant
Dissenters of Boswell, in the county of Leicester, praying
for the entire abolition of slavery throu:hout his Majesty's
dominions; also a petition from Toomas Newbold, a
schoolmaster of Walcot, in the county of Leicester, for a
reduction of the duty on taxed carts ; and one from the
Political Union of the working classes of Loughborough,
for the a.,olition of the corn laws, for a retrenchment in
all the departments of the State, and for a substitution
of the property tax for the present system of taxation.
Mr. FOLEY presented a petition from the town and

neioibouthood of Tenbury in the county of Worcester;
for the ab,lition of slavery.

Mr. BARNARD presented petitions from St. Paul's,
Deptford, and from Greenwich, for the abolition of the

house and window duty.
Mr. TALBOT presented a petition from St. Mary's,
New Ross, praying the House to take into its considera-
tion the manner in which the charity funds of that town

are administered ; one from the same place against cot•

porate abuses, and another against tithes. Also a petition
from L idy's Island against the legislative union ; and one
from New Ross, praying for Parliamentary aid, for the
purpose of making a canal from that town to Kilkenny.
Mr. Sergeant PERRIN presented a petition from
Carrickmacross, in the county of Monaghan against tithes,
and from two parishes in the same county against the
Irish Disturbances Bill ; one from the Irish Law Society,

complaining of the alteration of the currency in the two
countries, and praying that the jurisdicti,n of the Sim ill
Debts Courts may he extended; and one from the Go-
.

vernor and Gaol officers of the gaol of Monaghan, praying

that they might he put upon the same footing as ganl,rs
in England, which was referred to the Committee on the

Grand Jury Bill.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from the united
parishes of Rossgarlane and Inch, praying for the vote by
AI-o petitions from the parishes of Kilmabridge,
Ferns, and Glynn, against the Irish Disturbances Bill;
and from the parishes of Tinter, Rossgarlane, and Inch,

against tithes.
Mr. M'LOUGHLIN presented a petition from the
Governor and sub-officers of the Galway gaol, praying
that they might be placed upon the same footing as gaolers
in England. The lion. Member also presented a petition
for the abolition of tithes, from John NAwlan, in the parish

of Barryeany, in tl.e county of Galway.
Sir ANDREW AGNEW prevented petitions in favour

of the proposed Bill tor the better too-ettrance of the Sab
bath from Jedburgh, Burnley, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Kirby
Londsdale, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Colchester, Market:
Drayton, Ashhnurne, Woburn, from the poulterers, coach
proprietors, and fishmongers of the city of London, the
Presbytery of E linburgh, Birmingham, Paisley, Wig-
ton, Inverness, and several other place..
Mr. BEAUMONT said that he had a petition to pre-
sent on the satne subject ; but it had not yet fallen to his
turn tie pres-nt the petition, and be feared that his con-
stituents, from whom he had received it, might consider
that be had been neglectful of their wishes. He did net
mean to impute the exercise of cant to the Honourable
-m cr below him (Sir A. Agnew) either in bringing
torward the proposed measure, or presenting those peti-
tions with the object of which he (Mr. Beaumont) en-
tirely disagreed; but he was opinion that cant and hy-
pocrisy had mu h to do with the crying out for the better
observance of the Sabbath. At the proper season lie
should move an amendment upon the title of the Bill,
eAlicli lie seould designate, " a Bill for the better Promo-
tion of Gint."
Mr. HUME was of opinion that it was not by legis-
lation that the people could be compelled to become pious.
He was exceedingly anxious to see the Sabbath Day pro-
per y observed ; but he thought the proposed measure by
no means likely to produce that effect.
Sir ANDREW AGNEW said, from what had been
o'iserved to the House, it would seem that there was some
inisconceptien rela ive to the measure he was about
t► bring forward.—(Hear.) The principle of the Bill
was to recognise the cessation of all labour on
the Sabbath Day, and on the second reading of the B II
he would receive with great pleasure the suegestions of
any Hun. Member, which might best go to the carrying of
that principle into effect.
Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSSON condemned the using of
such language as had ben applied to the contemplated
measure, as well as to the petitions that had been pre-
sented in its support. Some of these petitions were from
congregations and towns in Scotland, and he believed it
would be admitted that the great majority of the people
of Scotland might claim a high character for morality and
piety, and that they were sincere in their desire that the
observance of the Sabbath should be better kept.
Mr. ALEXANDER HOPE felt called upon to dissent
from every statem nt made by the Hon. Member for Nor-
thumberland, which went to tax the petitioners for the
due observance of the Sabbath, with cant and hypocrisy.
He must pretest against the observations of Honourable
Gentlemen, when the religion of the country was called
in question.—(N t, no.) Ile might be wrong in saying
" the religion (if the country," he meant the religion of the
petitioners. Whet that was called into question on an occa-
sion of such it ter -st, lie must protest aeainst it, observing
that he thought tie petitioners were right in bringing their
petitions form ard, and that all who supported them would
be not only doing their duty to themselves, but to their
country in siting in the completion of the measure. He
would not now give any opinion with regard to the Bill
about to be introduced by the Hon. Baronet; but he must
say that the ohs rvations which had fallen from him, leaving
it open to all parties to consider the matter, and take
Oat course which would be most likely to obtain a use-
ful and beneficial end, were most candid and
Mr. POTTER considered that the Hon. Baronet
had not acted fairly by the House. He bad expressed an
intention to bring forward a Bill to prevent Sunday
trading, but the Bill he new proposed would disorganize
the whole social society of England. It might do for
Scotland, but it could never be tolerated in this country,
and if the House allowed the Bill to proceed to another
stage, it would become the laughing-stock of the country.
Mr. A. JOHNSTONE deprecated further discussion
upon the subject. He considered that it was extremely
un•air to make those attacks on the Hon. Baronet, which
had been made by the Hon. Members for Northumber-
land and Wigan. He was much surprised to hear the
latter Hon. Member state that the Hon. Baronet had
dealt unfairly with the House.—(Hear, hear.) In
justification of the Honourable Baronet he must sty that
he lad never pledged himself to bring in a Bill of a
limited nature, v z., the prevention of Swishy trading.
What that Hon. Member had undertaken was to bring in
a Bill founded upon the report. of the Committee, upon
the table of the House. The Bill was now before the
House, and would be shortly before the country, and he
felt assured that the Hon. Baronet would not stand forward
and defend every iota of the Bill, but would be ready to
withdraw from the Bill those provisions which were most
ohjec Tenable, The Hon. Member for Middlesex had
alluded several times to the opinion of the Bishop of Lon-
don, that it was impossible to legislate in such a way as to
make men more religious and pious. In answer to that
he would say that the Hoe. Baronet never attempted the
adoption of such a tours., and in his opinion the Legis-
lature would go far mit of its way in attempting to legis-
late upon such a point. He deprecated further discussion
upon the suttject.•_(Laughter.) He begged to observe that
in what he had stated he bad confined himself strictly to ob-
servations in answer to Hon. Members.—(Hear, hear.)
He earnestly entreated the House to give time for the
consideration of the provisions of the Bill, and he would

promise for his Friend, the Hon. Baronet, and those who
supported bins in his views, that they would not be un-
willing to adopt the sugeestions of Honourable Members,
that won it tend to the improvement of the Bill.
Mr. O'CONNELL thought it his duty to protest
against the Bill as it now was. It was quite a different
B;11 to what he expected it would he ; and as it stood he
would give it as decidedly his opposition as he had intended
to give it his sup tort.
Mr. RICHARDS rose to speak to the high cha-
racter and worth of the petitioners from whom
be had presented his petition. He regretted to
have heard the language of the Hon. Member for Nor-
thumberland, language which, if not unparliamentary, was
such as he hoped he would never again hear applied to
petitioners who petitioned the House respectfully, awl in
a Parliamentary manner.
Mr. COBBETT said, example being better than pre-
cept, the Gentlardan on his left (Mr. Johnstone)
had given a pretty good proof of his sincerity that there
ought to be no such discussion as that which had just been
going on. Without intending, however, to follow that
example, he would merely express his thanks to the Hon.
Baronet opposite for producing this Bill in the state in
which it wag, because it was so bad, and it would
make such a revolution in the country, if it pigged
into a law, that there could not be the slightest
expectation it ever could paas.—(He ir, hear, and laughter.)
He agreed with the Hon. Member for Northumberland in
every sentiment he hail expressed.
Mr. MACLEOD did not think it possible that the Bill
in its present shape could ever pass into a law ; and if
the Hon. Baronet should proceed with it, or with any
such Bill as at present advised, he would give it his most
unqualified opposition whenever it might be brought
forward.
Mr. BROTHERTON said that, although he admitted
a man was not to be made religious by an Act of Parlia-
ment, nor was he to be made honest by an Act of Parlia-
ment, yet lie would give his support to any measure tend-
ing to lead to the better observance of the Sabbath, be-
cause it at present w is any thing but properly observed.
An Ho`. MEMBER said that if this Bill was to be
carried into a law, there were many works in this part of
the country, which ever afterwards it would be impos-
sible to carry on.
Mr. GUEST presented a petition from Merthyr Tidvil,
against tie Beer Bill. Also a petition from the inhabitants
of Taunton, for the better observance of the Sabbath ; an-
other petition for the abolition of negro slavery ; likewise
a petition from the inhabitants of a parish in the county of
Devon, respecting certain dues under the control of the cor-
poration of Exeter; and a petition from the inhabitants of
Brighton which had been intrusted to him by one of the
Hon. Members for that place to present, signed by 1,400
persons, against the Irish Coercive Bill.
Mr. BENTINCK had been requested to support the
prayer of the petition from Taunton, for the better observ-
ance of the Sabbath. He did not think that much could
be done in this respect by legislative enactment. He
thought example would be infinitely more effectual on the
part of the influential than anything Parliament could do.
Mr. FAITHFUL was satisfied that what the Hun.
Baronet had in view could never be accomplished by the
Bill he bad brought in.
Lord W. LENNOX rose to order. When a petition
was handed over for presentation by a Member to whom
it had been sent, to another Member, it was not compe- I
tent on the presentation of that petition for any Hon.
Member to make observations upon it.
Mr. SPEAKER considered that the lion. Member for
Brighton was in strict order; but still nothing could
tend more to prevent the House knowing what the object
of petitioners themselves was, than using petitions as pegs
upon which to hang debates, and which had been done to
a very considerable extent this morning.
Lord W. LENNOX undoubtedly understood that when
a petition was presented to the House by any Honourable
Member than that to whom it had been sent, it was not
competent for any Member to debate upon it.—(Cries of
" No, no.") It was so laid down the other day, and he
himself was stopped in consequence.
Mr. SPEAKER—AII I can say is, that I did not so
lay it down.—(Hear, hear, and laughter.)
Mr. FAITHFUL would abstain from further occupying
the attention of the House on the present subject ju-t
now, assuring the Hon. Baronet that his Bill never could
pass i ito a law.
On the motion of Mr. BANNERMAN, the petition
respecting the corporation of Exeter was ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on corporations. He then pre-
sented four petitions from Aberdeen for the strict ob-
servance of the Sabbath, for the repeal of the assessed
taxes, in favour of the Labour in Factories Regu-
lation Bill, and for the repeal of the soap duty. He
also presented petitions from the inhabitants of New
Mills, from the town of Perth, and from the parishioners
of Eshe against the system of Church patronage.
Mr. O'DWYER presented a petition from the nianu•
facturers and we ivers of cotton in the town and county of
Galway, complaining of the distress to which they were
reduced, and praying for a repeal of the legislative union,
to which they attributed that distress. He also
presented a petition from Drogheda against the game laws.
If the Secretary for the Home Department had been in
his place, he (Mr. O'Dwyer) intended to have asked nim
a question upon a very remarkable letter, which he hid
seen in the Time., of to-day, stating that two men
were to be executed to morrow, if no order to the
contrary was sent front the Home Department. Those
two men had been convicted of an infringement of
the game laws.—(Hear, hear.) The letter was written
by the Reverend Mr. Maherly, and stated circumstances
which, if they were well founded, should lead to a remission
of the sentence. He hoped that some mercy would be ex-
tended to those unfortunate men.
Mr. GILLON presented petitions from Kilsyth, Airdree,
Lanark, and Hamilton, against the present Church Eats-
blishrnent in Ireland. The petitioners were fully con-
vinced that the real cause of discontent in Ireland was
the unjust anti impolitic endeavour to force on the
people of that country a religious in which they
did net believe. He hoped the House would, by the vote
to-night, prevent the infliction of military despotism in
Ireland. He also presented a petition from Oldham, in
the County of Lancaster, complaintng of the general dis•
tress which pervaded the industrious and productive
classes, particularly that of the hand-loom weavers. They
attributed that distress, among other causes, to the
ruinous competition of needy adventurers who were
obliged to bring their goods into market and
sell them at reduced prices. The mischief, although very
injurious to the manufacturers themselve-, fell most severely
on the poor weavers. They prayed the House to establish
a Central Board of Tiede, with subsidiary bowls in' dif-
ferent parts of the country for the purpose of fixing the
rates of wages. As the 'liaise had refused, and that in an
extraordinary manner, to grant the motion made a lew
nights ago, to inquire into the present general distress of
the country, and as a motion was on the books to inquire
into the distress of it particular class, he should give that
motion his cordial support, when the Hon. Member for
Lanarkshire (Mr. M .xwell) brought it forward.
The LORD ADVOCATE presented a petition from
Edinburgh, adopted at a respectable meeting, and signed
by 6.000 persons, in favour of the immediate abolition of
slavery, which had his entire concurrence; also a petition
from Edinburgh for the better observance of the Sabbath ;
also a petition from the Merchants' company Edin-
burgh, for the repeal of the assessed taxes ; also a petition
from the same body in favour of burgh reform in Scot-
land ; also a petition from the Edinburgh College of Sur-
geons, complaining of the monopoly exercised by the
Apothecaries' Company of London, and praying for a re•
peal of the last Apothecaries Act.
The SOLICITOR•GENERAL said that he bad been
requested to support the prayer of the petition, and which
he begged to do.
of The
the
Earlah ehotfieOn RoNflEelLavleEr.oprefrsoettnitedKpiiestyitthio,nßs
lain favour
irgocvtie,
Aughtergaven, and Piteairn, all in the county of Perth ;
also, petitions against the lay patronage exercised
in the Church of Scotland, from Auchterarder,
Comririe, Muthil, Crief, P drie, and Benlochie; also,
petitions praying for the better observance of the Sabbath,
from Dundee, Dumblitne, Auchterarder, Muthi I, and
Stranraer ; also a petition in favour of the Factory Bill,
from the manufacturers and others of the parish of
Blairgowrie and Ratrey.
Colonel HAY presented a petition from the inhabitants
of the Royal borough of Inverary, relative to Church pa.
tronage in Scotland. lie bagged to observe, in al-
lusion to a statement made by an Honourable Member
to-day, that the Church would soon be swept from the
face of the country, but he hoped the Church of Scot-
land never would be so swept away. The Gallant Colonel
then presented two petitions from the inhabitants of the
towns of B tuff and Cullen, praying for the reduction of
the duties on soap.
Mr. COBBETT complained that no member of his
Majesty's Government had, according to their promise,
been present during the presentation of petitions, and as he
did net think there were above fourteen or fifteen Mem-
bers present to receive the sixty petitions he had to pre-
sent, he begged to move that the House be counted.
Mr. LABOUCHERE said it was most desirable that a
Cabinet Minister should be in that House during the pre-
sentation of petitions, but the Hon. Member must be
aware that a great pressure of public business might at
times render it impossible. Such was the fact at present.
He knew for certain that Lord Altborp was most anxious

to attend ttuday ; indeed, he had been requested by tha,
Noble Lord, if any observation was made on the suhrct
to pologise for his ab4ence. Under these circumstance:•
he hoped the Hon. Member would not persevere in hi-
motion.

Mr. COBBETT intimated his intention to persevere.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw.
In the mean time Lord JOHN RUSSELL entered,
and was addressing the House when we entered. fit
said, that if it was necessary for him to make an apology
to the House for his absence, his was that be had been
attending a Committee, where the interests of his con-
stituents were much concerned.—(While the Noble Lord
was speaking, a great number of Members entered the
House amidst much laughter.)
Mr. SANDFORD would only make one remark. At
that moment there were 26 committees sitting. Under
those circumstances he hoped the Hon. Gentleman would
withdraw his motion.
Mr. COBBETT (looking round and laughing) said
that he would not now persevere.
Mr. Sheriff HUMPHERY presented petitions for the
better observance of the Sabbath, from the parishes of
St. Margaret, Westminster, Stratford-le-Bow, St. Ann
and St. Agnes, St. ()lave, Southwark, St. John, liamp•
stead, and the congregation assembly at Buckingham
Chapel ; also one from the parish of St. Saviour's, South-
wark, for the abolition of the house and window
tax, and one from the same parish against the
New Police Act, and praying that they might again hare
the superintendence of the police in their parish.
Many lion. Members having left the House during the
presentation of these petitions,
Mr. COBBETT again moved that the House be
counted, amidst cries of" Oh, oh." Stringers were or•
dered to withdraw, and the House was counted, when
enough were present to form a House.
On our again being admitted, we found
Mr. RONALD FERGUSON presenting a petitico
from the frame-workers of a place in Herefordshire, pra3
ing for an alteration in the corn laws; for the abolition of
all taxes pressing on the industrious portion of the commit
nity, and that the rate of wages might he fixed. T
Hon. Member said that he concurred fully with the peti-

tioners in their prayer, excepting as appljed to the fix;nk
of the rate of wages, which he feared would not he found
to be so feasible. The Hon. Member then pres-qatel
petition from the Protestant Dis-enters, under the deno-
mination of Baptists, assembling in George-street, Not
tingham. The petitioners stated that they felt themselve•
to be grieved and oppressed by being compelled to pay any-
thing towards the support of the Church Establishment.
and prayed to be exempted from the payment of Church
cess, to which exemption they conceived they bad an ad-
ditional claim, from the relief afforded to Irish Catholic,
from such payments. He alio presented a petition from
the same body, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. WATTS presented a p-tition from the city of
Canterbury in support of the Bill for the better ob.
servance of the S bhsth. The Hon. Gentlemen bad in-
, tended to have voted in favour of such a measure ; thy
it was impossible for him to support the Bill introduce,:
by the Hon. Baronet. Should that Bill pass into a law,
he would recommend the Han. Baronet to introduce
another for tile confinement of all persons to their houses
during Sundays.--(Hear, hear, and laughter.)
Lord GEORGE LENNOX presented a petition.
signed by 200 inhabitants of the norough of Horsham,
and another signed by about 700 Members of the Horsham
political Union, praying for a repeal of the duty on malt,
hops, and soap. The latter petition also stated that th.
petitioners had heard that large sums of money had beer,
voted out of their pockets by previous Parliaments at ver
late boors, and prayed that the Hon. House would hold
its sittings at earlier hours.
SIR JOHN SOANE'S MUSEUM BILL.
Mr. HUME brought up the report of the Cammittet,
with the amendments tha, had been made.
Mr. COBB ETT said that on the third reading of the
Bill, he should present a petition to the House, from Mm.
G. Sosne, praying that he might be heard by Counsel at
the bar, against the Bill.
The SPEAKER observed that as it was a private Bil
it was r of necessary to give notice.
The Dublin Steam Picket Bill was read a second time,

and ordered to be committed.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call over the
different names to the Members in his list, through the
whole of which he proceeded without a single Member
answering to his name in consequence of the thin
attendance of the House.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the names from
the Notice Bo ik, and had proeerded through the list to
the extent of 50 or 60 names, till he came to that of
Mr. BULLER, who presented petitions from Kingston,
in Staffordshire, for the better observance of the Sabbath.
The SPEAKER then called upwards of 50 more
names over from the book, none of the Hon. Members
being present till it came to
Mr. COBBE fT, who said he had upwards:oi 60 petitions
to present. He begged to remind the House of the objection
which he bad made to the present mode of presentint.
petitions. He hail now waited upwards of a fortnight lot
his turn, and had it not been for the absence of lion. Mem-
bers he should not have bees able to present them to.day.
It would he apparent to the House, from the list that the
Right Hon. Speaker had read ever, that the names of
several Hon. Members were repeated five or six times
over. As long as such a system was allowed to be per-
sisted ia, the presentation of petitions would become a
nullity. There were not at the present moment 20 Mem-
bers in the House to wiiness the presentation of petitions.
The Hon. Member then real from a list the fallowing
petitions :—from the borough of Carmarthen, and from
two places in the county of Carmarthen, agairr: the Irish
I Coercive Bill; from Preston, agreed to at a public me t
conven d by the Mayor, praying that their Irish
eret,ren might not be subjected to military law, to
deprived of the right of trial by jury ; from Norwich
fir the repeal of taxes, and praying that no more
blood might be shed in the collection of tithes in
Ire anti ; from three places in the county of Mayo, and
frotn the Tower Hamlets to the same effect ; from tto
city of Ely, for the repeal of the assessed taxes; front
Chipping Norton, for the repeal of some of the taxes, and
the substitution of a property tax; from two persons
named Hunt and JoLnstone, for a repeal of taxes, and
against the Irish Coercive Bill ; and from a person name
Anson, against local taxation. Th it was the grosses
s 3 stem of taxation, for many of the general taxes were 110'
half so cruel in their operation as the local taxes. The
truth was, that a set of interested individuals got Bil
passed on their own plausible stories, without the peopo
knowing how to go about opposing them, and the conse
quenee was, that they were grievously taxed by the local
acts ; from Manchester for the repe it of taxes on know
ledee. What was meant by that knowledge be did not
know, fur it could not mean newspapers.—(A laugh.)
He should call such a tax, a tax on lies and nonsense. From
James Duna, a barrister, complaining of the pro-
ceeding of the Magistrates of Cheshire; from a per-
son at Leamington, against the system of tithes ; front
Joseph Townehend Gorman, of Gray's Inn, praying that
defendants in actions far libel might be allowed to prove
the truth of the libel ; another petition for the repeal ot
the taxes on knowledge ; ft om the Society of Free In-
quirer in St. Marylebone, praying that persecutions far
re:igious opinions might cease, and for the release of the
Rev. Robert Taylor—(that prayer he hoped the Heuer
would grant, as it bad received so many petitions in fa
your of the Jews) ; from the same parties, praying the
House to take into consideration the case of Rich ,rd
Carlile.—( Hear, hear, hear.) Mr. Carlile was not
prosecuted for religious opinions, but for seditious libels ;
he had suffered two years' unprisonment, and at the end
of that period, he was to pay a fine and find bail, neither
of which he c uld do, so that it was to him imprison-
ment for life. That was quite contrary to the Bill of
Rights, which stated that no person should be required
to produce excessive bail, anti it should not be
allowed ; from Manchester, complaining of the nu-
merous evils which resulted in making laws at
midnight, and praying the House to alter its
present practice in that respect ; from Norwich, against
what was called white slavery, and the distress of the
working classes; from Eccli ehill, in the county of York,
in favour of the 10 hours Factory Labour Bill—s prayer
which he believed was likely to be granted ; from
a place in the county of Nottingham, for relief from distress
Also petitions against the Coercive 831, from the Political
Union of CI theroe ; from Spitalfields, which prayed that
just measures might be taken against those who proposed
it ; from the h toilet of Seale, in Lancashire, which far
ther prayed that its proposers might be impeached;
from a public meeting assembled at Wisite Conduit House,
which styled it the Bloody Bill for Ireland ; and from
Llanelly. Also petitions from Bristol in favour of the
better observance of the Sabbath. From the Northern
Political Union, in favour the Vote by Ballot and the
repeal of the Septennial Act, and from John Marshall, of
Canterbury, praying the House to make justice snore
cheap and attorneys more honest.—(Laughter.) Also a
petition from Oldham to throw Coroner's Courts open.
Also a petition from Manchester, signed by 36,000 per-
sons, many of them of the greatest opulence, against the
Irish Coercive Bill.
The Han. Member then presenteA petitions from the la-
bourers of Stoke-Hclycross, in the county of Norfolk, front
parishes in the counties of Mayo, Leitrim and Wexford ;
from the Political Union of Jedtereough; from tne
inhabitants of Hythe, in Suffolk; from Gisborne and

I.tmington; from the Norwich Political tint 'n
from the mha it,;.tm ro. John.,,,e, in lienfcewsh le ;
loin the Kilburnie Union„i,vrahire ; fr-ot
Chowbent s; from the inhabitants of Hammersmith; f 0 '1
'hr Nation! Political Union, and from Tunbridge, K•ittp
azainst the Irish Coercive Bill. Alan petition. from

the Pollockshead Political Union, praying for triennial
Parliaments ; from Denbigh against corporation abuses ;
from certain members of the National Union of the
Working Classes, for a diminution of their buedens; and
hid
tiriaeekeeehniavifiti•
f.-om Richard Newson, a soldier of the 53d Regiment,
onplaining of unjust treatment, and praying the House
t investigate his complaint. The Mrarnea for the Tower
EI unlets presented a petition from an officer, the other day,
c unplaining that he hail been oppressed by a courttnartial,
and he had done himself much honour by the manner in
which he had brought it forward. He would not do
himself leas by taking up the case of this poor man, who
trivial offences_( Hear, hear, hear)—the first being
from
iontt Itti:acede t,oleirspeeren.
proper
dur
entrusted
hundred lashes
efl
daps
thaoeptitehr for
tocr Committee.
thern:
wrap up
his ammunition in. He particularly wished that that petition
should be printed, and complained that the power to do so
The House was granting 14,000/. a year for a Mu-
ton for the pleasures of the rich, while it grudged
1,000/ a•year for printing the
petitions of the poor.
['he Hon. Member then presented two petitions for Dr.
Baldwin, against the Irish Coercive Bill.
Mr. LITTLETON denied that the parties presenting
oe•i•ions eottld not claim to have their petitions read at
length or printed.
tient-. a t Fr.itUUSON was desirous that the petition
,vhich the Hon. Member htd pr. sensed relative to the
flagging of a person of the name of flews an should be
taken into the serious consideration of the House, be-
cause, if the contents were true, it was a disgrace to the
army of this country.
Lord J. RUSSLLL said he should take an opportunity
.1 getting the particulars from the War-office, and
•tating them to the House.
Mr. COBBETT was about to present one of hia peti-
'ions, when the Speaker left the chair, it being three
