h s trey as :r to Cwi6trtioltiA:3e, R 71,1
no t give the indictitiOn Of 111% hvii.7l;
the hirmilibfile Er:trii; of a Vtaitit agal.t'st .thc
politait-(;tivtrtsat'esii. itsert. •

It co.curs st..ont l'iinelatriatliWir rSiati.A n'y she
luFurrcnt Leader, Ilot.lv:ka, and eopivil into
preceditig thiit the Veueitiela
have resorted fti the piri;olie
ing, thnt..all the Slaves in thwt quarter shell he
liberated at once. will, it is said, give li-
berty to 70,00(1 Negroes; and our i::
while they lentil atseet,
that it will fur' nish " t, Patriot Arnie thttt may
now bid tit:fiance to all the threats ati;l ex,rtiotts
of Spain."

Much do We question the truth of their angarlt
and when we read this Ordonnanee, it is WO' 1
sible for us so to hoodwink our judgment as to
join in the applause bestowed on thole front WhOla 1
it proceeds. These Patriots, so fond Of freedonit
never thought of the " imprescriptible rights Of
nature" enjoyed by the Slaves, till their aid lit-
came necessary to prOp the rebel 'cause. AO
Why,- Low then du they- consult these Fights?
fully, they call upon every man fioM fithrteell to
sixty years of age to enlist in their arm withils
twenty-four hours, tind if he Nils, these lover,i
of liberty, and ad vocat es for imprcseriptialo
rights, not only condemn hint to .livery, but ail
his innocent s• children, his wife, and aged • Pa-
rents :" to a slavery, too, let it he ob,ervori
rendered trebly galling and burtliebsOtne by 11'''"
liberation of others, who were wont ,to share
and lighten the same yoke.. This is, jade"
a pregnant example of what the friends of freedom
mean when they belloW for emancipation. 144 ""
translate it into intelligible language— "Juno us
in overturning the existing order of things, "'Pi
you shall be called Soldiers instead 'of Slaves; but
refuse, and yoUr chains shall he doubled and Y('''t
guiltless families be consigned to the sfime miscra
ble fate )", but, oh, this Patriotism is a bali°4
Thing I. . ...

The Worthies of IVestmin4ter are oboe to
emulate the.CommOn hull Worthies of L.,,id"r•
Palace Vald is about to furnish its quota of sell'
Jinn aml folly for the bene:it of the Nation, A
Morning
Put/1 a 1" 11'111, reipectahlc men
CIA
not attend these Meetings,' and put (town 114::
ruthless raggatoutfins," who usurp Ow Pi"
lie "ire on these occasions. Surely (be
must have been aware that no re'Pect3bs
man dare trust himself in sivh company. lII°
Countryman who visited Nrw:gate soon lost hi•
watch, am! it would be highly indiscreet of "/
wie with property in .his pocket, or a watch
his fob, to venture himself oolong such eittir""
tors as form the patrintic-Ainlitory tither at ales°
London or ‘Vestminster Meetings. Ve ore cm);
vinced that the leading orators themselves mot.'
avoid the dangerous collision, were it tint lb"
they are separated from their followers by tilt/
ominous elevation of a scaffold.
What, besides, could well-intentioned or loyal
tutu do at such assemblages. The mob ;voter
ten to reason, and Jacobin mobs kart of any
`Thaw
t"-
!trate a dissent front their own opinions. 6
freedom of•discuisiOn is all on one sides "1'
free enough they make with whatever 14 honest'
decent, or good; with whatever is vdoable Its“nr
glorious Constitut km, liberal, enlightened, 'en"
table and wise. No, no, it is better to Wave OA
orators to their rabble, and the rabbi,* to their
orators. Despised by their CA211)4), they unl
in-
nocuously do theirY
exhibition, and stir a"
shout, and' hallro, d
an aY

The villainous flag upon tbottrrauf',..
IS'hich rots itself in motion."

The, rterd,iy the rtittiett
RE6ENV rock out *Ault', het ecti• three end lour
o'clock. The ACCOltlit receitied he London Pilaf; •
(ley twetsing fryibs emulrt,
' to fosy, starei bis Rapti-fig/Yam was, going. 4)1).
rensatkahly well.
There is an expectittintr(civ4
t Q. 11
that
is countrythe v 1Z
:Till i"1:14
1;11 I ft::
1
Win{ Cr here.. rter Aldsittq-ty lies fregnentl/
pressed. a wills' to visit het gild 1.,14:141'
bra, since the poke, the stage mit her health' 1"*
often been unfitioiii•ahle for the jotreney. ri
ncAitiet:l4-rgn lee Cortez► Memo,,, of C(l)rrtt()ltfiCteiDOcif..
titer e-ty, 3tfttillg' rfom to
nh
lAjeeecitiniernt:hil."o"4:l(litt J3+'ll
"14.
by the various &on:4h 411111 fOreitta veels
had pitreipitntely tledfront Al:tiers, there wit"
son to presume Van the Al4ttines (let-10112
4gblint the Sminish commviet. kle had, tlicTfr
.e,
fore, received orders from (.4,trerronent to 141:'/4
the towers ',who enist, to take baiterill°'!".",,,'
creeks into Which Spithith vessels might
serve' on being pitmen, HIPI I" OP Pt". 11: 1
:111,:".;
Pgrtirt of .-CdVdity I() p.irpott them, sod prg—
nay, nggression insuult.
UvolothAntltis brother Jattoete, 'it Orr'
rolls 111)111,1f Prince JEHOlklit ott 111.INTE014T. "4":
is ItBvelliOg in Gertmloy,, nod about to trocertl
Austria, the Entsperor having given 111,11 nna
