PL4iIV/OUTA, ...JAN: 1 0,-"AffiVecl the. g,ibrsektc,A;
4 Brave' and Loyal POrtugtise ! !—The
PO vons, from the Channel Fleet, in 'rorb3)froui ,
op
,r4iYfin
yr
tine s
tt d that, requires all your best energies to. sop:.
the S,sedish Ship Thetis, LONGA Ek;
r!!,?/0 Lthe gauntlet you have gallantly thrown before:.
'Oppressor ofEuroPe—fortitude and_ cottrage,
hohci, with tar for this Port also the British
taken by a French Privateer of 18 guns,"he
an:t re-taken by the Amazon Fiigate. • I mat with yonrselyes —success mud vielory belong to
the Almighty Dispo!,er of events tt f riled

N AVAL N

diDDitESS

it) 1113 PEOPLE

„ •i yet, we, oun
hope in the justioe and `sarietitfol your holy,caose
Poarst+l 0 II ~1A N. 1 1.--Arrived the Lady Hood,
(the glortous 'muse of Liberty and Freie6m) cannot:
I7LANNAGEN, frOill London, b..)ond to :St. Christe-
pher's ;' Jupiter, GRANT,, from Penzance; but beyotirs ••• -.
MUST, Friends. Endeavour, STONE', ' Gene, °° The ..hitherto fortunate- Fret cli General, the
trcs,l4roti'-dlipriliclietivti-and presuming Corsican' Ususper; has not,
from Fovvey, ; Three Brothers, -WascOTT,'
flits' ''r.l?ssured, ,en idle during the few rriCntlis the
lives; Edaiard, Lt.TDD, from Lime; Kitty, itisisarr,
trout
Dengarven 3. Providence, WHITE, froilltaintill air laf. liberty has been, pet-Mined to pervade yGur
Hopewell' coultithr: he will throw,
/licatheiv, CEUINL AR, trOlll- rOghall ;
or attempt , to thrtrw
from Water cord ;,and. the Providence;'
jat4ii_st
g you, his myriads of locusts, aCcustomed tR
froi» Wales, for,Gucrosey. 'blood and massacre; remorseless wretches;:..with
symbols of plunder, pillage, kit, and rapine, for .
their banners ; but the page of history . has yet to
record the subjugatinn, of two nations, closely allied, ,
like Spain and Portugal ;—brave by nature, loyal.,
from principle ;--driven to arms and resistance by
rank oppreitsbn, goaded by insult, and invaded by
treachery.—.—No !. such a phalanx is irresistible; if -
thenoble and manly' spirit, so wisely begin]. and
hithertoiO-fortunately prosecuted, is but persevered
in.—Let no' false reports appal, or gaudy proffers
allure--Let all be a6tivity, loyalty; heroism, and
glory ; every' individual must. assist for the salve.
tion of his Country : those unable to fight should
contribute ; if unequal to either, then unceasing.
lilenplore from the God of Battles, protalion and
bi!f: •
Ipriastperity to the united arms of Portugal, Spain,
lead) England must be unanimous; for if dig:*
lad. &ion or distrust is once admitted, there will the
crafty enemy grasp and cling, with his accustomed
Contumacy; there will he
fasten_-
his proudest.
thought. of viEtory, and ,crush in, your defeat the
rising hopes of .millions.
Na art has been left untried, or opportunity
omitted, to wean your ardent and heartfelt gratitude
nom. Engtandour generous, true, and real. friend
!audally. What is stiled the Convention-of Portugal,
rlittrbeen condemned in' terras illiberal and
04 ; However that "measure may, upon investi-
•
tiation, turn out either as a triumph of French f:neise
over British'huManity, or otherwise,
goner—has been concluded, • and cannot be recalled
in Id, should be no. longer, -rememOered, but the
recolledionburied In multiplied manly energies, and
increased effedlive exertions of soul, wind, and body,
to preserve the air of liberty acrd loyalty,
now vert'
hafting the, plaint; of tu‘it3n.ii, t

Went out of iLirbour Majesty's. Ship Boa-

diced.

LmouTn,JAN.g.—Arrived the Spanish Schooner

N. 5. Ile la Vegonia; Captat3 BIuADA, train Gijon,

in six days; with a cargo of nuts, 8t.e..10r
.Bristol.
The captain reports, that the British'atid
.Spanish
Armies, in conjunation, were mating the 'French.
This was generally believed ;at Gijon, when he sailed.
Arrived the Brig Maito, Cart. PraNr, from St.
Croix;-id London, with the 1039 of sails, Sze. She
patted from the Fleet on the 6th itist
Al3ti arrived his Majesty's Ships ilaive, ilmazon,
Rolla, and Serpent, from a criiize. •

Sai4.(l his, Majesty's Bomb- Gluckstudi, for
mouth.

The 'Snake Packet, which sailed froniAtereiovvi
the Ist lust,' for America, has returned
riJr.ltp T./Ut
with three feet water in her hold. duoay

DAL, JAN. 11.—Arrived and sailed for the River
the C7io, LAIINIAN, from St. Kitt's; and the Pelican,
BELL, fioin Berbice.

SIIIIEIINESS, JAN. 10.—Artived the. Deptford
Tender, 4ieut, ANTnist, with volunteers anttlitill
pressed men for the Fleet, and Danish priststlets.
Several Ships have pasied up the River„ in tow
by Sloops, with die loss of their masts in ;the late,

. .
I' Bkat,thons, Nov._ 12,--It 'appears by • subse-
quent information to that in our last, sta.ing the caps
tore of a French Brig of War, that it was his Ma
jdsty's ship Jason, and not the Circe, wliklt was
seen towhig the prize into Dominica. The enemy's,'
vessel is said to mount id guns, and it would seem
had given some ditticnity at the capture, as, when
seen in tow, hot. 19ainiop.itnut• Wail vine. nod she
I Wet 4 under a jury hae.top ; Ilia 64;544 uht,l satiS :Abu
much damaged., ' • . . , , , -: '
Besides thii %essol, another of the etilemy'Sbrigs
has been 'captured, which with several others laid
' I recently -sailed from the French Islands for France.'
Ot these, "he Brigs liEipoir and impei-atrice, and
Schooner Jenne 'Melte, were oil St. Martin's on,
the 30 h oh. OAI their. twat:ward-bound ,passage.
. from G..;:t.lalo;:pe, when tilt, Schonntr, John Bark,
' a Small l'iav;neer of Antigua, tell in with thetn,, 4ivct
wade nitiosi. ikkilifot,4ol) upon )4' gipair, Liod.:Ciip4
her. by boardiug in the face of her cornpavfo44
voyage. This vessel Mounted eigiit gqkied,if,
4t.
;nen, and the .privateer only. one gurt,. 1410
~ io . •
men, with which she carrie',l her prize.saTeligt, 7
tigua. The force of the enemy's other bri, lylit .1
, tuff .) . II
.
guns and zit) inch); and tliiii of the schootter sti.t,4), $ I
and 20 Men, all laden 'with Colonial prodtice, and
inoreintont each 0' his own satety than on ntutual
slipport in the 1164 of danger, as neither of thern
otfered the 'east :assistance to their fellow-traveller,
whose voyage issti coinplei.ity frUsirated.
Aecenuts to the Gill in:.t. trout 0' Martinique
' mention that Island. to ),.' then under the
.hic,elcade
of -I hat sail of Men w Wm. , incLiding live sail hifAe'•;
Line. , . . :,0.4,11,14--/

" Be the ever-united trio 1-4-''POrtugai, Spoilt;
and England,' the motto upon yotir banners, p,riandil
and vietvriously-waving Death or' Preedom.'..—ThP
cOIIO, people.Of Portugal, 'tis,,,var"; open, avowed
war., new surrounds you.. No bribe Will spoth,,tlo
.negotiation stop, the rapacious marauders. YOLK
annihilation or glory, As 'a nation, is involved.in'the
:itriesent strutgle. •Delay not, therefore, a inotneilt
.!tpmlly round your
,Joyal standards; you tif)t
font -tor leaders; Generals will from the ranks
rtaiteroes fill ; the paths of Valour are Oion to you, ;
,stpvards will be proportioned to your prOwess,,
north to south noble exttinples of heroism have 04
•readybeen 'set ; resistance to unjust, oppression is
the watch-word, nod the cry. for vengeance is.arlia.
every, where. Your children's children will hand
occasion to bless your memory, and posterity bewail
that they bad no share of the glory in obtaining ti4t
freedom you leave thern." .
ri 123 d Pecetnter, 1808.
•
-•.1

Front tett to twelve sail of Men of Waff,weroialso:
employed in the blockade or. GoadalOnpel and
bntb Wands were again reduced to Cettsiderable
di,tresi the Want; of salted provialun,J,, flour,
and tobAcco,.wlitch hear a most exorbitant deinan:.l.
The Pompth ttax
,sailed • this day train hence to'
.
• join in:: mot:Radii% squadrons.

A:Gentleman lat ly arrived from Russia, give;
r c
-tridst deplorable account of that country, '-n°
people groan untler most abjed slavery." Ther6.
is a most positive. Edict against any petiOn mentioa-
ing the condud of their Government. If two Per'
sons are seen in serious conversation, they are si:L3-
peeled of talking politics', and seldom arr‘tst'
,However,, It it generally undcrsteod that the Etnlio.
rur ALEXANDER gave 'II I'S promise to BuoxiipAttilt
at Worth, to watch the, motions of Au.tria, NCIIIIO
he went into Spain, and' it aepert.:vived any thing
hostile- to to ,ID‘trei) rf far ;o anny iota lien •
territories. The people are Itiut:ll ‘ii,§nii•ifiLn.."., I hose.
..its mercantile situations particularly. .ware
- houses are toll of property, in a lititto
.of deenyt
particularly tallow ; and it is a cotuMon saying
. amongst the lower order'of the pt:11)1 that it will
l„ frnd its way to England, in spite of Governmea:,
as it turns into maggots, and they are thrown into
•
I 'the sea.

DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZE MONEY.
To the sloci..) Wo Salvage' fur the Re-caplure of the
Ann, tout Butt-My-money Wr the Capture ot the Spanish Pr..
vatecr Vcagatt;akt, on toe 14th at tip. it, Ce,:.l.street,
Str;mdw d
an atter wants 'at toe same piaee. •
TO the Itoeuuck„, for the Capture :Of the Prussian Ship
Anna Snphia, on hoard ;At Yartnotith, on the 13th inst. and
every 'intraday and .Friday utter Per Owe months,-at -No. .2,
• Leadenhall.streer. •
To tile /!rincesb, fur .the.doentiuti of the Prussian 31titi
CuilllllCMC', at No tt, Ceol.:stre,:t, Stratict, on the 14th inst.
and afterwards at the same place.
the'Sytnile, tor the t.:aptore of the French Corvette
L'Epiegte, on • board at Plymouth, tit the t.pit inst. and
' aficrwards at No It. Cet;il-strut, .Strand.
To the Fox, hired armed Cutter, for the Capture of the
Demerary Packet (irt'compauy %kith the Isis) on the lath
ins'', At No: 23, Norti,lk%str...et, Strand; and on.*vcry Tues..
1' day and V r.day for three years at the 5.1111.:p1.4e.

tThe Ship Pally, . of New York, passed Dover co
tliVihniday, from Rochefort, in ballast, hating. rs aped
tnenee twenty days ago. The Captain is'
;Awed the boatmen, that ..hearing that he and NI
would be taken out and imprisoned, he cut-his
otimble, and got .safe out, about se, en o clock at bight,
I.svith the Custom-Pomo Officers on board, who'll°
charge of .her..' The french Officers say, that dor
must_ never:go ba.ik, as they, will certainly be 4401'
There are a great nuMber of 4iiierican Ships in
Rochefort, which the 'French arc distnantling, and
Making prisoners of the cre.ies.
The French General LEnsvits: left Plymouth on
Sunday tor Reading, where-ne is to remain pawnor
on parole. He is about 35 years old, and was too4t_
splendidly dressed. He wore ti.e Star Of the Legion
Nth _.Honour.

`fire. • •" 'or
Barton arrived t.iverpool on Moikcraz
Barbadoes ; sailed the 1.3 i h November. tliNtko ey
: Urc
W:18 very closely blockaded by Admirtil
with five sail ot the line and 14 higatesii 4974 iii eb
~Plimpile man ot war wrist( (win t
day,- tai join the Admiral. , .Guadal.)rq,e .IfS AI oh:
- very strict blockade..
;.• Inconsequence of the return of Cipt. Sir Tue.
YVILLIAI6-4() I'4E4:gland, !he following
. novo ts 4141 been made by Sit AIX Xi. X D tA,COC il KAN X
•of thellara4,.,poSied to the ,
Julie; Capt. C.M Ettot•l; of the AMittes, to the Ha-
zard ;Chpt. Piwro, of •the Dart, th the./ rietuicl ;
Lieu!. SLOAN, of the Neptune; tu4deCeturnauiAWrr.'44.
the Dart.- •
Govertinlent- Life. Ann nit doe -Illibkivisifttil
are now ',avg.' • tbtd t

bbiT GZORGE SNIITII is gone on .a Mission of
littitille.e to Cadiz.
