btitLlN, iqxy

•••• • •
L. • 4,

is Majesty has been pleasel, by. his., lto•al Let-
ters Patent under the Ga•at Seal of Ireland, to ap-
point the Right Hon. DENNIS Ito*ES DALY and
TTIONIAS SHERIDAN, Esg.. to the'Otfice of Muster
Master General and Clerk ,of the Cheque of His
Majesty's Armies and Garrisons in Ireland. .
Yesterday evening their' Graces the Duke, and
Duchess of INDFoRn were entertained at a grand
ball and stepper given by Mr.„.l-onN LATOUCiIto in
Merrion-square, fOr Which preparations had been
splendidly arranged.
His Grace the Duke of BEDFORD has been graci,
ously pleased to present the Dublin Society with
'seeds and plants colleaed in New Holland:
•

WEXFORD, MAY 7;

On Sunday last a very soleam,•and, in this paft
of the kingdom, an unusual ceremony took place
in the Roman Catholic Chapel of this town. The
increase•of population of Newfoundland has been
so very great within these few years past, and that
population cozsisting principally of Irish Roman
'Catholics, it was deemed necessary that the Presi-
dent of the Missionaries in that part of His Majesty's
dominions , should be raised to the epistopal
dig-
nity.' • The first who enjoyed that high 'station is
the venerable and Right Rev. Do6tor O'DoNNELL,.
whose exertions in 'the. 'godlike work of promoting
virtue, maintaining tranquillity,, and exciting chriS-
• tian benevolence, were so. great, -that His Majesty
condeScendingly settled on hint a considerable pen-
sion for life. This
,Gentleman having arrived at a
very adVanced age; and anxious to spend /his last'
days in tranquillity and ease, determined to return
to his native country ; Dr. LAMBERT, for many
years an.exemplary and useful resident in the Con-.
vent in this town, was consecrated Bishop, mid is
shortly to preeed to that distant Cblony; to super..
intend the mission there. We have no doubt that -
under the guidatke of .this excellent man religion
and morality must flourish. The ceremony of con-
secration, like all those of the RoMan Catholic
Church, was extremely solemn, and well calculated
to inspite awe and veneration. The immense crowd
assembled to witness the solemnity prevented, in a
tertain degree, the grandeur of the ceremdny.--
Many. persons, •of different religious persuasinns, ate
tended on this occasion. How happy would it be.
'for this hitherto distra6ted and divided country, that
this circumstance could be considered as the corn;
-mencement of conciliation, and final close of that
disunion and• distrust, which, like unto rust, has
gangrened society, and sullied the bright virtue of
Christian Charity !--As the Right Rev. Dr. CAUL-
FIELD was preventedby indisposition, the ceremony
of consecration Was performed by the Most Rev.
Dr. TitoY, assisted by the Right Rev. Doators DE-
LANY, POWER,- and -RYAN..

Atonspiracy was lately formed amongst the Ma-
lay troops in the service of
.the King of Candy, for
the purpose of dethroning that Sovereign, and, raising
one of his Ministers, a member of the insurre&ion,
to the throne the Oot, however, mtscarried, and all
the principals in it have suffered.
Accounts front Bencoolen, received by the late
Overland dispatch, state, that violent and sanguimuy
disturbances have for some time prevailed among
the native chieftains of Sumatra. Numerous villages
have been ,destoyed, and the natives carried imo
slavery.
The First West York Militia are on their march
froM Norman Cross for Hull. They will be ,re-
lieved by the Royal North Lincoln.
Saturday, at Mariborongh-Street, :111:
butler to CHARLES LAMBERT,. Esq. in -Fitzroy-
square, was charged with stealing-from his master's
wine cellar 270 bottles of Madeira,„ Sherry, and other
wines.' The Prisoner had a second key, made to fit
Bramah's patent lock, with which the wine bin was
, fastened. Other facts transpired sufficient to_ war-
, rant the commitment of the Prisoner. . •

At Marlborongh-street Office, yesterday, a man
was deteEted in the a& of picking a Gentleman's
pocket of his pocket-book. The perion robbed was
paying attention to an examination, when the Pri-
soner- got the pocket-book from his pocket; but on
being deteaed, he threw it down in the office, and
attempted to make his escape.' He'was committed
for trial.

A few days ago a new,'. improved, and enlarged
Edition 0f.16,000 collies, making in all '80,500, was
published of " Solomon's Guide to Hoular.", They
are bought up with an avidity truly -astonishing, fully
repayity- the D9aor for the,care and attention he has
bestowed in• revising and cdrreaing it. People of
all ranks, should never be without this valuable mir-
ror (which is sold at-only three shillings.eaCh copy),
and which refleas so much honour on the Author,
not only as to the morals of the rising generation,
but also for the rules and regulationS of their health,
laid down with such accuracy and precision as to be
understood by persons of every d4nomination.

On Saturday, at Fulham Cottage, the Lady of S. F. Lett—
swn, Esq. of a Son.

iII‘IRRIED.

Yesterday, at St. Bride's Church, London, Robert •Raish-
dall, Esq. of Boston, in the County Of Lincoln, to. Miss
Bonner, of the arliT.'plac;.
The same morning, at St. Mary-le-bona Church, Atkins
Edwin MartidAtkins, IE4 of Kingston Lisle, in the Coon-
tYpf Berks, to Miss Ann Cook, of Upper Wimpole•street,
slaughter of the late Major William Cook.
