ACCREDITED TO IT.

The ardent desire of delivering itself from the yoke of a long
slavery, and recovering its independence, determined the Greek
nation to undertake the war against Turkey. The same senti-
ment during the unequal struggle inspired it with courage to
face death, and lent it strength to endure the most cruel priva-
tions. The Senate, seeing now that this blessing, so dear to all
Greeks, is granted to them by the magnanimity of their august
Protectors, is inspired, as well as the whole nation, with pro-
found gratitude.
Greece had no sooner taken up arms than, experiencing the
want of order, she adopted the form of government which she
then judged the most suitable to her situation. At a later pe-
riod, at the Congress of Trezene, she placed the helm of affairs
for seven years in the hands of a mab whom she regarded, and
still regards, as worthy of her -confidence. Considerations of
high policy change at present this system of administration, and
Greece, destined to be governed by a Monarch, is about to pos-
sess in that character Its Royal Highness Prince Leopold. The
choice of a wise and virtuous Prince, Whose high reputation pre-
cedes him, offers to Greece the prospect of a happy future. She
rejoices at this so much the more, as she learns that his Royal
Highness has nobly refused to accept the glorious and difficult
task of effecting the happiness of a nation, before he has secured
the assent of that nation.

The principles which has induced his Royal Highness to form
so generous a resolution, as well as the uprightness of his cha-
racter, are the surest guarantees of his inclination to consolidate
the national liberties which Greece has consecrated in four as-
semblies, and which she esteems as necessary and as precious as
existence itself. _ .

Other ties, equally formed by gratitude, already attach the
nation to his Royal Highness, The Greeks have learned, with
emotion, the strong anxiety which he has shown to defend the
principal interests of the State.
The Senate considers the extension of the boundaries as so
closely connected with the real independence of Greece, it con-
siders it so necessary for the accomplishment of the generous
intentions of the Powers who signed the protocol of the 2d of
February, that it cannot refrain from snaking the following
observations
I. Upon the Continent the provinces which, with a popula-
tion of about 100,000 souls, are to be detached from the new
Greek State, have often opposed a barrier to the devastating
.torrent of the Ottoman troops. Upon the sea, the island of
Candia, which has been exposed during nine years to all the
calamities of war—Samos, where the enemy's forces have so often
been repulsed—lpsara and Cassos, which did not fall until of er
an heroic resistance-,,have acted as so many bulwark,, against the
fleets of Bizantium and Alexandria. With what feelings will
the inhabitants of these unhappy countries see that they, the first
defenders of the cause, sink ag.an into slavery, while their com.
/Anions in battle are restored to liberty ? Ought the one to be
torn away irons atoll which the Turks have never dared to tread,
and the other from a land stained with ther blood, which recalls
the recollection of glorious victories and the names of their most
illustrious. chieD ? Is it not to be feared that in the excess of
their despair they should renew the I.locdy scenes of Missolonghi
and Ipsara ? We know the enthusiasm with which the inhabi-
tants of these countries are attached to their native soil—we
know also the character of these warlike races, and we
shudder to think that the massacre of a whole people may soon
afflict the compassionate minds of the August Sovereigns who
protect us.
2. The frontiers assigned to the continental part of the State
are neither secured by mountains of difficult access, nor by deep
rivers. The Acheloos and the Sperchius are, especially during
summer, small streams, fordable in several places. The boundary
line, far from crossing precipices and ravines, passes over a flat
and desert country, which oilers no means of defence. To pro-
tect such frontiers a cordon of several thousand soldiers would
be necessary, and enormous sums of money, e.ther to raise forti-
fications or to procure shelter for the troops.
The island of Candia being excluded from the Greek State,and
the Archipelago remained thus exposed on the African side, it
will be Accessary to keep up constantly a considerable naval force.
which are about to be separated from her, and exempt also from
h
in its present
..state, although possessing the provinces
are
required by diplomatic relations, and a perfect in-
ttGerree x
neeaclelorganization, can hardly defray with its' own revenue a
third of its annual expenses. How, then, will these revenues
suffice when Greece shall be dismembered, and bounded by

3. The provinces of Roumelia, ceded to the Porte, fUraish two-
thirds ofoili land forces. If these soldiers return to their homes,
Orfreee will be herself deprived of the sinews of her strength,—
' t)f-Lasee4 very -arisii which have so heroically defended Miss°.
lough acid Athens. .If they rennin among its, Placed in the in-
terior of the.cotintry,, or upon,the &outliers, will they be passive
spectators' hr their misfortunes, ' faithful observers of peace ?
exclusion "of the islands of Candi* of Samos, of Ipsara,
of Cassels; of Soio, of Ecariao of Palmos, of Sero, of Ca-
lymros. of Assypalea, of Carpothos, and others. will not fail to
force the emigration of men inured to war, driven to despair,
who will infest the Grecian seat, giving themselves up to piracy,
favoured by the proximity of so many inhabited inlets, and of de-
sert and 'undefended shores. What will then become of the
rising State of Greece? Where will then be the tranquillity on
land? Where will then be the security of commerce at sea
Where would independent Greece find sufficient means for keep-
ing up a large fleet, and for paying numer,us troops
4. The detached, provinces of ftoumelia, far from giving im-
portant revenues to the Ottoman empire, have always served as
an asyluin for a free and warlike people, causing to the Porte
almost continual uneasiness and expense. Will not these pro-
vinces, to the independent and warlike.spirit of which a new
impulse has been given by nine years of war, and which ;s
placed, it may be said, at the portal of two,States, afford male.
mils ready to be inflamed by tho slightest incident, and to re-
kindle the fire of a war which is bardly.extinguished ?
Let us, however, suppose every motive for a new struggle to
have ceased, and the martial character of these people given up
to Turkey to have been softened down ; - the Turks will occupy
all the strong frontiers: in the mountains, and will at every
moment threaten the Greek State. They will henceforth exer-
cise an influence irreconcilable with the elevated views rf the.
august monarchs in settling its fate

S. Even if the Porte sho-uld sincerely desire a lasting peace,
would its subjects, accustomed in every age to insubordination.
quietly confOrm themselves to its wishes, and would not the in_

deOnCient Greeks of the bordering provinces, not being pro-
tected by a boundary, strong by nature, be continual), exposod
to sudden invasions of the ho des of Albania and :Aria? here
then would be the guarantee of a permanent peace between the
.Greeks and the Ottomans ? Have even practice' means been
offered to the inhabitants of the countries separated from the
Greek States, of securing their property in case they should
wish to renounce their country P No, for if, according to the
protocol of the 34 of February, the Turkish inhabitants of the
Greek State are permitted as the Greek inhabitants of the
Turkish State arc, to sell their property and to emigrate, it is
evident that to the former, such as the Turks of Eubcpe, such a
sale might he, possible and profitable, eansidering that their yro.
petty is situated in a country which is destined to enjoy the
benefit and advantages of a regular administration the case
would be quite otherwise with the Greeks,—with those or Acar.
nania, ,for instance,-for whom such a sale wank' be either of
trifling advantage, or altogether illusory, I m fact, what man in
his senses would purchase the property of an Avarua:Lan, in a
ct4r; ry where arbitrary power alone exists, end whichis a prey
to disorder ?
Independently of these fatal results, the restricting of th*
will draw into independent, Greece a large number at Indigent
persons who, with tears of despair, will quit their Wive but cu.
slaved country. Can the inhabitants of the Greek State, united
as they are to them by the ties of fraternity and by solemn oaths,
abandon them to their wretchedness ? (sap they deliver up to
misery of every .kind, and to the @course of epidemic diseases, a
people already .so often-cleelniatial by death. Menahers of the
Greek family, do not these unfortunate individuals remit to be
relieved in their afflictions P But what are the means of reliev-
i g them ? Is it by means of the national landss or the fluids of
the public treasury ? The national, lands !
The sth Articleof the Protocol state*, .4 The Act .f Amnesty
eof”the part which he may hat e
of the Porte shall proclaim that fie Cheek in the who), eve„t oP
its dominions shall be liable to be deprived of his property, or in
taaniTnwahinyethdAidecutrobsrtAriFfelinstco"iloV(ifetrnheCe‘ee Greek Government shell pro_
claim the same principle in favour of ell the tiusculmans or
Christians who may have taken part against its cense t and it
shall further be understood and prosaulgated, that the littssul.
mans who may be desireus otoontinuing to inhabit the tetritories
and islands alletted to Greece, shall ',reserve their properties
therein, kc."
We will not dwell upon the observation, that the amnesty
which already, de facto, exists on the part of the Greeks, never
was, and never will be otherwise than illusory en the part of the
Turks. We will be *Hot as to the fact that the same article re-

_ .
lating tO tll@ amnesty, makes po snentton of so many Gritia
who plunged into misery, hare been sold in Turkey, and eeti.
cerning whose fate it is painful to the nation to remain wan-
formed. We will not enter upon these subjects, althok.gh of great
importance, and will only stop to examine another point which
_
deserves most particular attention.

Does the article in question, in eitablishieg the invielability
of Mussulman property, foresee only two cases ; The first,
that of the Turks re-appearing in Greece, as merchants, sati_
sans, or proprietor! of lends recently acquired by 'them. The
second, a eaFe like that of the l'urks of Eubora, defac.o proprie_
tors of lam' at the moment of the execution of the protocol.
Or does it also involve the restitution of properties formerly
belonging to the Turks—a restitution entirely ireerripatible with
the existeece of the new State ? These preperties belonging of
old to Greeks, usurped subsequently by the rusks during their
sway, and now re-purchased at the Cost of rivers of blood, have
either been alienated at dlfferept periods, or mortgaged during
the negociati9ll; thr the two London loans. They at present
meint;nn three,foUrths of a nearly naked population, and are at
last distilled either for indemnities, or for the liquidation of an,
cieut debts of the State contracted at home.
It would be an irreparable misfortune, a catastrophe from
which. Greece would never recqyer, if the restitution of these
lands were to he attempted.
The denote, foreseeing nothing but the most fatal rendtsil-cm
this measure, considers itself as Milling a sacred duty in re-
presenting to his Royal Ilighness the difiiculty whi.eh it has in
believing that the Greek people, seeing thermehres injured its
their rights and dearest interests, will patisetly submit to lose
the fruits of their labours, and to et* their present and their
future welfare compromised, rut supposing even that, from
prudential motives, distaied by imperious eirestmetences, they
should remain silent would they not soon become a herd of
slave; in the midst of Turks, who would be powerful enough to
oppress them ; sinces on the other halid, aesording to the acts
annexed to the protocol of the .30l of rebruary the Ottomena
will be eligible to all nubile erapleyrnents, and since, on the
other, they will as Greek citizens, and by means ci' their
wealth, possess the exclusive right of suftage; would itielepee_
dence, this precious gift of the Allied Sovereigns, be in this case,
of i•eal benefit to Greece ? What would the Greek have gained
' after nine years of bloody strife? Living in a desert, among
the bones of his massacred relations, he would only have 1 gift.
mixed his eternal slavery,
• We will say more ; -should even the restitution not tate place,
the national lands will not suffice to relieve those of our brethren

wbo will seek an asylum among us : will not, therefore, peen..
niary resources be necessary, in order to perfect and contoliditte,
the interior organization, and to cover during several years tbe
deficit in the revenues of the State? In the oitcial note from
the Residents of the Allied Courts, which accompanied the trans-
mission to the Greek Government of the act of the 3d of Fe-
bruary, it is said that the loan, this new pledge of the good
wishes of our protectors, will be employed in the pay and rnair,-
tenance of the troops which the Sovereign Prince shall find it
necessary to raise tbr his service. The kireeksosevertheless,
is
the
bythek rewardsd eleed es s,er and
b
flatter themselves that the revival of letters, the encouragement
of agriculture, of industry, and of commerce, the indemnities
d to the
ya et numbernavy andof
t o
citizens,h e army.
as
tinwgueisllhased
plunged into misery by their patriotism, will be the brat object of
the paternal solicitude of his Royal Highuos.
There remains but one observation oF,re ter us to make;
The Residents of 'the Allied Courts havu announced in their
official communication to the Greek Government, that a stipula-
lation agreed to between his Most Christian Maje,ty and his
Royal Highness, secures to the Greeks of the 'Western Church
the enjoyment of all political rights. This concession, conform-
ing, as it does, for the most part, to the existing laws. of the
country which regulate civil rights, is alone sutieient to con-
vince us that the Greek religion Is to be the prevailing one of the
State.
_ _ _

But how great would be the national joy, if the religion to
which the Greeks owe their.political existence, what knowledge
they possess, and the language of their ancestors, were to unite
them by holy ties to" his Royal Highness How great would be
their enthusiasm, ifthey were to see him who is to t e the father
of their country, offer up to the Eternal Father in their temples
the same worship!
Napo.i, the 10th of April, 1830.
(Signed) The President, GEORGE SISH•II,
The Secretary, PAN AJOTI SO UTZOB.
A true copy, Napoli, 12th (24th) of April, 18:.;0.
The Secretary forioteign Affairs and the Commercial Navy,
• (Signed) J. RIZO.

MONEY MARKET..—FRIDAY EVENING.---
The Directors of the Bank of England and the Commissioners
of the Sinking Fund seem-to be playing cross purposes at
present, the former being purchasers of stock for invest-
ment, or with some other object, nit yet distinctly made
out, and the latter selling largely on r,ccount of the Savings
Banks, in order to prepare for ti e payment of the dissen-
tients to the reduction of the 4 per Cents. 'We should
have seen nothing of the kind had not Government re•
solved on some material innovati,ins on the practice of
fos mer periods of our financial, history. The plan would
have been to take the money required front the Batik,
which in that case would not have been punka, as it now
is, to find an investment, and the advances would have
been paid off flour time to time without proceeds from
the Sinking Fund, or perhaps with other borrowed money
to prop up that fund. These circunistanetes ought to be
mater of much congratulation to the public, were it only
for Vie evidence they afford of the gradual breaking up of
the old alliance between the Ba.k and the Government,
om which heretofore so much aid such obvious mischief
has resulted. But this is a subject to be carefully watch-
ed, as it will no doubt present, from day to day, new and
in'ere.ting features. The stalk sold this morning by the
Commissioners; on account of the Savings Banks, was to
the extent of 70,0001. The object of the purchstmes
of stock by the Beard being, as we have said, not
yet clearly defined, thus necessarily present a wide
field for con:ecture. In stating the amount of the
intended purchases, which report (urgently does at
2,000,0001., it is assumed that this is the extent, or
nearly so; co that portion of capital which 'has formerly
been employed in discounts ; and that the almost t•gtal loss
of that department of the banking insineas has compelled
the Directors to resort to the next hest mode of employing
it t at the Money Mar ketwould afford. The mote common
opinion about the future disposition of the stock is, that it
is meant to be shared among the proprietors, as a compen-
sation for a certain reduction of the dividend. Others
imagine, however, that an operation is mesiitated by the
Bank similar to that adopted by.some of the other corpo-
rate institutions in the city, and that the stock is to bee'.
changed with the Government for a short annuity. Ae.
cording to the printed tables circulated by the Commis.
sionere, an annuity for ten years, for example, may be
obtained on terms which give a clear Si per cent., with
such a surplus as will replace the stock so exchanged, al-
lowing the average price to remain the same, by the time
the annuity expires. In either case the operation is not,
as has been before remarked, well adapted to a great bank-
big establishment, but the new state of things, from the
great difficulty of. employing capital, will probably lead to
many such deviations from the ordinary rules.— Times.
Yesterday Madame LENAUD attended at the
Queen-square office, to receive the &Mount of subscriptions
which had been lodged there for Ler. The amount of
money received was 641. Mr. Dorrxx, of Manchester-
ImiLings, who accompanied Madame hvieariss, said that
through the kindness' of Sir J, D. Paul., the banker,
Madame LINAUD had obtained a staid in the Bazaar fiir
widows, in Pall-mall, and 'she felt *maidens that she could
now support herself anti;elnid. •

I 1 om THE GAZETTE OF LAST NIGHT.

At the Co"nen Chamber, Whitehill, May 27.
7MX LORDS 07 1111 MAJESTY'S MOST MONOEXAELIC 7XIYY
