(From the Tipperary Free Press of 19th and 23d inst.)
In.consequence of the absence of the Gentleman
who was to have presided,
The Hon. PIERCE BUTLER,
who was invited as a guest, was from his well-
known political principles and social habits, requested
by the Committee to fill the Chair, which he did in
a manner that reflected credit on himself, and gave
general satisfaction. After the cloth was removed
the Chairman rose, and after some appropriate
remarks, gave the health of—
" The King, who has added its lri4l.test gem to the
Crown of England, by granting equal liberty to all his
subjects.”—(Great cheering.)
‘• The People—the nation's strength, tl,e only true
source of Constitutional power."—(lmmense cheering.)
" The Dukes of Clarence and Sussex—the illustrious
advocates of the rights of conscience."—(Loud cheers.)
" Old Ireland—and may that party who now seeks to
prolong the dissensions of her people, meet the same dis-
appointment as when they endeavoured to retard her
liberties."—(Cheers )
" Our guest; Robert Otway Cap% 'Esq.--the indepen-
dent Member of Parliainent, the friend of Reforni, who
has the hone-te to avow . himself the peop'e'a friend at a
crisis when others have deserted them."
Mr. OTWAY CAVE, on his health being drunk, in
strong terms returned thanks, and described his
gratitude at seeing such an assemblage as the pre-
sent met together from so many parts of the county,
and at so short a notice, and without any personal
acquaintance with him, to pay him such a compli-
ment. He spoke of the conduct of which he had
been an eye witness, of the Catholic Clergy and of
the Irish peasantry, of the impression and favourable
change of opinion which was working its way in
England with respect to the mismanagement of
affairs in Ireland, and of the dispositions social, re-
ligious, and political, of the people. This change
he greatly attributed to the dauntless and enlight-
ened policy of the late Irish Association ; and he
trusted that some similar society would be devised
that might watch over and protect from in-
justice the rights and liberties of Ireland.--(Hear,
hear.)—He wished to see Englishmen and Irish-
men make common cause for Parliamentary Re-
form, and he pointed out the many instances
in which it was requisite in both countries. He
congratulated not only Ireland, but the British Em-
pire, on the return of Mr. O'Connell for Clare no-
minally, but really for all Ireland. He spoke of his
practical
and professional talents, his habits of busi-
ness, his combination of useful qualities as a public
man ; and be trusted, that he who had hitherto been
the champion of a sect, would rise into the protector
of the rights of the many against the exactions and
tyranny of the few, and to achieve a right for civil,
equal to that he had achieved for religious liberty.
Reform was only to be obtained in detail. There
were many points to be attacked one by one. The
East India Charter ought to be thrown open, the
landowners monopoly, the fundholders usury, the
reduction of the Established Church within some-
thing like the limits of Christianity, or, at all events,
a more just and equal distribution of her revenue,
particularly among the working classes of the Pro-
testant Clergy, who were as much underpaid—
some of them, as their dignitaries were overpaid.-4
The abuses of Corporations who robbed and misap-
plied their funds, the illegal and infamous system of
Negro slavery in the West Indies, these were all Re-
forms which must soon be gone into; but above
all, he looked for a Reform in the practice of the law,
and in this Mr. O'Connell would be a most power-
ful agent in boldly denouncing and exposing the
solemn mockery of justice that had so long been
suffered to prevail. In Ireland it had been said by
Lord Redesdale, there was one law for the rich and
another for the poor. In England it might be said,
that from the expence of obtaining it, there was no
law to be had by the poor. Justice was strangled
as it were in both countries by a vile set of quibbles
and technicalities, and the land was converted into an
engine of oppression by the rich against the poor.
The reason of this was, that it was the rich who
framed the laws ; and till such a reform took place
as should give the people some controul over their
Representatives, they would be sacrificed for the
support of the aristocracy and the Clergy. Mr.
O'Connell after pointing out the state of the Cor-
porations, &c. then took a review of the policy—
foreign and domestic, of the present Government;
and professed himself not very confident either in
its ability or its good faith.—(Hear, hear.)—He
dwelt on its disposition to support the cause of
despotism abroad front the battle of Navarin, to the
holy alliance between Metternich, Polignac, and the
Duke of Wellington ; who, he feared, had been
evidently duped and outwitted by the Russians.
Mr. 0. C. spoke also of the shuffling and vacillating
conduct of the Whigs, which had enabled Govern-
ment to act as it had done, and to do nothing, or
worse than nothing, since the late passing of the
Relief Bill. Above all, he feared, that some secret
influence was allowed by his Majesty's Ministers to
counteract that Bill. It was notorious that power
over the affairs of Ireland was still left in the hands
of the Orange faction ; that office and emolument
was suffered to flow in that direction, and there
were many symptoms that the efforts to create a
civil war' in Ireland, had been, to say, the least of
it, connived at apparently by Government. Mr.
0. C. then alluded to the deplorable occurrences at
l3orris o'kane ; to the trials at Clonmel ; which he
abstained from passing judgment on, because they
would be probably brought forward in another
place, where those who were implicated would be
present to defend themselves. Mr, 0, C. eulogised
highly the conduct of Judge Moore ; and then
dwelt on the present state of the county,. and the
late attempt to introduce the Insurrection Act,
which had already been tried five or six times, and
left the county worse than it was before ; which
for one guilty person, punished fifty innocent ones,
and which was meant to crush political combina-
tions, which no one could pretend to say, existed
at present. Mr. O. C. then entered into the
causes of the outrages which had lately taken
place in Tipperary, and suggested, that s, combi-
nation might be formed among the farmers to, employ
none as servants, but those whose character they
were acquainted with, and who came from their own
neighbourhood, and could produce a good character
either from a Catholic or Protestant Clergyman.—
Almost all the crimes that had been committed in
this county, were, he believed, committed by farmers
servants, and persons who came from a 4:stance, and
were employed without enquiry by the farmers.—
After touching on other abuses, local and general in
Ireland, on the jobbing practised by Gaud Juries,
on the petty oligarchy which was the curse of Eng-
land, Ireland, and the West Indies, on the injustice
of certain clauses in the Relief Bill, respecting do-
mestic Institutions and the disfranchisement of the
forty-shilling Freeholders,-.(Lou,d cheers.)—Mr.
0. Cave sat down, declaring, how far he was over-
paid for any obloquy he might incur, by the reception
he had met from that company, and the feelings of
pride, and gratitude, and pleast:;.e, which he had ex-
perienced on that day,—(lmmense cheering.)—
When Ow lion. Gentleman sal down the whole cwii•
pony rose and continued again cheering, Vii. Olipay
Cave then proposed the health of toe President, which
was drank with inzincuie cheering.
The Hon. P. BUTLER rose and spoke as follows :
—Gentlemen, I rise to return you my sincere thanks
for the high compliment you have this day paid me
—au honour which 1 did not expect, having latter!).
