AN°, by the same Author.

Price h.—SWING UNMASKED; or, The Causes
of Rural Incendiarism.
" A true picture of the state of things in the rural districts."
--Spectator, Dec. 18, 1831.

Second Edition, price 3d. or .2q. 6d. per dozen.—
HOUSEHOLDERS in DANGER from the POPU-
LACE.
" A clever, interesting, and useful pamphlet."—Times,
Nov. '22.

London : Effingham Wilson, 88, Royal Exchange.

1.-b$ -;111n
•

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JANUARY 25, 1832

The public income and expenditure for the
year ending the sth January, 1832, has just
been printed, by order of the House of Com-
inons. The expenditure for the year is
47,123,2981. 3s. lld., and the income
46,424,4401. 17s. 11-id., shewing an excess of
expenditure over income of 698,8571. ss. 119 d.
We shall publish the particulars to-morrow.

The Irish tithe question was again brought
before the notice of the House of Commons
last night, when many objections were raised to
the appointment of STANLEY'S Protestant
Committee. There is much justice in these
objections, which will not be without their due
influence on the country, despite the Right Hon.
Secretary's sturdy decision against them. It is
a perfect farce, a notion that sets at de-
fiance all the laws of common sense, all
the first instincts of nature, to suppose that a
Committee, consisting exclusively of Protestants,
and one of the leading Members of which
Committee has already pronounced that it is
" disgraceful" in the Irish Catholics to refuse
the payment of tithes to their foreign Church ;
it is, we repeat, a farce to suppose that a Corn.
mittee so constituted can render any effectual
service to a question from which the only com-
petent judges are excluded ! But granted that to
the extent of its power, it should be impartial,
strictly impartial, that in dealing with the sub-
ject it should divest itself of all sectarian pre-
judices, how will it be able to convince Ireland
of its Spartan reverence for justice? How will
a Protestant Committee be enabled to persuade
Irish Catholics that it is deliberating for their
benefit ? By what process of ratiocination will
it win them over to a conviction of the propriety
of paying tithes to a Church for which they care
nothing, from which they get nothing, but which
takes special care to fit them out for the next
world, by almost depriving them of the possibi-
lity of existing in this ? Its Protestant Esta-
bishment is the greatest curse that poor
Ireland has ever known. What with its
Bishoprics, its Deaneries, its golden Prebends,
its rectories, its vicarages, its lay and clerical
fellowships, and its thousand and one pluralities,
that afflicted country is overrun with plagues to
which those that visited Egypt, are a mere joke.
And to remedy this plague, a set of Protestant
physicians are called in, men, who though able,
no doubt, and humane and impartial in their way,
have yet, more or less, an interest in continu-
ing the scourge ! When we say " interest"
we mean that sort of sympathy which
naturally induces a conscientious Protestant to
look tenderly at the abuses of his own Church,
the Church of his ancestors, the Church of his
descendants, in consideration of its distressed
and helpless state. We contend, therefore,
that in order to neutralize the dangerous ten-
dency of this commiseration, the Tithe Com-
mittee should consist equally of Catholics and
Protestants. Thus only can justice receive her
dues. But should Mr. STANLEY persevere in
his opposition to such a fair and equitable pro-
posal, we shall, we conceive, hazard little in pre-
dicting that the whole business will tumble at
once to the ground. England looking on with
indifference, and Ireland with indignation, how,
in the name of Heaven, is Mr. STANLEY to (115-
Pose of his tithe question ?

The House last night made very creditable
progress with the Reform Bill. It actually got
as far as the thirteenth clause. One division only
took place, and that was on an amendment to
Prevent the partition of the great county of

Lincoln. Ministers of course had the majority
on this division. As the Bill thus satisfactorily
progresses, and as other matters are pressing be-
sides Reform, it is proposed henceforth that the
Committee sit only four days a week. We can
have no reasonable objection to urge to this
proposition, except that we think the House
might contrive to meet for the despatch of busi-
ness on Saturdays. There are many heavy,
complicated questions about to be brought before
it, and it would be satisfactory to find that
it keeps pace with public spirit in diligence
and activity, and above all, that it is not in ar-
rears when the hour of its dissolution arrives.
Hon. Members have now enjoyed quite sufficient
relaxation both of mind and body, and can no
longer plead physical infirmity as an excuse for
indolence. The sooner Lord ALTHORP dis-
poses of the Reform Bill, the sooner will he find
an increase in the revenue ; trade now languid
will then revive, confidence now almost extinct,
or at least in a state of suspended animation, will
then spring up with all its wonted vitality ; but,
till the Bill is passed, no expectations of this
sort can be anticipated.

Lisbon Gazettes, to the 14th January in-
clusive, have been received. They contain a
flaming article on the professed enthusiasm of
the Portuguese in the cause of MIGUEL and
" independence." Not content with the glories
of the present day, they have ransacked the
pages of history for the chivalrous deeds of the
Portuguese nation. The Romans,—the Spa-
niards,—and, lastly, the French, were beaten by
the (unassisted, for no mention is made
of the British) arms of Portugal. From
all this vapouring, it is clear that Don
MIGUEL is very uneasy at the approaching
invasion. Shells and red hot balls are to he
fired from the forts on both sides of the Tagus,
should the expedition attempt that quarter for
debarkation. At present Don MIGUEL boasts
of an army of 70,000 soldiers and volunteers,
besides 40,000 peasantry in the province of
Beira. All this sounds very formidable ; but
we would not advise the " King" to place
much faith on their devotion to his person or
Government, when the "enemy" appears on the
battle-field.
The accounts from Belleisle state that the
squadron of Don PEDRO there consists of three
frigates, carrying 50 guns each, one of 36 guns,
a corvette of 24, five brigs, a sloop, two
steamers, and four transports, all well manned
and provisioned ; so that with the reinforcements
at Terceira they may count about 20 to 25 sail,
with a force of 14,000 to 16,000 men, well
equipped. With this force properly directed we
think success may be considered pretty certain ;
but Don PEDRO would do wisely not to waste
his time by sacrificing the great object in view to
petty jealousies and selfish squabbles :

LISBON, JAN. B.—" We have lately published innume-
rable facts, which prove the degree of enthusiasm that
animates the Portuguese nation in defence of its religion,
its legitimate Sovereign, its ancient customs, and its inde-
pendence, which a handful of rebels and foreign outcasts
dream that they can attack. To-day we publish some
other facts which will be a decisive answer to the radical
Press of England. Without speaking of the celerity and
enthusiasm with which above 70,000 men of the Ist and
2d line, and royalist volunteers, flew to arms ; without
speaking of the infinite number of voluntary subscriptions
with which we have filled our columns; without speaking
of 40,000 peasantry of the province of Beira, armed with
their own weapons, to act as guerilla.; without speaking
of many other facts which prove that the whole nation will
act as it did in the war of independence against the French,
we will to-day relate the following:—The Rectors of
Carragedo and Calvao have made an offer to the General
of Trazos-Montes, to raise a battalion of ecclesiastics to
join their fellow-countrymen in the defence of the kingdom
and our King. The inhabitants of the city of Lamego all
offered with the greatest enthusiasm their mules for the ser-
vice of the parks of artillery and one of the principal inhabi
tants of the city of Obidos offered the forest which he pos-
sessed in the environs of that town, and ordered it to be
cut dow❑ to make carriages for the artillery for the defence
of the kingdom.

" What other conduct can be expected from Portuguese?
" They resisted for above a century and a half the formi-
dable Roman legions, when they were masters of the greater
part of the known world. The Portuguese on all occa-
sions, when their independence have been attacked, have
performed prodigies of valour, and have always triumphal'
in the end. Let us remember how they crushed the power
of the Saracens, and how, in a war of 28 years against
the immense power of Spain, the Portuguese nation, with
all its resources exhausted, without colonies, without mo-
ney, owing enormous sums to the receivers of the revenue
and to the army, finally triumphed. Let us reflect that
when the Sovereign was at the distance of 2,000
leagues, the kingdom invaded and occupitd by the forces
of Bonaparte, deprived of all its resources, a part of
the Portuguese army in France, the people disarmed by
order of the French praetor, in a moment the whole
nation rose, contended with armies hitherto crowned with
victory, and at last triumphed and planted the Portuguese
colours in Toulouse, in France itself. And could the Por-
tuguese now suffer a handful of Italian adventurers, con-
demned in their own country as rebels, another handful
of Spaniards who had the same fate, Poles expelled and
banished from their country Frenchmen that their own
Government desires to get rid of, English adventurers, and a
few reb-llious and degenerate Portuguese to come and
attack their religion, their King, and their independence ?
Certainly not.. Portugal will rather be reduced to ashes
than staffer such ignominy. It will rather bury itself in
an abyss than deliver up its independence to foreign male-
factors, banished from their own countries.
" The question is not now a question of the rights of
Princes ; this question was decided by the three Estates
four years ago ; was decided by the same national tri-
bunal which confirmed the rights of Dun Alphonso L,
of DOll John 1., of Don John IV., of Dan Pedro
11. (query I.) This question is the existence of the
nation. The august person of the King our Sovereign,
Don Miguel 1., is identified with the independence of the
country, and what true Portuguese does not feel his heart
filled with indignation, when he considers the scandalous
presumption with which a few wretches dare to dream of
the possibility of an invasion composed of such elements to
rob the country of its glory and independence—the nation of
its religion its King, and its institutions, memorable for
six centuries of victory in all parte of the globe ?"
The article concludes by prophesying that if this baud
of exiles should come, they will meet with the same fate
as Torrijos and his companions.
Liszobt, JAN. 11.—A notice issued from the War-
office announces that the King, as Commander-in-Chief
of the army, considering the great effect produced by shells
thrown from 36 and 24-pounders, has ordered that the
Governors or Commanders of the forts on both banks of
the Tapir, which are provided with guns of that calibre
tit for service, shall immediately apply for the number of
shells for such pieces, and that they shall also have fur-
naces ready for heating balls.

The Constitutionnel of Sunday contains the
following article from the Moscozu Gazette of
December 27. The minion of the Northern
Autocrat here speaks out in the true spirit of
Imperial moderation, and we thank him for ex-
posing the cloven foot so frankly. From the
first we said that Russia was deceiving France
and England, and time will undeceive even those
who still profess to doubt :

(From the Supplement to the Constitutionnel of Sunday.)
PARIS, JAN. 20.—1 t is affirmed that after the budget
s voted by the two Chambers, the 'Minister intends to

close the present session, anti immediate!), to open that of
1835, which, it is presumed, will net extend beyond the
end of the month of May. This measure appears to us
to be prudent and useful ; it will at length dispense with
the provisional twelfths, and, at the same time, will spare
the Deputies the inconvenience of being called back to
Paris in the month of July, which is the season for the
most important labours of agriculture.
The Moscow Gazelle, of December 27, contains the
following article :—" The Russian nation is indignant at
the part which England, or rather the perfidious Ministry,
has taken i❑ the troubles of Poland; but we shall have
our turn. "We will strip off its mask, and we will show
the world how a people is rescued from slavery. You shall
soon judge whether Ponsonhy spoke the truth, when he re-
peated to whoever chose to hear him, ' Russia is now
nothing, and Poland alone will henceforth hinder it from
interfering in the atiliirs of Europe; it is an Asiatic Go-
vernment,' &c.

" How can this Albion, loaded with debt, and now
embued with the most perfidious principles, dare to rouse
the Bear (so she calls us), which was near devouring Na-
poleon with the finest army that ever entered its territory,
and then went to punish this temerity at Paris itself?
No ; its turn must come, and then we shall make no
treaty with that people, except in Calcutta. Its fdse po•
licy has played its last stake. Let it go and make an
alliance with the negroes of Africa, towards whom it is so
well inclined, and for whom Europe is its dupe. We,
barbarians and slaves as it calls us, will give it a lesson.
Meantime let it go on ; this is what we desire."
The Nuremberg Guzette announces under the head of
Frankfort, 12th January, that at that time the subject of
general conversation in that city was a quadruple alliance
between Austria, Russia, Prussia, and Holland, which
would destroy all hope of the preservation of peace.

At a late hour (three o'clock) we received by
express, from Paris, the Messager des Chambres
dated yesterday :

" They write from Trieste, of the 9th inst., that the
Porte does not mike it a secret to repulse the invasion of
the Paella of Egypt to Syri3, great requisitions are made
to fit out the fltet. It it said that at St. Jean d'Acre the
Egyptians have met with a check.

(From the Gazette d'.Augsburg.)
We learn from a certain source that Austria, Prussia,
and Russia have ratified the Treaty of the 24 Articles of
the Conference of London.

The German Journals announce from Berlin, that
there will be in the spring a congress of Sovereigns at
Breslaw, this is the cause of the Emperor of Russia coming
to Berlin.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Three per Cents. 651. 50c. ; Five
per Cents. 951. 60c.
(From the Journal des Debals.)
ST. PETERSBURGH, DEC. 18.—It is thought the Em-
peror has renounced going to Riga.
