NEWS.

EAST INIII. sinPPING.

.
The Larkins extra ship arstiv. cd at Po ourtlmth
t1e.2901 isett..-; left lladva.. the 7.7111 Sept.entilerl
srliveit at St. ileleha the 6th Decembers; sailed
the dittu.—Nooe of the Cuntpauy's ship,
t here. •
The Elphinstone and Wexford, otitwart4ound,
had experienced very heavy gales of wind, und
received considerable damage,. but liad separately
arrived its baftsty at..,Aladras, as svell as the fleet'
destined thither, since saileel fur their respective
destinations.

PORTSMOUTU • JAN. 20.-4 he Laking, auNt.
BLig"ti • fruit) Alailyas, is oti the I,de of Wiglt(.
Sailed the Hihernitt fo); Madras and !lento! ;
Minstro for neligal.

from Jan. 28, .1817.
• ,
This Gazette contains a Proclamation by the
Ilstis:Csc Kv,ossette relative to the, issue the
Coinake, One' On Men day next, the
regulations whereof have alread bean accurately.
and officially stated in this .Papyer. The erode,
illation concludes thus : • • -
Well() for this purpose, in• the name. and nn
the behalf of his Majesty, and., by and with the
adviee aforesaid, publish this, Proclamation,:
sxntl
do hereby name and appoint the 3d day 9f,
hrusry now heXt ensuing, as the clay front and
46- which,-sad front thence until the .17th day
%if Kehruary then neat 'ensuing, as the .perioo of.
tittle diirin which it slrall-and May be lawful lot
any person or person; to deliver. into •his
Mu
jesty's said Mint arty such old taper coin, and the
said 3,1 day of February .How nest ensuing, as tile
from atld ntler *Web , wit..trawl hence until
the 17th day of Febraury then meet ,as
the perio&of time during.whith theritushisll be de.
livered out of the said • Mini new silver coins, us
in the said Act is toentioited, „purulent tO the rep•
plat ions directions,' thereto
This Gazette also contains a Proclamation, or!
Bering,
" `‘ That for the supply of the inhabitants and
%hermits- of lelasd Newfounill,inni, for ;be
ensiling season duly, bread, dour, Indian corn,
and lire• stocV, may,.be impotted into the said
of the territories belonging. to
the 'OA Uoite i States, by UMW) subjaets and in
° iiistrobAtilt is tips, owned by his MiljeS,t subjects,
anti navigated according to low."

. St. Japseif Palace, Jas.
i'et.Rttptl highness the Doefiess of
11,111 was this day delivered of aiiiill•horis.tetivile
G;itce t tit Arottliiiiitip of Cailterbliry,
the Lord Cli.incellor, wid 'several Lords' Of
his
Majesty's Most Honourable Plivy Couliciii were
preterit.

, ...............
B.INKRUIYECY SUI,gII.SEDRII.
J. Koherts, J. Wausauman and N. Null, of CiowerV
Walk. sugar-re4neri.
DANK lt UPI'S,
.1. Warburton, of Hardwirk•Mill, Hereford, millet'.
It. Wicks, of Worthing, Sussex, fish-buyer.
N. Itvoiesoy, of Hartley-Whitney, Southampton, knit:repel.,
W. Walters, of the tlcrmitage, Wapiii:tg, Scotch-factor.
W. Turner, af.Whitclitirch, Salop, liichituct.,
1 W: Daewitt, of Wein wortheYorlibisite, irois-irster„
. i ilx Hooper, late of Venchurcli-sf tuft, stationer.. ••. •
~ I c;„ Ilrowly, of Vno.eluck, Cheshire, wit:to:4ller. ' ' '''''', •
I. Chris's, late of Tower-stretl, onotitant. .../.;:;:-
J: Oulet, of Charlotte-a reek iewoller• • :
.1,14144:key, of Glourester-terreee, shift-owner.
G. Howe, of Aaliford, Drrhyibirr;'fiax-dreter. -
H. H. left, !.:1 HorOeld,Cilotice4terShite;tlehlOr. : ; •.•
•M. Trois, of Vailtwortb, Laintieasliit e, shoplrerper„ , ,
J. Winte, of liridestow, Devonshn e, inolieeper.
J. Price, of. Laolitisti, Montfirttlllslle. itoosev,Acrivenee.
J.'. Andrea:, of Iwerne-Miii,ter,ll3,O,et:iiive, johher.
J. Garner, late of Worcester, boot ;old :hoe •nial:er. • • ,
J. Alleoch, of Ittis:ell,eoort„Drory-laile, victivoller. ..
C. C; S. do tier, late of lio.tB, Minorie:,rinsuceoce-hrolcr.
W. Itedhe•ol, Of tittle Olielsea,'lialier. •
4, KA jot the eider, . of the Temple Coffee-huusr, ,Picket
utttet, strand, taterwheeper. - • .. • '. • . .
1, IS iteltelur, of F4lOlOOBll. talloW-chatidler.
ICJ. - Hir;gs, of Nurthall, otherwise Nottlialt, dealer mid
kit:omen; . 7 . ' •
It. Collis tho /miner, of (Om ford, Essex, watch-maker.
li. laewis, late.. 4 31,0,1nva11, rapt -maker,
THB.Dat;HlisS or Cu MBSBLAND.—'IIie follo w,l
ing is the 11.siletitt of yesterday t--...‘.‘ Her ItOya
Highness thelltiehess of CUMBPRIAND 1445 Ihof
deep, and is gning on as welt As eau be expeeted."
Art al v At...-4ani, 2he lion. 111r.r.attif M rs•
COCIIIIANR, at their house, in Portinan-stptare,
frOm Clifton; .
111 e are happy to state from authority, that Mr.
Cociraisties arrival ye-terday afternoon, at his
house in .Portman-Square, is with the sole view of
giving his vote kn favour of Mr; I.4r4sDEN, at the
ti;le'etion that-takes place to-ilay for a .birector of
the cast India Company, and Mg to give stip
port to his nephew, Lord CocnitaNs"s politics for
Parliamentary Reform, through the ' means of
PubliC Meetings, called, by people V4llO have nol-
thing tri lose and every thing to. gain. • .
Co've tir-GA Host; THEATHE.—A new Afterpiece,!
called • The • Rorens, or The. Forceof C9nseience, was.
performed for the first time last night— •
.1 The PRINCE ItGeNT . looked remarkably well
ylesterday, when acute!'
.an the Throne in the
'Uvulae of Lords. On his right and left weGre the
Dukes ot, yoltli and CLARSPICe: - The ,rand
Doke NICHOL 44, Count Lik v 644, the' Russian
Ambassador, the Prince ,ESTEittart, the Au-
strian Antbassallor„ the Doke Of Oat ANS, and
several other distingtrished loieigUerit .sut mi the
right. 4 the Throne.
.Cuttw-ExcirAsas, _ jaii. 29. We bed a few
fresh arr;vithiltrire .morning,. hitt there was •vury
lilt le,husiness•doin„as. buyers appear to be wait,
ing f4rr' further suppl gies. The low sales made in
fine Wheat and .Oats was at Monday's prices, but
ordinary Was unsaleable: _lktitit is very dull; 10
l'iniSe stud *amine there it t 4 alteration.

Ltit;ERIAL PARLIAMENT.

11100.5 E OF LOW,. Tustovi, bat 28.

, litt,ErNri or PAR.LIAARNT.
T.hil ,Itt !wit (o'clock, hilt, !loyal Highbe,ss
the Pvt!,4eii. REGKea cattie down in the usual State,
ml,l-hr.iti tobv(l,, be entered the House with
104 Hop} in which the Sword of w.tate Was
borne!, by the , PAO of illVEISP001,; the Cap of
Maintenance, by the Marquis or WiachesTart
tbe inwerial Crown of the Mahn:, bytordJAMES
MURttAY ;, anti oe. .ektNCK Of WACHS'S Crown,.
try tt.e.Bari of ISeing seated, on the
Throt!re, the Patticiti Itroetvi..klivered the fol-
lowing Speech to both Iloitses of
f'illyLords th, Gentlemen,
.. •
" It is with i!eep regret that I am again obliged
to nifOOtitlee to you, that oo altertition has occur-
red is the blase of his Majesty's lastiesited

. .
" colitiriVe TO cccive from 'Foreign Poweys
the strongest assitrances of their friendly dispotir
holt to wards Otis Country, anti of their earnest
desire to ntainialn the general tranquillity.
The hostilities to which I was compelled to
resort, in Vindication of the honour of the Conn-
try, against, the Government of Algiers, have been
attended.with the most complete success.
" The splendid achieventent of his, Majesty's'
fleet, Iti•canjitnctiOn with a squadron of the King
of the Setheriands, under- the gallant and able
conduct of Atliniral Viscount Exnvottli, led to the
Immediate aiad sinconilitiorral liberation of all
Christian captives then within the territoryof
Algiers,,,,lnd to the 'renunciation by its Govern-
ment of the' practice of Christjah slavery.
di I ain persuaded'tlint you will be duly sensible
of the. importance of an arrangement so interest-
ing to humanity, 81111 reflecting, front the man-
nerin which it has been accomplished, stick sig.
uatl honotii• on the British fiction.
" In India, the refusullir the Government r'
7,.',Zepaul to ratify a 'treaty of Peace which hail been
signed by' its Plenipoteiniaries, oceasiOned a re.
!loyal Of iltilitary•operatio'ns.
" Tllejtuliciotis arrangeinents of the'Governor-
Genet al, second by he 'brfieei.y.and 'pest etrattee
of his 'tqaesty's Forces, anti en thtiSe of the gas,
India c.:cititpany, bronglit' the catetpaigti to a speedy
mod successful. issue's and' Peace has been finally
Upon the pit rind.lionottrable terms of
the vaginal Treaty. • •.•
Geoffetnen of. the, Lly:se of Caramons,
" have, direeted the ustimates'of the cbrrent
: ..
year to be laid 1 I
~Flotz you.
They have beer formed upon a foil considera-
tion °f-all the pre4tit circutuftauces cr the contr..
try, with so auxistos desire to Itorkeevety retitle!.
thin in our establishments which the Safety of the
empire aidl soiend policy allow.
I recommend the state of- the, public income
sail expenditure to your early and serious at-
coo
I regret to be under the trecessityof informing
you. that there has been a deficiency in the prollt.ce
of the Revenue in the last year ; but I trust that
it is to be ascribed to temporary causes ; and I
have the consolation to believe that you will find
it prpstic4le.to proside for the public service or
the .yi.p.4 making any tolgitio'n to the
peopls., and without adopting any
•nteistspi„e; !? that "gratin' by which the
the, country has been hitherto'sus•
wined: '
~" 41/4, Lords and Gen4iemea,'
4!:1,444#R1ae so Ito act ion ol Infortnin:gbyoo that
he
ilie,ottitfp,caoitts which Were 11)/1-44 ,111.N.t
, With a view to a new Sil.
.yer t,ts`.o. been contplvted with tinpre.
vrtlenteil-e%Feclifii)o.
.• I,to,ti _directions :for the immediate
if.Aste tit the New Coin, inul I trout 'that this tpea-
,ore will he produetiv,e of cooodcrable adva►ntatgt
to the trade and internal traoiactions of the

country
I. ilktresass consequent upon the termina
An) of.,a ve.ir of such unusual extent and (lora-
tiht) have been 1e1t,,• with greater or less s:: verity,
thrinigliont all the nations of Europe and have.
hceie coi.iderably aggravated by the unfavourable
-,staie,of the scasott.
Deeply as I lament the pressure of these evils
upon this country...l am sensible that they are of
iwt*tre not.. to rtihnit Of an immediate',rentedy ;
but. %has' 1 obserto with peculiar satisfaction the
fortitude with which so many privations have
been borne, and tbc;active benevolence which hay
beets employed to mit stuntgiat te, a persuaded
that the gtettt sources of
ationalm prospetity
are essentially unimpaired, and I entertain a con-
fident expectatioti that the native energy of the
country will atito distant period surmount all the
difficulties in which we are involved.
Ur. considering; our internal -situation, you
twill, I doubt nuti feel 'a just indignation at the
attempts which have been made to take advantage
of the diltretole% of the country, for the purpose:
.ot exciting a spirit of Octillion and violence,
c• Dm 100 Well convinced of the loyalty and
good sense of the, great body of his Majesty's
6iihjeCf 5, to believe them capable of being per-
yerted by the arts which are employed to seduce
them ; bat I am determined to omit no) precautions
for, preserving the public peace, anti for collo-
terticting the designs of the -disatfeeted: and I
rely with the utmost confidence on ymir 'cordial
support and eo-operation, in upholding a system
of Law anti ai)%ttament, front which tt e have
derived ,inestintable atlVrrnt agem, which b'U emi-
r bled us ley, conclude, .with unexampled glory: a
t contest whereon depended the best interests- of
mankind, and which hat been' hitherto felt by
