JJ Vi
constitution of England, against*il alafiyilsis-
ante, an odious, yet ludicrous, rltis
agitators, Popish priests, and paid
upon a well-intentioned, I believe,ll6,o4% bin/
pelted to add, a weak and vacillating Admin-stratA ;
whilst, the country and the times 'demand one firm,
capable, business-like, and decided." Here is an
honest, manly, straightforward denunciation of the
whole motley and ill-assorted pack of Whig,., Whig-
Radicals, English Destructives, and Irish agitating
Papists, that constitute the present Government
and the " popular " basis on which it rests. The
Government will, therefore, make every inossible
effort to assist the " Westminster rump" in dictating
its own nominee to the constituency of this great me-
tropolitan Borough. There are a set of self-styled
Radicals, in Parliament and out of it, who affect to
detest the Whigs, and their miserable, shuffling, and
no-principle policy. They speak in this strain at pub-
lic meetings to obtain for themselves a character for
independence with the people, whom they cheat and
delude just as much as the Whigs have done. This
class of Radicals, on all occasions when a real strug-
gle takes place which endangers the powers of the
hated and despised Whigs, make common cause with
them, because they are looking more anxiously to a
share of the ministerial " loaves and fishes," and to
the promotion of the cause of good Government.
Such Radicals are the Westminster rump—such are
most of the leading Radicals at present in the House
of Commons—such are the " independent patriots,"
who denounce the Whigs at political dinners and pub-
lic meetings, and yet support on all trying occasions the
hard-hutted authors of the unconstitutional and inhu-
man Poor Law Amendment Act—the supporters of
military flogging—the advocates of the white slavery
of the factory system—the peaceful contrivers of the
buccaneering war in Spain—the pusillanimous be-
trayers or Poland—the concocters of the Russo-Dutch
loan job—the transporters of the Dorchester labourers.
Need we go on in describing the various excellencies
of the Whig Ministers, whom the class of Radicals of
whose " consistency" we speak denounce in their
Fpeeclies, and support by their votes ? That class of
Radicals arc now as busy as possible in preparing to
fight the battle of the Whigs against Burdett, and the
friends of that constitutional liberty under which there
were no union bastiles to visit poverty with tht penal-
ties of crime—no central bashaws, with more than
Turkish power, at Somerset House—no compulsory
separation of man and wife, parent and child—no
famine-allowances under the name of charity—no
denial of the decencies of Christian burial to the poor.
Still we have little doubt that the friends of the Con-
stitution, in the borough of Westminster, are well
able to beat the " rump," with the Whig Government
and its posse of Radical sycophants at its back.—
Morning Herald.
The second gratifying incident in the history of the
Westminster election will be the defeat of Mr. Leader.
The first has been the rejection of Lord Russell.
Upon the appearance of Sir F. Burdett's letter, place-
men and pensioners began to feel Lord Russell's way
in all directions. It was hinted that Mr. Leader,
though eloquent, patriotic, revolutionary, republican,
and in other respects eligible, was, after all, " nobody."
It was suggested that Lord Russell, besides his elo-
quence, his patriotism, hisrevolutionary sentiments, and
his republican principles, had a Dukedom in reversion.
It was surmised that Mr. Leader would come to the
field recommended only by his personal qualities. It
was promised that Lord Russell should throw into the
contest a cart-load of family influence. Some sceptic
about Conservative re-action protested that the seat
for Bridgwater was lost if Mr. Leader should resign
it ; and some consistent enemy of close boroughs
whispered that if Lord Russell could be induced
to canvas Westminster, Tavistock would be left pretty
considerably safe. For our own parts, we fully ex-
pected that. the Downing-street gentry would succeed
—that the Chronicle and the Examiner would name
the loser—that Mr. Pouncey and Mr De Vere would
elbow my Lord to the hustings, for the self-chosen
fuglemen of a mob are ordinarily the very humble ser-
vants of a patron. They must get dirty work done,
that they may retain their popularity at the Crown and
Anchor; but they would give the doing of it to patri-
cian hands, that they may be honoured With a nod
once a year in St. James's-street. They hate the
Peerage abominably, but they would walk from the
Monument to the Colisscum, for a shake of the hand
from a Peer. However, all the inuendoes, and the
admonitions, and the remonstrances, have failed.
Leader for Westminster ! Mr. Wakley has extin-
guished the blooming scion of an illustrious tree—the
future master of Woburn Abbey and of Covent-garden
Market—the grandson of the Duke—the nephew of
Lord John—and, by consequence, the first cousin of
the Reform Act. So far as the result of the contest is
concerned, the choice of the Radicals Matters not a

tittle. If the Conservatives are ready, for the sake of a
present demonstration of their strength, to forget, or to
forgive, the political fanaticism which characterised
the earlier periods of the career of Sir Francis Bur-
dett, they have the power to inflict a signal defeat
upon the Baronet's opponent, be he who he may,
rich or ragged, lord or loon. And it is our counsel
to them to take this course frankly and firmly. We
are not sanguine enough to expect in Sir Francis
Burdett an entire coincidence in our opinions, or
an unvaried support of Our principles. But no op-
portunity must be lost of testifying 'the readiness of
the Conservatives to unite with men who, however
misguided and mistaken we hold them, are English at
the heart's core. We will not sacrifice the sympathy
of those sincere and honourable adversaries who, hav-
ing, in opposition to our utmost efforts, carried the
Reform Bill, which we deprecated, are now willing to
aid us in averting the consequences which we pre-
dicted from its enactment. But the failure of the Go-
vernment to press Lord Russell on the Radicals of

Vestminster is, in another respect, instructive. A
ouug nobleman is presented to the borough, of the

highest connections, of the most unblemished charac-
ter, the heir to a proud title and to a princely income,
recommended to the movement party by many ultra-
Liberal votes, possessing through his family im-
mense local influence with the constituency, and
urging a claim of gratitude by his relationship to
the Noble Lord who is to be immortalised as the
mover of the Reform Bill. His competitor for popu-
lar favour is a Commoner, scarcely more liberal in his
politics, certainly not more distinguished for his talents,
without aristocratic connection, without local influence.
But Mr. Leader has combated by the side of Mr.
Rocbuck against the Administration of Loyd Mel-
bourne. It is enough. Up go the hats into the air—
out come the placards upon the wall—Leader for West-
minster! One more illustration has thus been afforded of

the insignificance and unpopularity of the party of the
Government. Sir William Molesworth, we think,
tcld us some months ago, that the admirers of Lord
Melbourne's policy might be carried comfortably in an
omnibus. The interim has rather thinned their num-
bers ; and we believe there will soon be room for them
all in Lord Palmerston's cabriolet.—Morning Post.

Bread is now forbidden to be eaten by very dyspep-
tic subjects, in cqnsequeuce of the fermentation it causes in
the stomach. " Here is a pretty business," said a dyspeptic
dignitary of the Church to his wife, on his return from a visit
to Abernethy; " I have been praying twice every day of my
life, and siz times on Sundays, for my daily bread, and now I
am not allowed to cat it."—Fraser's Magazine.

DISEASES.-The diseases of the body may be
looked upon as so many outlets thrbugh which the soul finds
its way to eternity.—. Dr. Chalmers.

CAUTION TO SERVANTS.—On Sunday evening,
between the hours of seven and eight, a genteel-looking mau
knocked at the door of a house in Russell-street, Bloomsbury_
square, and inquired if Mrs. 13 , mentioning the lady's
name, was within. The female servant, not suspecting any-
thing wrong from " such a genteel-lookiug person," very ci-
villy answered " No, Sir." " Dear me, bow unlucky !" ex-
claimed he, " why I suppose the family dined out?" " Yes,
Sir." "-I came upon official business ; my name is Wilton,"
rejoined he, " and I must see her to-morrow morning ; I bad
better write her a note." Upon which the servant incautiously
showed him into the drawing-room and ran down for pen, ink,
and piper him the. dining-rnora, where two oe three young
ladies were sitting. It a moment she heard him on the stairs,
and went to him. " Never mind, I will not troublo you," said
he, " I will call again to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock."
He then hurried off, which causing suspicion, it was discovered
that he had snatched up a watch which. was lying on the man-
tel-piece. He probably fancied it was gold, being in a leather
case, but fortunately it was only an old metal one, worth very
little to him. The man appeared about 50 years of age, much
marked with the small pox, "dark brown heir, and rather under
the middle size. An old card was picked.up, and on it was
'written, in pencil, the name of "John Oldficld."
