THE LONDON JOURNALS.
DAILY EXTRACTS FROM THE MORNING PAPERS.
JULIA 18, 1826.

[TIM Tom.]
We are not surprised, but extremely grieved, at the
•
tumultuous proceedings h Manchester and other ma-
nufacturing towns. ".Hunger," says the homely pro-
verb, will break through stone walls :" and all ac-
counts, Ministerial as well as Opposition, agree that
the unhappy people are driven to these assemblies by
absolute want—by starvation ;by starvation not only
in their own persons, but in the persons of their wives
and offspring. Having said thus much, and having
given the evil its appropriate name, we should next
consider what is to he clone to alleviate or remove it.
—Some of the Journals in the agitated districts re-
commend the immediate assembling of the new
Parliament. We shall not oppose that measure—
though we do not see that much good can result
from it. Government, indeed, seems to us to have
provided for such a crisis as the present, by obtaining
for itself the power, at the close of the last Session,
of admitting foreign corn, by proclamation, during
the dissolution and recess of Parliament. We
should, therefore, advise the immediate admission of
foreign grain, while navigation is easy, and till the
crops of the ensuing harvest arc housed. It may be
said that these poor creatures, who are wholly with-
out employment or money, cannot buy bread at any
price. No matter for that ; it can be more easily
purchased for them at a low than at a high price ;
and the vessels that bring grain will not return with-
out manufactures. So that the goods on hand will
be taken off, and the work of charity will both be
easier and of shorter duration. The Bank, it is
said, at the instigation of Government, are on the
point of establishing more Branch Banks—as at
Swansea, Biriningham, and Manchester so that
more paper is to be issued ; the circulation is to
be increased. The patient cannot bear the cure ;
and therefore the physician suffers the disease to re-
turn upon him. We 'doubt whether even a temporary
relief can be effected by this method, because, if the
poor creatures themselves cannot buy bread, no more
can the greater part of those who should be their
employers obtain paper. But in all cases a temporary
relief anis effected cannot fail of increasing the future
danger. We do not suffer by the present circulation
being small (if it bad never been otherwise we should
have known no distress), but by a larger circulation,
to which we are now going to recur, being called in.
With respect to the people thus assembling, we trust
that the great body of them will he treated with ten-
derness and consideration, if, its we have no doubt,
they are driven tiom their homes by starvation. But
we think that Government ought, beyond all doubt,
to possess themselves of the persons of those who
think proper to address and urge the poor sufferers to
acts of violence ; and if these meta are found to be in
no want themselves, . then we would have them pro-
ceeded against with the utmost rigour of the law. A
starving man is entitled to commtseration and relief;
but not so they who convert him into a desperado,
and instigate him to the destruction of the property
and life of his fellow-subjects—mit blameless as h im-
f;elf of evil under which ho sultera.

.1 IV. MO ft NING
'rh, present gate of Spain, of Italy, of (.ireece,
and of the South American States, presents 'a melan-
choly picture of human nature, and may be regarded
as the most convincing proof of the vanity of all at-
tempts to entahlish a system of liberty, when the great
body of the people arc unprepared for it ; or when the
leading men are more influenced by sordid and selfish
motive's than by real patriotism. A few visionaries—
men probably animated • by the best intentions, but
totally unfit for regeaterating a whole people—raised
the standard of revolution in Italy. Their-wild i,iehemes
brought foreign arinies, into the country. They hardly
made even a show of resistance. The country an over-
run, awl the people were subjected to a state of 'degra-
dation and slivery, which ionic them regret even the des-
potic rule of their Mill sovereigns. Men of a similar de.
scription reduced Spain to a condition, if possible, eve)
less enviable. Without consultit ig the interestiof the No,
bility and Clergy, and without considering how little
they might expect from a people ignorant of liberty,
and so much under the influence of these two powerful
classes, they proceeded in the most violent mummer to
pull in
.pieces the fabric of the' Constitution, and by
their wild and preposterous schemes; excited the fears
of a neighbouring state. French armies took posses-
sion jetthe country, without meeting the least resist-
mice; the principal fortiesses of thew kingdom are now
in the hands of foreigners ; and what with domestic
faction:), poverty, misrule, and foreign Sway, Spain is
at this moment, perhaps, the most inefficient and de.;
graded state. in Europe. The South American States
took advint4ge of these einiimotions, and succeeded,
after .a long strOggle, in shaking off the yoke of the
mother country. Difierent republies were formed,
peace raid order were comparetively restored, loans were
contracted, and many believed that' these states would
soon rival North America in energy and resources. No
hopes could be more fallacious. Many of the inhabit-
ants of the United StateS had emigrated from England to
escape whet they considered tyrannical government,
intim had inibibed. from their ancestors the'most vio-
lent antipathy to line larehy, they all had sine notion of
the Principles of real liberty, and with the courage, and
energy, and perseverance of their ancestors, resolved
to he free and independent. The virtues and -abilities
of one nu m, too, prevented all intestine factions, and
united the different States under one powerful and
rational system of government. The good . sense of
the people second4lire endeavonrs, and the recollec-
tion of his unsullied patriotism and disinterested con-
het 'Will lung continue to animate them in defence of
his prineiplw4. No contrast hardly can be greater than
that between the North and the South American
States. The latter retain, all the indolence, the bigotry,
and ignoranee of their ancestors. They have:but an
impeded notion of liberty. • 'limy have not energy
to commence any great plans of national improve-
ment, or industry to carry them into effect ; and what
perhaps; is their great misfortune, they have no
great leader who can check 'domestae factions,.
or impress on the different States the necessity
of forming one great bond ofßolivar, Peirkar,
resembles Washington more than any other eut er ;
but his influenee is chiefly.
at this moment in a state
confined to one province,—
is
and even that, it appenNi . • civil
of insiorsetion. Mexico, 101), is dist. urinal by
corainotions. Yucatan, One of the most fertile
vinees, is :distraeted by i
internal dissensionsi ../01
Pedro is beset with perils- on all sides. A)) neurree-
titan had broken out at Cement, and the troops sent to
te 1. In
insurgents- have been totally tlefeu--Ahe
deed, in almost every province, party spirit, arit.l t
ambition of unprincipled chiefs, are paving the way to
ruin or slavery. Flow these commotions will subside,

or how the interest of the debts contracted by these
semi-barbarians will be paid, it is impossible to fore-
see. The situation of affairs in Greece is even still
more distressing. The people, by great bravery and
perseverance, succeeded in wresting a part of the
country from the dominion of the Turks. The
chiefs, like those of the South American States,
quarrelled among themselves, and thereby en-
courag►ed the Egyptians to invade the Mores. They
secreted to their own use part of the money sent out
for the supply of the army and navy. The troops, it
would appear, are totally dispersed, or reduced to such
a state of weakness that they cannot, with any hopes
of success, meet the enemy. The officers and crews
of some of the vessels of war, without money, or any
means of subsistence, are cruizing as pirates in the
Archipelago, and attacking without discrimination,
the vessels of hostile and friendly States. Their only
hope now is in foreign aid. These are sad pittnres
of the fate of those nations who have, in our days,
raised the standard of liberty, and it is distressing to
think that scarcely any thing short of a miracle can
soon produce a favourable change.

[THE NEW TIMES.]
It is with the deepest feelings of regret, dist we,
have this day to record very serious appearances of
riot and disaffection in Manchester and its neighbour-
hood. We are well aware of the difficulty of arguing
with 'persons in the condition in which these poor de-
luded men arc. Yet, even in the most unhappy cir-
cumstances, it cannot be idle or useless, to exhort them
not to aggravate their sufferings unnecessarily, by their
own violence. If by tumulttiary assemblages, and
seditious harangues, the back were to be clothed or
the belly to be filled, they who &honed from such
proeeedings would stand but small chance of obtain-
ing a favourable audience ; but we surely may expect
to be heard . when we advise our brethren not to
mistake poison for medicine—not to do what must issue
in evil to themselves, and which cannot possibly issue
in good to any one. Moral force let them employ—
it is just, they should. . Let their hardships—their la-
bours—their deprivations, speak to the governors of
the land. They speak a language which cannot be
misunderstood, and which assuredly Will not be di's,
regarded. But, let them not be seduced by representa-
tions, however plauaible, to attempt even the exhibition
of physical force. Who is to go to the wall in a
struggle between the discontented and the 4uthorities
of the land ? Does it enter into the conceptions of
the most foolish, that there is room for doubt or hesi-
tation in answering that question ? The attempt to
resist, the force with which the Government , of- this
country is armed, by such means as a band of rioters,
however numerous, can conimand, is as hopeless as to
oppose Leviathan with a reed. Such attempts are,
however, by no means inconsequential ; they tend
powerfully to break asunder those bonds of union
that bind the goVerned to the 'governors ; and need
we say, that in . all . settled societies, such disrup-
tions operate more fatally on the liberties of
the former than on the prerogative of the litter ?
We ' trust, however, that amidst all the incite-
ments of evil counsel, and goading poverty, the
weavers wilt not be induced to any act of open vio-
lence,. Let them recollect, that partial relief, at least,
is at hand. The harvest, which will, ,from the peen- I
limit)/ of the season, afford employment to a lariAti
number of workmen, for three or four weeW3, to
already white in our fields. Ere this source is
dried up, another may be opened. Their case will,
in the mean time, be considered, and if men may do
it, it will he relieVed. We hear continually repeated,
tepee' the Corn Laws—lower the Taxes—and, not
unfrequently, lower the interest of the public debt.—
The last of these proposals implies, in the very discus-
sion of it, such confused notions of right and wrong,
that we are almost ashamed to enter on it. We need
not notice the obvious reply to the argument derived
froth the alteration in the currency, that during
the.depreciation the dividends were paid in the same
currency in which the purchases were made; we
should be inclined to reprobate all such attempts at
wholesale spoliation on more general and more obvi-
ous grounds. We say, and we challenge contradic-
tion from any man of common sense, .that if the per.
sons who advanced loins to Government during. the
war Made ever to advantageous bargains, they are no
more called on, to renounce these advantages, which
they fairly'and'.openly earned, than the merchant who
makes an advantageous purchase of goods is 'called
on to make over the profits derived froth a Ilse of
Markets to the seller of them. We put the argil!.
ment purposely in its !;trongest form ; it is a matter
of notoriety, that the present stock-holders have
had none of those, profits which a certain class
of politicians are so anxious to .. confiscate. If
we are ' not bound to pay the public debt, neither
are we bound to pay private debt.' The Same laws
which guarantee the one guarantee• the other. To
clamour against the fitndliolders we consider to. 'be as
cowardly as unjust. They are the objects of attack
merely because their supposed weakness lays them
more open thari others, and the, robbery of them is
justified because it is supposed to be a matter of pos-
sible accomplishment . 'With regard' to' the corn laws
it is universally allowed that they must 'undergo revi-
sion. Their operation, so far as it is injurious, is
virtually suspended by the Act, empowering importa-
tion when his Majesty's Ministers see occasion,. and,
therefore, it is unnecessary to say a word on that sob,-
ject. On the propriety of reducing taxes, we may
well cry out, if any one has a right to do so, for we
know of no manufacturer in the community. Ythose
goods are so highly taxed as our own. There is just
one consideration that seals our mouths to complaint
on this subject. We are honestly and thoroughly con-
vinced that his Majesty's Ministers are quite as anxious
to reduce taxation as ourselves, and we have some
obscure notions, derived from a pretty, close study of
what they have already done; that they know rather
better than we do where and when to begin.

---------
PRIVILEGES OF RUSSIAN DRAMATIC Au-
Tuorts.--The directors of the Imperial, heatre at
Petersburgh leave published a series of regulations
which fix the rights of authors in the following manner :
1. In the two capitals the author, shall preserve his
property in the piece, even after it is printed. 2. The
author of a comedy in verse, in three or more acts,
shall receive the whole proceeds of the second repte-
sentation. 11, The author or translator
pieces in ve 8-1 " rse, all have the proceeds of the second
representation, the expo llees - of smaller
being deducted from the
same. 4. The author of a comedy or vaudeville in
three acts and in prose, or of a vaudeville in one
act anti in mac, stall be entitled to the receipts of
a third representation, expenees deducted. 5. The
other fees of authors, "n i
posers, or translators, shall
vary from 200 to 1000 rubles, with The exception (if
grand operas, to, which the
second regulation shall
They.shall all have the privilege of free ad-
mission.—Lespzic Literary Gazette.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSIONsHOUSE.—An Irish woman, named Mary She-
kels, was some days age charged by Ambrose Osborne, a private
mpany's service, with having stolen four-
teenvedsr:ignlVia C4'
and some dr US poCket; as he .lay
l'iasleethre "in E
the tap-room of the Hercules public-house, iu Leaden-
hall-street.
The prosecutor stated, that as he was drinking in the public-
house, the prisoner entered with a- basket of oranges, and' asked
hiM to be a customer. He purchased a couple of oranges from
her, and asked her to take a glass of something, and sit down.
She consented,' and drank a glass of gin and peppermint, and
ho paid her for the oranges, for the purpose of doing which he
took ont of his pocket apiece of rag, in which he had seventeen
sovereigns and some silver. He returned the sovereigns to his
pocket, and soon afterwards fell asleep. When he awoke, the pri-
soner was gone ; and upon Searching his pocket, he ascertained
that he had no more than three sovereign* and a small
quantity of
silver about him. '
The owner of the hotise stated, that when the prisoner entered
the tap-roem, and sat down, he objected to her taking such a li-
berty,,and ordered her to leave the room, as, she bad sold her
oringei. The proyecutor, however, told him, that the woman was
a friend of his, and that if she was not allowed to sit down he
would quit the house himself. The witness effete(' no further
objection, and the prisoner remained in the room utile time. The
witness was afterwards employed in putting an end to a disturb-
ance in the front of his house, and the prisoner somehow or
other got involved in it, the prosecutor being, he belieVed, fast
asleep in the tap-room. When the prosecutor awoke, and
found that he was short of his cash, he raised 'en outcry. The
prisoner was taken off to the watch-house and searched, and 11
sovereigns and some silver were found upon her 'person, tied up in
an old rag. .
The prosecutor said he had never seen the prisoner before the
day of the robbery, and as she sat next to him, and there was no
other person near him, he was. Convinced she was the thief.
The other evidence was confirmatory of the account given by those
two witnesses, and the Loan MAYOR called upon. Mary Shehan
fin her defence. - •
The prisoner said, in a broad Irish accent, that she never was a
thief in all her born days, and that she'd scent to steal front any
body while she had strength to earn it. " God knows," said she,
" I don't know Any thing about the young man, for 1 never seen
him before with my eyes. I'm sure I never wronged any poor
crature of a farthing."
The Loan MAYOR:—Where did you get all these sovereigns?
Was it by selling oranges ?
The, prisoner said, she gathered the bit of money together by
hard-Working—God knows she did. She never thought of such a
thing as thieVing, and she knew that what is got in that way never
did any one any good.
The, Loan MAYOR asked her at what kind of work it was that
she earned so much money ? She replied that she sometimes
worked hard in the brickfields, and that she spent hut little upon
herself, as she was resolved to put by as Much as she could for a
rainy day. "I am well known, your Lordship," said she, "to
be a poor bard-working young woman; and God knows I ant not
a rogue."
The Loan Mayor, desired that the prisoner should be ress
madded, and that any more evidence that was to be had shoold
be brought forward upon the next examination. His Lord-
ship observed, that the case was , a very strong one, but he felt a
great repugnance to commit, strong at it was, until his mind
should be more completely satiefied. The mieehief arising from
premature committals was often dreadful, and he should not be
guilty of the cruelty of sending unfortunate persons to trial upon
mere speculative grounds.
The prisoner, who repeated her protestations of innocence, and
hoped: she would not he deprived of her hard earnings, was then
taken from the bar and lodged in the COmpter.
,Upon being brought up a second time, more witnesses were pro-
duced against her, and' the same ciremnstances that were men-
tioned upon the first examination were again detailed.
The LORD MAYOR--Did the young woman attempt to!
escape ? Did she betray any fear of detection when she was ap-
prehended.
The reply to these questions was in the negative. She had,
however, made a desperate noise and outcry, it was said, upon
being, accused of the robbery, and deprived of the sovereigns,which
she insisted were her own.
was distinctly stated by some witnesses that the prosecutor
had a number of onyeritigne in his possession when he entered the '
house, and that the ptisoner wait sitting: 1101“ to *him when he
fell asleep. In fact, upon this csaminaticni, the impression against
the prisoner seemed to have acquired additional strength.
The Loeo Mayon, however, still thought that there was such
evidence of in tegrity in the prisoner's conduct before him that he could
not overcome his reluctance to conunit her: Has any one, said his
Lordship, any thing to allege against the general conduct of the
prisoner? Do any of the officers know her to'he a bad or a suspi-
cious character?--The officers looked ut her, and said they had
frequently seen her about the streets, but they had never heard
any charge against her. The landlord said she had been in the
habit of attending his house with oranges, but be had never heard
her complained of before.
The Lotto Ma votts.--Let her he remanded till Monday.
'Yesterday the prisoner was a third titne brought up. The
cominitment was regularly made out, and the orders to each of
the witnesses to give evidence were elicit written. The prose-
color, who appeared anxious to get hack his property, was inform-
ed by the clerk that he would certainly receive it upon the con-
viction of the woman ; when
The Loan MAYOR asked whether there was any further evi-
dence, remarking at the same time, that he had been led to delay
the committal of the prisoner front Some circumstances which
struck hint as remarkable in the case.
Mr. Parker, a respectable hooker in the neighbourhood of
Somers'-town, begged to he allowed .to say a few words. He
had heard with surprise that Mary Shehan had been taken up
for . robbery, and lie was convinced that she was as innocent
of the crime as any one in the justice-room. He could not, as he
was not present at the public linnets say any thing about what had
occurred there, but he had heard the eVidences, and his opinion of
the young woman s integrity remained unshaken.
The Loan MAYOLL, who had jiist made up his mind to send the
case to a jury, lietened with some degree of suspicion, at he after-
ward. aeknowledged, to the statement.
Mr. Parker said that 'be had 'Tor 'Mute tithe been in the
habit of. dealing with the prisoner, She came to his house
about a fortnight before the transaction of which she was ac-
cused took place, and had thin in her possession 10 or 12 so-
vereigns in a rag. , He purchased oranges from her, and upon
one occasion site borrowed a shilling from him, as she had no
clump, and did not wish to change a sovereign, and she was
most punctual on calling next day to nay the debt. He always
knew her to be a most honest, kind-hearted, and industrious
young woman.
Another gentleman, who had seen her at Mr. Parker's house
and elsewhere, elSo stated that she was possemeed of money, and
that he had seen 'a number of sovereigns in her possession. He
never heard a breath against her honesty, and he believed she
would not,Svrong a lumina being of a farthing.
Mr. Gray, a biker, in Gray'e-inn-hme, deposed that he
knew the prisoner some time, and that she was one of the
most extraorditutry young women he ever saw in his life. She
would live upon little or nothing, and used to put up every
halfpenny she made. His wife employed her occasionally to
do work about the house; had the highest opinion of her integrity,
and used to give her broken breed and meat. The young woman
upon such occasions never spent a farthing, and had acquired such
a. character for making money, that the people used to say it was
a shame, to employ her. Much more evidence to the some effect
was given, and
The Loan Mivois immediately desired that the money should
he given back to the priioner,
Re never, he said felt more pleasurethat
tithe should be discharged.
infindinghisfi im-
pression of the poor girl's innocence so fully established. The
conclusion of the cue, which
was listened' to with became, at,
tention throughout, gave the greatest satisfaction to every one in
the justice-room, not smearing the soldier, who went away con-
vinced that the money which he had expected to receive had never
been his own.
g
ow
shpri:ei:tel3tar, a"lyileTgE tioßtSd,wil'4:;.
sit
I:I:it, rnsil ittj,ugo idYter tar,Saturday
nuinghgl
tt:sibtv,,,eivfl
er eh; tai.lslifle;puna Jast ack
eleven Robin_
ocl o
g Smith, Witte at
hlt an,'whilelinheMagtirtee'lhree.:
Lion of his duty.
From the
complainant's statement it appeared, that sin Saturday
night, when about to call hell-petit eleven, in Craven
'Drury-lane, he discovered the defendent lying at full length
the steps of a door ; and considering; tlutt though .' pauper
-nbique jacet" was all very well formerly, yet as that maxiin has
lung since been put an end to by sundry Acts of Parlianient;- it ,
-becarne.hk'duty to keep him moving; he therefore gare hint a
hint to that effect; orlon, iu legs time *ban it would have taken
him to pronounce the defendant's name, that person, adeVatitig
himself to the perpendicular, gave hint two such severe laws
cc right and left," that he himself found.it impossible to avoid as-
suming the postilion, J.uk Robinson had just abandoned,. A com-
rade, heavever, named Hunt,' coming hp to the rescue, tits nand-,
Cal pugilist 'waiteieured and dttly incarcerated. .
Mr. Robinson, in his defence, stated, that having been spend•

ing the evening with a few of shipmates, the time passed
quicker than he had ay idea it could, and when he returned to
his lodgings he found the door tacked Against him ; not being
able therefore to effect .an entrance, he le* down on the steps to
sleep, es the watchman had stated ; and witch regard to the
assault, lie acknowledged that lie struck the complainauf ; but
declared that he did not do so until he had been very much beat
about iij• hint.
- -
His Wonsuir inquired hot/ ldng he had been on shore?—He
said that he had returned from the zit intliet about five weeks
since, and that the vessel which brought him. hike (d
Le her)
waif now lying off Providence Island. Mr. Hitt.Ls; hoivever,
suspecting that part of his story, inquired the Captain's name,
which Jack Robinson could not tell, though he insisted that he
had but just come from the West Indies. Ford, the gaoler, now
came forward---and, on, looking minutely at his person, averred;
that int.tead of Mr. Robinson's being on board the Zephyr two
months ago, he was at that time in the House of Correction.
His WORSHIP, on this, ordered him to find bail for the assault ;
which not being at band, he was placed again under the sur-
veillance of his old acquaintance Ford; till it -should be forth-
coming.

TOWN-H ALL Mr. Easterfidd, (living in Friar-street,st.
George's-fields, whose wife- was last week held to bail for alleged
acts of outrage against him, he haying been separated from her
several months, and who attempted to destroy herself by hanging
in the Borough Compter, and was with ! difficulty restored, and
discharged on her promise to repress her feelings, in the course of
the morning addressed the Magistrate, Mr. Alderman J. J.
SMITH, to state that he was under the necessity of again applying
for protection against her violence, she hiving on Saturday night
last met him near his own door, and stabbed him in the face with
a knife she drew from under her shawl.

Mr. Alderman J... 1. Sgun replied that he had reasons to
believe, from the reports made to him, that the unfortunate
woman had been driven to desperation by the conduct pursued by
the applicant towards her, whose reply to the intelligence con,
veyed to him by the keeper of the COmpter, on the occasion of
her atteMpting. her 'own life, was, " I'm sorry she.did not do it
Actually,"
The husband denied having made any such observation ; when
Mr. Law, the'keeper, assured the magistrate, such had been the
return made to hiss.
The husband repeated that he was .guiltlesis of uttering such
Words, but was ready to admit, he felt very, little on the occa-
sion, as the hanging was merely the repetition. of a farce she had
often performed-in, having been addicted to such- experiments-
from her childhood.
Mr. Alderman Small, with much indignation—" You have
said quite sufficient to convince me that you are unworthy of
further attention:—.4 heartless and worthless man :if you do not
instantly quit the room, I shall order you to be turned out."
The applicant, persevering in his unfeeling observations, after
being warned that he might. be held answerable for any melan-
choly results, was turned out, by order, by Reeves, the Mat-
shalman.
