HAMBURGH, , AY.:3).

EAST INDIA /101.7'.;E, MAT 25, 1814.

Terr COURT. of DIRECTORS of the
UNITED COMPANY of :VIERCI-141,NTS of ENG-
LAND, TRADING to the EAST INDIES, do hereby give
Notice,

That a GENERAL COURT of the said COMPANY will
BE by Adjournment, at their HOUSE in Leaden-
hall-street, on TIIURSDAY, the 9th June next, :at Eleven
o'Clock in the Forenoon, to take. into Consideration a Mo-
tion intended to have beem made at. the General coda held
this Day, being as follows, viz.
" That the Sum of T‘Ventv Thousand Pounds be granted
to the present Lord Melville; -in Testimony of the Eminent
Services rendered to the East India Company by his late
Father." JAMES COBB, •Secretary.

R. A. BRADLEY, Middle New-street
Gongli-rquare, London,. satisfy the most srropu:
lons Inquirer as to the authenticity of a Friend of his de-
riving great Benefit from the CORDIAL BALM -of GILEAD,.
in a severe disordei of the nervous, bilious, and flatulent
kind, with which he iiad been big afflicted.
• Mr. E. Piero, High-street, Birmingham, voucher for the
sorprising Cnre of aGentleman long in a deep Decline, having
taken five bottles of the Cordial Balm of Gilead. The spirits,
strength, and appetite of the young man were visibly and very
materially improved; arid by continuiig. the rise of it a few
weehr longer, • he was, with God's blesSing, and to the great
comfort arid astonishment of his family and friends, restored
to perfect-health. . •
Mr. B. Boothravd; of Pontaract, reports of a man in that
neighbourhood, almot.thz: age bf thirty, who had the appear-
ance- of, laboaring• under that most dangerous disease, the
Phthisis Ptiimonalis, or ConsuMption. He had a considerable
degree of hectic fever, profuse night-sweats, expectorated
Much, and was reduced to a state of extrini debility. Having
bad the best medical advice be,could procure, without obtain-
ing relief, he had recourse to the ,Cordial Balm of Gilead :
persevering in the use of it, all the unfavourable symptoms
gradually abated, and he has attained a vigorous state of
health.
_ .

Governthent Security against. Counterfeits, besides a Saving
of One Bottle in -Four.---The Cordial Balm of Gilead is sold
in bottles, price Us. each ; or the quantity of four in one
Family Bottle for 335. on which one 1 Is, bottle is saved, duty
included; the stamp of which bears the Proprietor's name
and addrus in the engraving, " Solomon, Liverpool,"
to imitate which is felony; and this privilege of a particular
set of plates for his stamps has been granted to Dr. Solomon,
by favour of his Majesty's Hone Commissioners of Stamp
Duties, purposely to secure theYnblic against counterfeits :
none else are genuine.
Sold by Samuel Leigh, NO. Iq, Strand ; Sutton and Co. (late
Dicey and Sutton), Bow Church-yard; Bacon and Co. N 0.160,
Oxford-street, London;—Brodie and Dowding, Salisbury; A.
Smith, Pet fumer, North Bridge, Edinburgh ; Martin Keene,
No. 6, College-green, at Davison's, No. 1, Parliame3t--street,
and of Messrs. F. Newbury and Sop, Dublin.;,and retail, by all
Medicine Vender sin the United Kingdom.
-Some, disorders have been many years in proceeding to such
-:e deq..ree of malignancy as cannot be eradicated in a few
weeks'; therefore it is in order to encourage steady perse-
verance in the use of proper means that Dr. Solomon has
adopted the plan of his boxes, with three large 335. Family
Bottles, ~centaining the quantity of Twelve at 11s. packed up
safe for the country, for a Five-pound Bunk-note, by which
l's. is saved ; vide " Guide to Health."
As Dr. SOLOMON's Practice is now become so great and
oxtensive, that his contant engagements require a consider-
able portion of his time and attendance, he expects' when
consulted, the usual complithent of One Pound; but all
written cases, or letters of advice, and unaccompanied with
an order for medicine and remittance, to he answered at his
leisure. are required to enclose only Half a Guinea. Drafts
may he obtained at any Post-office, payable at Liverpool, fur
small sums of money, which is a sure mode of conveyance.—
Such letters should, for safety, be thus directed Money
Letter. 1)r. Solomon, Gilead House, near Liverpool. Paid
double postage."
1'44 Letters may be addressed to X. Z. or A. B. at the
Pint-office, till called for. Persons who do not wish to have
their ,names known, may have their boxes directed W. Z. to
be left at till called for.

" CITIZENS OF HAMBURGII,-The last, the
most bitter of your years of trial is post. Volt
have seen hot tiorl a;,,1 armillitatca
the Tyrant, who, by cunning and force, forged
anew your already broken chains. You may now
joyfully:look to a solid and durable peace, the
blessings of which will soon heal the wounds that
have: been inflicted on you.

The energy and the wisdom of your ances-
tors, the noble river, which unites you with all,
countries, raised your city to Sae the richest jewel
of Germany. The more cruelly did the scourge of,
the age fall on you, destroying your prosperity,
and tearing you asunder from the ancient and
sacred Union. Now that you are again received
into it, in the renewal of yOur free Constitution, of
your unfettered activity, let your eyes dwell upoa
the past, as a❑ instroction and a warning. In the
cheerful, days of prosperity, in the seducing enjoy-
ments of peace, remember your respectable valiant
forefathers, whose example was renewed among
your citizens a year ago, with a zeal more laud-
able than successful, only because previously, in
the easy enjoyments and arts of peace, the hard-
ships and the art of war were neglected or for-
gotten. You have seen by whet warlike nations
exalt themselves, and are inspired to the lierfortn-
ance of incredible deeds.

" I rejoice at being able to brit back to you
to-day the brave citizens, who, amidst privations,
hardships, and dangers of every kind, persevered
in the resolution of purchasing your liberty with
their blood.

The rest of the brave men who accompany
me . into your gates, have helped to conquer li-
berty for your country, as well as for their own._
They are impatiently waiting for a look from me
to precipitate your oppressors from the walls.,
Alexander and his magnanimous Allies, at the
bead.of their heroic bands, overthrew, upon the
heights of Paris, the remains of that horrible
edifice of tyranny, and so rescued many cities and
. nations from conflagration and death.
" You know the sentiments of the Emperor,
my gracious Sovereign. lie inspires his subjects
with the same. 'ibis, as I hole, the Russians
who came among you will prove. Depend, as
long as the commanos of my Emperor keep me.
among you, on Inv justice and protection ; oil
the other hand, I depend on your serious exer-
tions, by your unanimity and wis2 counsels, and
by the Christian confidence in God, which made
your forefathers strong, to prepare for yanr city
happier days, an.l to suppress, in the pursuit of
this noble object, every low suggestion and re-
venge. The weKk and misled are reclaimed, by,
forgiveness and generosity. The wicked instru-
ments of the slavery, so happily ended, as well
as their employer, will be punished, as to Heaven
shall seem most fitting. I have thought it prp-
i per to address to you these few ‘yords, previous
to the cordial greeting and congratulations with
I which henter Your gates.
(11604. Corr. tilay

" Count BENNIGSEN,"
