your kindness with gratitude to the latest hour dirty life.
think 1 may say that I have many strenuous political
opponents, but lit my opinion there are few who possess
so many real and zealous fricnds,—( Hear, hear, and cheers.)
Where is the man whose friends *Old raise from 6,0001. to
7,0001. to defend his seat, after having :4000 him three
flint s without his ever having expended one shiaing or soli-
cited onevote?—(Cheers.) Some persons have circulated a
report that I was d;ssatisfied with the electors of Salford, and
that I considered myself ill-used by them. I can assure you,
Gentlemen, that such a thought never entered into my breast.
Gentlemen, since I last had the pleasure of meeting you in that
beautiful pavilion, which was superintended by my excellent
friend on my right (Mr, Hall), I have endeavoured to sup-
port those principle§ of reform, economy, and peace, which
you sent me to Parliament to support. I have endeavoured,
to the utmost of my power, pr6;:terly to discharge my duty.
I do not kr.ow that I have been a sing!`.'day absent from my
post—( Cheers)—and I believe that I have voted in 240 divi-
sions. And in every vote I have given, I can conscientiously
say I have designed it for the welfare of the peop;s:—for good
government—and for just and impartial laws. They.'have
been my constant efforts--I have endeavoured to keep in vier
those liberal principles which I have ever professed ; and as we
have been so long engaged, it must be natural for some of
you to ask " What has been done?" I will tell you what has
been done. We have kept the Tories out—( Loud cheers)—
and I am happy to inform you that it is very probable they will
be kept out.—( Cheers.) And I understand that the Conser-
vatives of Lancashire are so sensible that their sun is set—
that they have no chance of occupying office—that they have
seen the absolute necessity of having no Conservative dinner at
Newton this year.—( Cheers.) Therefore, you may see
a nw Ithd is o
Icertain suppose
think
thatevery that
hnothing
one
haveof there are good grounds for hope that their rule—that of the
Tories—will not again be exercised. lam not one of those
oat beenbeenw ol n done
acknowledge
hundreduseful
that to
and theh r country.three public
. bl i
Bills passed, and one hundred and thirty or forty local Bills;
t
them there have been some useful and good measures. Much
has been said respecting Poor-laws in Ireland. A Bill for the
relief of the poor in Ireland has certainly been passed, and I
am willing to hope that it will be useful. There has been a
Bill passed for the abolition of imprisonment for debt—that is
considered a good measure, and, from this time, innocent
and honest poverty and misfortune will not be punished as a
crime—(Hear)—that those who, from misfortune, have
lost their property in trade, but have acted honestly, will no
longer be punished as felons. There is also the Slavery Act
Amendment Bill. I rejoice it has fallen to my lot to live to
see the entire abolition of slavery.—( Loud cheers.) There
has been a Bill passed with regard to the punishment of ju-
venile offenders and the prevention of crime, which is consi-
dered to be an excellent measure.—( Hear.) All these vari-
ous measures, which have been passed, are highly useful.
Several others have been passed by the House of Commons
which have been rejected by the House of Lords ; but cer-
tainly, although I am disposed to judge favourably of what the
Ministry have done—although I can make every allowance for
the difficulties they have had to encounter—l cannot, I Sit
bound to say, exactly approve of all their policy. To be sure
the elections were by so means favourable—we were very
nearly balanced—but yet, if the Ministers had brought for-
ward measures that were really satisfactory to the country, and
persevered in them, I think there would have been a strong
disposition on the part of the people to support them.—
( Cheers.) Be assured there is no way to promote the
prosperity of England but by Reformers uniting together
to return such liberal men to Parliament as will vote in be-
half of liberal aid good measures.—( Cheers.) Unity
amongst all grades of Reformers must be the watchword, and
I am convinced that, with unity, everything may be accom-
plished that we desire. We ought to remember the old say-
ing—ThatCivilfollow
for a nation to be free it is sufficient that she wills
it. There is one grand measure to which I would have the
people direct their attention, and that subject is the repeal of
the Corn-laws.—( Renewed cheers.) That has been a prin.
and) several
ciple I have held for the last twenty-five years ; and now there
wouldoanidlasreal
imaiaot putreligious
sr
liberty,"
bfin
ecr
oteyuo:;:a_r:s(ohlie;
ewapri
Press,"
he
shtsch7art., for if you
would repeal the Corn-lam, all other blessings you wish for
other liberal toasts were given, and duly honoured ; and seve-
ral excellent speeches made, for which we regret that we have
not space.
