WE tin (1,13' Qor,tintie OUT extnAs from tIN french
The accoutits Nviticil they givo,i f.lhe gal-

PaPerS

mart of Lieuttnant. Ygp, In Delpkos, is
quite, consistent wit 11 their usnal adheretwe !e) truth
The Lowe Frigate is coritiorted into a Squadron,
col,sts!ipg of a Ship of the Lil,' a higate, a Coy-
yette,&c. anti the 50 iroeti which vtortned the Spanish
Er,rt: rsiagnifie4 into 500.

7ant

• we ;owl some time ago that differences of a seri-
Citts nature had arisen bel.ween §cnnatzuwillpici.,
and the French General INlAamon. The for-

nter, who is better acquaint6d with, and naturally
more anxious to promote;, the real interests of his
Country than' the latter,: has 'made several in-
effektual' attempts to remove the tyrannical re-
stii6tions which have been laid by order of .the
Frerich Government upon Dutch Commerce.
These 'were offences which it could not be supposed
BONAPART4 could easily pardon ; and he has there-
fore intimated to the Grand Pensionary of the inde-
pendent liatavian Republic, that any further symp-
,
toms of 'disobedience will be followed by an imme.
dia6 deprivation of office.
When SCIIIMMELPENNINCIC was first appointed to
that office, we expressed our opinion that he could
only lx.considered as locum tenens for some of the
Bo' APArti-rE Family, And that he was only chosen,
in the first instance,, to reconcile the;Dutch to the
new form of government. The events which have
since occurred haw, in a great degree, confirtned
that opinion, and we have very little doubt but the
insults which are now heaped upon that Magistrate
will very shortly produce the effed for which they
were intended, and that he will resign his situation.
Admiral VRAIIEITIL is mentioned in private Letters
as the probable successor 'of SCHINIMELPENNINCK;
but we do not think this wry likely, because, if
what we have heard of the charader of that Officer
be correct, he is not sufficiently pliant to become the
abjeot tool of the Corsican Usurper.

'WE must again refer to the infamous charge
brought by the French Rifler against the English
Government, asserting that we have an Agent at
Hamburgh employed for the purpose of kidnapping
men in Germany, under pretence of landing them
in-the United States of America, where they are,
according to this infamous charge, sold at so much'
per head, and sent to the British Colonies, The
known character of the British Government renders it
unnecessary to notice such an infamous charge,except
for the purpose of chewing the ,base ails to which
our implacable Enemy will resort in order to gratify
his hate towards the only Country that he can nei-
ther bully nec seduce. But it is extraordinary indeed,
that even BownPARTE should resort to such a vile and
improbable fabrication,. since it is well-known that
during his w'arfare in Italy, in pretended support of the
principles of liberty for France and all mankind, he,
sold his Austrian prisoners to Spain, that' they might
be sent into the horrible slavery of the Spanish
Aelines, where perhaps Many of them are still drag-
ging on a miserable and hcipeless life.

Yesterday.A4 Russian Ambassador transa&ed bu-
siness at Lor`Mtilg,r4ves Office.
The LQUD CHANCELLOR, Earl of CitATHANT, and
Mroi visited Mr. PITT ye.terday, at lit house
in Downing-street.

The Duchess of NtoNTR on left town yesterday,
for her villa at Ts-vic.:kenhatn.

The Marchioness of S&LISBURY left town yester-
day for Hatfield:
Thu, Earl of NYESTMpRLAND had yesterday a se-
lcet dinner party, at his house in Berkeley-square.
Yesterday a General Court was held. at, the East-
India [louse by adjournment:, when the Resolution
of the last • General Court. of the 1....!th inst. for alp
proving the salaries attached to the several situations
at. the-College to be established at home for the edti-
cation of young tnen intended for the Company's
Civilervire in indio,, was unarm;,;,-ily approved
aiid confirmed.

Yesterday a Court of Direaors was held at the
East-India House, when'Capt. BENJAMIN RICILAItD7
sore was sworn into the, command of the Ship Af-
firm, consigned to Madras direct. The court ad,
joarned at six o'clock till Wednesday next,
His Royal Highness the CoMmander in Chief has
signified his assent that a portion of the Regular and
Militia Regiments in the Southern DistriEts, not-ex.,
Ceedittg the fourth part of each Battalion ,and
cepting:those which may be employed ou ;he.public
works, quay be permitted to assist in getting in the
approacliing corti.harvest.
Major .General Sir CHARLES Rosi is removed from
the Staff of Ireland to that of the Southern Distrito,
and is arrived to succeed Major General TtioartTort
in the command of the Troops at Ashford.
The first Division of the NOrthUntberland Militia
marched into Viversbant, Barracks on r.rhursday......
The second followed yesterday.
A new Military Road is about to he firmed from
time Bareacks iii iN'ofthgate, near Canterbury, to lead
from theme into Rmad,st reet. It. is intended to
run In a direet line, Pantile) with the rear of the
Cavalry, Artillery, and: ,Infantry Barraels, with
conmmuicating ROMS,- at. right angles, into each
Barrack, and crossingßuttington,latie, through part
'of the land of St. Gregotys„ into Broad-street, near-
IcOrthgato Burial-ground. :Tklter. hoe was marked'
.nut on lihruday in the Presence of Gcneral Sir
DAvtp-DuNnAs, and will he procceded ran iinme-
diately. It is also said to be .in contemplation to
'bniktan additional rattge of Barraeks itt Mead's
nircetly-opposite to thereat, of. the present Infantry
Barracks' ; end; when these are completed, the.. se:,
Vend detached Barracks,. in.. ditiereat parts of the
City,iare to be
•
A Leiter ft-6m Figngary, in one of the PTench
Papers, suttee, that an animal had been shot in
wood tti that c6uOtry, by some Chasseurs, the fiody
of4hich bore a Considerable; resemblance' to that, of
a Procodile, 'but that it had wings it Was vO,ry
large, and 'those who la eve seen it, not knowing
what other panne to give it, call it a Dragon.
The :Pori/ s Lti, of LYitu, with ce:7ls,
Was taken into W.hitby on Sunday, Very leaky, hav-
bPen ri'm on bo:ird by itlight oft Hun'
received much dinnage.
l.
Oa Monday x'cas latniclied trotn J. BAYLEY'S
Dock-yard, at Ip-iwich, the bizog,:n, a very hand,
some built G•
i.in-bri:,s of guns:

THE HAMBUIZGH MAIL.
