'poniard blades, similar to those found upon the
Champions of Liberty at Thouars and Rochelle.
The packet had hen sent from Solingen, and
consigned to the house of Chadeaux, a Commis-
sion Agent at Metz."
NUREMBERG, OCT. 11.—Under the head of
Turkey, our Gazette contains the following
.article

4, The last letters from Constantinople, of Sept. 10, contain
several pieces of information on the state of affairs in Turkey.
Although these data are not exactly Official, they come from a
source of which the accuracy cannot be doubted. According to
these reports, the Turkish public believe the news of the
- brilliant victory which the Porte had circulated as having gained
in the Morea. The conquest of the whole of this country was
regarded as certain, and no doubt was entertained of the supe-
riority of the Turkish navy. The merchants at Pera had, in-
deed, other intelligence, which made it no longer a doubt that
the Turkish army, after commencing by a victory, had been
completely beaten, and pursued out of the Peloponnesus, and
that. the Turkish fleet, which had remained an inconceivrble
time in the Gulf of Lepanto, till the Greeks, after assembling
the whole of their ships, had commenced a blockade, was
menaced with total destruction.
" There is reason to apprehend the greatest troubles when.
the illusion shall be dissipated, and they can no longer conceal
the result of this arduous contest. But till this moment the
Turks in general have no other notion but that they have been
.completely victorious.. A few sensible only begin to be a
little uneasy, since they have heard, that on the pressing de-
mand of Chourschicl Pacha, several Tartars had set out for
Silistria, Rutschuk, and Sophia, bearing orders to hasten the
departure of the troops which were to go to Thessaly. They
think this would not be necessary if the affairs of the Turks
were in .as good a condition as the Porte has asserted. The
news of the submission of the Greeks makes a favourable im-
pression on the Janissaries, the troops of Asia, and the people
Of Constantinople, so that the fermentation which has pre-
vailed there so long is entirely calmed ; but the first intelli-
gmce of the contrary will rekindle the flame, and perhaps pro-
pagate it through the, whole country.
_The Asiatics begin to speak of returning to their homes ;
there is no longer any thing to fear from Russia; and besides
in the month of October the hostile armies generally go into
winter quarters. The Asiatics expect this epoch with so much
the more impatience, as the political embarrassment in which
the Porte found itself last year, did not permit it to follow in
this respect the usual custom, which makes them count on it
more surely this year. It is, however, said, that the intention
of the Divarris not to grant the demand of the Asiatics.
" The negociations between the Porte and the European
powers have made little progress for some time past. The
former persists in not granting any thing but what treaties
prescribe, and particularly with regard to Russia. The Reis
Effendi is said to have demanded of the meditating Ministers,
why the new Russian. Envoy delays to make his appearance ?
It is not known what reply was given to this question.
" The Divan has not received any favourable news from
Asia. -It is now certain that the Persian army has conquered
the greatest part of Armenia, but the Turks have still posses-
sion of Erzerum. Trebisond is also in their power. The Per-
sians have made little progress on the side of Syria, so that the
Paella of Bagdad has succeeded in protecting Bassora. It is,
however, certain that the Turks have not acted on the offensive
on any one point. Although the plague still prevails in some
quarters of Constantinople, it does not fortunately increase.—
',Naval preparations are making in that- capital. with great
activity."-

TRIESTE, OCT. 2.—News from Cephalonia and
Prevesa leave no doubt as to the capture of Suli.
Famine forced it to surrender Sept. 12. By
virtue of the capitulation, 2,000 Suliots were
permitted to go to the Morea in English vessels;
they embarked in fact, but in place of carrying
them to the Morea the English disembarked
them at Cephalonia on Sept. 17, under the pre-
tence of putting them in quarantine, but cer-
tainly to prevent them from uniting themselves
with the inhabitants of the Morea. By the cap-
ture of Suli, the Turks have the key to Epirus
in their hands.

TURIN, OCT. 10.—The preparations making in
every place indicate that Verona is to become
the theatre of the most imposing and magnificent
scenes.

SPAIN.
The Universal (French Paper) contains the
following article:—
" The two following letters have been sent us
from Trujello (Estramadura). We offer them to
the public, persuaded that it will applaud the
noble sentiments which dictated them. The
Spanish Citizen who wrote first, and the French
• General, whose answer we give, ought to be con-

sidered, on the present occasion, as the organs of
all the_ Liberals of Europe. The love of liberty
is the sacred point in which all the people of the
•earth are united ; it extinguishes all resentment,
and encourages every individual to contribute in
establishing, among all nations, that cordial and
sincere affection which will ensure for ever the
peace and happiness of the human race.

44' TO. GENERAL FOY.

Trujello, August 10, 1822.
" SIR-I cannot refrain from expressing to you, how
agreeable it has been for me and.for all well meaning men to
see the philantropic ideas which you, another Demosthenes, have
made known to all Europe.
" I feel myself happy at not having been deceived as to
your character, when I saw you in 1810, and 1811. in the midst
of the hostile scene which then every where presented itself, do-
• ing violence to your own heart; I then occupied the situation of
Corregidor. There already shone in you a certain air of gene-
rosity, which gave flattering hopes to the public cause ; and in
• seeing you, in conjunction with M. B. Constant, resisting
outrages and overcoming obstacles, the Spanish Liberals could
not suppress the emotions of gratitude and affection which only
-heroes cause.

" Yes, good Spaniards are convinced that the:. great majo-
rity of the French who can boast that their country is the cradle
of wisdom and liberty, are animated with the most philantro-
plc views.
" Continue, my dear Sir, continue always, without fear, in
the road which honour has marked out for you, certain of be-
ing the object of the admiration of all good men.
" Every meeting of the Chamber of Deputies gives you a
new title to the esteem and the respect of a man, who, expect-
ing the honour of an answer, subscribes himself
• " :LESIIIES BRAVO."
" ANSWER OF GENERAL FOY.

" Pitlion, (Aisne), Sept. 5.
" MY DEAR'STR—I have received with very great Pleasure
the letter which you did me the honour to write to me, under
.date of the 10th oflast month. Your remembering me is very
agreeable, because I knew you to be a good man,.and the friend
• of your country. Notwithstanding the difference of situation I
felt 11 years No, as at present, great esteenvfor your generous
and honourabie countrymen ; and since peace has been restored,
it has been to me a delightful enjoyment to think, that during
six years war in the Peninsula I have not caused the death of
. a single individual, except in the field of battle.
" 4 But those unhappy times are now. far removed,' now the
French and Spaniards ought to live as brothers, seeking toge-
- ther the means of obtaining peace, independence, and liberty;
the only condition which can ensure man all the social felicity
to which he is destined by the dignity of his nature and the will
of his Creator. In fact this condition will come in spite of all
the efforts to the contrary of all the aristocrats who seek to per-
petuate the ignorance of man, in order to keep him more se-
curely under the yoke of slavery.
" "rhe revolution of Spain does not astonish me, because I
have long studied the manners and cilaracter of the Spaniards,
and have found among them much more intelligence and phi-
losophy than is generally believed in Europe.
" It appeared to me difficult for a great people, both wise
:and energetic, to groan for any length of time under the yoke
of absolute power and superstition.
" I have applauded the enthusiasm and valour you have
.displayed; and I repeat incessantly to our Ultras and our
. Ministers, that they do not know Spain, and that the Holy
'Alliance, if it does not deliberate before sending troops into
~Spain, it is'likely to have to repent its precipitation.
" I left Paris at,the end of the Sessions, in-order to enjoy a
little.repose in the country. Alrhen,l have an opportunity 1
'shall do myself the honour of forwarding to you some of my
speeches. ,
"
- And you, my dear Corregidor, you are still in the en-
joyment, of good health. I.still remember the proverb, which
.140. Physician of Trujillo quoted, who has passed the month
xiileptember at Trujello, has lived another year. The pro-
-7,fatiii good, for September is terrible in Estranaadurit on ac.

count of the fevers. I hope that you will get through the
month without ill health. And I beg of you to receive again
the assurance that I have before given you of the attachment
and consideration which I conceived for-you when I had the
honour of your personal acquaintance, and which are increased
by the excalent andnoble sentiments you`express in your later.
• (Signed) 4‘ FOY.' "

- -
BAY6INE, OCT. 12.—The military preparations proceed
withoukany interruption. -
The most recent letters from the three provinces of Biscay
state that the public tranquillity becc.rnes more and more con-
solidated, by_ the energetic measures of the Magistrates, sup-
ported by the exertions of the different Constitutional columns
which arc in constant motion. 'rhe bands which infested those
provinces being entirely dispersed, have thrown themselves
towards Santander, and particularly towards Iraty. The news
of the defeat of the Royalists, who went from that place, is con-
firmed, and they were repulsed with . severe loss. It is even
reported that the place is invested by their adversaries, who
hoped to make themselves masters of it in a few days ; but they
have repeated this boast so often that we must not give credit
to it, and especially because Espinosa is not strong enough to
undertake this operation, and at the same time to attend to the
maintenance of tranquillity in the interior of the province.
The Secret Committee of the Faith at Bayonne has highly
' disapproved of the conduct of Colonel Cabra and of the Com-
mandant Redonde, who conducted this movement on the 4th.
It has been decided, in consequence of this, that Don Carlos
shall go and take the command of Navarre, and of the three
provinces, for the purpose of organizing the troops of Iraty,
and recovering
.the Royalist cause in that country, by encou-
raging people's minds and raising new levies. This General
has fixed his departure for the 14th. lle will proceed first to
Iraty._ In our next we shall give the Proclamation which he
has prepared to be addressed to the Navarrese and Biscayans.
The accounts from Saragosa of the sth seem to very favour-
able to the. Constitutional cause, although the agents of the
Faith whbm we have in this city represent them in a different
light. The following are the accounts we received of the ope-
rations of the army of Mina. On the 30th this General pro-
proceeded with about 3,000 men from Calaf towards Bergs,
.with his right supported by Agramont, and leaving Solsona
and Cordona sufficiently reinforced.
General Milans, with an equal force, advanced upon Olio :
his vanguard marched on the towards Campredon, leaving
Manresa and Vich secure against any attack. General Zarco
del Valle had passes the Cirna, and entered Tremp on the
let, with his left leaning on the mountains, upon the frontiers
of France, and his right towards Balaquer, which is in the
possession of the Royalists, and which is closely blockad'ed.—
At the moment of the departure of the Courier from Saragosa,
it was positively affirmed that the vanguard of General Mina
was, on the 3d, within three leagues of Urgel, the Junta of
which place had retired to Puycerda. The Royalists were still
concentrated on the banks of the Segree from Urgel to Puy-
cerda ; but several Chiefs of Guerillas had refused to obey
Gen. Eroles. Gen. Mina has severely punished, on his way,
several individuals who had declared in favour of the insur-
rection. Some priests had even been hanged. •
The rear of the Constitutional Army is constantly harassed
by the bands of the Defenders of the Faith, who alarm the
garrisons and interrupt the communications; but it seems to
be the intention, of the Constitutional Generals to let them -
alone for the present, and direct their whole efforts agains Urgel
Puycerda, in order to put down the Government of the Regency,
and that they will then adopt measures to restore peace in the
interior. The game letters describe, in the strongest terms, the
enthusiasm of the troops of General Mina, as well as of the.
good spirit of the inhabitants of Barcelona; above 4,000 of
whom have now joined the army of General Milans,
