MERCANTILE Sill ['PING.

DEAL, NOV. 10.—Wind N.E.—Arrived and sailed for the
River the Stockton,. Langley, from St. John's, N. 8.; and a
naval transport, particulars unknown.
Nov. 9.—Wind S.S.E.—Carne down from the River and
sailed the Kitty, Goodwin, for St. Übes ; and General Pike,
Towers, for ditto.
PORTSMOITTU, Nov. 10.—Wind N.—Arrived the Zephyr
transport, from Ramsgate. Sailed the Prince Regent, Taylor,
for Tobago; his Majesty's ship Ranger and Success transport,
for Deptford.
Nov. 9.—Wind S.S.E.—Arrived from the Downs the Sarah,
Scott, for Africa, and sailed again with the Sir Charles .M‘Cas-
thy, Harris, for ditto. Arrived also the Killenbeck, Smith, •
for Antigua; Underwood, Pennington, for Madeira; Garland
Grove, Pennelly, Jamaica; Rose, Cornehy, Madeira. Sailed
the Thalia, Munroe, for Madras and Van Dieman's Land.
PLYMOUTH, Nov. 9.—Wind S.S.E.—Arrived the nonce-
val, Cromartie, from London for Barbadoes. Sailed the Wood-
park;for Dominic.o.
FALMOUTH, Nov. IL —Wind N.—Arrived the Lady Louisa
Packet, from Brazils—sailed from Rio 14th September. Sailed
the Woodford, Chapman, for Madras and Bengal; Princess
Royal, for New South Wales ;' Ocean, for the Cape of Good
Hope; Swiftsure, for Rio Janeiro; Stately and Standard, for
Jamaica ; New Phoenix, for Trinidad ; Ilebe, for Geno 4 ;
Jo-
sephe, for Naples; Ann, for Venice; Independence,.for Gib-
raltar ; Concord and Rising Sun, for St. Michael's ; Friend—
ship and Rose, for Seville ; Dispatch, Helen, Stanmer Packet,
and Duke of Marlborough Packet, all for Lisbon..
Cowts, Nov. 10.—Wind W.—Arrived the Echo, Telfer,
from London for Madeira and Jamaica, to take passengers and
troops.

THE MARKETS.

CORN EXCHANGE, Nov. 11.
Last week the supplies of all sorts 'of Grain were tolerably
large, and this morning there were a great many vessels in
coastways. There was a demand for superfine samples early in
the morning on full as good terms as last Monday, but after-
wards the trade became dull, andOces of all sorts of Grain
were considered rather lower thakix:this day se nnight; fine
samples of Barley, for malting, sells f7eely ; Boiling Peas con-
tinue dull sale, at last quotatiOns ; Beans and Gray Peas re-
main unaltered in price. The large quantities of Oats has
.6
caused a dull trade, and are rather lower ; Rape 'Seed is con-
siderably dearer. t
t
SMITHFIELD MARKET, ,Nov. 11.
There was a very full market this ..;, ning of all kinds o:c.'
Cattle, among which were a great nu-, +et' of Lincolnshire
Oxen, which the butchers obtained at a 16w price; in other de-
scriptions of Oxen the trade was rather dull, and a great num-
ber remained unsold.—The prices of all kinds of meat remain .
as per last market-day.

THE LONDON JOURNALS.

itrrn ACTS FROM THE DdILY "MORNING rApErts,

November 11, 1822.

[THE TIMES.]
The state of the money market in London may
be taken as an index of the state of political con-
cerns throughout Europe ; and, looking to the
transactions of Saturday, we should apprehend
there is, or is likely to be, unsettled weather
abroad. Unsettled weather may, no doubt, ter-
minate in a calm, as well as in a tempest : we
wish for the former issue, but we wish for the
calm of liberty and contentment, rather than
that of slavery and sullenness. Whoever
looks at the present condition of the Conti-
nent, can consider it as no other than an ex-
periment, how long technical and absurd ar-
rangements can control the voice of nature, and
the desires of the great majority 'of mankind.—
The present system is like that of Buonaparte,
except that it is sustained by much less vigour
and talent. While any thing remains undone,
nothing that is done can be considered as secure.
The web of tyranny, the filaments of which it is
endeavoured to spread over all the Continent,.
so that no part shall be left unbound, may begin
to unweave in Greece-.—it may begin to unweave
in Spain—perhaps even in Naples or Piedmont ;
and when once the unravelling commences, none
can tell where it will stop.

[NEW TIMES.]
It is universally acknowledged, that there
never was a parallel to the alarm of Saturday
last on the Stock Exchange. All securities were
affected ; but the fall of the Spanish Scrip was
quite terrific !—This Stock which three weeks
ago was at 75-% had fallen in the course of Satur-
day to 60 and even to 58, and left off in a very
uncertain state between 60 and 62, with hardly
any buyers at any price. A number of rumours
were afloat, but most of them were false. The
Times led the way, by asserting that the Duke
of Wellington was on his return to England;
a statement which can hardly be true ; for
our Correspondent at Verona saw his Grace
there so lately as the 29th of October, when
there was no idea of the Noble Diplomatist's de-
parture. Upon the back of this statement came
a rumour that the Congress was dissolved, which
we can positively contradict. It was then as-
serted that Mina had been beaten in Catalonia
with the loss of 7,000 men, a palpable exaggera-
tion, but probably founded on some check that
this General has received. Finally, it was said
that the French Army of Observation had
broken up from its positions, and crossed the
frontier to support the Spanish Royalists ; a
measure which, we apprehend, has not yet been
adopted. whatever may be the ultimate destina-
tion of this force.
