AAMRICAN PAPERS.

Yesterday the Duke of Sviscx compie'ed
34th year. In the evening G. acid S. n -,EDDELL,
Jermyn-street, Sword-cutlers and Army-accoutre-
inent -makers, and several others, tradesmen to his
I-Royal Highness, were illuminated, as nquai, on 114
'Anniversary of their Royal Patron's Birth.
New York and 80-ston Pdpers,' to the 31st of D.
cember, have been received. Letters from NeW
°dem-li, of the v,5t4 ofiNovember, notice the arrival
of the American General WlLiti-INSON in that city,
with a small detachment of 4Q artificers, but with
BQO men close in his rear.

The Spanish force which had crossed the Sabind
,against the Americans, is stated in the Official Intel-
ligence of the American General, tic.) amount to 1500
men, mostly mounted militia.—The Spanish force at
Pensacola, Mobile,.and Baton, was estimated at froto
500 to .650. There was no appearance whatever of
an amicable adjustment of d.ifYerences between the
Arriericans and Spaniards.
The public opinion in America is in general 11-
:vourble to the innocence of Col. Bil.Rll no prCofs
have been as yet obtaiped. against hitusf any thing
, like treasonable or seditious praCtices.
The New En:gland Palladium of tihe;29th ult. con,.:
tains aparagrapn, stating, that intelligeriee had bepo
brought by 'a vessel from the Havant-rah, of the,
capture of Buenos Ayres, on the 'l2th of Aug. by
the Spaniards.; and, also of the surrender of Mont
Video to,the liritish Arms.
Theiatest report of the proceedings of the House.
of Congress bears date December 19. The only ar-
tiele-ef general interest is, the Bill to prohibit the
Importation of Slaves ; it has been reported, with'
amendaients.. One amendment provides the mulish..
ment .of death for being concerned in importing
Slaves ; another,. that Slaves importe4 shall be for.,
feited in those States only Where slavery is permitted.
Great difficulties had arisen, when the Bill was bef
fore the Committee, as to the line of concinEt with
regard. to such Slaves as should be imported in future,
contrary to Law. The questions agitated were, whe4
ther they Mould be sent back to Africa, or be set at
liberty ?

A Bill is about to be brought into Congress, in
America, imposing a Tax upon all Batchelors above.
the age of 25 years. The produce of this Tax is tO
be applied to the purpose of educating n;:ural and
orphan children.

Yesterday a Court of -Aldermen was held at
Guildhall, at which were present the Lord Mayor,
fourteen Aldermen, the Recorder, and City Officers, •
The Court inspetied the Repor6 of the Meal*,
,
weighers, and ordered the price of Bread to be con.'
tinued at Is. iid.. the Quartern Loaf of :Wheaten,
and i iid. Household.
Mr. KENNEY has been 16: successful with hiS
Cousin, that he need be under no. False .ellar'ins lest.
he 'silt:1111d be obliged to apply to. his Uncle.
BELLAMY, the singer, is, it seems performing
with great success at Belfast..

Miss JAMESON, who lately -performed the cha-•
rater of Palmyra, to Master BETTY'S Zaphna, is
the revived Tragedy of Alahornet, at the Bath
Theatre, acquitted herself so ably, that she has
much increased her reputation, high as it wag-
befbre.
.-

One of the fashionable Coxcombs who haunt the
scenes Of the Opera House,- ow Saturday last„ for a
wager of 10 guineas, crossed the Stage, close behind
CATALAN!, while. she was singing. The audience
saluted him with a..hiss, but such an insult to tbo
Public merited .a more severe. mode
.of -reprehension.
CATALAN' iS a very great Performer, but her
powers are much over-rated by injudicious admira-
tion. The vast compass of her voice is her peculiar
merit. In the execution of chromatic passages shit
is by no means equal. to .131tAHANt, and her voice, in
point of sweetness, is very much inferior to that of
Mrs. BILUNGTON. She certainly excites surprizei.
btit,,in the words Of the Poet, it may be fairly said ,
that she

Plays round the bead, but touchop not the heart."
FU TiT E Nitta. E, at the age of 97, after saying -Mai.
ny amiable and gallant things to the young and beailf
tiful Mad. HELVETIIJS, passed before her, without
perceiving her, in order to place himself at table
" said Madame HELvETius, " how I ought
to value your gallantries you pass before me with,
out looking at me." L--" Madame," said the old mail 4..
" I had looked at'?jou, I could not have passed."
ANECDOTE.---01.1 VER MAI LI, A RD, a Cordelier,
had the reputatibn ,of bein one of the most famous
preachers of his time. Having glanced, in his ser-,
moo's, at some traits applicable to the cbudat of
Louis XL the irritated Monarch desired the Preacher
to be told that he would drown him. " The King
is master," replied MAIL LA ; " but tell him that
I sbajl arrive sooner in Paradise by water, than be
will with all his post horses."

Mrs. INciumo is preparing another of Ahosd
affeeting Novels 19r the Public whicls:A.lLtrongly ;kg"
terest the..feel.ings.---Thi3 Author draws trom the
e.
genuin source of nature; and therefore we should
prefer an original romance from her pen to ani
translation from the .German drama.

CORONER'S Isaucsr.--;An Inquisition has been
,taken before G. HODGSON, Esq. Coroner for Mid-
Ale Sex, on. the body of the. voung wtstrinn whom we,
stated to have falltrn a yidial to the neglect of
the
.drivers of two.couutry• carts. The dreadful event
'occurred between Brentford. and Harrow, and not
in the neighbourhood of 'Paddington, as before
stated: It appeared in evidence, that the young
woman who lost her life was a Miss Robinson, 19

years of age. &be kept a milliner's shop at Brent-
ford, and on the day of the accident she was in. a
chaise-cart with' another female, on her way from
Bretitford 'to Harrow, at which latter place she was
about taking'another shop. The country carts were
retutning from town laden with dung, and the driver
of one of them was asleep, and the other was in a.
state of inebriation, a considerable distance bairn'.

. _
his 'cart. It has been already stated' that the chaise"

. .
cart was overturned by one of the carts being drawn
against it. Miss Robinson was pitched on her bead,
by • which her neck was broken, and she died ill"

'stantaneonsly, and her friend hid a limb broken•!
'The• Jury retuened a Verdi& of Accidental Death,
-occasioned by the negle& of the drivers, 'and a dee
'land was taken. The drivers of the carts were taken'

before the Magistrates at garrgw, and comoaittedta

ppsqa.,

thi?
of.
Ere'
his
the

De-
rew
ival
ity,
rich

tel-
;00
at
orn'

fa-
oti
iog

Downing:Street, Jan. 27, 1807.

1-
a
ii
LS

iS.

Prom tl¢ LOYDON GAZETTE, Jan, 27, 1807.

Lbiwatches, of which the following are Copies,
iuve been received by the Right Honourable ZVii-
'll/1 Windham, one of His Majesty's .pfincipal
tiretaries of State, from Lieutenant Colonel_Back-
nrouse, commanding a Detachment of His ;Majesty's
‘411(.1 Forces in the River de la Plata.
Royal Charlotte (Transport), of Monte
Video, 05lober 13, 1804.
1 Understanding that a Vessel is to sail itrimediate-
-7 for England, I do myself the honour to transmit
you,a Copy of a Letter -addressed to Lieutenant
eoeral Sir David Baird, in obedience to whose or-
(rs I sailed on the 29th of August last, with Ist
'att. 47th Regiment, for the purpose of joining Ma-
'jor General Beresford in South America.

" Royal Charlotte (Transport), off Monte
• " SIR, Video, 00ober I'3, 1806
" I have the honour to acquaint your Excellency,
that, on my arrival here, I had the mortification to
the City of Buenos Ayres recaptured, and that
illtnjor General Beresford, with the Forces under his
c)rnmand (after a most able and gallant defence)',
,
4+d been made Prisoners of War, so far back as the
I4th of August last.

" Having arrived last night, I am not at this inii-
Nent, sufficiently,acquainted with the particulars to
enable me to detail them, though "presume due and
full info'rmation of this unfortunate and important
event must have been transmitted to you soon after
its occurrence.

ou are aware, Sir, that the command :6f His
Majesty's Land Farces, at present in this River, de.-
lves upon me, with which, in co-operation with
t!)e Squadron under Sir Home POpham, it is 'my in-
tention to occupy a favourable position, until 'a Re-
itifircernent shall arrive, or i may be 'honoured with
your' urther instructions •; and trust that, by an early
9PkirtuDity, I shall be able to afford 'yeti a satisfac-
N'y report of my arrangements and operatiOs iu
)ca.rrying your designs into execution. And am,"
&c.
" To Lieutenant General Sir D.
tec

The immodiate departure of the Ship for England,
,and The situation in. Which I find myself unexpe&—
‘dry ylaced, prevent any further corninonication
wily
What, is contained in the preceding Letter.
I have the honour, to be, Sm.
'(Signed) T. 3. BACKHOUSE,
• Col. commanding 477th Reit.
The Itight ..tion-o. rable William kindham,
&c. &c. tee.
Of a Dispatch from Lietttenant-Colonel Back-
house to the Right Hon. Win. Wihdham, dated
-Waldwiizela,-Olz the River 'de la Plata, ,?.14.st .OEI.
1806.

ti .I'4 sleAcr :tif the 13th inst. I had 'the honour
Y.O transmit a copy of
,my letttr of the saine date,
I,FO HIS Excellency Lieutenant-General Sit David
04,aird; apprising him at my arrival in the River
of my intention to ciCtetipy a peSition on
ihore; to await his further orders.
I,.in consequepce, homes:Lately reconnoitred', from
one of the Frigates, which tarried the sufficiently
(lose ift shore for the ptirpoe; the works of the
Dace, and the positions and defetim in the vicinity
Video,' freni which I formed, as the most
°lgible mode of attack, the Idea of being able .to
tarry the town and Citadel by assault, on the south
Ledging on the Water., in co=operation with the
of the Bquacirciti under Commodore Sir Home
°Pham, which were to silence the batteries on that
so as to enable the troops to land and enter,--,
4-be attempt' was' acddrdingly Commenced on the
28th by the. Navy btit the water proving too Shal-
•64e tO admit Of the ShipS coming • suillciently near
to cannonade it *ith etfeet, a further effort was
necessarily given up.
Upon this t deemed it advisable, with the co-
°Perative -concurrence of Sir florbc Poriharn, to take
Possession of the town of Maldonado, as a favour-
!ble position for the purpose Of refreshing the
troops, niouriting niy cavalry, and tirrying on-such
other arrangenients as Might thereafter appear most
necessary.
NOt a monient Wis lost ; and, accordingly on the
evening of the 29th, I lauded with about 400 men,
c:lrripesed principally of a part of the 38th silegi-
,*l, eat; under Colonel Vassal, and advanced against
bine town, which seemed to be occupied by about
"00 Regulars and Militia, mostly mounted, with
rle howitzer, and oue. long'4-pounder.,-riiece,
Doth brass.

Notwithstanding we were without ani-artillery,
I
enemy were soon dispersed, with the loss of
'their guns, and about 5,0 men killed atid•wounded.
The loss on our side was two killed and four wound-
ed, of His Majesty's. 38th Regiment.
To the cool intrepidity of our little column on
.this occasion, much praise is due, as it advanced
with the utmost steadiness and alacrity, and without
firih a shot, until suiliciently near to. make a ger-
, taint gy of Carrying both
the guns and the town, ,
which was principally done by the bayonet, not-
u'lthstanding- the advance was made under heavydischarges of grape and musketry.
To the well-known gallantry and ability of Colo-
hel
Vassal 1 feel myself much indebted; and the
65hddat of every other Otficer'in the field has com-
hlanded my thanks. •
At day-break yesterday morning I detached Colo-
nel Vassal to take possession of the heavy batteries
bit the beach al the harbour, and on the peninsula,
,which precluded any communication for the 4nemy
-°etwoen the main land and the strong island and
Post of. Gorreti, situated in, and much commanding
91e Bay of Maldonado, and which, in consequence,
1" the course of the day, surrendered at discretion to
a Summons sent from Sir Home Popham, and there-
,
preverted the necessity of carrying it by storm,
and the consequent bloodshed that might have en-
filled. During yesterday and this morning the chief
part of the remainder of the troops have been landed,
'd I have already contrived to mount nearly one-
half of my CaValry.
The Wellington Transport being direeted to sail
rnmernately to England, I have taken the liberty of
7
irddressing this short account of my proceedings di-
l'_ ctlY to you, Sir Horne Popham having represented
edet! me his inability to dispatch a Vessel at this time
the Cape of Good Hope, precluding me the power
trt MZ'Oilllg my report through the regular channel of
tentenant-General Sir David Baird.

7 ought not tO omit to mention the v.ery steady
and praise-worthy cc ndua of a small party of
NI -
rines and armed Seamen, sent on shore by Ski-. Flothe
Popham, who joined 'and compoSed part cifourct).-
lUfun on its way into the town, and occupied
.suseh
positions as were alldtted to them duringtk,i,:i44(
in such a_correa manner as to redea-rlie.i;4'-7:0..!•.t
credit both on the Officers that comtnarideir
and•their own zeal and discipline.

•
I should also be -wanting in justice' to my oWti
feelings if I closed my Dispatch Without acknow-
ledging the services I have received from Lieutenant-
Colonel Brow'nrigg, Deputy Quarter-Master Gene-
ral, and Major Trotter, of the 83d 'Regiment, actin;
Deputy Adjutint,General to' the Forces at present
under my commanch And I also beg leave tO ac-
knowledge the assistance afforded me 'by Major
Tatter, olthe 72d Regiment, who by permission of
Lieutenant-General Sir David Baird is with me on
this occasion, and acting in the capacity of Military
Secretary,
I here With have the honour to incline/lie Return
of such Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores as have
yet been dficovered.
I ave the 'honour to be, Scc.
J. T. BACKHOT_ISE,
'Lieut. Col. 47th Reg.
Return of 'Killed and Wounded of the Troops tinder the
'Command of Lieutenant-Colonel Backhouse. in the At.

tack of Maldonado, on the nth ofodober, '1836. ,
38th Regimeht=i rank and file killed, 4 rank andlile wound.
ed.
(Signed) W. R. TROTTER,
• Major 83d Reg. Ading Dep. Actsj Gen.
;leturn 'of Ordnance, AmMunition, and Stores, `,Stc. taken
'from 'the Enemy in the Town and Vicintiy of Maldonado*
and Island of Gorreti, on the 29th et October, 4866.
BRASS ORbNANCE.
Six.inch Howitzer, with ten rounds of Ammunition,
Sa-potinder, With ten rounds of (tato.
_ •

IRON ORDNANtE.
12 Twinv.six -pounder,. ut Sta Batzerkis.
xo Twenty •tour-pouiiders on the islaail of Corrett,.
700 D 4 usk.ts.
200 PiStOlt.

300 Swords.
la Barrels of Powder.

(Signed) A. WATSON,
Capt. R. M. Artillery.
N.B. the above is the mbst correct Return I
have yet been able to cclle&.
.(Signed) \Y. R. 'TROTTER,
Actuig Dep. Adj. Ge-ra:
