THE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1838

PUBLICATIONS.

This day was published, 33 st edition, post Bvo., price is. cloth,
if
.ETTERS on the Subject of the CATHOLICS
LA
to my BROTHER ABRAHAM, who lives in the
_
Country. By PETER PLYMLEY.
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

LORD CLARENDON'S LIFE.
This day was published in 3 vols. Bvo. with Portrait, and
Fac-similes, price 21. Bs.
LIFE AND ADMINISTRATION OF
EDWARD, First Earl of Clarendon. With Original
Correspondence and Authentic Papers, never before published.
By THOMAS H. LISTER, Esq.
London : Longman, Ornd Co-

Just published, Bvo., price 2s. tid., sewed,
THE STATE of the SCIENCE of POLITI-
CAL ECONOMY INVESTIGATED; wherein is shown
the defective Character of the Arguments which have hitherto been
advanced for elucidating the Laws of the Formation of Wealth.
By WILLIAM ATKINSON,
A Member of the Statistical Society of London.
Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane.

THE PEEL BANQUET AT MERCHANT TAILORS'
HALL THIS EVENING.
A FULL REPORT of this splendid Banquet,
and of the Speeches of Sir R. Peel and others, will be given
It
in the OLD BELL'S WEEKLY MESSENGER of TO-
MORROW (SUNDAY), May Is.
Published at No. 2, Bridge-street, Blackfriars.
Orders received by all the Newsmen.

SIR WILLIAM KNIGHTON'S MEMOIRS AND CORRE-

SPONDENCE.
In 2 vols. Bvo, with Portrait,
MEMOIRS OF SIR WM. KNIGHTON,
Bart., G. C. H.,
KEEPER of the PRIVY-PURSE during the REIGN of

GEORGE IV.

By Lady KNIGHTON. '
Including Sir William Knighton's Correspondence
With the most Distinguished Personages of his Time.
IS NOW READY.
Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street,
Publisher in Ordinary to Her Majesty

Just published,
THE DUBLIN REVIEW. No. lII'
Price tis.

CONTINTI.
I. Trinity College, Dublin.
2. Tracts for the Times.
3. Records of Olden Outlaws.
4. Catholic Missions—Tahiti.
5. Miseries and Beauties of Ireland.
6. Pedro of Castile.
7. Mehemet Ali.
8. Meyler on Irish Tranquillity.
9. The Bishop of Exeter and the Catholic Oath.
10. Irish Novels.
11. French and Italian Literature.—lndex,
London : Booker and Dolman, 61, New Bond-street ; Dublin
M. Staunton ; Edinburgh W. Tait.

THE L ANCET
MAY 12th.—Edited by Mr. WAKLEY, M.P.
CoNTENTB:--

1. Mortality of the Navy ; Means of improving the Health of
Seamen-2. Medical History of the British Legion in Spain-3.
Treatment of obstinate Cutaneous Diseases by the Vapour of
lodine and Sulphur, by G. A. Walker, E5ci.....„.
-I Hellebore a
Poppies-10. P
remedy for Gont-5. Lectures by Drs Hall and Sigmond-6.
Remarkable Case of Gun-shot Wound passing through the body,
treated by Mr. Liston-7. Dr. Thomson ;133,111;k
PEroxfpeescsotorraGtiroan.
..eports from
h—att.— g.TheHospitals
Poisoninga Solidification I idi 4 i c at
Medical i
withons oocfi.
te
Syrup 9 Carbonic.
o f Acidpop p
Price Eightpence.

Just published, in on
MADAME vol.
TUSSAUD'S Bvo. with Plates, price 145.,
MEMOIRS AND REMINISCENCES,
Edited by FRANCIS NERVE, E,q.
Author of " A Residence in Greece and Turkey, gm tce.
Containing an account of her long residence in the Palace of
P;ayette, Robespierre,
Versailles, with the Princess Elizabeth, (siste;r
itiokeLweisueiswtihteh Si-
teenth) and description of the Court at that period.
Also records of conversations in which she was personally engaged
Vol-
taire,wi th
RNapoleonoussea and 3 otherurabe
Ist sovereigns e r ige
Necker,
eorf, Europe o
Danton, Marat, 'Pte. &c. Few persons perhaps now existing,- who
can give a more accurate account than herself of all that transpired
during tke Revolution, her reminiscences being clear, her observa-
tions ever acute, whilst circumstances brought her in contact with
almost every remarkable character who figured in the revolutionary
annals.
Saunders and Otley, Conduit-street, Hanover-square ; and may
be had also at the Exhibition Bazaar, Baker-street, Portman-
square. _

On Monday week the fall of snow was so heavy in
the Peak of Derbyshire, especially at Matlock, Darley, etc., as to impede
the progress of travellers for some time.—Doncaster Gazette.
On Monday evening part of a hay mow, in the
marshes near Merrifield, the property of Mr. Vosper, of Merrifield Farm,
was discovered to be on fire. A lad named Richard Underhill, who was
seen near the spot, was apprehended, and fully committed for trial. He
admitted setting the hay-mow on fire, for " a spree." He also stated
his having set a hay-mow on fire, belonging to Mr. Vosper, which was
destroyed nearly two years since.—Plymouth Journal.

LONDON :
SATURDAY EVENING, MAY 12, 1838.

Well—notwithstanding the semi-official declaration of
Ministers, that Lord CHARLES FITZROY was not dis-
missed from the office of Vice-Chamberlain to her MA-
JESTY, for his righteous vote upon Sir GEORGE STRICK-
LAND'S motion for the abolition of negro appren-
ticeship, it now turns out that his Lordship is
indeed the first " victim" to the honest indepen
donee of his principles upon this most important question.
Lord MELBOURNE, it appears, is not the penitent upon
the Slave question which we were authorised to an-
nounce him—oa authority which we deemed, and which
the country would deem, quite conclusive, with re-
spect to the intentions of the Cabinet of which his Lord-
ship is the head. The ist;)ble Viscount has discovered,
no doubt, that the friends of the poor negroes are not so
powerful—or rather not so vindictive against the official
chiefs of the Reform party—as at the first blush of the
business he not unreasonably apprehended they
would be after the provocation they had received.
His Lordship's supporters out of doors, and above
all, the liberal press, prayed them not to mix up
the question of emancipation with the conduct of
a Ministry wanting in the powoar rather than the
will to realize the righteous hopes of the unconditional Abo-
litionists ; and, as a fitting reward for their zeal
and credulity, the Cabinet now turns round and negatives
its assertions by the dismissal of the only Member
of• her MAJESTY'S household who had the nobleness to
prefer a sense of duty to a love of office ! Even here, with
inconceivable littleness, if not positive meanness, the mo-
tive for the dismissal of the Noble VICE-CHAMBER-
LAIN was sought to be concealed the moment it was
ascertained that there was real danger in such an
experiment upon the highly-wrought feelings of the country.
What must be the inevitable result of such a fluctuating,
time-serving, temporizing policy on the part of any Govern-
ment in this country in the nineteenth century ? We an-
swer, without hesitation—ultimately—loss of office, pre-
ceded by the more grievous loss of confidence and character•
Why were not the honest Ministerial supporters of the
Ballot dismissed? Why, indeed! But the spirit of agita-
tion only slcepeth for a while ; and when it awakes let re-
negades beware !

From a conversation which took place in the House of
Lords last night, we learn that Lord BROUGHAM is ex-
tremely anxious to be present at the debate upon the
second reading of the Irish Poor-law Bill. To accommo-
date the Noble and Learned Baron—though the second
reading is fixed for Monday—the House will not go into
Committee upon the Bill before Friday, when it is ex-
pected that Lord BROUGHAM shall have returned from
Paris, so restored in health as to be able to give to
the measure his undivided attention. Lord BROUGHAM
has never made a secret of his fierce hostility
to the principle of Poor-laws ; and therefore, we can disco-
ver no grounds for liberal exultation at the prospect of his
appearance in Parliament, at a moment so important to the
destiny of the poor of Ireland ; unless, indeed, recent
events may have convinced the Noble and Learned Lord,
in common with hundreds of others, that a Poor-law is de-
cidedly essential to the moral and physical improvement of
that much-neglected portion of the British Empire.
When, however, we see the necessity of Lord BROUGHAM'S
presence argued by Lord LYNDHURST, and when we more-
over know that there already exists a combination of those
Peers with whom Lord LYNDHURST is in the habit of
voting, against the principle and the details of this Bill, we
cannot dismiss certain strong misgivings which we have
upon this subject. We are aware that this is not a ques-
tion of party in any shape, and we should deprecate any
'attempt to make it one ; but this does not blind us to the
fact that many of the Irish Tory Peers are disposed so to
regard it, in order to cover a neglect of the interests of the
poor, by the guise of a want of confidence in the prac-
ticability of any measure sanctioned by the Govern-
ment. Nor are we ourselves so sure of the firmness
of Lord MELBOURNE as not to dread the consequences
of any serious opposition to this Bill, notwithstand-
ing the hopes held out to the distressed poor of Ire-
land by the present Cabinet ever since its appointment to
office. We therefore implore the friends and supporters
of the Bill to bestir themselves in good earnest in its fa-
vour, before the close of the next week. The ruin of the
measure in Committee has long since been resolved upon.

The discussion on the Slave Trade in the House of
Commons on Thursday was of too much importance to be
passed over with ordinary comment. We have no hesita-
tion in naming it, as the most important and most interest-
ing which has taken place during the Session, on a subject
in which Tory, Whig, and Radical, all agree ; and interest-
ing as were the debates raised by Lord BROUGHAM in the
Upper House, they fell far short of this, because we now
see that the Government, backed by the House of Com-
mons, is prepared not to remonstrate, and remonstrate in
vain, as it has hitherto done, but, to use a homely phrase,
take the law into their own hands. We made great sacri-
fices to our old friend and ally Portugal, and bound her by
treaty to put down this horrible traffic ; yet though she had
not a ship of war fit to encounter one of our frigates, and
barely credit to raise a few thousand pounds to put down a
partial civil war, she set treaties and the power of England
alike at defiance. The voice of the people of this country,
who had done so much fur the African race, was loud in
denouncing this breach of faith—the feeling had become
universal that it was the duty of the Government, even at
the risk of war, to insist upon the fulfilment of the treaty—
and that feeling has been unanimously responded to by the
Government and the Commons of England. The words
of Lord PALMERSTON were such as become the Minister

of a great power engaged in the most holy cause—they were
enthusiastically cheered by all sections of the House—they
will be still more sheered by the friends of humanity through-
out this country, and in every quarter of the globe—because
they throw a light over that dark gloom of despair which
oppressed the minds of men who had for forty years strug-
gled to put an end to the Slave Trade, and who found, after
all their exertions, and all tho sacrifices made, that it was
carried on but last year to an extent as great as ever, and
with a cruelty, compared with which the treatment of these
unhappy beings at the commencement of the century may
be described as refined humanity. Lord PALMERSTON
said, " If Portugal continued to refuse to us that justice,
the time must come when it would be incumbent on her
MAJzszv's Government to appeal to Parliament for powers
to do ourselves, and on our own authority, that which Por-
tugal refused to permit us to do in accordance with a solemn
treaty." Now that the question is taken up in this way, we
have no misgivings about the result ; war will not be necessary
to make Spain or Portugal keep faith with England, and men
of all parties will have the pride and satisfaction of reflect-
ing that, forgetting their political differences, they agreed,
in 1834, in putting an end to slavery in every part of the
British dominions, and, in 1838, joined cordially in a reso-
lution which will ultimately put an end to the slave-
trade throughout the world. The people of the United
States of America, who boast of possessing the greatest
possible freedom, will not be out-done in the cause of
humanity by even the despotic Governments of Europe.
They were the first to abolish the Slave trade, and we
cannot for a moment suppose that they could long submit
to the unenviable distinction of at the same time possessing
more slaves than any other civilised State, and allowing
their flag of liberty to be the only one polluted by the very
outcasts of society—the traffickers in human blood.

The " United Mercantile and Traveller's Association
and Life Assurance Society," is one of those numerous,
useful, and benevolent associations which demonstrate that
the great mass of the people, when they have the means,
are quite willing to provide against the casualties of life, as
well as leave something behind them when life comes to
an end. Only the very poor, who have the will,like the others,.
but want the power to take such precautions, negleel them.
We are willing to remind the world of these examples of pru-
dence and forethought in the bulk of the people, as they tend
to make legislators less anxious to interfere with the people
The Society we are noticing devotes one-fifth of its funds
—which must be large, for its members are 24,000—
to purposes of benevolence, and the other four-fifths re-
vert to the subscribers. It is both a benevolent and a pro-
vident Institution. We heartily wish it success, as all such
schemes go to diminish the sum of misery in society, and
lessen the necessity for extending legislation. The import-
ance of it to persons engaged in mercantile pursuits must
be evident ; and in a mercantile community like ours it
will no doubt receive great support.

Prodigious preparations are making for the en tertain-
ment which is to be given to-day to Sir ROBERT PEEL, at
Merchant-tailors' Hall. Accommodation, we are assured
by the polite historian of Tory doings, cannot be found for
a tenth part of the fair dames who would gladly be present.
Their wish in nowise surprizes us, for some of the most extrc;-
ordinary things will probably be seen and heard that have
been for a long time witnessed. The Chairman, who
certainly has the merit of being consistent and persevering,
in his selfish, coercive politics, refused to join Sir ROBERT
PEEL'S Administration in 1834, because it was then ne-
cessary for Sir ROBERT to wear the mask of conformity,
and trim his sails to the popular breeze. The Adminis-
tration, however, which he refused to join, is, according
to the great body of the Tories, the brightest gem in Sir
ROBERT'S glory, and it will be amusing to see the Noble
Marquis in proposing the health of the chief guest, either
joining the bulk of the Tories in now professing admiration
for the Administration he then despised or deserting his party
and wholly passing by Sir ROBERT'S grand achievement. He
actually fought the whole House of Commons for six
weeks single-mouthed, and scarcely a speaking Tory came
to his aid. It must be also amusing to witness the Noble
Marquis in a meeting of country gentlemen, defending Sir
ROBERT'S determined opposition to the repeal of the Malt
Tax, when he made his worthy supporters—the country
gentlemen—vote, like Sir 11.0 GER GREISLEY, against their
declarations at the hustings. The Noble Chairman must
propose also the health of those now distinguished and
leading Tories, Sir JAMES GRAHAM, Sir FRANCIS BUR-
DETT, and Lord STANLEY; probably he will devote one
bumper only to the trio, and his terms and gestures as
he compliments the two formerly Radical Baronets, and
the author of the Slave Apprenticeship Bill, must be one of
the richest exhibitions which was ever represented
on any stage. Such a collection of grave grown men
as will there compliment each other this evening, on
their various changes in politics, on the great good they
have done for their country and themselves, on the extra-
ordinary success of their policy, which has neither enabled
them to keep their estates nor to get into office—neither to
preserve their ascendancy in private society nor in the country
must be far more amusing to a reflecting spectator than the
chattering and grimaces of the monkeys at the Zoological
gardens to aholiday boy. The seriousness of the Augers,which,
when they met, made Cicero laugh, must be nothing to
the seriousness of a body of Gentlemen composed of
KNATBHBULL and STANLEY, BURDETT and GRAHAM,
INGLIS and HARDINGE, headed by the Marquis of CHAN-
Dos, all met to compliment each other on their political
consistency, while they do homage to the specious Baronet,
who, in 1829, sold his principle and party, his Church and
her College, to retain office under the warrior Duke. The
intention of the Tories in granting the Catholic claims was to
appease the Catholic leaders, and gain by their gratitude,
separating them from the Whigs, a perpetual possession of
power ; and now that Sir ROBERT has been for seven years
exiled from office, he bitterly regrets that once in his life
he did something approaching to justice and sound policy.
His present re-union with the bigots and the ultras—
making himself a poor tool of the selfish political economy
of the landowners, and of the rapacious Tory priesthood,
is a convincing proof not only of his regret, but of his pre-
sent engagement never to do what is right again.

We have inserted in another column a letter from Mr.
BENTLEY, the eminent publisher, which we think satisfac,
torily explains a statement made by Mr. WAKLEY with
respect to a work of Mr. BULWEIt'S.

We have inserted elsewhere in this day's Sun, a list of
the Division which took place on the Copyright Bill on
Wednesday last. It is gratifying to find that none of the
Cabinet are to be found in the minority, while the names
of the CHANCELEOR of the EXCHEQUER and Lord Ho-
WICK appear in the majority ; as does also that of Lord
MORPETH. It is likewise to be observed, that three or
four of the Ultra-Radicals, who make up in extravagance
what they want in sense, voted against the Bill.

We direct public attention to the proceedings wbish
took place yesterday at the first general meeting of tho
Directors and Shareholders of the Great Leinster and
Munster Railway Company, held at the London Tavern
Bishopsgate-street. Save the Poor-law Bill, no subject
can be more important to the people of Ireland. We trust
that a measure so beneficial will meet with every encou-
ragement.

The Paris Journals of Thursday are filled with Wednes-
day's debate in the Chamber of Deputies on the Railway
Bills. MM. DE LAMARTINE and LE GIRAUD spoke
warmly in favour of leaving the construction of railways to
the Government, under direction of the Minister of Public
Works. On the other hand, MM. ARAGO and BILLAUT
contended that such undertakings should be left to public
companies, whose competition would lead to their chearer
and better execution, besides giving proper encouragement
to men of capital and enterprise.
The trial of HUBERT and his accomplices was suspended
on Thursday, owing to the sudden illness of GIRAUD, one
of the accused.

Fresh reinforcements of troops are moving towards the
Belgian frontier.

The Dowager Queen of NAPLES is about to be united
in wedlock to a young Nobleman of that country. Her
MAJESTY has arrived at the disc;eet age of forty-nine, in
consequence of which her not over-gallant adorer, who is
only twenty-eight, insists upon an equalization of their age
in the shape of a dowry. His anxiety upon this score has
delayed the nuptials much longer than is said to be agree-
able to the love-smitten Dowager.
On the 20th ult. a grand ceremony in :ommemoration
of the founding of the city of Rome, which has now stood

2,587 years, was performed in the Sabine Palace. Th 0
city itself was illuminated on the occasion. On the 26th
the Grand Duke of TUSCANY visited his Holiness the
POPE at the Vatican.
We learn that the Infant Don'Francisco de Paula, with his family, ar.
rived at Santander on the 4th ; they must have arrived at Bayonne on
the 6th, in the evening, on board a steamboat, which was prepared ex.
pressly for them.
NAPLES, APRIL 16.—Some towns in Sicily intend to send addressee
to the King, but they will not be allowed to have them presented by de..
putat ion appointed for that purpose. It is reported that a corps of troops
is to be assembled between Reggio and Capua; but the resolution wilt
not be actually carried into effect till it shall be certain that the augus"t
visitors will arrive either before cr after the Corjnation of the EmPer
of Austria at Alan. Nothing is known here of the difference that has
arisen between our Court and the King of the French, though, there
are various statements which we do not believe to be correct.--LO
Commerce.

FRENCH FUNDS.—Panis, MAT 10.
Five per Cents.' 108 E 15c. 2;'c. 25c.
Four and a Half ner Cents. 1041,
Four per Cents., 1011. 50c.
Three per Cents., 81E 81f. Ic.
Bank Actions, 2,70 f.
Rente de Naples, WOE 130 c. 10If. 10c.
Roman Five per Cents., 102 102% 101.
Spanish Actives, 21 21.
Spanish Pz...ssiv es, 4%.
Belgian Loan, 103 U.
Belgian Bank, 1,440 f. 1,441 E 50c.
Portuguese Loan, Five per Cents., 32.
Haytian Loan, 485 f.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 108 E 45c.
Three per Certs., 811. 10c.
Bank Actions, 2,700 f.
Romans, 101.
Belgian Loan, 103 Vi.
Belgian Bank, 1,44•2 f. 50c.
Portuguese Five per Cents., 32.
Spanish Actives, 21k.
Spanish Passives, 4%.

SECOND EDITION•

Dr. CHALMERS'S sixth and last Lecture, this day, sviii
be given in a Second Edition, this afternoon, shortly aftec,
four o'clock.

ELECTION COMMITTEES..

(THIS DAY.)

TWO MORE TORIES OUSTED 1
And their Seats at PEEL'S BANQUET vacant 11

N.B.—Two Dinners to Let!

NORWICH.
The Committee met this morning at Eleven o'clock.
Mr. TALBOT, in the absence of Mr. Thesiger, said the agents for 60
Sitting Members had complied with what they undertook to do yesterdars
and had looked through the list of votes polled respectively for 01
Marquis of Douro and Mr. Scarlett. And, on an accurate investigs.'
tion of the votes supposed to be bad, it was found that out of that Mir%
ber they could not defend 21 votes given to the Marquis of Douro, anf_
25 given to Mr. Scarlett. Of the 25 who polled for Mr. S., 2 votes WM'
divided between that Gent. and Mr. Smith, and 2 others between
Scarlett and Mr. Nurse. The consequence would be that 21 v°"..;
would be struck from the poll of the Marquis of .Douro, 25 from that fr*
Mr. Scarlett, 2 from that of Mr. Smith, and 2 from that of Mr, Norm
The result would be that the numbers on the poll would stand thus
For the Marquis of Douro 1842 ,
Mr. Smith lB4l
Mr. Scarlett • lB4O
Mr. Nurse 1829
Without going into the evidence, he was prepared to take the shoe .1"r
course of admitting these to be bad votes. f Che
Mr. AUSTIN said the consequence of this was that the number 0-
poll would be altered as Mr. Talbot had stated, and there remain
nothing further to do, than to resolve that Mr. Scarlett was not du
elected, and that Mr. Smith was duly elected and ought to have bccni
returned.
The room was then cleared for a short time, and on our re-adtnlsl,,irjj
The CHAIRMAN read over the usual formal resolutions, after
the Committee adjourned.
