SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TA TTERSALL'S.
THE DERBY, 1832.
9 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Beiram
9 to I agst Mr. Dilly's Margrave
91 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Spencer
11 to 1 agst Lord Chesterfield's Non Compos
12 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's Byzantium (taken)
17 to 1 agst Duke of Grafton's Pastille colt
18 to I agst Mr. Vansittart's Darioletta colt
IS to 1 agst Lord Mountcharles's Minster
22 to 1 agst Mr. S. Day's Gratis
25 to 1 agst Mr. Ridsdale's Trustee
o to 2 agst Lord Exeter's lot
a) to 1 agst Margrave and Etniliana winning Derby and Oaks
(taken)

OAKS.
6 to 1 agst Mr. Chifney's E'rniliana

DONCASTER. ST. LEGER.
to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Fang
7 to 1 agst Lord Exeter's lot

Nothing is more calculated to allay unneces-
sary and groundless fears in the case of the cholera than the
undeniable fact of the smallness of the mortality in pro.
portion to the whole population where it has raged with
most violence. In addition to which, if it be borne in
mind that the disease invariably attacks those who are most
predisposed to engender any malady, it is not unreasonable
to infer, that of those to whom it has proved mortal, many
would have lied within the same period bad cholera not
attacked them.

It will hardly be credited that at this moment,
in the fist commercial city in the world, a merchant of
the first eminence is unable to raise money upon silver
bullion. He. in common with many others, had pre-
pared for large shipments of silver to Hamburg and Am-
sterdam, but has suspended them on finding that London
is declared an infected port. He will ant, nor will any
prudent merchant, incur the risk of loss in so portable
and valuahle an article of commerce while the vessel which
carries it is performing quarantine. The silver, conse-
quently, remains at home, and wishing, until a better
opening presents itself, not to let his capital lie idle, lie
has applied to the Bank of England for a I Jan on the
deposit of his bullion, which has been refused.— Times.

It is believed by many medical men of skill
and experience, that in numerous instances the typhus
fever, which has been prevalent for some months past in
various parts of the country, has been mistaken for the
Asiatic cholera. The former malignant disease has been
common in close neighbourhoods and other unhealthy si-
-tuations annually, but having been unnoticed by official
medical reports it passed off without exciting any public
alarm. If the fact could be ascertained, it would probably
appear that there is no extraordinary increase of typhus
fever compared with former periods, and that it has often
been reported as c laden, because particular stages of both
complaints so closely resemble each other, that it unavoid-
ably leads to mistakes and error among the medical fra-
ternity. The total number of cases reported last night
(Thursday evening) in the suburbs of the metropolis, was
28, and deaths 12 ; and when we consider the extent of
the circle where the cases have occurred, they will not ap-
pear to be more than there have been on ordinary occa-
sions in unhealthy seasons in the same districts.—Morning
Advertiser.

MAYEABEER'S so long-announced opera of
Robert le Diable, at Drury-lane Theatre, is now fast pro-
gressing towards completion, and will positively be pro-
duced on Tuesday next, the 21st instant. To accomplish
this intention of the management not less, it is said, than
sixty additional tailors and dress-makers are engaged on
the wardrobe, with nearly as many extra carpenters for
the scenery and machinery. To give full effect to its re-
presentarion, upwards of 120 persons have been added to
the dramatis personce, in dancers, chorus singe's, and
Lords and Ladies in attendance, &e. ; besides whit+, :hat
the orchestra should not be less efficient than tl e• stage
department, an organ, at an estimated expense of ;,001., is
now erecting. From these items some idea may he formed
of the enormous charge attendant on the t,roduction
of this opera, whose success, it is hoped, aid eempensate
so liberal;an outlay.
MILITARY ORDERS.—Orders have been
issued by the Commanding Officers of the three regiments
of Foot Guards, in consequence of the appearance of the
cholera morbus at the East end of the town and in the
Borough, that none of the men belonging to the regiments
should pass any of the bridges, and by no means to go on
the Surrey side of the water. All the privates who are
quartered o❑ the Surrey side, or living in lodgings, have
received orders to remove to the Middlesex side. The
greatest precautions are taken in the different barracks at
Portman-street, Knightsbridge, King's-mews, &c., to
prevent the spread of the cholera morbus, should
that dreadful malady break out amongst the soldiers. All
the troops have had flannel shirts and belts served out to
them, the barrack-rooms are all well ventilated, and the
greatest attention is paid to cleanliness. Some portion of
the troops, it is said, will be ordered out of London.

There is one point relative to the cholera,
which seems to puzzle the contagionists. The disease is
Indian, where it has long been indigenous. We of this
country, and especially of this metropolis, are in constant
intercourse with India, ships from whence are arriving in
numbers almost every week ; yet, though Lasears on board
some of these vessels have been known to die of Asiatic
cholera between Madeira and England, no instance of the
disease having been thus imported has been known to occur.

An inquest was held on Wednesday by Mr.
WHATILEY,OII the body of a female named OSBORNI, who
drowned herself on the Monday night preceding, in the
river Rea, between Deritend-bridge and the Floodgates. It
appeared in evidence that the deceased, who was a married
woman, bad recently left her husband, a shoemaker resi-
ding at Windsor, in company with a young tuan, with
whom she proceeded to Birmingham, and finding that he
was about to desert her, she in a fit of despair took that
mode of putting a period to her existence. The Jury re-
turned st verdict accordingly,-- Wolverhampton Chronicle,

The Count —, during his stay in Paris,
had a severe fit of the gout, yet he thought it
due to his rank and fortune, that he should have
in his retinue a nymph of Terpsichore : he con-
sequently sent a present of diamonds, to the
value of twenty thousand francs, to one of the
prettiest members of the Corps de Ballet. A
golden key will open almost every door, as a
diamond wilt overcome every difficulty with the
same ease that it will cut glass, and the gouty
Count found favour in the lady's sight ; at all
events his present of jewels was irresistible, but
a taste for diamonds does not extinguish love
for other objects, and as the heart of our opera
dancer was devoted to another, the Count soon
discovered that he had a rival. The Count,
being a strict observer of contracts, thought it
proper to be jealous, and as the Russian ladies
most amicably submit to occasional corporal
chastisement, he thought that the best means of
securing the attachment of the pretty opera dancer
would be to inflict a sentimental punishment
upon her :—it is to be remembered that at this
time he was confined with a fit of the gout,
which prevented him from setting a foot to the
ground. He sent an invitation to the fair lady,
and gave the most positive orders to his servant
not to admit any person after her arrival, adding
that, let what would happen, or whatsoever
noise be heard, he strictly forbade that any of his
domestics should open the door of his chamber.
The opera dancer had pictured to herself
some new presents, and hastened to attend the
Count, who she found stretched on a sofa. On
tier approach he drew from under the sofii a
whip, with which he was preparing to give his
faithless fair one a specimen of Russian gallantry.
—Revenge is sometimes sweet, but to indulge
in that for which the Count had prepared, it
were as well not to have a fit of the gout, and
the opera dancer very quickly made the poor
Count sensible of this—she wrestled herself from
the Count's grasp, and snatching the whip from
his hands she bestowed on him, with an un-
bounded liberality, the complaisance which he
had intended for her ;—it was, perhaps, the first
time in her life that she had made any return
for kindness received, and she indulged herself
to her heart's content.

The Count cried aloud, but she applied the
whip with increased vigour; in vain did he call
his servants; they dared not come to his assist-
ance ; the orders which they had received were
positive, and they were fearful of disobeying,
besides which the loud laughter of the opera
dancer convinced them, that the thrashing she
was bestowing on their master was given in no
other than a friendly manner. " A pleasant
pastime," saiel they, " but our Nobles have a
singular taste in these matters, and who knows
but that the Count and the opera dancer are
acting a scene in some comedy or farce." At
length the light-footed nymph opened the door,
and commended the Count to the care of his
astonished servants. She carried away with her
the weapon which she had so effectually used:
but too proud to retain any thing that belonged
to a lover unworthy of her regard, she the next
day returned the Count his whip.—Parrot.

EXPERIMENTS on the CHANGE of the WIND.
AS INDICATED BY BALLOONS, WITH A VIEW TO THE

IMPROVESIENTS OF NAUTICAL SCIENCE.

Dr. Forster, of Boreham, has at length com-
pleted a series of observations and experiments
on the nature and changes of the wind, which he
thinks may lead to results of considerable im-
portance to mariners, and become the means of
extending nautical science, and of adding to the
security of ships at sea.
By a long series of experiments made with
small air-balloons he has found that the upper
currents of air, which cross each other in various
directions in more elevated regions of the atmos-
phere, usually come down, and blow next to the
surface of the earth and the waters, in the same
order of successio❑ in which they have pre-
viously blown aloft. He thinks, likewise, that
the currents of wind which he has encountered
in his numerous journeys over mountains, in the
pursuit of meteorological phenomena, have been
explained on similar principles to those which
blow over the sea ; and that the Alpine gales
which cross the mountain's top in the Swiss and
Savoyard Alps descend and sweep the vallies
within the space of thirty hours.
These experiments were begun so long ago as
the year 1811 ; and after fifty or more experi-
ments with small balloons, and nearly double
that number with large kites, tied one above
another, so as to ascend to great heights, he has
deduced the result not only that upper currents
descend to the earth, but also that gales of wiml
are usually eircumvolvent, like whirlwinds ofgreat
extent, and do not, as has been hitherto sup-
posed, blow in straight lines.
Dr. Forster has likewise made the important
remark, that during his last aerial voyage in a
very large balloon, filled with inflammable air,
he moved in a circuitous or gyrating course, the
periphery of which diminished, or, in other
words, the curvature increased as the balloon
ascended, and that in proportion as the spiral
approached its vertex, at the elevation of above
six thousand feet, the motion was slower. This
circumstance is exceedingly curious, being the
reverse of the mechanical law, according to which
equal areas are described in equal times by re-
volving bodies, and it tends, therefore, to prove
that the causes of wind are not mechanical but
electrical.

The practical application, however, of these
observations is of the most importance ; for if it
can be clearly shown that wind changes first
above, and that upper currents subsequently de-
scend, small balloons may be converted into
very useful instruments for ascertaining the com-
ing weather ; and if kept on board ships migh t
serve for the purpose of indicating the ap-
proaching changes, which would be of service
at times to vessels at sea in variable wea-
ther. Balloons, too, might be kept at the
sea ports, and launched to ascertain the
direction of the ensuing gales before the
sailing of ships. This subject seems very spe-
culative at present, but Dr. Forster is about to
repeat his experiment, and perhaps the hint which
we have thrown out in this article may encourage
similar enterprise in other parts of this country
and of Europe, and may in the event lead to

'TIE HAGUE, FEB. 13.—1 n the sitting of the
Second Chambor of the States-General to-day, a
new project of law on the Excise or Tariff was
brought in. The Committee of Petitions made a
report in this sitting.
Three new gun-boats were launched at the Royal
Duck-yard, at Amsterdan, on the 10th inst.
A Petersburgh Journal of February I, contains
the following article:—" In the night of the 30th
January, the Emperor's Aide-de-Camp, General
Count Orloff, set out from this city for the Hague,
wih a special mission to his Majesty the King of
the Netherlands. At a moment when the im-
portant affairs connected with the affairs of Belgium
approach their solution, this mission will tend to
convince Europe of the honourable principles and
pacific intentions of his Majesty the Emperor, and
of his lively and unalterable solicitude for the main-
tenance of the general peace."
FRONTIERS OF AUSTRIA, JAN. 29.—We learn
that General Skrzynecki, of whom nothing has been
heard since the fall of Warsaw, is now living, under
another name, at Lintz, in Austria, and highly
praises the kind and hospitable treatment he ex-
periences both from individuals and the Government.
thvernicki is at Lemberg. Besides a great number of
privates, there are 1,100 Polish officers of Gallicia,
who are treated with all the regard that is due to
their misfortunes. It is possible they may remain
in Austria, as the French Legations refuse them
passports for France, and they have declined the
amnesty of the Emperor of Russia, chiefly because
it is required as a condition that every officer shall
give a declaration in writing, in which it is said there
is an acknowledgement that they are rebels.
Bois-LE-Duc, FEB. I3.—Besides the camp at
Ryen, it is said there is to be another at Eindhoven,
and that the head-quarters will be again transferred
to Breda. Other accounts, however, say there is
nothing determined either with respect to the two
camps, or to the removing of the headquarters...

AMSTERDAM, FEB. 14,

Actual Debt, '4l per cent 394 to 393,
Amort Syndic, 414 per cent ......
Ditto, ditto, 314 per cent.
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent.. . - 915 to 913'

pei
Exchange upon London, one month
Two Months
11 82 5-10 11 SO
—Dutch Papers, Feb. 15.

THE CHOLERA, BY THETA.

(From the Times.)

I submit a few facts to the attention of those of
your readers whose common sense the alarmists have
not succeeded in wholly dissipa,ing. First, we are
called upon to remark, as a new thing, the dreadful
' cramps and violent convulsions which are exhibited
in some cases of existing cholera; indeed, many me-
dical men, and our Cabinet Ministers, use the terms
" spasmodic cholera," and " the new Asiatic cho-
lera," as synonymous. Now let the reader turn to
the article " Medicine," in the Encyclopedia Bri-
tannia, and under the head of " Cholera," that is
common English cholera, he will find the followinj
words :—" Sometimes the patients fall into universal
conrul.:ions ; and sometimes they are affected with
violent spasms in different parts of the body. There
is a great thirst, a small unequal pulse, celd sweats,
fainting, coldness of the extremities, hiccough ; and
death frequently ensues in 24 hours." Next in
order we are told to observe " the rice-coloured
evacuations;" and here indeed lam astonished. I
am a plain man, and pretend to no more science
than my neighbours, yet I have learned that the
chyle has originally the appearance of a milky
fluid, and that the change it afterwards under-
goes in a healthy subject is occasioned by
the colouring matter of the bile; so that
every disorder which stops that and other secretions
causes the evacuations to retain a resemblance to
chyle, or to appear of a rice colour. This symptom
is therefore by no means peculiar to cholera, while
it is confessedly not even an invariable attendant
upon that disease. Referring to the same authority
I have a'ready quoted, you will find that one of the
symptoms of diarrhoea stercorosa et vulgaris is, that
" what is discharged has not the appearance of ex-
crements, but is much whiter and of a thinner con-
sistence." The third new system is said to be
blueness of the skin. On this point I have first to
remark, that the decidedly blue eases are admitted
on all hands both at Sunderland and Warsaw, to
have been rare; and, secondly, I may refer you to
the cases of English cholera related by Mr. Thack-
rah, of Leeds, in which the same blueness prevailed.
One of these cases is the following :—" In Sept.
182.5, a debilitated and ailing female, attended by
Mr. Corsellis, was seized at three a. m. with vo-
miting and purging ; most distressing cramps speedily
ensued; the surface became cold, the countenance
sunk, and, to use the phrase of the woman who at-
tended her, " was all blue as violet." Her stools
were colourless. Site died about eight in the
evening, seventeen hours from the commencement
of the urgent symptoms. On laying out the body,
the women particularly marked its blue-black mottled
appearance. Having now proved that violent
spasms, rice-coloured evacuations, and blueness of
skin, are all among the symptoms of English cholera,
I leave the Board of Health to determine wherein
the new disease differs from the old. I repeat the
assertion, that there is no just cause for alarm. In
1669,it is true,the ravages of cholera, as described by
Sydenham, were as extensive in this country as they
have lately been in India. But let it be remembered,
that since that period a great improvement has taken
streets
thetole)
raenuec
ibeefiai
ulesit ntd%
,houv.yfitml hlthrehlipoorh%os,seeaefevebl
prevail
Ismto2thesoores,fe,aas
a‘tst
greater
eevi d
titpn titi eleoeGrn
bpo eleexl
carpets, ;
valueete:
le:1%
ot'mneftotphrhihtai aafttevnhweehtiahat neither
dide,
bin narrowteeahp:
e
c
n
e
"to fright the isle from its propriety." 11r.
Thrackrsh, who deservedly stands very high in the
profession, informs us that in August and Septem-
ber that year, 89 cases of the disease occurred in his
own practice. He observes that " sometimes the
disorder was neither great nor sudden, but in many
cases the disease was most severe. In some, the
attack was sudden and urgent : the harvest man was
seized in the field with a great sense of debility, the
bowels were relaxed, vomiting succeeded, the coun-
tenance sunk, the extremities became cold, cramps
seized the limbs, extended with violence to the
trunk; the pulse declined, and he was a corpse the
2d or 3d day." I have but a word more to add
it is, that the publication of official and daily reports
of any fatal disease is of itself sufficient to create an
alarm of pestilence.
I trust a public meeting will be immediately called,
to petition Parliament to institute an inquiry, and,
that done, I have no fear for the result.
February 15.

We believe that the state of trade both hi
Liverpool and throughout the kingdom, has become much
better during the last month. The demand for cotton for
several weeks has been very good, and a considerable ad-
vance has taken place in prices. The demand continues
to be brisk and steady, and the stocks are getting unusnally
low.---Lireepoo/ Tres.

Viscount LORTON presented a petition horn the Pro-
testant clergy and inhabitants of a parish in the county of
Westmeath against the new system of education.
The Contagious Disease of Ireland Bill was read a
third time and passed.
Lord CLONCURRY presented a petition from an in-
dividull, one of the Society of Friends in Ireland, againbt
negro slavery.
Mr. BERNAL, and others from the Commons, hrou,:lit
up the Cholera Prevention Bill, the Exchequer Bills Bill
for 1831, the Consolidated Fund Bill, and some private
Bills, which were read a first time, on the motiod of the
Earl of SHAFTESBURY,

The Matquis of LANSDOWNE moved the first read.
log of the Cholera Prevention Bill, and at the same time
gave notice that to-morrow he would move the sus-
pension of some of the standing orders, in order to faci-
litate the pausing of this Bill.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH was of opinion that this BPI
ought to have been brought in long ago, and not have
been obliged to be hurried through the House now, when
the cholera was at our very doors. The attention of
their Lordships had been called to the subject that the
Privy Council had not sufficient power in-a case of such
importance. The Bill ought to have been brought for-
ward at an earlier period, when it could have received
more of their Lordships' attention.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said, that there had
been a great deal of consideration on what were thr
powers of the Privy Council, as these powers had on
many occasions been extended beyond their proper
limits, but not illegally, for the parties were nut
bound to obey.
