in fact, their intention was entirely differenf.
tl at cede the overseer was allowed, in the absent,
of the master, to ibflict 15 lashes; and the master,
lis good pleasure, might inflict 39. That code did nu
say a word against the flogging of females—not a woe,
about compulsory manumission. If he wished for a reed!.
to create insurrection among the slaves, it would be to
induce them not to expect emancipation from the Legis
lature, hut to look for it to the local governments alom
for then their situation would be hopeless. He was Oa'
that the attempt to subjugate St. Domingo had failed
because, though less sugar was produced there than fur
merly, it possessed a population no longer cursed with the
badge of slavery, and therefore was blessed with conten•
and happiness. Having been a member of the West hill.
Committee in 1806, and having attentively considered tb.
subject ever since, he was more and more convinced tint
slavery was incompatible with the prosperity of the co
lonics. He was also quite certain that colonial property
ttet,ci• produce a profitable return while it was com-
avith absenteeism.

Lord G. BENTINCK defended Mr. Canning from the
charge which had been made against him by an Hon. and
Learned Gentleman, of having sacrificed his private feel-
ings to political motives ; and, in proof of the purity of
his illustrious relative's principles, he referred to his con-
duct on the Catholic question. He denied that Mr. Can-
ning had ever attempted to holster up his broken fortunes
by a sacrifice of his principles. He was too high-minded
to adopt such a course. He should support the motion as
amended by the Noble Lord.
Mr. BURGE condemned the conduct of Government
in leaving the protection of the colonies to Members of
that House, instead of attending to their int•rests them-
selves. He dissented, entirely dissented, from the views of
those who were so eager for immediate abolition ; and it;
by a vote of the House that night, they could command
the instant emancipation of the slaves, the consequence he
was certain would be, that the colonies would pre.ent one
scene of distraction and desolation. In 1823, the Noble
Lord (Althorp) had not such scruples with respect to
granting compensation to the planters, as he now appeared
to feel. In a speech which he made at that time, he fully
recognized their claim to compensation. He admitted
there had been a decrease in the negro population, but the
Creole population had increased. In calculating the de-
crease of the negro population, the effect of manumission
and contagious disorders ought to be taken into account.
But the Noble Lord had stated the simple fact of a de—
crease in the slave population without allowing for these
causes. He must complain that the Noble Lord had acted
like a partisan in this question, instead of adopting the im-
partial conduct which became a Minister of the Crown.
Government was charged with the protection of the co-
lonies, and ought honestly and boldly to fulfil its high
trust, and not delegate the management of an important
and most delicate question to a party. However, if Mi-
nisters were determined to complete the destruction of the
colonies by this night's vote, with them let the responsi-
bility rest.

Mr. WARBURTON supported the motion of the Hon
Member for Weymouth, as the safest because the speediest
measure.

Sir F. BURDETT would be happy to see an agreement
between his Hon. Friend and the Noble Lord on the sub-
ject of motions which were so similar in their nature as
scarcely to justify a difference of opinion. No doubt the
object of the Committee, in which ever way appointed,
would be to effect that change so generally desired in the
condition of the slave as consistently with the interests of
the master as possible. He trusted his Hon. Friend would
accede to the Noble Lord's motion.

Mr. Sergeant WILDE supported the motion of the
Hon. Member for Weymouth in preference to the amend-
ment, which mixed up two things together which ought
not to be united—emancipation and compensation. Their
first duty, on the plain principle of justice, was to give
liberty to the slave ; they could afterwards consider the
compensation due to the master on the same principles;
but they ought not to delay emancipation by referring it
to the Committee to decide on the question of compensa-
tion, from which, however, in its proper place and order,
he was by no means averse.

Sir R. PRICE entreated the Hon. Member for Wey-
mouth to accede to the Noble Lord's amendment, and not
sow disunion between the supporters of this great cause by
pressing the original motion.
Colonel SIBTHORPE expressed himself as decidedly
hostile to an immediate or premature emancipation of the
slave population in the colonies.
Mr. F. BUXTON briefly replied. He contended that
to the resolutions of May, 1823, which had been so much
and so warmly eulogized by several Hon. Members, was to
be attributed the true cause of the delay which had been
experienced in the emancipation of the slaves in the British
colonies; and though he had heard for some length of
time much said both by Noble Lords and Hon. Gentlemen
in favour of compensation or remuneration to the planters,
yet he had not heard a sentence escape their lips on the
condition of those who were suffering under thousands of
lashes, and were the victims of a rapid death. He con.
citified in what had fallen from the Noble Lord (Althorp),
that there ought to be two resolutions instead of one for
the decision of the House, and he was therefore willing to
add to his motion—" That the Committee should con-
sider and report upon the best means by which, without
prejudice or delay to the emancipation of the slave popula-
tion, relief could be afforded to the West India planters."
He would meet the Noble Lord thus far, though at the same
time he would rather have preserved his original motion.
Lord ALTHORP could not see how it was possible
that the addition of the words he had proposed could pro-
duce that delay which had been urged by several Hon.
Members as a reason against their adoption by the House.
The question could not be disposed of until the Committee
sought now to be appointed had made its report, and con-
sequently no delay was occasioned. The proposition now
made by the Hon. Member for Weymouth was also so
very different from his original motion, and so many Mem-
bers had now left the House, that he (Lord Althorp)
could not give his consent to the proposition.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the
House divided, when there appeared--
For Lord Althorp's amendment
For the original 'notion
Majority 73
On our re-admission into the gallery, we found the
SPEAKER reading the names of the Committee to the
House, when—
Lord ALTHORP again rose, and said, that although a
division had taken place upon the wording of the motion
yet it appeared to him that the appointment of a Corn-,
mittee on so important a question was a matter of such
paramount importance, that time ought to be taken for
the consideration of what Hon. Members should be named
upon that Committee.

Mr. F. BUXTON concurred entirely in the proposition
of the Noble Lord.
The appointment of the Committee was accordingly
deferred.
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of,
and the House adjourned at Half-past Two o'clock.

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING. MAY 25, 1832.

The Duke of NEWCASTLE postponed his in-
tended motion last night in the House of Lords,
and stated that, when he brought it forward, it
would have particular reference to the subject of
an undue creation of Peers. NS ere his Grace
to let the motion drop altogether, he would be
acting a far wiser part than at present ; for it is
one of those motions from which no possible
good can arise, but which may be the means of
keeping alive the embers of party spirit, and still
further lowering the character of the House of
Lords in the opinion of the nation. After some
desultory conversation on a variety of Anti-
slavery petitions, which were presented by the
LORD CHANCELLOR and Lord SUFFIELD,
the House resumed the consideration of the Re-
form Bill in Committee, and made some pro-
press with the measure ; notwithstanding that
Lords WYNFO RD and WHA RNCLIFFE attempted
to check its course, by proposing each a useless
and vexatious amendment, which met the fate it
merited.

Mr. FOWELL BUXTON last night brought
forward his motion respecting the abolition of
slavery in the West Indies, and lost it by a
majority of seventy-three, because he refused
to accede to the very reasonable proposition of
Lord ALTHORP, that the steps taken towards the
final abolition of slavery be consistent with the
interest of the West India proprietors. We are
decidedly of opinion that, however desirable it is
to abolish slavery in the West Indies, it cannot
be done at once—but gradually ; and in doing
justice to the slaves, care should be taken not to
do injustice to the planters.

That eternal subject—education in Ireland,
again formed the topic of discussion in the Lords
last night, when three Anti-Reforming Peers,
such as my Lords RODEN and WINCHILSEA
and the Bishop of EXETER, as usual, took the
opportunity of venting their spleen against
Government. From the way in which these
Noble Lords speak, one would suppose that all
the learning and all the property of the country
(in the words of the Duke of WELLINGTON)
are also against the Bill. The Anti-Reformers
may exclaim as they please against its unchristian,
unprotestant, and popish tendency, but will the
country believe them ? Will the judging and
truly religious, we do not say bigoted, part of
the community, shut their eyes to the truth,
and not appreciate the motives of the great majority
of those who have for the last six weeks been
moving heaven and earth to raise the cry of
"No Popery ?" That uncharitable, selfish,
and bigotted feeling is now approaching
its close, and will never again rise in a
land illuminated by the rays of truth, and
blest with the true spirit of Christianity. The
every thing to enlist Scot-
party have been doing
land on their side, but happily without effect. In
some places Presbyteries have come to resolu-
tions unfavourable to the plan ; but do these
Presbyteries speak the sentiments of the great
body of religious and thinking men ? The
facts adduced by the Marquess of LANSDOWNE
and the Earl of MINT() last night show the
reverse. If there are two towns in the world
abounding more than any others with pious and
religious men, they are Edinburgh and Glasgow ;
yet at both these places the attempts of the
Anti-Reforming party, at two great meetings
held on the subject, have been put down by im-
mense majorities. In the south too the feeling
was so strong that the party declined bringing for-
ward the subject in the Synod, from a fear
of certain defeat ; and should the question be
mooted in the General Assembly, we trust
that the enlightened, conscientious, and impar-
tial part of the members, forgetting party anti
politics, will convince the world that, however
they may stand forward in defence of the true
Protestant principle, they. never will lend them-
selves to obstruct one of the surest means of
promoting true religion, namely, education.
The majority of that Assembly have for a long
period been more favourable to Tory than
Whig principles, but their past conduct, as well
as their high moral character, assures us that
party feelings never will allow them to forget
justice anti truth. Catholic emancipation was a
Whig question, yet to the honour of that As-
sembly, so strongly imbued with a hatred of
popery, they passed a resolution in favour
of the measure. Still more are they bound
to lend their countenance to a plan which
brings the children of two sects in contact
with each other—a measure which is calculated
more than anything else to rub off foolish and
bigoted prejudices, to cherish friendship in

youth not forgotten in after-life, and above all,
to give Protestantism a fair opportunity 0.
having its merits weighed in the balance witl
Catholicism. What but religious prejudices
has caused rivers of blood to flow iii that un-
happy country ; what a responsibility these
men take on themselves, who, for part\
prejudices, under the cloak of religion take
the most likely method or confirming these
prejudices ! Were the Government plan once
to become general throughout Ireland, the peace
of that country would be secured. Attachments
formed in youth are not forgotten in manhood
and those children who have read in the saint
class, who joined in the same sports, and who
learned lessons of morality from the same master,
would not, when men, imbrue their hands in
each other's blood.

The French Papers of Wednesday, and the
evening Papers, dated Thursday, have been re-
ceived by express. Their contents are not of any
particular interest on this side the Channel. It
appears that tranquillity is completely restored in
the south of France, so that the visit of the
Duchess de BERRY has only tended to sink
the hopes of the fallen dynasty, if that were
possible, lower than ever. The vessel in which
the Duchess was has arrived at Toulon,from Cor-
sica, and the lady about which so much mystery
existed, turns out to have been an attendant on
the Princess, who, in order to avoid beinr, cap-
tured, actually landed in France, and made her
escape to Nice.

The projected marriage between King LEO-
POLD and the Princess LouisE, is expected to
take place very shortly.
FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, MAY 23.—Five per Cents., opened
at 96f. 80c., closed at 96t: 80c. ; Three per Cents., opened at 691.
85c., closed at 70f. ; National Loan, 97f. 10c. ; Bank Actions,
1,6t2f. 50c. 1,685 E; Rente de Naples, 81f. 40c. ; Rente de l'Etat
Remain, 83 ; Rents d'Es_pagne, 58% %; Royal Spanish Loan,
79; Rente Perpetuelle d'Espagne, 58% ; Belgian Certificates,
; Haytian Loan, 2150 Exchange on London, one month,
paper, 25f. 6.3 c. ' • money, 25f. 70c.: three months, paper, 251. 55c.;
money, 25f. 50c.

Dutch, German, and St. Petersburg Papers, of
recent dates, have been received, but they con-
tain no intelligence of any importance. The
Prussian officers who had been on furlough
have received orders to join their Regiments on
the Rhine—and some accounts state that two Prus-
sian corps are to be immediately assembled in
the western part of the Prussian provinces on
the Rhine, extending to the Belgian frontiers.
We suspect that the late happy change in the
fortune of the English Reform Bill will check
these demonstrations. The Dutch are as savage
at the Duke of WELLINGTON'S defeat as the
Belgians are delighted :

AMSTERDAM, MAY 22.
Actual Debt, 234 per cent 43 to 43,,2
Amort Syndic, 434 per cent ...... . .....
Ditto, ditto, 3!.(, per cent.
Voluntary Loan, 1831, 6 per cent 96 to 973
Exchange on London, one month ...12 12 5-10 o 12 JO
Two months . 12 07 5-10
—Dutch Papers, May 23.
VIENNA, MAY 14.—Five per cents, 88 1.5; Foufper cents,
774 ; Bank Shares, I,ls234.—Allgemeine Zeitung, May 19.

We are informed on good authority that Admiral
BEAUCLERK proceeds to take the commend of
our ships off the Tagus, and that Lord WIL-
LIAM RUSSELL goes out with him, in order to
enter upon a negotiation immediately, to settle
the differences between Don MIGUEL and his
brother Don PEDRO.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY).

CORN EXCHANGE.

The arrivals of all kinds of Grain this week are tolerably
good, and there is also a fair return of Flour. The Wheat
trade may be reported dull, but Monday's prices are fully sup-
ported for superfine parcels. Barley,: Beans, and Peas un-
altered. The Oat trade is heavy, but prices cannot be noted
any lower. The Flour trade remains dull.

ARRIVALS.
Wheat. I Barley.
English
Irish
Foreign .....

Oats. I Flour.
4,615 qrs. 9,294 sacks.
14,796 I -
- - brls.

800

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET SECOND SPRING MEETING.
THURSDAY'S RACES.
Match, 100, h. ft. Ab. M.—Lord Verulam's Vestris beat Lord
Wilton's Bras de Fer.
Match between Mr. Thornhill's Farce and Colonel Peel's
Young Rapid, off.
Match, 50, h. ft. T.Y.C.—Lord Exeter's c. by Sultan, beat Sir
J. Graham's Will Scarlet.
Sweepstakes of 25 sovs each, for colts and fillies. T.Y.C,
Colonel Peel's Young Rapid
1
Sir M. Wood's b. c. by Camel
Lord Lowther's St. Julian 3
Mr. Vansittart's Rubini beat Colonel Peel's Lochinvar T.Y.C.
100, h. ft.

Sweepstakes of 10 sous. each. T.Y.C.
Mr. Wagstaff's Landrail, 5 yrs
Lord Burlington's c. by Godolphin, 5 yrs 4l
Lord Clarendon's ch. f. by Reveller, 3 yrs
Mr Shard's May Fly, 3 yrs
4
Sir S. Graham's Little Fanny received forfeit from Lord Exeter's
Hwmus. First half of Ab. M. 100 h. ft.
Fifty Pounds. T.M.M. The winner to be sold for 200 gs.
Lord Berner's Whiskey, 4 yrs 1
Mr. Prince's Amphictyon, 4 yrs 2
The Jockey Club Plate of 501., the property of the Members. B.C.
Sir M. Wood's Lucetta, 6 yrs 1
Duke of Grafton's Oxygen, 4 yrs

STAFFORD RACES.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 23.—Publicans' Plate of 50 sovs. Heats,
twice round and a distance.
Mr. Thorne's Harry, 5 yrs
