SIR AL\X',VELL'S commlnii,Es.

Yesterday a numerous assemblage of the
FRIEN6S Sir 'M. NiAxwitt.t..dined together e;
WILLIS'S Rooms. The principal object of the
Meeting was to excite the individuals Whn•at-
tended tr., immediate personal exertion it► bring-
ing forward their friends to the poll. The grand
dining-room was nearly filled with the n►ost re-
spectable company, including great numbers of
tl►e in ost Wealthy, loyal, and independent Electors
of IVesttninster.

After an excellent dinner, Non Nobis Dom ink
was sling in fine style by Messrs. Taylor, Tinny,
Pyne, &c. and the health of the King (in silence);
the Queen, and the Plince Regent, were drank
with 11:e usual testimonies of respect.

Lilts, the Chairmait, filet) gave—

" The llouse7of Brunswick, anti may they never forget the
principles that placed them on the Throne."—(Enthusiastic
applause.)
After the usual toasts of " the Duke of York
and the Army," and the " Duke of Clarence and
the Navy," the Chairman proposed—
" The Electors of Westminster, and may their wisdom in
the selection of a ItepresentatiVe set an example to the latest
po,teuity."—l'his was drank With the utmost degree of
At this moment, the Election flag was dkplay-
ed trout the gallery lust ovr)- the chair, surmount-
ed wi!h orange colours, with the inscription of
" Church, King, and Constitution," in letters of
gold. Lnignage is inadecluate to describe the
cheerings which teSounded through the assem-
blage. These ,t,rratnlations wet e continued fol.
some minutes, and echoed from the streets.

Mr. ELLis then rose to propose the health of
Sir Murray Maxwell, aWLAin a most excellent
speech set forth the professional merits and tide=7
pendent character Of that excellent and-
Gentletnan. However highly the company might
estimate the conduct of that gallant Officer, it was
not for himself, but fat' the general ca6se, that theY
were induced to support him. The contest in which
we were involved was one of the greatest morhent
to all the Electors ; and it derived additional im:-
portance from the City containing the Seats of
Justice and of the Senate of the Country. 'fine
eyes of the whole kingdom were therefore fixed on
the Electors of Westminster, and not, Only of the
whole kingdom, but of all Europe.—(Loud
applause.)—The present contest was one of all the
crimes that were known to human twine against
all the virtues—of general liberty against national
,slavcry.—(Shouts of applause.)—The gallant Offi-
cer, whom the present Meeting would succeed in
placing at the head of the poll, was most ardently de-
voted to the constitutional liberty of the country.—
, (Loud applause.)—He was not a friend of Annual
Parliaments or Universal Salrage.—(Laughter.)
—lie then entered into an admirable historical
comparison of ancient and modern political prin-
ciples, comparing our present Constitution to the
invulnerable architecture of the ancients, and the

of the modern Reformers to the slim and

fragile erections of the hustings. Lie then re-
verted to the character of Sir Murray Maxwell,
which he pronounced to be ,above all eulogy :
there was not a man amongst all his political op-
ponents, who, if he knew any thing of him, did
not love hint and respect him. lie was one of
those quiet characters who could not resort
to theatrical parade and declamation, in order
to make an impression for political purposes.—
(Loud applause.)—He was a man full of sim-
plicity in his manners, of singleness in his heart,
and soundness in his judment. The Electors of
Westminster were reproached for having brought
that man forward ; but lie was a man against
whom the most virulent of his opposers could not
find a single faith. lie had, indeed, been ill-used
and insulted, but it was not the feeling of the po-
pulace that had caused the outrage ; it was the
consequence of a few individuals using the power
of speaking and inflaming t'he minds of those who
would not take the trouble to think—inflatning
them for the most detestable of purposes. They
vhto said the friends of Sir Murray Maxwell called
the people who assembled in the front of the hust-
ings a rabble outraged and libeled them, anti
the Committees might appe,l to Heaven to ex-
cuse them for their outrages, by saying in the
words of the Scripture, " Father, they know not
what they do !" The independent Electors
ought only to feel contempt f.,r those who
play on the feelings of the populace. Ile then
proceeded to pass a just and animated enlogium
nn the character of Sir M. Maxwell, and earnestly
invited the company to make individual exertion
daily and hourly, in order that, by placing Sir
Mut ray Maxwell at the head of the poll, the na-
tional character might be rescued from the odium
tinder altich it had laboured. The present con-
test • for Westminster had exhibited principles
which had nothing to do with the Constitution.

We had attained the present enviable height of

our civil and political liberties by avoiding a civil
war, and it was the interest and duty of every
independent individual to prevent the recurrence
of such a calamity, by preserving the barriers of
the Constitution against the assaults of -a mis-
led and infuriate populace—to behave like
the men who defended the pass of Thermopylw—
few words but strong actions.—(Loud applause )
lie then proceeded to descant on the indepen-
dent character of Sir M. INTaxwell. l--le had been
reviled as the Treasury Candidate ; but he would
take upon himself to say for his friend, that
there never was a Candidate who had less trea-
sures at his command.—(Applause.)—lle gave an
animated picture of the c, nfusion, anarchy, and

desolation which would ensue from a mobocratic

Government, and exhorted the company to return
Sit' Murray Maxwell, as a man who would do his
utmost to prevent the ascendancy of a few despots,
whose only object was to reduce the people to the
most abject slavery. He did not believe that the
people were against them ; he would say, in the
spirit of the Founder of our Religion, they
knew not what they did. They were acted
upon by speakers who were their worst ene-
mies. Of his Gallant Friend, now on the bed
of sickness, he could only say, that kindness
was the law of his heart ; that he abhorred
all constraint, and that, should they return him
to Parliament, his first object would be to miti-
gate the sufferings of the class of wen be belong-
ed to. It was not the character of himself-and
his gallant friend to throw odium on others.; but
he must say, that Government was no't a matter

of 7..peculat'ion, it was a rcircHimive science,
upon which they posses'sed facts to judge. Na-
tural history c'f!nild not enioy the light of experi-
ment too much ; but it was otherwise with Go-
ver►►ment. Oti ancestors had furnished a solid
clip, and Would they dissolve it in the crucible of
revolutionary woe ? He hoped for the influence
of their advice, and for no other influence. What,
indeed, would he tl►e effect of the delusions held
out to the populace ? They would have a set of
despots in that case ; and the cause of trite
freedom was never better represented than by Sir
NI. Maxwell, whose health he begged leave to
propose.
The heallt of Sir Murray Maxwell was then
drank with waving of handkerchiefs and huzzas
which lasted some tire.

Mr. WlLLocit. now gave the health of Mr.
Ellis, with three time three ; soon after,
Mr. al.'s rose, and returned thanks. What-
ever might be the events of his life, he hoped he
should long continue to deserve the frienthhip of
Sir M. Maxwell. If he had served his cause,
which was the came of his country, Le Sues satis-
fied with that prsise.
Mr. Taylor sung " The Lads of the Ocean;"
and these words were afterwards given by the
Chairman as a toast.

Captain thee, as one of the lads of the ocean,
took the liberty to Ilse, in consequence of the •
toast which had been given. He never had ad-
dressed 'a public meeting bur once before, and
then he Was not listened to: He Ivas not, how-
ever, on that occasion embarrassed, because the
subject on which he wis!sed to speak was one to
‘ehieli he had paid attention for many years. But
now, though he wished to call their attention to
the same subject, he was greatly embarrassed,.
Mint g tinder the necessity of addressing them after
the eloquent speech they had just hem!. The
Subject to which he meant to allude involved
grounds on which Sir M. Maxwell could fairly
rest his claim to represent this City in Parliament.
Ile should ItOI pretend•to state that his profession
of a Naval Officer gave his friend that claim.
There might be, lie was aware, both advantages
and disadvantages in the choice of a Naval Officer;
but there was one important consideration, name-
ly, that' the naval service was like the Constito-
tion itself, not altogether incapable of improve-
intent, and that Sir M. Maxwell was dispOsed to
exert himself to procure that improvement. Every
man whO valued liberty must feel regret at the ex-
istence of the practice of impressieg seamen,
though it could not be denied that it had been
al.r attended with numberless good effects, in fa-
cilitating the mantling of our Heets, and enabling
us w secure victory. But surely the determina-
lion of an individual to devote his time and. 'for-
tune to the reform of that system must he a good
recommendation to the Electors of lVestminster.
Now Sir Murray Maxwell had made a public de-
claration, that he will do his best to remove this
evil, and for that alone he deserved the suffiages
of the Electors of this great city. His object
was to encourage sailors to enter the Navy, by
treatiug them with gentleness and kindness, and in
time, perhaps, to do away with the necessity of
impressment. \Vonld they neglect the favonr-
able opportunity offered them, when an Officer
like Sir Murray Maxwell came before them,
and pledged himself to this line of conduct ?,
There were other soljects connected with the
'Navy, with respect to. which Sir M. Maxwell's
services in Parliament would be highly useful;
There were various items of expenditure connected
with the stores, provisions, &c. in the navy,
which none but an Officer in that service could
properly investigate. All these matters would be
strictly enquired into by Sir•M. Maxwell, when
he should have a seat in the House of Commons,
and the public in general, as well as the Electors
of Westminster, would therefore be benefitted by
his return.

A Gentleman suggested that each person pre-
sent should pledge himself to bring three voters
to the poll. This proposition was generally ap-
proved.
Mr. ELLts now proposed the healths of the
Gentlemen who had undertaken the office of sup-
porting Sir M. Maxwell. as Committee-men. lie
observed, that as a General was nothing without
his.soldiers, so neither was a Candidate of iniport-
ance it unassisted by a Committee. The Gen-
tlemen whi) supported Sir M. Maxwell were vo-
lunte.ers ; yet they sacrificed their time and com-
forts with a constancy that might put some regu-
lars to the blush ; and their Captain, he must
add, was worthy of them. , He believed that his
gallant friend was independent in the tritest sense,
for he neither feared the frowns nor courted the
smiles of Power, while lie disdained to deceive
the people by truckling to those who, professing
friendship, were the basest of enemie, to them.—
(Loud cheers.)—Such was the character of his
gallant friend; and if they wished for an honest
man, unpresuming in point of pretensi6ns, who
delighted to encounter the enemies of his coml.-
try on that element where only an Englishman
took root, and who scorned their deluders on
land, that man was unquestionably Sir Mort ay
Maxwell.

After a number of convivial songs, the com-
pany at a late hour separated. It was harmony
and glee. Nothing like acrimony wai seen all
was benevolence and hilarity.

We are concerned to find that a disposition to
riot was manifested at Dunfermline, upon Wed-
nesday evening, connected with the electioneer-
ing bustle, during which the windows of the inn
were broke, and some ,other windows. Some
Gentlemen were abused, but.the constables hav-
ing assembled, and secured, eleven of the rioters,
tranquillity was restored. A party of the Scots.
Greys, who were sent tor, and left Edinburgh on
Thursday evening, were stopped at North
Queensferry, where they still remain. Much
praise is due to Provost WILSON, I3ailics MaL•
DRUM and SCOTLAND, and the other Magistrates
and respectable inhabitants, whose firmness and
forbearance, with the aid of the civil power, pre-
vented the mischief which was threatened.---
(Edinburgh Courant, June 27)
Ott Monday night Wortley, the constable, np7
Prekmded a woman in the act of breaking into
the Treasury at Vauxhall-gardens.
