THE GREEKS.

From the' Corutitutiqzil.)

.. .
.
..Z,VNTE, A.GO. a.—Under. Ahicdate the,Gartsti4
]
luturqlei gives. an official account of lite ,defeat
of, the 'lurks by. the Greeks, on the 7:11,0f.J lily,
between Livadia and St. Luc, The. particulara..,of
these engagen)ents.havin, T already been ptkblished
r,
in our paper, we shall not. repeat. thetn, but give
a Proclaulation addressed by the . President
Maurotnichale, to the Peloponitesiuns-: ,
" In 3 former Proclamation, addressed to the PaPvileni:4.3
(the -Greeks.- in general), the- Government infOrmed the Na.:.
elan of the great preparations making by the timely, of their
intention again to invade, our country, and the consequent
danger with . which it was threatened. It declared at the
&me roue that, resolved on victory, or &mit, the Pieiislem
and the Members of the 'Government • were going' to. place
thethselves at the head of the inlay. to
_lead it on to the field of
honour.' Now particularly addresses the Peloponnesiam, and.
calls upon them, by pointing out the perilouS situation IA which
they are placed, to take up arms„ anti repel the barbarous
hordes which are once More travoming the PC:thltillll4 and as-
sures theta, drat victory only can force. them to respect One rights
and the justice of our'caute; . • .•. .
Peloponnesians !—The Turks have marched on the en-
virons of Vulos, where they have signalized themselves as usual
by the most horrible massacre of a great number of Christians
who again submitted to-their power, and . the . barbarians have
led their wives and children into slavery. This conduct gives
.no inixu• indeed of the enemy's courage, for they aw.cleed none
but those who, through imprudence scarcely. to be conceived,
'expected to escape, by their supineness, the ferocity of these
cannibals; but at least it shews the rancour of their spirit, and
-predicts the lot of those who may regard with indifference their
march on our country.
" Peloponnesians !,..-The enemy's plan is to pour in from
every side on the Peninsula, which they justly regard as the
Centre of our. forces. They are, raising considerable forces in
Albania. •with which they intend penetrating into Arcanan!a,
Whence they wish to mare,, across Capenice,to Naupacto.
.The
army which they assembled in Thessaly has already penetrated
into Livadia. • Their lien have disembarked sonic troops at
Patras • and danger is close at hand. If you fail to succour
yotir fellow countrymen, who arc exposed on the frontiers, their.
wives and, children, you compromise your own wives.antt chit-
then, nay your very existence. This is not the time to ask.for
pay before the isthmus. is set at liberty ; the GoVermnent,
which has determined not to levy from the people henyy taxes,
is not able at present to satisfy yOur demands, however just they
may be. In our situation, its delicate as it is extraordinary,
the best par you can receive is victory ; without it, this country,
which ought one day to repay'you with an ample, harvest.of the
fraits of your exertions, is irretrievably lost.
" Listen to the cries of your fellow citizens, who are exposed
on the northern frontiers ,t: and who are making a rainp:trt. with
.their bodies against the enemy. Listen to, the groan:, and la-
mentations which. their wives and children are making. Fol.
low the example of the members of your government, who are
reedy to march with you atjohr head, to the field of honour. .
As for you, who are natives of another Continent, and are at this
moment In the Peloponnestia, you have no need of the solicita-
Aion'of the governalent to go immediately to liberate the isth.
mus. . Your houses are destroyed, your lands are. laid waste,.
the blood of your parents . has been spilt ; hasten with hearts
filled with indignation to snatch front death your. children and
your brothers. ' • ` . .
" May the ferocity of. our enemies fin your minds with all'
the hatred which they an fully deserve. Buckle on your swordS;
rush to take a lawful ' revenge ; march with confidence ander
the banners of the cross; the 'flew victories .which await you,
• willsive to voni.suceesses a new ltistre, the merit of Which will
naves be'sullied while time endures.
(rtzignetl)- " • President P. :NI A 1:110MICII ALI:.
. , 4, Secretary-General A. MA UROci qi.DATO.S.
%1-gs.‘, Awn. 2'n:-
tr3iP91112j41.j91e21111:42t7.7 from Constantinople Of the
.. lath announce, that the • Portetras received official news,:that
peace with Persia had been definitively concluded on the Nth
of. July. However unfavourable tins- news may be for the
Greeks, their partisans hope that the Divan will nut draw all
the advantages which it might from that event.

ThP following letter, written .to' his •Tioliness
Pins by Count Netaxa, Deputy of the
,
Provisional Governinent or{, recce, on the open-
ing of the Congress of Verona, has revently hue!)
piiblished at Santa Nlaura :
MosT HOLY .FAT avit--For fuer centuries has the Greek
nation been a prey to the most cruel torments.
.Every
Atm, the most barbarous and inhuman, has been contrived
against' them; the name of Rapt signifies neither more nor
less than a man against whom sentence of death has been pass-
ed. This trait alone is the distinguishing feature of the Otto-
maw, character. Every hour of the day the Christian. ()reek
'Was reminded of his state of Slavery. The sweetest affections
of nature *ere exposed to outraKes heaped on each other in
endless repetition. The fruits of its labours became the prey of
his haughty. despot, and of his ferocious ngems in villany. Ilis
Wife and his-children, exposed to the most infamous ••-brutalities
of the interior tyrants, were dragged away to increase the nnm-
ber of the disciples ofillithernet. • • • •
Faith and hope alone could have been sufficiently powerful
to inspire the Greeks with fortitude to support for such a long
space of time such a ainful, such a calamithes.existenee. For-
titude in misfortune became with them a
-kind of domestic_vir-
tbe, which transferred itself fromfather to son. • But Christian
patience had arrived at its utmost height of suffering ; the cup
of Grecian misery was foll--overflowing the sanctity of the
religion of Christ was already proved by the perseverance of
one entire nation. which, in a thousand trying circumstances,
land exposed itself to the most cruel death, sooner than -Oen-
don IN ' ' ' •
• The Greeks, after they had been such a long time exposed
to the dreadful-choice of embracing either the religion of Ala-
hornet, or death, and dispairidg of their ultimate safety, awoke
instantaneously from their sleep of slavery to shake otT the
titillating and mud yoke. - Every conventional arrangement
with their oppressors had been nugatory ; the blind obedience
of their Patriarch and the other prelates could not ward off the
threatened blow ; the.lukewarm indifferieice of the inhabitant's
of CypruStlte ' submission of the. Chians—of the people of
Stnynitt 'and of - Cytlobiothe public amnesty flag the inhabh.:
torus of Geiansta and or Olympus, have;preserved these tirh.
fOrtunate people • neither froth 'death, nor froni slavery, still s
more cruel than death, nor from the devastation of their coon.
try The-fatal sentence had been 'already signed, and the exe-
Aution of it entrusted to numerous assassins. ESery thing was
'given to fire and sword, end Airy and'deVastation hovered Over
our wretched country. It was at this period that the Greek in-
SUrreetion arose to all its-importance. • This nation, stripped of
all its resources, without arms, and without leaders, abandoned
itself to: the impulses of religion. anti its -Courage alone. The
Impenetrable decrees of Providence have appointed the hour of
ehas!iizeinent so richly merited by its enemies. It it evident, •
.Holy Father, that • the omnipotent hands of the God of armies
have been pleased to strike tenor .into the heart of the impious,
by assietibg the arms of the feeble and oppressed. The
astonishing suecess which has crowned the enterprizes of the
(reeks in this unequal Struggle, has -:proved to a certainty
that Heaven at length wishes to rescue them- from that state of
slavery in which they have been phinged for such a long and
gloomy period. • ' •
If the events of the present time be placed in comparison with
those of the past, it can be easily inferred that Providence
wishes to remove ih these days ,the enemies of the faith from
Christian land. It was not the will of Heaven that events of
mach high ire portance should tate plece. in the memorable pe.
ricds -vixen the pious predecessors of your 'Holiness armed the
-Oirirtieri States against the followers of the Koran, who had
already innodated Europe With their barbhrous hordes. The
Bial eias the Secentl, October Z 2,, 1463; and his letter of ttie
oi.-Noventher Mowing, failed of their.. intended effect, in
,;onseioence of the' death of that brave Pontiff occurring at the
minnent he w«ii proceeding. to put himself at the head of the
f' :risrittn t rob psl which had-been re-assembled to • combat- the
eriethies ef. Christ. -Neither • the efforts' of Pius the Fifth nor
'those of ;Eugelie were pre'ordained to attain success. • The'eXe-
chtion of the decrees -of heaven has been.reserved for the Pori-.
tifieatt the most jest end most renerable•-ainong the ',ltasto:i
ettlirist.:and was. tletAiueti-to he teak& with the blood .of one
erotic principal *data, his fellow member of thiehMtheilieed,

The struggle now existing between the children of the Saviour
LC the Wuzh:4 the followers of Itirthoroct, is worthy of the
