SPIRIT OF TIIT PUBLIC JOURNALS.

We call the attention of our readers to en excel-
lent circular, in smother column, from Lord Mel•
bourne, on the subject or the recent conduct or the
Justices of Peace. We have lOng lamented the
combination of the Magistracy throughout „U greet
pert of Englund, to reducelhe agricultural poor to
slavery : and ft gives us, therefore, peculiar satisfac-
tion to hear a R eeretery of State declare that " Jus-
tices of the Peace must be aware that they are in-
vested with no 'general legal authority to settle the
amount of the wages of labour ;and any interference
in such a manner can only have the effeet'of. exciting
expectations which must be diSappointed, and of ul-
timately piodOcing, in art aggravated degree, a re-
newed spirit of discontent and insubordination."—
Pity it is that when Mr. Burke raised his voice
against the Magistrates who, in 179.5, inter-
fered between the labourer' and his empleyer,
the Government ,of dust day had not acted
with the same good sense which Lord Melbourne
now displays when the consequenees of the-epin,
Inflation now threaten to destroy property through-
out the country. In a communication from Sir
Mordaunt Martin, in the 7th volume of "The Bath
Society Papers," dated 10th Augnst,,l793, he. obs
serves--" An observation from very sensible man
(the late Sir John Turner), many years ago, made,
a deep impression en my mind. He ridiculed the
idea of the poor-rates being originally intended for
the comfort of the paupers ; their primary ()Nees
being to tix the labourers to 'their parishes ;
think we must admit that where they arc enforced
ley irdercrted persons, they are calculated to answer
ae end with a vengeance / Not to assume any' me-
sit in what I have felt by'beieg witness to sumo
instances of tyranny towardS .miserable objects,
which the laws of dint free country fix to a' spot
as effectually as a dog is chained to. his kennel,
you will admit me to have some feeling on
another score, which is, that a 'considerable
portion of tiny little property pays -near tett
%lasso its the pound to the poop' rate."
How early gentlemen began to perceive the use
so which the Poor.' Rate- might be applied,' in
establishing a doMiniair over the labourers I The
Magistrates have been so long acenrtorned to cons
eider themselves irresponsible for the exercise of
their powert, that we have no, doubt they will be
not a little astonished when they find that at length
(ensure has
,overtaken them. "1 rem ,commtnded
by his Majestrto lose no time in acquainting you
that it has been observed with great regret that the
Justices of PeaCe and others have in many, ins
stances, tinder the, irdluence of threats and intimi-
det:on, and the apprehension of violence and,. outs,
rage„ edvised the establithinent of an uniform rate of
wages to be paid fur labour in their respective
neighbourhoods," Why, 'they have been in the
practice of advising an uniform rate of wages for
many a year. The practice is so inveterate, that
we have seen a table which must have, been drawn
up by certain Magistrates in Oxfordshire, at the
very time his Lordship was drawing. up thiS
letter. We tee in this censure
,the harbinger
of a new state of things, Sir Robert. Peel would
have it that the poor had been oppressed,;. but
that the upper classes were not to blame. What
cant ! They are to blame—they have long been
to blame. We are all Anew reaping the fruits of
a policy as narrow as it was unjust. But how can
we punish poor infatuated wretches for violating the
law in breaking:machines, and coMpelling'masteri to
advance Wages, when Magistrates—the only, who-,
cities; ktiown to theta—sign declarations, recent!,
mending the breaking of machines, and the rOising
or "wages I Is not this torching the people :that
justice is on their side ? Well is it said in the cir-
cular, that these machines are as mush entitled to
the proteetion of the law as any other description of
property, and that the course which has been taken,
of preseritrieg or recommending the discontinuance
of them, is, iss feet, to connive at, or lather to assist
in, the asteblishomut of a tyranny 'of the most
presstve ehereeter." Yhe rights' of propevty Must
be upheld. A meehihe' is prepetty—labour is pro.
perty—the business of the Jotice of Peace is to
respect property, and not tit destroy in. The law
never contemplated that he should make the con-
gruel between the farmer and the labourer. This is
ant usurpation, a dangerous usurpation, which no
length of time can eonseciate.-Motraing Chrnn.

An incidents,' discussion arose last night in the
House of Louts' op the subject of the dice of Lord
Mimeonor. Lord Farnham asked whether a sue.
cessor had beets appointed to Sir A. Hart, and
seemed to wish that the general rule with regard to
Judges wore applied to Chancellors; as, in the pre,
sent state of the country, the pensions to retired
Chaneellors became peculiarly burdensome. The
Lord Chancellor observed, that the question whe-
thit this Keeper of the Seals should or should not
be a permanent Judge was open for discussion; but
hitherto It had always been the rule, that political
and judicial functions should be united in the case
of the Keeper of the Seals. His Lordship concluded
with observing, " that all the Chancellors had had
retiring pensions but he would say this, that if any
alteration, were made (though he would not, state
the details) be was sure the arrangements would be
meth with the strictest regard to economy in the
pecuniary resources of the country..--(Rear, hear.)
The salary would be so modified as it had never been
before, and In such a manner as to consult the dis.
tresses of the public, and though the saving might
not he considerable, it would be important, for he
was fully convince:; that nothing could be unimpor-
tant- which went to save one farthing of the public
money." So long as Ministers act up to this prin.
ciple, they deserve and will receive the support of
she nottion...--Morning Chronicle.

The procession of the trades yesterday through
the metropolis was alluded to by the Doke of Wel-
lington, who suid that the pructiee processions
with flags, fge., if not eontrary to law, was mast
dangerous. his Grace is quick in descrying danger.
The inconvenience of processions in a trailing city is'
more obvious than their danger; though procession~
through the streets 'of particular trades, benefit so.
dales Ba. with flags are common enough. As far
however, as interruption of Ole highways is con.
earned, there largo tirnes more every day in the
year from largo,,oatta loading and unloading in,the
daytime in tide most frequented thoroughfarei. Were
there alnythirig like grind order in this metropolis, all
these things ‘loultt be Ilmiteti to particular hours its
the muridlig, or to night. Every day whole lines
of carts and earrisges block up,the wcy for hours,
till some grocer tir Other trittketOktti bite disposed of
the ,contotits :of 4.C4rt, which,,remaitts !opposite his
door. Lord Melbourne had not been aware till the
placards were pasted ..up mt the `trailers to
proceed to his Majesty, that more wes ititerided than
a deputation ; and upon consulting with the audio-,
rities and police, they all reconnnended the allowiog
the procetteidit, for which they would be responsible.
The Lord Chencellor declared in favour. of, the
legality of it.-- Alornini chroniele.
We understand that Lord Althorp declared to his
constituents on his re-election, that he was favour-
able to an extensive Parliamentary Reform end to
i3KI et, end would vote for the latter ahould it be.
tome the suldect of a vote. 'Ha declared els°, that
it was with greetreluctance he had accepted 'office,
but that lit the present state of the country, he con.
;tittered it his duty not to &dine ,the act aptiutiuts of a
situation by whirl) lie might be enabled to promote
such measures of Reform. and, Itatrenchment as he
deemed essential to its sairny, and. consequently eta.
to promote the welfato of his oWn family.--
Aferning Chronicle.

A convertedinit 'of 'some interest occurred last.
night in the 'louse or Lords, firet, on.tbe subject or
the retiring Chancellor of irelsod.:, next, on t he
ease of the wretched toratikic who had been appre.,
!fended with dangerous weapon* in the giVeMie
the now ; end latttly, iot the procesAion of the
tirades to St. Janet's Patatei wheo the 1)olte of
welimpoo showed how a mitOlomally htrotrg
• ,„„, be weakened and Onto,' 11,1"Viltill by pel•-
•1:011:174 s. Surtly if )iii 1.11311' 11,01 tti

justify-his prohibition of the Royal proctaion to
the city, he could, not, have, appealed to a lest
striking proof of his foresight or judgment, than
that afforded by the procession of yesterday. Ail
immense number of people, with banners and music,
paraded the whole length of London, without the
slightest, breach of the peace, without creating any
rpreherAion in any mind, except we are to infer
from his (.race's speech that he experienced such a
sensation, and without the slightest loconvesienee,
except such as a large asiemblage must always pro.
duce in the main thoroughfare of a metropolis. The
Duke -mid ;be discreetly silent when Minister :
perhaps discretion would be equally useful in, his
present position. We, speak us friends, not as
enemies, to his Grace.---'!rimer,
•
We insert the circular of the Noble Secretary for
the }fume Department, to the Magistrates who have
lately, under the influence of threats and intimida-
tiOU,;" advised the establishment of an 'tidal-in rate
of weges, and recommended the diseontinuution of
Iricultural machinery. If by yielding to the dicta.
Non of the rioters the Magistrates could perma-
nently better filch, mloition, we might forget the
feelings of alarm from which they acted, atul give
them, credit for a laudable as well as an easy receipt
for terminating outrage and restoring tranquillity.
but though their motives may be laudable, their
power is limited. They may order the farmer to
pay a certain rate of wages to labourers when he
employs them, but can they likewise order him to
emptily them ? If they cannot, what:is, gained for
those labourers whose services are rejected alto.
geiliee, but total deprivatiop of employment ? and
if they can, what becomes of the rights of the
farmer ? What becomes even of the rights of the
other classes of the community'? for the same autho-
rity which would put a labourer, for whom he has
tio Ilse, into a fan tner's barn or field, would put a
supernumerary cook into a gentleman's kitchen, or
a compositor into our office. All that the magi-
strate' can legally do is to enforce the laws for re-
lieving the pauper labourer, without inteifering with
the contracts which regulate the price of labour.
The just remuneration of labour must depend on
the conscience and honour of the employers, and on
the terror which the oppressed—by a law of nature,
though not of the landure able to indict on their
oppressors. Shamefully ' have the poor been
treated, and their wrongs ought 'to be re-
dressed; but : the law has not invested local Magi-
strates with any power to,comonand such redress.—
The recommendation of the Magistrates to discon-
tinue the use of machinery is liable to still stronger
objections. To recommend its disuse, a sanction
to destruction, or, in other words, is a judgment
of the Magistrate in accordance, with the violence
of'the rioter; for in this case disuse is the same
thing us destruction, the wood and iron of which
the machinery is composed being of little value
when its operat'ons or motions are stopped. We
have no room at present to extend these remarks
further rbut we cannot deny ourselves the pleasure
of quoting the folloWing able conlirination of our
views from the prefitee of 'Oree Lectures on the
Rate of Wages, delivered befoi.e the University of
Oxford; by Mr. Senior, late Professor of Patrol!
Ecpnomy in that University, We shall, perhaps,
recur to that work : _ _

" 13nt have the censequences of the present systeni ever
been explained to the labourer? Is not his right to good
Wages re-echoed from all parts of the country? Is.he not
Dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt beled ?'
Does not the lion. Member who has affixed his motto to
his week, ;mottle that the fund out of which the labourer
is, tic lie fed is practically inexhaustible ? And can words.
Inore strongly imply that his sufferings arise from t 6
inii4Stice of h►s superiors? Have not even Mat istratm
and landlords recommended the destruction, or What is the
same, both in principle and effect, the disuse of the very
ma(bioe„ of which the object is to render labour more
efllcicntits the production of the articles consumed by the
bk,drer—in the production of that very fund on the ex.,
tent: of which, compared with the number to be. main-
Wood, the a►nount: of ,wages depends? And is there any
real difference between this condom and the burning of
a rick-ywd ? 'Threshing-machines are the present ob-
jects of hostility—ploughs will be the next; spades will
them be found to diminish employment ; and when it has
been niadi penal to give advantage to labour by any tool or
instrument whatever, the last step must be to prohibit the
use of the right hand.."—, VOW.:

We' are' haters Of. all, monopolies, and among
others monopoly 'of the elective franchise, by. etsch'is
(miscalled) 14form of Parlienie,nt 'as would intro..'
dece into the constituent body, by means of univer-
sal suffrage, the mass, and IVO the mass the.dregs,
of the existing repletion. That species of Reform
of Parliament would be a monopoly of power, and,
consequently, of every thing to the ;appropriation of
which unreflecting power could be rendered appli-
cable, by the numerical majority of the people—in
other words, by the mob. We are staunch friends
to a broad andfundamental Reform and if enemies
to Universal Suffrage, or to the establishment of a
low qualification for the great masa of electors, it is
because such a principle would he, in effect, a nor-
rowing of the representative system, by the virtual
exclusion' of all Influence derived from property, and
an absolute surrender of• the commonwealth to a
single class—a class moved to . frequent warfare
against every other, by the extremes of deitittition
and desperation acting upon incurable 'giro' wire,
prejudice, and distrust. In speaking some days ago,
on the 'subject of that Reform which it might
be deiirable for the new Administration to
execute!, our wish was to see such a. plan deve-
loped at would break. down all artificial and merely
ideal barriers between bodies of men whose pretern
slOll2 to constitutional power are in reality identified
to:grant to the leaseholder and copyholder of equal'
income with the qualified freeholder, the same pri-
vileges which the latter now enjoys exclusively, and
thus to incorporate with the Constitution a much
larger. proportion of solid property tuit well us of edu-
cated nutnbers, As for the admission of mere'
" numbers" into the state, not qualified or„
guished by any further claims, the .Constitution-of.
England .exhibits no such. tendency.. The electors
for towns where apprenticeship forme a qualification,
have a "rake in the 'country through that skill and
that evidence of honest and reputable conduct, both
of which constitute !heir property,. and Without
which theY could' not have obtained the freedoni of
their respective trades, 'or been permitted to earn
the wages of art and industry. I,,ven
,the potlwirk
loperohe lowest, meanest, .end trios worthless of
elm:tot-sutras is. constructive interest in the borough,
for which he vote., through the period during which
he bus.hecn connected with it, and Joes.not counts.:
liana°. the principle of naked numbers. ' tr class of
electors he desired, less open to corruption than a
'large. majority of thole who now 'possess that privi-
lege, the standard of qUalification ought to be raised,
not reduced. Mr. Fox and Mr. (now Earl) they
wore bOth.for that description of Referm; but then
property, no matter under what name,' must be ad-
mitted. If the representetion,is. no, longer to be a
Oracle*, end mockery, but aoubstential power and
safeguard for 'the state, the close borough*, of even
less thati.4o voters, must tit once be ousted from
their iniquitous, however long.exercised, usurpa-

We'recommend to general attention a paper, in
this day's journal, entitled " A Memorandum," re-
luting to Ilse support, chiefly, of agricultural labourers.
It is the work of a thoroughly practical loan who
understands hilt subject from., observation, detects
and exposes the present system, and what is more,
points out one remedy, which being adopted, as it
may easily be; will prove effectual in bettering the
condition of the Mooring classes, and in restoring'
them permanently to what it has been, If the at-
taching' of small. parcels of land to cottages gives
,trouble, lnes-tbe contiagratitm of egrieidiursl.prodoc-
tions occasion noire ? Does that visible misery of.
the punt M owing classesexcite no pain ? Does
their just fury 0,040 Oa terror `lfarming
labourers of Eogland are not suturally a turbulent
or distuttiolled eluss they assemble, and /Open 6414'
common wrongs to each other with ditlictilty. It
is obvious that they now, may be redressed. The
landlord, indulgent .to his- tenantry in - other
I.,pect-3; need. wily lower Itis rent by so

as is' neetistry k for, the reasdnal,le remunera-
tion of a sufficient number of labourers on
every farm, and add a little patch of land to every
cottage in which there may be an industrious
lab utrer : himself will be the ultimate gainer. And
why should he not insist upon the full complemern
of labourers to every farm ? In how many teasel
is it made a condition throughout England, that a
flock of sheep shall be kept on each farm ? and if it
be allowable to stipulate for the brute herd, for fer-
tilizing the land, surely it is permissible to require ri
sufficient number of well.fed labourers for its culti-
vation. Is it not lamentable—is it not disgraceful—
to us as a Christian people, tp knctw that whatever
the labourers gain now, they gain, by their own very
dangerous efforts, if any thing can be. dangerous to
men in the deepest abyss of misery and wretched-
ness ? We again recommend the memorandum to
attention. The remedies which it proposes to the
existing evils are not burdensome,—the maintenance
which it recommends to the industrious classes not
luxurious.--'Hurst.

The development of theaseeret springs of the
tragic, but glorious events of which Paris was the
theatre last July, is certainly not afforded to the
public by any of the depositions of the witnesses,
or examinations of the prisoners, whicii have yet
transpired. Enough,. however, may be collected
from those official minutes of the prelitnieary in-
quiries, which we have published, to throw consi-
derable, light upon the parts which some of the
principal actors in that most sanguinary and me-
morable drama performed; yet every disclosure is
connected with a reference to some hidden and tray.
sterious agency, of which all the guilty parties
Would fain makethe world believe they were the
reltswnt instruments--distrusting the influence which
hurried them on their ruin, but yielding to the
imperieue spell of its disastrous and irresistible
fascination ! What that dark and secret agency
was we cannot pretend to divine; but this
we cannot avoid remarking, in reference to
the allusions 'Made to ' such an overruling
power, that if the crimes of the Ministers of the
Crown in a Constitutional Monarchy can be ex-
cused, or even palliated, on the plea of this sort of
political fatalism, there is an end to the responsi-
bility of such Ministers. Responsibility, indeed, be-
comes an impertinent fiction, if the Minister can be
leoked upon as only passively sanctioning the poli-
tical document which bean; his signature. The
Constitutional doctrine is, that every act of autho-
rity which Ministers sign must be presumed to ori-
ginate with themselves. This doctrine is abso-
lutely necessary to the preservation :of the institu-
tions °fa free people—end it is not more necessary
than just; for the responsible advisers of the Crown
are not obliged by any point of honour or duty to
sanction measures of which their Consciences disap-
prove. On the eontrary, a proper sense of duty, as
well as feeling of honour, would induce them to re-
ject and disclaim the dangerous dictation of an irre-
sponsible power. Ministers of the Crown, in a
free State, are' not merely the responsible advisers
of the King, they are also trustees of the public in-
terests, and if - they take upon them to enforce
measures which their judgment either doubts
or condemns, they abuse most, grossly their. high
trnst, and violate their duty to their Sovereign and
their country. If the King be pleased to under
his_ conti dence from his responsible advisers to others
who are not responsible, the indignity and danger
leave men of spirit and discretion no alternative but
resignation. If they, under such circumstances,
piefer retaining their places to taking that step
Which a sense of honour and their own security
equally require,,they must make up their minds to
abide the consequences: If they even carried in
their pockets a written indemnity for a deluded
King, they could not plead it in bar of, the accuse-
tiOn,of :a .betrayed people. So much for the great
Constitutional principle involved in these inquiries.
Ent, in point of fact, there can be no doubt that
there are parties who do not appear, or are not
untenable to justice, who are, morally speaking,
as guilty as, the most culpable of the Ministers; and,
of those whose names transpire, the Ex-King and
the Dauphin are not the least criminal. ' The
,former
indeed, seems to have been kept in ignorance, for
some considerable time after the conflicts be-
tween the people and the troops had become
eerioue, of the real state of things in Paris,
It would appear he was under the - delusion,
whieh certain parties - interested in - deceiving
him studiously kept up, that the insurrectionary
movements of the Parisians were repressed, or
nearly so, at the time when the combat was most
general and furious; hut, the delusion must have
been dispersed by the despatch of Marshal Marmont,
which he received at four o'clock on Wednesday,
along with the account of the state of Paris, given
by the Aitle-de-Camp who brought it. What
alteration did that make in the King's determina-
tion.? Did it make him advance one step towards
repairing the consequences of the fatal errors which
had deluifed the streets of his capital in blood'? No.
Ite was inexorable to the suggestions of 'prudence,
the admonitions of reason, and the cries of humanity.
He placed the Martial who had thus afforded him,
though late, a locus penitenlia, under the bitter
necessity oedisobeying his orders, or preparing new,
scenes of carnage This might be culled fit mness
by his flatterers, but it certainly was not accompanied
with ante( that intrepidity which could inducehim
to encounter the least personal danger in defending
the Crown
~which was ready to fall from his brow.
The Ex-Minister most deserving of pity is-Guernon
Rifilville: He, it appears, made a written recla-
mation to Prince Polignac against the meditated
coups tr clad, pointing out their danger and crimi-
nality, and showing an attachment for the Charter,
and a regard for the: principles of political mo-
rality ; and yet ho signed the ordinances ! He
accounts for it on the ground of some dark
and, inexplicable necessity, to which, he says, he re,
signs himself as a victim. Strange infatuation I In
the extimination of Prince Polignac„ he is, very
anxious to make it appear that he no longer acted
after Paris had been declared in a state of siege, and
the command intrusted to Marmont. He asserts
that all the movements of the troops, and the events
which took place in Paris, were ,without his know-
ledge. A Most extraordinary statement. And yet it is
in the deposition of the witness Dominique Ater, t hat,
when he(Polignac) was inforroed,by a messenger from
the Marshal, thet the troops of the line were passing,
over to the people, he said, ".Well, then, tire on
the troop's. " From that moment 1 became con-
vinced,,"said the witness," that the Mursinil only
commandedin, name, notwithstanding the siege,"—
if pougno
wished to shift . she blame .of the military
proceedings, on Marmont, or any- body else, he
should Nye 'given, in his resignation the moment
that he saw the measures of Ins Government could
not be carried without the employment of force ;
but, as he chose to remain Prime Minister up to
the. accomplishment of the revolution, whether
ho remained active or passive made so dif-
ference
. in his accountability for those events
1 at the bar of public justice. As to Mar-
mont, he really .seems to huve undertakenat
his disagreeable Ape with feelings of gre
aod to havemade several efforts to induce the King
apa his Ministers to stop the effusion of blood. He
also tulks of being impelled by a fatal necessity and
a point: of honour. A nobler sense of honour, that
of devotion to his country, would have induced him
would have taken the honest and judielous ad vial of
oarnrveisllte; andi put poligni,e and
histt colleaguese'decline
Marquis thde
eunBd command,
ee
r ar
Iv.inagyet:::l4 1 jPOrtee:dloCteili ypoil It
on
hip own responsibility, to the King. and, the people,
a measure that might have save(' his Master's crown
itesnws:annads
nthaedelivbeirno oaf numbers of
glorious name in the history
of his country for ever !--hut he is, ii mere soldier,
not a hero I We hope the trial of the 14,Mitti-
gm,
wilt be fairly tonducted, without popular hitt-
midatien on the . one aisics or-political trick. ()tube
other. When Justice has prooounced her hnourtint
decision, then, if the voice of mercy can ;laid with
any effect, let an hottest appeel be 'made to the 64,
Ingo of a magnanimous nation—but stratagem; in

such a case, can chili
°Wimp! those who interpose
it between the criminal aa Jitatice.-!-Mprn. Herold
Thu Opposition are beginning tco show:their teeth,
somewhat prematurely, :we think, in the Lordi as
well as the Commons. Lord Ilarnham, for example,
favoured Ministers list night with a lecture on the
separation of the judicial and Cabinet functions of
the Lerd Chancellor, and expressed his hope that
Sir Anthony Hart, the Lord' Chancellor of Ireland,
would not be removed from his officer but, to use
a legal proverb, be took nothing by his motion ; for,
as the Lord Chancellor informed him, the Govern•
ment had not yet decided the question of his retire,
vat, although the usage was, in the occurrence'of all-
changes of Ministry, that the Lord Chancellor of
Ireland should retire from office, as well as the Lord
ChlllTellor of Englund. On the score of economy
itisO,.--and it is, assuredly no proof either of wisdom
nr of economy, that there should be now so many
Ex-Chancellors,, either receiving, or about to re-
ceive, their 4,000/. a year of pension for life
-Lord Broughatn held out hopes, that in fu-
ture the arrangement of retiring allowances would
be so managed, as greatly to diminish the burthen
-on the country. The Duke of Wellington also, it
will be seen, took an opportunity of finding fault
with his Majesty's Ministers, for having allowed the
Trades' Societies to present an address to the King,
accompanied and escorted hy.such a huge body of
their constituents,. as were yesterday. to be seen in
the tteighbourhoiml of the Palace--and the matter
was, no doubt? extraordinary, as well es 'unusual.—
at least during his' Grace's ittlthinistration ; but
the proceeding, as Lord Melbourne ieforrned hint,
was perfectly legal, and, as the fact heti Proved;
equally safe and gratifying. Why, in fact, should
his. Majesty's subjects, of all classes, be prevented
from enjoying the satisfaction of either congratulat-
ing him ea his accession to the throne, or of stating
their grievances, if they have any ? The King is
popular, and his subjects are determined that he
shall not be mistaken on the score of their loyalty.—,
Morning Advertiser.

REPORT OF THE CONVICTS CONVICTED

AT THE ADMIRALTY SESSIONS.

Yesterday Sir Christopher Robinson made the
report to his Majesty of the prisoners capitally
convicted at the Admiraky Sessions, viz. James
*Donnell, 26 ; Daniel Martin, 41 ; and Fran-
cisco Jose, alias Morenet, 40, slave dealing ; George
James Davis, alias 'George Huntley, `27; William
Watts, alias Charles- Williams, 32 ;. Alexander
Stevens, alias Telford, 23; and J. Beveridge, alias
Anderson, 30, piracy ; all of whom his
,Majesty
was graciously pleased to respite dining his Royal
pleasure, except George James Davis alias George
Ilutilley and William I:Valls alias Charles Williams,
who are left for execution at Execution Dock on
Thursday next.
The above named iprisoners' Davis, Steiens, Be-
veridge, and Watts, were tried at the last Admiralty
Sessions with a man named Swallow, for stealing the
brig Cyprus,. near the coast of Van Diemates Land,
on the sth of September, 1829, A man named Pope
joy, it will, be recollected, was the principal witness,,
The Cyrus was employed to.con*ey convicts from
ToWn' to MacqUarrie Harbour ; the prisoners
were among them. The ship lay at anchor in Re-
search Buy, when Popjoy, Lieut. Carew (who had
charge of. the vessel), Lieut. Williams, the chief
mate, and a soldier went ashore to fish. Shortly
after the convicts overpoWeted the soldiers who
were on board, and took possession of the ship.
They refused to allow the Lieutenant or hisliarty to
come on board ; they, at the same 'time-put the
Lieutenant's wife and children in a boat and sent
them ashore. Swallow, who appeared to take the
most active part, was forced to do so by. the con-
victs, and had scarcely recovered from a severe ill-
ness. Swallow was acquitted, but the other pri-
soners, were instantly found guilty.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

'ROLLS' COURT, Dec. 8.
BROWN V. BLOUNT.

The mother of Sir Charles Blount, the defen-
dant in this case, had been devisee for life of a cer-
tain estate in question, with the power of appoint-
ment to her children.. In 2800 Sir Charles Blount,
deing indebted to the plaintiff in a sum of 3004, bad
executed a warrant of attorney, to enter up judg-
ment against him for' that sum, and being also in-
debted .to Messrs. Everard and CO., bankers; in a
sum of from 3,0001 to 4,0001., had mortgaged to
them hie contingent interestin the property held by
his mother. In 1810, the mother, by a recovery,
became possessed of the fee-simple of the property,
and having the power of devising it as she pleased,.
site gave it by will to certain trustees in trust to
sell, to invest the proceeds, and out of the interest
to: pay three-fourths into 'the hands of 'Sir Charles
Blount :for his matenanee, and the other fourth to
Mr. Frederick BlMta. The bill was filed by the
plaintiff in order to recover on the judgment of
1800, but Sir C.' Mount being resident on the
Continent, and out of the jurisdiction, of the Court,
a question arose wliether decreecould be made
against the 'trustees and the property in his absence.
'Mr. BICKELSITETII cited a variety of cases to
show that . his • Honour might, under theoircum-
stances of the case, proceed to appoint a receiver in
Sir C. Blount's abSenee:
Ilia HONOUIt said that Sir C..Bleunt was not a
passive party, he was the party whose interests
were really and substantially 'affected. It was his,
duty-to adhere to the settled principles the Court,
and however much disposed, he could not assist
the plaintiff.

coma OF COMMON PLEAS, Die. H.
MILLEIt v. PHILLIPS AND OTHERS.

This was an 4cOon brought ,by the plaintiff'
against the executors of the late. Mr. Wm. Phillips,
to recover the amount or a promissory not• for
6,000/., with interest, alleged to have been drawn
by the testator in May, 1825, but stated by the de-
(umlauts to be a forgery.
The facts having been briefly opened by Mr.
Serjeant WILD; the, following witnesses were
called

. _
Henry Hill, who had been an articled clerk in the
office of Messrs. Collier and Co:, defendants' atter-
neYs, and previously the attorneys for the testator,
ake'ore that he believed' the riots lit 'question, dated
May 29, 18'25, to be in the hand-Writing of the tes-
tator, as also the following letter :
+
• .4 Saturday ineraing:
4' MY Dr Alt SIR,—You inform me You cannot obtain
5 per cent. for year money. 1 will allow it. If yeti will
bring the old hills for the sum 05,0001, I will add the
•
01:10t0fOor1.6y,tooi
oleLn_t me on theu " WM:"PHILLIPS.
;Addressed to Mrd Miller. 13th of January, mid giio you
•

The witness further stated his belief that the name
4 Phillips," written on a Rank of England
note for 1,0004, was in the testator's hand-writing.
-Henry Cromer, clerk in the Twe-penny Post-
off ice,_ proved that the letter above mentioned hid
passed (us appeared by the post-mark) through the
Twa.penny Post-office an the 28th, of May, 1826,
the day before the date of the note.
Jeremiah Shaw, a clerk in Messrs. Ilammeraley's
bank, where Mr, Phillips had kept an account, stated
his belit,f that the note, the letter, and the name on
the Bank of England note, were in the handwriting
of the testator. •-fle also proved the handwriting of
three familiar notes which wore written at different
times by the tekitittnr 10 Mr,- Miller.
Joseph Lancaster, who had, :been, a clerk ~
Messro. I,tausom and CO.lB, with whom, the teatator
had formerly kept a banking account, believed all
the documents shaWn to ham to be in, the :hand-
writing of the testator, ,
prol!vier.'Sthelliiteetiitite Spprtztrfyor
note,th isd efttrietttsee should
r,
s, the
name on the nank-note, and the other documents,
were all forgeries. -- Mr. Phillips had died worth'
upwards.of.2oo,ooo/., was u Man very 'puoctual in
all his accounts, anti had left no trace of the alleged
debt in question;' betides whirls, lie would show
that the plaintiff had awed that this claim had

origtnat in a loan obtaine4,ol.,lsm by Mr. Phil-
Bin in 1811, whereas 4,0,081. ssiborrowed at that
period, had been repaid in the same year and in
the year ISHI ;*teri the plaintiff was about to take
the be.nefit of the Insolvent Act, his schedule con.
tained'no*mention of any claim against the 'testator,
which it. must have done had any existed. The
Learned Counsel then proceeded to call a' &eat
number of witnesses after yvhich,
The Jury found averaiet for the plaintiff-LDa-
mages (principal and intere t)
' ' ' '
