IRELAND.

POLITICAL UNION.—At the last extraordinary meeting
of the National Trades' Union, held for the purpose of
taking into consideration the meatus which ought to be
adopted at the present crisis, resolutions were adopted in
consonance with the recommendation recently communicated
to the people by Mr. O'Connell.
THE MINISTRY.—The Ministry are firm—aye, as rock.
Hear that ye gullible and ten thousand times gulled Irish
Tories—Tor you are the fellows—vulgar, ferocious, and
lying as you are—we delight to taunt. Yes, we tell you
the demonstration made by the people has had its effect.
The horror of you, ye virulent Irish Tories, animated the
people, united them—it will do so on every emergency, and
thus the enormity of your vices operates as the impediment
to your uncontrolled exercise of them. We now tell )ou
tale Ministry is safe ; and all the low prowling vagabonds
among you may as well commence at once and make out
some honest mode of bread, for the harvest of peculation
and plunder is gone for ever. Even the corrupt corpora-
tion dills may not be long the rank pastures they have
hitherto been found.—pilot.
MR. O'CONNELL'S LAST LETTER.—WeII might Mr.
O'Connell declare that he was the best abused man in the-
world. The Liberator pays a handsome price to the ca-
lumniators of his country for presuming to exercise his
rights, and daring to discharge his duty to the people.
The Mail, however, a little overshoots its mark, when it
asserts, as it it does by implication, that because British
sympathy was supposed to be absent some months ago, that
it cannot now consist with truth to state that there exists
at present " a great and increasing disposition among the
soundest part of the English to assist in obtaining justice
for Ireland." The stolid scribe, with the self-complacency
of a per Son who thinks himself wondrous witty, bawls
out " What a versatile liar (choice phrase!) Father Cant-
well's second Moses' is!" He then says "It is not three
months ago since he assured his hereditary [Oliver] Bond's
men' that the English were totally indifferent to their claims
for justice to Ireland : and now he has a miraculous secret
to impart, viz. :—that he has discovered a great and in-
creasing disposition among the soundest part of the English
people to assist in obtaining the aforesaid justice.'" This
is a tolerably fair simple of the ratiocinative process by which
abuse of Ireland's champion is manufactured by the Mail.
The following may, perhaps, serve as a specimen, not of
slang we suppose, but it ought to be held an example of
the polished language suggested by a highly cultivated and
refined mind :—" What new humbug is here ? Is all
round my hat ?' or my hat round to all?'" How forcible
is the allusion to the hat! How exquisitely elegant the
quotation " all round my hat ;"—and the " humbug" is
above all praise. The Mail and its party have a peculiar
claim to it.

GERMAN AND BRUSSELS PAPERS.

We find the following article in the Beige :—" Two
foreigners have died lately at Brussels leaving large for-
tunes, viz., M. Cortvriendt, a Dutchman, who has left
nearly a million ; and M. Charles Renner, a Swiss, who
has left about half a million. Their heirs have arrived, to
prweed to the sale and division of the property, and had al-
ready in their hands the proceeds of the sale of the furni-
ture ; but the Minister of Finance has interfered,. forbid-
ding the seals to be removed from the chests containing the
ready money and the valuables, alleging that the whole
belong to the State, by virtue of the Droit d'Aubaine. As-
suredly we could not expect to see the usages and customs
of barbarous times revived in 1837, especially at a moment
when we are se,,king the alliance and friendship of our
neighbours with an eagerness which often approaches to
servility.

" However M. de Mcrode, who possesses considerable
estates in Holland, is by no means desirous of seeing King
William 'act with a reciprocity more or less just, and is
moving heaven and earth in favour of the heirs of Cort-
vriendt and Renner."

We shall soon learn whether M. d'Huart or M. de
Merode will gain the victory.
The editors of all the daily papers of Brussels, except
those of the Lynx and the Journal de la Belgique, have
addressed to the Chamber of Representatives a petition for
the abolition of the stamp on newspapers.
FRON,TIEIRS OP BOSNIA, APRIL 7.—Since the defeat
of the rebel Ali Vidaitsch Pasha, the Bosniacs have be-
oome sensible that not only prudence, but necessity, prescribe
submission to the will of the Porte. The conscription
which is so odious to them, proceeds every where without
opposition, and the old Janissaries passively look on uhile
their sons are exercised in arms by the instructors appointed
by the Sultan. Discontent is reduced to silence, and in
secret rests its only remaining hope in the Governor of the
Ilerzegowina, Ali Pasha, who at present is the only one in
European Turkey who has not yet actually introduced into
his Paschalik the system of conscription.
VIENNA, APRIL 17.—According to the Medical Bul•
letin of the 15th inst., his Imperial Highness the Archduke
Palatine had slept well for six hours, almost without inter-
ruption, on the preceding night ; the fever had not returned.
Ilis Imperial Highness felt himself during the day stronger,
and more cheerful.—Austrian Observer.

NICK OF TILE WOODS.—The new romance an-
nounced under the above title, edited by the author of " Rook-
wood," is, we hear, a story of wild and singular adventures in
the forests of North America. The popularity of " Rook-
wood" is well known, and the clever author of the masterly
ride to York presents us, in " Nick of the Woods," with the
wild career of an American scape-gallows, whose singu:ar ad-
ventures are alive with exciting interest.
A letter from New York states, that the past season
exhibits a melancholy catalogue of suffering in connexion with
six passenger vessels that have sailed from Liverpool to that
port. On board the Bristol there were 90 perished ; on
board the Mexico more than 100 perished ; on board the Bir-
mingham 60 passengers landed; on board the Tamaroe 130
passengers lost all their property ; on board the Diamond 11'
died of starvation; the Enchantress, with passengers, much
suffering from want of provisions. On these melancholy oc-
currences, the Hull Observer observes that, " the hurried
events of active life tend to obliterate the memory of these sad
occurrences, but where are we to look for preventative re-
medy? If we are rightly instructed, the British Government
have appointed salaried officers to see that each passenger-
ship is amply provided with seventy days' provisions ; but from
the investigations that have taken place, it appears that the
duty, if performed, is without effect. Certain it is, that three
of the above had not the provisions required, and by reason
thereof great suffering and loss of life have arisen."
An inquest was held at Bridgewater, on Thursday,
on the body o! John Widtehead, 22 years of age, who died in
the morning of the same day, through havittg taken prussic
The brother of the deceased, v.`ao slept with him, and
two other persons who had bran drinking with him the pre-
ceding evening, ievtii.a examined as to the state of tha deceased's
mind. One of the latter witnesses observed that he never
had seen the deceased more cl-&e:Pal. The brother of the
deceased stated that observed nothing particular in his
manner. They went to bed about bait past 11; at five the
following nlortl g, deccascd muplained of the badness of his
h,reittit deceased cutainued to get worse ; witness went for
Mr, Parker, Surgeon, but on his return with that goa•kittinaa
his brother was dead. Mr. Parker stated tint Le had opened
the body of the deceased, and hstt 7,a ..rautit that his death was
occasioned by his prussic acid. The inquest watt
adjourncei t,;, ha following day, in order that Mr, chitin, a
Sgitg6on, with whom deceased had lived, ntialit he elii4Mined,
but there being no evidence to skiff that, he was insane, the
iur/ returned a verdict qj "Feld tie rte,"

• '
'PRIS .)N DISCIPLIN' in thA
STATES.
Since the days of the benevolent HoWard maVetiFtWaitaiii
ameliorations have been male in prison discipline. The ri.
gours of the dungeon have been abated, moral and industrious
habits of prisoners have bee.l promotcd, felons reclaimed, and
the state of society bmcfice:l by those refi.rnis th :t have cen
effected by modern humanity at.(l skid how much I Lava
wondered that Great Britain should be so far behind her trar
a.
atlantic child in these improvements; I speak of the nortbm
States only. Those of the sootn are still Lvolved, as tar 4,8
prison discipline is concernel, in worse than Egyptian da, k.
ness.

A short time since I was at Auburn, in the state of New
York, where one of the prisons of that state is located. I wail
particular in my inquiries, and send you the result of them.
The system may be briefly summed up by biotin,-
1. That every prisoner works at a trade.
2. If he is not acquainted with one, it is trugki him by
proper masters.
3. The prisoners
.( I speak of tcnvicts) work together in
immense workshops, and are n(lt allowed to • peak to each other.
4. They are instructed in moral and :elig6ious dtities, bcirg
allowed (as much only as necessary), to speak with those wl o
teach them trtdes, &c.
5. The major part of the profits
.of weir lab iur goes tc-
wards the expenses of the prison. A little is rescued fir
their use when thy (me.
G. Thus they are not turned out naked upon the world;
butgenerally become honest and industrious men. -
7. They are well fed, well clothed (1 mean for pristvilers),
and the prison is kept warm aid comfortable.
I send you the following returns, which the keeper of the es-
tablishment favoured me with. One grand result is, that the
receipts exceed the expenditures. Therefo:e the. establish-
ment is a pecuniary advantage to the F.tate :
Earned by the convicts the year ending Sept. 30, D. 53,843 42
Expenditure for same period ...................... . 51.427 52

Balance profits
........ D. 2,415 90
I have compiled the following intereP,nag particulars trt.m
the Report of the Rev. B. C. Sarah, Chaplain to the Insti.
tution

EDUCATION.—From an examir.atio i of 975 convicts, it ap-
pears that four had been educated at collev, 11 had an aca-
demical education, 260 could read, write and cipher, 218 could
read and write, 219 could read, and 262 could not read.
INFLUENCE OF INTEMPERANCE.-01 973 persons exarnired,
736 were intemperate, 219 were temperate drinkers, and 20
were total abstinents from the use of alcohol. Five hund ed
and eighty-nine out of 975 committed the deeds that c, as-
signed them to the walls of a prison undo: the influence of
strong drink !

REFORMATIONS.-Out of 2,183 persons discharged since the
establishment of the prison but 162 have bee I econvicted, or
about 1 out of 14. Since the adoption of thl new system in
1824 the discharges have been 1,735, the recoavictious 103, or
1 out of 17.

SLAVERY IN THE UNITED STATES.

I frequently have occasion to remind you that domestic slit,
very eultinues to excite heart-burnings between the northern
atd southern states. The question of abolition or tioa-aboli-
' Lion I have never entered into in my correspondence, be-
cause I consider it a subject of entirely a domestic character.
But a paragraph is going the round of all the northern
papers which is so eminently calculated to exhibit the her.
rors and effects of slavery upon the human mind in their true
colours, that I will not refrain from giving it. I derive the
entire account from The Vermont Telegraph, which quotes
as authority The. Newbern (North Carolina) Spectator.
I am thus express in giving you the authorities, in order
that not a shadow of doubt may be entertained • as to the cor-
rectness of the statement. I make no comment—for surely in
such a case comment is unnecessary.
It seems that thc following advertisement. was published in
The Newbern (North Carolina) Spectator, of December
2, ISM:—
" ADVERTISEMENT-200 DOLLARS REWARD.—Raa away
from the subscriber, about •three years ago, a certain negro
man, named Brn, commonly known by the name of Ben
Fox. He is about five feet five or six inches high, chunky
made, yellow complexion, and had but one eye. Also, one
other negro, by the name of Rigdott, who ran away on the Bth
of this month. He is stout made, tall, and very black, with
large lips.

_ .
" I will give the reward of 100 dollars for each of the above
negroes, to be delivered to me confined in the gaol of Le-
noir or Jones county, or for the killing of them, so that I can
see them. Masters of vessels and all others arc cautioned against
harbouring, employing, or carrying them away, under the
penalty of the law. << W. D. COBB."
" Nov. 12, 1836."

For the killing of them so that he can see them..
The Justices of the Peace, as will appear from the follow-
ing notice, which accompanies the advertisement, are deter-
mined, as far as they can, to gratify this amiable longing after
blood:

" State of North Carolina, Lenoir County.
" Whereas, complaint hath been this day made to us, two
of the Justices of the Peace for the said county, by William
D. Cobb, of Jones county, that two negro slaves belonging
to him, named Ben, commonly known by the name of Ben
Fox, and Rigdon, have absented themselves from their said
master's service, and are lurking about in the counties of
Lenoir and Jones, committing acts of felony. These are, in
the name of the State, to command the said slaves forthwith to
surrender themselves, and return home to their said master.
And we do hereby require the Sheriff of the said county of
Lenoir to make diligent search end pursuit after the above-
mentioned slaves, and they having been found, to apprehend
and secure, so that they may bo conveyed to their said master,
cr otherwise disposed of as the law directs. And• the
sail Sheriff is hereby empowered to raise and take with hint
stch force of the said county as he shall think fit f;►• the ap-
prehension of the said slaves. And we do hereby, by virtue of
an Act of the Assembly of this State concerning slaves and
servants, intimate and declare, if the said slaves do not rur-
render themselves and return home to their masler immedi-
ately after the publication of these presents, that any person
may • kill and destroy the said slay by such means as he or
they think fit, without accusation or impeachment of any
crime or offence for so doing, or without incurring any pe-
nalty or forfeiture thereby.

"'Given under our hands tnd seals this 12th Norm')2e,
1836.

" B. COLEMAN, J. P. (Seal.)
" MS. JONES, J. P. (Seal)."
As I before observed, comment is unnecessary.

PETRIFIED BODIES FOUND IN

AMERICA.

It may be interesting to antiquarians and the curious to be in-
fefmed that two scientific gentlemen, ♦iz., Mr. Chester, of
England, and Mr. Davies of Philadelphia, hare recently dis_•
covered in a cave, on or near the Great Laurel Ridge of the
Cumberland Mountains, three entire petrified bodies ; one of
a dog lying flat upon the rock, and two of men ; one sitting and
the other standing, with a spear balanced in his hand. Pre-
parations were making to forward their bodies to New York.
The Hamilton (Tennessee) Observer resnarks that among
the many natural curiosities found in the extensive caves and
grottos in the vicinity of the Great Laurel Ridge ( Cumber_
land Mountains) many human skeletons aid hones of animals
have been discovered, some of them in a petrified state. These
caves abound in prodigious vaulted apartments and chambers,
which, when viewed by torch light, exhibit scenes of gloomy
grandeur which astonish the beholder. Several petrified trees
have also been discovered on the banks of the river near this
ridge, as also bones of mammoths and other annimals whose
races are now extinct.

A private correspondent writes in his letter to a learned in-
stitution, that the wonderful discovery which will now shortly
be presented to the public is three petrified bodies entire—.
one of a dog, and two human bodies, one of them holding a
spear. It is believed by the gentlemen who found them that
all three bodies may be removed from their position in a per-
fect state, though the dog, being in a laying posture upon
a flat rock, it will undoubtedly be a difficult task to remove it
uninjured. The human bodies appear to be those of men,
probably hunters. Their clothing can hardly be distinguished,
but still it is evident that that too, was in a measure turned
into stone. They are described thus: One sitting, with the
head leaning as it were against a projecting, rock; and the
o:hcr standing, with a spear balanced in his hand, as thangh
he was surprised, and had just started in a quick walk. The
dog lies as if crouched in terror or about to make a spring ;
.but the features or body are not distinct enough to determine
which position.

Thi; wonderful formation cannot be accounted for in any
other way than that these persons were Lueied by some terrible
convulsion of nature. The cave in which they were found is
full 125 feet into the mountain, and is situated about a mile
and a half beyond what is called Mammoth Grotto, in a direct
line. The entrance to the place is difficult,' and it is thought
that it was never before attempted. At the foot of the en-
trance of the cave is a considerable brook of water, which ap-
pears to gather from all parts of it.

The reception given to Sir Pultcney Malcolm at the
levee, after a late affair, is said to have been of the most
gracious description, such, in short, as a sailer King was likely
to bestow on a gallant and ill-usr.d officer.
The Earl and Countess of Romney's grand enter-
t tinment of the East and West Kent Yeomanry Corps, at
Mote Park, is ( xpected to exceed in magnificence any fete
given in the county since that of the Marquis of Camden, se-
veral years since, at the Wilderness. The Earl of Brecknock
ad the Earl of Winchilsca, as the colonel's of the respective
earl s, in conjunction with the other officers, give two splendid
cups tc be run for. A building is being erected at Mote Pat k,
where tha whole of the corps arc to dine, on Wednesday, the
25th of next month. In the evening the offi: ers give a grand
ball at Maidstone to the Nobility and Gentry. The Review
takes place on the following Friday, and at which a great many
Nerlemen and Fa6hionab'es are to be preser.t.
The most pleasing duty is our's this week 'which
h';. devolved upon us since the commencement of our labours.
We have to announce the appointment of the Earl of Pchester
the high and infirm-dial office of Lord Lieutenant of our
county. Wc hasten to congratulate cur readers, no less than
t'ia NoLle Earl, upon this appointment; it is as Creditable to
t_r the Ministry as to the Noble Earl. and it cannot but prove
most beneficial to the county. Lord Bel:ester is now and has
eve; teen a firm and consistent Reformer. Ilitltirto our
MagistrAcy has INcer, siiiktetl almost a holly from the ranks of
:Ewaa iNho diirer from the majority of the inhabitants; but
119neeforth we trust that the justice seat will he filled by men
whose influence and energies will be given to advance rather
titan to thwart the causeof the people and of a itopu:ar Go—
vernment.—Sontersee Gazelle,

SPIRIT OF TIIE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

In the Morning Post of the 4th of April instant,
appeared the following article :
" The:other (lay lye read an account of the Phrenis
steamer having souk a Spanish boat, because it believed the
crew were Cal-lists, and because they did not, answer the
signal that was mule. But what right bad tic effierr of
the Phwnix to fire on that boat, supposing, it wcie CArlist,
as Great Britain' has abandoned the blockat:o of the Can-
tabrian coast ? Speak of a Durango, indeed! which is the
more savage—to shoot a man who has landed to violate the
law' of the land, and hr sour father, mother, or son,
lii Set tire to yg.ur cottage, or your wife or da:!glitcr :
or to fire a hr,,lside into an unarmed boat, in which the
n..tives of the coast wore engaged in their own lawful
aeairs—perhaps, by fishing, providing for the wants of their
families? We have not, caned public attention to circum-
stances of this cruel act before, because we were desirous of'
ascertaining that it was an English sailor, and not it Chris-
tii adventurer, who is accountable for it. Of its truth
ti ere can be no doubt, and ice ask the people of England if
tl ey will tolerate the empicyment of the British flag on a
service of such cold-blooded barbarity ?"

Although we were certain that this statement could
nt t possibly be true, It'e avoided all notice of it till our
it quirics should place us in possession of the real cir-
cumstances of the case. We have made the necessary
inquirics, and our readeis may place the most implicit
reliance on what we are about to lay before them. In
consequence of a representation made to Lord John
hay by the British merchants of Bilboa, who claind
tl:e protection of his Majesty's cruisers, that certain
small vessels or fishing-boats belonging to the insur-
gents were armed, and in the habit of boarding and
plundering merchant vessels navigating, that coast, he
instruc!ed the officers con m znding his Majesty's stean:-
vessels, who were more constantly at sea, to keep a
vigilant 100k-out, and to render every possible assistance
to British traders and to vessels belonging to the loyal
subjects of her Catholic Majesty, in order to prevent,
if possible, the commission of these depredations.
It appears that Commander Henderson, of his
Majesty's steam-ship Phcenix, while in the ex-
ecution of his Lordship's orders, a little after
four o'clock, P.M., of the 18th March, perceived
a trincadore running along shore between Bern eo and
Machichaco, which he had passed considerably out-
side of him. This trincadore was reported to have
bottle up for Bermeo. Commander Henderson imme-
diately put back with the view of cutting her off from
the land, supposing her to be one of the enemy's ves-
sels reported to bet on that part of the coast. The
trincadore persisted in crossing the bows of the Phce-
vix, and although the helm was put up, and the way
of the ship stopped, the mainmast of the trincadore
came in contact with the jib-boom -of the Phcenix,
and, having considerable way on her, she imme-
diately upset and went down, when unfortunately
the lieutenant !in command, with two of the crew,
perished. The remainder, twenty-two men, were
saved by the boats of the Phoenix, when it was
ascertained that the vessel was her Catholic Majes-
ty's gun-boat La Reyna Gobernadora, probably
standing into Berme° with the intention of recon-
noitring. Not the smallest blame can attach to
Commander Henderson for this unfortunate con-
lision, which happened from the unaccountable blun-
der of the commander of the trincadore. The cox-
swain declared to Commander Henderson that • he
had told his officer what would happen if he persisted
in standing on across the bows of the steamer ; but for
this advice he was rewarded by being struck with his
spy-glass. However this may be, it is quite clear
that had the commander of the trincadore or gun-boat
kept as good a look-out as Commander Henderson.did,
the accident could not have occurred. Having placed
before our readers this simple statement of the facts of
the case alluded to in the Post, on the truth of "which
they may confidently rely, they can have no difficulty
in forming an opinion on the conduct of the Post in
uttering svgross a libel against our brave officers. Be-
fore indulging in such a strain of vituperation it was
the duty of the Post to have satisfied itself that there
was some foundation for the charge. But in this in-
stance the libel is founded on pure fiction. Not a
shot was fired by his Majesty's steam-ship ; and if'
three lives were lost, this was solely owing to the want
of due vigilance or skill on the part of the commander
of the Spanish gun-boat.—Mornifig Chronicle.

In the list of notices of motions to be made in the
House of Commons, we find the following standing
for Thursday, May 4 :—" Mr. Baines.—Select Com-
mittee to inquire whether the full amount of the first-
fruits and tenths has been paid by the several arch-
bishops and bishops, deans, canons, prebendaries,
rectors, and vicars, in England anti Wales, in respect
of tire several archbishoprics, bishoprics, deaneries,
canonries, prebends, rectories, and vicarages, which
are now possessed, orlhave been possessed, by them ;
or how much less than the actual and full amount
of such first-fruits and tenths has been paid by them ;
and whether any and what proceedings sh-oUld be
adopted to obtain the payment'of so much of the
actual and full value of the first-fruits and tenths as
has not been paid by them ; and whether airy and.
what proceedings should be taken to obtain the pay-
ment of the full value of the first-fruits and tenths
which shall hereafter become due in respect of such.
archbishoprics, .bishoprics, deaneries, canonries, pre-.
bends, rectories, and vicarages, or any of them."
It is known to every one who has paid the slightest
attention to the sub'ect, that first-fruits and tenths were
originally exacted- by tire Pope under the pretence of
being the (Ecumenical Pastor and High Priest of the
Christian Church ; and that when Henry VIII. threw
off' the Papal supremacy, he transferred them to the.
Crown. They had till then been paid according to
valuations made under the directions of the Papal Le-
gates ; but in the Act 26 Henry VIII., c. 3, it was
ordered that they should be paid according to the in-
quisition and certificate of certain Commissioners ap-
pointed to inquire into the value of all the benefices
in the kingdom, and not otherwise. According to
that valuation, which is generally called the valua-
tion in tire King's books, they are paid at the
present day. With the exception of a short- pe-
riod during the reign of Philip and Mary, the re-
venue of first-fruits and tenths remained in the
Crown, until Queen Anne granted it to be ap-
plied to the augmentation of poor livings. While
it remained in the Crown, a review of the valua-
tion made in the reign of Henry VIII. appears to
have been more than once contemplated, for the pur-
pose of increasing the Royal revenue. Fuller in
his Church history informs us, that a prej3ct of this
kind was submitted to James 1., who asked the judg-
ment of the Lord Treasurer Cranfield upon it. Tire
Treasurer returned the following answer :—" Sir,—
You have ever been beheld as a great lover and ad-
mirer of-learned men, and you know clerpmen's edu-
cation is chargeable to them or their friends ; long it
is before they get any preferment, which at last ge-
nerally is but small in proportion to their pains and
expenses. Let it not be said that you gained by
grinding them ; other ways less obnoxious to just
Censure will be found out to furnish your occa-
sions." The King, proceeds Fuller, commended
Cranfield, adding moreover, " I should have ac-
counted thee a ve):11 knave ifencouraging nre herein."
The project, however, was revived in the reign of
Charles 11., whose necessities drove him to have re-
course to the most iniquitous expedients in order to
raise money. A...practice had been introduced of re-
quiring the clergy to give four bonds for four half-
yearly payments of the first-fruits ; and even though
they were ready to pay down the amount at once,
of compelling them nevertheless to pay the fees for the
four boncls. _ This was sufficiently harsh and oppres-
sive. But one of tire worthy advisers of Charles 11.,
in order, as Bishop Kennett says, to pave the way for
a new valuation of the first-fruits, introduced the-prac-
tice of demanding a fifth bond, to be sued and reco-
vered whenever a new valuation should take place. It
is true that no attempt was ever made to enforce this
fifth bond, but it was kept suspended as a scourge over
the heads of the clergy ; and in the reign of James 11.,
when the clergy were to be terrified into an acqnies-
cence in the measures of the Court, empress menaces
were thrown out that it would be enforced. In order,
therefore, to relieve the minds of the clergy from all
future apprehension on the subject, the following clause
was added to the Act by which the revenue of first
f nits and tenths was applied to the augmentation of
poor livings :—" And whereas four bonds for four half-
yearly payments of the first fruits, as the same are
.ated, and also a fifth bond for a further value or pay-

ment in respect of the same first fruits, have been required
end taken from the clergy-, to their great and unneces-
nary burden and grievance ; for remedy thereof, be
it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid,
that from and after the 25th day of March, in the year
of Oh r Lord 170-1, one bond only, shell in such case be
or required for tile our payments of the said
first fruits, which said first fruits, as well as the tenths
payable by the clergy, shall hereafter ha answered and
laid by them according to such rates and proportions
re:hi as the same have heretofore been usually rated
rand paid ; and no such fifth bond already given,
frMn and after the said 25th of March, in the year
he sued and recovered." It was seal rely pos-
eihle for the Legislature to use words more expressly
.eelaring its intention that the clergy should never be
1 d upon .o pay Ii t fruits and tenths ace n.ding to a
new va nation ; and from the date of that Act of Queen
Anne, to the present moment, no found proposal for
making such a valuation has ever been sulenitted to
Parliament. Church reformers, it is true, have occasion-
ally thrown out suggestions on the subject ; among the
rest the late Bishop Watson. He, if we mistake not,
proposed that first fruits should be altogether abolished,
Gut that the clergy should be required to pay tenths ac-
eording to the full value of their benefices. He disclaimed,
however, all intention of subjecting existing incumbents
to the increased payment : that, he said, would be con-
trary to all justice. Mr. Baines, however, the Whig
Member for Leeds, lies other notions of justice ; he
calls upon the Reformed House. of Commons to do
that '' which," in the opini6'n of James 1., "no one
but a very knaae would think of doing," and which
even the profligate advisers of Charles 11., though
they thought of it, did not venture to do. The exist-
ing incumbents of benefices in England and Wales
have pail in respect of first fruits, and are annually
paying in respect of tenths, the sums which they are
by law required to pay, and are in possession of legal
acquittances for the several payments. But Mr. Baines
11 proposes that a Select Committee should be appointed
to inquire what proceedings should be adopted to ob-
tain from them the payment of the difference between
the actual and full value of the first fruits and tenths,
and the sums which they have thus paid. Can they be
legally called upon to pay this difference ? If so, why
appoint a Select Committee ? Why not at once di-
rect the law officers of the Crown to proceed against
them for the debt ? Mr. Baines well knows that no-
thing is legally due ; but he hopes out of the Members
of the reformed House of Commons to select a Com-
mittee which will report, that though nothing is due,
something ought to be due. When in France the
National Assembly passed the resolution for the abo-
lition of tithes, which drew from the Abbe Sieyes the
bitter sarcasm—" These men wish to be free, though
they know not how to be just," it was at least accom-
panied by a declaration that provision should be made
for the clergy out of the national revenue. The leaders
of that assembly were novices in the science of spo-
liation ; the march of intellect had only just begun ;
they thought that some regard was due, in appearance
at least, to the principles of justice. Mr. Baines rises
superior to all such narrow prejudices. Men actuated
by only an ordinary feeling of hatred against the
clergy would have been satisfied with requiring
them to pay the full value of the first fruits
and tenths in future ; not so Mr. Baines ; he is tent
upon making the payment retrospective—upon carrying
it back through the whole period of the incumbencies
of all the existing beneficed Clergy—of applying it
not only in the case of the benefices which they now
hold, but of those which they have ever held. A
fictitious debt is to be conjured up by a Report of a
Select Committee of the House of Commons, for the
purpose of gratifying Mr. Baines's malignity, by con-
signing half the beneficed Clergy in England and-
Wales to a gaol. We have felt it our duty to call
the public attention to this atrocious notice, as afford-
ing a sample of the sort of justice which will be dealt
out to the Clergy of the Established Church, if the
Government of this country should ever pass into the
halide of Mr. Baines and his associates : he is not
acting alone in this matter, but in concert with the
political Dissenters throughout the kingdom. The
Clergy have been already menaced with the agitation
of this question of first fruits and tenths, unless they
acquiesce in the reasonable and equitable plan of
Ministers for the abolition of Church-rates.—Times.

A Bill entitled " the Freemen's Admission Bill,"
the object of which is to admit persons, duly qualified,
to the freedom of Corporations without the payment
of the stamp-duty now exacted on their admission,
was read a second time in the House of Commons on
Wednesday night, and during the debate thereon Lord
John Russell made the gratifying announcement that
it was his intention to propose a relaxation of the rate-
paying clause in the Reform Act which makes it ne-
c.'ssary for ten-pound householders to pay up all their
taxes to the 6th of April. The abolition of the stamp-
duty will put an end to much corruption, especially the
practice which it is notorious prevails in many places,
of Parliamentary candidates paying for the admis-
sion of freemen on condition of securing their votes
in the elections. It is, therefore, on this account,
as well as on account of the extension it gives to the
elective franchise, a measure eminently deserving
the zealous support of every honest Reformer. In
the discussion which took place on the merits of
the Bill, certain speakers on both sides of the House
seemed most strangely to confound the present state,of
the Municipal Corporations with what it was pre-
viously to their reform. Sir R. Peel, for instance,
vaunted his own scrupulous regard for the rights of
freemen under the Reform Act, and taunted those
_DOW so eager in their praise with being at that time
insensible to their merits. As we cannot suppose Sir
Robot so strangely stupid as not to perceive that the
freemen, under the present Municipal regulations, are
a totally different race fi om those of the old system, we
must attribute this gross confo6nding of things per-
fectly distinct to that habit of mystification in which it
is his Wont to indulge. Mr. Wakley, too, in echoing
the taunts of the Right Honourable Baronet, seemed
equally urry,indful of the distinction, though it must
be evident to all `possessing even a slight acquaintance
with the subject, or even to all utterly unacquainted
with the particular case under consideration, that
it is no proof of inconsistency, but of the reverse,
to attack freemen fraudulently enfranchised under
a corrupt system, and to defend the interests ai,d,
rights of those freemen invested with their privi-
leges after that system has undergone a process of
purification. It must be recollected that there are !i-
-mitations fixed to the -admission of freemen under the
Municipal Reform Act, which almost completely pre-
vent
those gross invasions of the franchise which pre-
viously prevailed ; and therefore, wher_ai it was then
desirable to restrain, as much as possible, the encroach-
ments_ of corruption, it is now politic to enlarge the
Sphere of municipal freedom. With respect to the
modification purposed in the rate-paying clause, Lord
J. Russell stated that it might be eligible to adopt the
plan proposed by General Evans, which was to the ef•
feet that those on the lists of householders for one
year should be exempt from its operation, and that,
it would be well, instead of April, to fix the time of
payment the October of the previous year. This
would undoubtedly be a great improvement ; but
it would be far better to abolish the clause alto-
gether, its preservation, even in the modified form,
being a vexatious and harassing infliction on the house-
holder, without any equivalent to the other interests of
the State. Independently of the other objections which
forbid its continuance, the mere fact of its making the
exercise of a political tight the instrument of collecting
the revenue is sufficient to induce its abolition. The
law is already sufficiently stringent to enforce the pay-
ment of taxes without calling to its aid any extraneous
assistance. Is it not enough to deprive the defaulter
of his goods and his liberty, without debarring
him also of his elective franchise, which he has a cer-
tain opportunity of exercising only once in seven
years ? And that opportunity may be lost to him
solely from not having his taxes paid up to the speci-
lied day. We trust that Lord John Russell will not
leave his work unfinished by preserving this obnoxious
clause in any form. Its presence is a disgrace to the
Reform Act.—Morning Advertiser.
The Marquis of Downshire will present to-night to
the House of Lords the petition of the Protestants cf
Ireland, agreed to at a public meeting held in Dubl n
some time ago, at which the Noble Marquis presided.
It is not improbable that on this occasion a general
discussion may arise upon the situation and prospects

of the Protestants of Ireland, as both are affected by
the system of the existing Administiation. Of the
seasonableness tuid propriety of such a discussion at
the present moment there cannot be the least doubt ;
nor Is it difficult to anticipate the effect which it must
odnce upon every mind which is not wholly inac-
cessible to the united influence of sound argument
and unquestionable fact. The " heavy blow and
great discouragement to Protestantism" which Lord
Melbourne and his colleagues have been, or have
seemed to be, prepating ever since the moment when
it became necessary Eur them to amalgamate more per-
fectly than before with Mr. O'Connell and his tail, in
order to secure their return to place, have not yet taken
effect, thanks to the protecting energy and firinn-ss
of the House of Lords. But the duty of the Pro-
testant and Conservative branch of the Legislature can
scarcely be deemed complete unless it institute, front
time to time, as occasions arise, inquiries, with a view
to ascertain how far the multiplication of " blows" less
heavy, and of " discouragements" less conspicuous,
may have served as a compensation to the Ministerial
and anti-Protestant confederacy for the failure of their
principal enterpriz,!—the defeat of their -main attack.
That the Executive Government of Ireland has the
power of inflicting blows of no inconsiderable weight,
and discouragements of no slight efficacy, upon Pro-
testantism in that couatry—that these blows and dis-
couragements may be followed up with such incessant
and systematic perseverance as, in their aggregate effect,
to equal, if not to surpass the utmost efforts 'even of le-
gislative hostility—arc propositions which none will
venture to contradict. Nor could much doubt be en-
tertained that all the power which the Executive
Government possesses—independent of that hostile
legislation which Ministers purpose, and the House
of Lords triumphantly resists, of striking blows, and
offering discouragements to Protestantism—is exerted
to the utmost in Ireland, although no other evidence
could be produced of the fact than the unmeasured
panegyrics which Mr. O'Connell bestows upon the
Irish Administration, the popularity of that Adminis-
tration wherever Mr. O'Connell is popular, and the
fulsome homage paid to the principal Members of that
Administration in such districts of Ireland as are most
distinguished for Priestly domination, and for popular
ignorance, superstition, and servility. The Papist
Agitator still lends his unabated support to the Admi-
nistration, although the " heavy blow and great dis-
couragement to Protestantism" which Lord Melbourne
~
and his colleagues contracted to inflict, has not vet, after
the lapse of two years from the date of the pledge, been
inflicted ; but, nevertheless, this support is not lent
gratuitously, for the whole patronage of the Irish
Government is devoted to reward agitation and to
encourage Popery. Mr. O'Connell and his tail are
stil zealously Ministerial, although the appropria-
tion principle has not been, and will not be, adopted
by the Legislature ; but, nevertheless, Mr. O'Connell

and his tail show no unbought zeal ; for the Executive
Government of Ireland does all that any Government

can do to intercept from the Protestant Church the re-
venues which by law and right are its own. Rebellion
is threatened more than ever against the British Crown
and Constitution, as the necessary consequence of
Lord Melbourne and his colleagues being turned out
of office, by the men who ceased to be the political
enemies of Lord Melbourne and his colleagues, for the
sake of obtaining their assistance to destroy the Protes-
tant Church. And as no legislative enactment preju-
dicial to the rights of the Protestant Church has flowed,
or seems likely to flow, from the continuance in office
of these inefficient statesmen, the swelling menace
would seem as unnatural as it is insolent and sedi-
tious, but that, to atone for the absence of legisla-
tive hostility to Protestantism in Ireland, the Execu-
tive Government in that country has placed Protes-
tants under a kind of social ban ; has practically inter-
dieted them from aspiring to serve their country in any
public capacity for which a Papist, qualified or un-
qualified, can be found ; has cut asunder as many as
possible of the links which have hitherto connected
the State with the Protestant Church in Ireland ; and,
in a word, has made rapid strides towards reviving
against the Protestants of Ireland the mortifying and
degrading exclusions of the penal code, from which the
Roman Catholics of that coun•ry have been progres •
sively relieved by the growth of Protestant liberality.
When it is found that the alliance between Ministers
and the rebel agitators of Ireland, of which the legisla-
tive robbery of the Protestant Church was the founda-
tion, and its spoil the anticipated subsidy, still subsists
in all, and more than all, its original force, although the
robbery is seen to be impracticable, the inference is not
dish, that an equivalent, in some other form, for the pro-
mised bribe, must be in regular course of payment. It
scarcely requires any better evidence to convince ally man
who is an impartial and dispassionate observer of the
position of the various parties, that the equivalent thus
rendered is at the expense of the Protestants of Ire-
land, nor will any observer of this description feel sur-
prise that in such circumstances the Protestants of

Ireland should appear before the Legislature to coin-
plain of injury and insult, and to petition for redress.
The injury sustained by the Protestants of Ireland
will, however, be substantiated before the House of

Lords by proofs, direct, abundant, and umanswerable,
showing that all, arid more than all, is matter of sub-
stantial fact, which, if nothing; were known but the
close alliance between the Administration and the
bitter enemies of Protestantism, would-have been mat-
ter only of reasonab:e suspicion and legitimate infer-
ence.—Morning Post.

As long as the fate or Greenacre remained to be
finally decided upon by the King in Council, we ab-
stained from Making any observations. on the case, be-
cause, not being able to say anything favourable to the
culprit, and not thinking it proper to make any obser-
vations that might be prejudicial to a human. being in
his dreadful situation, we resolved to observe a chari-
table silence. The fate of the culprit being now fixed,
presents the necessity of our remaining silent any
longer. The crime of murder is bad enough under any
circumstances—we mean of course the crime of pre-
meditated and deliberate murder ; but there are some
instances of that crime, which occasionally occur, that,
from their peculiar atrocity, and the horrible or dis-
gusting incidents by which they ar2 accompanied,
throw all other offences of the same tarne into the
shade. The murder of Hannah Brown is one of those
cases, the circumstances of which are so revolting—
so appalling to the imagination and the feelings, that it
is calculated to fix the stigma of barbarism upon a civi-
lised people, for crimes of this enormity always affect.
in some degree the national character. Such was the.
crime of Cooke, who, a few years ago, ensnared and mur-
dered his creditor-Mr. Paas, cut the body to pieces, and
endeavoured to get rid of the mangled memorials of
his guilt, by consuming the remains of his victim
upon a quick fire—a scene 'which seemed to realise
even the diabolical horrors of German romance. For that
crime Cooke was sentenced to 1 e hanged in chains, that
his body, as it rotted in the sun and wind of
heaven, might be a risible and terrible warning to
deter others from similar crimes. We protested against
the revival of the posthumous punishment of the gib-
.bet in the 19th century—a punishment unworthy of
civilized justice, because it wreaks an impotent
re-
venge upon the lifeless body of the criminal, and
un-
der pretence of abhorring barbarity, practices bar-
barism l—spectacles of abomination committed in the
name of justice, disgust the good and the humane,
only serve to render . the temper of the cruel more
cruel, and the passions of the bad more brutal. So
we argued when Cooke was sentenced to be hanged
in chains, and the result proved the correctness of our
foregone conclusion. Scarcely was the body, with all
the -disgusting preparation for making the spectacle en-
.dure, suspended upon the gibbet, when the lowest
and worst of the rabble of Leicester congregated
around it as a centre of attraction, and actually on
Sunday established a sort of gibbet Air, drinking, gin
and playing cards, while death in its 'most hideous
form glaring down upon them only gave additional
zest to their horrible revelry. The respectable inha-
b:tants of Leicester were obliged to memorialise the
Hume-office to get rid of the abomination. The nui-
sance which a mistaken sense of justice had inflicted
upon their city, public policy found it necessary to re-
move. The body was taken down and buried, the
experiment of the Whig Ministers to revive a
barbarous practice was as unsuccessful as all
such experiments ought to be—verlying to the
utmost of our prediction. In former times, or
even At the later time to which we anode: Green-

acre would have been sentenced to rot upon a
gibbet. Courts of justice can no longer express their ab-
horrence of an atrocious act of homicide, by so disgust-
ing a practice. The body of the murderer is now or-
dered to be interred within the preci►scts of the prison.
We exerted ourselves to get the gibbet law repealed,
and it no longer disgraces the statute•book. We were
indebted to Mr. Ewart for successfully taking up the
question in Parliament. Greenacre has had the be-
nefit of another law for which we struggled—the law
which abolished the precipitate execution of the mur-
derer within forty-eight hours after judgment pro-
nounced. TO Mr. Aglionby the public are indebted
for carrying a Bill to that effect through Parliainept.
What was our object in proposing and advocating that
alteration in the law ? We had a twofold object. We
wished to give time for persons unjustly convicted, to
adduce proofs of their intocence, and to afford to the
guilty a little time to prepare for death, and to endea-
vour to make their peace with Heaven. The law which
ordered the person convicted of murder to he executed
within forty-eight hours, was a passionate and re-
vengeful law. In its eagerness to make the example
as impressive as possible, by following closely on
the sentence, it overlooked altogether the possible
fallibility of human tribunals. It left no time for
the reparation of a fatal mistake, and it was reck-
less of destroying the souls of guilty men, in put-
ting their bodies to death. We have said that Green=
acre has had ,the benefit of this improvement in the
law. Vie ought to correct that statement, and say
he might have had it. 13ut we have reason to be-
lieve that the prolonged time has neither been devoted
to obtaining proofs of his innocence, or bringing his
guilty mind to a sense of its depravity, and preparing
him for death. If any doubts had remained of his
guilt after the evidence given upon his trial and own
admissions, we should have respected the humane zeal
of those persons who, entertaining such doubts them-
selves, endeavoured to procure the means of proving
that the prisoner was the victim of a hasty and pre-
judiced decision ; but we have not heard that any part
of the time which has elapsed since the prisoner's trial
has been thus employed. If we are to believe the
statements which have circulated through the Jour-
nals from day to day, and many of them have been
put forward with an air of authority, the prisoner has
been incited and encouraged to pursue a course
which could neither tend to shake the public con-
viction of his guilt, nor prepare him for the awful
change which he is about to undergo. Day after
day has he been engaged in adding one sin to an-
other, by stringing together with much cunning, but
with discretion, palpable and unavailing falsehoods.
We fear that some officious, intermeddling, and not very
wise people, have encouraged hopes in the prisoner
which the fond love of life, to a person in his situation,
would naturally exaggerate, and that he has neglected
the precious moments which ought to have been given
to religious purposes, in his vain efforts to make a per-
severance in fiction, tantamount to proof of guilt.
Upon this subject the Globe of last night had some
judicious observations, of which we cannot avoid
quoting a portion, as exceedingly appropriate and de-
serving of extensive circulation. We adopt these sen-
timents with the more pleasure, because on the subject
of criminal law reform, we had formerly a good deal of
controversy with the Globe, butive believe our views
on that question are not so much at variance as they
formerly were. Our Evening Contemporary says :
" The prolongation of the period which is allotted to a
convicted murderer, between his sentence and the execu-
tion of it, was a just as well as a merciful measure ; as was
fully proved on the first conviction (we believe) which took
place after it was enacted, when the respite thus afforded
enabled one of the accused to adduce such evidence sub-
sequent to the trial as has thrown very great doubt at least
on his participation in the act. But if it continues to be
misused as grossly as it now appears to be, under the
authority and permission of official personages in the city
of London, we shall be tempted to think the scandal and
mischief attending it a serious counterpoise to its good effects.
"We allude to the case of Greenacre, and-the disgust-
ing details which the press every day furnishes us of his
conversation and mode of life, in that last and solemn in-
terval which is now allowed him. The Sheriff and his offi-
cials appear to-take vast credit to themselves for their strict
surveillance over the unhappy prisoner, and the careful
manner in which he is watched and guarded, in order that
he may be forthcoming on the day appointed ; while at the
same time they evince the most utter neglect (if the news-
papers are to be believed) of the solemnity, not to say the
decency, due to his situation. They seem to keep him
as a sort of monster to be exhibited as a particular fa-
vour, first to their private friends, and next to such
persons of quality as may choose to honour them by
applications for the purpose. And we are sorry to see
that men of station and character are so infected by
the vulgar appetite for horrors, as to profit by this
most unjustifiable indulgence. While the mob without
are gratifying. their own less unfeeling curiosity by gaz-
ing on hideous pictures of the murder, buying up dying-
speeches and confessions, and paying their shillings for
admission to the real house' where the act was performed,
and carrying away such relics as they can lay their hands
on—noblemen and gentlemen are introduced one by one to
hold long conversations with the prisoner, discussing with
this consummate villain his religious opinions, and listening
with vast satisfaction to his self-complacent details, full of
all the vanity which always most strongly characterises the
most atrocious criminals, respecting his former life and the
horrible event itself. A list of the:names of these distin-
guished viiiters appeared in the Sunday papers ; we have
❑o wish to recapitulate them."

In commenting the other day upon the trial of the
French assassin Meunier and the persons whom he
accuses, we alluded to the evil consequences which re-
sult from the monstrous taste that even in the metropolis
of this great nation, makes great criminals the objects of
extraordinary attraction, and lavishes a dangerous cele-
brity upon their crimes. The public folly has been
carried in this respect to a most extravagant pitch in
regard to Greenacre, and his miserable concubine Gale.
In allusion to that public folly, and the Monstrous taste
of persons whose station and education ought to induce
one to expect that they would set better examples to the
people, the observations of the Globe are not too se-
vre. lithe accounts of the interviews between Green-
acre and such persons which- have circulated through
the press for some time past, are only partly true, we
must say that to make Newgate a show-box like the
menagerie of the Tower, where people go to see
" lions" and " other monsters," is a great disgrace to
the Corporation of London. We hope this is the last
time the right feeling and good sense of the better dis-
posed portion of the pubic will be allowed to be
shocked by niakino. the cell of a condemned criminal
a sort of place of exhibition, where select patties
are admitted by magisterial showmen to the privileged
qualification of their curiosity at the " private view."
Now let us advert to another topic—the-approaching
execution of tile criminal—the public have not now to
learn what our opinions arc as to punishments of blood
and their demoralising effects upon the multitude, of
which strong practical evidence was afforded in Pegs-
worth's case ; but this is not the topic which we are
about to discuss. The intense and extraordinary in-
terest excited by the crime of Greenacre, and the mu-
tilation and distribution about various parts of the'town
of the body of his victim, make us fear that some la-
mentable occurrence may take place at his execution,
on account of the pressure of the immense multitude
which, it is anticipated, will be drawn together, as to
so-::e popular pastime of more than ordinary attrac-
tion. Need we remind the public that at the execu-
tion of two criminals in front of Newgate, named
Holloway and Haggarty, about thirty years ago,
the pressure of the crowd was so great that
eighteen or twenty persons were suffocated or train-
pled to death on the spot, and a great number
of wounded carried to St. Bartholomew's Hos-
pital, of whom many subsequently died, making the
number that perished by that dreadful catastrophe not
less, we believe, than thirty ? Thus did they who
eagerly rushed, as to a melo-dramatic show, to enjoy
the dying agonies of two of their fellow-creatures, in-
flict similar agonies on each other. Let us remind the
authorities that Greenacre, being a criminal from Sur-
rey, ought to be executed at Horsemonger-lane, the
proper place of execution for Surrey. It is not likely
so great a crowd would collect there as may be anti-
cipated if the execution takes place amid the dense po-
pulation of the city. For our own part, we should
not dislike, either, that those amateurs in the " pastime
of hanging," of both sexes, who have hired panes of
glass at the windows opposite the place of execution,
should be disappointed of their expected " treat," and
left to lament that they had paid their money and had
not " seen the show." Such depravity of taste is
very closely allied to depravity of rowels. They, whose

pleasutes are barbarous and cruel, must set little value
on the virtues of eivilizatiou.—illorning Herald.

PROSPECTS OF TORYISM.

( From the Pilot.

REPRESENTATION OF THE CITY OF LONDON-

DERRY.

That Toryism is generally corruption and deceit in its
very essence, few who know the workings of that. party will
be apt to deny ; but that it smut times, rarely to be sure,
but still sometimes, is the offspring of fanaticism, or a de-
fective notio❑ of what really is sound principle, is equally
true. If Toryism has its Peels and Lyndhursts, the Jona-
than Wilds and Ikey. Solomons of a political faction—it
has also its Kenyons and Newcastles, who arc the dupes of
designing men, and who, while 1 hey are treading the devious
path of error in the shadow and darkness of a pitiable
and are, in reality, the unitspoeting calamities of society,
think themselves, good easy souls, the paragons of perfec-
tion—the benefactors of the human race. Who does not
detest such Machiavels—such trading impostors as the
Peels and the Lyndhursts, who, to attain their own objects
of ambition or emolument, would (rise a people over to all
the horrors of a civil war," and shut the gates of mercy on
mankind Who does not pity such a creature as poor
old Kenyon, the plundered dupe of a party—the cat's paw
of the intriguing and unprincipled Fairman, when you be-
hold him, like Daniel in the lion's den, or to employ a
better simile, like Humphrey in prison, preaching honesty
and benevolence to an auditory composed of pickpockets
and burglars ? ,

Peel is decidedly the most unprincipled political trickster
—it would be an abuse of language to call him a statesman
—of modern times. Deprive him of a frothy and sophis-
tical power of declamation, which no person of the least
discernment would characterise as oratory when placed be-
side the glorious and soul-stirring efforts of a Fox, a Burke,
a Sheridan, or a Grattan—take away from him that
Sioface candour, the value of which is now tolerably well
understood and appreciated by the sensible portion of the
community of all sects and parties, and Peel sinks down
to a very mediocre individual.
Sir Robert Peel has a brother-in-law, and this brother-
in-law glories in being thought the double of his would-be
illustrious relative. In some particulars we will confess that
George Robert Dawson, the ci-devant Derry Dawson,whose
reputation, unlike " the light of other (lays," produces no very
pleasant reminiscences, has succeeded in many particulars in
achieving the object of his ambition. Shuffling and insincere,
a blustering bragadocia, with about as superficial a head as
ever graced the shoulders of the most wretched red-tape man—
" Judas Dawson," as the Standards and Mails used to desig-
nate him, is not a bad imitator, it must be allowed, of all that
we diselver contemptible without a scintilla of the talent,
slight as it is, of Surface Peel. At a time when the Irish
Court was a scene of vice and frivolity that might have com-
pared with its Galilean rival in the days of Bourbon volup-
tuousness, and when the Lady Clares and Cahirs, and the
Madame Dawsons, at an humble distance, endeavoured to
imitate the Pompadours of another country, by amusing the
leisure hours of the Duke of Buckingham and his gay com-
panions, with the relaxations of the "cucha-cuchoo," the light
of day dawned upon young Dawson. Well trained up in the
wayhe should go, in due time he appeared in pub.ic as the mock
representative of the county of Londonderry, but in reality
the nominee of the Beresford family. For years seventeen,
with a slight intermission, did he sit on the Treasury
benches of St. Stephen's, as the brawling advocate of all
that was anti-Irish, the transplanted Sir Boyle Roach of
all that was ridiculous, the bloodless Bobadil in assailing
upright and retiring men, and pocketed some 60 or 70,000/.
of the public money, in the shape of salary, without ever
performing one act for the country in general or the locality
which sent him to Parliament worth recording—without
delivering himself of one speech, or rather rigmarole, that
he himself and his friends ought not to wish to be buried in
oblivion, a fate that most assuredly has already befallen all
his senatorial harangues. During this period he has been a
complete " Jim Crow," as a politician—leaped from one ex-
treme to the other, and with an alacrity quite amazing, save
to one of his versatile powers, alternately took up and aban-
doned the same set of principles. Yet, gracious heaven, this
is the very man (Ohl most consistent and honest Toryism)
that at the present moment is seekinc, the sweet voices of a
more motley group of electors in Londonderry, consisting of
high Tories, lbw Radicals, Orangemen, Roman Catholics,
publicans, and sinners, than ever figured on this " spot
called earth," since the days that honest Sir John Falstal
refused to march with the ragged regiment through Co-
ventry. But he is a most melancholy specimen of a Tory
adventurer, a most cheerful index of Tory prospects—as a
proof of which we have only to declare that our old friend
the Londonderry Journal, which we suppose we must call a
Whig, abuses him tooth and nail, while its antagonist, the
Derry Sentinel, a Conservative print, throws him not one
crumb of comfort ; and a third, the Londonderry Standard
a personification of the " Little Pedlington Observer," whose
peaceful motto was—
Each party to please, and each difference to smother,
What in one line we state, we deny in another--
Blows hot and cold, a happy illustration of the fable of the
man and the satyr. We must tear ourselves away from
this subject to-day ; but it will be only to return to it with
renewed vigour, when we shall use our lash with an equal
hand upon the base Orangeman and degenerate Radical,
who, deserting all principle, could coalesce to support
George Robert Dawson.

Dr. Flanklin observes that the only animals created
to drink water are those who, from their conformation, are able
to lap it on the surface of the earth ; whereas all those who can
carry their hands to their mouths were destined to enjoy the
juice of the grape.
Great distress prevails in the glove trade in Worces-
ter, a large number of hands being out of employ, and, with
their families, suffering great privations. It is most honour-
able to the workmen employed by Messrs. Dent, that they have
contributed 261. for the relief of their distressed brethren, and
Messrs. Dent have given 301. for the same purpose. Since
the introduction of French gloves the number of master manu-
facturers in Worcester, which in 1826 was 140, has declined
to 68. Of these, with more than one-third, the demand is so
limited that they cannot venture to employ any hands but their
own apprentices. The distress of the case is infinitely height-
ened by the fact that, besides numbers who once, as masters,
knew better days, and are now in the decline of life, a large
portion of the sufferers are females, and have, upon every ground
of feeling and morality, a strong claim upon the consideration
of the public.
There is no improvement in the demand for goods ;
and the disastrous accounts received from America, within the
last few days, almost exclude the hope of any shipping orders
for this season. The home trade, although dull, is not in that
stagnant condition that the London and shipping trade now is ;
and those manufacturers engaged in supplying the home mar-
-1 ket, have turned off comparatively few workmen. We do not
expect that we shall have much improvement before July or
August. Little or nothing is doing in wool ; short wools are
lower, but long combing wools maintain their present prices
better. Cotton yarn, of the lower qualities, has been reduced
n the past week 2s the 10Ib. bundle.—Leicester Chronicle.
There are many physicians, it is well known, in
Paris, who give advice to the poor gratuitously. One of them,
of extensive practice, frequently noticed an individual among
his patients whose dress and appearance bespoke the most ab-
ject misery, but whose manner of expressing himself showed
that he had moved in a different sphere. The physician,
having attended to his disorder for some time, at length told
him that he considered it removed, and showing him a register,
pointed out to bins two lists, one for those who paid, and the
other for those whose poverty would not enable them to do so,
and asked him on which he would wish his name to be in.
scribed. " Good God," replied the apparent beggar, " you
easily perceive that I inn not rich." " Sir," replied the
doctor, you are M. X—; you possess an income of
100,000 fr. ; you owe me 50 Louis, which you may pay me or
not, as you choose ; but if you do not pay me, the whole City
of Paris shall be informed of your conduct. The next day the
pretended beggar called at the doctor's house in a superb
equipage. The Chodruc Ducks of the former day was now
metamorphosed into a man of fashionable appearance and man-
ners. '• Doctor," said he, " here are two notes of I,ooof.
each ; be discreet."

On Thursday an extraordinary and distressing acci-
dent occurred at Lochrin Distillery, Edinburgh, by the giving
way of a building which was of great extent, and supposed to
be very safely and substantially erected. The premises were
five floors high, and contained a large quantity of grain, viz.,
from three to four thousand quarters of barley arid malt. About
one o'clock in the afternoon, the workmen in the distillery and
the inhabitants around were alarmed by a report like thunder;
but nothing could be seen for some time but thick clouds of
' dust. As soon as the persons about the establishment recovered
from their alarm and confusion, it was discovered that there
were four men in the building when it gave way—two on the
ground floor, and two on the first floor, and that they were
buried in the ruins. About twenty others hail only a short
time before the accident left that to go to another part of the
premises. About a hundred men were immediately set to
work to remove the grain and rubbish, which lay in a confused
mass upon the unfortunate sufferers, and one of the bodies was
soon discovered, quite dead. It appeared that he had been
almbst immediately suffocated, and two of the others were sub-
sequently found, but one is
.i, still missing. Their names arc
Adam Garvie, John Balman
Marcus Meiklcjohn, and John
Cooper. The building, which in a moment thus became a
heap of ruins, had all the appearance of being a most substan-
tial erection, and, like the other granaries on the premises, had
a number of iron beams carried through the walls, and strongly
bolted on the outside ; yet with all this apparent security, and
without the slightest indication, it suddenly yielded to the
superincumbent weight, and fell to the ground, carrying with
it devastation and death. Several small houses near it were
crushed to atoms, and many persons had almost teiraeulous
escapes, but no persons besides the four men mentioned lost
their lives. The top of the wall in falling broke in the roof of
a building containing several large copper boilers, and knocked
in one of the largest of them, capable of containing 70,000 or
80,000 gallons. One man saved himself by taking refuge
under a furnace fire, though in imminent danger of being
scalded to death by the water which escaped from the fractured
coner,—Abridged from the Caiedonion Affrofrk

AMENDMENT OF THE MARRIAGES

AND REGISTRATION ACTS.

A. Bill has been in'.rodu;!cd into Parliament. It begin'r
.
in its enaeting part by explaining, that wherever mentions`
made of any notice, or of the Registrar's certificate of ant
notice, the same shall be construed respectively to mean the
notice to be given to the Superintendent Registrar, and the
certificate thereof tc be issued by the Superintendent 111'
gistrar.
entry ltfurtherofd a
tennea enacts,
after
et,.11 the
irth acertificatel b
co fseannty4dg tei oan
es!
gistrar or Superintendent Registrar, as the case may be Os°
whom the Minister's certificate shall have been
according to the provisions of the said Act) to the Reistrar'
General.
It provides that Superintendent Registrars undulY;•ibs;
suing licences for the solemnization of marriage!, st'3ll
guilty of felony. •
Clause 4 corrects a clerical err -, and gubstitutes in the.
Act " offence" for " offender."
By clause 5, the Registrar-General's certificate of frivir
delivered
lous caveat is to be evidence in the recovery of costs. .
Clause 6 fixes the commencement of the marine ragas'
ter-book after the last day of June now next ensuing.
Clause 7 allots extra-parochial places in Registrars
tricts, according to the direction of the Registrar-Genera'.
with the consent of the Poor-law Commissioners.
By the Bth clause the Registrar-General is authorised te
unite districts ; and by the 9th he may divide par°ehi'
Unions.
By the 10th, it is enacted that if Guardians neglect
form Registrar's districts, Poor Law Commissioners or
form them.
If the Guardians neglect to fill up vacancies, the ItegAn
trar-General (by the 11th clause) is authorised to
" •
them up.
The 19. th clause empowers the Guardians to b°11:
money for providing Register Offices ; and by the
clause;if they neglect to provide a Register Office, Re
trar-General may direct it to be provided.
By the 14th, the Registrar-General is to limit the oust'
ber of Registrars of Marriage.
The 15th enacts that the costs of Parochial garrhm
Register, and other books and forms, shall be paid by
churchwardens out of the moneys in their hands apPli6"
to providing the requisites for Divine Service.
The certified copies of register books (are by the 10
directed) to be made quarterly ; and by the 17th, the
nalty for neglecting to send certifiedcopies of registerbn°o
for one calendar month, to forfeit a sum not exceeding to

pounds.
The 18th, and last clause, enacts that every person 11,1,r
fore whom, by the said Acts, or either of them, an oa .
is directed to be taken, is authorized to administer tb
same.

" The leaves of the cactus-bush," says M
Thomas Campbell, in his interesting letters from the Soros
" are thickly covered with prickles, which, when they get Pif,
animal flesh, are with difficulty coaxed out of it." "
fecting story," he adds, " is told of a Dutch family who I', fo
country house near this city ( Algiers.) In the house the,,
were five plump, interesting daughters, who, in an evil h°w..
gave their garments to be washed to an ignorant Europ;
laundress. She hung them them out to dry on these -Pri
bushes, and such evils were entailed on the lovely a
we rers fog,
them, that they could neither sit nor recline with comfort,
a Week or two afterwards." To apply this tale. The Clef,
arc fond of speaking of the Church under the similituee
of a vine; for our parts, we think the cactus-bush a °di
apt emblem. To a Dutch fatness our Divines generallY
the peculiar sensibility of Englishmen as to discomfort, $O,
they seem all at this moment to wear garments with cleat
prickles plentifully concealed in them. Each of them has °t o
than one thorn in his flesh. The Bishops sit on thorns in
os
House of Lords, and are every instant starting up to giv° leof
to their irritability. The leanest of them appears as uneo
as the mast fleshy : Dr. Philpotts, for example, who see, bi
possessed of the very demon of disquiet, to be exorcised cell
a summons to a richer see—Devonport Independent.
COUNTY-RATES.—On Wednesday last, at 11°°°'
a well-attended public meeting of the owners and oceuPiert
of land in Leicestershire was held in the Nisi Prins Court
the Castle, to take into consideration the propriety of Peibo
tionin,g Parliament in favour of vesting in the rate-payers:el
power of electing the parties by whom County-rates are lerl.
and expended. A requisition (signed by persons of 0pe",,,„10
politics) had been presented to Sir Arthur Grey Hazzlerigv
Bart., the High Sheriff, praying him to call the moll
but the Hon. Baronet declined to accede to this request. lied
the Committee appointed by the requisitionists then aPP::ch
to the County Magistrates for the use of the Castle, in w"I
to assemble independently of the Sheriff. The Magistrates.
consented.—Leicester Chronicle.—[The object of the meetiol
i,
was to support the introduction of that representative Pigt",,
ciple into the management of the county fund which o'o
Hume unsuccesfully brought forward for adoption in the HOl/ '
of Commons.]

Our eastern county members, and some other m-0r:,.,
bers, waited oa the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturn
to try to obtain a further postponement of the collection'
the hop duty. The answer they received was, that the C 131;
cellor of the Exchequer had lately refused similar applicatio a
made by some of the great interests of the country, and ;
he could not consistently with his duty assent to any fart,
postponement ; but that he was ready to entertain the quwo
tion against another year as to whether any alteration 013
be made of the times of payment, so as to render them 0)°0 ,4,
convenient to the hop planter, without risking any loss to t""
revenue.—Sussex Advertiser.
A letter from Boulogne-sur-Mer says—c, The
from England arrived here three days this week between 0-0
and ten o'clock in the morning. Vessels can enter bet
the jetties five and six hours after high water, which showsito,
decided excellence of this port. It appears that the Eng.,lll,
mail-packets are no longer under the direction of the P""
office, but under the Admiralty, who have sent an officer t°11;
side at Dover to superintend them. Since this changa tdi.
packets always steer for Boulogne when they fear any illWeli
ment at Calais. If this system is adopted, letters will or
-
miss or be delayed."
P
HALF-PAY.---The following is a scale of the galf
pay of military officers belonging to the vark,us Power' °
Europe :
• Sub- Lieutenants.—France, minimum 6001., rneal—dattOf
1;000f. ; England, 1,360 f. ; Austria, 520 f. ; Bavaria,
Spain, 840 f. ; Hesse, 7041. ; Netherlands, 756 f. ; pi°
4451. ; Russia, 1,300 f. ; Wurtemberg, 1,315 f. not;
Lieutenants.—France, minimum 8001., maximum
England, 1,825 f. ; Austria, 5201. ; Bavaria, 1,3001. ;
1`1341. ; Hesse, 8971. ; Netherlands, 8641. ; Prussia, o'r"
Russia, 1,600 f. ; Wurtemberg, 9,495 f.
„t pit
Captains.—France, min. 1,500 f., max. 2,000 f. ; rANlig;
3,194 f. ; Austria, 1,560 f. ; Bavaria, 2,600 f. ; Spain, 1, 1.,j
Hesse, 2,757 f. ; Netherlands, 1,7281. ; Prussia,
Russia, 1,700 f. ; Wurtenibur,g, 9,295 f. mot;
Chefs de Battalion.—France, min. 1,5001., max. A,--„tie
England, 4,344 f. ; Austria, 2,0801. ; Bavaria, 3,380 f. • .raiM
-
1,944 f. ; Hesse, 3,871 f; Netherlands, 2,160 f. ;
1,8551. ; Russia, 2,080 f. ; Wurteinbcrg, 14458 f.
400 t!
Lieutenant-Colonels.—France, min. 1,8001., max. `2,-naiti,
England, 5,0191. ; Austria, 2,600 f. ; Bavaria, 3,900 f. ;
2,106 f. ; Hesse, 4,753 f. ; Netherlands, 2,592 f. ; Pc"-
1,8571. ; Russia, 2,400 f. ; Wortemberg, 2,868 f.
11104
Colonels —France, min. 2,4001., max. 3,000 f. ; 11:"„gr,sr,i
6,806 f. ; Austria, 3,1301. ; Bavaria, 4,6801. ; Spain. 2,
slip
Hesse, 5,521 f. ; Netherlands, 3,240 f. ; Prussia, 2,875; Kti"
3,200 f. ; Wurtemberg, 4,5901.
sor
Major- Generals.— Fi ance, min. 3,0001., max 4,000..r ;Horse,
land, 11,407 f. ; Austria, 5,200 f. ; Spain, 3,2501. ; r,;5111
8,7361. ; Netherlands. 5,184 f. ; Prussia, 4,1731. ; "
B,ooof. ; Wurtemberg, 6,835 f.
nog;
Lieutenant- Generals. —France, min. 4,0001.,
England, 14,600 f. ; Austria, 7,8001. ; Spain, 7,500 f. ; 0"0,5- int
9,890 f. ; Netherlands, 6,480 f. ; Prussia, 5,107 f. ; '
10,684. ; Wurtemberg, 8,973 f,

_ "f •
PLATED CORNER DISO 00,
with Strong- Silver Edges and Handles.—A Set of Four .002
Corner Dishes and Covers are offered, complete, for Eight qui 01,
or a set with richly ornamented Edges, Handles, &c., for leugig
neas. The Handles take off the Covers ; the set thus forra,ol •
Dishes when required. T. COX SAVORY'S, Workin?: u ,
mith, Silversmith, and Watchmaker, 47, Cornhill, London. , 4000
N.B. A variety of Secondhand Watches may be selected '
all price Two Guineas each, Warranted.

. C.
,tai-
„
