SLAVERY.

Dr. LUSHINGTON presented the petition of a
famale slave, named Mary, in behalf of herself and
fellow slaves, praying for the abolition of slavery
throughout our Colonies in the West Indies.
Mr. HUME presented the petition of the bur-
gesses of the borough of Tralee, complaining of the
infraction of their rights and liberties, of the various
abuses practised in the borough, and concluding
with a complaint of a late undue election of a Mem-
ber to serve for the borough in the person of Mr.
Chas. Vernon Smith. The Hon. Member also pre-
sented a similar petition from the inhabitants of
Tralee.—The consideration of these petitions. wits
fixed for this day month.
PETITION OF A CONVICT.
Mr. HUME then presented a petition which he
said he should not have expected to have received
from a member of the legal profession, who could
hardly be supposed not to know that it was out of
the province of the House to interfere in a case such
as his. The petition was from Richard Radford
Roe, who had been convicted on subornation of per-
jury, and sentenced to seven years' transportirion.
He represented the prosecution to be the result of a
conspiracy against him, and prayed the House would
inquire into his case,
i and give time to him t, pro.
duce proofs of his innocence. The petition was
signed on board a convict ship in Dubin-bay, ready
to set out on her voyage to New South NVales. The
Home Secretary, he was happy to be able to ac-
knowledge, had pledged hinlscif to take the rive
into consideration.
Dr. LUSHINGTON opposed the practice of per.
milting persons legally tried and convicted before a
criminal Judge, to asperse their accusers and arraign
their
uNlldVgoieu:lAd.m. tlarkdei
so:i'ai placets:nweihttialoi:l.i'iteititd: entailingsacc:viroccealoa:c the
on-
viction
House a petition as a matter of course.
the
propriety of the interference of the House,—Peti-
tion laid on the table.

SMUGGLING.
The latter lion. Member presented the petition
of Mrs. Bernard Ross, of Billiter-square, praying
for the repeal of the excessive duties of foreign spi-
rits, which i❑ some instances exceeded 9004 per
cent. on the article imported, and had the effect of
injuring every fair trader, and offering irresistible in.
ducements to the smuggler to evade the revenue and
" tan" the spirits clandestinely into this country,--
Laid on the table.

He then, after remarking that returns had been
made byte Bishops of England and Wales to the
King of the number of clergy, curates, as well as
others in their diocese, whether resident or other.
wise, from the year 1810 to 1815 inclusive, -moved
that similar :.eturns be made for the years since in-
terveniug.
Also returns of the number of churches and elm-
pels of ease of the Established Church, the number
of places of worship not connected with the Church
of England.

Also the numbi.,: of licensed curates, whether re-
sident or otherwise, with the amount of their salaries
according to the diocesan returns.—Ordered.
He gave also notice he should on Monday move
for a return of the number of Archdeacons of Eng-
land and Wales, distinguishing such as were reside;.lt
from non-resiclants.

ARMOURY IN THE TOWER.
Also a return of the gross amount of fees taken
for showing the Royal Armoury in the Tower of
London. These fees he had long considered a (4i-
grace to the Government. They had lately been
doubled in Colonel Stapleton's time, and amounted
to near 3,000/. a year. This was the only capital
in the world which had been subjected to so dis-
graceful an extortion.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
said, he would have no objection to such a return,
and the retuens were ordered for the years 18,11,
1820, and 1828.,
Mr. PROTHER:OE moved for ieturns calcu-
lated, as he expressed, his motion, to ascertain the
testame"tary powers u!td jurisdictiop o officers en-
gaged iu official registration of devises.—Orderid.
LABOURING CLASSES.
Mr. SADLER gave notice he should, esrly next
Session, bring before the House a motion relative to
a project for Elio better regulation and management.

•
of the labotning and poorer classes oF his NhijePty's
snbjects.

CHILDREN OF SLAVES.
Mr. OTWAN CAVE, on piesenting a petition
from Leicestershire, and after making a few obser-
vations on the illegality of enslaving British born sub-
jects, stated, that from what had come to his know-
ledge of the very strong feeling throughout the coun-
try In favour of the Resolutions which he had lately
the honour of submitting to the House, he felt it to
be his duty, in deference to that feeling, to perse-
vere in his efforts in again bringing forward that
measure, notwithstanding the unfavourable vote
which the House had come to upon it. He therefore
gave notice, that -early in the next Session, he would
renew his motion for the protection in their rights,
as British subjects, of all negro children born after a
certain thy within the Icing's dominions.
Mr. M. CHOLMONDELEY expressed his great
regret at not having been present when his Hon.
Friend's motion was brought forward, as he should
have been proud and happy to have given it his
humble support.
Colonel DAVIES gave notice, he should _next
Session draw the attention of the House to the sub-
ject of prison discipline and secondary classes of
punishment.
The House then went into Committee on Stork's
Divorc Bill. Evidence was heard at the bar of the
House. The report was ordered to be brought up
on Monday.
The House adjourned at ten minutes past Eight
o'clock.

NEW LONDON BRIDGE APPROACHES'
BILL.

COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF LORDS.
On the assembling of the Committee yesterday afternoon,
Mr. JOY, as Counsel for the parishes of St. Magnus and
St. Margaret, which claimed compensation, withdrew his
opposition. If any alteration were made in the Bill, by
the introduction of any proposed new Clause in it, while
in that Committee, the Bill must be lost, and the under-
taking delayed. He had, therefore, consented to withdraw
from any further opposition, on a distinct understanding
that a new Bill would be introduced next Session, in
which there would be an opportunity given for the full
hesring of his clients, and the admission of whatever secu-
rities fur compensation they might prove themselves entitled
to. He consented because he considered that his clients
could sustain no injury from the delay.
The 3larquis of LONDONDERRY, in behalf of the other
parishes which were in a like situationnot the l --and although they
had not appeared by Counsel, were ess to
their Lordships' consideration--consented to waive further
opposition. He did so upon the same understanding as
that expressed by the Learned Counsel.
Mr. Ttroasiumr.., on behalf of the inhabitants of the
Ward of Bridge, cheerfully consented to hold over their
cause until the next igession, when he was sure, from the
patient attention which he had already received, they would
then receive from their Lordships the best consideration of
their ca,e—and that whatever they proved themselves en-
titled to would be cheerfully awarded to them.
The Duke of WELIINGTOIC, and several others of his
Majesty's Ministers, expressed their assent, and the parties

APPROACHES TO THE NEW LONDON BRIDGE

BILL.

Memorandum of an Agreement between Edward Tyrell.
Rememlirancer, and other Gentlemen, on the part o'
the city of London, and Mr. Gregson, on the part of
the Coal-owners petitioning against the Bill, now pend-
ing in the House of Lords, for making Approaches
to London Bridge:-
1. The city to enter into an engagement with the
Lards of the Treasury, not to proceed in the execution of
the plan for the approaches, without the previous consent
of the Treasury, and only under such limitations as they
may direct.
2. That by a Bill to be brought into Parliament in the
next Session, all the duties, revenues, and rent-charges
now constituting the income of the Orphans Fund, shall
be made applicable to defray the expenditure of these ap-
proaches, from the time whe❑ those funds shall have been
liberated from the charges to which they are now appi o-

priated.
B. That in addition to these funds the city shall contri-
bute to this service one-half of the clear profits which may
arise to them from the tolls, &cc., of Fleet-market.
4. That the revenues of the Bridge-house Estates shall
be made liable to the same charges, to the extent to which
any sums can be raised upon the credit of the rentals for
that purpose, awl by application of any surplus of those
rentals after satisfying the prior charges upon them.
5. That in addition to the charge fur making the ap-
proaches to the bridge, the sum of 250,0001. in respect of
alterations and improvements in Fleet-market shall be
charged upon the funds abovementioned.
Upon this arrangement and agreement the Bill to pro.
seed without amendment.
(Signed)

E. TYRELL,
June 17. JOHN GREGSON
This agreement was entered into and signed in the
presence of J. C. HERRIES.
June 17.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS DAT,

FROM LLOYD'S.

-•-- -
DEAL, JUNE 19.—Wind S:W. to W.S.W.—Arrived
the Sarah, from the South Seas.
Pr,v3torTn, JUNE 18.—Wind variable.—Arrived the
Brittania, Lockyer, from Hamhurgh.
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE I9.—Wind S.W. to S.E.—Ar-
rived the Bolivar, Martin, from Madeira.
FAI4LOUTII, JUNE l6.—Wind N.N.W.—Arrived the
Sardwich packet, from Lisbon.
SHSERNESS, JUNE 19.—Sailed the Layton, Hurst, for
New South Wales.
MARGATE, JUNE 19.—Arrived off Port, the Duncan,
Hunt, from Bombay.
HASTINGS, JUNE 19.—Airived the Thalestra, Bony-
man, from Quebec.
BRISTOL, JUNE 19.—Arrived the Flora, Turrant, from

Smyrna.
GREENOCK, JUNE 17.—Arrived the Marcelly, Corn
ming, from Sierra Leone.
HOLYHEAD, Jtr 18.—.. Arrived the William Rath.
bone, Cudd, from Africa.

The Dourada, from China to Bombay, was abandoned
by the crew the 25th of January, near Sincapure, having
struck on the rock.
The Commercio, from Santos, was on shore at Casaccas
Bay, near Lisbon, the Slat ult.
Extract from the Agent to Lloyd's, at St. Michael's,
dated May 29 :—" His 'Majesty's ship Undaunted has
been here, and is now about the Islands cruizing, fir the
protection of British inttresti, by order of our Govern-
ment."

His MAJESTY and his distinguished visitors
after attending Ascot Heath Races on Thursday afternoon
returned to the Royal Lodge, in Windsor Park, where the,
KING gave a grand dinner. The Duke of BUCCLEUGIi
and some other Noblemen and Gentlemen, were added to
the KING'S former party. In the evening the private band
were in attendance, and played several charming pieces;
the company formed themselves into sets for quadrilles
in the course of the night. Occasional quadrilles were
followed by waltzing. Yesterday morning, at half-past
twelve o'clock, his MarEszc and visitors left the Royal
Lodge, in seven carriages and four, to attend the Races.
The Duchess of KENT honoured the per.
fermance at the Italian Opera House, for the hermit of
Mademoiselle SONTAG, on Thursday evening, with her
presence.
Several military Officers, who had been in-
vited to the grand dinner given by the Duke of WELLING-
TON. on Thursday, as being the anniversary of the battle
of Waterloo, did not arrive at his Grace's residence, in
Downing-street, till after nine o'clock, having been de-
tained on the road in returning from Ascot Races. In the
course of the evening his Grace handed to the assembled
company an etching (completed the day previous) of Mr.
WLLKIE's celebrated picture -" Chelsea Pensioners reading
the Gazette of the Battle of Waterloo," engraved by Mr.
JOHN- BURNET. The party did not separate till a late hour.
The Earl of BRECKNOCK transacted business
yesterday, at the Treasury.
A most important cause will be tried in the
Court of Common Plea: after Trinity Term. It is an
ejectment brought by Lord TEYN SIAM against Captain
TYLER, for the recovery of the manors and estates in Kent
and Staffordshire, entailed upon Lola Tsyr:Ham by the
marriage settlements of his grandfather in I 713, and again
upon the marriage of his uncle, the father of the late
Lord Tavisnaal, and for the recovery of all rents, profits,
and value of woods sold sere the death of the late Lord in
septereber, 1624.—rKentish.rqozette.
