vereii. The expences relating to foteign Ordets had by constant
custom been paid by the country whenever foreigners or mem-
bers of the Royal Family had been invested with them They
were matters which could net be reasoned upon. They were dis-
tinctions of honour, and as long as they continued they ought
not to be made a burden to those on whom they were conferred.
The fees of the Clerk of the Crown and Hamper had been paid
by the public by ancient custom, but they would be looked into
in Mure.
Mr. WARBURTON defended the vote for Mr. Babbage's
scientific discovery, which was one of the Most valuable ever in-
vented. It would calculate formulae, construct the most difficult
tables with mathematical certainty, and print them when made.
The whole expence of this machine, and of the house to place it
in, would not exceed 1:1,0001., and never was money better
expended. It was expected that it would be all completed in
three years.
Mr. LENNA RD had intended to submit a motion on the sub-
ject of diplomatic expences, but finding they were so much re-
duced, as he perceived by these estimates, he would relinquish
the intention. He must observe however, that in the ex-
pences of our Ainbassador in Paris, there were included those of
five servants, Which he thought the country ought not to pay.
He also objected to the country being called upon to pay for
mourning for the household of the Ambassador on occasions of
public mourning.—(lt was here intimated that this practice was
given up.) He also objected to our having Ministers at Frank-
fort, Bavaria, Saxony, and Wirtemburg, where as the Diet was
not sitting, the Minister of Frankfort might do the duty of a
Minister to all those States.
Lord PALMERS lON said that the salary of the Ambassador
to France had been reduced from 12,000/. to 10,0001. a year. The
five servants mentioned by the lion. Member were not belong.
ing to the household of the Ambassador, but were to take care of
the house, which belonged to this country. When the proper
time came for discussing this question, he should be able to sa-
tisfy the Hon. Member that we had not too many diplomatic
agents in the German states. As to the extraordinary diplomatic
expenses, they had been reduced very considerably. In 1827,
they were 62,000/. ' • in 1823; 64,000/. ; in 18:29, 50,0001. ; and last
year, 40,0001., and he proposed to reduce them 14,000/. more.
Mr. GOULBU RN said, that when the Hon. Member (Mr.
Lennard) expressed his satisfaction at the great reduction of
these expenses, he might have glanced with some satisfaction on
those by whom those reductions were made—he meant the late
Government. It had been the endeavour of himself and his
Right Hon. Friends to reduce those expenses to as low a scale as
possible, and they had succeeded in reducing the whole of the
civil contingencies from 240,0001., which they were when they
came into office, to 60,000/.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. O'CONNELL noticed That 2,0001. was annually given tothe
sufferers in the Irish rebellion, at the rate of 301. each. He con-
sidered that a very large sum, and he could not help thinking
that many persons were receiving the benefit of the grant, who
had never suffered at all at the time of the rebellion. It was
generally believed by the people that the money was voted to
keep up an establishment of spies and informers.
Mr. STANLEY said, that, until within the last three years,
the vacancies in the list of those pensioners had been filled up.
Since then that practice had been put a stop to, and the vote was
consequently in the course of diminution.
Mr. DAWSON recommended the abolition of the offices of
inspectors of prisons and inspectors of yeomanry.
Mr. GOUI,BURN said, that the services of the inspectors of
yeomanry had been very efficient.
Colonel SI BTHORPE complained of the amount charged for
remuneration to officers in the Exchequer, in lieu of fees ; and
also of the sum voted to Sir R. Chester, in ieu of his per tentage
on the presents made to foreign Powers.
Lord PALMERSTON said, it was the intention of Govern-
ment to abolish in future all diplomatic presents.
After a few words from Mr. RICE, the resolution was agreed
to, and the House resumed.
The report was ordered to be received to-morrow (this day).
Colonel TRENCH moved the second reading of the election
in Ireland Bill. The object of the Bill was two-fold : first, to
snake it incumbent on candidates at an election to warn every
person who tendered his vote against giving it unless duly qua-
lified ; and, secondly, to settle, what was now in some degree a
matter of doubt, whether a freeholder who held property in
detached portions, of the value of ten pounds in the whole, had
a right to vote. He was anxious, as a hint of dissolution had
been thrown out, to have these matters settled before the next
general election.
Mr. STANLEY had no objection to the Bill progressing that
stage, but
Mr. BANKES objected taking a measure of that kind at so
late an hour in-the night.
After short conversation the gallery was cleared for a division,
but we understood that the second reading was postponed with-
out the House dividing.
On the motion that the Corporate Funds' Bill be committed—.
Mr. FYLER objected to proceeding with the Bill at that late
hour, and moved the adjournment.

The House divided.
For the adjournment 20
Against it
The House accordingly resolved into a Committee upon the Bill.
The Marquis of CHANDOS renewed the opposition to thepro-
ceeding with the Bill, and moved that the Chairman report pro-
gress and ask leave to sit again.
Mr. DAWSON urged the adjournment of the consideration of
the question, and ultimately the Chairman reported progress and
obtained leave to sit again.
The Indemnity Bill was read a second time and ordered to be
committed to-day.
Mr. HUME had intended to move that the witnesses ordered
to attend to give evidence in the case of the Evesham election
should be discharged. His object was to save the public money;
but as he understood that no expense would be incurred by the
country, he should not press the motion.
The Marquis of CHANDOS had been anxious to save the
public money, and had consequently ordered the solicitor not to
bring the witnesses to town until the 19th of next month ; they
had not, however, been ordered until the 21st. He was deter-
mined to go on with the case, which he was sure of being able to
make out.
Sir C. FORBES hoped the Noble Lord would give up his hos-
tility to the borough of Evesham. The Hon. Baronet was pro-
ceeding to address the House, when he was called to order, there
being tio question under consideration.
The House was then occupied for some time in receiving peti-
tions, on various subjects.
Lord STANLEY presented 160 petitions for the abolition of
slavery; and Mr. HUME 78 to the same effect.
Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from the inhabitants of
the western part of the metropolis against the Reform measure.
Mr. MALCOLM also presented a petition to the same effect
from Boston. The petitioners objected to the measure because
it infringed the charters of corporations.
A great many petitions were presented in favour of Reform,
and among them petitions from the following counties :—Mid-
dlesex, Surrey, Nottingham, Renfrew, and Roxburgh.
