imomersaaa! wiries.4ll4o,ll

6 ERAIAN PA PE Eta.

listosssms, Deo. 37 scandal, what' di-
,o4iong, what spirit of l• arty, is there in this world!
The Colony at lirtis%els desire%
,to have
sit piece of. religious .:t,;!orship estaldiihed, its which
They nkay adore the So ptelne Being after the forms
of the guiglish Chinch ; nothing, can he more nn.

toral or more edifying; but the Chiefs of this holy
enterpricie, illtnarious Noblemen, ninini4ses, Hirt
LordA, dooot choose to be mingled in the rro►wit,
they det.ire even, in the house of Gnd to be gyp-
rota Iron what ralitAd the Swinish Multitude.
A regnlation i 9 made which decides; that people
shall pay at the entrance oft he church as at the en-
trance Of a theatre, that those who pay shalt be con-
,ecilieotly ficitterl on liattfkonte ehairs,painted blue
rits+lced, and this the Chi is i raflaille,if pereha nee'
.any ai•pedir, should be placed in the back
growid, in an obscure Corner, when: they should
culla; seeing there is tteith.er Chair nor bstich
(Imre.

This earner of the temple remained empty for
some time, l)ot at lost, Olic fine tionday morning,
there came a pious old woman ; Slim is Asked for
he ticket she has none ; She ;lien desired 10

1,4 y 114110 in 11;(1)!ey ; s'itt lipid not II peittly i iltl-

ntedi,itely she is ;eat into the despised comer.'
She, however,.,reSigns herself patiently(' hcar
the word of God. Bat the learoei preacher is,
eloTterst, his titintOn is dreadfally lowt. tie
is front that country where the unent4ry.
oiatOrs rake.piiife iu ttpe iking four or live how%
t„4,.„Theti, The pone woman faitos w.vay. The
Phitanthropitt, an English Journal, piloted as
Brussels, takes the liberty of ptiblishing these
eumstances, and even leans rather to the popular
side of the (location. A foolish conduct, which;
leads ncither to fortune nor gliiry. The
however, seems to well-informed Mats ; 'he•
:o,lolt to know that the partisans of tht popular.
Cause have nevcr succeeded. They all come In a
end, To please at Court, one must write. in.
Freud, like .the :Oracle, and lit English like
Conk, uatue. But if like thr Philan-
thropist, .yon insinuate' that men who are every
where 30.unetlital are tint *o hutore (40d, curl ouritt
not to Ise so at Chilton, you will draw on yourself the
baneriofall those whoset up for patrons. They Will
kat e you 415 they' do the poor Journalist, who for
bow s past lust:lls from cacli of his pipets
let:ers from Lord suchi,,a-our, or Sir suelt•it-ont ,
who not to ,euil them his Jotuarai. Huy
longer, that they wiih,fratkt, their ,itips,,tiptirw.
eic. 'Who tt i l iititetntay him ? Nut 60 is ibe
woman she is tcoqh nothii/g ; 1.,;“ is to say she
has nu money t, whielt is saying it great deal, tor
in li!1;:'lslllti If you %%kb to know what yott
to think of to man, you u,k, what as he worth 2-
6.0,0001-6hlrling, more or less, but the estimate is
alwAyi nt;ttle in, tnonty tided front Le
! ')
,
Flynt,• :11. Aisle, Dm. 20 —(Sent to the
,
-4114"--meine for insertion )—ie Li6erat,
a Parer which his 'appeared fur tihottta mouth at,
Brussels, and which is liberal exactly in t i.tr t pi: it
of its Master lltionaparte, gives in its 27th
.I`sl amber lan act:mint of coo' o.notiou Between
Mr. Canning and Madame the Stacl. As ,the
like Napoleon, is not very scrupulous in,
respect to, troth; nrlitates or disfigures its news,
114"1(e5 only facts as are to its puipose, or
invynts th,au hi case of need, we have rensooi
conugh to dotibt of 'the geottineutss or the ex'
pre,,sioos ,attrilmteti to the ilt itish Statesnmi.,
The Li'Jerfd not only wakes Mr. Canning .„40
04 I,r,t,s,:e purpose to titter jut° an Union
with the Uttriti, awl to induce the King to
dep,trt frOto his system, hot even ascribes
to him the incretlibfe wortk---" That ILWg-
land woold t;liiti;.Cure that France 611°01( not
hitt! Cithei- Army or Navy for 20 years to come."
.1...1.arit iOtscriioi! res,'“,cting as man so eminent.
iwthe Dipiontat;C wOrld, niust nat orally excite
sost.icioo of its, falsehood, especially when the
(14aracter of the relater is considered ; the tatter
has probably heard several observations catised,
accounts, the fate of the /Vain Jane was
trrsh iii his memory, and the Law•of 500 florins
' have been again enforced ; he therefore
smile following Numbers an evasion,
which looks like an apology, In his 32d Number
he routes forward as if he wale the advocate
thr the' whOle world, 'with maxims of general
i„,,,w,liophig protection from them, if the trdili
Of' his t4sertions should fail to afford it, After a
t ainble lie takes the /(i ;igailist the English
Hlicy, which lie piuiuts in the most hateful co-
. loots. " Ask the, Klog and the. people, ':511y5
he, fl why they arc armed, they will tell you, to
tissert sir to nalain our holepenaence ; but is this

endohtained, de,itroying Ibe tyranny, )f
Fr.-4oce tve coolirrn lbat of Ent:land ?- . , . The
b-glance hi E'ornreodestroy(xl by France, can only
b testmta by rcanec fur Oat, ‘utlicint weight

Vrom Ger,iitoillPApoza, triarninot t've
ropy a mast illiberal di►tribe against the English,
which au obscure Buena tist. Jourut►l published
'.at. Brusbels, under the. ',.title of 'The Liberal, has
chosen to insert. This Continental illur►ting
Chronicle is' unworthy of fort her notice,•---Ot the
foolish story about Mr. CANNING'S ohscrv+►lion to
Mad. :DE STAut. we shall only observe, that it it
'hail not the merit'of beluga tati,chOod, it would
have the honbur of being an act of treachery.

An Account,_ giving further information on the
comparative Items of the Revenue and Expenditure
"between this year and the preceding, is inserted
in R preceding column. Our Funds are recovering
their fanner ,elevation in the face of it; the Party
are bawling :Out that it contain/1 the proof, of the
National ILi kruptcy, which ti,ey have annually
Attested ever since they Were OOt of. ; and
the Prints unfriendly to Government, but not en.
tinily at war with Troth, are trying to represent
the deficiency as of a' very serious tiatitre. The.
Mnrning chYaniele asserts, that, thvre is a fahhig
off of Twenty-eight ; the Tines limits it
to nearly lied One or other of iiirse calculators
must be btbd proficients iiiCOCK/;.St ; and iui iii to

,)f them totlt, I.,'ii;“lb (11,e loft%t seoslOve gni
mire of all cr•iteriutts) are ribitig ! We shall ad-
nO other *argument.

The Report from the Select Committee of
the }Little 01C:ominous on the Reodation of
Roman Catholic Subjects in Foreign States, has
just appeared: a ponderous Tome ;Of
Five bundrod.and forty-four pages, Parliamentary
printing, and would make- four'Well-Sized octavo
volumes, There is, however, touch cttrioui in-
formation in it.

Newfoundhtnti Papers to the 4th nit, have ft r -
rived, The Gazette of the 3d gives the particulars
of a General Meeting of the Merchants and others
concerned in the trade—the valuable and exten-
sive Fisheries of that Island. One of the Resolu-
tions of thiq INleeting was, to address Lis Excel-
lency the Governor for advice and assistance ;
more esp- daily for information as to certain al-
terations, which it wa►s understood his Majesty's
Government uropoed to adopt, for the better re-
gulation of Trade and the general policy of the
Island, which the more 'lntent consideration of a
momentous war had deferred. The other Resolu-
tions relate entirely to intern►l regulations, with
the exception of the Bth and 9th, which we sub-
join :

. .
e
" Btlt . Resolved, That the Gentleinn themselves
Ow Newfoundland Committee London he di•ay.)wed by
this Meeting., they mver were appointed by any asscinhly
of the trade in this grin Wry, and especially 43 they appear to
be ciintendloz for interests opposite awl distinct from those
of the resitlent 'merchants and :Inhabitants of this island.
" uth. Eesolmi, That an agent residing-in England be
appointed by the Committee of this Island, as a median of
Conimunication with his Majesty's Government as occasion
may requite."

CONSTITUTION OP HAYTI.—We have !Weil/eel
Whitt sis called the Revived Constittolo•loi Hayti,
comprehended in Eleven Articles, which,are sub-
divided into itipwards ot 200 Sections. The pr.-
amble is this.:—The Haytian people proclaitn, in
the presence ot the Supreme Being, the Constitn.
ti'on of the Repot)lie of *Hayti, in order to conse-
crate their liberty and independence for ever.
Art. 1. Declares, that slaves cannot exist in the territory
of the Republic, and that slavery here is for ever abolished
2. Relates to the territory.
A. Refers to the political condition of Citizens.
4. Respects religion and morality,, that the
Catholic, Apostolic. and. Roman being that:Of all
linytians, is the religion of the State, and, shall be espe-
cially protected, as well as its Nlinisteri. • And further it is
proVided, that every other religious worship is tolerated,
6. Adjust* tic legislative power, which is lodged in a House
of Representatives and Senate.
11. Regulates the promulgation of lama. ,
gat
-

7. Settles the e3sectitire antherity,. which is delegate!to•
Magistrate, who assumes the title pf the President of klayo.
The government is elective, and every citizen is eligible to
the Presidency. •
8. FOrins.the Jndicial• pdwer. The retnaining. articles a&
rert t,, aviculture and earatneree, and regulate the duties
whicl., ure tu constitute the revenue of the State. •

wiNty.R,JAN.7.---'lheQuertscontinites better,
And lots hrtli mvoding for the'last four days, but
it' is not rxpected that she will venture nut of the
Castle till tlte weather is more settled. This be-
ing the Princess CH All LoTTlett 64th-day, the
morning was usherell in with the-ringing
and other rejoicings. The Dtichess,Of GraoticKs-
TP It came from Ragslint to pay her respects to her
Royal Mother, and returned to dine with the
Doke.—l-lis Royal Highness the Dukc of CAM-
BRIDGE'S apartments in Windsor Castle are eo
be let for ,any number pf years that may be
required.

„
ANOTIlilt- ADVANCE IN THE rams OP rostritt.—
Yesterday the Loudon lire‘vers sent 'their Broad
Coopers round 'to the different Publicans with
notice .that an additional charge of five shillings
per band would be immediately made upon Porter.
,Ibis will cause an advance of one halfpenny in
each pot to the..consuni-er,

CgRN-EXCITANGII, JAN. B.—We bad no fresh
arrivals this morning, but what, was left from last
day was quite equal to the, demand, Ks there was
very little huskess doing ; Fine Barley and Malt
support their prices ; in %Vlueat and Oats there
w is very few sales made, the prices nominally the
sa,o, Motiday ; Pease and Beans at the last
quuted pi ices.

Yesterday WAS the l'rincessCHAßcorrit'S birth.
whet' her Iloyal Highnets rpompletect her
2lsr year. The day was celebtated at Claremont
'and in London by her Royal tlighness'slrades-
men illuminating their houses, and other rejoic-
iogs.

A letter from. PariA, dated. January I,asserts,
that the Aus'tfiao Govetioneot is making active.
researchtlt to cfirsetwernhet,rinetpal. agentitiml 01'2
sate plans to • re,sene the. yo ing NArowtot4. and
that many individuals are closely confined, under
suspicion orbeiOg concerned in this affair.—The
same letter odds, that the Spanish Ambassador
bad reeeived ilivatelles from 'his Gaverninent of
.soluiportant 4 watuye, that he instantly.commu.
nicated 'their contents to the Foreign Ministers
resident-at Parisi.' ' ' • -

•
BROWN, the ci-devantAdmiral of Buctioi Ayres;
is still in.the West !itches. It, appears pretty clew
that when he left the River Plate, he meant to
cruize nit his own accotint.---(Moraing Paper,}
The Gazette of last night contains an address
front the Corporation of. publi), to the. VRINCE
REOENt, thitit king his Royal Highness in the
warmest terms, fur his munitickut coniributionot
2000/, in aid of the Fund for the Relief ~of the
Distressed Labouring Classes of that city.
illuncl+tiy having been.the day appointed for de-
posit,ifig iu the Cutlitiry of the British InstittitiOn
models furolhlwil by our Artists' for the National
Monuments oidcred by Parliament,.seve nil were
ptesented by scmll,tura t,t emiu,nee in their art,
ketehes and delisns sent in ‘i ere much less
numerous then thuie supplied on the fornitr
crc-
c,isio►►, mini neatly of the sane standard of merit.
rfiltt COinitili tee, tl4# nut yet nay of formal

At.sor appenred for the second time last
night. ii} liulunte, and tsas ,igitin honoured by a
and splendid company trial dm trios' mallted
applaus4

FIH NEV. 3.

PLYMOUTH, JAN. 6.--Arrived" the iatie,Vl96
HELMSoN, from St. John's. The brig Tirentill
of this port, Captain .Dana, from 13oardeaa0
the Havannals, wai boarded by a Carthsgeois
private schooner, between 50 and GO tom, 01
40 men, cars yin;; two gaff topsails, painted
blase
with a white streak in them. A-ter tloestenil
the lives of the crew, some of whom took to t 4.
boats, she wa; plundered of a great part ofbf
cargo, valued at 50001. The Moffatt Indismi
drove Irons her moorings this morning, bd
brought up without damage:. Two Vessels, no'
unknown, are reported to have gone on shore hi
night in Bigbury Bay, and totally lost; one halt
with fruit, the other with skins.L—Wind
DKAL, JAN. 7.—Came down from the Rive.
the Alfred and John, Esi IL, for Jomaicl
Sappho, for Demerara ; Blucher, for Bertadi
Somerset, for New York ; Bragania, for
and Golden Fleece, for. St. Jago ; aad sailed, 'l6l
the whole of the East Imiiamen, and the rest'
the outward-bound, for their different destilo
tions, except the Triton, lAA:KERBY, which h:
remained to repair her windlass,. Put h"ck,
Richard, I\j'out.e., fOr Demerara, having lust Ihr(
anchors sod Cables. its Margate Roads The 111
fish Army, and several more horautir'
boffi' vessels, are 'still _detained by contra
winds.—N.W.

IF,ALNIOUTII, JAN. s.—Sailed his Majesty's
lieron and Telegraph on cruise, and thetiecl
ItoutsaTs, for Cardiff.--. Wind W.
PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 7.--. Arrived, anti sailed
Havre, the :Massachusetts, 1.31,KTE1:, from he
Bedford. Sailed the Mars, Mooaa, for Plym"°
liette,BatsTow, and Abbi HAwARD, for Pool°
Wind N.'W.

DOVER, JAN. 7.—Artived the Cortovill, 1,3'1
LEY, from Truro, and Aun, SeNt3Y, ITOM
don, with loss of anchor and cable each ;
WATTON, from Little IlAmpton, with loss
ditto, and/very leaky ; also the Good SttICCSIO3
Catherine, and .13oitim Packet transport':

ON THE RELIEF OF FOItEIGN'SEAMP'

The Consul-General of the Netherlands
advertised, that he will send back tO.their
try all diic.harged soldiers and sailors, a ihie tit
his Sovereign, who will apply to him ouderil
ii Cent circumstances.
We hope that exqmple will be follmi,cil by!'
Consul-Gener'iOs of the other Foreign PoWtil
for, although any present expeuce was prefers
to seeing the bridges a general rendezvous 101
many miserable objects, yet having provided
with a temporary shelter on board of the
the Government has dime all that could be expect'
To keep them there RS in an asylum, Wm"
doing suchmen no service, as to them it is al
less confinement, from which one, with the gal
of another, lies already escaped, and had he (
been taken, would Soon have returned int() 11
.mass of misery from which he was rescoeth
he again received in the Helder ; nor would i‘
just .to our own seamen to send them awsib
vagrant pass, not strictly legal, but
from a charitable view of their case, to beg tb
'way to their settlements, while we sheltereill
ted foreigners. given Tel

If we are to form asylums for,foreign seam°
the River, let (mown seamen enjoy the,srlle
rege;' but we trust that the unnecessary pen°
expence of. maintaining Joreigu seamen a 10°
time than what is merely necessary fur their
lection. and-restoration to heal 1.1 alit! C10:11!
will be avoided by, the example being I'011('W
the Consul-General of the Netherlands, 01 tI
the seamen be set on their own shores, whieth
even pefformed at 0 r expence, will he more 0
11611de:11 than the expetice of keeping them

they are.
After this invitation, no reason whatever
he fairly given for maintaining any longer Put
or Flemish seamen, or can it be suppose`l'
on the proper application to the French Mini4v.
he would refuse the trifling exPence of eonvflf
the flatives of hit Government to Calais id
. •
steerage of the packet, an expenLce,, at we 01°
of five shillings, and the conveyance from
don to Dover might be made very trifling.
Should the Ministers fPortugal and.spat
of the Italian States, decline interferrneeii•
have. Packets continually going, and it w°'ll
the beast expence to send such natives out
to i
steerage by agreement, than the cost of 11
clining them for an indefinative period : hi'
ttl: events, we should send off all that %cc eVi'fl
Char;ty is one thing, it has been &Vl')
the hour of their nece,sity ; but to exerci,'e
further, would be want of charity to oily °
countrymen.

terdiv neßr the end of the Serpelitio terig
A tempetrary wooden bridge WM mn--
e, or it
