with Mehemet Ali, which want of space compels U 3 to omit.
In another part of that report he had stated that he was confi- !
dent it would be possible, by direct negotiation, to obtain the
concurrence of the Pacha of Egypt, the most influential of Ma-
homedan Sovereigns, and the only one rising in influence. He
had no doubt whatever that it would be possible to obtain his
concurrence and aid to co-operate for the abolition of sla-
ver rin Eastern climes.—(Hear, hear, hear.) The sufferings
of the black in Eastern Africa were beyond all description.
Again and again he had seen the caravans coming over the
Desert, the slaves naked and exhausted, and telling tales of
those who had perished in the way. In fact the slave trade in
that country was the curse of the human race there, but he
trusted by the exertions of the Society, and the good sense of
the rulers of the different nations of the earth, the time was not
far distant when its name would be remembered no longer.
Mr. JOSEPH SAMS, of Darlington, proposed the next reso-
lution. Having sometime ago visited the whole of the inter-
esting countries to which his friend, the worthy Doctor, had
had alluded, he begged to unite 'with him in the statements he
be had made as to the state of slavery in Eastern Africa, and
to corroborate what he had said with respect to it not being
carried on in that cruel manner in which it was in the domini-
ons of the Christians. He believed that the blacks were a
greatly maligned race, for in all his travels he always met
with the greatest kindness from them, while, on the other
hand, the Arabs had shown themselves to be treacherous in the
extreme. The worthy gentleman concluded by proposing the
following resolution :
" l'hat a Committee be appointed to take into their considera-
tion the best way of assisting to effect the suppression of slavery
in Mahomedan countries, and that Dr. Bowring, William
Foster, Rev. James Acworth, Rev. J. Carlisle, be such Com-
mittee."
The Rev. J. ButoirnT, of Camberwell, seconded the resolu-
tion. Some difficulty had been expressed as to whether that
Convention could address the Governments of other nations ;
he did not know that there was any rule by which they could be
guided in their course, inasmuch as no nation had laid down any
plan by which it might be addressed by voluntary societies, but
it did not follow from those circumstances that they should not
address all the nations of the earth. If it was found that the
whole of civilized Europe was in support of their great cause, if
it was found that the demand for the extinction of slavery was
general—and who could deny that it wasnot ?—he could not con-
ceive the Government that would be bold enough to reject their
addresses.—(Cheers.)
The Resolution was their put to the meeting and was declared
by the Chairman to be carried unanimously.;
The Rev. J. BENNETT proposed the following resolution :
" That the very grateful thanks of the Convention be pre-
sented to Dr. Bowring for the valuable service he has rendered
this clay in his faithful translation of the addresses of the French
gentlemen composing the deputation from that country."
Mr. J. SAMS seconded the resolution, which was carried
unanimously.
The SECRETARY informed the gentlemen present that the
business of the Convention for to-morrow (this day) would be,
First, the consideration of the state of the free people of colour
in Canada; the state of things in connection with slavery in
Cuba, and also the slave-trade generally. It was also ex-
pected that the Reports of the Committees onßritish India, and
Danish Slavery, would be made to-morrow, (this day).
The Convention adjourned at half-past Seven o'clock, till to-
morrow, (this day,) at Ten o'Clock.
