*un.
49. A

LONDON,
'ItIDAY EVENING, JULY 26, 1833.

Lome Tory Temporal Peers and the blind Spiritual
the Is outvoted last night an important clause ine
b :Arisb Church Temporalities Bill—adding to th
11:11-7e Suppression Enactment the following awful
padVestruetive words :—" The building or
sreid-
heri"ing et. the church and glebe-house in the a
shall ~et ; and if the circumstances of such benefice
th"°t require such application of the said funds,
tiernt''t° be Paid into the General Fund under the
.14..,
Nahoti"tation of the said Commissioners." W,e,
than b aetter state the effect of this " amendment
head, Y referring to our extract, under theefustuhae]
Con ftero the Morning Post—the organ
sinther
tolilrerytatives.
" amendments" the Tory House of
eartrCil,B' their wisdom or craft, will propose and
cannot undertake to pre •
dict But it is now
palpableclilu-ss
that the concession of the appropriation
the Go',,and the other discount of the Bill made by
Care'eraMent, in the vain hope of propitiating the
The 1,„5146 POLITICAL UNION, has utterly failed..
tato "'lea rein dominant in the hereditary Legis-
tiotir,e.rt ass-emblypacked by Tory
.Administra-
%Lich °I. a century past. What hope. ids theerne thatean
ikh,, ids a .6dy of blind and prejudice
'it isWilh a Reformed House of Commonsm, ?
C.
MORE- "Pi9gaibi The
4c or NONE," will be early verified. Dr.
144,1131" and Dr. WIIATELEYhifoted with the Go-
Pre 7ent--Dr. GREY against
seemed
own brother, the
th4,:er ! The Bishops possessed with
54 thvil• Their houses must be put. in order;
toi,,,i-Py will soon be called upon to their
give
updevote
,thero,re,%idetices, that they may exclusively .
q° ''es to their country and professions] duties.
It 4thoi .
-otifb. nistration can serve the people and the
kituti•of Lords, The anomalous state- of the Con-
Ptero,,..°ll, must be rectified by the exercise of the
!Overtly; or the people will soon help them-
is A1:1° redress. We advise Lord GREY and
Nees ftilir to open their eyes to the political
likt gout:P.llY approaching. The
.Government has
ill the Towith the people,
_ because it has succumbed
Itit he intrlerreerage. Lord GREY must retire uno-
,diust e %, to wield, and can obtain, power t
mt'asegth-, 'xisting dissonance between the two
P.,,tvsr c" Parliament. A successor without that
:he .cannot hold the government six months.
,i4rell, ell., idea of a Tory Government is prepos•
'IN %,.. ;it could obtain no House of Commons
'nee to-u'd give it a fourth of the necessary info-
NI, k Carry its
, measures. The country will natu-
t4ihemeatizious to knovv the result and consequences
tttire vote of last night. Lord GREY will not
vote Lttild ought not to abandon- his post. The
tatty
17, °Y be rescinded on the report, or the Lords
the/6444114 further mischief in the other clauses of
Ittelettituoer hturch Bill ; but whatever be mutilations,
ke hou 0 come, the Bill ought to go down to
elist se °f Commons. That event will be the
Itlot th °,fle of the reform Parliament, and we doubt
lAi: k;ortirnons will do their duty, and bring the
eet.°7 Tory Lords to reason. If the Commons
Iltlbckete Bill, after an unsuccessful attempt to
t!thti the
prejudices and party cabals of the Con-
% ti 'ye wills, the country
ord
may rest assured that
I have to swallow a double dose ; and

perhaps this will be the best result to Ireland, and
to the kingdom at large. But we repeat—the two
Legislatures must be assorted; or one must and will
be extinguished in the early march of time.

From the debate last night on the question of a
breach of privilege for reporting the debates, or
rather for non-reporting certain speeches, one
would suppose that Mr. O'CONNELL delights to
sport in troubled waters. The accusation brought
for ward by the Learned Gentleman against the
Reporters comes with a peculiarly bad grace
from the Champion of public right., and the
advocate of free discussion. For of all men

who ewe their• wide-spread celebrity to the willing
assistance of the public press, Mr. O'CONNELL is
perhaps the most deeply indebted ; and yet, to the
organs of that press, collectively, does the Hon.
Member now exhibit the most unmeasured hostility
If this be gratitude, it is indeed a very Irish way of.
showing i•. But we cannot think so ill of Mr. O'CoN-
NELL's discernment, as to imagine that he is not by this
time heartily sorry for the error (of judgment) into
which he has inadvertently fallen. The else be-
tween himself and the gentlemen of the press stands
thus :—Mr. O'CONNELL, without any visible pro-
vocation, denounces the Reporters as people of no
character—as a degenerate race—incompetent to
perform their duty—or designedly falsifying their
reports. What then? If the Reporters were dead
to all feelings of honour and conscious rectitude—if
they were not as base as the motives attributed to
them, they must retort, and that instantly—though
passively—the calumnies so wrongfully laid to
their charge. And how do they proceed ?
not by misreporting Mr. O'CONNELL, but re-
solving not to report him at all! And for
this omission—the .only course left to them—.
the champion of passive resistance trumps up a
charge of breach of privilege against certain papers
for reporting the debates! Truly we are sorry—
very Sony that Mr. O'CONNELL should have pre-
cipitated his fair fame into such a vortex of incon-
sistency; for extricate it as only he best can, the
example will not readily be followed (even by Mr.
O'DWYER), nor the triumph be envied.
Taking the space assigned to reports generally, we
are sure Mr. O'CONNELL must allow that ample
justice has hitherto been done to his speeches,
and the continuance of that practice must de-
pend on the Learned Gentleman himself. The
remedy is in his own hands, if he but exercise the
natural discretion and manliness of character for
which he is so remarkable. The debate of last
night must have convinced him of two things—that
the sense of the House was universally against him,
and that he committed a sad error of judgment in
having so unwitting►y volunteered to put down
those whom he had the hardihood to calumniate.
To the general accuracy of the reports in Par-
liament, members of various political sentiments
bore honourable testimony—Lord ALTHORP, Lord
J. RUSSELL, Sir ROBERT INGLIS, Sir ROBERT PEEL,
Dr. BALDWIN, Mr. SANDFORD, &c.—some of whom
expressed their astonishment, as well they might,
at the extraordinary—the marvellous fidelity, with
which the debates were given.
If Mr. O'CONNELL would but reflect fora mo-
ment on the true cause of his speeches being sup-
pressed, he would be the first to applaud the spirit
of those gentlemen whom he has•so inconsiderately
wronged. _ _

If the reporters were not so keenly alive to cha-
racter, and felt as men ci honour and sensibility
must always feel, they would not dare to act as
they have done—for vice alone is cows' dly, while the
nobility of virtue is more conspicuously drawn forth
in emergencies, where even death is preferable to
dishonour.

Mr. O'CONNELL is great only in proportion
as he is just. To the force of his own
extraordinary talents, aided by the public press,
he owes his present proud elevation. Is
it generous, then, to turn round and asperse
the means to which his celebrity is so mainly
indebted ? But for the public press of England,
the cause at one time so dear to his heart would have
languished long in obloquy and despair; and although
the justice of that cause must have ultimately pre-
vailed, yet it is very probable that the patriotic as erter
of Ireland's wrongs would have died unlionoured by
obtaining a seat in that Parliament whose privileges
he is now so forward to protect.

One word more arid we have done. Let Mr.
O'CONNELL look to the manly sentiments expressed
by the Reporters of the Times, who only represent
the feelings of their brethren in the course they have
adopted, not to report the speeches of the Learned
Gentleman so long as he, by adhering to his
aspersions on their character as men of talent,
education, ar►d gentlemanly feeling, cormiders them
unworthy to do so. Let Mr. O'CONNELL reflect, we
say, and the natural feeling which would prompt
his own high spirit to resent unmerited re-
flections will at once induce him to retract calum-
nies uttered in a moment of spleen or under the in-
fluence of misapprehension, inadvertence, or misin-
formation.

The feeling of popular dissatisfaction (to which
Lord W HARNCLIFFE alluded the other night in the

House of Lords) with the abuses of the Church
of England Establishment, is rapidly spreading
among the community. It was but last week that
The Sun contained a significant report of a meeting
of the parish of Christchurch, respecting the pay-
ment of certain church rates; and to-day will be
found another equally significant report (to which
we direct our reader's attention) of some paro-
chial proceedings that took place at Chard, in
Somersetshire, and which we have extracted from
the Sherborne Journal of Thursday.

The French Papers of Wednesday have been
received, but are almost wholly destitute of impor-
tant news. Great preparations were everywhere
making for the celebration of the anniversary of the
July revolution of 1830. The excitement produced
in Spain by the late glorious victory of Captain
NAPIER was described as being most intense—
especially in the province of Estramadura, which
the Spanish authorities were, in consequence,
beginning to look on with suspicion.

FRENCH FUNDS.--PARIS, Jun' 24.
Five per Cents., 1041. 30c 35c. 40c.
Three per Cents. 77f. 15c. 20c.
Bank Actions, 1,7201., 1,735 f.
Rente de Naples, 91f. 80c. 70c. 80c.
Roman Five per Cents., 91.
Rente d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 16 %.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 42% %
Royal Spanish Loan, 86.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 70 69%.
Belgic Loan, 1831, 95.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, 25f. 55c.; money, 25f. 50c.
Three months, paper, 25f. 45c. ; money, 25f. 40c.
—Cours Authentique.

The German Papers received this morning con-
Ain no intelligence worthy of comment.

The Moniteur Belge mentions that, on Wednes-
day morning, at half-past four o'clock, her MAJESTY
was safely delivered of a son. Both the QUEEN
and the young Prince were in good health. The
latter is to be created Duke of BRABANT, and will
be christened in the Catholic faith.

A vessel has urrived off Plymouth from Cadiz
bringing rather important information. When she
passed Cape St. Vincent, she fell in with a pilot
boat, and was informed that Admiral NAPIER had
sailed on the 12th for the Tagus, and intended im-
mediately to attack the city. Whilst off the Rock
of Lisbon, on the 16th, they heard a very heevy
firing in the direction of Belem Castle, and could
distinctly observe with their glasses several vessels,

with all sails set, on the other side, making for the
Bar. The general opinion in the City is, that Ad-
miralNANEß is master of Lisbon. Official accounts
are hourly expected from Falmouth, as a steam-
vessel would, no doubt, be instantly despatched wi• h
details to the Chevalier DE LIMA from the brave
Admiral.

We yesterday expressed a hope that his Majesty's
Ministers would not hazard the consequences of
opposing a minority so powerful as that which di-
vided against them, on the question of not imposing
any restraints upon the negroes not required for
their own advantage. That hope has not been dis.
appointed, for Mr. STANLEY yesterday morning not
only agreed to the suggestions of Dr. LUSH-
INGTON immediately to emancipate all slaves
who have ever been to, or who ever may
come to, England with the consent of their owners,
and not to allow compensation for slaves illegally
imported into the Mauritius within a certain period,
which allowed of proof being given upon the sub-
ject;—not only did he yield to these suggestions,
hut came forward to announce that, in deference to
the opinion expressed by so large a portion of the .
House the night before, his Majesty's Ministers
had decided upon reducing the term of appren-
ticeship from twelve years, in the case of prediall:
slaves to seven years, and from seven years-
to five years in the case of non-predial slaves..
This is as it should be; and the concession occasioned
Ministers to have a large majority (206 to 89) on
Mr. BUXTON'S proposition that slavery should en-
tirely cease in 1836. We must confess that, al-
though feeling makes us incline to the shorter
period proposed by Mr. BUXTON, reason does say
that the mass of the slaves must require to pass
through some intermediate state before being com-
pletely set at liberty. The fixing a period much
too long might have been attended with the danger
of reducing the negroes to despair, and have occv.l
sioned some outbreak, which would -have intolvell
the ruin of the planters. Although the period is
nor, perhaps, sufficiently reduced to
.prevent con-
siderable dissati'faction, we think it is sufficiently
reduced to prevent violence, and that its worst effect
will be inefficiency, and the imposition of an obliga-
tion on the Colonial Legislatures to establish a
system of wages, the only one which will produce
real work.
