ON THE TREATY WITH TEXAS.

I. That this Committee have heard with grief and indigna-
tion of the virtual recognition of Texas as an independent State
by the British Government.
11. That tkis Committee feel an invincible repugnance to
any step which admits Texas into the honourable position of a
place among the civilised family of man, and that for the follow-
ing reasons :

Ist. Because of the character of the people composed of
rebel subjects of Mexico (a free State in friendly alliance
with us) and recklessladventurers from th• United States,
whose notorious object is to aggrandize themselves by trampling
on the rights of humanity.•
2d. Because a country in which (while it was an integral
part of Mexico) freedom was enjoyed, is now to be cursed with
all the ills of slavery.
3d. Because a fearful stimulus will be given to slave rear-
ing, and the slave trade in the United States, by the demand in
Texas.

4th. Because alrnoot insurmountable obstacles will be placed
in the way of the American abolitionists in their exertions for
achieving the liberation of the slaves in the United States.
.sth. Because additional facilities will be afforded for the
surreptious importation of Slaves from Africa.
6th. Because a grievous wrong is inflicted on the free
negroes, who by the constitution of the State, are expelled from
the soil, and upon the aborigines, who are doomed to extermi-
nation by a merciless warfare.
ith. Because it is palpably inconsistent that Great Britain,
which by treaties, expensive armaments, and especially by the
sacrifice of twenty millions sterling, has been endeavouring to
accomplish the abolition of the slave trade and slavcry, should
now give them encouragement to an extent which threatens
to counterbalance all these exertions.
111. That, therefore, this Committee protest against the
recognition of Texas as an independent State in alliance with
Great Britain, and earnestly hope that measures may be taken
to avert the evils which must inevitably result from a perseve-
rance in the course which has been adopted.
THOMAS MORGAN, Chairman.

on Saturday the 2d of January, 1841, will be published.
No. 1 of a Weekly Series of Papers, eight pages, Royal
Octavo ; price Twopence each Number, entitled
HE FLEET PAPERS;
. Being LETTERS to THOMAS THORNHILL,
Esquire, of Riddlesworth, in the County of Norfolk, from
RICHARD OASTLER, His Prisoner in the Fleet. With
occasional Communications from Friends.
" The Altar, the Throne, and the Cottage."
" Property has its duties, as well as its rights."
The Husbandman that laboureth, must be first partaker of
the fruits."
'le shall juig,e the poor of the people, He shall save the chil-

clren of the needy, and shall break. in pieces the oppressor."
These Papers are principally intended for the perusal of the
friends of Christianity and the Constitution ; pat titularly the
Clergy and the Aristocracy ; and of all persons who are pos-
sessed of property. The object of the writer will be, to explain
the reasons for the present alarming state of English society,
and the consequent insecurity of lire and property :—also, to
otter some remarks upon the folly and wickedness of attempting
to uphold our institutions, particularly that of Private Pro-
perty, by the unconstitutional means of Centralization, Com-
missioning. Espionage, and Force ; finally, to state his own
views on the best mode of restoring peace, contentment, secu-
rity, and prosperity, to every rank of the people of England.
The Author is perJectly aware of the fact, that every Parlia-
mentary leader is now only att,mpting to legislate for the pre.
sent moment—putting off the evil day—making laws from hard
to mouth," in the hope that some unforeseen fortuitous event,
may enable succeeding statesmen to legislate for permanency.
He is also convinced that there is a mode of successfully re-
establishing our institutions upon their original foundation—
Christianity;—and that that is the only way to preserve them
from the encroachments of political partisans, who are now
only paving the way to universal Ruin, Anarchy, and Despotism
Published by John Pavey, No. 47, Holywell-street, Strand,
London ; and may be had of all Booksellers and Newsvenders
in town and country.
Gentlemen, by paying in advanoe, may have it sent to any
part of the country, post-free, at Threepence.

THE DOVER WELLINGTON FESTIVAL.—
The Wellington Festival accounts arc still even yet out-
standing, but several actions are about to be brought
against iafluential individuals residing in the different ports
from Romney to Margate, and intermediate towns, and
which can only be averted by Captain Hart, the present
Mayor of Hythe, convening a meeting of their Ports, their
ancient towns, and their members, and the arrears being
settled up. Dover alone being at present ready with its
quota of the amount due, and other individuals in the dif-
'erents ports, from the part taken by them in the proceed-
ings, being in the opinion of eminent counsel equally liable
with the Dover Committee. Kent Herald.
FAT STOCK IN 1839 AND 1840.—As an in-
stance of the injurious effects of the late prevailing epide-
mic among the cattle, the following aficial account of the
deficiency of fat stock at the Smithfield Great Market this
year compared with last will show :
Beasts. Sheep.
1839
1840

Calves.
124

Decrease ... 1 546 1,970 51
Stock in consequence fetched immense prices.
The rain, wind, and snow have greatly injured
the model of the statue of Rubcns, which was recently in-
augurated at Antwerp with much pomp and festivity. The
statue is not yet ready, and these injuries from the weather,
it is feared, will destroy the plaster model before the more
durable work of the artist can be completed.—inventor's
Advocate.

GAME LAWS. The keepers of Lord Ward,
on the preserves of Swindon Common, have for some time
been aware of poaching being carried on upon the domain.
On Saturday week, between 11 and 12 o'clock, the
keeper on the spot, finding the depredators at their work,
and in numbers very strong, left his post for the purpose
of getting assistance. In the interim the workmen of Mr.
\V, Perry, of the Lodge Farm, gained a knowledge of the
circumstance, and marched six in number tcs the scene of
action, when a fearful conflict ensued, in which several
of the men got severely hurt, and one poor man in
parti-
cular had his skull fractured, and now lies in a dargerou
state. It appears the gang of poachers were twelve i,,
number, and consequently too many for their assailants..
Oa Monday three of them were apprehended end fully
ilentificd before Mr. S. S. Briseoe,_
Wolverhampton
Chronicle,
THE ASTEROIDS OF NOVEMBER.—The peri-
odic shooting stars, which hive for some years made their
')
appearance and been much noticed in 'England and vari-
ous parts of the Continent, do not appear- to have been
visible the present y lear. n En land the nights :of the
12th, 13th, and 14th November wgere cloudy and unfavour-
able for observation, and in Paris and other parts of France
the 12th, which was the only clear night, exhibited no
such appearances, nor were the phenomena seen in
Switzerland. No accounts have been sent to any of the
learned societies of the Continent of their appearance in
any other country.

In our Gazette of the sth inst. it was our pia lei Jot'
to aneounce the loss of her Majesty's brig Fairy, Kis". all
hands. Having left HarWich on the 13th, for the pie pose
of surveying some sandbanks in that neighbourboori the
certainty of her loss was established beyond a doubt .'hen
we last mentioned her. Her topmast has since dime
found. We then stated that the son of Sir Charles A 'Jam,
a fine and amiable youth, was on board, and iron the
announcement which has been pub;ished by his bere Ind
family, it seems to have been inferred that the FP* sent
down on the day on which she left Harwich. 'I
fortunate vessel was one of the old 10-gun brigs, mea
known by the designation of " coffins." The Cuildi- gof
such wretched vessels is now discontinued ; but the ad-
mission of error should not end here—they ought e be
no longer employed! The present catastrophe nit`.. it is
hoped, lead to their abandonment. The lady of the
tain, a gallant and most accomplished officer, and o; e of
the best naval surveyors in the service, lost not ord. her
husband and brother, but her eldest son, all of whop:, vitir
the other officers and crew, thirty-fire in ',umbel.
miserably perisbee.— United Service Gazette.
All hopes of the safety of the Fairy .surveying-ve44;4,
Capt. Hewett, are at length abirdoned. Part of e top-
mast belonging to her was picked up off Lovrestoir less'
Point, on the 15th inst., near to the spot where some- -fish-
ermen asserted to have seen a vessel foupder a mor ti ago':
during the heavy gales. The w hole of-the crew 4-itti;
the talented Commander, who had two sons on boar:',
perished. A fine spirited boy, the second son of Sir
.Charles Adam, was serving as volunteer of the first • Inn
on board, having- lat •ly commenced his noviciate in the
naval service.—Naval and Military Gazette.

NAVAL IN TELLIGENCE.

(From the Hampshire Telegraph.)

PORTSMOUTH, DEC. l9.—The Apollo, t rocp-,
was taken out of dock on Thursday, and is destier
convey the 97th regiment from Cork to Corfa.
The Athol!, troop-ship, is fitting in this hariL -
take the head-quarters of the 42d rrgimcnt to ti:c
diterrancan, which she will embark at Cork.
The Cuckoo, steam vessel, was taken into do,,k -4-s-
-terday, to make good her defects, having run lQuf
sunken wreck.

The Driver, steam frigate, will be launched fyorii ciis
Dock. yard, on-,Thursday next, the 24th inst.
The ship's company of the Victory commcne,-1::;:-.41,
the-St Vincent, 120, yesterday,
The Grecian Qlieen. -John; 'and Soiereign, t. to-
sports, ore loading With grdnance stores, pr:pcii,
32-pound shot, 8 and 10 inch shells, and large ezp,o4l
for Malta.

to

The George the Fourth, for Calcutta, takes cc
that city 300 boxes of eight inch shells.
PLYMOUTH, DEC. 17.—The Avon steamer.
on Friday, for Falmouth and Liverpool. The Tri;.4i,
Sardinia steamer, arrived an Saturday from Len,'.
and sailed on Sunday for the Mediterranean. The
Netley tender sailed on Saturday, to the westward for
volunteers. The Emerald tender arrived on Sup. ay
from Portsmouth, and sailed again on Weduesc.q.
The Impregnable and Belleisle bent sails last CVCDz
to go out of harbour this morning, weather permits.- g.
Remaining in Hamoaze.—Caledonia, San Josef, l a..
pregnable, Pelleisle, Endymion, Raven, Sylph, Can.,n,
steamer, Comet steamer, Louis steamer.
A detachment of '2 0 0 men, of the 66th Regime it,
came across from Gosport on Thursday, to do dut:,itn
this garrison.

Mr. Jonathan Ground, draughtsman, has bccn p-
pointed Inspector of Shipwrights in this Dockyare is
the room of Richard Goodridge, dececsed ; Mr. E.
Allen, of the mould loft, succeeds Mr. Ground, ,•-itf
Mr. G. Allen, is appointed to the mould loft.
The Admiralty Board has given an order to Mcs,
Seaward, for a pair of engines, of 200 horse power, or
a vessel to be built to be adapted for working the
chimedian crew.

(From the Ilampshire Independent.)
PORTSMOUTH, DEC. 19.—The Orestes, 18, El.
from Callao July 22, for Africa, with Mr. Wilson,
British Consul-General for Peru.

The Cygnet brig, from this port, arrived at S
Cruz, Tencriffe, on the 21st of October, and s—
again on the 23d, for the Coast of Africa.
The Vengeance, 84,:is being rigged in the basin. :r:d
will be put into commission early in January.
All hopes of the safety of the Fairy are now 'tri% cn
up ; part of the mizen top-mast and other parts of ae
rigging were picked up on the 15th instant, on Loy,
toftness Point. There was about eighteen feet of he
top-mast, marked on the heel Fairy, 111.Z.A., witi,
broad arrow ; iron cap, sheave, and pin, having
the arrow.

The Madras Indiaman, Car,tain Hoskins, on
outward voyage from this port to Madras, fell in v. Ai
a great number of large and dangerous icebergs, nc; riy
on the meridian of Greenwich, in lat. 39. One of ina
icebergs was at least 100 feet high, and large in
cundcrence ; if the ship had struck one durinv .0
night nothing could have saved her, as she was r. •''
twelve knots an hour, with a strong north-west
Captain Hoskins cautions all commanders of vc,:- !s
running in these latitudes to keep a good look-oot, -,s
he is certain that if she had struck one of the
bergs, the Madras would have been amongst the T
ing ships.
At Spithead—none.

In 'Harbour—Queen, Victory, Excellent, E.;.ii
George, Indus, Tweed, Rapid, Phoenix, At/. 1„
Cuckoo, Echo, Ardlo, Sylvia, Fanny, and-Mer.ur,

PROMOTIONS AND AFPOINTMENTS.
PROMOTlONS.—Commander—Stopforli of Pi•.:•' x,
to he Captain from the 4th November last.
LieuteNan!—J. S. A. Dennis, of Phoenix,
Commander when he has served his time.
Mate—J. Sanderson, of Pbcenix, to be Lieo. •
from the 4th of November last.

APPOINTMENTS.—Mates—W. C. to A • i
F. Martin, to Ferret.
S:cond-blaster--11. W. T. Green, to Albrrt.
Master's-Assistant—Charles E. MniTland, to F.
Vol. ist Class—Win. Boddington, to Lidos.

SPORTING INTEL,LIGSNCE

NEWCASTLE RACES, IS4I.

The following stakes close on the Ist January, 1841
Fourth Year of a Sweepstakes of 10 SOV3. each. p
or the Foals of 1840, to run when two yeari old; e, Its
BA. 'lib, fiilics, Sst 41b.
