POST OFFICE.

CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER obtained
leave to bring in a Bill for the better government of her Ma-
jesty's Post Office.

MUNICIPAL OFFICERS.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL obtained leave to bring
in a Bill to extend the provisions of the Act of the present
session, cap. 5, to recorders and other municipal officers.
HIGH AND SUB-SHERIFFS OF SLIGO.

Colonel PERCEVAL was understood to give notice of a
motion for a return of copies of all correspondence which had
taken place between her Majesty's Government in Ireland and
Mr. Howley, relative to the appointment of the high-sheriff
and sub-sheriff of the county of Sligo.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL presented a petition from
Falmouth against negro alavery.
The House then adjourned, at a Quarter to One o'Clock.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MARem 9.
On the motion of the Earl of SHAFTESBURY, the Wa
termen's Act Bill was reported without amendments.

Mr. Crafer. from the Treasury, attended to present papers.
Lord BANDON presented a petition signed by upwards of
800 of the electors of Cork, praying for an annual revision
of the registry in Ireland. Also a petition from Bandonbridge
on the subject of the Poor-laws ; likewise petition; from Ban-
don, and several other places, against any national system of
education in Ireland which excluded the use of the Holy
Scriptures.
Lord REDESDALE presented a petition from the Inha-
bitants of Inverness, praying for the establishment of a morn-
ing mail from London to the north, including Inverness.
Lord STANHOPE presented a petition from Merthyr
Tidvil, in Glamorganshire, signed by upwards of 5,000 per-
-8"s, praying for the immediate repeal of the Poor Law
Amendment Act. Also, a petition front the town of Hudders-
field to the same effect.
Lord RADNOR presented a petition from Ashburton, and
one from Blackburn, praying for the immediate abolition of
negro slavery.
Lord BROUGHAM presented a petition from Kirkintul-
loch against any additional endowment to the Church of Scot-
land ; a petition from Ashburton, praying for the immediate
extinction of negro slavery ; a petition from the Wesleyan
Methodists assembling at Acton, to the same effect ; also
Petitions from the inhabitants of Bath, agreed to at a
Public meeting ; from the Wesleyan Methodists, of Pen-
zance, Cornwall ; the inhabitants of Wincanton, Dorking,
Airdale College, Yorkshire, and from several other places,
to the same effect; also petitions from Dunbar, and some
other places, against any grant to the Scotch Church ; a
petition from the solicitors, and practitioners in the law, of
Pundee, against the passing of the Bill for regulating the
Sheriffs' Court ; a petition from Cupar, praying their Lord-
ships to amend the Reform Bill to such an extent as would
enable it to accomplish the objects of its projectors; a peti-
tion from Cupar, signed by 641 persons, agreed to at a
Public meeting, praying for a repeal of the Corn Laws;
a petition from Cupar, signed by the town clerk, respecting a
railway Bill ; likewise a petition from certain inhabitants of
Aylesworth against any form of oaths, and praying to be al-
lowed to affirm instead of swear. The Noble and Learned
Lord stated that he had yesterday and to-day presented no
less than sixty-five petitions from different parts of the country,
all in favour of the great object of extinguishing negro slavery.
COLONIAL COURTS OF ERROR BILL.

Lord BROUGHAM wished to ask a question of the
Noble Secretary of State for the Colonies. He (Lord
brougbem) had read the Bill with great care which
Ltd been laid on the table by his Noble Friend—a
Lill not satisfactory to his views. In that Bill there
*as a clause which gave a certain power to a Court
0f Error in the Colonies with respect to action and execution
en the judgments, and he (the Noble and Learned Lord)
"shed to know what the constitution of those Courts of Error,
particularly in Jamaica, was ?
Lord GLENELG said they consisted of the Governor and
two or three of the Council.
Lord BROUGHAM.—.Two or three of what ?
Lord GLENELG.—Two or three of the Council. lam
aot sure.
Lord BR 0 UG H A M.--Why, this is the most extraordinary
tl'iobt, I ever heard.
The Marquis of S LIG o.—l can explain that.
I Lord BROUGHAM.—Ha, ha I—Stop stop I—(Much
aughter.) His Noble Friend did not draw the Bill. Was
there to be a Court of Error in every Colony ? If not, some
of Colonies would loose the protection of this clause.
'era were different constitutions in different colonies,
and he hoped his Noble Friend would accede to the
Ras
he was about to make. That proposition
to move for a return, stating the constitution
tuo Courts of Error, in the several Colonies respec-
w-slelY, to which the Bill applied. He trusted his Noble Friend
uuld not object to that.
Lord GLENELG had no objection to the return asked for
tt the Noble Lord, but he had a decided objection to postpone
e,i'econd reading of the Bill on that account. He was
to prepared to make all the statements witla reference to the
eure, which he thought necessary.
read9rd BROUGHAM had no wish to delay the second
lug of the Bill, indeed his opinion was that the sooner it
i..ar disposed of the better; but it was necessary that some in-
,lin,ation should be had on the subject.
he Duke of WELLINGTON thought that perhaps the
I‘el ter course would be to postpone the second reading from
qi:i'red ndaY to Tuesday, as before that time the information re-
by the Noble Lord might be procured.
viscount MELBOURNE bad no objection to any reason-
,,,postponement, but he objected after reproaches had been
cede
against the Ministers for not bringing in the Bill, when
lc 0a,t,13i1l was brought in, an application should come fram the
ut Lord to postpone it for the purpose of obtain-
information. Ho had no objection to postpone the
measure from Monday to Tuesday, for the convenience of the
‘,oble Duke.
Ras
BROUGHAM said, that what he had previously said
„s4a4sPerfectly consistent with the present proceeding. The
Qure had been brought forward iii such a shape as to
thi. der it impossible for him, or any other person, to call it any
fiebut ill shaped, and an abortion.—( Hear.) Was there
krhinX, he would ask, that was inconsistent in wishing a
s
ure to be brought forward without imperfections ? How
he tell whether he could agree to the principle of the
, lil, unless he knew how tha Courts of Error were consti-
eged.
gill Marquis of SLIGO thought it was dcsireable that the
'" should be carried through before Easter, in order that
trrtain proceedings should take place in the Colonies, which
le Bill rendered necessary.
Lord GLENELG had no objection to the proposition of
the
Noble Duke to ,stpone the second reading till Tuesday.
