WEYMOU rli, Doßsv.T.

Ity virtue of a Commission of A;Traisement le, issued.
from 11 s. Maiesty's Righ Court of A:ft-M1..14y, iOr Sale by
Auction, by pew.. Riettard7, at the Crowd Inu, un Thurs-
day, 0 ztooer the 6th, 18,3
rriiE. HULL, STORES, and • MATERIALS
11 atilt: Brig PROVI DENCE, a 'french Prize, well
found, anitthifts h I
i -out --;11.11St ; is well c.ikulat,d /Or the
1,-orCign Or Coasting "reade.—The said Brig,, is 6.3, felyt and 8
inches in length, and incheziin breadth, and adult:a-
u:Os tots tons.
I ivmediatel v after the Sale of,the Vessel.and Stores, will
he antriber CARGO, for Exportation or Holm Consump-
lion, consisting of 96 Casks, containing 48 Tont F„RENCI4
b KANDY ; 103 Casks, containing .41 Tons I RENCII
IV 1 N F." ; Haps. about 30 ewt . A NDS ; a quantity of
Bo'l'l' LE CORKS, and sundry o uG s,
For Catatozws.nud ;nether paticulars apply to Mr. Wit-
' 11:nn Weston, the. Commissioner, or to I it. A ; at
which places Catalogues May he had, and Sam pks ;ffitt I it.
ventoriess,.7en, three days previous to the. Sale, will
begin in 1....0•Q.1c.w1i: in the A:contain.

WHEN Professional Men of li'alucation anti
Resiititisibitity deviate hum the general Swetii by
the elettioti a a peeurisr branett, the satietion of lung con-
titteed success Is the best criterion 01 superiority.

Ei4lit years have 1. tievoteti r.tty praeliee to the exclusive
treittintit of Three' Disorders, and thesuCcesaiut rt.suit of
my titan gives me additimial ardor to appose, as tar as I am
able, the ravuges of • those Corn plaints whi,:h arc t I,e most
important in the Catalogue of loth-maks.
After initiation into every Branch, as :in Army Surgeon,
formed a wish at an early perkat of Pralice to rescue in.
dtvitistals from the ignorance of uneducated Incn, or the
;equally dangerous Kecip'..taney at gencril
The 'flame aisorders, to the Cure of which I have sic.
Yottxt my attention,- eoniprise every species at VENE.
REAL IN I. ECTION, whether of a recent or Imig du.
ration: Ail kinds of-debility, whether- iti;;:ing from
the habits of school.bqys, or the indulgences of mature
Avid, lastly, Lan derangement -9i the system in wo-
men which is called :3A R RENN F Si, or Sill ILIT y,

Numerous Diseases an- the result of iKtioratteet or haste
h the treatment of a simple Gonorrhoea; and it not un-
frequently happens that thu,k'eetts .of Life are poioned by
the Indi:teretinti of an unguarded hour.---lly a superior toe.
that such Comnlaints.asz easily cured; and, even where
others have failed, I trust that 1 inaf presume to otrer a
tadic.:l re-establishment..

Few, however, are the caset of complicated distress in
this disorder,,compared with the calamitous situations of
'Men, who, from an indulgeinx in a solitary vice, 4k the
prevalent gaieties of a fashion-aid,: lite, tiorlitine that atate
of Debility, Windt is the unavoidable consequence of such
perniciolis-habits.
Where the unlappy stitDrer broods over his misery,. but
carefully conceals-Ins inistOrtune, it may be some cousu.
lation for hint to 'know, that-although it be an übjei of
doutitor uncertainty witfi other Pratittinnersi the removal
of tbe4e Deficiencies by the- gradual progress of Itenova.
non, is the acquirement of Fay Experience. It the rites
of loiechus -Or Venuti have began to reduce Manly vigdur,
t.w.h anxiety will be prevents t by an early Counter.w.
uou of this languid butte ; and to these eases, no great
difficulty will occ..lr.

but where this Deficiency kis for years- existed, a proper
perseverance i$ •equiliite to ri:'vive the siCin...•
bent% Swirkb JI tire; and to re.,animate the Constitution.
M Altk lED%V 0 Al EN, w 11;0;r -1011 g bccit ,lisaPP°ll`ll
in their expetLitions or a Family, may-be that in
most.instancrs, sup ii dele,..is are curahte by Willi:al OA
The secrecy wiiicii is so essenti;ii to my or.tiettal..nig,
and tile qualifications which 1 have presumed to stale, Inert
the basis of my pretensions; and in eoiticidence
this intimation ts given, 'thit Mr. liree may be consuiteO
Personally, or by 'Letters (inclosing Note), at his
bSuse, No. a 9, Arundel-street, Strand, near 'I eitiple

.0- There is an additiolui Entrance in Viater-itreet,
141°Lning, and the Name is on both the doors.
Maitim tiro, Maltby; ot cladßoyal
,Goiloge of Surges-m.

Just' published,' by BRO DE R.l P 'and \ 1 I,I{:INSON., Ma-
nutaclureis of I'vlilitary Musical
.instruir.lcnts, .?
Jt
flayniarltei,
slotii •
rkti 'F.ACOP..for M
RY BAND, composed anti dedicxed by .Perrnission)
to His Royal ilioinebs the Prince of 'Wales, by J. C.
Mencke, price 7s.
'rhe Truinpet and Eltwie Sreundt, as ordered b)' His Royv.l
iligliness,the COLITITIarIdct in Chief, price is,
LesNisitandents, an o pra, b.:: 17. Dcyieune, and :I::•anged
for a Military Band, by Stainpf, price 75. od.
Barbara and *Allen, a favourite Opera Dance, arranged for
a Military Band, by 1. fouve, price'6s.
Pick's tst, 2d, and. 3d Sets of Military Divertisements,
•
price each ISS.
ROSettass.HalMonic, price tis, Hotrrnize.iler'N ditto, rico
6s. wielancrt Hae,notlic, puce 6s. Mbeart's
The Siege Orv.ileticienties 44.(i!cr.ted to Ilk Royal littlh.
ness the Doze of York, by M. P. Kinff, ;. 61. •
Handers Coronation whom, 1w I-I.7tt; y l'i.t
EleY'; Third Hook' of 'Nlart.ho: tc: A kiiiit.tfy t;u►tci, late
ros. 6d. .&c.

Wht,rer may be had, Concert • ill 'Prumpo3,
soons, Serpent:, CI Cytt11)11,:,
2,1!111..11",.'

• To Tlicr..:m.; TAvLoR
No. 9, New uridgNStrcet,
flonmured Sir, Edinbtrrgit„ Mitch IP, fEet.
J
IiEG leave to iniorm volt, thAt ever since, the
yur^yo,h:cve bvtil ,rip ::;:ii with the Lues Vette.
rea ;. wltiejl, from its obstinatelyresisttog e-,•ery e,ilrs,..T of
prestrihea by the mci t eminenr ot the I„aculty.
new, and wide r.,,L.Mg• several' to.vcrecotirses ut safiVarion,
and twice tiom little reitei,
would appear to rif the most inv,:terate hiture. 'ln the
spring of last yvdr Inv ,had g;n to Snell a head, as
nearly to put .4 p...riod to to}' hat! It large ulcce
on the crown or my heati, one on eaz:tl arm, and' my id's
were broke out in a. frightful manner ; my ri,.;ltt was dread,
fully painful, and had btxn in a Efate of L.t:ration tor the
last seven years Ici
,had alsl two large •noiles ,on its
was very much discoloured, and sitelt exerotiat.
ittg pain, orticularly r.%.‘rui in bell, a, neatly to de.
prtve ute of rest; itt this laln...inabl,• scat', I W:ii -
111a111ed I.IV Mr. j• 'rnompsou, who let:CV:O so great a
cure by them here), to take tour Leakc's Patetit
w hieh .1 h?„,,an to do ou the Atli of Alay ; in the course
of a furtiti,;hr, I tiegut to reeerve benefit —it( little more
than• a moot 11, the ulue.rs on my Ite:ti and arms Were
soeoully lte:llLd --soon .atter, the slit:. rut tray legs heitl64
also; leaving, however, consilieralle cilscolourai ion in tho
skin, and pain ift the bone of tilt:l;44 Which, by the !iles.
ling of clOti, :111(1 4 little loog,:r psrseveratwe in your itiva—
suable Medicine. subsided ; the noiles.diSpersink, the 3t; iii
regaininki its natitral nue, and the nocilornal p:tins grtilually
going oil. I thus became, by your liberal athice...uut Me.
diiin4l-rpolte,tly free Iron tbrtner complaints.—
hare recovered my former apiiitS and strength, anti
come jolly anti fat,. in which state liavingcourtittreil many
months to the aitortislimeitt of all iVho kiitinv foe, 1 lint at
loi:s in what terms to expraribygratituile, tint lxy you,
for the ;;Dort of :other. sufiering mortals, to matte fiat; ray
case as imblie as possible, a 4 an ev;.!ry ocOasioo
in. so itouig, you will greatly ,telt;:C, '.r, ).,or, grateini,,
obedieta, Vi'- . humble servant, AI.I' X . ',I E
Swan's elwe, Hikh.strect,
Witnesses to the above core :

lOHN Tuovirsox, Ne. -3, New. l'oultry ;Wail:et ;
joaN Ni‘;.)4 'COI n. Old Assembly-Close,
Prepared and Sold by the wile
THOMAS- TA Y LOX of 'the' Royal., Col lecy of stir
geons, at hi; !louse, No. 9. New Bridge-lAreet, Lon ion g
where, otter a constant residence ht.'itlace than thif ty-iiiK
years, in a practice particularly, threcied to the cute Of
VenetearCuittplaints and those tildiclental to the l'lrtsot
Generation, with that invhdable sec/try which men of
his profes.sion shwild'always olluerve in stu:li
. flatters hiinsell; the advice Ntd atiststittu: '
administe;,. to .ptirons tit ith; OA, M bat
esteemed, by a ill.scerniny an :I,lval:l4).;ct
4k-unattainable:mil rod ot all ambiguity.
Alq.) sold, by hit, appoiniincut, tor the Co4lvollenee ni
tluise livingat ttgs utnee at litL Porfirnier's. No, St. •
Alban' —strict, ; r:.O `r,)i shop,. NO. io4,
lord..strert ; Mr. Dit,bor‘Alk9l's, 7, I. 1314-atret!t.. lii.ll
liovlcheller, No. 1, anion-row, T.wer.
hilt .; Mr. RJr. Mae,.
donald, ; NIL Dobint ; ant 'oy (nal
lers,fli in considerable toWn Ja Great Eris:i ithii
and, only as. 94. se.iled Up With lull
atilt plain dincetions, whercm persori or cirlier S,K may
cure diornsulve, wifa spa!,
N. IL bvily !lox sold in (,ireat'lirtiain is staled up with
a ;stamp, Ork wJiith 1w .r2vour rti the,cllninlissiAers itt
printed, at Ow :...itamp-t)11;t.0--:-" 'l';iyiq. No. 9, NVW
I3rititße.strart,•' Ito Muctic tt it • Anti all ottual,

THE SUN.

QUIS DICSSI t4Lium Avosgrl

LON DOAr,I EPTE2I,IB ER z 6, 1803.

Twr► lianthurgb Maih arrived last iiight, by
which we have intelligence from Paris to the mth
instant, through the medium of the Paris jorfrlfah.
The Moniteur of the 4th contains a great num.
her of complaints against Portugal, of her having
favoured English vessels, in violation of the neutra-
lity which she ought to have observed.. These
were probably intended to pave the way for those
exorbitant demands upon that Country, which ac.
cording to much later intelligence have been since
complied with,
General DUFROE is said to be appointed Lieute.
nant.Qeneral of the Army of Penland. &Knit E k
will, it is said, bo appointed Commander in Chief.

So►ne Addresses from the Italian and French
Troops are inserted in the Parisian Journals, which
.are of course tilled with stale inveCtives against this
Country, and professions equally stale of unlimited
confidence in the Ft 135 T Corrsut. and the utmost de:
votion to his cause.

One account from Paris states, that Qpneral Au.
cimEnu was gone from thence to Bayonne, to oke
the command of an Army of 35,000 men destined
to march through Spain in order to attack Portugal.
This, we suppose, was previous to the purchase of
Neutrality made by the latter.
All the Troops in the Departments contiguous to
Paris, to the amount of too,oco men, are stated to
have received orders to hold themselves in readiness
to march to the coast before the end of this month.

BONATARTZ was expetied immediately to set
out fur Si. Oinir's.

The fitting out of privateers has been forbidden
in all the ports of France. This measure is sup.
posed to originate in an intention of employing them
in the expedition against England.
The Porte is seriously afraid of an attack upon
Greece or Egypt, In the former country the in.
t►abitanto 114ve evidently been worked upon by
French inflneneF.

A Russian Fleet was expeaed soars' to 'pass the
Dardanelles, and cruize in the IViediterranean.
In Letters from Vienna we are told that the
Russian Court has sent a new pruposition of media.
Lion to London and Paris.

The Emt.Etto it of Russ; 16 owed in letters from
Naples, to have succeeded in taking off' front the
Neapolitan Government the weight of supporting.
the French Troops in the Provinces of Ovegfia and.
ifbruzzS,.who are bereaftei to he supported at the
expence of the French Republic. They are to be
reinforced however by rB,OOO men. Their °Nett
is stated to be the island of. Sicily.,

From Brussels of the loth inst, we learn that
all the Vesseli
.there, together with their Crews,
bave'bcen liut in requisition by the French Govern.
Tent.

The French 'Army in Holland, will, it is stated,
he reinforced tolofooo men. The Generals of most
note appointed to the Ar•ny of Etigland, exclusive
Of MAfislifiit and AUGRRRAU, whose services are
tlated to have been 'accepted, arc said to be DRS.
SOLLES, SRRRURIRR, LEVIIVRI, . LECOURRE,
EARACIJAV.D'HILLIRRI, VICTOR, BELLIARD,
Citt,SAGNE, SOUC/PIT, \YAWNER, and DOM DI,

Ai ti F.'..

'nett. is a report at Parise that General RQ.
cum,ta gAU had landed in France from St. Domingo.

An official acconne of the late Expedition against
Crair.)i4e, bas at length been published. The
caterte 'of .Saturday' contains a letter from Sir
)AME4 SAIMAA EZ) detailing the partiaulars*.of the
attack, from which it appears that the result has
been much exaggerated. The bombardment was
kept up for 3 hours, early on Wednesday morning
the r 4th, and was renewed soon after five the next
morning, and maintained till half past ten, when
the 54uadrOn withdrew from the attack. Twenty..
two French Gun Boats hauled out of the Pier, and
kept up a very heavy fire upon our Squadron, with.
ont, however, doing much execution. And nine
afterwards attacked the Cerberuj when she ground,
ed, but were forced to take shelter in the •Port.
tint Sir JANses does not state
,that any of the Gun
ilpats-vv'ere destroyed or captured. With morel
to the damage done to the Town,' &c. Sir J,Sivtas
says it was not possible to ascertain it, and merely
observes, that as titr-ing the bombardment very few
any) of the shells missed taking effea, it must.

have beep oOns4ticrable, No 1066 was sttstab4ll on
our part. ,
In the same GAzette there is also a letter from
Captain OWEN, of Hip Majesty's ship mmortallii,
giving an account of the bombard:tient of
Dieppe and Saint Valery en Caux, froth which it
appears that the former town was.so fire ;o in three
places, and at the latter, the enemy were for the
most part driven from their hatteiies, whilst the
inhabitants fled into the Country, and arc supposed
to have suffered much from the direCtion in which
rimy of the shells burst. On board our cittadron one
man is missing, and fi.de were slightly wounded.

BY advises from the Cape of Quoti !lope, dated
the loth June, we learn that the French Squadron
under the command of Admiral L;NO s$ consisting
of one Ship of 74 guns, two Frigates, and a num.
her of Traniports, had sailed from thence for Pon.
dicherry with ltro Troors on hoard. It was sup.
posed that it would touch at the Mautitius. It is
therefore very possible that our Fleet in the Indian
Seas may fali in with this Squadron, and if SQ we
shall no doubt hear a good account of it, •

This morning arrived the Dublit; Mail of the
zad inst. It brings no news. We have taken
from a Dublin Paper the Speech of Emmet to the
Court, previous to Sentence of Death being passed
upon him,

Saturday more the Dugs of YORK arrived at
Windsor on military, business with His MAJESTY.
His MAJESTY attended by Lords WALSINQIIAM,
CATHCART, General FrrzitoT, and Major I)Es.
allow, took an airing on horseback by Ascot
Heath and Swinley.
HER MA j EsTY and Princesses AUGUSTA, ELIZA,
pant and MotT, took 4n airing in a sociable
through Eton and Langley Park, and returned
by Datchet., where HER MA j ESTY and PR IN-
CESSES were ferried over in the large boat, after.
wards the carriage and horses followed.

The PRINCEs9 Amei..l4 took an airing in a
sociable by Virginia Water and Sunning Hill.
Yesterday mo:-ning at eight o'clock TitEllt
Mn-
"S
Its attended prayers at the Chapel royal in
the Castle.

At ten o'clocic the Royal Family walked to St,
qeorge's Chapel, where they heard an excellent
Sermon preached by Dr. Doosw oRTir , from the 4
chapter of Romans and 71h Verse;

" Fut ilowt•of liveth to himself, and no man dieth to
himsel!,t'

The ROYAL FAMIL,T walked after Divine Ser.
vice to the Lodge, and were greeted by Ft very
numerous and genteel company, whom the unusual
fineness of the day had drawn to Windsor.

At one one o'clock the PILINcEssEs ELtz,PTH
and AMELIA, attended by Lady citAtaEy, took
an airing in a sociable in the neighbourhOod of
Eton, Lipton, and" Langley.
It is said that Hl3 MA) Eery Will review all the
Volunteer Coro in the Metropolis on the ztst of
Oeiober.

On Saturday were landed at Mr. PRItRY'S Dock
at Allackwall, eighty white and cieam coloured
fiorses, with thirty grooms, belonging to Hlg
MAlssrse, from Hanover. Also His Mnivsty's
Plate, from the same place. The Horses are to 4o
to Cumberland Lodge, Windsor Park. .
,By the Lad of I.iverisool iietter of Marciue, ar-
rived at Plymouth from Saint Vincent's, an ac.
count has been received of the surrender of the
Dutch Settlements of Pemrrarq and hsegmik tq'the
British Arms.

Saturday's Gazette contains loyal Addresses to
the King, from the Grand Jury of the City of
Cork ; from the. County ,of Kerry from tle
Bishops, Peans, Chapters, Archdeacons, Clergy,
&c. of the dioceses of Lincoln, Peterborough, Ban.
gor, Chichester, Qloucester, and St. As4ph.
A COurt.Martialhas been lately held onboard
the Pillory, in the Mediterranean, on the Hon.
Captain Woo.tiouse, and the Officers of the Re.
rittance, fur the loss of that Ship.on.the jtst of
May last, on Cape Sr. Vincent. 'After the cir.
cutustancc of her loss were minutely considered, the
Hon.
.Captain WOREHUUSE was aquitted ; Mr.
Rose, the Master, was sentenced to be dismissed
the service, and Lieu!. SoyTtlcoTT, 4) be severely
reprimanded fur his misconduct.

The burial of Lieut, ScoTT (late of the Prbicru
Augusta Anniql cutter, who was killed' in an anion
with two Dutch Privateers off the Texel, as men,
tioned in out Paper of Saturday), took place at Do.
ver on Sa t urday afternoon. At four o'clock his corpse,,
wish one of the sailors, was taken out of the vessel,
and the proces.ion proceeded to the elturch.yard in
the following order i—ist, a company of grenadiers
from the Oxtbrd Regt. of Militia ; next the Oxford
band, and then the body of Lieut. S, the pall support.
ed by six Lieutenants of the Navy ; after that came
the corpse of the Seaman, followed by the-Master
and all the crew of the vessel, and other mourners;
then the Leicester Band, followed by Captains Es-
t's r‘Wetay, RI climes, FABIAN, and other Officers of
the Navy ; the Officers of the Leicester and
ford Militia ; the Officers of the zith Light Dra.
goons ;, and last of all, the lion. Colonel &otos.
Rtct; and Major THORLPY. The Bands played -a
dead march up to the churchyard. The funeral
was-numerously attended by the lnliabitants, as a
tribute of respect to the memory of the deceased.
Lieutenant Score was a' brave and excellent
Officer. When conveying to his cabio after he had
received his`death.wountl, he repeatedly cheered his
men, and eihorted than not to give the Cutter
away. When the great disparity force between
the .PtriNersa Augusta. and the •Enerny is considered,
much credit is due to the Officers and Crew, for
their spirited conduet the Princess Aglista carries
only 8 four.pounders and it men ; one ot the Dutch
Privateers was very large, and carried. at least 70',
men ; the other did not carry less titan so men, and
bath or them had wuch heavier metalled
,gutis than
the Cutter.

ThiVAL NEWS,

&cut 41.,e LONDQN GAJEITE, Sept. 24, IEO3.

Adm;rl7ll),..o.ffice, Settemler 24 t sa3.

Ca` ' of a Letter from Sir
.1-arttes Sauma fez„ K. B.
Pear. Admiral of the Blue, to Sir Ervgn Nepean,
.Bart. dated on hoard Mt Majesty's Ship Cerherus,
of Granville, the is.th irritant.
SIR,

I beg you will please to inform my Lords Com.
niissioners of the Pribniralty, that, having been
joined by the Terror bomb on the Bth, and the
Sulphur on the t 3th instant, I embarked on board
His Majesty's ship Cerberus, and sailed from Guern.
sey Roads the following morning, th the Char.
well and Carteret Cutter in company.
It blowing a strong breeze from the Eastward,
it was not until Tuesday evening I was enabled to
get off Granville, when, having had an opportu-
nity to reconnoitre the Enemy's Gun Vessels and
other Craft within the Pier, and the different Batte-
ries by which they were protaltd, I anchored in
the Cerberus as near Shore as the Tide would admit,
having only sixteen feet at low water : at eleven
the Terror came up, but having also grounded, it
was not until two o'clock that Captain Hardinge was
enabled to place his ship in the Position assigned to
her, which he did in a most judicious manner, and
lopped a brisk fire from his two Mortars, which
was 'returned from the Mortar and Gun Batteries on
the Heights near the Town, and also from some
Guns on, the Pier, and the Gun-Vessels placed in
the entrance.

From the number of well.dire4led Shells thrown
from the Terror into the Pier, and parts of the
Town, I am persuaded they must have done very
considerable damage. The fire was kept up till
after five &clock, when I thought it adviseahle to
recall the Terror, and anchored with this ship and
the Charwell a short distance further from the
Town.

The Su!pile:. Bomb', whose bad sailing prevented
her from beating tip, joined shortly after, and also-
anchored, The loss on this occasion vas two men
wounded by splinters on board the Terror.
A few, shells were thrown in the evening, but
the Tide prevented .the -Ships getting sufficiently
near to be attended with tpuell cad-
This morning the Squadron were under sail be-
fore dawn of day, acid 411 circumstances concurred.
to enable them to take their respedive stations with
the utmost precision ; the two Mortar-Vessels
,opened brisk and well,direOed fire soon after five
o'clock, which was unremittingly kept up until
half-past ten, when the falling Tide rendered it
necessary to withdraw from the Attack. Twenty.
two Gun-Vessels, that had hauled out of the Pier,
drew up in a regular line, 4rxi kept up a heavy
fire, jointly with the batteries around the port, with-
out doing much execution,
The Cerberus, after getting under sail, grounded
on one of the sandbanks, and remained above three
hours befote she floated'; nine of the Gun Boats,
perceiving her situation, . endeavoured to annoy her,
and kept up a heavy fire upon her for some time,
but were silenced by the Charwell and icite, anti
also by the fire from the Sulphur and Terror Bombs,
and by Carronade Launch of the Cerberus, under
the orders of Lieutenant Mansell, assisted by the
Wing and Carteret, which obliged them to take
shelter in their Port,

• In the performance of this intricate service I can-
not too' highly aplaud the zeal and persevering ex-
ertions uf all the Qificers and Men under my orders';
and I should no; do justice to the merits of Captain
Selby, was I not to acknowledge the able assist-
ance I have received from him since I have had the
honour of being in his Ship. The steadiness and
good condua of all the Officers and men in the Cer-
bents, during the time the Ship was aground, also
do them infinite credit.

The various services on which Captain M'Leod,
of the Sulphur, and Captain Hardinge, of the Ter-
ror,
.have been employed this War, are already suf-
ficiently known, but 1 will venture to assert that
in no instance can they have displayed greater zeal
and gallantry than on the present occasion ; and
great praise is also due to Lieutenant Maya tney
and Lieutenant Smith, and the parties of Artillery
embarked on board the respative Bomb Vessels. it
is not possible to ascertain the damages the E,nemy
have sussained on this occasion, but as, during the
Bombardment, very few (if any) of the Shells
missed taking effeet, they must have been very con-
siderable.

I am, tic. JA. SAUMAREZ.
Admiralt).o.ffice„ Sept, 24, 1803.

Cop) of a Letter from Rear Admiral Montague
to Sir Evan Nejean, hart, dated on board His
Majesty's Ship the Utrecht, in the Down:, the
20th instant.
•
Mit

Inclosed I have the Honour to transmit a Dup
cste of Intelligente received from Captain Owen,
of Hitt Majesty; Ship the Immortalize, the original,
being sent to the Commander in Chief.
I am, &e.
ROBERT MONTAGU.
Rif Majesty Ship Immortalize,
4'aint Pager/ en Caux, littb
_ September, 1803.

MY LORD,
In obedience to the order of Rear Admiral Mon.
tagu, I, at eight o'clock this morning, in company
with the Perseus and Explosion Bumbs, commenced
an Attack, upon the Batteries which proted the town
of Dieppe, and Veiisels building there (in number,
seventeen).

The firing was continued on both sides till put
eleven, when the Lee Tide making strong, and
the Town having taken fire badly in one place,
and slightly in two others, I caused the Bombs to
weigh, and proceeded with them off Sr. Valiery en
Caux, where they are construeling six 'Vessels, and
at three in the afternoon opened, our fire at that
place for an hour. The E,nemy was for the most
part driven from their Batteries, the Inhabitants
flying to the country, and judging from thediredion
in which many of the shells burst, they must have
soffv'red much.
On a Service of this nature we cannot expeti to
e,cape unhurt ; I have, l?oWever, pleasure in re.
porting to your Lordship, that although the Ene.

my's fire, especially'. from Dieppe (which is very
strong in Batteries), was heavy and well..direaed,.
and that many of their shot took effeti, our loss
has been but small ; the Perseus has one man miss.
ing, arid the Serjeant of Artillejv is sliglllY,
xounded. The Boatswain of this Ship anti three
Seamen were bruised by splinters, but did not leave
their quarters ; the other damage (but that not ma.
terial), is confined chiefly to the rigging,
The marmer olexecating my instruCtions, and tilt
judgment shewn in placing and managing the Bomb
Vessels, entitle Capr. Methuist end Capt. Paul to
my best and warmest thanks ; their tam-ulna has been
every thing I wiAi, and they speak highly of the Of•
.facers anti Detachments of the Royal Artillery ern. .
basked with them, as well as of the Officers and melt...
of their respeaiVe ',7rews. My opinion of the First
Lieutenant of this Ship, Charles F. Payne, is already
known to your Lordship, and his condo& this day,'
as well as that of the other Lieutenants, Officers, and •
men, without exception, has fully justified the te-
ports I have made your Lordship concerning them
On former occasions, who have the Honour to be, &C.
E. W. C. R. OWEN.
Risks Mn. Lard Keith, K. B.
&c. &c.
Admiralty.O.fcr, Sept. z 4, 1803.
Copy if a Letter from Capt. Hallowell, of His Ma.
jesty's Ship Argo, to Sir Evan Nepon, Bart.
dated at Sea, the 12th Sept. 1803.
SIR,
Be pleased to acquaint their Lordsitips, that His
Majesty's Ship Argo has this day captured
L'Oiseati
Cutter Privateer, of ten wins, and sixty-eight men, •
commanded by Nicholas Brune Daubin, Enseigpe ,
tie
Vaisseau : her Second Lieutenant was" unfortu-
nately
killed by one of our guns during the &les
She had been nine days from Rochlort, and "ken
nothing,
I am, Sir, 84x.
B. HALtOWELL,
Almiralo.osce, Sept. 24, 1803•
Copy of a Letter from Lieut. William Gibbon!,
commanding Ills ltlajesfy's Hired Cutter Joseph)!
to Sir Evan NeAran
hurt.
dat
:be loth inst.
data at Falmouth;

SIR,
Having received orders from Capt. Bass, of His
Majesty's Brig Gannet,
to cruize off Mount's Bay
l
and being led considerably to the Southward and
Westward in chace, and by strong gales of vdr)(l4
blown off Cape Finisterre, on the Bth of this front"
at daylight, and at the clearing qp of a fog, disco. •
vered the Maria Privateer of Guernsey two or OW
miles to windward of qs in chace of two Brigs, °O
of which, L'Espoir, Privateer of St. Malot, vos
firing her stern chasers at her, end at times giving
her broadsides ; we tacked, and in ahout an hour we
got within pistol shot of pert and gave her ()°,e
tour-pounder, and some muskets, 'when she struck
her Colours, having wounded one man slightly °I.
board the Maria, and having one of her own men
wounded. She proved to be L'EsPoir Privateer' of
St. Main's, of six guns,
six.poUnderst and fifty-tmen. I- sent the Maria after the other Brig,. ier
Prize, being the fastest sailer, and in two hours
rezoptared her, proving to be the 'lwo Friends
of
gado
London, from More to London.
tyo

I have th—c Honour to he, &c,
W. GlBB°l\''S*

E

Frigate, of g 4 guns,
Pi.YMOUTH, SEPT. z4.—Sailcd the ,
—.......
Maim
Downs ; the T thou Frigate, of 32 guns, with 4
with a Convoy for the
Company of Artillery- on board fir Cork ; the
Etrefynrion Frigate on a Cruize to the Westward
the Ann and Amelia East India Ship from Bengal,
Transport
for the River i and the Maar, Capt. WAY°•°"'
for London.
The gth Regiment 4
are embarking.% °n .board
Arrived the Trend( Winner, Capt. SqttAtillltiGl
Transports for Cork, and will sail in a few days.
from Longsound.

Greenwich, -,...
from the South
Po ttTsmutrilt, Se P.T. 25. -- Arrive. t •
A he Ship
Seas and Botany Bays,
fru the last place in 115 days. Site brought !WO
TNOL,
Lieutenant '
-s, with Dispatches, and left lite
Colony
in high prosperity' es
Arrived the following Ships, with Naval
Stor
for this Port : William, ATKINON, from iliol
G4odkeNsight, Boiv, from FrederiCkStallf) Fillsa-
isrize, Hutcrea, from Petersburg!), and 1P /11'94
HENTHNOCX, from Dantzic..
A/frivol ' the Charlotte Schooner,. Lieut. AI;/:•
from a Cruize ; Berta Bomb, Spedwei/ AMIN
Brig, and William Store.ship, from the Downs'

andBIE
WEAL, SEPT. 2;.—His Majesty's Sloop 40%1
..11.1•••••••••
bwOtag: d; Gaunod. hi rbiigs ,
mcoimrneinign ytehesteir
jdayx,s
Fermin. Pun:brig; sailed to the Northward.
His Majesty's Ship Mermaid came in yestertlaY
morning from the Northward, anti sailed (hit day
to the Westward.
His Majesty's Gun..br;g Conflig sailed this iii-
ternoon to the Westward.
The
River.
TitatgverrEast-India Ship sailed this
noon utter,
ri
Iltfichls
Remain in the. Downs, the Monarch,
York, Giallo:, Inemorialit4and.Bioadhound.

Capt. WAINWRIGHT is appointed to
m trillions,
.ind of the Royal at Portsmouth; age,is
Capt. CAMPBELL to the Doris Frigates at. 'l-4P'
mouth.and
Capt. PIERISPOINT if appOinted to (01
the Seat Fencibles at Liverpool. o
The Excellent, of 7+ guns, Capt. SoTireit are
and the Amazon, of 36 guns, Capt. l' boon')
Asti.Ea,
ordered to convoy the fleet of morchanatien
to the Mediterranean, the c

F

{

,
r ,
THE following i 4 a 'oolcv of a Letter, addressetl
, ..
by Ilisikeyal Highness MONst ru'tt, .to I-1 ts Iliti.
TANNIC MA; ESTV. . It was probably owing to this
letter, 'that a report was . lately circulated of the
French Princes being about to ere& the koyal
Standard on the Continent. , .
[" MONSIECTI :`lo\ 1' atr.E 7 Cot/SINE, .
" It is insu, and with with a feeling the most the liveliest
i• • sense of grAtitimi7., that t avail iiii :.elf
• of existing cIICUM.
stances, to' request of your MAs ,is i ,r, on my own behalf, in,
that of my Sons, of the l'ainceny c•msiiis, and of all French-
Men residing in your Majesty's Dumiiiiotta, that vou would be
pleaLcd t,i allow us to unite ourselves to your Litltful Sub-
* Jets, and to offer our services agliu,it out conimon enemy.
" We are Frenchmen, Sire,' and neitker our mislatunes,
nor the many acts or injustice we Inve experienced, have
, I
weakened tlie.s:,,ered ties' that bind us to our Country; hut' . . ,
1 -the man who has for the present subjugated France, and ten.
. derett it the instrument of his perfidious ambition, is in truth
as much the enemy of every Frenchman as he is of your
C 1%,'1 A j I'4TX:in-A of your paternal Government.
~., " Ou taking this step, we thereldre fulfil a-double duty ;
'and if your MAJF.STV- eigns to accept of our Services, we
will enter Into a rivaiship with your loyal fiu'ojeds, in order
to prove to too the-tull *extent of our gratitude.
t,...,, ' ....v...pray your, MAILS*/ v. to receive, withwithyour usual
1390(i OcciS, thtlionwe, equally sincere'as respectful, of every
il• sentiment with whieh tshall :ilwaj a remain, - ,
i . " Moxs. MON FREar. ur Coustxg."

DUPL/N, Sr r. z 2.

MR. ROBE!: I:4MET.
The followiri is the Speech, which this.unfortu.
I rate young man made previous-it) passing` of that
sentence which he so justly incurred ;
" lam asked if I have any thing to say why stn.
fence of death should not be pronounced upon me—
; Was Ito suffer only death, after being adjudged
guilty I 'iltonld bow in %ilence--:,.but a man in my
situation has. not only to etnnhat with the klifikul-
ties of fortune, but also the difficulties of prejudice—
, the sentence of the law which delivers over his body
tit the executioner e,wsigns his charatlerto obloquy.
The man dies--but his memory hues ; and.that imine
may not forfeit all claim. to the respect of my coun.
hymen, I use this occasion to,v indipte myself from
• some of the charges advanctid. against toe. -Lam
charged with being an emissary' of France;'
'false ! I ant no.emissary ; I did not wish to tie.;
liver up my Country' to a FL..e.ign., Power,'. and
least of all to France. ! never did I enter-
tain the idea of establishing French Power, in
Irelariti—,-God forbid I. On • the contrary, it is
'evident from the introduEtory pat.:.grapb of the
• Address of the Provision.al Government, that every
hazard attending an independent effort was deethed
tpreferable to the inure filial risk of introdUcing a
rench Army into the Country—small would be our
claims to patriotism and to sense, and palpable
oafs Offeelation of the love Of Liberty, if we were
to encotnage the profanation of our shores b a
People who are slaves themselves, and. the un"
yrincipled and abandoned instruments of impos.
ing slavery en others. If sack an inference is
'dr 3wn from any. part .of 'the Proclamation of the
'Provisional Government, it calumniates their views,
and is not 'Warranted by the fall--how could they
:speak of freedom to their Countrymen—how as..
'some such an exalted motive, and meditate the in.
troduaiun of a power which has been the' enemy of
freedom in every part of the globe ? Reviewing the
condua of France to other ei.ontries, could we ex_ better towards us ? to Let not then any man
attaint my memory by believing that I could have
hort'd fteeditm through the aid of France, and betray-
ed the sacred cause of Libeq, by committing it to the
power of her most determined fire ; had I done so,
I had not deseisad to live, and dying with such a
ks eight upon may charatieri I 'had merited the
honest execration of that country which gave me
.birth, and to which I would have' given freedom.
Had I been in. Switzerland,. I 'would have- fought
against the French. In the dignity of 6eedom I
would have expired on the threshold of that coun.
try, and they should ;have entered it only by passing
Over my lifeless curses Is icy then, to be supposed,
that t would he slow to make, the same sacrifice to
try native land i. Am I, Mir, lived but to be
of service to my country, and who would sub.
501 myself to the bondage • of the grave to
give her independence—am Ito be loaded with
the foul surf grievous 'Calumny of being an emir.
• nary of Prance f—.-My Lords, it may be part of
the system of angry justice to boW'a man's mindby
, turniliation to meet the ignominy of the scaffold ;
but wore to ale than the scaffold's shame, or the
uaffold'S terrors, Would,be the imputation of hay...
sng. been. theagen; of French despoliSm, and ambi-
tioo ; and while.l have-breath I. will call upon my
; countrymen not to believe itie guilty of so fi'ml a
' against tkeir liberties. and their happiness.
Though you, my I.Ord, sit ,there a Judge, and
I stand here irtcolprit, yet you are but a man,
and I am another ; I have 'a right, therefore,
to vindicate. my
charaCier and MOtives front' the
asiter-Aions of calumny ; and as t man to whom
ta.tttels dearer thandite, 'svill make the last use' of
that life ill resetting my name and my memory from
tohe_!ti, Ikting,imputat ion of having been an etnissary
t rupee, or set tang her interference in the inter.
nalregulation of her alLirs.
French army Did .1
tO see a
apprO3Ch this otlntry; I would meet
it on the shore, with a torch in one hand aid
a
sword in the I
otaerl would receive them with all
thedeqruFlion of war ! .1 would animate my coun.,
!rYinen to iminOlate their in very ' and
"e Foie our native soil should ba polluted by a foreign
Roe, if they succeeded in landing, I would burn
every blade of grass before them--raze every house—
Contend to the last for every inch of ground--and
the Last spot in which ale hope of frcedom should
desert me, that spot`l would make my grave !
What I eannut do, I leav'e,a legacy to my country,
bt:cause I feel conscious that my death were; unpro.
fitable, and all hope of liberty exlinfl, the moment.
ti French army obtained a footing in this island"
After.some further matter, he concluded thus—
' "hSY lamp of life is nearly expired ;my race is
; the grave opens to receive me, and I sink
Into its bosom. All I request then, at departing
from the world, is the charity of its silence. Let
nu man write my ei;itaph, for as no man whO ktiows.
motivesmy dare vindicate them, let not .prejudice
carignoraoce asperse them • Let ithere and me re-
:. Post in obscurity and peace, and my tomb remain
uoinstribed, 'till other time 4 and other glen cab da.
justice to my choratter."

tunate young man's 'exculpation` of himself fmni .tl.e
,*charge of cooperating with the French in ;lily de.
. sign to invade this country ; and, whether volutl.,
tart' or involuntary, it is an evidence against the
charafter of the common enemy, which coming from-
such authority, ought, and. We trust-will have ,the
most salutary effect upon all who may have partici-
pated in his principles or histreasons..• .
Let the people of this country profit, by the use.
fill admonition : it is sufficient to banish from ate
,most tainted mind; the least incliOation of counte..
'mincing this perfidious people, at the same time that
it Inuit raise additional resolution in the breasts of
others, to stand forth with .vigour and lacrity in-
defence. of all ,that is dear to .them,, against the at:
tempts of an Enemy, wifich even the abettors of Re-
bellion hold in ;lhorrence:

. .
' We lament that. such talents as Mr. Emmet pos.
sesseol were not direaed 'to "better purposes ; but
While hts death has furnished an, awful example 'to
others, and to a certainty cut of the head and
spring of rebellion in this country, his trial is fraught
with much useful and satisUtory information to
the public ; it has disclosed the late conspiracy in
all its parts, and cOnfirMed our uniform opinion of
it—that it was contemptible and inefficient, and
stood isolated and detached from popular sympathy
and co.operatiori. The principal persons engaged
in this visionary undertaking were those very Men,.
whose criminalittor dissaffeetion were manifested
in the Rebellion of 1798. No ,new.charaaer of
consequence, power, or respedability, .• appears at-
tached to 'them ; and the whole turns out to be the
last-effort of expiring sedition, which by its attempt
to overthrow, has contributed to the firma esta.
blishment of our excellent Constitution. •

My. Emmet, after his trial on Monday evening,
was taken to Newgatc, where dinner had bten pre.
pared for him. He there requested to see one of
the Gentlemen who were engaged in his defence.—
, To him,. it is generally rumoured, he male a full
diSchsttre of Millie means he had used to effea the
late InSurrettion, and authorized him to make it
known to Government. He declared himself the
chief mover and instigator of that atternp to effect
a revolution, and solemnly denied having any.asso.
dates in this country of either property or respec.
tability. He accounted for the expences incurred by
preparations fur rebellion, by stating that he had
received on the death t)f his father 25661. and that
he had expended of that sum 1.4.001. in purchasing
the arm: found in the dept in Marshalsea.lane.—
He also denied•having sotieited or received any as.
si,tance from the French Government, and protested
were this CountrY invaded by Frenchmen, from his
information of their principles anti conduct wherever
they went, that he would be one of the mast zeal.
ous in the expulsion
.of ouch treacherous, rapacious,
and sanguinary miscreants.,

THE THEATRE.

Covent Garden.

ON Saturday last Mr. KE.laI4 made his first
appearance at inis Theatre in the chara&er of llaltt.
let. Nothing could be more flattering than the ap.
plause which he received on.his entrance, which for
some minutes suspended the 'progress of the Play.—
His excellence in this charaaer is.too well known
,to 1-I.c-toile any analysis or eulogium. He sustained
it with such grace, digni'iy;and expression as mani
fested a thorough. knowledge of his Author. In
some passages he resumed the words used in the
earlier Editions,. and restored the fine soliloquy
which begins with
How all occasions do.inform against me
66 And spur my dull revenge."

. This Speech was restored by Mr. GARRICK, but
his 'generally been omitted since his time.' KEM-
!
BLS, however, transferred it from the Fourth Act
to the -Scene immediately, Preceding, the Fencing
Match in the Fifth. The transposttion was very
proper,' as it showed that lia',#ilet had' not'lost sight
of his revenge, and prepared the mind for his final
,vetsgeance on the murtieroui: Usurper.
• Miss MORTIMER, who has acquired a high re.,
ptitation as a Singer in several Country Music
Meetings, appeared, for the firy time on the
in-the charaler of• Ophelia. She is low in stature,
'but possesses an agreeable person, and a face clia-
ble of expression. Her eyes are piercing anti intel-
"lif;e►tt ' She appeared. to understand the charader of
• Ophaia'fully. ,All she Said, was marked by feeling
and good sense, though 'delivered rather in too la.
honied a manner. We ought, however, to make
every liberal allowance for a mere novice on the
stage, and be satisfied with that sensibility and
judgment which we have noticed.
• But Miss Mog•rtsssit's chief mtrit is her vocal
excellence. She possesses a fine, strong, clear-toned
voice, and .a Correa ctn.', We shotilti have been
morn pleased if she had:nut introduced a shake 'so
often in the airs which Ophelia sings during her
:madness, hit had given them with a wild charac-
teristic simplicity. We have,:greo hopes of this
young Lady, and heartily syinpathited in the warm
encouragement which she received from the audience.
COREY performed the part of the Kitt!, and ap
peared to more than usual advantage. C. KEMBLE
was a very spirited taertet.
The House was full at an early hour ; anti Mr.
Keivinte through the whole of his performance,
excited strong and repeated testimonies of general
approbation.
