SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

A very valuable pamphlet, of 140 pages, pub-
lished by Mr. Ridvvity, itit ter t! e title of " Cna-
racter, Object, :toil Effects of Trades' Unions,"
has just been sent to us. The wtiter is fully ac-
quainted with all the arcnia of these formidable and
mischievous associations, and his statements are
evidently derived, as he says, " principally from per-
sonal communication with manufacturers who have
seen or suffered the effects of combinations." Many
of his statements will make a great impression on
all men of any reflection, and we earnestly recom-
mend the perusal of the pamphlet, as calculated to
be of great service at this time. The writer, a man
of strong sense, after the very alarming picture
which he gives of the mischievous activity of trades'
unions, and the calamity in which they have in-
volved thousands and thousands of workmen, con-
cludes with proposing some alterations in the exis.-
ing laws respecting combinations. He by no means
wishes to re-enact the combination laws. " To a
proposal of this nature (he says) we should give a
decided and unqualified opposition. Such laws
would be both ineffectual and unjust, and either
reason ought to be sufficient for their condemna-
tion. The experience of centuries has shown
that legal impediments to combinations have no
power in suppressing them, and that their only
effect is to render the members more ferocious and
secret in their operations. Every trade in Dublin
was united in the closest bonds of union, long be-
fore the repeal of the combination laws; and both
there and elsewhere outrages have been, upon the
whole, less frequent since the abolition of those
enactments. Of more than one hundred wit-
nesses examined before the combination committee
of 1824, only one wished their continuance; and
even he, to a certain extent, bore testimony, with
the rest, to their inefficiency. The evidence taken
by the committee which sat in the succeeding year,
was equally decided on this point ; it would, there-
fore, be absurd to resort to an expedient thus uni-
versally condemned. Combinations seem to have
been more systematically conducted, and more exten-
sive, since the alteration of the law respecting them ;
but they have also been more open and direct;
the extent and character of the danger cannot now
lie misunderstood, nor a remedy applied in ignorance.'
This is the advantage we have gained by the repeal.
It has given greater confidence to the workmen, so
that we are no longer in ignorance of their operations.
The writer justly observes, that " occasional unions,
whose only object is to do that in common which,
beyond all question, might be done by each member
severally, arid supplied with no other means of pro-
curing combined action than the conviction which
may arise from their discussions, arid the shame
Which will attach to the apparent defection of the
common cause, are undoubtedly entitled, if not to
the favour, at any rate to the sufferance of the law."
Neither does the writer object to permanent clubs
or confederacies possessed of funds for supporting
the workmen who refuse to work at the rate of
wages offered. "In all such confederacies, how-
ever," he says, "it should be observed, there is a law
enabling the society to expel any member who
should refuse to abide by any resolution on the
subject of wages adopted by the majority ; and such
member would at the same time be deprived of all
benefit from the sums previously contributed by him
the way of subscription. Such a forfeiture is
undoubtedly a compulsory process, and it is a for-
feiture exacted for the doing a lawful act ; that is
to say, for working at such wages as a man may be.
able to obtain." Even here, however, the writer
observes, " that the better opinion seems to be
against legislative interference." But it is other-
wise when the combinations become aggressive, and
unfortunately they have recourse to a most syste-
matic mode of aggression. Here the writer thinks
the law ought to interfere; and lie does not hesi-
tate to recommend means which will no doubt be
objected to by many as liable to abuse; however,
tie will allow tee writer to dest.t.:l,e the arid
the means by which he proposes to meet it :

. .
" When a strike has taken place in any factory, men are al_
ways stationed to keep watch on the building, and also on
every avenue leading to it, whose business it is to prevent fresh
workmen being engaged in the place of those who have
turned out. Every labouring man who appears to be seeking
employment in the direction of the factory, or having accepted
employment in it, is returning from it, is stopped and interro.
gated ; and should he prove refractory, is threatened or mal-
treated. This system of picqueting mills has been carried to
the greatest extent in Manchester; where the obnoxious factory
is always watched by five or six men, unknown in the imme-
diate neighbourhood, and who, on a given signal, can be re-
inforced to the extent of three hundred. These picquets are
regularly relieved by night and by day, with as much order and
method as is observed by an army in a hostile country ; and so
effectual are they in producing the desired end, that an esta-
blishment is not unfrequently kept in a state of literal siege;
no one can enter or leave it without danger of molestation;
and if fresh workmen have by any means been introduced, beds
and provisions are prepared for them within the walls of the
factory.

" It is absolutely necessary, for the protection of liberty, that
some legal means should exist for removing these plcquets.
Any person connected with the establishment so watched—a
police-officer, at the request of such person, might be autho-
rised to apprehend, without warrants, any of these picquets,
and take them before a magistrate, who should have the power
of summarily convicting them in a penalty or three months'
imprisonment. In no part of the proceedings should it be
necessary to have the names of the offenders, as they are rarely
known to those in the neighbourhood, being always purposely
sent from a distance. To those who may object to the tyran-
nous and oppressive character of such an enactment, weshould
remark, tha nothing can exceed the tyranny of the practices it
is intended to put down. A whole neighbourhood is kept in
awe by a system of intimidation, of which these picquets are
the primary agents. It is not likely that an innocent person
could ever suffer from such a law; there is no difficulty in
pointing out without danger of mistake the five or six persons
who may be watching a factory for several hours at a time, nor
is it probable that any one would act in this way for the sake of
harmless amusement."

We know not well how the evil can be met by
less vigorous means. At the same time, when we
consider the composition of the magistracy of Eng-
land, we dread to intrust to such a set of men such
extensive powers. The writer proposes also to
abolish the appeal from convictions for intimidation
to the sessions. "The result has been (he says),
that the cases are almost always decided on at the
sessions, anti in the intermediate time between the
committal and the trial, either some flaw is found in
the indictment, or the witnesses are intimidated,
and the prisoner escapes." Here again great oh-
jections will be made to commit to magistrates,
often appointed without regard to any qualification,
and almost always connected with the masters, a
power of imprisoning for three months for what
such magistrates might construe to be intimidation.
Summary justice is the best justice ; but then,
injustice (which would be frequent were there no
appeal to the sessions) is a great evil. There may
be good magistrates in Manchester, but in many of
the manufacturing villages the magistrates are of
very so-so description. The writer thinks the
law, as it stands, against oaths, is efficient ;
but if there are any doubts, the defic ency
should be supplied by the legislature. It appeals
that the strikes always fail, and that they
lead to a more rapid substitution of machinery for
labour than would naturally take place. Labour
is displaced with inconvenient rapidity; it ad-
vances, as it were,per sallum, and comes upon the
workman, unprepared for the change which his
c arise of life must subsequently undergo. The evil
o the workman is trivial if the displacement be
slow, and formidable only when pushed on with
sudden violence. Combinations are often encou-
raged by masters against rivals who have intro-
duced improvements into their machinery. When-
ever, by such improvements, a proprietor is enabled
to gain more than the ordinary rate of profit, the
jealousy and hostility of others are excited.
" He. ce," says the writer, " many of the masters
in tne cotton trade have been guilty of the disgrace-
ful behaviour of instigating the workmen to turn
out against those manufacturers who were the first
to enlarge their mules." One of the latest great
strikes was that of the Lancashire builders last
year. The men persisted more than six months.
The expense to the union of the idle workmen,

was about 18,0001., but the loss sustained by the
working builders was ;our ti nes this sum.

" They had refused work when there was work in abundance
for all ; in consequence of this refusal, many of the buildings
were discontinued, and the places of some of the men were sup-
plied by fresh labourers, brought from distant parts, and also by
the introduction of machinery; so that the application for em-
ployment could not be granted. By their long cessation from
work, habits of idleness, and not a little increase of immorality
had ensued ; in the false hope .of attaining their object, they
had endured deprivations only second to actual starvation, and
new when the day of forced repentance had come, the still
further degradation of pauperism awaited them. The failure
of the strike was complete, and the disastrous consequences
that resulted from it have taught a lesson to the Lancashire
workmen, which it is to be hoped they will never forget."

The writer says that nothing can be more fierce
than the domociacy of the unions—that the power
~f the leaders is merely nominal—that to maintain
t heir power they are compelled to be perpetually
aggressive—and that they are utterly inefficient to
restrain.—Morning Chronicle.

THE DUNDEE STEAM-SHIPS.—The Dun-
lee, the first of the magnificent steam ships which are
fitting up for the trade between London and Dundee, is to
sail from Dundee on Wednesday morning, the 2d of April;
and her twin sister, the Pet rh, is to follow her in &boot a
month afterwards. The Dundee is to be commanded by
Nfr. John Wisltart, who has been upwards of twen y years
a captain in the company's smacks ; and Captain Thomas
Ewins, late of the smack Perth, is to be sailin ma.ter.
The Perth is to he commanded by Mr. John Spink, and
Capt,in James Kidd, late of the smirk Elbe, is to act as
saline master. This choice of management is excellent.
Public expectation has been raised very high with respect
t, these vessels, and practical judges say it will not be
disappointed. Their engines are of far greater power
(360 horse) than those of any steam ship in Brit in, or,
so far as we know, in the world, and of very superior
workmanship, the contractors being the Messrs. Napier,
of Glasgow; and the hulls of the vessels are beautifully
moulded for sailing. It is, therefore, expected that they
will perform their voyages generally in less time than has
yet been accomplished by steam navigation. The udvan-
tiges which these ships will affird to the mercantile and
agricultural parts of the community, and to salmon fishers
in Scotland, by a regular and quick conveyance of their
respective commodities to the London market, and to
travellers for business or pleasure, by saving their time and
insuring their comfort on the passage, may be considered
,ncalculable. We have no doubt, also, that they will be
the means of opening up new branches of trade with Lon-
don, and of extending generally the whole trade, particu-
larly that of linen, of the now important and flourishing
town of Dundee.

ARISTOCRATIC SYMPATHIEL—What an
outcry of commiseration is there if a young man of !amity
and fortune ruins himself by a crimin 41 course of life, and
thereby comes to an ignominious end ! and with what co d
indifference, at the same time, do we witness the same cor-
ruption, and the same fate, taking hold of hundreds and
t,,ousands of our poorer and less "well connected" fellow-
creatures, who, in the sight of God, are quite as valuable
as the other !—Biber's Lecture on Education.

A WILL 0' THE WISP.—A few evenings
since, as the gardener of Edward Mitchell, Esq., of
Monckton House, near Chippenham, was returning home
through a field called Englands, he, from the clArkness of
the night, wandered from the path, nor was he aware of
his error till he found himself on the bridge, crossing the
canal, from which he observed a light, which he conceived
to proceed from some house i❑ the direction of his home,
and consequently made for it. His astonishment, how..
ever, may be conceived, after walking some considerable
time, to find himself at the place from whence be started.
He made a second attempt, a third, and even a fourth,
but invariably returned to the same spot. At length the
parish clock announced the hour of midnight; he had
been wandering for five hours and a half, deluchd by an
ignis fatztus, which shortly afterwards disappeared, and
he was enabled to reach his home, where the recollection
of what he bad experienced brought on a succession of
hysteric fits. —Bristol2lournal.

HELEN, BY MARIA EDGEWORTII.-" It
is with infinite pleasure that we have been once more
called to the perusal of a novel by a writer whose past
fforts in the same line have produced impressions which
are mingled up with our most pleasant reminiscences.
The beauty of the fictions of Miss Edgeworth consists in
an union of all the usual interest of the novel with a feel-
ing of the most perfect verisimilitude. When she chooses
the world of fashion for her theme, we are always more
or less brought acquainted with the elite of it, not only
as regards tone, but intellect and morals, which is pre-
ei.ehelthe case in " Helen." The interest of this new
story is singularly ieiicate, iustruc.ise, and pleasing, and
in none of the previous productions of this gifted authoress
are the characteristic attractions more conspicuous, by
which the powers of Miss Edgeworth, as a novelist, are
so widely and favourably known."— Globe.

Rowland Stephenson, the once wealthy Lon-
don banker, whose society was sought for by nobles, wl ose
p mrties were every thing that was stylish ; whose dinners
were rivalled only by Sir William Curtis in the east, or Sir
George Warrender and Lord Sefton in the west; whose
influence and character in the world stood high, and mp-
parently immovable, impervious, and unimpeachable, is
now the mere creature of passing charity, the object of
common bounty, of mere eleemosynary aid and support.
For years he has been the inmate of a debtor's jail in New
York, which is described as one of the most loathsome pri-
sons in the world, and has been fed and clothed by the
hand of V e stranger.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, FEB. 12.
—To day's sales of cotton 2,000 bales, at prices showing
a little depression on our currency of last Saturday:-700
Surats, 5451. to 6P. ; 70 Egyptians, 1311. ; 1,200 Aine-
icans, 80. to ;30 Sea Islands 15d. Remainder
Orleans, &c., to 94d.
THE BEVERLEY GHOST STORY.—For
some days past, the inhabitants of Beverley have been
greatly amused, by the earnest relation of the following
account. Stephen Brown, a farmer, residing at Skidby,
near Beverley, on a Saturday night a short time ago, was
preparing to leave a public-house in Beverley, where he bad
indulged himself until a late hour ; and being asked by one
,f the company how he durst go home alone ao late ? with
much surprise said, what have I to fear, never having
seen either " witches or warlocks," or any thing
more frightful than myself, at any hour of the
night. I have been in various parts of Use word, having
sailed to Russia, and travelled much in that country, as
well as in other parts of Europe, and never to my re-
collection saw either ghost or hobgoblin. Having said
this, off he went on his way home, with all tite flaw
of spirit imaginable, until he had walked about half a
mile on the road, when be observed something like an
animal quickly advancing toward him, and in a trice
it stood erect before him, in the shape imf a twenty stone
pig, with a long bushy tail ! Having eyes glittering
1 ke diamonds ; its hair shining like silver and b,autifully
white; its formidable and uncowli appearance crea'e,l a
terror, which at once alarmed his conscience and roused
his tears After repeatedly striking with a thii k stick
manfully at this terrific object, without making any sensi-
imle impression, Stephen deemed it expedient to make a
hasty retreat back again to Beverley. The rollimar not
being far from where he then was, he thought by passing
through the small gate, and closing it after him, he
should leave grunter behind him ; but lo ! to his surprise
and utter astonishment, it was through the gate as soon
as he : therefore to d stance piggy, he put his best leg nrst,
and when he had arrived, almost brea, hle-s, to the Bee
Hive Inn, in Beverley, Stephen and his companion the
mig, were distinctly seen together, by an aged couple, who
tad been sitting up with a sick persan, and who were
then going borne, abort two o'clock in the morning.
Thinking all was not right, at that time in the morning„
with the man and the pig, they communicated their suss
pieions to the watchmen, and they all quickly 10111).4
Brown and the pig, whom they soon overtook, and in acs
costing Brown, he was so alarmed, that he could scat coy
speak, but having recovered, related to them the whole of
this mysterious occurrence. The watchmen, rather
alarmed, yet nothing daunted, made a bold attempt to
take porky into possession, by surf-blinding it, but to their
as.onislunent, it suddenly vanished. The above persons •
persist in the truth of this odd story, and if airy of them
are contradicted or laughed at, are highly offended. So
much for credulity and the force of imagination in the
nineteenth century. York Courant.
THE ANGLO IRISH.—This novel, which
some time since attracted so much attention, and now
forms the March number of the "Library of Irish Ro-
mance," turns out to be the production of Mr. Bantu),
tne well-known author of the " O'Hara Tales." The
Morning Chronicle, we presume, was in the secret, ter
it remarked at the time of the publication:—" The sin-
gular character of this novel, and the peculiarity of talent
in every chapter, might have directed public conjec7ures
better than to the several eminent persons to whom it has
been attributed. The incidents of Irish history, and time
character, notions, feelings, and habits, etigebdered lay the
unprecedented situation of the people, combine to form a
source of interest as relate and as various us that trout
which the great Novelist of the North lies crated hi*
tnatorical romances."

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, MARCH 15, 1834.

The Paris Papers of Thursday are filled
chiefly with 'a report of the previous day's dis-
cussion in the Chamber of Deputies on the
subject of the law against associations, which
gave rise, as was to have been expected, to
several very stormy altercations. M. D'AR-
OUT'S speech, in particular, was very decided
and animated in favour of the law, so much so,
indeed, that the President was twice compelled
to call him to order. The debate was resumed
on Thursday. It was apprehended in Paris
that the disturbances at S. Etienne were not
unlikely to be renewed. According to a letter
from Bayonne (dated the 7th), Don CARLOS
had addressed a letter to all the Spanish Generals
and Viceroys, offering them rewards if they
would embark in his service. In this document
he signs himself " The King."

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, MARCH 13.
Five per Cents., 10-tf. 80c 80c. 70e.
Four per Cents., 92f. 75c. 9-If.
Three per Cents., 78f. 40c. 50c. 40c.
National Loan, 10.4 f 55c.
Bank Actions, 1,797 f. 50c.
Rents de Naples, 94f. 60c. 70c. 60c.
Roman Five per Cents., 94% 95!.i 95.
Rents d'Espagne, Five per Cents., 2544 ti 25.
Rente d'Espagne, Three per Cents., 3834 391;
59.
Rove Spanish Loan, 79 78% 79.
Rente Perpet. d'Espagne, true per Cents., 62.74
Belgian Loan, Five per Cent., 100 1001,4.
Haytian Loan, 270 f.
EXCHANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, '2SE 22,2 c. ; money, 25f. 2D c.
Three months, paper, money, 2, f 1•2%c.
—Cour, Authentiatte.

Among the Parliamentary notices of motions
for the 27th of March, we find one given last
night, by Mr. BUCKINGHAM, for " a select
committee to inquire into the causes of the
great increase of habitual drunkenness among
the labouring classes of the kingdom, and to
devise legislative preventives against the fur-
ther spread of this great national evil." The
hon. member's object in instituting ►his inquiry
is no doubt a commendable one ; still we cannot
but think it impracticable, and, even if other-
wise, superfluous. We are very much mistaken
if, instead of there being a "great increase of

habitual drunkenness among the labouring
classes," there be not rather a great diminution
of it. In large manufacturing towns, perhaps,
where gin-palaces abound, and where the poison
may be had for next to nothing, the vice may
be still stationary; but, as regards the country
at large, especially the agricultural districts, it is,
we have every reason to believe, on the decline.
But even supposing it were otherwise, we cannot
understand upon what principle the House of
Commons can take upon itself the office of a
Temperance Society. The very utmost it can
do with propriety is to put the means of intox-
ication, in some degree, beyond the reach of
the labouring classes, by raising the price of
cheap spirituous liquors ; and even then the
root of the evil will by no means be reached ;
for instead of getting drunk with gin, men will
get drunk with ale and beer—no great improve-
ment, as respects the morality of the case,
In fact, the question is one of those diffi-
cult ones, which the Legislature will find
itself exceedingly puzzled to adjust. If those
among the labouring classes who tipple could be
reformed by Act of Parliament, all would be
well ; but it looks not unlike an interference
with individual liberty, to insist on their becom
tug patterns of sobriety, whether they will or
no. It were far better to leave them to their own
discretion, and trust to the fast increasing spread
of intelligence among them for a reformation.
Promote a system of national education, such
as at present exists in Prussia, and you will do
more to diminish intoxication, than if you were
to hurl a thousand Acts of Parliament at the
head of the vice. To tell a man broadly and
directly that he shall not get drunk, is, in nine
cases out of ten—such is the strange obstinacy
of human nature—to drive him at once to the
gin-shop ; but put the means of self-improve-
ment within his reach—excite his emulation—
draw forth his ambition, by showing him that,
by cultivating his menial faculties, he has a no-
distant prospect of advance•nent, and ten to one
you effect the desired reform. Upon the same
principle that we here object to Mr. BUCK-
INGHAM'S motion, we have all along objected
to Sir A. AGNEW'S Sabbath Bills. We dislike
any legislative enactment that presses upon men's
feelings and prejudices, in a direct, stern, com-
pulsory manner. The less Parliament meddles
with these matters, the better.

Sir JAMES GRAHAM'S speech last night, in
explaining the bill before the house, respecting
the better regulation of certain of the Excheque
offices, deserves praise, though it' is clogged
with conditions that had been better avoided.
The cost to the public, of the Exchequer )f-
-flees, instead of amounting to 41,9001., will
be reduced to 11,000/., which will make an
annual saving of not less than 30,0001.

The abolition of military flogging was dis-
cussed in the Commons last night, on the mo-

tion of Major FANCOURT, which he prefaced
with a calm, dispassionate, and judicious speech.
This punishment is so abhorrent to human
feelings, so degrading to the army, and so
opposed to the general voice of the country,
that we confidently look forward to its speedy
abolition, and trust that some independent
member will continue to press it on the govern-
ment and the legislature, till the superior officers,
and more particularly the noble lord at the head
of the army, shall be forced to yield to the uni•
vernal wish of the people. The government
we believe are anxious to abolish it, and are
deterred solely by the remonstrances of those to
whom the discipline of the army is more imme-
diately intrusted. But for the general feeling in
the house that ministers were serious, and that it
would be more judicious to give them another
year's trial, the result of the decision last night
would have been very different. They cannot,
in fact, hold out against it much longer. Greater
opposition was made at first to the abolition
of slavery arid the cruelties inflicted on ne-
groes, and stronger arguments adduced for
leaving arbitrary punishment in the hands of
hard-hearted and interested masters, but by pe-

tizions and speeches and discussions year after
year, the legislators were obliged to yield to
what was at first called popular clamour, but is
now admitted to he only the voice of reason
and humanity. If such a punishment was de-
grading to the uncivilized negro, how much more
degrading is it to soldiers and sailors—men to
whose proud spirit in the day of battle the
fate of their country is intrusted, and who,
above all others, ought to be taught to
regard personal insult and disgraceful treatment,
as the most indelible dishonour. If in any case
admitted, it should be preserved only for de-
praved, incorrigible characters, whom neither
good nor bad treatment can retrieve, and who,
after undergoing the punlshment, should he
ignominiously expelled from the ranks. The
chief argument in favour of it, is the diffi-
culty of finding a substitute for the punishment
in the colonies, and when the army is
on a march, or engaged in active warfare ;
but surely a soldier who is labouring under the
uffects of punishment is as inefficient as one
under arrest, and it is as easy to find a place of
confinement, at all events the culprit can be as
securely guarded, whenever the army halts as he
can be in any part of the United Kingdom !

But experience is better than any argument.
Many Colonels have stated that by judicious
treatment they have been able to dispense
with corporeal punishment, and when all
the conduct of the French army proves that
it is not necessary either to make troops
brave or obedient to authority. The very
punishment is the cause of its necessity. Men
of good character and manly feelings are deterred
from entering the service, because they may be
subjected to this disgrace for some venial fault,
it may be for some pique of a commanding
officer. Let it be abolished. Let the officcis
treat the men with kindness, and as rational beings,
and we shall then, without any diminution of
discipline or any ri-k to the efficiency of the
army, get rid of a national disgrace. Foreigners
may well call us a peuple bizarre, when we

compel the legislature, at the expense of
20,000,0001., to be merciful to negroes, and
still subject the defenders of their country to
this degrading and cruel punishment.

Brussels papers of the 13th instant, and Ger-
man of the 9th, have been received, but their
contents require no particular comment.
VIENNA, 'MARCH 4.—Five per Cent Metalliques, 98 1.16;
Four per Cent., 88%; Bank Shares, 1,251.

COURT OF CHANCERY -(THIS DAY.)

The Court was occupied the whole of the mornring in hear-
ing the SOLICITOR.GENERAVS reply to Wilson v Moore.

His LORDSHIP intimated his intention of proceeding with
the Appeals in the House of Lords as soon as Easter Term
began. This arrangement would be more convenient for Counsel
when all the Courts were sitting at Westminster than out of
Term when different Courts were scattered, and he should en-
deavour to make such progress with the business here as would
enable him to devote regularly two days a week, at least, to the
hearing of Appeals in the House of Lords.
