CLYDE NAVIGATION.

Mr. W. W. WYNNE brought up the Report of
the Committee of Appeal on the Clyde Navigation
Bill, stating that Mr. O'Connell, a Member of the
Committee, had not attended, in consequence of
which the Committee were obliged to adjourn
their meeting without proceeding to business.
The SPEAKER called on Mr. O'Connell for a
reason for his absence.
Mr. O'CONNELL said he did not leave the
House until hull-past four o'clock this morning, and
the fact was, he had overslept himself, and did not
get up until after the hour appointed for the Com-
mittee to meet. He was very sorry for it.—
(Laughter.)
Mr. WYNNE said under such circumstances he
should move that Mr. O'Connell be excused.

Agreed to.
Mr. CALVERT presented a petition from the
parish of St. Olaves, Southwark, against the Irish
and Scotch Pauper Removal Bill. He was very
glad to hear from the Noble Lord who brought in
tins Bill, that it was his intention to postpone it
until another Session.

After a lengthened discussion, in which Mr. IL
Grattan, Mr. Sturges Bonnie, Lord Stanley, Mr.
O'Connell, Mr. Dawson, Sir George Phillips, Mr.
Estcourt, and Mr. Palmer took part, the petition
was ordered to lie upon the table.
(LEFT SITTING.)

AMERICAN PAPERS.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.

" Mr. Cambreleng, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a Bill to amend the Navigation
Laws of the United States, which was read twice,
as follows :

" ' A BILL TO AMEND THE NAVIGATION LAWS OF

TIIE UNITED STATES.

`of Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, that whenever the President
of the United States shall receive satisfactory infor-
mation of the existence of any law or decree of any
foreign Government authorising the importation of
the produce and manufactures of the United States
into such foreign country, and all its possessions, at
a rate of duty not exceeding► thirty per cent. on the ac-
tual value thereof, and at such times as the produce
and manufactures of that country may be admitted
into the United States on reciprocal terms; there-
upon the President of the United States ►hall issue
his Proclamation declaring that he has received
such evidence, and from and after twelve months
from the date of such Proclamation, it shall be, and
is hereby declared to be lawful to import itro the
United States the produce and manufactures of
such country and all its possessions, at a rate of
duty not exceeding thirty per centum on the actual
cost or value thereof.

" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
actual cost or value of the produce and manufac-
tures authorised to be imported under the provi-
sions of this Act, shall be ascertained and adjusted
in the manner prescribed by existing laws ; and that
all Acts, or parts of Acts, relating to debentures,
appraisements, forfeitures, penalties, or remissions,
applicable to merchandize imported under any Act
now existing, or which may hereafter exist, shall be
applied to the produce or manufactures of any coun-
try, admitted under the authority of this Act ;
provided that no duty on any merchandize so im-
ported shall be charged on any nominal valuation,
or on any sum more or less than the actual cost or
value to be ascertained as aforesaid.
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this
Act shall cease in relation to any country and its
possessions whenever the President of the United
States shall have satisfactory evidence that the Go-
vernment of such country has, directly or indirectly,
violated the spirit or letter of the reciprocal acts of
the two Governments, by imposing internal taxis,
excises, restrictions, or regulations, on the produee
or manufactures of the United States, or shall in
any way impose a higher duty on the same than
thirty per centum on the actual cost or value
thereof; and whenever the President shall issue his
Proclamation declaring that he has received such
evidence, the importation of the produce and manu-
factures of such country and its possessions shall
cease, so far as such importation may be authorised
by this Act; provided that it shall not be deemed
a violation of the reciprocal acts of the two Go-
vernments for either party to levy internal taxes or
excises, to impose restrictions, or to make regula-
tions of any kind, which shall apply equdly, and
without discrimination, to the produce and manu-
factures of both countries and their possessions.
" A warm discussion then took place.
" Mr. Mallary opposed the Bill, which called up
Mr. Cambreleng, who made some warm observa-
tions on the course which was what he called the aris-
tocracy of the country. He designated the aristo-
crats in the House as nabobs, masters who control
the movements and the interests of the minority.
The present Bill, he said, he had no wish to have
discussed.

" Mr. Mallary then replied with equal warmth.
He declared that one who thus spoke of the aris-
tocracy and democracy of this country, knew nothing
either of aristocracy or democracy. The manufac-
turing interests be defended, asserting that if they
were not known to be identified with the agricul-
tural interests, the agriculturists of the country
would not support them. He concluded with
moving to lay the Bill on the table.
" On the call of Mr. Martindale, the ayes and
noes were ordered on the question.
" The motion was then withdrawn.
" Mr. Gorham then moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the Bill.
" Mr. Cambreleng requested that the motion
might be varied so as to make the postponement
until the first Monday of January next. He made
that motion, after complimenting the gentleman from
Massachusetts upon the talent he had displayed
nine years ago in advocating the principles of free
trade. He hoped by January next to be able to
bring back the gentleman to his old opinions.
" Mr. Gorham said the gentleman must believe
him to be most sincere, when notwithstanding the
high compliment he had so undeservedly paid to
him, he still most determinedly persevered in his
motion.

" The Speaker then informed the House that the
hour had elapsed, and
" The discussion was suspended.
" The following account of the state of affairs in
Mexico is from the New Orleans Bee. It repre-
sents matters to be in a state of horrible confusion
and anarchy; more so, we suspect, than the precise
truth will warrant. The writer is probably inclined
with something of party spirit, and sees things through
a discolouring medium. We give his statement,
however, as we find it, leaving to the reader to make
the proper allowances for its exaggerations.
(From the New Orleans Bee, April 16.)
" The following account of the State of Mexico
was handed us by a gentleman who has resided for
several months past in that country :
" The Mexican provinces are in the most agitated
state, and have been so for these last four months.
" Several battles have been fought with little
success on either side; the opinion is, that the
present party will soon be out of power—at the pre-
sent moment Mexico is the most d Nipotic Govern-
ment under the globe. The constitution is treated
as a piece of blank paper ; the military rules the
people, both high and low, with an iron hand.
" Persons are arrested and imprisoned by order
from Bustamente and their officers, as suit their
pleasure.
" The finances are in the most deplorable estate.
Some months ago the Government borrowed

large sums of money from the merchants, for which
they gave their paper, which paper was to go in
payment of duties; but such is the dishonour and
tricks of the present ruler, that they have broken their
contracts, and refuse receiving their notes in pay-
ment of duties.

" On the 2d of March, 1830, orders arrived in
Vera Cruz, instructing the Minister of Finance (a
Commissary-General), to receive only 15 per cent.
paper in payment of duties ; so by this trick, the
merchants have been swindled out of millions of
dollars.

" In the future, when a vessel arrives consigned
to a person holding Government paper, they must
pay the whole amount of duties in cash, with the
exception of the 15 per cent, allowed to be paid in
paper. All vessels arriving in the ports of Mexico
must pay the amounts of duties on their cargoes 40
days after their arrival; the vessel bringing the goods
is not to leave the port until the duties arelpaid. The
prohibitions on cotton goods and brandies are taken
off. This has not become a law, but both Houses
unanimously agree it should be so; and the Vice-
President, Bustamente, gives orders accordingly. At
the present moment it would be dangerous to ship
either cotton goods or brandy, as it is ten to one if
they do not change their minds, reverse their order,
and condemn the goods.

" The Province of Yucatan has declared itself
free and independent of the Mexican Republic, and
will listen to no terms from Bustamente or his party.
" Their Navy is nothing but a name ; having no
armament, men, state, or money. Commodore Lopez,
who has commanded in Vera Cruz for some time,
has been broke, and now keeps a mountebank (or
gambling table) for his support.

" The famous General St. Anna lives at his
country seat, like another Cincinnatus, and it is the
opinion of all good Mexicans, as well as foreigners,
that he is the only man who can save his country
in its present state of anarchy and civil war.
"By the last accounts from the city of Mexico,
many assassinations had taken place; several of the
members of Congress had been arrested and drag-
ged out of the Hall of Congress by order of Busta-
mente, the President, without any reason being
assigned.

" The fact is, Bustamente and his military use
the Congress (which is made perpetual) as his tools
and instruments of vengeance. In the different pro-
vinces, the Governors, Judges, and other civil officers
of the state, are treated with the utmost contempt
by Bustamente and his Commandant-Generals of the
provinces; they act as accusers to Judges, imprison
and condemn at their pleasure ; all power being taken
out of the courts of justice.
" L► Vera Cruz, the Commandant-General, Lan-
dero, formerly a pettifogging lawyer, is one of the
most despotic chiefs in the country; his second in
command, Castillo, is like himself, looking about
with his military to see whom he can imprison and
plunder; both these Chieftains are noted gamblers
(keep tables) and stick at nothing to get money.
" CIIILE.—The Baltimore Gazette acknowledges
the receipt of Valparaiso papers to the 31st of Jan.,
by the brig Montezuma, which has arrived at that
port.

The town of Concepcion had been attacked
and sacked during a counter-revolution, by a small
party of men under General Novoa, who also killed
the Intendant and a few of the inhabitants. The
French Consul had obtained an apology for the in-
dignity with which he had been treated.
" A rupture had taken place between Generals
Prieto and Freire, and the latter had fitted out an
expedition against the former, consisting of 800 men,
who had embarked on board of six vessels, as it
was supposed, for Coquimbo and Talcahuano. The
papers do not come down to a date sufficiently late
to develop the results. The editor of the Gazette
presumes that a military supremacy of an odious
character has taken the place of the state of unbri-
dled anarchy.

" From Peru it is said that General Gamarra bud
been elected President, and Fuente Vice-President,
on the 19th of December.
" FROM COLOMBIA.—We have been allowed to
make the following extract from a letter, dated Car-
thagena, March 27, brought by the brig Montilla,
but lately come to hand. It will show what pains
are taken by the Bolivian party to keep the country
in ignorance, and how much they are losing ground.

"' My dear Friend,—The letter-bag of the Mon-
tilla was detained and examined by General Montilla
two hours at the post-office, until orders were re-
ceived permitting the delivery of the letters. No-
thing was found to excite suspicion, except a box
addressed to Senor M. This was solemnly exa-
mined, but was found to contain nothing but penny-
trumpets. The American newspapers I have read
with avidity, just as a man, after long privation,
would devour delicious food. I have shown them to
many persons, and they have all received much pleasure
front their contents, Bolivar's reputation in foreign
countries is now almost extinct, for I have seen
papers from England speaking of his character in the
same strain—Down with tie tyrant I

I send you no papers from this place, because
they are useless. They do not say a word about
the business of the day; and in fact we learn much
more from you than you can from us. Much of the
news from Venezuela was not heard of here until
the A-- and Montilla arrived. This is sufficient
to show you the state of ignorance in which this
city is kept by the satellites of General Montilla.—
Every post from Bogota brings some sorry news
from Venezuela, and some such story as the death of
Marino, the imprisonmer t of Paez, &c. The mem-
, hers of Congress employ their time in writing such
things, merely to keep the small share of public
opinion which has not yet forsaken them. A project
for a Constitution has been admitted to discussion in
Congress, and one may be formed by the middle of
next month. But the question is, for what country
is it to be formed ? Venezuela is separated for ever;
or, at least, so long as General Bolivar shall
remain in Colombia. His small force is not disposed
to fight ; and the people are not willing to support
a war which has no other object but the attainment
of individual ambition, and the slavery of the country.
" The only troops in this department are the
battalion of Tiradores in Santa Martha, that of
Apure in Rio Hacha, and that of Pichinclt, which
left this city three days ago, to join O'Leary at
Cuenta, but were ordered to Santa Martha, as some-
thing is apprehended from that quarter. About 200
cavalry left this city yesterday, to join the division
of O'Leary at Cuenta. Poor fellow ! he has only
500 men with him ; and General Pinango, Gover-
nor of Merida, has intimated to him, that if he
moves upon his frontier he will destroy him. This
is the real reason for his not leaving his quarters ;
and not, as the Bolivians pretend, because he does
not know the result of the Commissioners from
Congress. I think they will not obtain their hear-
ing. In a month or so the veil will be rent, and
things will be seen in their true light. Our pacific
General here (Montilla) says he is not for war, and
that his main object is to preserve tranquillity. He
is keeping a steady eye upon the game, to see
which side will turn up trumps—he is a good
gamester.'
" We have before us a very energetic letter ad-
dressed by General Bermudez to Restrepo, Boli-
var's Secretary for the Interior, dated at Cumana,
March 4. It has been published in Caraccas. The
language is of the plainest and most forcible kind,
against the monarchical scheme and Bolivar, and in
favour of Venezuela."

In the attack made upon NELSON'S boat,
r :ar Cadiz, by a Spanish launch, containing 26 men,
whilst NELSON'S boat contained but ten, his life was twice
saved by JouN SYKES, by parrying the blows that were
aimed at NELSON, and who at last actually interposed his
own head to receive the blow of a Spanish sabre, which
he could by no other means avert; thus dearly was NEL-
SON beloved by his men. Whenever an officer fails to win
the affection of those who are under his command, he may
be assured that the fault is chiefly in himself._Soutliey's
Life of Nelson.

STATE OF THE HOP PLANTATIONSI

IN EAST KENT.

(FROM A CORREIPONIAINT.

The warm sunny weather in the early part
May operated so beneficially upon the soil that tb
plant, on its appearance, required immediate attef
tion, and was found sufficiently forward for tu'
usual process of tying. A vast number of the 10°i
consequently, found employment, and tended t
relieve the rates, which had become unusually bea
from the severe winter. The fertilizing effects 4
the soft and full showers, with the now and thel
intervention of warm sunshine, have since caused th
vine to run up to the summit of the poles in sofol
instances, and few less than six feet in height,
a vigour and healthfulness which has astouislie
the planter, and partially subdued his fears by th
present flattering indications of an abundant crop
The freqmnt heavy showers of the first week WI
been of immense benefit, by washing off the destruct
tive fly or louse—but still enough of these insect
remain to fill the grower with some appreheysil
The lady-bird had already made its appearance, a 1
should warm weather ensue, will effectually aid ti
ll
wishes of the planter, by ensuring the safety of
plant before the vermin can have attacked the 140
The appearance of the crops, however, .independev
of these attacks, is such as to warrant the hope tbai
the plant must sustain a more formidable osstill.
ere it becomes muter:ally injured. Of the mart,
hundred acres in the vicinity of Canterbury, the 'I.
has attacked the whole. Upon some of the leave
as many as 30 have been counted. In the Weal
the same unfavourable symptoms appear; but di
evil seems to be confined to particular district!
The partial decline of the market sufficiently
cates the anticipations of an abundant crop; yel
should cold flighty weather ensue, it would destro;
the hopes of the planter by indurating the boo
Unless this occurs, it may be confidently asserte
there exists no ground for fear.
