DUTCH PAPERS.

AMSTERDAM, DEC. 2.—Yesterday at about
three o'clock, his Serene Highness the Prince of
Orange made his solemn entry into this capital,
throng!) the gate of Haerlem, tinder the roar of
'artillery and with the ringing of all the hells.—
. The ji y was general among at! classes of the in-
habi!fin,H. ; the numbers
.of the, populace that
w..rc .:hied, and flew to every part where his
was past dascription. The joy-
ful, art:Limo; . of Iluzza! grange haven !
arnt Long Prince. William tire lirst, SOVe-
leiv,o Prince of tne Niherbnitis !" :was minter
tapted. The whole city will be illuminated this

evehirig..
TITRE TT; P m.—The Pro-
visianat GovernMent of the r,,ify of Utrecht in-
forms the good inhabitana ar thk city that they
e dd..; dim reeciverithe fc?Uowiug letter :--
" General Vonliulow, who is .advimcing, yes-
terday evening took the town of Arnheini by
storm. The garrison were put% to the sword'. A
small number of them bad. 'retired in the greatest
disorder, being pursued by the cavalry.
ropiest that you will y e IntorMation to
the publlc of this happy and important event, as
it may be very gratifying to many of them,
" The Major and quynlnandant of the Regial,,nt
• of Black Hussars, .
(Signed) " SANDRART.
A true Copy.
"The President of the Provisional GOvernroent aforesaid.
(Signed) " J. VAN .DER VELDEN."

THF:GENERAG COMMISSAILIES OV THE NATIONAL
OONERNMENT AT AMSTERDAM, TO THE
TA's:Ts OF TUE SAID CITY.

. Countrymen I—The moment Is at length arrived which
puts An end to all Our insecurity. the storms of Changes are
past, and the work commenced two centuries ago by our great
forefatheri, wider great disorders, is at length concluded by
us under still water diffieulties. NO Foreign Prince unac-
quainted with your Constitution and manners, shall hereafter
arca your dearest privileges at his pleasure ; no longer shall
th-e fruit of your industry be the prey of foretgnerS : no longer
shall your children be dragged away to foreign parts to fight
for strangers, owl in a. cause, foreign to your own happiness;
ntl lotikt4 ,11311 the inhabitants eonmning the Supreme Go-
vernment bone you' force and unneive yaw, strength. It is
itetVilliant the Sixth whom,the people Of the Netherlands
have recalled, withont knowiag what they might hare to hope
of expect from hiM. It is William the First, who, as Sove-
reign Prince, by the wish of the Netherlands, appears as So-
% among that pesople, which once before has been de-'
i.;veft by 'another William the First, from the slavery of a
di .grocefui despotism. Your civil liberty shall he secured by
laws, by. . Constitution grounding your freedom, and he bet-
er, foonded than er ; but the outward occurrences, Aim
among nations whase political. Government have
by the oeasiv, the mist, oCtitirwron4kryfuttlintivil
EClri,pc fora while'was'astoniihed, Shull likewise lie
kept in bulatice by a similar arrangement,; it.,requires but ;t
few more sqritices, and the name of !Tolland shall again be
I,i)nonred ati‘heretofore, and the flog of the Netheriaiols again
t,, seal tfyikw, on all seas: .The birth is effected. The Nether-
-I:4l4kare free, and William the First is Sovereign Priucc of
the Free. Netherlands.

itt Autsladam, net. 1. .
(Sirgoeil) "I. M. KEMPHI.
44' FANNIUS .sctiorrE."

IVotattiv4; Nov. 30.—Wcdnieday the 24th inst.
was certainly the most dreadful lay ever known
in this town, and which has been productive of
general sorrow and extreme misery: On the pre-
ceding evening, about 250 men of the National
(kiln*, front the Hague, with two piccei of
can-
non, now appeared before this town', and demand-
ed of thei'rencb Commandant,' who .had posses-
sjort of it with about twenty-five men of his oWn
nation, to surrender it. This was fulfilled, and
on the
,same evening the town received its new
garrison. On the following morning, being the
2,ith. November aforesaid, this new garrison was
'unexpectedly surprised by a very numerous botliof
French troops from Utrecht, provided with some
pieces of artillery, and after a skirmish, in which
some men tell on both sides, taken by storm: Now

commenced the dre4,lful plundering, devaitation,
and inhuman murders ; the houses which could
trot be opened ,in account of theffoors and wilidows
haAng, been Itsteved, were beaten open by artil-
lery; cabinet, chests, and boxes were cut and
broken opc:i, the.ready money,•uneoinsal gold and
silver, jewels, linen and clothing stolen : valhable
papers des,troye.l,-glasse3, china; and 'other earth-
enware, broken and thrown into,the street ; the
poor inhabitants, alre•itdy f.iiglitql,,to 8' death, „arid
begging fOr theft lives, evert' ford:!, to discover
where they feud secreted •ht.ll. ,vailikihles ; death
and destrutrion had at lenAtli peo .;.trare,l. into every.
habitation ; the blaod of the must viytuons bus-
bands and, lathers, of the. hest ,nether., of grey-
haired ancients, of tender War ts, stained the
walls of their peaceful habitations,' and streitnied
out of the houses along the streets. Four-and-
' twenty inhabitants of this little towo, which had
already suffered by the barbarians, Were cruelly
murdered without any reason' given •for such
-proceeding. About fifty others we're wound-
ed, more or less severely; several of , whom
must; certainly die of their •wounds. Not even
the ministers of any religion were 'spared, al-
although they haul fled to the alt,tr., Old men of
. ,
upwards of eighty years, and utopias hi tacit. mo-
thers units, svere•itionediately shut or sluiu by the
sword. A woman in chit;l-bed, i-aittl who .would
! have been deli7ercd of Awlort,,..fisra,s 'deliberately
shot through time body whilst laying in irvr bed, af-
ter having uncovered her, arid tliebettseatiseton fire,
after miserably murdra lug the mother and hit. off-
spring. No tears of the poor creatures begging,
for mercy—no cries Of kneeling children., could
soften the hearts 'of these miscreants, Irk), on
the. contrary, aml with loud laughter and deri-
sion, disgraceful to humanity, carried their cruel-
ty so far as to commit murders before the eyes of
the nearest: relations, throwing out the bleeding
bodies, covered with dirt, in presence of the de-
spairing widows and shrieking childr6ir,'und com-
mitting all abuses on the naked corpses. It is,
impossible to give any particular statement of the
atrocities and cruelties committed, in this slight. de-'
sct iption ; the pen refuses, and modesty forbids to
describe all the enormities which these cannibals,
who have rendered the former French tyranny'a
mere pastime. . . .
Languor mid mortal dread: is to be refid in every .
countenance.. At the first. meeting, putextle of AII._
ranks .tpttbruce.,each at 4.0.. -Ofillaiiiiii.;' to meet
at alive. The bloody streets, the broken
buildings, the furniture destroyed, form it picture
ft .iii which ,eeery human beiqg iwuit start with
11011'0, Tilt)o.,. ,vies foi merly di,.;pensed to. °them s,
are 110 y, oitinbovel ;II want Of the first nevegsa4
rie, ,:: of life, and 6.4.5 t their longing eyes to
,their fel-
low Netherland:l.s, who by the Divine Providence .
have been preserved from these executiouers,......
They, remained here so long as till they had ear;
vied off their bloody booty with stolen parses and
carriages', and then like Monsters, who shun the
light of day, left the town itrsilence, like thieves,
in time night of the 27th, leaving troth' ig behind
them but blond had tearS-Ciod reser e. theNe-
theriands ia future front such miseries, eel fill the:
•he”rou of all l:Knevolent pc6i2l;with. feelings of due
h entl nit ; towards fliCtie nfirortunatevreaturea, and
with gt it if fide for .not having . partaken of these
dreadful sufferings, soits to contribute as 11111C11 as'
possible to 11:suiting the=se losses, which they
th'emselves never can do without assistance from
others, nor even then to the half 'part, until that
the irreparable loss of dear relation* and valuable
friends shall have been alleviated by religion and ~
time. • •

A letter from tbe Russian General Benkendorff
to his. Excellency General Kragendortf, (lovcrnor
of the city of Amsterdant, published the Ist of
December, states, that a detachment of his troops
had taken possession of Minden, when they 'cap.
tared one piece. of artillery and 'the whole garrt-
son, consisting of -100 men and twelve .otlicers;:—.
The Dutch troops particularly distinguished them-
selves, conjointly with_ the „Cossacks. A heavy
firing is mentioned as being then'heard
rection of Nuarden.

Subscriptions are opened at. ItAitterdant for the
relief of the sufferers at Woerden.

FRENCII PAPLIIS,

P.IBIS, Noe. 30

IMPERIAL DECREE.

From the Palace of the Thtiill(rr:es, Nov. 20, IS 1.

NsroLeori; Emperor :of the French, King of
Italy, Proteetne of the Conferieration,: of the
Rhine, Alerliator of the Swiss ejrx.p:ler4tion, frtic
We hav'e'ciecreeil, and decree as'follows

Art. 1. The opening of the Sittings of the Logielatirellody,
fixedly our drerettif the t sth of ..oetnhfr- tut, f':ir the $4,4 of
next fleeember, Shayll take 21ace rn the 19th of Dre:l4er.
Art. 2, The present decree shall he itsurtr!l:ll.!:_jPlo.4in
of the host: ' '

By the Emperor, The Milliliter SeerettlF of !A.iti!,

(Sig t:(1)

The ptike of BAS.4ANO

MENTz, Nov. 27.—We )rave just seen a part
of ate Iroperial Gitard of his' Majt:sty e:Jt. r our
city. :Notwithstanding the fatigues of the cum-
paigu, these troops are distinguished for their fine
:Appearance.

PAnts, Nov. 30.----His Majesty presided to-flay, ;
in the Council of State., 1.114 Majesty reviewed
yesterday at eleven o'clock, in the court of the
thuilleries, a numerous body of infantry, and
several corps of cavalry ; among which were re.
marked some agadrons of the guards Of honour.
His Majesty, conversed with, the officers of the
corps, and received. the petitions of a great nun,-
her of soldiers. The troops tiled off before hini
amidit repeated cries a c. Empertur
PAEs, t..--We have received good nets
, from Bayonne. ,A camp has been formed bef‘e
that city, defended by above 100 pieces of can.
non. The 'enemy does not dqre to advance : he
is in want of provisions, sod is in the most de-
plorable situation.
Letters from Cologne state, that the Duke of
Tareutum is going with his army to another
point ; that he is replaced by the Prince of the

Mmkwa with his corps ; and that they bare never
been in such a state of ttanquility at Cologne,-.and
along the who!e line. Wesel; is provigkitred- for
nine months,. as well as Jailers. The Gazette of
Cassel, of the 17th of November•, ,says, thatne-
gociations arc on foot which interest all Europe•
The hospital fever makes great ravages at Hamm
and Frankfort. Jn the latter city 87 of the inha-
bitants died of this,fever between cite 6th and 12th
of November.

SYILIE, Nov. 24.—A11 continues quiet Wefore
the fort of Cassel, opposite Mentz: The enemy
have made no movement of any importance ; they
scem•to be reposing after. their -fatigues ; and to
he principally employed in procuring provisions
for their troops. We see on the opposite bank
only small detachments ; the troops of the enemy
are in cantonments in the interior of the country,
and their chief force seems to be concentrated be-
tween the Lahn ,and the Neckar.

Detachmrnts of troops of the line, cohorts of
the National Guards, &c. all coming from the in-
terior, 'or from the neighbouring Departinents,,
are continually, arriving on the left bank of the
Rhine. These.troops are full of ardour and zeal.
The cantonments of ,our troops extend from the
Rhine to Treves and the neighbourhood.
The accounts from the Lower Rhine are satis-
factOry. All measures are taken to make a vi-
gorous resistance, in case the enemy should-at-
tempt to pass that river.---In 1,11 the Departments
on the lets hank, the levy of the contingents eor
the 120,000 men has been effected in the best
older, and with great activity. The conscripts
marched away to their respective „depots 10 high
spirits. • • .
Mtt.AN, Nov. 23. i—On the 16th, the enemy
lauded 2,000 wen, comm Anded by General Nu-
geat, near Volano, on the lower Po. Having ad-'
vanced on the Mesola, they had serif' retWert-
molts toward' Itovigo and Ferrara. A SIAM!. bOdy
of our troops on the lower Adige was obliggtt:to
fall back. His Imperial Highness the
informed of these circumstances, order'cil-iwo
movable, columns to march to the point.s
niCnac-
ed. One of them pasSed the Po
.at Ostighia, and
was placed, tinder the:orders ofGeueral
samethe time this General assembled, at Bo-
logna, all the troOps that were irr that military
division.. In the first actions that to/4 pjace, the.
detachniews were 711":si ters r!1 ,
450-prPidners lahen, am whor..-1 .art'. five

sars, with their hOeses. TiVey had 4.;.: e
a larger number. wounded. •
FaoxTteas SUABIA; 23. —The conies
mercial connections betweili AugSburg Vienna
are re-established;, but at present thew arc in a
langitishiog stare, the course of exchange
sa 'unfavourable, and the 'want of ready money
impedes all business with the commercial citi.
Austria. The people of Vienna expected to re-
''etive orders ler cotton ; but the English, who arc
enougla to'let other people fight for them,
are difficult in point of trade, Which they desire to
keep wholly to themselves. The warehouses of
Vienna are overstocked 'with ,cotton, while those
of London become empty.—A great despondency
is observed to 'ptrevail in -The ei.6es of Bavaria,
particularly Mt ntieli and Augsburti.,
uosov uti , Nov; I,—Our Coveroment is em-
ployed in repressing the troubles 'which have'
broken out in many parts of Bavarian Tyrol, and
which • had been excited by Austrian agents
but Bavaria ha% nig, declared against Prance,'
General Wiede requested, that orders might be
'given to the Austrian agents to discontinue their
intrigues. This was accordingly done; but one
Rost:hump, Commissary in the army of General
Hiller, in his proclamation to the Tvroleaus, ac
quainting them with the new allianCe between
Bavaria and Austria, desires them to wait patient-
ly till peace. The Court of Muniell is said to be
much displeased at this language,' as it seems to ;
encourage in the Tyroleans a hope that they may
return under the 'dominion of Austria, and gives
ground to believe, thiit Austria lias not yet re-
ootnieed its pretension% co the Tyrol.'
PARIS, Nov. letter front Torgau, of the
18th, friim Coma announces; Anat.
Count Narbonne, Governor of that fortress, is
dead, in consequenee of. a bill from his horse; bay-
ing previously proposed Count Dutaillis to sme-
ared him, which choice, was approved by the
Council of Pelence venieh he convoked. .
•

. .
, .
FRANKFouT, Nov. 26.—Princc Repuin couti7
rules to govern Saxony in a military manner : he
has just rAisuti an extraordinary contribution of
two millions, Witit such a mode of proceetlitsgki
it is impossible that that kingdom shouldeveri:iss
front its ruins. The Russian Governor has also
ordered all from 1$ to
.•1a years of ak,:e;•io.
be enrolled by force ; and to crown all, he has
ordered the :.axon cockade to be changed, and
the Russian:colours to be mixed- in it. ' This is
tttc worrhyreward of an army which has betrayed
its Prince, and fired onits allies ! The (4 ticen.of
Bavaria arrived on the2!4d9lrNoyeut4er-at-Carls-
-7ntse. ,Orions of consequenCe
leas a taken place betweets the, army .of.ilieTrinee
of Leknothl and the -11iiisian and Swedish troops
hut the Gertnau tie Nspapers observe the most pro
fOund silence .on the result Of these actions.,

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM VASTEUDAM-, DAThb-
.

Nov. O.

. • 1
`` The particulars' of what is passing, $0 0161,
place are very intereoing: a conspiracy
Out last Wednesday ; the intention of the conspi-
rators, who amounted to upwards of 4000 (:14)
Who were of the lower order of Dutch citizens),
was to begin their' plunder and nuissacre by the
signal of setting..fire to• several houses, at different
'corners of the town ; and in time confusion Seklire •
alsn'to the engines; On which signal, the French
General IMot.vrott, who was at Utrecht, about 21
English miles hence, and All..the FrenchlroOps
from.tlfe different fortresses, Were to fall au the
city, and with the assistance of these 4000 vil-
lains, might have put every one to the sword. The
present, Goverfunent is very btrirt, and very care-
ful. The plot was discovered by a spy` being taken
at one of the gates by a Cossack, a body of whom
arrived here on the 24th inst. ; the k ranch are,
terribly afraid of them ;, but uo wonder, for it is
sufficient only to look at them. Yesterday a great
number of them arrived, and all is now (Oho of
danger, thank God fur it."

)1
Aanivrn—l !Julian .% l I)141)1in, 6 Watsriorcl.
di:, 2 Coruuna, •I Heligoland,. I C.u_rns,•r, I
terfokt.

Ni
Tuts 111. Y .VI I•IS'EI.VP . „ • '
emisols for Op. 6i I Red. Anit.....60A1 o:nnittilt

HIGH WATER AT LONDON 131t1OGE TO-W)VI;otl.
'Morning., 21 mimutes atter 2, 1 Erening,4; iuittutcy "I;(1

THE

SuLt:f*OUIS DlCiftE FAr.41131 A111110'1:

LONDON,
Tr: ES D,dr, DECEIT:IIER 7, 1813..

SURRENDER OF CUXII.II'EN,

AND TITS

OPENING OF THE ELI3E.

It is %yid] great pleasure we wake the (04'414'
communication, so important not only toor
commercial, interests, but nationally accerble
as one of the last death-blow+) to ill C#P4W":l'

famous Continental System.
The fort of Cuxhaven surrendered by caPit"l44
tioti, on the 2d inst, after three days bort)b°4'
aunt. from the gun-boats under Captain ).All-
(WU", of the Desiree, and the Russian forevl°ll
shore.
spolenaels:a4hl:l).teureyaribileilt:lsn'illree:(llriaente'lelly:Pdes:::::):
demolition of all the batteries, and thc

may. therefore, now be considered at oPcn.

sinDceu.tocilitr Il'aospte. isT,tio.):llthe—rith --'have-be er' rece'''''::
-nnte of the Princec.
dam, Where he 'was hailed as `f IVELIA°IIt;
Ft asr, Sovereign of the Netherlinids," alld 0 '')r.'
: ' WI
elantation isstied by the Provisional Iklin''ils
,ii
jtiOn,' distinctly announces, that the new i` ''''
which
Government•is intended to be a 'limited !,Innarrl';',.,:
r)onftBolne.Aa.,llla Fit eiel°11:11011A I°lliS tlr:r)e:
Experiencing as we dO, the manifold blelsi".l..
ot
syionr,..
Legislailti°o:,fartouiluttlic'isbetsht°CnolonscttitVt:tri.foctcli ;)1 Ali',:_
• ti 4 W
eyer devised by buman ingenuity. fur
or,
ed, yet effectual exercise of Execurive l'' 1
•At once consistent with the prcrogptivet . '..
...,- .r.,,,,,,,,. w.f. 1-,.j,,icc ;It , the) cleof9dl—YrttH
01:ele:tpitt:telth tiipitelotpl;: ;:;11:rttlicii: o:".i:ilise, f.::,l'oill:i're'
btlyee.
independent nation. Some o ,
11,;,,
r;es, ever boding evil, have con centred that
they have to date their renewiedoettxristtocitiltcei.ll:::,7l::::
assumption of naive toast he accompanied ii;
desire for an neeptisition -of territory, which 'll
,give offence to Austria. No such consegarott. :
at alrnecessary, and ittnitl the cordiality and 4
cerity so gloriously apparent in the coalition
ill
sgor:ss4seesnttikallibteociiitistypoerrfedcatrkseusetcenissa,lingont:tlyinogiburte
spirit could have ventured upon a 0110:iiii
that a Prince in the situation of his Serelo-
- just restored, to his people, and OT(1
amid at such a moment entertain viesma bp
,te iot
lity against pOsscssiung to Which a PO.: r . lc
~ oft
„
relative situation of . Austria %visite,' ..- ,
tor
.claim,- or indeed set up any pretensions 10'6
cin #1
tible 'With the general feelings and into
tb Allied :Sovereigns. . i ,41
.
t
:ittsslPtiit:cllro.lisf,:illatit.lFilli•°c,ei.iieje'irll.:::.3)sib Ist!sienitorc,c‘ivizicileilis nvpcit. I:lililoriei:ersit;a'gabPl:l4':cetolelltit:lttly:iltnthrt?iictileen2l‘4l:ftsotnetertil:ltelici'lflis.r..ll‘,°llll::e:'l' '':.l
of the Logician lion, of ti:e Politician.
..,
,the.S4irezeig.a.ls,in 04w-taind-s - liable-0 '' • '''
, ~f •
tation - of. error 'from 'the latter. 1.1.;34 , • '
ant.ellttle.".lstiLll"o"tg:aret.P;l:iii.,:ll)ni:l litt.lap•Ltbpii,°e',l 1.5::'1):11'1;'i:''''::
, p is.a -
it

ehti

on the ;itlth, Lot
;
be isq:
c":01:100:9'01 .);(Isl,l'
enemy have gencrraly retired aCrO35 1.3 v
1 e"l4Ce
s
Waal, in the direction of Nimmegen.
.11;L;
the neiglibourhood of Cleves, they ‘rl'.
31AcooNAI.D.S foree advaneing from C'',/iir„i)
and the whole either defend the.in4elVe4 to
4. t
land to carry the war into DnteKnr.llitott • bill
in„ • tlre Meuse ;It Ilavenstein, or 11"),..,1
higher up the liver, All the. num" 611111117,11
the history of the Dnke.of MmIL-tl"EDll6'n.6,
paigns • will then again become eunow)"
. Account'
ears *A in Milner days, Private
Atate.ti;at Cur.eum has heel) o'Bo011001 j
than i°
re
British troops are hindiny,, and inn
ktti
but no"
tbenilave,reitehetl the Iflgue,

~C
m
tli~

kekil

l'igli

lu►ai
lee()

thee,
190
soul

to al
to p,
lie I

F 11.
ttv,.
1)10,8.!

tire (
Cle
1.4 tve
tt
TI1(
A 1,11,

.10itrec

u

• (0,,
.4 ti

4t ~~},i'
s~~~S~L~

*.• it

t+ 1t qr

,tl3 it

II st,

~.~~

(%

for An-Btenlarn greater portlo66
tyas porecd southward to Itotterdain,
44(i i4l the tlite;.tion of the places garris clued by

elion;y.

n R:";

:Oll'.
I:ci

_..~-

_--

:,

011 r
able

Several schtiv6 that had conveyed passengers to
41;1Lind have returned ladel with some arms, but
the supply is yet-inSufticient. Clothing is also of
necessity:
The Dutch military, that have regimentals, are
only with the uniform of the French Int-
peri.d Guard ; and many of them will'not continue
t 4 tvpar this badge of slavery.
"Admiral Vet:ilk:wf. still refuses to baist the
flag. His fleci :trhoutits altogether to 16
*IA, eight or 'nine of which Ate of the line. A
"latch was to him on IVednesday appris-
'lltrkiin that he would be honourably treated if
'tt joined the Patriois ; but if not, he should be
(44sidered in the light of a Frenchman, and 4
traitor to his euuOtry. His answer was briefly,
qatn the servat.4 of the Emperor of the French.'
.4"e incst *Win:tin:4 picture of the butcheries
Nlitaitted by the Enemy at NiTuerden, are given
I.4%letter from. Rotterdain. The bare recital is
4*... a Itcezethe heart with horror--whit
tiist *nth a scene have been in the acting !
u
le hour of retribution is at hand.

,ill

11,"'
I fit

ry the Gottenburgh Alai's, the arrival of
fhicil we noticed yesterday, the following pri-
t4te accounts have been received front Sr. Peters-
-446 to the llth, Berlin to the 20th, from Ilel-
siliburg to the 29th ult. and from Guttenburgh to
4st inst. From i.)untaic it is stated, that on
the 14th November, General RAPP sent a flag of
truce to the Comma der of the besieging army,
reitiesting permissio4 to scud out of the garrison
411. the German troops.
Tile laconic reply of the Russian General was,
x'4ll or none:' A French °Meer continued in the
641 p of the besiegers at the time when the last
advces left the neighbourhood of the fortress'...--
l'he
113'41 by the bombardment is considerable;
the harbour is destroyed, and all the warehouses
are levelled with. the ground.
8 k r" porgy prevailed,
that the differences between
weden and Denmark had been adjusted.
t SOntc differences having arisen in regard to the
'4113 +Toll which Stettin was to be surrendered)
tt Wa, believed that • the enemy would endeavour
nittaiotaiu possession of that place home time
t°l'l.7,er.
it
ktearlserona there were about 400 ships, and
j expeeted that a Swedisji frigates ylkich was
""tiltt,ti.l to the Mediterranean, would afford them
Pll)tection through this • •
At. St. Petertburgit the heavy gales haul corn-
Pletely driven away the flouting ice, and the wild

Xeather which atteceeded bad left the navigation
llttlectly open to Pronstadt.

gf! french Papers to the 3d reached! Town last
illght, and occupy a portion of our preceding co-
fil
ii4(lill• They.are singularly barren of Military in-
tell'Aerice, and on political subjects deal only in
1 'econd-hand hints, and crude inuendoea. The
l':--, n'e'likig of the Legislative Body in fixed for the
l*l' 196' 't° five chance and time as it appears either for
", s°lac fortunate event by possibility to happen-, or
e. tI)
4144(1 thCopportunity for preparingth is Assembly
Ail: Proceed ill public as becomes the Dependants of
4 1144,0 Great Eutperor. 'There was from the begin-
ii lll; an evident indisposition on the part of Boo-
x:
I'Att're to meet these tnett—We shall review the
i tiihjeet to-morrow.
IThe. 1) l,•
i u_ . 'll I. apers assure us that. Denmark is masong
, b,7 levies to stwort her Ally, and that Hunt-
ate gli defies all attack. In a few days, bewever,
, , have reason to believe,
1., L.::,Latton.,of we shall have the gra.!
laying a very different statement be-
'.. le our readers. The movements on the left of
L,, ttite !thine are nut of magnitude. The great Cap-
ri ill
" reduced to regimental details. On the
6wer Rhine, however, we are told that all is
4uibt4,_.
LCtory i the 120,000 Conscription has been
~ t()lupleted, and " ill the measurestaken to make
a
'igoraks resiaanee.v
4 Tile Only other remarkable paragraphs relate to
Ituhour of negociations, derived from a curious
i
a'll'ee---the Cassel Gazette, of the 17t11-..whiel
l
. Q'a that these negociations are on foot. This iS
4
rt) 4
of the straws at which drowning men catch
`for ~.._
iuomentary support.
1 1," Paull news from Bayoune,"—we trembled
'lleo we read the words, and supposed, that the
. ,"
'4,isbible report of the blowing up of Lord Wit,- •
~61.cl'oN and 40,000 men, was about to be con-
eti;
Is but ou learning,
r appreheniions ceased ,on
,ns.i...t :. ~,
;, that 4. now reckoned good news for France,
'' °vie of her strongest cities affords protection
rsi.s,
v.OOO men and 100 cannon, against it victo" ,
!lards •
invading enemy !'r Times are sadly a!ter,•(i
t, rflere i,, weak ' •
fthe -- a inventton to raise a coolness on
Ai ''"lliect of the Tyrol, between Ilavartaiand
~ tlill. Such petty attempts have no .w 'lost: all 1
.4ect. ..,,,,
' ` ',Ai/MONNE is tivitti at Torgati, and the Ails- 1

ttiittis are prbec,:ditig prbirefouSly eni the le ge

And Po.

. Private letters from France mentidn the fact of
insurrections baying taken place in Madders a
Freat extent. The approach of the Allied Armies
to the Rhine has re-animated that spirit of nation,
.ality which appeared nearly extinct among the
Flemings. We have learnt from the head--quar-
ter* of the Allies, that it was determined to break
by soon after the 20th ult:t for ulterior operations;
and we doubt not but that every means will then
be adopted to give consistency to the Flemish
insurrections by a formidable support.

BREAD.—This day the LoaD-MAYoa orderei
that the quartern loaf for the ensuing week should
be redured lid. in its price, to take place ofi
Thursday next.

Yesterday morning the Duke of CAturiainGL
left town to. proceed on his wiy to Hanover. At
half-past seven o'clock he entered his tnivelling
• carriage, accompanied by the Duke of CLAulmcn,
Count MUNSTER, and Oolonel DUKE. The Duke
of CLARENCE aceompanies.his Royal Brother on
board, and is expected in town again to-inorroty.
The Mail from the Brazils has brought letters
from Rio Janeiro to the 28th of September.
The ludefutigulde frigate bad arrived there.aftc
crnize, and haring met with 7)0 enemy's ships,
the coast was considered tolerably safe.
It is rumoured, that the Conscription has pro-
duced disturbances at Amiens, whew the populace
hung tip the Mayor.
Advices from Cadiz of the 12th ult. inform
.us,
that the place bad been declared free of the epi-
denaia, by official authority, and that the Esecutive
and Legislative Bodies were in consequence pre-
paring to remove to Madrid.
Wmpson, Dec. 6.—This - morning the QUggN
and Princess 111.1zABRTII, took an airing to Frog-
more, where her MAJESTY was drawn for a short
time in her garden-chair by tier ponies. Princess
AUGUSTA took an airing on horseback in the Great
Park. The QUEEN, and Princesses AUGUSTA and
EtIZA)jETH, leave us to-morrow for London, for
a few days. •
His Excellency Sir CIiARLEs STUART gave
most splendid dejeune at his villa near Lisbon, on
the arrival of the news of the splendid success.of
the Allies. All the principal English and Portu,
guse families were present', to the amount of one
hundred and fifty. It was conducted with great
taste, and was truly magnificent.
It is with pleasure we observe, .that a Club,
bearing the name of that great and honest States-
man, 'WILLIAM PITT, is instituted at Dudley. •
PUBLIC 'REVENUi.--A4 official account, laid
before the House of Commons, staes,the amount
of the net produce of the permanent • taxes in
l'ilreat Britain, for the year ending. the 25th of Oct.
1812, at 38,743,4281. 16S. fid.; and for the year
ending the 25th.of October, 1813, at 37,633,3651.
12s. 13d., being a deficiency of about. 900,0091.
• The same 'account states the total amount of the
net 'traduce of the..war loxes,. for. tln..y.e3r.ing.
the 25th Jan. 1812, at 21,822,532/. 1.45. 10- 1.;
and for the year ending the 25th of Oet.lBl- at
22,704,5681. •45. being an . increase to about
the amount 'of the deficiency in the permanent
taxes. Thus the net produce of the Public Re-
venue of Great Britian, for the year ending the
25th Oct. 1813, is 60,573,934/. 16S. 2d,
READING, Dec. 4.—Pussports for the Dutch
Officers, prisoners of war an their parole in. this
town are arrived. On Monday they will leave us
for Colchester, to take the eimimand of • the
.Dutch regimentS which are organising at that
place. To their honour
.and patriotism it .is
our' pleasing duty to record, that- the first an-
nouncement oldie news fi•ow Holland was bailed
by them with the, most heartfelt satisfaction.; joy
beamed in every countenance, and but one,senti7
utent animated the
,wholethat.of- desite-tiiiirir-
lieipate in the glorious deliveranceof their conn
try. A meeting was immediately called, and Cie-
neral delCocx, and Captain BAKR.titt, were. choien
delegates, and dispatched to Loudon to tender
their services to the :Prince of ORANGE. The ac-
ceptance of this otter crowned the sanur!it of their

DURHAM ELECTION ---An unexpected election
contest has arisen. at Durham. Mr. Gawr..AND

having declined, it was supposed Mr. ALLAN
would he returned without opposition but the
party relinquished by Mr. GO WI AND started a new
candidate in the person of Mr.I3AK en, of Eleinere.
hall. On Wednesday evening the.poll was equal,
viz. 61 for each. Mr. At.LAN is a staunch Pittite,
and a'suppnrter of those Ministers Whose conduct
has brought so much 'glory and prosperity to'the
country. •

was Ur. ARCHER tionnoTes Gamekeeper,
and not that Gentleman himself (as erroneously
stated in most of the public prints), Who was lately
so much abused by poacherS. .`rhis" desperate gang
assaulted tbe young man very violently, by beat-
ing him, and pouring a nauseous liquid into►'. his
mouth when
.on time ground. A handsome reward
is offered for the discovery of the eneliders,
The Recorder of London will attend the Colin-
eil.to-day at. Carlton house, • and make n report
of some of the convicts tinder. sentence. of death

its Newgate.
The Grand Jury of London inspected Newgate
last wetec, and reported it to be crowded to ex-
cess-300 debtors are confined in' the space ori-
ginally allotted to 100 only,
Dr. ROMAN, a Physician at Cork, and a 'cha-
racter much respected, owing to an cxecsaive
flood at Ardarostig, on the Bandon Toad, Which
swept away his carriage,
.was lately drOwned neat'
that city. The driver shared the same cielan,
choly fate.
Suiczns.--On Sunday last a person ,well dress-
ed, and of respectable app6raticC, went into the
the Griffin public-house, iii Villars-street, Strand,
and having written a prescription, sent it to
neighbouring apothecary's, He mixed the medi-
cine that was brought to hint in some brandy and
water, which he drank, and which proved to be
laudanum. Ile fell into a deep sleep, and expired
in a short tin*. It appeared, from papers found
in his pocket, that he was' a country Surgeon.
