INIONEFOR LIFE ANNUITIIa.

114 R. ROBERTS respeElfully informs the Nobi-
-IVI. lity and Gentry that requite any immediate tempo-
rary or permanent Supply of Money, that he is authorized
by Persons of the first respettabliitY to treat for the purchase
of Lite Annuities, twin S3l. to scoot. per Ann. for which
numerous Sums of Money are ready: Those entitled to
Landed Estates, FIQUSCS, Funded Prwerty under Trust by
or Settlement, Clergymen's Litings, ice. may be in-
stall! i y accommodated.

- Mr: K. from several years practice, cart give an immfeli:.
lam answer to Securities'ollered him, which prevents many
distkgreeable exposures of persons' affairs, that too frequently
atte•oi the Negotiations at rtiiiny.' • '
Pers,miti !applications at his House, No. zai Cecil•street,
Strand, and Lcttcra, pest. paid, art: daily- ati,eadfd &u.

.k/IST INDIA. HOUSE.

Ofioberi, TB4.
rpHE .OURT -Of Di RECTORSIf the UNITED
-2- COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENGLAND Trod.
itrg to the EAST INDIES do hereby give Notice,
That `the Papers &tithe .subjea of Shipping, which 'were order,
ed by the General Courtto be printed Jsr the Use of the l'reprietort,
will be
_ready to be .delivercti ;Pi this House on 111;ntlaj the 2a4

7.1111 ES COBS, ifilistan: Saletay.

This Day was published;
By Mathews and Leigh, No: 18, Strand,' 1-1 Symonds,
Paternoster-Tow, London; Dugdale, Dublin and may
be had of any Bookseller; in One Voluthe °claw), With art _
elegant Portrait of the Author; • a New. Edition, price only-
3s, containing nearly 3‘.-.0 Pages, of
. •
C OLOMON's GUIDE TO HEALTH ; or, Ads
vice to both Sexes, in .a Variety of. Complaints. Ex.
plaining, in a concise and plain. Manner, the mode, treat;-
ment,. and most efficacious Remedies for the 'following
eases, which are iterited of under their respective heads, viz.
Abortion or Miscarriage Indispositions attendant on-
Asthma Pregnancy
Appetite; Loss of Indigestion . •
Barrenness juvenile Indistretion
Bilious Complaints LCWIICSS of Spirit,
Chlorosis or Green Sickness Meiisttual EkFacuaiionS"
Child-bearing , I\l,:rvons D:scast-s
Consumptions '0 Uanism, bi- Secret Venel
Female Diseases Pregnancy
Fits • -Plithisis, or Cough
Fluor Albtts, or Whitei" Rheumatism
Flatulence, or Wind Scrofula .
Letts Seittittai Weaknesses.
Gonorrhoea Scu;-vy,
Hypochondria, or Melan- I Tura ,(I.ife, •
• choly complaints &c &e.
To Which is added, an Essfty vn the Venereal Disease;'
Glects, and Set-,-;nal Weaknesses. The t‘ !loft! illastratrd
and intersitersed with a variety of authentic tads never be.
fore published. -

13y S, •SOLOMON; K. D.
The Author is proud to confess, that he. frts been assisted
by many eminent literary Medical men, to whoie labours and
assistance he. is much indebted they; as well as himself,
have tried the remedies prescribed, add acknowledged their
salutary and powerful efficacy: .
Orders given re any Bookseller in Town or Country fot
" Soloirien's t.;toe to Health," will, be. duly executed at
only 3s. each copy, free of carriage. For the very excellent
character of thiS Book, see the ditlereiit Reviews.
London: Printed for the Adthor,
.atid sold by Mathews
and Leigh, No. IS, Strand ; and H. D. Symonds, Pater.
ndSter-row also by all Bouksellers in the United Kingdom.'

FOR THE C.;OWTH OF HAIR.
LADIES and Gentlemen who wish the OtnaMent
df a FINE HEM) of HAIR, need only make trial of
the RUSSIA 01 L, particularly as the use of Oils are fonnd
so necessary to Moisten the. I lair when dressing ; for whielt
purpose the Russia. Oil has now becoMe in use by the Royal
Family, and Ladies of the. first circle. • tis a nottrishei-
improver to its Growth., pr'everits it falling off; and IS so great
a preserver and strengthener to the Hair, as to prevent its
becoming bald, or turning grey, to the latest r ; also
restores the Hair oh bald places. Several Gentlemen,wko
have been bald for years, have declaiA, after using the It us.
sia Oil regularly for three. months; became nearly covered
with hair. It IS recommended to Ladies who use Dres;mig.
Irons, as it prevents the ill efreas occasiened by their heat.
Price 7s. per Bottle; or one containing four small, at a Gut:
nea.

.To be had of the Proprietor, 333, Oxford-street; and, bjr
appointment, bf Smith, Perfumer to His- Majtsty,
Bond-street; Hendrie, Perfumer to Her Majesty, Tichborile.
street; I3ayley, Perfumer to their Royal Flighnesses the
Prince and Princess of Wales and Duke and Duchess. of
York, Cockspur-street; Macon, 150, Oxford-street' ‘Varci,
324, Holborn; Butler, 4, Cheapside; Withers, 229, Strand ;
Holmes, Bolton, and I'utt, Royal Exchatige; Bull, .)ailee-
street, Dublin ' • Raeburn, North-bridge, Edinburgh ; Shep-
herd, Bristol; Miller and Crufwell, Bath ; Collins, Salis.
bury ; Jones, Oxford; Hodson, CaMbridge; IVarren; Mar-
gate ; Gregory, Brighton ; Burgess, It‘anisgate; and by most
Perfumers and Medicine Venders in Town and Country;
N.B. The Russia Oil, which is now so high in esteem fa
its pre-eminence over all other preparations fi)i. the Growth
of Hair, has induced some l'ersons to °tar the Public an
Advertisement exactly answering the Contents of the one'.
now betore them, and which may be justly cal Icil a Copy ;.
whilst others, endeavouring to establish a Preparati" have
affixed a name somewhat near, it t therefore the Proprietors
feel it incumbent on them to caution the Public to be careful •
in asking for the Russia Oil,, and.observe.it has the Russian
Eagle on the outside, and signed in. Red Ink by the Proprie-
tors, " Mochrikulskfand Princes• •

WHEN Professional Men. of Education and
Responsibility deviate from the general System by
the seledion of a peculiar branch, the sanction of long con-
tinued success is the best criterion of superiority.
Eight years have I devoted my practice to the exclusive
treatment Of Three Disorders,'antl the successful result of
my plan gives me additional airlor to oppose, as La as I am
able, the ravages of those Complaints which are the roost
important in the Catalogtie of Human Infirmities. •
After initiation into every Branch, as an Army Surgeons
I formed a wish at early period of Prathee to rescue in-
dividuals from the ignorance of uneducated men, or the
equally dangerous precipitancy of 'general Praetitioners.
The Three Disorders, to the Cure of which I hive de.
Voted my attention, .comp:ise every - species of VE NE.
REAL llslf ECTION, whether of a recent or long du..
ration : adly, All kinds of debility, whether arising from
the habits of -school-boys, or the indulgtu of mature
age: And,. lastly, t_tat derangement of the systrin in wo-
men which is called I3A itR.ENN E SS', or sT E lI.IT Y.
Numerous Diseases are tine result of ignorance, or haste
inthe treatment of a simple Gortorrlura; and it not un.
frequently happens that the seeds of Life are poisoned by
the indiscretion of an unguarded hour. —By a superior me-
thod such Complaints are easily cured; and, even where
others have failed, trust that I may presume to offe`r a
radical re-establishment.

Few, however, are the cases 'Of complicated distresr in
this disorder, compared with' the calamitous situations of
Men, who, from an indulgence in a solitary vice, or the
prevalent gaieties of a fashiOnable life; acquire state
of Debility, which is the unavoidable consequence of such
pernicious habits.
Where the unhappy sufFei.er- broods over his misery, but
carefully conceals his misfortune, it may be sonic conso_
lation for him to know, that although it be an objea' of
doubt or uncertainty.with.other Practitioners, the removal
of these Deficiencies by the gradual progress of Renova-
tion, is the acquirement of myxperience. It the ritcl
of Bacchus or Verna's have began to reduce Manly vigouz,
much anxiety will be prevented by arm early Counterac-
tion of this languid State ; and irr these cases, no great
diffictilty will occur.

But where this Deliciency has for years existed, a proper
perseverance is indispensably ,eguisire to revive the slurri-
benng. Sgarks of Lite, and tore-anunate the Cohstittition.

.IkiMRRI ED Vi3M EN, who have long been disappointed
iti their expettations Of a Family, may be assured, that in.
most instances, such deletts are curable' by M4iitiCal skill.
The secrecy which is so essential, 'to my, undertakin,g,
and the qualifications which 1 have preshmed •to state,,-yrrn
the basis of my pretensions, and hi coincidence wilt, such
this intimation is given, that Mr. itree -may be consulted
personaliy, or by Letters (enclosing a small Note), et his
house, Noi 2q, Arundel street, Strand, near 'Temple Bar.
clr There is an additional Entranee in. Water-street,
adjoining, and the Name is ana ut h the doors.
!Unit: Isrec, Mtatber t 24 the ItOyal College of Surgeons.,

RUPTURE OF THE NEGOTIATION WITH

FRANCE.

THE event which. .we have long expe&ed, and
which weyontured to prediEt with confidenCe on
Monday last, has at -last• happened. The Negotia-
tion for Peace has comPletelyfailed, and Lord 1.,u-
-'IE&DAIE quits, Paris this day: ,This intelligence
reached the Admiralty yesterday,' by a Telegraphic
Dispatch, and. the following Copy of it was traps-
ruitted by Lord.Howicx. to the LORD MAYOR;-be-
tween four and five o'clock :

,
" Lord HowicK presents his compliments to the
LORD MAYOR, and has the honour, to transmit, for
bis Lordship's information, a Copy of a Message
just received from Deal.
" Dqwning.street, 06t. 8.

" Telegraphic Message from Deal,
7 Minutes past 1, P. M. OE}. 8.

a A Messenger is arrived—Lord LAUDERDALE
quits Paris To-morrow (this day)—Clyde ordered to
attend."

The'LORD MAYOR, upon the receipt of this in-
telligence, immediately sent. it. to-LEOYD'S, and re-
paired - himself to the Royal Exchange, which was
at that time crowded with Merchants, and read to
them the Letter he had received from Lord
Howi'cx.' As soon as his. Lordship had finished
reading the Letter, the Gentlemen present testified
their satisfaaion at• the intelligence by three distinct
cheers: His Lordship then went to LLOYD'S, where'
the intelligence was:.receivedwith•equal joy and en-
thnSiasni. The Telegraphic Dispatch reached the
:AdMiralty between one and two o'clock, but. Min-
isters, with great- propriety, delayed communicating
the news to the LORD MAYOR till after the Money
Market on the Stock Exchange had closed. •

The Messenger who brought the account of Lord
LAUDERDALE'S intended departure from Paris was
Mr. LYAL. He lett Paris very early on Tuesday
morning, and landed yesterday at Deal about noon,
having crossed the Channel in an open BOat. He
arrived in town last night with his Dispatches., It is
probable.that some event must:have etxurred atter,
ord LAUDERDALE dispatched BASILIC°, to induce
him to accelerate his. depatture'froa Paris, because
it is evident that when his Lordship, sent off that
Messenger he intended to wait for the receipt
of Dispatches from England_belore he quitted PariS.
Ross, the Messenger, who was the: bearer of those
Dispatches, left 'London late on Tuesday night,
reached Deal yesterday morning, and embarked. on
board the Specultitor Lugger a few hours before the
arrival of LY.kt. from Boulogne; so that the two Mes-
sengers must have passed each other'in crossing the
Channel.

This sudden determination of Lord LAUDERDALE
to return, has given rise to a report that BONAPARTE,
finding there was no chance of bringing the Negoti-
ation to a successful iSsue, had sent orders to the Bri-
tish Minister to leave Paris. This report depends en-
tirely upon conjecture ;. but after the specimens we
have had of the violent and ungovernable temper of
BONAPARTE, it certainly is not improbable. We have
no doubt, that this important intelligence will be re-
ceived with as much sati,sfaCtion by the Nation at
large as it was by the Merchants on the Exchange of
London, Because it was obvious from the con-
,;ll6t of BONAPARTE from the very moment of the
commencement of the present Negotiation, that an
honourable and permanent Peace was not to be ex-
ptcted and we trust ' there is not a man in
the Country so abject as to wish for one upon
other terais. He has never for a single in-
stant paused in his career of aggression and in-
sult. Under such circumstances, to have -con-
, eluded a Peace, even if we had to contend singly,
and that our arms had been unsuccessful, against
France, would have been as injuriOus .to the interests
a; it would have been incompatible with the hon6urnf
t,lis Country: but now .w hen vi&ory attends our armS
every quarter of the Globe—when. -the most va..
1 .able conquests are opening inexhaustible sources
ciF commerce and prosperity—and When all the
-Nirth of Europe, roused by the. continued aggres-
si his and insatiable ambition of the Ruler of France,
'is on the point of appealing to arms to prote&.
what remains of the independence of the Continent,.
t have made. Peace, Unless upon such, terms as af-
forded a rational prospe& of its .being peimanent,
woulL: have been throwin-;away all the. advantages
ive at present possess, and affording the most effec-
tual assistance to France in the accomplishment of
her plan fur the subjugation of the Continent.

Lord LAUDEiDALE may be expe6ted in England
about Saturday.
The Funds this morning experienced a consider-.
able depression ; at twelve o'clock Omnium .had
fallen above three per Cent.

The Ilanzburgn Mail, due on Sunday, arrived
at? a late hour last night. Hostilities have not yet
commenced between Prussia and France, and some
of the • accounts state that
,it is' probable the dif-
.
ferences may even yet be ad,iusted.- however,
appears very improbable. If. BOI,IAPARTE had any
expeaation of an amicable termination of his differ-
ences with Prussia, he certainly would not suffer the
Paris Papers to hold the language they do,, when
speaking of the-PruSsian Government; nor would he
.haVe permitted, his own Letter to the KING of BA-
VARIA to have been published. LA FOltE$T, the
French Minister, had not, however, quitted Berlin at
the date of the last accounts.. The Russians, to the
number 'Of 90,0300. men, are stated to have reached
Silesia.

Qv Tuesday morning the Ardent, Captain Dos-
NELLY, sailed from Plymouth, with the Transports
having on board the 4oth Regiment, destined for
Buenos Ayres. They will be joined off Falmouth
lijr the other Troops destined for that quarter.

THE Extracts respecting MIRANDA, 'lvhich we
have taken from the American Papers, 'strongly
support all our prediEtions as to the probable success
of his Expedition. It appears that he has effected,
a.landing. on the Spanish Main, that the Town of
Coro had fallen into his powei; that in several con-
tests with the Spaniards he had been successful, and
was daily increasing in strength by the acquisition
of a great number of the Natives who had flocked
to his Standard: He had derived considerable assist-
ance from a British Frigate, as well as from our Is-
lands. In any other condition of the world we might
discrorage any attempts to overthrow the atithority
of a Parent State ; but as the People, in whose cause
MIRANDA has embarked are held in the most ab-
jeCt slavery; a paramount regard for the rights and
happiness of mankind, independently of the relative
situation between Great Britain and 'Spain, induces
us to wish prosperity to an Enterprize which will
relieve a numerous People from the Most servile
bondage, and open new sources of advantage to the
commercial spirit of this Country.

We understand. that,
.at the Privy Council held
yesterday, his Majesty was pleaSed to order .Parlia-
ment to be prorogued from the 2gth inst. to the 27th
Of November, when it is to meet for the dispatch of
bu4iness.

His MAJESTY arrived yesterday at the QUEEN'S
Palace from Windsor,,at twelve o'clock. Soon after
two o'clock His MAJESTY gave audiences to the Ca-
binet Ministers. Earl FITZWILLIAM resigned to
.his.
MAJESTY his appointment as President of the Coun-
cil. After the audiences His MAJESTY held a _pri-
vate Levee, which was attended by

The Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Liird Chancellor.
The First Lord of the Treasury. -
The Secretaries pf State for the Home and foreign
De-
.paruutents. •
The Master7Ceneral of the Ordnance. ..

. .
The First Lord of the Adiniialty.
The u4ge-Advocate.
The Russian Ambassador. . •
Lords fleathfield and St. Helen's. • -
Generals Gordon, Craig, ..atxl White.
The Rev.' Mr. Allen and Mr. Fawkener.
. .• •
The following had the honour of being presented
to His MAJESTY t
`the:Rev. Joseph ,^k len, upon his being appointed a Pre-
bend of Westninistef Abbey, by Larl Spender.
Lieutenant-General,
.Sir James Craig,' upon his being ap-
pointed to the Government of Blackness Castle. '
LieUtenant-General Whyte, by Viscount Howick,' upon
his being appointed- to the Command of the 46th Regiment
of Foot, in the room of Sir lames Craig.

After the Levee His MAJESTY held a Privy Coun-
cil, at which, we understand, His ALuEsTY was
isc9unt SIDMOUTii. Presi-
dent,pleased to declare V
in the room of Earl FITZWILLIAIII, resigned..
After the Council, Mr. BOND, the Judge .Advo-
cate, laid before His MAJESTY the proceedings of
seven Courts. Martial.
A little before sig. o'clock His MAJESTY'Set Off in
his travelling carriage for Windsor. • ,

Yesterday the Mikes 'of CAMERIDGE
. and SUSSEX
dined with the Duke of YORK at his Office,. and
they went to Covent Garden Theatre, to
see The Beggar's Opera.

INDIA -HousE.--Yesl.erday a Court of Direffirs
was held, when the under-mentioned Comnianders
took leae of the. Court previous to departing for
their destinations, vii.- Travers, 'Captain J. COLLINS,
and the Ccirmarfhen, Captain JAMES Ross,-foi• Bom-
bay dire& •
Yestei day twenty-four carts, laden with gravel,
arrived in town from Kensington, which were pitched
in Pall-Mall, and the streets ieaditig, to Westminster
Abbey, in order to• be strewed to-morrow morning
for the convenience of the Funeral Procession of
Mr. Fox.

The grave of Mr. Fox, in Westminster Abbey, is
of considerable depth, and bricked, and is immediate-
ly adjoining the monument of the late Lord Cukr-
HAM, and within 1 8 inches of the s grave of the late
illustr►ous WILLIAM PITT.

Mr. SHERIDAN, who accepted on Friday the
ColCne'cy of the Somerset-House Association, will
appear to-morrow, to attend Mr. Fox's• Funeral,•
for the first time, in full uniform, at the head of
that Corps.
