.NEW HAC,KNEY:COACH FARES.

ATES. and REGULATIONS; printed on ..a
LA RC E CARDS price Sixpence. To be had of
Kearsley, Fleet-street, and all other Booksellers and Sta-
.,
tionce, in Le .don.
Kearsley's Tax Tables for tBOB, will be published in
a few days.

This Day was published,
In Oaavo, price Nine Shillings, in boards,
The Third iiniume or
TNDIAN RECREATIONS; consistingof
1. THOUGHTS on the EFFECTS of the• BRITISH
60VERNMENT on thtf STATE
.of INDI : accom-
panied with Hints concerning the Means of 'conveying
Civil and Rojigious Inetruttion to the Natives of that
Country.
By the Rev, WILL/Afit TENNANT, A,AI, L.L.D.
and A.S.
Lately one of His Nlajesty's.Chapiains in India.
Printed for Longman, Fl • tst, Kces,and Urine, Paternoster-
row, London i and 1: Ancrerson: Ednibnish.
Ofivhom may b - had,
The First and second Volumes ur li cfian ReereationS, tine
2CI Edition, prick: 124. in boards.

'are, .Edinburgh, May 2, aeo.
IN the Spring of 1791 I was affliaed with' a
Venereal Complaint, which I treated with indiffer-
ence for five months; but was then obliged to apply to a,
ttgular .ritysleian, who put a temporary stop to the viru-
lence of the Disease (by mercurial applieatiens)'for some
time; but growing, in spite of alt medicine and the advice
a the first Gentlemen of the Faculty) here, worse and
worse for two years, I was reduced to a state. almost un-
paralle).ed and beyond description, being an entire leper,
and ulcerated from heal to foot.—My head, throat, mouth,
nose, legs, arms, &c. have been alternately in danger of
becoming useless; in short,. I have had from twente, to
thirty eating ulcers' on my bOdy, and nearly totally de-
prived of sight.—lt would be voluminous to particula-
rize all my case- stace.it to
.say, there never was, or ever
will be, one of a more dangerous, or of a more comp-
cated nature. I was long looked upon by my friends, and
imagined myself*, beyond all hepes of recovery ; and, in-
deed, in .my then 'condition, death! was Nefe.rable to ray
more than miserable state. In this dreadful situation did
I drag a most iniserabic exlsterice,,thr Divine Providence
threw in my way a Newspaper containing. the case
.of a
Mr. B. of Plymouth—My friends read it, could, not. —1
sent and procured sonic of your LEA K E's PATE NT
P 1 LLS, which, by using from time to time, AIII.IIOW, and
have long been, (after more than tour years indescribable
distress), in as good a state of health as ever I enjoyed ; as a
proof c: this, 1 had a fine, thriving, healthy (mild, born to
nie'a few mouths ago. In gtafinitie to Goa, and in hopes
ut rendering my tellow-creature service, I request you to
publish this; and you rriav at any time refer persons who
wish to be satiltied of the truth of this, or further parti-
culars*, to me or my friends, by letter or person.
Agew cases for badness will ever equid mine,. arid none
exceed it, I have trom•experience every reason to assure
mankind, that in TOUT LhAKE's PALLS they will find a
sure, speeriy, sate, and radical Cure, for 'that- most dread.:
fug stage of the Venereal Disease, Which is called a cow.
riamse JOHN .THOMPSON.
* Insurmountable finally reasons prevent making my
name and address - public; but creditable persons really
Wanting information: May 41So be referred to me and my
friends by Mrs. S. Clark, Ranisay-Gardens, Edinburgh.
Prepared and Sold by the Sole Proprietor,
T. TAYLOR, Member of the Royal College of Surgeons
in London, at his house, No. New Bridge-street,
Where he will give Advice withoiit a fee, to persons tak.
ing these Pills, and will answer patients letters, if post-
paid, ou the same terms, .observing in all cases the most
inviolable secrecy, no ilerseri's name or case having bees)
mentiored, but at their own particular request, by the Pro-
prietor, during the course- of more than thirty-six yews,
that he has. had the concluding of an extensive sale of the
aboVe ,Medicine,- and the practice arising therefrom:
They. are also sold by his Appointment, for the conve.
nience of those living at a instance, by Mr. Baxter,
South-bridge, Edinburgh; Mr. Macdonald, Printer, Glas-
gow, to whom also Mr. T. refers for -hii; address; at the
pertirner'S, N0..3.5, St. Alban's-street, Pall-mall
,• Mr.
Robertson's Toy7niop, No: 563, Oxford-street; Mr. Dis-
borough',s No. 7, liisn-street-hill,. nearly opposite the Mo.
nurncikt ; r. Steel's, nook seller, No. 1, Union-row, Little
Tower-hill ;11,t. Bull, Dame-street, Dublin; and by one
person in every considerable town in Great-,Britain and
reland, in Boxes of only es. ed. eacyh, sealed up with
full ano plain directions. Whereby per Sons of either Sex
may cure thernselv'es with ease and secrecy.
N B. • EVery Box sold in. Great Britain I's sealed up
with a Stamp, on which, by favour of the t_ornmis-
sieners, is printed, .at the ..tarnp..oifice—" T. Taylor,
No. h, New liridge:.stn..-et." to imitate W Cn is felony; and
all otters are counterfeits

Bit .Mr. ROSCOE is so pleased. with this part of
his subject, that he grows quite figurative and rhe-
torical. " The Treaty of Tilsit, the basis of the
proposed Negotiation, the Commercial Treaty, were
forgotten ! His Lordship recurred in imagination to
those happier days, when upon the very spot where.
he :heti stood he was combining with. Russia and.
Austria for .a secret attack dpon France—the decei).
lion." Of what deception does this man speak ?
WaS not England then at war with France, and as
much at liberty to combine with Austria and Russia
against her as France is now to unite with the same
Power's against England ? And are the present Nego-
tiations between the triumvirate less ,“secret" than
those antieot ones which have the honour to pro-
volie Mr. Rosoues displeasure ? " The deception,
though once defeated, might now be more deeply
concealed. From his silent chamber the shade of
PITT arose, and hovered over his friend
Admirable ! all thiS raving-iS occasioned by that just,
that liberal and truly conciliatory observation which
Lord LEvEsoN -Gowta incidentally makes:, and to
which It wocld have been Well fur Russia if she
had attended.• - But we beg pardonshe did 'attend
to it, and would, not improbably, have aCted upon
it, had she been the mistress of her own destiny.
Nothing could have happened more fatal to the
views
of France than the siege,of Copenhagen : she
saw her magnificent plans for the deStruCtion of
England, and the consequent slavery of the world,
destroyed at a breath : she saw Russia giving itAica-
dons of a desire to escape from her toils, and, with
her charaCteristic activity, instantly prepared to pre:
vent the danger. England, it is true, was now be-
yond her reach; but the chains of Russia might yet
be rivetted. Spies and traitors were instantly set in
motion—the Emperor was
.alternately threatened
and cajoledand hordes of Frenchmen, or, what is
infinitely worse, Russians. in French pay and French
interests, took possession of the Imperial Cabinet.
General BUDIiEltd was' dismissed without ceremony,
to make room for Count SOLTYkOFF; Count SoL.
TYKOFF, it was soon found, was not sufficiently de-
voted to France, and he was dismissed, in his turn,
to make room for Count ROMANZOW. The selec-
tion does credit to the judgment of Bt7pNAAR.I's;
for, unless he had deemed it expedient to bestow the
Russian " Porte-fenille for FOreign Affairs" on TAL-
LEYRAND, he could not have discovered a more
zealous agent for his interests than Count ROMAN'.
zow. From thiS moment the EMperOr of Russia
was virtually deposed, and a Corsican reigned at St.
Petersburgh ! •

Mr. CVSNING'S Dispatch, in reply to this of Lord
LEftSON GOWER, is the next obje& of Mr.

ItoscoE's petulant misi-cpresentation. It is an ad-
mirable State Paper, and we could with great plea-
sure enter into its vatious details(not for the purpose
of-vindicating theui from stupid malice, but for that

of painfing out their pertinency, justice, and sound
political principlei; but we forbear, because, though
M. Roscoe Wastes several pages to prove, in bis

manner, that they only tended to excite a new war,

it unfortunately happens, that they had no kind of
influence on that or any other question, not being

recevtd by his. Lordship. until Russia had been

,oadd.'by France into a reivaant determination of
commencing hostilities-. rt thus appears, that all

the knowledge which Russia bad of the " perfidious
design; of Ministers, to re-kindle the war on the
Continent," and all " the Enspicions which she ne-
cessarily- entertained of their sincerity" (on which

Mr. ROSCOE dilates with such complacency) are
confined to the simple wish of • Lord LBlTEsoig

GOWER, that " no recrimination on past events
should take place-;" and an incidental remark, that
if the E:nperot of RusSia maintained his former
of the danger to he apprehended from the
preponderance of France, the cause -of the rode,
pendence of Europe Was by no means desperate !"

One of the commonest modes of deception, and.
vAich,' from its easiness, •best suits: the tattered fa-
culties of Mr. ROSCOE,' is that of sophisticating
dates. "At the very moment," says be, alluding
to the Dispatch of Mr. Co.Nlcmp,_ " when the re,
turning favour and attachment of Russia flattered
the British Ministry with the prospect of a new
Continental War, the intelligence of the arrival of
a British Fleet in the Baltic was announced at
Petersburgh," p. 29. Mr. CANNING'S Dispatch is
dated the 28th of September, and, it appears from
Lord LE-ESON GowEu's'letter, that this intelligence
bad reached Petersburgh. at least a month before.
So much for Mr. Roscoz's " very moment !" But he
had his " patriotic" views in the this-statement; it
was committed fo
_enable him to praaise others!
to assert " that till this event was known, the lane
gUage of the Russian Cabinet had been friendly;"
whereas, his Lordship expressly declares; that it had
been cAI and 'reserved up to this moment," and
that the favourable change only took place after the
scourkts of the siege of Copenhagen arrived! App.
p. 20.-0 shatu;:.! where is thy blush !

We have now an amiable trait of infantine sitm•
" The changes, that took place in the
lluqsian Cahinet of Count SOBTTKOFF to General
BUDIII:Rt, and of Count ROMANZOW to him, pro-
duced no consequences favourable to the hopes of
the British Ministry," p. 30. Amazing ! and is
Mr. ROSCOE indebted fur this important disco.'veq to
h own .sagacitr L 4. ad not read, it seems,• that
th;.-; change had been made for no other purpose than
that it should not he " favourable" to their hopes :
he ind'net noilced the complaints of Lord LEVLSCN
GOWER td.CJant RoMANzow, of the "'unfriendly
tone" adopted since, he had been in office ; but
concludes, good man, that the appointments had
been made with a friendly- view to Great Britain,
grid is perfely astonished that " no consequences
favourable to the British had resulted
from' them ! •

" Some attempts, says Mr. RO'S.COE, were now'
made by the BritiAi 'Ambassador to allay the indig-
nation of the Emperor",—(the Empet-Or was a mere
puppet' at this time in the hands of France, and
spoke only as he was prompted by the Wire-man,'
General SAvaity), " but the horrid detail of the
tranktaions at Copenhagen closed up every avenue
to conciliation," p. 30. 'that Mr. Roscoe; should
indulge his spleen at any measure that thwarted the
designs of BUONAPARTR, has long ceased to be a
thatterf Of wonder with Us: but is he quite sure that
" those'details" closed every avenue to conciliation?
- •
We have heard of one, at least, that remained open j
311 d is it comet from a person who was on-the spot,
-ire have no besitaoou in preferring his account to
all the oracles which Mr. ROSCOE delivers from his
smoky tripod at Liverpool. " lam informed," says
Lord --I.EVrsosr GOWER, " that some Members of
the Council, 'who have been consulted on the pre-
:zent YUII critical state of affairs, advised the
Et'operor not to mica the present opportunity
'of re-establio,hing the tranciality of the North of
Emil:re—that their opinion had teen adopted 3
'.'l"hat think you of this Mr. Roscoe ?) and that
note bad been written to Gen. SAVARY with a
iiew of 'engaging the French Government to con-
stit to the restoration of the Neutrality of Denmark."
triad you read this, Mr. lO3COE ?' or do you trust
the most important part of your dates to the vigi-
lance of 3 printer's devil ?) The French General
has remonsti card' violently against this measure,
BA the Russian Cabinet, alarmed ly the vio-
lence of his language, is undecided what answer
to return to the Overture from England." You
ifo.not dis Cover muckit ,ot the Empeioi's indignation
bierie; Mr. Roscoa,
.though this is the very
" Overture" to which you allude. The fa6t is,
that the Emperor felt no indignation on the suhjea.
Nothing more favourable to hire and the general-in-
terests orthe Continent-could have happened th;:n
• rescuing the Danish Navy from the grasp of 13nor A
PARTE, as. it afforded the only possible hope of an
~,icape from Lis galling tyranny. .Of this Russia was

THE SUN.

601.1%1 QUIS DICIRE TALSUM AUULAT ?

LONDON,

FAIDAY, JULY S, 18CW.

Atff_
iMpO.RTANT.nNTELLIGC: crtoM SPAIN.

AT a very early hour this morning. Dispatches

were received at die Admiralty. from Admiral Pu.4-'•

vis, and at Lurd CASTLEREAGH'S Offide from Gen.

SPENCER': they are of the most satisfaelory nature,

and tend strongly to confirm us in the sanguine ex-

peaations which we have formed of the ultimate

success of the Spanish Patriots.

Our R-eaders will

recolle& that, by the last accounts brought by Lieut.

• •
TALBOT, we were informed, that the British Fleet,

in consequence of an arrangement with the Spanish
Commanders in Cadiz, had taken a position at the

Alouth if Cadiz Harbour, for the purpose of pre-

venting the escape of the French Fleet, it they

should make such an attempt.

Admiral Puuvis

offered to co-operate in
,the intended attack upon

the French Fleet, but the Spaniards conceived

their own force fully adequate to the task
,Qf
compelling the French Admiral to surrender.-,--
The French Admiral, apprehensive of the intended

attack, warped his Ships out of the reach of the guns

of the fortresses, and took a position in the channel
leading to the Caraccas, or Dock-Yard : his :forte
consisted of five Sail of the Line and a Frigate. A
summons was sent by the Spanish Commander to the

French Admiral, desiring him to-surrender, to which

be returned a positive refusal, and on the morning of

the 9!li ultimo the Spanish gun and mortar-boats
commenced an attack upon the French Fleet, and,
at' thevsame time, the batteries on the side of Leon
opened their fire upon it. The firing was kept up
with great spirit on both sides during the whole of
the 601, and was resumed on the morning Of the
loth. In the forenoon of that day the-Freacll

Admiral hoisted a Flag of Truce, in corise-
gnenee of which the firing immediately ceased,
and a Letter W3S soon after sent from the

French Admiral. to the Spaaish

in which lie offf;red to dismantle his St

on couaition that hostilities should cease on both

sides. This proposition Wits without hesitation

jead, and he was informed that nothing short of

an unconditional Surrender would be accepted. The
Spaniards then began to construa new batteries, for

tie purpose of renewing their attack upon the French
Fleet, and not the slightest doubt was entertnined

that the attack would be crowned with sliccesg,

thongh-the French Admiral, from the dread of his

Master's resentment, might endeavour to prolong a

fruitless resistance as long as possible,

The Spanish Commanders in Cadiz having learnt
that the French Corps which was stationed near

the Frontiers of Portugal, was on its march to enter.
Spain, had requested that the forces under General
SPENCER might be employed in intercepting them,
in conseq'ience of which that General had sailed for

Ayarnonte, which is at the confines of the two King-
doms, and no doubt was entertained of his inter-

cepting the French, if they should venture to advance.
We are happy to say that all the Provinces on the
Eastern side of Spain have displayed the utmost en-
thnliasra the whble male population is under arms,
and a French corps, near Barcelona, has been corn-

pletely surrounded by the Patriots. The accounts

which had reached us, of General DUPONT. having

been surrounded and defeated in the Sierra Morena,

appears to have been unfounded : he had passed

those mountains, and bad pushed his advanced guard

as far as Cordova; but his situation was most preca-
rious : his whole force did not exceed 14,000, and
60,000 Patriots, among Whom were 15,000 re-
gular troops, were advancing with all possible speed
towards him. There is, therefore, every reason to
hope that long before thii time his whole ecru have

been made prisoners.
A Letter from one of the French Generals at Ma.
drid has been intercepted by the Patriots, in which
be says, that if the Nobles and others who are at
Bayonne have not influence enough upon the. People
to prevail upon them to submit, the French in Spain
are all lost!

In the Islands of Minorca :?ad Majorca, the in-
habitants had unanimously declared their resolution
to embrace the cause of their fallow aubjEtlita on the
Continent.

All the Ports of Valencia and Andalusia are opw-

ed to the English. Lord COLLINGwood has a►rived
at Cadiz. The French Fleet remains quiet at Tou-

lon : it now amounts to twelve Sail.of the Line

Two Russian Line-of-battle Ships havink got into

that Port.
The following Proclamation has been issued by

the Junta of Seville, in the name of FERDIND

VII.

DECLARATION OF WAR AGAINST THE EIVI-
, 1)011. OF FRANCE, NAPOLEON TUE
FIRST.

FER ow Ann the Seventh, King of Spain and the 1n
dicts, and in his name the'Supreme Junta of both.

Fronce, under the Government, of the Emperor

I\TApoLEoN the First, has violated towards Spain

the most sacred compacts--has arrested her Mo-

nfirch—obliged them to a forced and manifestly

void abdication and
irenunciation ; has behaved

with the same violence towards the Spanish Nobles

whom he keeps in his power—has declared that he
will eleEt a King of Spain, the most horrible at-
tempt that is recorded iu history—has sent his
Troops into Spain, seized her Fortresses and her
Capital, and scattered her Troops throughout the

Country—has committed against Spain all sorts
of assassinations, robberies, and unheard-of cruelties ;
and this he has done with the most enormous

ingratitude to the services which the Spanish Na-
tion \has rendered France, to the friendship it
has shewn her, thus treating it with the most
dreadful perfidy, fraud, and treachery, such as

VMS never committed against any Nation, or Mo.

much, by the most barbarous or ambitions •King

or People. He has in fine declared, that he wil
trample down our Monarchy, our fundaments

Laws, and bring about the ruin of our Holy Catho.

lie Relion.---The only romedy therefore for sirh

grievous ills, which are so manifest to all Europe, is

'in War, which we deciate against-hiiu.

In the name therefore of our King FgRDINAND

the Seventh, and of all the Spanish Nation, we

declare War by Land and §ea against tlzw Ern'peror

NAromloN the First, and against France; we are

determined to throw off her domination and ty-

ranay, ru. • ,:onunand all Spaniards to at hostilely

against him, to do him, all possible damag,e ac-

cording to the laws of war, to place an Enbarge

upon all French Ships in
.our Porte, and all pro-

perty and effeas, in whatever part of Spain they may

be, whether belonging to the Government or to the

individuals of that nation.

In the-same wanner we

command, that no embarrassment, nor molesta-

tion be done to the English nation, nor its Govern

trent, nor its Ships, property, or effe4s,. nor any

individual of that nation ; we declaro-that there

shall be open free copljnuqication with

England, that we have centraaed, and will keep, an,

armistice with her, and that we hope to conclude a

durable and lasting Peace.

Moreover, we protest we will at lay down our
arms tin the Emperor NAPOLEON. the First• has .re-

stored to Spain our King, FERDINAND the Seventh,

and the rest of the Royal Family, and has' respeete..l

:he sacrcsd rights of the Nation, which he has vio-
,ated, as well as her liberty, integrity, and inde-

pendeuce.—And this we declare with d under-

standing and accordance of the Spanish Nation.

We command that the present solemn Declaration

be printed, posted, and circulated, among all the
People and Provinces of Spain and America, that it

may- be known in Europe, Africa, and Asia.

Given in the Royal Palace of Alcozar, at Seville,

his fith of June, 1808.

By knder of the Supreme Junta of Governtnen.4

MANUEL MARIA AGUILAR, SeC.
JOAN BAUTISTA PARDON SCC,

W 2 received, this morning, Papers from Gotten-
burgh :-the following are the only articles they
contain :

GOTTENBURGH, JUNE 30.--Sir JOHN MOORE ar-
rived from Stockholm List night ; he immediate!!
repaired on board the 'Viaory. The Expedition, is
is said, will now sail the first fair wind, but its do-

stination yet remains a secret.
P. S. I learn this moment that the extra Packet
Print of Wales, Capt. MASON, is on the point of
sailing for England with Colonel Multaa.4 and di', -
patches from Admiral Sir JAaiEs SAUMAREZ. ~,,#'
STOCKHOLM, JUNE Rs.—His Royal Majesty bill
received the following Report from Field Marshol
Count KLINGSPOR, dated Head-Quarters, Brahestadt.
June in. ..
" Mylast Report was of the 3d instant, and con-
tained an account of the position-of the army, which
it still retains. Colonel SANDALS reported to me 00
the 4th instant, that on 'the' preceding (lay he ordered
Lieutenant-Colonel
.FAHLANDBR to a..lvanCe to Kio-
wisto, in order to seize or -destroy the Magazino
which the enemy hadiformed in that place. On this
service the Swedish troops acquitted themselves with
so much gallantry and success, that they to.ik tlie
. Mae;azine, a greet part of which was
,distributed
among the inhabitants, and made several prisoners.''
—(Gottenburgh Gazette, Yune'2o.)..
STOCKHOLM, JUNE 25.—TLiefOliONVin two Re'
ports have been received by hiS Royal Majesty froal
Major-General Baron VEGIES.ACI:., dated Hateo'
sund, the 17th of June, and Karlso, the 21st of tli'l
same month : ,1
" While I was lying at anchor in Bughamn, rli '
12th and 13th inst. on account of contrary winds, I
received intelligence that eighteen c,l the Enenvy.s
Gun-boats were stationed near Jungtrasund. I illy
rnediately communicated this intelligence to Adini'
ral HJELMSTJERNA, and desired him to keep 11-01
Flotilla in check, since, on my further advance t°
.. _. ,
Abo, it would threaten my dank and rear.
" In consequence of a favOurahle change of th°
wind, the Fleet weighed on the 13th inst. at nights
and proceeded to Bellholnisund, where it was joincLl
by the Gun-brig Tr(!ja, four Gun-boats, and foot
Flat-bottomed Boats.
The Fleet dropped anchor in Bellholinsund,
and waited there for further advice tram Admiral
HJELMSTJERNA.
" The 16th, at..ten o'clock in the morning, Lieut.'
Col. JONSSON arrived with a division of the Adtov
ral's Squadron, on whose arrival all the ArnacclShil).4
got under weigh, and steered for Pargos, in order
to attack the Russian Flot.liii. itinnekiiateiy aft`.
Ai
intelligence was received. that the -enemy .avall'.
himself of a favourable breeze, had weighed- si'
chor, and steered fur Pargos: The Fleet receisr-
ed orders to weigh, and on our arrival ofd Pro'!"
.... .
wick, . the . north-east point -of Nagu, the od-
, f,,,,,e'
vanced poits of the,.lllo-,.e repOrted, that the rite.
1 city's Vlbtiii:t lt.(1 proceeded to Pemar. Not Pe
i
ing able to obtain any certain intelligence of the
ittld
,' ther course which tire Enemy bail taken, I er,lol*
