ELOPEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.

Yesterday morning, just at day-break, a lady and
gentleman, both of them very fashionably dressed,
and the latter bearing on his shoulders a leathern
portmanteau of more than ordinary dimensions were
observed hastily proceeding along the new north-
road, at the end of St. John's Wood, in the direc-
tion towards Barnet ; they looked back repeatedly,
and seemed apprehensive of being pursued. They
passed on, and in about ten minutes afterwards,
another gentleman much farther advanced in years
than the other, and in " breathless eagerness,"
made his appearance, following in the same direc-
tion. In a short time he was up with the fugitive
party, who displayed most unequivocal tokens of
the meeting being anything but desired by them;
the lady uttered a scream and fainted, or pretended
to do so, and the gentleman throwing off his burden
placed himself in an attitude of defence. He was, how-
ever, assailed by the other party, who knocked him
down with a straight-forward well-delivered blow in
the face, who then cooly possessed himself of the
portmanteau, which lie placed by the road-side with
his hat on the top of it. The fallen combatant was
by this time again on his legs, and both directly corn-
menced pummelling each other most heartily. In
the interim the lady had recovered from her swoon,
and had quietly seated herself by the side of the
portmanteau, passively waiting the issue of the con-
test. Three rounds were boxed with downright
good will, when victory at last declared in favour of
the elder belligerent, who struck the other such a
severe blow on the side of the head, that he was
unable for some to rise, and at length was con-
strained to say," hold—enough !" The victor then
took the lady under his arm, who " nothing loath,"
walked with him back to town, he having first
shouldered the portmanteau, and leaving the other
the very epitome of the Knight of the Rueful Coun-
tenance. This strange rencontre, we understood,
originated as follows :—The lady, who is between
thirty-seven and thirty-eight years of age, possess-
ing very considerable personal attractions, is the
wife of the elder gentleman in question, who is
most respectably situated in life, and it seems that
she had purposed to elope with the younger gentle-
man. _Their intimacy had only existed five days,
and arose in the first instance from their being fellow
passengers in the Chelmsford coach, from which
place the lady was returning home, after visiting two
of her children, who are at school there. She is
the mother of seven children, all living, and the
youngest only eight mouths old. The portmanteau
Contained the greater portion of her wearing ap-
parel, besides a considerable sum of ready money,
and a quantity of trinkets, phte, &c., which she had
possessed herself of, unknown to her husband. Her
departure was discovered a few moments after she
left the house. The husband has since consented,
on her promising better things in future, to restore
her to his confidence and her family.

CHAIRING MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT.-
This custom was taken from the practice in the northern
nations of elevating the King, after his election, upon the
shoulders of the senators. The Anglo-Saxons carried
their King upon a shield when crowned. The Danes set
him upon a high stone, placed in the middle of twelve
smaller. Bishops were chaired upon elections, as were
abbots and others.—Mirror.

OLD BONES-AN ADVENTURER..- Our
neighbours, the French, are a very ingenious and economi-
cal people, so much so, that they have invented a method
of extracting the most delicious soups from such bones as
in this country are thrown away as utterly useless. We
lately he ird a gentleman who was resident for some time
in Paris, state, that it was no unusual thing to see a dog
running along the street with a bone in his mouth, which
would next day be pitched into the soup kettle, and con-
tribute to form a dish worthy of a Prince ! But be this
as it may, we are convinced that every intelligent person,
who reads the following, will allow that one of our own
countrymen at least has fallen upon a much better and
more effectual method of deriving wholesome and nutri-
tious food from bones, even from Old Bones. His system
excels the Punch one, inasmuch as that not only are beef
and mutton bones taken into account, but horse bones,
and other bones of every denomination, come under his
chemical grasp. About three weeks ago, the artist to
whom we allude arrived in a neighbouring town, dressed
in seamen's clothes, and gave himself the humble title of
—Agent for a Bone manure mill, in Aberdeen. He had
come, he said, to collect orders for his excellent manure,
which was now getting into such general use; and like-
wise to collect all the old bones round about the place, of
which he understood there were great numbers. Several
persons were employed to gather the hones into heaps, and
were promised a handsome remuneration for their trouble.
Meantime the Agent had put up at one of the most respec-
table hotels in town, and took care to do great justice to
the " good things of this life." He was a person of con-
siderable address, and as he was, he said, run out of small
money, he would just take a few shillings from the waiter
till he got " change." This was given without any hesi-
tation, and, as a matter of course, was placed to the bill.
Things went on in this pleasant manner for ten or twelve
days, when the Agent found that it suited his convenience
to go off, probably to gather more old bones, but most un-
designedly he for;ot to call at the inn for his ten days'
bill, and he left the memorable old bones which had been
duly gathered for hint from every field and house in the
neighbourhood.---Inverness Courier.

beg to propose the health of the King; and may he
ever remember that the brightest jewel of his crown
is the affection of his people.
The CHAIRMAN—We are met together this day
to celebrate the triumph of public opinion. When
we look back upon the events of the last twelve
months, when we consider the power of that cor-
rupt influence by which we were opposed, when we
remember that the liberties, not only of our own
country, but of Europe, were the stake for which
we contended, it is impossible to do justice to those
who fought our battle, those who preserved England
from convulsion, a Monarch from dethronement, and
the liberties of Europe from the chains of slavery.
—(Cheers.) Without further preface, I propose
to you the health of those, who, by their admirable
firmness, their undaunted resolution, and the free
and powerful expression of their opinions, secured
this triumph—" The People."—(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN next proposed " The Duke of
Sussex and the Royal Family."
The CHAIRMAN—I beg to propose the health of
those to whom we are indebted for introducing and
carrying forward the great measure of Reform,
amidst all the difficulties, and against all the opposi-
tion, that were created in certain quarters from
which they could not have reasonably been expected.
The individuals whom I am about to propose must
ever be regarded by us with feelings of the most
grateful remembrance; and whom posterity will
look upon as the saviours of the country. I give
you the health of his Majesty's Ministers.—(Great
applause.)
The CHAIRMAN—In proposing the health of those
Members of the House of Commons who supported
the Reform Bill, I am extremely gratified in think-
ing that one of those honourable individuals at this
moment sits at my right hand.—(Applause.) I am
assured that the gratitude of his country will not be
expressed to him merely by lip acknowledgment.—
(Cheers.) lam sure that all honest men—all who
desire to reward great public services, will take the
opportunity of showing to him, now that he is
again a candidate for their representation, that they
are not unmindful of his past conduct, and that they
will reward it by hereafter electing him their repre-
sentative.—(Loud applause.) To one circumstance,
in particular, connected with the late Parliament, I
must for a moment advert,—l mean the patriotic
conduct of those individuals who supported the mo-
tion of Lord Ebrington when England was equally
balanced between Reform and Revolution—when
every Englishman, whatever his station, felt that the
moment had arrived when he was called upon to do
his duty, whether he had a heart to resolve, a hand
to execute, or a head to direct.—(Cheers.) Then
was seen the most brilliant spectacle ever beheld in
this or any other country—the representatives of
the British people putting themselves at the head of
the nation; thus proving that not the will of the
Sovereign, nor the wiles of the Aristocracy com-
bined, could prevent the just wishes of the people,
when these were cordially united and lawfully ex-
pressed.—(Cheers.) I give you " the health of
those Members of the House of Commons who
supported the measure of Reform, and more espe-
cially those who voted for the motion of Lord Eb-
rington."
The oat was drank, coupled with " Sir Hed-
worth Williamson, and success to his election,"
with three times three, and every indication of en-
thusiasm.

Sir HEDWORTII WILLIAMSON rose, and was re-
ceived with vehement cheers, which continued for
some seconds. On silence being restored, he said,
—Rather a heavy task falls upon me,--one to
which I feel myself totally unequal—that of return-
ing thanks to you, adequately, in the name of your
House of Representatives. No one can regret more
than I do the unavoidable absence of three
Members of the House of Commons who were
expected to have graced our festivities to-day,
any one of whom would have returned thanks bet-
ter than myself. Though I have not been so long
in the House of Commons as any of those three
gentlemen, yet I am certain that those members of
the House who have any constituents, if they had
been present here, would admire, in the most ardent
manner, the spirit which animates the electors of
Gateshead. With regard to myself,—when last I
had the honour of meeting a large proportion of, I
believe, the present company, at a public dinner in
this town, I had then to return to you my warmest
thanks for having conferred upon me the greatest
honour a British subject can receive from his fellow
countrymen, and to promise you fairly for the future.
I have constantly endeavoured to do the best in my
power to ftefil my pledges ;—(Loud cheers)—but
my humble exertions, from the manner in which
you received my health, I am afraid you appreciate
too much.—(Cries of " No, no.") I had only one
course to pursue—that of unflinchingly advocating
the great principles of civil liberty, which I came
forward to advocate; and in conjunction with the
great body of the House of Commons, who were re-
turned by the people, after many doubts, great dffi-
culties, and a most arduous struggle, we succeeded.
—(Cheers.) We have gained a great and glorious
victory; but riot a complete one.—( Cheering.)
We have ()bulked only the means of achieving the
filial triumph of Reform; because if, at the present
moment, the electors of Great Britain do not do
their duty, and return members pledged to liberal
principles, and to support that Administration which
has so gloriously brought about the great measure
the triumph of which we are here met to celebrate,
we shall fail of obtaining for th?, people those advan-
tages which they have every right to expect; and
if we stop short we shall only disgust those who, at
present, believe it will produce the best and hap-
piest results.---(Loud cheers.) With regard to the
county of Durham, I believe there is the most fa-
vourable prospect.—(Cheers.) It is not for me
here to make any boast for the purpose of promoting
my electioneering interests. But I can assure you,
that from the time I first commenced my canvass to
this day the success I have met with has far exceed-
ed my most sanguine expectations.—(Loud cheers.)
And many gentlemen now present, who have done

you that if I have the honour of being again return-
ed to Parliament, which, without boast, I have every
just reason to say will be the case, I shall never re-
lax my exertions till we have obtained every advan-
tage we expect to derive through the Reform Bill.
—(Cheers.) And if the present law of reform do
not prove sufficient to secure those objects, I will be
content with no law of representation till the House
of Commons shall be made what it ought to be—a
mirror reflecting the wants and wishes of the British
people.—(Great applause.)
The CHAIRMAN-It becomes my duty now to
propose the health of a gentleman sitting on my
left hand, who, as well as Sir Hedworth William-
son, is a candidate for the representation of this di-
vision of the county.—(Cheers.) It would not be-
come me to dilate on his merits in his presence;
though every one will be assured that I hold those
merits in the highest possible consideration. Of his
success, no reasonable man can, for a moment, en-
tertain a doubt.—(Cheers.) Look at the parties
by whom he is opposed—those gentlemen who are
pleased to call themselves " conservatives"--and I
believe they are a very limited number—(laughter)
—united to a certain party of intolerant and violent
bigots, a manifestation of whose zeal in the cause of
Toryism I bad an opportunity of witnessing this day.
When passing through the village of Lanchester, I
beheld a green and white flag—suspended from
whence ? Possibly you are ignorant of the signs of
the various public-houses—the Lions, Bears, Pack-
horses, and Mitres, if such there be, in the parish.—
(A laugh.) I assure you, however, it was not dis-
played from the windows of any public-house, but
elevated on the highest pinnacle of the church
steeple.—(Laughter.) There the banner was float-
ing, when I entered the village of Lanchester. But
I have the satisfaction of adding, that within half an
hour, when explained to the parishioners that
they had a right to act as they thought fit with re-
spect to that banner, they unanimously determined
to pull it down.—(Cheers and laughter.) Yes,
such are the opponents of the honourable gentleman
and his future colleague.--I will not detain you by
entering into the question of this contest, or into the
merits of my honourable friend. The security for
his future actions is given in his name.—(Loud
cheers.) Here is " the health of Mr. Hedworth
Lambton, and a successful return to the Commons
House of Parliament."
The toast was drank with three times three deaf-
ening cheers, " one cheer more," and prolonged ex-
pressions of the most enthusiastic attachment to the
honourable gentleman and his cause.

Mr. LAMBTON—I feel almost overpowered by
the flattering manner in which you have just drank
my health. I can assure you that I have accepted
the invitation to come to this dinner with the very
greatest pleasure. It is with no common feeling
that I have come to this dinner. Ido not come
here for the purpose of enjoying a mere dinner—for
the purpose of merely enjoying a social repast,--I
come to this meeting with a bosom swelling with
far more important, far higher and nobler feelings,—
I come to meet you, a band of citizens—a band of
victorious citizens—to join you in offering, at the
shrine of liberty, your vows of devotion, of un-
changeable devotion, to that cause which has just
obtained so splendid a triumph—to that cause
which, as our able and eloquent Chairman has so
justly said, has saved England from convulsion, our
Monarch from dethronement, and Europe from the
chains of slavery.—(Cheers.) I say, I do not come
to this meeting for the mere purpose of enjoying a
dinner, but to meet a band of honest, independent,
enlightened, and victorious citizens, and with you to
wander, in the mind's eye, over the great field of
battle of the Reform Bill— (Cheers); and upon
that field of battle to catch, perhaps, a fresh inspira-
tion—to receive a fresh stimulus—to have our ener-
gies newly aroused—to exert ourselves to continue
greatly what we have so greatly begun—or, in
the words of Sir Hedworth Williamson, to
achieve the great final triumph of that Bill.—(Loud
applause.) All fields of battle point an im-
portant moral; but never, in my humble opinion,
did a field of battle point a more important poli-
tical moral than the field of battle of the Reform
Bill; for it tells the Oligarchy of every country, and of
every future age, that however much they may
fence themselves around, however they may bind
themselves up, however they may be fortified, with
the corruption of ages, nothing can resist the great
tide of truth anti civilization.—(Loud cheers.) It
tells, also, the people of every civilized country, and
of every future age, that they have only to be firm
and determined in the legal assertion of their rights,
and success must attend their efforts; and that, too,
without bloodshed.—(Cheers.) I would apply to
this field of battle, upon which we are now, in the
mind's eye, treading, the lines that Byron,—trans-
posing only one word—applied to the field of
Marathon :

" Boast of the aged, lesson of the young,
This is true glory's stainless victory,
Won by the unambitious heart and hand
Of a proud brotherly and a civic band,
All unbought champions in no Tory cause
Of vice-entailed corruption."—(Loud cheers.)
And sure I am of one thing—so deeply impressed
urn I with the great, the vast importance of the po-
litical moral to be taught on this field of battle,
upon which we are now met to celebrate the victory
of Reform, that I am assured if our British youth,
hereafter, in ages to come, be brought to this field
of battle, and deeply imbued with this moral,British
liberty never can be in danger.—(Loud applause.)
The Chairman has, in most flattering terms, pro-
posed my health, us a candidate for the Northern
Division of this county. In offering myself as such,
I perhaps may have exposed myself to the charge
of presumption.—(Cries of " No, no.") But I
was actuated by the feeling that I professed and en-
tertkined—that my political opinions w.:re perfectly
irely in unison with those of the inhabitants,
the enlightened inhabitants, of this county; and
with none more so than with those of the inhabit-
ants of Gateshead.—(Cheers.) And I was stimu-
lated to it, also, by the known kindness, the known
indulgence, tha,, in this county, has ever been
shown to the name of Lamhton—(Cheers)—which
the Chairman has been pleased to say is a security
for my conduct.—(Cheers.) I trust in God it will
be !—(Renewed cheers.) It appears that, at length,
the Tories and the political Clergy have found a
candidate.—(A laugh.) Why, gentlemen, do these
Tories and that Clergy think that the county of
Durham will so far stultify itself—will so brand it-
self with eternal disgrace and degradation—will so
hold itself up to the scorn, derision, and contempt
of the whole empire, as to elect a candidate of
their choosing ?—(Loud and continued cheers, and
cries of " No, no.") It was but a short time

ago that the bunks of the Tyne, and those of th
Wear and thnTees,-echoed with the shout of, " The
Bill, the whole WI, and nothing but the all"
—that they echoed with the cry of, " Freedom for
ourselves, freedom for our posterity, and destruction
to the detestable Boroughinongering Oligarchy !"-
-(Loud cheers.) From east to west, from north
to south, the same intense feeling prevailed. Will
you, then, before that sound, that glorious shout,
has died away from the ear,—will the county of
Durham, I say, go and elect a man proposed, set up,
and supported by those parties who were the most
bitter opponents of that very Bill, whose triumph we
have now met to celebrate ?—(Loud cheers anti
cries of " No.") I say it is utterly impossible—
political consistency and political integrity alike
forbid such a consummation!—(Cheers.) What
has been the political conduct of the county of
Durham for very many years past ? Why, for many
years past, I have seen the county of Durham take
its place in the first rank in the battle of freedom.—
(Cheers.) During the whole administration of
Lord Castlereagh—the map whom I must continue
to call the greatest enemy the liberties of his country
ever had,—the county of Durham was foremost in
the ranks of freedom—particularly at the period of
the Queen's trial, and still more remarkably in the
great contest of 1820.—(Loud cheers.) Again I
would ask, placing the whole tenor of the political
conduct of this county, for the last thirty years,
before my eyes,—again I ask, will the county so
stultify itself as to support a candidate proposed by
a set of men who were, during all that time, the
most thorough-going supporters of all the obnoxious
measures introduced by the Tory Government of
the period ? No! Again I say, political integrity
anti political sincerity imperatively forbid it.—
(Cheers.) I will not trespass much further on your
attention. But your Chairman has proposed suc-
cess to my election.—(Cheers.) And if I may
judge of that by the success of the canvass I have
hitherto gone through, and by what I am told of
the success which awaits me on the canvass I shall
have to go through to-morrow—for I am assured that
if staunch and true friends to freedom, honest and en-
lightened withal, are to be found in the county,
they are to be found in Gateshead,—l should say
that my success is certain.—(Loud cheers.) I will
now propose a toast. I find that the task is en-
trusted to me of proposing the health of our able
and eloquent Chairman.—(Cheers.) He has been
before the public in the county for a few years past ;
and has displayed an ability, an eloquence, and a
patriotism, that render him worthy of exerting that
ability, that eloquence, and that patriotism, in a far
greater sphere; and more extensive field.—(Loud
applause.) And lam sure that, should he be re-
turned to the House of Commons—and I under-
stand his canvass has been most brilliant,—you may
depend upon it, I do sincerely trust and believe, he
will advocate the local interest of the place, and the
best interests of the country at large, with states-
man-like ability, and unblemished public honesty.
Loud arid continued cheers accompanied the
drinking of the toast.
The CHAIRMAN—AIIow me to express my sincere
thanks for this fl ittering mark of your attention. If
any individual in this assembly has more reason than
another to feel proud of the situation in which he
stands, it is the individual who now addresses you.
I know that I occupy my present situation by yet r
favour—a favour far exceeding any humble merits of
my own. And when I look back upon the past re-
ceptions that I have met with from the electors of
Gateshead, I see I have incurred a debt of gratitude,
which, by no servires of mine, I can ever hope to
discharge. On the words of compliment which my
honourable friend has been pleased to pay to me, in
drinking my health, I will observe, that if it should
be my fortune to be returned to the Legislature, my
best exertions shall ever be directed to promote those
measures which I may believe to be calculated to
enhance the public good.—(Cheers.) I will ever
;to there perfectly distinct from party.—(Cheers.)
I hold that a system of party association can only be
justified by the absence of sufficient political recti-
tude. If every man would honestly discharge his
duty according to the dictates of his conscience, I
am perfectly satisfied there would be no necessity for
;he combinations of party.—(Cheers.) The honour-
able gentleman concluded by expressing his hope,
that in the event of his being elevated, by the suf-
frages of the Electors of Gateshead, to the distin-
guished trust of representing them in Parliament, he
should, on returning from his probation in the public
service, be received with the same kindness amongst
them, and that those whose favour he had not now
the honour to enjoy, might consider him, at some
future period, worthy of their confidence and sup-
port.—(Applause.)
Mr. W. H. ORD, in a speech of considerable elo-
quence, proposed "The liberty of the Press, un-
shackled by oppressive laws and obnoxious taxation."
Mr. HODGSON, of Newcastle, returned thanks.
The CHAIRMAN—I have to propose the health of
a gentleman who has honoured us with his com-
pany to-day, who is a candidate for the southern
division of this county.—(Great applause.) I tun
.ure it will be gratifying to you, knowing the ta-
lents and principles of that individual, to receive
from me an assurance that there remains very little
doubt of his being returned to the House of Cont •
mons as one of the Members for that district.—
(Cheers.) I have never yet heard one objection to
that gentleman, except one which I did not know
before could be considered legitimate—l mean his
youth.—(Laughter.) I should certainly have con-
sidered old age an objection; for every future year
would aggravate the evil.—(Laughter.) I am sure
he only requires to be known to be esteemed; and
I am satisfied the electors of the southern division
will do honour to themselves and service to their
country by returning him to Parliament.—(Cheers.
" The health of Mr. Bowes, and success to his
election" was drank with three times three hearty
cheers.

Mr.BOWES-4 assure you I should hare consider-,
ed it a great misfortune had I been prevented having
the honour of attending here to-day, to celebrate,
with you, our great triumph—the passing of the
Reform Bill. Notwithstanding the reports which
were pretty generally circulated concerning me,
when I first had the honour of presenting myself as
a candidate for the Southern Division,—reports
which maintained that though I professed to be a
reformer, I was, within, as corrupt as a rotten Bo!.
roughtnonger (a laugh)—that I was a wolf in sheep's
clothing, or rather, that I was a jack-ass with a
lion's skin on (laughter),—l can assure you, that
when this great measure of reform was first brought
into the House of Commons—when, after we had
considered the victory within our reach, art infu%
riated opposition for a time triumphed,but were put
down by the voice of united England, when
-- From anvil, plough, and loom,
They came their country's rights to save,
And speak a tyrant faction's doom—
:rid when, at length, the good ship Reform, with
Grey at her helm, rode triumphantly into port,
amidst the joyous shouts of applauding millions,—
no one shared more sincerely in the hopes, fears, and
joys of the people, than the humble individual who
has now the honour of addressing yon.---(Loud
cheers.) We are met this day to celebrate a vic-
tory obtained on a well and long-fought field. But
we must not yet sit doWn inactive., We must rest
but for a moment. We have a long and arduous
campaign before us—many a battle against corruption
and oppression remains to be fought.—(Cheers.)
But if we, the people of England, be but united and
true to ourselves, ere long,l feel convinced, the beacon-
fire of Liberty will blaze on the cliffs of old Albion,
with a pure and unclouded flame, guiding and di-
recting the world.—(Loud cheers.) From the suc-
cess which has attended my canvass of the Southern
Division of the county, notwithstanding I am op-
posed by the power of the Church—(Cheers)--I
feel confident, that through the kindness of the
electors of that division, I shall shortly have-the
honour of representing them • in Parliament,
(Cheer 3.) But whether in public or in private life,
von will ever find in me, like yourselves, a warm
'riend of civil and religious liberty,—one who de-
tests oppression and corruption, wherever they may
te found.—(Cheers from all parts of the room.)
Dr. HE ADLAM-1 take the liberty of proposing

the health of a noble individual who baz distinguished
himself more, perhaps, than anv other, in maintain-
ing the dignity and independence of the county of
Durham, and in advancing the cause of Parliamen-
tary Reform. I am quite sure that, on these grounds,
the name of Lord Durham will be received with
acclamations by all who hear me.—(Loud cheers.)
I have had the good fortune to witness the conduct
of :hat noble Lord since his entrance into public life.
I remember the first speech he made—at the anni-
versary of Charles James Fox; and at that time he
made a declaration in favour of Reform, so full of
spirit and eloquence, that it drew down a degree of
applause which showed the state of public feel-
ing in its favour, and stamped, at once, the cha-
racter of Mr. Lambton.—(Cheers.) I have wit.
nessed his career as a representative of the county
of Durham, as which he was ever foremost in
fighting the battles of the people.—(Cheers.) In
a peculiarly forcible and fearless manner he resisted
those oppressive measures of the Castlereagh Ad-
ministration commonly denominated the Six Acts.
For his conduct on that occasion, and for the part
he took in calling a public meeting to inquire into
the transactions at Manchester, and to petition for
redress of that outrage, he was opposed its 1820 by
the whole power of the Tories and the Church, but
was gloriously triumphant. A noble scion of that
stock has alluded to that election as a presage of his
own future success, as I trust it will be. Never was
such enthusiasm displayed, never did electors so
rally round a representative as on that occasion ;
and many of you, who went from Gateshead to
Durham, must remember it as one of the most
heart-stirring sights ever beheld.—(Cheers.) Op-
posed by the whole weight of Tory influence, a large
subscription was raised to resist him ; but the spirit
of the freeholders triumphed over all opposition.
And now that the same resistance is offered, who
can doubt that the same result will follow ?
(Cheers.) Though Lord Durham has since been
raised to the honours of the peerage, he has ever
retained the political principles with which he set
out in life.—(Cheery.) He is now on a mission to
S?. Petersburgh ; the nature of that mission is un•
certain; but I am confident, that if the moral power
of this empire can cement the peace of Europe, pro-
mote the happiness of mankind, change the crooked
policy of Russia, or secure a suffering people from
tyranny and desolation, all that can be effected will
be accomplished by Lord Durham, supported as he
is, by the wishes and influence of Earl Grey.—
(Cheers.) The inhabitants of Gateshead are parti-
cularly indebted to the Noble Lord. To no man do
they owe so much as to him, for his successful as-
sertion of their right of representation, alike on the
grounds of population, trade, and the efficiency of
the Constituent body—a body than whom, I feel as-
sured, the electors of no borough in the kingdom
will more justly do their duty to themselves and the
country at large. I beg you will drink the health of
Lord Durham, with all the honours you can pay to
the toast.

" The health of Lord Durham" was then drank
with great enthusiasm and deafening applause.
Mr. LAMBTON is always a pleasure to hear
one's brother praised, though that praise be only
connected with the common occurrences of private
life. But to hear my noble relative praised as he
has been praised here, by my friend Dr. Headlam,
this night—to hear him praised for having, during
tie whole time he represented the county of Dur-
ham, done his duty with distinguished ability, un-
blemished honesty, and unwearied zeal, both as re-
gards the local advantages of the county arid the ge-
neral interests of the country—to hear him praised
not only for this, but for being one of the most ac-
tive, determined, and unflinching framers of the
Reform Bill—this combination of praise inspires, in
my breast, a feeling of pleasure and delight which
I cannot find words to express.—(Cheers.) I can
assure you it is one of my brother's most pleasurable
recollections, at this moment, that by his advocacy
of the Reform Bill—by his having taken the prin-
c pal part in the framing of this Bill, which has
given to the country a Magna Charta which will
permanently establish its interests and prosperity, he
has greatly, mainly contributed to give to the county
of Durham that share in the representation, which,
by its large possession of the elements of representa-
tion, it was justly entitled to.—(Cheers.) And per-
haps, at this very nv,ment, while far distant from his
native country, he is deriving pleasure from thereflec-
tion, that, in it, his name is not mentioned without
some slight degree of respect, affection and gratitude.
—(Cheers.) If any proof wire wanting that my
brother was an active, determined, and unyielding
framer of the Reform Bill, 1 have it in one fact—
the intense hatred that the Tory Boroughmongers
bear him.—(Loud cheers.) Nov, that intense hatred
makes me most unspeakably proud of my brother ;
for it proves, beyond the possibility of doubt, that
he deserves his country's praise, and his native
county's love.—(Renewed cheers.) That hatred
he treats with the most ineffable scorn—the most
unspeakable and sovereign contempt. He looks
fiirward only to following the great path he has cho-
sen for himself, and exclaims with the poet—

" Thy spirit, Independence, let me share,
6' Lord of the lion heart and eagle eye ;
" Thy steps I'll follow with my bosom bare,
" Nor heed the storm that howls along the sky."
( Great applause.) He heeds not the storm of Bo-
roughmongering abuse, but glories in it ; because
he knows that with it he has the public regard.—
(Cheers.) He has marked out for himself a great
path, which I know he will continue—the path
which should be that of every British patriot states-
man.—(Cheers.) He has no object--I say no ob-
ject be has but the public good—he asks no support
but public opinion—he seeks no reward but the
public regard.—(Loud cheers.) And if I may
judge from the bunt of enthusiastic cheering which
bailed his health in this room, coming, too, from an
assemblage of gentlemen animated by as pure a spirit
of patriotism,and by as enlightened feelings, as are to
be found in any other part of the empire, my brother
has obtained that which is the highest object of his de-
sires.—(Cheers.) Dr. Headlam has also alluded to him
as having been the defender of the borough of
Ga►eslread. He has alluded rather, I should say, to
his triumphant vindication of Gateshead. Now,
during the whole time that the Reform Bill was
under discussion, Gateshead was the object of ca-
lumnies—the most shameful and unjust calumnies,
from an infuriated and exasperated, but thank God
an expiring faction.—(Cheers.) And if I might—
if it would not appear impertinent interference and
impertinent advice, on my part, I would say, let
those calumnies have but one effect on the inhabi-
tants of Gateshead—that of inciting them to use
their privileges in a manner calculated to show that
they are not only as well qualified to possess them
as the inhabitants of any other town in England, but
that they are still better qualified.—(Cheers.) Let
Gateshead hereafter be celebrated for the superior
eloquence, patriotism, and statesman-like ability of
its representative—for the superior enlightenment
an'e,"morality of its inhabitants, even of the very
lowest—for the excellence of its schools, and the
liberality and benevolence of its institutions—let it
thus entitle itself to the praise and admiration of all,
whether neighbours or strangers; and be this the only
answer the inhabitants of Gateshead will condescend
to give to the shameful and contemptible calumnies
that have been levelled at their character.—(Cheer-
lug.) I will now only say, that I am sure that when
my brother shall be informed how cordially you
greeted the mention of his name, the fact will add to
those feelings of kindness, esteem, and regard which
he has invariably borne towards the inhabitants of
Gat eshead.—( Cheers.)
Mr. G. l-Ltwxs proposed " the health of the
Marquis of Cleveland," which was drank with three
times three.

Mr. W. WILLIAMSON gave " the newly enfran-
c•hised Boroughs," in a short speech ; and Mr. Rus-
sell Bowlby returned thanks on behalf of the Bo-
rough of South Shields.
We understand that several excellent speeches
were afterwards delivered, and many appropriate
toasts drank; but as we were compelled, by other
claims upon our attention, to leave the room at a
comparatively early hour, we are unable to lay any
further report of the proceedings before our readers.
