CANADA.

Mr. LEADER presented a petition agreed to at a
large meeting which was held at Edinburgh, and signed
by John Fraser, the Chairman, on behalf of the meeting,
against the coercion of Canada.
NEGRO APPRENTICESHIP.
_ _ _

Mr. BAINES presented a petition from Leeds, signed
by 15,000 inhabitants of that town, complaining that, not-
withstanding the measures which had been taken by Go-
vernment to put down slavery in the West Indies, its most
aggravated featurs still remained. The petitioners stated,
under the apprenticeship system the negroes were treated
with the greatest cruelty—that the food given them was in-
sufficient for sustenance—and that the whole system was re-
pulsive to every principle of English law. They stated,
also, that proof could be adduced that the system ope-
rated in a manner most prejudicial to British interests ; and
they say there would be no difficulty in putting an end to
a system repugnant to every feeling of justice and huma-
nity, because, in the islands of Antigua and Bermuda, the
experiment of liberating theNslaves had been tried, and it had
not been found that the public peace of these islands was less
complete than when the apprenticeship system was in force.
They therefore prayed that an end might be put to the
system on the Ist of August next at the latest. As the
Hon. Member for Warwickshire had given notice of a
motion on the subject, he (Mr. B.) would not at present
say more than that a strong feeling prevailed throughout
the country on the subject, and that he hoped measures
would be adopted to settle this question on the principles
of humanity and benevolence.
COAL TRADE OF LONDON.
LABOUCHERE gave notice that on Monday
next he should move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the whole House, to consider the Act
1 Will. 4, c. 76, regulating the coal trade of the port of
London.

SHERIFFS' COURT (SCOTLAND) BILL.
Captain GORDON presented a petition from the
advocates of Aberdeen against the Sheriffs' Court Scot-
land Bill. Seeing the Learned Lord in his place, he
begged to ask him whether he had any objection to postpone
the Bill.

The LORD ADVOCATE had been frequently
reproached for putting off Bills, and he had afterwards found
the greatest difficulty in bringing those Bills forward. He
intended to propose several alterations in the Committee
on the Bill, which he trusted would remove all the objec-
tions that at present existed.

A HON. MEMBER, whose name we could not learn, pre-
sented two petitions in favour of the Ballot.

Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from the Dean
and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Exeter against the
suppression of the Bishopric of Sodor and Man.

Lord SANDON presented a petition from the Torn
Council of Liverpool, praying for an immediate repeal of
the Apprenticeship clauses of the Bill for abolishing
Slavery in the West Indies.

Lord C. FITZROY presented a petition to the same
effect from Bury St. Edmunds.

EDUCATION IN SCOTLAND.

An HON. MEMBER (we believe Mr. ClltslloLI!) beg-
ged to ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whom he then
saw in his place, whether it was his intention to proceed
with the Bill for the:extension of education in the Highlands
of Scotland. It was a subject upon which great anxiety
was felt in that country, and he had been requested to
press it upon the attention of the Right Honourable Gen-
tleman opposite.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, who
spoke in an exceedingly low tone of voice, with his back to
the Reporters' Gallery, was understood to say that he
would proceed with the Bill on Tuesday.
Mr. WA KLEY would take that opportunity of asking
the Right Hon. Gentleman, whether he was prepared to pro-
ceed with any measure for the extension of education inEng-
land, where it was as much wanted as in Scotland.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said
that the present was not a suitable occasion for going into
the question raised by the Hon. Member for Finsbury.
The Bill to which the Hon. Member opposite had referred,
related only to a few parishes, and he only brought it for-
ward to enable him to carry into effect a declaration
which he had made to a deputation which had waited
upon him.

LINEN YARN.
Mr. BAINES moved for returns of the quantities of
Linen Yarn exported in the years 1834, 1835, 1836, and
1837, respectively.
COURT OF SESSION—SCOTLAND.
The LORD ADVOCATE gave notice that he would
on Monday move that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the whole House on the Court of Session Scot-
land Bill.

Sir GEORGE SINCLAIR wished to ask his Right
Hon. Friend, whether it was his intention to propose any
alteration in the salaries of the Scotch Judges during the
present Session ?
The LORD ADVOCATE stated that he was unable,
at present, to answer the question of the Hon. Baronet.

CANADA.
Sir ROBERT INGLIS wished to ask a question
on two subjects of considerable importance. The
first related to the Caroline steamer, and he wished,
to know whether the Government were in possession of any
further accounts than had appeared in the American papers.
The second point was, whether the Noble Lord would
favour the House with a statement of the situation in which
Mr. Fox, her Majesty's Minister at Washington, was now
placed towards the Government of the United tates ?
Lord PALMERSTON said that with regard to the
Caroline, no official accounts had been received at the Co-
lonial office, and nothing on the subject was known except.
what had appeared in the American newspapers. He couldl
answer the question with relation to Mr. Fox, as de-
spatches had been received from him in the course of the
day. These despatches were dated the sth January.
Mr. Fox on the 2d January had received a letter from Sir
Francis Head, stating what had taken place with regard to
Navy Island, and the occupation of that place by a body
of persons armed and equipped within the territory of
the United States, and assisted by American citizens.
Mr. Fox, therefore, communicated these facts to the Secre-
tary of the United States, and received in reply a friendly-
communication ; in the first instance verbally from Mr. Fc,r-
sy th, containing an expression of sentiments such as might be
expected from the friendly spirit of the United States Go-
vernment towards this country, and the high sense of honour
by which that country has been actuated in its dealings with
foreign countries. On the sth inst. he had received a note,
in which Mr. Forsyth assured Mr. Fox that all the Consti-
tutional powers vested in the Executive would be exercised
to maintain the supremacy of this country, and that they
should be always disposed to fulfil the obligations of the
United States Government to all those nations which were
engaged in foreign or domestic wars. In addiGoa
to the assurance that all powers now vested in the
Central Government, for the purpose of preventing
aggression, the President on the sth sent down a mes-
sage to the Congress, stating to it, that the law as it stood
was insufficient to enable the Government to prevent
such proceedings, and asking Congress to give the
Executive further powers for that purpose. Upon
that communication a short discussion took place in
the Congress, in which many of the leading men took part,
and in which all persons who spoke expressed sentiments of
the most friendly description towards this country.
(Cheers.) 'They also stated that it was their strong
wish that the laws should be enforced, and if the ,
laws, "as they at present existed, were not sufficient,
stronger powers ought to be given.—(Cheers.) Nothing
could be more satisfactory than the communications that
had taken place between her Majesty's Government and
that of the United States. He thought that the House.:
might confidently trust—although there might have bee%,s,
on both sides, acts committed not consistent with the laws,

and in violation of the treaties that existed—he thought
considering the unanimity that had existed between the
two countries, that the House might trust that nothing
had taken place to prevent the friendly relations which
existed between this country and the United States.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that the Hon. Gentle-
man opposite had asked him a question with respect to the
steam vessel that had been reported to have been burnt in
Canada. In answer to that question he begged to say that
her Majesty's Government had received no communication
with respect to that transaction ; it was impossible, there-
fore, to give the Honourable Member an answer to his
question until some communication had been received
on the subject. A dispatch had been received
from Sir Francis B. Head, dated on the 28th of Dec.,
and there was also another from Sir John Colborne of the
2d January, which stated that all future operations with
respeet to Navy Island, were to be carried on under the
direction of Sir J. Colborne.—(Cheers.)
NEW ZEALAND ASSOCIATION.
Mr. PLUMTREE wished to ask the Under Secretary
of State for the Colonies, whether it was proposed to grant
a Charter to the New Zealand Association, for the pur-
pose of enabling them to establish a Colony there ?
Sir GEORGE GREY said that an application for a
charter had been made, and negociations had taken place
upon the subject, which were still pending.
Mr. GLADSTONE wished to know whether the
Under Secretary of State for the Colonies would have spy
objection to the production of the correspondence between
Sir John Colborne and General Eden, us that correspon-
dence was not in the paper now on the table of the House?
Sir GEORGE GREY said that the correspondence to
which the Hcn. Member had adverted was not transmitted
in the dispatch from Lord Gosford. The whole of the cor-
respondence contained in that dispatch had been laid on
the table. Upon an application, however, to the Horse
Guards, it was discovered that the correspondence having
been between Military Captains, it had been sent to the
War Office. He could not see any objection on the part
of the Government to its production.
PRISONERS IN PORTUGAL.
Mr. NIACLEA.N begged leave to ask the Noble
Secretary for Foreign Affairs, whether he had any answer
to give respecting the petition which had been presented,
praying for the interference of Government relative to the
Englishmen now imprisoned in Portugal ?
Lord PALMERSTON said, that immediately on re-
ceiving the petition he sent it out to Lord Howard, in-
structing him to inquire into the circumstances con-
nected with it. He had received the Noble Lord's an-
swer, and he intended to lay it upon the table along
with other papers connected with the affairs of that
country. He had no doubt that the contents of that
paper would be perfectly satisfactory to the Hon. Gen-
tleman.
COURT OF SESSION (SCOTLAND) BILL.
The LORD ADVOCATE moved that this Bill he
committed.
Mr. FORBES begged that the Learned Lord would
postpone the committal of the Bill to a future day.
There were a number of Gentlemen interested in the
matter, and whose opinions were of very great weight, who
had not arrived to take their seats.
Mr. HU NIE hoped that the Learned Lord would resist
all spplications of the kind that were made to him. He
knee, from experience, that if the present opportunity were
lost, no other would offer throughout the ticsskn.
The LORD ADVOCATE sei4l it was out of no
disrespect to the lion. Members who bad at.'esd him to do
so that he refused to comply it wishes, but he
could not neglect the present opcortenity.
The house then wsnt into a Coannittee.
Mr. WALLACE was about to complaia of the first
dense when he was informed that it would be altered ac-
cording to his views.
Clauses from 1 to 10 inclusive were agreed to without
amendment.
Clausse from 12 to 18 lec:usit.e, were then agreed to,
with a few verbal Amendments.
Clauses 20 and 21 were postponed.
Clause 22 was agreed to.
Clauses nifi, 24, 25, 26', and its 32, were postpened, ex-
cepting 28, which was agreed to.
Clauses 33, 34, 35, and 86, were egresd to, after which,
The CHAIRMAN lett the chair, and the Housq
resumed.
The CHAIRMAN repotted progress, and obtatica
leave to sit again en Mondey.
In reply to Sir G. SINCLAIR,
Mr. ROBERT STEUA:wr n.ld that the money
clauses were ell psstponed.
SHERIFFS' COURT BILL (SCOTLAND).
On the motion of the LORD A.DVOCATE, that the
llouse resolve itself into a Committee upon the Sheriffs
Court BID,
Captain GORDON raid, that as it was understood that
great alterations would be made in the Bill, he would sug-
6est that it should only go through Committee at present
pro forma, until the Learned Lord had digested the altera-

tions.
The answer of the Lord Advocate was not heard in the
Gallery ; and after a desultory conversation, in which Mr.
Goulburn, Sir G. Sinclair, Mr. Robert Steuart, and others
• Committee.
On part, the House went into
On clause I having been read,
Mr. WALLACE felt bound to object to the alterations
made in respect to the residence of the Sheriffs. He thought
that they should be obliged to reside at least four months in
the year within the jurisdiction of their Courts.
After a few words from Mr. C FE RG L'S SON,
The LORD ADVOCATE said that the Sheriffs who en-
tirely resided in the counties where they exercised their
lurisdietion were those who generally gave the least satisfac-
tion, on account of their local prejudices. The Act at pre-
sent in existence, although it rz!commended the feur months'
residence, did not at all put it into force. By the Bill now
in progress the Sheriffs would be bound to hold eight Courts
in the year, and as many more as they should think fit ; the
number of which, to form a check, they would be obliged to
send to the Secretary of State. If the Sheriffs were made
resident, the country would not have good law. On these
grounds, the Law Commissioners recommended the changes
that had been made, which he could not feel justified in
altering.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL had no hesitation in
saying that the less the Sheriffs resided in their counties the
better. This clause was, in his opinion, a very great im-
provement.
After a few words from Sir G. SINCLAIR, which were
inaudible in the gallery,
Mr. GIL LON thought it was unnecessary to have two offi-
cers performing the duty which could be accomplished by
one. He should also like to see words introduced into the
clause rendering it compulsory to have Courts holden every
month.
Mr. HUME said, the Bill was in his opinion, one for the
continuance of sinecures, and he considered residence would be
of much greater advantage than keeping up a knowledge of
the law by going to Edinburgh.
The LORDADVOCATE' said, that with respect to La-
narkshire, there was always enough of business there to keep
the sheriff constantly engaged, and so many judgments were
brought before his view, that knowledge of the law was
thus continually refreshed and kept up by the extent of his
practice. This was not the case in the other counties.
Mr. HUME thought that the answer of the Right Hon.
Gentleman showed that whatever might be the case in La-
narkshire the appointment of the Sheriff generally was a sort of
sinecure appointment.
Mr. PRINGLE was übderstood to admit that there was a
general feeling in favour of resident sheriffs; but, for his own
part, he thought there was an advantage in having the sheriff
in Edinburgh, as an opportunity was afforded to him of 'con-
sulting the best legal authorities upon any difficult question.
After a short conversation between Mr. Forbes, Mr. Vial-
lace, Sir G. Sinclair, Mr. Gluon, and the Judge Advocate,
The clause was agreed to, as were also clauses up to 8 in-
clusive, with some verbal amendments.
Clauses up to 14 were then agreed to, when Mr. PRIN-
GLE moved a verbal amendment on clause 15, when the
House divided, and there appeared for the original clause—
Ayes
Noes
Majority for the original clause —32
Clauses 16 and 17 were agreed to.
On clause 18 being proposed, empowering the Secretary of
State to appoint Commissioners, which power Mr. W.
FORBES said should be left to the sheriffs, and moved an
amendment to that effect, whereupon the House again divided.
The result was—
Ayes
Noes
Majority for the original clause _3l
The remaining clauses were agreed to, and the House re
fumed.

BENEFICES PLURALITIES.
Lord J. RUSSELL moved the second reading of the
Benefices Bill.
Mr. HUME gave notice that he would object to several
claiises of the Bill, namely, the 4th, sth, 6th, 68th, 69th, and
72d, on its going into Committee. As regarded the principle
of the measure he existing
Act; deemed it an improvement on the existin
bot stillit did not, in his opinion, go to the root of the
evil HC should not therefore take the sense of the House on
e strongly objected to the principle of perpetuating
it, though
pluralities.
IG , ItLIS agreed with the principle of the Bill;
Sir R. fi
but he objected hest decidedly to many of the details. He
also objected to the measure,because, its preamble, a very
unfair impression would be given to the world as to the actual
:date of the Established Church. He hoped that the Bill
tv,luld not be permitted to have an ex post facto operation.
Lord J. RUSSELL stated that on another occasion he
`.;oule. have to introduce a Bill for the regulation of Deans and
t:',haptors of cathedrals, by which he hoped to effect a saving
120,0001. a year, to be applied to the better provision of
spiritual instruction. That Bill would be introduced for the
urpose of carrying into effect, with modifications, the fourth
,eport of the Church Commissioners. The suggestions of
:he Commissioners contained in that Report would be adopted
“enerally as the fo,:mdation of the Bill ; but there would be
,ertain modifications 7f some of them proposed by him on the
• ,s-ponsibility of her Maj•-sty's Government, in which he hoped
hoe the Hon. Baronet's suppgrt, One of these niodifiea-

tions he might mention to the House—a proposition he would
make that in no case the income of a Dean should exceed
2,0001. a year, or the income of a Canon 1,000/. By the re-
sidue he hoped to be able to provide for the better religious in-
struction of various small livings.
Sir R. H. INGLIS should give his most decided opposi-
tion to such a measure, as it was vicious in principle and would
be pernicious in practice.
Mr. H AWE S said, the 8111 did not honestly meet the ques-
tion by putting an end to pluralities altogether, and therefore
he should give it his opposition.
After a few words from Lord J. RUSSELL the Bill was
read a second time, and ordered to be committed on Monday
fortnight.
MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS (IRELAND.)
Lord J. RUSSELL moved the second reading of the Mu-
nicipal Corporation Ireland) Bill. The Noble Lord was
understood to suggest that the discussion on the merits of the
measure should take place on its going into Committee.
Sir R. INGLIS was not a party to the English Bill; and
he would not be a party to the one now before the House. Be-
sides, he did not find, in the case of the English Corporation
Bill, any single argument to justify the application of a similar
measure to Ireland. He did not want to destroy the existing
Corporations in Ireland, because, in the first place, there was
no evidence to convict them of the magnified evils which cur-
rent report had ascribed to them ; and, in the second, because
it had not been proved that any evils which they might foster
in their Constitution were irremediable.
Mr. SHAW should reserve any observations he intended to
make to that future stage, on which the Noble Lord sug-
guested the discussion should be taken. He hoped, however,
that the Noble Lord would not bring it on until after the Irish
Poor Law Bill should heve been disposed of, as they were so
intimately connected.
Lord J. RUSSELL bad no possible objection to the coarse
proposed by the Right Hon. Gentleman, as he had always in-
tended to take the Committee on the Irish Poor Law Bill first.
He would, however, for the satisfaction of the Right Hon.
Gentleman, say that he should name an early day for the Com-
mittee on the latter Bill, and not bring on the Bill before the
i House untill it was disposed of.
The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be
committed on Monday fortnight.
CONTROVERTED ELECTIONS FEES.
On the motion of Mr. HUME, the further consideration of
the Report of the Committee on Controverted Election Fees
was resumed.
The HON MEMBER then read the resolution of the Commit-
tee and a portion of the Report, and entered into a statement
of the proceedings which had taken place before it. The fees
at controverted elections, it was found, averaged about one-
seventh or ene-eighth of the entire expenses ; and they would
if abolished be equal to an annual loss—made from an ave-
raged aggregate of three years—of 2.113 to the public. But
even if the hese had been greater they should be abolished, for
they were unjust as well as exorbitant. After calling the at-
tention of the House to the suggestions of the Committee in
respect of elections generally, the Hon. Member moved, in
!substance, the two following, the first of a series of resolu-
tions of which be had given notice :
" 1. That the fees chargeable in controverted elections, as
per List ( A ) be abolished, in so far as they have reference to
the public service.
" 2. That the charge for copies of evidence and documents
furnished, when requested, to either of the parties, be reduced
from ls. to 451. per folio of 72 words."
The third resolution was then moved to the following
effect :
" 3. That as some of the fees and expenses charged by the
Clerk of Recogeizances have not been sanctioned by any
resolution of :be llouee, it is expedient that the scale of
fees on entering into recognizances should be revised ; and
that the rime should continue to be paid by the parties pc-
titiening."
Mr. HUME proposed that this revision should take place
either by a Ceternittee. or, in preference, by the Speaker
himself, who would have plenty of time during the recess.—
( Leught r. )
The SPEAKER said that re it involved an interference
with the clu:ies of Masters in Chancery, he felt that his per-
sonal proceeding in the matter would be rather a delicate
etiair, and thoueht that it would be Letter accomplished by a
Committee.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that the Hen. Member. ap-
peared to wish to pledge the House before sufficient inquiry
had been made, and wished the matter postponed.
After some ol,sereations from Messrs. W. S O'Brien,
Wasburters, Goi den, Jarvis, and -P. Thomson.
Mr. HUME merely asked tlte House to affirm the opinion
expressed by the Committee, and thst he would at a future
.1-v lay the plan for its aecornplishment before the Cereraittee,
preparatery t 6 the husness of next Session.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL assented, and the third resolu-
tion wos earrisrl.
Mr. HUME withdrew the fourth resolution, and the fifth
was, after a few obsetvations by the previous speakers, affirmed
coedisienalle like the third.
• SHIP MORTGAGES BILL.
Mr. G. F. YOUNG rose to move the second reading of
this Billein favour of which he begged leave to present a pe-
tition. He bad to centered with two classes of objectors—
those vs ho thought the.t the Bill imposed too many restrictions
on shipowners, and those. who thought that they ought not to
be allowed to effect mortgagee at all. 'I he evils of the pre-
sent system were, however, glaring, inasmuch as they afforded
no protection to " material men" in the ship-building trade.
Previous to IBen.; it was a well-known fact that a man in the
Navy Office purchased an old ship for 1,000/. He next in-
curred expellees of .3,0001. in repairs, and then obtained an ad-
vance of money by way of mortgage of 4,0001. He then west
into all kind of reckless speculations ; and when the ship
returned, from a losing voyage, and the man was obliged
to sell it, he only obtained 4,000/., which merely paid off
the mortgage, leaving the tradesmen who had previously ex-
pended the sum of 5,000/. in repairing without a farthing of
remuneration. He had not, however, brought this Bill for-
ward at the instigation of tradesmen, but on his own convic-
tion, founded on the representation of shipowners, who de-
(dared to him that the Bill of 1823 was attended with the
most ruinous consequences. As to the objection which he
understood was to be made to the proposed publicity given to
mortgages by his Bill, it was a mere bugbear ;toot fr the trades-
men interested in a ship can at present go he Custom
House, and learn there its value in the market. Unfortunately,
however, though their claims might be prior to the mortga-
gees, they would not be recognised ; a defective state of the
law which he particularly wished to remedy by the clauses of
registration and publicity introduced into his Bill. He had
drawn up the Bill for the United Kingdom, conceiving that it
included England and Scotland, but had lately received letters
front Dublin and Glasgow, begging him to extend the Bill
specially to Ireland and Scotland.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON objected to this Bill, as it
would alter that comprehensive and excellent one of 1825,
which was under the consideration of Parliament many years,
in connexion with the subject of foreign grain. The legisla-
tion proposed in this Bill was most absurd. How would
the preamble sound if, instead of ships, it contained the
• words houses and tenements ? To make the Bill consistent
it should also prevent the sale of ships as well as the mortgag-
ing of them.
Mr. A. CHAPMAN did not see any hardship in the Bill.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL opposed the Bill on ge-
neral principles, as well as on the ground that what it pro-
posed to do would be effected by the existing law.
Sir J. R. REID should give the Bill every opposition in
his power.
Mr. JARVIS supported the principle of the Bill, and
thought it could in some measure be applied to all species of
property, landed and personal. •
Mr. CLAY said it was clear, from the opposition offered
by many influential shipowners, that the measure was not ge-
nerally acceptable, and he would therefore beg of the Hon.
Member for Tynemouth to re-consider the Bill, and endea-
vour to frame a measure which should prove more generally
satisfactory.
Mr. INGHAM stated his dissent last year, and found since
that the feelings of the shipowners of the north coincided with
him, and if it were known that it would come on so early he
would be prepared with several petitions against it.
Sir J. DUKE had a letter in his hands from the ship-
' owners of South Shields, which breathed the strongest oppo-
sition to the Bill. He had also similar documents from Scot-
land. He thought the Bill would give a very unfair advan-
tage to the shipbuilders, to the detriment of the shipowning
body.
Mr. P. THOMSON thought that the Hon. Member was
warranted in bringing in the Bill ; but from what had occurred,
he trusted the measure would now be withdrawn.
The motion was then withdrawn.
Mr. LUCAS moved the second reading of the Conacre
Tenant (Ireland) Bill. To show the extent to which this
tenure existed in Ireland, the Hon. Gentleman referred to the
Report of the Commissioners of Poor Inquiry, where there
stated that a great portion of the poor depended on it for their
entire subsistence. He did not propose by this Bill to alter
the ordinary practice.
After some conversation the Bill was read a second time,
and ordered to be committed for Wednesday, the 29th of
March.
Mr. HUME moved for a copy of a memorial addressed to
the Lords of her Majesty's Treasury by a body of merchants
and traders of the city of London, respecting certain proceed-
ings threatened by the Stamp-office against the Commercial
Daily List, and suggesting that the same protection should
be afforded to that publication as was afforded to the Custom-
house Bills of Entry, Prices Current, and other commercial
papers ; and a copy of any minute of the Treasury thereupon,
and also a copy of the answer of their Lordships' Secretary to
the memorial. Also for a copy of any of the minutes of the
Lords of the Treasury and orders of the Board of Commis-
sioners of Stamps, respecting the publication of the names of
shipbrokere in the list of Ships Loading, in the Customs Bill
of Entry B, and of the names of brokers in the Commercial
Daily List, the Mercantile Journal, and other publications of
a wholly commercial nature, showing the Act of Parliament
and section under which the publication of such names has
been prohibited : stating also the period prior to this prohibi-
tion during which these names have been published without
interruption from the Stamp-office, in the Customs Bills of
Entry, Prince's Price Current, the Sale List of the East In-
dia Company, and in other publications of a wholly commer-
cial nature.—Agreed to.
The House then adjourned at a Quarter to Twelve o'clock.

NEWCAST L E- UPON -TY NE, FEB. 1.-Addison
Langhorne Potter, Esq., coal-owner, and proprietor of the Newcastle
brewery, one of th,e Aldermen of this borough, was, with the exception
of one dissentient, unanimously recommended to the Home. Department.
by the Town Council at their last meeting, to fill the office of magistrate,
in lieu of Anthony Exsterby, Eaq., who has resigned that dignity 00
account of his advanced age, being 82. Mr. Potter is the advocate of
liberal principles, and his popularity may be inferred from the fact
above stated, that his recommendation was all but unanimous.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE To-mmuvvcv.
Morning ...... 52 minutes after 9 I Evening

LADY BLESSINGTON'S NEW WORK.
This day was published, in 1 vol. post Bvo., with Plates, executed
M r
under the superintendence of .C. Heath, 213. cloth lettered,
CONFESSIONS of an ELDERLY LADY.
By the COUNTESS of BLESSINGTON.
Being a
Companion to the " Confessions of an Elderly Gentleman."
London : Longman, Orme, and Co.

The publication of THE SUN NRWSPAPER eommenced this day
at 10 minutes past Three o' Clock.

^C.:4141.0

(pin aza

WITH WHICH
" THE TRUE SUN" IS NOW

INCORPORATED.

LONDON
SATURDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 3, IM$•

In the House of Lords last night, on the motion of Lcird GLENELO,
the Lower Canada Government Bill, after a protracted discussion, which
we have made the subject of a separate article, was read a second time.
Lord BROUGHAM then moved that Mr. Roebuck be heard at the bar
on Monday, on the question that the Bill be committed, not as agent for
the House of Assembly, but as regarded the subject matter of his
petition.
The motion was agreed to.
The third report of the Committee on religious instruction in Scot
land, presented by Lord DUNCANNON, was ordered to be printed.
The House then adjourned.
In the HOUSE of COMMONS several petitions were presented, many of
them, as will be seen by a reference to our Parliamentary report, involve
matters of great national importacce.
Mr. LABOUCHERE gave notice that on Monday next he should move
the appointment of a Select Committee on the Act of Parliament" regu-
lating the Coal Trade of the port of London."
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER communicated his intention to
proceed on Tuesday with the Bill for the extention of Education in
the Highlands of Scotland.
Mr. \VARLET asked whether he was prepared to proceed with any
measure for the extension of education in England, where it was as
much wanted as in Scotland.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER answered that the present was
not a suitable occasion for going into the question.
Sir It. Ixolas asked in what relation Mr. Fox, our Ambassador in
the United States, was placed as regarded that Government, and
whether any official account had been received of the affair of the
Caroline steamer ?
Lord PALMERSTON in his answer said that he had that day received
despatches from Mr. Fox, dated January 5, announcing that un the
Oil of January lie had a letter from Sir F. Head, relating the particu-
lars of the affair of the Caroline, and what had taken place at Navy
Island.
Lord J. RUSSELL stated that no official information with regard to
the Caroline had yet been received. Despatches from Sir F. Head,
dated Dec. 2.8, had been received, and from Sir John Colborne, dated
Jan. All future operations against the rebels in Navy Island wound
be carried ou by Sir John Colborne. at whose disposal a force had Leen
placed for that purpose.
The Court of Session (Scotland) Bill went through Committee without
discussion, and was ordered to be committed on Monday next.
The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Bill was debated in Committee and re.
ported with Amendments.
ihe Benefiees Plurality Bill was read a second time and ordered to
be committed on Monday, the 19th.
The Lich Municipal Corporations Bill wag read a second time and or-
dered to be committed on Monday.
Gn the motion of Mr. HUME, the resolutions unanimeusly agreed to
bi,- the Controverted Election Fees Committee we:e a.....reeti to.
Mr. YOUNG moved the second reading of the Ships Mertgaaes Bill,
but after sorce discussion, the Hon Men-J.)2r consented to withiir,:w it.
ihe Conacre Teuants (Ireland) Bill was read a second time alai or-
dered to be committed on the 19th March.
The House adjourne.l at a querter to 1.2 o'clock.

We have recr,l,-ed New York Papers of the 10th ult.,
via Falmouth,—two days later than those forwarded yes-
terday front Liverpool. Their contents are interesting.
Governor MAitcY lia-1 sent to President. Van Bongs a
c:.py of that pert of his message, published in our cOlumns
of Thursday, which :elated to the hu'ning of the steamer
Caroline, with the affidavit of such of the crew as escaped,
and other documentS showing the 'Arcing excitement that
prevailed on the frontier in consequence of this atrocious
outrage. "ihese documents were at once submitted to the
British Ainbasnrior at Washingtt.n, with whose coacnr-
rence President Van BUREN, on the Bth &t, ordered the
folio-sins; mess 4;e to be presented to the Senate and House
of Representatives--
" ' To the Senate and 'louse. of RepresenLtives, United States.
" I In the highly excited state of reeling on the northern frontier, oc-
casioned by the disturba7:ces in Canada, it was to be apprehended that
causes of cemp;aint might arise on the line nividing the United States
from her Britannic IVl,jesty's dominions. Every precaution was there-
fore taken on our part authorised by the existing law , and as the troops
of the provinces were embo..ied on the Canadian side, it was hoped that I
, no serious violation of the rights of the United States would oe permit-
! ted to occur. 1 regret, however, to inform !,ou that an outrage. of a
tROSt aggravated character has been committed.,aceompanied by a ho.,tile,
though temporary inva,lon of our territory, producing the strongest
feelings of resentment on the part of our citizens in the neighbourhood and
on the whole border line, and that the excitement previously existing has
been alarmingly increased. To guard against the possible recurrence of
any similar act, I have thought it indispeesable to call out a portion of
the Militia, to be posted on that frontier. The document herewith
pres2nted to Congress shows the character of the outrage committed,
the measures taken in consequence of its occurrence and the nuc....9-
oily for resorting to them. I; will also be seen that the subject was
immediately brought to the notice of the British Minister accredited to
this country, and the proper steps taken on our part to obtain the :ul.
lest information of all the circumstances leading to and attendant upoh
n
the transaction, 'preparatory to a demand for reparation. 11..5k suc
appropriation as the circumstances in which our country is thus ones.
pectedly placed require. " M. VAN BC lIEN.
" Washington, Jan. 8, 1838.,"
"The documents were also read, which consist of affidavits, &C.,
detailing the circumstances of the capture of the Caroline, the orders
to General Scott, and the following correspondence with Mr. Fox,
MR. POINSETT TO GENERAL SCOST.
" Department of War, Jan. 5.
" Sig,—You will repair, without delay, to the Canada frontier of the
United States, and assume the military command there.
" Herewith you will rt ceive duplicate letters to the- Governors of
the States of Nt.w York arid Vermont, requesting them to call into the
service of the United States such a militia force as you may deem ne-
cessary for the defence of that frontier.
" This power has Leen confided to you in the full persuasion that
you will use it discreetly, and extend the call only so far as circum-
stances may seem to require.
" It is important that the troops called into the service should be, if
possible, exempt from that state of excitement which the late violation n
of our territory has created, and you will, therefore, imprsss upo the
Governors of these border states, the propriety of selecting troops from
a portion of the state distant from the theatre of action.
7.` The Executive p,ssesses no legal authority to employ the military
force to restrain,persons within our jurisdiction, and who ought to be
under our control, from viol .ting
.our laws, by making incursions into
the territory of neighbouring and friendly rations with hostile intent.
I can give you, therefore, no instructions on that subject; but request
that you will use your influence to prevent such excesses, and to pre.
serve the character of this Government for good faith and a proper re-
gard for the rights of friendly powers.
" The militia will be called into the service for three months, unless
sooner discharged ; and in your requisitions you will designate the num-
ber c,f men, and take care that the officers do not exceed a due pro-
portion.
"It is deemed important that the administrative branch f the ser-
vice should be conducted, wherever practicable, by officers of tohe regular

army.
" The disposition of the force, with regard to the points to be occu-
pied, is confided to your discretion, military skill, and intimate know-
ledge of the country ; and the amount of that force must depend upon
the chars ter and duration of the contest now going on in Canada, and
the disposition manifested by the people and the public authorities of
that colony.
" The President indulges a hope that outrages similar to that
will
which
lately occurred at Schlosser, will not be repeated, and that you be
able to maintain the peace of that frontiers without being called upon
to use the force which has been confided to you.
" Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
" J. R. POINSETT.
" Brevet Major General Winfield Scott, Washington City."

MR. POINSETT TO GOVERNOR MARCY.
" Department of War, Jan. 5.
" Sir,—The territory of the United States having been violated by 3
party of armed men from the Canada shore, and apprehensions being
entertained, from the highly excited feelings of both parties, that
similar outrages may lead to an invasion of our soil, the President has
thought proper to exercise the authority vested in him by law, and tall
out such a militia force as may be deemed necessary to protect the
frontier of the United States.
I am, in consequence, instructed by the President to reque,t you
will call into the service of the United States, and place under the con,
mand of Brevet Major-General Scott, such militia force as he may re-
quire to be employed on the Canada frontier, herein set forth.
" Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

" J. It. POINSETT.

"'His Excellency W. L. Marcy,
" Governor of New York, Albany, New York.
" Same to his Excellency, Silas H. Jenison, Governor of Vermont,
Montpelier, Vermont."
