their circulation ; and we should infer, from
.he improved symptoms which we have since
4iserved, that their concerns are now in a con-
lition of greater ease and security. But no one
ean dcubt, who looks attentively at the accounts
o which the public hav,9 access—who knows
lthe amolint fOr which the depositors in the
;Savings-Banks have a claim—who considers
;that the stock of gold at the ILA must supply
dl drafts upon the (Alibi. issues of paper in
I England, Scotland, and 'lreland—and who re-
collects the simultaneous demands which were
made during the two first days of the Interreg-
num—that a state of things exists which re-
;quires the united wisdom, caution, and ex-
perience of the Committee. Is this a time for
ISir Robert to desert his duty ? If our adverse
fates had decteed that he should still be our
ruler, would his personal interests, which are
now pleaded as an excuse for his absenting
himself,; have prevented his advising in the
Cabinet an arrangement for the renewal of the
Charter ? His absence from the Committee on
the abolition of slavery tan only be accounted
for on equally jesuitical grounds. We have no
desire to enter into an examination of the
• measures pursued by the present GoVernment on
this subject—we know they have been in strict
accordance ...;41 the policy of the preceding
colonW administration—that they are founded
Oh the principlesof Mr. Canning's resolutions, to
which Mr. Peel was a party—and that they have
been directed with touch r. ea!, and with the best in-
tentions to promote the great objects in which the
public take so deep an interest—the amelioration of
the condition of the slave, with a view to the ulti-
mate extinction of slavery. The subject is one of
,! great complexity, rendered still more difficult by
Pi the violent feelings and passions of the parties in-
terested in it. The controversies entered into
with the Colonial Legislatures by the Fate Go-
vernment, in their endeavours to enforce their
Orders in Council, produced a state of feeling
in the islands which has involved the present
Cabinet in uninterrupted disputes with them ;
• and the case has not been made better by en-
deavours to carry into effect regulations which
their predecessors had threatened to enforce, with
what sincerity or honesty we pretend not to de-
* termine. Still this embarrassing question was
left upon their hands in an equally unsatisfactory.
and perplexed state with that of the Bank ; and
when Mr. Buxton applies for a Committee to
attempt a settlement, Sir R. Peel thinks it equally
worthy of his character to refuse, his assistance
even to his friends, the West Indians—for whose;
misfortunes he expresses so much sympathy and
distress. In this line of conduct we understand
his colleagues, Sir George Murray and Mr.,
Gonlburn, join—the latter possibly on the same;
ground on which Sir IL Peel has excused himself.
from • attending the Bank Committee. The
sneaking contruct of the Political Surface in
this'absenteeism is a compound of two despicable
ingredients of character—tide-waiting, for party
changes ; and rank cowardice. The first motive
will, we predict, be signally disappointed. Sir
Robert Peel will never main be intrusted with the
administration of our 'future public affairs, till
he has expiated his political offences of the last
fifteen years. He must not flatter himself that
the past transactions of his fatal civil and finan-
cial policy will escape the probe of the first Re-
formed Parliament. We shall on an early op-
portunity take a retrospective review of his poli-
tical life.—Morning Chronicle.
Thank God ; the Reform Bill has at length
passed. It was read a third time last night in
the House of Lords, and now 6nly awaits the
assent of his Most Gracious Majesty to become
the law of the land. The debate which pre-
ceded the consummation of this stage of the
measure was, like all the previous debates on
the same subject, a tissue of violence and folly
on one side, contrasted with temperance and
reason on the other. It did not last long enough,
however, to become so tedious as when the
orators of corruption were inspired with hope.
The whole was concluded by nine o'cleck, Lord
Roden having, with more zeal than discretion,
driven his own party to expose their weakness
by forcing Ministers to a division. The divi-
sion was 106 to 52, making a majority of 84
in favour of the Reform Bill. When the divi-
sion was declared no expression of applause or
triumph broke forth either from the supporters
of Ministers or from the strangers in the
gallery, or below -the bar. In fact, the bit-

terness of feeling, which had characterized
the proceedings of their Lordships on this
question from the first, operated upon the
good taste of the majority as a check to any
galling manifestation of triumph in the hour of
victory. The only appearance of exultation
was the advance of a few Lords to shake hands
with the Minister on the conclusion of his ardu-
ous labours. But, though all was decorum and
moderation within their Lordships' House, the
persons assembled in the passages and in the
neighbourhood did not feel themselves bound
to observe the same rule of etiquette, and they
gave free scope to their enthusiasm by cheers
anti other' demonstrations of joy. The cheers
were so loud as to create a strong sensation
amongst the Members of the House of Com-
mons, who were quietly proceeding with the
Scotch Reform Bill at the time. No sooner
did they hear the cheers than they understood
their import. There was a general rush to-
wards the doors, both by Members and
strangers; and in a short while the House 'was
comparatively empty. Still the news continued
to travel to afferent parts of the'town, and fre-
quent shouts, mixed with occasional discharges
of fire-arms, announced, 'in different quarters,
the glad tidings of accomplished freedom to an
anxious popttlation. The Bill has one stage
more to go through in the House of Commons,
but it is merely a. stage of form, before it can
receive the Royal Assent. That stage is the
consent of the Commons to the few amendments
which
_their
.Lordships have made in the Bill.
A question has been raised, in reference to this
part of the proceeding, as. to whether his Ma-
jesty will pronounce the Royal assent in person,
or whether . it. will be given by commission, as.in
ordinary cases. But this, according to the con-
fession of all parties, is not an ordinary case. In
tl►e :estimation of his Majesty, who originally
sanctioned and subsequently saved the measure,
it is. one of great magnitude and of• great public
good ; and therefore, if we had no other reason
than that which the estimate of probabilities
affords, we should conclude that every solemnity
would attend the final sanction of an Act which
will redound more to the glory of the present
reign than the most splendid victories which the
proud annals of this country can associate with
the existence of any former Government.
But, in addition to the probabilities and the
reason of the thing, we believe it to be the fact
that orders have been already issued, and that
preparations are actually in progress, to make
ready for his Majesty's appearance in person to
pronounce with his own lips his sanction to the
overthrow of corruption. We have alluded
