THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS.

We stated yesterday that from the reports contained in the
provincial papers, as well as from other Sources it was be-
lieved that the harvest had terminated in the south, but that
in the northern and leis favoured parts of the kingdom consi..
derable breadths of lanai still remain unreaped, and conse-
quently exposed to injury. In the Doncaster Gazette to-da
we see it stated, that nevertheless a large portion of the pro-
duce has been housed. The crops too in the higher grounds
in the neighbourhood of Doncaster, according to our Con-
temporary's report, have been secured " in fair condition; and
the attention and labour have been directed to the lower soils.
Here the process of ripening, retarded by the prevalence of
rain in the course of last week, has been slower than what
might have been expected. Riclab
t however, and the two
following days, were particularly fine;
with an unclouded sun,
which produced a very favourable effe lt upon
sufficiently ripe for the scythe or sickle' the crops not
and in so drying
those which had been already cut, that they c:nuld be securely
stacked. With regard to the produce of wheat;
the accounts
from the districts from which they have emanated,
are contra-
dictory. It may, however, be questioned whether Olere be a
full average. We confess that we incline to the °pinks% that
it is not a full average crop. But it is, as yet perhaps;. t 29
soon to form a correct opinion."
This morning (Thursday) the atmosphere was so foggy that':
the steam-vessels on the river found their way up and down
with very great difficulty. It was necessary to keep their bells
ringing to prevent collisions.—Glasgow Argus.
The glorious weather with whichwehave been blessed since
the 20th of August, has enabled the farmers, even in the
least favoured districts, to clear their fields, and very little
corn is now outstanding. From all the reports that continual'
to reach us, we are rejoiced to be able to state that, with the-
exception of wheat, which is considerably short in some
places, bat nearly equal to an average in others, the crops are
in the best condition, and yielding abundantly. In the exten-
sive agricultural co: ty of Tipperary, for instance, it is stated
that " the harvest is completely saved—that oats end pvtatoes
are most abundant, and that the wheat crop is a fair averslge."
From some parts of the North, however, the returns are 11.0
altogether so favourable.—Dublin Evening Post.

THE CHURCH and the CATTLE SHOW.

(From the Scottish Pilot.)
Nothing richer has occurred for a very long time. It
was almost as good as the Penal-hermit allusion of Dr.
M'Leod at the Peel Pavilion. it t the Highland cattle
dinner in Glasgow, where the Duke of S. utheriand presided,
on the list of toasts was The Church. The stewards were
either wags or Jesuits. The Church—tohet Churc.hr'
It was not even named as the Church by law etablished-
What could it be ? There are many churches in Glasgow
complete in themselves, if only a building, or if of nobler
mould, and constituted of a congregation of faithful metr.
It would require some evidence to prove that it meant the
Scotch Establishment—for that is only the Kirk ; b,esides,
the Church to which the Chairman and many of Mg
guests belong is episcopal, apostolic, and paranssunt. I:ier
Church, then, as a toast—how ludicrous--how out of piece
at a cattle show—how impious, as well as absurd and.
impolitic. The Chairman felt this, and therefore had.
given the toast without plaudits, or "hip, hip, hurrah."
He imagined he had left the cattle behind him—how
deceived and vain I The croupier (the Marquis of Tweed-
dale) professed not to have heard the toast ; but we trans-
far the report from the Glasgow paper.
" The CROUPIER intimated that he, as well as a numbft of
-
gentlemen around him, was afraid that their Noble Chairmen
had omitted an important toast, which was in the list, and
which should have been given at an early period in the even-
ing. The toast he alluded to was, The Church.' [The
Croupier had previously made allusion to the suppe.sed
omission.]
" The CHAIRMAN replied that he did not know to what his
Noble Friend formerly alluded; but he had now to say, the
toast referred to had been given in its proper place ; and the
reason why it bad not been accompanied with the usual cheers
was, not that the toast was unworthy of them, but the subject
being of so sacred a nature, he considered it should be treated
in a solemn manner. [The Croupier here explained that the
toast had not been heard at his end of the hall.] To the
Church, however, they were all much indebted ; and he would
be happy, to give the toast over again. (Enthusiastic cheers,
after which the band struck up, with appropriate effect, ' Old
Hundred.')
[Here there was a loud call from the Croupier's end of the Pavilion for Dr. M'Leod to return thanks. The Rev. Doc-
tor rose, but was received with hisses and groans, and so many
cries of " Down, down," that be resumed his seat, when the
calls upon him were repeated with more energy and noise than
before. The greatest confusion for a short time prevailed;
one ,part of the audience calling for Dr. M'Leod, and the,
other " No, no," mingled with hisses and groans. The con.
fusion was so great that at one time it threatened to destroy
entirely the harmony of the meeting.]
" The CHAIRMAN said he had observed Dr. M'Leod upon
his legs; and for that Rev. Gentleman he claimed a quiet
bearing. He had on one occasion of a similar nature had an
opportunity of hearing the Doctor, and he had listened to him
with the greatest pleasure and delight.—(Loud cbeers.)
"'The Rev. Dr. M'LEoD rose, and remarked, that the
toast which had been given had no reference to one Church
more than to another. He submitted that there must be
very, few here who did not profess to be members of some
; and he was sure no individual who -knew biro
would believe him capable of saying anything that could
give offence to any person dissenting from the Church of
Scotland. He returned his thanks for the manner in which
the toast had been received—not in the name of any
Church, but in the name pf their common Protestant reli-
gion ; and he hoped that no meeting of a similar kind would
ever be held in Scotland without the Church, or some
Church, being proposed as a toast.—(Cheers.) He was
a Member of the Church of Scotland, and a herdsman of
not the least important section of that Church—of her
Highland stock.—(Laughter.) They had had a pretty good
opportunity to-day of judging of the merits of that stock;
and , from the appearance they made he thought they were
fairly entitled to be beard this evening.—(A laugh.) It
was the object of the Church to improve her Highland
stock--to bring the old stock of the country to a state of
perfection; and he appealed to all present, whether the
Highland stock was not the only one that was not
imptoved by crossing the breed.--( Hear, hear, and laugh-
ter.) They bad certain characteristics of their own—
they had short necks, straight backs, and long snouts
( Loud laughter)—and constitutions adapted to the climate
and country where they arc reared. They were well content,
therefore, to keep them where they are ; for when they do
come here and cross the breed with the Lowlanders, it is
found to be productive of no greater improvement.—( Laugh-
ter. ) The Reverend Doctor expressed his regret that any-
thing had occurred to mar, by ever so Pule, the harmony of
the meeting. He returned them his thanks, as a Minister of
the Church of Scotland ; and although it was not for him to
say that the Highlanders are " the finest peasantry in the
world," yet he would say, that for what they are, they had
been mainly indebted to the Church of Scotland ; and he
hoped her salutary influence would be felt over the hills and
valleys of his native land, long after all the discussions of the
day have passed away and had been forgotten."—( Cheers. )
Never was. Clergyman, never was Churchman, placed
in more humiliating position than was Dr. M'Leod. He
was on his legs wishing to speak—obtruding himself, and
evidently determined to introduce the Church—the Kirk :
and read his speech—the herdsmans' speech—short-neck-
straight-back-and-long-snout-Dr. M'Leod's description of
his Churchmen ; but he says it does not answer to cross
the breed. What brings the Doctor to the Lowlands ?
or why did he introduce himself at the cattle show ?

The Italian Opera has commenced at the Odeon
this season in Paris. The house is splendidly fitted up. Grisi,
Rubini, Tamburini, and Lablache compose the strength of the
company. Otello was given on the opening night.

TIER LION AT ASTLEY'S.-The greatest tri-
umph Mr. Van Amburgh has hitherto achieved was
witnessed at the Royal Amphitheatre on Thursday morning
last, preparatory to Mr. Ducrow's benefit, which is
fixed for Monday evening next. The conqueror of the
brute creation, Mr. Van Arriburgh, at rehearsal, led forth
his majestic lion from his den, upon a large platform, provided
for the purpose of teaching some new tricks. Nothing could
equal the docility of the forest king, until finding himself com-
paratively at liberty, in the coarse of his other gambols, his
majesty suddenly took it into his royal head to skip from tho
platform down upon the stage. The actors and actresses, in
the most condescending manner made way for the new pro-
fessor of the histrionic art, while Mr. Van Amburgh, to pre-
vent the possibility of the new amateur (as is so frequently the
case with those gentlemen) " out-heroding Hett.d," or " tear-
ing a passion to tatters," resolutely retained his hold of the
massive chain attached to the lion's neck ; but finding his ut-
most stretch of muscle insufficient to restrain the ardour of the
new aspirant to theatrical fame, Van Amburgh sprang upon
the lion's back, and literally rode the majestic animal for seve-
ral yards. At length, a stron g rope being attached to the
chain, the lion was thereby prevailed on to relinquish his in-
tended morning visit to the stables, where one of Mr. Ducroves
horses might otherwise have furnished his desert majesty with
a breakfast, dinner, and dessert, rather more pleasing than
profitable. Mr. Van Amburgh then, without the slightest
difficulty, conducted his formidable pupil back into his d catogbet;
where he, by a series of most intelligent growls, se
relating to his fellow-captives the wonderful adventuresem he had
experienced.
ii,wAy.—We are
P.ENRITII AND CARLISLE
before the public,
now determined to bring this ig
pritieemeet with the approbation
happy to observe that our spirited netitifairbioyurs at Penrith have
and we can assure them that it
nfltuewnthiiaclhpewresopnusbilnishtheids
city. Many items in the ,
and support of a numerous
ririllc
t under-rated, particularly that of
We daily observe carts from Shap,
last week, are,
passengersdy
and coairkb
' thorp. aocfcoiun
&c., laden with that article,
Tempesowerby, h _
H Yraby ; and when we refer to the census
we
coal.lbelieve
from the station at
population conaidera y exceeding 30,000, must neces-
sarilyof that and the district around Penrith and along the proposed
line, a
we .Ave no doubt that
establish a depot by the Railway at b. supplied from hence, indeed v.
Pen-
Appleby,once establish
and all the southern, as well as the no]
Westmorelsod, will be glad to procure that articl
nothing of valuable merchandise and oth
tTliic say
lt such a mode of conveyancer:lust give thei
that the meting on the 9th will be numerously
such resolutions adopted as will secure a speed'
merit of the line.— Carlisle Journal,

#4lr th V. PM
is. ~...,.. .......,
)rthe us. :rt • i,.:4.%‘
le frf ,;7.1 4-, ''''o,•"'
ler . , •,g, .'; -:-:',21.•
In. kll : 2`.g\- \L‘.
y 111 1 • If
,
d • ........#. 3 /...
• . Y 4.,,r,
-- ---.. i_- 44/ •
- —c%

LONDON :
SATURDAY EVENING. OCTOBER 6, 1838.

In our columns of this day will be found several
very important communications, illustrative of the ope-
ration of the Abolition of Slavery in the West Indies,
furnished by that indefatigable friend of the coloured
race JOSEPH 'STURGE, to which we earnestly invite
the attention of the people of England. It is mani-
fest that a large body of the planters repent the facility
with which they yielded to the pressing entreaties
of the British emancipationists ; and that, unless they
are restrained by the coercive power of the Crown,
they will eventually kindle in the Colonies the
flames of a civil n I-. Rather than allow the free
negroes a fair remuneration for their labour, several
managers of plantations in Jamaica are, it appears.
determined to suffer them to go to ruin, in order to
revenge tll:rnselves by the starvation of the coloured
race. De:i-oniac freaks of this kind must be restrained
by the.~garm of the law, should they fail to be
csuili,.:;,.:ntly checked by self-interest, and the wholesome
influence of public opinion. Where it can be
done, we think there ought to be a complete
removal of the agents, overseers, and attorneys
who superintended the labour of the negroes when
in a state of slavery. The past career of such
individuals—the scenes of which they were wit-
nesses—the cruelties which they necessarily were
obliged to inflict—the callousness of their feelings—.
and the depravity of mind engendered by the tyranni-
cal superintendence of gangs of men and women, whom
they were wont to regard as mere beasts of burden,
mus' unfit them for directing the labours of freemen, and
especially of men over whom they so recently exercised
an absolute authority. The oppressed may forgive
and forget their wrongs, but the oppressors never can
pardon the innocent objects of their brutality. We
trust that such of the planters as are absentees will see
the necessity of acting without delay upon this sug-
gestion. To preserve their estates they can take
no step more effectual—none which will mani-
fest a stronger desire to conciliate the negroes
---than to replace the old slave-torturing race of
whites, by men whose moral principles have never
been perverted by an acquaintance with the horrors
of the lash, the tread-mill, and the slave-dungeon.
There possibly may be among the planters a few in-
dividuals foolish enough to imagine that, by driving
the negroes into a state of open insurrection, the Im-
perial Legislature may be brought to re-enact the laws
for the continuance of slavery. Now, if there be
an individual who so thinks, we beg to assure
him that he indulges one of the most preposte-
rous delusions that ever crossed the brain of a Bed-
}amite. The emancipated negroes are now on a
footing of political equality with the planters them-
selves ; and of the rights which they have acquired no
assembly in the world dare attempt to deprive them.
All they demand is a fair remuneration for their labour,
and that they are fully justified in insisting upon without
subjecting themselves to a charge of contumacious idle-
ness. Should, therefore, any disturbances unfortunately
take place in Jamaica, the planters will have to pay
the penalty of countenancing the proceedings of such
petty tyrants as Special Justice M'LEOD, and Tull-
NER, the late slave-driving attorney.

There seems to be a general conviction abroad that
the settlement of the long-pending dispute between the
SULTAN and the Viceroy of EGYPT is either at hand,
or that its adjustment must inevitably follow events
now in the progress of rapid development. We are,
therefore, not surprised to find the public Journals in
England, France, Germany, and the few Papers pub-
lished in the East, all expounding the views which
respectively they would persuade France and England
to take, upon an affair so momentous to the interests.
of Western Europe. While one party would persuade
us that .MEHEMET ALI is a subtle tyrant—the op-
pressor of Egypt, the tool of Russia, and a rebel in
arms against his lawful Sovereign ; another would
have us believe that he is a prodigy of benevolence,
patriotism, enlightenment, and far-seeing statesmanship.
While Mr. HOLROYD labours to convince us that
Egypt was never in a worse condition than it
is at the present moment—that its population are
everywhere, poor, ignorant, and oppressed, the abject
slaves of the Viceroy, whose will is law, and who is
himself a stranaer to the rudiments of enlightened ci-
vilization, HASSANAINE AL'BESUMEE, a native of
Egypt, residing as a student in this country, under-
takes to prove that MEHEMET ALL is a most zealous
Reformer, and that under the system which his High-
ness has established, and is now carrying on, Egypt
must eventually rise to the dignity of a powerful, in-
dependent, and enlightened nation. In all the main
points of this controversy we espouse the side of .the
advocates of Egyptian independence under its pre-
sent Ruler. To argue that Egypt is as barbarous
and ai governed nor. as it was ui*,er sway
the helameluke Beys is to betray a most lamentable
ignorance both of the past and present state of

the ancient monarchy ef the PHA ROANS. MEHEMET
ALI has done more to uproot religious and national
prejudices among his subjects—to give security to life
and property—to protect the persons of strangers tra-
velling, or temporarily residing, in his dominions—to
foster the growth of free institutions—to encourage
learning--to promote a knowledge of the arts, lan-
guages, and literature of other nations in the domi-
nions subject to him, during his short reign, disturbed
as it has been by " wars and rumours of wars," than
ever was accomplished by any Sovereign of England
since the days of ALFRED. Perfect freedom is not
the growth of a day, or even of a century, in any
country ; and therefore if evils be pointed out in the
administration of the Government of Egypt, let it be
remembered that England, which has been progressing
in civilization since the accession of WILLIAM of
Normandy, has still some distance to go before
she can challenge the w..nld to point out any absurdity
in her social institutions. Before us is a pamphlet
written in our own language, by a born subject of the
Pacha, sent here for the express purpose of attaining
with it a knowledge of our arts, literature, and civil
and social institutions and manners ; and we know

lat in France, Germany; and Italy, there are Egyp-

tian Neophytes no less intent upon making themselves
denizens of these countries, with a view to the ultimate
regeneration of their native land. HASsANAINE
ALT ESUMEE assures us, and we know the statement to
be strictly correct, that the Viceroy has planned a
system of female as well as of male education; and
is even in the course of subjecting to it the
female members of his own family. The teachers
are Englishwomen ; and, from an extract from a letter
from the principal, Miss HALLIDAY, dated March,
1838, we learn that the number of females of the Vice-
roy's family with whose instruction she was then
charged, exceeded a hundred. One of the Paella's
Ministers officially t‘aited upon this lady to acquaint
her with MEHEMET ALI'S intentions, and to express
to her his Highness's entire approbation of certain
specimens of needle-work executed by her female
pupils. The same Minister likewise addressed a letter
to Miss HALLIDAY on the subject of his visit, in
which we find the following just and enlightened ob-
servations :—" I congratulate you on the opportunity
offered you to extend the blessings of instruction to the
highe't families of this benighted country ; for it is
very probable that the exhmple of the Pacha's own
Harem, will be followed by the Court, and thus be
made to extend gradually throughout the whole
country. It is impossible to foresee the vast results
which must proceed from the introduction of education in
the family of the Prince." After making the lady an
offer of the " Ilolack Printing Press," and the ser-
vices of competent translators, for the publication, at
the Government's expense, of English, French, Ger-
man, and Italian works, into Turkish and Arabic,
the Minister thus concludes his observations upon fe-
male education :—" In instructing the mind and the
body in those innocent, useful, and varied occupations
which are the peculiar employment of females, we
enable them to escape those dangers and misfortunes
which are induced by the disorders of ignorance and
idleness. Habits of industry, cleanliness, order, and
economy, by increasing domestic happiness, will not
only tend to make us better beings, but will also secure
to our children that maternal education which is per-
haps the most important provision which can be made

for after life in this narrow world, and without
which no succeeding effort to obliterate the evil
impressions received in early youth, can be effectual."
As we stated above we lean to the side of those who are
for re-establishing the throne of Egypt, though, per-
fectly aware that, in this view of the question, we
stand opposed to the views at present entertained by
the Governments of France and England. That the
throne of the Osman is weakened by the nominal
dependence of Egypt, is a fact capable of being sus-
tained by arguments the most irrefragible. The Porte,
for upwards of a cntury, has ceased to derive any
advantage from Egypt, except the amount of tribute
paid into the Imperial Treasury, and the question-
able gain resulting from the appointment of Go-
vernors, who, knowing nothing of the state of the
country, and regardless of the sufferings of its
miserable inhabitants, plundered and oppressed
them without limitation and without mercy. Egypt,
in fact, was the normal school of Turkish tyranny in
the East. Its population were no better than slaves,

and so debased, that MEHEMET Am was compelled to
have recouse to a compulsory system of conscription in
order to force them to bear arms in their own defence.
Their improvement since that period has filled Europe
with astonishment; and we are persuaded that one of
the best steps that could be taken to restrain the ag-

gressions of Russia in the East, to consolidate the
real power and independence of the SULTAN, and to
facilitate the progress of civilization in India, would he
'l3 recognize the independent sovereignty of MEHEMET
ALI in Egypt. A 5 our view of this question is by no
means a general one, and not likely to meet with tho
countenance of the Cabinets of Western Europe, we
shall take an early opportunity of endeavouring to sub-
stantiate its accordance with the true principles of
European, and more especially of British policy.

do
vf
cTo
sh uf
from
odla
ihaadvrei d allof the bee
2n
7r
teh-
ceived, together with The Paris JouThals
a
ult. The contents of the French Journals Are very
unimportant. Oa the evening of the 26th the
Spanish 'War Minister convoked a meeting of
Officers of the National Guards of the capital,
at which he explained to them the reasons by which
the Ministry had been induced to sanction certain
changes in the army; after which he intreated them
to co-operate with her MAJESTY in maintaining the
peace of the city and its environs. A circumstance so
unprecedented has added considerably to the general
excitement, and so far has been productive of results
the very reverse of those contemplated by the Cabinet.
A Correspondent of the Temps calculates that the
Mexicans have already lost 18,000,000 francs by the
' blockade ; and that the European merchants in
Mexico have lost, exclusive of the loss of mercantile
houses in Europe, 11,600,000 francs.
that
thte toll
The Chamber of Commerce of Havre having requested
French (Pr:ge) be 75 centimes or to 37i centimes on
steamers,
coming from the English possessions, with-
out regard to the nature of their cargo, the President of
the Board of Customs has informed
the Director of the
Customs at Rouen, by a letter dated 28th September, that
the Minister of Pinar:cc having approved of the proposal,
he is to give orders for immediately carrying it into efrect
It is to be observed that the English
steam-boats are to.
enjoy the benefit of this regulation in all cases in which, ac-
cording to the Treaty of 26th January, 1826, they arc to
be treated on the same footing as French vessel L S.- C
_ C
oni-
merce.

BAYONNE, SEPT. 29.—Don Carlos was still at Balma-
seda on the 27th, with Maroto. On the 25th Maroto,
with two battalions, has undertaken a reconnaissance to-
wards Villa Nueva de Mena. Merino's infantry was gone
to Durango, to receive new clothing. Carreoa has taken
his prisoners to Luecano. The Cure of Dallo has sur-
prised, at the Baths of Aronedillo, forty-two wounded
Christino officers, who were there for the recovery of their
health.
The burning of Guevara was only partial, but seven
houses were destroyed by the flames. The Carlist General
Sopelana had hastened to the relief of Guevara, but Zur-
bano had already left it to return to Vittoria.—Private
Correspondence of the Constitutionnel.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS. °MIER 4,
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 109 f. 35c.
Three per Unts., 811 f. 90c,
P.o4k. Actkoms,

!,447f. sr.e.
Spaiiish Act'
Portupese Thre, per Cent., 22,
Haytian Lean, 370.
