TO THE VOTARIES OF BEAUTY.

HuDsoisps BOTANIC TOOTH POW-
DER. recommended by litany eminent Physicians,
is PREPARED of BALSA,AJIC VEGEL'ABLES of mild de-
tersive properties. It is entirely free of those corroding
acids which form the basis of, most Tooth Powders, and which
eventually prove so destructive; where the Teeth are loose
or the Enamel injured, it fastens theta in the one case, and
revives the Enamel in the other; it 'moves Tartar, cures
the Scurvy, and produces a bealthy'redness to the gums, a
pearly whiteness to the -Teeth, to the breath a balmy fra-
grance, and is an infallible preset vative against Decay, and
the Tooth Ache. .Price 2s 9d. _ _

Also HUDSON'S EMILE DIVINE (recommended by the
late Dr. Hunter), 'preserves mid b►autifies the Hair, and
where it has fallen off • from illness, perspiration, chanKe of
climate, or any causes, which deprive the Hair of nutrition,
and produce premature decay, by using the Huile Divine.. it
assimilates with, or supplies the place of the nutritive Fluid,
and the hair grows as formerly. See further elucidation and
I estiinony of its efficacy, in a Pamphlet entitled an Essay on
the Hair, enclosed round each Bottle. Price 3s. 6d., Ts, Gd,,
and One Guinea.

Sold by the Proprietors' Agent, Mr. ATKINSON, Per.
Curlier, Nth 44, Gerrard-street, Soho-square ; Messrs. (int.
tie and Pierce, 57, New Bond-street; Messrs. Howell ati,
James, Regent-street ;.Messrs. Bayley and Blew, Cockspur•
street ; Mr. Rigze. elleapside ; and by most Perfumers, Hair-
Dressers, and Medicine Venders in Tuwu and Country.

THE CONTINENTAL REVOLUTIONS.

A Dinner, attended- by about 300 persons, was
yesterday giVen at the Crown • and Anchor Ta
vern, for •tjtos purpose of celebrating the late
events in..Wliplektipain, and Portugal.
At hal4stat-45 o'clock 'Sir ROBERT :WILSON
(the Chairman), preceded ;by two gentlemen
bearing small busts (adorned with laurel) of the
Spanish General& Quiroga and itiego, and accom-
panied by Mr. llobhouse, the lion. Henry Grey
Bennet, Major Cartwright, Mr. Hume, Sir Ge-
rard Noel, and many other distinguished persons,
entered the room, and were most warmly greeted
by the assembly. Dinner was served ; and as
the cloth was removing Alderman Wood arrived,
and met with his accustomed reception. The first

Vast given was " The King ;" atter which "`Tie
Queen, with innocence for her shield, truth for
her spear, and the affection of the people for her

safeguard," was drank amid bursts of applause

which shook the apartment.
Sir ROBERT WILSON, from the chair, then ad-
dressed the meeting. He commented upon the
important changes which his hearers were. as-
sembled to commemorate. •lie deeply condemned
the course which -had been.taken by Russia and

by Austria, in refusing to acknowledge the new
constitutional governments; deprecated still more
deeply the conduct of the English Ministry, in
wavering as to the line which they ought to pur-
sue, and waiting, as it were, for the lead of fo-
reign Powers; and concluded by moving a reso-
lution and declaration in favour of the Patriots,
which were unanimously agreed to.
Major CARTWRIGHT, in proposing as a toast,
" The Spanish Cortes," briefly adverted to the
degraded state of England, as compared with
those nations which had so decidedly, yet so
peacefully, emancipated themselves from oppres-
sion.

A letter froth his Grace the Duke of Bedford
was then read by the Chairman, excusing his non-
attendance on the ground of ill health. A second
letter, to the same effect, from Sir Francis Bur-
dett, was also read.
Mr. BENNET, Mr. Hume, and Sir GERARD
NOEL, then successively gave their toasts, and
addressed the meeting.
Between the speeches a variety of patriotic
airs were played ; and a Spanish song, by Signor
Romaira, was loudly encored.
Mr. HOMIOUSES after a spirited and eloquent
address, proposed the health of " La Fayette,
and the champions of freedom in France."
Mr. Alderman WOOD professed,• with bread
good humon6 that he was no orator; but declared
that he was, notwithstanding, as warmly attached
to freedom as any man in the country. ' • and con-
cluded 'by proposing as a toast, " Old England."
The Rev. Mr. lIAyEs, on presenting himself to
the meeting, already wearied with discussion, was
received with some shew ofimpatience. Isis first
words, however, produceda sensation almost elec-
tricalupon his hearers.. " I arn," said Mr. Hayes;
an Irish Catholic Priest. I received my educa-
tion at ROme ; and have' been, from my infancy, a
sworn friend to liberty, and a determined foe to
oppression. In the year 1815, I was deputed
by the Catholics of Ireland to oppose at Rome
that• scheme of the British 'Government, which,
by obtaining for the Crown the appointment of
the Irish bishops, sought to render them, like
their brethren of the Established Church, the
subservient followers 'of 'power. Such an unlink'
bet Ween Church and State' is as an union between
Christ and Belial ; it is 41 union which converts
the prieSthood to priestcraft -; 'an union which
has tverbeen alike in Catholic and in Protestant
countries—the most powerful engine'of ;tyranny
-.7,--The. adamantine chain of slavery., The
State -draws the sword to protect the 'inte-
rests of its pensioned clergy ; the.. clergy
Übuse' their sacred influence 'to hold the
people in political bondage ; so matters proceed
under such an union, until, maddened by the
double tyranny, popular indignation explodes at
last, and the altar and the throne are whelmed
in utter destruction. - To preserve my country
from such horrors,'an:7 to preserve the purity of
our clergy, by keeping them dependent \upon the
opinion'of the people, I went to Rome; and,:
after 'a contest of two years, I baffled the intrigues
of the British 'Ministers and of ~.he borough4ttOn-
gering aristocracy,
,which existed among the
leaders of politics at Rome. I met my reward;
By the ministry of the cowardly, the treacher,
ous, lock-pieking Ompteda, and of that abject
slave of the Holy Alliance, Cardinal Consalvi, I
was imprisoned for two months.; and afterwards,
by a guard of soldiers, dragged beyon4 the fron-
tiers of the Roman territory. When Napoleon,
that colossus of power, who, were it fit that man-
kind should submit to a despot, was the only des-
pot worthy to be endured; when he, who, like the
genius of the storm, chained to a rock, with the
ocean for his, cage, and with monarchs for his
gaolers, now looks with stern composure, on the po-
litical convulsions whichagitate the world; when
he, at whose command nations gave way and
Kings resigned their sceptres—when he was to be
humbled, the trembling Sovereigns of Europe
cried for help to the people. • Their prayer was
/
granted. The people, in the language of Omni-
potence, said, " -Let Napoleon fall.;" and Napel,.
leon did' fall. How were the people reqnited ?
Ungrateful rulers broke their' promises, disap-
pointed the hopes which they had raised ; every
beneficial institution of Napoleon's they abo-
lished, every evil which' had stained his course
they added to the stale vices by which their own
conduct already was disgraced. Ungrateful to

. .
mankind, they Swore. at Vienna,;,-eb enstalre their
benefactors ; blasplieuter.: it-the face,of. Heaven,
they formed a foul conspiracy; Ontrary to each
precept of religion or morality, ana inipi6usty-
termed it their " Holy Alliance." Lucifer !
thou bast heretofore arrayed thyself-as an angel of
light; but 'I defy%-. even thee,' demon, .to match.
such infernal hypocrisy. 'lThe indignation of
Eur Ope was general, was universal.;:,a.nd.n er was
it more strongly or more simply expressed, than
in the words which I heard from an Italian peasant :
" Napoleon," he said, ec had his faults ; but un-
der-him the people had bread and justice ; now
they have neither." The iteverend.Gentieman
then, after a-variety -of observations upon the
recent events, declared that it -was his wish
his aim,- and his-hope, that Catholics and Pro-
testants might lay aside all ehrriity ; and that the
call of one class for Reform, and the other lOr
Emancipation, might be united into one common
—one general, irresistible demand. Such a union
appeared to him not only desirable, but feaSible;
the opposing parties had wanted hot an opportu-
nity to take each other by the hand; anti that
opportunity had arrived. An angel of peaCe had
called upon their to rally. together round her
throne. Within three days the Catholics of

. _
London were to assemble in the same room in
which he now addreSsed the Meeting for the
purpose of addressing the Queen. li. was the
first opportunity upon which they had come for-
ward with their Protestant brothers. It would
be, he trusted, the first step towards an union
between the classes, and that-union would be but a
prelude to an union still more general, more ex-
tensive, which he had to propose for the appro-
bation.of the Meeting. Here 'Mr.' Mayes read
from a printed paper the outlines of some
the nature of Which we were unable fully to col-
lect. He was interrupted by some persims at the
lower end of the room ; and, finding it impossi-
ble to command general attention, concluded
abruptly by proposing, .as a toast -7,...
4 4 May those who seek freedom: in.religion,
freedom of person, or freedom of the press, not
fail to discover. that, would they enjoy any of
these, they must first secure the whole, of which
these are parts---namely, full, fair, amid-free Re-
presentative Government."- •
Mr. THELWALL then .proposed the -.health of
their gallant Chairman, Sirsliobert which,
was received with enthusiasm, : 4., •

•
. Sir ROBERT WiLsos,returned thanks; and ttte
Assembly. broke up aboutelevcinVel'oiik.

SOUTH AMERICA.,

The following is the copy of a letter frOm
nairal.L.Outs gni oz 4, addressed to. DuNcits WIN.;
Tom, Esq. Merchant, Aux Cayes, fiayti. con;
tents are of some importance. But ,what will our
English • and fellow-liihourers iti the _cause of
South American 'Revolution say 'to the lano-tiacre
employed by BRION in speaking of „their ser,,
vices ? -
- • •
" DEAR R—Sirice my last, I hare'the'.Shtlifaftlon of stat-
ing
to you, that, we have been so sneers fiil as•tt:ri-duce the
, Spaniards to the walls of Carthagena and St. fllartlia;
taken the whole Spanish fleet in the river Niiigdaktia, amount-
ing to about 27 gnn-boats, ntost with 'l2, 10, flt",lZig 94'i;
also all the warlike skims an immehse park of tira4artillery,•
mortars, howitzers; and,battrring !rain complete.
'"The Army of .AntioqUialt.as joined us, also 2,500 men of
the Army of the North, in the province of St. Martha; 9,000
more men of this army are on their way (town, with4t he Pre-
sident llolitar, awl 1,000 more replays are to arii ,ee from
Antioquia this week, So thit'We sjsall have effeOive troops of
the line 4,000,.be5ide5.5,000 This pro Once rose to
arms on our entering it, to a•man. ,
" Our forc.e'itc the Magdalena is at pri;setit 42 vessels of
war, and OuricOmMitnication with the whole df the interior
open, and immense Stains of Loll are expectt'dco6.o.vni:as the
country is much in want of goods, wines, &c.
4., •
The port of Savanilla has been declared. open port to
trade, and a Cusiom-hOuse established., ' 7•

" It is a lino bat hour. welt protected II a.strong battery.
and a Wiwi is to be built inilnediately; it communicates by a
channel in the I,Vlagil.itena.
'" My good friend, how will tl)ese rillains, whn so shame-
fully betray.ed us, and behaved so cfmaidly,. foul:?. Part of
Dereretix's'-tronps bad arrived at the Orinoco, and, are ordered
for the Rio de la It appears that I). Was-uti his way
out with four thousand men.

" I assure you that they will not be received• We. The
inhabitants have Wien (with reatoo) such dislilte,toforeign
troops, that they prefer serving the Spaniards. .1 assure von,
for turpait, that 1 shall quit the seriice the moment I see
such an,111,1- set of banditti invade this sacred land.
" LS. I341101S."
" liead quarters, Baranquilla, July 80Si0." •

General 13..saileid from Liverpool with about 40 men.

SHOCKING 11.CornENr.r.--The- followink dread-
ful accident occtirred in the ground at .BrandOn-
burgh House' yesterday' afternoon,, just:at the
time when they were
,most. crowded.. A boy
about fourteen
,ye:rs of age; thesson' of a labourer
atHammersmith, having taken charge of a
tlernan's horse, moupted it, and rode gently .about
the field,.which 'was the Moment tironged with
carriages-=when the aniural-taking fright,at some
object, reared,.nnd threw the boy ; and:his foot,
'hanging in the stirrup, the horse becarne still
more frightened, and set of at full speed :town the
field dragging the poor lad after him, and drishing
his 'head and shoulders against the wheels of the
double line of carriages through Which, he passed.
The horse was stopped before, it reached the bat-
tons of the ;field, but the hoy was then quite.dead,
having (as was observed by .a medical gentleman
present) received sufficient injury to have. killed,
him, if he had had fifty
Numerous' instances are On recora where per-
sons,' in the, himobler walks of life, have„*.t-Irough
the ki.id offices' of a certain Lady, been raised to
wealth and power ; and it is not improbable, ,that
Thursday Next may 'produce, some 71CZO Titims.s
correb'oratiVe of the fact, as, op that day, DAME
FoRTr4NE (the Lady alluded• to) will distributi
her 'faVourS, with an indiscriminate
.hand, at
Cooper's Hall; lieghining with TWO of 10,0001.
in the First Five Minutes, and Continuing to
end forth nothing but Prizes all day long.
