cannot get all they want.—(Hisses.)=—There was
one point adverted to by a gentleman who made a
very able speech, that the landed interest had an
unfair monopoly. Can you More effectually get rid
of that monopoly, than by giving the franchise to
Birmingham and other great towns, who have the
same interest as yourselves ? I repeat that I have
from my earliest years, and when a Member for a
close borough, advocated a Reform in Parliament ;
and I am not likely to abandon it now that I am a
Member for the large influential City of Bristol. I
will not add more than merely tO say, theft my con-
stituents shall always f,tici me an advocate for peace,
retrenchmeAtt, and Reform.—(Cheers and hisses.)
Mr. VV. HALL—I cannot conceive why Mr.
who, having given a pledKe to support Par-
liamentary Reform, str,ota not also pledge himself
to support the vjte by ballot. As he is not suffi-
ciently explicit on that question, I think the petition
dbght not to be entrusted to his care. The ballot
having taken up more time of the Committee and of
this meeting than any other motion, I conceive it is
one of vital importance to Reform. Mr. Davis's
name was proposed with Mr. Baillie's, but omitted
in consequence of his speech against Reform. Un-
der these cirtumstances I think this meeting would
do well to pause before they trust their petition to
an untried friend. L ird Althorp's sentiments are
well known on the vote by ballot; he is also one of
his Majesty's Ministers. I have therefore to pro-
pose that his name be inserted in the place of Mr.
Baillie's.
Mr. J. WITHERS, jun. seconded this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN, in putting tire amendment, re-
mat ked that Mr. Baillie had avowed himself friendly
to vote by ballot ; and if a fearless--(Noise, and
cries of " Question.")
Mr. JOHN HARE, jun., and several other gentle-
men, attempted to address the meeting, but in vain.
Mr. WARING remarked across the bench to the
Chairman that he thought Mr. Baillie had been
treated mo.t uncandidly, and admired his not yield-
ing to dictation and clamour; yet he hoped he
would avow his opinions positively iafavour of the
ballot ; though, to give a pledge to his constituents
of what course he would take hereafter in the House,
should any measure of Reform be endangered, was
a different thing, and a fair subject of refusal.
Mr, MILLS—But Mr. Baillie has said he is not
opposed to ballot; what more can the meeting re-
quire ?
A show of hands, first for the amendment substi-
stuting Lord Althorp's name for Mr. Baillie's, and
next for the original motion, was then taken ; and
the Chairman said the coming on of night made it
impossible for him to discover the number of hands
held up, and he should therefore propose that the
meeting should go out at different doors, and their
numbers be counted.—(Cries of " Impossible," and
great clamour.)—Candles were then called for and
brought ; they were dispersed among the persons in
the body of the Hall, and both motions were again
put.

The CHAIRMAN—In the darkness which prevails
do feel it exceedingly difficult.—(Hisses, loud and
long.l--If I am co:npelled to decide in doubt and
obscurity, I say that the majority is in favour of the
amendment.--( Uproarious chewing.)—lt has been
suggested, however, that this question may be de-
cided —(Et is decided)—Let eery person, as he
comes to sign the petition, declare in writing whom
he wishes to present it.—(No, no.)— Well, If you
choose to adopt that decision, take it, in God's
name—it is your decision, and not mine
Mr. WARING wished the Chairman to say whether
to the best of his knowledge and belief the majority
was in favour of Lord Althorp or Mr. Baillie ? Yes
or no.—(Cheers.)
The CHAIRMAN said that he believed the majority
was in favour of Lord Althorp.—(Applause.)
Mr. SAMUEL WARING—I rise for the purpose of
returning thanks to the Learned Chairman, but, be-
fore moving such a vote, there is a part of the
Learned Gentleman's conduct in the chair which
requires explanation. I recollect, at the opening of
the meeting, a letter (of which I had no knowledge
until I entered the Hall) was read by the Learned
Chairman, from -Edward Protheroe, jun.—(Much
cheering, with some disapprobation)—expressing in
substance, "the deep interest he felt in our assem-
bling this day; that his heart was with us; and
that he denied himself the pleasure of personally at-
tending, solely because he feared his presence might
disturb the union which he was happy to see in the
requisition of the friends of freedom of both the
parties opposed to each other on a recent occasiori."
Now, gentlemen, as a citizen of Bristol, Mr. Pro-
theroe undoubtedly had a right to address that let-
ter; •and, as no one dares to call in question the in-
dependence or the honesty of Mr. Protheroe's senti-
ments, or his manliness in declaring, in any place, his
opinions in favour of complete Reform,and especially
of the vote by ballot, as the only means by which
we shall break the fetters of slavery at home or in
our colonies,—l consider, and lam sure we all cbti-
der, the course he has pursued most considerate
and praiseworthy.—(Loud cheers.) But what did
the learned Chairman say when he read the letter?
" The logic of it is not easy to understand !" I
therefore call on the learned Chairman distinctly to
avow or disavow his implying any imputation on the
character or conduct of Edward Protheroe, jun.,
in his exercise of a right to which he is so clearly
entitled.

The CHAIRMAN said, it was true he made the re-
mark, but in saying Mr. Protheroe was no logician,
he did not accuse him of any crime. Would it not
have been better for Mr. P. to have come, and joined
his exertions to those of all paiCes in this glorious
struggle for Reform, and not attempt to keep up
party distinctions, which had better be entirely.
dropped ?—(Applause arid disapprobation.)
When silence was partially obtained, Mr. MILLS
said it was too late to sign the petition to-night, but
that it would lie in the Hall for signature, and when
Mr. Hare had done speaking they might all go home.
—(Loud uproar.)
Mr. HARE--DO you mean that as personal against
me, Mr. Mills ?

Three cheers were then given for Mr. Protheroe.
Three were F !so proposed for Reform, and three for
the ballot; the latter were only partially given, the
first were tremendous.

The proceedings closed at six o'clock, having oc-
cupied just so many hours.

PORTSMOUTH, JAN. 26.-1 [is Majesty's
ship Ganges, 84, Capt. G. BURDETT, this morning re-
ceived orders to proceed immediately to Spithead, and
there wait further orders, not being quite ready for sea;
she is now preparing, and will be ready in three days at
the least. • The Wellesley, 74, Capt. C. ROWLEY, is also
expecting orders to the same effect. His Majesty's ship
Tweed is ordered into harbour to be paid off.

We understand that Government nave in con-
templation the appointment of a permanent Constabulary
force, as the least expensive mode of meeting the exigency
of the times,
.as well as that which is most congenial to
the feelings and habits of Englishmen. A gentleman,
who has travelled with the Special Commissions, and
who was employed, during the disturbances, to assist the
inhabitants of various towns in organizing their Special
Constables, has been at Brighton and Lewes this week, to
confer with the Magistrates upon the subject. This mea-
sure is a wise and sound one; but what course will the
demagogues who have, as well at Brighton as elsewhere,
manifested so violent a spirit of opposition against the
swearing-in of Special Constables, be now prepared to
take? Will they recant?—Brighton Gazette.

We could not but remark with what industry
a cernin divine in the vicinity of Lewes applied himself,
ntit to his holy calling, but to the pastimes of the. chase,
,the theatre, and the ballroom. On Tuesday morning,
the 18th instant, soon after ten, this ➢Minister of the cross
was well mounted for the field ; and, after enjoying the
" tally-ho" cry for some six hours, returned to his dinner
at five. From six till eleven his time was lounged away
at the theatre ; whence, we are told, he repaired to the
dance, and there spent the greatest portion of the night.
This is an application of time which men of all creeds
must admire, particularly from an individual who, in one
of his pious political rhapsodies in the_puipit, declared
that such ministers in this our day, wens, bk•evil and de-
signing men pereecilted for Cultures aalce.—Brioton
Guardian.
