LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.

DEAL, OCT. 18.—Wind W. S. W,, squally.—Arrived and
proceeded for the River the Georgiana, Sheridan, from Bom-
bay ; Rover, from Valencia ; St. Lawrence, from Odessa to
Hull • her Majesty's brig Zema, from India ; her Majesty's
ship naleigh, from Ditto. Sailed this morning the home-
ward-bound for the River. The outward-bound remain.
PORTSMOUTH, OCT. 18.—Wind W., fresh breezes, and
squally. —Arrived the Henry Kuseland, from New York.
Sailed the Westminster, Moore, for New York. Mem.—
The Numa transport has come into harbour from Spithead.
PLYMOUTH, OCT. 17.—Wind W.—Arrived the Wodan,
Bendixon, from Apeurade.
FALMOUTH, OCT. 17.—Wind W. to N. W., fresh gales
and squally.—Arrived the Naiad, Hayes, from Zante. Ar-
rived off port, the David Grant, Lawrence, from Odessa.
Sailed, the Penguin packet, for the Havannab, Belize, and
Mexico ; Pandora packet, for the West Indies.
LIVERPOOL, OCT. 18.—Arrived the Pink, Paynter, from
Paraiba; Spartan, Bowling, from Virginia; Warrior, Genoa,
Vesta, and Garrod, from Dantzic.

STANGATE CREEK, OCT. 17.—Arrived the Racehorfe,
Punchard, from Denia ; Wave, David, from Xahia.

DOVER, OCT. 18.—Arrived off port, the Sophia, Seek-
man, from New York ; Triton, from Oporto.
DARTMOUTII, OCT. 18.—Arrived off port, the Poland, Har-
rington, from Lisbon.
GLOSTER, OCT. 18.—Arrived the Albatross, Foster, from
Malaga.
WHITEHAVEN, OCT. 17.--Arrived the Thomas and William,
Reed, from Quebec. _ _

CLYDE, OCT. 16.—Arrived, the Isabella, Auld, from Pic-
tou ; Cecilia, Anderson, from Demerara ; Jane Haddon, Ha.
milton, from Bay Chaleur.
WATERFORD, OCT. 16.—Arrived, the John Bull, Block,
from Quebec.

DUBLIN, OCT. 16.—Arrived, the Duke of Cambridge
steamer), from London.

CORK, OCT. 16.—Arrived, the Commodore, Compton,
from Marianople ; Mantura, Weeks, from Malaga.
HULL, OCT. 17.—Arrived, the Eliza, Way, from Denia.
SClLLY.—Arrived off, the Comet, Christian, Valparaiso.
YARMOUTH, OCT. 17.—The Anna, M'Dougal, of New-
castle, for Ireland, got in contact with a Kirkaldy vessel in
the Roads, and was cut down to the water's edge in midship,
and has come into the harbour. The Content, off North
Shields, has come into the Roads with loss of fore-topmast,
having been in contact.
RAmscarit, OCT. 18.—Arrived the Jane Sherriff, Manser,
from Marseilles, with loss of anchor and chain, and windlass
damaged; Alexander, Self, with windlass broken and loss of
anchor and chain.

•
ItE.--11A ;1: 6C T. 18.—The Sir Edward, Thomas, bound
to Liverpool, was stranded outside the Pier, and has been
got off, and brought in—cargo discharged.

The Winscales, Walmslev, from Liverpool, put into Mont-
real, with damage, having been on shore.
The Usk, Prouse, from Torquay to Miramichi, was aban-
doned 28th ult., in lat. 44. long. 43., being water-legged—
crew and passengers saved.
The Favourite, Tucker, from Turk's Island, put into Nor-
folk, with considerable damage.
The Andre De Grave, from Liverpool to Ostend, is
totally wrecked near the latter port—only the crew saved.
The Susan Mary, Masters, from New York, put into Ber-
muda, much damaged, and with loss of spars, &c.—bound
to Barbadoes.
The Alderman Thompson, from Quebec to Hull, was on
shore on the 12th inst., near Thurso.
The Henry, from Shields to Thurso, is on shore on the
Rocks near Frasenberg, and expected to become a wreck—.
crew saved.
The Molly Moore, from Wexford to Quebec, was lost near
Cape Ray, 10th ult.—crew saved.
The Hermitage, French, from Glasgow, put in here with
loss of mainmast, &c.
The America, Stafford, bound to Liverpool, put back to
Baltimore, 21st ult., with damage and leaky.
The Juile Romols, from Trinidad da Cuba, put in here dis-
masted, bound to Genoa.

The Earl of Liverpool and Lady Louisa Jen-
kinson, who are making a Continental tour, will return
home before Christmas.
Lord Thomas and Lady Sophia Cecil have arrived
at Carlsbad, and intend to remain on the Continent till the
"ram"'")"°- the raT4t,i()nable sraFon is toArn. His Lord.
inias been it cc e d d in the command of the 10th Royal [lns-
ears, the Marquis of Londonderry's regiment, by Lieutenant-
Colonel Vandeleur.

THE. SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1838.

sworn to amount to upwards of 600, and they are busy
making cartridges to fit American mtiskets4 The organiza.
tion is secret, but it is wide-spread.
" Sir John Colborne has received despatches from Lord
Glenelg and Lord Hill, earnestly requesting him to remain
in the Canadas, as they cannot dispense with his services
without prejudice to the interests of the country."
EXTRACT OF A LETTER, DATED MONTREAL SEPT. 29.
" I do not pretend to be anything of a politician, but
any one must be blind not to see that one of the strongest
links that bound this country to Great Britain has been
burst asunder, and if Lord Durham persist in his deter-
mination to leave the country, it is impossible to say what
the result may be. I presume that there will be some
strong resolutions passed at the public meeting here to-
morrow, but though they may sooth his Lordships's wounded
feelings, they will, I fear, be productive of little good beyond
this. It cannot be denied that the Canadians are in
a more discontented state than they were even at this
time last year ; and an officer high in command told
me a few days ago, that it was well ascertained that
an attempt had been intended to surprise Isle au Noix,
with the view of making it the rallying point of all
the rebels, murderers, thieves, and vagabonds on the
continent. The fort • has been put into good condi.
tion ; has now plenty of guns mounted, with artillerymen to.
work them, and a garrison of picked chosen men from the
different regiments in this command ; there is, therefore,
little chance of their succeeding, let them try it when they
like. But it is pretty evident that we shall again be sub-
ject to a great deal of duty this winter ; and taking into view
the paralization of trade produced by the events of last
winter, the uneasy feeling amongst the people, the feeble-
ness and inefficiency of the Ministry at home, and the un-
settled state of our local administration, it must be admitted
that our prospects are very gloomy. We hope there
is no well-grounded apprehension of further aggresion in
the Upper Province from our neighbours during the
coming winter ; and though reports to the contrary reach
from various quarters, I think the real object of the
self-styled patriots and sympathisers is to keep us in a
state of alarm, with a view to increase the public expendi-
ture, and ultimately produce disgust at home as well as in
the colonies.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER DATED QUEBEC, SEPT. 29.
" The resolutions passed by your Colonial Association
meet our sentiments exactly, and meetings arc about being
held all over the provinces deprecating the interference of
the Imperial Parliament. Such has been most unfortunate
for the British party, as Lord Durham will positively leave
this fall, which must have the effect of retarding the settle-
ment of our difficulties ; and whatever difficulties may
exist as to what that settlement should be, all must agree
in deprecating delay."

EXTRACT OF A LETTER DATED BROCKVILLE, UPPER
CANADA, SEPT. 29, 1838.
" You will learn by this conveyance that from the in-
terference of the Imperial Parliament with some of the
acts of Lord Durham, his Lordship intends leaving us
soon. This is much to be regretted, and has thrown a
gloom over the whole country. The lower province is far
from being in a settled state, and should there be another

outbreak there it is hard to say what the effect might be
in this province."

EXTRACT OP A LETTER DATED TORONTO, SEPT. 28, 1838.
" The news which reached us yesterday, of Lord Dur-
ham having resigned his government of British North
America, has cast a gloom over every one in this quarter.
All well-disposed persons seem to think it the greatest
calamity that could have happened to us. There was a
numerous and highly respectable meeting held here two
days ago, for the purpose of voting an address to his
Excellency, praying him to remain as the Governor of the
country, which I have no doubt would hare been followed
up by similar meetings all over this Province, but which
would be of no use now."
Lord Brougham has been burned in effigy at Quebec.
M

ONEY AND CITY NEWS.

(FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.)
TIMES.—The transactions in the funds to-day (Thurs-
day) were on a larger scale than for some time past, but
the tendency of prices was downwards. The more wary
speculators attach deep interest to the state of affairs in the
East Indies and Cakada, which are known also to excite
great anxiety among those most extensively connected with
those countries. Consols declined to 93i to for Money,
and for Account were 931 buyers. India Stock receded to
061 to 2 ; Bank Stock was 2031 to 4f. A considerable
tofi 6illt3os. took place
ce
premium.in Exchequer Bills, which left off only 61s.

CHRONICLE.—The intelligence received this ( Thurs-
day) morning from Canada of the resignation of Lord Dur-
ham occasioned considerable gloom in the English Stock-
market, and the price of Consols immediately underwent a
marked depression, but they rallied a little afterwards, as
the private letters most to be relied upon held out a strong
expectation of his being persuaded to remain in his present
position.

No effect was produced upon the value of Dutch Stocks
by the receipt of the speech of the King of Holland on
opening the States General, nor has any importance been
attached to it in the city, our own political affairs absorbing
the whole attention.

POST.—The announcement of the resignation of Lord
Durham, which arrived by the Great Western steamer to-
day (Thursday) has created a great deal of excitement
amongst all parties here ; and on the first promulgation of
this fact, which must have seriously alarmed the impotents
of Downing-street, it occasioned so much apprehension in
the public mind, as well as the commercial interests con-
nected with the Canadas, that it caused a considerable de-
cline in Consols.
rates
com-
merce of
chg
The commercial advices from the United States by this
arrival are deemed highly favourable. The Money Market
of the United States, and New York in particular, appears
to have been in a healthy position at the period of the sail-
ing of this vessel, and no difficulty had occurred in any in-
stance where specie payments h
'ad been resumed. It seems
also, from Mr. Levy Woodburys TreasuryvesCtier inrc ruilt the Eotxs
on England advanced on good bills to 10 to i per cent.,
Circular, a
, that
the action
nh
of
the
country and the general community had been
Treasury note system upon the
sailingcountry
the
e.Ct
transactions
otnent, and the
Gay previous .Continent, more favourable than was anticipated.
1 an There e s
both o
tohadot n been
til
thei s
of the G,a
and on Havre to sf. 171 c. This circumstance, and the
advances which had taken place on the sailing of the
packets to Europe for the week or two previous, had
created a demand for bullion, which was chosen as a cheaper
medium of remittance, and in consequence a considerable
amount of bullion has been brought by the Great IVestern
to this country, and the sum of about 146,000 dollars have
also been.remitted to France by the Charles Carroll, be-
sides some former exportations.

hereil etrhaald
HERALD.—The intelligencehp ofthewersesignation of
Lord Durham, as broughdt by.
.t Great tern steamer,
mofortelieseMnsaZin6'
this day (Thursday),
_ time past,
second
creatededt lon
somewhat anticipated
; at the first it
although it has been.
n
in the funds to the
any political event which has occurred for some
caused a sudden decline extent of full .?.;
and detailed in thech
per cent. It will, however, be seen that the money market
afterwards rallied.
Very few of the private letters from eitherh. Montreal or
•
Quebec do more than notice the fact of Lordship's re-
signation, in consequence of the shortness of time for writ-
ing, ; but sufficient is stated in them to show that this event
has created a very great sensation in both the Canadian
provinces, and fears were entertained that it would much
increase the confidence of the anti-British p irty in the
Colonies. There is, however, a very strong impression
amongst well-informed parties here that his Lordship, not-
withstanding all that has passed, will retain his high
office, as it is confidently asserted that the despatches
which were taken out by the Great Western, and which
are referred to in an extract of a letter from New York
.below, were accompanied by an autograph from her Ma-
jesty, requesting him to continue to administer the affairs
of the Canadas, to which, doubtless, the Queen has been
urged by her affrighted Ministers. Meetings were about
to be held in almost every town in both provinces to ad-
dress his Lordship on his intended departure, and to re-
quest him to continue in office. A very few days will,
however, bring Lord Durham's final determination, and
either relieve Ministers of their dreadful suspense, or
place them more firmly on the horns of a dilemma.
The commercial advices from the United States continue
to be very farourable, and in most instances the banking
operations of the United States continue to wear a healthy
appearance, particularly where specie payments had been
revived.
By a circular from the Secretary of the Treasury, it ap-
pears that the whole amount of Treasury notes authorised
1837, had been issued—
namely, 10,000, 7
000 of dollars, of which there had been re-
deemed about
,511,850 dollars. The new issues in place
of those redeemed under the act of May 12th, 1838, have
been 5,709,810 dollars, of which there had been returned to
the treasury 101,500,000 dollars, leaving a balance out-
standing of about 8,096,460 dollars. There had been
some considerable transactions in the exchanges, both on
England and Prance, a day or two previous to the sailing of
the packet, which had caused the premium on good bills to
advance to 10k, and therefore had rendered it cheaper to
remit bullion to Europe than bills, and sovereigns were
bought in preference at from 4 dollars 85c. a 4 dollars 90c.
On France the exchange is quoted at sf. ; Holland
40} to 41 ; Hamburg 36 ; and Bremen 80 cents. The
Great Western has bl ought home a considerable amount of
g au,', ; ,m,l th, Charles Carroll, for Havre, had on
board bullion to the amount of 145,692 dollars, besides some
previous shipments for that port.

THE WEST INDIES.

VaLstotifti, Ocr. 16:---41er Majesty's packet, Ranger,
.Lieutenant Turner, arrived early this morning from the
West Indies; having left St. Thomas's on the I7th ult. with
mails. The news she brings is highly satisfactory, as
regards the return of the negroes to euiployment, for, with
the exception of one or two of the small islands, it was ge-
neral. The next advices, it is anticipated, will convey the
information that a proper understanding existed throughout.
His Excellency Sir Lionel Smith visited Dunsinane, ac-
companied by the Hon. Joseph Gordon and Captain
Darling, where the assembled multitudes greeted them with
respect. His Excellency was likewise met there by
the Lord Bishop, several clergymen, special justices,
respectable planters, proprietors, and attorneys. Sir
Lionel then addressed the multitude, first, however,
directing himself to the last-mentioned :—He said,
that from the experience he had had in other parishes,
which he had visited, and from the information he had
received, he believed that the same hone of contention ex-
isted there as elsewhere. Ho believed that it was everywhere
alike the source of discontent, that the planters had served
the late apprentices with notices to quit their houses and
grounds. "I do not (said Sir Lionel) question your right I
to do so; or ite legality, but I do question the prudence of
such a step. The immense change from slavery to uncon-
ditional freedom surely deserves some consideration. All
cannot be expected to be immediately quiet and calm.
Depend on it yoU will be able to do nothing by force :
much may be done by conciliation. Do away with every
emblem of slavery ; throw off the Kilmarnock cap, and
adopt in its stead, like rational men, the Briton's cap of
liberty." He (Sir Lionel) never had any doubt of the
planter's right to rent the houses and grounds, but to make
the assurance doubly sure, lie had the opinion of her Ma.
jesty's Attorney-General ; but the exercise of that right by
the planter, and his being benefitted thereby, and getting
the people to work, were very different matters. It can-
not be expected but that much difficulty will be expe-
rienced in getting rid of slavery—even in the little island
of Antigua it had taken six months to get matters into a
quiet state ; but here, in Jamaica, you expect it to be done
in a day, and, because it is not so, yriu have become my
enemies. You are all in arms against me (exclaimed Sir
Lionel with much vehemence.) If you have issued notices
to quit, with a view to compel people to work, or force
them to work for a certain rate of Wl:tges, you have done
wrong. Coercive measures will never succeed. In Yore
and some of the other parishes I have been in they have
agreed to give the people Is. Bd. per diem, and let them
have their houses and grounds for three months gratui-
tously. [Some marks of dissent being here expressed, his
Excellency said]—Well, if you cannot afford to pay them
so much, pay them what you can afford ; use conciliatory
measures, and I have no doubt the people will resume
labour ; and that, as he saw so many planters present, he
should be happy, if they had come to any arrangement
amongst themselves, to be informed of it."
A long discussipn then ensued, when the topic of the
unnatural interference of a special justice in advising the
labourers not to work but on certain exorbitant wages
was canvassed, which was replied to with considerable
warmth by Sir Lionel, in the following language :—" You
are anxious to produce a panic to reduce the value of pro-
perty at home—to create dismay in order that you may
speculate, by reducing the present value of estates ; but
you will be disappointed, 'notwithstanding all your efforts—
notwithstanding 'that a press daily sends forth its abuse
against me, and blackguard contemptible remarks against
my acts."

A desultory conversation ensued, when S. J. Dallas,
Esq., said it was intended by the legislature that rent
should be paid. That he thought that Is. Bd. per day
should be offered to the people to work five days in the
week, returning one day's labour forthe houses and grounds.
The Governor then addressed the labourers in a speech
which drew forth a ()Teat deal of applause from his sable
hearers. He concluded thus—" Now do you understand
me, some of the gentlemen here are willing to give (the
able men I mean) Is. Bd. per day for five days, and you
give them back Is. Bcl. for rent. Are you satisfied
.(g No, no,' from thousands.) Then (said his Excellency)
you must make your own bargain ; I am very sorry, but
can do no more. Now, my friends, I must leave you. I
am no judge whether the wages offered you are sufficient
or not, but I can tell you that in Manchester the people
are working at a much less nate. I am very sorry to find
things thus, but you know your own ; if, however,
you will not work yourselves, take care you do not pre-
vent others from working. If I hear of any one in-
timidating you to prevent you from working, they
will be punished—let me hear of no such conduct." His
Excellency then returned to Kingston. Great order pre-
vailed throughout the day, and the immense assemblage
quietly separated.

(From the Morning Journal of Sept. 10.)
We published a few days since in account of his Excel-
lency the Governor's visit to Vere, Clarendon, and Man-
chester, as furnished by a respected Correspondent. It
appears, as our readers must have observed, that his Ex-
cellency succeded in inducing the proprietors and others in
charge of properties to abandon the claim for rent of
houses and grounds, and to pay at the rate of Is. Bd. per
day for an able labourer. • It must also have been ob-
served, that, with the exception of a few in the first-named
parish, the labourers all expressed themselves highly satis-
fied with the terms which, through the intervention of the
Executive, the masters have consented fora limited period
to pay ; and well they might. Eight shillings and fourpence
per week, for five days,with the addition of houses andgrounds,
is what few, very few, if any properties can afford, and
nothing but the desire to comply with the wishes of the Exe-
cutive, and to induce the peasantry to resume labour, could
possibly have induced the parties to agree, even for a limi-
ted period, to pay that rate of hire. But it is not enough
that the labouring population, with cheers and every de-
monstration of joy, agree to work at the rates mentioned ;
they must actually resume work, and readily and cheerfully
perform it at the rate agreed upon. This we are most happy
to find has been done in part, and we trust shortly will be
generally done. Could the peasantry in some of the other
parishes be induced to recommence the cultivation of the
properties on the same terms, many of the proprietors
would be most happy. We sincerely hope they may be.
For their own sakes, as well as on account of the owners of
the soil, we trust they will shortly, in every parish in the
island, shame their enemies, and cheer their friends, by
working in the manner in which free men can and ought to
work, and at such wages as will remunerate them, and
leave the master a fair and reasonable profit for his outlay
of capital in the purchase of the property and payment of
the annual contingencies.
