all;IR1T Tllll TIMM SOUTINAT:S.

As the affairs of hence proceed, we certainly
obtain more and more confidence in their issuing in
a happy and permanent result. We see nothing
yet to blame, and much to praise and even admire,
la whatever has taken place. The articles of the
etil Charter, which it was determined to alter or
modify, were discussed with great temper and judg-
ment in the Chamber of Deputies, and in general
the recommendations of the Committee which had
been appointed to take them into previous consi-
deration were adopted. Article 0 of the old Char-
ter, which declares the Roman Catholic religion to
be that of the state, is omitted; but the Ministers of
ell Christian forms of worship are to be supported
by the public treasury. The initiative of laws,
which before rested with the King, may now spring
from anyof the three bodies—the King, the Peers,
or the Deputies, with the exception of the money-
bills, which are to originate with the Deputies.
The Parliaments are to be of. five years' duration ;
30 instead of 40 is the age at which persons may be
elected into the Legislative Body; and at 25, a
man in other respects qualified is entitled to the
exercise of his elective franchise. These are the
'hie changes in the body of the Charter, but in tlie
preamble of the new one it is declared that all
power springs from the people. It is known
that strong debates arose upon this vital topic
*Own the two Houses of Parliament at the English
revolution, and conferences took place, in which Mr.
(afterwards Lord) Somers was the chief speaker on
the part of the Commons. The Lords succumbed,
and the principle, which is founded in human na-
ture and common sense, was established by law,
end made the basis of the British Constitution. In
the French Chamber there is no debate upon the
aprineiple itself, but simply upon the means which
bid been taken to avow and secure it. The Con-
stitution thus modified, IS accepted by the Duke of
Mears, to whom it is offered. (We have already
described the ceremony.) We have only to add
our sincere wish " eslo perpetua ;" for as rational
freedom is possessed and enjoyed by France, so
will it be communicated and insured to other na-
tions. We hope (arid have little doubt) that an
Ambassador of highly respectable character, calcu-
listed by his previous respect for England to cement
the friendship which now so happily subsists be-
tween the two nations, will be sent to this country.
Marshals Mortier and Macdonuld have been men-
tioned. Either of them would be received with
great respect : so would aldifint. We are glad to
see these three Marehals prominently supporting the
sew King. They are men whom any nation would
esteem—Times.
The debate in the Chamber of Deputies on that
part of the French Charter which relates to religion,
and which is slightly alluded to in the preceding
article, hee not been so well reported as its import.
*nee seems to require. From the Paris Papers
which contain the most detailed accounts of what
passed, it appears that after the Chamber adopted
the sth article, which is thus expressed,..-" Every
individual professes his religion with equal liberty,
and obtains the same protection for his worship,"—
the President stated that the Committee had pro-
posed the suppression of the Gth article. The words
of this articlecre,—" However, the Catholic Apos-
toile and Roman religion is the religion of the
State." The proposition of the Committee, with
regard tretwe article,, appears to have been agreed
to without much. debate, though it is stated that
when, the question was put, about 30 Deputies who
composed , the whole of the right and part of the
ware right voted against; it. Article 7,which created
a warts discussion, the Committee proposed to ex-
press
thus seem" The Ministers of the Catholic Apc-
etolie end Roman religion, prrfessed by the air jo..rity of Frenchmen, and those of the other Chile-
dau soots only receive salaries from the Royal Tree-
wow." The whole of this article was opposed, but
the words In Birks Wire particularly objected to.
It Wet -obleividthat 'there.was no necessity for pro.
amino% Whind/ that the Catholic religion is pro.
hind by the majority of the people of France. To
derides in the Charter, a fact—and a fact, too, which
is in its nature variable, which might, in a certain
soMberef years, be altered—was, in the opinion of
several of the speakers, extremely absurd. The
justice of this opinion was not disputed, but it was
contended, that the whole article ought to be re•
bitted, en the grimed merely of expediency, be-
cause there wee rewire) to believe that its rejection
would enable the enemies of the new order of things
to miaow] the ignorant population of some of the
departments,-..the Chamber would be represented
as intending to suppress religion altogether. M.
Koury stated, that in fact the committee had been
Wormed by this consideretion in making their re-
port. They, felt it their duty to expunge the are
title which declared' the Chtholic, religion the reli-
gion of the State ; but having done that, it was
sonsidered neceitury to retain the next article. lie
was convinced it ought to be retained on account of
the western departments, where the Chamber had
many townie., who would like nothing better than
to have the opportunity of representing the Depu-
ties as hostile to morality and religion. After seve-
ral amendments had been proposed arid rejected, the
discussion terminated by the article being retained
with two amendments. The word only was left
out, and the words Royal Treasury were changed
to Public Treasury.—limes.
The paramount interest and importance of the
triumphant progress of freedom in France has, in
some messure, diverted public attention from scenes
at home, which otherwise could not have failed to
arrest it. But we must not suffer ourselves to lose
sight of the elating prospect, which so many of the
late Elections have opened to the friends of liberty in
this country, and in our Colonies. The return of
Mr. Brougham for the first county its the empire, is
in itself a guarantee for the moral influence which
will be given in the' stew Parliament to the cause of
general liberty, and eminently and avowedly to that
of Negro Emencipation. The success of Mr.
:Robert °rent at Norwich, And of numerous other
liberal candidates elsewhere, is a further earnest of
that triumph which freedoms and humanity must ere
long wrest froM selfielmese, bigotry, arid tyranny.
Is one Tartar, only can the Anti-Abolitionists pre-
tandto a seeming and short-lived victory. Mr.
Protherote Iris been defeated at 'Weird. But how
delisted? In that emporium of the West Indian
Interest, after art outlay indirect peecodery means of
influence, not filling short, as we are credibly in-
formed, of 20,000 L—alter recourse, on the part of
the great merchants, to au almost universal system
of coercion and intimidation, wherever their power
of patronage and dictation could make itself felt—
a men majority only has been obtained against the
canse of humanity, and Mr. Prothcroe has retired
from a victorious defeat, after polling 2,843 votes---
a number never before approached at Bristol by
an unsuccessful candidate. We moot but regard
this as an omen of final success, scarcely less anis
smiting than minor victories. Our only regret is,
that a goldenl) who, whilst he was in Parliament,
AO nruleviatingly pursued time course of liberal
whose nisdie is found in nearly every mi-
nority with that of Mr. Hume and time other udvos
4144_0( freisaitio, retrenchment, and reform, should,
tvett ter. a time, be excluded by a fuetioo, whom:
°4lr argument is their purse, from continuing his
useful and meritorious lulemrs.--ilfarning
The meeting yesterday of the parish of Maryle-
boue f,t4atiasitraogleire.ctily it is nrce.ssary to say that
this
100,(6)ilaigtitgii!tte popshrtion of upwards of
into
sett
tik en bsti
irelf4l4 hie
proof of the deep
Den
in the lutysr .1-1* great body
of the English
imt one feeling....tru,('t,44l4ls Vralwe° Taimere
is
great battle of the rational ": have
it ey f,ou-ht
flooredcon-
the Messina of gooit
themselves only, but toe ell arittiot-,;:u7;el:l:'nuL "".
reflecting have been led to italotry, by mostl man'
ease with which a great netton shook uteitm-)Arellit
oppressors, and vindicated the meiority ortehri
peopir. The French have commullicated to rice
people of every country the consciousness of their
pwrt orengthse.thet they who wish good 00,,,m,

meat may always obtain it, Of the largo morn.
blage of citizens in the rooms of Messrs, Marks,
there was not one man who did not join heart And
soul in the sentiments expressed by the different
speakers. Mr. flume commenced by obserVing,
that "the Revolution which bad just taken place
was not only important in itself—was not only
fraught with consequences of the highest moment
to hnglisbmen, and men of all countries, but it' en-
joyed the proud distinction of being a Revolution,
carried on to iti completion—he hoped he might
say without any extensive destruction of either
life or properly. Thus would many of those ;ob.
jettions to change be removed which were founded
on the supposed danger of revolutionary move-
ments. Here nits an example, attended with

re best results, and marked bar a modem-,

tion and forbearance that must lull the fears of
the most timid." There is another point of view in
which we view the late proceedings in Paris as of
immense importance. it is impossible not to be
struck with the anxiety of every man embarked in
the great cause, to abstain f►om all unnecessary vio-
knee, to shed as little blood as possible ; in short,
to avoid whatever partook of a vindictive or san-
guinary character. Now this proves that san-
guinary conduct is everywhere unpopular, and that
whoever wishes popularity must above all things
strive to regulate his conduct by the dictates of
humanity. Such are the fruits of increasing know-
ledge and increasing civilization, The same prin-
ciple which everywhere leads Judges and Juror; to
shr►nk from sanguinary punishments, leads the people
in their movements to sheathe the sword the mo-
ment victory has declared for them. We all know
of what prejudice it was to the cause of the Greeks
in this country, that, in imitation of their cruel
taskmasters,

When the rage of battle ceased,
The victor's soul was not appeased ;
The naked and forlorn Must feel
Devouring flames, and murdering steel."
In vain was it urged, that it was because tyranny
debased men, and rendered them cruel and san-
guinary, that we owght to remove the cause which
produced such disastrous effects in the case of the
Greeks ; that, under a protecting Government, the
milder virtues would take root ; the sympathy with
the Greeks was greatly paralysed by the accounts
of their cruelty. We thus see that the conquests of
civilization are permanent, and that the good seed
which is sown among the nations is never thrown
away. The First French Revolution excited alarm
among many virtuous men, from the enormities
which followed in its train ; the late Revolution
gives, on the other hand, to the nations a con•
Hence in the ascendancy of virtue—popular
movements had become synonimous with outrage;
they will now be associated with whatever is
most elevated and honourable to our species. Let us
hope that the number of those who share the sen-
timents of the Clergy alluded to yesterday by
Colonel Jones, is but small. "He hoped," he +laid,
" that his fellow-countrymen would not be deterred
from expressing their sentiments and holding public
meetings for that purpose, by any of that sort of
hiflueoce which he feared would, in some quarters,
be set on foot for the suppression of public senti-
ment, for there were so many, and those so active
and persevering, who had an interest in the main-
tenance of the corrupt system, which disgraced, and,
if allowed to continue, would ruin this country, that
he feared means would be resorted to for the pur-
pose of concealing, or, at least, neutralising the spi-
rit which he believed to pervade the bosoms of
Englishmen from one end of the kingdom to the other.
'l'hnugh he should rather have avoided the subjec►,
he found it impossible to speak of the recent events
in France without expressing his deep abhorrence
and contempt of the wretch who had said ' Let
blond flow,' but who himself had fled from the
eight of it when it did flow. Ile had recently
encountered a country clergyman, who in his own
way, made some very shrewd observations upon the
late Revolution, Ile seemed to regret that not
more blood had been spilt—it was for him too

harmless a Revolution—it was too tempting—it
would give too much strength to Mr. flume, who
had already spoken of the church." They who
from selfish views regret that mere blood has riot
been spilt, as bloodshed would ind►spose the mild
and humane from attempting extensive reforms,
will, we trust, be disappointed. The French will
not allow themselves to be hurried by the warmth
of temperament into excesses—they are a clever as
well us brave people ; they have paid too much
for their ignorance of the truth► with which all
were impressed on the late memorable occasion.
It cannot be too often repeated, that the French
have conquered for all the nations. Colonel
Jones supposes that the higher reeks of this
country would discourage the expression of the
sentiments which pervade the people. We are
unwilling to believe that they can he so weak
and so foolish as to suppose that a movement

like the present can be iipressed, or that any ap-
treasure on their part of want of sympathy with the
general feeling will not accelerate the consequences
which they wish to prevent. It never can be the
interest of the great to allow the people to perceive
that there is a marked line of separation between
them and the people; that there is a class whose
importance depends on keeping down the people—.
that there is an order, who seek to establish their
own greatness on the weakness of their fellow-citi-
zens. But we have hitherto seen no decided want
of sympathy with the general feeling among the
higher classes. At all the Elections, even the Tory
trakers have applauded the brave resistance of the
Prowl), and joined in the general congratulation on
their prospect of obtaining the blessings of good
government. We have not, indeed, heard that the

Bishop of London intends to publish a Charge or a
Pamphlet on the subject, but we expect, when Par-
liament meets, to hear the Archbishop and Bishops
dilating on the blow which Popery has received by
being separated from the State in the greatest of
the nations of the Continent. We expect to hear
the Clergy generally as eloquent on the downfall of
the Jesuits in a great country as they were in the
expressions of their upprefiensions from the Jesuit.
twelve mouths ego. Those men who derive conse-
quence from the possession of power irreconcilable
with good government, may melte up their minds to
theloss of that power ere long. The late election has
proved to all who are not quite blind that the cor-
rupt system is giving way. Before the late glorious
events in Paris had served to exhibit more strik-
ingly the political degradation of the great body of
our countrymen, the bonds were in many places
giving way. The Squires have in ninny places been
routed, and evi) when successful, they have had
little to boast of, in Yorkshire they merely dis-
played their malice towards Mr. Brougham—they
could not injure hint. The example of Franco will
lead good men in this country to combine, ill order
to secure the triumph of the cause of the people.
See what the Anti.slavery Society hue been able to
do by combination. We conclude with repeating
the word. of Mr. Savuge ut the meeting—who
" trusted that the example of Prance would have a
salutary effect on all the world, and that when Parlia-
ment, met again, Mr. Hume, who had often been
would find ninny supporters; and that if they
made no efforts to ameliorate our condition, nor to
amend the representation, we shoold break our
chaios."— 'Writing Chronicle.
