but if the people fairly determine that the landowners shall
not be allowed to sacrifice the best interests of the country
for their selfish cupidity, the landowners must give way.
If the people would only cease to weste their energies on
Universal Suffrage, which cannot be carried against the
sentiments of the great body of the possessors of property,
and apply themselves to a practical question, like the re-
peal of the Corn-laws—a questiori respecting which there
can be no difference of opinion among all who do not profit
by the abuse—we might the sooner hope to see an end
to this abomination. The landowners cannot be more
effectually served than they are by this ill-timed agitation
for Universal Suffrage.—Morning Chronicle.
Unfounded accusation and abuse being the favourite
weapons which those associated with a bad cause are ever
accustomed to employ against their opponents, the slanders
levelled by certain parties against the working classes need
not cause surprise, however much it must excite indigna-
tion and disgust. No more conclusive refutation, how-
ever, of these base and unfounded imputations could be
afforded than was evidenced at the meeting in Palace-
yard on Monday, where, as at all the previous meetings
for a similar purpose, the peaceful end orderly conduct of
the assembled multitude, as well as the calm, argumenta-
tive, and statesmanlike addresses of the several speakers,
demonstrate], to the very defiance of doubt, that the
people are not less actuated by a love of justice than a
bee of order—not more anxious for the accomplishment
of their rights than of accomplishing them by peaceful
and constitutional means. It has been alleged that the
working classes have no definite object in view, that
they are the mere dupes of designing individuals, that
they propose an appeal to physical force, and intend,
amidst the general anarchy, to make spoil of the property
o the country. There is nothing easier than to make
a charge of criminal intention, and scarcely anything
more difficult than to disprove it. But let facts speak for
themselves, and let us examine impartially the conduct,
intentions, and views of the working classes, as exhibited
in their assemblies, and expressed through their authorised
organs. As to their conduct, their meetings, multitudi-
nous as they have been, will, in regard to orderly de-
meanour, not sink in comparison with even the House of
Peers; and as to their views, let us take the speech of Mr.
Lovett, who, as Secretary of the Association of the
Working Classes, may be considered their legitimate re-
presentative, and see whether it indicates any hostility to
the rights of property, or any views of a vague or violent
character. Speaking of the utter disregard of popular
rights by the privileged classes, Mr. Lovett observes—
" If they (the privileged classes) can show to us that it is
more in accordance with the principle of utility fur an ex-
clusive few, by virtue of wealth alone, to have the exclusive
privilege of talking nonsense and doing mischief in yonder
House, and year after be engaged in the 'Useless occupa-
tion of making hundreds of Acts of Parliament to explain
what the thousands of Acts mean—if they can show that it is
more wise to expend the fruits of other people's industry in
playing the game of soldiers and the game of war, and all the
absurdities that are played in lace ruffles and lawn, than in cul-
tivating the human faculties to perceive the beauties of art, the
advantages of science, and the moral and political duties of so-
cial life, we will bow in silence and submission to their argu-
ments of utility. If they can show that it is most in accord-
ance with this principle for nine-tenths of the human race to
Ise doomed to a state of slavery, drudgery, and mental servi-
lity, in order to uphold the othartenth, not merely in a state
of independence and comfort, having leisure and wealth to ac-
quire knowledge, and to impart its blessings to others, but to
foster hereditary pride, extravagance, debauchery, and inso-
lent imbecility of mind. If they can reconcile this with the
principles of utility, religion, and of morals, we will bow to
aristocracy, and proclaim the principles of democracy to be
wrong. And, that I may not be misunderstood, let me ex-
plain what we mean by democracy. We mean the power, the
intellect, the knowledge, and the morality of the people,
combined to select individuals according to these qualities to
make such laws and institutions as shall best secure to man in-
dividually, and to society collectively. the full development
and temperate exercise of all the powers God has given to
man, physically, mentally, and morally."
Does this exhibit any incompetency to appreciate the
just end of political institutions? Is there in such language
as the foregoing any vagueness of purpose, any inflamma-
tory declamation, anything, in fact, from which the most
rabid Tory dare to express a dissent ? It is the language
of truth, bearing the impress of its authority stamped on
its front in characters so legible that malice itself would
shrink from denouncing it as counterfeit. In reference to
the rights of property and the application of violence, let
the opinion of the working classes again be expressed
through their Secretary :
' Our object," said Mr. Lovett, "is not the confiscation
of others' rights, but the confirmation of the rights pro-
claimed by God, and long withheld by man. We have re-
cently been told that one of our objects is to interfere with
the legitimate rights of capital. What fools do th.'y take us
to be ? Why capital is as necessary to labour as air is to
the existence of man ; and Reformers know well that any
commotion which would interfere with the employment of
capital, and affect the just employment of capital, would re-
duce millions to poverty and wretchedness. That complaints
have been loud arid general against mercenary and oppressive
capitalists, I allow—and who will deny that they arc without
just foundation ? Rut in most cases the complaint has been
against the conduct of the nsan, and not against the legitimate
employment of his capital. We have heard, and lament that
some foolish observations have been recently made on this sub-
ject, and we think without due consideration of the clnsa-
quences—but we believe, and feel satisfied,, and I appea for
this feet t.) the delcgatei of the various districts of the king_
dorn who are presenttltat the mass of the people seek not
violence or commotion, but peaceable and orderly changes,"
Tne people have no wish to employ eiolenee,latet,on the
contrary, are determined to give to their enemies not the
shadow of a pretext fur the employment of violence against
them, The British people, though prodigal of their blood
when need requires. it, love not
and, above all things, have no sternach for OAting With
eecit other. But it is uneeeessary to repel the celuismious
imputation of itstending to resort to violetice• The peo-
ple never entertained such intentlea. They seek not to lose
fighting for fighting sake,
their lives, but to enjoy them. As Mr. Lovett well remedied
of 14itnself and associates, " We know well that in times
'I Pluit'iwg 14(4 ii?eq resin jitlo private life, and villain:
climl dopoWr," Is this the lenguage
el isten mndltating sage
lcuce ? Tito people abhor all 9-ral tp physical force, but
woe Leda,: ill:: S 2 who would employ phy3ieal f'irce against
t'nein. eks will be seen by another part of the Adverthee,
adhesiun to the petition and chatter which the people fifteen theossiski persons assembled in Bath to record their
pro-
pose as the foundation of their itbestice. 0." the fillePt§
embraced in these documents, our opinions are already
kuown ; but with a view to the differences ongst Re.
and if possible ed-
fcrioere being perfectly understood,
jus:ed, we shall pursue tlseir
closer examination a
opportunity. In the meantime, it the Toriest an
estoearly
oog
opinions by the nuthbe:s who support them, as would ap-
pear Born the sneers at the alleged paucity of Reformers
, s‘emble,i in Palace-yard, they will find but little cause
of objection to the 'llotTle's (!hssteri whet! OW millions
shall have recorded their sentiments en
Morning Li determinasioneee
Advertiser.
The demi-official Globe has an article of some length
yesterday evening on the subjeA of an intended. reform in
tle Post-office. The substanoo of the itilprovement,
divested of the various tiourisLee with which the Globe has
surrounded the subject,
seems to be this—that postage
will be charged upon the distance which it is necessary to
GArry letters, and not in proportion to the round-about
lengths ehlob they frequently ere carried, under the present
nesa.ra• gcmonts of the Post•office, This is a Fer01:111
iI.R.:,- ;* is vet), right to carry into effect, but very wrong
w
to ma a noise
,iu'iet. for the thing reformed is so absurd,
'
pro-
that when one hears of the improve...
the fee ling
duced is not so much that of admiration at the retortie !"
that of vexation that anything so preposterous as the
present eystem sliquid have existed so long. And
yet, though it has been at last discovered that
tho present system is unjust, or at least " looked upon
as unjust," it is not to be immediately remedied,
but much time is to be taken before the " twelve
hundred calculations," which are necessary to the change,
can be got through. Why was so much public money given
iti aid of Mr. Baggage's " Calculating Machine," if it
be not avaialee for tossing off a dozen hundred of such
threepenny and fourpenny calculations in a morning? But
hear how grandly the Ministerial Peper talks of this
of .ir :
,‘ Although it is intended to carry the measure into effect
at once, as jar as possible, a long time must elapse before it
can Le brought into full oper ttion, as all the distances be-
tween the different post towns, twelve hundred in number, in
the three kingdoms, must be recalculated. This, however,
cancet be avoided, and will be little regarded by the public,
when d.!), consider the benefit they will derive from the aban-
-1 done-lent of a principle of charge which was always looked
1 upon as unjust. 're can positively state that more complaints
have originated on this ground against the Post-office than on
almost any other ; and we bail, therefore, with the greatest
pleasure the discontinuance of so oppressive a system. The
sacrifice, Re understand, e ill be large, hut it will be well com-
pensated in the universal satisfaction it will diffuse."
So then, with these excellent reforming Whigs the die-
continuance of an " oppressive system," is described as a
sacrifice, and though " a long time must elapse" before the
oppressive system can be wholly abolished, yet the public is
expected little to regard this delay in conialeration of the
great benefit which is ultinialely intended ! Really, if " uni-
versal satisfaction is to be the result of merely suffering an
" oppressive system" to die away bit by bit, the public must
he very easily satisfied. But to be sure, the thing is to be
done by Whigs, and anything from them in the way of
reform which is not sheer humbug, is such , rarity
that it may be on that account prized far above its
intrinsic value. In treating of this great affair, the offi-
cial organ has fallen into a difficulty the opposite to
that described by Horace, for in labouring to be lengthy
it has become obscure. It affirms, for instance, that
"by the present law, it is imperative upon the Post-
office to charge letters according to the distance they are
conveyed by the mails, and that althoUgh post towns may

b? but a small distance apart, the letters between them are
frequently conveyed by a very circuitous route, and the
rate of postage considerably increased." Now, if that be
the present law, imperative upon the Post-office, we do not
sea how the syst, m can be changed until the law is
changed ; and though Whig governors arc very great
people, and find the interference of Parliament, on many
occasions, very obtrusive and inconvenient, yet so it is,
that if anything be law, it must so remain until not
only the Lords of the Treasury, but the Lords and
Commons in Parliament assembled, make the altera-
tion. Whether this be only a slip of the pen on
the part of the Government editor we cannot at this
moment say, but we do know that Whigs are very often
apt to make slips sshich indicate an opinion that, while
they have the Government, it should be the fountain of all
poser, legislative as well as administrative. Of all the
combinations that ever were seen, felt, or imagined, of af-
fected liberality with real tyranny, the most impudently sel-
fish, and offensively unreasonable, is that which belongs to
the modern Whig; of this country. While they pass by, as
if they were nothing, the most serious disgraces which fall
upon the country through their misgovernment, they make
the most prodigious fuss about such slight mutters of
common clerkship as this Pon-office reform. Since writing
the above we find that the announcement of the intended
grand reform appears verbatim in two Government papers.
It is, therefore, no doubt, a Treasury document, and very
worthy it is of the magnates who preside in that depart-
, ment.—Morning Post.

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZET

WAR OFFICE, SEPT. IS, 1838.
CONIMISSARIAT.

To be DeputyCommissaries-General.
Assistant-Commissary-Generals T. Osborn, R. Williams, and
T. W. Ramsay.
To be Assistant-Commissaries-General.
Deputy Assistant• Commissaries-General T. Arnold, W. I.
Greig, G. H. Dinwiddie, W. Ross, 0. Goldsmith, and W. Low.
To be Deputy Assistant-Commissaries-General.
Commissariat Clerks .1. J. Smith, J. P. Carom, M. Malasses,
P. Turner, J. Trimmer, R. Loa►, E. J. 111‘Mahon, W. S. Archer,
J. S. Davenport, W. C. Wasey, and J. A. Erskine. The com-
missions of the above officers bear date the 28th June, 1838.

BANKRUPTS.
HENRY ELLIS' MOSELEY, licensed victualler, West Ham,
Essex, to surrender Sept. 25, at half-past ten, and Oct 30, at ele-
ven, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Clark, St. Swithin's-lane, Lom-
bard-street, official assignee ; King, Cornhill.
BENJAMIN PARKER, wholesale grocer, Botolph-lane, Sept.
28, at one, and Oct. 30, at eleven, at the Court of Bankruptcy.
Alsager, Birchin-lane, official assignee ; Templer, Shealman, and
Slater, Great Tower-street.
JOSEPH SHAW and JAMES SHAW, dyers, Halifax, York-
shire, Sept. 28, and Oct. 30. at ten, at the Magistrates' Office,
Halifax. Dyson, Halifax; Rickards and Walker, Lincoln's-inn-
fields, London.
ROBERT NICKOLLS and JOHN GROVES, linen-drapers,
Stamford, Lincolnshire, Sept. 27, and Oct. 30, at eleven, at the
office of Messrs. Thompson and Son, Solicitors, Stamford.
Thompson, Stamford.
JOHN GUNN, cowkeeper, Old-road, Limehouse, Middlesex,
Sept. 28, at two, and Oct. 30, at twelve, at the Court of Bank-
ruptcy. Groom, Abchurch-lane, official assignee ; Baddeley,
Leman-street, Goodman's-fields.
THOMAS HARDING, scrivener, Portsmouth, Oct. 2, and
30, at twelve, at the George lan, Portsmouth. Stafford, Bucking-
ham-street, Strand, Middlesex.
WILLIAM ROTHERY, clothier, Leeds, Yorkshire, Sept. 22,
and Oct. 30, at twelve, at the Court-house, Leeds. Edwards and
Wormald, Great James-street, Bedford-row, London; Booth, Leeds.
EDWARD DOCKER, coffin nail maker, Birmingham, Sept.
25 and Oct. 30, at one, at Dee's Royal Hotel, Birmingham. Tooke
and Son, Bedford-row, London'; Unett and Sons, Birmingham.
WILLIAM ELLWOOD, butcher, Wigton, Cumberland, Oct.
3, at eleven, at the Coffee-house, Carlisle, and Oct. 30, at eleven,
at the King's Arms Inn, Wigton, Cumberland. Mounsey and
Gray, Staple Inn, London; LighENDS. tfoot, Wigton.
DIVID

At the Court of Bankruptcy, Basinghall-street.
H. Golding, victualler, Jacob's Well, New Inn-yard, Shore-
ditch, Oct. 11, at one—E. R. Bell, brewer, Roebuck Brewery,
Horton Old Town, Oct. 11, at eleven.
In the Country.
T. Cooke, grocer, Loughborough, Leicestershire, Oct. 10, at
eleven, at the office of Mr. St. G. Smith, Derby—R. Rose, grocer,
Sutton Valance, Kent, Dec. 24, at eleven, at the Guildhall, Can-
terbury—G. Haines, grocer, Kilsby, Northamptonshire, Oct. 15,
at eleven, at the Angel Hotel, Northampton—H. Hirst, sen.,
dealer, Northallerton, Yorkshire, Oct. 9, at twelve, at the Golden
Lion Inn, Northallerton—H. Knowles, druggist, Bridgnorth,
Shropshire, Oct. 12, at ten, at the Crown Inn, Bridgnorth—T.
Price and G. H. Powell, dealers, Hay, Breconshire, Jan. 2, at
twelve, at the Castle Hotel, Brecon—W. Neilson, merchant, Li-
verpool, Oct. 26, at twelve, at the Clarendon Rooms, Liverpool—
W. Cooke, timber merchant, Hereford, Oct. 18, at eleven, at the
Green Dragon Inn, Hereford—W. Butt, grocer, Ledbury, Here-
fordshire, Oct. 12, at one, at the Green Dragon Inn, Hereford—
C. Davison, cabinet maker, Sunderland, Oct. 12, at twelve, at
Mr. David Sheriff's, Sunderland—J. Wade, grocer, Plymouth,
Oct. 23, at twelve, at the Royal Hotel, Plymouth.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
11. R. Elkins and V. Elkins, copper-plate printers, King-street,
Covent-garden—J. B. Holmes and W. T. Gooch, leather-sellers,
Fore-street, Cripplegate—A. Mason and G. Longmore, coal-
merchants, Upper Thames-street—R. Jaggard and G. Judd,
draper., Warwick—William Whitehead and John Deeley,
ironlounders, White Lion-court, Cornhill, London—C. Foster,
jun., and T. Bailey, linen-drapers, high-street, Oxford—
T. Quirk and W. Brew, shoe-makers, Liverpool—W. Jones and
J. Platt, butchers, Whitford, Flintshire—ll. L. Thornhill and
I'. Outhwaite, woollen-drapers, Cornhill, London—J. Lyall,
J. Lyall, jun., and J. B. Lyall, ale brewers, Chelsea, Middlesex-
-W. Phipps, T. 1). Phipps, and J. Nurse, curriers, Terntnills
street, Clerkenwell—T. M. Gladstone, J. Holland, It. Marshall,
jun., J. Sothern, T, Iliiurner, awl J. lirittan, carriers, Liverpool,
(so far as regards H. Marshall, jun. )—T. Jeffcaatt, A, Brunskill,
and R. A. lirunskill, ribbon-manufactureu, Coventry, (so far as
regards R. W, Brunskill),

CROUNAL COURT-TUESDAY,

Oil) COURT.

Catherine Connor, aged 18, spinster, was indicted for steal-
ing a reticule containing a purse and moneys, the property of
Bryan Courthope, Esq,
It appeared from the evidence of a female servant of the
proses toe's, who resides at Blackheath, that on the llth
inst. the prisoner called at the house about midday with some
fruit to sell. She was told to go away, hut shortly afterwards
she wai again obaqved at the lawn entrance to the residence.
After her departure the pm se, containing 14:13., and other ar-
ticles bclon;ing to the prosecutor or his lady wore missing,
rorn the parlour dining-WA°. The prisoner was shortly af-
tei.wardsappi=ehended in Greenwich Park, and a portion of the
stolen property found upon her.—The prisoner, who made no
defence, was found Outity,
NEW COURT.
- -

Berjantin Gmlfrey, aged 17, was indicted for stealing a
hank notc for the payment and value of and Nur sovereigns;
the iiroperty of Obarlp Cole 4, his eioployoe. it appeared by
the evidence of the prosecutor that the lad was employed by
him to go on errands, and he was entrusted with the note and
money named in the indictment, for a certain purpose, with
which he absconded i but when the money was expencieti
cletifere4 blrtiscli up toluApn,
The Commotv-Sgttoximl said that there could be no doubt
of the prisoner's guilt, and a verdict was returned accordingly.
The judgment of the Court was that he be imprisoned and
kept to bard Libour for six calendar months,
iya'4 indiOctl 4tiing a gold wedding ring,
value 10s., the property of Sarah Corp. The defence of the
prisoner was intoxication. The jury found the prisoner guilty.
