A.
1a ill
i
1 l
1 r/
l

...st i°

Is.

tbe,
New

THE PATENT HOLLANDS.
IN consequence of the interruption of British
intercourse with the Dutch Provinces, this exquisite
spirit is rapidly increasing in demand ; and to prevent
disappointment it is proper to announce that small dealers
arid consumers are not supplied direct from the distillery,
but referred to the principal Wholesale Establishments in
the Metropolis; accordingly H. BRETT has entered
into arrangements with the Patentee, whereby the public
i, guaranteed a constant supply of the Genuine article,
Undiseuised by sweetening, and exhibiting upon the Hy-
drometer the extraordinary strength of 17 per cent., at
12% per Imperial Gallon, and in sealed Bottles, 2s. 6d.
each. Plain unsweetened London Gin, and Double Cream
Cordial Gin, on the same terms.
THE PATENT BRANDY.
H. BRETT is likewise the Depositary of the Pure
Patent French Distilled Brandy, so highly recommended
by the Faculty as being free from acidity, yet possessing
all the estimable properties of the finest Cognac, price 18s.
per Imperial Gallon, a sealed Bottle, 31. 6d. As coon-
; terfeits abound, connoisseurs and families who regard their
health should be particular in directing their orders to
HENRY BRETT, Wine and Brandy Merchant,
No. 109, Drury-lane.—N.B. 109.
Conditions.—Cash on delivery of goods in London, or
the suburbs : exchanged in case of disapprobation; for-
feited if inferior to sample. Country postage, shipping
charges, and back carriage of packages, payable by pur-
chasers. Discount only to the trade.

Ch
ion

,
71.1.„,,t5•
P—Joht
of 00
41,!_de°

re'
?effl'.

A TRIFLING GROUND RENT.
A Genteel Compact RESIDENCE, handsomely fitted up,
adared for the accommodation of a Gentleman's Family,
desirably situate, No. 11, Sloane-street, contiguous to
Hyde Park. The house is three stories high, two rooms
on a floor, with convenient offices in the basement, wine,
beer, and coal cellars, and large garden at the back.
To be viewed by tickets. Particulars may be bad on
The premises; at Garraway's, and oi Mr. Reid, No. 170,
Regent-street, of whom tickets for viewing may be
obtained.

ELEGANT RESIDENCE & PLEASURE GROUNDS,

PUTNEY HEATH.
In the immediate Vicinity of the Surrey Hounds.
TO BE SOLD BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,
By Mr. REID,
Son-in-law and Successor to the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS,

(Of Warwick House, Regent-street )
ADesirable RESIENCE, in excellent
order, and fit for the immediate reception of a
Family of the first Distinction,
SITUATE AT PUTNEY HEATH,

On a fine elevation, commanding pleasing and interesting
views in various directions, planned with suites of hand-
some apartments elegantly fitted up, convenient domestic
offices, stable-yard, excellent coach-houses and stables,
outbuildings, capital garden, fully stocked and cropped,
planted with the choicest fruit trees, pleasure grounds
tastefully laid out, ornamented with thriving evergreens,
shrubs, and plantations, dry gravelled walks, &c., and
Meadow land.

The whole containing about Eight Acres.
viewed y ticets, wich, with particulars, may be
nad of Mr, Reid,b 170, k
Regenht-street.

CONDUIT- ST RE ET, HANOVER- SQUARE,
CORNER OF GEORGE-STREET.
To Oh ,Lan, Lamp Manufacturers, or any other trade re-
ggiring commodious premises, with a capital Shop for
the display of rods,
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
By Mr. REID,
Son-in-law and Successor to the late Mr. JOHN ROBINS,
(Of Warwick House, Regent-street,)
At Gsrraway's Coffee-house, Change Alley, Cornhill, on
WEDNESDAY, the 12th of December. 1832, at Twelve
o'clock, by direction of the Executors of the late Mr.
Richardson,
A Valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATE,
Comprising
A COMMODIOUS DWELLING-HOUSE,
Situate No. 25, Conduit-street, Hanover-square, Con-
oniently planned, with a Shop, occupying a very consi-
derable front, admirably adapted for the display of Goods
Or Manufactures, combining a Separate Entrance from
George-street, giving the appearance of a private residence,
With Convenient Offices and Capital Cellars.
The Premises have long been established in the Oil and
Lamp trades, which have been carried on to considerable
advantage, affording an eligible situation, and the means of
acquiring a competency, or are suited to the purpose of
44311 other trade, being one of the great thoroughfares of
the West-end of the metropolis, connecting Regent•street
PM Bond-street.
To be viewed by tickets ; particulars may be had on
the premises, at Garraway's, and of Mr. Reid, No. 170,
Regent-street, of whom tickets for viewing may be obtained.

'AILOI
t ".01
14
e oft

The electors of the borough of Finsbury, resident in
Islington, were, by advertisement, requested to meet Mr.
Babbage on Thursday night at the Canonbury Tavern.
The meeting was numerously attended.
BISCHOFF, Esq., took the chair. He stated that
Mr. Babbage had attended that night in consequeuce of a
requisition forwarded to him, signed by twenty-two elec-
tors, whose names had likewise been affixed to the adver-
tisements. On introducing Mr. Babbage to the electors
he would allude particularly to his conduct at two con-
tested elections at Cambridge, in which he had taken the
side opposed to the interests of Peel and Geulburn, at the
time their party were in power. What were the results
of these elections the meeting were, of course, well ac-
quainted with ; he (the Chairman) bad alluded to them
mainly to show that the principles of Mr. Babbage were
not of yesterday's formation. Mr. Babbage had, by his
merit alone, obtained the proud eminence of appointment
to the Mathematics Chair at Cambridge. The chair that
Mr. Babbage filled was the same that had been filled by the
great Sir Isaac Newton, and Sir Isaac Newton had been
an effective Member of the House of Commons. It was a
position often taken up that the literary man and the man
of science were the worst men for representatives ; but Sir
Isaac was a proof of the fallacy of the position; for he had
proposed, and the measure was carried, for calling in the
mutilated coinage, and to him the country had been in-
debted for the institution of a good substantial metallic
currency. The chairman concluded with introducing
Mr. Babbage.
Mr. BABBAGE then rose. His reason for declining to
pledge himself was, that he might not be constrained to press
a specific measure at an improper time, and he could not
promise that his mind might not change on any one parti-
cular point, because he looked entirely to facts, and the
same facts might not have the same relation at all times
under a change of circumstances. He did not take up
this stand to get out of the obligation of a pledge, but it
was that he might, with giving a pledge to principle, leave
himself in the exercise of his reason in specific measures
He was decidedly of opinion that economy in the State
was the primary consideration of the people; and after
that had been carried as far as possible by abolition of sine-
cures and abridging the salaries of public functionaries, that
next, all taxes should be dispensed with that could be possi-
bly done without. He would enumerate as some of these—
taxes on fire insurances and on the press. Tithes, he was
convinced, were a bad mode of taxation, because, independent
of other considerations, they were injurious, as they checked
Production• He entirely coincided with the opinion that gene-
rally prevailed, of the necessity of reform in the Church. On
the question of slavery lie would say it was a grievous wrong to
the slave, and it was impolitic to us as a national measure.
He was afraid to trust his own judgment on this subject,
so much as he was opposed to the existence of slavery;
but he would be ready to vote for immediate emancipation
if he could be assured that it would not be productive of
great misery. The questions of the India and the Bank
Charter were complicated in their nature. Of the former
be thought a modification of that charter would improve
the commerce of the country ; and, since the discussion
which had taken place on the latter, he believed the opi-
nion of the public had undergone great change, and still
keeping in view that it was impolitic in all cases to sup-
port monopoly, to avoid bad consequences from sudden
reversion or fluctuations, he would say the laws on these
two questions ought to be subjected to careful revision.
He was dissatisfied with the government of Ireland, and
and thought it called for immediate relief. Triennial Par-
liaments be had no objection to as an improvement, but he
would first have the people to try the effects of the benefits
of the Reform Bill, and if then necessary the people would
soon have it. The same would it be with vote by ballot.
Many difficulties occurred to him on contemplating the
ietroduction of the vote by ballot, but if he was shown
that it would be an improvement he would be ready to
support it.
Mr. HODGKINS begged to be understood by Mr. Bab-
bage, that he was not hostile to his interest; although he
did not see that he could cordially support any of the gen-
tlemen who had as yet become candidates; but he could
say, that of them all, he was most inclined to give his
support to Mr. Babbage. He made an eloquent speech,
in which he adduced many striking instances of literary
men having disappointed the hopes of different countries
in their qualifications for representatives. He would, as
the first question be hid to put to Mr. Babbsge, ask by
what sort of requisition Mr. Babbage had come for-
ward to ask for their suffrages? The next was, did Mr.
Babbage mean by a reform in the Church, by distributing
more equally the remuneration of the clergy, to appro-
priate all the funds now taken from the people ? If so, it
was merely a reform in the Church, but not a reform for
the people. The next was, if he meant in Church reform
to relieve the Dissenters from the burden of supporting
any other Church than their own ? He would also ask, if
he would support a measure for abrogating impressment,
and for abolishing flogging in the army and navy; and for
ridding the peasantry of our country from the oppression
entailed upon them by Parson Magistrates? He did not
approve of the reservations Mr. Babbage had made in the
Bank Charter and East India Charter. The next question
was, would Mr. Babbage support any measure to repeal
Sturges Bourne's Act, as being a baneful law, that was
really a rank oppression to the majority of every parish,
by subjecting them to the control of a trifling minority.
He concluded with earnestly cautioning the electors not to
be premature in pledging themselves to support any can-
didate, as they might have candidates more deserving than
any that had yet come forward. He would add one more
question. What had induced Mr. Babbage to leave his

FOREIGN SUGAR.—White Havannah, of which the
hulk of our present stock consists, continues out of demand,
but for brown descriptions there is rather more inquiry,
and some few sales made at better prices, viz., good brown
Bahia at 215., and for mid. brown Rios 20s. has been re-
fused. No arrivals since last week.

FOREIGN SUGARS FOR REFINING.—An application bas
been made to the Ministers to allow Foreign Sugars to be
used in the English Refineries. The application has been
refused.

WEST INDIA. MoLAssEs.—There have been several
sales of West India Molasses. Early in the week 275. 6d.
was paid for good quality, and yesterday 295. and 295. 6d,
for fine.

Comm.-The market for British Plantation is not
very animated, and the prices paid at the public sales are
a shade lower for the better qualities, and in the ordinary
unclean sorts of Jamaica there is a more marked depres.
sion. In Foreign and East India Coffee, after a gradual
decline for about two months, and at times a total inabi-
lity to sell, a greater disposition for doing business began
to be experienced on Friday last, and as the advices from
Holland, as well as from Hamburg, have since continued
to bring higher prices. we have advanced here since last
Thursday Is. 6d. to 2a. 6d., and many of the holders are
keeping back in the expectation of the present warlike
appearances on the Continent, enabling them hereafter
to realiz! on more favourable terms. Three hun-
dred bags good Ceylon found purchasers by private
contract this day at fifty-four shillings. The public sales
consisted of 211 casks 118 bags British Plantation, 1,515
bags Frreign, and 111 bags East India, which sold as fol-
lows :-Jamaica, ordinary, 675. ; brown good ordinary
not clean 693. to '7os. ; fine ordinary not clean, 73e. ; or-
dinary clean, 695. ; good ordinary clean, 755. to 765. ;
tine fine ord. 765. to 78s. 6d. ; low mid. 80s. to 81s. 6d. ;
D•merara fine ord. clean 78s. 6d. ; mid. clean 82s. to
830. ; Berhice triage 725. 6d. to 80s: 6d. ; fine ordi-
nary 81s. 6d. ; good mid. 85s. to 86s. 6d. Brazil ord.
mixed was bought in at 505., and good ord. dingy at 545.,
for which 535. was bid ; Sumatra brown ord. musty sold
at 50s. 6d. This day's public sales 802 bags Havannah,
535 bags East India, 339 bales Mocha, 141 packs British
Plantation. Sumatra sold 50s. 6d. a 51s. 6d., fine
525. 6.1. ; Havannab good ord. 545. a 555., low mid. 60s.
and 60s. 6d. ; Mocha, common 70s. a 718. ; the British
Plantation went off heavily and lower ; the Foreign and
East India sold higher ; Ceylon by private contract sold
at 545., which, at the lowest point of the market last
week, was offered at 50s.

Rust, BRANDY, AND HOLLANDS.--.T he Rum Market
continues very firm in price, and the holders in many in-
stances asking higher prices, but there are few transactions
to report ; some proof Leewards Is. 10d., 3 over is
Is. 10id. ; in the Jamaica descriptions there is little va-
riation. Brandy is firm and rather higher. In Geneva
there is no alteration.

TALLow.—The prices of Tallow continue very unset-
tled ; the quotation last night was 445., and heavy ; the
price this evening was 445. 3d. a 445. 6d.
TEA.-The 111 atket is steady, and the transactions
more limited during the last week than previously.
COCOA.-The consumption of Cocoa increases rapidly,
on account of the reduction of the duty to 2d. per lb.
Trinidad, Grenada, and St. Lucia are now held at 655.
to 70s. Brazil Cocoa, formerly 259., has been sold at
335., and now held for 355. This day's public sale 38
barrels Brazil Cocoa bought in at 349.
RICE.—•The prices of Rice rose 6d. to Is. per cwt. on
Tuesday. White Bengal 15s. 6d., good 165., fine 17s.
6d. This day's pablic sale, 668 bags cargo, sold Is. lower
—lls. a 12s.

Corrox.—The Cotton Market continues dull ; the
bases lately are inconsiderable. This day's
pure public
sale, 1,250 bls. Madras Cotton, good fair to good sold
with spirit, bid. a sid.
PEPPER.—This day's public sales, 973 bags Black
Pepper, sold id. higher, unsifted Sp. a 38d.
CASSIA, LIGNEA.—This day's public sales 213 chests
Cassia Lignea 755. a 78s. 6d., about 2s. higher.
PIMENTO. —The Pimento at public sales, good fair qua-
lity 5d., mid. 4id. a 48d., ord. 4id.
SALTPETRE.—SaItpetre is held with great firmness;
rough 375. 6d., British Refined 425.
INDIGO.—There is no alteration in Indigo.
TOBACCO.—In Tobacco there is little doing,
fine, which is in a little demand.
SILK.—For the last week or two fine silk has been in
brisk demand, and a slight advance has been paid. Good
thrown Silks are scarce, and fetch a ready sale ; coarser
qualities are dull of sale. except in
FRUIT.—On Wednesday 150 butts and 135 caroteels
new Patras Currants were offered by public sale, but all
bought in at 70s. a ule. ; they hare since been sold at

Quantities Imported into the United Kingdom
in the Month ended Nov. 1, 1832.

The Produce
of, and
Im-
Imported from ported from,
Foreign British Posses- Total.
Countries. sinus out of
Europe.
Qrs. Bus. Qrs. Bus. Qrs. Bus.
17,281 6 6,087 2 23,329 0
1,461 4 1,461 4
1,987 7 1,9E37 7
20 2 0
616 6 616 6
2,062 0 2,062 0
23,371 7 6,087 2 29,459 1
Cwts. qrs. lb. Cwts. qrs. lb. Cwts. qrs. lb.
560 1 6 3,633 021 4,193 1 27
31 3 8 31 3 8
7 0 0 7 0 0
599 0 14 3,633 021 4,232 1 7
Quantities charged with Duty for Home Con.
sumption in the United kingdom in the
Month ended Nov. 1, 1832.
The Produce
of, and Im-
Imvrtrglgfnrom ported from,
Fo
reign British Posses_ Total.
Countries. sions out of
Europe.
Qrs. Bus. Qrs. Bus. Qrs. Bus.
111 4 12,233 4 12,345 0
5,145 3 5,145 3
53 2 53 2
2 0 9. 0
561 2 561 2
1,776 4 1,776 4
7,649 7 12,233 4 19,883 3
Cwts. qrs. lb. Cwts. qrs. lb. Cwts. qrs. lb.
27 2 15 5,970 2 13 5,998 1 0
0 3 14 0 3 14
____----
28 2 1 5,970 2 13 5,999 0 14
Quantities remaining in Warehouse in the
United Kingdom on Nov. 1, 1832.
The Produce
of, and Im-
imported from ported from,
-Foreign British Posses- Total.
Countries. sions out of
Europe.
Qrs. Bus. Qrs. Bus. Qrs. Bus.
526,998 0 41,027 4 568,025 4
18,678 7 18,678 7
274,747 0 274,747 0
4,178 6 4,178 6
3,628 3 3,628 3
25,290 2 25,290 2
853,521 2 41,027 4 894,518 6
Cwts, qrs. lb. Cwts. qrs. lb. Cwts. qrs. lb.
, 563,410 227 20,710 0 12 584,120 3 11
82 2 11 82 2 11
309 3 0 9
700 7 0 0
130 1 3 0
563.422 2 8,20,792 2 23 584,215 1 3

1563,42'2 2 8

584,9.15 1 3

By order of the Commissioners,
C. A. SCOVELL, Secretary.
Custom-house, London, Nov. 21, 1832.

Extract of a letter of the 29th ult. from Algiers :
.‘ The Envoy of the Duke of Rovigo has returned from
Constantine, where he was sent to learn the political and
physical state of the country and the resources of the Go-
vernment. It is new ascertained that it is not Achmet
alone who has usurped the chief power, but that in order
to make a more effectual resistance to the French, he is
placed at the bead of all the Grandees, composing a Divan
which now rules the country. He, however, secretly as-
sured our Envoy that if the French would but wait a little
longer, he would afford them a favourable opportunity of
taking possession of the town and province, of which be
was but the mesne lord (his own expression), and would
place himself under their protection, paying an annual tri-
bute. It would no doubt be best to accede to the propo-
sitions of this Bey, for his Divan, to which he is entirely
opposed, has 25,000 men at command, and the inbabi.
tants, having concealed the most valuable part of their
treasures in the desert, will fly there in case of a defeat,
leaving behind them nothing to reward the victors for all
their pains and fatigue, nor to compensate for the expense
and danger of the expedition."
M. Hennequin, the Advocate, has addressed the follow-
ing letter to the Duchess of Berry:—

" Madame,—l took the liberty of addressing to your Royal
Highness a letter which must, by this time, have reached you.
I have since received a letter from Mademoisselle Kersabiec,
and learned with a sentiment of profound gratitude, that, whilst
at Paris, I was laying my devotedness at your feet, your High-
ness condescended, at Nantes, to fix your thoughts upon me.
Strengthened by a confidence, which will remain the eternal
honour of my life, I hasten to inform your Royal Highness that
I await your commands, and that I will proceed to you as soon
as you shall express a desire to that effect. I am, with respect,
&c. " HENNEQUIN."

The Constitutionnel contains the following letter re-
lative to the attempt upon the King's person :

" Paris, Nov. O.

" Sir,—Permit me to give you some details of the horrid at.
tempt upon his Majesty ; they are facts related by the cou.
rageous young lady who turned aside the arm of the assassin.
Mademoiselle Adele Boury, aged nineteen, daughter of the
Post-master of Bergues, in the Department du Nord, was on the
descent of the Pont Royal when the cortege passed. She
placed herself in front, on the side of the causeway. Two
ladies stood near her. When the shouts of Vire le -Rol ! and A
bas les chapeaus! announced the arrival of the King, a young
man violently pushed back Mlle. de Boury, and placed himself
before her. This young lady remonstrated against his rude-
ness, but he made no reply, being intent upon his criminal de-
sign. As Mlle. Boury could not resist, she remained behind
him, stood on tip-toe, and leaned on his shoulder to see the
procession pass. The individual then raised his left arm, and
drew from his pocket a small pistoL By this movement he
struck the young lady's chin. He had apparently his finger on
the trigger, and was taking his aim, when Mlle.Boury perceived
the end of the barrel. She instantly seized the man's arm
with both her hands, pulled him back towards her, and the
pistol went off. The young lady still held his arm with so
much force, that she tore his coat ; but, she was obliged to
quit her hold, as another individual, who stood behind her,
pushed her rudely off the causeway, and she fell on the ground.
On seeing the assassin escape in the direction of the Tuileries,
she exclaimed, Arretex, arrelez ! She rose up with some
difficulty, and went and leaned against the parapet of the
bridge. Some persons among the crowd said to the Generals
who were approaching : " That is the lady :" On being sur-
rounded, she fainted, and was taken up by one of the car-
riages of the cortege. When she had somewhat recovered, she
named M. Thiers, the Minister. She was immediately con-
veyed to his house, and there, on recovering her senses, gave
her name and residence. She was afterwards taken to the
Procureur du Roi, to give her testimony, and from thence to
the Palace of the Tuileries. She entered the Royal apart-
ments led by two persons, amidst shouts of " bravo" from
the Generals, Deputies' Peers of France, and others who were
present. The Queen, affected to tears, threw herself round
her neck, exclaiming, "It is you then, my dear, who saved
the life of my husband I" The shouts of bravos, the place of
the scene, the enthusiasm expressed by every one, made such
an impression on Madlle. Boury that she went into fits, which
she had never experienced before. Immediate assistance was
afforded her. The Procureur du Roi then offered to accom-
pany her to her hotel, where she arrived in an agitated state at
half-past six o'clock in the evening. The sight of persons of
her acquaintance sooned calmed her mind, and she is at this
moment much better. This lady, who is young, handsome,
and of mild temper, displayed great presence of mind and cou.
rage on this occasion. She possesses more resolution than
would be inferred from the meekness of her physiognomy.
She related her history with clearness and precision, which
presented still greater interest by her somewhat Flemish
dialect."

The Courier Francais states that a great many domi-
ciliary searches were made yesterday, and several arrests
took place. Among the persons arrested are Messrs.
Flocun, Thirion, Romagni, Prevot, Carlier, and Four-
nier. In the morning an individual was apprehended on
the Place du Carrousel, who gave himself out as the son of
Louis XVI.

From a list published by the Moniteur, it appears that
the number of Dutch vessels upon which the embargo has
been laid in the different ports of France, is 27.
The Augsburg Gazette of the 17th inst. brings in
telligence from Ancona to the 9th. General Fubiers had
placed all the French troops at the disposal of the dele-
gate, on every occasion connected with the maintenance of
public order. The arrest of a liberal, M. Camillo Meloni,
which took place on the Bth, near Ancona, has caused
great surprise, and induced many to prepare for voluntary
exile. The Papa, Government is still occupied with th,

The Journal des Desbats speaks with indignation of
the insinuations of the Opposition Papers, that the attick
on the King was the work of the Police, and says that it is
quite consistent with the experience of history that when
collective emeutes are rendered impossible by the energy of
Government, party spirit shows itself in individual at-
tempts at assassination.

Le National says that it does not accuse the police, hut
wishes only that the culprit miy be tjken that the world
may know who is to be accused.
La Tribune argues that from all the circumstances at-
tending the attempt, it is evident that the police was cot.
nizant of the affair.

La Gazette de France says that the Royal speech offers
no ground for comment as it gives no new information on
any point of foreign or domestic policy. It then proceeds
to make long quotations from a work published some years
by M. Guizot, to prove that legitimacy and counter-revo-
lution are different things, and that therefore it is wrong to
,dentify them as is done in the speech.

Le Nouvelliste, in reply.to the Constitutionnel, says
that it will be found in the course of the Session that Go-
vernment is not inattentive to the laws expedient to he
proposed for the encouragement of industry, although they
were not specifically mentioned in the speech.

THE VACANT SEE.—It is reported that the
Hon. and Rev. Mr. Prrtuarr, Dean of Down, and rector
and vicar of the six good livings thereunto appended, is to
be the new Bishop of WATERFORD. This is not surpris-
ing; but, proverbial as is the nepotism of the Chancellor,
we are surprised to hear that the Deanery of Down, one
of the richest in the kingdom—is to be held by Mr. Purer •
KET, in conjunction with the see of Waterford—far front
.eing poor ! Is this in conformity with the report and
recommendation of the ecclesiastical couunissioners—eh
my Lord?—Dublin Morning Register.
The town of Chatham is all alive, in conse-
quence of the arrival of the Calypso French frigate at 11
o'clock on Wednesday morning. She received some da-
mage in the late gales in the Channel, and has put into
Chatham to be repaired. She is now lying in Gilinzham-
reach, with her ensign flying. The appearance of a French
frigate in Gillingham-reach was never before remembered
by the oldest inhabitant in Chatham, and attracts crowds
of persons from the neighbourhood. Two Dutch East
Indiamen, richly laden, from Batavia, have been sent in
by his Majesty's vessels the Scout and Rover.
EXTRAORDINARY CASE OF ATTEMPTED
MURDER AT CLAPllAM.—Yesterday morning a venerable
CONSTABLE,
Atßnitt ,r e
:
charge
looking old man, named MARTIN Masora, who is ahaut
80 years of age, was examined before Messrs. SHAW,
PU C
L E
of
having ,and WILSON,
attempted aAtlrsCla
:
a young widow, residing in a small cottage in St. James's
place, Acrelane, Clapham. About six weeks ego tl,e ola
man was recommended as a lodger to Mrs. CONSTABLE,
atted Magistrates
to murder
by a lady named STOKES, residing on Clapham.common,
and wife of Mr. STOKES, a merchant, in Bread-street, in
whose family MASON had lived coachmen for nearly 50
years. He was considered as a quiet, well-disposed man,
and of. religious habits. He genera,ly rose at 8 in the
morning, when he found his breakfast prepared for him in
the parlour. On Tuesday the 14th, Mrs. CoxsTABRR
was boiling his coffee on the fire, when she heard his
footsteps, and she called out, " Your breakfast is not quits
ready, Mr. MASON." Scarcely had she said this, when
the old man came behind her and felled her to the ground
by a blow on the head with a hatchet. He repeated his
blow twice, and it was with some difficulty that the poor
woman, who was covered with blood, could get front hitn.
When she did, she ran screaming 'rMurder" through the
garden, in the rear of which is a gate cornmunicating to
the back premiers of Mr. HOPPER. She obtained an
asylum there, and a carpenter, named WRIGHT, and a
g Irdener, named LUCAS, who had seen the old man pursue
Mrs. CONSTABLE, went and secured him. In his pocket
were found two knives recently sharpened. He had struck
with the back of the hatchet, or the poor woman would
have been murdered at the first blow. She was attended
by Mr. RAPPER, a surgeon, but she still lies in a danger-.
ous state.--The prisoner, in his defence, composedly said,
"I was in a very bad state of mind all night. I thought
I was lying in wet sheets, which made me very uncom-
fortable all night. I went down stairs in the morning
with the hatchet in my band, and struck the good woman
with it. I had no hatred towards her."—The old man,
who has evidently become imbecile from age an I lotiran.
ties, was committed for trial to Kingatoa Gaul.
