ABOLITICN OF SLAVERY.

Petitions were presented, praying for the abolition of
slavery, by Lord Bexley; Lord Suffield (262 in number);
the Duke of 'Wellington (praying also that regard be had
to the rights of property) ; the Earl of Suffolk, Lord Lyt-
telton, Lord Rolle, the Marquis of Bute, the Bi,hop of
Lichfield and Coventry, Lord Barham, the Marquis of
Lansdowne, the Marquis of Westminster, and the Marquis
of Sligo.--Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAY 20.
The SPEAKER took the chair shortly after five o'clock.
A message from the House of Lords brought up the Stafford
Bribery Bill.

CARLOW ELECTION.
Sir R. HERON brought up the report of the Comm

tee appointed to try the merits of this election, declaring
that Walter Blackney and Thomas Wallace, Esqrs., were
duly elected, and that neither the petition nor opposition
was frivolous or vexatious.
SOUTH STAFFORD.
On the motion of Sir J. WROTTESLEY, a new writ
was ordered to issue for the southern division of the
county of Staffird, Edw. John Littleton, Esti , having
accepted the office of Chief Secretary for Ireland.
STROUD.

Mr. HYETT moved for a new writ for the borough of
Stroud in the room of David Ricardo, Esq., who had ac-
cepted of the Chiltern Hundreds.—Ordered.
Mr. JERVIS presented a petition from the market-
gardeners, complaining of the rates they were subject to
for the police.
Mr. HUME supported the prayer of the petition.
FORGING PETITIONS.

Mr. HUME wished to call the attention of the House
to a subject of great importance. Some time since he
presented a petition from Stroud, signed by several hun-
dred persons against the Factories Bill. He had discovered
that the whole was a forgery, and that he had been com-
pletely imposed upon ; be should therefore now give
notice, that on the 30th of the present month he should
submit a motion for the appointment of a Committee,
before which he should examine the landlord of the
Weavers' Arms, and others connected with the trans-
action.

Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition from Balme-
rino, in Fifeshire, complaining of the present system of
taxation, and praying for the substitution of a property tax.

COLONIAL SLAVERY.

Lord CHANDOS, seeing the Noble Lord (Althorp)
in his place, would take the opportunity of stating that
there was a strong impra ssion out of doors that it was not
the intention of his Majesty's Government to persevere in
the Bill brought into that House for the abolition of
slavery. He could not, for his own part, suppose for a
moment that it was the intention of Ministers to get rid
of the question in such an unsatisfactory manner.
Lord ALTHORP said be was not aware what im-
pression might exist on the subject elsewhere, but he was
glad the Noble Lord had given him that opportunity of
assuring bins that it was the most decided intention of his
M ajesty's Ministers to persevere with the measure this
session.--( Hear.)
Mr. STUART moved for a return of the amount of
fees paid to the sheriffs of each county in Scotland re-
spectively, for the last five years.
Mr. HUME put a question to Mr. Campbell, the Soli-
citor-General, respecting, as we understood, the Debtor
and Creditor's Bill ; but we could neither hear the ques•.
tio❑ nor reply with sufficient distinctness.
FACTORY BILL.

Mr. ATTWOOD, after some preliminary observations,
which were inaudible, said be hoped that the Noble Lord
who had undertaken the introduction of the Factory Bill,
would agai❑ bring it forward, and th it the report of the
Commissioners appointed to make inquiries on the subject
might be laid before the Committee on the Bill ; as he
feared there would be no other means of getting the Bill
through this session. He then moved that there he laid
on the table of that House the names of the Commis-
sioners, the terms of their appointment, a copy of the
commission, and a list of the questions to be asked by
them.

Lord ALTHORP would not object to the motion.
Mr. ATTWOOD asked if he could move that the
Commissioners should make their report within a month
from that day.

Lord ALTHORP—Not without having given previouß
notice.

Mr. ROBINSON asked the Noble Lord (Althorp)
whether he could give the House any satisfactory informa-
tio❑ relative to the further distribution of the Deccan prize
money ?

Lord ALTHORP said the matter was (as we under-
stood) un.ler appeal in the Privy Council, and he could
not say when it would be heard. He did not think, how-
ever, it would occasion much delay.
FACTORIES BILL.
Lord ASHLEY complained that so much delay had
already been occasioned in consequence of the appointment
of the commission. He bad apprehended this, and op-
posed the commission on that ground. The commission
was voted on the 3d of April, but it did not leave
London till the 24th ; he would allow more than six
weeks after this latter period ; and therefore he would fix
the second reading of his Bill for Monday, June 17. (There
being no other order on the books for that day, Mr.
Stanley intimated that Government, from courtesy, had
precedence.) He (Lord Ashley) was determined to per-
severe in it ; and he would not, out of courtesy to any
man, compliment away the lives of 50,000 infant chil-
dren, who suffered so much. under the present system.—
(Hear, hear.) If the Ministers were inclined to make any
opposition, he should divide the House.
Lord ALTHORP then moved the order of the day that
the House resolve itself into committee on the Church
Temporalities (Ireland) Bill.
Mr. GILLON rose to bring forward the motion of
which he had given notice on the subject of the Irish church
establishment. He did not approve of this Bill, which
is his opinion did not go half far enough. It was merely
diminishing the evil, but only to a very slight extent,
whereas something much. more effective was required. In
this country, as well as 1!) Ireland, some change was ne-
cessary, but especially in Ireland, where the great ma-
jority of the people were not of the religion of the esta-
blished church. But even here he believed the number
of dissenters were much underrated, and why were they
or any
people to be taxed to support a system of re-
ligion
ich their own opinions did not conform ?
ayto otherwh
(Hear.) Toe present system in Ireland was one that was
upheld by military force, and for that reason he did not
wish to see it continued, for he could never consent to
