MONIEir MAIIKET a s I'y 1. N S

(TUESDAY EV EN Inc.)
CHRONICLE.—The for: tie....ttion of Parisis looked
upon rather favourably io the ity, r.s the ro';',aos of em_
ploilng the French workmen, . tea of streagthenieg the
executive. But Louis Philipp, t's sceptre mast be made
of brittle materials if he requir t 'inch tormidahle means
to protect him from intestine e Par.notion, and it must
be months before the works can be sufficl.'ntly advanced
to vgiii.st him in e.l,t of ne, d. 1 th,,se fort .tic .tines
not intended to protect the Cc ,rtrt from the p, ople, they
must lie intended to prote.,t perple wi;hin ft am at-
tack v;it'uout, nod in either way the result is unsatis-
factory. W e look upan it as a bad measure of rAro-
action, ins ad of being in 'unison with the progress of
whate,er -b..! the real object has
given rise to it.

TIMES.--Of all fzet: West ladia islands those be.
longing to Denmark occupy the smallest part of public
attention, so that months and even year, sometimes
elapse withesut any totice of them at all. Some accounts
from tiles() colouies, however, which appear
.111 the Auo,-
ricin papws last received, contain facts of some into.
rest, ar'Xibg chiefly from the question of emancipation,
which has been raised there among the slave popula-
tion,
;..ia consequence of the conipiction of that mea-
sure ire the British colonic s. Tee dates are from Sa
'Filotruis'a to the I th, and from St. Croix to the Zitti ult.
To tip," latter the Geveroor had leafy returned rrom the
earotiation of his Kir.; and Qaaen, the latter of whom
is taalourable to the abolition, of slavery, thoe:h a
diflicrolty is offered in the c'"acumitances of the Danish
Gataarnment, which is too poor to make compensation
to the proprietors. Tike Governor, acting on the ad-
vice of the Royal Family, proposes that the planters
should allow their slaves every Saturday, that they maN
be enabled to earn money to purchase their freedom.
It is proposed that. this act should be a voluntary act,
and that the planters should not he compelled to grant
their slavaa this privilege, and hence, thv ug sonic have
agreed au. the plan, the greater number v ill :lot consent,
unless forced-, saying that it is asking thew to give away
one-sixth of their estate without compensation ; never-
ass, those who have allowed their slaves the privilege
have indirectly acted on the neighbou.ing estates, for the
SkVeS, perceiving that those is their proximity did not
work, followed their example. So prevalent was the no-
tion that the Governor had actually papers from the
-new Kin to emancipate the slaves, that the latter in
faireat. numbers net him as lie landed and cheered Olin.
The plataters, as well as the slaves, arc in favour of
emaricipatien, but the former would have a compensa-
tioisband are on this account against allowing the Satur-
days An insurrection broke out at St. Thomas's, and the
Governor, though generally in favour of the slaves, ordered
this ringleader six lashes and imprisonment. Curious as it
may appear, the negroes side with their masters, con-
sidering the Government oppressive, for not paying the
ecerapensation, and some even spreading a foolish report
that the Governor has received the money and spent it.
Oa one estate the negroes, far from appreciating the
'Governor's kind exertions to get them their Saturday,
told bite that it was not one day in the week, but free-
dom, that they wanted.
The greatest caution has been taken to prevent deser-
tion from St. Thoseas's and St. John's to Tortola, since,
that being a British island, the blacks are free as soon
as they reach it. A Danish brig of war has been
stationed between St. John's and Tortola to inter-
cept flight, and her boat lately gave chase to another
beloeging to a free Negro who was taking to Tortola
a bemale and five male slaves. At first the boat's
crew bailed them, then fired over their heads, and
at last firing into them, wounded the woman and
one man, but all escaped to Tortola. The woman
has since died, and the Governor of Tortola has sent
to the Governor of the Danish isles to investigate the
affs:,r, as the negroes contend that they were fired on
when on British ground, and this is denied by the Danish
officers, A similar inquiry formerly took place at De-
merara, when some Dutch negroes got beyond the
bo.utadary river, wbiali was passed by their owners in the
hew. of pursuit. They were captured, but the English
%Iv &dared the seizure unlawful, on the principle that a
slava becomes free directly he touches British ground,
and the Dutch were obliged to send the biaeks to
Demerara.

it is estimated that there are about 20,000 slaves in
tl,c Danish islands, the average value of which, taking
oid and young together, would be about $lOO each.
Of the whole number, about one-third belong to the
King, as owner or mortgagee of estates. The expense
of emancipating the rest, according to the average,
would be about $1,200,000.

morning, and touched 109 in toe afternoon ; Danish
Stock was steady at 77 ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per
Cents. rallied from 4SI to 491, and the Five pct Cents.
obtained 97 to 97i.
The Railway Shares were all rather better. Great
Western brought 17 to 151. New 5:31. to 6 ; Birming-
ham New 211, and York and North Midland 19 prem. ;
Brighton Shares were at 11i ; Blackwell at 2 t, 24 ;
Manchester and Birmingham at 14 ; Eastern Counties
at 12i, and South Eastern and Dover at 17; discount.
lonian State Bank Shares were done at 4 discount.

HERALD.—The committee of deputies of the
joint-stock banks have issued a circular report of their
proceedings since the 4th of June last, when the general
meeting of deputies was held. This document commu-
micates nothing of any special novelty beyond the fact
of preparations for taking the field vigorously
in the ensuing Sessioa of Parliament. It was before
knew that the examination of Mr. Stuckey and Mr.
Gilbert on behalf of the banks was postponed till then, on
account, as Mr. Charles Wood, the Chairman of the
Bank Committee of the Commons' House, very fairly
stqted, of the length to which the examination of some
of the witnesses had extended, and the expediency
of bringing " towards a conclusion the evidence re-
nting to the Bank of England," rather than to
cornimence upon evidence ?elating to country
iaTues," in which, from the approaching termi-
mi:iation of the Session, little progress could of
course ba made. It might seem rather partial and in-
jurious to the joint-stock banks that the evidence so far,
tram taking part in which their advocates were ex-
cluded, should be prematurely published because of
coarse not, in a complete form. But we are inclined to
think the advantage of this in one respect will more
than compensate the prejudice, if any, which might re-
suE to their di•fivour by the publication of incomplete
Dr ex parte evidence. For now the whole of the body
will have the evidence before them in the most approved
form, and with ample time to digest and dissect it. The
lot:; amendments in the law of joint•stock banking with
espect to suing or prosecuting partners criminally are
_cferred to with satisfaction, The contemplated course
of future action is thus alluded to :

" With a vii.w to ascertain the Parliamentary
str-•ngth of the joint-stock banks, the Committee of
D putics viii teci oluiged if you will have the goodness
them to : names of any Members of Parliament

I cinay be Directors or shareholders in your bank,
!4;tu of any other Alembirs whom you know to be
c;:use ofj9int-stock banking.

" The Committee will also thank you to send them
the names and addresses of any persons whom you can
recfAnmend ry propc.' witnesses to be examined on be-
-11411 of the jniat-stock banks, before the Parliamentary
Cormittee at the commencement of the next session.
`• The Committee would also further impress upon
yoa the necessity of exp!ainiag to those Members of
Pe.ril:tawnt with whom you are acquainted, the true
prin'eiples on which the joint-stock banks are founded,
arid the present imperfect state of the lbw—of distri-
buting throst4tiout your district these publications that
cat,t4in thu best defence against the attacks of our op-
pr,noots—atil of ca•operati powerfully and persever-
atly Patiiamt rt.ary struggle in which we im:y be
conipelied to enfog,f."

POST.—Considerable quantities of speck are egain
finding their way from this country to the United
States, The Great Wutern took out 100,0001 in so-
N.,reiges, upon which a profit of about 3 per cent. will
be realised. There is hardly anything sh ppiog to
America. A drataq account is in the intervol esta-
hshcd on tnis side the miter by the sale of shares of
vdrious :trnis, to which may be added the proceeds of
an sni.pitimts to Europe of cotton, tobacco, 11 ur. and
oti:er produce, which are large.

SUN.—The rates for Ms or Exchange this afternoon
were not faveure.bie to the drawers Of bids on the Con-
tieetrt, t.hicn were negotiated at 13 8 on Hamburgh,
12 1 to 2on Ane,terdarn, 25f. 421 c. to 45e. en
I",e,s, 148 i to 149 on Frankfort, and !2 1 to i 2
ert Antwerp.
We are sorry to find that the domestiie exchanges of
America are likely to be kept in a fluctuating state by
the operalioes sit the United States in its endeavours
to Cetain the large amounts of specie required to liqui-
at4; btre interest falling due on the loans raised in Err-
eve,. It seems moot probable that many of the Post
No!,es., (see., wi l be renewed, as it would, we imagine,
be next to inapossib!e for the Bank to provide the ne-
cessary remittances in bullion. Mr. Jaudon, the agent
of the Bank, retorned to America a day or two since,
and will, of course, hove made the necessary arrange-
meets here for meeting all claims on him.
A,Jvices from Hungary of the 2.3 d ultimo, state that
lo nue in that quarter of the world thought a war pr 0,4141,,
,4141,, and that the Austrian Government was not
least preparation, either as regaried men
th,e - flier, which it is reasooable to inter
.tr stores, for any con
It
would do if it apprehended hostilities with any great

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS.

PROM THE MOKNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
( From the Morning Vironiele.)
The ratifications of the Convention of the 15th July,
between Turkey, Austria, Prussia, Russia, and Eng-
land, were yesterday exchanged at .the Foreigni•citie,.
The latest arrivals from Alexandria do ant reach to
the date of the expiration of the second ten days given
to MehemetAli ; but there is no reason to suppose that he
would not refuse to comply with the demand made upon
him. Assuming, then, that the P,lcha sets the allies at
defiance, means will undoubtedly be resorted to for
carrying the Convention into effect. That Mehemet
Ali alone has not the means of effectually resisting
the allies, will not for a moment be questioned. But
who can assist him ? The angry parivraphs in the
French papers would hi! intelligible, if Mehem.it
Ali were an independent vcreign, with whcm the
French Government could form an alliance. They
sneak as if he were an independent Sovereign. But
Mehemet AN himself does not lay claim to any
such independence. His constant language is, that he
is a good Mussulman—a dutiful suhject of the Porte ;
and even when he seized the Turkish fleet, the pretext
was the service which it would enable him to render to
the Sultan. The French Government has spoken uni-
formly of Mehemet Ali as a subject of the Porte. We
are utterly at a loss, then, to understand on what ground
the French Government can claim a right of interfe-
rence between the Porte and its own subject. Turkey
might, with equal justice, have claimed a right to inter-
fere in behalf of the Chouans of La Vendee. L9t us
suppose that the Sultan avails himself of the assistance
of some of his allies to land troops in Syria, and to
cover the operations of his forces by their fleets, the
French have not a shadow of title to object to this.
The language of the French journals is, therefore, ut-
terly irreconcileable with any recognised principle
of international law. Ail the fuming of the French
journals goes for nothing, if they are not prepared
to maintain that Mehemet Ali is an independent
Sovereign ; and not only have they never pretended
that he was, but the French Government has con.
stantly, in its public acts, considered him as a sub:3ct
of the Porte. The French are a powerful natinn ;
and it would be madness to question either their
very, their military skill, or the magnitude of tLir
resources. But in our times nations do not plur:
into war merely because they have large armies, a.

_ . .
can command great resources. A drunken Irishman in
a fair, may, impelled by the feeling of his suppos d
prowess, lay about him, to the right and left, without
cause or justification, But a great nation cannot rush
into war without grouuds of justification which at least
carry with them an appearance of reason. The
French Government cannot, without outraging all
received notions, rush into war with its neighbours
because it may have a partiality for, the Pacha of
Egypt. If the French have views on. Egypt, and
look on Mehemet Ali as merely a locum lenens for
themselves, that does not mend the matter,', but
makes it worse. No, France, after her solemn pledges
to maintain the integrity of the Turkish empire, cannot
in the face of Europe go to war to dismember it. She
might have been a party to the convention of the 15th
of July, but she refused to join the Four Powers, and
she was left out of the convention. This was her own
fault, and not that of the allies. She is no doubt dis-
sati,fied with herself, and casting about in all directions
to escape, as it were, from her uneasiness. But, because
she has committed a political mistake, or was actuated
by motives which cannot be avowed, she cannot tear
the seal from her bond and resort to arms to prevent
Turkey from reducing a rebellious subject, or the
allies of Turkey from aiding her in effecting that
object. The only justifiable ground for interference
on the part of France would be evidence of inten-
tion on the part of the allies to seek their own ag
grandizement under cover of affording aid to Turkey.
But if France attributes to Russia views on Constanti-
nople, in what manner can she connect the transport of
troops to Syria or Cyprus with the furtherance of these
views ? We are told, indeed, that Ibrahim Paella will
immediately march on Constantinople, and that this
will bring a Russian army into that capital. But those
who have paid most attention to the subject, doubt very
much the possibility of the advance of Ibrahim Pacha
on Constantinople. From the neighbourhood of Aleppo,
where his forces are, it is thirty days' march to
Constantinople. An army is not easily matched such-
a distance through a country like Turkey, in which
no preparations have been made for it ; and we
may, therefore, assume that, without striking a
blow, Ibrahim's army would, at the end of the
march, be reduced at least one half in numbers.
Should he experience a check at such a distance
from his resources, his army would disperse in all
directions. But let us suppose that he overcomes
the difficulties of the march, and reaches the neigh-
bourhood of Constantinople without having experienced
a check, the ruler of Egypt knows that the allies of the
Porte will be able to destroy his army. Why should
Mehemet Ali then attempt an enterprise, which, what-
ever the consequences in other respects, must be fatal to
him ? Is it supposed that he is fool enough to sacrifice
himself merely to embroil the powers of Europe with
each other ? These heroics arc not to the taste of the
crafty and selfish ruler of Egypt. We are therefore un-
able to discover any grounds which would afford to
France even a shadow of justification for opposing the
measures of the Porte and its allies, and we are
not in any apprehension of an European war. As
to the fortification of Paris and the other mea-
sures determined on by France, reflecting persons
discover in them indications of peace rather than
war. A city like Paris is not fortified in a few
weeks, and the estimated expense is no trifle. Were
war seriously contemplated, a brave nation of thirty-
four millions would hardly think of beginning by a large
expenditure for purposes not of immediate hostility, but
of defence at a distant period, should the result of the
war be so far unfavourable as to bring an enemy to the
capital. Views of this kind comport ill with the cha-
racter of a people like the French, who arc little dis-
posed to undervalue their own prowet•s, and who, if
seriously disposed to come to blows with their neigh-
bours, would do anything rather than cripple their pe-
cuniary resources by spending money on the fortifica-
tion of Paris. The common sense of the people in the
City led them to consider the fortification of Paris as in-
dicative of peace, and as a clever marmuvre of the Go-
vernment to gain an object which, in a calmer state of
the public mind, might hare experienced formidable oh-
, Etacles.

(From the Morning Herald.)
We published, exclusively, on Monday, the provi
slums of the quadruple treaty—a document of infinite
importance, at the present moment, in the influence
which it is calculated to (Amite on the prosperity of
Eugland, and on the peace of Europe. We regard
that treaty as the most discreditable to which England
has, for generations, perhaps, been a party. It involves,
virtually, a surrender to- Russia of some of those objects
of ambition to the attainment of which Russia has, for
a century pa,t, devoted all her sleepless energies. Rus-
sia is recogniz-d by this treaty as the protectress of
Turkey. Constantinople may soon be expected to be
garrisoned by a Russian array ; and this startling result
tali tack- place, with the full concurrence of Great Bri-
tain ?. While a Russian army, morcovix, shall occupy
the capital of Turkey, no British vessel of war may dare
to enter the Dardaneiles! And to this Or,grading arrange-
ment, Lard Palmerston has also given his assent
The preservation of the integrity of the Ottoman
empire is, of course, an object of deep interest to Eng-
land ; but it may be doubted whether the integrity of
the Ottoman empire can now be prestorved,excepting in
connection with the recognition of Mehemet Ali's su-
premacy. He is the real head of the Turkish empire.
Tue Sultan is a cipher. Turkey is hula better than a
dead carcase. The spirit of Mahoenedan supremacy
has settled in the camp of the Egyptian Pacha. If he
may not wield the sceptre of the Father of the Faithful,
Turkey must, we fear, be pronounced to be blotted
from the map of nations. If any monarch is fitted,
above ail others, to cheek the power of Russia, Mehe-
met Ali is that monarch. Lord Palmerston, however,
is of course eager to aid Russia in striking down our
natural ally—the most fo: midable enemy of our northern
antagonist. From the spirit of this quadruple treaty,
nothing but disgrace and loss can result to England.
It is difficult to limit even in fancy the possible opera-
tion of that treaty ; yet by no form of possibility can
England derive front it aught bat discredit and enduring
disaster.

votver.
The English Sto,As, generally, closed rather better
this afternoon, viz., Consn!s 84 to -a for money, an.{
SV7I a for the account. The New Thiee-and-a-Kilf
per Cents. were at 961 to and Exchequer Bills at

ss. premium.
principal business lone in the Foreign Stocks
in the early part of the clay was the balance accruing
from speculative, operationi, and when this was coin-
plotetl. with mere ease than had been anticipated, most
oFtht...ni shoWed a decided improvement in value.
Spanish Active Bonds, influenced,
,no doubt, in
Mrt by the news of Elpartcro declaration,
jumped from 001 to 2I it, and subsequently touched
to• Portuvuese New Frye per Ce.n...ts.
rose from ;3491 to 31i, and for the account went as high
; tho Three per Cents. were at 21i, and the
(s Bonds were heiozy at 68 ; Colombian Six per
Cents. were dull at '"11i to =11.3t, which is rather higher,
but :a.lcx:ean Six per Cents. to'r the account, owing to
the drt'-'adful state of anarchy into which the republic
appears LG have been tbrowo by the contentions of the
Federol ant: Centrarist parties, receded to 232, and
afterwards did_ pot rally above 249; Brazil Stock
dropped from 78 to 77 t Russian were at 105 in the 1

(From the Times.)
Our adversaries of the Ministerial press, though
forced by the uneasiness of the public to bestow some
space on that disgraceful agitation which they would
lain escape from noticing, show very little alacrity for
any direct defence of tine Government in its cowardly or
corrupt toleration of the attempt to sever Ireland from
Great Britain by a repeal of the Union, but keep their
noses on the ground to pick out some discrepancy or in-
firmity in the arguments of those who would presence
the integrity of the British dominions. The Times, of
course, is the chief object of their attack ; but their
efforts are more. pert than powerful. We are said
to have attempted in onr pope:. of Friday the
proof of these propositions :—first, that the priest-
hood is at the bottom of the repeal agitation ; se-
condly, that the repeal means separation and the dis-
memberment of the empire ; and, thirdly, that the
repeal agitation will in a few months become so for-
niidaw, as to constrain 'Ministers into a concess' ,o of
firstare
the
point,Lotion:
our v r
'tient is not only ein o-
the question. Not one of these three propositic s is •
•
quitc-aceuratcly
tsitt' 13: etdhe .
e As tSot S t aime e a
agitation, but that they are identified with it, head, bt. !y,

.rod tail. As to the second, we affirm) that whatever 1
the word " repeal" may meet; e.r be pietended to mean
the necessary consequences of the thing itself are sepa-
ration and dismemberment. And as to the third, there
is nothing further from our belief than that the ques-
tion will be conceded ;, that cbialiutiirhation of disgract
and weakneirs the British people will take cart
to prevent ; but what we do anticipate is, that
the Whig Administration, abandoning all resistance
as a Government, will take credit for liberality with
the O'Connellites by 'making repeal freedom o'
conscience question) end, like the other questions
the revoietinhary school, an open one. The journalist
who takes upon himself to m'sunderstand, and, whirl.
he finds more difficult, to answer us, discovers that our
evidence on one part of our case demolishes Aar evident,
on another. Thug, when we establish by the accession
of important members of the Berman Catholic Church,
?rum Priest Hughes to the Bishops of Meath and l)ro-
more, and from them to the Archbishop of Tuam, that
fact of co-operation by the priesthood which, before we
pub!ished it, was admitted by this caviller to b.
such as, if produced, would make " the matter
very serious indeed," we are told that our quo
tations from the letters of two of those Pre-

iates, however they may prove the co-operation o!
the priesthood, disprove cur other allegation of separa-
tion and dismemberment ; inasmuch as the Archbishop

ealis the seditious club he is entering the Loyal 13.10t.a
A,sociation ; and the Bishop of Dromore deelares hi,
object to be a domestic legislature under the sway of
he present Sovereign. We repeat, that separation
and dismemberment are the neces,,ary consequences 0,
repeal in the natural and irrepressible march of mischief
once !et loose ; and the manifestos of dignitaries who
affect to *make black white by giving it a fair name, and
trust to a miracle for preventing the natural conse-
quences of their own perilous acts, have no eff,ct upoi
our minds except to satisfy us tnat we are deeding wit
persons either very weak or very hypocritical
(From the Morning Advertiser.)

Matters are clearly approaching a crisis in the Eng-
lish Church. The mighty movement which is now tak.
ing pace in the Scottish Establishment, for the purpose
of purifying that establ-shment from the dross which th(.
.ibominations of patronage have mixed up with her fine
gold, cannot fail to accelerate the reform which is so
urgently needed in the episcopal system of this country.
We have of late heard a grrat deal respecting tht,
spiritual destitution which is to be found in Et gland
and Wales ; and, curiously enough, the strongest re
presentations which have been made on this subject,
have proceeded from the clergy them,,elves. It doc,

(lot scern to have occurred to thrill that, had th

Church done her duty, this spiritual destitution won',
not have existed, not, at any rate, to the extent to which.
it does exist. Had her clergy entered the sacerdotal
office from purely conscientious considerations ; had
they, in taking holy orders, been actuated by a sincere
desire to promote the spiritual interests of their country-
men ; had they laboured with the zeal which ought to
be evinced in the work of the Ministry by all who enter
that office; had they been so influenced, and so laboured,
there would not have been the frightful amount of spi-

ritual destitution in England and Wales to mourn over,

which there unhappily is ; and they would have been
clear of the awful condemnation which now hangs upon
them. But there are two kinds of spiritual destitution,
though the clergy never seem to imagine there is more
than one. Their ideas of spiritual destitution are
limited to the want of parish churches in particular
towns and districts of the country. It never occurs to
them that churches may be as plentiful as blackber-
ries, and yet the spiritual destitution be nearly as great
as if there were no churches at all. This may appear
paradoxical to some ; yet there is no contradiction in
it. If improper clergymen are placed in the pulvits of
these churches—and it is frightful to contemplate the
extent to which they arc so—men who neither preach
the Gospel nor anything like the Gospel, but a cold
cheerless system of ethics, not a whit better than is to
be met with in the writings of heathen moralists, or the
works of tnbelicvers in revelation—is it not as clear as
anything can be that spiritual destitution exists
in such cases to nearly the same extent as it there were
no churches or clergy at all ?
(From the Morning Post.)

The general apprehension of a war between this coun-
try and France slowly but certainly increases. Day
after day brings circumstances to light which seem to
render a collision more inevitable, and to throw more
difficulty in the way of adjustment and reconciliation.
And yet, after all, why should there be war ? Is
it because certain political arrangements have been
determined upon by England and her allies, so in-
jurious in the estimation of France that she will go
to war in order to thwart them? We believe that
this is not the case. We believe that the political
arrangements comprised in the treaty of the 15th of
July are not such as France wou:d deem it worth
while to prevent at the expense and risk of war.
We consider the arrangements contemplated in this

treaty so reasonable and so obviously necessary to the
balance of power in Europe, that France could not ven
Lure to oppose the common sense of mankind by making
war in order to hinder their accomplishment. Where,
then, is the fault which seems to render war almost in-
evitable ? What is it that appears almost to justify,
even in the estimation of the more moderate and reason-
able among the French people, the warlike demonstra•
Lions of their Government ? We have no hesitation in
avowing our opinion that the fault lies in the ve"y gross
mismanagement of our affairs by the Minister of the Fo-
reign Department. The policy of the treaty of the 15th of
July is worthy of approbation, and undoubtedly it is ap-
proved by the Conservative party in this country, how-
ever opposed that party may usually be to the policy of
the present Government. It is a coalition against the
revolutionary principle. It is a united determination to
curb the ambition of a revolutionary adventurer, and to

preserve from further demolition an old empire whose
existence is necessary or conducive to the stability and
peace of the European family of States. So far all
is as it should be ; and however France might feel that
a favourite project was somewhat thwarted by such an
arrangement, we see no reason to believe that she would
dream of using force to prevent it, if she had no other
ground of quarrel than the simple fact of this policy
having been adopted by the allied Powers without her
concurrence.

LAW INTELLICiENCEi

COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, &PT. 15.
IN RE ISAAC ISAACS.

NAVAL AND MILITARY INTEL

The bankrupt stilted that h'e is t Clothier in
Chatham, and although carrying on very extensive busi-
ness, he could neither read nor write. His liabilities
'Amounted to about 17,000/., and being unable to keep
Any books, his rffairs were necessarily in a very com-
plicated state.
Mr. Corominsione: lititnatv, on looking ever the
bankrupt's balance sheet, said that the several items
were very vague and unsatis!actory. He perceived such
entries as i 001. annually for travelling expenses, the same
sum under tho head of personal expenses, and 51. a
year for charity With qO/. for doctors' fees. He
thought it looked very like a manufactured balance
sheet, and made by guess work. There must be some
mode of verifying the more important items. He could
Jot look to the bankrupt's want of education, but shoult!
tbide by the law, and adjourn the case sine die ; but if
by any me ins the Court could be satisfied of the truth
11 the balance sheet, he would reel happy in grantiou
a certificate.

LIGENCE.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

%ge, was brought before the Lord Mayor, charged with
apparently about 12 years of
in the shop of Mr.
iavAinbwosy;olennamsiexdsi7hl:Yn:lkerehiefs,
Stuckey, hosier and glover, in Gracechurch-street.
The prisoner walked into the shop, asked to see
some braces, and contrived unperceived to deposit the
silk handkerchiefs within his trowsers, which were
nade wide at the top, no doubt to enable him to slip
in the stolen property with ease. The shopman, oh.
,crying that the little fellow's hands were employed,
gent round the counter, and caught him arranging the
oundle in his trowsers.

The Loan MAYon—Why, you are an old hand at
his work. Prisoner—No, my Lord. This here man
:the shopman) is a false witness.
It was stated that the pri,oner had no money about
iim to pay for braces.

WOOLWICH, SePT. 15.—ROYAL ARTILLEELY.—Se
cond Captain Sir H. Chamberlain, aim, Second Cap-
tain Hornby, and Lieutenant Innes, and about 90 men
of the two companies recently stationed at Ceylon, ar-
rived at 1-.2. o'clock on ilLn'day night at Woolwich, in
the Persia Esst Indiaman, and landed this (Tuesday)
forenoon in the Royal Arsenal. The officers and men
appeared in excellent health, notwithstanding their long
voyage, !rasing embarked at Ceylon on the Bth of May
last. The band of the regin-.ent were in wai..ing to re-
ceive them on getting on shore, and marched before
them to the garrison, where they were heartily welcomed
by the few of their old companions in arms who had
seen service with them on fist mer occasions.

The prisoner said that when he went into the shop
he had a shilling about him, but that he had been robbed
of it, so that, in fact, he ought to be the person to
complain.
The LORD MAYOR—You are a clever fellow, and
must go to the Central Criminal Court. Prisoner—
Depend upon it, I never took the handkerchiefs; I ne-
ver saw them before.—Ccmmitted fur tr)al.

A young man named Philip Isaacs, who frequents the
old clothes fair in Cutler-street, Hounsditch, was
charged with having committed an assault upon William
Jenkins, a boy messenger in the employment of the St.
Catherine's Dock Company, who own the extensive
~warehouses formerly the property of the East India
Company.
Notwithstanding the numerous complaints made
against the nuisance of Cutler-street, in which old
clothes sellers assemble, and afford a ready market for
stolen commodities, and stop up the access to the ware-
houses of the St. Catherine's Dock Company, whose
servants are sometimes actually obliged to fight their
may to and from the warehouses, the crowds of low
Jews and low Irish continue to fill the neighbourhood,
and increase the annoyance. There was, it seems, a
sort of abatement of the nuisance some time ago, in
consequence of the repeated complaints of the East
India Company, but after the warehouses got into other
hands, the polic.! system observed there, was relaxed,
and the clothes men had become intolerably audacious
and insolent.

In the present case the complainant was stated to
have been paping Cutler-street, upon the business of
his employers, and, without offering the least offence to
any body, to have received a violent blow in the face
from the defendant, whom he, however, contrived to
hold until he obtained assistance, notwithstanding a
most violent attack from the defendant, and the co-
operation of a crowd of the dealers.
The defendant said that the attack wns nothing but
a regular box;ng bout, in which the complainant did
his best, but happene4 to have the worst of it, and
then called to the police, and complained of being
assaulted.

In my last communication I stated that the Light-
ning had proceeded from WroWell to Sheerness to tow
the I:lonarch, 81 gun ship, to Chatham, hut it should
have ben the Formidable, 84 gun ship, the Lightning
was to tow, the Formidable beieg ordered round in con-
sequence of the shipwrights at Si:ccrnesa bring so occu-
pied upon other vessels, that they could not complete
her by the time she is required. The Formidable will
b., completed at Chatham with all possible despatch,
and she and the Monarch are two of the ten ships of
the line, which, it is said, are ordered to be brought for-
ward for immediate service.

It was distinctly proved that the complainant never
attempted to fight, and that the assault had been quite
unprovoked.

The defendant was ordered to find bail to appear a
the Sessions.

BOW-STREET.

The Locust, steam-vessel, launched from the Wool-
wich dockyard on the 10th of April last, is erdcred to
be fit.vd without delay for commis,ion.
The Lightning steam-yessel, Lieuten;.nt-Commander
R.N. Williams. left Woolwich yesterday for Chatham.
The Falmouth sailed from Plymouth on Friday for
Woolwich.

Henry Bur lett Francis apprentice to M:. Aldriige,
silversmith and jeweller, Northumberland-street, Strand,
was brought up in the custody of Cullen, 151 F, charged
with having in hi, possession a quantity of gold cut-
tings without giving a satisfactory account of them.
Mr. Wm Ellis, a silversmith, residing in Rise-street,
Covent-garden, stated that about nine o'clock on
Saturday morning the prisoner came to his shop, say-
ing that he was sent by his master, Mr. Robinson' to
offer the property produced, weighing five pennyweights,
for sale, and suspecting from his manner that he had
obtained it by dishonest means, he said he would send
for his master to inquire mote particularly into the
matter, but the prisoner said he was desired to bring it
back in case he did not want it. He, witness, then
offered to send his shopman with the prisoner to make
inquiries of his master, which he refused, and a con-
stable being sent for he was takep to the station-house.
The cons able said, that on questioning the prisoner
on the way to the station-house who his master was,
he said Mr. Smith, of Compton-street, which, upon
his making inquiry, was found to be untrue, for no per-
son of that name lived in the street.

The prisoner's father declared that it WAS his first
offence, and he hoped the prosecutor would not press
the charge, as the future prospects of his son would be

The /Etna receiving•ship. Lieutenant-Commander J.
Wilson, is to proceed to Sheerness when she has de-
livered the ordnance stores brougLt from San Sebas.
tian. She will leave Wooiwicb on Wednesday morning,
The bhearwater steam-vessel, Second Master John
Steane, having damaged her machinery, is ordered from
Plymouth to Woolwich to have her defects made good.
She left Woolwich only on the 28th of August with the
intention of proceeding to the West Indies.
The Alban ate ;m-vessel, Master John King, arrived
at Woolwich to-day (Tuesday) from Pembroke, hav-
ing disembarked Capta;n Gray, Lieutenant Meheux,
iind a detachment of the Woolwich division of Royal
Marines.
The officers and crew of the Meteor steam-vessel
were turned over to the Avon steam-vessel on Monday.
The Avon will leave Woolwich in a few days for Fal-
mouth.

ruined.

Mr. HALL said it was a case which ought to be sent
for trial, for had the prisoner taken the property to th_•
shop of any other than that of a respectable trades-
man, he would have repeated such offences, and there
would be no end to the robberies he might commit if
he could find a market for property so easily conveyed
away.
Mr. Aldridge proved that the prisoner had been at
work on the day before he was apprehended, cutting
and stamping up gold, and he had every opportunity
to take away such property as that produced. He has
been in his service about sixteen months, but he never
gave him any authority to dispose of property placed in
his bands to work at.

Mr. HALL--You will in all probability be teased, and
have your feelings worked upon by the friends of the
prisoner, which I know to be a common practice, to
keep back part of your evidence from the Grand Jury,
but as you have a pubic duty to perform, I trust you
will not allow yourself to be led away. The proper
time for you, should he be convicted, and that you wish
for a mitigation of punishment, is to draw the attention
of thy Judge to the case before sentence is passed.
The prisoner declined making any defence, and he
was fully committed for trial.

BRENTFIJRI) PETTY SESSION.‘?

NON-LIABILITY OF HUSBANDS TO MAINTAIN UN-
FAITHFUL WlVES.—Samuel Nichols, app,qtred hetore
the sitting; Magistrates, on summons, at the instance of
the offieers of the parish of Ealing, to show cause
why he neglected and refused to support his wife and
child, whereby they had become chargeable to that
parish.
Mr. Charles Allen, the assistant overseer of Ealing,
deposed to the wife and child of the defendant being
chargeable to that parish, and stated that they had been
inmates of tie union workhouse at Isleworth since the
2(1 instant. He then called
Rizahela Nichols, the wife of the defendant, who,
with ~ child in her arms apparently ah(att a twelvemonth
old, was in attendance, and deposed to her being with
the child in the union workhouse, and also that she bad
been separated from her husband upwards of two yei.rs.
The defendant, in answer to the charge, denied his
liability to support his wife, who had for months been
living in adultery with another man. And he could
choanfi
(Tiiti,i)eeandwt
ili swear
e,o,c
in
norna
nris,u,vn thateire during
%evsitltiihio-wnhsaelbr)
.sye absence from him he
to the Bench, after
several evasive answers, said she could not deny that
she had, during a portion of her absence from her hus-
band, lived with another man.
couTldhenoßt theum md eotn'esn. d a nI t
t
to support his wife, but must dismissclii "rens
eednreetcli)osfiaonondlailonefig'oaaTihyibgaliveirngCtolulte,ltahmallit example
was very hard upon the cofendant, but it was the
law, and they could not alter it, he must support
the child.

The Vivid and City of Dublin steam-vessels have
been surveyed and approved of for the mail-packet ser-
vice in the Mediterranean. These splendid, large, and
elegantly fitted-up vessels belong to the Oriental Steam
Navigation Company.
The Salamander steam vessel was taken into the
dry dock, opposite the the smiths' shop, in Woolwich
Dockyard, on Monday, to be examined, and presented
a most curious spectacle, the copper sheathing being in
many places covered to the extent of two feet with large
full-grown muscles, hanging like clusters of grapes to a
very tenacious kind of sea-weed, resembling the Indian
grass used for fishinr-lines. It will be requisite to in-
-1 :titutc some inquiry into the cause of this accumulation
of shells, as it is not above four years since she was exa-
mined before, and it is rare that such occurrences as
this take place upon copper. A number of hands ha-
ving been employed to serape off the shells, she will be
ready for sea in a few days, as she is required immedia-
tely for active service.
APPOINTMENTS.-- Commander Hastings Reginald
Henry (1830, to the Salamander, vine Davies, pro-
moted.
Lieutenant l'rederiel: Chevalier Syer (1828), from
the Salamander, to command the Comet, vice Gordon
promoted.

ANOTHER aoRRIBLE N ~,.
R. NEAR
KNUTSFORD.—It is with deep regret that we have to an-
nounce the perpetration of another foul muzder in this
county. The details, as far as they have
yet transpired,
-
will be found in the following communication :—.4 Knuts-
ford, Fr'day Night —lnformation has this moment reached
Knutsford, stating the fact of a dreadful murder having
been committed near Tarporley last night. The commu-
nication received was from Major Tomkinsen, a County
Magistrate, addressed to Mr. Burgess, the governor of
gation of the late murder at Peover t
mchtiiredfecronatstapiedoev,(b.re,iwngasonretihveenteevde
Knutsford prison, requesting him to send as speedily as
possible the person who bad been engaged in the investi-
thither.
but Mr. Harper, the
Ireland on business of im Kotance connected with the late
from
Mr. Burgess, therefore,punderiook in his absence to insti-
tute all pessikle inquiries. The particulars of this dreadful
affair were not stated further than that the murdered man
mseptrtoinegeedoi‘ntgagain to
bad been employed many years in the service of George
Wilbraham, Esq. , M. P. ; that last night he had been
waiting at the Sarin Inn, Tarporley, and on his way home
was barbarously murdered. His wife, who was waiting his
return, heard the report of a gun a short distance off His
not returning home caused her to proceed this morning in
the direction where the gun appeared to have been fired,
where, to her horror, she found the dead body of her hus-
band. The unfortunate man hi-,s left a wife and six chit-
dren."—Frona the Maclesfield Courier of Saturday.

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 18401

FROM LAST NIGHT'S GAZETTF.

At the Court at Windsor, the 11th day of Septernber,lB4o,
'resent,

The QUEEN'S Most Excellent Majesty in Council.
MIS o'oll Royal Highness Francis Albert Augustus Charles
Emanuel Mike ocact Prinee of Saxe Cohourg and Gotha,
Knight of the Most Noble Order of tfiti Oatter; wa,, by com-
mand of her Majesty, introduced into the Privy Cdtitail by
Right Honourable Lard John Russell, one of her Majestyl
Principal Secretaries iif State (in the absence of the Lord ('re-
sident of the Council); and his Royal Highness took his place
at the Board on her Majesty's right hand.
