:PRQ.CLAMATION TO THE BISCAYANS,

" NOBLE BLSCAYANS !—The bitter grief which
oppressed your hearts, at seeing your native land
threatened with the odious yoke of the inosi cruel
dayery,
,has at length broken_ through; the barriers
which the irresistable force of circumstances had

imposed upotryou : yes, your sufferings are now at
an end ; and-.a generous youth, full of holy ardour,
are flocking With eagerness to your standards.
You-called for ;Chiefs to command you ; and
you now see placed' at your head, men celebrated
for their talents' military knowledge, who Fill
conduti you as it were by the hand to vidory. The
creation of a 'presiding Junta, to dire& your oper,s-
- has been one of the principal objects of your
careful attention, • Here you' possess it, addressing
you in the language of truth.. . • •

" Inhabitants of Biscay ! cast your eyes back on
lqcgies which have passed, and you witt see yotir
fitice_svr§,,t one time repulsing the Carthaginlads-.;
at -alitithZsr,, destroying the: liosts'oi Rome : at one
p6riol liras granted to- them the honOurable distiuc.

,tiOpof serving in the'van of. the army,; at another,
the privilege of ditiAcilk,- jnitate, the glorious ex-
amples of your so worthy progenitors. •
Y‘ 'Yet knoW ttiat absolute subordination to your
Chief„Aad severity .of discipline, are the first of mar,.
•
• tial virtues, without which none can present them-
selves with the hOPe of success in the plains of lio-
nour. llre Junta promises-itself that you will post
Ts-grib7m in an'etninent degree.

" Let the unholy voice of party-passions for ever
disappear i'rOM among you; and_ et. the suggestions
of envy hold. no, sway in your bosoms; No; let a
perfect and indissoluble union reign among
Your interests are the- same—..thesentintents. which
animate you alike.ind the 4:ause which you., cIC•
fend, coininon. Will you, therefore, seek to turn
your 'force against your brethren ansi -col4lltfYillear-r
and to give the victory to your enemies? Verisly,so
disgraceful an idea ! Let •tip ;liberty ;and property of
individuals be most religiously respected, and Jet the

province cif Biscay preserve the purity of it, 4stotus,,

even in the midst Of the din of arrni.
" Blicayaiis ! The religion of your fati,)es, 4c,
cording to W-40tie holy waxiins you have been, edu'

cated—ipe Country to ‘‘, hit h yoll'uye your ex*l
ehce•-=the Lord us. Sovervigti) nic!, the Constitut..
Laws have prescribed ,ese ;Is

the important object, which claim your attention,
„and oblige you to march our to the glorious conflict.
Canl you bear to be. he victims of one man's ainbtd
tion. who has ondejvoured to enslave ail Europe ?
No ;, you were not born for slavery.
"'Hasten then to give the most undoubted proofs

of your valour and patriotism, and rely all the
:assist ce which the Junta can alford you. May
your temples be surrounded with laurels of victory,
and
yoUr name be immortal in the annals of Biscay •'D. MATHIAS lIERREKO PRI ETU.
IVIAN JOSEPH DE V ERMO.
D. FRACISCO BORIA URTADO 1)E CORCUERA'
D. JOSE XAVIER DE GOITIA,
Secretary at the Junta.
Bilboa, Aug. 6, ISA.
