COURT CIRCULAR.

The Duke and Prince GEORGI: of Cambridge, accom-
panied by the Landgravine of HassE Hostuuno, em-
barked, with their suites, at Ostend, at three o'clock on
Monday morning, on board the Lightning steam packet,
which conveyed the Royal party to Deptford, where their
Royal Highnesses landed about live o'clock on Monday
afternoon, and immediately proceeded with their suite in
six carriages to Cambridge House, Piccadilly, where every
thing was prepared for their Royal Highnesses' reception
although they were not expected till yesterday. About ten
o'clock the Duke of Cu311=1.41in, who had been entertain-
ing a party at dinner to meet Prince Auousrus of Prussia,
came from his residence in the King's Palace, St. James's,
and made his congratulations to his royal relatives on their
arrival.

TLe Princess AUMWA Caine to town yesterday morn-
ing from her residence at Progmore, and the Princess
S• 1411.1 from the King's Palace, at Kensington. The
Princesses went to Cambridge Nouse to congratulate the
landgrarine and tie Duke and Prince GEORGIE of Cam-
bridge on their return to England.
The Duke of CAMBRIDGE, accompanied by his son,
walked out yesterday, and visited the Duchess of CUMISTIt.
LAND, at the King's Palave, St. James's.
Between two and three o'clock the , Duke and Prince
GEORGE of Cambridge, the Landgravine of flussic Hoar..
area, the Princesses AUGUSTA and SorniA, partook of a
di/en/4 at Cambridge House.
About lour o'clock yesterday afternoon, the Lsndgravine,
the Princess AUGUSTA, the Duke and Princa Geoeuit of
Cambridge left town on a visit to their MAszants, at
Windsor. The Duke, Duchess, and Prince Grottos: of
Cumberland left town about the same time to dine with
the KING and Qualm.

The Duchess of Gr.oucEsrut is at present staying on a
visit to their MAJESTIES, in readiness to receive bee Royal
relatives.

The Duke of Wzt.t.lturoN left town yeiterday fur 'Wid-
mer Castle, Kent.

The French Charge d'Affaires transacted bthiness at the
Foreign Office on Monday.

GENERAL ELECTION.

ESSEX.—CIIELAISI,OIII), Aua. 10.

At the close of the day's poll, which was not till
six o'clock, the sheriff announced the state of the
poll to be--
Tyrell
Western.
Wellesley 1,499
Immense cheering and hisses attended the an-
nouncement of this poll.
Shortly before the poll was announced the respec-
tive candidates made their appearance at the hustings.
Messrs. Tyrell and Wellesley were received with
mixed hisses and applause. Mr. Western, however,
appeared to be received with general disapprobation
on all sides, and several mob-orators addresied him
respecting the line of conduct they presumed him
to have pursued.—(Cries of, " Have you not coa-
lesced with the Blues ?" " Have you not sold
the county ?" " Western, have you nothing to say
for yourself?" &c. were frequently repeated.)
On the announcement of the state of the poll,
Mr. WESTERN presented himself to the meeting,
and was received with immense uproar. He merely
thanked those voters who had given him their sup-
port, and he did not doubt finally to succeed through
their efforts. He concluded by saying something
which' we could not hear.

Colonel TYRELL was received with hisses, uproar,
and applause. He said, that by their kindness he
was agamplaced ut the head of the poll—( Cheers)
—and he tendered them his sincere and heartfelt
thanks. Much bad been said about coalition. tie
agreed with every thing that had fallen from Mr.
Western, with this exception, that he did not thank
the individual who had thrown stones at his head
the previous night.—(A laugh.) lie was prepared
to acknowledge that there was a coalition of opi-
nion. The intelligence of the county had decreed
that Mr. Western and he should be the sitting►
Members. With respect to shrinking from the
pulpit, his Hon. Opponent had a much better he-
reditary right than he to adopt that mode of speak-
ing; for, if he was rightly informed, his name for-
merly was Wesley, and not Wellesley.—(A laugh.)
But, in order that the freeholders might not have
the slightest suspicion of his orthodoxy, he had
changed his name.
Mr. WELLESLEY—The lion. Candidate who had
just addressed them had told them that he agreed
with Mr. Western in everything that he had said.
Now, Mr. W. had said he held them (the public in
front of the hustings) in sovereign contempt.—
(Great tumult and uproar, with loud cries of
"No I") He said, " Yes, yes !" What he wished
to ask that gentleman was, whether he coincided
with Mr. Western in that sentiment ?

Colonel TYRELL—Certainly tint. When be bad
made use of that expression, it was in allusion to
Mr.Western's declaration that there was no coalition.

Mr. WELLESLEY was sufficiently intelligent to be
able to read ; and when he read the state of the poll,
he read that the supporters of Tyrol! and Western
had voted together.—(Cheers.)—lf Col. Tyrell's
attack on his name meant anything, it meant that
he was a relation of the Dissenting Parson. If so,
he could not conceive u higher honour—(Loud
cheers)—for Wesley was not only one of the most
benignant of men, but one of the most able of theo-
logians. Taking away his schismatic feeling, there
was more morality to be found in his works than in
all the modern philosophers of the present day—
(Cheers)— and it was a remarkable feet, that the
great churchman, Paley, had borrowed consider-
ably from him. With regard to his (Mr. Wellesley's)
real descent, however, he would tell them what it
was. Captain Rock said that they were all de-
scended from grocers and shopkeepers, but the head
of the oldest branch of his family, Lord Wellesley,
said that they were descended from the Spanish
Kings; and his uncle, the Duke of 'Wellington, had
preferred taking his title from Somersetshire than
any foreign place or country.—(Cheers.)—lt was
his pride and his pleasure to reflect on these
things, and still more to remember that thirty years
ago his family had been poor, . and that they
were now rich by their own meritorious services.
When he had first come among them he was a
stranger—he was scoffed at by the Squirearchy;
but. like his old uncle, the Duke of Wellington, on
the day of battle he had thrown himself into their
squares and called on them to protect him.—
(Cheers.)—They had protected him ; and if Colonel
Tyrell bud the flattering unction to his breast, that
he was deterred or beguiled by the majority against
him, he knew him but little.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY then addressed the elec-
tors in an admirable speech, which the lateness of
the hour prevents our doing justice to. He said
that he looked upon the county of Essex as a close
borough, for the heeds of all the great families met
just before election time, and settled who should be
the Member, driving the yeomen voters like swine
before them. He had saved Malden from_ being a
close borough, and he was determined to do the
same for Essex,—(Cheers.)-,-This was the origin
of all the aristocratical hate that was displayed
against him, and be bud no doubt that the largest
subscription ever raised in the county would be one
for the purpose of burying him—they would all
send their carriages to follow his hearse—(Cheers
and laughter)—but it was the people with whom
the more arduous part of the task rested.
The Court was then dissolved till the following
day at nine o'clock.

KING OF THE FRENCH.

(From the Aforning Chronicle.)
TO THE EDITOR.

PARIS, AUG. S,

think we shall have peace! But believe
rue, that question depended on the voice of one
man—and that man was General Lafayette. If on
Friday night, when 1,200 of the bravest and most'
intelligent of the youth of Paris marched down to
the Chamber of Deputies to demand that there
should be no hereditary Peerage, and in fact no
• Chamber of Peers ; if, I say, at that moment Gen.
Lafayette bad said to those brave young men, " Yes,
my Mewls, we will have a Republic," before 24,
hours France would have been declared a Republic
by the people. I do not say by the Peers—by the
Deputies—by the Bankers—by the rich merchants,
or men of property ; but I do say by those who
effected this Revolution—that is to say, by the people.
And even yesterday, if in the Chamber of Deputies,
when Lafayette rose to address the House, when
there was the silence of death,' "and when-44d one
dared not to breathe till they had heard some few
‘verdS from this Republican hero—if then, Lafayette
had. said, " Gentlemen, I protest against your
proceeding. France shall have a Charter—but
shall not have a King." France would have
had no King, and France would have maintained
her position though millions should have been slain.
It is to General Lafayette that the Duke of Orleans
owes the Crown, witch to-morrow will be placcd
upon his head. The Royalists and Ultra-Royulists
were prepared to a man to support the Republican
party. " I um a Republican,' said the YOU of ri
Royalist Deputy in my hearing, on the Pont Louis
XVI. yesterday morning. " And your father, Sir ?"
I asked. The people regarded me with attention.
I said to there, " Gentlemen, this young Mini is the
son of M. —, a Royalist Deputy. Do him no
harm, for this is the reign of liberty—but do not
listen to his councils, for he would deceive you. He'
does not want a Republic, but anarchy." The young
num disappeared, and the mob dispersed.

The sittings of the Chambers yesterday will be
long remembered in France and the world. The
throne was declared vacant by the representatives of
the people, and they announced that no member of
the elder blanch of the House of Bourbon could sit
on the throne. Thus much for Legitimacy Ill!!!
Next of all, the Representatives of the people
made a Chartei—a Constitution for France ! Its
basis was that of the Charter given to France by
Louis XVIII.; but all that was Oligarchical or
Aristocratical was removed, and the people became
the founders of a new Government ! Thus much
for the Divine Right of Kings, Non-resistance, and
Paa•ive Obedience!! !

Next of all, the Representatives of the People
choose their King. They selected a Citizen 1 a
Prince who had formerly in a foreign land given
lessons in mathematics I to support with honour
and respectability his family They selected a
man who had fought for the liberties of his country
—who had always worn the national colours--who
was the father of u large family—who had lived and
spent his days amongst the people who now called
him to reign over them. 'I hey selected a man who,
from principle, was a friend of Civil and Religious
Liberty, and who was free from aristocratical pride
and vain: ostentation. They selected a man who
was charitable, a lover or scieoce, literature, and the
arts ; and who had granted a pension to the author
"La Marsailloise.' This was the triumph of the
Sovereignty of the people ! •
The Prince selected is the " King of the French,"
and not the King of France. Murk this. Note it
down in your memory. France belongs to French-
men, and not to her King I France, this land so
dear, this land of liberty and love ; France is no
longer a territory belonging to legitimate Princes—
but France belongs to Frenchmen—who will honour,
respect, and love a Constitutional King !
When the Deputation of the Chamber of Depu-
ties arrived at the house of the Duke of Oilcans,
they entered without form, and were received with-
out ceremony. Ile was surrounded by his wife and
children. They were his only guards. The people
were at the doors, and the doors were open ; but
the people respected the private dwelling of a citi-
zen, and did not enter to disturb the quiet harmony
of the family circle. The Deputies came in the
name of France to invite him to be King. They
said that a Constitutional Monarchy established by
the people appeared to the people to be the best Go-
vernment, and the people thought that the Duke
was the best citizen that they could select. What
was the reply of this princely and noble-minded citi-
zen? "Exempt from ambition, and habituated to
the life of peace, which I have led with my family,
I cannot conceal from you the sentiments which agi-
tate me at this moment; but there is one passion
which entirely predominates over all the rest, and
that is—the love of my country. I am fully im-
pressed with the duties which I owe to her, and I
will perform them." Ntible Prince! Virtuous
Patriot I Excellent Father I—and Honourable Man 1
May thy reign be more happy than thou craw thy-
self desire, and may France at length have the ques,
tion answered to her satisfaction, " When shall
Frenchmen be governed ?"

Last night vt:as the triumph of the sovereignty of
the people. M. Lafayette, whose grey hairs and
trembling limbs proclaim lie lengthened days, can
now descend to the tomb exulting and content.
Last night, when he beheld the vast multitudes of
applauding citizens confirming by their approbation
the choice which their Representatives had made,
he seized the hand of the Duke of Orleans, and said
"We have performed a good work. You are the
Chief we needed I This is the best of Republics! !"
I have no time before the courier leaves to dwell
further on the events of yesterday. I send you
abundance of Journals arid information. My his-
tory is advancing, but' I have not yet all my facts.
Let us have a large and spontaneous subscription for
the wounded and the widowed; and remember that
the battle which has been fought in France, is not
for this age, but for all ages—mot for this country,
but for all climes, and all men.—. Adieu.
Your, most obedient,
0. P. Q.

PARIS, AUGUST 7.

You can hardly conceive the universal alegrem.
The people shout, and dance and sing, and land
themselves and one another, till they almost turn the
sublime into the ridiculous; though I have some
doubts whether they are the individuals who beat
the Bourbons. Those who acted nobly, fought and
bled, and won liberty for themselves end their chit
rd reeonv,k a:n dm a sad tit nt
teaveerrs,a littlew o d
ahabooi)uliteepitesrzwebrealotrh,e,
and butcher's boys. Those who talk and boast now
are of a very different class; a class that held back
till the day was won, and then stepped in to reap
the credit and the nenefit. The whole defence,
from the first Imp. that wasvebrireaelkesnpvl.raperitteisotssmitart,elekli
post held by the Royal troops,
I
and executed last
heexreci
to t:ldts;ool:cleyuhrebyetortohywetilii etthlpalte. this
ciadwatelskastp:atiligibarkepnonarnftEeweutidthigie7.atiwo7., nllronwianotitlien
eziiscohfilefa,ribsiitton '
the
her
ot a
ft,
thk
ng
taionlus:t ii.tglohebtevitttLeee;rda tiLl bi:eByl urmheld bYl:melafnovtitii(ll:lgei dbe keen e. t windowslth rg
fotl:eit
delicate term, and this is the hest I can find) todtink

beer, and the richer to eat ices. All the bonbons in
the town must have been eaten up on that night.—
The gate of the Tuileries was guarded by a man with
bare arms, without coat or waistcoat; a strange, wild
looking substitute for the spruce sentry we have
been wont to see there. The people with their
arms slung over a brown coat—some without coat
at all—some with the tri-coloured ribands stream-
ing from a easquette, others with a neat cockade in
their Sunday hat, and others again in an enormous
fur cap stripped from some unfortunate garde royale
—seem to me to have a much more formidable ap-
pearance than regular troops. Their brown coats
seem to speak of things for which men fight longer
than for a soldier's pay and barrack room, 1 have
just been stopped by Colonel B— and your note.
My letter of the 28th, which you had received,
was, I believe, the one in which I was afraid to say
anything of what was passing. I remember that
had great difficulty to refrain from desiring you, if you
had any friendship for theßourbons,to send to Hartwell
to warn them to have MOMS swept :lad sheets aired,
but I thought if my letter should be detained in
consequence, you would be uneasy about us. But
though caution was necessary then,why in the world
should you send me on August 2, two lints and a
half as empty of all information or comment al if
the cannon of Prince Polignac still swept the Bout
levard des Italieris ? What have the people of
Paris fought and died for, if they and their's, and
the stranger within their gate, may not say and
hear, write and receive, what they will? The
English arc in high favour at present. The papers
are full of their courage and humanity; and, above
all, their enthusiasm for all that has been acted,
William the Fourth is in good name ~likewise,
They are delighted with his speech,. I. pray you
is coming ? I thought to stave seen him by
the first diligence after the Stith. What can he ha
doing ? Is he asleep ; or, peradventure, has begone,
a journey ? I thought he would have come with like
sword in one hand, and his pen in the other; to
watch over the bed (molar of his glorious country.
1 wanted to gain him over to a brilliant idea, which,
in my care for die public weal, has occurred to toe...
My plan is to make France a Republic, and the Duo.
d'Orleans President for life. If you, or he,. or
any body would come, I would prove to you.
at length that this would combine all that is
required by the present circumstances of
France. The party of the Duke of Orleans is
making great efforts. They placard Paris with.
Paul Louis Courier's good opinion of him, and'
stick up his genealogy in every street to prove that
lie is not descended from the Cspets, us if the
names of his grandfathers were of tiny sort of con-
sequence. Qui serf Dien son pays tea par 6.'inin
d'ayeux; and the Duke of Orleans is a ratan who
might serve his country if they only would not.
'flake hint into a grand Lama of Thibet. Butt they
grill.

What do you think of our settling ourselves here.
For my own part, I think Paris, us a place or resi!.
donee, is now perfection-r-guy, beautiful, and free.
But still I should be glad to be well assured
that there is to be no Iloly Allianee. I am,
curious to know the name of my new street
it was Rue do DIJC de ,Bourcholux,• which you
may be sure has already dibnopeatad. The Rue
d'Artois, close by.our house, is already Rue Lafitte.
and the Rue Chantereine, they say, is to have its.
Oneitllt appellation of Rue . des •-Victoires. •I have •
paid, at the bureau of the''Constilutiossed, two hurl. •
dred francs in aid of the "Ascription for the Wounded
and the widows and children of those who were
killed. Since writing the above, I have been as far
as the Rue Vivienne; there was a man crying a
newspaper for three sole, and as I bed much curio.
pity to see something of French twopenny trash, I,
took a moment when I thought nobody was look.
ing, end bought the second number of a jour.
nal just started, entitled La Voir du People.
It is well enough written, evidently by a man
of education--wait a la verile, c est fat pea
fort. And yet it is true. What 'is to ''be
dune, between the desirable and the prarticable 11 •
You never saw snch en inundation of carteattires
there is just now. There is a portntit of Ckgr/ett
dir par le grace de Dina' ex-roe de
which I must have for its exceeding likeness. Thera.
is another, in which he is holding .out hit cockedhat with a white cockade, and saying, Ayes Ot.'
(rune panvre avegule. I am afraid all thole on-,
fortunate people are taken. I hope and trust their
sentence will be banishment for life. I would have
no drop of blood, even of the most guilty, stain
this righteous cause. have you seen that the PUke
of Orleans has given it pension of 1,500 francs to
Rouget Delisle, the author of the " Ilytnne des
Nlarbeilloise ?"

(From the Times.)
PRIVATE CORRIISPONDENCE.
PARIS, Auo, 8.

One year has just elapsed since the fatal Illinistry of the
counter-revolution appeared in France s what hats become'
of that Ministry? What has become of that imprudent
and culpable Monarch who en precipitately burled it upon
a people who were submissive and tranquil, and whoei
wishes were limited to the preservation of whet the
verntuent designed to grant? The wretches, th'iy hare
fallen into the gulf, and they hast draped their matter
with them I But for a miracle the monarchy itself would
he nothing more than a mass of ruins! WWI + Clark.
X., with his family, was proceeding, under the protection
of the tai-coloured scarf, towards the pert fiout whence
they were about to depart, in order once more to seek a
retreat, a King if the Frerieh was elevated upon the
buckler, in the millet of the victorious but still mean.
guined capital. . .
Yesterday, at six o'clock in the evening, Louie Philippe
d'Orleans, t)uke of °deem, was ealuted with the title of
King. Public enthusiasm anticipated the official prosla.
'nation, which could not appear till after he had acdepted
and sworn to the contract which is to unite the Sovereign
to the nation. The immortal deliberation* of the Chamber
of Deputies which so happily. and conrageouttly took .thelead, and the responsibility of these great. event's,w.il
,110
preserved amongst all nations As the most precions reeord...
Grateful thanks are due, in the Am place, to thitt entail
band of generous Deputise, who, after the Welt., of
July, in the midst of musketry and grape-shot,
when there was every reason . expect the
triumph, momentary at least, of the Court, signed their
celebrated protest againtt the ordinances of the With ,of
July, in the very face of the scaffold *Melt they knew
bad been prepared for them. They merited "fresh citio
crowns, when, two days after.--calm in the midst of the'
toojust exasperation of the people-.-tliecussing eioollywhal
the public safety required, they provided a tettiporaroo,.,
*wawa for this great city, and made the Dram. of,gt-
leans Lieutenant.Generel of the kiegthme.
only to tan advantage of the victory pitted, entliteQ4e.
in a prudent manner, and ea an Imperishable harts, .thtt
liberties of the country, meddles definitively its ttretln ea'
to a popular Prince. We have sow likewise oomplemd,
our revolutioa of 1689 t that period of yonr-history has
now been repeated befitre our eyee, almost'sesme for *cone.
Like you, the French have excluded Charles sod his pot.
terity fur ever. The throne has been declared Vacant, tie
facto WI de jure r sad like your Pallaritent Of that
All party feelings have given way, and one Uniform
aeoprnfocdpihru,naletignuerheteCanlnteetin
eitEni
ctoeyfr. Deputies
.i ehratatuperovodireecdteido.nisora
atoiursolis
sentiment governs at this instant every mind. No nation
has ever before achieved more liberal Conquests; Lever has
there been an inetasee of a finer contest, never of a more
lohblariploplititirnettr tiiioourpludlesp:olit
of
hTeniheluwuen:EuCtrtetoiriteesuu, st.thlri tfut.littrileeellarlduritinlyneoiCtin:rilmettintrlaltitldlieeyierof.riffieoiets:Tritgetsiitlall'iroltallerdl'etl
not recapitulatebttaitei
beeartinelbesr,oubgehrtatftesenvyiudwthilaltsee them iitat
ht before lest
c(olhauyarrii:Jt.heoeru,
Turwnhial4heaisme.nhbi
on the propositions respecting the modifications of tl
very morn-
ing by M. Berard, Yesterday, at eight o'clock, the, de-
puties were at their post. At belf-past nine began the
most imposing (Invention. Every opinion epptereti to he
uttered with the most perfect liberty, and the. aentimtnts
of loyalty anti sorrowing attaehmeott expre"e4lsyM"
Hyde dtr Neuville towards the latter fetidly, were sincerely'
al,Ohooleil. But France must he saved, Every Itlciitirot
was ptiwiti or. At half-past five alt was completed ; slid
the Deputies, under the escort of a handsomeriatiott.el
guard, already formed at it were by enchant:tog% Ors"
needed in a body to the residents of the tientquint4ie-
neral of the kingdom. M. Lafitte, the Pre...if:onto( spa
Chamber, read to the Prisons that long rosolatien whia

had been adopted; The Duke de Orleans delivered a reply
full of excellent sentiMenti, Uttered with the accent of
sincerity; hut his enaiiiiim became so exquieite that he
Mid not refrain from tears. This Food Prince cur.
rounded by his noble and fine family. The admirab'e
Duchess and her excellent sister gave free scope to their
tears ; on their, countenaoces were depicted compassion
for their unhappy but eulpable relations,'and delight at the
(Ripley of the people* regard. The- Duke de Chartres,
his webers, due sisters,—this assembly of personages so
ioteseating and of so elevated a rank—at once charmed
• sod transported every heart.. The Prince, the Princesses,
the Deputies of the nation, blended together, gave
way in the most affecting manner to their over•
flowing feelings ; it was one and the same family re-
united after fearful perils, congratulating each other at
having escaped the frightful disaster. It is, in short, im-
possible for me to give an exact description of this scene,
of which the most skilful pencil could afford but a feeble
and imperfect sketch. Meanwhile, an innumerable throng
surrounded the Pidais Royal ; already were heard with-
out, the shouts of " Vice le Rol Vice la Reine / Vire
lss Famine Royale 1" which were repeated incessantly,
The Deputies. excited by the cry, united their acclamations
to those of the people, end the new King presented Mm-
self in the balcony of the Palace, surrounded by NI.
Lagtte,,General Lafayette, and the Deputies It is in vain
for me to attempt to describe the scene. The Queen, on
being called by the people, made her appearance in the
midst of her charming and numerous family, accompanied
b Mademoiselle d'Orleans. This noble and enchanting
plc ure 'teemed to intoxicate the people with delight. They
shouted, they stamped with jey ; they hugged each other
in testacy, and appeared to enjoy, in the transport of the
present, the anticipation of the future. The Duke de
Chartres war saluted as Prince Royal ; the Duke de Ne-
mours was by his side.
Last night the Peers assembled, and found their numbers
Amount to 193. They proclaimed their complete adherence
to the resolutions of the Chamber of Deputies, with the
exeeption of that which excludes the Poets created in the
reign of Charles X., on which it appeared to them that it
was not their province to pronounce, It is supposed that
tomorrow the Dike de Orleans will signify his acceptance,
and take the oath in the preseoce of the assembled Chambers.
Immediately after this the Royal Government will take its
swum, security will be restored to all minds, and business
will go on or usual.
It cannot be concealed that very active intrigues, se-
eonded by the blindness of certain young persons, brave
and intelligent, but not instructed by experience, have
thrown great impediments in the way of this astonishing
revolutiou. The phantom of a republic has been paraded
before us, attended by a great number of partisans. Most
difficult questions of policy have been thrown upon the
public arena. Struck with the grand figure of M. the
Lefeyette, in this repetition of the scenes of 1789, some
enthusiasts bad already raised for him the chair of Perth-
dent of an American republic. It was through all these
difficulties that the Deputies worked their way perse
leeringly towards the object they had in view, and which
they have attained. Internal peace seems sure, and
there is no reason to believe that external peace will be
disturber's
But the energy of the nation is on a par with any pus.
slide event. France is now one camp. National Guards
are everywhere forming with rapidity; the entire popu-
lation is arming, and the tri-coloured standard is floating
over their head* General Clam! Is appointed Cam-
mender-in-Chief of the army of Africa; this is an excel-
lent choice ; the old army bad few better general officers.
All the troops have assumed the national cockade.
It is rumoured that the city of Toulouse has declared
for Henry V., end that General Despinois, Commandant
at Nantes, has retired into La Vendio with a squadron of
cuiressiere. It is added, that the Count de la Potherie, a
Deputy, and formerly a Vendeau General, has already
formed an aggregation of troops at Segrais. But three
demonstrations need create nn uneasiness, and the intelli •
genet of recent events will ennu put a atop to them.
It is proper tot give you an idea of our present Govern-
ment. The Duke of Orleaas—wbore I shall net oesig,.
nate " King" till to-morrow—apparently holds frequent
councils, to which certain deputies are summoned. Those
who receive this honour most frequently are, AIM. Casimir
Pen ce, Lafitte, Sebastiani, Dania the elder, Ilignen, Du-
pont, Guizot, and Gerard. The four latter are provi-
sional commissioners of Ministerial departments.
More numerous convocations take place when the reso-
lutions are under consideration in which the Chambers are
to concur. 'rho city is administered by a municipal com-
mission, which for several days performed the functions
of a provisional government.
?hie is a fatillfaatiOn which is left to citizens so devoted ;
but such an authority is necessarily ephemeral. There
will Its, a &wattle change of the prefects, offietos of the
courts of koalas), and the magistrates, who were, generally
epeaking, so servile and corrupt under the old court. Al-
though the tribunal* have been vitiated by improper ap-
p?intments, there exists a desire to respect the grand prin.
ciple of the immovability of the judges. Shall we not
have reason to repent it? At all events, this deterinina.
zion 'thews' the spirit of order and constitutionality which
prevails. The public see with pleasure the re-appearance
tat military poets of thou officers who acquired so much
glory is our great wars.
A personage of rank, who has this moment left me, saw
King Charles X. and his tinnily at Yemeni!. The Prince
is in a state of deep despondency he says it is indeed a
severe trial to pass through, but he hopes to triumph at
last. The Dauphin has frequent and ridiculous fits, of
frenzy. The Daupitinees is in heavy affliction. The
Duchess de Ilerri seeks some resource in the versatility of
her character; she dresses sometimes as a man, her two
children sporting around her. People feel much for this
young Princess, who looks back upon her prosperous hours
with much regret. She was beloved on account of her
popular and accessible disposition; but she was wrong in
opening her saes to the political prejudice's with which
courtiers endeavoured to inspire her.
The journals leave little opportunity to amid secret anec-
dotes. However, I can present to you events according
to their aspect, and their relations with those known to
have preceded them, mid those which are likely to follow.
The post being now ro.estabdished, our correspondence will
be very regular, and of course interesting.
The theatres offer a very imposing spectacle. They
are crowded by the mob, Arid national Airs are sung with
a solemnity and applauded with transports common to the
boxes and the pit.
But what is wonderful, no plunder disgraced our great
day's work. The artisans have now laid by their vie.
torious arms, and lime returned to their occupations. It.

PARIS, Alllll/0 H.

The date of my letter reminds me that I write to you
on the anniversary of the accession of the Polignae Admi-
nistratims to this country. It is but a fortnight to-illy shire
them ordinttnom were lamed, the purposes of which have
been ea promptly unit so signally defeated. The toast ex-
traordinary revolution svhkth has yet beet recorded by the
pen of the historian has, within these fourteen day., been
begun and completed. A constitution has been prepared
by tite representatives of the French people, founded on
the broad basis of public liberty. That constitution has
been recognised by the hereditary chamber, and
meepterl by the Prince, who, under such favourable
auspices, has been raised to the proud station, by whatever
name the office fluty be dietinguiehed, of the Area meg buret.
of a free, a powerful, and a generous people.
If there bas been any differ/nee of opinion as to the
form of Government to be eettblielted et a moment when
the nation were free to choose ltr.tween a limited monarchy
and a republic, it halt only been among those, claims of so-
eiety whose opportunities cf appreciating the fitness or ap»
plicsbility of either system to the present eiteation of
France have been limited by youth and inesperienee on
the one hand, or by a wont of the necessary degree of pre-
Wire) knowledge and inforuittion on the other,
The student., fur instance, in the schools of law end wee
dicine, of whom there arc many thonientle in Parte, ate
almmt all, more or less, deeply tinged with republican
opitdons. For the last two day. the Courts and pessagee
leannecteol with the Chamber of Deplitiee have been crowded
with these youthful publiciets, in their anxiety to witness
sod, at tome have asserted, to overawe the importent deli-
Neatens with which the representetive Chatober have
itately twee rr upieil. A koie of an interesting nature,
Which 4114 Ow yesterday morning. At the Valais Royal, in
ettuseetunwe of these outlateiastic dernonetretiens in favour
of whet .war thought to be amential to publie 'then),' has
ihooutteobtontoo4t to. oi mituLtietted to tare by one ill the parties, imd I
Fsamw ya?, from the itulleattem it afrorde
of thtq menmotits 4tlitttlll4llol by Omura the
o are tench youth
m76111'7144 adirlsiltogos in point of
Wia,:rut"um altten
that, 14 pa held it throws on the pl.tie
forth
wo
moot call itlfuenxtlieenv, or rattier, es berme-
A nu_t_ „ Og of the Veatch.
..,em y43IAVI step, mfAt
the warmth with whieli tA)4,l4Plauoila fir
sentiment*, were yo.iirdsyerr hunt pods
and introdueml to the [Julie tiy )I,noirrat4i n Khios Royal,
Waiting them, informed his floyat
brought with hint a feW of his yotmetrienda,
*treed, with a smile, were all melee* republieem.*
wild doe, nut eurprite goo" tridiol ; sa

their age I, too, was a republican. I was a Girondist,
but never a Mantagnard."

.4 Cependant Itfonseigneur," interposed one of the
young; men, with some hesitation.

-The biontagnard® have done a great deal of mischief,
gentlemen," continued the Duke.

But," replied another of the party, " my father was
one of them."

" And so was mine," rejoined the Prince.
" We know very well." added the young man who bad
previously spoken, " that at present a republic is out of the
question ; but we wish at least to see our liberties secured
by sufficient guarantees."

" On that point," said the Duke, " we perfectly under-
stand each other."

On this the young republicans withdrew, expressing to
each other much less exalted opinions as to the nature and
supremacy of popular right than before their admission into
the presence of royalty. On descending the last steps of
the Palace, one of the most enthusiastic of their number
observed to his companions, " Eh hien, Mel mi., Le Prince
est Ito brave bornme; lest on 221."

The Journals will, of course, have acquainted you with
all that yraterday took place in the Chamber of Peers
and the Chamber of Deputies. In the evening, I suc-
ceeded in securing a place which overlooked the Cour
d'Honneur of the Patais Royal, and commanded a satis-
factory view of the interior of the principal salon at the
moment when, the Deputies with their Vice-President,
Lafitte, and the veteran Lafayette at their head, were re-
ceived by the Prince, to offer him the new Constitution
for his acceptance. The windows of the whole suite of
rooms were thrown open, and the singular facilities pre-
rented by the interior of this princely residence afforded
the citizens at large an opportunity of witnessing the molt
interesting ceremony which the annals of France or the
world has recorded.

After embracing the President of the Chamber, the
Prince addressed him in the following terms
receive the declaration you present to me with pro-
found emotion. I regard it as the expression of the na-
tional will, and it appears to me to be framed in confor-
mity with the political principles I have all my life professed.
" Filled with recollections which have always made me
wish that I might never be called to mount the throne,
exempt front ambition, and accustomed to the peaceful life
I
which I lead in the midst of my family, cannot conceal
from you the feelings with which my mind is agituted in
this great conjuncture. But there is one which predo.
tninatet—k is the love of my country. I feel what it pre-
Nel ibes to me, and I shall obey its impulse."
This answer was immediately announced to the thou-
sands; assembled in the courts of the Palace. The new
King then walked out, supported by Lsfitte and Lafayette,
on the principal balcony, amidst the deafening shouts of
Vive le Roil Vice la Heine! Vivo lii Famine Royale l—
and Lafayette, with snore of republican freedom titan of
courtly etiquette, seizing the King by the arm, exclaimed,
" Voila le Prince qu' it me fallait ; east lu meilleuredes
republiques." The Queen and the Princesses were after-
wards led out on the balcony, and presented to the people,
by whom they were received with similar demonstrations
of respect and attachment.
The only point on which the two Chambers did nut
concur in framing the new Constitution was that which
declared the nullity of all those Peerages created during
the reign of Charles X. This of course is a point in which
the feelings and interests of every member of the Upper
Chamber were so deeply involved, that they were forbidden
at once by delicacy and decorum even to enter upon its dis-
cussion. They have avoided the difficulty by throwing
the decision on the wisdom and prudence of the newly-
elected Prince. As to the Chamber of Deputies, the rela-
tive position of the different sections into which it was for-
merly divided, the sentiments they have evinced, and the
principles they have supported on the present emergency,
will hereafter afford an interesting and fruitful subject of
reflection. The extreme gauche has naturally been faith-
ful to tittle opinions in Ilivour of what we would call re-
dical reform by which it has always been distinguished.
The alterations required by the two centres of the Chem.
her, on the principles required by the charter of Louis
XVIII., were much less considerable either in number or
importance. But the cote drat, diminished in numbers
to some never or eight individuate, was placed in a very
trying and dill cult situation. The conduct, however, of
M. Hyde de Neuville, in this embarrassing predicament,
has been the subject of universal observation and applause.
fie frankly avowed hie approbation of the prudence
evinced by the Chamber, in adopting the resolution of
Living the country by placing it its the hands of a Prince
who alone mos capuble of reselling it limn its present ditfi-
cultie., and providing for its future prosperity; but as for
him, he declared that he would remain faithful to misfor-
tune!

Another of this little band, M. lierryer, who was so
lately an aspirant to the 'immure and perils of power, al.
though he affected to concur in the views of M. Hyde de
&ovine, was unable to conceal his readiness to participate
in the good things at the disposal of the new Government;
and although covered with a profusion of oratorical
flourishes, left every oue impressed with the conviction,
that what they had heard was much more the result of
forensic dexterity thou of genuine sentiment.
Charles X. and his family are proceeding towards the
coast at the very moderate rate of seven or eight leagues
a day. From this it may be inferred that be is either un-
decided as to his ulterior destination, or that lie is re-
luctant to abandon the soil by which he is repudiated.
His Swiss Guards, I have just learned, are already on their
march to the frontier, to be taught, it Is to be hoped, on
their return among their brave countrymen, that the de.
spotic system, in the support of which they have lately
been called upon to draw their swords, can never be main-
taint(' by the urine of mercenaries, however faithful to
their engagements, and however courageous in the day of
battle, in opposition to the wishes of a united people,
revolved to conquer their liberties, or to perish iu the
struggle.

fliiive seen it stated in a letter from Itiorhilian, that
General Laboessiere is endeavouring to assemble a body of
troops, or rather to form a rallying point, for such as re-
main faithful to the cause of the Carts in that part of
Hritteny. It appears also from the :Nitrates Journal, that
General Despenois has fled towards La Vend.le with a few
stragglers of. his regiment. In the present attitude of
Fiance, I need scarcely ray that these movements excite
no alarm in the capital. On the contrary, as the vacilla-
tion of Charles X. at Itambouillet had only the effect of
teaching men of all shades of opinion the necessity of
abating sorne portion of their own sentiments, in order by
a more perfect union to secure the great object which was
common to all, and of producing that extraordinary ex-
pedition under the command of General which
forms so singular an episode in the history of this revolu-
tion, so it may be inferred, that such instances of re-
action as those which ere threatened in Ilritanny and La
'Vendite will only tend to consolidate the power of the new
Government, and put those individuals to silence who
might otherwise have been induced to express their feel-
ing* of discontent. L.

FRANCE.

CHAMBER OP PEEltS.—Sirrmo or Auu. 7,

The Preehlent took the chair at two o'clock.

The Chamber proceeded to the organization of ha
bureaus by the nomination of Pritoidenta and Seoretariea
for each of them, at well as to the formation of the Peti-
tion Committee.

The witting
.war then adjourned till nine &clock, when

it was resumed, There were 114 Peers present.
The Chamber received a communication of the decla-
ration adopted by the Chamber of Deputies in its sitting
of this day, upon which a discussion took place.
M. de cludeaubrisend said—The declaration brought to
this Chamber is much lees complicated with respect to me
than to those who profess an opinion different from mine.
We fact in the deelaration predominates in my eyes over
every other, or rather supersedes them. Were we under
a reeler order of things, I should doubtless
carefully
examine the change* proposed in the Charter. Many of
theft changes had been proposed by myself. I am, how-
ever, aetonished that the re-uctionary measure respecting
the Peers created by Charles X. should be proposed to this
Chamber. . I cannot be suspected of any liking for these
botches, and you know that 1 combated even the menace
of them ; but to render us the judges of our colleagues—
us ewe horn the list of Peers whom we please, whenever
we happen to be the stronger party, too much resembles
a proscription. le it wished to suppress the peerage ? So
be it. Setter lose life than beg for it. I reproach my-
self fur these few words on a point which, important as
it is, disappears amidst the greatness of the event.
prince is withouta guide, and I am called upon to cone
sider what ought to be added to or taken front the made
of a VetiA which bee lost its Iselin. I lay aside, then,
every thing which is of a eterardary interest in the de-
eleration of the elective chamber, and fixing, on the single
fact annonnced, the vacancy of the throne, I advance
straight to the object,
A previous question ought to be discussed : if the throne
be vacant, we are free to chose the form of our govern-
ment, Wore offering the Crown to any individual, it is
proper to ascertein into what kind of political order we
*lipoid tonstitute the social order. Sisal! we establish a
republic or a new monarchy ?
Oberi a republic or a new monarchy offer Prance sufii-
-16441 guaraakv4 for durability, strength, anti tranquillity ?1

A republic would, in the first place, raise against it the
recollections of the republic. These recollections are not
effaced. The time is not yet forgotten when death walked
between liberty and equality, supported by their arms.
When you are plunged into a new anarchy, can you re-
animate on his rock the Hercules who was alone capable
of strangling the monster? Of these lofty characters
history contains same five or six : in another thousand
years your posterity may seer another Napoleon; you must
not expect it.
in the existing state of our manners, and in our rela-
tions with surrounding States, a republic does not appear
to mepracticable. The first difficulty is to bring French-
men to an unanimous vote upon the subject. What right
has the population of Paris to constrain the population of
Marseilles, or of any other place, to adopt a republic? Is
there to be a single republic, or are we to have twenty or
or thirty republics? Are they to be federative or hole-
pendent? Suppose we have a single republic, do you
imagine that a President, let him be ever so grave, re-
spectable, or able, would be a year at the head of affairs
without wishing to retire? 111-protected by the laws,
insulted hourly by secret rivals and by factious agents, he
would possess neither the dignity requisite to treat with
Foreign Governments, nor the power necessary to the
maintenance of internal order.

I pass to a monarchy. A King named by the Cham-
bers, or elected by the people, will always be a novelty.
Suppose the object sought be liberty,—the liberty of the
Press; every new monarchy will be forced, sooner or
later, to gag this liberty. Could Napoleon himself admit
it ? Offspring of our misfortunes, and the slave of our
glory, the liberty of the Press lives in surety only under
a government whose roots are deeply fixed. Will not a
monarchy which has been the bastard of a sanguinary
night, have nothing to dread from the independence of
the opinions of the Press? If one can preach up a re-
public, and another some other system, do you not fear
to be soon obliged to have recourse to laws of exception,
in spite of the eight words expunged from the eighth ar-
ticle of the Charter? Then, 0 friends of regulated li.
berty,what will you have gained by your proposed change?
You will rink of necessity into a republic, or into legal
slavery. The monarchy will be overwhelmed and swept
away by the torrent of democratical laws, or the Monarch
by the operition of factions.
1 exhibit to you only some of the inconveniences attend-
ing the formation of a republic or of a new monarchy.
If either has its perils, their remains a third course.
There never was a snore just and snore heroic existence
than that of the people of Paris. They did not rise
against the law, but in support of the law. So long as
the social compact remained inviolate, the people were
patient. But when a conspiracy of fools and hypocrites
WWI suddenly revealed, when the terror of the chateau,
organised by eunuchs, was to replace the terror of the re-
public and the iron yoke of the empire, then the people
exerted their understanding and their courage; and it was
found that these shopkeepers could breathe the smoke of
gunpowder, and it required more than five soldiers and is
corporal to remove them. A century could not have so
matured the destinies of a people, as the three last suns
which have shone upon France.
Charles X. and his son are dethroned, or have abdi-
cated, as you please ; but the throne is not vacant. After
them comes a child. Is his innocence to be condemned ?
What blood now cries out against him? Will you dare to
say it is that of his father ? This tender orphan, edu-
cated in the schools of his country—in the love of consti-
tutional government, and in the ideas of the age—might
have become a King in relation with the wants of futurity.
It is to the guardian of his minority that the oath you are
about to vote upon should be sworn. The present, the
actual King, should be the Duke of Orleans, Regent of
the Kingdom.

It is through no sentimental devotion, or nursery•affec.
thin transmitted from the cradle of St. Louie to that of
the young Henry, that 1 plead this cause. lam no be.
liever in the creed of the right divine of Royalty ; I be-
lieve in the power of revolutions and of facts. Ido not
even invoke the charter; I take my ideal from a higher
source ; I draw them from the philosophical sphere—from
the epoch when my life expires. I propose the Duke of
Bordeaux solely as a necessity for a better alloy than that
on which we are ergo*.
I know that by removing this infant, the object is to
establish the principle of the sovereignty of the people,
that contemptible nonsense of the old school, which proves
that, in respect to polities, our old democrats have net
made more progress than the veterans of Royalty. No
where is there absolute sovereignty ; liberty does not flow
from political right, al was supposed in the 18th century ;
it springs from natural right, and therefore exists under all
forms of government : so that a monarchy may be free and
much more free than a republic. But this is neither the
time nor the place for a course of politics.
I shall content myself with observing, that when the
people dispose of thrones, they also often dispose of
their liberty. The principle of hereditary monarchy, ab-
surd as it is at first sight, has been recognized in practice
as preferable to the principle of elective monarchy. The
reason is so palpable, that 1 need not explain it. You
choose a King today. What will prevent you from
choosing one tomorrow? The law, you will say—the
law ! Ah ! but you are the makers of the law I There
is still a plainer way of putting the question. We will no
longer have the elder branch of the Bourbons. But why ?
Because we are victorons : we have triumphed in a just
and sacred cause, and we exercise a double right of con-
quest. Well, you proclaim the sovereignty of force,—
Theo take good care of that force, for if it escape from
you in a few months ye.; will have no right to complain.
But though I were to stir the dim of 55 Capets, I could
not draw an argument from it which would be listened to.
The idolatry of a name is abolished. The monarchy is no
longer a religion ; but it is a political form preferable at
this moment to every other, because it best introduces
order into liberty. An unsuccessful Cassandra, I have
sufficiently fatigued the Throne and the Peerage with my
disdained advice. I can new only sit down on the ruins
of a shipwreck which I have so often foretold. I give to
misfortune every sort of power except that of releasing
me from my oaths of fidelity. lam bound also to make
my life consistent. After all that I have done, said, and
written for the Bourbons, I should be the basest of wretches
if I renounced them at the very moment when they are
for the third and last time going into exile.
Fear I leave to those generous Royalists who have never
sacrificed a farthing or a place to their loyalty—to those
champions of the throne and the altar who lately called
me renegade, apostate, and revolutionist. Pious libellers,
the renegade appeals to you! Come and join me, just
to stammer out a word, a single word, for the unfortunate
master who loaded you with favours, rind whom you have
undone. Instigators of coups ttstat, preachers of the
Royal constituent power, where are you now 7 Your pre.
sent silence is worthy of your past language. What !
those Preux Chevaliers whose meditated exploits have
made the descendants of Henry IV. he driven away with
pitchforks, now tremble crouching under the tricoloured
cockade. This is quite natural. The noble colours with
which they decorate themselves protect their persons, but
do not conceal their infamy.
In thus frankly expressing my opinion, I do not con-
ceive that lam performing all act of heroism. We have
nothing to fear from a people whose judgment and courage
are equal, nor from the generous youth whom I admire,
with whom I sympathise with all my soul, and to whom,
as to my country, I wick honour, and glory, and liberty-
Had I the right to dispose of a crown, I would willingly
lay it at the feet of the Duke of Orleans. But I see no
vacancy, except that of a tomb at St. Denis, and not a
throne. Whatever destiny may await the Lieutenant..
General of the Kingdom, I shall never lie his enemy, if he
makes ray country happy. I ask only to retain the liberty. of my conscience, and the right of going to die wherever
I may find independence and repose. 1 vote against the
declaration.
'this speech was listened to with the most respectful at.
tendon; notwithstanding the diversity of opinion, it wets
universally admired,
Count D'Audelot, one of the f 36 Peers appointed in
1827, resigned his Peerage, after a short speech, full of
noble sentimeate.
His example was followed by M. de %Mlle, lkt, Roc.
quart, and M. Grosbois.

CHAMBER or DEPUTIES.
FUILT/lIEN OXTAILS OF TITS SITTING O) THIt 7rn.
After the speech of 111. Alexander de Laborde, given in
The Sun of yesterday,
M. Arthur do la Dourdonnale—More than any other, I
mourn the broken racial compact, but this is not a reason
that Its fragments should be trampled under our feet. If
it is to be reformed or modified, It can only be done by
the three powers united.—(lnterroption.)—lf the discus-
bi„, is to he conducted in this manner, the Chattiber will
not be astonished at our silence, and remaining immovable
upon our aeate.—(Several voices, " Be it es you please.")
The President then read the first paragraph of the report.
Podetnot proposed the following amendment.—
" The throne is vacant in consequence of the violatiou of
the Charter and the laws." The Hon, Deputy, in p-
porting this proposition, drew a striking ineture ofsu the
events which had led to the fell of the ex-King, who, he
mild, was the worthy heir of Charles IX.`e ferocity, end
had nut the courage to show himself in the hour of danger.
Martignae—My intention was not to have spoken a
word in this preparatory debate ; but I declare, that when
I coked toy conscience it did not Overlie 4 ClM' reply, I

feel the neceuity of snail heard, fora family plunged in
misfortune, that voice which forbade it to go to the extent
of its power before. I cannot hear, without a lively feeling
of pain, the words which no doubt escaped the last speaker.
Ali, gentlemen, I, who knew this Prince intimately, cannot
hear him accused of ferocity without indignation.—(A
great commotion on the gauche : " Good ! good !")
M. Alartignae—No, gentlemen, this man was not fero-
cious, lie was deceived !
Several voices—" Ah ah !"
M. Martignac (with warmth)—lt is not his heart
which dictated these infamous Ordinances. They are the
work of those perfidious Councillors whom I abandon to
you. Let not your indignation be raised at him. Ah !
believe me, gentlemen, believe me, I, who have lived in
intimacy with him, the love of his country warmed his
heart..—(Murmurs at the extreme gauche.)
Several voices—" Silence, silence !"
M. Martignac—l am not astonished at the really heroic
resistance which has bees provoked by these infamous Or-
dinances (for I do not hesitate to call them so), but I ask
again, when power is humbled, should such words be
heard as will give additional pangs to a heart already
crushed by misfortune? Ido not know, gentlemen, if I
have followed the rules of prudence and moderation,—
(" Oh ! Oh !") It is my heart that speaks.
M. Bernard ascended the tribune in haste. (Deep
silence.) You have all applauded what M. de Martignac
has just said. In France the defence of misfortune will
always be heard with favour ; but, on the other hand, we
could not hear with apathy that the heart of Charles was
warmed with the sacred fire of the love of his country,—
The sceptre was in his hands the signal of protection. He
broke it on his people. No; he never had the love of his
country at heart.—(Prolonged cheers.)
M. Alexis de Noailles—l support what M. Martignac
has said, and will mention one fact. When it was pro-
posed to revoke the ordinances which had been the cause
of the carnage, you all know, gentlemen, who replied, and
took the 'cults upon himself; it was not the Sovereign--
it was the Minister.
Numerous voices—" Oh, ho I what a subterfuge !"
The first paragraph was adopted. It runs thut :
" The Chamber of Deputies, taking into consideration
the imperious necessity which results from the events of
July 26, 27, 28, and 29, and regarding the situation in
which France is placed at the end of the violation of the
constitutional charter; considering, besides, that the con-
sequence of this violation, and the heroic resistance of
the citizens of Paris, his Majesty King Charles X., Louis
Antoine, his son, and all the members of the eldest branch
of the Bourbons, leave the territory, declare that the
throne is vacant in fact and in law (en felt et en droit),
and that it is indispensably necessary that it should be pro-
vided for."
M. Persil proposed, by way of amendment, to declare
that " The sovereignty belongs to the nation : it is ina-
lienable and imprescriptible."
The President observed that this provision was cam-
prised in this paragraph :—" The Chamber of Deputies
declares, that, according to the wish and in the interest
of the French people, the preamble of the constitutional
Charter is suppressed as injurious to the national dignity,
by appearing to grant to the French people rights which
essentially belong to them."
The sixth Article was then discussed, which concerned
the support of the Ministers of the Catholic religion,which
is that of the majority of Frenchmen.
M. Viennet--In the number of Frenchmen are in-
elided 150,000 Israelites, citizens like ourselves; like us
they are allowed to render homage to the Sovereign, and
they defend their country and liberty ; it is an odious pre-
judice which excludes them. I therefore demand that
the article be thus amended :—" The ministers of every
form of worship, legally recognised, shall be supported
by the public treasury."
A very smart conversation ensued, which terminated in
the adoption of an amendment by M. Marachall, which
renders the article as follows:-
4' The ministers of the Catholic Apostolic and Roman
religion professed by the majority of Frenchmen, together
with those of other Christian doctrines, shall be supported
at the public expence."
Oa article 8 of the Charter, relating to the Press,
M. Devaux proposed to add--" That the Censorship of
the Press can never be established."
After a short and animated discussion, Article 8 of the
Charter was voted unanimously, with the following
amendment :

" Frenchmen have the right of publishing and printing
their opinions in configniity with the laws.
" The Censorship shall never be re-established."
The discussion of Article 14, regulating the Royal pre-
rogative, followed, which, as settled by the Commission,
ran as follows :
" The King is the supreme head of the state, and com-
mands the forces by sea and land ; makes treaties of peace,
alliance, and commerce; nominates to all public employ..
moots, and forms the regulations and ordinances ne-
cessary file the execution of the laws, without the power
either to suspend the laws themselves or to dispense with
their execution."
M. Jacquerninot proposed the following additions! Ar-
ticle, which was immediately adopted by acclamation:—
" Nevertheless, no foreign troops can ever he admitted
into the service of the state without an express law."
111. Devour proposed to add to the Article, " Without
power either to suspend or interpret the laws," which
amendment, and another which proposed to submit trea-
ties of peace and decl►rations of war to the two Chambers,
were rejected, and the article as proposed by the Com-
mission adopted.
M. Jirequeminot proposed, that from Article 15, de.
elating that " the legislative power is collectively exercised
by the King, the Chamber of Peers and the Chamber of
Deputies of Departments," the words " of Departments"
be omitted, which amendment was carried.
Articles 16 and 17, ordaining that the King shall pro-
pose the laws to the two Chambers, but that all taxes
must he first proposed by the Deputies, were adopted with-
out discussion.
The Commission proposed the suppression of the Ar-
ticles 19, 20, and 21, when
Berryer observed, that one of these Articles ought
to be preserved. and thus modified his amendment, which
was unanimously adopted
" If a proposition for a law has been rejected by one
of the three estates, it cannot be reproduced in the same
Session."

Article 26, as proposed by the Commission, is thus
conceived ;

" Every assembly of the Chamber of Peers, which shall
be held at any period when the Chamber of Deputies is
not sitting, is null and without effect, except only when it
is assembled as a Court of Justice, and then it can only
exercise its judicial functions."
This Article was adopted.
Article 30—" That Princes of the blood are Peers by
right" Was adopted; and
Article 31, which allowed them to sit only by leave of
the King, suppressed.
Article 82,
ordaining the publicity of the debates in the
Chamber of Peers as in that of the Deputies, was unani.
mously adopted.
Article 88 of the Commission is thus conceived;.,.
No Deputy can he admitted into the Chamber who is,
not of the age of 80, and uniting to that qualifications re-
quired by the law."

M. Villen7ainpressed to fix the age of eligibility at 25,
which amendment, after a brief diseuuion, was rejected;
as was also another by M. de ill Itochefoueauld fur lower.
ing the qualtfication.

Several succeeding Articles were agreed to without
discussion.
Article 63 of the Commission, declaring "the illegality
of all extraordinary tribunals, by whatever authority, or
under whatever denomination they might sit," was carried
unanimously.

Art. 74 of the Commission, " That the King and his
successors shall in future swear, in the presence of the
assembled Chambers, to observe faithfully the present Con.
stitutional Charter," was also carried without discussion.
Art. 76 of the Commission, " The present Charter,
and all the right which it consecrates, remain confided to
the patriotism and courage of the National Guard and all
the citizens of France."--Adopted with acclamation.
SPICIAL PROVISIONS.
it Ail the creations of Peers during the reign of Charles
X. are declared null and void.
" And in order to prevent the recurrence of the abuses
which hare destroyed the
Art. 27, which gives to the King an on&
principle of the establishment of
of creating peers, shall be submitted to
Bersrd required that the right of revision should be
rutel:vietied spieoen faculty
inea guleehye course of the session of 1881,"
full and unrestricted, so that not only the recurrence of
the abuses complained of might be rendered impossible,
but that the hereditary principle might be submitted to ex-
amination.
Ls General Lafayette. (Deep sitenne.)--.on ascend-.
ing this tribune at this grave juncture, I do not
yield to
Btu momentary excitement. I will not
seek here a popula-
rity which I shall never prefer to my duties,—(Dravo,
bravo I)
You may remember the republican sentiments
These entiment*
which have manhavtee nots all times arid under all powers.
prevented rue from being the s
defender of the constitutional throne emanating from the
will of the nation. Thema* sentiments ani
in the actual circulusbotees before me in Which it is judged

fitting to elevate to the constitutional throne the Prince
Lieutenant-Gilteral ; and I must say that the choice
coincides with my own desires the more in proportion as I
know him more.—(Bravo !)—I do not share the opinion
of many good citizens with respect to the inheritance of
the peerage,—(Hear, hear.)-.4 have always thought it
was necessary that legislative bodies should be divided
into two bodiei differently constituted. I never thought
it useful to create hereditary legislators, and in certain
cases judges. I have always thought that the introduc-
tion of aristocracy was a bad ingredient in public institu-
tions. It is with great pleasure that I see you engaged in
means for satisfying those wishes which I have all my life
declared, and which I can only reiterate now. My con-
science leads me to repeat this opinion, and it is with
pleasure that I hope soon to see suppressed the hereditary
peerage. My fellow-citizens will do me the justice to
say, that if I have always been the man of liberty, I
have always been that of public order.—(Lengthened
bravos.)

M. lierryer.—Two questions occupy the Chamber at
this moment—the proposition of M. Berard, and the
amendment proposed against the hereditary peerage. With
regard to the amendment, I oppose the method already
adopted by you. 1 demand the previous question. It is
not the time to discuss the question of the peerage ; but
we must not lose sight of M. Berard's proposition. As
to the question of inheritance, it is not possible to pro-
nounce the annulling of the acts done by virtue of the
laws and the Constitutional Charter.
M. Peton voted for the amendment, and urged the ne-
cessity of putting an end to the agitation which prevailed
in Paris.
M. A. Labourdonnaie.---You insult Paris.
M. Peton.—l know Paris and its wishes better than
you for these six years. I contend for legality and you
• • • If my efforts had been crowned with success,
Charles X. would still be upon the throne.
M. Sebastiani seconded the amendment.
M. Berryer opposed it again, and contended, that to
the King alone belonged the right of creating or deposing
Peers.

M. Berard..—The Gentleman who spoke last seems to
be mistaken upon the atmosphere of the Chamber. The
Throne has been overthrown. Legitimacy no longer exists.
As to hereditary peerage, we are not sufficiently prepared
for the discussion. I propose to replace the article and
the amendment by the following t
" Art. 27 of the Charter shall be the subject of a fresh
examination in the session of 1831."
M. B. Constant seconded the amendment.
The Batt paragraph relative to the Peers of Charles X.
was adopted.
The amendment of M. Berard was likewise adopted.
The President read the following proposition by M.
Brigode :—" The magistracy shall be submitted to a new
organization." He also read the following proposition of
M. Manguin :—" The Judges shall cease their functions
in six months, if before that time they do not receive a
new investiture."
M. Dupin opposed the amendment.
M. Eusebe Salverte sub-amended the proposition in
these terms : —" The Judges appointed under Charles X.
shall be submitted to a new organization."
M. Villemain—This question is grave and immense: I
cannot look at it without shuddering. Let us beware of
proclaiming that you have destroyed the great principle of
Judges being appointed for life.—(From all sides, "Never,
never.")
M. Menguin—Do not forget, gentlemen, that you are
the offspring of the revolution. It is the revolution you
consecrate. A fortnight ago you were under the empire of legitimacy and of divine right. Do not forget that to-
day you are the influence of national sovereignty. Do
you think, then, that bodies formed under the empire of
divine right and of the congregation, will support you and
will offer you no resistance ? The reform must descend
to the lowest degreees. To establish it in a solid manner,
cause resistance to cease every where, but you say the
Judges are appointed for life, This appointment for life
was attached to the charter of Louis XVIII. This char-
ter is destroyed.
rejThe amendments of M. Brigode and M. Manguin were
ected.
The Chamber of Deputies declared, thirdly, that it is
necessary to provide successively, by separate laws and with
the shortest delay possible,.....
" I. For the extension of the trial by jury to eorree-
tionnel offences, and particularly to those of the press;
" 2. For the responsibility of Ministers and the secon-
dary agents of power;
" 3. For the re-elections of deputies raised to public
loffices ;
" 4. For the annual vote for the contingency of the army;
" 5. For the organization of the National Guard, with
the intervention of the National Guards in the choice of
their officers ;
" 6. For a military code, establishing in a legal manner
she condition of officers of all ranks;
" 7. For the departmental and municipal administra-
tion, with the intervention of citizens in their formation ;
" 8. For public instruction and the liberty of teaching;
" 9. For the abolition of the double vote, and for the
establishment of electoral conditions, and eligibility.
M. de Padenas proposed as an amendment to apply the
jury to political offences as well as to offences of the Press.
This amendment was adopted, as were the nine Articles
above mentioned,
M. E. Salvert proposed hat " the anterior las and
ordinances which are contrary to the reformationw uf the
charter be and continue null and void."—Adopted.
The President read as follows These dispositions
and propositions being accepted, the Chamber of Deputies
declare that the universal and pressing interest of the
French people calls to the throne his Royal Highness
Louis Philippe d'Orleans, Duke d'Orleans, Lieutenant.. General of the Kingdom, and his descendants in perpe-
tuity, front mule to male, in the order of primogeniture,
to the perpetual exclusion of the female branches and their
descendants."
This was adopted by an immense majority, the extreme
droi t taking no part in the deliberation."
A Member of the centre left declared that it was inn..
possible for him to vote on such important innovations,
without receiving a commission ad hoe.
The President read the latter paragraph.
" Monseigneur, his Royal Highness Louis Philippe
d'Orleans, Duke d'Orleans, Lieutenant• General of the
Kingdom, shall be invited to accept, and swear to, the
clauses and engagements before mentioned, the observance
of the Constitutional Charter, and the modifications
piloted out, and after having done so before the assembled
Chambers, shall take the title of King of the French (Rol
des Francais. )"
Whilst each Member was voting, M. Dupin, nine, pro-
posed that " France do resume her colours, and that in
future no other cockade shall be worn but the tri-coloured."
—Carried with acclamation.
The result of the scrutiny :—Number of voters, 252 ;
majority, 127 ; white balls, 219 ; black balls, 33.
The Chamber adopted the resolutions and dispositions
contained in the Act.
M. Le President.—The Chamber is now going imme-
diately on foot to convey this message; we shall be ac-
companied by the brave National Guard. To go in order,
I beg the Deputies to walk four and four abreast. There
will be no sitting to-morrow (Sunday.) Oa Monday, at
noon, a public sitting.
(From the Mostiteur of Saturdsy.)
Yesterday fixed the destinies of France. Peace has
crowned victory. The Duke of Orleans, strong in the
dictates of his own conscience, and by the will of the
people, waited calmly the decision of the Chamber, while
the people were impatient to see intrusted to his hands an
authority which would put an end to that intermediate state
of things which would soon have terminated in anarchy.
The proceedings of the Chamber presented a scene more
sublime than has ever been exhibited. Every feeling, every
opinion, every regret, was respected. Never did
-
liberetive assembly display mere admirable calmnessan de d
dignity. After having, with one unanimous voice
ce, de-
eared their resolution to present the crown to the Duke of
Orleans, they proceeded to the Palais Royal, attended by
the National Guards. The Duke, surrounded by his
family, received them, M. Lafitte having read to his
Royal Highness the act of the conatitution, the Duke re-
tyoo ut
hbea
political
just
plied in the following terms
prepraieuncterlipletsolmhae:eltevoenrepidreorfessitedas
" It is with deep emotion that I receive the declaration
tthhreoeu:Phroes-u t
non of the national will, and it Appears to be conformable
my whole life.
" ' With a heart full of recollection, which made me
wish never to ascend the throne—free from smbi-
tion, and accustomed to a peaceful life in the
bosom of my family, I cannot conceal the sentiments
which agitate my soul in this great conjuncture; but there
is one which predominates over all others, and that is love
of my country. I know what it dictates, and I shall do it."
His Royal Highness was deeply affected, and tears flowed
at the conclusion of his speech. The emotion of the Prince,
the effusion of heart with which he embraced M. Lafitte
the moving picture of his family around, the entlausium,
of all present, the acclamations, of " Vive le Roi 1 nye
k Aline Vive la Familia hoots I" which burst from
every voice present, and were reiterated by thousands col-
lected in the courts of the palace, made thie one of th
most impressive scenes to be found in the annals of nations.e The voice of the multitude called lonia the tivetrauce of

the Prince. He came forward to the balcony Woo'
ponied by M. Lafayette, and they were both received by
acclamations, which were redoubled when the Melon of
Orleans presented her children to the people. M. Ls
Fayette, struck by this unanimity of feeling, toot the kid
of the Duke of Orleans, saying, "We have performed &
good work ; you are the Prince we needed; this it tha
best of republics." After dinner, an innumerable treed
demanded to see the Prince, and he made his appearelee
at the balcony, with his whole family.
The syndicate of the Receivers-General of the bolo
has caused the sum of 120,000 francs, to be paid for tin
relief of the wounded, the widows and orphans, of Ile
27th, 28th, and 29th of July. The society for suppilief
Paris with wood for fuel has sent 5,000 fiance to the
Prefect of Police for the same purpose. The total Sleet
of the subscriptions paid into the office of the COlutitit7
tionnel, up to the sth August, was 96,118 francs."
M. Mayerbeer, the celebrated author of the Creel"
has sent 1,000 francs for the victims of the 27thi 89th.
and 29th of Jaly. , •
(From the Messager des Charnbres of Sunday, Auk es)
Second Edition. 4
PARIS, AUG, 1:410 ev net.
Letters which we have received from Spain are
plate refutation of the reports which were in *osi !
the day before yesterday on 'Change, and which Aeteost
without influence on the price of the Ratites Per
(From the National.)
BOURSE, Auc. 7.—The abundance of matter Wig:
vented our announcing the prices of the 6th. The
per Cent.. experienced only a fall of 15 centime 01
opening price, and of 40 centimes on those ofellsingg4„,...
ing day. This decline was almost immaterial SRN'
of''
of five francs. Before the opening of the Bowe 01.7.1
day the public mind appeared to be much agitated. J,Le`
crowds which were collected yesterday evening her°Bl
Chamber of Deputies, and larger again whir hl7ll—
some fears. The Three per Cents. retell"- '
terday at 76f. 60c., and opened to-day at 761. 100.
decline lasted only a few moments, and the:Thee for
Cents. rose soon to 77f. 70c. Offers let deiTeZt
settlement brought them down again to 'P+l
the close of the Bourse, favourable netrln earired
Chamber of Deputies, raising them to 776 8°°•rolo• -
dation, and 78f. SOc. for the end of Minot
the last price noted in the Paesrast. iottin gen. The improvement was occasioned only by tc
litilt
fidence. The position of the speculators had. II"
contributed to it : they bad been .forced kitten */
purchase their Rentes. But if this rise were to
„,elesm2,
and that the premiums, which are most abandeaselikiik;
to be raised, they would be compelled to ParethdhaselTiin
large quantity of Rentes, which prudence
to sell on the 26th and 27th of July. These re•r"10
~.-e,
may, in fact, render the rise more considerable; bet
rise would injure an infinite number of sPefeleggeni,,..
would be too well entitled to complain against teeZd
ponement of the answer of premiums to the 71,
August, whilst justice and equity required it to tab
on the the sth.
We have long ago informed our readers of the italno:
meat of Spanish Renter, and we admonished thelkgej,,„
instant,
livD
Ducats
aware bow they operated in such Stock, the extesiter.
of which rendered it really dangerous. Out
pations have been too well realised. The Emprent,
d'Espagne fell to 67f. and the Rentes Perpetuellee g°,l
being a decline of 32 per cent. within the lase'
months, and of 15f. since the highest pries on th.
ltelarhnavtehaftalltehne much. on ale stb
itintit
have refused the 12 crosses"Pril
closed at 84f. 25c., and this day closed at 754 250.
find few purchasers. Sold
Three hundred of them have behaved with the same_
rage, and had the same success in their attacks—.6.
cannot, therefore, choose among themselvee
t.
would, with pain, wear a Cross purchased by rrr;
bketi.--3. Being partly calledaip on themselves In 47,
the army which they have fought, their eo-frasrrew
oofffertthde Ptheolinyt,ectencausuoo4.o6..,,
would have to suffer if they were accept there demur
tiens. They have likewise refused the rank of
natal granted to such of theta as participated is the

events.
Twh
has never suffered by his conduct.
The fifth liniment of Cuirassiers in garrisontm
and Le Cher, proceeds to Pans; it has been abandOria,
iell Duke
remnai de
ni Rn oFurbraonn France as has adopted
a Frenchthe
c Nitisejk
Reationel
eab°ll.ipp...„4
all its officers, and is now going to put 'twitat WI"-
pond of Government. 110
An envoy from the town of Bordeaux, Irogbs
day to General Lafayette, the tri-coloured Rage pf
National Guards of that town sends to the
the Chief of the National Guard of France.
cko,
This morning a Swiss soldier, dressed in phut.. 0.0 '
has been arrested, in the square of Bt. Sari
of posting up a Proclamation in favour o the ri
Bordeaux ; be was conducted to the Poet tithe Mr"
the 11th Arrondissement, Rue de GranclAm 01
This fact will, no doubt, attract the ittentimulist.,
military authorities, who will probably" boo" °6-3,i0.,.;
soldiers, great numbers of whom are to be MetliTiss:
streets of Paris, both in and out of uniforms ts
the reason why they are absent from their slift"7410010
that they may be sent to the corps to which soy
or to their homes, if they be foreigers. boo etst
A reconnoitering party osif of French Wane bag
as far as Evranclie, a village on the frontiers, 01317„,1100
from Luxembourg to Thionville, a detachment of rpo s
soldiers of the garrison of Luxembourg bsvialrbore
similar reconnoitering excursion. These trot?
turned to their respective garrisons.
(From the Gazette de France.)
...do
PARIS, Aua. B.—The Journals which sr. tbept;:ot
of the majority of the Chamber, now 1a1dr14,17 01110'
to the young men who disturbed the Sitting al 'lll.fig
The National states on this subject...4_l6;ll-00i
danger is over, we are going to be apiteleu._ Fable,
abstract questions, and cut each others thumb"' diP
we shall stain our glory, and diminish the hurtit,
merit. Groups assembled round the Chamber of 'l'olo.,
to-day ; perhaps, there will be others to-marr°°'
would prove& misfortune.

i

it
(From the Courtier Francon.) „oil .'-'
to ItthheavviobLenot often
measuresuid ittlliedatittahteedDbayupchituinelessisrel4.o"ll
0.0
~ : 111
widCoiimteiuhencillors. The fact is true; but it wee not
.."- Ise° •';
31. se
spect fur the rights of the nation that ahe botiL7ool ~, b
guage. She observed to her contldenteas :.,„2"1 Ift e,
d'etat will provoke resistance; pereoual Oen"— de.""
becoome necessary, and that it what the King te-- i 1110*
: M o°l
thoeherverdeoeticyrlicnttoircoaecefffscoeffrommotitihaetitrolumoneoilliotphresse Pllsoon,
a:
otebiels
it
bears
since
18hite4h:oeisamFnrdeontflichat .oftv lh
0 b
_„, '
proposed to surmount it with a winged Vict°l_,' fin sir b
of a colossal site. This figure is to hold the poi coo of
hand, and a crown in the other, one of the laurel 10g4..0, 0
oi t;o which
itholooifas
ktohf offered
leavese rGed r
a,toodot hffAeeiei aytrori
hatothrt}:ee: this
been
ciFlainstriesinone bh
whose n:utuledilwankrnt ieellievolmli7sop 10di;g74r:..,
..10:7:1:01,00.$,1 ifillb
j• ' c:4111
rendered possible both the re-establishment and Outer 0
secretion of this beautiful monument, the Work
of every national glory. .-. A
(From the National.)
._,,.tion Of Si. 1 ti
tinder existing circumstance the Adminitts... .--00,01eis a
War Department requires measures shilfofir.., oplillfr - - ,
and afterwards executed with an equal &tree t" 2 of tlif ~ 1p
The names of the men called to fill the carentao
_....." osi ',
military divisions and sub-divisions of the furtirewrielottlu 4
big 01201"-ok
corps of troops, warrant all these indier neu-----,.. iiith 'Si
General Brayer has been sent to Stria argil, te AO" a'
litary division ' • General Tierra!' to Mets, ib. Are' 101/1 '
sion ; General Decaen to Grenoble, the seventh --- or
General 13achele to Lyons, the nineteenth dfrisOuGtoo4 141
neral Itoguet to Lille, the sixteenth divieloolii 00; iti
Testa to Rouen, the fourteenth division; Oti.: ,4„); 0° ~,..
rin sommands the drat military division (ft-fourths, IN
General Lamarque is Commander-in-chief °7-dous„ Sr hp
eleventh, and, twelfth diviensyitoeniarsiinr(toTboeetuisaiireeecanasesniuraliontu°i)edinuntl-000:_t.b04
yrs.. Jo
GilauAllarbilid)pne.attr enlipprseiseisdhinthgattotbe od 100 114
"Ilion of Flora, in the Court of the Tuileries. ~, oat ot
We were in error when we named Itl. Berard 7 of of
the Commissaries of Police, who seised the Prra binieelki,„:,
National. M. Berard did, in fact, Preit'iiinbri ''';
our office, to seise the journal called ie 7a- irtieJ_Al•
upon oar declaration that this journal was °°' rootest„,,°"
our establishment, the Commissary of Jill: dodo this
himself with drawing up a process verbal t° °Tut Nit:
feet: which we signed as well as himself; kOO of,--,.. - 0
of the National and its presses was tifeete°,"loho glefiso— ii
Berard's colleagues. We have aliestlY hil;fi
of stating stating that both these gentlemen
ful duty with every possible politeness
1 "NATIONAL GUARD.—ORDER (:).1/ icifliteoirsi° Voillidor -1'
" The Commander-in-Chief, io execution of 1 ,
jots
nance issued by his Royal Highness the I'li/to oteo 0
the Kingdom, has indicated the form of d0.,10.Ch
.....
adopted by the National Guard. The Cotot°,lg/ :hero?
is occupied in causing e model to be made, 11; 000 iv
of Win prestoted to hisßoyalillighorst.
1

t

shallbe definitively approved of, flags will be prepared and
given to vitt Legion. The Provisional flags will bear no
Watiption ; the lance will be surmounted by a cock.
" Given at.the Hotel de Ville, this 6th of August 1880.
(Signed) " LAFAYETTE.
" True Copy. CARBONAL, Colonel."
" ORDER OF THE DAY.

,

" AIS Aua. 6.
" coiformity with the intention soft the, Lieutenant..
General of the Kingdom, Lieutenant-General Count Col-
bert bee been designated to take the command of all the
caralry of the Guard, and to proceed to form the junction
of these corps.
" 'rho hereafter-mentioned Mari cheer -de-Camp are de-
iiilluted to serve under the command of Lieut.-General
COUS3i :
" General Renaud is to assemble the Chasseurs at Melon,
the Dragoons at Fontainbleau, and the Hussars at Provios.
" General Alphonta Colbert is to assemble the two regi-
ments of (Horse) Grenadiers at Versailles, and the let
Regiment of Cuirassiers at Meaux.
" General Delaitre is to assemble all the detachments of
Gendarmerie at Parisi and to organise the isolated horse-
Men at the C4leatine, and at the Military School.
" General Wolff is to assemble the Lancers at Com-
*IAN and the 2d Regiment of Cuirassiers at Beauvais.
" The Lieut.-General commanding the first military
division hastens to, apprise the civil and military authorities
of the division of these dispositions, and requests them to
midst the aformaid Generals in forming the junctions they
ere charged ta effmt.
" The Military Intendant of the division is likewise re-
quested to prescribe the necessary measures to the Sub-
Intendants employed under him, to insure the different
/miens and supplies for the troops.
" The Lieut.-Gwen' commanding the First Military
Division. (Signed). "
A true copy, Baron MAURIN.
" The Alareschal•cle.Cansp and Quartermaster-General.
Baron d'ARRIULA."

114 k ?MORS OP STOCKS ?XIS
StoSk
1144fi
a n.« .....it ... 21
3 per Coat . .....Tyt
zCOIL C0M.... .....
a VI tto•NIN•110.
te
..... yam..
s . 1
01.11•••••••••• II • RV
gieW ili po c0nc..... id:
t per (.48L 11121 ....... tut kL. Ann.......... Ts; 118
Dittounto_ 10
SO Pairs .. ...
. ..... .... 15 8-
.... ... .... le%
14414 stock
...... . --
Ilk% 5456.7.... ........... ii Pin. '

_ .. r
T _
tPILICIa OOZZION ?UNDO
lutrian Bonds —
rullla4 Bonds .. .... --
4LION* Ayres 804 r..... -
„ChPla Mends ... ........« --
Kommblan Bonds..
......
17:41111211 ••••••,••• .... • ... 23
G.........,
.............................• .
Attew; Manda.i.... ow
Valits ......... ••
Mexican kt
...... . ......... --
. 1143 ndi
!Atte.-

................

..30U

-----__
l_ 0011102 Or lICIL
iosterdiun . ..... . . .... C.F. 12 6j
11:4„. tto at 5ight........._,12 6
Aotterdans ........ ....2.U., 12
ntwerp .............. .. . .12
Dl ads, 3"41.4; iiiiii .......25 75 01tt0.....................2 v. 25 BO
b hen_letdown
........... ..........25 85
stela
htersburrh„ ruble, 3 Us. 104
TVienna, eftbetive 11. fit 10 14
Mrieste. ..... do. ............... 10 14
adizadrid. .......................... 34
. ........ ... ..... as
Illiboi :... .:".... ""*". .. 1034
Sbarodonst.". ... ....................... ..".. 38
aville ...... ................... 36
.. . il
Saville
.......................86 ... .... ..... 47
..._...,.....z..._____
......

DAY AT •NR 1111.CL*C1.•
South Sea Stock 10OS
Old Annual's V236
New Ditt• .... .
Ez. bills, .C.l,li6eTd. as pm.
mt. 44. IN 83 pm.
Ditt0...m...50n Dd.
CMS 83 pm.
y, ...„ lid. FO Plo-
Ditt• smlli 34, 82 Ed pm.
Ditt• . .. lid. O 2 82 Pm.
Eank Ibr Account
India Ow Account -
Cons. for Aug 93. 11% %

THIS DAY AT ON* O'CLOCK.
0000000000
Peruvian. Ronda .....
Portuguese Bonds
Prussian, Old .......
Ditto, New ..... 1014
Russian ............
Spanish. :WI 21%tv
,1825”...••• .....
French Rentes, •p. e. 103 f. 50
Exchange 2sr. hOr.
3 per cent.
---- Exchange 25t. 50c.

WOE YESTERDAY,
Leghorn 48
Genoa. .......... ..„........25 75
Venice 47
Malta 4B
Naples •.......„.... ......... „ 39
Palermo per oz. 119
Lisbon 45
OportOporto 45
o Janeiro .. .. ... 2'2
Bahia
/hence Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight 114
Cork lg
SULLIONS PER OZ. .

s. d.
Portugal Gold, coin 0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons 3 14 3
New Dollars
Silver bars standard 0 0 0

tbe "
t
. • _
-

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, AUGUST 11 MO.

The immortal drama, which has been acting
for
-the last fortnight in Paris
is
at
length happily
Welled, and France has now a free Charter and
°°rtetitutional Monarch, both emanating from
he °nIY legitimate source of all power—Tmt
iiriLL pp THE PEOPLE.
II Power vested solely in the divine right of
Cinge---behold its efficacy at this moment in the
411d8 of what was once CHARLES X. I—a
sendieant fugitive in his native land, where, but
few days ago, ho reigned over a nation of
411,y millions of the most enlightened and
revolt people under the Sun I How are the
eighty fallen I but wherefore ?—because they
Dmpretnised their power when they lost their
`nue I CHARLES ceased to be King from
eat moment when be outraged the sanctity
`1 his oath before God, and attempted to break
lith with his people by trampling on their rights
sti destroying their liberties. Here is a fine
Ison for Xings—.and a practical warning
'r those absolute rulers who think them-
IN secure in their misgovernment, because
e°Ple have not yet been roused to
'dress their wrongs-.-and vindicate the rights
men. But let Despots beware in time : the
ople of France have set an example which will
It be lost on Europe. They have had an
!elute King (in his heart): they rose in their
i and have now a King of their own
Niel)!
o4inndeY,last was a proud day for the French
:reY.ihed; es setting aside for ever the long-
-0
Pr
mbinciple of divine right. The Duke
Tlttiots was proclaimed King before the
eled is
of a free country, and in
6 Presence of a free and joyous people.
PartietliEre of this memorable scene
at 10 interesting that we shall not detain
readers---but simply observe that as the new
,1% is styled PHILIP the First there must
4,48 mietake, as there ',ere six of
neete dice• Eut,already on the throne of
vi Perhaps, as the present King
[ere' de, Xing Of Me French--it is con-
new"treble to commence de novo with
Du.
Juast
t the ly, and new order of things.
bus I:e!lniry of the past perish with the
PnnelPle
dog of 14 divine right I" A new
4 kind
upon France promises liberty to
ppy
as theand
it prove as auspicious and
tthy e French people are enlightened and

(Prok the Nettagar' dated TuesdaY-)
`` PARIS, AuousT 9, MoNDAT EvENINa.
CHAMBER OF DENIMS'
UOYAL SITTING.
-"',ON To THE THRONE OF HIS
14 MAJESTY PHILIP I. eVer Wits a more imposing sight presented
.
treat people. 418 early as seven o'clock in
tie the people crowded round the gates
the
Palace. At ten o'clock they had occu-
ft he tribunes. At noon all the Deputies
014 tel'ee. Only four or five members of
were observed, Messrs. Berryer de
kurat, Paul de Chateaudouble, Btr.
