reign.

(By the hi )

We, WILLIAM, &c. —Referring to the 3d Article of our
'DeCree of the (ith October last, by which we reserved it to
ourself finally to determine the destination of the paintings
and monuments of art returning from Paris, which formserly
belonged' tochurches which are no longer appropriated to di-
Fine worship, or to public establishments which have ceased
to exist•

Seeing the opinion of the Governor of the province of Ant-
werp of the date of November 22d instant, and tile urgent re-
presentations of a Deputation which has been sent to us for
this spacial purpose by the city of Antwerp, and having heard
the considerations of our 11;orurnissioiier-General for what re-
lates to public instruction, the sciences, and arts, we have

PIJONAPARTE'S AR RI NIA 14 AT ST. HELE`;.:I-.

Captain DENMAN, of the Redpole, arrived at the

Nthoiralty this moroing, %vitt] Dispatches from

6ir GEORGE COCE.BURN, &fled the 2241 October,

he chly she left St.

Sir (3 Ct_.cs.Bual

and his sqiiadron arrived off that 'slant .orr the
13th of the sa:lie mouth, after pas-,
-s-etse, z I safe rttrA n cU. BUQSAPAIZTE, eve tIII-

4erstrind, was to inhiibit the hoose',ou the. top

of the hill called Lok;-wood, the usual

sidetiee of the Lieucenziht - cr'pvernor,

is the most plensant situation owthe whole idatici,

and, what is still bettei', the most centi•ai and

,it being utterly with common care,

that any pers•lu call either approach it or depart

froin it. witliout.being seen. We-have not heard
how the General likes his new abode-, but he

ayAde. himself exceedingly .conifoilable while on

board ship, a nil uo more tiro wning oti the

part of Madame Bertrand.

fact they ap-

pear to he quite satisfied hi having escaped with

life, which it seems, they so highly prize, and

•
which they will pro:bahly consichei• as ssiarnorc

dear, when they shall hear the fate of NEr and

MuAnT.

- A very considerable sensation exists in ourllioney
Market, 'connected with the report that .certain
British IVlcrchants and Bankers are negociating with
the F'iench Government, to the effect of supplying
it with thei? credit and capital towards dischargiaz
its Obigations to the Allied POwers. We have not
been able to ascertain wilether or not there is any
foundation for this • rumour : we trust them is
none, for we Must consider such speculation as
going far beyond the propel- bounds of mercantile
transaction:

,The Paris Papers to the 2d have arrived in
course. The Official Gazette contains a Royal
Ordinance respecting a parcot the interior orga-
nization,of the National, Guard, and a number of
new appointments of Judges, &c; throughout the
Departments. -

The Capital has been given up by the Foreign
Authorities to the Ist French Military Di visi9ti,
but it is understood that a portion of, the Allied
troops will, fur a certain period, remain within

Neither INTIr nor LAVALETTE are mentioned
these Journals, though the appeal of the latter
.might have been derided long before this period.
There is a rumour that his punishment has
been commuted to banishment by the King ;
if so, they had better not proceed with Nay's
trial to-day, Or With any other mockeries of the

' same so, Elie' hiiti better 21)(1;Cate
'quietly, without 'uting the Country to the
trouble, or causing Cat; bloodshed of another
lent tterolution.
The Ch:..:nther of Deputies, As appears from the
repot of their prodcediag-s, have been occupiei
with ,tibjec6 cf aolue interest to France. Am°
tion foi• printing the speeches of the members has
been negatived:
The French Ftinds are again very ranch cle'press-
ed. • On the 30th Norer,d)Ln the V arc tlootect--
5 per Cents •
Rink Actions

• " •
Independent of the lac:, we stated on Satin*,
day, the Jamaica Papers contain ati' ticeonnt hotli•
the Spanish Main, that a victory had been obtain'
ed over the Royalists on the bank& of the rivet
Polo. Of 1200 infantry, no ate. said to hay!
been killed, and 500 taken prisoners. „.
All the intelligence from this garter is in the
most pompous and exaggerated sty le. One woniti:
think that the fate of the world dependNl uijan
every skirmish in which a dozen Of lirrs ate lost.

There are announcements of arrivals, at the
Out-ports this morni►lg at LLOYD'S, of vesse;6
from almost. every ciiiarter—froin 'Lisbon, 3.1a113.'
Charlston, New York, &c. No Papers- fro"' •
America of a later date-than those frevlously re-
ceived. • • -

The Supplement to Saturday's Gazelk contains
a copy of the Convention between France Rod
England, relative to the claims of Brti:iit Credi-
tors on the French Government. It has alreifdY
appeared in 'fi`in SCN.
/I)

'"flie political, acuteness of the Naming Chroe.
aide is truly astonishing. It has, we know, long
had the power of seeing exactly what it Avis" 6
to tee in Prance—freedom under 13troxAr.0374'
and slavery under the Constitutional Charter !
But it was reserved till this day for the clever
architects of its columns to disclose that 014
!u
could hear what was inaudible.
rtt
.We have (says this. Conjuror) receivF
" I,•ari.-ty of accounts from Spain, by the Cortjeall
" packet, indicative only of the rapid growth °I
" despotism and 'deeradation, blended with 11I'c
•
" SILENT I',ILTIIMURS of an oppressed peoPic" -
" ftilly sensible of their wrongs." -
• "AIJLTON, hide vrnr _ head ; it•liat is "
visible" to this new and sublime figure of
Murmurs blended with the growth 04."(c'3.
pfwism:! !!It is a masterly inittge, ,vorrl,l
of the Critics on arterial e.rvressi in, the 6-11.)0.5
of tragic Actr,:sses.

The 'Jacobins contimit, ta• deciiim in their usw4l_.

frantic style, and with their custotuni y distcgarl
to trnil), agaiit. the unheard-of t!..ranny and
blood-thirstiness of, the BouttnoN Government.
Theydn- not, and cannot deny, chat there has bee"
a dread display of treacbcry and treason, and a veil
atrocious rebellion in France: they cannot instant'
.I:cpiecutions in consequence of these,crimes, 011"
yet they
.141
wittt,their ontry, about- a cruel, revengeful, at
have the assurance to insult coannon se: se
sanguinary A;lministration ! If it be so, there 15'
cruelty without victims, revenge without ob-
jects, and - blood without punishments. We 44
them for their proofs, and they tell
us about A
law against the Suspected, not strictly reconcile-
'able with the liberties of the subject in otilionrY
• .0! ,
nO peaceful times, and about a-M.- BotraDoNNA"
,)'!“
'haVing proposed 'a law which, though it gran'
''an'amnesty to the mass of offenders, calls fa/jus-
tice on the great Conspirators. Such are t-be
•
fOundations for a charge of despotism; for fill
,accusation that the I3Ooßßotls wish to tiestr6r.
•
the freedom of France, and re-establish ail iF"
bitrary Monarchy. Who are .the accusers
slaves of BUONAPARTE ; the petty rrYran‘Sl
themselves cringed under the military despotisin
Cf
this master Tyrant ! These are the men Who n°ll.
forsooiil, bawl for freedom,—that is their r.iamt fat✓
a revolution, which should restore them to plun-
der, and power, and importance. These "nil"
sycophants of NAPOLEON, who were either cowards

or villains, since they never dared to raise their

patriotic voices against his terrible oppression...
but have courage to rail and plot too again't
King, ruling Iciitirnatzly and G.o4stitu-

I

i

I

NAVAL NEWS,

• :NIX- SLATE, 'DEO. • .7—Several transpprts,•'hav
.
011 beard the .1.10.11 Waggon Train, have:re,.
turned, being Ordered hick by the Agent,
vui in 'Several ships for slu
Wind 'Ai.eitiiov: ft, •
, 4
bEC. • I.—Arrived the Arabella
Paeket, Captain Poirrßous, with mails frOm Lis-
)), 0n n.severscla-isl, the
.11aPitt packet, Captain
tl'Etttcx6r, With 'Mails' froth Corunna, in three
4415•-.—AVincl S. NV.
PLYMOViII, DEC . 2.—Arrived the Princess
tliiabet6 pa-eket, with a.mail from Lisbon, in '2(.1
gays, having 'missed FalmOtith.
iIoRTSMOUTH, DEC. 3.--Arrived the Enter•
13ARNINITANI, from Malta. •
DEAL„ DEC. 3.—Arrived the Liebe and the For-
1114de, in 43 days; from, the Mediterranean:—
taJlle down froth the River the Catherine,
Union, Eleanor, and Namur transports ;
"11,1~siit, Fortitude,,•Piersons, Pitt, Haywood,
Tigress„ Oakes, Fanny, Suffolk,
(1 •
•I'llui. Ann, Albion, 'Ocean, Rail, Montague,
and Lotlisa. Most .of the above ships are West
4,,
;• tainen, bound to Jamaica, Trinidad, Scc.--,

D2C. 3.--The
,brie: Adamant,
`')cocfc,Master, from Maltavvitk wine, came
"n shore under Sealord Cliff, at five o'clock this
corning she was got off by the boats from
lie!lee and Seaford, but a gale coming on, she
slink, about three-quarters of a mile distatat from
tilt Pief_head. Th'e Captain, crew, and all who
assisted her are placed under quarantine. Part of
the ship is expected to be got at, at low water
but it is mucit' feared this will prove a total loss
both sliip and cargo. All the crew.are safe.

Pear-Admiral Sir Tnomn.s B^= Ali MARTIN iS to
eDeintty Comptrollar,of the Navy in the room
of Captain SiiIELD. who takrs.the permanent re-
thivnt Commissioner,hip of the Naval dock-yard
4t Plythoullt, vice Commissioner FANsHAwE, oho
superannate.
A merchant vessel has reaclted the Downs, With
Intelligence front Cadiz, of the date, of .the 10th
'`lt• The Aurora had entered. that. port front
4:tittn a, and had bronL‘ht 3:090,004_,t011ar5. An -
`nr'er ship, with a like snpidy of specie, WaS
daily
)Pected from the Same quarter..
izrAt Bombay two ships, to carry 74 guns each,
Ate liding, to he called the Melville and,the
There are also three frigates, of 38
"ch, which are named the S. rioAapatatn,
ta;'-"'}'"liee, and Amphitrite ; and a sloop to
to-14—:: 1G ths is completing at the same
.place,
v"lltyt the t',ltieleon.

Lti •.
111 tc•
itel) of
LlElLTl4.—Nrestercla\i, the follow-
tto 011 the state of his Majesty was exii-
t4:l'vut St. James's Palace :"--
4/1)1''Y" CAVItE, DEC. 2.--7lljs Majesty leas enjoyed
tt,,• very dtry h
mieitquii ;
itit cinritv.z theintt,h,and h,
not in ge•irry
Majestyo's disorder is aliiited.
• • ‘. H. HALVottb, ,NI.
" I1,11.;13EItllEN, "J. WILLIS."

. .
1:,? -?i'idav night, after the PRINCE .RiGENT'S
.4 '‘at at 'Carlton house from Brighton, his
k;4srl Aga:less gave an
.interview to. Lord
rjertekGti, ‘vhich lasted between three and
hour
Il s.
"t 1 Baturday Count lIARDF:NBERO had an midi-
yee"f the l'amerz RrGENT at Carlton :louse.
t' w --"`"l'daY. about to o'clock, the PRINCE RE-
eft town for Windsor.
REGENT teceived a visit from the
ar tmi,
f.,`' ANdLESEA SlO.llfaay.
101. pine '"annittee to which the new Constitution.
.11" a earl iS'ICs be sabruitted, is to meet on News (fat?
be '•
qt./. "'ark has declared the Sound and the canal
tte-tit):3tein compietel- yfree for the transmission of
ytv'e articles destined for the.Aliies.
ittk cc)PY ihe following paragraph from a Morn-
-4.' "Per, and hope it is The extensive
lielle-wwk Pavilion, preparing to be sent to 'St.
11,1,e4a, is not intended for the residence of Boo-
m illltTe and his suite as- reported, but is for that
!l'owtfe. Nine CommissiOners of the Eitropean
144.,
ell. who are to embark for that island. The
tiVel4ll (I"igned for the Ex-Emperor, is compara-
pl.': "Pull a very swan scale."
'lttcsti."te letters from Hamburgh say, that the
Art; t :Rs bet ween that City and Frame has been
: Conunissioners, eCcOrding to an ar-
tn r „;tile-Treaty, and that liarnburgh has agreed
fot the money robbed from the Batik by
Per
(,:I‘, 50 French
cent. by payments in the Ficch
An ntS• at the present price of those funds_....
tti.l-,eaing Paper mentions the report of a di s
ii"wg lately taken 'place between the Duke
111ki ;ERRI allfi Marshal MARNIONT. We hope like a former report of-a similar nature
o(ruive to hisßoyal Highness, will Prove "-
Ali The report to which we allude; is rts
`clispThat there has laftly been a warm
4141.-se between the Duke DE BERRI arid MAR-
.I"UDINOT was present. It is said 'to have
`tc,,',tated in some expressions.nsed by the Duke
4'4. "NT, who took an opportunity. firmly,.
to warn his. Royal piglinesS
titdn- fpersistiug in that species of language and
ciii4ter,, which were by no means adapted to con-
,l.l,the ptiblie attachment and respect."
tq 'new Court instituted by FER
efeY.ll"! Liberates, has coutletuned Ruiz l'Aono:sr,
Fliugllnßll, who made a speech in. the kite Cortes
lerDeV't". It the abolition of the Imptisition, to
qs,t; '"l,linprisonment ; MARTINEZ da ItGsA,
114rd'1,1-itnnber the Lite Cortes, to ten V oour., ar,d ge"endlY C( j.
Spec;:.. b 4, Sllhl'e fur tour y, b.t •' S
0112 tatter' has beenTh Pi.iti,lllllent for a 'stint
of 1110
stout of the last area of
.was s.)11 TUVSditY ,

TEE SUN REVIEW'.
