LONDON, JUNE 3, i3cr.

Wt this morning received l'ar;; PlVers to the
6th inst. They contain little of importance on any.
.4.3jcet, bus rorrrigat; and On this head We extrael
the following articles from the lfrip4itewr pf the 3d
inst.

" An extraordinary Courier from Madrid, who
came yesterday to the Count. of LEGHOttN, has
brought him a Letter from the KING of SPAIN,
which contains the information that the left of the
Spanish Army hatl entered Portugal by the way of
Bpdajos, following the line of the Guadiana : that
it had taken possession of QPvenza, of Monte Mag.
giorf, and had surrounkretthe Fortress of Ekvas :
that the Court of Portugal had dispatched M. Pi NTO
to demand a Truce, exhibiting at the same time full
powers to negotiate and to sign a Definitive Trea-
ty ; but that His CA:rmot.lC MAJESTY had ordered
;he Army to continue their march until, as a Preli-
minary, an Embargo 311Q0111 have been laid upon
Englif.h vesselst and the Ports of Portugal shut
against 'the English. M. 11;NTCi had returned to-
wat4s Lisbon to await farther instrttetions, and the
Army continued their mttrch,ti
in the ,Momiteur,of.tip stb, we find Of follow,
Ong gqickt PAPF tip he of tglqi4 ;

" The PRINCE of PEACE has begun the Cam.
paign in Portugal, under the most satisfailory au-
spices. O'ivenza, defended by a very strong castle,
and Monte Maggiore, a well fortified place, arc
already in their power. He at this moment lays
siege to Elva:, over which City tis Standards will
soon wave.—rif hundred Spaniards put to fight two
Ihigusand Portugueze !

rememberilhe eXample and the lessons
of Count de Lirr a. This City is still defended by
the fortifications which be ereaed, but the Portu-
gueza no longer retain the sentiments with which he
inspired them, .How, indeed, could this generous
courage be maintained under the disgraceful patron-
age of a Mercantile People, who debase those to
whom they sell their patronage, and impoverish those
whom they protein. Under the English protedion
the Portugueze have learned to forget they. have a
Country, On the most fruitful soil, and under the
most delightful sky, they seem to 'think that their
Ports, their Colonies, and their abundant Harvests,
are given them only to enrich foreign Fa&ors, who,
by dispensing with all ?dive- exertions, habituate
them to indolence, and to all the vices and evils of
slavery. The time for trial is come, The weaker
Stater of Europe are about to learn what fruits they
are to expert from English Alliances. France re-
quires of its Allies courage, -aid promises them
glory : England requires of its friends :gold, and
,promises them only slavery and impoverishment.-{
This eloquent harangtiebf the, Moniteur seems -to
be intended 'for the meridian Of Spaii,,•tipon
.the
idea ' that its darktiCss and' its igndance. of what
passes on the Continent is 'as grosilnii-b7eti
presented.
Two French- Frigates, La Cararde and La Ccr-
nelie, are said to have entered Cadiz
Of Egypt we fintl•no mentioq, exceNing in long
Extracis from Sox xi Ni-,and in the following. Letter,
by the publicati.o the Chief Consiti pro
haply. hopes to support the spirits of the People of
Franck

CLE!,IERT, COMMANDER. OP THY. CONSULAR GUARD,
DATED FROM THE HOSVITAL AT MARSEILLtSt 24T1t

MAY,ADDRESSED " TO THE MINISTF,A OF w it."

CITI2IIN mi xis rra,

ti The report which has been circulated. in every quarter of
the Mediterranean, of the defeat of the English twenty days
after the Battle of the z tat of March, and that the wreck of
thei: Army had re-embarked, 4p pors to me the more probable,
beeazve M E u had a great numby cif Forces at his disposal
in dittemnt parts of Egypt ; because the English must have
suilered 'acre in that Battle than the French i and because
u, when reinforced, would have been able to -take every
advantage of the difficult aid tailiappy position of the Eng,
litih Army. '

" The following is the exaa position of the Frenat Army
on flit: 2.ist Niarch—The GRAND VIZIR., IveaLped by the
Plague, without Camels, and dispirited, was still att;j2a.
Mouß An Bev had proposed, with his Mamelukes, and some
Country Troops, provided he was also left some Comppies
of Artillery, and a French Battalion, to prevent the Git ANP,
VIZIP. from making any movement.
" General Rost 11, with three Battalions of the 21d Light
Regiment of Cavalry, two Battalions of the 83th, and ano-
ther of the t3tlk, ill all six Battalions, was on the aast of
March at Saiahie.

i' General BL!..t.t AR. v, with three Battalions of the gth of
the Line, two Battalions of the ztst Light, 3oa horses, and
part of the Auxiliary Corps, was in Upper Egypt.
44 General Mou,s NA, with the 2d Light, a Battalion of
the iZth Light, zoo horses, and a Company of Light Artil-
lery, was at Damietta.

" General !if ENO u cottild trawafore have reinforced himself
bt,tween the 2 tbr of March and theArst of April with more
than twelve Battalions of diflereat Corps of Cavalry and
Artillery.

" These considerations.lead me to give great ccedit to the
rumours which reach us froth all part; of the Mediterranean."

It is unfortunate for Citizen CLEMENT, that the
accounts in the London Gazette Extraordinary come
down to the 22d of April, twelve days later than
- -
the period he fixes for the Defeat and Re-embarka-
tion of the British Forces.

The French Tiers Cansotide are at sq,

A Lisbon Mail has arrived, with intelligence from
that Capital of the 24th ult. In the affairs. which
have taken place between the Spaniards and Portu.
gueze, alluded to in the articles which we have above
extraaed from the Paris Paters, we find that the
Portugueze claim the viaory. Their strength, if
it be correctly stated, is 40,000 men, It was, re.
ported at Lisbon, that the Spantarda had goo killed.

THE steady course pursued by His Majesty's
Ministers seems to have inspired, as it was so well
calculated to do, universal confidence. Whatever
may be the State of the Negotiation with France,
whether it has been finally broken off, or whether,
as some venture positively to assert, it has been re.
rived, a general conviition prevails, that on the
one hand, no inordinate pretensions, in, conisetrence
of recent successes, have operated on the part of our
Government) or ever will operate, as a bar to the
restoration of Peace ; and on the other, that that
moderation, which may be considered as one of the
leading features of cumpresent Councils! will never
SO far desert it:, useful Ally, Firmness, as to lead
to any sacrifice 'whatever' o the future and pertna,.
Milt 114044 Q 1 ttic t.4l4,:itti% for the sake of an im.

4

mediate termination of the War in which we are
engaged. On the subjea of Negotiation we have,
as our Readers must have perceived, ever spoken
with caution, because we were unwilling to impose
on the Public, by pretending to know, what we are
certain has been exclusively confined, and highly to
the credit of Government, to the knowledge of the
Cabinet Ministers.

The Proposition with which we set out, is
abundantly confirmed by the general disposition and
temper of the Country. Though the difficulties
and distresses of the middle and lower Orders of
People, have been so unparalleled, we have heard of
no Public Meetings even in the Manufafturing parts
of the Kingdom,. to vote indiscreet Addresses to
Parliament, or Petitions to Fits MAJESTY,' for the
restoration of peace, When a perfea convidion
prevails, that the want of it proceeds from the want
of Moderation on the part of France, not from
want of effort, consistent with tile honour and
d
mheet
egnvneti ttgy of the
0000bd obtain
ennCo
is
te, uewnnteor yu
believe
the
etlo,etdhpi
that our
of o
ovuerr,
c tior:t oryvn!e rte;
h
such
anxiety on the subject, "I;ubliely expressed, is on.if
calculated to throw the obje& to a piaci distance,'
by enhancing 014' 4airns and pretensions of the
Enemy, .
But we will not likel Englishtrieni by..t.ShalPtt sing
that no impresiioriLfias ,lien made Oil
the Public
The splendid!
Welf,caicOla:Cedenable tobear, .with
~„. US •
AtehieVements. Of Out Arms
something- more than ,constancy, the continuance
al." -1 the War must necessarily continue.-'
Witil6' the .NationalPtideis exalted by the
cy of . Our. Military exploits, a National. Spirit'is
• 4. 1
roused, which must enable us to bid defiance either
now, or for a century to 'come, to .the -idle threats
of invading these Istarid3, and even almost to war"
rant a ‘visli that the Attempt should be made.--,a,
have heard, with the greatest satisfaCtion, lb°
MeaSures arc in contemplation to place the Volunteer
Corps, both Inflintry 'and:Cavalry, on a foOtinif.
comfortable to themselves; and formidable to the
Enemy. Feeling the utmost confidence in thoie
most respeclable Bodies, we know of notbil
wanting but System, to enable them to 1
should the necessity occur, on their Native $04.0
the extraordinary ats of their Comrades in AO!
on the Shores of Africa ; this National Spires
the future
while it promises increased vigour to
to
Otaptee"thtieo.nrsetotifrnWofar isa Peace
no le
ns alculated
when it arrives. Without it, in vain should vl
pride ourselves on increasing Manufaaure a:
boast of the sttent of our Commeree.-I•`` rti
ean
tco
Feather that adorns the 'Royal Bird supports
.
it)t
giro it Securith
flight ;--,strip him of his Plumage, anti Po scale-
tq the Earth,"

The Lawton Qatzitte of Sattuday officially an,als
that, the Embargo • has been taken. off the Ituss'''./1
and DArkish Ships in oar Ports, and an end
the other Q.ommercial Prohibitions. With tsPefth
to Russia, these; are asts of reciprocity ; and
respect to Denmark', 3. consequence of the dispos". °
tions which have prevailed, in that Power sins
th
suspension of Hostilities. • Nothing,. it seerlisf•
to
mains _wanting to the establiAbinent• of AT:irs
the North on the same, or rather, on: a. much bel
footing than they were, but, to so: Stved°lstsl:l
in the same relation to us, as-the othet WI/at--
0
of the Maritime Confederacy, and prohablY iii
ly o
uniformity,
btascleis wthheic,fhormsta.nnd4sce.sist t
a)
ry to the he waY 1-
onaccom:
wilt)faloki stueihilmedpedwartorttua
borittn'lhei
atstd.s fit, is
RS :sesdi
jlt
n,
13
Ist
ctanyteinishared
Far
re
froth
foefeiPihgcnihn);:,;f:
sure in the revival of circumstances, whic"' .611
,ever glorious they may have been, for 11', aric bob,
to be considered with regret, we shall °n'Y tii.
rye, that the most incredulous must be:'ibeen
fled that every cloud of the storm which b3",„01
formed against us in the North, handerdisaPP`'.-4
from our horizon, and that it is in a qu'ilft.
that it is now to be dreaded.

The liana:l7h Mail which became due yestl'
day, had pot arrived whenthis Paper was put t°
Press.

. .
--........--. .
The KING, QUEEN, and 'PRINCESSES AUGUSI
PRINCE ADOLPHUS on Saturday paid a
atitihr,
ELIZABETH, MARY, SOPHIA, and AMELIA, an_
Mr: DUNDAs and Lady JANE DUNDAS,
Seat at Wimbledon; Colonel WI-111'40W, Lads, C.
WALDEGRAVE, and Lady M. WtrwrAav 31E61";
THEIR MAJESTIES' in three open lanlanieitsi pr
Lady JANE, with her accustomed atrability, PAL' 41"
Royal Visitors every attention.. ,I:fic KING c°°-
Versed for a considerable time with Mr. Dirrolos
and, also with Lord HAWKESBURY.--Tti Ewer'
tamment consisted of every delicaey of the easl)
and THEI It MAJESTIES expressed themselves hi.hii
gratified with their repast.
Yesterday morning the ROYAL FAMILY Went
ed Divine Service at .IS.cif Palace, where they haw
Prayers. . .
