A M E It I C A.

Intelligence from Vera Cruz has reached
Charleston of as late a date as the Ist of February, which
states in the main that ITtruniDE, had been abandoned by
many of his partizans, who had declared for the republic,
and that he had retreated to the interior with a small guard.
The reports do not appear to be well authenticated. We have
ourselves received files of Vera Cruz and city of Mexico
papers, although not of so late a date, but can collect from them
nothing to justify the expectation that the revolt of Santa Anna
would prove formidable to the power of Iturbidc. With these
papers we have also a published edict of the Emperor, by
which he prohibits the importatio►l of any Spanish property, or
goods or merchandise of any sort from Spain, and subjects all
such to confiscation. The Spaniards and Mexican Creoles
who wish to leave the country have permission, but are not
►suffered to carry any property with them.

NORWICH, APRIL 8.

Mr. Secretary PEEL in January last addressed
a circular to the Visiting Magistrates of the twenty gaols
and houses of correction, where tread wheels have been esta-
blished ; " asking how long the tread wheel had been in
operation ; and whether they had found any injurious effects
had been produced by it, on the bodies or legs of the prisoners
who had worked thereat ?" The replies of the Magistrates in
effect were, that no injury
of the sort was complained of ; on
the contrary, that the tread wheel conduced to health rather
than otherwise.—The following is the answer from the Rev.
Chancellor Yonge
,s,weltam, Titli January, 1823.
SlR—Being one- of the Visiting Magistrates of the Swell.
ham Bridewell, ant resident upon the spot, and having shown
your letter of the 18th instant to such of the other Visiting
11Iagistrates as I have seen, I send you the following an-
swer to it, with their concurrence. The Tread 'Wheel has
been In use here about four months, and during that
time no injurious effects whatever have been experienced
to the health of the prisoners ; indeed, we finished our
report to .the Sessiona last week, with observing, that
" though there had been in general a large number of pri-
soners, they have been very healthy ; which may, perhaps, in
some measure, be owing to the regular exercise on the Tread
Wheel." We have had. about 78 prisoners during that time.
I have also seen the medical attendant on the Bridewell, and
his opinion likewise is that the exercise of the Tread Wheel is
very salutary. I am, &c.
llobhouse, Bsq. (Signed) YONGE.
41.• The Inquiry to which the foregoing article refers does
honour to Mr. Secretary PEEL, from whom every regard to
official duty and private humanity, may be confidently expected;
and it is highly gratifying to find thin it received so satisfactory
an answer front the Reverend Magistrate.—(ED. of THE SUN.)

THE FRENCH DECLARATION -ON ENTERING
THE SPANISH TERRITORY.

We are at length enabled to lay before our
Readers .the French Declaration of Hostilities,
signed by the Duke d'ANGouLcme, and counter-
signed, not by his Highness's Major-General, but
by M. MARTIGNAC, who; our Readers are aware,
is attached in a diplomatic capacity to the Army.
The document, indeed, although issued by the
General in Chief of the Army of the Pyrenees, is
not a Military Proclamation, but a Slate Paper,
or political Manifesto, of the alleged motives
and objects of • the war. It was prepared in
Paris, and bears the date on which we some
time since stated it to have been received in
London. The date, however, has been altered
(no uncommon thing in diplomacy), in conse-
quence of the time origiaally fixed for the
entrance of the French army into the Penin-
sula having been Postponed. Some of our
contemporaries not only denied, with an air of
authority, that the Declaration of France had
been received in this country, but affirmed, with
the same confidence, that no Declaration what-
ever had been drawn up,—that none Was intended
to, be drawn up,—and that none consequently
would be issued ! The Public can now judge of
the degree of reliance which ought to be placed
on such statements.

As for the document itself, which we subjoin,
we' know not which most to admire,--the
unblushing effrontery of its assertions, or the
utter failure of the attempt which is made in it
to define the object and intentions of the French
Government. Nothing can be more unjust and
unfounded than the former ;—nothing more
vague, aimless, and puerile, than the latter.
The Spanish Government is accused of having
tried every means to corrupt the French
Army, and to excite troubles in France,
and of having invited French refugees to
organize rebellion against the Government
of France within the Spanish territory ! What
then ! These provocations cannot be alleged as
the cause of the war; for they have only been
offerefl since the King of FRANCE announced
that war was already resolved on, and that a
hundred thousand Frenchmen were prepared for
the invasion of the Peninsula! The hostile
measures adopted by Spain were of a defensive,
not an offensive, nature; or, at most, were in-
tended as a retaliation for the open and undis-
guised support given to Spanish Rebels by France;
and, as we have already said, were not adopted
until after the intention to invade Spain had been
formally declared by the French King ! The only
colourable pretext, therefore, on which the ad-
vance of the French Army could be justified,
is one which has not occasioned hostilities, but
has grown out of the attitude of decided hostility as
sumed by France, and out of the numberless acts of
hostile aggression and ins►ilt actually committed
by her Government against Spain !—l3ut after
Franco has stated all the grievous wrongs which
have provoked her to this war,—wrongs which
she has supported with such unexampled patience
during" two whole years," and for an atonement
of which she has moreover" waited two months
and a half, in vain,"—after she has enumerated
all her complaints, for what purpose does she at
length resort to arms ?—ls it to take vengeance
for the injuries which have been inflicted
upon her—to obtain indemnity for the past;and,
by the occupation of some of the Spanish Pro-
vinces, to gain security for the future ? 0 no!
She is not the enemy of Spain, but her auxi-
liary !—She does not march to' punish Spain

for her qfl'ences, but to promote her happiness
and her glory ! She has no design to sub-
jugate the Spanish Nation, nor to take Mili-
tary possession of its Territory, but sirrioly
to liberate the Spaniards from the Spaniards,—
to free Spaj from herself,—.-ami to “snatch
whole 'people, from the domination of a j'e:: am-
bitious persons," in which they are inexplicably
held by some unaccountable and mysterious charm
that can only be dissolved by the sword of the
Duke of ANGOULEME! After the French Army

shall have accomplished all these superaa•
tural achievements, they are to return—good,
disinterested, and pious souls—most unlike
any other French Army that ever yet ell*
tered an enemy's country,— they are to
return,—if they happen to be left alive,—into
their own country, without looking either for in-
demnity, or security, or reward,but quite " haPPY
in having preserved a generous people from the
calamities generated by a Revolution !"--Thie
cant can impose upon no one ! The proceedings of
the French Government and the movements
of the French Army must be
well watched.--
But the King of SPAIN ! how are the French
to catch him ?—ITow are the affairs of the
provinces which the French may overran to
be administered, but by Officers appointed. by the
KING ? Louis XVIII. has declared that In*
stitutions and Authority can only flow from
the King! If the KING is never taken, there
fore, the war can never be terminated ; •for the
French cannot retire from a country which they
will have left in the hands of persons decreed to be
Traitors and Rebels by their Sovereign There
must either, therefore, be a peace with the
King's Government, in whicli case the ferp
ambitious persons well still subject the Ode
people to their domination, or the French Ar'
occupation of
mies must remain in permanent occupoo- 0
the Spanish territory, if they are ever able
get it into their possession !

" The DUKE D'ANOOULEME, GENERAL IN CHIEF
of the ARMY of the PYRENEES, to the SPANIARDS.
" The King of France, in recalling his Ambassador fro'
Madrid, had hoped that the Spanish Government, warned et.
its dangers, would have returned to more niotlerate sentiments,
and would cease to be deaf to the counsels of benevolence and
reason. Two months and a half have elaPsed, and his Ma-
jesty has waited in vain for the establishments n Spain of en
order of things compatible with the safety
States.
" The
French Government has supported two whole year"
Christian Majesty,
withunexampled patience, the most unmerited provocations.
your
The Revolutionary Faction, which has destroyed in
country the Royal authority which holds your King captive,
which demands his forfeiture', which menaces his life and that
of his family, has carried beyond your frontiers its guilty eft
forts. It has tried every means to corrupt the army of hie 11°st
of th neighbouring'
same manner as it had succeeded, by the contagion of its doe.
trines and its example, to produce the insurrections of Naples
and Piedmont. Deceived in its hopes, it has invited ushers'
and to excite troubles in France, in the
condemned by our tribunals, to consummate under the pro
tian Majesty, tection of triumphant rebellion the plots formed by them against
their country.
" It is time to put an end to the anarchy which tears spitn,
inherpieces, which deprives her of the power of giving Peece,
.e Colonies, which separates her from Europe, which has 15
t rrupted all her relations with the august Sovereigns whom the
same intentions and the same wishes unite with his Most Chris'
the ye-
car captive King ; to raise again
and which compromise the repose and
rests of France.
" Spaniards !—France is not at war with your countrY..--
syprunour g from the same blood with your Kings, I can only desue
independence, your happiness, and your glory. I sin,
but it about to cross the P
persons,
Frenchmen,
friendsl of order and the laws ; to aid them to liberate their0
ropertYit front
who, in proclaiming liberty, prepare
the
slavery and ruin of Spain. ^tit with
"Spaniards !—Every thing will be done for ru "..1 ~
you—the French arc and will only be your auxiliaries. ' ''''.,r
part
opotsonhet
hrertfierphoit
hieti
noael
ndt
ta,rhsti
ielf)anadi
ea:
odni
inha
our
d thei
fnn
sadpt
ire Two di
in :oho
:a_
er.
e.;an
ni
thet sin,
standardversed
i alone shall wave on your cities. The provinces tro'f
by our soldiers shall be administered, in the Tian: ile
,by Spanish Authorities. The most severed iSCIP '.
be observed. Whatever is i.equir,,,d for the service of the
army shall be paid for with the most religious exactness. 1%
pretend not to impose laws on you, or to occupy your eountrY;
‘Ve wish nothing but your deliverance ; when we shall hays
obtained it, we shall return to our country—happy in lia,rv-bi
preserved a generous people from the calamities generate"
a Revolution, and which experience
astaught us but t°°
h
well to appreciate. 44 LOUIS ANTOINS.
" Head-quarters of Bayonne, April 2, 1823. Chief'
" B •
y his Royal Highness the Prince Genera-in' f his
the Counsellor of State, Civil Commissioner
o
Most Christian Majesty, &e.-
" DE AfARTIGN•
Priesthooda n
d the
h ei t
whole
srhefornt
looeeme gsnupa a
shallast,pemes orciai
tt.
tent
oai the
ounusd,

PROCLAMATION.

FR ENCII FTJNI)S.---APIIII. 7.
Five per Cents.
Closed at .......... 79 f.
Bank Stock
Neapolitan Five per Cents. ....... . ..... 68t c.
Exchange on London—One Month... 26 c'4s C.
Three Months

l
i MondayueTnAv edi privateaeyt DI--••1111"--
S
retur letter from Pads, dated late
oil
the Spanish territory tat the head of his army aaeuttsykotete:nio,iedanr
ergpti ,isßlueskuet afaLeotrrie:pluisyorAitwol
irnattgoiii
dute
sti
swetneoeur roiadfi I
ByevolliLecr,
cau of
Various rumours are euroreantgas°ll(tioa tije
l
nedll
se
his sudden return ; and it appears certaint
