SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

The enemies of Reform are disposed, we find, to add a
peculiar corolla! y to Lord Althorp's declaration, when ar-
guing atainet the total disfranchisement of Petersfield :
" It is necessary," said his Lordship on Tuesday night,
" that the ~11CieS9 of the Bill should not be hazarded in
the fl,,tuse of L"rds by sending up an higher number of
disf,anchised boroughs than- was contained in the last Bill."
Then," says Sir Robert P.-el—and Mr. Stanley did not
set hm right—." you do not mean to m•tke more Peers ?"
Why, surely the number of Peers to be made must depend
upon the number of objectors to the Bill in the first in-
stance, and the magnitude of the batch of course iacreases
the d,fficuity of the operation. As to Ministers not mak-
ing Peers if necessary, and as many as are necessary
(knowing, as we do, that they have his M ijesty's full and
ear, est consent to the measure), we should say
that ihey were absolute traitors to their King, to
their countrymen, and to their own honour, if they
flinched when the occasion came. They are inca-
pahl2 of such basene-s. The Opposition take every
oppoi tuni,y of menacing them with impeachment, if they
a•ternpt to carry the Reform Bill by the new creation of
P..ers. We know not whether such a threat shows the
idiotcy of the Opposition, or only their conviction that the
Ministers are idiots. Impeach a Minister, nay, a whole
bdy of Ministers, now-a-days ! It would be as rational
tyre 'ten them with the stake, and to say that they should
hr ioasted alive as heretics, if they made the new Peers,
What a Loup.garou 1 The time may come, indeed, un-
der a reformed House of Commons, resp-nsible to its eon-
sti'uency, when a profligate and anti-reforming Minister
may b- impeach, d ; hut many and vast changes must take
place ere that time shall arrive. But a ref arming Ministry
may now and always els!), impeachment, when they are
doing th t which all the s,-nse and respectability of the
nation not only admit to be right, but demand as an act of
strict justice.— Times.

E ghteen pages of a Gazette Extraordinary were yes-
terday filled with accounts of the slave insurrection at
Jtroaii a. The correspondence of officers and others ern-
/bled in the rebellious districts, addressed to the seat of
Goy rnment, forma by far the most important part of the
Geeere, and is here and there of a nature to throw at
le st some glimmering of light upon the motives with
which this formideble conspiracy was undertaken. That
it was of a serious character is unfortunately too clear, as
well from the length of time iv!ich elapsed hetween the
first open proof of inenbordination, and the despatch of
the Gov,Amor, Lord Belmore, bearing date the 6th ult.,
which rpresented the slaves to be then only returning to
their duty, as from the vast and fearful extent of country
over which the system of devastation was carried, it
appearing from a letter of Mr. Barrett (custos) near
.llentegor Bay, that according to the general supposition
‘• an hundred plantations and settlements were already
(January 3) in ashes !" This is, indeed, a terrible calamity,
and no small portion of the evil is, that the unmitigated
ruin which thence befalls the owners of such a number of
estates (many of them, we understand, of the first class of
:vest Jodie properties) must re rct infallibly upon the con-
tl,tion of the neeroes themselves, and by condemning them
to increased labour, and to aggravated privation, must go
to ell the general magazine ut discontent, anil eagerness
for outrage against the laws. It is, indeed, timer olivaius
what a glar!ng inconsistency his been committed by those
who have always pressed for ienprovements in the treat-
menr of the negro, s, when they lent themselves to the
aueport of every tax or commercial regulation whereby
the hurdenei on West India property could be enhanced,
and tie planter straitened in his circumstances. When
t°e master is pinched, we must repeat, it is impossible
that the slave should he lightly worked, or attended to in
This &lily comforts. What effects have followed to the
English labourer, from the general decline in the farmer's
fortunes during the last 14-years? Diminished wages, more
scanty field, and gradually accumulated wretchedness. Have
not the same results been experienced by our working manta-
feetwers, owing to the reduced profits, and great compa-
rati-ee distress of the capitalists who had hitherto employed
them ? It is an invariable law, that the distressed man
all over the world will throw as much of his own suffering
as e can contrive to do, upon the shoulders of any
hidy whom he has the power of compelling to bear it;
and therefere that a Jamaica or other colonial proprie-
tor, as well as a British manufacturer or farmer, under
trahatressment, will wring as much bard work as he is
a 'le out of the unhappy creatures who toil fmehis benefit;
taere luring, indeed, just this difference hetween the limits
opposed to extreme severity in their respective cases,-that
the Enelieh employer is deterred from exacting so much as
poi: h' pereeoke the labourer to exchange his service fur that
of the pariah, while the West Indian, driven to desperation,
only the life of the negro, whom be is for-
ni ',len by law to replace, but at the same time in-
fliete such perennial drudgery upon him, as tends
v ry sensibly to shorten life, though without leading
to its sodden destruction. To ca cut tee the amount of
neero rnifory, prOticed by these late outraeea at Jamaica,
will to quire the experience of many years to come. There
is but little said upon the immediate causes of the ineur-
rsetion, But in the depeition of a person named William
Armand, over.eer of Ginger-hill p'aotation, there are pas-
surges
where it may not be difficult to deduce what may
have been a pretty strorg impression upon the minds of
the white community. One active person in a particular
scene of violence he ~tare's to he a slave called Sharp, " a
ru'er of the sect of Baptists," This Sharp declared,
atootiget other thing,, to !deponent, that it was but lutely
be heel begun "to know much about religion ;" hut now
he knew that "freedom" was their right, and freedom they
w:'ul l have,—•' that letets had long ago been sent out from
Enelanil to that effect." This seeems in odd sort of religious
intrectien. Again, this dere pent had learned from one
of the Baptist persuasion, that " a Baptist mi-sionary,
of the name of Burchell," who had gone from the
country lest year, had, a few days back, arrived rut the
!cot of Montego Bay, and though he would not show him-
,. if, had written encouraging letters to his deputiesand black
brethren : so, in another hart of the same deposition,
tins s business of insurrection is termed " the work of the
Lord." Mr. Macdonaal writes, that be had ordered a Mr.
Box, who was described to be " one of the incendiary
preachers," to be imprisoned. But the Paine gentle-
man also hints, what is very probable, that if there
had been evinced by certain white persons a greater
spirit of kindause and frank dealing towards the negroer,
the insurreetiou would not have been so general he the
district of S'. James's, as it did unfortunately prove.
This is no unimportant admission for a Jamaica planter,
who had committed a preacher to prison.— Times.

An Extraordinary Gazette of last night published
the communication from the Governor of Jamaica, re-
ceived at the Colonial-office on Sunday last. The infor-
mation supplied by tie despatch of the Governor and the
accompanying documents is ample, and an attentive pe-
rusal
of them leads us to the conclusion, that the insurrec-
tion may be considered at an end. In only one case did
the negroes display any thing like resolution, namely, in
the attack of Colonel Crignon, in four divisions, when,
en tl e 29th December, they bad 10 killed and about 25
wounded. Colonel Grignon bad only one man killed and
four wounded ; but, from his having been abandoned by
some of the companies of militia under his ecmmand, he
retreated next day on Montego Bay. The great difficulty
was to brine the negroes to action. Sir Willoughby Cot..
ton, in his despatch to L-rd Behnore, of the 2d January,
in which he evinces great anxiety to prevent the horrid
incendiary system from spreading, observes, that if be
were to detach parties, they would be liable to be beat in
detail, and that 10,000 men would not be able to afford
protection to the estates. 6' Whenever I can ascer-
tain (he says) where they are collected, I shall endea-
your to strike a blow, by simultaneous movements,
that will have a desired effect; but there tho diffi-
cuity rests ; for, from accounts I have received that ere
to be depended upon, they are moving every hour
from one place to another." In a despatch of the Sd,
after detailing the success of an attack of a party of them
setting fire to Belvidere, he observes—" The post con-
tinues occupied, nor is there a man to be seen of the ne-
groes, as I am just returned from thence. But the woods
are thick in the neighbourhood, and the paths by which
they retire impassable fur any quick movement of Br itish
to overtake them." The measures which have been i..ken
to cut off the parishes in which the slaves were in a state
of revolt from the other districts, with the yeses the no
groes have sustained, will, in all prohabidiy, so dishearten
them, that the insurrection, which seems to have been
ciused by a delusion that liberty had been granted to them,
and that the Kimes troops would not act against theta,
wid come to a speedy termination. The negroes cannot
1-mg support themselves in the woods, and this impossi-
bility to eubsist themselves without depots of provisions,
with the knowledge that all but the ringleaders will be
pardoned, will lead them to surrender themselves. Sir
Willoughby eays, .n his despatch of the 6th, that the ne-
groes are coming in in AO directions, and he hopes in a few
days to have the negroes bringing in provisions, and sup-
plying Montego Bay again. There seems to have been a
on the part ef the overseers,
very strange neglect of duty
attorneys, and magistrates, in communicating the neces-
sary information to Lord Belmore, for Sir Willoughby
Cotton pointecty observes, '6 That the overseers or magi-
strates shmild not base acquainted the Executive Govern-
ment of the extent to which- the determination of the ne-
groes bad gone WI around the disttict, not to work afte r

New Yeat's-day without being made free, is most alto
nishing, as it would appear to have been known on almost
all the estates that these were the sentiments of the ne•
groea." We are not without our suspicions that the planters
have been caught in their own snare—that they thought
the refusal of the negroes to work after Christmas-day
would make a sirong case aaainst all those who take an
interest in their improvement, as it would show the
daneer of holding out hopes so liable to be misre-
presented by the nearnes, while they might be brought
to return to their duty without the occurrence of any
serious mischief. The destruction of property, and the
attempt at open resistance, were probably more than they
counted on. The destruction of property is greater than
we were at first led to believe. Upwards of a hundred
plantations have been destroyed. If parties of negroes
can maintain themselves in the woods, they may do incal-
culable mischief. They are universally disaffected. "It
is the fear of punishment (says Sir Willoughby Cotton)
that alone acts upon them to come in ; for, depend upon
it, there is a bad spirit amongst them." From such a
spirit every thing is to be apprehended. Sir Willoughby
says---" I have most minutely inquired into the treat-
tnen, generally, and can aver it has been most kind." On
the other hand, the Honourable James Macdonald, Custos
of Tre!awny, more than hints that the misconduct of cer-
toin individuals has not been without its effect in stimu-
lating the natives to vengeance. " lam happy (he says)
to inform you, that every estate under my charge have
continued faithfully at their work, and completely pro-
tect-d their masters' property, which is very gratifying to
me. Ido not wish to makes any insidious remarks; but
if other gentlemen h .d acted with the same kindness, and
taken the same pins to explain the real nature of things
as I have done, I do not think that this unfortunate insur-
rection would have been so general as in St. James's ; in
particular, their vengeance seems to be pointed against
certain individuals." We should imagine that the Ha-
nourable James Macdonald will find himself in a some-
what ticklish predicament after this remark finds its way
back to the individuals pointed at. We have here the old
complaint of want of vigour and promptitude in the outset.
" Had Colonel Tyler (says Mr. Macdonald) acted in the
first instance with the promptitude that I wished hint to
have done, I do not think that things would have got
to such a head in this parish ; but the three Magis-
rates formerly alluded to, persuaded him that I had not
sufficient grounds to order a company of militia to York
estate ; but I knew the people we had to deal with better
than they did, and I tm convinced that a vigorous act at
first would have intimidated them, bef .re they had com-
iMtted themselves so far as to endanger their liVes."
What he means by vigour is sufficiently intelligible, for he
says, " my advice to Colonel Cadien was to take as few
prisoners as possible " The language of the Governor with
regard to the missionat les is what it ought to Lave been.
" If it should appear tube that Englishmen, men of sense
and education, have been wicked enough to excite the
slaves to rebellion, it cannot be suppo-ed that they shall
escape, because they are also mini-tees of religion. But
his Excellency directs me to impress strongly on your
mind the great discretion which, in such a case, should be
adopted to endeavour, by every means in your power, to
divest tribunals front all feelings of prejudice, and, above
of prejudice on grounds of religion ; for, in civil coni-
alotion, the evil is never so great as when it assumes an
tppearance of religi:n." The observation " has reference
to a person of the name 0f,.80x (says Lord Belmore in his
ti-patch,),cl missionary from the Baptist Society, who is
in custody in Kingston ;" but his Lordship, very pro-
perly, declares that he would not hurry him to trail when
so great excitement must necessarily prevail> A Mr. An-
nand, the overseer of Ginger-hill plantation, who was
made a prisoner by the negroes, relates, in a deposition,
several particulars with a view to show that the religious
notions some of the slaves had imbibed from the Bap ists
had led them to believe that they had a right to be tree.
That the insurgent slaves should be Baptists perhaps only
proves that the Baptists have been inure assiduous in teach-
Mg them than others, but it does not follow that they in-
wigated them to revolt. What conclusions the slaves
themselves might draw from reading the Bible is anoth,r
affair. We regret this distinction, but we must not con-
ceal from ourselves that this is part of the curse of slavery
It began in crime, and we are now paying the penalty of
it, —Morning Chronicle.

The declarations of Government en the report of the
Lords' Committee on Irish tithes, together with the re-
port itself, have excited much interest i■ the public mind.
The proposal that Government should pay the Irish clergy
tl,e arrears of tithes for ISM, and should undertake the
office of collecting those arrears themselves, appears at
foot sight plausible and fair, but let the clergy and their
friends be upon their guard. The proposal has clearly one,
and may have a twofold, object ; the obvious object is to
lull the public mind into a belief that the Ministers really
intend a real benefit to the established religion of the land;
it is meant as a sort of peace-offering to the Mishaps, whose
good-wid Ministers will so much need on the second
reading of the Reform Bill in the Lords. Another and a
more latent object is to suspend the attempts to collect, or
he collection, of tithes in Ireland ; it has had that effect
ilrea-ly, and those who take a deeper view of the " tor-
tuous tactics" of Government than superficial observers,
are impressed with a bellef that it is not their intention to
eollect the tithes at all, and that they do not mean to em-
body in the Act of Parliament authorising the Govern-
ment to make advances on the security of tithes due
fur 1681, a permanent provision commuting the
tithes for a land tax on the contrary, it is thought
that two Bills will be brought in for these se-
parate purposes, and that the Bill authorising the advances
will be allowed to pass, and the other will be postponed
for more mature consideration. Now mark the effect of
this. Let the collection of tithes be suspended but for one
)ear, and no tithe will aver age-fissile collected in Ireland;
the clergy will then be in a worse situation tli3,p ever, for
they are not to be armed with sufficient powers to main-
t.in their just rights ; these additional powers will be con-
fined to the Government, and at the end of the year the
Irish clergy will be compelled to submit to any terms of
commutation that Ministers, instigated by the Catholic
Member*, may choose to impose on them. Instead of the
principle of commutation being founded on an equivalent
h:r the surrender of the tithes, the Irish clergy will be
driven by actual starvation to- accept a fifth or sixth of
their present rights, We entreat some patriotic Member
of one of the Houses of Parliament to obtain from the Go-
vernment a distinct understanding as to the course in-
truded to be pursued. Both Bills must prose• tl, pari
possu, if their objects cannot be embodied in one Act, and
the camainutation must be an equivalent and must be per-
manent, not merely respecting existing interests of the pre-
sent holders, but must form the permanent provision for
the Irish Church.—Morning Poet.

If reports; carrying with them an air of authentivit),
are to be relied upon, the Reform Bill has within these
few d iya been on the eve of escaping the shoals and quick-
sands which stilt threaten it nn its arrival in the !louse o
Lords, but that the hopes of the nation have been for the
present deFeated by the unreasonable and inconsistent de
wands of those on whose support its safe progress i 3 made
to dapenel: After all that has been urged by the same
parties sod their adherents, in and out of Parliament
against every feature of the measure, it seems that their
ojections have now dwindled down into two—s deter-
mined hostility to the proposed metropolitan ilfembers, anti
a tiasire to see the household qualification vary according to
the extent cf rack borough. If the hostility of the Anti-
Relormers really moires itself into this, we think they mus
be admitted to have arrived s> a most " lame anti impo-
tent conclusion." For what will hist4ry say of the sense
and consetteney of men who would exclude the inhabitants
of the metropolis from the right which they are willing
to concede to those of Birmingham, Manchester, and Sli. f-
field ?—or who would gravely have us believe that 10/. is
not 10/. every where, but that 5/. in a 4Trill town is equal
to ipb in a large one ? Anxious as we aee to see this
measure t;orrietl, and that. if necessary, by means of mutual
concessions, no ti4e ;:an blame Lord Grey for not yielding
concessions in themselves E 4 manifestly unjust and incon-
sistent as these. We do not whether the elective
franci ise may turn out to be any great Loop to
.the shop-
keeperc in Loudon, or elsewhere. But the question is rpo one
of boon, but of right—not of private advantage, but of
public benefit ; and if it is admitted that it is an indivi-
dual right and a public benefit that the elective franchise
shall be exercised by the inhabitants of second, third,
and fourth-rate towns, we hardly know by whit ttFOls to
characterise the almost imbecile inconsistency of those who
would deny it to the great holy of the inhabitants of the
largest and most ei,lightened city in the empire. The
moderate -Anti-Reformers, ,tliep, we contend, pin them-
selves into a corner, from whence they cinnot escape.
They admit too much to enable them to refuse what th, y
thus attempt to do. It is an undeniable maxim that eyer-v
lesser point is embraced in the larger one; and if the
principle, therefore, be once admitted that the householder
of a given grade ought to become an e'ectf.; in towel: of a
given extent and population, it cannot admit of argument
that the same description of person in the place of the
highest grade ought and must become too. If these,
then, be new the only points at issue between the friends
of Reform and those the withdrawal of whose opposition
would ensure its success, though the hopes of the nation
may be yet for a short time delayed,the issue—and that a
speedy one—cannot be long doubted, if at all.—Morning
Horalci,

LONDON GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY.

WEDNISDAY, FEBRUARY '2;2.

COLONIAL DEPARTMENT.
Downing-street, Feb. 22, 1832.
The following communication from the Governor of Jamaica
was received at this office on Sunday last :
King's House, Jamaica, Jan. 6, 1832.
'My L0111),—I have a painful duty to discharge, in detailing to
your Lordship the substance of accounts I have received, by
which you will learn that an extensive and destructive insur-
rection amongst the slaves in the western district of this
island, has followed a season of unusual sickness and distress,
and that I have felt myself compelled to resort to the most ac-
tive measures, even that of proclaiming martial law, to arrest
the progress of so great a danger.
It was not until Thursday, the 22. d ultimo, that I received
any accounts to excite alarm. The apprehensions which ap-
peared to disturb the public mind during the summer had
nearly subsided. The planters complained of poverty and dis-
tress—the delegates sent forth an ambiguous declaration, depre-
cating (as they expressed themselves) " the insidious attempts
to undermine and render valueless what little remains of their
property"—but the brink of danger on which they stood formed
no part of their deliberations.
On the 22d of December I received a despatch from Colonel
Lawson, a Magistrate, and commanding the Saint James's regi-
ment of militia, dated the 20th, stating that on the Friday pre-
ceding he met the overseer of Salt Spring estate, who informed
him that on the previous day the negroes had behaved with
great insolence to Mr. Grignon, the attorney or chief manager
of the estate : that two constables, who had been sent to con-
vey the ringleaders to Montego Bay, had been assaulted and de-
prived of pistols, with which they were armed, as well as their
mules, and that the negroes had expressed their determination
not to work after New Year's-day. Mr. Grignon having re-
I Paired to Montego Bay, a special Session of Magistrates was
assembled, when he and other persons employed on the estate
gave information of the circumstances which had occurred, and
of the riotous and disorderly state of the slaves ; in conse-
quence of which an order was issued by the Magistrates to Ma-
jor Coates, as the nearest Field Officer of Militia, to send a
detachment of the Saint James's regiment to Salt Spring estate,
for the purpose of restoring order. Major Coates immediately
communicated the directions he had received to Colonel Lawson,
commanding the Saint James's regiment, and who, anxious to
avoid the necessity of having recourse to the militia, and being for
many years well known to the negroes of the estate, delayed
the detachment from marching, and accompanied by Mr. Tharp,
a neighbouring proprietor, proceeded to the estate in the hope,
by his influence, to prevail on the negroes to return to their
duty. He found the negroes assembled in groups about the
buildings on the estate, and was informed that the senior book-
keeper had suffered ill-treatment, and that his life had been
threatened. He endeavoured to expostulate with the negroes,
telling them he came as their friend, and asked them to listen
to him ; they would not, however, suffer him to approach them,
and walked off; and finding all his endeavours to restore order
ineffectual, he left them. Soon after, a party of fifty men of
the militia arrived, when almost every negro on the estate dis-
appeared. The next day they began to return, and when
Colonel Lawson wrote his despatch, the principal offenders only,
amounting to six persons, were absent. This conduct of the
negroes on Salt Spring estate, and information which the Ma-
gistrates had received that the negroes on other estates would
not return to work after New Year's-day, induced the Magistrates,
assembled at Montego Bay, to forward a requisition to Major
Pennefather, commanding the 22d regiment, at Falmouth, to
order a detachment to march to that town, which Major Pen-
nefather immediately complied with. On the following day
received an application from certain Magistrates and inhabitants
of the parish of Portland, desiring that a vessel of war might be
ordered to Port Antonio, on account of some unpleasant ru-
mours which had reached them of discontent amongst the slaves
in that quarter.
Being in Kingston when these accounts arrived, I imme-
diately communicated the information I had received to Sir
Willoughby Cotton. I applied to Commodore Farquhar for a
ship of war to proceed to the port of Port Antonio, and, as a
precautionary measure, I also recommended that ships of war
should be despatched to Montego Bay and Black River, which
Commodore Farquhar, with his usual promptitude and atten-
tion, immediately complied with. I directed circulars to be
addressed to custodes of parishes, inclosing the King's pro-
clamation, and also letters to be written to the Major_Generals
of the Militia, copies of which (Nos. 1 and 2) I inclose.
On the morning of the 28th I received a despatch from the
custos of Trelawny (No. 3), inclosing one forwarded to him by
Colonel Lawson (No. 4), containing certain affidavits, copies of
which (Nos. 5 and 6), I herewith inclose, and further stating
that he considered the information they contained so convinc-
ing of impending danger, that he had determined to assemble
the whole strength of his regiment, and referring to me for fur-
ther instructions. From Mr. M`Donald, the custos of Trelawny, I
also learned that he deeply regretted to find a strong spirit of
insubordination amongst the slaves. That, on the instant,
the trash-houses on York estate, in Trelawny, had been pur-
posely burnt down, and that the attorney who lives on the pro-
perty was strongly impressed with the idea that they intended
to burn the rest of the works. One company of militia was or-
dered to proceed to this estate, but before they arrived the ne-
groes had cut down' the plantain-walk belonging to the over-
seer, and both men and women had fled.
It happened that I had convened a council on the day I re-
ceived this despatch, for the purpose of enabling me to form re-
gulations of quarantine, should such a measure become neces-
sary, by which means an opportunity was afforded me of con-
ferring personally with Sir Willoughby Cotton, who came from
Kingston for the purpose of attending the council, and being
fully satisfied, from the information I had received, that nothing
but prompt and decided measures would arrest the spirit of in-
subordination which prevailed so generally in the parishes of
St. James and Trelawny, I strongly recommended Sir Wil-
loughby Cotton to proceed to Montego Bay with as little delay
as possible, taking with him such an amount of force as he might
deem expedient, anticipating that his immediatepresence would
produce the most favourable effect. Sir W. Cotton readily ac-
quiesced in my proposal, and the following day he embarked on
board his Majesty's ship Sparrotehawk, with two companies of
the 84th regiMent.

On Thursday the 29th, I received various despatches by post,
the substance of which I inclose, (No. 7,) which I lost no time
in communicating to Sir Willoughby Cotton, and immediately
issued the accompanying M. G. O. (No. 8.) On the same day,
at 5 p. m., despatches arrived by express, containing still more
alarming accounts of thd state of the country. The work of
destruction had begun, and fires had been seen, both in St.
James's and Trelawny, to blaze the preceding night, in various
directions. The custos of Trelawny stated that, in his opinion,
nine.tenths of the slave-population had refused to turn out to
work, and Colonel Lawson, instead of being able to oppose
these excesses, had drawn in his regiment to Montego Bay, and
even there appeared to feel apprehension, acting only on the
defensive. Not waiting to detail this information in a letter to
Sir Willoughby Cotton, who, on account of the regular winds
which prevail in this latitude, could not leave Port Royal until
the following morning, I immediately despatched Captain
Ramsey, 77th regiment, my military secretary, on board the
Sparrotchawk, with the letters I had received, not doubting
that, on their perusal, Sir Willoughby Cotton would deem it
advisable to order a stronger force to follow him. By this
means also I communicated to Sir Willoughby Cotton my in-
tention to convene a council of war, according to the 50th
Geo. 111. ch. 17, cl. 74, on the- following day, for the purpose
of submitting to them such information as I possessed on the
state of the country, in order to obtain the it opinion on the
necessity of declaring martial law. The next morning (the
30th) Sir Willoughby Cotton, with the detachment, embarked
on board the Sparrowhawk, sailed from Port Royal for Mon,
tego Bay, and on the following morning, his Majesty's ship
Blanche, Commodore Farquhar, proceeded on the same desti-
nation, conveying three hundred men from the 33d and 84th re-
giments, and sixteen artillery soldiers, with two eight field_
pieces, and rockets, sec.
I did not come to the resolution of assembling a council of
war, for the purpose before stated, until I had thoroughly s atis-
fied my mind that the immediate exigency admitted no middle
measures, that more than any thing else, it would remove an
icaprecsien, which had been made on the minds of the slaves,
that the Executive Government and the King's troops would
not oppose them. That speedy examplp, however greatly
must regret and deplore the necessity of resorting to it, could
alone stay the destruction that had begun, and ultimately save
a greater efflision of blood, and likewise that under martial
law alone I could obtain complete controul over the militia
force, on wbose pervices I must chiefly depend to put down this
rebellion.

form o f the
directed A c a b
foovre
hroelfde
irnr red
cot ou, n
cyourjis o
fl,wo rad,
councileue shall consist of less than twenty-one mem.
shipandi3 yt
willhht the
find cl ct
ah
bers, on this occasion twenty-six persons were present. I
ccmmunlcated to them such information as I possessed, and
laid before them the letters I had before transmitted by Capt.
Ramsey to Sir Willoughby Cotton, copies of which (Nos. 9, 10,
11, 12, 13, and 14) are inclosed; and in conformity with the
unanimous opinion of this numerous council, on the 30th in,
0.1,nt martial law was forthwith proclaimed. No time was
then lost sit issuing general orders, directing the St. Ann's
Western Regiment to assemble at Rio Bueno, the Clarendon
regiment on the confines of Trelawny, Westmorland and
Hanover regiments on the confines of St. James, whereby
endeavoured to cut off all communication between the dis-
turbed districts and other parts of the island with a force ready
to 24,4 under Sir Willoughby Cotton, on his arrival at Montego
Bay. At the same time I addressed a private communication
to Sir Willoughby Cotton, a of which (No. 13) is here-
with annexed.

Accounts arrived, on the alst December, from Maurice
pf the island, stating that the negroes on three estates
Ip-pes, Fog., ('ustos of the parish of Portland, the north east
4 ~treirilFy
had refused to Work, and had betaken themselves to the woods.
It is somewhat remarkable, that this same gentleman, a few days
previous,on learning that a man-of-war, 43 1 hAveb,efore informed
your Lordship, had sailed for Port Antonio, appeared CO consider
the application of the Magistrates had proceeded from ill founded
he was not ignorant that some excitement
apprehension of the hostile disposition of the negroes in that
the mind.; of the negroes about their being made
_ iespateh arrived from General Robertson
remainedquarter , althoughin
tree, expressed his regret that such a precaution had been
the depredations committed by the
adopted, stating that he never considered the negroes in that
had extended along the
neighbourhood to be more peaceable and contented. In the
course of the night a ' r
bnyegwroheischinitthapepepaarriettsh
of
t3int
James
great river towards the parish of Saint Elizabeth, And that the
estate of Ipswich had been threatened. The Officer command-
ing the Westmorland Regiment had posted two companies at an
estate called Haddo, and orders were given for the Saint Eliza-
beth's regiment to hold themselves in immediate readiness.

rurther accounts from General Robertson informed me that
" the rebels were proceeding in the direction of Ipswich and
New Savannah, and that he had moved a large body of men
to oppose them." The following day he communicated to me
the destruction of Ipswich estate, with several others, and
thus concludes :—" I am of opinion that all the force in my
district is unequal to suppress the incendiarism and destruction,
without the co-operation of regular troops." At this time
General Robertson was not aware that Sir Willoughby Cotton
' had proceeded with a force of troops of the line to Montego
Bay. Fifty men of the 77th regiment, and under the command
of Major John Wilson, with a supply of arms and ammuni-
tion, were embarked on board his Majesty's ship Rose, and
proceeded, on the 3d instant, to Black River. On the 3d
January I received another despatch from General Robertson,
inclosing the deposition of an overseer, who had been eight
days a prisoner of the rebels. A copy of this document and
of General Robinson's despatches (Nos. 16, 17, and 18) are also
inclosed. The loss which the rebel negroes sustained at Ginger_
hill, I have every reason to hope may check the depredations
committed in that district. But I think it proper to issue the
accompanying proclamation (No. 19.)
On the 3d instant, I received a despatch from Sir Willoughby
Cotton, informing me of his arrival at Montego Bay, as well
as the troops embarked on board his Majesty's ship Blanche. I
shall not curtail the impression the Major-General has trans-
mitted to me by making extracts from his despatch, I therefore
inclose it. (Nos. 20, 21, 22, and 23.)
On the morning of the 4th, I received unfavourable accounts
from Portland, especially from Mr. Panton, a Magistrate and
proprietor in that parish, whose letter (No. 24) I inclose. Mr.
Panton appears to have laboured under feelings of much alarm.
I had, however, anticipated the necessity of checking any in-
subordination which might appear in that quarter, having as-
sembled the Portland, St. George, and St. Thomas-in-the-East
regiments of militia before his letter arrived. Forty men also
of the 77th had been conveyed in the boats of the Champion
from Port Antonio to Manchioneal, under the command of
Captain Buchan ; and Colonel ISl'Lecal, also in the absence of
Sir Willoughby Cotton, commander at Kingston, had ordered
Captain Tathwell, with thirty men of the 33d regiment, em-
barked on board of his Majesty's ship Hyacinth, to proceed to
Morant Bay, and from thence to march through a populous, and
as yet tranquil, district, where, however, the Saint Thomas-in-
the-East regiment were assembled, to Manchioneal.
The appearance of this force will, I trust, be sufficient to
check any dispostion to revolt in that quarter. It is obvious,
however, from all the information that has been received, that
the negroes have been impressed with a general and firm belief
that after Christmas they were to be free. They will have
much to answer for who have deluded these unfortunate people
into expectations which have led to such scenes of devastation
and ruin, and which now recoiling on themselves, numbers
must expiate by their death. My chief attention, therefore, is
directed to maintain good order where quiet still remains, to
protect the well-disposed, and to be always prepared to as-
semble a strong disposable force, ready to act on the first ap-
pearance of insubordination.

To give greater efficiency in the direction of all military
affairs in this part of the island, I have given Colonel Macleod,
Deputy Adjutant-General on the Staff in this island, the rank
of Lieutenant-General of Militia, whereby I obtain the assist-
ance of an able and experienced officer, and extended his com-
mand over the militia, as well as over the troops of the line.
I also received despatches from Montego Bay, dated 3d in.
stant (No. 25). I have the honour to inclose a copy of one from
Sir Willoughby Cotton, whereby it appears, that the burnings
still continued to be executed in concert, by signal from the
heights. That the leaders who had suffered the day preceding
had all declared that they had been told by white people that
they were to be free at Christmas, and that by these people the
plan of insurrection had been arranged. That, in concurrence
with the custos of the parish (Mr. Barrett), prisoners to the
amount of one hundred not actually implicated as incendiaries,
with the woman, had been dismissed into the country with co-
pies of the proclamation before alluded to, numbered 21.
A despatch was also received from the custos of St. James, of
which I inclose an extract (No. 26). lie speaks highly of the
conduct of the militia ; but, I lament to say, adds to the list of
destruction contained in list numbered 23, intimating the num-
ber of plantations and settlements destroyed to the amount of
one hundred.
From Morant Bay I received a letter from Colonel Delpratt,
inclosing a despatch from Lieutenant-Colonel M'Cornock, of the
St. Thomas-in-the-East Regiment, containing nothing of sulfi.
cient importance here to notice, but by which I collected this
important fact, that although the negroes on some estates had
refused to work, no act of destruction had been committed in
that quarter, with the exception of a trash-house, which had
been burned, but not ascertained to have been destroyed by de-
sign ; at any other time the information would have been suffi.
cient to have created great uneasiness in my mind, but now con-
trasting it with what is passing in the west end of the island, I
regarded it as rather satisfactory.
On the sth I received further accounts from Sir Willoughby
Cotton, dated the 4th (No. 27), and I am happy to say their
contents began to wear a more satisfactory appearance. The
active measures he had adopted, together with the proclamation
he caused to be issued, he observes, " had produced an extraor-
dinary effect ;" the negroes were coming in fast, and a commu-
nication opened to Maroon Town ; the loss the negroes had sus.
tained created a strong panic, and a movement which the Major.
General proposed to make the following day, he imagined would
stop any further depredations in that neighbourhood. By the
same express a letter arrived ftom the custos of Trelawny, a
copy of which (No. 28) is inclosed. I should hardly think it
necessary to transmit a copy of this letter from the custos to
your Lordship, did it not refer to a person of the name of Box,
who, I am informed, is a missionary from the Baptist Society,
and who has since been reported in custody in this town. I
have caused his removal to Falmouth to be delayed, and have
directed a letter to be written to the custos, a copy of which
(No. ‘Z)) I inclose. lam as yet unacquainted with the charge
on which orders were issued for his apprehension at Falmouth ;
but the information received from the custos renders it at all
events necessary that he should be for the present detained ;
motives, however, of prudence and humanity caused me to in.
terpose a delay in hurrying him to trial at a moment when so
great excitement must necessarily prevail.
This morning, the 6th instant, I have had the satisfaction to
receive a despatch from Sir W. Cotton, dated Montego Bay,
January 5, 10 a. in., with still more favourable accounts, a copy
of which (No. 30.) I enclose. Tranquillity, he states, is fast
returning in the adjoining neighbourhood, and the negroes
coining in from all directions, desiring to avail themselves of the
promise of pardon offered in the proclamation. The roads to
Lucea and Maroon Town were open, and many proprietors and
attornies proceeding to visit their estates. Provisions, he states,
are scarce, but being informed of that yesterday, I caused let,
ters to be written to the Mayor of Kingston, anti the custos of
St. Mary, from whence I have no doubt a supply, if not already,
will be quickly sent.
Sir W. Cotton expresses his astonishment I had not been
made acquainted with the determination of, the negroes not to
work after New Year's-day. Referring your Lordship to my
despatch of the 4th of August, I have now the honour to inclose
copies of two letters (Nos. 31 and 112), dated the 29th and 30th
of July, addressed to custodes of parishes, from none of whom
I received unsatisfactory accounts, nor has any complaint
reached me of insubordination amongst the slaves, or any dis-
position to insurrection, although the Members of Assembly,
from all parts of the island, had only separated, on adjournment,
from the seat of Government on the eve of the insurrection.

I send your Lordship the copy of a letter (B No. 33), I
have this day received from Commodore Farquhar, and it is
only due to that officer to declare that, in all my communica-
tions with him, he has always afforded me the most active assist-
ance and support in promoting the good of tile public service.
When it is considered how short a time Sir Willoughby Cot-
ton has been in the disturbed district, it is astonishing what
effect his presence and example have produced in the minds of
the insurgent slaves, whilst the promptitude and decision of his
operations, and the exemplary punishment he felt himself com-
pelled to is.flict on the most atrocious offenders, have convinced
the great mass of the slave population that all further resist-
ance is unavailing; and the colony must ever acknowledge the
importance and value of his services.
Were I to indulge my own personal feelings I might express
myself in a manner strongly indicating the consolation and
relief I have derived from his energy, and at the same time
discretion ; but in bestowing my humble meed of praise on an
officer of such distinction, I fear that I should render myself
liable to a charge of presumption in attempting to add any
thing to a reputation standing on such high ground as that of
Sir Willoughby Cotton. I nave, &c.
Right Hon. Viscount Goderich, &c. BELMORE.

No. I.—(Circular.)
King's House, December 22, 1831.

SlR,—His Excellency the Governor having received intelli.
genee that a disposition to insubordination had manifested it-
self amongst certain slaves on a plantation in St. James ; his
Excellency no longer hesitates to give every possible publicity
to his Majesty's proclamation, which the uninterrupted tran.
quillity that has hitherto prevailed throughout the island had
not seemed to render necessary.
I am directed, therefore, to transmit to you printed copies of
this proclamation, and his Excellency requests that you will
cause it to be read to the slaves by the persons in charge of the
several plantations in your parish.
I have the honour to be, &c.
To the Custodes of the several Parishes. W. BULLOCK.
