LONDON, MARCH 22, 38c2.

YESTERDAY afternoon Mr. HUNTER, jun. the
Messenger, landed at I:6,ver in a Vessel from Bou-
logne, and immediately proceeded to Town, .which
he reached last night. He brought, it is imagined,
Dispatches of importance ; and as he was only three
hours on his passage from Boulogne, to .Dover, he
made the most expeditious journey from Amiens that
has yet been performed.

Paris Journals to the i 7th inst. arrived yester-
day morning, and last night we received an addi-
tional set of French Papers to the 18th inclusive.
From Milan, we learn, that a great change is
about to take place in the Ecclesiastical State ; and
an ArtiCle of the 3d inst. from Ber/irt states, that
there is to be a meeting, in a short time, between
the EMPEROR of RUSSIA and the KING of PRUS-
SI A, for the purpose of bringing to a prompt con-
clusion the affairs pf the Empire. After the ex-
perience we have already had, of the rencontres of
the Sovereigns of the Continent, we feel cautious in
giv an opinion, whether this interview will
have a pacific tendency, or bring " dreadful note
of Preparation."
Switzerland continues to be disturbed by domes,
tic miseries, and foreign aurehensions. An article
from Berne, of the Bth inst. states, that what
augurs unfavourably relative to their new Consti-
tution, is, that in the Senate itself, there was but
a small majority of 13 Senators for its acceptation.
Four Members were absent, 3 refused to vote, and
ro expressly rejetled it.

Fre•sli troubles have. broken out in the 'ltalian
13ailiwicks, if, consequence of the arrival of a
French Officer, - whose untimely visit, accompanied
by an unjust assumption of power, and by unneces-
sary menace's, excited a dread among the People, that
he would shortly be followed by French Troops.

The Deputies from the 84. Distrias of the VA-
LA/S Canton, have arrived at Berne, and have re-
presented to the Senate, the occupation of their
Country by French Soldiers, the consequent desti-
tution of .their Public Funaionaries, and have de-
mandel, in die most forcible language, Proteaion
from, and Union with the Helvetic Republic.
They have also entered a Protest, against the dis-
memberment with which they are threatened.—
Their Address was read, and approved by the Senate,
which firmly acquiesced in its principles, but
which, from the imperious necessity of its circum-
stances, was compelled to declare, that the fate of
the Valais depended on a Superior Power. The
Address, however, 'of the Deputies, was ordered to
be deposited in the archives of every Canton of
Switzerland, as a monument of the patriotic sen-
timents of the People of the Valais.
The Batavian Governmeot has ordered a levy
of 9oco Troops, for the purpose of reinforcing their
Garrisons in the 'West-Indies ; and it has decreed,
that the Natives shall be also embodied, under the
command of Dutch Officers.

The intelligence from Turkey is, as usual, re.
p!ete with notices of insubordination and rebellion.
Of the ultimate fate of the Germanic Empire, we
are still 'left in the dark, though many contradic-
tory speculations are circulated respeaing the que-
stion of the Indemnities.

The Papers which arrived pit night contain no-
thing of importance, except a very interesting de-
tail, given by the Captain of the Syrene frigate,
lately dispatched from .S't, Domingo, respeding the
disembarkation of the French Troops.

The French Funds are at 56 fr. 95

".1.11 E state of affairs in St. Domingo having ap-
peared to excite a very, lively interest in the pub-
lic mind, we have taken 'pains to c011e6.1 some
local information respeaing that Island, the result
of 'which, we now lay before our Readers, who
may depend on. its .aceuracy. We are indebted for
it to two or three intelligent Officers who served
there considerable time, tiyhile thc French part of

it was in our possession.

It seems that TOUSSAINT had made hicnself
master of all the Maritime Posts in this' part, such
as Fort Dauphin, the Care, Port Paix, Mole St.
Nicholas, St. Marc, Port-au-Prince, Leogane,Les
Cayes, 4cc. and of Santo Domingo in ,the Spanish part;
to accomplish which last objet, he must have marched
through the heart of the island. From Cape Francois,
where he appears to have had his Head-quarters, to
this Town, cannot be a distance of less than 200
miles, the one lying on the North-West, the other
on the South-East quarter of the Island.—To re-
duce the latter is the objeet of the detachment under
the command of General KERVERSEAU.—As the
African General has undoubtedly Garrisons at each
of the other points, the French force must ne.
cessarily be very much divided ; so that unless a
. larger number than even 30,000 men, (the most'
that it has been put at) sailed under the command
of General LEC LERC, we can scarcely conceive it
possible that so strong a force as 15,000 as he
states, could have been brought to bear on one

point.
It is the general opinion that the FIRST CoNsut
has acted very wisely in direting his principal
force against the Cape. To save that beautiful
Town was naturally an objet of great anxiety—
but has unfortunately failed. Twice before it has
been nearly destroyed since the commencement of
the Frer.:h Revolution, To the. French it could
not fail to be a matter of the greatest importance
to get possession of that beautiful and fertile Plain,
the richest in the whole Island, which extends
quite from the Spanish Frontier on' the East, as
far as La Limbe on the West, and is from the
sea to the mountains, from eight, to ten miles in
depth. From this produaive part of the Colony
some temporary supplies may be procured for the
Army, though it is probable that a great part of
the plantations have been destroyed by the Ne-
groes. It seems evident from the general tenor of
the Dispatches, that the latter disputed two or
three points with more vigour and obstinacy than
has been admitted. By those who were fully per-
suaded of TOUSSA INT'S hostility to the French,
it was not supposed that he would offer any re_
sistance, till he might have opportunities of at-
tacking them in those parts which would afford
every advantage to the description of troops
under his conimand, and would present every dis-
advantage to. his opponents.
E RC, it seems, supposes that he may have
amassed a considerable treasure at Gozza;ves, against
which he proposed to march with a view of secur-
ing it. But this is surely very improbable ;
Gonaives is a small defenceless village on the West-
ern-side of the Island,
,within a few miles of which
the African General has, we understand, one of his
Country Seats. Should the attempt be made to
march a Column from the Cape to Gozzai-ves, thq
will have to encounter almost every description of
difficulty that any line of march could present.
The distance is about sixty miles, or little less ;
and though there is something like a regular road,
the whole tract, after the fir'st ten miles, is so rug-
ged, woody, mountainous, and full of defiles, hat
a small irregular -force, alive, resolute, and ably
conduCted, would ,be pretty sure to stop the.pro.
gress of a regular Column, by the successful
use of ambuscades; constantly harrassing its flanks,
and-keeping it in a state of perpetual inquietude.--
But should a Column prove successful, as the coun-
try from Gonaicves to Port-azi-Prince is of a dif-
ferent description, the communication would be al-
most immediately opened to the latter from Cape
Francois, from which General LE CL ERC would de-
rive material advantage.
General TOUSSAINT is an elderly man, short, re-
markably ill-looking, and , has lost his teeth.—Vlis
military talents are.-- not looked upon as first-rate :
but he is a man of uncommon shrewdness and sa-
gacity, and has a considerable influence over the
minds of his adherents.—Should he be brought
over, which does not seem very probable, some
other Chief, perhaps of greater military abilities,
might possibly start up as, his successor. To the
,French it is of the first importance to raise a Negro
Corps as soon as possible; and they seem .to nave
begun it,

WE present our Readers with some Extraas from
the REPORT of the COMMITTEE• on the CIVIL
LIST. The fkeport itself is very long, but we shall
continue it from time to time till our keaders are in
possession of the whole. -

The Hamiturgh Mail which became due yqter.
day, is not yet arrived.

Saturday morning His MAjESTY, acconlmnieo
by the-DUKE ofCAMBRIDGF) PRINCES-SES SOPHIA
and Amii.'s A, the Hon. Mrs. HARcoutur, and Gen.
MANNER took their usual ride in -Windsor Great
Park.

HER MAJESTY and the Elder PRINCESSES took
on airing to Froimore.Ludge..
Yesterday morning THEIR MAJESTIES and_ 'the
PR I NC-ESSES,_. accompanied by His Royal Highness
the DUNE of CAMBRIDGE, Lady C. DANlpt.the

Hon. Mrs. HARCOURT, Miss VYSE, the Hon.
Mr. PRICE and General MANNERS, went, to St.
George's Cathedral, where an excellent Sermon was
preached by the Rev. Dr. GOODENOUGH, from
the First. Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians, chap.
15, part of the 56th verse.

" 0 Death where is thy Sting ?"

After Divine Service the ROYAL FAMILY re-
urned to the Lodge.

A French Messenger embarked at Dover on Sa.
turday morning, for Calais. Another with Dis.
patches for M. OTTO, arrived in the Vessel that
brought over the French Journals.
Saturday morning a Messenger arrived at Lord
HAWKESBURY'S Office from France.

Their Royal Highnesses the PRINCE and PRIN-
CESS of WALES were in their respeCtive Boxes" at
the Opera House, on Saturday night. The PRINCESS
exhibited an uncommonly magnificent and brilliant
display of diamonds ; and from the splendour and
beauty of her appearance, attraaed the general no-
tice of the audience.

We arc sorry to hear that Miss ADDINGTON has
been attacked with the Hooping-cough,but it is with
pleasure we add, that the disorder is by no means
severe, which must be considered as a fortunate
circumstance, her late illness having left her in a
state of great debility.
On Saturday Captain GAITSKELL, of the Cam-
brian Rangers, Aid-du-Camp to General O'HARA,
arrived at the Secretary of State's Office, from
Gibraltar, with an account of the death of that gal-
lant veteran, on the zist ult. after an illness of six
months, during which he suffered the most excru-
ciating tortures from his wounds breaking out afresh,
and a dreadful stranguary which followed.
By the death of General O'HARA, there is also a
vacancy in the 74th Regiment, of which he was
Colonel. •

The DUKE of Yon was expeaed at Bath on Sa-
turday, having settled all the arrangements regard- ,
ing the sale of his late house in Piccadilly. On
Thursday last the premises were regularly made over
to the new Proprietors, consisting of sixty Gentle.
men and Tradesmen, who have subscribed moot. 4
each for -the purchase of them, and for new fitting
up the house, which is to be con'verted into 4 Mag-
nificent Hotel and Lodging-house, Agreat number
of new rooms have been already begun to be built in
the garden, the beautiful shrubberies of which have
been destroyed. The purchase money was 45,0001.
It appears from an A,bstrad of .the Receipts and
Issues of the Treasury in Ireland, for the year
ending the sth of January 5802, that the total
amount of the Receipts was 9,4.35,8961. Its. Bd, of
of which the Permanent Revenue amounted to
2,134,2531. and the Stamp Duties 'to 586,0441.
Among the Charges of Issues, is for the Civil List
161,8731. 16s. 9d.—Pensions 513,7651. 14s.
Military Purposes, 3,907,6741. z Bs. 4d.
By Letters from Tobago, dated as late as the sth
February, 1, 802, advices are received, that all alarm
and apprehension which had been excited by the
discovery of the intended Insurreaion was entire_
ly removed, and that the Island was in perfea
tranquillity.
Saturday were received the St. Vincent Gazettes,
to the 3oth of January.—They mention that La Se-
rine French frigate had arrived at Dominique, and
announced that a Republican squadron might be
expeaed therein a few days, probably intended to
at in the reduaion of Guadaloupe. The Gazette
of the 3oth says, "We are'sotry to-learn that the
Kenyon, Guineaman, with upward of 300 slaves on
board, was wrecked off Martinique a few days agp,
and all, except eight, perished, together with rn?st
of the crew, and the Captain.
Saturday letters were received by the Argo fri-
gate from Barbadoes, to the 9th February, and from
Trinidad to. the 29th January, at which periods
those islands were healthy and tranquil.--The Pe-
niqope packet had arrived at Barbadoes.
Saturday evening a Mail was lisp arched from
the Ship-Letter Department of the Post_Office, for
Gibraltar, Minorca, • and. Malta, to be coveyed out
by the kTeelcfs7 frigate now in readiness at Ports-
Mouth, to proceed with tfispatch..s for the Mediter-
ranean. As the orders for her sailing have.not yet
been- dispatched, the Letters which will be received
at the Post-Office, till this evening, will probably
be in time.

vv
The Essex Grand Jury has followed the example I
set by the gentlemen' of Oxfordshire, in resisting
the exorbitant charges made by innkeepers for post_
horses, Fre. anti have resolved to support those whO
shall reduce their charges.
At a Meeting of the Corporation of Hereford on
Monday last, the Freedom of that City was una-
nimously voted to Colonel CovrEttELL, command-
ing the HeiefOrdshire Militia.
Therq were some inaccuracies in the Report
of a Trial. at York,- which some days ago ap-
peared' in. our Paper, FRANK
,'versus SO WE R B
and FIE W Err, which •we are enabled to correet.
It was stated in that account, that the Lady had
not a penny? whereas she ,xas.posiessed of a small
independent fortune—it was likewise stated that
Colonel Sow tlt BY .asked Mr. B. FRANK'S consent,
Which was by no means the case, the
,Colonel deny-
ing that he ever did so in any way whatever.
Several Merchants, who had quitted Amsterdam
before the War, have returned thither to establish
themselves' again.
The Judges of Pennsylvania have determined that
negro slavery did legally exist in that State. The
Judges of North Carolina. have decided that the
late ads prohibiting negroes from being brought
into that State; were constitutional.,
It having been asserted in some of the Morning
Papers, that one in seven-of mankind are subjed to
Hernia, we have the authority 'of the Surgeon of
the SOciety for the relief of the Ruptured Poor, to
report, that, faking the inhabitants in the aggre-
gate, -one in fifteen labour under this , inconve-
nienee. • • /
Railirt Young, lately apprehended for absconding
with 23001. with which he was entrusted as Ading
Quarter.:Master of the Battalion of the Coldstream
Guards, is confined at Portman Barracks, and is in
a 'kw days to be. tried by a General Court Martial
at the Horse Guards.

NA VA L

PLYMOUTH, MARCH 20.

ARRIVED the ship Sophie Magdalena, ,sr art'
from Hambnrgh, H. N, SA.HN master, laden S%llel
linen, wine, &c. bound to St. Thomas's, put in br
contrary winds ; also the ketch Jane, of and, fr'itaj
Hull, GEORGE WARDELL master, laden with cwilsk
for Lisbon ; the Bet. sg, LEE, from Cor::,
provisions ; and the Brother F, DALLING, Ufn°rll
REUXEL, Friends, WILLIAMS, and Friends, WBll..
BORN, from Guernsey.

Sailed the Ramilies, of 74 guns, for Torbay.

PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 2T.

ARRIVED His Majesty's Ship Argo, from the
Coast of Africa.

Arrived at St. Helen's, His Majesty's Ship

buscade, from a Cruize: '
This day arrived at the Motherbank, ;His _IV-I!7'
jesty's Ship Roebuck, from Egypt, with part °fill:
Majesty's German Regiment on board ; she is PuC,

under Quarantine. '
•
Dropt down to St. Helen's, His Majesty's Sh-iP
Medusa.

Sailed the 4atona Frigate, on a Cruize.
This day His Majesty's Ship ,Penelope, C 1
I°3lll
BLACKWOOD, was cleared from Quarantine.
