NUMBER. 3546,

CROYDON, MERSTHA M. and GODSTONE IRON
RA I LWAY.
VOTICE is hereby given, That at a MEETING
1- \I of the COMMITTEE of the CROYDON, MERS-
THAM, and GODSTONE IRON RAILWAY COM-
PANY,
It was Ordered,
That another CA LL, or INSTAL M ENT of Id. per Cent.
be paid by the Subscribers on their respedive Shares, on or
before tbe 27th day of Febrnary.'neit, at either of the fol-
lowing Places, viz. Mesrs. Barclays, Tritton, and Co.
Messrs.• Casti:ll, Powell, and Co. Messrs. Robarts, Curtis,
and Co.. Messrs, Ladbroke and Co. Messrs. Hoare and Co.
and Messrs. Weston, Pinhorn, and Co. Bankers, in London,
for the use 'of the Ctoytton,- Merstham, and Godstone Iron
Railway Company. . • _

Wandsworth, Tan.ll
W. LUTTLY, Clerk of the Company.
. a, iso4.

SOCIETY forESTABLIS-HING an ASYLUM.for MALE
and FEMALE OUTCASTS. •
IHE ATMAESS of this scy.:lE-FY to the Inha-
hitants of Great Britain, stating the Grounds, Objeas,
and general Purposes of the very. Aecesary arid important
Charity they are endeavouring to estahlisli, tilaYse bad gratis
at the following Boolkseller: Messrs. Rivingtons, St. Paul's
Church-yard ; Bond-street; ;lad r.Spragg's.
IClng=street, Covent-gard,:u.

T"ECoRNTHILL, and No. CHARING-CROSS.:
present LO I. EikY willy cl.,se
'SATURDAY NEXT.; the days of Drawing will
can
be as follows :
TUESDAY - - - - January 3T.
THU RS DAY• - - Febivary 2.
SATURDAY - - February 4.
Tkkets and Shares, Wartanterl undrawn, may be had at the
above Offices, where several, Capital Prizes m .the present
Lottery;' have been sold, shared, registered, and paid on de-
mand, by
T.

To WINE and BRANDY NI ERCIIANTS.
AN Esi-ablishment -in the Wine- Trade to be
diF.posed of, situated in one of the most pleasant and
respeaable Cities, at a cOnvenient'disixnce .from London,
the Prop.rietor being about to .reiire -frOm business.
For Particulars apply to NleSsrs. Robert Freebairn and Co.
Abchurch,lane;.Lonibard-street.
•

NEW I NV'ENtE.D 'l.l/itTEk-PR.OOF BOOTS and
SHOFS.
EDWARD MOGGRIOGE, No.-444 Ludgate-
hill, London, begs leave to inform his Friends and the
Public in
.getteral; that after many vearS . attention and expe-
rience, IF.: nas to oiler them BOOTS and SW) ES, WATER- PROO F, with perfect confidence of their being far Superior
t.„„o 43Y qver made. He makes the ightest dress Shoes alati Boots
waterproof, preserving the Leather soft andspliable. He re-
.commends them on shooting exeuriions, as no water can pe-
ise his New_invented S
HOOTING BOOTS.
netrate. LikeW
Leather prepared in this way, has the advantage of lasting
twice as long as Leather dressed in th ommon .way. An
-article of such general utility \\ill n,,
doubt attrael the
attention of the Public, and imuce those who have a „al
-value fin their health to apply at his Nlanuladory, as above.
He has no connexion with an'y other House in London.
E. M. will thanlcthose of his Friends, and the Public,
who may favour him with their orders, to apprize bun as
early as Possible, 3S it will enable him to execute their Com-
mands without di,;appoit)tinent.
N. B. t 1 I.irg,e assorlrnent of Loots and Shoes, WaterPTT!
and otherwise con -a
Trade- -' ' ntlY kept East ati- d 'YV..'s4 ,Inua
• Merchants and Captain§ liberally treated with.
...-..........---....._

. - --
.. . - -- -
THE, Qriginal PATENT BEDSTEADS, SOFA.
BEDs, and CHAIR BEDS, With Very considerable
linproVernents, by MORGAN and SANDERS, Inventors
of their much admired IMPERIAL DINING TABLES,
and Portable Chairs, .and Manuladtirers in general of Mc)"
Bern Upholstery and Cabinet Furniture. A very large Stock
ref every. Article in the above hrinchei, is alWays 'ready for
inspection, for the furniThing Yo uses complete, in the First •
Styled Faihion, and wacranted of the best WorknQishiP)
,and_choieest illlterials.
' Elegant Fotir..post Beds and Bedling cOmplete, with new
designed Window Curtains, Patent Musquito Net Beds, par_
Sanders, portable for all Fotrign Climates, by. Morgan and
Sander's, Furnishing Upholsterers ati:.l Cabinet Mantifaelii-
iers, N0..16. and i 7, Catlicirine-stre,:.t,'Strand.' 'I) ieaie to Obi-
"serve .No. a() and, 17 has.- no _connexion whatever with any :
`other;Warehouse in Loudn. .
• . .
Artily and Navy Equipage of every description, on In-
principles', very portable..
....._____:________:,____ •

Toyed

NE‘krTTFIIEI7
-,--------=-----'
;I OF DR-
F.. 35.
911-1 E extraof,iinary a!,.d higlt Aprrnhatinn with
' I. which -ROBINSON'S -New Article of UNION POP-
LINS has been honour:al, has 'induced him to finish. a great
ariety of hew Colours, Sze. which are ready for the inspec-
. Coil of such I.adieS as, have r of had opportunity of seeing
theta ; and they are respe,ttfully informed, •that the advan-
. tages this they are
over ail other thing,s, are its combina-
tin of, the richness and consistency of the best II:IS H
V 0 P LI NS with tire. softness. -of the
sees MUsLI N, and
(,'.,‘.11,p-, imam Ladies of Fashion, ou seeing the experiment
-`,`, ".44Vv.4nouneed important), It will
bear the must
tte-
-1,1,..11, ancortunon okratiuns • f '-I • without afieding
either its lustre-
colour , ' Y'",
..,1"g
. . , ,or texture-. -.- '
iarrnltes in mourning are,respeetfidly informed, that the
~.above article. is extremely it,mired in Black, and they may
also be supplied' with ev •r - ti •-•- •
. ... ~ yc, ler kind of mourning in the
`greatest state of perleetion.
0 Roil iNsoN continues. to kind
his Sarsnet Cam-
,..brics and Double and &Ingle C:liarnberrys, in abundant va-
oietYi and of superior qurty.; and 'Ladies are ac.quainted,
.t hat his plan embraces (in addition to novelties of his own
'-inventiort) every thing. hat is,laOrjohabje in Muslins, Linen-
cirapery in general, and Sill( Mei'cery so that his Stock of
, , .
per S well as useful articles ot that
shall
excel any other in the Metropolis:,
• N. B. The UNION POP LINTS being-.already.imi7
tared, and otbci things; vvhill'have peen tong in wear, 'hail_
b.enen surnamed, to deceive those who have.notseenthe
that all aAreticle, Ladies are rhenffore requested tOobserive,
"tor, \\l Nstl)Z7us, .hut such as'
are purchased of the n-
,,,,„l,..uattien,
NI lIINSON, No. Royalnrietta-street, Co-
._________--------anufatturer to tile Famiy.

The TRENT, and NI
, 9RCEsTEDe„.,FIZSET, STAFFORDSHIRE and
'nu GLOBE "su'lliq, OXFORD N,VIGATION,
ASSURANCE SHARES, &c.
In th
Feberurt:lllY Sal B jirf e ir CNalinral .
1:o°pI T
erty: on Friday the 3d of
Allettv l. y, f. a"clet i, welve w
o'Clock, at Garraay's, Change-
FIVCon except previously disposed of by Private
E SHARES in the TRENT and MERSEY,
„,f , Pr 0 RNI) TRUNK CANAL, conneding the ports
Nzt s.tverpool and Hull, and communicating through other
j, vi;_g",kiis with Lon:lon, and the principal Trading Places
re.' s "4"nd• The Dividends on this eminent and highly
With well
Concern have advarwel to 311. per Share per 4,ini. ,
with well founded.prospeets of increasing:
The STAFFORDSHIRE and WORCESTERSHIRE
CAN AL. Four Shares in this excellent Concern; thg Di-
:Vidt•nds last Year were considerably to increase. 371 per . ) Share, but may be e3Peaed
The 0 X. 1,0 R D CA.NA L---FIVE SHARES in this esta-
blished and improving Concern; the Dividends have steadily
advanced to 121. per Share per Ann. and will unloubtedly
increase.
. The RAND [UNCTION CANAL Shares, Optional
Loan awl, Bonds, hearing »- per Cent. Interest.
." RO C.l-I DA LE CANAL Shares and Optional Loan Notes,
nearing 5 per Cent: Interest. '
~ G 0 it.E INS I/ RAN C E 30001. Subscription PI. per
k-'ettt. paid, bearing - per Centexpected to he a very bene-
fCial CollCeill. ) •
I:xfo„Particulars at the Swan, at Wolverhampton; the Star,
,at
rd; thellen and Chickens, at Biri in -ham • at Ilatchert '.:,
LQic„catlik; at'Ga'rriway's; .itiid of Mil. Scott, Ludgate-hill.
"40 .

Elegant Periociteal Publications, printed Monthly for Vernor
and Hood, No. 31, Poultry, and sold by all Booksellers
and News Men.
r.l 'HE: BEAU TIES of ENGLAND and WALES;
or Delineations, Topographical, Historical, and De-
scriptive ,of each County, embellished with elegant En-
gravings by John. Britton arid Eliward Wccilake Braylcy.
No. I to 28 are already published, price as. 6d. each, small
paper, or 4s. large.
The Monthly Mirror, refleaing Men and Manners, with
Strictures on their Epitome the' Stage, tc December 1803,
n-
with aelegant engraved Head of James BOaden, Esq. price
6(L- This Work contains ido Head's of 'celebrated-Cha—
racters, engraved in a very superior stile (front original Paint-
ings) by Ridley.. NO. 99 will contain an elegant engraved
Head of Sir James Mackinrosh.-
- The Lady's Manthly Museum, or Polite Repository of
Amusement and instruction ; No. 67, for January 18(4, con-
taining a beautifully engraved Head of Mrs. Sheridan, and
elegant plates of the Fashions, coloured, price only is:
No. 68 will contain a highly finished 'Portrait of her Grace
the Dutchess of Bedford. _

The Poetical Magazine, or Temple of the Muses ;- No. 3i
with an elegant Engraving, price is.
The Temple of the Fairies, from the French of various
Authors, No. r, price is. ornamented with four beautiful
Engravings in Wood; from designs of W. Craig, Esq.
Select Views of Liindon and its Environs, 'containing a
CO 11c#ion'ofillghly finished Engravings, from original Paint-
ings and Drawings, accompanied with copious Letter-press
Descriptions of such Objects as are .most remarkable for
Antiquity, Architectural Grandeur, or Piduresque .Beauty,
No. I, containing four highly finished Engravings, pricers.
'Medium 4to. or 75. 6d. 1 mperial 4to.

This Day was published, price 6s. in boards,
Elegantly printed in One Volume, small Why°,
Inscribed, by, permission.
To the Hon. and Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Durham,
A ESSAY on the UNREASONABLENESS
of SCEPTI CI SM. The second Edition, with Ad-
ditions. By the Rev. I. HAREc A. M. ketior of Coln St.
Denys, and Vicar of Stratton St. Margaret, Wilts.
Printed for tile Author, by 1. Cooke, at the University
Press, .Oxford,. and sold by him, and .Messrs. F. and C.
Rivington, and--E. Williams, London"; Meyler, Bath ;
Collins, Salisbury; Stevens, Cirencester; and Washbourne,
Gloucester.

A Critique on this Essay may be seen in the British Critic
for January, tSoz ; in the. Monthly Review for February,
t8oz; and in Robinson's Annual Register for 1801.
- Likewise by the same Author,
An Essay on the Necessity of Revealed Religion.—The
thinl Edition. • And two Visitation Sermons, published by
Request : one proving that the Church Establishment of
*England is not Burdensome to the Community, even in a
pecuniary sense, but the reverse; the other, that the present
improved State of Civil Liberty in Europe is-owing to the
D ()et rines of tile Christian Religion.

On Wednesday February tst will be published,
No. 1. fur [ANU.AkY 1804,
EnibAlished with► an hi,hly finis:LA Portrait of Di. Richard
IVatson, Lord Bishop of Land,lf; to be confined monthly ;
price is. 6d.
A NEW-SERIES OF

HE UNIVERSAL MAGAZINE : Occasion-
T
ally embellished with Faithful Likenesses, and accom-
panied with Biographical Memoirs of distinguished Person-
ages. Each Number containing at least six Sheets of Letter-
press : consisting‘ot Original Coininimicaticus in History,
Philosophy, Belles L.ettres, Politics, Amusements, &c. &e.
In addition to which will be given an ample and interesting
detail of public Events, provincial Occurrences, and other
Subjels of general importance.
It is with no small degree of satisfaaion, and well ground,
ed hope of success, that we announce to the Public a New
Series of a Work of established merit; and we trust bur
Readers will perceive that we have exceeded rather than di-
minished that zeal, care, and exertion, which have continued
the popularity and pre-eminence of the Universal Magazine
for upwards Of half a century. The limits of an Advertise-
ment will not admit of a very detailed account, or °fa variety
of reasonings satisfaCtory and persuasive : we shall therefore
proceed to state, briefly, the intended arrangement of our
Work.

Original Communications—This department will com-
prehend inquiries into every subjed of human knowledge ;
philosophical Speculations, moral Disquisitions, historical
and biograpffear Remarks, Antiquities, miscellaneous Criti-
oiiginal Essays, and other coosmunications on subjects
of literature in general.
Original Criticism—ln this department we shall confine
ourselves to such Works as are of acknowledged Importance,
Interest, Amusement, or Unlit).
Original Poetry—Will form a part of our Miscellany : but
we candidly avow to the Public our determination rather to
devote the pages reserved for Poetry to some other. object,
than to fatigue or insult our Readers with the vapid effusions
Of mere mediocrity. -
What may be termed the permanent part:of a.Nakazine,
will' in this consist of—Proceedings of Learned Societies,
Literary Notices, the Arts and Sciences; Commerce, Agri-
culture and Rural Economy, the Drami, Parliamentary
Debates, Political Information, Events in and near London,
• Provincial Occurrences, Deaths, Marriages, &c, &c. In a
word, our best endeavours will be. exerted to render the
Universal Magazine an accurate and faithful History of the
Times, . to merit its wonted distinction as a Favourite Repo-
sitory of what may entertain the vacant hour, and engage the
attention of an intelligent and inquisitive mind. The Dra-
matic Criticisms will be written expressly for the Work, by I
per Sons well qualitied.to judge on those subjects.
We trust our exertions will not fail to meet with that ap-
probation which it will be our ceaseless endeavours to deserve;
and hope to gratify every expectation our promises may ex-
cite; arduous as the task may be.
London Printed for the Proprietors, and published by
' H. D. Symonds, No. so,Paternoster-row ; and may be had
of every Bookseller and Newsman iu the United icingdoms4

DR. NORRIS's DROPS.
XTOTWITHSTANDING this celebrated Medi,
IN tine has stood the test of near Half a Century, yet
•fresh proofs of its superior efficacy are daily experienced. In
Fevers of all sorts its reputation is indubitably established;
but in the Black and Yellow Putrid Fevers, so destrudive
in hot Climes, and in Complaints produced by foul and
contaminated air (to use the expression of a Gentleman in the
African Trade), it is a divine Remedy. For its healing qua-
lities in the Gout, Rheumatisim Scurvy, Asthma, Consump-
tions, Complaints of the Stomach and Bowels, and its cor-
dial elieets in the decays of Age, &c. see a Book of Cures
delivered gratis, at the Doelor's house, No. 29, Lower Brook-
street, Grosvenor-square, where the Family Bottle's, 225.
duty included, only can be had, and Orders for Exportation
are executed. Sold in smaller bottles, price t is. and 25..9d.
by Bacon and Co. No. iso, Oxford-street, principal Vender,
and by all other Retailers of Medicines.'
N. B. The Public are particularly cautioned not to pur-
chase any of this Medicine without a Certificate being at-
tached to each Bottle signed by the sole proprietors, Tho.
ale and Charlotte Moore. - •

A liberal allowance is made to Merchants, and those whii
purchase to sell again.

FOR GOUT, WIND, SPASMS, PAINS IN THE STO-
MACH, AND DEII.ILITY ARISING FR,OM. AGE
OR" OTHER CAUSES.

WALSH's,CINGER SEEDS.
THIS Preparation of the Ginger is recommended
for Indigestion, Weakness, Cramp and. Pains in the
Stomach, and in all Disorders where Ginger or Cordial Me-
dicines are necessary. They are also, serviceable in Cold,
Flatulent, 'Gouty, Rheumatic' antt Paralytic -complaints,
and Debilityiaxising from Aye other Causes. Those who
suckle will find them particularly adaptedfor that period, as
they remove that faintness so generally experienced, 'correct
the-Milk, and proven: Pl,tulencies, so fatal to Infants.
They readily dis Solve in any liquid, and are preferable ,to
common Ginger, being freed ,iroin the impurities, and the
woody and fibrous' parts of tne.rait. The quantity of a tea-
spoontul inay be-taken at any time either alone, and chewed
and gradually swallowed, ,kr dissolved in a cupful.of tea, or
a glassot wine, or wine aid water..
Prepared and sold only by F. C. Walsh (Inventor), Che-
mist to His Royal Highness the Duke of York, No. too,
Strand, London, in Bottles, 2s. gd. and los. bd. each,—
Walsh'‘ Powdered Ginger, 7s. 6d, each bottle, •

-•, _
~-`,;.,t,----St\-,,' -.' -....,..:= .
q;'7/;'-''-: 'Mi'',.t.,
,cf-4#J,:.\'.7-'
•:'' :17 ‘p2.--.!'"--,,!z1,-
\, *. . ,
''..,.,•. ~,i„ .... ."-1/42:1‘4,:f,:,7c,..N
0" • , ,-.., t, 1 - ..,,, 1 'r•--,,

(PRICE SIXPENCE.

OFFICE OF OP.D.NIAN`CP.,"
. - „, • • • •yanstary g, 604.
rrrriE PRINCIPAL OFFCERS of :1
.3, r 0R D XICE, d, hereby give Notice, 7 h.‘t
Proposals he receiviefaltheiogA-e in St. Margarrt_stree.,
Westminster, on Thrush), "the: Id day of Febru.z,:y -next, t;--
such`Persons as may t?tundeyake the Supply of LE 1-
THER . BREECHES crud GE,O;!ir",S for the Rgal Horse 4,111 s
lery and Corps of Gunner 13, upon Contra 3 br a- period uf
Three Years from tie Ist of 4pril --
Patterns of the Articles m.iy he sten stpolt application to it
the Ordnance Storekeeper, at Molwieh, and the Term, an./ C:rdi..
lions of the Conroe.? may be kno-uin .it the Secretay's Ofiee, in
St: Margaret's-street aforesaid, aqy dqybetween the hours of n.
and Four o'clock, where the
.Proposal: air Is be deliyered s,aled
up, and marked On the otasi.le, Proposals for the Supp ly of
Leather,; reec hes and G loves ;• • bat •A 9 I'I'')POW: can be ad.
milted after Thursday the .1,1 If',b,..tacy next.
By Order of:he Board,
• • If CREW, Setretau•4

On the llst instant wiii be ribii6hed, printed on a slin:fitie
rnyal.wove m -A ier; ernbellish with a beautifil View f
Abate Video, on the 13apitof the'RiJ Lie la Plata, NJ. I.

• price 2s, ed. of -
ASERIES of LETTERS, written from Stintlt
itincricahy an English ,Pentlentan -detained a.Prisonct
by the Spaniards, in Paraguay, in the vets -1797 and 170,
des;:ripti've of the Country, Government, and Manners of the
inhabitants. To .be completed in Six Numbers, nubiii,.ed,
Monthly, forming an elegant Volume hi royal octavo, with
highly finished Engravings, from Drawin,4s taken on the spot.
Printed for the Editor, and sold by J. Ginger, Piccadilly
H. D. Syininds, Paternoster-row ; and j. Barrett, Bond-
street, Bath.

VALUABLE ESTATES IN THE N(►RTH Uri
SCOTLAND, TO J 3 SOLD.

ryHERE is to he S)1(1 in the course of the en,
suing. Winter, the ESTATES of OLD CASTLE'..`
HILL, WESTEIt. lIvCIIF.S, CRADLEHALL,
KIES, MAINS, of CASTLFHILL, STONEYFIELD,
BOOMTOWN, MUCKOVIL, and BOGBAIN, all 'neat
Inverness, indifierent Lots.

These Estates are- beautifully
.situated in the immediate,
Neighbourhood of the thriving and populous Rbyal Borough
of Inverness, Fort George, and the Caledonian Canal, which:
is now begun. The Farah: are in general sufficiently In.
closed and.in good.ortier, with Houses, Office houses., Car.
dens, and thriving plantations of Wood. Among the nu:ly
advantages, a great part of the Estates are along the Sea-std:!,
and hasie'the benefit of the Sea Ware, The Hills, which are
Extensive, abound with Caine. The Lands and Barony of
Old Castlehill, with the Bargh of Barony, are held of the
-King, and afford a Freehold qualification to vote for a Mem.
ber to serve in Parliament tor the County of Inverness.
Gentlemen who wish to purchase Lands in the North of
Scotland, will seldom find such desirable properties in the
Market. •

For further infbrmation, application to be made to Camp-
bell Mackintosh, Esq. of Inverness.

OXON, GARSINCTON, SANDFORD, mar Oxford,
DORCHESFER. BERKS, RADLEY.
TO LE SOLD 19Y .AUCTION,
By Mr. ADAMS,
At the Star Inn, in Oxford, on Saturday the zsth February
next, between the hours of Four. and Five in the After-
noon, under such Conditions of Sale as shall then be pro-
duced, several Freehold and Leasehold Estates, in the
ETEwHo OBaLmDs: 08ne
following Lots
Lot r. G
FARRS 1.M
1\1:RG)
UTE?
Gardena Teo
Stable, and other convenient, gut-buildings, an Home Close
arid Orchard, about Four Acres, together with I 2.1 Acres of
Arable and Grass Land in the Common Fields, and Rights
of Common.

Lot A very neat and comfortable Brick and Tiled
DWELLING HOUSE, fit for" the Residence of a Gentle.
man fond of Sporting, or tor a small genteel Family, with
Two Carde, an Orchard, and a Close, called the Grove.
about Two Acres, laid out in a very pleasurable stile and
taste, a.good Eight-Stall Stable, Brewhouse, and other con-
venient Otlices, late in The Occupation of Mrs. Sadler, but
now unoccupied.
1013. A PUBLIC-HOUSEscalledtheTHßEE HORSr.
SHOES, Orchard and large Garden, and Our-houses
to the same adjoining and belonging, in the Occupation of
Mr.- John Roberts.
Lot 4. • A small CLOSE of MEADOW or PASTURE
LAND, about One Acre, and a small Close of Arable Land,
about Two Acres, lying together, and near or adjoining. the
-Public-house.

Lot S. A DWELLING HOUSE; and large Garden and
Barn, now used as a Wheelwright's Shop, adjoining, or
nearly adjoining, in the Occupation of Mr. Jana way.
Lot 6. A neat and Compact COTTAG E and garden, in
the Occupation of john Sanders.. _ _

•Lot 7. A COTTAGE, Orchard, and Garden, about an
Acre, in the Occupation of Joseph ‘Vood ward.
Lot S. LEAS E HOLD. A very large MANSION-
HOUSE, Garden walled in, Two Barns, One Stable, and
other convenient, Buildings, a Home Close of about Six Acres
of Meadow or Pasture Land, with about Fifteen Acrs. of
Arable • and Grass Land, lying in the Common Fieidk, to-
gether with Three Cottages and Gardens, Two Horse or Cow
Commons in High Mead, from the szth of May till the sth
of July. In Hey Fun-long, Ten Cow Commons, and Com-
monsfor Sheep and other Cattle in the Fields of North End,
tOr Three Ylrd Lands and a Half. These Premises are holden
of the Principal and Scholars of Brasenose College, Oxford,
liy Lease for Twenty-one Years, renewable every Seven,
commencing-from Lady Day last, at the Rent of IL roil. •
and One Quarter and Half a Bushel and Half a Peck of
Wheat, and One Quarter Three Bushels and One-halt of
Malt, payable at Michaelrmls and Lady Day yearly, subjea
to a Hcriot or 41. 6s. Sit. at the end of Fourteen Years, or on
the Death of the Lessee, and also in every second year of the
Term, to deliver at College a Brawner, or pay the value
thereof.

AIA) a FARM HOUSE, an Orchard, a Barn, about Five
Acres of inclosed Meadow or Pasture Land, with Two Cot..
tages, and about Seventy Acres a Common Field Land and
Commons for Seven Horses Or Cows, -in High Mead, from
the • tzth May to. the sth July, and for Two Cows in Hey
Furlong, and for Sheep and other Cattle in the Fields and all
commonable Places of the North End, for Two Yard Lands
and an Half.. These Premises are holden by Lease under
Exeter College, Oxford, which will expire at Michaelmas
1805, at the Yearly Rent of tl. 6s. Bd. and Eight Bushels of
Wheat, and Ten Bushels and One Half Peck and One Qnar_
ter of Malt, payable Half-yearly, tit Lady Day and Michael-
mas. -

Possession may be had of Lots r, and 8, at Lady Day next,
when the Agreement with the present Tenant, Mr. Thom...,
Aldwerii, will expire.
Loa9. DORCIIFSTER, FREEHOLD. A DWELL-
'IN-GA-(OUSE, Three Barn, :One Stable, -and a Garden
Plot, a Close, called the Little Close, and an Orchard, with
about Forty-eight Acres of Common Field, Arable and Grass
-Land, called Two Yard Lands, and Commons for Six Cows
and Sixty Sheep ; which Premises with others, are in the
Occupation of Mr. Vincent Cited!, as. a Yearly Tenant,
from Lady Day. •
Lot to. TITHE FREE: SANDFORD, FREEHOLD.
A ..FARM HOUSE, Garden, Barns, Stables, and other Out-
-buildings, with about eighty-six Acres of inclosed Arable,
Meadow, and Pasture Land, called Black Birds' Lease Farm,
in tae Occupation of Mr. Richard Castle, under an Agree-
ment for a Leas: which will expire at Michaelmas 1807, at 7
the yearly, Rent 01'01. subjed to a Quit-rent of r6s. 9d. "
Lot II:- RADLEY' BERKS, FREEHOLD.. A
MEADOW, ealled.SAND E LL's M EA DO W, labout twelve
Acres, in the OCeupation of Mr. Thomas. Aldwortli, as a
yearly Tenant front Lady Day, at the yearly Rent of 3S/.
Garsington is a very dry and healthy Situation, iyiug en a
Hill, commanding.xery beautiful Pros peels of the surround-
ing Country, about Five Miles south-east or. (Word.

borchester is at a convenient distance from Oxford, Wal-
lingford', and Abingdon.
Sandford is within Three Miles of Oxford.
IZaillry is adjoining the Thames, within Two Miles of
Abingdon, and Five from Oxford.
For further Particulars, apply either to the Audioneer, or
to Messrs. Morrell, Attormes, Oxford; and ter a View vi
the Estates to the severa.l.Tenants thereof.

A V 1 I,:W

OF THE Rt LATIVE SITUATIONS or MR. PITT AND

Mk. ADDIAGTON, PREVIOUS TO AND OM Tillll

NIGHT OF MR. fATTEN'S MOTION.

BY A MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT

U?ox the subjeft of the tonitant, ae7;ve, and
zealGusMrt, which the Near Obserzter attempted
to establish as a bounden duty of Mr. Pitt and his
Friends, the Writer of this excellent Pamphlet which
we cannot: too strongly recommend to general pera.
sal, thus ably descants

" If really he promised support, either unquaii_
ied and blind, or the effed of a free approbatim of
their measures, from the time they had chosen to ran
algae, so the time that he disclaimed all connection
with them in the House, the charge of insidiousness
would indeed be made out. But the least know-
ledge of his charade( must acquit him for ever of
having promised the surrender of his faculties into
the hands of any one : and as to an approving sup.
port, he could not be supposed to approve of mea.
sures with which he was either wholly unacquainted,
or which he knew only by halves. I repeat it, and
it cannot be too often impressed upon the world,
that front the rwimding up of the Peace of Amiens,
no full or fair communication concernin Foreign
Aifairs was made to him, so as to draw from him
the full benefit of his advice, an advice which was
ever ready when frankly desired. Partial commu-
nications may indeed sometimes have been made ;
and opinivas hastily obtained may have been ball
acted upon, and then thrown aside. The warmth
that he may once or twice have kindled, may have
been even l:ept glowing, until it reached the Con—
tinent : but there it was sure to be marred, dissi-
pated, frozen, and lost. It becomes me not to men-
tion particulars which I have no authority to de-
tail ; but if this be true, it accounts for the strange
vicissitudes of-hot and cold; the orders and counter_
haters ; the rashness and submission, ' like the poor
cat i' she adage, letting I dare not, wait upon I
I would,' that mark the memorable summer of 1 Boz.
However this may he, I trver, that after the Treaty
of Amiens, Mr. Pitt's last care of those who were
paw -ro shew that they could 'taw/ alone, was con-
' fined almost exclusively to plans of Einaxce. Fur
this he laboured by night and by day ; for this lie
sacrificed his le.asure and his health ; and for this lie
tllet with the same return that attended most of his
other labours, lithe grathude, an attempt to change
them, their uaskillul execution, and, their consequent
.loss..

' The mention of-gratitude leads to important
cs.nsiderations. No one, who has the power of
viewing an extended political subject, can suppose,
that by that word, in Public Affairs is meant, that
the Public Interest is not to he paramount to all
Private' Feeling. No mind, in the poorest degree
above the rank of vulgar, can imagine, that because
Mr. Pitt, Profesie.Xy from public motives, was in.
strutitental in the de vation of the present Ministry;
that they were to look upon it as they would upon
h private benefit, and not consider it as they ought
in the light of a public trust. The moment of their
Administration, was, •anti ought to have been, the
mutaent of independence. It would have been
inocker; in IVIr. Pitt, and abjea slavery in them,
bad the one expeded, or the other consented, to a
surrender of what then belonged to the Nation it_
selt,, the honourable exercise of their own faculties.
They had accepted their stations, indeed, upon a
condition of support, which might imply concert,
commuaication, advice, and deference. But these
must all have depended upon, their own sense of con.
enience ; and if they chose to withhold communi.
cation, or withdraw their deference, it would be
injo,tice, only equalled by the folly of such a sen.
titnent, to suppose them ungrateful in ading for
themselves. This sort of gratitude, however, Mr.
Pitt had a right to expett from them ; that after
supporting every measure and every principle that
lie had adopted, during many a tumultuous year of
difficulty a►:d,danger ; after professing to tread in
his steps in all points but one ; to conform to his
policy, and pursue his plans of improvement ; they
should have been watchful on their posts in the de-
fence of those measures; they should have been
tremblingly alive to every attempt at a diminution
of his fame; still more at every attempt to found
their own eulogy uporvihat diminution.

" Whether all of them have been anxious to ful.
fil this duty ; whether they have themselves all felt
with that singleness of heart, which the great cha-
radee that is accused had a right to exped of them,
is unfortunately not so clear in the minds of many,
who yet come forward with good Ministerial Votes.
Mt. Addington, however, who I believe has a most
anxious respell for Public opinion, must have been
aware, that on one occasion, in particular, his love
of thJt opinion subjeded him to a suspicion, that
could not nave been welcome to a generous mind.—
' have no motive to say that he' is Ungenerous, or
to wish to find him wanting in gratitude, in the
sense which I have put tipoa the word. It would,
however, have been better for his reputation, and,
above all, would have given him a better right to,
have complained of insidiousness, if he had appeared
differently from what he did in the Committee of
Supply, on the night of the sth of February, iSoz.
It was a night which he possibly may forget, but
which Mr. Tierney, at least, will always recoiled;
since to the extreme untowardness of that aukward
Debate, was owing, according to report, the retar-
dation of that Gentleman's advancement.
" The bitterness of the attack of the present
Treasurer of the Narvy upon the old objet of his
opposition, then absent, cannot hut be remembered
1.1:!.t the friends of the latter. They remember the
very form and body of the accusation; they remem-
_ ber that he charged him with shuffling off responsi-
. bility, with keeping back accounts when in offce,
.-while his successor was to be saddled with an odium
..which be had net deserved. That successor, he
asserted, cons cruelly and hardly dealt with by the
late Chancellor of the Exchequer.
" But the friends of Mr. Pitt remember more.—
They were struck with. the attempt to raise a new
edifice of fame and charader, not merely built of
new materials, but founded on the very ruins and
fragFnents of the old. The new Chancellor of the
Exchequer was not merely a Plicenix, but a Phconiit
rising from the ashes of (cis vredecessor, It cannot

but be fresh in the memory or the,:
touching upon the West India CI
counts, Mr. Addington said " hi
with horror, anxiety, and alarm,'
the islands, and that therefore

issued a Commission for their

measure was bailed by Mr, Tier

exultation, as a new epoch in the
the Finances; as a reform brough,
tegrity of Mr. Addington alone ;
would never have been interposed
" Upon an attack so pointed,
tically comparative, the friends sal
naturally looked to the new for
fad was eminently otherwise, Atte
fly with all the eagerness of attar
to vindicate his absent friend ;

claim a praise which did not .beloi

ther this was done ; whether he d
ble with a cold and awkward gai'
filment of that just call, I will
attempt to assert; but certain it was, that the ab-
sent Mr. Pitt was defended by other friends in the
presence of Mr. Addington, who disclaimed indeed
the eulogy offered at his expence, but not till he
had witnessed the. indignation of persons ostensibly
less interested ; not till after he himself had spoken
again to the subject; not till Mr. Sturges had
pointed out that the ad for that very Commission,
and with the very views for which exclusive praise
was taken, had been the offspring of the vigilance of
Mr. Pitt's own measures. It was then,_ and not till
then, that .the acknowledgment was made."
After a most candid, temperate, and able review
of some of the leading features of Mr. Addington's
Administration, he says—
" It is far from my intention, and I am sure
from my inclination, to enumerate at any length,
those fads which with silent, but uniform impres.
sion, have made many think that his situation in
the Ministry is by no means appropriate. I wish
not to remember the dilemmas with which he in.
volved the Establishment of the Prince of Wales ;
his strange want of concert with his Colleagues on
the Naval Abuse Bill ; his ungracious yielding to
Mr. Pitt on the Stockholders Exemptions ; or the
blunders and vicissitudes that have marked every
attempt towards the National Defence. I would
forget, if I could, the low state of the Army, com-
pared even with its Peace Establishment, not only
when war was likely, but when it absolutely was
inevitable. I would forget that universal cry for
arms, which, during the whole summer, resounded
through the kingdu,t, and resounded in vain. I
do not wish to dwell upon the obscurities with which
the whole subjea of Ireland has been uniformly
covered; obscurities which, though we may be un-
willing to push the charge of positive disingenuous.
ness, leave him at least entangled in. inextricable
difficulty. I would also forget the sad vacillations
respeding Hanover, and a gallant army, from whose
disgraces the high sense of honour of one of its
Commanders could only find refuge in a Roman
death.

" These, however, are topics of most serious
consideration to those who support him, under an
impression that the Councils of His Majesty are
guided with vigour and wisdom, equal to the calls
Of our dreadful predicament. That Mr. Addington
is a man, faithful to his trust, loyal and true to his
King, no one will doubt : that he has considerable
knowledge, and the habits of business, most persons
allow ; that he has many private virtues, I am taught
to believe ; that with all this, he might be greatly
assisting in any Administration, and deserve well
of his country in most honourable employments,
party spirit alone will deny. But that his situation
as the Leader and head of a great Country; as the
DireEtor of its Councils, and the Manager of the
House of Commons, is appropriate, party prejudice
alone can believe. In that latter capacity, the dis-
position to temporize, and the vehemence to carry
the immediate point in discussion, of which I have
given so many examples, not only cripple him in a
contest with great Leaders, but have often baffled
him against unequal forces. He boasts of the state
in which the country now feels so firm. In compari.
son with the powers that were given him, the el-
fens are mean. The country has defended itself,
and his failure has only _proved how much the wea.
pon is beyond the hands that grasp it. The bow of
Ulysses was not made 'to be bent by the suitors of
Penelope !
" Into his management of Debates, and of the
policy of the kingdom, he has, as is natural, intro.
duced the same genius, which governed his direc.
tion of its foreign relations. If measures are Avcll
conceived, they are hurt in their execution, and are
sometimes stifled by a premature birth ; but all be-
speak a Government faultering, yet obstinate ;
timid, yet rash ;—warned, but not prepared. Are
we too bold in saying that in after.times Mr. Ad-
dington will be considered as a man, rather who
claimed than obtained glory ; rather who had raised
than fulfilled expectation ; dig7;ura imperio,
perasset.
" Here then I will close the most interesting, and
most melancholy subject, that ever engaged my con-
templation. Where the Country suffers, it is no
triumph to me to think, that the positions I have
laid down are invulnerable. Justice to a man whose
reputation it has been attempted to injure, and de-
fence of my own conduct, as well as that of others,
for having withdrawn a support, which we once had
given, are the sole incentives I have had to this exa-
mination. The blows aimed at Mr. Pitt have been
aimed with the sword of Priam. Perhaps at this
moment he stands higher than ever with his Coun.
try ; certainly higher than a struggling and embar.
rased Ministry, entangled in intricacies of their
own forming ; and frotn which I sincerely hope
they may be delivered. That Ministry have, on
all occasions„ desired to be judged by their mea-
sures, provided they were judged in a spirit of can.
dour ; I can safely say, that by those measures, and
in that spirit, I have tried them. I have brought
to the investigation no blind opinions ; no party
views ; neither envy, nor hatred; nor hope, nor
fear! If I thought one line of what I have written
had proceeded from any personal feeling ; or was
not borne out by the plainest fans ; or did not pro-
ceed from the most unmixed public motives ; I
should feel eternal blame for giving it publication.
But I can have nothing personal, nothing private,
where I have either no acquaintance, or have re-

ed no injury. 'With those who have opposed
Administration, I have by no means aced ;
when these opinions were formed, they were
'med solely upon the proofs that came out of their
Igerous conduit. To most of themselves, and of
\r friends, I have a very sincere respea ; to many

.hem regard; to some of them affdlion. As to
to whose condua naturally forms the most promi_

,t subject of the discussion, I know him only in
Measures, and in his Speeches ; and if it were
ierwise, it is there only that I should look for
I have meiinvhim no disrespea ; if he is just,

will be more anxibus to refute, than to resent ;
if he can refute,. kshall have more pleasure in
:nowledghi'g- -than= in defending my error. His
laration firg4ftony the Grenvilles, and then from
Pitt, I have ever considered as a public misfur-
le, as something in the nature of an unhappy civil

The acrimony between the former and himself
lust always lament ; and a reconciliation amongst
them all, upon great and patriotic principles, must
be viewed with joy. At the same time, false
charges against his opponents, however ingeniously
set off, or however promoted by encouragement, will
neither raise his reputation, nor serve his interest.
The Near Observer has at length done him more
harm, than ever it did him good. All that malice
and talent (for I do not deny it talent) could do,
were attempted : yet such was the natural strength
of the objet attacked, that Malice was forced to
call in Misreffesentation to its aid; and Talent
ruined itself by accumulating Inconsistencies. No
wonder that the Treasury should pant for delivery
from an alliance so pernicious, so baleful in its ef.
fat !

" After all, these strifes of patty are ifteari, in
comparison with the wounds of the Country. We
are gamesters of a most dangerous, a most dreadful
order : our play is for neither more nor less than
the existence of Britain, and the King's Crown.
Could wishes decide, there should be an end of party.
All the opposing benches in the House of Commons
present abilities that might yet save the Nation.
Can any one refuse to say that Mr. Fox's mind is
of the veri,:ftrst'Class ? It is dreadful to think that
the whole of this ability is excluded from the Cabi.
net. But men's eyes must open at last to their real
situation. Let,us say with one who well loved his
Country, Expergelcimini aliquando et copessite rem.
publicam."

use present, that in ceivi
:oirmissioll of Ad- the
he had been filled and
~" at the abuses in four
he had instantly dart
correetion. T • thei,
eney with joy a of ti
Administration .. him
it about by the nent
; as a check w ; his ]
I br Mr. Pitt. :-,
,-.. ,nthe
and pry'. ~ , -4,liim,
rt. the--jcji! . he si
r defe- -.-•nd
-, 3... :. „r•
ty exp .-, - ackr
achment••:-'- '7.' S ,sepa
)r at lease.: Il Mr.
)ng to him. ', 1 tune
[lid not rather ; .: war,
it towards the '• 4 „gi
not with accur. y Imi
