NATIONAL CONGRESS.

Baussxr.s, Dec. 17.—Fourteen thousand inhabitants
of the Grand Duchy of Luxemburg send declarations,
protesting against the pretensions of King William to
separate Luxemburg from Belgium. They express their
resolution to be constantly united to it.
The President announced that be had received a letter
from the Archbishop of Malines. In this letter, which is
very long, the Archbishop endeavour; to impress upon
the Congress the necessity of guaranteeing full and entire
liberty to the Catholic religion. He says—" The essen-
tial and vital condition, without which the liberty of
the. Catholic worship would be but illusory, is, that
it be perfectly free and independent in its regime,
apd particUlarly in the nomination and installation
of its Ministers, as well as in its correspondence with the
Holy See. Nothing is more just ; for it is absurd to say
that any society is free, if it cannot govern heel( at its
own pleasure, and choose freely those who are to direct
it ; and what more, since slavery can be imposed on
a religion, than to constrain it to have at its head only
persons agreeable to those who may be its most gruel
enemies ? .
The debate in the Senate was continued. As the
articles of the project of the Committee were proposed,
various amendments were brought forward and discussed,
after which the following articles were agreed upon :-
4, Art. I. The Members of the Senate are elected by
the Electoral Colleges, which chuse the other Chamber.
" 11. The Senate shall consist of half as many Members
as the other Chamber.
" 111. The Senators shall be elected for double the time
that", the Members of the other Chambers are chosen. The
Chief of the State may dissolve the Senate.
"4 IV. Fixes the qualification required to be a Senator.
The debate was adjourned to the 11th in the morning.
The Journal de la Belgique, under the head of Brussels,
Dec. 18, adds the folloWing :
" P.S.—The whole of the regulations agreed upon re-
specting the Senate were rejected, this morning, by 112
votes to 06."
Bit ussets, DEC. 18,—Persons entirely worthy of con-
fidence, who were yesterday at St. Nicholas, relate
that at two in the afternoon, a brisk cannonade
was heard there in the direction of Flushing, and
the mouth of the Scheldt. Several persons went out of
the town to convince themselves of the reality of this re-
port. It is said, that the King of Holland has accepted
the armistice, nothing remains therefore but to exchange
the ratifications.
The Belgium Government and the King of Holland
will each appoint two Commissioners, who with two
Commissioners of the five Powers will repair to the spot,
to fix the line, behind which the troops of both parties re-
spectively are to retire.
ANTWICKP, Dxc. 6.—The time is at hand when Hol-
land must revolve to leave us at liberty, to evacuate our
citadel, and withdraw its men of war. The winter and
its ice will do what our men of holiness will not have
the gloty of accomplishing. We have received we
