supply of every thing connected with the military art, exclusive
of the necessary implements to enable them to carry on their
labours when they reach terra firma. It is but natural to anti-
cipate the most favourable result to the good cause—the cause
of Christian emancipation in the East !--when these succours
reach the Morea. The heroic Greeks, it is true, have suffered
some of the most distressing vicissitudes, but
Post tot naufragia portum e

dignity of Minister of State, and Member of the
Privy Council.
The defeated War Party in Paris are full of
expeCtation that they shall still be successful on
the assembling of the Chambers, the Royalist
majority of the Chamber of Deputies being, in
their opinion, in favour of war. We du not be-
lieve that the majority of the Deputies will op-
pose the pacific policy of M. DE VILLELE. It
ought to be recollected that a great proportion,
at least, of the Royalists themselves, are for
peace ; and, even if there should prove to be a
majority of their own party, the support which
they will receive from the Liberals on the
_Spanish question, will ensure them the pre-
ponderance. Besides, will even the Ultra
Royalists be insensible to ' the probable
consequences of pertinaciously opposing the
pacific determination of the KING ? Is there no
danger, that, if the War Party should obtain a
majority in the Chamber, the KING, rather than
be forced into a war, of the impolicy of which he
is convinced, may discard the Royalists en-
tirely from the 'Ministry, and throw himself
upon the sense of the nation ? It is now
evident, that though the Duke of WELLINGTON
quitted France before the final resolution of
the French Ministry was taken, his Grace had
received the personal assurance of Louts XVII I.
`tat nothing should induce him to commit the
.afety of his Crown and the interests of the
Monarchy to the chances of hostility with Spain.
Considerations of this kind will, doubtless, have
their due weight before the assembling of the
Chambers, and will materially contribute to cool
the ardour of the Ultras for war.

And if we may judge from the snore recent accounts from the
Levant, it would really seem that an effectual check had been
given to the Mussulman power ; and that our Christian breth-
ren, so long kept in the most odious slavery, were about to
break their chains for ever. The valour, the heroic activity
which is now displaying in Greece, is well deserving of the
success aspired at. That the proud unfeeling Turk will be
ultimately driven from Constantinople, we think highly pro-
bable. Would England—the genuine land of liberty and gene-
rous sentiment (a compliment that must be paid you)—but
lend a helping hand, the thing were as good as done. And
though hitherto an inflexible coldness has been shown by that
great country (contrary to what might have been expected) to-
wards the struggling Greeks, yet the notion now very generally
pervades Europe, that a more liberal policy is taking place of
the negative aid so loudly complained of by all enlightened
minds. Let us indulge the hope that event:: will verify this
pleasing assumption, and that England will not suffer herself
to be misled by the wily politics of a certain great Northern
Potentate. It must be gratifying to you to hear that even
Frenchmen are among the foremost to do justice to the liberal
and manly sentiments 'expressed by the Duke of WELLING-
TON at the late Congress at Verona. If peace is preserved be-
w_en our country and Spain, (which heaven grant may be the
case and which we just now rather expect), the British Am-
bassador will not be undeserving of thanks for the pains he
took to avert the heavy calamity of war. It is asserted, upon
very high authority, that the Duke of 'WELLINGTON was
invited by the assembled Monarchs, in the name of the Con-
gress, to undertake an extraordinary mission to Madrid ; his
Grace, it is said, at all events begged to be permitted to delay
his acceptance of this very flattering mark of their confidence.-
1 must not forget to add, that an authorized agent accompanies
the expedition, alluded to in the former part of this letter, to
offer the Greeks a loan of 61 millions of francs, or 250,0001.
sterling."

LI'ROSI THE 1431ERICAN PAPERS.]

FUNDS.-DEC. 28.
Five per Cents.
Closed at B9 f. c.
Bank Stock 1592 f. 50 c.
Neapolitan Five per Cents.
Exchange on London—One Nlonth 25 f. 45 c
Three Months 25 f. 30 c.
(Coors Authcntigue.)
After the regular market they rose to 89 f. 10 c.

SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION.—A large mass of Virginia
coal in the United States Navy Yard at Brooklyn, for the use
of the blacksmiths' shops, took fire on Saturday afternoon, anti
excited much alarm for the safety of the timber sheds near it,
and the new frigate on the stocks. It became necessary to cut
away some of the scaffolds, and with the aid of the engine com-
panies of Brooklyn, the fire was soon extinguished, and the
coal removed to another place. The coal was small and re-
markably sulpbuteous.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.----Mr. Charles Pinkney; Son of
the late 'William Pinkney, Esq. of Baltimore, Secretary to the
Legation of the United States in Russia, has reached the seat
of Government with dispatches from our Minister at St.
Pctersburgh.

Lisbon Papers to the 14th instant reached us
this forenoon ; they are principally occupied with

the proceedings of the Cortes. In the sitting of
the 6th instant a project of a decree was read,
declaring it necessary to bring the Ex-President
of Pernambuco to trial, for various acts, tending
to establish the independence of Brazil, and
'amounting to absolute rebellion.—Another pro-
ject of a decree was read, for putting the

army in a more efficient state, in consequence
of the menacing position of the French Army of
`observation on the Frontiers of Spain, and the
well known despotic disposition of the Allied
Sovereigns at Verona. It was proposed that the
Army should be put on the same footing as it was
previous to the reductions in 1814. The state of
the Navy was also taken into consideration, as
well as a project for a Commercial Code. These
Papers contain a long detail of the proceedings
of the Cortes relative to the Queen.

[Extract of a Letter from the Agents to Lloyd's, at Constants
nople, dated sth November.]
" The Darius, Noble, from hence to Odessa, ran foul of a
sand bank off the mouth of the Danube, and a gale springing
up, both vessel and stores are totally lost—crew saved. Eight
()Cher vessels are lost in the Black Sea, viz. the Austrian ship
Stills; Androvech, in ballast, bound to Odessa ; the Austrian
brig Aureleano, in ballast ; the Russian brig San Nicolo, and
another, commanded by Ivamorsah, both with goods for
Odessa ; the Austrian ships Pallas and Bys, Count Langeron,
and Jio lenis, and Maltese brig Castanza, all with cargoes
from Odessa. A Turkish 74 has been destroyed at Tenedos
by a Greek fire ship. The rest of the fleet cut and ran into the
Dardanelles."
[Extract of a Letter from the Agents to Lloyd's, at Smyrna,
dated Nov. 15.]
" The Flora, Moor, and the Lovely Ann, Burgess, which
Sailed from hence the 19th ult. with provisions for Napola de
Romania, were met outside of our Gulf by some Greek
cruizers, which had received information of their loading
here, and carried into the Isle of Ipsara, where the Greeks
took possession of their cargoes and discharged the vessels,
paying the masters their freights. The Flora returned
here the Ist instant, when Captain Moor' communicated
the intelligence to Captain Askew, of his Majesty's ship
Martin, who immediately set sail for Ipsara, in company
with the Flora, to demand restitution of the cargoes, which
the Greeks 'were obliged to comply with. The Flora was re-
loaded there, and has proceeded on her voyage. The cargo taken
from the Lovely Ann is in warehouse there under Captain
Askew's suit, waiting the arrival of the Lovely Ann to reload it.
vessel left Ipsara with the Flora for this port, but we
fear has been driven to leeward. Captain Askew is entitled
to every' praise for his conduct on this occasion, as well
as for his general attention to British shipping during the period
he has commanded in this quarter.—The Symmetry, Bidwell,
sailed from hence 2d inst. for London ; she ran aground on a
'bank in our Gulf, and was obliged to discharge most of her
cargo before she got off, but not having received any damage
she has proceeded on her voyage."

His Royal Highness Prince LEOPOLD of SAXL
:;'OEURG arrived in Paris on last Friday morning.
His Royal Highness alighted at the Hotel des
Princes, rue de Richelieu, and is expected to re-
main in that city for ten days, after which he
will set out for London.
Count LIEVEN, the Russian Ambassador, ar-
rived in Paris on Friday, on his way to London
from Verona.
A special messenger was dispatched to Vienna,
from the Austrian Ambassador at Paris, on Fri-
day last.
DOVER, DEC. 29.--Sailed yesterday his MA-
JESTY'S packet the Dasher, with the mail for
Calais, and returned from thence this afternoon,
bringing his Excelleucy the SPANISH.AMBASSADOR
and suite.
Letters of the 7th of August have been re-
ceived from Lima by way of Buenos Ayres,
which state that on the 26th of J uly the Chief
Minister MONTEAGUDO, the author of most of the
obnoxious regulations with regard to foreigners
recently introduced, has been removed from
office. His successor, however, was not named.
The campaign in Upper Peru was to commence
on the arrival of the reinforcements from Guaya-
quil, sent by BOLIVAR to SAN MARTIN'S assist-
ance. ,
It • appears by letters from Amsterdam, that
Messrs. HOPE have given notice for the payment
there of the dividends on the. 51: per cent. loan
'made to Spain by Holland, and also of the 31
per cent. loan, both due at the expiration of this
year.
It is stated in a letter from Italy-that the Em-
peror of RUSSIA is causing large purchases to be
made (and at.a high price) of objects connected
with the Fine Arts.
DEATH OF THE MARQUIS OF DROGHEDA.--Thin vene-
rable Nobleman departed this life on the 22d List. at his house
in Sackville-street, in the 94th year of his age. Ilis Lordship's
-titles were, Marquis and Earl of Drogheda, Viscount Moore,
Baron Melleoont, (Baron Moore; of Moore-place, Kent, in
England), Constable of Mar; borough Fort, Governor and
Custos Rotulorum of the King's and Queen's Counties, and
the County of Meath, Trustee of the Linen Manufacture, and
one of the original Knights of the Order of St. Patrick. his
Lordship was also a Field Marshal, and the oldest General in
his Majesty's service. lie raised the 18th Dragoons in the
year 1762, since which time he commanded it until its reduc-
tion last year. His Lordship was married in the year 1760 to
Lady Anne Seymour, eldest daughter of Francis Marquis of
Hertford, K.G., who died in 1787, and was buried in the family
vault at Melfont Abbey, when Isis Lordship's remains are to
be deposited.—(Dublin Patriot.)
On Tuesday the 24th inst. (December) the
Right Honourable Lady ANNE NOEL (with that
benevolent heart which has ever belonged to that
noble family) gave to the poor and small trades-
people of North Luffenham, Rutlandshire, and
to a few others, where she thought it charity,
two fat oxen, 120 quarters loaves of wheaten
bread, and 140 yards of good flannel. •
On Monday afternoon the Rev. MATTHEW
PRESTON buried a child in this town, 'of whose
family the following particulars may be men-
tioned :=Mr. Preston christened the child, and
its father ; he married its father and mother;
GREECE.—We have been favoured with the
married its grandfather and grandmother ; mar-
following Copy of an interesting Letter, dated
tied its great-grandfather and great-grandmother;
" Marseilles, Dec. 16. and married its great-great aunt. He also buried
" The expedition which sailed hence for Greece a few days its great uncle and aunt ; buried its great-grand-
ago, conveys materiel of the greatest importance for the heroic father and great-grandmother ; and buried its
Christians in the East. The large ship Scipio, commanded by grandfather and grandmother.—(Sheifield Inde-
Captain CASTELL, and another vessel of less tonnage, corn- pen den .)
prise the naval part of the expedition. But what is of tran- SALMON.—In consequence of the destruction
scendant moment at the present conjuncture, an extensive ar- of the impediment in the Eden at Armathwaite
moury will be transported tothe combatants, besides uniforms during last winter, called the Bay, salmon have
tomplete for four battalions tie 1,200 men each), with colours, found their way in considerable numbers very
music, &c. In addition to this a corps of the most skilful high up the tributary streams of that river ;in
artificers accompany the expedition, and these take out a large the Lowther, beyond Lowther Castle. •
