UN.

cessful—namely, by the intervention or a Committee ur Asso.
ciation of sufficient duration to be able to make useful, and, in
fact, necessary arrangements.
" 2. The right of such Committee or Association giving any
pecuniary assistance to the pour and oppressed, in order to
enable them to punish, by due course of law, tlitAr oppressors.,
it being obvious that, without money, there can belittle pros-
pect of being able to take the measures necessary to obtain re-
dress froni any legal tribunal. •
" Now,, as the New Catholic Asskiation cannot iro.e*re
any way to procure redress from Parliament, or the Courts of
LaW, and as the Catholics certainly unffer the cruelest oppres-
sions, and the most unjust. exclusions from the undoubted
rights of British- subjects, it is ineitmbent on' them to adopt
other means, altogether unconnected with the New Associa-
tion, of preparing and presenting petitions to Parliament, and
also for preventing and puniShing acts of individual Oppression
and of party violence.
" The petitions to Parliament must-of course be altogether
unconnected with the New Catholic Association, and must
originate with, and be conducted by, General or Aggregate
Meetings, which, as the law now stands, may be contiereed by
adjournment for fourteen days, and no longer. •
" It is obvious.that it would be impossible to arran-gefall the
petitions necessary.to be presented to Parliament during the
ensuing Sessions in the space of 14 days. -•
" It is deemed advisable to have a petition presented from.
every parish in Ireland. •
" The country should be therefore taken separately by
counties. There can, in point of hive, be 14 days given to each
county separately and distinctly, but the business of petition-
ing for each county must be conducted by General or Aggre-.
gate Meetings,'unconnected with the 'New Cathiilia Associa-
tion, and such General or Aggregate Meetings can continue to
sit for the petitions of each county during fourteen days, accord-
ingto the provisions of the Statute.
,‘, Thus the New Catholic Association will have to attend to
details in Catholic affairs, :consistent with the' duration of our
present grievances, and with an acquiescence 'in our present
sufferings.
" The separate or Aggregate Meetings must and will seek
for the redress of grievances, and the alteration of those mat-
ters in Church and State by which we are oppressed. •
" The Committee further very earnestly .recommend to the
'lrish people tomake the' repeal of the said Statute of the fah
Geo. IV. cap. 4, the first object of a petition .to the Legislature,
and that such petition do state to dm Legislature the unconsti-.
tutional and oppressive nature of that Statute, and expose to
Parliament the falsehood of the pretexts on which it was
enacted. . _

" The Committee further beg leave to suggest, that in the
management Of the future petitions of the Catholics of Ireland,
care be taken to have our claims for relief -brought before Par-
liament, and kept free from any extraneous matter, or any de-
tails on srbjects of any other description, we being convinced
that the simple and single object of obtaining unconditional
and unqualified relief trout our disabilities, should be solely at-
tended to as well by the Catholicsthemselves, as by their friends
in Parliament.

" The Committee have further agreed to the following Re-
solution :- _

. _
" Resolved—That the Committee of Twenty-one,
gladly
avail themselves of the present opportunity to return to Daniel
O'Connell their marked thanks for the'undiminished zeal and
talent with whichte hai prepared the plan of a Report for the
formation of a New Association.

" Gonville Ffrench, Chairman ; Gormanstown, Killeen,
E. Preston, John Burke, O'Connor Don, Nicholas Mahon,
C. M"Loghlin, James John Bagot, Daniel O'Connell, Nicho-
la3 P. O'Gorman, William Murphy, Michael O'Brien, Richard
Sheil, Philip Fogarty, Michael Bellew, Stephen Coppinger,
George Bryan.; Hugh O'Connor.—July 11, "
Mr. BRICE, spoke at great length, and with.great energy.
There were loud calls for Mr. Sheil, who, came for Ward and
addressed the Meeting as follows :

Mr. SHELL said—ls the spirit of the country broken ? Do
the people submit themselves in sordid acquiescence to their
fate! Do they how down in prone and grovelling contented—,
ness to the yokt: ? Are they resigned to the sentence or per-
petual degradation that has been prohounced against them ?
Or if they are not lost in the lethargy, are they driven into the
madness of despair ? Have they begun to say " The hope of
Ireland is in the cannon of France ?" Have they given way
in the secret of their own !waits to a terrible and guilty wish?
Have they beheld in imagination the legions of Gaul descend-
ing upon their shores ? Do they • hear the trumpet of invasion
upon their hills, while seven millions of men start into soldiers
at its call ? No, thank God ! no ! they have not indulged in
this sanguinary vision. They do not cherish these criminal
and dreadful dreadful anticipations. They do not
" Yield to that suggestion
Whose horid image doth unfix the hair,"
" The Papists," exclaim our antagonists," are tranquil. They
have been defied by Liverpool, challenged by Anglesea, and
trodden upon by York ; yet they are tranquil." Insolent and
malignant taunt ! uttered in the wantonnessof your ignominious
triumph, and intended to drive a whole people into madness, to
cure it with scourges and with blood.—(Loud cheers.)—The
Catholics are patient, but they are not tranquil. Of what
would their tranquillity be the symbol ? Of despair. And
what would despair engender ? Let the hearts of our ene-
mies answer the question ! 'We still put our trust in the justice
of our claims, in the progress of truth, in the wisdom of the
Legislature, and in the magnanimity of the English people.—
We seek redress by the only constittitional means to which we
are still permitted to resort. The Catholic Association is dead.
Can it be resuscitated ? Nos, perhaps, in all its former life
and substantial efficacy and vigour ; but its genius may be pro-
voked, and its destroyers max, be haunted by its spirit. You
have heard the details of the plan by which many of the bene-
fits of the former Association may be accomplished. "If we
should fail," exclaim the infirm in purpose, and I answer,
"Screw your courage to the sticking-place, and we'll not fail."
—Upon the details of the present plan it is not necessary that I
should enlarge ; they are sufficiently expressed in the Re-
port. The new machine, although of inferior pow,er, will
work the vessel well.—(Loud Cheers.)—The old engine was
admirably constructed; with wind and tide against us we made
amazing way. The ship threw up much surf to be sure,
but she went gallantly and triumphantly along. And are we
wholly to relinquish this valuable instrument of political ad-
vancement ? Let us not forget that the former great confede-
racy of the Irish people (for such it may be justly desingated)
may still hold its meetings for fourteen days, for the redress of
grievances in Church and State. What, then, do I propose?--
Let the Hierachy, the chief Clergy, the Nobility, the Gentry,
and the leading citizens of our body, assemble from Pall parts of
Ireland. Let their debates be continued from day 'to day; and
let the whole mass of national grievances be brought under
re:lew. The eyes of England will be fixed upon so vast, so
powerful, arid so imposing an assemblage of the rank, the
wealth, the influence, and the intelligence of this great country.
The organization of seven millions 9f the Irish people will be
presented in a conspicuous light. The great barriers—the im-
mense pole that separates us from the State, will be made dis-
tinct and prominent. The itnpolicy of permitting so vast a
body to remain separated from the empire, will be illustrated,
and the Minister will learn that nothing but liberty
array' those whom oppression has bound up together.---(Loud li
cheers.)—He will see that the Association of the Catholics arises •
from their disassociation from the State. The next measure
which I propose is one equally simple, and, perhaps, still more
important. Upon a specific day, let simultaneous meetings be -
held in every Chapel in Ireland. OurClergythe unbought
teachers of the Gospel—(cheers)—are with us heart and hand.
They will lend us their pious and ardent co-operation. Upon
the same day two thousand five hundred/meetings will be held.
Thus an enormous movement of the whole population of Ire-
land will be produced. Hitherto the giant has stirred but a
single limb—henceforth• the whole frame of the public mind
should be put at once into motion. Briaretts.should arise and,
lift up his hundred arms.(Loud cheers.)—lf this .great and
appalling proof of the zeal, the. ardour, the energy, and the
union of the people be given—if the Minister behold seven mil,
lions of oppressed and impassioned men starting at once into
the attittide of inflamed and vehement:supplication, will he ,
not whisper to himself that Ireland can: no longer be trampled
with iirpnnity to the earth—that concession is no longer a mat-
ter of election—that while Justice says—" You ought," Ne-
cessity cries out " You must," and that not merely the pros-
perity of faction—the triumph of a party— the victory of Tory
over Whig, and of Protestant over Catholic, are embraced in
this great question ; but that the glory, the stability, and the
very existence of the British Empire are involved within it.—
(Loud cheers.)—These, it appears to me, will be among the
beneficial results which this combination will be calculated to
produce ; and I must. Observe, that we have hitherto neglected
the yery obvious and efficient means oigiving impressiveness to
our claims. .When men in office feel the urgency of the.Ca-
tholit: question,. with the sane intense conviction as the sixty-

PRICE SBVENPENCE.

nine Peers who have passed 'such'atrong resolutions in 'our fa-n, '
your, our liberty will have been achieved. -To prodoce this ;
suit, great exertion will be required. In' the resent
more powerful effort is called for than we have inthertineirrielteee • e
" Now or never" fhonld be our motto. To what do I allude ? 1' .
the anathetna of him who may inherit his father's realities watie
out his crown, and of whom may well be said " Quam Dens vult r• .
pendere prius dementat." He is an unmitigable and releetlee
foe. There is a vehement solidity about him whieli id utter)/ • •
impregnable to argument. His prejudices are fortified by w
• mind which reason cannot scale.—(Loud cheers.)—/t is said
that he is not a bad man. Better that he had the sagacity of. -
knave than the perverse and strenuous fatuity which renders-
him not only careless of the interests of others, but insensible. * •
to his own. It is some consolation to hope that his illustrione•
Brother does not participate in his sentiments. There are some
who conjecture that he mutt have received the itoyal Asseni
when lee spoke of the torture to which the conscience of his':
Majesty would be exposed in being called upon to accede to •
the liberation of the. Irish people. But, for my own part; •
cannot bring myself to think so badly of human nature el to,
suppose it possible that George the fourth should be unfavour-
able to our claims. Why did he come amor.st us? Was it
for the sake of inane exhibition and theatrical parade ? Was,
it for the.purpose of displaying the ponderous pageantry of an
itinerant Court, and of astonishing us e•witti the fantastic
glare, of melo-dramatic' loyalty? It was for a far nobler
:and more` exalted purpose: It' he' had landed 'in Ireland
with no better object than to gratify the passion for popu-
lar applause, which, while it is fatigued, is never satiat-
ed, his visit to Ireland would be little dmerving of comme-
morating. But if, as I make no question, it was intended
with a view to measures of ulterior pacification, it excused and •
almost justified
,the paroxysms of loyalty into which the coun-
try was precipitated. The King's entry into this great city was
an exhibition of the nation's heart. It was, if-I may so say, arm
ovation of the affections, and a triumph of enthusiasm, and of
fidelity, and of love. " There," we exclaimed, " are 'emir
hearts I" and we did not even ask for freedom as an equivalent. '
We stifled the language of entreaty, and so fel-from comelain-
ing, we did not even implore. The day of his departure ar-
rived. Do you recollect that memorable, and I may call it,
that thrilling and pathetic incident—must not the contempla-
tion of the scene which accompanied -his -embarkation have
stirred every source of sensibility to its inmost and purest
'depth within him ? 'When he stood upon the deck of that -,
golden galley that slowly and majestically began to waft him
from our shores—When the sails were unfurled, and the ex- ,
panded canvas began to swell before the wind ; when he looked
back and beheld this beautiful but unfortunate land rececing
behind him—when he saw the green hills crowded to their sum- •
mils with the living masses of his ardent and enthusiastic people
—when he heard the prayers that were offered' up in an undi,
vided application for his welfare—when lie beheld a million of
hands raised up to heaven, to call down blessings on his head
.. . Ido not know of what materials the hearts of Kings
are made; but if he has one touch of human.nature in his
bosom, his heart must have melted
,within him—his soul must
have rushed into his eyes. The recollections of his early life
must have come back upon him; he must have remembered
the time when he was the hope, the trust, time fond anticip:-
tion of Ireland; arid even if his heart, in place of being what
it is, were dry and barren as the strand from which he was de-
parting, all the good feelingsof his youth must have returned like
a spring-tide, and overflowed his bosom with many a high and
pure eMotion.—( Thunders of applause.)—lf at such a moment,
an honest man had stood beside him, might he not have ex-
claimed, " Oh, Sire !is not a spectacle like this a nobler one '
than the golden banquets and the purple balls of yourpalace have
ever yet disclosed ! • Look at the people whom your .Ministers •
devoted to oppression.—(Loud cheers.)—Behold the enthusi-
astic, the chivalrous,- and high-minded men, who stand in
myriads upon our ill-fated shore, and with outstreched arms
bid you an affectionate 'and enthusiastic farewell ! and what
part does it become •you to act towards Ireland—ask it
of your heart ? Do nut take counsel of the Members of
your Cabinet, but_ of those
.monitors whom God has placed
in your bosom '• " liberate Ireland and yourself, emancipate
yourself from' the hypocrisy of Liverpool, the lachrymary
cant of Eldon, and the plebeian arrogance of Peel.—(Loud
cheers.)—Do 'not consider what is' convenient, and dexterous,
and cunning, but what is great, magnanimous, and good ; ex-
tinguish the dissensions of Ireland; consolidate the power of
the Empire; do that which shall make your people happy, your.,
monarchy everlasting, and your name immortal, and perform a
part whichtnatikind-will account -worthy of the Sovereign of a •
great empire and the teiend of Charles Fox ! —(Loud and em e-
tinued cheering.)
Mr. D. BELLEW, after nn eulogum upon Mr. O'Connell, e"
moved the resolution of thanks to the Learned Gentleman:—
The motion having passed unanimously, was received with the
most unanimous and enthusiastic applause, • • •
llr. O'Coierion afterwards moved, and Mr: A. Bnowet
seconded, a Reiolution, recommending the several County
Meetings. , • • . ,
Sir JOHN BunitE, Bart. and Mr. o*Cog-kon DoN moved
and seconded a Resolution, recommending provincial meetings
to petition for a redress of grievances.
Mr. O'CoNNELL rose amidst loud and general eheeting,_
Silence having been restored, he said that the'resolution just
proposed was a working one, •and as he was a manof business,
he wished to take a share in the Catholic work. The Catholics
were now in progress of having another Association, and, by
the resolution just read, they were to make another peaceable
effort for the recovery of their rights and liberties. If they
looked steadily at the obstacles they had to encounter, and
without flinching from the formidable phalanx of bigotry which
opposed them, he trusted it was not within the occurrence of
nature that this beautiful country, or her gay, generous, and
and gallant sons should be long afflicted with penalties dis.
graceful to civilization and humanity. There were three 'Deco.
liar subjects of complaint. The first was, the putting dowu the
late Catholic Association • the iron had entered their-souls, and
they would ever deserve the degradation of slaves if they ceased • .
to complain of that tyrannie injustice which bespoke the incline-
don, if the power existen", to render their bondage perpetual. And
what was the cause of this despicable hostility ? That they had
with ability and honesty obtained that confidence which should
have been reposed in an assembly of the people of virtual repre-
sentatives. The Association began with few materials, but at
the hour of its suppression, its summit was in Dublin, while its .
hase was laid from Cape Clear to the Giant's Causeway: ,They
had at the commencement a few pounds per week; at the close
they were in the receipt of upwards of twoeheindred'pounds per
day ; and if the Association had not been put-down •by legisla-
tive power, it would_ have been impossible for the- 1,300,000
Russians alluded to by the worthy Secretary; th have lerrested
the march of intellectual energy and constitutional liberty._,
That so ingloriOus a triumph should have been obtained ehrotign
the alliance of time friends of civil and religious'. liberty, wise
what caused as much affliction as the -defeatitielf,7 -He eva;
ready to give the most perfect credit, for purity of 'intention, to .
the Marquis Wellesley, in his exert:ona to suppress the
derous ascendancy faction ; , yet he (Mr. O'Cortikell) feared
that in future ages' the Marquis's 'administration in. Ireland
Would only be known by the-suppression of the Catholic A,sso.,
nation ; and-although his Lordship eXpectea that benefit 'to 'the
country would ultimately have followed, yet he waktieceiveti.
and his countrymen were' yet dooMed to slavery, without tiny
thing more to hope diem from the results of their own fortitUde,
perseverance; and anardinity; supported by the justice of their
cause.

The Learned Gentleman upon sitting down received the same
cheering as at the commencement,
Captain Bryan, Mr. O'Connor, and other Oentlernen,.mov€4
several other Resolutioris, after which Lord Killeen was called
tithe Chair, and thanks voted to Lord Gormanston.
Alr. O'CONNELL announced, that Gentlemen who wished
to talk about the New Association, would assemble to-morrow
(this day), O
at half-past three o'clock, at the Corn Excban.
Several Gentlemen paid their subscription', and received their
tickets from Mr. Dwyer.

•
The Brighton Herald says—",.A --forektwr,
with scarcely any flesh on his bones, .and . who is termed • tha
• Living Skeleton,' was landed on the pier from a-packk' on
Thursday. Colonel Williams, who, it is said, has purchased
this frightful object for the purpose f exhibition, imrnt d'ately
sent him off in a chaise and four for London,_and Avtd trim
self the next day. The quantity-of food taken by the skOeton
per day is two ounces."
„
K ---115 JUNE 10.UNKE.It'S HILL .-.Many
'of the old soldiers in this.vicinity, who took
.part in thelbattle
at Bunker's are, we understand, det.efromed..to be present
on the 17th. One of two brothers, who,expect tio.te-present on..
the 17th (Pea. Joshua and Capt. Samuel Seward; cit Sullivan),
has. now the same coat hi wore in the battle, and which 'has. no
less than lane bullet bOles Amerieah Paper.)
