MERCANTILE SHIPPING.

Peace, Nautilus, and
DEAL, MAncir 25.—Wind N.E.—Came down from the
111,,xivverresasn.d siateilmeda,intltlieleCJoilltcrkierriat:,i,t‘tonrdiae,rson,
from Jamaica..
PORTSMOUTH, l'tfAncit N.E.—Arrived the
Two Catherines, M`Gee, from Bahia; Thushway, Filson,
from Buenos Ayres ; and Catherine, M'lntosh, from she,
Downs. Sailed the Bans, Amegas, for BuenoS Ayres.
PLYMOUTH, MAncu 24.—Wind E.—Sailed the Minerva,
Vickers ; and James, Trewaris, for St. Michaels. Off' the
port the Rains, Cunningham, from Madras : sailed the 27th c.f
September, Cape of Good Hope the 10th of .January ; and St.
Helena the 29th of ditto; Britannia, Willet, from London.
Sailed the Henry and Sarah, Bartlett, for Pernambuco; Com-
merce, Pinner, for Newfoundland ; and Susannah, Bulkely,
for St. John's, N. B.

. _
DOVER, MAncar 25.—Off the port the Eggerdon Castle,
Pillman, from Jamaica.
lirtroirroN, MARCH 25.—Off this place the Ogle Castle,
Brown, from Bengal.
GREENCCK, MARCH 23.—arrived the Margaret, from
Honduras : sailed the 7th ult. ; the Janet, Dunlop, and Reco-
very, for this port, sailed the 3rd ult. under convoy of his
Majesty's ship Bustard. On the 12th ult. off Cape Antono,
saw a small foretop-sail schooner of suspicious appearance,
with a ship of about 500 tons in charge lying to, and blowing
very hard. The schooner gave chase to the Margaret, but rrt
being able to bring her to, she hauled her wind and stood ia
towards the ship.
The Adelphi, Stewart, bound to Halifax, which was on
shore near Liverpool, has got off and proceeded on her voyrge.

CORN EXCHANGE, I.l.l.tncir
The arrivals of this week are—English Wheat 4,500, Barley
4,100, Oats 17,700, Irish Oats 2,220 qrs., Flour 4,100 sacks—
In the Wheat market there has been but few samples of r;,l
fine qualities, and such fully sttpport their terms—other sorts
are dull. Barley remains much as last quoted. Beans awl
Pease are without variation. Oats fully maintain ,Monday's
erms with rather more trade than on that day.

SMITHFIELD MARKET, INlAncx 26.
Owing to their being a short market, and the coolness of the
weathQr, higher prices were demanded this morning for Oxen
and Shull, the prices of which may be quoted about twopence
per stone higher than last market-day.

TIIE LONDON JOURNALS.

DAILY

Extracts front the Morning Papers, March 26.

[Tn TIMES.]
We waited with some anxiety on Wednesday
night, for the Speech of the King of France on
the opening of the legislative session, and were at
last enabled to present it to the publicly exclu-
sively. It will, perhaps, hardly repay the inte-
rest which we felt on the subject, though it is not
-wholly destitute of curious matter. It begins by
inferring the approbation of Providence upon the
invasion of Spain, from the success of the enter-
prize. This is the old method practised by the
knavish in order to catch the superstitious.—
Cromwell boasted of the Divine co-operation, as
indisputably evinced and proved in his behalf by
his triumph over his enemies. " You sought the
44 Lord in prayer," says he to the Scotch Com-
missioners, after he had defeated their army,
44 and I sought him. You say he assured you of
" the victory ; and I say he promised it to me :
64 whose cause does it now appear that he
" espoused ?" The Jew says, that " Thrift is
66 blessing, if men steal it not." He is more. sa-
gacious ; he inserts a condition—that at least the
human means employed should be honest—before
success can be alleged as 'a proof of the favour of
Heaven. We will not here speak of the means
employed by the French to detach the Spanish
Generals from their duty, but we will deny that

the success itself, of which Louis and his Minis-
ters boast, is either such as to permit the
most superstitious minds to infer the Divine
approbation of the enterprize, or even such
as this speech describes it. " Spain," it is said,
"is restored to its King !" Is it so indeed, we
ask ? Then let the King hold and keep it. Let the
French army withdraw, and the happy Ferdinand
enjoy his acquisition. On the contrary we say,
and all the world sees, that Spain is not restored
to its King. It is conquered, and held by the
French army ; and the King of Spain has no
power whatever• in the state beyond what his
foreign guests allow him. " Ten years or expe-
rience," the Speech says, "have taught all French-
" men to look for true liberty only in the Charter
" which the King has granted." But how many
times in those ten years has the Charter been vio-
lated ? We should argue, supposing France to
possess " true liberty" at the present moment that
it has only been found in the violation of the
Charter. And it is remarkable, that coupled
with this eulogy on the merits of the Charter, is
the important official information that its pro-
visions are to be yet farther transgressed, by
altering the constitution of the Chamber of
Deputies, and rendering the election of the
whole body septennial. The manner in which
the States of South America are spoken of is cu-
rious. One short sentence comprises them with
the Greeks of Europe. " I hope," says his Ma-
jesty, " that the affairs of the East and of Spa-
" nish and Portuguese America will be regulated
' to the greatest possible advantage of the States
" and people whom they interest, and to the
" greatest extension of the commerce of the world."
This is a most heterogeneous mixture. What have
the Spaniards of South America to do with the
Greeks ? Is it meant to be insinuated that the
success of the former is in no more complete or
assured state than that of the latter ? Be it ob-
served, however, that the comparison which
places the two nations and their causes in the
same condition, does also necessarily assimilate
the two yokes—that of the Turk, and of Fer-
dinand—which those nations are endeavouring
to shake off; and exhibits the Greeks, and the
Spaniards of South America, as equally endea-
vouring to extricate themselves from a barbarous,
superstitious, savage tyranny. But the King of
France hopes that the result of the contest in South
America " will he favourable to the extension of
the commerce of the world." And who does not
hope the same ? But we presume, that as Great
Britain would not allow of the transfer by the
parent state of any of the Spanish Trans-
Atlantic provinces to a third power, so
neither would she asquiesce in any exclusive
commercial privileges granted by, or extorted
from, the Emile obsolete authority, in favour
of that third power. Mr. Canning's speech and
state papers declare, that we seek no preference
in the opening commerce of the new States of
South America ; and that which we do not claim
for ourselves should not be bestowed on others by
an incompetent jurisdiction to our prejudice.—
This part of the Speech is remarkable for its in-
tentional obscurity ; and is, therefore, the more
calculated to excite present suspicion, and shar-
pen future watchfulness.

[NEW TIMES.]
The Speech of the King of France is exactly
what we predicted it would be. We stated Oil
Tuesday that its chief features would be a pro-
posed reduction of the interest on the Debt, and
an avowal of the sentiments of France respecting
South America ; and that on both those points
there would be a great similarity between the
views of the French and British Cabinets. On
other occasions we have adverted to the in-
tention of the French Cabinet to propose Septen-
nial Parliaments ; and in truth these three con-
siderations occupy the whole prospective part of
the Speech. The retrospect is briefly touched.
The notice of the Spanish war is short and unos-
tentatious. It could not be expected but that the
King would describe the war as just on his own
part, and no one will dispute its complete success.
It is satisfactory, however, to find that his Ma-
jesty adds a solemn and spontaneous disavowal
of the permanent occupation of Spain.—With re-
gard to the South American question, a cotem-
porary thinks the Speech not sufficiently explicit.
Certainly there is no principle laid down, and no
scheme of operation proposed ; but silence on
such topics ►s express►ve enough.. We may
apply to such a circumstance the well known
phrase cum facet, clumett. But in fact there
is not a mere silence ; the mention of " com-
mercial relations" very dearly indicates the
course of policy which rrance intends to pursue.
It is not tlnv,,arthy of remark, that the Finance
miuister has been able to wind up the accounts

of the campaign without any new Tax or new
Loan. Of course, in future years, when the
burthen of the Debt shall have been reduced, a
surplus will be created, the application of which
is already determined. On the one hand, the
mass of the people will be benefited by the abo-
lition of certain onerous taxes ; on the other
hand, an act of tardy justice will be done by in-
demnifying the faithful defenders of the throne for
a part (and it can be but a part) of their heavy losses.
With these matters of internal regulation we have
little concern, except as they afford indications
of permanent tranquillity to Europe. The speech
is eminently pacific, and nothing can be more
moderate or wise than the King's plain avowal
on this point. "Itis in the improvement of our
internal situation," says he, " that I shall al-
ways look for the power of the State, and the
glory of my reign."

[MORNING HERALD.]
In a Second Edition yesterday, we gave the
King of France's Speech : we give it again to-
day. There is one excellence belonging to it,
and that is brevity. It speaks highly of the in-
ternal situation of France, and it appears to be in
the contemplation of the Government to reduce the
interest on the debt, which, we believe, amounts
to about one hundred and fifty millions. This is
fifty millions greater in amount than that stated by
Mr. Hume, the historian, when he said, that if ever
it arrived to so (Duch in England, she would be
ruined. Our debt is eight hundred millions, and
yet we are not ruined ; but in contradiction to this,
one of our Judges some time since asserted
that our debt was beneficial. So much for the
prognostications of Mr. Ilume, one of our earliest
political economists ! The speech is vague re-
garding Spain, for which we think a good reason
may be given. The French do not mean to
evacuate that country any more than we do Ca-
nada, or the East Indies, or Gibraltar. The
Speech is still more vague respecting South
America. This confirms us in the belief which
we have before expressed, that the French are
bent on obtaining, if possible, an indirect, if not
a direct influence in that country. We must
confess that we should not like to be holders of
Mexican or Peruvian Scrip. As to the East, or
Greece, the King says little or nothing. We
dare say that the Emperor of Russia has put his
veto to any thing the King of France might have
composed on that head.

[MORNING CHRONIC:LI.]
Lord John Russell moved for and obtained,
last night, the appointment of a Select Committee
" to inquire into the practice which prevailed, in
some parts of the country, of paying the wages
of the labourer out of the Poor's Rates; and to
consider what measures might be effectually
adopted for the abolition of such a practice."—
This is a most important measure, and we trust
the labours of the Committee will lead to a
beneficial result. When we are devising means
to withdraw the Negroes from slavery, we,
may well endeavour to put a stop to a
practice which is fast hurrying the English
peasantry to slavery. When the labourer's ex-
ertions are not the measure of his reward, his
labour ceases to be voluntary, and the lash must
be introduced as a matter of necessity. The
practice has, in fact, been creeping on in various
places, and if we do not return to the old sys-
tem, the Spilsby Poor Bill—which contained a
clause authorising the flogging of lazy paupers,
and which was held up to execration by Sir Sa-
muel Romilly—will soon become the model of
all the Parish Poor Bills of England. Another
most important subject was brought before the
House by Sir John Newport—the Education of the
People of Ireland. We trust that the exertions of
that truly patriotic Member will be crowned with
the success which he has so much at heart. A
press of matter prevents us from bestowing that
attention on the subject at this time which it so
much deserves.

iBRITIeIi PKESS.]
Sir James Mackintosh last night withdrew his
motion respecting South America, reserving to
himself the right, should he deem it necessary, to
renew it again. In doing so Sir James has shewn
his usual good sense and discretion. Abandoning
for the moment the mere spirit of party, he has
consulted more enlarged and wiser feelings, and
reposed on the firmness and the declarations of
the responsible Ministers of the Crown. Mr.
Canning has shewn no disposition to palter with
the character or the interests of the country ;
no Minister, since the days of the great
Lord Chatham, has guarded both with more
vigilant or anxious care. The Papers laid
by the Foreign Minister before Parliament
on this important subject called forth warm
but well deserved eulogiums from all parties.—
His firmness neutralized France, and disarmed
ally confederacy meditated by the Continental
Powers against the rich provinces of Southern
America, and any motion on the subject would
now therefore be worse than a waste of words.
Spain is fallen and abject, while America is free,
and rising into power and consequence. It is clear
that no expedition, either from the ports of Spain
or any other port of the Continent (while Great
Britain forbids the attack), will sail to disturb
her independence. Mr. Canning prudently de-
clined any further debate at present on the sub-
ject. Everything that could be said, useful or in
point, has been said already : further discussion
would only weaken and destroy its effects. We
agree with Sir James Mackintosh, that little
confidence can be reposed in the insincere bom-
bast drawn up by the French Ministry as a
Royal Speech, and given to the King to repeat ;
but we have some reliance on the fears of the Paris
Cabinet, though we would trust nothing to their
professions. Their proceedings are watched by Sir
Charles Stuart with a jealous eye ; and the first
movement of any importance in the ports of France
orSpain would be a signal to the Foreign Minister
to put forth the power of the couetry,and blockade
those ports where a hostile squadron were un-
bending their sails for America. Thus the clouds
that lowered around that fine portion of the New
World have passed away. Spain cannot send a
single vessel to her shores ; Austria has with.
drawn from the confederation ; and neither

France nor Russia will think of any attempt, in
defiance of the threats of oar Minister, and the
overwhelming naval power of this country.

[MORNING POST.]
Th,e Speech of the King of France, on the
opening of the Session of the Chambers, reached
, us at so late an hour that it appeared only in a part
of our impression of yesterday ; we therefore
re-insert it to-day, for the information of all our
Readers. This Speech, it will be seen, depicts
the present state of the resources of France in a
very flattering aspect ; and, what is of far greater
importance to the people of England, leaves
little room to apprehend any serious disturbance
of the existing
peace of the world. That the
French Government should extol the result of
the Spanish campaign, in the first subsequent
Speech from the Throne, is only natural ; but to
characterize it as s, the most generous as well as
the most just of enterprizes," appears an effort of
impudence irreconcileable to any meridion but
that of Paris. Success, of course, decides the
appellation of the
greater number of enter-
,
, prizes, and the King of France asserts the
success in this instance to be complete."—
His Majesty's advisers, however, before they
ventured to array themselves in so much glory
for the invasion of the Peninsula, might have
reflected that in proportion to the
" generosity
and justice" of the war, disgrace attaches to them
for having so long doubted in regard to the policy
of undertaking it. T. us the most gratifying
parts of the Speech are those which so irre-
fragably confirm the opinions lately advanced by
Mr. Secretary Canning on several momentous
points of foreign policy. On the night of Lord
John Russell's Motion, the Right Honourable
Gentleman declared his conviction that the
French Government were anxious to with-
draw their troops from Spain as soon as the
internal state of that country would permit
their removal. In the King of France's speech
we find declarations precisely to the same effect.
" A part of this army," says his Majesty, " has
already returned to France ; the other (part)
shall not remain in Spain, except for the time
necessary to secure the internal tranquillity of
that coentry."—Another point of still greater
moment is alluded to in this speech, as fol-
lows :—" The union which exists between my
Allies and me, my friendly relations with all
other States, guarantee a long enjoyment of
general peace. The interests and the wishes of
States agree in removing every thing which might
trouble it. I have hope that the affairs of the
East and those of Spanish and Portuguese America
will be regulated for the greatest advantage for
the states and people whom they interest, and
for the greatest developement of the commer-
cial relations of the word." It will, in the
gannounced from
first place, be observed, that the " guarantee"
iYnto a renunciation
of " a long enjoyment of generalw hpicehacem,':gtiint
the concurrence of the " interests and wishes
ott
rif7e.S.
btTai States to everyoiteiFerriviroavntc_eu,s
armo to,:
taitithsi
of every intention on the part of that Govern-
ment
to assist Spain by CC force or menace in
the re-conquest of South America." In the con-
ference between Mr. Canning and Prince
Polignac, of which a memorandum is now
before Parliament and the Public, the de-
termination of this country respecting Ame-
rica was most explicitly pronounced, and
if the French Ministry did not subscribe to
the conditions of that determination, the King of
France could not hsTe expressed himself in the
terms we have above transcribed from his
speech. We therefore conceive that, owing to
the firm yet national policy of England, the
independence of the New World has been
secured, and the horrors of war averted in
both hemispheres. The principle of non-in-
terfersece by third parties between the Mother
Country and her former possessions, having (as we
must conclude from the King of France's speech)
been recognised by the European Cabinets, all
that the interest or honour of this country re-
quired has been obtained. Spain and America
ip the field to contest a mere
atter are cioelritiaeidn ym
esntti lot
of independence for the latter—
hut left as we see them to their respective re-
sie expressionacknowledgmentsprotracted.that in the King of
France's Speech are undoubtedly not only gene-
ral, but ambiguous, as to the mode in which the
" affairs of Spanish and Portuguese America may
be regulated." They, however, point to some
adjustment of existing differences, when a hope is
adventured, that the " regulation" will be " for
the greatest developement of the commercial re-
lation of the world," and not the remotest allu-
sion made to the continuance of hostilities, much
less to the re-establishment of Spanish Sovereignty
on the other side of the Atlantic. For our own
part, we now consider the question of South
American independence decided, and no one, we
further think, can have perused the emphatic and
incontrovertible Papers which Mr. Secretary Can-
ning has submitted to Parliament on this subject,
without being convinced that, for the mainte-
nance of general tranquillity, the freedom of the
American States, and the moderation of those of
Europe, the world is indebted to Great Britain
—to the wisdom of her Councils, and the power
of her representations.

MR. CONNOLLY.—We have learned that this
unfortunate gentleman arrived at Newgate on
Wednesday night, from Hertford, in the cus-
tody of Mr. Wilson, and that early yesterday
morning he was removed to Woolwich, prepara-
tory to his being conveyed to New South Wales.
A young girl of fifteen has been apprehended
in Paris, upon a charge of attempting to murder
her mother and an infant child.—lt appears that
this girl entered the room whilst they slept, and
having placed a piece of burning charcoal in the
middle of it, withdrew and locked the door; suf-
focation would certainly have ensued, but for a
cat which was in the room. This poor animal,
feeling the vapour, uttered loud cries, and
awakened the mother, who then called for assist-
ance, and the door being opened, a purer atmos-
phere was admitted. This girl is said to have
made a full avowal of her crime. The child was
nearly suffocated, and with difficulty restored.

PARIS PAPERS.

[From the Etaile.l
PARIS, 111ARcu 23.
SESSION OF 1824—ROYAL SITTING.

A quarter of an hour after the opening of the
gates of the Louvre, all places were occupied by
an assemblage of ladies, whose elegant dresses
formed round the saloon a rainbow, shaded with
a thousand colours.

At twelve, the Peers, in grand costume, were
introduced by the Master of the Ceremonies :
their Lordships took their place on the right of
the throne. A moment after the Deputies were
introduced, and took their places on the left.
While the Deputations of the two Chambers
went to receive the King, their Royal Highnesses
Madame the Duchess of Angouleme, the Duchess
of Berri, and the Duchess of Orleans, followed
by their ladies, came to occupy the seats pre-
pared for them on the King's left.
The King appears. Acclamations of enthu-
siasm salute the adored Monarch. His Majesty
testifies, by several gracious inclinations, how
much he is moved by these marks of attachment.
Their Royal Highnesses Monsieur and the
Duke of Angouleme are placed on stools on the
right and left of the throne. His Serene Highness
the Duke of Orleans is seated further removed.

The Prince de Talleyrand, Great Chamber-
lain, is on a stool at the foot of the Throne ; the
King's Ministers, the Marshals, and the great
Dignitaries, occupy seats a little lower.

The King, addressing the Peers, ;aid Met-
sieurs les Pairs, he seated.

The Lord Chancellor said to the Deputies,
Messieurs des Deputies, the King permits you to
be seated.

The King uncovered to salute the assembly ;
after having covered himself again, his Majesty
delivered the speech (which we gave yesterday.)
We must renounce the hope of depicting the
impression produced by the speech of his Ma-
jesty. What an empire does the voice of a son
of Henry IV. exercise over the hearts of French-
men.

The Chancellor announced to the Peers and
the Deputies newly elected, that the king ad-
mits them to the honour of taking the oath at his
hands.

The Chancellor, kneeling, took the King's or-
ders; and announced, that the intention of his Ma-
jesty is, that the Peers and Deputies meet to-
morrow; March 24, in the ordinary place of their
sittings, to begin their operations.

liis Majesty and his august family must, long
after their departure, have heard the unanimous
cries of" Live the King !" " Live the Bourbons !"
" Live the Duke of Bourdeaux !"

FOR THE SUN.

PROGRESS OF KNOWLEDGE.

Ma. Enrrort—lt-has been much too often the
custom of attributing to the generality of the
human race, mental improvements which we
owe to a number of individuals comparatively
small. During the course of the many ages that
have elapsed since man existed, the number of
enlightened men has always borne so inconsider-
able a proportion to that of those whose life is
wasted in ignorance, that we can scarcely avoid
concluding that the progressive improvement of
the human intellect is confined to some chosen in-
dividuals, whilst the mass of mankind remains in
nearly the same state of imbecility. It is, in-
deed, obvious that even among the most enlight-
ened nations but few men are found possessed
of any ideas beyond those that are immediately
connected with their station in life. This fact is
exemplified in the numerous class of labourers
and of manufacturers, whose various actions
are more mechanical than dependent upon
any suggestion of the understanding. In
this particular respect, therefore, that large
portion of mankind seems but a few degrees
higher than the mere brute in the scale of men-
tal capacity. This observation must not be, how-
ever, confined to this class of men. Low as this
may rank in respect to intellect, they are still
many degrees higher than the numerous savage
hordes which dwell in the sultry clime of Africa,
or rove through the vast solitudes of America.—

In short, ignorance prevails amongst all men who
are under the necessity of devoting the greater
portion of their lives to procure the means of
supporting their precarious existence. Among
all such men there is either a total want of
thought, or else th• faculties of the mind are
wholly occupied upon pursuits of which the
object is the gratification of the senses. Viewed
in this light, it seems therefore evident that in-
tellect is but seldom to be found in the mass of
the human race.

It is not, however, intended here, in imitation
of several pretended philosophers, to degrade
man to a complete level with the brute. No—
the most ignorant amongst men is still as far
above the most rational animal as the man of
science is superior to the ignorant vulgar. If the
greater portion of mankind be really plunged in
the gloom of ignorance, the mass of acquired
knowledge, and the comparatively small number
of these that have laboured to increase the store,
bear, on the contrary, the most convincing testi-
mony of the amazing powers with which the mind
is endowed. True it is, that these powers have
not been distributed with any thing approaching
to an equality ; but it is still more certain, that
all men possess a portion of intellect sufficient to
guide them safely through the various duties of
their respective stations in life, upon the due per-
formance of which their future destiny must
eventually depend.
If any fact affords more than another, a con-
vincing proof that men were intended by their
Creator to live in a state of society, and that the
mode of existence is the most conducive to the
happiness and comfort of each, and to the advan-
tage of all, it is, that in this condition alone is he
capable of employing the energies of his mind in
their fullest extent. Judging of the mental, by
the physical world, it may be asserted with
truth, that as the primary object of nature
seems to be to bring the latter to the highest
pitch of perfection, the Divine mind must have
had a similar intention in regard to the for-
mer. And it is only when he enjoys the tran-
quillity, the comfort, and the leisure which

society procures, that man is able to attend to
the improvement of his mind. As long as he
must depend upon the chace to support his pre-
carious existence, he will rather shun, than seek,
his fellow creatures; for hunting tends more to
disseminate than to collect mankind; and be
can have neither inclination nor leisure to attend
to the perfecting of his mental powers. In this
state of being, the utmost that his mind may ac"
complish will be the invention of some easier and
less uncertain method of securing his prey. True
it is, that as his necessities are few in number,
the range of his ideas need not be extensive.
With little or no thought, he may live, and per'
haps enjoy, what may be considered as a spesies
of happiness. But a mode of existing such es
this, is most assuredly not that which Divine
wisdom intended for a rational being. Societf
does indeed multiply our wants, and even create
some that are unknown to savage life ; but this
would be an evil, only if it did not, at the
same time, afford the means of gratification,
If it renders objects of mere luxury articles of
almost absolute necessity, it thereby furnishes/
to the many individuals employed in labouring
upon these objects, the means of more comforta-
ble existence.

In the infancy of society, men were nec•n`""
rily both rude and barbarous : because th.
were, as yet, only a few degrees removed front
what has been, with no great propriety, deno-
minated, the state ofpure nature. But being en'
dowed with a mind susceptible of improvement,
man was never intended to live in this state of
nature. No,—intended to be perfect, he is gift-
ed with the power of becoming so. Hence igno-
rance and barbarism are to him an unnatural
mode of existence. The records of history bear
witness that civilization and knowledge have
ever gone hand in hand. This must almost of
necessity be the case : for it originates in the
very organization of man, and is a natural con-
sequence of his disposition. When once congre-
gated in society, his first efforts are indubitably
directed merely to the procuring of food, and
of a place of shelter and security. But no sooner
has he succeeded in attaining these objects of first
necessity, than his increasing wants, and, more
than all, his domestic afflictions, induce him to
turn his attention and to employ his inge-
nuity upon articles of comparative luxury.--
The rude attempts of one man calls forth
the latent genius of another, and a spirit
of emulation soon breaks forth, which must
eventually lead to perfection. The natural de-
sire of the wealthy to procure conveniences) to
increase the number of their enjoyneents, and
even to surpass one another in luxury and mag-
nificence, soon induces them to pay liberally the
most deserving production of ingenuity, and thus
act as a stimulus to the exertions of rival work-
men. To these powerful incentives were added
the still stronger ones of religion and rational
gratitude. The taste of erecting temples to the
Divinity, or of transmitting the features of the
most eminent men, called forth the genius of the
artist, and each strove to leave behind him a
monument of his superior capacity. This laud-
able ambition was not, however, limited to indi-
viduals. It soon spread its beneficial influence
over cities and empires. The liberal encourage'
ment of the Arts, which delight, and of the
Sciences, which elevate and gratify the mind, was
considered as a matter of considerable importance
by the ruling powers. And thus, duly impelled
in the vast regions of knowledge, genius assumed
a bolder flight ; and by the ingeniousness of ,its
inventions, and the sublimity of its conceptions,
the human mind proved itself to be an emanation
of the Deity ; and man may be justly considered
as the link which connects the world of matter
with the world of spirits.
Midhurst. A. P.

TONTINES.—The word Tontine is only a cant
, word derived from the name of an Italian projector. This was
! LAURENCE TONTI, a creature of Cardinal IVIAzARrus, who
finding the people extremely out of humour with his F‘rni.'
nency's administration, imagined he could reconcile them hl
a proposal of making the people rich in an instant, with"
oat trouble or pains. His scheme was a lottery of annuities
with survivorship, which he proposed in 1653, with the consent
of the court; but the parliament would not register the edict.
Three years afterwards he tried his project again for building $
stone bridge over the Seine, when it had both the favour of the
court, and the sanction of parliament, under the title of the Banque
Royale, but it failed again; for somebody having given it the un-
lucky name of Tontine, nobody in Paris would trust his money
in a lottery which had an Italian title. The last attempt poor
Tonti made, was to get his plan adopted by the clergy, for
the payment of their debts ; but though they acknowledged
the ingenuity of it, they rejected it as unfit for their pur-
pose. This was the invention of the Tontine. It first cams in-
to use when Louis XIV, was distressed by the treaty. of Ace'
burg, and granted money beyond what the revenue of the
kingdom would furnish. For supplying his enormous expenceu
he had recourse to the plans of Tonti, which, though long
laid aside, were not forgotten : and by an edict in 1689 cre-
ated a Tontine Royale of 1,400,000 livre, annual rent, divided
into fourteen classes. The actions were 300 livres apiece and
the proprietors were to receive 10 per cent. with benefit of sur-
vivorship in every class. This scheme was executed but very
imperfectly, for none of the classes rose to above 25,000 livres
instead of 100,000, according to the original institution.
though the annuities were regularly paid. A few r;
after, the people seeming in better humour for projects of
kind, another Tontine was erected upon nearly the same tern
but this was never above half full. They both existed in I
when the French King united the 13th class of the first T, -
tine with the 14th of the second, all the actions of which yr
possessed by Charlotte Bournemay, widow of Louis Da-
bier, a surgeon of Paris, who died at the age of 96.--
This gentlewoman had ventured 300 livres in each Tontine,
and in the last year of her life she had for her annuity 73,000
livres per annum.

BIRTH.
At Farnham, Surrey, on the 23d instant, the Lady of Capt•
A. Brown, of the ship Bengal Merchant, of a daughter.

MARRIED.
On Thursday last, at Newdegate, Surrey, Samuel, fourth
son of the late William Bosanquet, Esq., of Harley-street, to
Sophia, eldest daughter of James Broadwood, Esq. of Lyng.
