SLAVE VI ;SSELS.

It appears by a Return just printed by order of the
House of Commons, that the " number of Slave Vessels
brought before the several C, flirts of Mixed Commis-
sion for adjudication since the first of January, 1838, to
the latest date to which the same can be prepared,"
was fifty-two. Two were Sp anish, one was Brazilian,
all the others were Portugue: is. The return of their
tonnage is not complete, bu .t forty cases out of the
fifty-two give a tonnage of 5, 329. The report of the
number of slaves is only complete for twenty-six vessels,
I and they had on board 8,000 ::laves. In every case ex-
Icept two the decree of th e Court was forfeiture.
There are two examples of re: ;t itution, and one of them
is a Spanish vessel. In forty- si wen cases of which the
returns are complete the pro c eeds of the vessel and
cargo were 28,9791. and afte r paying the expense
of condemnation and sale, . and of breaking up,
the moiety which remained for distribution in
47 cases was 11,1891. to be sl iared amongst about 20
vessels yielding a prize money no t much more than 500/.
for each vessel. Though the f coin of our cruizers for
their arduous service is not great ~ the loss of the Portu-
guese is considerable, and shows that their profits must
on the whole be enormous, wb et 1, in spite of such losses,
they still find the trade profita bl e, and grow rich by car-
rying it on. Eight thousand f laves stopped in transitu,
and saved from slavery, wh 3,ch is probably not above
the half captured, for they we we found in only 26 out of
the 52 vessels, in conjunction with.the fact that enough
are still carried safely over tc r make the trade profitable,
is an index to the vast extent ;to which this abominable
traffic is carried on, despite of the exertions of our humane
people. We believe, in fact, with Mr. Buxton, and other
advocates of slave abolition, that more Negroes are now
carried from Africa into sla very than ever before, and
that their transmission acros s the ocean is accompanied
by greater sufferings and mo re cruelty than formerly.
