OFFICIAL BIJILETIN

it coLONIAL DEP/tittI:MENT, ber4 -14.
" Us
(4. h Patches have been received from Sir
1 '''
ilttEvosT, dated.
444 ,
:iist tt Kingston, the Sth of
•,[:,l ' allty state, that on the 31st of July t_,i4k.
eillr3 bet appeared off York, ill-UPI:)
.e. ('
)iiiii„
'0 'ate'', opened
th
,►
ft,:' where they landed about 2a 6
led for
i: t'.('lii aild took away three s9ldie'rse" r .
1•4:111,1.Y.::ei2cd, 4oine private property, anti at night
„iv. ` I un board their vesst, . Eto;evi:lY ip)lll.,..b,sl,iie9tslt::
ti;
ti'l, iing been removed from the
'.l. •4l,y
titrilVala the pltinted by them cler obtain eraserasn
litlg• On the II inst. the enemy's
fleet,
474-ilo I
irt,fi
ttivt,:ti 7 ,a. Niaga'ra.—No tidings bad; been re-
sailed t.r°"l
1(.,11,,, I'rita Sir JAIVIZS Y4O, since he :
,:'7O tin the 31st July.
trjrll,ll',e dibpatehes:also 'contain an account of the
kiptl,);e''e tuccess. ivl;ich attended the Expedition,
td 3"
elliiinplairi.--:'filis last, service was
witi.v., effect-
,i al the loss of : man." . ..
11.
intelligence
hi,.e pariie,iLtri ok the glorious i
11141'14 ",'e ithilmniced yesterd '., will be f°tim
stilt
I
t(ii,:: (letalkA in our pre cding (1011,111),m.. A t4t: '!" well. ily secret
tpine mai (lieu hattery
ir
},4vt.illig,tnti fabric of tyranny,
''zritei)tee.it/ l''iqi and whose superstructuri-lias•heen ,
whose totintlati9us
it,„1:1-e" ill blood, totters to its fail. v--Like a
tcC 1 v'" baililing.thout,ll its' bases'are tvelliten-
-4141'4. 4kCAViitiatis, and its wails' shaken by the
illiluisilegl,Btelin, it yet fearfully resi4ts trio firs
.14111 iii its:
diwostratitin j and threatens no i versa!'
'1'1" uei-cent.. Bin the mouiciit at last ar-
mai ill"' equilibrium is lost, when the„princiPle
1.i.) i,.. itY Yields, when .the disorganizeeParts
, ,n,.,.. . .
.i,tt.(i ""' '°'.1:21..,„... 11:10T.111. t...11,Vtt .Al',Qq IS preeil2i'
, at 4„ -----h**7
~.i..„
; '4ttil , beaillorpr and tremendous, to '"7
I‘,
‘,...411,,,e oilveti;throt: ,fi histantifile"3" ":
rile
tilitth
waiii,erful—thediSsolutiOn per-

feet at the structure bat lteen tast--.at one sVeep"-
ing blow; Y !gout, and force and power are con-
verted into helplessness, inibecilityi and
tence. . Thus it is with the downfall of o Tyrant.
lle has no medium where to rest—;when he
tumbles from his heighr, be sinks—
, Like Lucifer, to rime nu more ;"
and ceasing to be the master of the world, his do-
mination is utterly annihilated.
1111 ch as we expect to see this happyeVent con-
summated:in the person of BUON4IMATE, by con-
tinued victot•ies on the part of the Allied 'Powers,
we confess we would still more gladly see it ac-
complished by the rising of the French people. It
is a disgrace to human nature that the work of their

deliverance. should he performed by.any hands but
their own, and Ave trust they will avert the staid
upon our race,
,hy exhibiting at last an indignant
people . throwing off and trampling upon the
bonds of slavery, in which they have been too
long held. Their, chains are no longer gilded by
victory,. and lightened by the proud feelings of
connuest—they now experienee.all their fe,tter4:.
weight, which are only tue more horrible from being
smeared with the dearest blood of tht•ir country.
It surely is not in the limits of possibility that
they can submit to the new oppressions which are
attempting to be imposed upon them.
From French Papers to the 11th, we learn that
another conscription of 280,000 souls i, demand-
ed, as a tribute to his desperate ambition, by the
remorstless Despot. Of these .126,000 are pro-
posed to be
,of the claSses of 1814, suet preceding ,
yviirs, and 160,000 of anticipated victims for'
• the
•year 1815 : this being, we trust, a sufficient
answer to our patriotic 'Writers, who, upon fanci-
Ad data of theie. own creation, base shewn 'that
the armed force of the Allies in proportion to theb
popuhtiOn, has exhausted them to a munch greater
extent than' the ,exertions made by the enemy !
Timis sacrifice was recoiled in a speech delivered
;to time. Senate by thewretehed pageant of Queen,
MARIA LOUISA. It is generally worded, but the
unhappy Princess could not open her lips without
! inflicting a womitl upon her beart-ronless that
heart is corrupted -.by the Contagion of Corsican
intercourse.' When she spoke of the French 'f vier
torious eagles".being led " into the midst of" the
opposing
," States," did she not, drop a tear for
the calamities of the land ()filer nati city, and breathe
a prayer of thanksgiving to Heaven that these
wrongs were being now avenged—these afflictions
returned in aggravated bitterness on the head, at'
their cause ? Was she not tempted to substitute the
words "fury and barbarity" for those of " courage
and energy," put into her mouth by her gaolers,
to be applied in flattering unction to miserable
France ? Must 'she not have imprecated a curse
upon the monster who thus forced her to the dis-
graceful, open, exhibition of the most melan-
choly spectacle of lost dignity and filial un-
happiness, while she was .compelled at once to
stew how tow the Royal House of her Father had,
been redliced, and twill' how much agitated would
be the upstart Fungus of ti Corsican dlingluill " on
a degraded throne and under a crown without
glory." He, BUONAPARTE! On a degraded throne
and under an. inglorious crown ! Were there nOt
too much misery connected with the .thought of
his usurpation, the could laugh at the abuse, of
language, and time ludicrous absurdity of the fact,
Of course, the servile creatures Who, under va-
rious appellations, execute the Tyrant's pleasure,
assented to the proposition. for the neW:Conserip-
tion. The Resolution Was reported to what is
called the Canservatie Senate on ,the 9th, And
will speedily, puss into i law of time Empirtt.
But what Will the people say 'ttl
they endure pit We do'not think they will !
And we are not speaking, conjecturally when
we make this assertion. Fe:lrle in human force,,,
depopulated
.as the provinces of France are,
if there exist youths, 'or In:am umre mature, to sup-
ply this fresh ileinand for slaughter issued by their
ruthless Oppressor, they are cilually capable of
standing,up in their. own defence, and in opposi•
tion to his inhuman Will. WELL/NGTON, at least
on one side, will prefect them in their 'patriotic
endeavours, and enable them to throw off the
cruel yoke. ' ,

IluonrAnTE bad already adopted a measure in
the Low Countries- which had, if possible, heigh-
tened the detestation and horror in which his cha-
racter was held by the inhabitants. it appears
-that, in order to avoid the odious conscrip,
tion, by which . families of all descriptions
were drained and doomed to perish for die gra-
tification of his; hist of rule, a large por-
tion "of the young men were educated for
the church, and by the laws of those couti,
tries such persons were exempted, froM all mill.
iary (lilacs. Religious feelings and habits are
strongly prevalent In the Low Countries, and the
Tyrant finding that the general trNposition
the people Tendered piety superior even to the
terror of his power will mirclentiug temper,

gave order's diat all these yotifig then, silted
they so tesoluteiy resisted the iiiiiittary bniditnents
should be 'compelled to labour on public Works,
and they Were iliTgged, withont distinctions to
this op2ressive service, ft.is not possible to tie-
scribe the indignation Which thiS tyrantioit'S'order
excited, and tht; Despot in his now. adverse
time coming forward with ortlyanother intolei
blt btiklien, wilt experience its effects, and see.
this people animated by 21, 'universal spirit of re-
volt from his execrable yoke.

The military operations mentioned in the French
Papers are altogether insignificant, if we except
the fact ofAVGERZLAU having reachetAiena. This
proves the force and. effective operations of the
Allies, and especially of the patriot THIELIsIA,N
and other partizan corps.
The Gottenbtirgh Mails, whence we continue
our extracts, are infinitely more prolific, and con-
sequently more gratifying. Tile two Swedish
Bulletins of which we gave the stihstanee yester-
day,_ will. be found in a preceding part: The
first, dated Zerbst; 20th September, besides notie,-.
ing the desertion from the enemy of two
Slianish troops, and furnishing another ver-
sion of -the defeat of PECHEUX, contains some
most cheering assurances relative to the popular
mind of Germany on the left of the "Rlbe We
have, indeed, good reason to expect that:even to
the Rhine the whole country will speedily be in
arms to recover its independence. 'Tie second,
dated from the- same place two dti'ys later, reite-
rates these asturunces, and confirms these splen-
did hopes. No great military operations are
Mentioned, but all the . minor affairs only speak
the progress of the good.cauSe.
We have also.the Declaration of War by Swe-
den against Denmark, dated Haga, 15th Sep-
tember, and 'a further account of the. battle of
Nollendortf, in which BUONAPART4 was per-
sonally defeated. Add to these a number of
intercepted, letters from forlorn men, who are fol •
lowing the Tyrant's mi'sfor'tunes in Germany, and
you have the sum of that foreign intelligence
which occupies oureolunms.Though of great length,"
it is also of. great interest, and thes'e: letteri in
particular (by being only a part of five thousand
which haVe fallen into the hands of the Allies, '
and from which a selection is about to be pub-
lished on the Continent), prove the desperate
State to which BUONAPARTE is reduced.

A vessel is said to have arrived, in five flocs,
from Passage, but we have no further news tit
half-past one o'clock.

In our last page will be found further Docu-
ments from the French Papers.

It is said, that bird WELI,ING.TON has required
,from Sovt.T the return of the Deputy Judge-Ad-
vocate LARPENT'(iately surprised find taken by the
enemy) in exchange for the Commissary DE
Guml.y, whose liberty was stipulated for in the
surrender of the castle of St. Sebastian's,

Tuesday Colonel ARBUTH Nor, left town to pro-
ceed to the head-Oliviers of Lotd WELLINGTON,
.with n bOx, full of medals and crosses„ for the
Goner„, and Field Officer, who have tVstinguish-
ed themselves in the_late:battles and sieges.

On Tuesday the Duke of Yoitt: helea Military
Levee, at his Office in the Horse Guards, which
was attended by Generals novo 'and 0.1.mmr.i.,
Lieut.-General Juaxx, Major-General HALKETT,
colonels ROBERTS, AUSTEN, KANE, 81Id Hr.axitzs,
Majors M‘DowAt.o, WikaaEN, and KING.
Mr. DAwKANs is gone ont to the Peninsula ns
Auditor-General of Military Accounts. no takes.
with him a complete establishment of Clerks,
Asistants, &c. The whOle. of- the Commissiarat
'e'xpenditure will come under his revision.

Letters, have been obtained from Quebec. to the
date of the 25th, Atigu4t; and from' their silence
its to any operations' on Lake Ontario, it may be
concluded, that to about the 12th of that month
no farther conflict had taken place heCween Sir
YEO and Commodore CHAtiN(A:l7.—Morn. chow.

The SPANISH AMBASSADOR give a gland
dit►uer this day to :►li the Foreign Ambassadors,
the Cabinet Ministers, and a numerous party, at
his house in Dover-street.

Last evening the Earl of LivERPooL arrived in
town- from Wahner Castle..

The 24 battalion of the 81-st regiment, at :lei.-
sey, is under crderslo- be in reathness for foreign

sOwice:

Air. CO At succeeds Mr. READ AS Chief :11a-
gi,tratc in Bow-street—GEottne Ilv.ms, Esq.
supplies Air. CONANT'S place in Marlborough-
street—and the new Magistr:ite, L.loor.RS, Esq,
of Lincotn's Inn, succeeds Mr. HICKS at the
Whitechapel °Wee.
Aeilottenburgh, on the finth F.,epteinher, the
Lally. of 'fittot AS TOM) WAVVONT, E s : Agent for
hip 13ritantlie Majesty's packets, wut safely deli-
very(' of a (laughter. _ _ _

A person of fortupc was on Sattirtlit last tie-,
ereltentled at Margate, tool committed t.;_tr
on -a iittrgei, which, if proved, will'ecm,itittite
a monster of human natuft, _

;rwo new Volumes of the "Menioiresll7,toriques
Litteruires et Anecliotiques du Bartw de Grimm et
Diderot," which conclude the ‘Vork, are just pub-
lished. They arc equally reniarkahle for the va-
riety of sabjeets, on cif opinion, and chnrmi
of style, which our hest, critics have aekilowiedg.
.:1 is Olt two volumes, and, like these, are
replete with Anecdote;; make n 3 intimately
acquainted with the society of Paris. We are
glad to hear the Translation is also just rdadv.

N.AVAt,'NEWB,

COMMODORE • RODGERS:

Cottß, (ic 5.,---Ety the Echo Sinop Of *at,
Ciipt. PEIiCEVAL; 1311",VOti tit Bantry ay; ‘le
are informed; that Lie spike hirci store-ships atiu a
.sated to hint, that in lat, lane.
:2... they discovered a large wd=tice rirpt o war
in sight, Miich they soon perceived %•fIS aitllo*
PrOncli not Etigikh ; Ana as shd kcti hoVcrilg-
fibotit thcni, they made some further o,isert,.4ion,
front the whole of Which they had U(s doubt that`
.she was the American pion of war.; Coiit-,
ntodore Bont;Las : -what is slot a little surprising,
site permitted them to hold vin their course, and
prdteeded hei'self chiwri the coast of Swin..
His Majesty's ship I?aunitils, ;apt l$
issuing instructions for Splin.2:l3 far as Gibraltar;
and proceeds to sea the tifst to r trietri 4'll'o' the
12th inst. tlis..Majesty's shin /friend, (.;iptkirt
AloNittEsoa, takes several transports to St. Se,4
bastion.

HARWICH, OCT. 13 —The Lark pdcl“4,
StirittoCK, arrived in the night irom Gotten=
burgh, in six.Ltays, hut things neither messenger,
nemts or divattlics, excdfa some dupticat s of Sir
CHARLES STUART* of no consequence whati!ver.
'the- Earl qf 'Leicester, With the mails of yester,
for Gottenhorgh; and Henry, Ta get-mit, for
Heligoland, sail Aids evening dr early td-inorrow
Morning.
Potttsmoptu, 'Oct. 13,--The convoy 'for the
Downs, which sailed ycsterday morning, brought
up at St. Helen's, and -proceeded this afternoon,
under convoy of his Majesty's ships Pyrian,
Sprightly, and Mistetoe. His Majesty's ship Rival!, •
is the only ship appointed for convoy.
E:LYMOUT ft , OCT. the Pyramus
gate, Royalist and Dispatch sloops of war, and the
Martial, gun-brig, to the Wtpstward.
FALmouttt, -Oct. I I Arri red the Mni/et
schooner from Passage with a mail, from whence
she sailed the !ith inst.

DOVER, Oc.r. 12.-I')uring the present week
we have experienced the must boisterous weather,
and the wind blowing Irmo the N.W it perfect
hurricane has occasioned the sea to run mowntains
high, and to do'a great deal Of damage to this and
the neighbouring towns. On Monday the tide
rose to such a height as to wash away part of the
Parade, and considerably injure the Bat hing-
houses and Orange-walk ; part
,of the palings of
the Ordnance-yard being washed away. ,:kt Folk-
stone, the tide rose with such velocity, and the
‘vind %vas so violent, as completely to throw dowo
two hooses situated on the Stade, scarce 1 vesti,ra
of them ternaining, and their wretched inhabi-
bitants escaping with nothing but their liven.

As D..Ntat NOHCOCK, belongine to this placq,
was employed in mooring the ifopeivei/ slim!), tiu
Witlli being so extremely violent, and the force
and, Arai() on the winnb so great, as to tipet the
pan', and the handle of the winch recoiling, struck
bim across the nose with such force as to occasion
his immediate death.

The Lord War,ien held it Pilot's 'Coat. lere
yesterday, when fifteen new pilots were made for
Dover, Deal, and Ramsgate.

We xittpt shortly to b 6 abl e to cnnr the state-
. rn • •
tnent of the caetwe of tile iltsterienit trtgoe E,13 4
met),;()lted it) tne follOvVing letter
H. M. S. Pl:tnttlgettet, entrant:4s of the Chesapeiat,
August Q• •
,t The MarlOorongh is at length in sight, and I must.
therefore, conclude. We bare received news of the capthre
Am
of the erican ft igate Essex by one of ; she is 4 %%03 -
able ship, baring a quantity of nhiney'ort board and of the
log of one of one solo9stt, the Penitits, at New Providetute
in a burrira.ne-,the crew saved." ,

The Lords of the Adthiralry have ordered the
slim of one•shilling and sixpence per diem to
,he
allowed to the Cciptains of vessels who shall con-
vey any Britishlearnan from a foreign port to this
kingdom.

Yesterday a Court of Directors wits held 'at the
gist India 'House, when Caw H. Rusii swurn
into the command of the shin !loyal Charlotte, con-
signed to Batavia and China ; as was Capt. HA-
LIISUISTON hitt) the Glutton, consigned to St. He-
lena and China,

A packtt front Bahia bits brought an account of
the Constitution, Macedonian, and Cowitiiatiun
American frigates, being off the coast of Brazil the
beginning of August. .•
The 41414'BURN) of Sunderland, from Pen-
.zonee to Loridoo, Was ciptiffed on Saturday lust
off the Owers by a French privateer.
