PUBLACATIONS.

This Day was published, price 2s. 6d.
ASERIKS of LETTERS. addressed to a
FRIEND, UPON THE ROMAN. CATHOLIC
QUESTION.

By BRITANNICUS.
Printed for F. and J. itivitigton, Paternoster-row, and
W'aterloo;place; and sold by <<il Booksellers.

This Day was published,
Price 21s. hoards, in One large Volume, Octaro,
TH E ENTHUSIASM. ot, the M ETHODISTS
and PAPISTS consciTered. By' Bishop Lavington.—
With Notes, Introduction, and 'Appendix.

By the Res. R. POI,WHELE.

This is a reprint from the scarce Edition now selling for a
very 'high price. The Author's principal design is to thaw a
comparison, by way of caution to all Protestants, between the
wild and pernicious enthusiasms of some of the most eminent
Saints in the Popish Communion, and those of the Metho-
dists in our Country ; which latter he calls a set of pre-
tended reformers; animated by an enthusiastic and fanatical
Printed by A. J. Valpy; and sold by G. and W. B. Whit-
taker ; Sherwood and Co. ; ani Co. ; R. Priestley,
London ; and all other }booksellers.

DELPHIN SCHOOL EDITIONS, ON A NEW PLAN.
Jutt published, as. b %und,

. •
1. I U.VENA at PERSIUS ; containing,
fitY .Itnperti's and Kcenig's Text, Dolphin ,Notes,- and
without the Ordo.

2.• VIRGIL, HEYNE'S TEXT, do. do. 10s. 6d.
8. CIESAR; OBERLIN'S TEXT, do. 10s. 6d. -
4. FICIMERI ILIAS ; a New Edition, with English Notes,
'l2s. 6d. "bound.

This is a very compact and useful of the Iliad, for
the Use of Schools. The force of the Particles, a distinguish-
ing beauty of the Grecian language, is well pointed out. . It
will be found, beyond all comparison, the best Edition for
the use of Schools, at preseat extaut.—Antijacobin Review,
Sent. 1819.

This is, 'perhaps, the most useful Edition of the Mannian
bard, that has yet made its appearance. It is also critical in
an erninent'degree, and contains a judiciOns and well-writ-
ten aabunt of the &gamma, together with a dissertation
upon the Homeric metre, principally selected from the writ-
ings of Professor Dunbar and Mr. K. P. Knight. The notes
are partly original, and partly taken' from 'lleyne, Clarke,
and Knight. The author hasjudicioutdy enlivened the heavy,
critical niatter of his work by
.quotations from Pope's admi-
rable traiistation, and adorned it with a few parallel passages
from the' Roman poets, and from our illustrious countryman
Milton.—New Monthly Magazine, Oct. 1819.
Printed by A. J. Valpy; and sold by G. and W. B. Whit-
taker ;• Longman and Co.; Baldwin and Co. ; Lackington and
Ce.; F. C. and J. Rivington, London; Macredie and Co.
Edinburgh; Cultiniing and Co. Dublin; and all other Book-
sellers. •

Of the same may be had, bound,
s. d.
HORACE. with English Notes to the Odes - '5 6

HORACE, no Notes - - S 6
A Neat Edition of VIRGIL, IBmo. 3d Edition - 4
The Same, with ENGLISH NOTES, from Delphin, &c.
no Interpretatio - . . • - 7 6
GRADUS, without Verses or Phrases 7 6
HOMER'S ILIAD, from the Text of H EYNE .7 0
ELEGANTLE LATINM - - '4 6
GREEK GRAMMAR 6 6

DEL IXTUS - - . -
4 0
LATIN GRAMMAR - - - 2 6
- DELECT US , - - , 2 6
Amphitryo, Aulularia, Captives, and Rua,' ns, of PLAU- .
Tus, with English Notes . - - 4 6
LATIN VOCABULARY - - - • 2 0
FIRST EXERCISES . - - 1 6
LATIN DIALOGUES - - . - -- 2 6
CICERO de AMICITIA et de SENECTLTTE, with ER-.
NES-FIS Notes,.&e. by Barker, 3d Edition ' 4 6
PRINCIPIA ,OFEICIORUM, HISTORI/E et GEOGRA. 3 6
POETICAL CHRONOLOGY of ANCIENT and ENG-
LISH HISTORY • - - - 2 0
MYTHOLOGY, 4th Edition - - - 2 0
CICERO de OFFICIIS,. with ENGLISH NOTES 6 -0
EPISTOLIC; M. T. CICERONIS, 3d Edition - 2 0
The GERMANY'and -AGRICOLA of TACITUS, from

BR6TIER, with all ins Notes, &e. by Barker, 4(1 Ed. 5 6
C.NEPOS, with ENGLISH NOTES and QUESTIONS.
By Bradley - - - s g
EUTROPIUS, with Do. by Do. 2d Edition - . 2 6
LATIN PROSODY, by Do. - - 4 0
GREEK TESTAMENT, 3 vols. aro. By Rev. E.
VALPY - - - - X 2 12 6
Large Paper - - " - - 4 0 0
GREEK SEPTUAGINT, with the Apocrypha, I vol.
Bvu. boards - • - - , - 1 3 0
EPITOME SACRE HISTORIIE, with English
Notes, 3d Edition - - - 0 2 0
me Please to ask for VALPY, S Editions of the above Works.

TO T. TAYLOR, DI.
No. 9, New -Bridge-strect, London.
HONOURED Situ,

IBEG leave to inform you, that ever since the
year 1798, I had been afflicted with the Lues Venereal,
which, from its obstinately resisting every course et medicine
prescribed by the most eminent of the faculty here, and un
dergoing severalsevere courses of salivation, and twice dis-
charged from the Hospital with little relief, would appear to
be of the most inveterate nature. In the spring of last year
my. disorder had got to such a bead, as nearly to put a period
to my existenceL--I had a large ulcer on the crown of my bead,
one on each arm, and my legs were broke out in.a frightful
manner; my right was dreadfully painful, and had been in a
state of ulceration for the last seven years ; in left had also
two large nodes on it, was very iimeh discoloured, and gave
me such excruciating pain, .particularly when warm in bed,
as nearly to deprive me of rest; in this lamentable state, I
was recommended by Mr. J. Thompson, (who received so
great a cure by them here), to take our Leake's Patent Pills,
which, I began to do on the 46th o. May; in tie course of a
fortnight I began to receive benefit -in little more than a
month the ulcers on my head and arms were soundly healed—
soon after, the sores on my legs healed also ; leaving, how-
ever, considerable discolouration in the skin, and pain in the
bone of the left, which, by the hlcssing of God, and a little
longer perseverance in your invaluable Medicine, subsided ;
the nodes dispersing, the skin regal---g its natural hue, and
the nocturnal pains gradually going off.-71 thus became, by
your liheial advice and medicine, perfectly free from all my
former complaints—have recovered my tOrMer spirits a nd
strength, and am become jolly and fat, in which state havi:eg
continued many months, to the astonishment of all who knew
a.e, I am at a loss in what terms to express my gratitude, hut
beg you, for the good of other suffering mortals, to make
this my caseas public as possible, as I sUall on every Occa,
sion ; in so doing you will greatly oblige,
• Sir, your grateful, obedient, very humbleservant,
ALEX. Al Ulth:Elt •
Swan's Close, High-street, Edinburgh.
Witnesses to the above Cure:—

John Thmupson, No. 3, New Poultry Market, Edinburgh,
John biPlntosh, Old Assembly Close, Edinburgh.

Prepared and sold by the sole Proprietor, rHomA's TAY-
LOR., Member of the Royal. College of Surgeons, at his
house, No. 9, New Bridge-street, London; where, after a
constant residence of more than 40 years, in a practice parti-
cularly directed to the cure of Venereal Ccarplarnts and those
incidental to the Parts of Generation, with that inviolable
secrecy which men of his profession should always observe in
such cases, he Hatters himself the advice and assistance he
gratuitously administers 'to persernsiaking this Medicine, win
be estetmed, by a discerning Public, as an 'advaLtage seldom
attainable, and void of allambignity.
Also sold, by his apiointrnent, tor theaconvenience of those
living at a distance, at the Toyshop, No. 103, Oxford-street;
Mr. Disbarough's, No. 7, Fish-street-hill; Mr. Baxter,
South-hriage, • Edinburgh ; leis. Callwel Ilut, lin ; and of
ony person in every considerable town in Great Britain arid
'lreland, in boxes .rfonly e.!;. 9d. cacti, stamped, and sealed up
with full and plain directions, .vhereby persons„ of either
sex maycnre themselves wills eases spted, ieintcy, and safety.

THE COLONIES.

NOVA SCOTIA.

PROVINCIAL AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.

A Genrial Meeting of'the Society took place
this day in Mason's Hall according to advertise-
ment,..siid was graced by-a very hell and respect-
able A;sembly. The number.of Gentlemen who
came forward to countenance the measures and
give them their support was a demo-nstrative
proof, that the solicitude and. zeal which have
lately, displayed themselves are still on the in:.
crease, and that the metropolis shall not be
awanting to further the agricultural advancement
of the Province. There is unquestionably no
spectaeje more grateful and pleasing to the bene-
volent iisiod, than the contemplation of a body of
men, animated and informed by one common itn-
pike, and that impulse allied to the general
weal. It 'dignifies -human nature ; it recalls the
devotedness of the ancients to country, and thus
awakeussClassit recollections ; it flings over the
grasping anti cos»mercial spirit of' present times
the fascinating veil of philanthropy.--s All the
kingdoms of modern Europe are distinguished,
more or less, by such exalted institutions ; and
the greater their number, the more powerful and
illustrious the nation. The Provincial Agricul-
tural Society, now' coustituted by Charter and en-
dowed by the Legislature, may in a certain sense
be considered as the first fruits of that love of
country, which will gradually enlighten and pu-
rify the public sentiment. It is an association,
hot of men prone after private emolument ; not
seeking the gratification of any vulgar pleasure ;
not united by political faction ; not influenced by'
the fervours of the religious spirit ; not in short
drawn together by any of the common ties.'and
sympathies which usually bind mankind into
clubs and fraternities ; but it is a society of all
ranks, classes and denominations in the capital,
whose seal is public virtue, and whose bond of
union is the prosperity of Nova Scotia. It may
be viewed as an object of proud grat-ulation ;
since it has received a legal existence and consti-
tution ; since it is supported equally by.. private
,bounty and by Legislative munificence ; and since
its effects for seven years, during which it will
direct and superintend the labours of the husband-
man, can now be fairly tried, and without ditubt,
at. the conclusion of that period, will be ji,stly
'estimated.

The business was opened by the Secretary, who
stated, that.. the Agritultnral.Committee, in fulfil-
ment of the trust reposed in them, bad Applied-10
the Legislature for a Charter ; that it had now
received the great seal of die Province, tend was
this day presented to them for inspection. As
the society nhw acted as a corporate Body, it•
was proper that they should appoint their Offi-
eels,* and particularly that the President should
be..chosen, to take the chair on the present oc-
casion. He concluded with proposing, that the
Governor-General, the Right Honourable the
Earl of DALHOUSIB, should hil that important
station.

His Lordship,in reply stated, that he would
willingly accept the office; but thlit he onus,
claim the liberty of transferring it, on his depar-
ture for Canada, to his successor.

The Hon. the CHIEF JUSTICE Was then named
as Vice President, though in his a6sence—which
was confirmed by the Society.
Mr. ARCHIBALD next rose and mentioned, that
the Gentleman, who had all along conducted the
affairs of that Society as Secretary, should be ap-
pointed under the charter to the joint office of Se-
Cretary and Treasurer. Some conversation took
place among the members about the incompatibi-
lity of uniting these two offices in one and the
same person ; and it was argued that the Act of
Incorporation discountenOced such a measure.—
By reference, however, to the Act, it was
found that a total silence obtained on this►
head; and therefore the Society might proceed
to the double appointment if thought to be a
matter of expediency. The noble President then
proposed Mr. Young as the Secretary of the So-
ciety for the ensuing year—Which being as-
sented to, he further proposed him as the Trea,
surer of the Society—to whiCh he was unani-
mously 'elected.

As the Act of the Legislature, by which the
Society was incorporated, had fixed the signing
of the Letters Patent as the period in which- the
twenty Directors formerly chosen should come
into power, the•following Gentlemen %.vre con:.
firmed in that important office :
The Hon. M. Wallace, I Hon. R. J. Uniacke,
. -B. Haliburton, Peter 111‘Nab. Esq.
James Stewart, John Pryor, Esq.
Sol.-Gen. S.B. Roble, Esq. John Prescott, Esq.
S. G. W. Archibald, Esq. Sam. A I bro, Esq.
H. H. Cogswell, Esq. Thos. Boggs, Esq.
Rev. J. Inglis, M. Richardson, Esq. •
Rev. B. G. Gray, Wm. Pryor, Esq.
L. Hartshorne, Esq. John Stavocr, Esq.
Rufus Fairbanks, Esq. Sand. Lydiard, Esq.
• It was further stated, that in the distribution
of: the Legislative grant the sun) of For •y pounds
had been appropriated as agricultural prizes for
time district of Halifax, and that the season was
now at hand to adjudge these to such. members of
the Provincial Society, as had ;Dade the requkite
exertions. To determine the merit of the re-
spective.claims that might be given in, a Com-
mittee of five was nominated to act as inspectors
and Judges, viz. •
Henry Yeomans, Esq.
Janes Foreman, Esq.
Dr. Wm.
John Alhro, Esq.
• Robert Hartshorne, Esq. •
- - -

At this stage of the business Judge STEWART
conylimenied the gentlemen present on the lull.
ness and respectability of the meeting. We wet'e
now a strong phalanx all united heart and hand
in the prosperity of the country, and we must
command success. Last year at this time and in

this place he was more tearful of -the issue; and
expressed a hope that the zeal then manitested
might not end in smoke. Now he was certeatn of
the result, and congratulared the country on its
great progress. In the performance of bii offi-
cial duty, he had occasion to traverse the Pro-
vince in all directions; and he could remark a
rapid.improvement both in the East and West,
end in the North and Soirtlr. iThe farmer was
redoubling his efforts, and the face of the country
was 'dragging under his hands---!4I1 which could
justly he attributed to, his Lordship and to that
gentleman (pointing
_to Mr. 'Young;) who bad
'both taken such a warm and lively interest in the
advancement of our agriculture.
Judge ITALIBURtON merely rose to give con-
firmation and add his .testimony 9f what bad fal-
ler front his brother. Wherever he had travelleti
in the circuit, a marked improvement was visible.
All uttn seemed now vielog in the cultivating of
the soil. Our prosperity had take deep root,
and reßuired only the fostering cate of the So.
ciety to encourage and protect it. Much pi aise
was eerrainly dot to his Lordship (or his active
zeal to the service of nor, agriculture.

The Earl of DALtioustrt replied, that in .bitt.
iOnmies through the Provloce he had- elsa
re-
tnarkedl a much better spirit very widely diffused.'
He now considered the agriculture of this Pro-
'Once as secure from all danger, whoever might
be Governor ; and although he must' leave its, be
would always exercises W9tChtlll care over our
interests. lie was happy 10 inform Ilia meeting,
that his surcessor,'Sir Jantes Kempt, would prove
ctpially warm and sincere as himself in the promo-
tion of our Rural affairs ; and while this Society
existed and was so liberally and respectably sup-
ported, he entertained no doubt of our complete
SUCCeSS.

Judge HALIBLIRTON proposed that the Soeie,y,
which had beer► supported by such a liberal sub-
scription and which embraced so great a number,
no-less than two hundred and sixty, should secure
its own stability by an active vigilance over its
funds. As the appointments of the day bait sub-
stituted a new Treasurer in room of the old, be
would submit to the considerati,on of the meeting
whether it was not expedient to appoint a Cop).
mittee of. Accounts to examine the intromissiuns,
,hud to stsike the•balance previous-to its being
paid over to the new Officer. In conformity to Ibis
motion,

The Hon. John Black,
The Hon. H. N. Bilthey, and
H. H. Cogswell, Esq.
were nominated to investigate the accounts of Wm.
Lawson, Esq. the actingTreasnrer for the past year.
Judge LIALraunToN proceeded to observe, that
the thanks of the Society were justly-due to Mr.
Lawson, for his.gratnitous services as Acting 'fret•
surer ; and these %vele accordingly conveyed to hitn
from the chair, '

UFUS FAiIiB4NKS,Esq. begged,leave to say,
(hat he had constructed . a plough and triangular
bat row, which he had brought to the door of the
Halt forthe inspection of the membt'rs, and which
be considered as peculiarly fitted for breaking up
strong anti nnsubdtiod land

JutigeST:Erwtour wi,bed that the thanks of the
Society should be given to Mr. Fairbanks, not
only fOr this instance of his attention to our aari-
cultural interests, but for his many past services
in their behalf.

ROBERT HP4ITSITORNE., Esq. remarked, that
patent iron plough had attracted much notice in
the States ; t hat he held in his hand an advertise-
ment, describing its qualities, and mentioning the
place where it could be.procured; and he wished,
therefore, that one should be imported from New-
Yolk, a& a pattern for the use of rite Province.
The Secretary was then ordered to commission
this plough, and to pay the same from the funds
of the Society. _ _

The meeting then proceeded to take into con-
sideration the propriety of framing Bye-laws for
the internal regulation of its officers anil members,
and elected for this purpose,

S. B. Roliie, Esq.
S. G. W. Archibald, Esq. and
Wni. Lawson' Esq. •
It was lastly resolved, that the annual subscrip.
(ions due by the members, should be paid into the
hands of _the Treasurer, on or before the 25th
instant, and that a notice to that effect should be
insered in the new-papers:
Halifax, Dec. 16, 1819.

- • WEYMOUTH, APRIL B.—A most melancholy
accident occurred here on Saturday last to three
young ladies, visitors front Gloucestershire, resid-
ing in Devonshire.bulidings. The three- young
ladies, Miss Moore, Miss Fry, and Miss Vizard,
were particularly anxious to enjoy a trip on the
water previously to leaving the town ; and al-
though. the wind on Saturday blew fresh at S.W.
and was at intervals squally, they: imprudently
hired a boat that was smaller than thOsegenerally
engaged for sea excursions. There was onlyone
sailor attached- to the bOat, besides. tlicir roan
servant ; and 41 crossing the bay a squall of wind
increased the swelling of the wares, and so alarm,
ed the ladies, that, instead of remaining still, they
all removed to leeward :in such confusion as caused
the boat to upset within three hundred yards of
the shore, hear the turnpike. every possible as-
sistance was instantly rendered by-the persons on
shore who witnessed the accident ;. Miss Vizard,
however, we are grieved, to say, Was brought
ashore dead, the utmost exertion to testore
'nation having been in vain made use of by The
Gentlemen of the Faculty. The first person who
flew to'the assistance of the ladies, on nett eiving
their sad disaster, was E. Henning, Esq. who,
with a promptitude beyond all praise, plunged into
the sea, and, at the risk, of his lite, preserved Miss
'Fry from a watery grave. This lady and Miss
MOore,together with the man servant,- we ate
happy to say, are now in y fair way ofilescovery.,,

FOR THE SIN.

Mu. tutTon—lf you conceive, in the presen

alarn►ing
_crisis, that the following Address wi
make tve►+ one lnan pause- in the career of Rebel
lion, you will insert it, acid oblige your's,

IGNOTUS.

TO THE DISt:ONTENTED MANUFACTURERS OF

BRITAIN.

" FRIENDS AND FELLOW COUNTRYMEN,

." Strike, but hear me!' sale] the Grecian disputant to his
impatient antagonist—to you, I say, Strike Ntrr, hut hear
roe l'—rtfh.ct on what you seek, why you sett; it, how you
seek it, rind whet her, when obtained, if that were possible,
it would &fluid you tar results you are so sedulously taught to
cxpect from it.

" Du you a i)11 to render Britain merely an Agricultural
Country ? It so, you sign sentence of death for all your
future descrodams. When England was merely agricultural,
her population lived in comi,arative slavery, and never ex-
ceeded three Millions. With manufactures came wealth, in-
dependence, and happiness, and eleven millions now form
the amount of her inhabitants. Do you ask for modern proof
of this? I give.it to you. The County Of Rutland, merely
agricultural, between the twa Parliamentary Census of 1800,
and 1810, only increased in population ON eindividual, whilst
the population of Lancashire was nearly increased one
half !

" You rote then for ruanufactures in addition to agricul•
ture—but recollect that manufactures require three importanl
adjuncts—CAPlTAL, INDUSTRY, and SECURITY or PROPERTY

" Now, my Friends, what would become of these during a
Rebellion, whether that should be put down, or should be
finally successful ? Without them, where would be your in-
crease of wages, or any wages? Recollect that you eat the la•
b,ar of a piece of broad cloth or of muslin, lung before the
manufacturer can sell that piece upon six month's
klow then are you to tire during a Rebellion, but by plunder?
But after the Country shall be plundered, where will be the

manufactures to employ you ?
" But now, yati ask only for the Elective Franchise—and
what would it do fur you ? If it were otily to be folloWed by
old men and old measures, the Qiinge is unnecessary'. If it
is to be followed by ;ow men and old measures, that would

merely Le a triumph of Party, in which you could not par-
take! If it is to he followed by ncW men and new measures,

are you certain that a change of system would increase or
even preserve your present blessings? Would the destruc-
tion of the National Debt increase manufacturing Capital ?

`Citronld the release of BUONAPARTE increase your Exports ?
Would War make Corn cheaper ? Or would Peace secure lu-
dependence ?--S up PAUSE!! ItEntx-r!!!

" 1GN0T173."

FOR THE SUN.

CHEAP LIVING.

" 'rake a Sirloin of Beef."

HANIVAII G ss r

MR. EDITOR--When our scientific Agricultu-
rists begau to double the size of our oxen, they
could not fail to gain the applause of all those
gourmands, who consider quantil more than
vali:y. for this judicious application of philoso-
phical principles ; but who, Sir, could have hoped,
or rather could have feared, to see the day when
philosophy should be applied to the diminution
of food in this great city ?
Now, Sir, though my name is Came Leon, and I
live in air, that is, in a back parlour on the first
floor down the chimney in Air-street, yet I can-
not live on air—here then is my cause of corn-
plaint. With a small property 1 first began to
live, to do which it was necessary to eat. First, I
dined at Long's and Stevens's, then at the Piazza,
then at Read's, then at the Swan, then at the
Constitution, next at Maiden-lane, then at the Old
Bailey, descending through the various gradations
to a night cellar in St. Giles's, and finally con-
templating the study of arithmetic in the Park, or
a feast at a dog's chop-house, when a lucky
thought entered into my head, to become a Fa-
gnivore, or smoke devourer, -on the Marquis de
Chabanne's principle. Accordingly, Sir, I took
my morning pinch of...snuff, before breakfast, by
walking past Wishart's ; after which 1 took my
wine before dinner, by a visit to Garraway's, where
a little cheese was always on the table whilst sip-
ping samples. My dinner I took at the London
Tavern, or Birch's, or in my way home at the
George's Coffee-house in Coventry-street, that is,
Sir, at those delicious places, not in them, where
in passing the doors about three o'clock I was
certain of enjoying the tomes of their longest bill
of fare, without the fear of any bill coming af-
terwards.

But, alas ! Sir, these halcyon days are at an
and en unlucky London chemist has just obtained
a patent " for a method of destroying or decom-
posing the ojensire" (Sir, he's a man of no taste)
•' vapour arising from animal or vegetable matter
when heated," and I fear that this speculator, by
destroying my dinner, will soon be enabled to eat
one himself. Do, dear Mr. SUN, throw some light
on this business. Shall 1 petition to be made
king's Beefeater, or get our Members to bring
the case before Parliament ? Their speeches, hots.
ever they may begin, always end in smoke, and
doubtless this smoke-destroying chemist is set on
by a wicked Ministry.--Yaw's,

JOHN-CAM-EUON.

We un►lerstand that Mrs. HUNT, wile of the
cdvbrated Mr. HUNT, with her daughter, resides
or Ch►►rfleigh, where they are much respected.—
Exeter Gazette.

LONDON JOURNALS.

FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
[British Press.]

The Earl of LAUDERDALE, from whom a private
letter was received yesterday, dated Rome, the 3d
instant, is, we understand, pursuing a rapid route
towards Leghorn, which place the QUEEN con-
templated reaching on the sth. His Lordship,
trona a popular sense of feeling, has tendered his
important services to accompany her MAJESTY to
England, is hick i► was thought more eligible to
effect before the meeting of Parliament.
