I'I,CTU /I Z. L - ICE,

CaIEITISSIO,VEL).Sfor VIGT(I4II.L-1.4\7(.;
. I-US I \ILI V Y ,j 9 hereby give
Mai on Friday,
.I)e.l4th,C)cioder.neit,..{.!ory will ke ready to re.

(-rive Tenders, in writing(sealed up), and treat jOr the S..r.'e of
the L COAL ircdueed":a His 111.Ves.ty's Bakehiuse,; t.
liiptford,
_fir One Year certain from the zoih Novoislczniixt,
andjUrther, until three Months warning shall - •
The Conditivns rof the7Contrati may he lien at the .!.7e'creiPy''s
Office.
Nv regard Will 6e h6rd. to aiiy Tender-i; sublets: the Price' se..ti
no; be inserted-in words crthat tha.ll siqt 'he delkelitit le
the hoard kfOre bne o'Clock on the sail Frid#,. the.'r4irS.6.t
Octobti• next, nor unlesi the Person l'vho makes the • Tender,, or
1 some retion on bit behalf, attendr, to answer) when called

LAST' INDIA iIOUSE,
„Sept. 22, IF,:j,
THE COMMITTEE of SHIPPING (f
UNITED coil? ANY cF .111,P;a211,14V1S
LAND Trading to the EAST INDIE‘i,i9 bet Notice,
That the Committee will be ready' to zeceive Proposart in 2es'l,-
ing, sealed up,_ on or Before IPednesday, the 6.7 b °Holier ma',
r.nt such Pcrsons'who may be willing to .irTis(y else Compio
with

by the Council—the cries or" Viva el Rc7, 2,14,e5,
nuestro Cutholico Allonarca, Fernando Septhno, y sa
mcqnanimo aliudo el Rey de irt Grun Bretanu,"--
resou.nded in the Casa Capitutar, and were so(in re-
echoed by the whole City—and the imperious Offi-
cers of his Imperial 'Majesty were committed to du-
rance vile, in the Cazemattes of La Guira, and his
Imperial brig made prize of and sent to Porto_ Ca-
socam aUIS DICZAL 7AI.3UM AUDIAT ? I vello.

t.al

Atia:v --1 Gottenburgh, t Malta, 2 Dublin, I Water-
tcttiati. Gottdnburgli, I Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Consols - - 66} Uranium . ze dis.

THE SUN.

LONDON,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1-808.

REVOLUTION IN RUSSIA.

Letters have been received in town from Holland,
which state, that accounts of a very regent date bad
been received- from Konigsburgh, of a Revolution
having taken place in Russia. The Emperor ALEX•
eNDZit is said to have been arrested; and- it is also
tickled, that this Empress Dowager is at tbe, head of
we Insurreaion.

No official intelligence has been received of this
',vent, but we think it highly probable, and we
have reason to know that it was the fish of a very
considerably party in Russia that the Empress
Dowager should be placed at the bead of the Go-
vernmen t.

The Letters from Holland also mention that mea-
sures of extraordinary severity were daily expected
there for the purpose of preventing all intercourse
with this Country.
It was yesterday reported, that his Royal Highness
the Duke ot,Yoax was to take the command of the
Army in Portugal, that Lord MVLGRAVEwas to be
the second in command, and that the MarqWs 'WEL-
LESLEY was to succeed to the Admiralty. We be-
lieve there is no foundation whatever for this report.

" The colours of the two Nations were soon dis-
played on the forts at La Guira, under a general sa-
lute of all the heavy artillery. The Acasta, at an-
chor in the road,' repeated the signals and tokens of
alliance and festivity, and the Officers who landed
were received and treated with the greatest marks of
respe& and' attention."

Lieutenant BELL
.arrived yesterday at the Admi-
ralty, from the Havannah, with accounts that the
Spanish Government there had declared for FERD:-
WAND the Vllth ; that they had proclaimed war
against the French, and that all the French Resi-
dents were quitting the bland for America.. He
left it on the 16th of August, and-on-that day there
arrived at the Havannah a Vessel frOM Vera Cruz,
with ziecounts that the Governor there had also de-
clared against the French.

Yesterday Paris and Dutch Papers reached town,

the former to the 25 t 11, and the latter to the 2gtl:

ult. Their contents are of considerable importance.
BUONAPARTE left St. Cloud privately, on the morn-
ing of the 23d, accompanied by TALLEYR AND,
who, we are sorry to see, has resumed his official
situation, and CHAMPAGNY. It was supposed that
he was going in the first instance to Erfurth, for
the purpose of meeting the Emperor ALEXANDER.
To this conference the Emperor of AUSTRIA was also
to be invited, and Count RomitNzow, the Russian
Minister for Foreign Affairs, set out for Vienna the
beginning of last month, to prevail upon the Empe-
ror FRANCIS to meet his Sovereign and BUONAPARTE.
If this really were the object of his mission, it is not
very pro.b.ible that he will succeed. The Moniteur
of the 20th, contains the Speech of BUONAPARTE 10

the Troops .on the Parade we have extra4.-led the
Speech at length, and our Readers will find that it
fully answers the character which we gave of it.
He threatens Spain with the severest vengeance, and
boasts tbat in a short time 2)0,000 of his Troops will

have crossed the Pyrennees. That Bvowatl'AO'Z
make great exertions for the subjugation of Spain/

We this morning received Barbadoes Paper's, from
which we have made the following interesting ex-

traas :---

there can now be no doubt ; but we are convinced
that he cannot bring any thing like a force of 2.00,000
men to aCt against Spain. The menacing attitude
in which Austria has placed herself, evidently gives
him great uneasiness, and though he may prevail
upon the weak ALEXANDER to assemble his Armies
on the Frontiers of Austria, and in some degree to
hold her in check, still we are convinced that he.
dare not send so large a portion of his Army 'to
Spain. Indeed we do not believe he has so many
disposeable Troops, nor if he had, could he main-
tain them without magazines ; and it is perleelly
well' known that he 114 not formed magazines for
so larger an Army. The MonitTur indeed says, that
10,000 waggons are to be employed, a la Marlbo-
rough, to carry provisions; but it must be recolleCt-
ed that these waggons would require at least 40,000
horses, and very large magazines of forage indeed
would be necessary to support such a number of
horses, independent of those belonging to the Ca-
valry. The Monitear at-leas to give an account of
the operations in Portugal, and pretends to extra&
the account from a London Paper. This account
is from the beginning to the end a fabrication, and
of course represents the French as -having been vic-
torious.

" BARBADOES, APRIL 13.—At Cumana, the
Spaniards were beyond measure rejoiced. at the pros-
pea afforded by the Revolution, of promoting the
interests and extending the Commerce of the South
American Colonies, as well as of breaking the fo-
reign yoke under which their parent State had near-
ly sunk ; and a Spanish Officer arrived at Trinidad
from thence states, that the French Brig Serpent,
charged with the dispatches from BUONAPARTE re-
spetting the cession of these Colonies, had only ar-
rived two hours previous to the iicaste Frigate, dis-
patched by fir ALEXANDER COCHRAN E in cense--
quence, of the advices froM Cadiz.
" He says the British Officer (Capt. Beaver%) in-
stantly presented himself before the Supreme Court
of Audience then sitting in deliberation on BUONA-
TARTE'sdispatches, and was received with a general
acclamation of applause by them, to the discomfiture
and chagrin of the French Officers who were present,
urging a compliance to the mandate of their Master;
that one of these Officers, using some intemperate
threat, so exasperated an Aid-de-Camp of the
Spanish Commandant, that he drew his sabre and
cut him down in the presence of thq,whole Coun-
cil: and that such was the general indignation against
the Frenchmen there, that had it not been for the
interference of the British Officers, they would all
have been sacrificed. To this account the 'Trinidad
Gazette of the 20th ult. furnishes us with the follow-
ing

BU(MtAPARTE has adopted a new expedient for
augmenting his military force, and, at the same time,
to retain the people of France in their present state of
abjea subjeaion. He has ordered his Gerthau vas-
sals to furnish him with 100,000 men, who are to be
taken into the pay of France, and to wear the French
uniform, and thoy are to be stationed for the most
part in the interior of France. Thus, while the youth
of France are dragged froM their homes to fight for
the aggrandisement of BUONAYARTE'S family,loo,ooo
Germans ate to be poured into France ; and thus
while he employs Frenchmen to suhjugate Spain, he
employs Germans to retain France in slavery. •

7i By- a Launch which arrived y'esterday evening
from Barcelona, we learn that a French National
Brig (no doubt one of the Exp;esses mentioned
Lord COLLINGWoOD'i Dispatches) had arrived at La
Guira, with a number of Officers on board, Civil
and Military, bearing orders from BUONAPAUTE,
ganaioned -by the King, his prisoner, to supersede
the present adminiStration of • Government, and to
establish L 4 reign of "the new dynasty in that Pro-
vince. , ,

Yesterday morning his MAJESTY, Princesses SO-
PHIA, AUGUSTA, . IVlAav,,and AMELIA, accotriPa-'
niOd by Ladies How and THY NNE, and General-
FiTZROY, went to St. Ot4orge's _Chapel., ilia-Ilea:
a sermon.
The...QUEEN and Princess ELIZABETH heard Di-
vine service performed in the Palace by her MAJES-
TY'S Chaplain.
The King of WIRTEMBURGH has recovered frurn a
violent fever, which, for several days; .threatened .to
be fatal. Bulletins were daily issued from Ludwigs-
burgh, Signed by his three physicians,DUVEßNOY,
KLEIN, and REUSS, communicating the state of his
disorder.
The property of the Marquis ROMANA has been
sequestered at Hamburgh, amounting, it is said, to
200,000 marks banco. His papers, &v. which were
deposited at the
,house of Mr. SroctimEcu, have
likewiSe been seized.
The Genoa Gazette, of the 30th tilt. states, -that
NAPOLEON has demanded that the Austrian ports in
the Adriatic may be shut against American vessels.
Mr. KENNEDY, Secretary to Sir CHARLES COT-
: TON, has been appointed Agent Victualler at Lisbon.
ment;, to deliberate on the steps to he taken in so '
difficult an emergency:
His Majesty's Ship Dromedary is arrived.at Ports-
mouth from Antigua.
"The. Council had accordingly -assembled, and His Majesty's Ship Thames sailed from Malta on
were sitting when the Afcasta's dispatches arrived to the sth of August, with about .50 sail of vessels
Majesty's Ship Pomone, with about 27 sail of
confi• m their opinion in the resistance• Which it seems
under convoy for England.
it wai their determination to oppose to His
the attempts vessels from Gibraltar and England, were off Cape
el the Usurper. They were read with acclamations de Gatte on the 28th ultimo.

" The dispatches had been forwarded tbCaraccas,
but the Chiefs. of that Province, men of sound judg-
ment and approved fidelity, having
,been previously
put h p,ysstssiou of the Band° of the Supreme Junta
of Seville, dated lath May (which hfiel been for-
warded by this Government), weighing well in the
scale of prudence- the dangers of precipitation in a
matter of so .4nuch importance to the State, had
called a General Assembly of the Heads of Depart-
