THE BRAZILS.

Papers received from Rio de Janeiro, to the
26th of May, contain an important representation
by the Senate of the capital, to the Prince, under
his new title, 46 Constitutional Prince Regent,
and Perpetual Defender of the Kingdom of
Brazil." The following is an extract :

" Therefore ,in our name, and that of the collected pro-
vinces, whose cause and sentiments we express, we conjointly
call on your Royal Highness, with the best founded hope, to
accept the title of Constitutional and Perpetual Defender of
Brazil, and to convoke in this Court a General Assembly of the
provinces of Brazil, represented by a competent number of De-
puties, who can never be fewer than a hundred, named by nine
parochial electors, elected by' the people with special powers
for that purpose ; whose functions shall be to deliberate
in public Session, respecting the first conditions under which
Brazil should remain united to Portugal—to examine if the
Constitution which the General Cortes of Lisbon are now mak-
ing: is altogether adapted for Brazil ; and on the bases there
decreed and here sworn to—rto establish the emendations, re-
forms, and alterations with which the same Constitution ought
to be received in the Brazil, and because this never can be
secure or prosper without a. Brazilian Legislative Body, the
same General Assembly, immediately after its installation, will
enter on the exercise of the Legislative power, which is essential
to it, and inseparable from the sovereignty of Brazil. The Ge-
neral Assembly shall be installed as soon as there shall be as-
sembled, in this Court, two-thirds of the Deputies of the collected
provinces. The same Assembly will endeavour to communi-
cate by writing, with the Cortes of Lisbon, in order to maintain
the union with Portugal, which Brazil is desirous of preserving.
The Assembly will name, after being fully assembled, the
place which shall be the seat of Brazilian Sovereignty.
" Independence? Sir, according to the opinion of the most esti-
mable politician, is as natural to colonies, as separation is in
the case of Families ; and Independence so modified will bring
honour to Brazil, as it will utility to Portugal, and be an eter-
nal bond of union for the Monarchy in general. Nature never
formed Satellites greater than their Planets. America ought to
belong to America, Europe to Europe ; because the Great
Architect of the Universe did not in vain interpose the im-
mense space which separates them. This is the moment for
establishing a durable system, and to connect together all the
parts of one grand whole; not to appreciate this is to insult the
Divinity. Brazil in the midst of independent nations, enjoying
the felicity to which they were destined by nature, never could
preserve itself colonially subject to a distant and remote nation,
without strength to defend it, and still less to conquer it.
" Art thou or art thou not willing ?—Resolve Senhor --."
The following was the Prince's answer :

" I am informed of the wish of the people of Rio, and as
soon as I shall become acquainted with that of the other pro-
vinces, either through their Cameras or their Procurators Ge-
nerals, I shall immediately conform t&the will of the people of
this great, fertile, and rich kingdom."
On the 23d of May Francisco Xavier Ferreira, Deputy from
th e province of the Rio Grande, in a speech addressed to the Prince
Regent, expressed his approbation of the representation of the
Senate, and declared that he had also subscribed it. The public
opinion, it may be presumed, is strongly in favour of the mea-
sure. A paper against the representation has, however, been
published, under the title of Reclamaeao do Brazil. This is
an honourable proof of the free state of the press, in the midst
of such events.

Madrid Papers 'to the 16th inst. have arrived.
At that time all was quiet at Madrid, and advices were daily
arriving from the Provinces of the good spirit of the troops, and
the resolutions of the people in favour of the present COnsti-
tution. The rebellious Guardi, who were dispersed on the morn-
ing of the 7th, have been nearly all made prisoners, or voluntarily
laid down their arms; and the Royal Carabineers, on whose
co-operation with the Guards so much reliance was placed in
the French ultra papers, are reduced to a handful of fugitives
by the Constitutional troops and the Militia, and have taken re-

fuge in the mountains of Toledo, from which measures are taken

to dislodge them.—On the restoration of aanquillity at Madrid,
steps were immediately taken to inquire into the cause of the
late revolt, and to inflict punishment on its chief instigators.—
The Ki xo accordingly appointed, on the 14th, a special military
commission, composed of officers. of the garrison and of the
militia, to try the authors and accomplices of the late revolt.
This commission was actively employed, and hoped to finish
their labours in three days ; and, with just discrimination, had
divided the accused into four classes : 1. The officers ; 2. The
soldiers who had been found firing ; 3. The soldiers taken
with arms in their hands ; and, 4. Those apprehended with-
out arms. Besides the Duke DEL Ixrawravio, banished
to Badajos, and 'the Marquis DE LAS AMIARLLAS, to Gre-
nada, Lieutenant-General the Marquis of Cas,Ttra.an,
has been exiled to Carthagena, the Count de Casannra,
to Valencia, Lieutmant-General FRANCISCO LONGA,
to Badajoz, Brigadier D. JUAN SANCHEZ Cm:Enos, to
Avila; and other military and civil officers of high rank to
Grenada. His Majesty acts with unusual vigour against his
late friends and adherents ; and though all the changes and re-
forms in the KING's household are not yet announced, it
is said they will take place without delay. The Marquis of
SANTA CRUZ, the new Director of this branch of the Royal
establishment, entered on his office on the 14th ; the famous
PULAFAX has been appointed Captain of the Halberdiers, and
the Count ONATE, Gram! Equerry. Thete are at present the
only new nominations in the King's Household. The Mi-
nistry is not yet complete, but, in addition to theappointments
of General LOPEZ Bar:os, as War Minister, and Senor CALA-
TRAVA, as Minister of the Interior, Senor CA LV 0 DE Monas
has been nominated Minister of Finance, and Senor Painio, Se-
cretary of State for Foreign Affairs, in the room of Senor
MARTINEZ DE LA Rosa, who has positively declined to con.
tinue,in office.—We rejoice to add that the subscription opened
to assist the wounded soldiers of the garrison, and the families
of.the guards killed in the action, had proved completely sue-
cessfull; and that, the liberality of our Minister at Madrid shone
forth conspicuously on the occasion. On this subject the Uni-
versal says—

. " As soon as the Ambassador of England transmitted his
3,000 reals, as a subscription to the wounded of the clay of the
7th, the Municipal Ilody of Madrid expressed to the Secre-
tary of Embassy, who was charged with the commission, their
lively gratitude at so decided a step in favour of Spanish liberty
on the part of the Representative of the English nation, who,
in his quality of citizen of a free country, could not fail to
unite in all things with the enemies of slavery, who, without

Nassau Papers to the 4th of June gives numerous details of
the cptinued depredations of the pirates upon the British as
well as American vessels in the West Indies.

The Spanish ship Velos Mariana arrived at Havannah on the
16th June in 17 days from Vera Cruz, and sailed again the
same day for Cadiz, having on board General Cauz, 6 officers,
50 soldiers, and 50 citizens, passengers.
