CATHOLIC QUESTION:

The Marquis of LANSDONVNE, in reply to a question
from the Earl of Eldon, as to tlie course which he intended
to pursue respecting the resolution in the llotne of Com-
mons, which was to he taken intd consideration on Mon-
day next, said—My Lords, I consider this a very proper
Opportunity of stating, not only to the Noble Lord, but to
the House generally, the course which I intend to adopt
when the resolution relating to the Catholicr, and to which the
concurrence of your Lordships is desired, comes on for dis-
cussion. Having been twice before pressed to brim,' for-
ward that question under circumstances which made me
deem it not prudent to accede to the wish of the pe-
titionersy_ I do think that a proper opportunity has
now occurred, and it is therefore my firm intention
on Monday next to state the reasons why I shall propose to
this House the concurrent resolutions of the Commons.
If your Lordships so concur, it is not my intention to follow
it tip with any other proposition than that concurrence he
communicated to the Lower House.
MINISTERIAL CHANGES
Lord KINC in presenting a petition front certain Uni-
tarians in favour of the Catholic Claims, expressed his sur-
prise that the Noble and Learned Lord opposite, in all the
changes that had taken place, had not found himself
in offiae, that Noble Lord had not his seat on the
Woolsack, was not to be wondered at, as he hail
himself declared that he never would return to his
former judicial duties. But that was no reason why
he should not have found himself slipped into a seat on
the Ministerial Bench. Perhaps if the Noble and Learned
Lord had worn a pair of epattletts for the greater part
of his lite, instead of full-bottomed, he might have
been deemed fit to be introduced among the Major-Gene-
rals. But as he bad not that advantage, and as he
had been so much accustomed to order and to justice
Major-Generals would probably look upon his coming into
office as a piece of grave buffoonery.—(A laugh>) -
Lord ELDON said, that before either the Noble Lord
opposite, or persons in other places made charges
against hint, they ought first to ascertain whether there
was any both in their imputations. It had been said that
he interfered in the recent Ministerial changes, but be
really had not.
(Left sitting.) ,

,~,;

HOUSE OF COMMONS. -

Mr. Morrison from the Mint, presented an Account of
the quantity of Gold coined during the last year.
Mr. PLANTA moved for v mew Writ for a Member to
serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wells, in the room
of Lir George Cockburn, who had, accepted the Steward-
ship of the Chiltern Hundreds.
Sir RONALD FERGUSSON presented a petition from
the palish of Scorley, in the county of Fife, praying the
House to adopt the plan suggested by Mr. Robert Gourlay,
for paying off the national debt by the sale of lands in Ca-
nada.—Ordered to lie on the table.
On the motion of Lord ALTHORP, the order of the
day for the Committee on the Freeholders Registration
Bill was postponed until to-morrow senn'ight.
ALEHOUSE LICENSING BILL.
Mr. DAVIES GILBERT presented a petitio❑ from
Penzance, against the Alehouse Licensing Bill.
Mr. TALMASH presented a similar petition from
Grantham.
Mr. WARD presented a petition from the Merchants and
Traders of the city of London, praying the House to repeal
the Stamp Duties on Receipts.
Mr. LOCKHART presented a petition from the Wool
Growers of Selkirk, for a further protection against the
importation of Foreign Wool.

CM:INTY BANK NOTES.
Mr. MUNDAY presented a petition from Chesterfield,
in Derbyshire, against the Act which limits the circula-
tion of the one pound notes to the Ist of April, 1829.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. HENRY EDEN,
from Fowey ; by Colonel BY.RESI'OIO), from Berwick-on-
Tweed ; and by Yr. MARSHALL, from Rotterdam.—The
.petitions were ordered to be printed.

4,4 s,

•',' .

• Nrft,.#. HOWtOtpresetited gitittdu ti thelabour-
ihg people of Exeter 'complaining of distress.'
Mr. PENDARVES presented a petition from Cornwall,
praying for the abolition of Negro slavery.
USURY LAWS.

I". THOMPSON brought in a Bill to repeal the
Laws felatitig to Usury In certain cases, which ;vas read a
first time, and ordered to be read a sectind time on the
13th ihst;
Mr; Alderman WOOD moved for returns bf the quan-
tity bf Malt (lighted into Spirits in the United it ing4oln
during the last year.—Ordered.
Mr. V. FITZGERALD presented a petition from the
Society for the,lmpiovement of Ireland, complaining of
the.bitnentable comlition of the Poor in Ireland.

Para ROlittßT GRANT presented a peiitioft froth In-
verness, calling attention to the State' of die Oaoll in
Scatland, which was referred to the -Comn►itte on the
Scotch 3ailF.
