COURT CIRCULAR.

Yesterday morning their 11A.Ittsms, aecompanied by
the Duchess of Comucataun, Prince Ocoaux of Cum-
berland, Prince Litotowa, and Prime° Gtottox of Cam-
bridge, and a numerous suite, attended divine service in
St. George 'e Chapel, Windsor.
The Rev. Dr. lialiAlt; Dean of the Chapel, preahed
the sermon. The musical service was Kstio'l in R.
The anthem wee from the 7*4 Psalrn,--,, Give the king
thy judgments," composed by Dr. Bovcs.
The Prince's AUUUSTA and the Leudgravine of Ilissx
Iloununo attended divine service at the perish church at
Windsor.

Ilia istartrrr inspected the Sth Itegiment of Dragoon
Guard's On Saturday morning in the Court-yard of the
Horse Barracks at Windsor. Prince Lvornt.n,the Colonel
of the Regimeut, rode from the Palace at eleven o'clock
to the barracks At a quarter past twelve, the KINU and
accompanied by the Duke and Prince Groans:
of CIIIIaiRLAND, and Prince Groitog of CAalaitllitllie,
and the suite of their 'Hansom, arrived at the harracka
in seven carriagses. Ilia MAJESTY then inspected the re-
gi went.

After the review their MAJICIMIEV and the Royal pat ty
partook of the public hrsakfsst given by his Royal High-
ness Prince ',forma, at the barracks; the officers of
the regiment and a party of the nobility and gentry
were present at the entertainment.

The weather was unfavourable during the inspection.
It hem to rain at the commencement, and eoutiru►wl
raining the whole of the tittle.
About three o'clock their MeJsame and suite left the
barracks, and returned to the palm,.

The entertiinment given to the peer of Windsor on
Friday, in honour of the birth-day of the Qt:xxtr, WAS
given, not by the Corporation, as has been stited, but
by the inhabitants, who made a voluntary subscription
The Duke of CAUSKIDOX arrived in town on Friday
night from the Queen's Lodge, in Bushy Park, where
his Royal Iliebnese had dined with their MAnsms and
the members of the Royal Family, at the celebration of
the Quitas's birth-day. His Royal Highness dined with
the Duke of Susi= on Saturday evening at his residence
in the King's Palace at Kensington. The Royal Mike
attended Divine Service yesterday morning in the Chapvi
Royal, St. James's.
Ilis 111A41:STY has given the Duke of Ctristexar.aien the
house on Kew-green, veer the river *hie, putelutirerd by his
late Majesty, Cixonce IV. some six years ago.: • •
The Spanish Minister had en interview with the Earl of
Antauserr on Saturday, at the Foreign-office.
The French Charge d'Affaires transacted business at the
office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affails, on
Saturday.

LordLavisox GOWXR hal entered on hie official duties,
at the Horse G4arthof is Secretary at War.

During a visit the KING lately made at
Windsor, he accidentally instil a member of the St;ei- ty
of Friends in the Cattle-yard, who, contrary to the reli»
giuus scruple of that body, uncovered told/ Ain rears. Tfo
King, °barring it, addressed hint shus—ii Keep on your
hat, friend, your religion end mine are diforent."

We can only just allude to that iinporguot feature
of the recent electiou—the return of the Afentb,rs (see of
expense. In a county so extensive as Yorkshire, this is et
signal proof of the virtue and public spirit of the free.
holders. At the great contested election of 1807, antra-
pence* of the three Cantlidstse amounted tit a gust tor of a
million; and at the eleotion for WV% when there was no
contest, but t'nlY PrrPil;railii7 tenel for quo, thet:iu,r
to destroy
I):tdhttnePlsule Ytfipeut'stlen uuttess iiof the Members, end the intle
donee of the county; and it the new system of t
the Members free of expose. had not been ado stet, 'um'
shire would totes been reduced to the conditins! f Close Yin
borough, anti ite representation in future' tolj ‘C y
great families. At the present election Wu!'" I':
I fe‘
Lord Monerrss, anti Mr. Ilwrtsts.r., will h
whatever to pay beyond their share of 41" nt)
pauses for the erection of the pollin I t 66(6`1 ex-
atlltvoePritihsienrgal. nalttLntstedery ottohearbcultttatirSoeolltatailiue:e4dtabt:l:7ltiettrlilbilryehtii)::
freelsoldere thetataelvet. Mr.
:14uwce; :lug; n
electionsa 1 ail:eons e'ennns:d slttDvpittuletl::: excel'.;
liltIlve:4;t:"Itv;a:11:::::::
lit„vier atcroustit. Weisiee that "of
114"
it
"'l'd'
Devon, and we trust, it will so courts I ' I
good sense of all the virtuous at ad "4"
tt"
11,thnitY as to lest'. to its generali '1741' fart
''f
tt'e
coot-
bu
tne hest means ever devisetlof !t
slte spirit
vvuuld
and true independence in the electors, ~u,l
the Representatives to virtue, hoacsav,, -snd
public serviot‘,Lerds Ater cuty,,,ys
two

.::~;`

. .
SPIRIT OF THE °PUBLIC JOURNALS.' ' lion. The immediate consequences are, a subsi- the subsequent condemnation by the Admiralty beaten, and that the opposition to it bas gained me did it, it was de brandy : I take brandy ..a glass ALGIERS.
dente of political hostility; an harmonious union Court in Lisbon, would seem, when the award had greatly in point of strength. This result will not —and brandy get in my head. re..r..••...........
The Courier's exress from Dover, announcing -among men, heretofore severed as the partisans once been made, to be beyond all remedy for the be wondered at by those who reflect on the de- ' Mr. RAWLINSON sect him to the House of Cor-
the apprehension of Prince Penton!, proves to have of their respective Representatives, but now jointly parties immediately interested. A case has how- plorable figure cut by the Ministry in .every division
,rection for the longest time prescribed by law. Lord, high in office, froth the British Consul et
been erroneous; while our statement that be layhid pleased and satisfied with both. If these, when ever occurred, which affords an opportunity for on every important question, whether of domestic LAMBETH-STREET. The following letter has been received by a Noble
Algiers, R.N. St. John, Esq. :
in London has been confirmed by a report that he tried, be found faithful and incorruptible men—as judicial relief,. by the law courts of this country, or foreign policy, during the :ast Session of Par- ELOPERIENT.—Saturday evening Mr.Elliott,land- i
the injustice committed, or alleged to have liamentthe lord or the Thr
eeCastle, - like to bail a correct
the My ragAg Loan,—As you.max h
been
pau, _
the Duke of Wellington. With reference to this concord will continue; but ' if, after the lesson been committed, by those of Portugal. One of the commencement of
„the Session, but the fulfilment green,
. presented himself before the Magistrates, account of the strange events which ave t 1
.140,
report we must say, thatmaking every allowance for which their
own election must have taught them, earliest condemnations at Lisbon of vessels detained of them was both scanty and tardy. measures with his face dreadfully cut and contused, his clothes here,-I write to say that the French landed
t .ourt...hu.y.lwitiii.!
the demands of private friendship, it is not to he they turn out otherwise, then most assuredly will by the Portuguese squadron off Terceira, was that of were proposed and abandoned—revised and remo- covered with blood, and altogether exhibiting a most June, and advanced gradually
h till th.e4i_ohrjuJpoln
wh'ile;
endured that a man guilty of the worst treason— the Freeholders turn out them." In the analysis of the Briton. The party to whom she has been celled, until no one could tell whether the Palle- singular appearance, and alied for a warrant their batteries opened on
.t elmperial F
k ked steal
In six hours it was so noc
treason against the people—shall be herboored in the Votes, published by the above Paper, that of awarded under that condemnation, has, as it appears ment or the Government had the greatest share against a master tailor in the Strand: He said that the town depended.
abandoned and blew it up. Before this
the official residence of first Minister of England. the 104 Clergymen who voted, seventy gave plum- by letters received yesterday from Lisbon, fitted her in them. 'Add to this that the coadjutors of the on the day before he and Mrs, Elliott had a few• thattoo the
lu Turks, ". Ataillitare JULY '7.
General de Bourmont bad sent to request me
Let those who make light of the traitor's guilt learn pers for Gooch, five plumper: for Banbury, six out tinder a new name, the Valente, and she has Premier are not precisely, in every . instance, the words, which were provoked. by her, and shortly'
from M. Marti gnite, and the Due de Pimientos, the plumpere for Tyrell ; four voted for Gooch and Ty. actually been chartered on a voyage to Hull, for sort of men that the country would wish to see- in afterwards she proceeded up stairs, changed her le Same prisoners of war in Algiers saying also that at
respectable Royalist Minister of Louis Dixhuit, and reit •; eight for Gooch and Bunbury ; and eleven for which port she sailed on the 26th ult. As soon as the occupation of the highest offices of the State— dress, and left the house with her only child. He we
to complunicate, in my
gs desirous of seeing me at his heakuarters. I 1,1,1,
the son of the last of the Capets, how to speak of Banbury and Tyrell. As Suffolk is termed par ex- the fact became known, the original owners of the that they are almost all inferior,' in point of talent, (Mr. Elliott) at the time thought that she had m„ely my duty to decline both these requests. After the fort Dal
him, " Imbecile, infamous, end perfidious," are eellence the County of Parions, the signal defeat of vessel determined on making some effort for the to many others, to whose introduction to office there gone to take a walk,- and would return as soon as been blown uP in the after3ooo.. the Dey sent for ise,ulo
the terms which they, with all the leanings of their the favourite of the Parsons in their very head-guar- recovery of their property, and orders- have been could be no objection—and that while the Premier her paseion cooled: In this opinion, however, he found him in a terrible state.: the whole tun;
thi
01.
own name, with the Day, respeebt-
mieds in favour of the late Dynasty, apply to its tors, is a sign of the times not to be misunder- sent, we understand, to Hull to detain . the vessel on the one hand, has shown a disposition to carry was mistaken, for having; occasion in „hort time uproar, all crying out to me, as I Passed,.
him sto e
erne-
counsellors. In 46 treatrrient of the Monarch him- stood, The Aristocracy and Clergy find that a new as soon as sllO may arrive, on the around that the on the affeirs of the country without the aid of such afterwards to go to the gashahax, he discovered that
self, the French nation *efficiently testifies its mag- era has commenced for them. " There is no cir- condemnation at Lisbon has been illegal, even ac- men, he has also evinced an inclination to meddle his wife had carried away with her,upwards of 401., de Bourmont, with a message desiring him
nanimity and clemency ; but justice must have her cumrtance (says the Bury. Chronicle) growing out cording to the constitution of the Portuguese courts, with' important interests, without proving • that he. and he, in consequence, sent persons to all parts conditions. The General. received me with l"'
that if the forts pince
At the entreaty of the Dey.l went frorrih :
,en
,_ ,i,
dues; and if the Councillors of Charles the Tenth of this contest, so unaccountable as Sir Thelma and independently of the right of detention by the had at command the means of bringing his measures of the village in search of her, but she was no.
escape the punishment of their crimes, the responsi- Gooch's entering into it. He could not, with all blockading squadron off Terceira. We are not to a successful completion—we say let these things where to be found. In the course of the afternoon, were putt intod
religion
civility, and assured
psi' the inhabitants should be re,
bility of the Milliners of a limited Monarchy be- the iqfluence of the Aristocracy, have double aware of the met mode in which the question will be Oilcan into consideration, and it will no longer be Mr. G—, a master-tailor, residing in the Strand, property, and
Dey
ci course the
to these PrePeulj'
comes a jest; nor can the great principle which his number on Me poll—we speak advisedly—and be raised for the interference and judgment of our wondered at that a Government so weak and ineffi- who had been introduced to him and Mrs. E. about .
Ind, indeed, bad her efused, the batteries were all rev y
aibli
provides for the inviolability of the Royal. person, the demonstrations of feeling were so y . , decided' law courts, bat it is expected that means will be clew should find but fewprofessed candidates in its 4 month before by their ' •
~ , „ , . solicitor, called at leis to re-commence, and a general slaughter would pre
.I!llur!dndraebytthte next morning, the floe'
itielf be maintained, except by the vindication, m troop,.
against him throughout the country, that the found in one shape or other to try the point, which behalf, arid as few real supporters. An independent house and ordered tea. Being On terms of intimacy have followed if the town had been donned -Y sue 1
the persona of Ministers, of the eternal and introit- •
blindest infatuation alone could have driven will of course be one of great interest and import- party has, in fact, sprung out of the weakness of the with him, he mentioned how Mrs. E. had served "During the night of the 4th,. the town was in gibe
but while the tea V,VIIB preparing „de the
table rights of the peop(e. Absolve the Ministers, him to the poll. Some eyes will, perhaps, begin once to the whole commercial world.—Times. present Government, whose object is not indeed him, on which be condoled with him OD the sub- confusion, from the Dey being unable to Pe" I,
• he respell'
and you condemn the. King himself. There is no to open that never could bear the light, and
Convinced, as we are, that the people of this systematically to oppose it, but to compel it to re e ject; he disappeared. people that their lives and property would 0 0 ti 4
alternative. We, indeed, are far from coveting the never will like it. The enlightened spirit of the ceive into its ranks men of more acknowledged tie. In about an hour afterwards he received the follow- He at length sent for me, and told mte ' Unite! 7 mill aoi
f I d'
country,
and o every State, shou d regard the esta-
odious office of whetting the resentments of the age, which has cast off the swaddling clothes from
bl•sh rtruly constitutional monarchy .
tit o. a
roust be am.
French people; but we must beware lest the senti- many 1 children of larger growth,' and released ex- .„I me. . liner- the
more suitable to the genius of the age and " Ma. Heraorr,—Unlese you hasten here, Mrs. Elliott
be
induced
to
yield,
and
the
eonseglle boilieve your rod,
meta of the public mind in England be mistinder. ;sting multitudes from the narrow prejudices of France as an additional security to their own liner- the spirit of the times. The events which have and her child Will be on the road to South Green. Haste, fist ; but if you will do so, they w
stood; amid we du not suffer, therefore, any weak party, will no longer suffer communities to be ruled ties, we cannot but participate in the feelings of ad- taken place in France cannot fail to give to this we are staying at the White Horse, Word. and be satisfied.'
and eave tl'
feeling of humanity to prevent our declaring that by :nen whose public life is fashioned to promote miration and sympathy which the heroic and tent- party a decided advantage in the pursuance of its " Yours, in baste, "H. G. " I immediately went among the
peeple,
a d ttern, e'd
the people of England are well content that Prince their private gain, nor induce compliance with teen- perate patriotism of the inhabitants of Paris has so schemes; and thenaroes of several gentlemen have " Coma, for I cannotl, .
prevail
en tier to come the desired assurance, which at once stelae . . sot
French prisoner .
back. ''' instantly, .restoredorder. Ithen for iS H. a.i,
Polignee and his associates shall meet that doom cures tending to benefit the few at the expense of generally inspired. At the same time we feel it been already mentioned- to us as likely, notwith- . .ding two DP"'
they have so richly merited.—Morning Chronicle,, the many." When language such as this proceeds our duty to put the people of England upon their standing considerable disagreement in political opi- He immediately proceeded, in his horse and gig,
which
the primal. There we& 130,-inele . _
_O4,
towards •
the White Horse, and on the road he met
which latter .I
took with sae to General„se Pau ,fiu
Watt.
The traffic which, Government carries on in cer- d against the machinations of dangerous and nionv to displace thepresent feeblecoadjutors from the interpreters of the sentiments of the yea guar, of his wife and Mr. G. walking arm-in-arm ' together. hour
the reruainder in the British Con „tica.
marry, let no man despair of the good cause. A tor- designing men, who take advantage of the present. the Premier as soon as Parliament shall have as-
had
hour fixed for the entry of the French army w_as ten
....1: bort
snits boroughs, iit one of those "shameful party" in He had 'Limped out f
respondent, than whom few hove better opportunities crisis to give utterance, at public meetings, to sere, sembled. Who, indeed,. is there in the presentof his chaise, but Ita!I scarcely but the General, at myrequeet, geve the .1-)!Y:“.., „toe
our political system most carefully screened fromreached jumped
.
'merits of the most extravagant and violent descri Cabinet to compare with such men s
Wits notice but which it were well if the advo. of beitigacquainted with the sentiments of the Indus- ti . p-,a ,on the one ground when Mr. G. struck him a molt more to r eve his roperty to his private not;
_.e ~
pu ,violent blow on the face lc h k k le . ela
P
ensuing Session of 01009 classes throughout the country', thus ends a ti on. . . 'on Such men are not the friends of liberty, tint but hand, Huskisson Charles Grant, and his brother,, wto noc knocked un down. he now remains. General Bounnent's quer e`,_4,
cotes of Reform would, in the
parliament, lay bare. The number of these bo- letter to us:—" Mark my words, this new Perlin. its worst enemies. They are the emissaries of evil the successful candidate at Norwich, in opposition .
_. o.w.
roughs I beast to an Administration
hs has been variously rated at from a dozen to ment Will be an tig y y . . p
.1). . . .
_ for ur oses which those who recollect former times to Peel's brother Brou ham Sir James Oral a tendered him completely lifeless, and while io that 150,000,000 of fetuses. Pi
' g ' I In, state his wife and Mr. 0 disappeared, and he " Yesterday (the 6th) the Dey desired see tn,tsi
either with hard Next Parliament' our and every country will be of political excitement and trouble will easily ima- Lord Palmerston, and many others whom we could
of eul''
a score, which Ministers purchase, .
fought against the Si i eachy and Lords " The gine. One of those persons said at a public meet- nitme'; and, on the other, with Lords G 'H I had heard nothing of them since. ' requested that I would procure him the means .
so aio
rey, Ho l- cloth or patronage, as best they can, and retail to,0 q , r
t t• ' .1
) • h I d 1 "Ell public
fed' h ' us In reply to the Magistrates' questions Mr. Elliott Algiers with his suite, consisting of 81 pees' . wept
their adherents at prices proportioned to the services Aristocracy every where aeg.n to perceive teat taey mg, te ot ler ay, t utt Ilg UM wante ust such land, Durham --ts enc., ..arrowley, Dudley, &c.? said, that Mr. G. had f 1 II d' h' asked, as a last favour, that I would take the lasnf4coure
which each of those individuals is capable of render.. and the people are the only divisions, and hence the a revolution as had taken place in France." The answer is,—No one; and is a Ministry coin - requcnt yca e at Is house
(iring the last month,
but he did not observe that ,_ of his property in Algiers for the present. I porslot
in g. Time a„ Attorney or solieitor.Generul is en- desertion of Mr. Brougham by the Squires, who Whether this Person had a licence in his pocket for posed of such inferior materials—take Gooburn as a
he aid his wife consented to both his requests, and General de ,
rho,
titled, if lie cannot else procure himself to be elected, cull p y
themselves of his art . Nothing foraooth uttering such seditious language we neither know saniple—to be tolerated in a awn r any particular attention,
' •-- it -, ' care, but it is certainly the ofthat '
something ty. which.pos- The
_.L.b The
to a seat for the stun of 2,0001., the Treasury making will satisfy them but lording over the people.— nor are,
.sort language gasses more than the semblance of a voice warrant was immediately granted, which is the place he has chosen for his rend
lc!•
_r hi,
Hence too, we fear the coolness of the Aristocracy, such persons as castles and Oliver formerly indulged in the selection? The country s treimee-etALL, censiderable parch kind"
~.
op to the complaisant burgesses or boroughmonger, • I
the
... aye, by its return A General has also restored him a h km,
ss/ii ANCIENT Buetetts.r.e.-An elderl man manedtime with lea' ' andought to cause the I •of the ' eof
by whom the seat may be furnished, the difference while the great body of people are giving vent to, . f expulsion
i. property, coining him at the same w
in its value. On the other hand, the occupants of to their admiratien of the heroic conduct of the dual using it from all decent society. The retdu- it will not tolerate. such doings; and in truth , John Parc was with • t
Elizabe If . hrl " charged
- .in ermarrying with news and attention, up the '111,"
ion in France has been reduced batan it al h i are
certain public departments enjoy their emolumentson French. This is the subject of universal remark. t p y yr. rc . t.e Lases not meet that it should. They re- ump e, a bouncing eremite lass Of ."I trust
in will think I base kept lei
18 h' 'th seeeee!' s
. is former . wife being still alive. The prisoner tional honour in having exerted myself wl to 1
subversion of the connitutional s stem which the
the coridition of applying a vermin portion of them to But will this keeping aloof aid them in their design 1 . , . y , quire men of clear heads, as well as of itrong innated sabre ~
1 d ironed Km nad sworn to u hold and whi h I the purchase of a seat in the House of Commons, the to Prevent the People from obtaining that control]. el g I) i cle nerves—men alike distinguishedery their weight and d
was married to his first wife at St. John's time in protecting the Dey from his own
....of 1111
John's, y-0.,- 1
Treasury yielding no assistance whatever. So the- over their Representatives which the French have dared most basely to destroy. Such a revolution influencewith the country, as by their capacity to own, in September, 1826, and it was stated' that the first instanee, the sot
'and by obtaining ,he pry '
:ea to • - I
roughly established is this system, that an instance, obtained ? 0, no—therr conduct will only servel, t the ofthe public will teas. it
ii . - conduct its concerns with honour and success. The she was 20 years '
younger than the prisoner. Si j safe conveyance to Leghorn. In just--
~.t don
likesives " replied the • should be known, that, during a governm`" eOO
ner.
Ott 60 occasion of the present General Election, to irepeess the more strongly on the people Out they pone violence. to ordinances of Charles X. state of Europe was never so ticklish—never so On young 4_ ,e pritr.
r.
has never committed a single act 01
mi lit be mentioned, of an Under-Secretary, who,
g are their real enemies. It is forcibly observed by a doomed the national liberties to extinction •; they likely to give rise to the discussion of grave and the 1 th August, 1830 owner was years, he
cruelty or in'ustice.
1 h /Web hAd
grudging the outlay of his 6,000/., and having de- Sunday contemporary (the Examiner)-- were restored with a promptitude and energy be- important 'questions as at the present moment; and married to his second wife, at St. Mark 'l, Kenning- "In my interview with the Dey, after the „ote, em"
dined the representation of the place for whichcoming agreat andgenerous
" Osthe vietriiry of Parts won,hyhtehe people, 7 byl . - whit figure, let us ask, would the country cut were ton. Both wives
are living. entered the town, I had omitted to take dole . mete
t io.people of tin landg ill
, i num' h bet !I, an the po.ssessing. a collet' Theprisoner,- . . when culled upon for his defence . pence, but
he hitherto sat, received an intimation from head- 'tutional monarchy, or perishing its honour and fortunes, under such circumstances, • , trary, to the usual custom observed in his pr . bile, t
ted
better instructed
quarters' whereby he became be obligation expressed. 'I he Members of the Oligarchy will with the inestimable rights which arbitrary rower to continu t b
keep aloof front meetings, and avoid giving any encourage- had so daringly assailed. The
.. I.e o e entrusted to the Premier, and his
prance people of sngland said, " I defy any man living to live with my first m explainingthat 't as no want of respect to west
wife, she issuchregular devil;and finding YI w
10 Mb / 0
a
_3 tsit
in the value set on his presence in the House, and
meat
to a cause which cannot bra be belittle to their demi • e- • • almost 'nameless coadjotors? Would not every t
- enjoy those liberties which has 'ust res ..1 tom ors would not suit, I left her, and told her at and I should be remarked if without it, be rcllo7lwith •
was induced forthwith to commence Is negociation,
Initiation. The brilliancy of the first explosion of heroism.l Lilco one cry out ehame on the system which gave them main
Prom a tyrant s •
rant s grasp at the price of se much blood. • to the Hands f subalterns,' ' g she was at perfect liberty to get another bus- far from being offended, be would himself arm lairote with
luckily not unsucceeful, for his return elsewhere.— in France extorted their momentary admiration ; but the _ in e o in whom the country band,
They have not only a constitutionaladding, that I should get another wife. S weapon more Worthy Of me. He then' preseet6 ,of es
But besides furnishing seats to certain individuals wreck of the oppression hate moved their appvehemionc
have
the
satisfaetlon
0,
se . monarchy, but had comparatively no colifidence; and left un- which the blade 'le oree
your Worship, you see I did not act with deceptiona'
his own sabre of ceremony, of
haw 0,
II T deem it and not unreasonably, of fearful exam do to
at prices below the
.market value, cases occasion y in , . y, .
by a Sovereign whose tlis °sit' d . " towards her. lam told by th b that h best Damascus, the scabbard gold, and slit „„ me•
, e ye, at she as t faro,
~.1
arise. in which a favourite of Administration he fur- show the people how irresistible is their might when put. l i 1 p ton. an manners were known as most capable of conducting them another husband." muted with enteral& and rubies. I calm° ,Or
.
nishedl with funds to defray the expellee of contest- forth in unity anti
inspired with the assurance of justice. are eminently ea cu atet to obtain him the affection successfully ? The time is ripe • ewes 0:h
for change, and the taming this fact as a proof of the Deb's gr.a felt very iv
we should suspect the value of and respect of all classes of his si b. I •
ing an open place against a populercandidate. There We con ess, indeed,_ . _
_.
of _ I jects.. tis Duke of 'Yellin had better prepare himself inby which, on any part, I Waal li
first wife, who said that her character f virtue- the
feeling,
the example of trance, if we setv tnt nstocra ioI A ' t f true hia co e '
, ,it 'nuance in office the present intent- time to meet the conflict,er or and
is a person at this-moment engaged in n contest for which will inevitably.flattered."
13rudence, from the period the . prisoner abandoned
di Lie tramp.. .. h 1 . tributes petent anal unsuccessful M• • h k •
En land sharing " ; h W . a ever ton Ministry cee
.e, in some take place if his present aid dcontinued ..—.......-esseretree.
the ItepresentatiOn of a Borough in Ireland, who g. . t( _
goad
es- e-camp are Tii•
institutions must bode evil some measure, the her up to the present hour would b
hi to the attainmen if e, full expression of that popularitr in fh AI ' Ad • , ear the strictest COUNTRY CORN MARKS
tabours under as suspicion of. deriving from fol.li! 1i
all o ce.— Hornung Advertiser. to them, in the same proportion that it promises benefit to to which his condimi, since his accession investigation.
statue(, the needful supplies. Certain it us, that when, mankind, a We are therefore as well satisfied with the
other respects so 'esti entitles him. Bt en'"the .........___ . ~... , Prisoner—My good woman, it would have been DURING I.AsT ante..
WV'
itti.
...........''
a few years since, offered by the then- Prime M. treneral denial of patrician countenance to tine ineetings King. should, for a 'y
place itthat
i ' POLICE INTELLIGENCE. 1 Wheat. Barley. I 0 _
I. ~
r a time, his confidence el it well for me had you taken unto yourself another - e-- e 4,
'lister, a Government sleet at the lowest Treasury reachbn expressive of English' adiniration of Ministry in .
. 1. to e •. "' 6.
' ••• t in which the people lots no confidence, is husband, which you .had my full permission d Per Quarter. s. to a ~30
lIARYLEBONE.
this to do Carlisle 011 .1
price, thiS gentlemen declared that, with all pot- P heroism, as we are with the generous zeal which —•
"state yof tl •11
71 --.. .' ; ... 0
andehen things would not ha
sible zee) for the service of Government, his private the peopte. have shown to'render aid to the sufferers, sail
.hi tine,though much) to. he regretted, not ' On Saturday, john Evans, a married man, who nee. !lave come to pretty Carmarthen-......... 65 —4O 7 , ,•,..1 0) ~,, 4d
resources were of that limited mature to make the testify their sense of obligation. The ' humbler the indi- incornputt e with the enjoyment of a large degree has been employed as it_porter to take care of a s•-1 ' • flexharn.. ,la 13. 33 31 1 - at 7,
Aforpeth . ~ 64 76 513 38„ '' to "` 0
of public freedom. Thepersecutions of the Press, Grammar The first wife—Ali, utiv„„e, or a tingle shilling utterly impossible. Ili* virluelre are who distinpush themselyes in these acknow- . .
s e en ; --
11 '4l 1
reputation at that time need so high, that rather ledgements, the greater is our pleasure." and the wretched mismanagement of our foreign charged before Mr. HosKINS and Mr. RASYLINSONt you Web. rOUght this. all upon yourself. .- 77 -- - 35 a-
Winchester 60 75 27 421 d. cd• 0
than forego the support he was supposed capable of Again we observe, the remelt. of die late elections The prisoner was co
relations, under the present 'Government, not to with having, by false pretences, decoyed Sarah - mraitted, Per Bushel. s.d. s.d. s.d. cid• cdiL4 0 5.66 0
uttoriling to the Administration, he was. returned ought to banish despair from the, friends of the mention the falsifications of their pledges of re- Smith, of,No. 22, Upper Cleveland-street, Fitzroy- . . _____. ... Coventry ................. 70 9 0
Newcastle (Staff.) 11 9 11 a o o 0 0 , 5 4 0 ! 5 tio
upon his own terms. Now .we find him bringing must ultimately triumph,• trenehment and economy, and the disa ointment of square, '
in people. The good Cause . . , pp , ,
the into the above place, and attempted to vio- DREADFUL SUICIDE ON HOUNSLOW- NorthallerUm ...... 7 0 9 3 3el 4 3 ;tt 4 0 0 3 (,)0
Perseverance and combination will achieve wonders. the public hope as to their promised reforms in lute her person. HEATH. Stafthrd .....-......... 909 4 5 9 028 3 ,
non-resident freemen at an enormous expense, and5wan5ea.,.....,,,,,. 9 8 10 a 4 8 4 9 9 . 4 0 'I
,1 i
boldly adventuring for the representation of a place, —Mornin,g Chronicle. administration of justice, justified the public dielike The complainant,.
Werviteko 0 10 0, 4 0 50 3 . ,
a s 01 rid
which bail beers so strongly manifested towards I*ha it a good-looking girl of On Sattuda• P
y afternoon an in held before " B°H. I
the elector* of which are notorious beyond any, The French. King has appointed his Ministry: the e . , . 8, stated, that in inquiring for a situation as Barnardcastle 18 6219901007 0 tt 6 le y t
b.Orl
them,
at tne recent elections; but, thank o, we a set- Mr..STmeieu, coroner for Middlesex, at the sign of Durham —is 0 206; 90 108 09 soll.tt tau,
borough 'in Ireland for their venality; nor has any names and offices are as follow :—vent to a family, •
have still a Constitution which will outlive their she accidentally met with the psi- the Cricketters, HOunslow, on the body f Edward R1chm0nd..........-8 0 21 0 11 0 10_6 ,:71__,03 7.2_,i.......,). •
visible change taken place in his condition or fortune Foreign Affairs—Count de Alole.
noway. WA thAino;vo .int er Ain /v. 111111,0! it fins in.. ii.o..ner, and he told her, if she would meet him in, Luff.. 'Aff.d: '7A y o&eaten • 110 6 10 6; 6 0 9 0 4
‘t.' .

The traffic which, Government carries on in eel'.
tams boroughs, ie one of those " shameful parts" it
our political System most carefully screened from
public notice, but which it were well if the advo-
cates of Reform would, in the ensuing Session of
Parliament, lay bare. The number of these bo-
roughs has been variously rated at from a dozen to
a score, which Ministers purchase, either with hard
cash or patronage, as best they can, and retail to
their adherents at price* proportioned to the services
which each of those individuals is capable of render-
ing. Thum an Attorney or Solicitor.Generul is en-
titled, if he cannot else procure himself to be elected,
to a seat for the sum of 2,000/., the Treasury making
up to the complaisant burgesses or boroughmonger,
by whom the seat may be furnished, the difference
in its value. On the other hand, the occupants of
Certain public departments enjoy their emolument son
the condition of applying a eertain portion of them to
the purchase of a seat in the House of Commons, the
Treasury yielding no assistance whatever. - So tho-
roughly established is this system, that an instance,
,on the occasion of the present General Election,
might be mentioned, of an Under-Secretary, who,
grudging the outlay of his 6,000 L, and having de-
clined the representation of the place for which
he hitherto sat, received an intimation from head-
quarters' whereby he became better instructed
in the value set on his presence in the House, and
was induced forthwith to commence a negociation,
luckily not unsuccelful, for his return elsewhere.—
But besides furnishing seats to certain individuals
at prices below the
.market value, cases occasionally
arise. in which a favourite of Administration furs
nished with funds to defray the expellee of contest-
ing an open phice against a popular candidate. There
is a person at tide-Moment engaged n contest for
the Itepresentatient Of a Borough in Ireland, who
labours under it suspicion of. deriving from such a
source the needful supplies. Certain it is, that when,
a few years since, offered by the then- Vrime Mi-
nister, a oovernment tuna at the lowest Treasury
Plice• Ns gentlemen declered that, with all pot-
bible zeal for the service of Government, his private
resources 'wore of that limited mature to make the
advance of a single shilling utterly
reputation at that time Stolid so high, that rather
than forego the support he was supposed capable of
uffinifing to the Administration, ha was. returned
upon his own terms. Now we find him bringing in
non-resident freemen at an enormous expence, and
boldly adventuring for the repreientation of a place,
the elector* of which are notorious beyond any,
borough 'in Ireland for their venality; nor has any
visible change taken place in his condition or fortune
beyond the circumstance of his having been recently
appointed to fill one of those anomalous judicial
tuations which are compatible with a seat_ in the
House of Ceremons„These matters are necessarily in-
rived in so much mystery, that it is not possible for
us to affirm bow, in fact, this has been managed. We
can only state the phenomena; but, so far as ap-
pearances go, we will add, that it is scarcely decent
to see a Judge, within one brief mouth of his eleva-
tion to the tribunal, brought 'fortrard as a Minis-
Oriel candidate ut a violent contested election. The
Duke of Wellington and Mr. Peel generally take
to themselves the praise of yielding a very reluctant
acquiescence to tine corrupt system which, in the
existing order of things, they admit to be neeessary
for the conduct of Government; but, if we mistake
not, the transactions of the present electioo, it fully
disclosed, would stew that the system with all
its corruption, has been pursued in no sluggish or
indifferent temper, and that if, as the best informed
persons predict (and the Table of Returns which
we Published on Saturday appears to Jostifyt such
predictioes)i the result of the appeal to the people
Is far from favourable to Ministers, the adverse
event has been owing to no extraordinary chariness
in the employment of the Mafia in. their hands,
The efforts made to exclude the Messrc Grant
are already known, to the public, - Ere Lord
Jersey's. acc;ssion 'to office WOO announced, his
son had gone down to Rochester as the Government
Candidate, and ere Me. North had taken his seat on
the Irish Court of Admiralty, he .became Mr.
Maurice O'Connell's antegonist at Drogheda, That
Cambridge University was not contested; that Mr.
Hume was not opposed in Middlesex; that Mr.
,Briseee bus succeeded in Surrey ;. that 11fr. flu -
kiloton haat been returned for Liverpool;, that Sir
Thermo, Gooch has been ousted; that the Duke of
Itutiand's nominee is worsted in Cambridge County
that two Whigs_bavebeen: returned for Norfolk;
annul that, gently,- the MotrOpolitan Members, both
for London and Westminiter, are michanged, is no
fault, though it be the midortune of the Duke 'of
Wellington's Government.-o-kforning Chronicle.
Attention cannot be too much culled to the
triumph of the italependeet pity in every county
of England during the. Iste,Election, end the slay,/
fennel, indicative of a' caalallaieeilielir of a more
rlignifie'd way of thinking on the part of the people,
of returning Members free of expose. The dicta-
tion of the Aristocracy bas everywhere been re•
elated, and resisted successfully. They have grossly
abused their power, anti it is fast departing from
them. To es who remember the abject way of
*Woking of the English yeomanry fifteen or twenty
years ago; the lango:ogo of the present day through.
the-couritry appears quite miraculous, The
Sri/Ail/I; (Inroad() of Saturday lust, speaking of
this cleats=-,nfor that vat county, observes—
: 'NI* ceded 4 ernitilii, memorable, as a warp-
ong to MeTaiers of Perliament, how they vote
uwq the 1114011.0 f their coestituents for the extra-
tit! +omits of 13overnment, memorable, as a burst of in-
snaleolt roux-eat the viol I.*f I
07,166iiiive,
as 0, ion of orma -p
the realness a dictatorial
,Ariattiersey ; at,l
ifititt4inafilDrtittg:Totft tt•ii/I"o"4::::(ki:::::44!'enn(4lief')l.g4iinniPtitenekerie"7l
of the fiTeeholdttli. hey.nt""l °lt' test
cool safety ; if here theve ~roe bt"
"""eas
action- it-tit,til,ht, l'.,ll'ort4 force ia
, Apra, if these. be
metters of high exultetwe, to be dwot. not
heartfelt -delight by. ell those vrho in- arty
their aid, and to be spoken of hereafter witifo.7l7:
rations and respect when the heads of the setor4
resting in peace—then, all lr,cii to the corainueeea
for ever ©l profligate extravageoce and base eurrep„

Foreign Affairs—Count de Mole.
War—General Gerard.
Finance—Baron Louis,
Instruction Poldique, and President, of the Council of
Stmt.—Doke de Broglie.

leterior—M. de Guizot.
Marine—tioneral
Justioe—ME Dupont de l'Eure.

Most of these persons are well known tbronghout
Europe as men of talent and upright principles. To
their countrymen they arc still further acceptable as
liberal politicians and as practical functionaries.
There is one name in the list—that of Sebastiani—
which many well.disposed Frenchmen would, we
hare no doubt, rather not see there : and if he had

mo, appointed to tho bureau of Foreign Affairs, his
aorriluatiop would not have been very agreeable to
foreign Governments but as his duties do not in valve
lily communication with foreign Courts, we have not
more right to quarrel with the appointment than the
Vretich would have to remonstrate with our Cabinet
limuse Lard Ellenborough is at, the head of the
[loud of Control. The Foreign Minister, Gantt Mole,

has acquired the• respect of his countrymen, not
more by his talents and knowledge than by his pro-
bity and firmness in times of temptation and danger :
he is, however, not only an able and well-informed
man, remarkable for the soundness of his judg-
ment and the urbanity of his manners ; and as he,
from his position and character, will be at once the
most influential member of the French Cabinet, and
the great organ of communication with foreign
States, we may anticipate a continuance of the most

Convinced, as we are, that the people of this
country, and of every State, should regard the esta-
blishment of a truly constitutional monarchy in
France as an additional security to their own liber-
ties, we cannot but participate in the feelings of ad-
miration and sympathy which the heroic and tem-
perate patriotism of the inhabitants of Paris has so
generally inspired. At the same time we feel it
our duty to put the people of England upon their
guard against the machinations of dangerous and
designing men, who take advantage of the present.
crisis to give utterance, at public meetings, to sen-
timents of the most extravagant and violent descrip-
tion. Such men are not the friends of liberty, but
its worst enemies. They are the emissaries of evil
for purposes which those who recollect former times
of political excitement and trouble will easily ima-
gine. One of those persons said at u public meet-
ing, the other day, that " England wanted just such
a revolution as had taken place in France."
Whether this person had a licence in his pocket for
uttering such seditious language we neither know
nor care, but it is certainly the sort of language that
such persons as Castles and Oliver formerly indulged
in, and ought to cause the expulsion of the indivi-
dual using it from all decent society. The revolu-
tion in France has been produced by a 'tyrannical
subversion of the constitutional system, which the
dethroned King had sworn to uphold, and which he
dared most basely to destroy. Such a revolution
was but the reaction of the public will upon des-
potic violence. The ordinances of Charles X.
doomed the notional liberties to extinction ; they
were restored with a promptitude and energy be-
' coming a great and generous people, resolved on
possessing a constitutional monarchy, or perishing
with the inestimable rights which arbitrary power
had so daringly assailed. The people of England
enjoy those liberties which Prance has just rescued
from a tyrant's grasp at the price of so much blood.
They have not only a constitutional monarchy, but
have the satisfaction of seeing the throne filled
by a Sovereign whose disposition and manners
are eminently calculated to obtain him the affection
and respect of all classes of his subjects. It is
true, his continuance in office of the present incom-
petent and unsuccessful Ministry cheeks, in some
some measure, the full expression of that popularity
to which his conduct, since his accession, in all
other respects so justly entitles him. But that the
King should, for a time, place his confidence in a
Ministry in which the people has no confidence, is
a state of things, though much to be regretted, not
incompatible with the enjoyment of a large degree
of public freedom. The persecutions of the Press,
and the wretched mismanagement of our foreign
relations, under the present 'Government, not to
mention the falsifications of their pledges of re-
trenchment and economy, and the disappointment of
the public hope as to their promised reforms in the
administration of justice, justified the public dislike
which has been so strongly manifested towards
them at therecent elections; but, thank God, we
have still a Constitution which will outlive their
power. We despair not of the country; it has in-
herent energies which will yet restore it, without
any intemperate exertion, to its place among the
nations. There are, indeed, reforms wanted, both
in the administration of our laws, and in some of
the practice of our Constitution ; but these reforms
can and will be quietly'effected ; though the violent
language to which we have alluded seems, if not
spoken in utter foolishness, to be thrown, out with
the view of deterring persons of property and'rank
in this country from indulging in any sympathy with
the devoted and gallant rstier, that has just eManci-
pated itself from the chains which a dark and sullen
despotism had prepared, lest, by giving way to.gene-
rous impulse, they should encourage revolutionary
projects, which have for their object the destruction
of property, the subversion of order, and the levels
ling of all distinctions I The French themselves
in this, the eventful moment of their splendid
triumphs, know that the English are a free people,
and respect them as such. They know that what
they have obtained, by a revolution has long been
the birth-right arid inheritance of Englishmen--a
system of rational freedom, which, in spite of im-
perfections? diffuses many, blessings under a mo-
narchy bylaw, and a prerogative controuled
by the Constitution.--Morning Herald.
It would be a great improvement in the practice
of our Criminal Courts, both as regards the liberty
of the subject and the furtherance of public justice,
if the sittings of Grand Juries were to lust as long
as the Courts are assembled.. At present the prac-
tice is for the Grand Juries to get through the,
calendar as fast as they can, and then the . Judge
discharges them, regardless of new indictments
which may be required against persons already
arraigned on other charges. Of this a striking
instance occurred at the York Assizes last week,
where a man was indicted as a receiver of the
Ev9perty stolen at the well-known robbery of the
Doncaster Betting-rooms ; but the Jury, deeming
him a principal, and not an accessory, were cons-
pelted to acquit him as the latter, and he Is de-
tained to be indicted as a principel ut the next Assizes
in March. The judges (Chief Justice Tyridal and Mr.
Justice Bayley) had, it would seem, some doubt as to
their right to detain the prisoner, their Commission re-
quiring them to " deliver," that is, clear, the
gaol." Now this difficulty, with the
expenSe and
apparent injustice whiCh accompany it, would have
been all obviated had the Grand Jury not been dis-
charged. To detein a man nine mouths longer in
prison who may be eventually acquitted, and to en-
tail upon the county the enormous charge of bring-
ing up all the witnesses again, which might have
been prevented by three-and-twenty Yorkshire
so
no 01 la'
eg
tl4 alternativemreer 4111 remaining
ciadlyl Middlesex xittv. similarlonger si
inconvenience
dtohnetviher
is Oat AO much felt, owing to the frequency of the
Assizes---vis,, eight in each year; but in almost
every other county the evil is one which is con-
stantly known and felt, and which it only requires a
little firmness on the part of the Judges, and a little
more of patriotism on the part, of
Grand Jurors
(about which they ere generally so much compli-
merited), to put un end toes--. 4 Herald.
The elections are now nearly over and, as we in-
timated the other day, the result of them has been
any thing but favourable to the Government.' ,
most spirited opponents have every -where succeeded
against its avowed candidates; and even those who,
a month ago, boasted that it would gain a majority
of 03 by the election of a mew Parliament have re"
duced their calculation of advantage to . the' pitiful
gaits of from fifteen to twenty stray votes I—its other
words they confess that the Miolitry- has been

The complainant, Who ;is a good-looking girl of
18, stated, that in inquiring for a situation ne a ser-
vant to a family, she accidentally met with the pri-
soner, and he told her, if she would meet him in,
Hyde Park, on Thursday afternoon, at three o'clock,
ha would introduce her to the housekeeper of the
above school, and get her a place. The complainant
met hiM. according to his appointment, and after
prevailing upon her to accompany him, and drink
with him at several public-houses, he took her
home. He introduced her to no female; in fact,
site said, there did not appear to be any one but him
ht the place. He went out to fetch more drink, and
locked the door, and she . could not escape. At
about twelve o'clock he expressed astonishment be-
cause the housekeeper did not come home, and, after
a great deal of persuasion, insisted upon her going
out of the schoolroom into hie bed-room.

And did you go there? said Mr. RAWLIMION ?
Complainant—Not without being carried. He took
up the candle with one hand, and put me under Lie
other arm.

Mr. RAIVLINSON—If one of his hands was occu-
pied with the candle, surely you were not obliged
to go ? Complainunt—My strength was nothing
against a man's.
Mr. RAWLINSON.—Did you go to bed ? Com-
plainant—lie put me to bed; and said, as the house-
keeper did not come home, I should stay there till
the morning, and he would sit up in the next room,
Mr. RAWIANSON—Did he undress you ? Com-
plainant—He tried to do so, but I would net let him.
Mr. RAWLINSON—Was he a stranger to you ?
Complainant—l never saw him till the day before.

iriendly relations between France and other Powers.
The miserable attempt to excite n misunderstanding
between Prance and the Netherlands we alluded to on
Saturday with the contempt which it deserved the
known prudence of the Belgian King is a sufficient
guarantee Nainst any absurd or mischievous pol cy.
TIM King of P moms it will be seen, has decidedly
t:re-
disevowed any -hostile intentions; and hi
eielt Will hive enough to do to steer his own veasel•
t
of stake, without attempting to board any (Art%
The English Government, we need not add, will,
not only from the strongest motives of policy and
justice, but we verily believe from perfect incline.
don, be dispoSed not merely not_ to quarrel, but to
maintain the most cordial understanding with the
regenerated Government and enlightened Monarch
of Prance. The basest and most calumnious to.

Mr. IiLAWLINSON.....HB tried to undress you, you
say—what followed? Complainant—He took my
bonnet and cap off. The witness said, in answer to
other questions, that the 'defendant then got into
bed, and took liberties with her. He, however, did
not effect her ruin. After much struggling she got
the door open, at four o'clock in the morning, anti
went home to her mother.

The girl's mother said she told the same story as
soon as she got home, and the Magistrates called
upon Evans for his answer.---}jo endeavoured to
make It appear that the girl was a willing party in
the affair, but he failed, for he himself proved that
she broke a pair snuffers in trying to open the
leek of the door while he was gone to the public.
house.—}ie was required to give bail to answer for
the assault at the Ses,.ions, and in default was com-
mitted to the New Prison.--life is the father of four
children, and upwards of forty, and his wife stood
at his side- during the investigation, praying for
vengeance on hie head.

On Saturday afternoon an inquest was held before
Mr. STIRLING, coroner for Middlesex, at the sign of
the Cricketters, HOunslow, on the body of Edward
Luff, aged 76.
IVlr. R. A. Frogley, surgeon, of Hounslow, deposed
that he knew the deceased, whom he had attended
for a dropsy for some time past. About twelve
o'clock on Thursday he was sent for to go to, cot-
tage belonging to a Kr. Noys, on the Heath, ashort
distance from the Cricketters, and going there he
found the deceased at the back of the cottage sitting
against the wall of the house with his head literally
smashed—so much so, that scarcely a particle of it
remained. There was no portion of the jaws, skull,
or brain left whatever. The witness observed that
he never, in the whole of his experience, witnessed
a more complete decapitation. On looking about,
the witness found a large pistol, about four yards
from him, whither it had apparently recoiled from
the force of being heavily charged. The witness
believed he had been a RUM of dissipated habits.
He was a gardener by trade, and had latterly ap-
peared low and desponding; but the witness all
along attributed that circumstance to his dropsical
complaint. The witness had no doubt, from the
position ofthe deceased, and his right hand being much
injured by the explosion, that he had committed the
act himself.

tempts are made in various quarters to induce a
belief that the Duke of Wellington was privy to and
encouraged the traitorous attack of Polignac on the
constitutional liberties of his country. To any
reasonable man the very statement of the propo-
sition carries,,ite own refutation ; but even the
stupidest and most, malignant must surely see that
no identity of thinkieg., no sympathy of feeling, can
exist between the enlightened Minister who struck
otr, at one blow, the chuckles of 7,000,000 of his
fenow.subjeeta, and the infatuated fool who madly,
endeavoured to carry slavery or death into every
quarter of his native country.-411;11es.
A question of some commercial as wall us political
interest is likely to arise out of the late aggressions
on British shipping committed off Terceira by
Miguel's blockading squadron. It will not surprise
any one acquainted with the character of the present
GOvernment of Portugal to learn, that the legal
proceedings at Lisbon which have followed the
captures have been us irregular, and contrary to the
ordioary practice and constitution of the courts ap-
pointed to decide on such matters, as the original
outrage:has been at variance with and unauthorised
by tholaw of nations. The frigates which have
been despatehed to the Tagus may perhaps find
means to obtain redress in a national point of view
for tlie taut-namcd Wrong,
but the irregularities of

W A KEIT ELD ' CORN 14 ARICKF...-uti monied'
for stale descriptions ; good foreign Red in
There is a short arrival of Wheat here an° I 0 on',
good fresh samples which are scares $Fw taken ° 0 derno'
duction of 29. to Bd. re quarter, butlthere is n 060.
per 601 b. to be delivered here in a few 1137* d'tin , 114
the close of the market little business has been - tail'
millers generally only offering 66e. pee (InArleiriiisele'
are (lull and rather lower. Beans are in veil tr „Or
maw!, and 1
-16 yer quarter loiver. To.day die %tell
is i •with
warm showers, which 'his been the (Se
every day during the week. ,is 04*
When t. Red, Norfolk and Suliblk 541. 50s, to e•,„,„l* iiss ,';,*,
'''"—""---- Lin. and Cant ..555. gis. tong. 60,,,
",""'"""-. Yorkshire ....... ...674.1its tongs'
'line
-- White . ...**. sos, Ms. O :
----- Foreign, He'd .635. Kn. to one L.
White ral. 648. W.,21°"." Pi r,
Barley, Norfolk and S "..."" ..... 3us to - ' iss-9.
unlit ................
so,: togs,
iiii, 0.
•••••.-••••• Lincolnshire
s,
Yorkidnre Wok! 30s. to P. one
..........__ ".ardso .............. .•
...... to
opoot
Beans, Tick 3a toO,A; sive
------ New ..... „•aft tot-- rine'-'
oats, Potato ... ••••••• .... .......... ••••••••••00s. P
es,t, to opt ,
---- Poland s DU. to s°6' ono'
--- Friesland and Small .... .. - • "'I to ' bP'
.... ....-s. 4.- , s, 1
--...- bleating 14.1, to 164. I ~ v.,A
Shelling
Malting •• ..... 0••••••••••••• ...... 11.0. ..... ILAM. v....
....., petty
Vs, 455. gligls
HoPeseed %W. Os, 121. Os. 1
—...----------. Ct
woo& I
Arlo
op ti

One of the Jury remarked that he understood the
deceased was driven to this extremity from severe
distress, in being out of employ, and only having as.
a•weekfrom the parish of Feltliam.
The witness said he never knew what allowance
the deceased had, but he never complained to him
(witness) of wanting necessaries; if he had, his
allowance would have been increased.
William Strange, a labouring man,, deposed that
he occupied Mr. Noys's cottage. The deceased
had frequently complained to him that be was in a
state of starvation, and observed that he wished
some person would shoot him : on Thursday after-
noon he called on witness and made the same :corn.
plaint. • Witness offered him a half of a loaf, which
was his (witness's) usual food, and the deceased
rejected it, saying, that he had never been used to
eat dry bread, and that sooner than eat it he would
either shoot himself, or get some person to do it
for him. He shortly afterwards bade witness
" Good bye," and left the cottage, as Witness
imagined, to go home; but in a minute or two wit-
ness was alarmed at the report . of a pistol at the
back of hie house, and on going round he was
shocked at seeing the deceased sitting against the
back of the cottage with his head " blown .off."
Witness then sent for Mr. Frogley. On searching
the deceased, only a penny and three farthings were
found about him; witness had ascertained that the
deceased had borrowed• the pistol of a person, as
he said, for the purpose of shooting a dog.
The Jury returned a verdict, " That the deceased
shot himself while labouring under 'temporary men-
tal derangement."
It.was remarked that this was the third case of
persons shooting themselves at Hounslow within
the last fortnight, one of them being a soldier be-
longing to the Hounslow-barracks.

A grey-haired negro, wholes lately infested the
neighbourhood of Portland-place, was charged with
being idle and disorderly. This miscreant made it
bis object to ask charity of respectable females, when
they were at a distance from any other persons, and
his age and his complexion generally excited coo-
miseration; but, if he did not succeed, he insulted
them with language moat horridly obscene; and
delicacy on their part prevented his being brought
to answer for the crime. That morning he went
into the shop of a tradesman
in Charlotte-street,
and asked to light his pipe. The tradesman's wife
was alone behind the counter, she had no lire at
hand, and his request was not complied with. He
immediately commenced his usual abuse, and did it
in so loud a strain, that a gentleman who was pass.
ing heard it, aral lie instantly caused him to be up.
prehended, und,accompanied by the lady's husband,
came to the office as a witness against him.
Mr. RswuNsoN asked the prisoner how old he
was. The prisoner said he could not tell, but Lord
Rodney brought him front Jamaica after his victory
over Count de Grasse.
Mr• RawiuNatni said, "'You old villain, are not
you ashamed of yourself ?" Prisoner—lt WAS not

Oxivi.,,,,rntr,ty..o.l Co. pper ONreillsoGida7lftedlELruLtkillEttibC!l.4ls/1 4 5
Mt
Nor t mance.. . ..., ....... 1
Quantity °Cline C0;;;.........."........::::::"'" ''''''''
' 1(1j.
Amount of Sale, 18„UZ.Oatai.......Ayetailrg;n4Lf:i; '''''
........___....r..._,...-.....-----...."'"1"'" 'lce&
c ost I,
To w
TONGUE-TIE. ~ e sometimes are -I.,der 1,01
respectingii the children who are brought toweros °:t be
idea that they are tongue-red, The child tO.l foicf
to speak 5° loon as the palrents expected, AO I'Ll btiti,
siTloliretv
aest
that this arises from the movements of the toug-iisd
impeded by the small fold of membrane n'hicil igi °id'. ,
frcenum of the tongue not being of sufficient '6,7,,, it a
htOW Cia:ttearfmreere wleitrlYt sruarckeinign,
two. I will not, venture to say there are 0° !si:j bil/ ,
which the /rennin m . b illY"' tj of'
ay not require to e tied e
would observe they are extremely rare. If Y°,11,,, toPP;
opening the mouth of the child that it 0100,",,fil ft%
which the/Tog:00r,
deglutition, ?'lt'sof 1
that it turns it round from side to side, and ?r°lssfectlio.,,
the mouth, you may be satisfied that any noP,,s,rhi, Oro
its motion must arise front some other cantle. , fri?it'
, ness, however, of the mucous membrane foriniug tl thrft ~
of the tongue is quite innocent and simple, Ist to do
no danger in making a division. All you lr's„vejoarl,ij; r,
to fix the tongue,
_ and with a small pair 0, ".,i ....tr
to snip through the fricnoni.—.. The idsc".
Law umecx's Lecture.) ..-7
____---
Merriman, Esq. of 13'
MARRIED. , sir, If,
ter On the 12tb inst. at Illarlborough, -1' '
Esq. of St. Alban's, to Elizabeth, second lave
Itir'
pat.) 0,
On the 14th inst.: at Christchurch, rlortf3te4'. fi sr'
Marlborough.
r Alf,
Joseph
Carman, to Ann, eldest 'daughter e; . of
of ISewgate-street. de, fatfot
On the 12th inst. at Amershim, W. I,°°ll -yotio.
thedvva :
Wright,.
gihliuitter:r ,Esof:tb.het:eirantle,
icituncluer,
ititoas!lna:EigY Harriet/,
I:oit' t gide& ha ':
Ainersharn, Burks. ~,,,byillic't,,,,,t,
On the 12th that. at Tissington, 4"-" tof ' .'r
° ~O 1
4 son of J. Wright, El., v ~liefA -
tinghatushire, to Selina Fitzherbvt, ride's
H. Fitsberbert, Bart.- of Tissing ton /fall,
$Ol
DIED. la.itul°
On the 14th in't. Dr. liall, of C01)°- g A
Kent-road, and late of Dulwich. I. tbilatel' -1
On the 12th inst. Elizabeth, widoW ° . e
' oil ti°
Esq. of Walthamstow, In her 85th year' . Welto A.-
et it 1.•
At his house, (the Bull), Chapel-mt, , iiii, lige,
Mr. Wrn. Schofield, in the SOth year 0' ~.. 401,
respe,ted and sincerely regretted by his frie..Z
.1. skate.
IM the Iltit inst. at Cheltenham, Al"; 'civil '101( ti'
relict of the late G. P. Ricketts, Deng .., pito*,
and youngest daughter of the late CaPtat'- ---
itaktvell East ludironan. kg _,3401
--- jollity° Aurni
PalNnD ADID Pultl,.lSSiafl AV V..-- 1,00-- '
Ins box Orrlcs, lIRs Silutlivs

A melancholy scene pre‘ented itself in this
town on Sunday evening, Three children of 4 person
named Klatt., a turner, in the Brackland, about, four,
six, and eight years old, were conveyed for interment in
one hearse, all of whom had been attacked sad carried off
by the croup within a week. The poor man had before
lost two children, and these were all that remained of his
fainily.--Bury Poo.
SINGULAR SUIGIDE.—..MI. JULIUS GRlS-
wor,n was recently killed in the town of Le Hoy, by the
fall of a. tree. Ile was deranged, went into the wood with
an axe, and cut a large tree until it was cm the point o(
falling. and it is then supposed be laid himself prostrate on
the ground, in the direction the tree would take. It fell
directly WM bit _hod.....,Arinv rink Vapor.
