SMUT U e_'''' THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. ever llappli in a quarrel, -where a multitude happen.
' ing 'n, nonsist of Papists are the aggressors., yne,u- mi
A paragraph appeared some time since in the jour- adverse party composed in chief 9f
nal . et.stelnii.tt, vflicr.
ai, and went the rounds after the usual ntro nner,
ever may at first have CleoAk 0? A:Aka oil. ibdeea
scatiw.g forth that the Secretary at Was 7sas making the real m.,:.;:rt,,,,--of tio 4-RIA, it ring :fiei,.o..f•Leiii ,f 6. be
-preparations for the total extinction and disarmament generate inn) A tellgionS war, 'eS;peseihlly'S'i..he'e priests
of the yeomanry troops in P.:eland. - It would be very are its teendoctoese Triee enei.‘.gh, therefore, that the
gratifying to us to he 'enabled to confirm such a state- Irish Rebellion of 1118 was at its outset a. iSOfitlieMs
enent ; for surely the Secretary at War could not oc- that is A Jacobin rebellion bot it'S ieg,'ee',l Were su-
copy himself 'snore like a minister of peace than in ; perstitious, priest-ridderr, Papish savages ; and the
turning the arms of that service into the sickle and the sole passion whielk Appeared to actuate them in 'tlei
plotig2ns'eare. In the present frame. and temper of prosecutine of it, was that for sheddine r.'::Zlestant
Irislt society, such independent bands, composed ex- blood, Set Popery in physieti. rS6elbent, and it will
el esively of the members of one religious sect, are fat
be so ever. Not movie, t\AS the Spiritual Church as-
-3
mare dangerous to the community than the tould be sinned at ell t'illStS to he infallible in dern,ihn, and
to its worst enemies, in any conceivable emergency. therenete Slnchaneeable—which we have nothing to
Theirs is the magazine whence the Orangemen draw a do with, so long as she lanes the non-Romish woild
prompt supply of . musketry for their encounters undisturbed—hut the genius and character of her
with the populace. The yeomanry bayonet is operation upon human society i's alike unchange-
ready to fly ?tom the scabbard at any hour, to able. Upon Papists it is perpetual intertnedallillg
meet the requisition of an Orange Lodge. In- and intrusion s towards heretics it It haver-teas
deed both. officers and men are almost universally in,z, entereAclunent and hoetility ; as against every
affiliated to that pernicious society, and as firmly
politital power and irestltution not derived from,
bouini by its initiative mysteries to the Duke of
'Slid confederated with her, it is by force or fraud
Camberland as . ever soldiers were by the oath ot
subversion ; over all it is inexorable tyranny.
ntlegiance to their King. They make a great, parade Neither in 1641 nor in 1798 was the living and in-
of loyalty ; and it is the boast of their fr'nitis in Par-
spiring principle of Popery more manifest than it is
liament that they constitute " the defence of the coun- throughout Ireland at the moment in which we write ;
try ;" while, in truth, and by the clearest evidence of never was hierocracy more rampant, never was the
to
many a fatal and deplorable event, they are an offence mass of superstition and barbarism in which priest-
its peace and a nuisance to its quiet inhabitants. If craft revels, and
th War throug which it thrives, more ser-
e Secretary at
is not yet armed with authority vile to the mandate of h
the " reverend and benevolent "
to deliver Ireland from so pestilent a scourge, we hope pastor; never were malignant persecution and desperate
et least that we shall not witness the close of another outrage, and frantic hatred of the Protestant church
Session without seeing him fully commissioned and and state
pore prevalent, or more dreadful, than under
required. to do so. Not long ago the Lord Lieutenant the e'llreetion of the Romish priesthood throughout the
found himself under the necessity of making a prece- centre and the south of Ireland, and during the three
dent for such a general clearance of this Orange Gite- or four years of Whig administration--since commuta-
ril.itt, as we now desiderate, by extinguishing a corps tion of tithe, and a thorough reform in the discipline
of Yeomanry in the northwest of Ireland. The of the established church, were recognized as expe-
offence which provoked him to use his authority in so dient by all parties in the Imperial Legislature. If we
decided a manner was a riot, begun by several mem-
berswho ask therefore, what it is that these priests with their
issued at night,
of the corps,
armed , led on by two of their officers, demagogue agitators would demand from us, they have
and inflamed, from a political already answered—First, that no Protestant clergy-
revel, to insult their opponents. The outrage oc-
curred man shall hereafter receive tithe or an equivalent
at . Drumshambo, a town at the head of
Lough Allen, in the count for r tithe—that is, that even if tithe be commuted for
y of Leitrim, not land tax, the Protestant Church shall be excluded from
far from the borders of Cavan and Fermanagh. its benefits. Secondly, that the whole l'.l2;wer now
On the 13th of July (the 12th having fallen on exercised la ►s , Protestant corporation's shall- be taken
Sunday) the Drumshambo Lodge, with courage
fortified by strong drink and "constitutional toasts," from them by Act of Parlianaent, and transferred to the
ea pauper slaves of the Romish priesthood. Thirdly,
Y sallied forth in arms to insult and def all who would that the house of Lords shall be demolished. Fourthly,
not join in commemoration of that day. They mus- that the Union-shall be repealed I These, we repeat,
tered in great force, and moved forward in disciplined are the purposes avowed by O'Connell. in his later
array, amid a continued discharge of small arms, and speeches every where, as they all, with the exception
vehement cries of " Croppies lie down." The
per- of ruin to the House of Lords that instead of it a con-
son who marshalled them was Mr. Slacke, the lieute-
nant of the fiscation of all Protestant property), have beets openly
yeomanry corps. His father, the captain, anticipated by the " pious priests" from- their altars.
accompanied him ; and there were among the rioters We ask, therefore, our English tountrymen, will they
more than twenty of the privates, bearing the muskets
succumb, or will_ they not, to the schemes niia Inachi-
and bayonets which had been placed in their hands to nations of such an inveterate enemy 1' We ask then
will taey then,
be used in the public service. In this country it would e support or telerato a Minister whose exist-
not be easy to imagine a more daring or dangerous eace as such hangs Upon the nod of this disaffected
ouSrage. Had the actors been merely private in,cli- and rancorous power ? The wretched engines which
-viduals, an inquiry, with a view to bring the offereners are daily put in motion to vomit forth impudence and
to justice, would have been necessary, . But the mi- falsehood for the service of this same Ministry, asse-
litary nature of the transaction gi7ees st a peculiarly verate loudly that " O'Connell wants nothing but
audacious character. The Ca'etain, his Lieutenant, impartial government ! and just laws I" " 'm-
end their 20 or 30 men, in carder of battle, making an partial government ":--the supremacy of the Ro-
.
irruption during the quiet, hours of the night, upon a mash priesthood. "Just laws "—laws
_made to
peaceful village, call ' n i :
oace tee imagination to that facilitate repeal and confiscation, and the eon-
year of fearful mrsmory, The Ninety-eight, when version of, Protestants into helots. Such is the
such scenes wasre enacted with distinguished ap- " holiest, just, and impartial legislation," which we
probation. But. scenes like this cannot now be repeated are assuredl on competent authority, O'Connell de-
with imponity. The representations of the towns-
mantle Ins Ireland, and the Whigs are prepared to
people were immediately attended to. A strict inquiry
grant him. Why, let us ask, was the Viceroyalty of
was instituted into the truth of their complaint ; ever Y ford Wellesley wanting in the spirit of impartiality, or
facility was afforded to the accused of explaining or in the neutral spirit ? Did the Administration of Lord
refuting the charges alleged against them ; and the
r Anglesey fall short of the spirit of impartiality ? Did
emit of the investigation is such as we have desersoed it not err on the side of partiality towards Papists ?
it. The heroes of Drumshambo, disarmed and dis.
Was the error of the first Melbourne Administration
banded, are "left alone with their glory." This act an error of hostility against Papists, priests, and dema-
of just and wholesome rigour, displays in its proper g% aues . 2 We apprehend not. The people of England
and becoming light, a quality which Lord Mulgrave thought not. But what thought the Agitator ? Why,
possesses in a higher degree perhaps than
many of his he abused Lord Duncannon be-ond the limits of even
colleagues, much higher certainly than most of his
predecessors in the difficult post which he now occu- his average scurrility, because all his, O'Connell's, de-
pies. We mean that calm, uncon pendants were not forced into office to the exclusion of
querable, uncom-
loyal gentlemen, and because enough was not effected
promising firmness, most essential where a bold oppo- by the Government towards accelerating the advent of
sition is to be confronted, and which gives a striking repeal—so " just," so " moderate," so " impartial,"
effect to the wets of his Government. There is an
so " honest," is the policy which alone would satisfy
end to the balancing system, by which party spirit was O'Connell. Yet, has h.e not been satisfied since the
kept in evilibrium, trembling in the scales, to which second coining qf ti the addita le Whig rump to dice? And if
on of one poor scruple at either side was de-
satisfied, says- he is, for he lauds the Whig rump,
voutly deprecated, lest there should be even the- as he
why is
_he 's° ? What price has he received ? What
shadow of a triumph. In those 'halcyon days, it impro-dement has taken place in the Duncannon policy
seemed the very perfection of Government to stand since this time twelvemonth ? by, like a schoolboy of a larger growth, and see Even the adoption by
th Whigs of those measures which they before re-
the belligerents appeared well-matched, they might
play between two wrangling urchins. So long as je
ected—the appointment to office of O'Connell's no-
ght minces, whom the Whigs had before disdained—the
pommel away, and the harder the exchange of hits be- acceptance of councils and of projects which tend to
tween them, the greater was the enjoyment of the um- the Repeal of the Union and to the overthrow of the
um-
pire. It was all high fun to him. But the moment
Reformed Church—in short, they have bribed O'Con-
he
the victory seemed to incline to one or the other, then nell by making over to him the property of the Church
"threw his 'warder down," and patched up a surly and the unity of the empire. He has bribed them by
peace, without conditions either of reconciliation or the temporary occupancy of Downing-street and a few
-atonement, leaving the parties in possession of the thousands a-year. The question arises—and it is a
same means and faculties to resume the combat when- question of tremendous interest---if nothing will conci-
ever opportunity or .provocation should invite them. liate O'Connell and the Priesthood but a system of po-
That system is exploded, and the disturbers of public licy which leads at once to the extinction of Church and
tranquillity are no longer pampered on the one hand, State,.ooghs Ireland to be governed at all on the princi-
nor irritated and depressed on the other. But the ple sai yielding satisfaction to the priests and demagogues?
• government which is held for the good of all the 'rhe solution of this question is, as we have said, of
people is administered for. the protection of all, whia'n vital importance. We believe the answer must be in
can only be permanently and effectually promn..4.-ed by the negative. If one party in Ireland can be attached
compelling them to concede to each other's Tights and to the State no otherwise but the alienation of the
respect each other's feelings. This is a anflicult task ; other,
but Lord Mulgrave appears quite. equal to• it. He what is the wisest choice to make ? If one
party or the other must be ascendant, and the Papists
has gone about it in the right spirel—that is, an honest declare in substance that they will be satisfied with
one—and the progress he has grade towards its accom-
nothing less, to whom ought the ascendancy to be
plishment justifies the raoSt favourable opinion both of
the wisdom of his plea' and of the success which seems given nothing
the Protestant Monarchy of England—to
the Protestant brother, or the Papist foe ? Show us,
ready to attend it: Chronicle.
if you can, a third or neutral party in Ireland, for none
It has not keels in our power until this day to insert can we, with our unassisted sight, discover. Mean-
a letter signed "les' on the tender mercies of the mai. time, let our readers take the following specimen of the
content 1.)-apists of Ireland towards Englishmen and Government thick-and-thin adhesion to O'Connell :
Protentants, unfortunately placed within their power. One of the Ministerial prints, in pure honest dullness,
The horrors of the year 1641 are treated with becoming but with strong party feeling, compares, and evidently
levity by some of our Whig contemporaries, and the sees no difference between these two great heroes of
guilt
of the Papists in the rebellion of 1798 is bravely religious and political liberty—Luther and Milton,
--
denieddenied ! by others. We have studied the re- and O'Connell, the mercenary champion of Popish
cords of both the above disastrous periods, and know slavery, and the foul-mouthed calumniator of all ho-
the facts which we have affirmed tona true. The mas- nourable men. Such a writer would see no difference
sacre of 1641 was an unadulterateu Popish conspiracy, between Christ and Belial.—Times.
having the stupid and inhuman O'Neal for its most The great object which WC have long advocated, of
conspicuous leader, and. for its main purposes, as esta- a real and searching Parliamentary inquiry into the
blished by unquestiemable evidence, " the utter sub- causes of " agricultural distress," with a view to a
version of all tlie existing rights of property—the remedy, now seems as if it could be no longer baffled
restoring to the native Irish all that they had at any or evaded. Heretofore the agriculturists were deficient
time lost by the rebellions of their ancestors or the de- in that union and combination of effort which was [e-
cisions of law—ands the procuring an establishment solutely necessary to overcome the obstacles' that an
for the Romish religion, with all the affluence and adverse Government threw in their way, and to defeat
splendour of its hierarchy." Such were the hid. the machinations of the Whig political economists,
fensive objects of that which is called, by a mild who, with the most heartless inhumanity, haVe ridi-
abuse of terms, the Popish ' 4 rebellion" of 1641, but culed the sufferings and mocked the distresses of that
which was in its execution neither more nor less than a most industrious, ordeely, loyal, and meritorious por-
sudden, perfidious, bloody, and . remorseless butchery, tion of his Majestys subjects, the farmers and yeomen
desierned for the extermination of all the Protestants of of England. But union and a common spirit and
Ireland, and defeated with one of those interventions of principle of action are no longer wanting to the agri-
. Providence to which, by the heedless or heartless ig- cultural body. The report of a great meeting held yes-
-norance of men, the name of accident has too often terday at the Freemasons' Tavern,' which appears to-
been awarded. Of 1798 the history amounts to personal day in another part of our Paper, will show that the
knowledge on the part of many people now alive. The pivot of combined operations is at last established in the
rebellion of that year was planned and framed by a metropolis, by the creation of a "Central Agricultural
party of conspirators misnamed Protestant, because they Association for England and Ireland." Let this Asso-
were not Papist—philosophers, because they • were ciation be conducted with prudence, intelligence, and un-
scanty of all religious faith—and Reformers, because compromising firmness, anda.very different reception will
they were Republicans. Their scheme was to wrench be given to the petitions and demands of the agricultu-
aw ay Ireland from Great Britain (for which the mole rists in the next Session of Parliament from that which
modern and tender phrase is repealing the Union), de- they experienced in the last. There was a time when
stroying every vestige of monarchy in the island, and the Ministerial Journals never adverted to the claims
affiliating her as a sucking democracy to the parent of the agriculturists without making them the subject
stock of France. But the instruments at the disposal of stupid ribaldry and unfeeling sneers. It was a
of the rebel junta were ill qualified to work out the end common practice with them to call the farmers
required. The project was Republican, but the ma- " clods," and other contemptuous names, and to re.
ehinery was Popish. The priesthood and the barbarous present them as an exceedingly ignorant and benighted
peasantry of the south forgot the business to which they class, who were " unphilosophical" enough to com.
bad pledged themselves. Soon tired of playing jackalls plain of their /distresses, instead of patiently sitting
to the northern lions, they began to hunt indefatigably down under them, and deriving consolation from the
on their own account. The lore of democracy merged lessons of political economy. We suspect that the
ill the detestation of heretics. While the Protestant :Ministerial Journals will learn to treat the agriculturists
iebel of the north fought for Republican institutions, with more respect, and to pay somewhat more of
the Southern rebel murdered Protestants for Popish serious attention to their claims, upon finding that the
aggrandizement and revenge. The original object of "cause of the British plough" has become the rally-
the insurrection was wholly lost sight of ; and, as will . ing cry of a great 4ssocia4on in the metropolis, who
