DEM ERA It A.

Besides the intelligence we have given. an.
other column, the JamaiCa Papers of December 20, also Con-
tain the proceedings of a General Court-Martial at Demerara?
for the trial of a-slave named Jack, belonging to SucceSs Plan-
tation, for being concerned in the late insurrection in 'that
lony.' The prisoner was the second leader of the insurrection,
his father Quamina, of Success, being the Chief. Twenty-one
witnesses were called fcr the prosecution. After they had
given their testimony, the prisoner read the following as part
of his defence. The prisoner seems to have been aware of the
feeling which had been excited against the Missionary timith,
and to have founded his hope of pardon on the success of his
endeavours to implicate that preacher in his guilt :
" About seven or eight weeks before this rebellion, Cato, a
free man, mentioned to my father, Quamina, something about
our freedom having come out. On further inquiry, we heard.
from Joe Simpson that it was true Mr Wilberforce was doing
his best for us, and that if we would wait patiently, a new Go-
vernor was coming out, and if he did not give us our right, we
must apply to him, and he would inform us of the regular
way to get it. I went soon afterwards to my friend Daniel,
the Governor's servant, to learn what he knew about the mat-
ter. Ye said he had heard a little of it, and if it was thing
God had ordained for us, it would be ; but we ought to have a
• little patience. York, a negro of our estate, told me that he
had heard an overseer of plantation New Orange, Nassau,
say, that all the great men at borne wanted us to be free, but
our masters would not agree to it. About a week before
I spoke to Daniel, a coloured woman named Susannah, Mr.
Hamilton's housekeeper, said to the at chapel, that Mr.
Hamilton told her we were all to have our freedom-, but
he did not think it would be given to us unless some sensible
people went by force about it, and exacted a positive promise
from the Governor. I asked what she meant by force; she said
we should take all the estate's arms, and, as soon as we.had
possession of them, then turn all the whites off the tpwn; said,
Mr. Hamilton cannot, and does not deny this; he don't care
about himself; as he was going away%from the colony, but only
wished a little time to get away his stock and all his things.
From that period. until Sunday, the 17th of August, no regular
plan was laid. My father, Quamini, went that day to Parson
Smith, whO told him we must try to stop a little until he should
get a paper that was to be read to us. It was agreed at our
meeting that Billy and Jack Reed were to command at Ma-
haica, and Telemachus and Sandy at plantation Bachelars' Ad-
venture. Paris and Goodluck were to get the business com-
menced at the Thomas estate.

" These two -.ten said they knew how to get into the fort,
and told Paris if that was attempted we should all be murder-
ed ; and he replied, that is tile only place where we ought to
go and die. We then settled to begin on Monday evening,
the 18th of August, and take all the arms by force, and put
all the white people into stocks, to prevent their going to town
and sending up the troops before day-light ; but they were all
to be permitted to go down the following day, after which we
were to remain on the " coast till the Governor should come or
send to know .why we acted so. We did not expect it would
have been known in town till Tuesday morning ; but we de-
termined that no injury should be done to the white people, to
prevent complaints against us.
" Joseph and Bristol proposed to break up the brid7e.s to
prevent the troops coming. Richard had been run away for
several months before this revolt, and is extremely violent ; he
will do harm yet, if not taken, so I recommend his being se-
cured at any expence or trouble, for he will be a rallying point
for all the disaffected Negroes ; he is not to be trusted. I have
now declared every thing I know that caused this business. On
the Wednesday evening, 20th of August, my father, Quamina, I
came to us at the Success back dam, with a basket containing
some bread and two bottles ; he told me he he d just come from
Parson Smith, who told him, 4 that now we had begun we must
go with it.'
" 1 have lived all my life upon Success, my master's estate,
where I was born 30 years ago, and where I have been always
well treated, and done my duty content and happy. I cannot,
and do not deny that I have been concerned in this-rebellion ;
but I delare solemnly that I would not have acted thus had I
not 'ieen tohl ihateve were entitled to our freedom, and that it

►
was witlield frOna us by our masters. Not only was every dea-
con and member of the Church acquainted with it before it
broke out, but even Parson Smith knew the whole plan. It
was told him by my father and Bristol, on Sunday the 17th of
, lutru-t. Bristol can tell you the parson wanted us to wait.
If he did not know what we were going to do, would he
have told us to wait ? I appeal to the Court whether I have
not prevented every mischief I could, and whether I have
not even saved lives; for if blood had been Once shed, no effort
could have stopped it afterwards. Richard was the head man
at Success, and I never headed any of the gang ; I never car-
ried a gun, but I will say fairly that I had a cutlass, which I
earried the whole time. lam satisfied that I have had a fair
trial, and therefore throw myself on the mercy of the Court.._
I hare seen the anxiety with which every gentleman has
attended to the evidence, and the patience with which the
members have listened to the cross-examination of toy wit-
nesses. From the hour 1 was made prisoner by Captain
M"Turk up to this time, I have received the most humane
treatment from all the whites, nor have I had a single insulting
expression front any white man, either in prison or any where
else. Before this Court I solemnly avow that many of the 'les-
sons and other parts of the Scriptures, selected for us in Bethel
Chapel, tended to make us dissatisfied witlpitar situation as
slaves; and had there been no Methodists oft the cast coast,
there would have been no revolt. Those deepest in the rebel-
lion were people in Parson Smith's confidence. The half sort
of instruction we received, I now see, was highly- improper; it
put those who could read a little on examining the Bible, and
selecting passages applicable to our own situation as slaves,and
served to make us dissatisfied with our owners, as we were not
always able to make out the real meaning of such passages.
I would not have avowed this to you now, was I not sensible
that I ought to make every atonement for my past conduct, eind
yat you on your guard in future. Gentlemen, whatever may I
be my fate, I shall submit to it with resignation."

By letters and papers which arrived on Saturday from De-
merara to the 13th ult. we learn that the Colony continued in a
state of great agitation, on account of the secrecy respecting the
verdict upon Smith the Missionary, and the delay necessarily
occasioned by the whole proceedings being referred, by the Go-
vernor, to his Majesty's Ministers. It is now reported that he
has been found guilty, but recommended to mercy, and that
the Governor refers the whole proceedings to his Majesty, as
the source of mercy. The Governor-General, Murray, it was
expected, would leave the Colony in a short time, having been
superseded in his command.
WEST INDIES.—We learn, from Kingston, that Vice-Ad-
miral Sir Lawrence Halsted,
in the Isis, 74, arrived at Port
Royal on Tuesday last, and that five more sail of the line, with
the 7th and 42d regiments, were daily expected.
A Special Slave Court was held at Sayanna-la.Mer on the
15th instant, when George and Pompey, slaves to James
Graham, a free man of colour, were tried for being present
at a meeting for the purpose of administering unlawful oaths,
by drinking human blood mixed with runs, &c. It being
proved that they did actually' drink human blood mixed with
rum, and had taken a general oath of fidelity and secrecy to
each other, they were sentenced to be transported off the island'
fur life.

Extract of a letter from Nassau, New Providence, dated the
20th ult. :—" Our House of Assembly is now in session, but
whist steps may be taken remains yet in doubt. Some of the
members are for resisting every measure pointed out in Lord
Bathurst's circular, which has been printed for due considera-
tion. „Most of them would,- I think, be disposed to follow your
House, and are therefore anxious to know what Jamaica is
doing."—(Royal Gazette.) _ _ _

MONTEGO BAT, DEL 12.—Mrs. Powers, arrived here
from Demerara, gives a most melancholy account of the situa-
tion of the country. Upwards of 1,000 Negroes had staered,
and a great many were still missing from several plantations.
Many slaves, as well as free negroes, had been executed, and
their heads fixed on poles in various parts of the country.
Martial law still continued, and would remain in force until
after Christmas. A reinforcement of troops had been sent
from Barbadoes, and-they were in daily expectation of others
from Ejigland. It was understood that the whole of the trans-
ports would first call at Demerara, and such troops as were not
required there would be dispatched to the other islands. The
papers are silent on the subject.

SUICIDE.-Thursday morning an Inquest was
held by Prr ER LAYNG, Esq. Coroner, on the body of John
Brown, aged 19, found dead on the preceeding morning, in a field
called Raylands, under Beacon-hill. A pistol was found by
his side with which it was supposed that he had shot himself.
—From the evidence of John Osmond, a compositor em.
ployed in the Bath Journal office, it appeared that deceased
worked in the same officio. On Tuesday morning witness ob-
served that deceased was very lively, contrary to his usual
manner, and that he made many errors in distributing. Ile
produced o pistol which he said he purchased' for Bs., and that
it was only for amusement.—loaded it with powder save.
Tal tunes; towards evening deceased seemed dull and con.
fused. It also appeared in evidence that deceased had been
much depressed in spirits for a week past; that on the morning
in question he retired to his room, and remained for nearly an
hour. He then went out at the front door, wishing his land."
lady good morning. At that thw he bad a lead bullet in his
hand, which* appeared to baiiitting smaller, Nothing fur.
thee was seffibt-livii till hi Biio found as above described_
Srordict—" filitit himself 44010 a state of 'unsay."

JAMAICA NEWS.

KINGSTON' •DEC. 13.-01) Thursday the As-
sembly agreed to the following report :
Mr. SPE...KEEL:a-Your Committee appointed to inquire into,
and report to the House, . what steps are necessary to he taken,
in consequence of information received from the agent of this
island, of proceedings adopted by the House of Commons and
his Majesty's Ministers in respect to slavery in the British
Colonies in the-West Indies, report_
" That on the 15th of May last, Mr. Canning. one of his
Majesty's Secretaries of State, proposed the following resolu-
tions, which were agreed to by the flouse, rem con., viz.
"rhat it is expedient to adopt effectual and decisive mea-
sures for meliorating the condition of the slave population in
his Majesty's colonies.
" "rhat through a determined and persevering, but at the
same time judicious and temperate enforcement of such mea-
sures, this House looks forward to progressive improvements
in the character of the slave population, such as may prepare
them for a participation in those civil rights and privileges
which are enjoyed by other classes of his Majesty's subjects.
" `'That this House is anxious for the accomplishment of
this purpose, at the earliest period that shall be compatible
with the well being of the slaves themselves, with the safety of
the colonies, and with a fair and equitable consideration of the
interests of private property.'
" That your Committee observe, with surprise and regret,
that his Majesty's Ministers have, by the above resolutions,
sanctioned the principles laid down by our enemies in the mo-
ther country, and pledged themselves to enforce such measures
as shall tend ultimately to the final extinction of slavery in the
British colonies ; and your Committee have also learnt from
the agent, that in his conferences with Ministers it has been
refused to acknowledge our claim to compensation for the in-
juries the colonies must sustain in the mere endeavour to carry
mscheme- of emancipation into effect; by which refusal the
-asters have shown an inclination, not only to dispose of
our property without our consent, but even to violate those
common rules of honesty which ought to govern nations as well
as private persons.
" The Comtnittee• cahnot forbear to express their decided
opinion, that the proceedings of the House of Commons, and
the conduct of his Majesty's Ministers, are a direct attempt to
violate the constitution of this colony ; and they recommend to
the House to adopt the most firm, strong, and constitutional
measures to resist such attempt, and to preserve to the inhabi-
tants of this colony those rights which have been transmitted to
them from their ancestors."
The following Resolutions, proposed by Mr. Mais, were
agreedito on Thursday, nets:. con.:—
" Resolved, That the patient endurance with which the
people of this island have, for years past, struggled against
pecuniary difficulties, proVes how much they are disposed to
submit to, where the evil arises from inevitable causes, or from
circumstances affecting the general interests of the empire.
But this House would be unmindful of their duty were they
not to protest most solemnly against the continuance of heavy
and ruinous taxation on the produce of their soil, at a tune
when the demands of a state of warfare can no longer be urged
in its defence, and the blessings of restored tranquillity hare
been extended to their fellow-subjects in the mother country.
" That this House cannot contemplate without sensations of
astonishment, and the most serious apprehension, the measures
which have been adopted by the Commons House of Parlia-
ment in their unanimous vote of the 15th of May last: as if
the machinations of a powerful and interested party were not
sufficiently active for the work of destruction, the sanction of
ministerial authority has been made subservient to their views, •
and a decree has gone forth, whereby the inhabitants of this
once valuable colony (hitherto esteemed the brightest jewel in
the British Crown) are destined to be offered a propitiatory
sacrifice at the altar of fanaticism.
" That this House, composed of the representatives of the
people, are bound to guard the rights of their constituents
against every endeavour that may be made to infringe upon
them : they pause, in awful expectation of the consequences
which must result from the threatened innovation, and whilst
they wait the event, theVare.prepared to meet it; the blood
which flows in their veins is British blood, and their
hearts are animated with the same fearless determination which
enabled their ancestors to resist, with success, every encroach-
ment of desnotic power.'
" That the enactment of laws for the internal regulations of
the island is exclusively the province of the Local Legislature,
subject to the sanction and approval of his Majesty. This
House, howevei, will at all times receive, with attention and
respect, any suggestion of his Majesty's Ministers relating to
legislation, when offered in a consistent and becoming manner,
and will he ready to adopt such regulations as can be introduced
without hazard, and may appear likely to promote the welfare
of the island ; but this House cannot yield to any measure pro-
posed for their t Onsideration, when the unqualified right of re-
jection is denied, however specious the object may he, or how-
ever high the authority from which it emanates.
" That this Ilouse, impressed with a due sense of their own
dignity, and the integrity of the colonial character, set at
nought the malicious and unfounded aspersions which have
been cast upon the inhabitants of Jamaica : proud of their at-
tachment to his Majesty, his family, and Government--devoted
to the. interests of those they represent,. and alive to the im-
puls,:s of humanity—the House need no pharisaical dictation to
of their duty, but if left to their
powronmgouteiatahneenee,tsotetla:de -ildharge
steadily
pursue that line of conduct which com-
ports with the loyalty of their feelings, their regard to the safety,
and the peace and happi-
honour, and welfare of the island,
ness of their fellow-subjects an dependents. .
The following Message to his Grace the Governor was after-
wards agreed to :_
,--M re are ordered by the House
a may it please your Grace
to wait upon your Grace to acquaint you, that in compliance
of the present Session, they have proceeded to a
with their answer to the speech Your Grace was pleased to make
at the opening
deliberate
of the consolidated slave-law,
a d
all its enactments. as the nature of
filld
it andas
s carefulcoinple
tree revision i
circumstances will admit, to render the slave population as
happy and comfortable in every respect as the labouring class
of any part of the world. This House most solemnly
assures
your Grace, that they will at all times be ready (if left to them-
selves) to watch and take advantage of every opportunity of
promoting the religious and moral improvement of the slaves, ,
and to make such ameliorating enactments as may be consist-
ent with their haopinese and the general safety of the colony
but under the critical circumstances in which tbe colony is now
placed, by reason of the late proceedings in the British
NPar-
liament, the House think the present moment peculiarly un-
favourable for discussion, which may have a tendency to un-
settle the minds of the egro population, which the House
have the greatest reason to believe is at present perfectly quiet
and contented."
The following is the speech delivered by the Duke of Maar-
CIIESTEn. Governor of Jamaica, to the Council and Assembly
on rejecting the Custom-house fee-bill :

Gentlemen of the Council, Mr. Speaker, and Gentlemen
of the Assembly,
I have given my consent to all the Bills which have been
presented to me, with the exception of one which, if passed into
a Law would have so much reduced the incomes of the prin-
cipal Officers of the Customs at the outports, as to have ren-
dered it impossible to find proper persons to fill situations of
so much responsibility, for such inadequate compensation.
I have felt less hesitation in withholding my assent to the
Bill, as the act now in force, originated with the present House
of Assembly, and as more than half of the term of its duration
has already expired. Time will thus be afforded for adopting
some arrangement, by which a due regard may be paid to the
interests of the public, without the total sacrifice of the Officers
who have hitherto been employed in collecting the Revenue.
Mr. Speaker; and Gentlemen of the Assembly.
For such supplies as you have thought it proper to grant, I
return you the usual acknowledgments.
I do now, in his Majesty's name, prorogue this general As-'
sembly until Tuesday, the 20th day of January next, and it is
hereby prorogued accordingly.

( From the Jamaica Courant, Dec:. 23.)

Extract of a letter from St. 'Vary's, dated the 20t1i instant :
" We have had the whole militia regiment out, and seven
rebellious fellows belonging to the frontier have been taken up.
Three were tried yesterday, found guilty, and sentenced to
suffer death ; four more are at present on their trial, who, no
doubt, will share the fate of the others. We have not as yet
any assistance from the regulars.
" SUNDAY MORNING.—The four fellows who were on
their trial have been convicted and sentenced to be hanged. The
st.ltence awaits the approval of his Grace the Governor."

(FROM PRIVATE LETTERS.)
Extract of a letter from William Lambie, Esq., to 'Messrs.
Hibbert, dated St. Mary's Jamaica, Dec. 20, 1823.
" This part of the island has been in considerable alarm for
the last week, from an apprehension of a rising among the Ne-
groes in the parish of St. Mary and St. George, in consequence
of which the militia of these districts are under arms. In the
former parish, on the estates immediately surrounding Maria,
vi 2., Frontier and Wentworth estates, the Negroes had entered
into a conspiracy that they would, at the full of the moon, which
was on Thursday last, set fire to the works in several places,
and that when the white people came to endeavour to extinguish
the flames they were to be massacred. The plot was &nu-
nately discovered by a domestic being anxious to save his
toaster's life, and recommending him to go on board of ship.
The boy was seized and examined by the Magistrates, and his
testimony was supported by a man named by this lad, who gave
a very clear evidence, and ten of the ringleaders were taken
up. Two were tried yesterday, and were found guilty ; sod

the trials of the others are now proceeding. and I trust this
timely discovery, and the example that will probably be made,
will prevent any further disturbance. The whole arising from
the poor creatures imagining that they had been made free by the
people at home, and that the white people are unjustly detain-
ing them in slavery here, I hope the thinking part of the peo-
ple of England will be convinced of the danger of agitating ,4o
momentous a question. Qfficial accounts of this matter will
doubtless be sent to Lord Bathurst."

Extract of a letter from Alexander Stevenson, Esq. attorney to
Frontier estate, to John Watson, Esq. of the house of Messrs.
David Lyon and Co., London, dated Port Maria, Jamaica,
Dec. 21;1823.
" On the 16th, information was brought me that the Frontier
Negroes were in rebellion, and that full moon, or the 18th,
was the time fixed upon. I immediately got the ringleaders
secured, evidence taken, and sent over to head-quarters. His
Grace in the course of the night sent off to Sir John Keane, di-
recting
a company of men to be sent from Stoney-hill to our
assistance : this message was said to be received with contempt,
even laughed at. However, the militia, by turning out prompt.
ly, have prevented mischief.
" The plan in this parish was this .—The general signal for
revolt and emancipation to be given by firing the Trash-houses
at Frontier estate on the 18th : this would draw out the white
people, who were to be instantly destroyed ; then move to the
bay (you know the situation), create a mob, and destroy all the
white people there, reserving their houses for further use ; the
works then to be destroyed and every thing else on the estate,
except the negro houses and grounds. Three of the ringleaders
were tried on Friday, and sentenced to be hanged. Five more
shared the same fate yesterday. Had this diabolical plot not
have been discovered, there would not have been a set of works
standing in the parish, or a white man existing within the
bounds."
Copy of a Letter from John liunan, Esq„ to Messrs. lliggin,
Whitely, and Co., of London, dated Spanish Town, Jamaica,
Dec,23,•1823.

" \Ve are at present in a considerable state of alarm in this
island, from the fear of insurrection during the holidays.
Conspiracies are said confidently to exist in the parish of St.
George, and other places ; and one of a most dangerous na-
ture has been discovered on Frontier estate in St. Mary's,
where a plan was framed to set fire to the works, and to de-
stroy the white people as they came forward to extinguish it ;
they had planned afterwards to take possession of Port Maria,
where they expected to be joined by many. Eight men be-
longing to Frontier have been tried, found guilty on the
clearest evidence, and sentenced to be hanged, which sen-
tence the Governor has directed to be carried into execution
to-morrow at Port Maria. All this we owe to the debates in
Parliament, and the practices of the saints who should be ra-
ther named incendiaries. I know not how they will reconcile to
their consciences the blood which they have caused to flow, and
the tremendous loss of lives that may still in all probability be
occasioned by their measures. The terror they have spread
here is indeed distressing, and this town (Spanish Town) is now
filled with families who have been accustomed to spend their
holidays in the country, but are at present afraid to trust them-
selves on their own properties, or to enjoy festivities, as has
been usual, amid their own people. God send us safe through
this danger; but I fear his Majesty's Ministers will have much
to answer for in allowing themselves to be made the tools of
such a dangerous and presumptuous set of reformers. It is
astonishing that such a man as Mr. Canning should have bees
misled by them ; but I still hope the eyes of Government and
of the nation will be opened to the insanity of their schemes
before it is too late. Militia guards are to be mounted to-mor-
row, and his Grace the Governor has adopted every possible
measure of precaution to ensure the peace and safety of the
colony—already a ruined one in all our opinions here.
(Signed) " JOHN LUNAN."
