SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

Tht last arrivals from South America present ns
uith what appears to be the political finale of Boli•
var. That conspicuous and enterprising person has
at last ceased to be a public functionary, and has re-
turned into private life. General Bolivar has thus

demortstrated either that be did not entertain the

projvets of criminal ambition which had beer► imputed
to him, or that he did not esteem the odium worth
inentring for the sake of an unattainable usurpa-
tion. It is fortunate for General Ilolivar's fume,

that a suspicion of selfish designs against his
country's freedom attached to him for some years
pretty generally, without his having found or
made an opportunity of demonstrating their abso-
lute injustice. The latter scenes of his career are
more calculated to convince us that ho could not

long have retained the exereige of supreme power,
than that he did not Covertly deaire it,—tnore that
he could not have been Calmar, than that he had

proposed to himself Washington for his model. In
one point, indeed, he resembled and surpassed the
latter,--we mean in his perfect disinterestndness as
regards money. This feature of his character has been
conspicuous throughout even the most prosperous
stages of his career, and shines out with peculiar
lustre at the moment of his resignation of supreme
command. But be that as it may, his retreat hat
been decent, if not strikingly noble or dignified; and
the language of the new Government towards him
has been that of public gratitude at aspect. What
may be the cond►tion of Colombhiltenceforth, it ►s
extremely difficult to conjecture. 'T-Int. -.measures
adopted by Venezuela and another proVinee may
still admit of a federal, though not an ►ncorporating
union with that state of which Bogota is the metro-
polis, and in such ease we do not see how the rela-
tions of foreign Governments with the Republic
could be much embarrassed by the change, prov►ded
that some central Power were to be acknowledged for
the direction of affairs of foreign policy. At all events,
it is satisfactory to know that the new Government of
Bogota have renounced, in the most formal manner,
every right of coercing Venezuela into an incorpo-
rating union, should the latter state decline the
sinkable proposals made to her.---Times.
Some useful papers have been printed by order
of the house of Commons, exhibiting by a clear

and distinct table the difference of expense attendant
on the transport of convicts to New South Wales, as
compared with the cost of their retention and employ-
ment on board of hulks in this country and at Bermuda.
By a return for the years 1820 to 1829 inclusive it
appears that, deducting from the gross expense the
sums earned by the labour of the convict, the cost
of feeding, clothing, and maintaining each individual,
together with that of the establishment, and of re-
pairing the hulks, did not, in the course of the last
year, exceeding 3/. 17s. 41d. per man. In the year
1827 it fell short of 121. per man. From particular
circumstances affecting the price of labour in the
year 1828, the produce of earnings by the prisoners
had shown a considerable deficit, and had accord-
ingly raised the average expense for the public to
61. 16s, 24d. per annum. But the average for seven
years from W 23 inclusive, has not exceeded 3/. 9s.
per annum. The expense of transporting convicts
to New South Wales presents u very unfavourable
view of that method of treatment, miscalled punish-
ment, as compared with detention and hard labour
on board the hulks. The official returns of 1828
give for the charge of carrying out each male, 264
itie. 6d. ; for each female, 341.85. 61d.; 1829, for each
male, 2.5/. 1.54.91 d.; for each female, 27/. 12s.
Thus, so far at least as economy is concerned, there can
be no question as to the preference which ought to
he given to imprisonment in the hulks, over trans-
port to a distant colony, the expense being in favour
,mf the former 'system in the ratio of less than one-
eighth. On grounds affecting the welfare of the
eolouies, we likewise hold that every consideration
ought to determine the Government against the
practice of transporting, and in favour of confining
prisoners. Transpottunorecan in hardly any instance
deter from crime, because in fact it is scarcely ever
a punishment to the guilty. A punishment it is,
nod a *evere one, to the colonies, to be annually de-
luged with the scourings of our gaols at home. Nor
can the progressive and inevitable consequences of
forming a community, where the proportion of
women is not one-tenth of what it ought to be, its
compared with men, be contemplated otherwise
than ns leading to moral evils of the most dreadful
and revolting nature. If the argument of economy,
therefore, were not, as it seems to us, so decisive,
that drawn from considerations of policy and mora-
lity would be so beyond all question.— Timer.
We are glad to perceive, from the Leeds Mer-
cury, that the freeholders of Yorkshire have east
their eyes on Mr. Brougham for one of their county
Members. The counties of England have not tut-
aptly bean described as the worst sort of ronen
&roughs, being eqoally dependent with rotten ho-
rough" on powerful individuals, and being more
peculiarly the refuge of stupidity. But 'Yorkshire
is, it seems, too largo for the grasp of any proprie-
tor, and therefore, according to the Leeds Mercury,
" as the present system almost excludes all who do
not possess extensive property from county repre.
counties are seldom represented by first-
rata senators; when the evil becomes so excessive
that no property can contest time election, it cures
itself, by throwing upon the freeholders thel part of
giving their voluntary and free support to time rotor
of their real choice." The journal in question olp.
gervito, that " Mr. Brougham is perfectly ignorant
of his p,..ssent recommendation to the freeholders of
Yorkshire, to' of there being any idea of proposing
him to eke. "mi." We have no doubt that this
stetement is perfect:: correct. It has, however,
1,„„ known for „verul to some of the gentle-
men possessed of influence it; Yorkshire, now resi-
dent in the metropolis, that it sys:l intended by the
freeholder, of that county, and espt:fielly of the
West Riding, to return Mr. 'Brougham. ,Wieed
it
variety of reasons point him out to that coure;v.
which has always taken time leml in all questions
emulated with civil and religious liberty, education,
the abolition of slavery, &c. us the representative
most worthy of their choice. The following are
the titles of Mr. Brougham to time honour intended
for him by the Yorkshiremen, as given by our Leeds
contemporary
" The lionourable and Learned Memlll/4 for Kosovo-
borough steady without a rival animmmg time public men of
the present day in their claims upon the gratitude of their
skuutry and of mankind. lie has no competitor in the
'louse of Co' moons either in eloquence, in statesmanlike
talent and information, or in the good he has effected for
his country and for time !lumen ricer. Him accomplishment.
arms so various anti eminent as to perplex the writer who
should describe them ; but his distinguished characteristic..
is the strictness and energy with which lie has devoted
himself to objects of real and high utility. Allured and
tempted as he has been on all enlist, he seems to have din.
regarded every thing which could have withdrawn Lim
from the active service of ilia countrymen eml of his
specie'. With a most extensive practice at the liar, be
hat never contracted his intellect or his ambition to be the
nisre successful lawyer.; with high scientific ititaintlirtit,,
Ihe has sought to employ them only in the general diffusion.
of knowledge ; with first-rate oratorical powers, be has
not 10 much endeavoured to shine as an orator as to devote
his einotwOce t 4 time advancement of every good and noble
suite. •
i`There is no greet cause involving the public interests,
the -rights of man, the reform of abuses, time redress of
wronter the improvement of the law awl of the Govern-
ment in all its departmeota, whiela has not found a real},
end effective support in the mighty eloquence of Air.
Brougham.
" tht is tile champion of time oppressed at bow And
error the whole world. In hint an injured Q"e
&red Missionary, awl as oppressed Negri' ujiL atihra
*prompt Advocate. Thy liaistenter sod the e :
•ir
knowledge his rust anti successful efforts to it ." "'I
-af-
front their political degradatioe. true stay: we futemid' ;T.
hurling the thunder of hit indignant eloquenen against
foreign tyrant, sod the nest be iul:lllUsiirig with wonderful
skill and erudition a pier' for enabling the small ahopkeeptv
.or farmer in obtain justice tevithnut being ruined in th„
.tittetapt. Ile has laboured to mitigate time severity of .thy
Oiminal Code, and to improve the administration of 'pa
taw ill civil actions.
it remembertal that MG Brougham was the chid

means of repealing the mischievous Orders in Council—a
service which entitles him to the eternal gratitude of the
Coutmerciat anti Manufacturing interests. He tvas the
most formidable antagonist of Ministers in the debates
which led to the repeal of the Property Tax. He has
ever shown himself the enlightened friend of commerce,
and the enemy of every monopoly, especially of the great
East and. West India mennpolies, and of the Corn Laws.
"He is the unwearied friend of Education. In the
establishment of the London University, of the Mechanics'
institutes, and of the Society for the Diffusion of Useful
Knowledge, he has done snore to elevate the intellect of
his countrymen, and to break down the barriers of anti-
quated prejudice and abuse, than any roan whom this
country has produced for ages. To every reflecting mind
this will appear to be a greater service than could be ren-
dered to mankind by the most brilliant Orator, or even
the most consummate Statesman.
" To enumerate the whole of his services and achieve-
ments would fill all the columns of our paper. We can
only further notice his persevering efforts to obtain the
amelioration sad abolition of West Indian Slavery. We
rejoice to see, by hie powerful speech in the House of
Cotillions on Tuesday, that be is now aiming at the root
of this stupendous evil. By bringing in Mr. Brougham
fer the county of York, there can be no doubt that the
cause of Negro Emancipation would be greatly advanced.
From the Castle-yard of York a voice would ring fotth,
which would carry a generous stimulas to the people of
the whole kingdom, and gladden the heart of the pining
slave in the Antilles.
" Such a man, then, we respectfully suggest to the Free-
holders of Yorkshire, it would redound highly to their
honour and advantage to send as their Representative to
the House of Commons. We admit that Mr. Brougham
has no peculiar connexion with Yorkshire, though he is
the Representative of one of its boroughs. His property
is its a neighbouring county, where his praiseworthy efforts
to liberate the electors from the yoke of a dominant fa-
mily have been unavailing. But from his long connection
with the Northern Circuit, and from the great extent of
his practice, lie has obtained a very competent acquaintance
with all the leading interests of the county. If the in-
vitation were singular, it would only be the more honour-
able both to the freeholders and Mr. Brougham, and the
more useful as an example. But it is not singular : Mr.
If tune's patriotic services hare recommended him to the
fieeholders of Middlesex, who are about to draw him from
his connection with the Scotch boroughs, and to return
din as their Member. Mr. Canning and Mr, Huskisson
have been thought fit to represent Liverpool, with which
they had no previous connection. Mr. Burke honoured
Bristol by becoming its Member, though he had no local
claim.
"In returning Mr. Brougham, the Freeholders of
Yorkshire would give an honourable and memorable ex-
ample of the public coming forward to reward public vir-
tue. A man who has so devoted himself to the service of
his country deserves better of his countrymen than to be
returned to Parliament only as the Representative of a Ow
borough. His hands would be strengthened in the advo-
cacy of every good cause by this great public honour con-
ferred upon him, and be would be bound by it fur ever to
the cause of the people."
We understand that it is intended that Mr.
Brougham shall be returned free of all expense.
The Representation of England never will be re-
spectable till the constituents determine on freeing
their -Representatives horn the expenses of their re-
turn.—llforning Chronicle.
The contest for the representation of the county
of .I..outh will occur some short time previous to the
General Election, a vacancy in that county having
been occasioned by the elevation of Mr. Leslie Fos-
ter to a seat on the Bench of the Irish Court of Ex-
chequer. lie succeeds Mr. M'Clelland, who re-
signs in consequence of ill health. The last-named
person was a Member of the Irish Parliament at the
time of the Union, and was one of those who date
their advancement in the world from that event.—
Without being a partizan of the faction, under whose
baneful ascendancy Ireland so long suffered, or en-
tertaining in his heart any real concern for their, or
indeed for any particular class of political opinions,
Mr. M‘Clelland contrived to make himself an object
of more general unpopularity than any Magistrate
of the ninny employed to administer the law among
it people who have been taught to consider it far less
a defence and protection than an instrument of ven-
geance and chastisement. He resided during a con-
siderable portion of the year on his seat in the county
of Louth, mingling among the country gentlemen,
and taking an active share in all the affairs of the
neighbourhood. From this place he has almost
without intermission, for the last twenty years
(choosing always the same Circuit), each spring and
autumn, mounted the judgment seat as a Judge of
Assize, to dispense that equal and indifferent justice
which knows neither favour nor affection, nor any
respect of persons, with what likelihood of success
it is not difficult to conjecture. So extraordinary
specimen of this very injurious practice, as Baron
Sl'Clelland exhibited, must not be suffered to pass
without animadversion, and will, we hope, attract
notice in its proper quarter.—Morning Chronicle.
A short pamphlet hits just been published, under
the title of A Letter to the King on Me present
Crisis of the National h<ffcaira ; the twofold object of
which appears to be to convince the King, that, in
his hands, and to hint alone, the nation can look
for relief, under the head of such measures as the
writer, secondly, points out, as, in his opinion, es-
sential to our national safety. The writer sets out
with informing his Majesty, that he" has succeeded
to the throne of these realms at a moment the most
auspicious for a Monarch who has at heart the wel-
fare of his subjects, and desires to be himself the
creator of their happiness." lie then goes on to
Mate the grounds on which it is that he considers
that it is to the King alone the country earl hope for
deliverance front its present state of distress and
embarrassment. Under this head the author states,
in plain and unequivocal language, the true reason
why the country can look with confidence to no
other source.
" The constitution of this country," says he, " affects
to be representative. All are now, however, aware that
this character is a mere fiction, and that the majority of
the, so called, popular branch of thoLegidature is returned
by a small body of peers anti great proprietors. Te speak
of the votes of the Howie of Cononnue, or the return of
Nlembers on a general election, as declaring the opinion to
nation ott the conduct of Government, is an acknow-
ledged absurdity. The only restraint on Bow in whose
ku;sils power really reside', is their dread of exasperating
dm people to such a pitch as nifty occasion open And des-
iterate revolution. Short of this,'no check exists to the
rapacity and selfishness of the great families who really
elect the Commons. Such, at least, is the mode in which
the British Constitution hiss worked during thus last half-
century or more."
Ileving established, as be thinks, these two
points, and having deduced from the latter this
portant conclusion, that " the interest of the Go.
vernmeet either is, or is by themselves considered
to be, opposed to the interests of the governed,"
the writer proceeds to enumerate " what may yet
be done to love nod bless the country, by the gra-
cious interference of the sovereign power." These
he classes under six heads, viz.:---
I.
A deliberate review of our monetary system, for the
purpose of giving freedom, security, sufficiency, and tad •
fortuity to the paper money of the three kingdoms.
2. A to.consideration of our whole financial policy.
4. A general and permanent composition for tithes.
4. A reforio in the Administration of the pour laws,
and their extension, in an improved state, to Ireland.
. A rm./Dwelling of our civil and criminal code.
6. A reform of the game laws.
In his views, as fur its they go, we have no
doubt that the writer will meet with many miler,
rents; bet to us it seems rather extraordinary that
a writer who profeaeee to enumerate the evils which
the country laboured under, should omit that
strilciug one which writes from the state of trade,
and the marked preference which is attempted to be
given to the productions of foreign countries over
our own. As far 36 the corn laws are eoncerned,
this, we apprehend, we have more than once de-
mon,trably thown, while its ruinous effects in Other
departniefits of titaiye ptedece are not less apparCht
in the coutintial falling off in that head of the revenue
which is the sureit tett of the comfoi t and prosperity
of the people—tve mean the head of excise—the
great and continued decline in whia, pots beyond
all doubt the melancholy fact of the great and in-
eceasing distress of the people.—Morning
however citirn ninny be the appearance of the ap-
roaching,.elettion of Meniht3-8 of Parliatnent, and
rldWolier WW as yet tlye
probable ceotests, eve can

assure our readers that there never was a period
when stronger exertions were making to secure tin
return of a powerful Opposition. The course of our
foreign policy, and consequent unsettled state of our
foreign relations, as well at the miserable manner in
which the business of Parliament has been managed
in the House of Commons, and the still more unjust

interference with the rights of private property, have
convinced the independent portion of the public that a
change of men, as well as a change of measures, has be-
come absolutely necessary, in order to restore prospe-
rity and cot.fidence at home,and to secure that respect
from foreign powers which the honour and interests
of the country demanded ; and we accordingly learn,
with pleasure, that a coalition is in progress towards
completion between the consistent Tories of 1829
and the most talented of the Whig Lords in the
Upper Douse, for the purpose of opposing the mea-
sures of the Government, and enabling the King to
choose a Ministry of greater talent than that to which
the reins of Government are now entrusted. Lords
Eldon and Winchilsea, on the one hand, and
Lords Grey and Durham, on the other,. are men-
tioned as the most active promoters of a union,
which, notwithstanding the opposite opinions on
some points of these Noble Lords, we consider to
be highly constitutional and proper. When the
Catholic Relief Bill was passed, it was by a union
of the Whigs and moderate Tories—by a great sa-
crifice of former professions on the part of the
latter, and a great forbearance of opposition on
many other points on the part of the former; and
if, in one case, the union of such opposite parties
be justified by the importance of the question at
issue, it will also be equally justified in the other.
All great changes have indeed been produced more
through the influence of coalitions, formed to carry a
particular point, than by dint of the energy and num-
bers of any one party. The heads of parties have
felt it necessary not to relinquish, but to lay aside
for a time, the common grounds of opposition when
questions of natural importance were at issue ; and
such, we believe, to be the understanding said to
have been entered into between the chiefs of the
coalition to which we have alluded. They seek
not emolument, place, or power—they have no wish
for office, but they are not satisfied with the course
either of our domestic or foreign policy, and they
are therefore desirous of seeing a change effected
which shall impart vigour to both. And let as ask,
are they not justified, or, rather, nre they not im-
peratively called on to use every lawful means of
accomplishing the object ?—Morning Advertiser.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.
