THUNDER STORMS.

•.
Thi.re yeas a violent stored of thunder, 'lightning,
arld had, at P.:nrith, on Sa:urdav last. Conside-
."b!e r
•-tge was done by the lightning; a barn
7,c0:1! ten cart-loadi of hay, belonging to Mr.
wide, of Catter-lane-'-and a stack, the pro-
Perty of Sir F. F. Vane, at 'Hutton Hall, were WI h
set on fire, and entirely consuriied. A horse anti
five farnbs were killed in a held near Penrith. -Se-
verial of the hailstone s measured two inches in cif-
cunt ference...
Yesterday se'nnight NeWcasile and Its hoodneighbour-
weie visited by a. most tremendous storm of
• thunder and lightning. The peals were awfully loud,
, and succeeded the flish with a cderity that 'proved
lite comendlng clouds to be immediate lv over • the
tifl":n. Several act:intuits happened, but no s were
'`-'Bl. The house of Mr. Frog,nlWalker,-was nearly
Unroofed, and several of the windows were broken
to' pieees. The windows of Mr. Woodhouse's house
were also completely driven in, and several trees
Were rent in pieces. On both Saturday and, S.unday
thelV were heard occasional peals of thunder from
the east.
Saturday se'nnight, about one o'clock, dtiring a
heavy storm of thunder, fi ghtninu and rain, the
Cvitric fluid •tru4 the roof of the E;ach and Horses
public-house, Ilford, Essex, which foiceditsell with
great '; el, ci,y throdgh the premises into,the. parlour,
where a party were Sitting. In its coUrse it took
"lc bell-wires, which it melted into the size of small
shot ;it then took the door-posts 'of the parlour,
wt :h the force, were shivered to splinters
l'"rly the IA h height ; it. then to:led a, consfler-
`lble way into the par:our, where• being evaporated,
't totaly disappeared, leaving behind it a most sul-
Plalieous smell, and On, the floor a place scorched
4° much as to be el-nicely bl:ck. Although several
Persons tttrc in the ,p,Tlcur and rooms adja‘cent,
tileY' received ; of the least injury.
CrcAsGti, ALTO. b..—Yesterday afternoon we had
great deal of thunder and lightning, accompanied
•Y excessitely heavy rain.. About a quarter vast
I;Jur, the lightning snuck the-top of Lord Nelson's
-1100ruent ; and we regret to say that it has most
materially it..jured that elegant structure. Oo the
.I\nrth side the column 'is torn open fix more than
;`.niy feet from the ccl op, .at. sev. ral of the stones
!uave been brown down. On the West aside the
e,ireets of lisle destrualive fluid .are visible in more
tuan ope place; and on the South side there is a
rent in the,column as far down as the head of, the
Pedestal. Xiturnber of • the'stones are hanging in
3belt a threatening posture, that a military guard has
iv,ery pn.penly been placed around the monument, to
eel) at a distance the thoughtless or too dialog spec-
tators.

Nrar two o'clock, while the Physicians were go-
ing their rounds in. the RQyal Infiltnary,, there was
thunder clap, without any perceptible in-
`e'val tWeen the Bash and. the stroke, w hid) seem-
ed in shake the Infirm;-try. A.l the %ere
4trceit;d, but part:cularly the western. The lowest
'3f women's w;lrd3 exhibited a very -awful ap-
te,,i`t. ce. During tour of six seconds, ail the flame
sudden! drawn in:o the ward, with a rustling
stog,ther with, a dense column of %oot ai.d
a4l`'ke. win( h stantly filled the tv.-.rd.. Fort-tm-
-1,111 no person .w as, I,tirt ; but the pat:en:s scream-
dill! such as could rite, ran :ruin
appetrznic,.s, ihoi;gll in ditlere.,t d( grees,
the whole hotise, hich seems io
C been eliv,;op,..d in
.a thunder cloud, and v-hich
ruhaiily have owed its preservation to the
ul. rant fl ~Ling from its root.

'N'esterday .the Qjenc:ral Cowt-Mar ial' again as.
'elohled at Chelsea College, to hear the defei.c,
P4atie by Captain Charles BuThurst Brown an •
eutetiatit Zonche, of the Royal East London ti'f
giotent of Militia, agaidst whom their Colonel, St,
"lEamer, had preferred a charge, the' par 1-s of which we stated on Tuesday last.—Several
L.'"expected evidences-on behalf of Lieut. Zoudie,
I),ere brou'..;ht forward ; amongst whom were Capt.
I;enttt and Lieutenant Ondinan ; as alto a young
natne.! Dale, who holds an official situa-
tl'"litt the General AgenCy Office, in Mr. Hastell's
-letl,- and whose testimony occupied the at-
, frtitill of the Court a considerable length of rime.
' 'toed, that he accompanied Lieutenant Zouche
1(1) the Garrick's Head in Bow-street, on or about
23,i *May last; at ten o'clock at night, where
14eY 'Met with the Prisoner, Capt. Brown, and a
11 '' . Wllson-;. and t hat, after freely drinking, the
t:) a'd in question was,drawn up very reluctantly
C; ZouchLe, by the request and dictation of
8.,' between the hours of one and two
io the morning; and that the following
' (Liciner.ant Loucht) and,Alr. Wilson; call-
13t ,t ()I1 hurt at the office with some. of the placard,,
tr
!otally any knowleoge of •any pre-
Itt a letter beings.nt from their office, in
t, y rn
,1. yiay, to Sir John Earner.
ar,', T,1),11 this, Mr. Wilson, was again.calltif in,
' iy affirmed that Mr. Dale furnished the.
r,,,)"t,r, Lieutenant 3onche, with an official cover,
the
`" t nr,Jise of inclosing a pacard to Colonel.
11;1 Earner, which was afterwards stamped
, tht: tuft e seal.
'
` .t, t• wholP of the evidence' having been gone
tht
the prisoners were then calkd on for their
' ; being of so considerable a length,
will -
ieuts us giving them publicity this day, but we
them to-motrOw.
th"sterday a General Court Martial was held at
Int(lea College, on a pril ate belonging to the West
t4l,ts°ll Regiment of Militia, on charges of repcat-
"ert ion..
tolThe burlesque. Tragedy of Bomtastes• Furioso,
qj tiniles to adva,pce in public favour, and promises
to equal the farmer popularity of Tonz Thuinb
success of this piece, indeed, arises not only
°`.litsown whimsical merits, but from the eccett-:
t
iY. of the performers, who seem to increase in
'4l°roui exuberance every time it is represented.
II
We hear that the bond entered into when the
4,1')11,-GEORGE VILLIERS was appointed Paymaster
ti'ht; Marines, and which was supposed to be lost
"e 0 searched for at the tittle of the dotaldation
'ls: accounts, has been .by aceid.ent discovered
‘4.). +Neatly, and is pUt in force against the parties.

"~~~.

4111 ERICA.

SPEECH O.,THE HON. lOHN RANDOLPif.

DEBATE' ON THE REDUCTION OF TIIE NAVAL ESTA-
BWHIVENT OF THE UNITED STATAS.

APlttl, 23, 1810.
The Committee 'of the w Me having repoqed the
Bill tor the Reduetion of the, Naval Estabtishinent,
with various amendments, gone; to defeal the main
object of theßill ; and the question hating been
piano the first amendment—
Mr. RANDOLPH- said, .that us his objections to
the wavy went. to. the ly bele system, be would make
ins observations at laege, in preference to reserving
them iu detached varts on the various details of
the.B.ll. My objeet (said mr, to endeavour
to eeisuade the I-liaise .11.ai they ought not to cOt,
-cur in the Report of the Committee of the whole
House. ' I have. ever ,beliefed :hat time people
.of
the Unitemt States weie destined to become at soine
imer tem! or other a great naval power. The unerring
indications of that het • w ere presented tritis in a
tonnage and number of -s• amen exceeding those of
any other nation iu
.the world, only one excepted.
When • therefore I propo,ed . to reduce, the naval
establ.shment of -the United S&-mates, it was not for
the pitiful object of putting down some five or
seven gnu-boats, and twoor tnreeunimportapt navy
yards, or of makingehe m'ghty reduction coetetn-
plated in, the amendmeot of tie Gentlernan froM
Pennsylvania. in other words, it was not for the
purpose of making barely such a retrenchment in
the naval expenditure- as might enable Government,
after such retrenchment was effeded, to go on with
the aid of loans and taxes. We had two views of
the probable state of the nation presented to us
during this Session. The first was a view of war, in
which case it was agreed on all hands that leans and
taxes 'would bet e, essay. • The next was a View of
peace, in which case it was believed that loans and
taxes were unnecessary; and were so pronounced
front time highest authority in the country on (inane
ciat concerns. But' now it seems we have a view of
reducing military and naval expenditure, which does
not iate the necessity of loans' and taxes. My
object in the proposed,reduelion was, not to enable
the Gevernment to get on with the aid ,of boar's and
taxes, bat to make such reduction as. would. haVe
enabled time Government to 'dispense with a recur-
rence to them. I
,
'have said, Sir, that the United States were, in
my' opinion, destined to become a great naval'power,
and I 'have read .unerring indications of it in the,
commercial prosperity or our country, out of which
alone it can grow. But I believe if.
_any -thing
could retard, or evereually_destroy it—it any thing
could strangle in the cradle 'the infant Hercules • of
the. American navy, it would be the very injudi-
cious mode in which that power has been attempted
to be prematurely brought. Into atlion, and kept in
action during ihe two last adminis, rations. Again,
a naval power riecesee ily grow s out ofs tonnage and:
seamen. We have not only driven away our ton-
nage,' but haVe exerted ourselves with no 1 tile
z ;al, even at this very Sesion, to prevent its ever
C inng back. We have not been: willing to 'Con-
sent, that vese,els polluted by the 'unpardonable
s:n
of a breach of the Embargo, should return. True
it is, that we hiiVe 1101 mAr the :Jame, pt-0000a in
tel aloe to seamen : we have conceived 'the gedt
tattier, to reside in the wood or iron, than 'in. the
glen w m() condueted it. - But although we' haVe no
provision :01 !he exeress parp.ese tha. they should
not rem utne unfortonote:y tbeY have niat returned,
and. the proof of ties feet is •emitteed 'by 'another;
vie. that landsmen are at this mbnient employed on
.board our few ships of war, because seamen cantiOt
be procured. Our tonnage' and seamen then, the
sinews of naval power"; are. Wounded:. by Our owe
measures to a considerable degree.- Again, it has
always been, uederstood, according to my view of,
the sehjeet, that one of the principal uses of a navy
was to prated commerce:, b our political rule
for seine time past has been Gat of inverse pro-
eortione and we eave discotered that commerce is
the natural protector of a nevy.' The proof of this
is found, if not in every a& of this House, certainly
ire Most of the 'speeches deliveled on this floor. I
need only allude to, a speech Made by, a colleague
of mine, (Mr. Gholson) who useally sits
.ori my.
right hand, a few days ago ; in which he stated,
that the power to 'regulate corritherce was especially
given by the Constitetion to the United States; knot
as a means 'of raising revenue,- equaliiirig duties.
throughout the United States, and making us ail:
in fact, one family ; 'but that it was put into 'the'
hands of Congress, as'a scorpion Whip to. bring the
other nations of lime world to our terms, that by
tenting away the light of our countenance, the
sunshine of our commercial bounty, they might
wither and decay.

I had always thought too, Sir, that the revenue
which a naval establishment naturally calls for, was
to 'be iounuill on commercial greatness : in other
words, that 'commerce was to give us revenue, re-
venue was to support a navy, wl7ich; in return,,. was
to proceet corninerce. But it seeMS we have
changed all this; we hive perverted the whole
course of procedure ; and. why, Sir, shall we keep
op an eyipensive naval es,ablishment, necesiarily
driving us into loans and taxes, for the protettion.
Of a comtherce wilich the Government itself says
we shall not carry on ;. and when Members of t hie
Hue tell us, that the natural proicetion of cow-,
meice is the annihilation of it ? The navy has now
become a sort of tifi.h wheel to the polittcal coach,
and I am unwilling 10 keep it up at, this expeixe on •
these groutds. - .

If, Sir, the constrnaion which
_I have taken of
the sense of the House and of the Government be
not correa, whence comes it that we have such
caws bt fore us as Dantel.Buck ? Whence comes it
that we hear of Treasury instructions, not issued in
the first instance • for the purpose of • expounding a
law touching -the clearances of vessels, 'that uni
fortnity may prevail in the ditfereni districts; but
supplementary instrudiors, becoming •in • pradice
the-at.ual law of the land ?. In other words, if my
consu-uttion be not coma, whence comes it that
every principle formerly called federal,•every prin-
ciple of executive energy . and, power, has been
strained of late to an extent heretofoie Unparalleled ?
Whence comes it that in the archives of this assem-

Ny we find copieS'Of iiest‘s given by the Exetb--.
ii.Ve Power of the-nation—to do what? To Permit
cne part of this confederacy to supply another part
with bread I We have bad executive licenses;
graciouSly permitting that a pqrtios of our citizens
shJuld not Starve, whilst t r-sf were retelling in
kitty, andsuffering for ant of a maikr t Let us
suppose that in the fragment; hf history of the an-
, ci,m n itions of the earth, of those perithlS which
• are most in% olved in obscurity, we shou.4 find an
imperial rescriiit to thiS effl•ct---.% hat would be the
inevitable conclusion of the historia•,? That if the
Chief Magistrate could at pleasure starve one part
of the people whilst .anOt her was riyting•in pl nit;
that the individnit:whO held this power was ihe
greatest despot on 'earth, and the Gov( rittnent a
pure and mit-nixed desp )tiStu. Botl, Sir, it would
,be improper to draw any such couelusiou. hi re, be-
cause we are the mosfetil.ghtened'peopic on earth
I believe e have placed. that on record ! It %%as
nothing but the protection Of U e navy of the
United Sta•es, a det,ire- of avenging the attack n'
the -chescipeake --for among all the causes Of the
Einbaro, we hear of none ot tener than an attack on
the Chesapeake--it was nothing but a 'defence,
not only of the, comtnercial interests, but of
the naval strength of the oration, which created
, di&atorship in the person of the I Magis-
trate. It was not that we are natural!) more prune_
to slavery than othets—but it was, for ilit'presei v.t-
tion of. our national defence (it that to nut post-
-6%74 Opposedto national detente, which-costs tour
tnillionS,' add which, whet. Gieek.meets Greek, and
rite tug of war comes, must take refuge under so% h
measures as those I have tnetstioned.)—:--NO, Sir,
nay object} in. the Bill which I pretnted to the
House was a great one, It was to enable us to cl,s-
pense With a loan to the acknowledged arhount of
5,160,000 doll .rs—to enable us to dispense with
taxation to an amount whii:ll no tnan can' cal: mate
ind ed, the system which', passed tilts HOuSe
' was constructed to bring•in revenue at all: It was
not a little paltry affair of recticing, a couple of
ti Ivy yards+,not to bury the (had ho bay,: bt-en
already interred in the mars! es Of The Mississipp-
i not twice to slay the was lot a great public
Objet Really, Sir, the reduation of th•-•
trout Pamsylva, 13, (Mr. Swilie) remind, toe v, ry
-forcibly of an incident is said, to have raked
place at the discovery of the Guneow;ier.
When Commissioners were sent into the Pailiattnot
vaults to examine ,into the situation of•the
un-
po►vder and cotnbustibles colletled together •for the
purpose of blowing up the Icng, the-Parliament,
and the •Whole constitution, Vey returned and re-
ported that they had found fifty' barrels of gun 7••
powder—that they had rluoved five-and-twenty
barrels, and humbly trusted that the remaining five-
and-twenty would do no harm is 'preekely
the teduttion which the Cornmittee and the Gen-'
tieman from Pennsylvania hate agreed to; make
it is a reduction which -will-not do any effectual set-
vice,
.and I tlieteloi,e hope the House will not •ac-
cord in it. .•‘e • - • • •

13ut. We are told .that gre it and gigantic events in .
Enro;',e are to be arrested —that Inch .the British
navy cannot do, I suppose, -or that hich the coln-•
Wiled Continental forces- opposed to her.cannbt el- •
feet, is to be decided here by three-ffrigates; for.
that is-precisely the extent to if I und,:rstaiid
'him, he is willing to go ! It seems we are also to
sutler a total. loss of the ships to .be sold,, they be-
ing unfit -tor etery other purpose. Are they. unfit
for the East .Indian trade ? Was not the first vess‘
that, ever doubled the Cape of Good HOpe• under
the 'flag of the United States,. the old frigate ;11-
liana!? And would not these vessels, it so.d, be
purchased for. that and for other purposes, more
'especially' whin we consider the. immense loss of
tonnage which the United States h ire sustained
(1, wil.l not S'my hpw, .bilt when) within thelast two
years . But this, if well founded, would be no al):
jection with me to the reduction- of the navy. lam
willing to put a clause in the to authorise the
Presi,!eutt [olive. the frigates .away,, it, he cannot sell
them., My objection to, the,ekpence is not merely
to pounds, shillings, and pence—not mert.ly to the
counting house ' calcolations--but 'to expences ut-
terly incommensurate to the object to which .tliose
expenses profess .to go, and, to 'a system of orga-
nized public plunder. -If we agree to make this
'reduction,
.however, according to the statement tit
the Gentleman, from Virginia (Mr. Bassett), fo-
reigners will .purchase from us ships of the best con-
situdion •in the world, on tl;e best terms. I be-
lieve, if the Gentleman's knowledge on the state of
Our public ships was as accurate as perhaps it is on
the other: subjeets, he would, hardly suspetit fo-
reigners of coming to our markets, tar the purpose
pf buying those ships to annoy our commerce. Who
will become the purchasers ? Great Britain ?
Af-
ter having given her hundreds of thouiands of tons
of your shipping, now sailing 'under the British.flig,
and . manned her navy with your sealn(n driven
from your employment, do you believe the Ainii-
Fait), will send across the. Atlantic to buy the hulks
rotting .at,the Navy yard ? Or would it be a for-
midable accession to the British navy, especially
when four of these vessels are absolutely unfit for
any purpose whatever ? . I presume that even the
Emperor of France, if it were an object with him
to have • these famous models of naval 'architecture
at Antwerp, would hardly venture to purchase them,
and run the risk of getting klitcti across the ocean.
I conceive yon could hardly get insurance done on
them at Philadelphia or Baltimore. The idea of
getting these vessels is absolutely .idle, unless Gen-
tlemen are disposed to send their commerce on the
ocean, and employ force in the protection of it.
Sir, I do know that comparisons ale extremely
pleasant, and no consideration, would induce me to
go into them, especially after the observation of my
friend before me (Mr. Macon), but the discharge
Of an imperious public duty. I can have no hopes
Of deriving any thing further than experience from
the past 4dministiations—it is to make use of this
experience that I call the attention of the House to
the comparative expenses of-the• navy under the se-
veral administrations.

, [To be continued.]

. ,
. .
.4 Ay, an Edia of the Kiug,of SAX9NY,the Jews are
exempted from the 'tax which they formerly paid
upon attenetng the Fairs of Leipsick aud Nautuberg,

THE PRINCZ 0 Tr .1, PS'S 4R2110t.i71', I

A. CA

. E.

This valitable and-'lic,,ife.dion is a mUsotliTi rot of :irmsl- only, but of v.n t' oksora, t,
droeies, &c. ; it, is arranged w ith great r,
and taste, under .hr immediate inspection of h s
Highness. It uctuptes fi,e r00.0.s the attic gory
the swords, tire arm., Ace, are disposed. in
rigui es upon' Scarlet lot h, and itielosed in. glass cases;
tie Whole is kept in a stale of the most perfect
brightness. Here we savor's of every country,
ntany of winch ate eurous and valuable. from having
;,e,ongi.d to ernineni men :
.ot these the inns t-e-
-o,arkable is a sw,)rd of th,• firninis (.6%74 'yard,
Knight- rans Fetir et Sa,pS repiodie. A. sword of the
gr at Duke of Atirlboroh,,h, one of Lotijs XIV
and oth. of Ci ark., H ; the !w:) List 'are iliere:y
dress swords. A c rious sifter beiket-hilted broad-
swjd of the Pretender's, eirmossed with ti,;ares
and toile. But the fi sword sin 'ln% c..
L (lion .
is one of eizebile t workira,.sitin, which once be..
io tedlir th,l cei,brateci Hainpckn ; it was execut,
ed by Benevoto celebrated Nor wine.
The oinaineuis on the recall,. Of the scab- •
brad are in basso-relieve broliz.4 and are ,nieng•
e I to illustrate ILe Ii e ur David,;
.it Is 3 beau-
11U1 piece of work, rmLI in the highest preserva-
tion.
In the armo. ty iq ayoUthful porrrait of Charles
XII. of Sweden, -and beneath 44. cohteau de chasser
, usi
bc 'bat 11,1ouarch, of very rude and
workmantinp. A sword of .Geneol1;11/1:nrcau's,
oi,e of tll,,ralia;'l,uckttrr's --let avothtit. r
rtous speciatins of plate armour, beltuers, and et
potit,'sOine Indian ar nottr of curi-os workruThs
coinposti-d of steel ringlets, simil ,r to th hanberk
worn by the 'fernplars, but not so heavy,
and the heltne', are of a different constrwtion; also
some c:ui.rasses, as now worn in Gel en,y ; curiodi
colle4ion of„hre-armei',. from the itiakh•lo•k to the
ino ern impro,enn-nts, in the firelock-; air.guns,
Ace. this room are also some curium
Saddles, .El.,n Tu, kisli, •etc, ; some or the
4ddles.. are richly .ornatoewed with puce
gold.
Another
.rooin contains some Asiat.c chain ara
moor; an effigy or Tippoo Suitan on !iorseback; in
a iirt-35 that lie wore; a4sii •modeli of a .ttanori And
moitir on new prlki les.; some delicate and
oUi Chinese works of art in ivory, many rich East•
era dresses,' and a i,alanquin of very costly materials.
in another apartment are some curious-old English
weapons, bratte-axes, maces, d,ggers, arrows, tite.:;
several specim,ns also from the S ndWich and other '
South Sea is;ancis, if weapons, stone'lLitchets, Ace. ,
Our young men
.01 fashion whi.'wish to indulge 4
taste for antiquarian re,,earchts, inay projeti the r6a
vival of an otd tashion tor that appendage of the leg
called boots, from the sertesut m worn in Va
aget', u Inch turin a singular pat t of t,is.roli
In presses are kept au immense assemblige of rich
dresses of all coon! r ies ; also sets °fund-or/OS, bons
a Genera) to a private, of atl•countrirs wtni, h ave
adOpteduniturrus, .and Iptittary dres.esotihuse who
hat e not. All vris lsatniei ,urs, hOrse-tails
Roman s worcls,daggors, st toes, s ibres ,mac,
ilic great two
hailed sworls, and among th , e
rest ~tte with which .
cxec.-Ltions are perfor ed in G •rinany,-un the blade
of which is rudely etched on one s:de a figure of
,faxiic„ and on the other,' the mode ot tt,e execu-
tioa, which is 'thus :—the culprit ta-, upon a caair,
and the ox:cutioner co Les behind Jinn, and at ,One
blow severs 'the head from t tie bony. Bes'de3 the
portraits of several -Dukes of.Bruns.vick, a' d Count
de Lip-pe,,, ale those of tne Eniperor Josh IL
Ftecterick. the Great, and of various Prin ep
ces and
great men renowned fur their 'talents in the art of
war."

In the night of Wednesday se'nnight, a man
entered the dwelliug-house of Lucy 13 ook, widow,
at Almondhury, near Huddertield, and rac isht.d and
murdered her. The ydlain is coinalitted.:to rot'lv
Cits, le.

•
i'luals have a fair opportunity aff)rded -them
to obtain 1501. a year, and so on to 2,0001. Per
annum, by only pitting by in a private pur,e 2.5. 61
per week or more,. agreeably to 'heir tinance4, and
no loss snstained ; for it that is not done,. Indivi-
duals wo.::d be obliged Co contribute to the State'as
much money as the sum proposed to be so husband-
ed, and that without the smallest chaoce of obtain-
in.!, an Income. • The hmlll suin pui by would buy
a Sixteenth Share in the Lottery, which is inerely
a voluntary tax, instead of a foreed.loan. HORNS-•
BY and Co. have a variety , f T eke s and Shares
on Sale at their old established Qtfiees, 26, C.,rn-
hill, and at St. Margaret's .1-Itll, Borough ; where
the .14:tSt Drawn 20,0001. was Shared to the
Public.

•
SMITHFIELD MARKET,- Aug. zo.','
This day's Market had a scanry supply of different
kinds .of Cattle ; Veal is'cheaper Vim Our las: re-
port ; Beef, Mutton,• Pork, arid I am.), sold at last
prices; .and the trade for the rno t parr was' not
over brisk.---The sales in the Ray Market sere
somewhat dull ; 1-14, Straw, and Clover, have fallril
in price.—The following 'prices and numbers. are
an accurate statement :

To sink the offal per stone of 81b.
Beef 4s. Rd to 6s, od. Mutton 4s. Bd. to Cs. ed. Veal
Ss. od. to Es. t,d. Pork ss. od. to 7s. od. Lamb ss, od. to
qs od.
s6o. Sheep and LaMbs 6,200. Calves 220. Pigi
200.

SMITHFIELD HAYMARKET.
.flay s]. os. od. lo 81. od. Stray/ al. ros. oti. to 31.
3s. od. Clover 61. os. od. t 4 91. os. od. •

CORN RxonAispc,. AUG. 10.--To-day there ar
nor Many testi arrivals of Wheat, but as of la' • 4
r
consideiable Foreign on hind, tor fine this trade- (4
-ready sale fully INA our last quotation; Barley its
Malt continue to vary but little f Pease and 13c- and
fife two kinds hardly at lat prices ; there 4n. 3'4'
short remaining supplies of Oats, 'and• t.liii Aro but.
.
quoted dearer; Flour. remains at late prig,s.(trade . s
Wheat 845 a gSs a ii6s Tick Beans .
Fine ditto - . izos a 126 s Oats - _ '• 4ls a4s
Rye - - -42 s a Otis Poland 22' aDi 4 jat,,
Barley 32s'a 44, Potatoeditt.o '.. 30;' ° . 39,
Malt .. - . 72s a gos .Rape seed . ' 41s • a
....s
White Pease - 6os a 65s fine Ficrgt .f
n.',5,..°1 a 551
Grey ditto - . 46s a 525 Seconds , - ...)-
Beans A - - js a 5,5 s - •-.90, a
a loot
95,

,'

;_) if.

COURT OF' CHANCERY, AvG. 9

KING V. WW.

This was a Bill of-Discovery, filed by. Mr. Johti
King, against Ge4-a1 B, , under the •following.
cirZminmances. In 1807 3n advertisement appeared
in,;(-V-er,ll Papers, with, the address of :Mrs. Morris,
of Margaret-street,
.Cavend'4l-,qua,re, ottering the
services of the Llrly Advertiser ;to bring Gentle-
men and Ladies together for tm.l4i.notrial kurpoSes:
In consequence of this'. advertsernerit the Gene-
ral called.upon 'Mrs. M. and was by her introduced
to Mr. King, it having been agreed that 'upon his.
(the General's). union with a certain' Lady pos-
sessed of 15.101. per ai.numt he should recom--
-Fence Mrs. with five .sum of-30001. as a.doo-
cerir for her conveniency. After this introduction,
entertainments -were:given. at Mrs. King's house,- to
which the General-was invited to meet-a numberof
Ladies, but the'General being diffiguli in choice, the
negotiation broke off. Nlr. King afterwards brou/ght,
ll his anion in•the King's. Beth t;,.o..rweotrer 4001. al-
leged to be expended in treats, lo the Gene=
ral pleaded that he had made no prow ise to pay for
the erit/ertainments. In that "a6tion Mr. King was
nonsuited, and be now tiled ct Bill..
Sir SAMUEL ROMILLY was.about -to address the
Court for defendant ; but the Lord ,CICANCEbLOR
informed the Learned Gentleman, that. in- the pre-
sent stage of the businets 11 -would not be necessary.
He would hear the Council for the Bill. •►

Mr. HART expressed the difficulty he laboured
under, from the.impr4s.sign ,which his Lordship'
eniertaitied of the ease. Notwithstanding be had
heen driven' from a Court of Law, yet he trusted a
Court of Equity would give his client relief.. . •
Here the. L.)1113 CHANCELLOR .observed, that he
could. not .for a moment allow the Learned Counsel
to suppose, 11a-this court woultitend itself to sanc-
tion a transaction, which on the face of it contained
so flagrant 3 Itreach of moral duty. The Bill must
be dismissed.—riM, dismissed.

COURT OF, KING'S MINCH, Atm. 6.

A COMPOSITION 'SOLD FOR WINE.

cUVIE V: DAY.

This was an. a6tion..bronght to recover the-amount
of the loss sustained by the 'defendant's not having
•fuitigi• d .his -Contract the. plaintiff; the de=
fendint having coutrade•l to sea 13 pipes 617 part
vine, while the wine, delivered was not port Wine;
bt.-W of a 'very interior quality.
Tire A.TTORN Y GEN 141. A G. stated the -con t rat t:—•
11ilp,111 other asticles,_ he contracted to sell to the
plaintiff t 3 pipes of port' tine, at 3,71. per•pipe; the
plaintiff plying the duties. The wine was I,lot port
wine, nor it taste like- it; but :was
.a.composition
called Guernsey red wine, which was not w=orth
moreihan XBl. per pipe. 'He should prove; that-the
defendant knew, when it was solid to the plaintiff as
port wine, that it was nothing more 'than Guernsey
red wine, he (the, defendant) having bought it as
Such. The wine delivered was • a compositioti
of every thig in the world -that was of a-land qua-
lily' and of a red hue ! He . contd. more "ea sly tell
What. the -comeos.nhin was not, thin what it as.--
• S not ritd pcirt nor ..was, it any way like
it eithtir in taste. or- qtiali-ly. It was 'imposJinte
to tell what
.it•wkis.;- and. in, that respect, it was
something like the tar-tamed. spe. ific tar the gout,.
called l' eat( nzetlicindle, the. ingtedieurs of Which
ecu were unkikown to any person but •Ma-
nufaClurer •Theie was a difference, very probably,
•;et weer l'eau medicinale and the Guernsey red-wine;
the latter, more likely, •not having the-property of
'curing the gout ! •
The contraa was then read,.. which called the 13
pipes of wine, port wine.,
Mr. Illrhoine, k'hroker,• deposed that he sold a
y of the
.same sort of wine tor the de:tendanr,
to a Mr. Durnsey, as port wine.; which, on 're-
ceiving, he imme(!iately returned, finding it, to 'be
'nothing Mote than Guernsey- red,wme„whieh was,
selling at that lime at 281. Witness understood
that Mr. Corvie tasted the wine at the.docks,''before-
be bOught it.
In answer t a question from Lord :Ellenbo,

rough, the witnesa said the wine called Guernsey
Tcji wine W3s partly-French red wine, but altoge-
ther, it was such a mixture as he could not describe,
though he w as quite ce' taint that. there was no port
wine among it.
Mr. Reynolds, a wine-hroker,.examined the wine
in question, at the request of Mr. Harboine, and
found it to be wine of a very inferior quality, .and-
wine to s 4 hich he could . not 'give a. name rit
as.Pf a nondescript •,st*Cies,.,though he a- knitted,
it Arad all sorts of naines, souse h Guernsey
red wine. • . . • , • .
Lord ELLENI3OI3OTIGH—" If you were asked w! at
Solt of wise you caPed that _sold to •the ,
what would -pp-say i" . . •
Mr: R.—" Guermey'red wine." . • ,
• Lord E.—"lt you were asked ,whether
pout wine, what would you say
Mr. R.—"1440•":-,
Mi-.'Rradley prOved that the wine in question waS
part of some wine imported as Guernsey red wine;
-and sold to Mr. Day as snit. •
Lord ELLENBOROUGH Observed-, that the defend,
ant-described the wine to be delivered to the plain-
tilt as " port wine ;" therefore he bad aright to as-
some it as such when he tented: it.;,and if the %gine
delivered were not port wine, the defendant had.fuot
fultilied. his conteact ; therefore the plaintiff was en-
titled to a verdict..
The Jury returned_ a verdi& for the plaintiff for
1171. being the difference between the prices of port
wine and that delivered. _
Lord ELLENBOROU6II; -on learning that the plain-
tiff intended to , keep' the Guernsey red wine, ob-
served to the plaintiff's • Counsel, "- Oh, then
you know what to do with- it." -

HARDY V. PANTHER AND, SON.

Thi's was an aEtlon to .recover 11081. 17s. id. the
amount of- coffee sold, and delivered to the de-
fendants..

ii ai.poa:t..d, that the p; exposed to
by pi,iblic•auction, great quantilies of cottee,-
Garraway'3, the- 2pit. ot Nlity la t,, aid tha,l the-!
detendan . put clia-ed 11 lots ut datthiga ,cp4l-e, at
such sak.

Mr. likhop, the broker who sold the cotT.'e in
question, atkuovvledged that inquiries were made
at :the time of the. sal-, to know whether any iof the
bags of .d.imaged - coffee had. been repa,.ke4 a and
thai he_answeKed, he: dui not knOw—ne l4tivW no-
thing about them—that he sold ttiL•tn With all t nljs,
gave
,no warranty, and that the buyers must' tee
them as the found them, the-goods being sold for
•the'peAufit Of underwri•ers—they n fight give what
they preased for the goods, but they couid not war...-
rant them. The cotf,'e was warehoused in the
Wes-t. India Dock Company's warehouses, who, on
the back of the receipts which they gave, had cliarg-
ed,'as specified on the backs of said recepts, a sum
of tidl. altogether for neviib-igs to repack the da-
maged coffee, and witness _had paid that money tor
such•new bags and repackages.
The ATTORNEY-GENBR L, on the part of the de-
fendants, hereini:..rp,:sed. He , subMitted,tliat the
'plaintiff must be non-suited, as their accredited agent.
had sold goods that : had been repacked, and for
which_repacking 'he had paid the'Vest..ludis Dock'
Company while he stated to the buyers, when asked
if the coffee were in the old bags, Pat he ditt.inot
know of its being repacksl. Damaged-cotlee; re-'
packed, w4s not worm giove two-thirds of wh4t it
is When in the old hags, and that, too, for:this kea-
;--:\Niijerl coffee, damaged. by the., spa; re-
tnained in the old bar, there was a very great-
chance of finding a great:portion of it nut dainag-;,
ed, the sea having very probably only atfected the
corners of the packages but it on the-contrary,
this cofee, was repacked, it got so mixed by :the
operatiop„, that it
.was -next to iinpo,Sible to separ-
ate-the good from.the.dativ,g, d. That accounted for
the. deprecia awl, in value of damaged coffee when re-
packed.

-Mr. GARROW contended, on the part of the plain-
tiff; that the sale was such as ought to be effectual;
fur the Broker had.said, that 'he did not know at
trre.ir being repacked, and bold the persons pre.
'sent' At the, sale that they might give' what they
pl, asrd tor the.goods,. btit that he would ttot.warratit
them. •-

- 140(d EI.I.,ENItOROLIGH observed, that it was al-
wayis to be presudied, that a !man I:tiew what it was
his i>usioess to•know where he had adequate means
Uts power to.,abtain such•kitowledge. In the pre-
-tienti instance, it was the ,Broker's busineSs to know
it ally of tk)e damaged coffee was repacked, • and he
had the means in hispower• of obtaining such inter-
itotton,. for he had antecedently to the sale, paid
for the repackages, ; The. Broker bad inadvertently
i'nfOrrned the buyers that he did not know of any
repackages, 'and by that improvident observation,
induced,. per4ons to.. buy at a price which, under
other cirotanstattecs, .they would not havtl agreed to
givtt. .

The plaintiff was adconlingly non-suited.

CARVALA V MARTENS AND CO.

This was .an action in trover, to recover the
amount of. one hundred bags of cotton wool, con-
signed by one Gonies, a inercbant in the Brazils,
to" the plaintiff:

The ATTORNE.Y-GE' NERAL stated the case, Ir
was peculiarly hard on the plaintiff,. because he was
a young man who had just commenced business as
,a merchant. The bill of lading was then read, by
which is appeared that Louis the Captain of the
galley Dois Amigos (the Two Friends), had taken
on board the one hundred bags of cotton wool in
.question, which he engaged to deliver to the plain-
tiff, if' he were in London ; and if the plaintiff were
not in London, then to be delivered to the house of
the defendants. The goods arrived, but the defen-
dants house entered them at the Custom-house, and
afterwards sold them, though the defendants knew
that the plaintiff was then resident in London, and
that he had previously entered the goods. The plain-
tiff had called on the defendants to deliver up the
gopds, • but they had' refused ; and so anxious was
.he to keep upthe.connexion with Gomes, to whom"
the goodi .originally bQlonged, that the plaintiff
made remittances to the Brazils to the amount of
the hoodred .bags. The goods had been sold for
t 6301. igs. 2d.

Mr.-Gamtow, on the part of the defendants, con-
tended that they Were justified by the circumstances
of the ease, in • doing w hat they had done. Every
thing in the ship was. consigned to the house of
Martens and. Co. except the 1 oe'bags. Gomes was
a .Portuguese, a.cautious and suspicious man. He
might wish, to serve the young man, but ho failed
not to look to his own,interest. The goods had been
consigned to the you,.ig man, it was true, but in such
a way as to give others the power and coniroul over
the goods cosisigited,-as'il he (Goines) were present.
Genies executed .a power of attorney, directed to
three 'several houses' in-London, with instru:_tions
that that liouse should be the aitorniesiwho first et-.
hi,bitecl the. publie,instrument, he, Goitres, ta k ing es-
pecial care at the same time; that it should first get
Into the hands of Martens and Co. the defendants.
BY that instrument Gotni.:s gave them, power to'' act
despotically in every-thing that interested' his con-
cerns,7.---to,thOse-that got' the instrument to have a
supreme will over the cargq, to alter and revoke as
they pleased.; to ppoceed in courts of law as they,
should !Milk advisable; and 'o consent to all
verdicts, given in favour of Gomes ; while, on the
_contrary, they werelo, appeal kainst all those ver-
.dias which might :not be in his favour ; to have
doubts and suspieions of all persons whatever, es•
pecially of judges, and -all suspicious persons ; to
make all impediments arid 'i)hstruaions that were
not at variance with the-interest of Gorses; and in
fart to do every tilting that, might in any way tend to
the prosperity of all the concerns of Gouges, the
Portuguese. ' Such being their power, they ciu,se to
sell the goods:
Lord ELLENBOROUGII, in summing up, observed,
that the power of, attorney, which was of a more
singular construction and form than any he had ever
seen, appOinted one out of thiee houses named, to
i manage his_aflairs n' Englin4, which ever might
. first produce the instruments. • It got into the hands

'of the detenciant_s ; but Ole goods liavMg been Can-
Signed to the plaintiff's house., they could not take
the goods'out of his bands, _if he.had ekpen,dd any
Money on the accb.mt of such one htmcir'ed bags,
for that ki•onlc>F give him a lien On theproperty. hut
the plaintiff had no lien, oa-t hem for any money lad
dut, and the'detendants had, having enteredlt hem at
the-Custom-house. If the plainbif had soy 'lien of
the goods, there would be no, doeht%:as• to which
way the verdid shoUkl go, because the plaintiff
would' then -be 'entitled. There being -no.chatge, the
defendonts were justified, by the law; in _ atting jts
•they had. The defendants hag acted lawfully, though
not handsOinely. It was a very hard case on the
plaintiff; but- he, (Lord Ellenborougli), knid not an
iota of doubt on his mind . as. to the law of what he
had 'said, and as to the legality •of the defendant's
proceedings. - .
• It afterwards appearing, in -consequence: of a ques-
tion.put to a clerk in , the plainiitf's• house, that 51.
'had beep paid for entering the goods at the Custom-
house, they having been entered before the defen-
dants took possession of diem, aftd•Vlio subsequently
sold therfi, • •
- Lord EtLENBORpTIGH said; that .faa altered the
case.. - The plaintiff had a lien, it appeared; on the
goods, and, scensequcmtly was entitled. to a ‘er,licf.
The Jury rikw returned a verdia for the plaintiff
for 51.-
