P

~~~

~~ ~
t~

i

I

',. ,

nntitlin's; tn't tie .Alsemblvtesolweii that it ivo•tlLl
talc them ,d ti infp-tonsidebwi-ca an ThTiodai,.

A Secreiaty 'read a Motion 'entered by Cotint
Pcgmvnit de St. Jean d'Aneely, tien, absent, in
he demands the form,tion 'of a t.;otntnitree
to rroitnte the :Wministrative exicenses of the
•Chanthcr. Ills motion will be considered to-
ruo...rove.

EXIt.<,STI'ION OF THE MINISTY.R OF TOE
The. President atinowted, that Count Re,,nituit
de St. :lent, D'Augely requested a hearing, to
cornonn :rite, to the Chamber the exposition of
Aryister of the Interior : it was granted.
His Maje...y the EMperor, said Count Regnatilt,
cnarged those of his Ministers Who, are
"Ventbets of the Chamber of Peers to com,tomnicate
to that
_Assembly tit,: exposition of our ,ituation,
was announced to m to the .:scourse
A.tebru the throne, has con-fitkd a similar mission to
'those of Lis Thnis!ets have been elected re-
present itives of,the people. To-day, and, at the
Moment %Olen I speak, the Minister of time In-
-1 er:oiis trqding to the Chamber of Peers- the ex-
posit if), of dm:• state of-the Empire. I have been.
charged to 'communicate to you a copy thereof,
Mud shall read it, it such is the pleasure of time
thamber. The asseinbly manifested its assent.
[We can give only a feeble sketch of this Expo-
sition, the readine of which lasted nearly two
bouts ; -but we believe we can state that our
abridgment is correct.]'
. -
Count finitnlt rest:med.Among. ail the -
eu
ob-
jects of the Emperor's solieitudr, the first, after
his solemn acceptance of the constitution, has
been to make knot% n to the nation, through the
medium of its representatives, the true situation
in which it is placed. Three months have,scarce-
ly elapsed since his Majesty quitted the i•ock'to
tVhich circumstances hod for a moment batikhed
hint, in order to deliver France from the enslav-
ing yoke of a worn-out dynasty, which managed
time resources of our fine country merely for the
profit (?t foreigners:
The enthusiasm which served as an escort to ills
Majesty froM the Period of his landing, sufficiently
proved on what side lay the national Nvishcs. It
proves, that if the deposed family could ever re-
enter France-with the aid of foroigners, it would
soon be expelled anew. :Its prejudices, it 3 Cll=
gagements with the old privileged castes, are all
in n2position to the liberal ideas in which the exist-
ing generation' has beed•bred, and which can never
retrAgrade. With the ririnces of that Family; we
sbotild have seen, as iirdecd we. were mented,
with the re-api:earance of all the cruel absurdities
of feudal overnment, and the degrading slavery
of the monastic sy,tern.

11

the mean time, it is to re-establish all these
instituiions, chat they invite the foreigner itoo
o'nr Fle country but-we will never thus abandon
it ; we wii! rally around the Emperor, the pro-
-lector of !ffieral ideas—around Prince, who,
educated in the revolution, advancf‘s with •the
age in which he and wishes to extend the
kt.in;-ni-n (14 4ni!ld, iil,tead of circumscribing it.
instructed by niisiortunes, he will sec the cim-
tinerers of Austerlitz, of MArengo, and of jen'a,.
touch. anew under the colout s which so often
led them to victory, and die event will not he
donhtful.

Hotvever, his Majesty is sincerely desirous of
peace; be has done every thing to preserve it,
!Alt ii ,out inclining to listen for a moment to
hur.okating conditions, which would compromise
the honour and the dearest. interests of France.
All his ants, howevei., nave been fruitless; al-
ready-our frontiers are menaced at all points, al-
ready hostilities have- been anenced .without
any preliminary drelaration of war, and there
seems to remain n'o other resource for the main-
tenance of our independence but an appeal to

arms.
• It the Emperor were less fortified by the in-
berent-strength of his character, he mig lit fear
ttk.o rocks. There has been talk of a Royalist
Party and a Republican Party, alike enewics of
(.overninent. But the former has not known
"how.to defend the Prince; the object of its affection,
for whom it pretended a williagness to die ; it
is far from'fortnidalk.:: As to the Republicans,
ecr)zcrted ftom old errors, of Which cruel expe-
rience made them feel too severely the fatal el-
leas, they see in the Emperor only the protector
of the liber.d ideas which they 'have at all times
'themselves profc:ised, and ‘vltich excesses "alone
loiv prevented them from hithertoseeing_roalized.
Tue time bas been too short to give to the na-
tion'al cOnsii:atioat all the pei feetitin which it
was sus.centihle ; but the. E7operor, towards the
a&oinpli,hment-of this cssential work, reckons on
the. intelligence and patriotism of thv two Chain-
'tiers. The ntrations fir war have prevented
biln.from giving. to it himself all the attention
which he cto hay...lrished ; but the French ter-
ritory was threatened. The national character,
• tvhich essentially rjects evEry idea of contpiest;
should have b-en a SitakiCut guarantee to ail the
• potvefs of Edrope against the invasion. which they
seem so much to tear at present .; hut that fear is
otelv a vain pretext to coVer their anihif
That ainbition is sufficientlY detnonstvated by
the senseless deelarlulons 'of. the Congress of
Vienna, by the ass.emblag'es on-onr frontiei.s, by
bosiflities eiimmene,ed in fail i,eace, by I.tudiligs
effected on our criaPs in Order to encourage civil
tear, aunt, in fine,' by the refits:art° Ikten to anv
propt)sal for the' inaintenance of peace. All these
circumstances. inu:t give it precise idea of the jus-
tice and modera!ion of, our : it is the
same. as in 179'2, 'when the Diihe of Brunsiviek
iinldished the famOns majli f:•st o, of which the in-
t
solent in et nisions Converted the French init) a
nat.on or soiffiers.

nepresunt;:ttyes cif the nation, ymi hitow the
Fr„,ch peopie,cs,,entiaily gout! Httd gell6rOtrs,
,hvdv, ready 10 CpUtribillC t 6 tlie Wants of the
ttonutry, pri)vided the vvhole extent of these wants
be littly wade latown to thew. you have al
ready assumed that wise and impoing attitude
is tine lst St 1:,131014:;: of .010 Lberty and
iild.qictidence and you have a right to. kupw,
Wittivut the least diz,L;nise, the state of our wants
-bud- regonfees. . .

.
. he iormer ore (lord); fess great, but sufficient
exi.“ ko provide ::!r thew Nvithout oppress-
il!g the pe,:ph• ottfl with the eliciTl y,..)
share anti the people who elected you, we shait

te.tettalii oi'repctlidlg tL most ulilifstaggresion
against an independent people, of which the !lON-
tical annals of cabinets ever pi d:set-Veal the
recolledtiOn. 1 Ism charged to ritesettt tb...yott,tht
following details on our interim! situation
ColimustEs.--Under tils bead Count Rt:gitatilt
stated[ that the cumistcihal administrations had
begs) almost totally abandoned tinder the Gmenn;
ment of the IlOttrhoni ; that the communal funds
•to essential to,the Of troops, the equip-
ment of the national ginirdi &c. had been dilapi-
dated b); the jOurnies of the Princes, by
,the re-
storation of woods to emigrants; and by litany
other malversation3; but that the Emperor.wds
taking pains to restore order in this important
branch of internal administratid;n.
HostnTsm.—Thes'e asylums of suffering buttia-
nity had at all times excited the solicitude of the
Emperor. At the Connbencement of 1814, these
establishments had been. exposed to considerable
additional expellees from the number of sick and
wounded soldiers. IJuder the late Government,
however, they Were on the point of losing one
Of their principal resources, by the restitution of
property of emigrants, with which they had been
endowed by solemn laws. The Emperor had re-
stored it to them.
He had also doubled: tine funds of the Maternal
Society which he founded, which, on this account
alone, was •neglected, and of vyhich the august
protectress is invited 'back by the wishes of all
Frenchmen.
The depOts of mendicityl created also by the Em-
pelor, were equally. abandoned ; but these esta-
blishments were about to resume new activity.—
The hospitals in the departments invaded by the
enemy had. considerably suffered, •bilt. they were
already re-established. .
kVo).ms.--Under this head Count P.eg,nault enu-
merated the great monuments founded or ordered
by his Majesty ; they should be Obtinued, though
they were seen suspended even in time of-peace ;
but they should in future .be 'exclusively reserved
for France, and if existing circumstances did. not;
permit them to receive that exent which were to
be wished, they Should soon be accelerated by the
arms for
which would be no longer necessary. the.
defence of the country.
WORKS AT PARIS.—The Minister here gave an •
account of the various constructiOns which have
been commenced in the capital, and which should
be continued.'
Mmes.—This bead presented nothing remark-.
able.

AIANUFA CTU RES. Count Regnault ,here
justice to the superiority of onr manufactures,
which all the merchants of Europe could attest
front the experience furnisha them by the short
time (luring which it had been in their power to
trade with us. Ile saw, like erctly Statesman;
that France, at once agricultural And manufac-
turing„ could alone dispense with the assistance
of its neighbours, am! that a liberal Government
could not fail to give all possible spring to na-
tional industry, formerly compressed by Gothic
prejudices.

He announced that various new manufactures
h.tt been improved, a;!d others introduced ; that
the ►uanufacture of sugar from the beet-root, io
spite of -all the efforts made to destroy it, pro-
raised shortly to render Europe independent of
the New World for that article ; that the indigo
of woad, without having reached the same per-
fection, already rivalled that of India; and that,
in fine, a number of useful discoveries presented
new sources of national prosperity.
CommEncr..—The report expressed nothing but
hope upon this article, and by the absurd ambi-
tion of Sovereigns all the nations of Europe are
placed in the same condition.

I NsTRUCTION.—Under this title the Minister
exhibited all the. vicissitudes to which the corps
of teachers had been subjected. Tfle result of
khe inquiry shewed that the number both of col-
leges and -scholnrs had been diminished, but that
the University oki Paris still numbered 'under its
direction 325,55.1 pupils, and that the Lyceums,
. stimulated by the new encouragement of the Em-
peror, displayed the best spirit.
PUBLIC IVoßsnly.—ln speaking of the Clergy,
the Minister did not attempt to disguise the er-
rors they committed under the last (4overnment,
in'giving way, from the-lure of a
,restitution of
church property, to the influence
.of emigrants,
in stigmatizing as plunderers the ,Owners of nar
'tional property., whose titles had beet' 'recognised
as legitiniate by the Pope himself, and., in at-
tempting, ,in the name of the Alinighty, whose
servants they are, to light up civil war among
men. The Emperor, .however, was always- dis-
posed to protect, and even favour the Ministers of
the Church,' so long as they confined themselves
within the bounds of their duty, and had already
couterred on the curates•an auOnentation of 150
franks, which hail been vainly promised io them
by the last Glivernment. The Emperor was, be-
.

s;cles, tie only So7;:reign who, having no further
interests to arrange with the Pope, had it•in his

. .
potrer to put an end to those interminable Dego_
ciatious, conmeneed by the last Governnieut with
the Court of Rome, and to re-establish, upon the
basis of the Concord.at, the liberties of the tiatlioan
Church. .

J uRI sr 'lt DEN pi! article of the report was
exti-einely short. The Minister merely stated, that
those judges who felt theinseli,es 'unworthy
of tlfeir huctions, had done justice by abdicating
their ofEes; and that as far as respected the ad-
tninistrntion of the Criminal Lie, the establish-

Went. of the trial by Jury every day merited new
ayprobaticu but, that in the mean time, some
organieal institutions were necessary to regulate
duties and .ditnin,sit the labours of those judi-
cial citizrus.
~itfi

WAR DEPARTMENT.—It tray ,absolutely
impossible to follow ;W. le Conat IZegnaall
;!ii.ough ail the details which he faraished 011 this

important topic.

The result is, that ou theist of

_ .
April, 1814, the army consisted of 450,000 men,
exclusive of 150,000 prisoners, all veteran sol-
diers, and of 115,000 conscripts of the levy.of
1815, of which 45,000 only, out of. L 60,090,
had
been raised. The last Government", at once pro-
digal and avaricious, alarmed at its otvn strength,
and essentially.hostilelo the army, had taken every
possible means of diminishing, it.'
The Orator then described the various oppres-
sions- to which the army had been exposed, par-
ticularly by tlit: introduction. of the emigrants, and
