NAVAL NEWS.

'LYmotiTH, AUG. 5.-A schooner cartel, corn-
Illancied by
.Captain DEAN, sailed fromhence last
ebeni"g fOr Morlaix, with Mr. MTEA, an Arne-
i)can gentleman, charged with dispatches from Mr.
• iIIc4NEY. the American Minister, to Gen. ARM-
ETR',
""G, at Paris.
AAlso sailed the Adrian fired cutter, with the
°rluguese Brazil-ship Maira •Santiago, IGNATIO
1111 R. TB DE ULIVERA, niaAter, under convoy for
he river; his MAjesty's ship Espiegle to the West-
ard; and the Constant gun-brig for the Drench

VOaSt.

Majesty's ship sheerly. takes convoy to the
4z,ailward.
Arrlved his Majesty's ship President, from Ports-
mouth ; and a Spanish lugger from Corunria.
Carlo down the harbOur, arid anchored in the
oJund.iiistvl~jrs►y,'s ship Sybilie.

r'ALNIOUTH, AUG. 4.--!Arriyed this evening the
g Eliza, CONTEAU; and the schooner `Admiral
B"liurez, trOm Malta, and were put win quarantine;
Parted wilb the tib.aot-.44) aaii, off ihp harbour,
UuJ• •er convoy of his Majesty's brig Llvuz,,,,ancl are
&cane Up channel. •

Also arrived this day` the Princess Mary packet,
P°;°cit, wan Mails from New York, 23 days pas-
6age ; she has also brought piiatches which arc
&aid
to so important, that she was ordered not to
call ot,i-iatitax. Report states, that the Americans,
determined on deciaring war Egainst France,
acon:lu'an
itiis nut irridrobable but that these Dispatches
that unportant fact. The Russian Am-
udssdnor,, Cuunt PAHLER; had arrived, with his Se-
cretaryot Le'
ation, arc. at Washington, and had
puwie presentaition.—Mr..TA4SON wai to set off
°n day the 'packet tailed, on a tour to the Falls
'if Niagara. The Lhestei field packet was at New.;
York when the Princess Mali/ hailed.
Yesterday put back his Majesty's brig Zenobia,
sailed on Wednesday laSt with 5 transports
tor Lisbon.

Arrived the Wolverine br pf war with 18'
of transports for Cadiz aid Lisbon, from

SEIRERNEss, AUG. Majesty's ship Lalona
was paid bounty and two monthd adVapce, and made
a. signal for a convoy to the Westward.
his Mdiesty's brig-, Snipe has *made the convoy
Sig:ial for thel3iltic.
Arrived Ilia Majesty's"), ig Zephyr.

tEAL, AUG. 6.—Sailed the Prospero bomb on a
off the Scheldt.
Arrived a f-wships fr.om the River and remain.

PottTsmobirn, Auo. 6.—Arrived his Majesty's
IhiPlViobe from a cruize off ilavre ; the Diana fri-
ate from Lisbon ; the -Osprey sloop of war with a
'OO.Y of about 40 sail trom the Downs.
Sailed his Majesty's ships Donegal and Conquesta-
') Of, 74 guns, and the Coquette sloop of war for
ff Olierbour,b•
lii,:Majesty's ship Mutine, which arrived yester-
-44'3'. brouht over fromth Monte Video a Pentleman,
AinbasgsadOr from e Spanish Colonists.

.
/2,0 r Readers w ill. find in the subsequent columns,
4°llle interesting details ' respecting the Revolution
kvi • ,
itch has t:iken place atßuenos• Ayres. It 'appears,
how
-ever, from two letters published in the Spanish
V",
•„,. ersi the one from the Archbishop Viceroy of
41e/tico to General \TEN EGA'S, and the other from
tile
Consulado of Mexico to the Governor-of Cadiz,
11(1 President of iiie Junta of Government, . that the
iliii
Aoltants of that part of Spanish South America
re determined to pr :set ve; by all possible' means;
t
he
.union between New and Ohl Spain.

P'
L„r Ivate letters received yesterday from St. Peters-
-I,ol' Qtm., the under Amei.icin co-
rs, which hid arrived there os!ensitily: from Te-
•co,tise, 'ladenwith colonial produce, had been all
r`t'llscatecl. The same letters likewise speak of a
ferment among the ptople of ISt. Pe:ersburgh.
'At Additional
than'
packets are to be established to carry
than' from Falmouth to Surinam, Berbice, and De-
'ra, and to rot urri by Barbados and Martinique.
e Jamaica' packers will in future call at CUracoa,
viiitheir out ward piosage. This new arrangement
e%t rtquire thrce pew packets io. be added to the
quiishthent ai Falmouth.-
General Court-martial was held yesterday.at
2,selsta Colleie, on Captain BRO'WN and
, Lieutenant
ktellE, 01 the East London Militia, on charges
of-Pred against them by Sir JOHN EAMEII, Colonel
b I t ile.,, .
iotent The Charges against Captain.
rt,.stesl4l,l WebieList•, For being absent without leave,
i the it ti.ini,tit • 2,1, For unolaer-like condueq,
tizit7 "s93g placard to be printed and circulated,
lig that lie wa3, inclose arrest at a tavern in
Lr 14,--strttel, for being 'so ansent, where he would
to receive the advice of tits friends.• The
Vyt,:ge against Lieutenant Z.,vcriu was for having
/34;:en- the placard. The evidence'against Captain
LigW4 WaS closed yesterday, and he was heard in
4‘icelence. The Court sits th.s dayon the charge
Lient. ZUUCLig.

~~b

PllkEll§,

New-Yonx. JULY 10.—We understand the Bri-
tish brig Avon, 'of 18. guns, has arrived at New-
castle;* hat ing dispatches and a large ium of money
on board for the Spanish Minister. It is said the
money was originally shipped *on, board a Spanish
merchant vessel, which sailed from Vera Cruz un-
der convoy of the Avon, but having met with a
storm at sea, in which Otte of her masts went by the
hoard, and experienced other damage, she was
obliged to shift the money,on board of the brig to,be
brought to this port, while she put into the Ha-
vannah in distress. Under these peculiar circum-
stances the brig has arrived, but it is said has been
refused permission to lad the money, on account
of 'the lave prohibiting British and French armed
vessels from entering out- waters, except in •case of
distress, or with dispatches. This, however, is'one
those novel cases, which we can haidly suppose was
meant to be comprehended by the law of exclusion ;
and, no doubt, permission to land the money will be,
granted by the Secretary of the Treasury. , -
An error committed by the Axecutive of theVnited
States..,-The repreSentatives of the French Covern-
meat in this conn try have made known, hrough their
organ, the Aurora,. that the laws of the land have
been violated,and the dignity and honour at the,Go-

vernment insured, by the arrival in the Delaware'of

the British armed brig the AVon. This vessel, it
seems, came into our waters with a large surn
money consigned to different persons in the United.
States. The money was saved from a Spanish ve.sel.
bound from. Havannah to Philadelphia,' which was
likely to founder at sea. As', saving money for the
purpose .of restoring it tolts just owners is a thing tn..
•ter.ly repugnant to the principles and. praetice.of the
French Government; all the papers in the employ of
that Government have bten Violent in their denun-
ciation of the officers of the Avon and of their con-
t, and in their calls Upon the Executive to execute
the vengeance of the law upon these "violators of our
rights, and insulters of our revenue officers.

Notwithstanding ftese plain and 'unequivocal in-
dications of the will and • pleagtre of the represen-
tail% es of hi, Imperial and RoyahMajeSty, our Eye-,
culive have bad the effrontery to disregard those in-
dications, and.have -even: gone so far as to grant a
special permission 'to the Avon to make entry and
)and the treasure of which she had taken charge.
After such gross Contumely, the Executive Officers
of our Government ought to be prepared for every
kind of abuse and insult from tie French papers,
which they have been in the habit of fostering.—
U. S. Gaz.

NORFOLK, JLTNE.22.--,-Arrived on the lgth inst.
in Hampton Roads, the French privateer Revench
du col, Copt-BONNB, of tour guns and 50 men.-=—
The account given by the master of this privateer is;
that she'saiied from Charlestonon the 28th of April,
bound to France—that having experienced a severe
gale of wind, which Occasioned' the vessel to strain
and leak very much, and having lost some spars, it
became necessary to make tbr a portof safety, which
as this was the nearest, she put into this port for re-
fitment. The Master. reports sixty packages of dry
goods on board, which, he says, lie took. out of a
Spanish vessel at sea.

This is a very fair story, which. those who please
may believe. This is the same privateer which
fired on a coasting vessel .going into Charleston, and
by which a passenger was wounded. As we under-
stand.,
that a 'stria investigation is, making
.by the
Colledor and Commodore Rogers, we shall offer no
remarks upon the subjea at present, nor state the
reports, which are in circulation:

NEW-YORK, JULY 7.—We have keen ,informed
that the administration co:,ceiv,! trey 'afe authorised
by law to take aelive -and efficient measures against
France, without the intervention of Congress; and
that the Attorney-General is every day expe6ted
here,jwhose opinion is to be received on the subjea.
If the administration are clear. in • their 'supposed
authority, the sanBion of Mr. RODNEY'S opinion is
desirable, not, we presume, from its value, but for
the sake of appearances.—lnd. Am.

"There is no alteration in the pride of Bread, the
Quarter!' Loaf continues at is. sd.
It was hardly to be supposed that any additional
proof of the yranny BUONAP,ARTE could be
wanting to shew the wretched slavery which the
people of France are obliged to endure under his iron
yoke; but the circumstance of ordering a centinel to
accompany every fislitvg-boat evinces that his op-
pression is as minute as costnpreliensive, and in di-
realing that there shall be but one bed on board,
and that the limitation of, tine which each vessel
shall be out, whether it have been successful or not,
shews that he is as mean as lie is atrociuus. Such
is the fruit of regicide, and of a wild dearuaion of
every thing venerable end just, in a v.tia attempt to
possess a state of liberty.i.Jral and impracticable !
A strawberry was plucked a few days,ago, in Mt.
Geldar's garden, at Paradise, in Swaledale, near
itichmond, in Yorkshire, which measured one way
six inches and a quarter, and the ottier five inches, in
circumference. It weighed oud ounce.
