DEFEAT OF DON CARLOS.

EXPRESS FROM FALMOUTH.
(From the Third Edition of' the Times.)
By the arrival of the Hope frigate at Falmouth, on
Monday, we have received the following communica-
tion from our private correspondent at Santander :
POI3,TUGALETTE, ENTRANCE OF THE HARBOUR
OF BILBOA, Sept. 6, 1835, Sunday noon.
This is now an interesting moment at this town, where
4,500 of the British Legion and about 1,000 Spanish troops
are collected, and in the neighbourhood of which the fac-
tious have been prowling during several days, and even last
night shots were exchanged between the pickets stationed
in various places.
General Evans and his staff arrived last night, and
now the report is current, and it is even asserted as offi-
cial, that the factious have fled from the frontiers along
the river, and that they have broken down the bridge,
Which cost them so much trouble to form across the river ;
and that, moreover, they have quitted the fort, which
they had constructed, of the convent of St. Maimes,
which commanded the river, and from which they
latterly so much annoyed the British man-of-war boats on
Passing up and down. The flight of this considerable corps
of the factious, on the night after the arrival of General
Evans in Portugalette, is regarded by the soldiers as a goad
omen. The cause is said to be the coming into the neigh-
bourhood of Yriarte, at the head of a considerable forge, in
order to: co-operate with General Evans, by which move-
ment the factions feared that they might be surrounded.
They therefore fled. I have just met Colonel Tupper, at
the head of 200 of the 6th or Scotch Regiment, sallying
Tit, in great spirits, to drive off from the surrounding hills
the Prowlers—whose shots. we have seen and heard during
the night and part of this morning. Colonel Considine,
the General's military secretary, has gone out with them.
The Scotch regiments, whose quarters are stationed in
some houses on the sands on the other side of the river,
have .had some skirmishes, under the command of their
Colonel, with parties of the factious, in one of which a
Sergeant distinguished himself by hitting in the leg with a
whole of
lez,:der of the factious, who limped off with the
hole
of his 1; arty in double quick time. As the factious
fire at a long distance, the necessity of rifles and good
Marksmen has become evident. Some few of the Irish
were seduced yesterda; and the day before, by promises of
wine &c., to go a little distance out of the town, when
they were seized. One of" them was stated to have been
shot yesterday by the Carlists.-
Colonel Wvlde arrived here b y the steam boat, the Reina
Gobernadora, under the command of Captain Liot. There
IS great difficulty at certain hours of the tide in passing the
Bar, and last night, at 10 o'clock, when General Evans, with
his Secretary and several of his Staff, as well as Colonel
Wylde, were proceeding from the steam-boat, the boat was
nearly swamped on the Bar, but the activity of the British
Sailors belonging to the Reina Gobernadora, and the pre-
sence of mind of the Captain, saved the party. The soldiers
who came
this
eame in the steam boat were obliged to remain on board
morning. Colonel Wylde is now on board the
Yacht of Mr. Heneage, M.P. for Lincoln, which lies close
to Portugalete.
The Isabel IL, the other Spanish steam-boat, under the
e,ernroand of Captain Henry, having repaired her engine in
I)antander, arrived here yesterday morning, and set out in
the afternoon for St. Sebastian, in order to convey hither
(to-morrow) General Alava and the last of the British sol-
ders, as well as some Spanish troops, together with artillery
in that place. A large French Government' steam-boat,
de 'Pbare, which yesterday brought 400 of the British sol-
▪ s from St. Sebastian, started' for that port this morning,
10 order to assist the Reina Gobernadora.
anThere is a report ;urrent, but on which as yet no reli-
eer eau be placed, that it is intended, as soon as Bilboa is
berated from the blockade, and placed as well as the river
beyond all risks of being again assailed by the Carlists,
to
send the British Legion towards Vittoria, a movement
which many of the officers desire.
The outrage committed on the Bzitish sailors belonging
tO the Royalist British brig of war, has engaged much at-
-I°l4'oll here. The details are as follow' :—Lord J. Hay,
Ping arrived on Wednesday, sent a boat belonging to the
eigd4ve up the river to communicate with the Royalist,
2eutenant Pike, and the boat's crew were stopped by the
tiZists, forced to come ashore, their swords and muskets
treated
from them, their papers seized, and themselves
with insults, although the British flag was flying in
„t
• boat, and that it was well known they belonged to the
British man-of-war. Lieut. Barlow, commander of the
li
°Ye/44 on seeiag that proceeding, armed two of his boats,
and got into one and sent the acting master into the other ;
Inda,l,though the factions had forbidden his passing, he said
that
his duty obliged him: to communicate with his superior
b'meer, and that the woui'd do so at all risks. As the
oats passed down, a large pa:ty of the Carlists, belonging
(the corps under the command of Castor, continued run-,
ring along the banks for a mile ant. a half, and firing on
them' The two or
consequence was,.
the crew of the
• Yokst were d two others mortar iv wounded, and
three others hat pierced
seriously so ; the master had
Ls fore-
`w° balls, one of which left a large bump 1:11.
theadt'Jnd besides received a wound in the hindt:r part of
de;"igh• Lieutenant Barlow, to whom the marine,: made
oac'rmined resistance, and even shot two of the assailants,
b.._ wounded others, luckily escaped unhurt, although .it
bs.at first stated that he had been wounded. The gal-
sttldisPlayed in the courageous discharge of his duty
naritt4loed the applause of all the sailors, who are indig7
4i04 this outrage and the murder of their compa-
Lnksi' and desirous of taking revenge on the Carlists.
Prot,.!°llo Hay instantly sent a Lieutenant with a
Which against it to the head quarters of the Carlists, upon
and- ' usual, they `A*l disclaimed all participation in it,
whi Leven offered to have the officer in command shot ;
ter e"' it is clear, could not be effected in the case of Cas-
iusicin.ne of their principal chiefs. Maroto, the General-
oarnief has sent two letters to inquire if England had de-
clared
dlvar against Don Carlos, of which Lord J. Hay took
Wa-euce, other than to state that the whole of the affair
1„0:1 under the consideration of the British Government.
itite_r of the British sailors have since, by permission, been
San Maimes.
in the British burial ground, above the bridge of
an maitnes.
The 4 1
tel are from all sides directed up the river,
fro• n,n; soldiers are seen running down the high hill called,:
it ie `le s,gnal houses on the top, that of the " Banderas,
Lea'rdealeu3nted here that the Governor of Bilboa, having
nf the (light of the Carlists, has sent out troops to
4• 1:
the eount.7 in that direction.
sa_l:be steam-boat Reina
Gobernadora
is about to start for
Aiudtauder with Captain Herman, one of the General's
44,41e-de:Camps, on board, in order to have more troops,
„,enition, and artillery brought hither ; and I am obliged
It:iose this letter, in order to send it by that conveyance.
on enc
dlose an order of the day, issued at St. Sebastian
Priay.
SANTANDER, TUESDAY MORNING, SEPT. 8.
l'he friends ''of good government in this city are now
th!nl,, pleased at the news which arrived here yesterday of
...feat of Don Carlos at Los Arcos on the 2nd instant.
4)11f e u efollowing is a translation of the Bulletin Extraordinary
theev. Province of Burgos, published in 'that city on the
ening of Thursday last.
41 GENERAL COMMAND OF THE PROVINCE.
OFFICIAL ARTICLE.
" Lieutenant-Colone) of the Staff of the Army of
e
_nu North, Don Juan Manual Alva, who has passed en
trcee through this city for Madrid, at seven o'clock, has
gk n the following intelligence :
tvfv
ieri
large as
`a..A.t seven o'clock in the morning of the 2d, when Ge-
preparing to move towards Sesma or Alla,
fizebbe occupiedclovnit‘h•oy of grain from Los Arcos, which
twelve battalions, 400 cavalry and
,of c, 1 atterY, the enemy presentedthemselves on the heights
WaaiodsalGtroeogkoruiopand their immediate neighbourhood. Gen.
a position, and within a short tire? the fire
beyun by the Tiralleurs, and at eleven o'clock it be-
-I‘.4,4retnee general ; the rebel cavalry, which presented itself
tr
tnes, was attacked, and all their squadrons routed
or the°l3l3i of her Majesty. A squadron of the Lancers
the Guard 'charged three squadrons of the enemy. The
reevseten g Was
uni'ltzlo
of
13ea
this action, which lasted until five o'clock in the
, that the forces of the rebels were completely
to 14 "d
pursued as far as Borrueza. They amounted
Den battalions
and 500 cavalry, under the command of
Carlos in person. They left in the power of the

victors 150 prisoners, six of whom were officers. They
lost, besides, from 160 to 180 killed, and 400 wounded, as

calculated by the inhabitants of the neighbouring villages
who saw them carried off the field. A quantity of horses,
lances, muskets, &c., remain in the hands of the troops of
her Majesty. The army has lost 120 wounded, and a pro-
portional number of killed.
" The Commandant-General,
" RAFAEL de CEVALLOS ESCALERA.
" Burgos, Sept. 3."
This news has raised the hopes of the Queen's adhe-
rents ; and, as it is conjectured, was known to the Car-
lists when they fled from Bilboa and its vicinity on the
morning of Sunday last. The whole of the Carlists
are now stated to have gone to their strong hold in the
Amescoas.

There is, as it is further said, a great division among
the leaders and chiefs of the Carlists, which accounts for
the command having been taken by Don Carlos himself,
who is otherwise an ignorant General. Money is, more-
over, stated to be wanting, the result of which is, that the
heavy impositions levied on his adherents in the rebel dis-
tricts have forced many of them to abandon their country
and the cause of Don Carlos.

The steam-boat Fingal arrived here yesterday with 400
of the 10th or Irish regiment, raised in the south of Ire-
land : this boat started on Wednesday from Cork. It
would, as it is asserted, be a considerable convenience to
the service if some arrangement was made in the policies of
insurance effected on those vessels, which would allow them
to take a cargo to Portugalette or St. Sebastian, which
many of them now refuse, in order not to affect their in-
surances.

The news of the important province of Galicia having
broken out in the same manner as Arragon, Catalonia, and
Valencia, has reached this city. I enclose a copy of the
address which they have made to the Queen Regent. It
is important as being signed by the Corporation, some of
the wealthiest, most respectable, and influential inhabitants
of Corunna.

It is asserted that the province of Asturias, and in par-
ticular its capital Oviedo, has agreed to a similar petition.
This is the province to which Count Toreno the Prime
Minister belongs, and as it is believed by some politicians,
he is not averse to the general movement of the provinces,
in order to show to Europe the spirit which animates all
Spain, and which, while it is favourable to liberty, is strong
in maintaining the throne of Isabel 11.
In Santander, on Sunday, some few of the lowest classes,
exhibited a wish to proclaim " the old constitution," but a
few patrols of the authorities prevented all disturbances.
Out of the 1,200 Urban Militiamen, there is not a dozen
of that party. _

The newspapers publish an account of the capture in the
convent of Cogulludo of Merino the notorious Cura.
The steam-boat Reina Gobernadora proceeds this even-
ing with 450 of the 9th Regiment to Portugalette.

TUESDAY, 2 O'CLOCK.

A Spanish gun-boat has' arrived from Portugalette,
which place it left on Sunday night, bringing intelligence
that Count Mirasol had come out on Sunday afternoon, to
meet Lieutenant-General Evans and the legion, which,
on that evening had left Portugalette for Bilboa.

Lord John Hay and Colonel Wylde have left Portu-
galette for Bilboa.
Thus is the most commercial 'town of the Basque pro-
vinces wholly free from the attacks of the factious ; for they
do not expect to renew their siege or blockade in the presence
of the British legion, whose coming has animated the Spa-
nish soldiers in the highest degree.

" GENERAL ORDER."

" Head Quarters of the Legion, San Sebastian,
September 4, 1835.

" Serjeant M'lntosh of the Grenadiers of the Ist Regi-
ment is promoted to an Ensigncy in the 3d Regiment, on
account of gallantry in action and steadiness of general
conduct. The Lieutenant-General has peculiar pleasure
in making this promotion.
" It is but one of numerous similar appointments which
he knows the generous zeal and courage of the legion will
enable him to make. The Lieutenant-General knows no
distinctions between privates, officers, and non-commissioned
officers of this legion, excepting in so far as the valour and
propriety of conduct of each individual in his respective
class shall point out as just to be made. Nor shall even
the want of education debar him from advancing natural
ability and decided good conduct.
" The British soldier, whether private, non-commissioned
officer or subaltern, is considered throughout the world
to possess the highest and noblest degree of intrepidity.
Why, then, should he be left for ever at the bottom
of the scale, or be denied the same objects of hope and am-
bition which inspire the superior officers ? Why should
the man who cheerfully goes forward, offering all that he
has, his life and strength, on the altar of his duty, be de-
prived of those proofs of that conduct ? Such, at least,
shall not be the case in the force under the orders of the
Lieutenant-General.

" All officers, therefore, in command of corps, regiments,
or detachments of the legion, will, after every action, make
a special Report of all of every class whose conduct may
have appeared to have deserved approbation, and this order
will be read and explained twice at the head of every regi-
ment and company in this service.
" By Command of the Lieutenant-General,
«I. J. LE MARCHANT, Adjutant-General."

EXTRAORDINARY MURDER ON

THE HIGH SEAS.

We have, says the Liverpool Standard, been favoured,
by the Messrs. Heyworth and,Co., of Liverpool, with the
following particulars of a murder committed on board one
of their ships while pursuing her voyage off the coast of
Java :

MESSRS. IIEYWORTI; AND CO., LIVERPOOL, PER DORTENAAR.
Batavia, 18th April, 1835.
Dear Sirs,—We beg to confirm our respects of 11th
instant, and we have now the palZul task to inform you of
a murderous attack made upon the crew" of your good ship
Rossendale, by which two men lost their liven,
and one was
severely wounded. For particulars we refer you tothe en-
closed copy of Captain Ware's letter to us, and of -;.::.e
statement of the whole occurrence testified by the ship's
company.
PITCAIRN, SYME, and Co.

(Copy.)
MESSRS. PITCAIRN, SYME, AND CO., BATAIVA.
Barque Rossendale, off North Coast Java,
April 9th, 1835.
Gentlemen,—As we have fallen in with the Dutch
ship Netherlands, King, bound to your port, I have to in-
form you, that on the 4th instant, about eleven o'clock
p.m., an Arab ship, which sailed with us from the Straits
of Madeira bound to Batavia, came so close to us that
with some difficulty we cleared, but one of his crew, a
Malay, got on board by climbing up the ropes forward.
He implored mercy, and begged to be allowed to remain
on board, which we could not well avoid, as the ship had
separated.
On the 6th in the morning, about two o'clock, we were
thrown in consternation by hearing the crew running aft,
and calling out that " the Malay was stabbing the crew."
One man had received three wounds in the arm, and two
boys lying lifeless, one having his throat cut in a most
dreadful manner, and the other stabbed to the heart. The
fellow, finding that the crew were on the alert, threw him-
self into the sea, but no vessel was near, and the ship 80
miles from land. We cannot imagine what could induce
the murderer to commit such an horrible deed, as he had
been treated with the greatest kindness by the whole crew.
I remain, Gentlemen, your most obedient servant,
JOHN WARE.

AWFULLY SUDDEN DEA T Hs.—Three remarkably
sudden deaths have occurred in the town and neighbour-
hood of Portadown in the course of last week. The first
case was that of a woman ; she was in town on Saturday,
and, although previously in the enjoyment of good health,
suddenly dropped down in the street and expired. A man
was in the act of showing to a neighbour a, pair of shoes he
had purchased on the previous day, when he bent forward
on his seat and died instantaneously. The circumstanAPP
attending the sudden death of the third individual are as
yet involved in mystery—so much so that, until the circum-
stances be publicly investigated, we consider it unsafe to
give further currency to the extraordinary reports that have
bead pirculated on the subject. The deceased was a pen-
sioner, namiecl Turfey, and resided in Breagh, near Porta-
do w n .—;l.lre tory reiegrge.
LiYgttPPPfi CPTT9*.-NALUFT, SEPT.I4.—We
have hia rather more business tkeixig q(nlp epqpn-market
'fl to-day,o §iples are abut 3,00 p ba es t Saturday's
prices, and, if any thing/ there is more firmness in the
American,
from The business done is pri4cipally in
from 74d., for rubbish, up to I l id. ;. a few for export 300
on speculation.

THE SUN, LONDON, WEDNESDAY. PTEMBER 16, 1835.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

DONCASTER RACES.

Doncaster, Monday Night.
During the last twenty-four hours the town has received a
large accession of visitors. All the principal lodgings.are let,
the list of subscribers to the betting-rooms exceeds the average,
and the number of tickets sold for the grand stand is greater
than for several years past. Every thing, in fact, bids fair to
realize our prognostications. The ball this evening was bril-
liantly attended, and the performances of Mr. Hammond's ex-
cellent company attrasted a full house to the theatre. The
sport was not quite so good or so abundant as might have been
expected from the list, two races having gone off, and the
others furnished indifferent fields, a circumstance of general
occurrence this year, in consequence of so many horses having
fallen amiss from the hardness of the ground. The show of
fashionables comprehended—
Dukes—Cleveland, Leeds, &c.
Count Matuszevic, &c.

Lords— Mexborough,Wilton, G. Bentinck, Kilburne, Ches-
terfield and Countess, Scarborough, Spencer, W. Lennox,
Lady Hastings, &c.
Sirs—L. Glyn, J. Boswell, J. Beresford, T. Sykes, M.
Sykes, M. Wood, T. Whichcote, A. Clifton, &c.
Honourables—W. Lascelles, Mostyn, M. Mostyn, De Roos,
H. Browne, G. Anson and Lady, &c. '
Generals—Sharpe, Travers, &c.
Colonels—Peel, Hancox, Ferguson, Hildyard, Thompson,
Kennedy, Lyster, Cradock, French,Wainman, Richardson, &c.
Majors—Yarburgh, Tempest, Hancock, &c.
Captains—M. Sutton, Fairlie, Ricardo, Gardnor, Hunter,
Glover, Smith, Macnamara, Ponsonby, Browne, Jones, Taylor,
Adams, Lang, Wyvill, &c.
Messieurs—Cookes, M.P., C. Wilson, Payne, Stonehewer,
Irby, Greville. G. Walker, W. Payne, White, S. Fox, Cot.•
trell, E. Denison, Clive, Vyner, Gascoigne, Fouilis, Bowes,
M. P., J. Peel, F. Craven, Etwall, M.P., Ley, Fleetwood,
Worrall, Gratwicke, Chaytor, Vansittart, F. Lumley, F.
Mills, &c.

His Royal Highness the Duke de Nemours arrived about six
o'clock this evening, accompanied by General Baudrand, &c.
The following is a retuan of the afternoon's sport :
The Fitzwilliam Stakes of 10 sovs. each, with 20 added by the Cor-
poration. Mile and a half. 4 subs.
Lord Egrement's Nonsense, 5 yrs, Bst. 121 b Natt 1
_ Mr. Marson's bl. c. Louden, 4 yrs, Bst. 51b............ 2

Betting-4 to lon Nonsense, who, after playing off a few
of his usual antics, took the lead at a good pace, kept it
throughout, and won in a canter by four or five lengths.

The Champagne Stakes of 50 sovs. each, h. ft., for two yrs. old;
colts, Bst. 51b. ; fillies, Bst. 31b. The winner to give six dozen
of Champagne to the Club. 29 subs.
Mr. Orde's b. f. Bee's-wing Cartwright 1
Mr. Dawson's br. f. Fair Jane, by Jerry 2
Major Yarburgh's b. c. St. Lawrence 3
Mr. Watts's b. f. by Lottery
The following also started, but were not placed :
Mr. Armitage's ch. c. by Velocipede, out of Miss Garforth
Mr. Houldsworth's b. c. Luther
Duke of Leeds's b. c. by Jericho, by Jerry
Betting-11 to 8 agst St. Laurence (taken), and 2to 1 agst
Fair Jane (taken). One or two little bets of 6to 1 were
made about Bee's-wing, but she can scarcely be quoted as having
been in the market. Without any thing like a false start they
got off nearly abreast, and continued so at a good pace till just
within the distance, where Bee's-wing quitted her horses, had
the rest of it herself, and won very easy by two or three
lengths; the next three were close together, but the others
were beaten off, Jericho being whipper-in.

His Majesty's Plate of 100 Guineas. Four miles.
Duke of Leeds's Zohrab, 4 yrs, 7st. 91b...Templeman 1
Lord Derby's Speculator, aged, lOst 2
Betting-5 to 2on Zohrab. Speculator made good running
all the way, Zohrab lying up with him, and showing the jade
throughout; at the last turn he went up, and at the stand the
two were at it; the remaining ground was most severely con-
tested, Zohrab winning by a head only. It struck us, how-
ever, that had a complaint been made the plate would have
been awarded to Lord Derby, as Zohrab hung upon the grey
to the last, and nearly drove him upon the rails.

A Free Handicap of 15 sows. each, &c. 3 subs.
No race.

The Four-years-old Produce Stakes of 100 sovs. each, h. ft. Four
miles. 5 subs.
Walked over
it (TO-MORROW).
Duke of
DLoNeedcAs'ssTEß b. f.
ST.by LEEWhiskerc
Upon many similar occasions the spectilations have extended
to larger amounts, but few St. Legers have, till within the
last few days, possessed greater interest than the one about to
be decided. It would be difficult to call to mind any race in
which the rival districts have been so strongly opposed to each
other. The North had the winner of the Derby, the West
had the winner of the Oaks, and the South had their two
seconds. The weight of the betting was for a long time con-
fined to these four, but within the last week the contingencies
which must ever attach to racing (and without which one of
its principal features would be wanting) have driven the two
Derby nags to the rightabout—Mundig because Hornsea has
beaten him in a trial, and Ascot because his cough is come
again, reasons sufficing enough in all conscience. The mares,
therefore, are in so much the greater force, and the North is
left to depend upon Hornsea, who only reached Doncaster
from Pigburn this evening. Jupiter is going remarkably well,
and his friends are very sweet. The following is a list of the
horses likely to run as complete as we have been able to
make it ; it must be understood, however, that we do not
pledge ourselves for its correctness :
Mr. Mostyn's Queen of Trumps, 3 yr 5...... Lye

Mr. Richardson's ch. c. Hornsea, 3 yrs Scott
Mr. Greville's Preserve, 3 yrs
Mr. T. Johnson's Jupiter, by Langar .. Holmes
Lord Orford's b. c. Ascot, 3 yrs Robinson
Mr. Bowes's ch. c. Mundig, 3 yrs Conolly
Mr. Houldsworth's Turban, 3 yrs Darling
Mr. J. H. Peels br. c. Trim, by Edmund Chapple
Mr. Powlett's Langar colt, 3 yrs
Mr. Watts's Mademoiselle Otz, 3 yrs
Mr. Golden's Brother to Hope, 3 yrs Marson
Mr. Vansittart's Cavendish, 3 yrs Garbutt
Ainderby, the Pollio colt, and Crescent, are also talked of,
but nothing certain is yet known ; it is probable, too, that there
will be some changes in the jockies.
2 to 1 agst Mr. Mostyn's Queen of Trumps
3 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's Hornsea
5 to 1 agst Mr. Greville's Preserve—taken
8 to 2 agst Mr. Johnson's Jupiter
10 to 1 agst Lord Orford's Ascot
•
14 to 1 agst Mr. Bowes's Mundig
20 to 1 agst Mr. Houldsworth's Turban
40 to 1 agst Mr. J. H. Peel's Trim—taken
40 to 1 agst Mr. Watts's Mamsel Otz—taken
1,000 to 10 agst Mr. Powlett's c. by Langar

Doncaster, Tuesday Morning.
ST. LEGER.
7to 4 agst Queen of Trumps 11 to 1 agst Alundig
3 to 1 agst Hornsea 20 to 1 agst Turban
11 to 2 agst Preserve 40 to 1 agst Trine
10 to 1 agst Jupiter 40 to 1 agst Mamsel Otz
10 to 1 agst Ascot 40 to 1 agst Bro. to Hope—taken

NEWTON ABBOTT RACES, SEPT. 10.
Sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 2 ft., with 10 for the second horse.
Gentlemen riders. Heats, two miles. (24 subs.)

Mr. R. Wise's bl. m. Vision I 1
Mr. Nattle na. br. h. Freedom
The Ladies' Plate of 25 sovs., with 5 added. Heats, two miles.
Mr. R. Wise's ch. m. Termagant, 3 yrs, 7st. llb. 1 1
Col. Gilbert's br. h. Denbies, 5 yrs, 9st. 51b 2 2
Mr. Wilkins's b. m. Mimic' 5 yrs, Bst. 121 b 3 dis.
Sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 20 added. Heats, two
miles. (10 subs.)
Sir J. Buller's b. c. Whynot, 3 yrs, 6st. 121 b 1 1
Mr. Moore's b. g. Middlesex, 6 yrs, 9st. I Ilb 4 2
Mr. Huish's b. g. Happy jack, 6 yrs, 9st. 11b 3 3
Mr. Harcourt's ch. m. by Comus, 6 yrs, 9st. 131 b 2 4
The Newton Stakes of 2 sovs. each, with 10 added. Heats, one

and the second heat in 5 min.
ch. m., 4 yrs, from the Royal
.
the first heat in 1 nun. 52 sec.;
6 sec. and 3-sths, beating Agar,
Stud at Pin, in Normandy, by Ea:tham, darn Danae, carrying
1041 b. ; M. Fasauel's b. h. Moloch, 4 yrs' ,by Milton, dam
Darthula, carrying 1071 b. ; Mr. Paln:cr's b. in. Miss Tan-
dem, 5 yrs, by Multum in Parvo, darn an Arabian mare, car-
rying 1091 b. ; Comte de Cambis' ch. in. Noema, 5 yrs, by
Rowlston, dam Vittoria, carrying 1091 b. ; and M. Vallerot's
ch. m. Darthula, 6 yrs, by Doge de Venice, dam Evelina,
carrying 1151 b. The late M. Rieussec's gr. m. Helena, M.
Cheri Salvador's b. h. Bijou, and M. Eugene Cremieux's
b. m. Kiss Kelly, were entered and drawn. The first heat
was well contested by Miss Annette and Agar, they ran nearly
head to head to the winning-post, distancing their competitors.
The second heat was run in good style by these celebrated
favourites. The betting was two to one on Miss Annette the
first heat ; the second heat, even betting on Agar. Round
sums changed hands in the two stands opposite the Jury's
pavilion. The grant prize of 12,000 francs, and other races,
will be run for on Thursday next. The horses will start at
one o'clock.— Galignani's Messenger.

mile and distance.
Mr. Brendon's Trebartha, aged, 9st. 41b
Mr. Foster's Rosalie, 6 yrs, 9st. 21b 2 3
Mr. Shapland's Fanny Kemble, aged, Bst. 11lb._ 4 2
Mr. Reed's Westry, 3 yrs' 6st. 81b.
Mr. Sweete's b. f. by Luzborough, 3 yrs, 6st. 91b dis.
FRIDAY, SEPT. 11.
A Plate of 50 sovs. Heats, one mile and distance.
Mr. Wreford's Freedom, 4 yrs, 9st.
Mr. R. Wise's Vision, 4 yrs, 7st. 81b.
Mr. Wilkins's Mimic, 5 yrs, 9st. 11b.
The Tally-ho Stakes of 2 sovs. each, with 10 added. Heats, one
mile and distance, with three leaps.
Mr. Trelawney's Mazourka
Mr. Michelmore's Hampton Vale Lass 2 2
Mr. R. Wise's Lady Fly ... 3 3
Mr. Lane's Thisbe
Four others started, but were distanced in the first heat.
A Handicap Plate of 20 sovs., added to a Sweepstakes of 2 sovs.
each, Heats, one mile and distance.
Mr. Wreford's Freedom, 4 yrs, 12st.
Mr. Wilkins's Mimic, 5 yrs, 1 Ist. 71b. ...... 1 2 2
Col. Gilbert's Miser, 6 yrs, 9st. Mb.
Mr. Shapland's Fanny Kemble, aged,. 7st. 71b 3 4 dr

CUPAR RACES, Sm. 8.
Match, 100 sovs, h. ft. one mile and a half.—Mr. Alexander's
Little-Go beat Mr. T. Bruce's Miss Emily.
A Gold Cup, value 100 sovs. Twice round.
Col. Lindsay na. Little-Go
Mr. Ramsay's XXX., by Jack Spigot
A Sweepstakes of 10 sow, each, h. ft., with 25 added from the
funds of the Hunt. Gentlemen riders. Heats, twice round.
Lord Loughborough's Fiddlestick
Mr. Walker's Pilot, by Dr. Syntax 0 dis
A Plate of 50 sovs. Heats, twice round.
Lord Elcho's Philip 1 1
Mr. Ramsay's XXX
wgplusnAY, SEPT. 9.
The Fife Stakes of 10 sovs, each, with 25 added.

Mr. Watson's Despot, by Sultan, walked over.
A piece of Plate, given by the Fife Club, added to a Stakes of
2 sovs., for horses the property of farmers, or members of the.
Fife Yeomanry Cavalry. Heats, once round and a distance.
Mr. Balfour 's Cadger
Mr. Ritchie's Honest Johnnie
A Plate of 50 sovs.
Mr. Carfrae's Forrester walked over.
A Whip, added to a Sweepstakes of 5 sovs. Gentlemen riders,
members of a racing or fox-hunting establishment.
Lord Rothes' Haphazard walked over.

ppElycH RACES.
The Prefect of tho bege a race-
course, similar to those of England, in the Falter of fliP!rr,
near Palaiseau, four leagues to the east of Paris, which it 15
expected will shortly be opened with a race for a Plate to be
given by the Duke of Orleans.
The races in the Champ de Mars were well attended on
Sunday, although the rain fell in torrents at intervals. His
Royal Highness the Duke of Orleans, accompanied by his
suite, honoured the course with his presence. The horses
started at half-past one o'clock for the Royal prize of 6,000
Francs, twice
found ilia course (heats), which was won by 1,9r4
Henry Seymoues b. fin.".lVtis` 4nnettfi, VPO-Fyiuot 010-
yeller, darn Ada, carrying 1091 b., rode by Rcsbinsers, w"

THE SLAVE TRADE.

ADDITIONAL ARTICLE TO THE TREATY CONCLUDED AT
STOCKHOLM, NOV. 6, 1824, BETWEEN GREAT BRITAIN

AND SWEDEN, FOR THE PREVENTION OF THE TRAFFIC
IN SLAVES, SIGNED AT STOCKHOLM, JUNE 15, 1835.
His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, and his Majesty the King of Sweden
and Norway, having thought fit to agree upon the follow-
ing further arrangement, additional to the treaty concluded
between their aforesaid Majesties at Stockholm, on the
sixth day of November, one thousand eight hundred and
twenty-four, for the prevention of the trade in slaves, have
named, authorised, and appointed the following Plenipoten-
tiaries, ad hoc :
His Majesty the King of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, Sir Edward Cromwell Disbrowe,
Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic
Order, his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary to his Majesty the Xing of Sweden and Norway.
And his Majesty the King of Sweden and Norway, the
Sieur Gustavus Count de Wetterstedt, his Minister of
State and for Foreign Affairs, Knight Commander of his
Orders, Chancellor of his Orders ; Knight of the Russian
Orders of St. Andrew, of St. Alexander Newsky, and of
St. Anne of the First Class ; Knight of the Order of the
Red Eagle of Prussia of the First Class ; Grand Cross of
the Order of Leopold of Austria ; one of the eighteen of
the Swedish Academy.
Who, having exchanged their full powers, found in good
form, have agreed upon the following additional Article :
ADDITIONAL ARTICLE.
It is hereby agreed betweon the high contracting parties
that in all cases in which a vessel shall, under the above-
mentioned treaty, be detained by their respective cruizers,
as having been engaged in the slave trade, or as having
been fitted out for the purposes thereof, and "shall conse-
quently be adjudged and condemned by the mixed Courts
of Commission to be established under that treaty, the said
vessel shall, immediately after its condemnation, be broken
up entirely, and shall be sold in separate parts after having
been so broken up.
This additional article shall be ratified, and the ratifica-
tions thereof shall be exchanged at Stockholm, within six
weeks from the day of signature, or sooner if possible.
In witness whereof, the respective Plenipotentiaries have
signed the present additional article, and thereunto affixed
the seal of their arms.
Done at Stockholm, the fifteenth day of June, in the
year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
five.

(L. S.) EDW. CROMWELL DISBROWE.
(L. S.) G. Comte de WETTERSTEDT.

BRAZILS.

MR. FOX TO VISCOUNT PALMERSTON.—(Received Dec. 6.)
(Extract) Rio de Janeiro, Oct. 15, 1834.
The African negroes recently liberated by verdicts of the
mixed Commission for the suppression of unlawful slave
trade established at Rio de Janeiro, are at present em-
ployed at the public works, labouring as apprentices, pro-
visionally, in the hands of the Government. Orders also
have been transmitted by the Minister of Justice to the
different provinces of the empire, directing the same course
to be followed with regard to all negroes liberated in virtue
of the Brazilian law of November, 1831, including conse-
quently not only those found on board captured slave
vessels, but such likewise as shall be seized from their un-
lawful owners in any part of the country, and liberated
upon proof appearing of their having been fraudulently in-
troduced.

This provisional arrangement is of course less satisfactory
than what would have resulted from a true and full execu-
tion of the original stipulations of the Slave Trade Conven-
tion, regarding the mode of apprenticeship of the emanci-
pated blacks ; but I believe it is, practically, the most
humane and comfortable destination that could, under the
present circumstances, be chosen in this country for the
victims rescued from slavery. The negroes, thus serving in
the employment of Government, are well treated, and ne,i,
overworked ; and, above all, there is not the risk of their
being again fraudulently disposed of, and robberl of their
freedom for ever, which was most frequently 'the fate of the
unhappy objects portioned out as apprentices in the hands
of private Brazilians.

This system, however, has only been adopted as a tem-
porary expedient, to remain in force until such time as it
shall be found practicable to give effect, in one way or ano-
ther, to that part of the Brazilian law of 1831, which en=
joins the re-exportation of emancipated slaves.
That portion of the same law which prescribed that the
liberated blacks :should be re-conveyed to Africa at the ex-
pense of the convicted illegal traders, and there delivered
over to the native authorities of the Slave Coast, against
which his Majesty's Government so strongly and so justly
remonstrated, has been entirely abandoned, both virtually
and formally, by the official declaration of the Government,
made to the Legislative Assembly in the " Relatorio," or
report, from the Department of Foreign Affairs.
The Government, however, are still equally and most
impatiently desirous of contriving some mode for eventually
disposing of the liberated slaves out of Brazil ; partly from
deference to the will of the Assembly, expressed in the law
above referred to ; and partly also from a real apprehension
that the admission of a number of free blacks into this
slave-holding country may be productive of pernicious con-
sequences. Englishmen and Brazilians must be expected
to argue this question in different ways, as they start from
different points in their argument ; and a native of Brazil,
never looking to the possible ultimate emancipation of the
black population of this country, is perhaps "right, in his nar-
row view of the subject, in discouraging, by all means in
his power, the introduction into the same country of a large
portion of African blacks in a state of freedom.
It is under this impression that the Government of Brazil
is now entering into negotiation with every Power possess-
ing colonies on the coast of Africa to conclude some ar-'
rangement for receiving the emancipated negroes as free
labourers in those colonies. But whatever arrangement of
this nature may be made, and in whatever quarter, it is.,
easy to foresee that the main difficulty (looking to what is
of course our chief object, the well-being and bona fide
deliverance of the negroes) will always be found in the re-
conveying them across the Atlantic. Ido not see how it
will be possible, excepting at a vast expense, to be borne
by one Government or the other, to secure to the liberated
blacks the benefit of good treatment during the voyage, and
a safe delivery at their'place of destination. Certainly no
private seafaring contractor belonging to this country could
be trusted with such a commission.

The Brazilian Minister has urged me to express again to
your Lordship how very great a satisfaction it would be to
the Government of this country if some arrangements could
be agreed upon to receive the liberated blacks either at
Sierra Leone (as was formerly proposed) or in the West
Indies, or in any other British colony ; and I believe that
solicitations to the same effect will have been renewed to
your Lordship by the Brazilian Envoy in London. I am,
of course, unable to judge how far his Majesty's Govern-
ment may be able or willing to accede to such a proposal ;
but there is little doubt that it presents tho best, perhaps
the only, means of securing the benefit of freedom tc the
unfortunate objects most interested in the question.
lam persuaded that it is quite impossible, this coun-
try, to give effect to the true meaning of flat part of the
Slave Trade Convention which provid...es for the appren-
ticeship of the blacks in the hand s of private individuals.
Not only are the Gomm:lll47:i, and the superibr authorities
opposed to such a system upon principle, but even if they
were to change t!ileir opinion, or be constrained by the obli-
gation of treaties to act contrary to it, they would not pos-
sess the means of doing so with advantage. The Govern-
ment of Brazil has not sufficient controul over the inhabi-
tants to enable it to prevent the apprenticed 'blacks from
being again fraudulently sold as slaves, and thenceforth
more cruelly treated than if placed in a lawful and acknow-
ledged state of slavery. Neither would any jurisdiction
that could be allowed to the British Commissioners, or
other British authorities (were such a thing possible), be
sufficient to watch over the existence and welfare of the
apprentices in a country of wild manners and amazing ex-
tent like Brazil. All the planters and proprietors through-
out the land, into whose hands these apprentices must be
entrusted, are cordially averse to their emancipation, both
from interest and from prejudice ; while the subordinate and
local Magistrates, whose business it should be to compel
The execution of the law, are themselves drawn from the
same class of proprietors; and governed by the same inte-
rests and prejudices.
For all these reasons I cannot but heartily concur in the
wishes expressed by the Brazilian Minister, that some plan
may be discovered for disposing of the emancipated negroes
away from Brazil. Unfortunately, in discussing every point
and bearing of the questions of slavery and slave dealing in
this part of the world, it is much more easy to point out the
enormity and abominable extent of the evil than to suggest
means for it% 41)+AteAlent but it appears to me that the
wortkt A that can happen is to abandon those negroes
whollave been once rescued from the horrors of slavery to
010 risk, indeed almost to the certainty, of being again
crushed under the same miserable yoke. The provisional
arrangement, which is now acted upon, of emplovi-:„ the
emancipated negroes at public works, o- ' .
e safeguard
of Government, has been -.per the
liano (as Minis.
r'own responsibility ;
or Justice),-upon his
. • •
-.opted by the Minister A. u. re-

toll yery doubtful whether the Legislative Assembly
in its session of next year will sanction a continuance of the
same system. It is also extremely probable that in other
parts of the empire the local Legislatures to be now Con-
voked will lay claim to the privilege of themselves regulating
all such affairs within their respective provinces. The
greatest advantage would therefore be gained if some plan

tytt

;44
wild be agreed upon d t4e,
and permanent settleme
The Right Hon. Viscout
VISCOUNT PAL3fERSTON
e,

:~¢'..

7.t ers\the final
v 4 , &c.
X:.
NV! • C. 804
Ark (t ii tT GHA N.
Poreign‘, l A
7, 1834
Sir,—Your despatch of the 28th of .larch of this year
has been received, and laid before the King.
His Majesty's Government have learned, with much re 4
Bret, that the President of the United States has. declined
acquiescing in the proposition which you were instructed to
make to him for his accession to the conventions recently
concluded between Great Britain and France for the more
effectual suppression of the slave trade ; and his Majesty's
Government are the more disappointed at this refusal, as
they had indulged an expectation that the Government of
the United States, animated by an earnest desire to assist
in suppressing that inhuman traffic, would have eagerly
availed themselves of the opportunity which the above pro•
position afforded them of co-operating effectually towards
the accomplishment of that purpose.

His Majesty's Government, however, after an attentive
consideration of the reasons which the President of the
United States has assigned for refusing his accession to the
treaty in question, are unwilling-to alnd'3ll the hope of
still succeeding in obtaining that accesw.on ; for while, on
the one hand, the objections which tkc ['resident has urged
to the proposal are not in theirselves without weight, on
the other hand the stipulati"ons to which those objections
refer, although essentially conducive to the complete attain-
ment of the pitpose in view, are, however, not absolutely
indispensable.
Mr. M‘Lane, while he renews the objections originally
urged by the American Government to an extension of the
right of search to the coasts of the United States, observes
that a clause proposing such extension would not be an ac-
cession to the existing conventions according to their pre-
sent terms, but an interpolatio:i of a new article, giving a
fresh and broader scope to th:e original limitations, and not
contemplated by the high parties.
This observation, is undoubtedly true ; and the mere fact
that this objestin'a has been taken by the Government of
the United States is a sufficient reason for not further pres-
sing the adoption of such an article.
But, however desirable such an article would be if the
Government of the United States could be prevailed upon
to agree to it, still, even without such a stipulation, a very
important advantage would be gained for the interests 4'
humanity by the accession of the Government of the United
States to the conventions as they stand. If the flag of the
United States was prevented by special treaty from being
assumed by the dealers in the human race as a protection
for their nefarious traffic on the coast of Africa and in the
West Indian seas, and if these enemies of mankind were
obliged to run the gauntlet through the cruizers of almost
all the naval Powers of Christendom, over some thonsand
miles of sea, unprotected by any flag by which they might
attempt to cover their iniquity, it might well be hoped that
their course would be arrested, before they could reach any
latitude within which the national pride of the United States
could be wounded by the Measures necessary for submitting;
them to stoppage or search.
Taking these circumstances into consideration, his Ma-
jesty's Government are willing to abandon that part of
their proposition to which Mr. M‘Lane's objections are
directed ; and you are therefore instructed to renew your
application to the United States' Government for their
accession to the convention, omitting the stipulation for the
extension of the right of search to the coasts of the United
States:
In addressing the American Government again on this
subject, you will state that his Maiesty's Government have
derived high gratification from-learning, by Mr. M‘Lane'sl4
note, the earnest and unceasing solicitude felt in the United
States, both by the Goverament and by the nation, for the
entire annihilitation of the odious traffic in slaves ; and
you will express the earnest hope of his Majesty's Go-
vernment, that sentiments which reflect so much honour
upon the United States will induce the American Go-
vernment to waive any further objections to a measure cod-
ciliated to contribute, in so important a manner, to bring
about the result which all parties thus ardently desire.
I am, &c.,
(Signed) PALMERSTON.
The Right Hon. Sir C. Vaughan, G.C.H., &c., &c.

THE AMERICAN MINISTER FOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS TO SIR

C. VAUGHAN.

Department of State, Washington, Oct. 4, 1834.
The undersigned Secretary of State of the United States,
has bad the honour to receive the note of Sir Charles R.
Vaughan, &c., of the 23d ultimo, proposing, in behalf of
his. Britannic Majesty's Government, in conjunction with
the Government of France, that the Government of the
United States should accede to a convention between Great
Britain and France, of the 30t4 of November, 1831, for
the suppression of the slave trade, and the supplementary
addition to that convention of 22d March, 1833.
Having laid it, with a note of M. Serurier, Envoy Ex-
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of his Majesty the
King of the French, to the same effect, before the Presi-
dent, by his directions the undersigned has now. the honour
to reply, that neither his Britannic Majesty's Government,
nor the Government of the King of the French, has com-
prehended the full force and effect of the note of Mr
M‘Lane, of the 24th of -March, 1834, in answer to the pro.
positions on this subject formerly made by Sir Charles R.
Vaughan and M. Serurier.

The answer of Mr. M:Lane was intended not only to,
express the President's determination not to accede to the
conventions between the two Powers, with the modification
proposed by Great Britain, on which alone the accession of
the United States- was invited or apparently desired. by
Great Britain, but not to accede to any conve.Ation liable
to the objections brought into view. If the United States
were even satisfied that the establishment by maritime
Powers of a conventional police on the ocean for the pre-
vention orspunishment of a particular class of offences, by
their respective citizens or subjects, was caned for by ale
character of the United States, and would be 'promotive of
the great interests of humanity, the President could not ac-
cede to the terms of the convention between Great Britain.
and France. However just may be its principles, and re-
ciprocal the applicatitm of them between the two high cm.
tracting parties, if the United States were to be,:ome
party to it, the introduction of new provisions would be in-
dispensable. Beyond this continent' the Unitod States
neither have, nor expect, nor desire to have, territory or
jurisdiction. They cannot become partied to an in--
strument binding them to suffer America
.a citizens to be
sent, by the officers of a foreign Power from the coast of
Africa and Madagascar to the Unitef:t States for trial, and
punishment, if guilty, while the subjects of France and.
Great /Britain_ have a neighbouriwg tribunal ready to try
them, and., they arc innocent,
their larsful pursuits. It isspeedily to restore them to
true the convention provides
indenmity for personal in'' ary where there is no just cause
for suspicion. Sir Chr rles Vaughan is aware that cause for
suspicion, justifying arrest arrest and investigation, is compatible
with the perter in in the nocence of the party accused. Doubt-
lessi.4overnments of England and France a high
sense of
the surie'lnagnanimity might produce just remuneration to
rer. Acquitted individuals might be compensated,
yet., the commercial enterprise of their country be obstructed.
or paralysed while the tribunals were deciding their inno-
cense or guilt.

The undersigned does not intend to invite a discussion
on the subject. He is sensible that new and extended ar-
rangements might be offered consistent with the principle
of conventional prevention to lessen the difficulties that
have been suggested. He would cheerfully aid his Britan-
nic Majesty's Minister in devising them, if the opinion had
not been definitively format, not to make the United States
a party to any convention on the subject of the slave trade.
It is believed that, by a faithful exertion of its own means
of detecting and punishing those American citizens who
violate its laws, the Government will best perform its duties
to the people of the United States, and its obligations to,
the interests of the world.

The undersigned, &c.,
(Signed) JOHN FORSYTH.
The Right Hon. Sir C. R. Vaughan, G.C.H., &c.

SIR C. VAUGHAN TO THE AMERICAN MINISTER FOR
FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

Washington, sth of October, 1834.
The undersigned, &c., has the honour to acknowledge
the receipt of the note of Mr. Forsyth, &c., communicating
the determination of the President not to accede to the
conventions concluded between Great Britain and France
for the effectual suppression of the slave trade.
As the Secretary of State has declared, in his note, that
the opinion has been " definitively formed, net to make the
United States a party to any convention on the subject of
the slave trade," the undersigned ref,:ains from entering
into any discussion, whether the Gr,vernment of his Bri-
tannic Majesty, and the Govemnent of the King of the
French, have comprehended the full force and effect of the
note of Mr. M‘Lane, of the 24th of March, 1834, and to
invite explanation of the new provisions which the Secretary
of State seems to think would be necessary before the
United States could be parties to a conventizinartolice, for
the suppression of a disgraceful traffic, whirA, to the honour
of the United States, they were the first to denounce- as
piracy.

'I he undersigned sincerely re.'efrets that the Governments
of Great Britain and Fran
. `-,c must be deprived of the co-
operation of the Unit_
"..ci States in the measures which they
have adopted fur the effectual suppression of the slate
trade.—The unr!.ersigned, &c.,
(Signed) CHAS. R. VAUGHAN.
Tb.',3 Hon. John Forsyth, &c.

Captain Pechell, who is returned to Castle Goring,,
is suffering from inflammation near the knee joint of his
broken leg, which, it is supposed, has been brought on by
close attention to his parliamentary duties.
