DEAL, DEC. 9.

ills Majesty's Ship Heldin sailed this morning
to the Northward.

It has blown a hard gale of wind the whole of
this day, and several vessels have parted from their
anchors, and taken shelter in Ramsgate Harbour :
a large American Ship from Boston, bound to Ham-
burgh, has lost her bowsprit and fore-mast, but rode
the gale out without further damage.

Letters received from Gibraltar, dated the 26th
of November state, that the Admiral Pasley Armed
Brig, of /6 guns, Lieut. WOOLDRIDGE, and 90
men, had fallen in with, in the Straits, a French
Xebeque, of 22 guns, and 160 men ; and, after a
most spirited and well-fought A&ion of two hours,
the Xebeque struck to the superior skill and ma-
nagement of Lieut. Wootnx/DGE, who is, how..
ever, unfortunately wounded in the shoulder, though
in a fair way of recovery. The Master and several
seamen are also badly wounded.----They were ex-
petted at Gibraltar to refit.

Two. Hamburgh Mails still remain due.

Lord and Lady CHOLMONDELEir remain at
Houghton Hall till within two or three days of• the
Birth.day.

Lord KEN-yoiq, we are sorry to learn, continues
very much indisposed.
There is now a vacancy in the Imperial Par Ha.
ment
,for the City of. Cork by the promotion of
Lieutettaut.Oeneral Sir J. H. Htrrcx t moil to the
Peerage,. andfOr the Queen's County in Ireland by
the death of Sir JOHN PARNELL.
It has already been stated that Mo NST EV It was
to take up his final residence at Holy rood House,
Edinburgh: -He leaves town on Saturday next. In
his way to Scotland, his Highness will pay a visit
to the Marquis of BUCKIVGHANI at Stowe ; and
from thence he goes to Lord Mota.A's, in Leicester_
shire, where be will spend his Christmas.

Yesterday a Court of Direaors was held at the
East India House, when Captain E. H.' BON of
the Walser Cattle, took leave of the Court, pre-
vious to his departure for Bombay and China. The
Court adjourned at an early hour till Tuesday next.
An Article appeared in an Opposhion Paper of
Tuesday, which, from its absurdity, we should
have thought unworthy of notice, had we not found
that it had excitedsome conversation amongst Men
interested in the subjea. It has ever been the,
system of the-Retainers of OpPOsition, to fabricate
grounds of accusation against Ministers, and then
argue upon these as Etas. So it has happened with
respea to the topic in question, that of the Claims
of the British Subjects, whowhoa before the War pos.
sessed property. in France. The -faaious Writer
Of the Article alluded to, takes it 'fbr granted, that
this subjea has never engaged. the attention of our
Ministers, or is treated by them with ncglea—
But what proof does the Writer in question adduce
in 'support of.either of these suppositions:? 'Nothing
but his own vague assertion mid-surmise. Ills cer-
tainly more consonant with the real char:itler of our
Ministers to conclude, that no.pOint in which the
interests of this Country,. or of any particular Body
of the,Subjeas of this Conntty, are materially 'con-
cerned, has been overlooked by them. The Claims
in question, were, by an Article in the Preliminary
.Treaty, to be arranged and adjusted in the Defini-
tiO.Onp;:; anti it_is surely.time enough to complain
Of :the Interests of Individuals-having been sacri-
ficed and abandoned, when, the Definitive Treaty is
completed, and shall be found nom, contain sufficient
proviiion for the:satisfaaion of any just Claims.
We are told,
.through the medium of the Barkers
at Paris, as it is very broadly stated, that the French
Government mean -to do so and so—hut we beg to
know, how the Bankers at Paris should be inform-
ed of an Arrangement having been completed,
which is certainly not yet begun ? The British
Claims, , amongst other points, will form a Subjea
of discussion at Amiens : ,and. it is certainly prcina-
tnre at least, to say, what the result of such dis-
cussion may be. At any rate, the:interests of the
Nation,' as well as of 'lndividuals, are in very up-
right and able hands ;' and there can he no•grotind
for the conclusion, that either will be improperly
treated.

The Report stated in the same Article, of an
Agent having been sent froM Individuals here, with
Memorials to the British Plenipotentiary, we must
consider as equally unfounded and absurd. Marquis
CORNWALLIS cannot surely receiveany sad! Agent,
nor can he aft, but by such instruaions as the Bri-
tish Cabinet only shall transmit.
To crown the absurdity of the whole atticle, it
is asserted that French Claims upon our Funds have
already been paid to a very large amount. It is a
provision in the Preliminary Treaty, that-qo Claims
'shall be paid till the Definitive 0I)C shall be ratifie4
and exchanged, consequently no French Property
in this Country 'can as yet have been legally restored.

TillE.l77a.

Covent.Garrien.

A new MaSical Irama, under the title of Chains of
the Heart, or The Slave by Choice, ivas represented
for the first time last night at thi3 Theatre.

CHAR ACTER.S:

)4 00 It S.

Ala Bensalla, King of 'Ceuta -
A zam, Grand Slave-Master - : Mr., Mu 11/E::.
Taruda • Mr WADiri.
Slave Merchants - - m' A
21. .-EK
Seid f. INS.
,Tucapel, Chief of the GuaYci - . . Mr. KING.
Zutema, the favnteritc VIA zam - . - Sig: S foR ACE.
Zan*,

zuk•oPF.ANs.

a nolilc Portugueze - Mr. Cc:tat ay.
Prince 'Henry of Portugal - Mr. sau NTOR.
Meneses, Count of Alveira = Mr; WI3K IN soN

Don Manuel, his Son ' Mr. HILL.
Riccardo, Son to Villaflor, under the Mr. H. JOUNsiti.
name of Osinin
Cotiflon, formerly a Dancing-Master, ." r: ,
mlr. rAWCETT.
and now a Soldier
OThelim, Cook to a-Regiment - - 'Mr. JonN sr ONE.
Juan, a Boy of Seven Years old - - Master ST ANDEN.
Gulnare
Silvia

FAl3l.t.
The Plot of this Opera is founded on the expedition of the
Portugueze against Ceuta in the fifteenth century, in which
Prince Henry, afterwards the tnmous encourager of naviga-
tion, and patron of its promoters, first distinguished himself.
The Moors of Africa had some years before made an irruption
into the borders of Spain and Portugal, and carried off many
prisoners to Ceuta.
Vitiator, a Portugueze nobleman, with his son Riccardo,
and Gulnare, a female orphan or Portugal, were taken by the
Moors. Villatlor had long been confined in prison at Ceuta,
taid,his son, under the title of Osmin, as well as Gulnare,
remained with him_ to soften his captivity. At length, to
give Villatior an opportunity of returning to his own coun-
try, in order to join the standard of his Sovereign, Gulnare'
resolves to sell herself, and pay the price of her. liberty as a
ransom for Villaticite Gulnare hearing of the generosity of
Bensalla, King of Ceuta, is in hopes she shall be able to in-
terest the feeliegs- of that monarch, and dispose him to re-
store her and her lover Riccardo 'to freedom. Wild as this
scheme is, the noble charades of Bensa,ila renders it not hope-
less.
At this time Prince Henryof Portugal, lays siege to Ceuta,
and one at' his chief objects is to rescue from slavery the noble
Villa-lon In the end Pri ace Henry succeeds in conquering
the King of Cents, but not before the latter, having struggled
with his passion for Guinan') and, given orders for her to be
conveyed, with Villapor and Osmin,.in safety to Portugal.
The generons characler of the King of Ceuta, operates so
strongly on the Portugueze Chief, that he leaves the Monarch
in possession of his Throne. This is `a general sketch of the
Serious part of the Opera.
'The -Comic part relates to Aiam, Grand Slave Master,
Cotillon, a compound of Dancing- Master and Soldier,
-.olPhelim, an Irish Cotak to a Regiment, and Zulema, the
6vonrite slave of Azam. Zulema conceives a partiality for
Cotillon, and then efforts to escape with the wealth of Azam,
and the perplexities into which the latter is brought, con-
sfitete the !turnout of the Piece.
It is evident that this Piece has been prepared
with haste, for the purpose of bringing STORACB
and BRAHAM again upon the English. Stage. As.
this is certainly the chief objea, and as sing-song is
the Order:of the Night,. in the English Theatre, at
present, we must look upon the Drama before us as
little more than a vehicle for Music and Scenery.
It would, therefore; .be hard indeed to try it-by the
test of Criticism. Mr. HOAR E, to whom the Pub-
lic are indebted for many diverting Dramatic
Sketches, is the Autlffir of this Piece, which he has
principally, we shear, been induced, to undertake
with a view to give scope to the Talents ofSTu-
-ItAC E, who was a main prop of some of his former
produaions. .
There is nothing of a striking beauty or novelty in
this work, which is rather to be considered as a kin
of Dramatic Pasticcia, and in that light it is very well
adapted to its obvious purpose. It is, however,
very much too long, and when it is curtailed, it
will stand its ground among the produaions of the
day, particularly as it is recommended by the great
musical powers of BRAHAM, and the comic strength
of the Company, including the novelty of STORAce
at this 'Theatre.
BRAHAM is undoubtedly one of the first Singers
of the Day, not excepting the Performers of. the
.Ital,ian Opera. His voice is full, clear and exten-
sive. His ear is perfealy correct, and his manner
of running divisions upon half.notes is astonishing,
even though Mrs. ,BiLLINGTON's excellence is so
well known, and. so deservedly 'admired. This
Performer is,- in. fat% the chief stiliport of the
Piece, tie is very much improved in his anion
and general Manner.
STIR AC E had all her fOrrner spirit, but toe did not
observe any marks of improvement in her acting or
her singing. Her aftivicy,.her broad humour; .and
her musical skill; however, in ,a great .degree atone
for the defects of her voice.., ' • -
•COlOl, H. Jon NsToNI and Miss MuR R.Av: gave
a respectable support toithe serious Charaaers.—
EN, 1,-..%weET-r, .and Irish joitysToNE_lVere
not fess effeCtive in-those of the `comic kind. _
. The Piece:met with
,little opposition on being
announced. for to-morrow: Several of 'the Airs
were encored, and the music in general is creditable
to MAzziNaki and Rav E. We have only room
for the following Ballad, which was. bestutifully
sung by BaAirAm.
13A L LAD. BrNsALLA—(wzr'frlghi.),
Believe my vows, while thus iveparte
Sincere as thou art fair !
1 strive ta'teat thee from my heart--
. Still than alone art there. •
The voice of honour in my soul, • •
i; - Sweet maid, proclaims thee free ;
But Love, disdaining all coritrodli
Enchains-ay/ will and thee.
Did yonder Rising orb of day •
For me the inine inftaniee
Did War, that cal is sue hence as
Bestow immortal fame ;
. What joy stipeeior should prove) ,
Could I their gifts resignp.
. told thee with acceptedloVel .
- And claim a heat like thine I

It appears' by Letters from, Brest of the, 16th
ult. that it was the intention of Government that
the. Armament preparing at that Port for St.
Dottibtp, should have sailed mast Sunday;' but fresh
orders have been received, direallig it to put .to
sea with all possible expeditidn.
The Printers, Booksellers and Ilaper-makets of
this kingdom are about it is said, to present a Pe.:
tition to Parliament for a repeal of the last addi-
tion3l Dory on Paper, as likely, should it be con-
tinued, materially to injure tbe general Trade of
the Country in works of Literature. _ *

There was a considerable number of visitors from
DO?, Place,- at Covent-Garden Theatre' last
night, toi)at tonize the first appearance of BR Ati
His own merit, however, will ensure to him the
general patronage of the Public.

coußr OF CILIA,C4RY

inc-. 9'.

DRURY-tANE THEATRE.

THE LORD Cl4AtrOELiolt aticed, "whcther tie
Parties had-come to any 'terms' -
The SOL] Ci'VOR GENEItAL said, Ile TiderStOlati
so; but Mr. MANsFIE 6. was not come:

Thi; Court prOcdedea,- for a short title, to
other business.

Mr: MAlvsriEtb in the Mean time arrived, and
said, that the Parties had at length conic to an at:.
rangetnent.
The Loan CirAtlttLtOtt said, the better way
would be; to hand him the proposals; that he might-
have an opportunity of comparing tfiein with the
Trust IYeect.

MA.Nsr I ELO said he was desired to state
one or two cittutnsrariccs-. It having been report:.
ed, that Mr. Flanuriersley had some selfish view in
this business, that Gentleman was anxious to vita .
dicate himself, and had therefore put in an Affida-
vit, stating himself to be considerably in ad%%atiCe
to the ,Theatre. Mr. Hammersley would also be
very happy) if .he could be discharged. from all
further concern with the Trust ; but he doubted)
how far the Trust Deed would allow of that. resig-
nation. There was likewise an Affidavit of. Mrl,
Holland, the Architect, who, conceiving it to have
been reported in the Public Papers, as if• he had
been a cause of distressing 'the Theatre, had now
stated, that the Expences of building the Theatre
were within -his Estimate. He knew of no Oppo-
sition to the arrangement now -agreed upon, unless
it came from Mr. Grubb, who had nothing to do
with the present proceedings.

The SoLlCifioß GEtIERAL said it was now
agreed that the Surplus Monies arising from' the
Theatre should be paid to Mr. ADAM, in Trust for
the Proprietors. As to the Affidavit of Mr. Holland,
it. was not, he •said, properly before the Court.
With resped to the Affidavit of Mr. Grubb, he had
no doubt of his Client's being able, by Affidavit,
completely to alter the nature of the rafts as stated
in the former, bat at present they had nothing ro
do with it ; if Mr..Grubb had any thing t., settle
with Mr. Sheridan, he most bring -it before the
Court in a regulat way.
• Mr. -AGAR spoke at lathe length on behalf of
Mr. Grubb, who did not wish,, he said, to make
much opluisition. to the arrangement now proposed_
He conceived, however, that the debts incurred by
the Theatre since the Trust of 1793 to the Pei-
,riners for. their salaries, and to Tradcsmth fir the
currentexpences of the Theatre, should have a pat):
claim to he discharged.
MY, LLOYD, on behalf of MTh. Nunn, said, he
found she would be provided for by the arrangement:
Mr. RtcHA It as appeired on behalf of the Duke of
Bedford, to whom he,said arrears of rent were due
to the amount of B,zBBl. sos. 4d. His tirace, lie
said, would • have taken those steps which he was
entitled to .do as a Landlord, but waited oat of re_
specs} to the Court for its decision. If no reserve
was made for the-paymot of these arrears; and his
Grace was driven to make use of that legal remedy
which he possessed, the Theatre could not o-o.on.
ThC SOLICITOR GU`gi..RAL said, he understood
the The Duke of Bedford -had . agreed to execute
_an
instrument which was now engrossing..
Mr. RICHARDS said, he believed it was not so:

- The SOLICITOR-GENERAL observedi that' his
Lordship would decide, Jiow far the. Duke of Bcd.
ford was affedo by the Trust Deed.
The LORD CHAfiCELLOR said) it was to be
considered, how far the Duke bf Bedford totild
proceed at Lacy and Equity at the 'same .time
but there could be no doubt of Ms legal power-As a
Landlord: -

The SOL C iTOR RAt said, if what was
noky- proposed by Mr. AGAR on behalf of Mr.
Grubb was to be tarried into efrea; the Thane
must be shut up, as it was evident, if the Monies
were to lie immediately applied to the payment of
its Debts.,:the Theatre could not •go OIL-- Mr.
Sheridan had no objetion to make over to Mr,
Adams in; Trust,
,for the payment of Debts, all
the Surplus Monies of the Theatre, reserving only
z000l; per arm; for himself, and sod. per ann,
for his son. , •

Mr.-IVIAzts'FIEt.I) said, he had nothing to do with
any'agreemerit between Mr. Grobb and Mr. Sheri,:
dan ; it was impossible now to go into it. If the
Trustees under the Deed of
_t7o had riot taken
care that the cutrepf expencts of the Tho;:tre were
paid, it Amid be recollefted that Mr. Grubb Ivas
a Party to that Deed.

Mr: AG it said, Mr. 6-rubb Was hot a Par L 7 to
the Deed of 479,
Son= further conversation ensued relative to the
rights and interests of Mr. Grubb

—Mr." !Toox thought the arrangement comprized
every thing the most zealous advocate of Mr.
Grubb could'. desire. With respeft to the Affidavit
of Mr. Holland, Mr. Sheridan had no opportunity
of answering it ; but he was sure it Would riot in-
fluence the decision of the Court.

Mr. TRowt 12 appeared on behalf of two persons
named White and Martindale, -who claimed certain
rights under Patent. He wished to
have leave io consider how far' these personi 'were
provided fbr by the Trust Deeds, and to state the
result to the CoUrt previous to the final decision.
Mr. MANSFIELD said, he understood a Bill was
on the Files of the Court, by Mt. TRoWER'S Clients,
relative to-this right:
Mr. Runei,L appeared on behalf of Mr. Tho.
Shaw, Lead4.' of the Orchestra to the Theatre, who
held' a Renithrge of zos. per night, for the ar-
rears of -Which he hud put in a distress:
The
.I.cat.CrixacELLoit asked if Mr. ShaW
meant, to prbaeed at,IAW of in F,quity ?
Mr. Russztt. said` be merely wished :o state
this to his LOrdship.
-Mr. SH R I dAN- said, that it,washis most carne
wish that every person having a• claim upon the
Theatre should come forward. The monies of the
Theatre, %'vhatever might he said to the contrary,
bad 'certainly not been misapplied; and since its
opening, large portions of debt had been Liquidated,
With respeft toWhite's claim, the eve. 'oas this—Mr.
Harris was contraoed with for the purchase of the
Dormant Patent, and it ,appeared that Mr. White
had a share in that Patent, which was not men*

I

E~

• •
timed at that thane... 11e 'complained that the Trustee's'
•
had riot exerted themselves, to settle this claim.--
Another circumstance he wished to advert to, was
relative to Mr. Tboma-s Hammersley., That Gen-
tleman' had on the preceding day consented
,to, anti
'offered to sign the arrangement. He 'was oust now
inforatedithat Mr. Hanmaersley wished to resign
his functions as. Trus'tee, and to be diSeharged from.
all the duties- attendant upon, that situation. -Mr.•
Mansfield hadd-dOubted how far this could be done, :F
under the Trust Deed there was, however, an ex-:
. press provision made in that deed, for theresigna-,
two of any one of the Trustees, and for appointing
another. Trustee instead of him so resigning., He.
- thought it became •note. aequeStion, , Whether any,
• arrangement could take place.until.the appointment
of another Trustee ? • It was the duty of the Triis_.
tees, if there was any. failure in .the payment of the
monies due to the Renters, to-call'upon the Nla-
riagers for an account of the receipt and-expenditure
. "of the Theatre : they had,..hoWever,' all along re
fused to do this. , He wished to suggest the pro_.
priety of appointing an, Assistant TrUstee, who.
should take care of 'the Affairs of the Theatree and.
receive an emolument proportionate to'his trouble ;
and .that he should .be appointed by
.the Lord Chan..
-cellor.—As to Mr. Grubb, he was no more a Pro-,
prietor of the' Theatre than a Proprietor of Lin- '
coln'S-inn Hall.
Mr., MANSFIELD said, Mr. Hammersley was ex.
I _
tremely desirous that himself and his House should
be, relieved from all further. anxiety relatiye td- this.
subject,
The.LoRD ClitiNtEl.l.olt said; he felt mirch"re-:
get many years, ago, when the Court felt itself
bound to take •into its hands the. management of a'
speculation on the prolts of placesmf publio amuse.;
. mew. He thought the Court would have .been
i
• well warranted n saying,. that it ,was not called:
1 ,
upon to take-upon itself tne management of -any con...
cern of that nature,. hut having; decided in the cases
.of the Royal Circus, and the Opera-house, it was
now • too, late tosay so,_ though he could'not help
expresSlri '
g his' regret, whenever a similar su)jed.
• . came before him. • The ca-se riow before;the Court,
~arose out of a Bill originating nnder tlie-trtist
*Deed of 1793. lea, Deed. which was -framed with
every possible -care and kno‘viedge oflaw ; but the
with all its providence, :was_ utiabJegio -make
sufficientptovition for a concern like this. lly.,this
Deed,- hoWever, :all -the. concerns of the 1 beam,
• were to be provided for, and, consequently, from
the very nature 'of,it, great personal,Trusts _were
re eui red -Mr. Linley and M. Sheridan were
thought by, all. interested the most likely to n4eit •
•• a .profitable speculation. The., House was accord-
ingly built at a great expence, :and His :Majesty's
Patent obtained; 'arid here he could riot help oh-,
serving, that it would be.better if Patents of this
nature. Went to regulate-in what manner such .a cop..;
cern should be carried cu and condued. Having
Obtained; havever, the Letters Patent,. money to .
carry on the concern was to be obtained by another
mode, that of- Rent Charges, tile Proprietors of
which were to participate. in the profits of the
Theatre. It was.obviotis that those who were
to participate in- the profits of thee Theatre, or
who possessed the ultimate .pruperty, could have
nothing unless the Performers and the current ex.
pences were paid,. Of this, the Rent Chargers,
with a due regard to their own interests; seen-red
perfealy -sensible. Messrs. Linley and Sheridan
were entrusted with the management of the Thea-
tre, and were empowered to appoint a . TreaSurer.
They were, to pay the Rent Chargers, provided,
sefficieot remained ,for that purpose, after paying
the current ex.pences of the Theatre. "The number of
Rent Chargers being considerable, they could not aft
but by merms'of persons representing them. Mr. T.
Hammersley liked the concern sufficiently to engage
in it with Mr.'Ford, as Trustees for securing the pay_
rnent of the Rent Charges. If the case should arise
when either of the .irustees should wish to resign,
there appeared in the Trust Deed a provision, by
means of which another person might be •cloathed
. with the charaaet of Trustee; but as long as Kr,
Thomas Hanunersley remained a Trustee, he was
bound to ad according to the provisions contained
in the "Trust Deed. It was his duty, whenever
the 451. per night, was not paid, to refer to the
Treasurer's Office to examine the accounts, and sa-
tify himself whether the expenditure was according
to the pro Visions of the Deed. _ If he found that jus--
, tice was not done, he had no alternative but to re_
sign, or take along with him the interests of all
concerned. jr) saying this, he did not mean to re_
flea upon the chara6ter of Mr. Thomas Hammers.
ley, who had charged himself with a duty which no,,
manconld contemplate without fear and trembling ;
but no compromise could he,made of such ,a duty
- Short tif-ge,tiing rid of it altogether. The concerns
became more embarrassed, and in the year 1'798 ano-
. ther'Deecf was executed: •• He thought Mr.Tho-.-Ham-
rnersley Was-oat-well-nktvited in executing this Deed.
Be could not see hog the pit-money or the box-mo-
‘ my could be appropriated by the Deed in any other
waythad according to the Deed of 1793,- nor hoW
those who were ce.stu;ylle Trust, under the Deed of
. .1793,, and not parties ro the Deed of 1798,
.could
be bound by the latter. . Mr. Thomas .Hammersley
was not at liberty to-exert a greater anxiety forthe
Rent-alat-kers than for -the other persons provided
foe by the Deed of i 793. He was not at liberty to
.:provide that the-Reno-Chargers should be.paid in
preference to the PoWrrners, and other current ex:.
, pences.. The'Deell of 1798 expressed , too much
.anxiety for some. .;t Who were ceui Ike,Trus; under
the Deed-of 1783, and too little for oathers. •It
• became. a question, hoW far the Drekti--. -of 1798 Va-
. 'tied the liability. of the parties' ander the• Deed of:
1793. '1 he case, liovveven, 0?a-'not rest here ; it
came'beibre the Court for its-orders in March. and
,in June !8o . The grealst ilifliculty occurring, to
the Court in such a casA, must be the impossibility
of.having all the parties interested.befbce jt "; and
if the parties could not agree amongst ',themselves,
the Court necessarily had the.greatest impediments,
.
to.grapple within the execution of its 'duty. The
Order of lVfarch 'Sot was made by consent ; and it,
Would be a Lesson. to. him neyer to make an Order:
h) consent, without thoroughly
.examining the.
subjea relative to. which the Order was made, as

' the Court must take up the cause of those palliest
who
,were absent. -He .was.' perfedly satisfied, if.
the Deeds of 1793 and 1798 had been read to Lord.
.I.OIiGHBOROUGH, the Order of'Mareli .
was' very like a breach of
..the 'crust-Deed
1795, would not have been made. 'Upon -an
equal footing must- be placed: the Order of June.
18ot, of which he himself took the blame., If
the pit-money could not be taken-from:the general
fund to, be applied to any particUlarpurpose,- it was,.
obvious lie could not.add the .boX-money to the pit-
money, and leave it to hazard whether a sufficient
'fund' -%vould remain foi- the other cistui que trusts of
the 'Deed Of 1793. :There was a liberty- iii' the:
Order to apply_ to the Court‘,for the appointment of.
a R.ece:iver. The. .Order itself,
.11(1,W-eV-et, was :a
breach of the TruA DeedH-He wound do:what he.
could do, and-what he Ought, to,do, in this case,;,:
,but ha WaSfultiv ser•vible of the difliettities he ha:l
to encounter,. and-was glad of every assisrance•from..
the Parties themselves. Upon the Proposals now
handed .to him he ihoiald„.o'ffer no opiiiion at present,
but take a few days to- consider them., It seemed
not kerydifficult CO decide proVedively,; but7when
the subjed\ was taken in a retrospcdive pdint of
•
view, it appeared extremely diffictilt. Withrespea
ro the- Arrears, would exert himself as far as. lay
Within the jurisdidiOn of the C,'outrt to satisfy all
partic•-4, but they Whist b)aine" themselves it he did
not go: so far as they wished: If anv Creditor
chose to-go on till his'ilebr. amounted ;to • rbo,oooi4 •
the Court :might order the "fheatre to bee
blown up as to order the debt to paid--it could
not be-done,; if a Credikor.'chose to go in that
way, he must take the consequence. If- any Per,
former was•to have. ioool., per week, and chose to
let that accumulate for..-a whole year, he Was not to
say. that;:the Rent. Charges. were not to. be paid,
-until the sum which that Perfriner had thus-chosen
to accui,nulateWas"liqUidated: he could not do. this=
he must attend to the Nnir.fide.F., and the praCtica-
bilitieS on all. sides. As ,to ,the armors due-to
Mr. Grubb, it would be verydiffieillt.to.,say,' that
he- who ',was reptitsented as a Ptroprietor should'
stand in the ph.tcx..'ci a Performer. :the case
of2.Mr.:White, arising out of; Killigrew's Patent,,
-it was a guestion for consideratiOn, whether it was
provided for by the I Deed.; VCTith te-Sped to
,the-Dtike of Bedford,.-no-arrangement that he-could
,makel•VOUld alma' That Nobleman as ' landlord.
might, hOwevf,r, :be "flirly ,supposed from,.the chit-
-r;ider of --the Duke of Bedford, that he . would not
do any ad -without an abSohite: neeessity, which
might deprive a number of persons -Oldie liyelihood
they -were struggling -far. As to Mr. 3haw, he
was, provided for by the 9. As to the
case-of Mr. Holland, :though it was not" befote the
Court,-he certainly could not ()Nell ro thdt Gentle,
man's putting iii an Affiilmiit invindication of, his
character, arid he could not but lament, that
tions thrown out -loosely in., a 'Court-of justice,
which N'Velf unsupported by:evidence, and Cvliich
tended to relied upon- the elpraftees:ofindividuals,
-shouldifind their'pay into th.;,, Papers. Upon
" this ground, he objeded to die publicatiOn of the
zroceedingS whielvtook place at the Police Oflice
I relative to per,ons apprehended for 6ffer.lce's of which

theA mighi afterwards turn out to be innOcent:—
He thoui,lic this pra&ice highly inimical" to the kn_
terests of public justice; and. frequently extremely
injurious to_the charatier and fair-fanie of
duals. His Lordship. ordered 'the- business to stand
over till Monday.

OLD BAILEY.

SEVENTH DAY.---WEDNESDAY, DEC. 9.

,peter Caicorem: was. iodined for the •capital of-
fence of HighwaY kobbely;-- in feloniously ASS:WIC-
ing Mary Dye, putting:her in -fear;-and.. fOreibly
taking from her person'a silver watch, a black-sattin
cloak, and ;Other articles her property..
This was a case of- extraordinary aggravation,
and the Prisoner,, from the evidence, -appeiired 'a
criminal of the 'blackest dye.. •It appeared-he had
been convicted -in the early part of the Session of
robbing a ship. In the present ease- the material
fans were---that on the 16th of .06fober,- he and
the Prosectitrix, an-unfortunate feMale; fell, in:With
each other between teri'and eleven o'clock at. night,
and went to a public-house to .drink some
The Pro.secutrix‘visl-...Al to pay for what they 1141, but
not haing sufficient money,, she- proffered a silver
watch,' which she hati;.to.the landlord, as a temporary
deposit; but this, he was unwilling to take. The
Prisoner then- intet fered,' paid for-the, liquor; and
they "departed together : they -had.' not. gone far,
when the,Priioner forced her• up an' unfrequented
court, When he. insisted Upon having the watch from
- her: „. The. poor creature' refused; and naturally
Made ',some noise; to-Which the remorseless ruffian
knoCked her down with so violent a blow, that-, as
it arrpeamd,',sh,elay in a state of insensibility and
stupefaCtion -for -near- three boors. A W‘i tehman
found her in that yrrible situation at about two
o'clock the neat rnornitrg,',lying . senseless on the
paVement : her cloak had'been taken 67,41:her ; the
watch, of course,, goivl and her .poekets
-r-The Prosecutrix swore positively, to the fans
on the part of the Prisoner, .previous to her
being knocked down and the landlord of the
public-house pbOve:. noticed, proved • the, Prisoner
had been 'wish her the night.of, the i 6th of Ono-
ber, and that she had .offerealiim a' silver watch,
.as she had stated ;,--and, it farther,,4ppeare-d, in• the
course of the evidence, that whew. he was .appre.:
hended on the charge of, stealing in the -Ship, he
confessed the crirri,e which wits the Subje4 of. the.
present Indiffinent ; and, as we .underbtood
ness, eXpressedhis_mish that he'migt be harzed,,
On testimony,to the above_~ g-en,cral. effect,, the
Jury had little hesitation in finding. tile„Prisoner—.
(Pailo—Death.

- - -
,117111 alls Hendersor, a man of respeaable appear-
ance, :vas charged receiyin.g.a very
large quantity Or nails, kno;ying thenf to have been•
stolen, the property ,of Messrs. Terry,
ship-builders.
'this case occupied the attention.of the Coll-M.3
-
Consideral& time, but our contra&ed limits- clo not

1.0 !.4 D Nt I' ri nteq; by 13 Li 61i. •Ik‘iiN ,M \IILJ.A Nit (of 13ow-SlTc.ct, (;oyent-
At the Suri.OFFics) No. tlxs Sti and 1 whexe Adiirrriseriww, Orders is
