• trnTas. •
.011-T.ittzs,day last, at. Blithtield-House, Staffordaire,, t 1.6
Right lidn. Lady Bagot, of a San.
On Friday last, at *Eton College•• the Lady of the Iste,'• "''
Keatei Head Maqter of Etou, of a. Daughter,

DI ED.
4
Ott the tOth it at• his' seat at Pucknall, near Roal'0-
,
Cha:.:,N Wade,
O.) init. at his botise at. Ball's Pond, near.Newitl-
L'i,..nias Golding, :Esq. of Cornhill, a` rd 53 3car~•
Oo the Lt ,A. at his hause at Bath, F. riaronl:eals:
of New Lo e, Nliddlzsex, .o:ie of His Majesly's justices 0,
the Pel:we, and 4 I)qmty Livateriairt for that County.
The same day, at :,waif ageil 36, of. a lingi.aing: c3Li;
stugption, Lieuienaut I.'dv.sard Twille, of His Yeajesty sLria
ttlitv cr. . .

,

ITICE OF :STOCKS ON.SATURDAY.
Bank Stock, 22:x.. x: , In,dia Pfunds; 7s. dis.
N:try 5 ,er Ccnt...sliut Old Ann. '-
,
5 per Cent. 17f)7, -2 -Exiilequer BillS, 31d. per dale ' ,
• • .
4 per Cent, 71 - Is. E. 1
i i
3 per Cent..lted. 51 GT* Glii, 1 Ditto, 3id.per.er.ty, 9.4. 5',. ~r '
1
3. pet Cent. -Cun. ihnt . 'Omni-run, ItQl--1 11 ••••
Bank L. Ann. 15i 11-14:ths Cont, fur Opening tk.-..i.,i-?,ii -
Indfa .`...-"tuck,

HIGII WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW'
Albrniug, mio at,:s atlcr 4., .I;,i-e!iing, We, fLc

, .
PROSPECTUS OF A EW WEEKLY PAPER.,
TO kV CALL:.D
THE NOTTINGHAM GAZI-'‘,TTE;

OR,
POLITICAL, LITERARY, 11.GRICULTIMAL, and -CW-1"
MERC!AL REGISTER, for :the 11111 ALAND
IN requesting the attention of the Public to a
new ,neekly Paper, we feel oorselves botend in duty
stage distinctly the reasons which induce us to engage in-,
ulidertakiing ; the principles upon which we pantos,: to c°"'"
duct it; an 4 the means that we possess to render it deseivieg
the Patronage Which we:presume to solicit ---Prifessions"i
public principles, we are sensible, have been so feeninoilly
employed -to disguise schemes of private interest, that the
should disdain to wake theni, were we not conscious of our
sincerity; and willing,; that our sunsequent conduct should,
at till times,. be compared with our present declaration,. We
have seta, with deep regret, the attemptS -which have heel'
made in many parts of the eenpire; and; especially, in this
and some- of -the neighbouring Counties, by. means of that
powerful engine. the public Press, to, excite popular distant-
tent; to dbprceiate the Blessings which we enjoy e to fahri-
&tee imaginary grievances; end to- introduce false tent pia:is:-
hie theories, as destradive of, individual happiness, as they are
subversive ofpublic tranquility. In a word,. we have seen
every expedient, that the most mischievous ingenuity count
devise, employed to infuse poison into the public mina; to ex-
cite a general spirit of insubordination, aad, under the pre-
text of reforming, to destroy the vital principles of the Coo'
stitution., ;With a view to countaraet these daingeron.
trio,;, and to defeat these pernicious uttriinnitions by tea:-
did appeal to the good sense of our countrymen, we propose
to estanlish the Nuctingharn Gazette.
it is unnecessary to detail the outrages which have so 10.4
agitated' and disgraced this' part of the Country. We toe
conviaced, that they owe-their origin and their .progress to
the: malign:nit hyalites of, pretended- Patriots, win) hat'e•
availed themselves, of the temnporary depression which ear •
commerce has experienced, to propagate diS:outent, and to
excite insurrection. To supply an antidote to the era, and
to convince our deluded Countrymen, that such conduct tends,
not oniv to.sap the foundations of cimiilize:l society, bat ne
ftustrate the purposeS which-they profess to pursae; we new •
-venture to athreu, and shall always be prepared to mninnon,
,that industry and dishonesty cannot lonk prosper together ;
that the same system, which 'leads to the plunder of the
opulent, must deerne the poor, both of the sources eond of
the fruits of their labour ; and, that tile hanpiness of indi-
viduals; as well as the welfare of the State, equally depeed'
tionin obedience to the Laws, and attachment to OW
Since-41)(1cl' of the mischief which- we deplore Le , nuen
eaneed by the abuse of the public Press, svc fiZZ 6!l' Ott' •f:
.thal, by the legitimate use of the same v,
lie able to conittibt-5e esseotiatly to theeee:
Ire shall, therefiire, omit no (tnne:At/nee ,• , ..n
tine uufutindeilw •• • °
and of detect u, -en iebouis.d n.
tcr anti t, , U:
We profess ourselves to oc 52:2, L.: i•• ;:, • "to .
t 11• genuine
eerineiples •of the ; ni •
in Church and :etate, grateful for ti:` bit3iii;;;; -
its. -influence, we enjoy, and determined to 'eenten 1,, t, the
utmost of our power, against the open attacks of foreign, and
the secret machinatiOne of• domestic, -enemies. M'e. calumet
contemplate, without detestation, those insidious and de-
structive theories, which are calculated °illy to tender 'lieu
dissatisfied with the actual gOod, which they pessess, and to .
engage them• in the pursuit of delOsive -and' unattainable
perfection. Our opinions are founded, not upon speculation,
but experience —We have _seen these theories :educed to
practice iii a neighbouring country ; and have bewailed the •
melancholy result.—We have seen, that. when the most el:t-
umorous profess its of zeal fur liberty have been elevated to
power by popular Meour, they have exercised that powee
with the Most cruel and remorseless tyranny. Thee were,
indeed, • dreadfully -impartial -la their crimes. Their een-
guinary,ferocity, W its ex. ended indiseriennamely to all eldeies
of the community. From; their wealth, thy Bien cot Id .le-
rive no protection. • in their onscuritye the Poor could nod •
no safety. Such-at lent was the excessive and tinp.ontleltd.
wretebedoess, to which the advocates for speculative liberty
and universal equality had redeent the people of France,
that they, have been coopeileiltto close the sanguinary cot.-
filer by submitting to the ;inject slavery of military despotiole
To uninank the artifices, to ueleat the designs, of factious de-
magogues*, and to save, as, far as we ;lineable, our country-
men limn any similar consnorenees will he (tee:tied our hest
reward. -We feel-no slavish anthelmient •to -any of 'the greet
parties inthe State; , but we; shall give oar contideuee and •
our supporkio tie:seinen, who, by their conduct, prove liner
zeal and devotiun to that Constitution, under which 'we en- •
joy so many blessings; and by which -we have hitherto I; een
preserved safe amidst the ruin and desolation .of. &liana
every other Kingdom. But, al: the same time that we defend •
orneoWn opinions with firmness, we shall` hear with candour,
and insert with cheerfulness, the arguments. of. those .wits
differ hoot us, when .staten with ,that liberality which. we .
'lope, on oar part, never no violate. Such arc the princi-
ples which we profess : and should it ever be proved that we
abandon theta, we shall be contPti to:he considered ashav-
nig forfeited every claim to political con iii@nicy, and' tei p-oh-
lie favour.

Having- explained the leading principles 014. oar intended'
Puhlizatton, we hare ortly to inention tic ..hnrditiate ar-
l•ange.ments.. The iarportance as well as the intriettey of the—
inanumeturing particula:ly as they are connected
with thc prosperity of the Midland Cannties, dernatid at this
• itiv;•itig.,iition, watch We shall eadeavoar
to COLltidet with moderation and: nth lily. tinder the gni:lance;
of local knowlealge and= practical exi.tcrienee., we erti,.;e
the relative prhileges of the niaster§ and the wockmen: " last
while cue suggest measnresior prevene.ng iti.o a-s and for con-
ciliating reciprocal Joalitlenee, we d.,,,ter4ed _from
exposing the fallacy uf gronatilesSconi;daniti, or the gala u
lawless violence. We flattitroarsels et, that by the early I:no:
reign and Dothestie In, ellig4rice v.l,ich, we arc en tbled to 04---
Lila, we shalt-not only equal, but ex,:el our ;:ompe,itprs. 'rite
. news front the lieu-ports t article 4., a,s inter,sting "J.,
COMMercial Country; will p:,; ticular attention
and;byoUr Clarrespondents at Livrpool, anti Ht:il,'
we shall anticipate even the ilapyrs with respect tii;
tie ports. It will Itc our study it4%,ay to procure tit&
lagest and matt autirentif! infJrniatiou 'dative to -the aliltars'
of Agriculture and of C ann.-::e, and a certain portion-of our
Paper xvill be allotted to iltill3oplitial and-Lite:•axY Discus—
sion. Our 1-1-raders, inav al.,;() rely uptgranding in the Notting-
ham Gazette., the moSt.correct 'ateoc,:its of the proceetEnpo- of:
the Courts of Law, of the Transactions in our L7niversitie,-
of Church Preferments, of Nova' anti Military Promotion's, of
the Mor.ements of Troops, of Fairs, Markets, Rates, and
public Anius.,:niciits; in siva: t, we shall Fpare
nor eipenSe a render out Paper tlirthy of the patrunatse to
iticth w;.! aspire. We :17e awebre, howeyer, that the Public.
will eatiinata... our inerita tiJlt, by our promises bat by oar "
(.rforniance and that criterion we' are content to be
judge.d:

:me NoT rINGRAM GAZETTE will be published on the
Pt is DAY of JANumri,l9,l3, and on every FRIDAY through-
out the year, by Mr. -TuPmAN,. High-street, Nptiaghani,
where Advertiserpeuts, Orders for-the• Paper, and Letters for
thefEoFrOa; (past paid.% will be thanktnily received ; also,
at TAYLER and-NEWTON'S, No. 5, -Warwick-squ'are,- and mr
Witurs, -sleet--,Areet, London. . • -

I'rice,-Sixpenet-141penpy, pr Seven Spillings and Sixpence.
per Quartt,r:
