AFRICA.

(EXTRACT OF A LETTER, DATED CAPE COAST, .10)Tt 19.)
Since the Northumberland sailed, we have
received a copy of a letter (dated the 24th of
March) from yourself, and other merchants, to
Mr. Hay, with his reply (of the 31st of March),
acquainting you that .it was the intention of His
Majesty's Government to abandon these settle-
ments at ti e expiration of the present year, al-
lowing to the merchants (should they be disposed
to remain) for the purpose of keeping up a
militia force, 2,0001. for the first year, 1,5001.
for the next, and 1,000/. for each succeeding
year. I must beg to trouble you with a few re-
marks on this subject, on which we have
addressed a memorial to his Majesty's Govern-
ment, and a letter to yourself and others : you
will perceive that we consider it quite impossible
to support such a moderate force as will ensure
us protection with the sum which has been pro-
p,osed. The annual allowance by the Dutch for
Elmina is 5,0001.: will the British Government
place us on a less respectable footing ?
It seems to me that one consideration has not
had due weight with his Majesty's Ministers,—
namely, the very unfavourable impression which
will be made on the minds of the natives, by its
appearing that we are deprived of the support of
our Government at home. If they once know
that we have only our own resources to depend
upon, adieu to safety and proteetion, both to
our persons and property. On however small a
scale the future establishment may be formed
(and we are quite convinced it will be on the
lowest possible), it is, I think, of the utmost
importance that the local government should • ap-
pear to proceed from, and to be supported by,
authority from England. If his Majesty's Go-
..
• vernment objects to having the trouble of ma-
naging a settlement which they deem of so little
importance, might the affairs not be conducted
by .a committee of three or five merchants in
London, which committee should have the ap-
pointment of the few officers required here, and
be accountable to Ministers for the expenditure
of the annual grant : the natives have been accus-
tomed to the name of a company or committee,
and would respect such authority as heretofore.
With perfect justice his Majesty's Govern-
ment seem anxious that we should not possess
such a force as to enable or encourage us to in-
terfere in the disputes of the native tribes : we
never desired such a power. We request only
such a respectable.force as will enable us to pre-
serve a neutrality, or, in case of attack, to defend
our lives and property; but if our strength be
too much reduced, we may be compelledon case
of being threatened with another hostile visit
from Ashantee, to join the states situate between
them and ourselves, and thus our .weakness
would be the cause, instead of being the preven-
tion, of war. When I take into consideration
the naval force supported on this coast, I cannot
persuade myself that the prevention of the slave
trade is a matter of indifference to his Majesty's
Government ; and I will undertake to say, that,
if.further reduction takes place in our force here,
that traffic will be revived to a great extent. I
doubt not that Commodore Bullen will bear wit-
ness to the evil effects of withdrawing the Go-
vernment establishment, as exemplified at Accra,
and (under similar circumstances) such would be
the case hese.. By the authority and influence
of the British •Government, the slave trade has
been entirely suppressed in this quarter; the con-
dition of those in a state of domestic slavery
has been much ameliorated, anti every dis-
couragement given to a continuance of that
system. Through the same influence, hu-
man sacrifices, and many other barbarous
customs have been abolished ; magistrates have
been appointed, before whom causes are brought
for adjudication, by which means serious and last-
''ncr disputes have been either prevented oramica-
bly,arranged ; to these authorities the people in
genera? pay willing obedience,—the weak finding a
protection against the more powerful; but if we
0
have not a sufficient force to aid us in the ese••
• cutiou of the laws, a turbulent and factious Chief
with numerous adherents may set us at defiance.
The first steps towards civilisation are ale most
(Moult, _though perhaps the least perceptible.-ss,
It is certain that considerable improvement has
been effected during the last ten years in the
manners, habits, and customs, of the natives in
4he vicinity of our settlements ; schools have
been establi.shed, and many youths educated at
them are now gaining a respectable livelihood.—
Are Their fair prospects to be blighted ? Is all
that has been done to be lost for the sake of a
trifling expenditure, which will, at the same
time, extend our commerce, assist the cause of
humanity, and promote civilisation ? We con-
fidently trust that his Majesty's Government will
yet take a more liberal view of this question.
I hope to be able by next vessel to send you
a favourable account of the progress of our nego-
elation with Ashantee. We trust that Captain
Ricketts will be continued ;it the coniznand, at
least till this affair is settled, and some other re-
gular system of government is established ; he
has had some experience in the country (which
is of great importance), and his manners and
conduct to the natives are firm, yet conciliating;
with his very limited means, his administration
has beeo very beneficial. Gloomy as our pros•
pects may appear, with reference to the late com-
munication of the intentions of Government, and
the yet unsettled state of affairs here, we look
forward with (we trust) a well-grounded hope to
the future ; and we feet a sincere, an honest, and
a proud confidence, that I.vben peace shall be re-
stored to the country, the commerce of the Gold
Coast will prove of such value and importance,
as fully to have deserved and to justify the best
exertions of our friends.

We have just seen' a carrot, belona:b'nc, to
James ,Duncan, shoe-maker in this place, and
which isrev in his garden, the root of Nrhich
measures na 2ess than two feet ten inches. The
crop is also of a ISoodly-size.—Elgin Courier.
EXT RAO RDI NA °A.Y ATTACHMENT.--A gen-
tleman in this neighbouriePod has in his posses-
sion two. cats, one of which has two kittens and
the other only one, kept in the Om place and
fed by the mothers alternately. A f.,-.7 days ago
one of the cats was observed to convey a live,
mouse to the kittens, and as• this was nothing
remarkable, no particular notice was taken of it,
hilt in a day or .two afterwards, a . boy on going
to look at them, observed a living mouse amongst
the kittens, evidently quite at- home, allowing'
itself to be taken in the hands, and exhibiting'no
sic/li%
. of fear from its situation. On one Occa-
sion a Di
, . ece of cheese was thrown in, when part
""t Was eaten by the mouse and the remainder,
fthished by one at the old cats, which waited pa-
tiently till the little animal had supplied its wants.
consider When we the natural propensities of
eats, we are unabletoaccount for the harmony
these
subsisting between,e
two s o families of cats and
-this poor mouse, int,,,
;hat such is the
case.--Stockport Advertiser.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de France, dated Sept. 9.)

CONSTANTINOPLE, Aun. 10.—The Porte spews
such repugnance for every kind of negociation with
the Ministers who have signed the Treaty of London,
that it seems even to intend to break off the inter-
course with them on ordinary business. The con-
ferences respecting the free navigation of the Black
Sea, respecting which the convention of Akermann
is not sufficiently clear, are said to be completely
suspended. M. do Ribeaupierre has found himself
under the necessity of referring to his Court, for in-
structions. Up to this day the Ministers of the three
Powers have not made any forinal overture to the
Porte relative to the Treaty of London.
Our capital is tranquil, but the military prepara-
tions continue, especially those for the marine, which
the Sultan appears to consider of particular im-
portance.
We learn from Alexandria, that the Pacha was
collecting a number of vessels of all sixes, in which
about 5,000 men were to be embarked for the
Mores. It is supposed that this expedition will
reach its destination at the end of August. The
assistance of the Egyptians is depended upon to
reinforce the Turkish marine, and to complete
Ibrahim's army, which haS suffered so much by sick-
ness that his operations have been paralysed. Mean-
time; he overruns the whole Peninsula, collecting
the harvest and the wine, which he sends to the
magazines at Patras. It seems that he has given
up, for the present, his views on Napoli di Romania,
though he still keeps up a correspondence with some
of the Greek Chiefs in that town.
One of his letters to Colletti, which has been in-
tercepted, must have convinced the Greek Govern-
ment that it was on a volcano. To prevent greater
misfortunes, General Church took the resolution to
secure the possession of Fort Palamide, but as the
Suliots would not obey his orders, though he is Ge-
neral-in-Chief,-he was obliged to employ force.

ALEXANDRIA, JULY 11.—The latest accounts
from France have inspired the Christians here with
the hope of a decisive mediation in favour of the
Greeks.

Many persons think that the Egyptian expedition,
though the sth of the'new Moon is fixed for its de-
parture, will be detained here by superior orders; or
by the threats of the Powers, or by the real force of
the European squadrons, which are before the port.
VIENNA, AUG. 30.—Severin Jaroszinsky has to-
day expiated his crime, by suffering capital punish-
ment in the presence of an • innumerable multitude.
He died like a hardened villain, over.whom the con-
solations of religion had no influence. On the way
to the place of execution the people pitied the wor-
thy priest, who endeavoured, hot in vain, to perform
his office. The criminal looked almost like one out
of his senses—a hideous laugh, mixed looks of aver-
sum to the priest, alternated with fits of weakness,
which his robust constitution seemed, however, to
resist.

(From the Quotidienne.)

PARIS, SEPT. 7.—Some German Papers announce,
that the Infant Don Miguel had taken his leave of
the Emperor of Austria, previous to taking his de-
parture for Portugal.
The Austrian Observer announces, that Colonel
Washington has died at Napoli di Romania, in con-
sequence of the wounds he received in the last dis-
turbances, of which that town was the theatre.
The day before yesterday an extraordinary courier
arrived at Paris from Madrid. After having stopped
for a few moments at the hotel of the Charge
d'Affaires of Spain, he set off for London.
(From the Constitutionnel.)
(PRIVATE CORAESPONDENCE..--By EXPRESS.)

MADRID, Auc. 31.—.-Every thing is calm here, so
that I have only to add to my letter of the 27th,
that some new and very curious details have trans-
pired on the fall of M. Recacho, and some informa-
tion respecting the situation of our Camarilla and its
intrigues, and upon our position relative to France
and England, which are the Powers which are per-
forming the first parts here, Russia and Austria
having abandoned almost entirely to their manage
Klent the affairs of the -Peninsula. The dismissal: Of
M. Recacho and dissolution of the Police were signed
on the Ist of August; nevertheless, M. Recacho,
who between that day and the 15th, went three
times to St. Ildefonso, knew nothing of it any more
than his agents, so secretly was the affair conducted;
and, on the 15th, at midnight, when he ceased to be
Intendant-General of Police, and at the instant that
M. Zarilla entered his house to inform him of it, M.
Recacho was engaged in sealing the daily report
he was in the habit of making the King, a report
in which the Ministers were not always spared. It is
not to the Apostolic party alone that we must attri-
bute the fall of M. Recacho, for it is known beyond a
doubt that what are considered the moderate. Minis-
ters largely contributed to it; so tfit it may be
safely said, that without jealousy which the favour
enjoyed by M. Recacho inspired them, he might
have resiste the whole Apostolic force, who now
alone enjoy the frUits of the victory the moderate
party aided' in obtaining. The supreme Camarilla
consists at present of five persons; two of whom are
Ares, two moderate, and another a mere weather-
cock; the first are ie Duke de l'lnfantado and M.
Calomarde ; the second the Duke de San Carlos and
M. de Grigalva, and the third is M. Salcedo. M.
de l'lnfantado lets M. Calomarde act, and approves
of every thing he does : M. de San Carlos and M.
de Grigalva each act their own way ; but in in-
trigue and activity they are far behind the first ; as
for M. Salcedo, sometimes he serves one and some-
times the other of these parties, just as it trusty suit
his interest.
(From the Constituaonnel.)
PARIS, SF,Pir. B.—The Moniteur congratulated
its readers yesterday on the issue which it calls for-
tunate of the affairs of Portugal. In its expansive
joy, it sees the confirmation of the general peace of
Europe in the accession of Don Miguel to the
Regency of Portugal, It even sees in it the con:
firmation of the Portuguese Charter. We wish this
may be realised; but there are so many modes of
understanding, interpreting, and executing a Charter.
The Moniteur, protesting that it respects the Charter
of Don Pedro, wishes for some modifications in it.
If Don Miguel follows its counsels, his first care, on
entering Lisbon, will be to recast the institutions
adopted by his brother. We are surprised that the
Moniteur, in giving that advice, did not remember
the words of the Legislator—" By the side of the
advantage ofamel i orati rig, is e danger ofinnovation."
We must not forget that in this phrase of the ordi-
nance of September the sth, the word Innovate is
synonimous with Destroy. Do we trot, in fact, run the
risk of destroying an edifice, when we attempt to give
it a new base ? There are some fabrics so fragile
that it is sufficient if we touch to destroy them. h,
speaking of the general peace to be consolidated by
the arrival of Don Miguel in Portugal, the Moniteur
finds itself led to say something of Spain. The
words are too significant not to be reprinted. "It
is also to calumniate Spain too much to believe that
the single word Charter excites in her, as it were,
an access of hydrophobia. She has ascertained that
under the regime of a Charter the rights of Sove-
reigns can be defended, and revenged." If we
understand this remarkable phrase, it is now beginning
to be understood that the only means of pacifying
Spain 5 to give it, or rather restore it, free institu-
tions. We this long ago. We have repeated
itior these ten years; lout during these ten years what
a nl3mber of events base happened.--what a number
of obstaeLzs are opposed to therealization of our wisheft:
so lately become the wishes of the 111onitoir ! Can
we forget the prochimatlais of Ferdinand, in which
he has acsoften declared, very energetically, that he
would alter nothing in the forms of his govern-
ment, and would Maintain, in all its plenitude, the
absolute power he had receive.d from his ancestors ?
—Does what is now happening at Madrid, at the
Escurial, in Catalonia, make the moment well
chosen to think of listening to the wise advice of all
the persons who have endeavoured to ascertain the
state of affairs in the Peninsula ? It may be said
to be never too late to follow the counsels of expe-

HIGH WATER AT LOND
Morning...l4 minutes after 6.

`~,'
;.,.~..5~,-

*/.llllrt+

serve a description of punishment amongst them,
which can be in a great degree dispensed with in
the case of the ignorant and less civilized people
composing the Native Indian Regiments.

Hamburgh Papers to the 9th inst. have been
received this morning. They mention one fact
of peculiar interest to the lovers of literature,
namely, the visit of the King of BAVARIA to
congratulate GOETHE on the anniversary of bis
birth-day. His MAJESTY is the true friend of
genius, and thus takes the best way of showing
his admiration of one whose talents shed so
much lustre on Germany. In after ages men
will remember the friend and admirer of GOETHE,
when the King of BAVARIA will possibly be
forgotten. The homage which greatness pays to
genius invariably redounds to its own honour.

PETEUSBURGH, AUG. 25.

On the 18th, his Majesty and the Grand Duke Michael
laid the first stone of the New Church of the Transfi-
guration, the old one having been burnt down about two
years ago.
His Majesty has written an autograph letter to General
13enkendorff, expressing his satisfaction at the ♦ictory ob-
tained by him over a numerous body of \,Persians, under
Hassan Khan, between the villages of Seinti and Scholli,
and at various successful attacks made during the siege of
Erivan.

WEIMAR, AUa. 29.

On the 27th, in the evening, his Majesty the King of
Bavaria, arrived Lere quite unexpectedly, with very few
attendants. The next morning having visited the Grand
Dute and Duchess, and viewed the pictures by Kranach,
in the principal Church; and some of the public Establish-
ments, his Majesty, accompanied by the Grand Duke and
the Hereditary Grand Duke, went to the house of Goethe,
to wish him joy on his birth-day. When they entered the
room Goethe was surrounded by a great number of persons,
who had come for the same purpose. His Majesty, after
offerity, his congratulations, presented to Goethe the Grand
Cross of the Order of the Civil Merit of the Bavarian Crown,
expressing a hope, that there might still he room in his
breast for this mark of his esteem. The conversation soon
tamed on Italy, and became very animated.
BHRLIW, SEPT. b.

On the 25th of last month the 4t h battalion of the
line, and the Landwehr of the 3d corps, commanded by
his Royal Highness Prince William, his Majesty's sons
went into camp, at Teltow, for autumn reviews, and on
the 31st the seven cavalry regiments of the line and
Landwehr belonging to that corps, as well as the third
brigade of artillery, also arrived in the camp, which his
Majesty visited the same day. On the 2d his Majesty,
with the Princes and Princesses of the Royal Family, at-
tended Divine Service in the camp. Prince William has
his head-quarters at Teltow. Many Generals and officers,
and persons of distinction, have arrived here, to be pre-
sent at the reviews.

Accounts have been received, this morning,
through France, from Barcelona, to the 29th
August, which state that the Carlists had en-
tered Munreze, on the 26th, having surprised
the Governor and Lieut.-Colonel of the 2d
Regiment, who were out patrolling, threatening
to shoot them if any resistance was made. They
also disarmed 400 troops, and carried off 14,000
piastres which were in the public chest ; and put
under contribution several of the principal mer-
chants. The letters also mention, that it was re-
ported that Iqualada had also been taken by the
Rebels a few hours after the cavalry had quitted
it. In short, every account from 'Spain furnishes
further proof of the state of anarchy which every-
where prevails.

---,""eranttie- or a -letter -Oath- "Smyrna, dated
August 4 :—Vice Admiral Sir E. Codrington arrived
here on the 24th tilt. in the Asia, and sailed yesterday for
Vonla, to water. His Majesty's ship Talbot sailed last
night, for the coast of Troy and the Dardanelles, to over-
take and give protection to the Rambler and other vessels
bound that way. His Majesty'S ship Carnelian will give
convoy on the 7th, for Malta, to the Charlotte Wylie,
Amanthea, Henry, and Czar.

THE FUNDS-(MS DAY).

CITY, Twßzrs o' CLoor.

. Although there is very little increase of business
in the English Funds to-day, the market appears
inclined to improve; the purchases made by the
Commissioners for the Sinking Fund, as well as
those by the Saving Banks, taking off all the surplus
stock on the market. Consols opened at 871, buyers,
for account, and 878 for nouey; a slight improve-
ment may be stated to 87i f, at which price they
continue. India Bonds are 93 4; Exchequer Bills,

60 2 pm.
The Foreign Funds, particularly Mexican Bonds,
seem to have recovered a little from the weight which
pressed upon them yesterday, occasioned by rumours
of an unfavourable nature; and there is indeed strong
grounds for believing they arise from a quarter which
is celebrated for former deeds of the same disreputable
description. The Bonds, in consequence of a dis-
belief in these rumours, have improved to 66; Colom-
bian are 291 30 ; Brazilian, 671 ; and Buenos Ayres,
G 1 3.

In Shares there is literally no business; Brazilian
Mines are 20 1 premium; every thing else remains
the same, and prices nominal.

A reasonable expectation of news from those in-
teresting Colonies, New South Wales and its De-
peudencies, may be hourly expected, the Cumberland,
Captain Cairns, having arrived from thence at St.
Helena on the 11th July, and was to sail from the
latter place on the 15th for London.
Three per Cent. Consols, 814 -8-; ditto for the Account
ft7ll ; India Bonds, 93 4 pm. ; Exchequer Bills, 60 2 pm.
FOlLBlGlL—larazilian, 67 ; Buenos Ayres, 61 3 ;
ChiEau, 27 9 ; Colombian, 1824, 291 30 ; Danish, 621 S ;
Greek, 15 6 ; Mexican 5 per Cent., 521- Si • Mexican
6 per Cent., 651 6 ; Peruvian, 241 5?, ;ortoguese,
; Russian, 931 ; Spanish, me Y

Two o' Cr ocr.

Consols for the last two hours have been alter-
nately buyers and sellers, for the account, at 871, at
present they are buyers; there appears a disposi-
tion in the dealers to do business in Stock for the
account rather than for money.

Mexican Bonds have been subject to some fluctua-
tion, they were as high as 66-1 buyers, and went
down to 65k. Present. price, 65/.

It is said that the great City Capitalist has come
to a determination not to attend the Royal Exchange
except on Post days, and then only at 'Change
hours. His reason for so doing remains a secret :
but it is suspected that he has lately given tIP sPecu-
lations-of magnitude.
All the acts and intentions of this Leviathan,
amongst monied men, seem to be recorded with the
same care as those of the most illustrious amongst
the people of Israel in olden time.
THREE 0' CL 0 CK,
Consols for Account, 87* f.
FOUR O'CLOCK—CLOSING PRICES.

Consols 87i i Danish Bonds 63k
Do. for Ac. 87-a i Greek Do. 1825, 15J1
Brazilian Bonds Mexican Do. 1825 66
Buenos Ayres Do. _ Peruvian Do,
Chilian Do. --. Russian Do. 93
Columbian 1824, 29! Spanish Do. 10-f

SHIPPIiVd INTtLLIGETCE--(TNIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, SEPT. 10.—Wind S.W.—Arrived the
Coromandel, Boyes, from India; Malvina, Brooks,
from Palermo; Thames, Haviside, from China; Ja-
maica, Morton, from Antigua; Merlin, Wicks, from
Jamaica; and Isabella, —, from the Mediter-
ranean.

PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 10.—Wind W.S.W.—
Arrived the Baltic Merchant transport, from Rio
Janeiro. His Majesty's ship Tweed has put back.
PLYMOUTH, SEPT. 9.—Wind S.-W.—Sailed the
Solus, Cock, for Sardinia.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 9.—Wind S. to S.W.—Ar-
rived off port the Regent, Morris, from Surinam.
LIVERPOOL, SEPT. 9.—Arrived the Brothers,
Bleasdale, froM Aracati ; Caledonia, Bispharn, and
Seafoitb, M'Dowall, from Demerara; Mars, Mit-
chell; John Marsh, Ebin ; Braganza, Sullivan ;
Planter, Nesbitt ; and Miles, Lawton, from New
Orleans ; Parachute, Nicholls, and Superior, Jowsey,
from Charleston ; Balloon, Hamilton, from Balti-
more; Rose, —, from Sierra Leone; ArCturus,
Choldish, from Lisbon; Whitehaven, —, from
Smyrna ; Fanny Connell, Joy, from Leghorn ; Ame-
lia, Ferguson, from Oporto; Cleta, from
Bilboa ; Nottingham, Sharp, from Quebec; and
Petril, Harris, from Seville. Sailed the Tagus,
Wharton, for Lisbon.

GRAVESEND, SEPT. 10.—Arrived the Boyne,
Pope, from China; Scipio, Spencely, from Cum-
berland; Angus and Barrick, Smith, from St. Pe-
tersburgh; and Para packet, Potter, from Para.
Sailed the Ann, George, for Pernambuco ; and Ata-
lanta, Gravley, for Stettin.

The Lady Wellington packet, from Falmouth, ar-
rived on the 31st July, at Barbados, in 24 days.

HAYMARKET THEATRE.—The humorous
Farce of Simpson and Co. is under ravival at the above
theatre, for the purpose of introducing a lady to a London
audience. The character she has selected for the occasion
is Mrs. Bromley. Report speaks highly of the beauty and
accomplishments of the fair debutante.

Mr. HUSKISSON came to town yesterday
morning from the seat of Earl Cowriza, at Pansanger, near
Hertford. The Right Honourable Gentleman transacted
business at the Colonial Office, and sent off dispatches to
Sir FREDERICK ADAM, the Lord High Commissioner of
the lonian Islands. Despatches were sent off also to Sir J.
KEANE, the Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of Jamaica,
and others of the Governors of the West India Islands.

The French Charge d'Affaires (Monsieur
Ron() had a conference with Viscount DUDLEY yesterday,
at the office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

Mr. Wilberforce, after having spent a few
days with his friend, the Rev: Charles Musgrave, Vicar of
Halifax, at that place, arrived here on Tuesday, where he
is now visiting Mr. Hay. We are happy to find that the
venerable Statesman and philanthropist, though labouring
under the bodily infirmities incident to old age, retains full
possession of his mental powers.—Leeds Mercury.
MR. BROUGHAM AND THE PUBLIC CHA-.
lIITIES.-The extent of the service which Mr. Brougham
has conferred on the community, by the Act of Parliament
passed some years ago for regulating and recovering cha-
rities, may be appreciated by the following fact :—By a
late decision in the Court of Chancery, the lease of the coal
mines belonging to St. Bees' school, in Cumberland, which
Lord Lonsdale became possessed of from his ancestora,
dated 1742, for a term of 867 years, has been set aside as
not tenable. The consequence is, that Lord Lonsdale has not
only to pay several thousand pounds in lieu of rent, up to the
filing of the bill (1821), but, whereas, before this proceed-
ing, he was paying merely a nominal rent of Si. 10s. per
annum, he now accepts a lease on a certain rent of 3001.
a year, and subject to such other tonnage, rents, or charges,
as may be agreed upon by indifferent persons skilled in
colliery affairs.—Liverpool Commercial Chronicle.
KING OF FRANCE'S JOURNEY TO ST.
03tER's.—His Majesty left Cambray at half-past eleven
o'clock, and at his leaving the town the Municipael
Body again paid him their homage. His Majesty re-
mained an hour at Bouchain to visit fortifications, and then
continued his journey to Valenciennes. At Valenciennes,
in addition to the usual persons who came forth to re-
ceive his Majesty, he found 2,000 colliers ranged along
the road in brigades, carrying with them the pickaxe. and
other instruments they use to dig costs with. The Mayor
of Valenciennes, M. Desfontaine de Prettx, presented his
Majesty with the keys of the city, and pronounced a long
discourse ; to which hie Majesty replied, that he desired
nothing so much se to contribute to the good of hie sub-
ject& His Majesty entered Valenciennes about three
o'clock. His Majesty afterwards received the different
Authorities, and was complimented by them. His Ma-
jesty, at the intercession of the Mayor remitted the fines
imposed on eight persons for fraud, who had suffered the
term of their imprisonment, but were unable to pay the
tine and the coats. His Majesty afterwards visited the
arsenal and the citadel, and in traversing the town was
everywhere met by cheerful acclamations. After dinner
there was a ball. His Majesty left Valenciennes on the
next day (the 7th) for Douai, passing by Saint Arnaud and
Orchies. his Majesty is to visit the collieries at Anzin,
and the foundery at Resmes.

By way of New York, letters from Mexico to
the Bth, and from Vera Cruz to the 14th of July, have
been received. A conducta, Os escort, with specie, was to
proceed for the coast from the capital in about three weeks,
but it was not expected to carry more than 600,000 dol-
lars, which would appear, as the letters state nothing to the
contrary, to be all on private account. A document had
been made public on the part of the Government of Vera
Cruz, relative to the expulsion of the ex-Finance Minister
Esteva from that province and another individual, whose
name is Don Fausto Acedo, had been appointed as Com-
missary or Civil Governor of that province, the same
office which Esteva had been deemed unworthy to fill.—
If We may judge from appearances, the dispute which that
question was supposed to involve with the Mexican Execu-
tive is subsiding into insignificance, and will probably be
heard of no More. The paper war carried on between the
political factions in Mexico continued to rage with great
violence, but the country generally is said to be in a state
of tranquillity.
MR. WATT'S MONUMENT.—A monument
to the late James Watt, Esq. has very recently been erected
at Handsworth church, near this town, in the neighbour-
hood of which, for many years, this celebrated character
resided. On the south side of the church, close against the
communion, a Gothic chapel, about twelve feet by eight
feet, has been built over the cemetery of Mr. Watt's family,
and in which the remains of this gentleman arc now de-
posited. The interior of this erection is cased with stone
from the celebrated quarry at Roach Abbey, in Yorkshire,
the ceiling of which is also stone, grained Gothic. Nearly
in the centre of thebuilding stands a marble Gothic pedestal,
on the sides of which are cut the arms of the deceased, and
on the front an inscription. Through a Gothic arch in the
wall of the church, this exquisite specimen of the art is
presented to the view of the spectators, and which will
stand among the best productions of Chantrey, to the me-
mory of one of the most scientific characters of the present
age.—Birmingham Journal.

A WELSH INVITATION.—Mr. Walter Nor-
ton, Mrs. Walter Norton, and Miss Sandys' compliments
to Mr. Charles Morgan, Mrs. Charles Morgan, Miss
Charles Morgan, and the Governess whose name Mr.
Walter Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton, and Miss Sandy* do
not recollect, and Mr. Walter Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton,
and Miss Sandys request the favour of the company of Mr.
Charles Morgan, Mrs. Charles Morgan, and Miss Charles
Morgan, and the Governess whose name Mr. Walter
Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton, and Miss Sandys do not
recollect, to dinner ou Monday week next. Mr. Walter
Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton, and Miss Sandys beg to in-
form Mr. Charles Morgan, Mrs. Charles Morgan, and
Miss Charles Morgan, and the Governess whose name Mr.
Walter Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton, and Miss Sandys do.
not recollect, that Mr. Walter Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton,
and Miss Sandys can accommodate Mr. Charles Morgan,
Mrs. Charles Morgan, and the Governess whose name Mr.
Walter Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton, and Miss Sandys do
not recollect, with beds, if remaining the night is agreeable
to Mr. Charles Morgan, Airs. Charles Morgan, Miss
Charles Morgan, and the Governess whose name Mr.
Walter Norton, Mrs. Walter Norton, and Miss Sandys do
not recollect—Llandillon Castle.-- Country Paper.

MODESTY.-A gentleman, on his way from
Boston to Vermont, stopped at a tavern, where be met an
ingnisitive country fellow, who raid to him, "where are
you come from, if I may be so bold ?"—" Not bold at all,
I come from Boston." " Where are you going, if I may
be so bold ?"--" Not bold at all, I am going to Vermont."
" Who are you going to see there, if I may be so bold ?"--
~ aM going to see the widow M." " Are you a married
man if I may be so hold?"---" lam a widower." " Are
you going to marry the widow M.,: if I may be so bold ?"
—," That's— bold !"--American Paper.
