the guet-ane. di,l,„nnur of eettaele so iniquitous:. (..),,k, the eve of prorogation the House was now were sena-jetted by the Catirt. The House Ste;till
•
The epita ti
ets an .Hon. Ge„ti,rila- lipplied to Ole' _moved, and gomgeo vote'a large sum to Mitslaaera. likewise recolleCt the late of thl Court of l'aertno,,
Skye Trade belonged .to . it, but those concerned in , Heeeonfessed, that theconfidenceappearedtoogreat, and the transaaious in the fary of aajetee (tie-
it might he •entitled to more indulgence. TtaaAho- and the period. too long. - He apprehenged that alliance of Buenaparte should l)e regarded, and the
litien Act hail beet) opposed .by some froin princi- • Ministers durittg any previous Ses,ion never posses,ed consequent. probability of connection bet w,en
phis of humanity. • They had anticipated failures in so small a portion of ahe centidience oldie House ;in France and.the Queen of Napl.es. It aepeare.d from
our. coml.-name,- revolutions in our colonies-, and fad ;the.event expeOed froth day to day was the dis- genuine letteie, that otters ha l been made, acid an
massacres on the coast of Africa, which happily had solution of the Preseht MinisteY.—When..Gentlea attempt to shake off the allia lice orbigiarof ree'
not taken place. lf it were to be passed again, he .: inch:recevered ftwatheir-Stltile, he requestel them to English bayonet was.. perhaps the only thineein t re- '
believed many who formerly opposed it would now -. re:olleat the situation of atfairg; and of the country.- vent it. There. Was no part t)f Europe'now:calett-
give it their sopport. He approved of the Address ; A Right Hon. Gentleman opposite, at- a morn: tit ' lated for a fresh expedition. He was Sorry that '-
it-,only pledged the House-lo do somethieg, and no important to the epuolay,
_vacated his seat in Parlia- the Session eleaild Conic toea close without a (fair
bed}' contended that not hina sheml.l be done: in a i [tient to receive dlucralive sinecure; as jo hislate cussion- on the affairs df.Spatte. He could
.not -hut
moral point of view. a breach of the law like that ad- E 'election, there appeared the greatest hesitation ' regret that has Right Hon. /Friend, who as no-
vet-led to by,, the Honourable Gentlernap oogle to . among Ministers whether he should be eleeteceor tie:; oa.a -motion on this st tbjeot, should posfpnne.
be punished more severely than b 5 penalty.— ride- He-was now a- Lord.oethe Admiralty. The :it from day to d..iy, and rit last chop it entiatZ
It 'had been thought a solecism thaa. the Slave i same 'Right Hon. Geotleman filled ail, office in the ' lye Whatever different eoptnions were enter= .
Tnide should be abolished, yet an attempt to" O Administration of Lord Sidmouth, which Admini- a tarried on the subjeete he: was, coefideet that tat.
revive it not be made felony; but practieel ex- station went out with a majority of 34. The : discussion would be of use.. It was rather utifortn- "
perience sometimes ' proved that to be eight I-,liause shouldrecolleet the manner in which the nate that- a star in the lar i constellation of orator;
which abstra& reasoning would condemn a.; vvrorig. Attny of Reserve Brit was treated ; it was Lord Li- ; should let such an occasion pass by without makit
If, however, men were so .abandoned as still to Verpool advised•it. late feelings of public•men were a display of his elo-qu.'nce and of his talents. --17 i;
carry on that 'abomiretble traffic, in defiance of the now IntiCh altered. The Right Hon Gentleman House sheuld consider th f misconduct' of Geneel
law, be thought it might be proper to resort to vacated lea seat on the: eve Of. acieestion which Cuesta, the ahatojeful and .ainhuin'ail tiei.,,4'eel of the
measures for infii6ting severer punishment in the proved the- little confidence it) Ministers; he -re- sick in the Englistaartny, tad the bas&and cowarciff .
next Sessions. It was a 'disgusting-phenomenon to : -turned to give his vgete in a similar Oi)Q, so that he desertion of the -Spaeiarr' a; froth the: British Arellea/ '
see a foreigner in our courts claiming of Bliti,li ju- !. went out and came in, in a minceiay. He now ' ' after the battles of I deo s-a, a coeduet'sO infaitaaaa
dicature the restitution of a number of men as his, could not but admire- that Ministers sbould retain as to incur the dreadful iunislenent of decitnatteta.
property, which hete
hadaoro from their hoes, and their plates, should,stiil conceive them to be posts of A's 10 the Junta they co..teilted their oVvn paltry 'in-
was carrying into, slavery. Under-the. abolition law lionoura, and laugh at the House of Courtions.a-- terests, and were deve flied vith petty intrigue.
all negroes were to be enfranchised' by an officer, to , They stood' on a majority much narrower than ,they Lord Wellington state( a in his dlspateees, that ea,'
whorrethey were to be. deffiered by the career, add ! ought to stand on. (lie decision on the Catholic -army ;was ever so bad IT treated. Generals Bleat:
then to. be instructed in the means of gaining a fa-. ; Claim seas a proof of the's, yet still the had the'con- and Alburqnerque, the Wait' men: in the .:1 country e-
ture"subsistence. Daring the time such a cause was
fidenco to go on., 'lt nova seemed to be 'an incontto- pahle by .of performing. al thiege were blamed ;red
pending, the men must be in slavery or .at- liberty, a
vertible position, that the influence of the Crown ' thrown in thesback err tuna, because any.other mei-
and if at liberty, troy> great was the I'irdship
to be ; had reetined -a Ministry in which 'the House. of sure Wou!d be an o-ft'elice to General Cueata; 'l': .3
-
highly recomniended in tin-
the
`Commons had no confidence. In the formation, of man wile bait beer, ea
again delivered up to slavery. 'He 'than 'spoke of
wardship to which the captors were in conse- : a Committee of importance, the 'Right Hon. Gen- a dispatchesof Lerd V Icilesley and Mr. Faere, Was
quence'subjeeried. Hatt li.. laten aware Of those •
tlenian's nomination of a Member had been 'op- 1 no "in this nietropc )is. There avaa'nOW no opPO-
circumstances earlier in.the,Session, he should have. I posed, the report aftarwards. was made ,contrary to sition'md:l• 1' i
waeate, tr.' a French parole approached,
sonic
proposed remedy-for the evil, thinking as he his wishes.--11; .the:Bullion COmmittee, of which` thero tops peaked u, i and raft away and as toe.be
did that the interference of Parliament was b,eces- he was a Member, lie had been- defeated by a large British arinyethey t. ere not furnished •.eit her u lib. -
sary. ,He thought the settlers in 'Trinidad had do- majority .At the time of the stoepage of the Bank mules or provisions ; not even a biscuit . -Was given
right to compensation,' as at the time they weteen- in 1707, when the-ruin of the country
.was declared, them ;in a word, t:.lere was no Governuient in Spaitt
couraged.to settle theta., they knew it Was intended if.lylr: Vitt's measure had heen defeated by suela. a to rally round. klit was afraid Gentlemen di.; not
to 'make -the . experiment of raising *Sugar Without majority, his Ministry wend have been sliaken, .loak into. the imp, lreine pipers which• lay 'upon the
the assistance of slaves. -Thoie colonies in which' Yvi the iTha se was now about teplace the confidence i table. It appeare! I t hat even • the provisions t.;-raire;
there-were no slayes, boasting more internal seen- iof three_ millions with Mitiisters in a similar situa- ,to the British Ai any were Mterrepted and . carried -
rity than others,- vt,ere, necessarily less cape: ce to Lion. He bow knew that the intention of the Right away by the Spa! tiaids. Lord-W, was harasseea ha
the parent -state. He thought it became Govern- j 1-lani. Gentlemp,.t- was to 'end the Sessioo 'ea soon as the Junta e, he sa Az lii-s. .rnen and his hotses 410'4
merit to pause before they concluded a treaty with he could; and keep
.off Parliameet, He postponad through want, and after suffering i i this contra}
South America, without stipulating that their i)o, • the meeting of it for, his Own pi vate and political T every speCies of li 'erdship, General Cuasa evi ales 'et
pulation shall not be fed t?.)? •-heW lipPortations purposes, and persuaded- the King net to convene it ' a letter that the "? English have no heAr: to fight,'
of negroes from Africa. This country ought to i till the. last- guinea was spent and mere necessity Was it possible that the House couid •,:,...alsent .to eiC-
consider itself authdrized.to suppress the slave trade, Obliged 'him. Seeing the smooth appearance on the haust in this way ; the resources of the coutlit'y ? Ile
whoever (be parties were engaged in it. , i face of the Cabinet last year, lie never thought such Wished that Lord Wellington and lag 'army were al
Mr. CANNING, in giving his consent to the Ad- things'would have keen disclosed, as carpe-forth ro , England ; if the) i were to tight he. e as.contieeet it
dress; as inGptiet.l to be modified by his Right Hon. the world this_ Session. As to domestic affairs, the would be,a.glerio. is though a bairen battle, at) sach,
Friend, would not pledge hirnselato.go the length prospect was gloomy, especially within the last few as described by tle &mk:lids 'a vie:tory --16:dih• fruit-
the- Hon. Gentleman might be disposed to go, nor rveeeka, the situation of the country, and of the har- • less. Suppoehio; Portugal could be deftpeke, tete,"
Would he give a definite opinion against this pro- vest, was, unpromising, as far as his opinion went
.• was no possible- chance of success in Soain, the vets
jea.- It had never been said, that if foreign powers the country was to be prepared'for. a scanty harvest -:. idea wits chime- lical. The- Hon. Gaeta:ewe con-.
Would not assent to the rnea:iure, England 'would he hoped however that it would not be supplied in tended that not ling 'mould be puree by prelonaital.
compel them by war. He was against going to ex:. i the detrimental way in which it was before. It wet; • the war in Spae c, ; that the 'best step -watch ceuet
trethese but he hoped he should not, be thought necessary .to husband oar
,itesourees, ' and he hoped be taken is ould he to ,Aiilidraur every satlier 'llea'
wanting an humanity and ardour in the cause. All that if the calamity should arrive, ~vilich frOm re- the Peninsula. He lamented the :11Orticl'e..,\.ceiists.i0
had been done that could rationally be done with a dent information 'he dil not expect, we should not which the Spo litres aveie congealed to iesert, hi
view to the ultimate attainment of the objed. IVith have occasion to resort to foreign aid. Much was havn-g drownt tl it, one- lust nee up wa ids of 'io'!
respeEt to capturing American-ships engaged in the - always talked of those persons who, as it' is called, French- prison e-s. This was ;1 sy,turn of- wzirtai'd
Slave *Trade, as such a Measure was fraught with buy up the corn, the praetico either in plenty or ' mulch to be co a erinied. Jae wishei.t to krao,ewhot
danger, they would do- well to pause betore they scarcity lie deemed most beneficial. Tw.enty thou- Was the. polio; i Ministers int,•nde,d iii tutute to lair'
came to aarecision on so nice a point. . " : - sand quarters of giaha frorf) Christmaslo the pr&sent sue. with regei ito ,lie' Paniiisula. aae then 'referred
Mr. HIRBERT staled, that in the 'lsland of Ja- day ivere daily brought; into London.; at all-events, to the court'; iondence-Wid.,:h had bean avowed by
maica there bad not been introdoCed pyre negro he, thanked God that America was now.openao its; : Ministers wit i respeB to the proje...A of Baron coll.,
illegaly',sinee the abolition-of the Slave Trade. He and he 114 hopes that all our wants would be sep- for stealing a key, Ferdinand- \'l -1-1 e should be
,gave his support to the motion. Plied, provided nothing occurred to take away-our -a glad of some :account of that transattion,.especialki
' Mr. 'W. SMITH explained. . "k resources. He asked why this vote was asked for as his Majes7 y's name had been introduced into it
1. Last ear three millions had been voted.— ' alb di --
at al y
.. with some ii.t..speet. In" short, the whole of the,
Mr. BROUGHAM congratulated himself on the ap-
Tee posture of affairs was now altered., Austria
,:' transaction le el on'-drawn-Up Miaisters the ridicule
probation which his motion received., Be never '
was_ now in alliance with France—an alliance ce- ; ,of Europe. , Fardinand rejected the otter, and-cte-
blamecl thcinlention of Ministers with respect to
merited_ by the union of Buonaparte with the Arch- 1 nouneed Col ti ; it leichindeedebeen said that. Colli this subject. He adverted lathe Porttiguese abolition,
duchess. Louisa. With respect to America `a Right i had since ab ;en execute-:. With ter to the-
and bore testimonY to the chara6ter -and ability of 2
Hon. Gentleman opposite seemed to think that he Continent,of ''„Europe, every thing teas gooe; aocl it
Me. Aranjuez. The American Govertiment he be-
bad departed froth the pledge which he made of at- wls but to at iother (palter of the N:..'orld that i\i‘joi-
lievedsto be sincere in its attempt to aboliiii the Rare
tacking him on the subject of the papers before the
.`iaters could. I .pok for the- salvaiion of this couotty, '
Trade. - He, thanked Ministers ,for their candour, .
House; from this charge lie. would exculpate him- : The iadeper (*hence of South Atlterit..a, mas the.gr,j and proposed that early in the text Sessidn a posia
self, he had been asked by the Right Hon. Gentle- objaet to wl. ieli Ministers might to look. a He- coo-
five arrangement might be come fo, and make that -
man if he had
_read the Americas) Papers.; he had i eluded by o, ipositig the third readifig•et the Bill, la'
felony and crime, which in its nature was felonious a•
.man
.no, but at the same time mentioned, he the reasons :le hadalre.kly stared. ;
and criminal: He- consented tie Withdraw' the pas-
would be prepared to answer his quiestiou
.on tLe i
sage from the Address.
.- I
ensuing
The question was then put, and carried nem con. . Monday; . - , ' .
leeted having a motion on the Stamp Duties; be
Mro Bitouttam then meved, that the House
thenthought it to be a leSs irreoolarit to make -,
. . ~ . . y ,
should take the subje6t into consideration 'early .
his Motion, and took . the opportunity the neat
next Session.—Ordered. .
(ley of Vating
,his feelings on ‘ the former 'sub-
VOTE OF CREDIT.
. , jest. He stated that his . feelings differed from
On
-.the motion for the third reading of the Vote those of the Right Honourable Gentleman,
of Credit Bill, . _.
-
and chiefly. in ' his accusation -• against' Mr.
Mr. WHITBREAD' said,
_that as the subjeet it- . Erskine„ for acting in contradtelion to his in-
self was delayed so long., notwithstanding its int- I struCtions. The justification is not brought, be-
portance, he thought it better, to' postpone his olea - fore
.the House, but he.was.thOughtto be gutlty-of
nervations, till the Bill Came to its peesent stage, a great incivility towards-Mr.,Erktne in his Official
He wished to make some observatiotis on the bus', department. He,. however, apprehended that he
ness of the last three weeks; it was' tHOgt HlColtVe- i Was justified by his instructions in ataing as he did,
nient, .the.Scssidn, it .NIrS true, 'was labofious, •hut
"i and . believed that an opportuuity was then lost of
it was too short ; there had• been greater incon- i settling ' with America. Having said thus mech.
venieniences experienced than in' an ee y preeding with regard to the negociationa he thou-alit that a

Mr-. CAN /CMG -rose, and m a most .eloquent.eloquentid
;
forcible_spo ,c 1), ekfressed his atiik,-y- to state .L
reasons, win induced (rim to vwe for the
With respe 4t.to .the general reasons urged '
Hots. Gentl i..ivan against the &11, it ,ouid be tr-tr.
necessary t follow himthrough the
could not c 3nceive however that the condition
an AdMini, tratiOn ssinclt ha.l received the stippo4
of Pm:hart-le-at through the whole of a -long
which still remained in exfstence at the ent O 'V..;
Session, wt. such, that it should be left tamtine---
vNtli those; powers ordivarily entrusted with
E,xe-ent;ye The Genilemon
tlesCii'oL:d Admini,-itratifht -as a weak W3'3
it then a it'. mask of c.institutional distritit, Co -
additional !kveakness tO such en Adtnini.;t:aii
leaving thy- in without the means of carrying k,O
atlairs .of tirys,....;nrnent ? The Hor,;Ge:.ile;.tian
Intich bet ter move,for a clianr:e -in
Councils tban-cripple their means:. He - had
a long display of,the incapacity of Minisiers ard
state of al zings, but he had not coriclntled tbe.c:'`
bition as on fOrrocr occasions, by calling ;;;/-,,,:eic2, rnY
the only, means -of sal ing the -:out.try: \Vir ;,
therefor r. by his abandonment, -or (as he
termat) the omission _of his faVoorite -topic,' '
Was' boundto say that v, ar was the
in which he
,considered the. present -state of [)''
: With that, view he would ask tip„:
Gentle;:nan, whether in. the recos'there inighr oor
arise eltraordiriary circumstances .to.-call for es'";
oldniary exertions..on the part of the Goveranwo.
:He would only desire hitnto review-the
tions ,Jr last year, 'and see whethtr out of exit aor'',.
dinar); events hope's had-arisen of the repOse ()
.Euroioe. Pie would ask him might he, not ex:
pe:t c.i.anee of restoring her talten fortunes
`Vii tt was the Cause of his desPair with respea
the Peninsula-? Ile,miglit find fault ,with the co'''.
- duet of. some of the Spanish leaders, but surelY.
he wouftl net cli'arge the people with wat.tt (-it •
perse.etance, struck as they had been to 11'°
ground, and ri,ing from their smoking
and from among their slaughtered citizens, to, it
.new the combat . with -their invaUing• enemy,
the glorious and unprecedented struggle he•fowidr-'3.:
hopes, that, by a continued and protracted
Europe inn ht yet be saved. Gear tßruain no 7

periods. . He understood that •the Right HO;
pourable Gentleman opposite intended next. Sys-
sion to make an arrangement to bring forward
the notices and orders on alternate days ; be bad
no. objection to the arrangement, hut. t.e did not
approve of its being made into a standing _Order,
as he did not like to, pyt with the power of olak-
log a motion without the necessity of a preceding
notice., Having stated. thus far, be...wished to call
the attention of the House to one or two sajetis :
ho wished to speak of le tfet ies the st..arriatr, :Ind as in-
fmmation had arrived at the Admiralty which was
liberally•communicated to him, he had the satisfic-

.
great :event now took place, no less than that of
cotabining the interests ot the t Wt.) countries ag-tinst
the interests of France. He asked that was now,
to he done, with Anwrca ? Were the Orders. of
Council to be rescinded ? The madness orthe'Em
.poror of France had. been tortunately great io the
confiscation of,Arnerican vessels, he prvented ate- -
Ty ethirt at union, point of honour now-re-.
rained, whether there 'should or should not be a
revocation of our Decrees till th,,se -ot France were
rescinded'? An utter it was asked for ;
it could not be expected that France would revoke
her Decrees. tinder all these circumstances and'

tion of declaring to the Public that he was convinced
of Jetieries being alive and in• health in America. This
information however he believed not to be the fruit
of the exertions of the Admiralty; but of accident ;

considerations, he wished to know how the three
millions would be employed with reqs_e4t to A:ine-
rica. He was aware of the argument of additional:
,seamen ; in the case olAmerica there Would be a

from the affideavits• ire th 6 pai.ers, had'oo doubt of • superabundance=--the tre pillions, jherefore, abld

his,existence. On the other subject, if the Session had not be thus applied. He now would take a small
lasted longer, he intended making a .rnotion, namely, -review of the state-of the Continent. Sweden ,was
that of the Exchequer" Bills Funding. Bill. Every no more—in the North of Europe we had no con-
one who Had read the report could not but zeknow-. nedion ; Sicily did not want- the application of a
ltdge the necessity of the removal of Sir J. P.2ters sum— i 00,0001. had :bees already voted. 'Regard-.
from the office of Paymastee; as" to Mr. Planta and ing the situation of that country, the House could

Dr. Cualipp,• he b,:lieved them to be honest and not but see that our situation in Sicily" precarious;
zealous servants. Mr. •Pailthorpe, he thought, might it Was not the want of a military force which ren-
retain his office," but when, a studied endeavour to dered it so, but. the want of affection, of the people.
Mislead is perceived, that th,iows 'too great a shade The dislike' fomented every day, and was only kept
on his charador ; he therefore should be removed. down by the soldiery. It should be recolleded, that
slice the British went into that county, they hut
Having read these rem:lrks, Me trusted the Right- ;
Hon. Gentleman wo:Ild make every arrangement to been -treated most unfavourably, the most unj Est
A._ • . . • -.
