the danger which threatens society from this source—
due to the middle classes, that they may be prepared
for the alternative which surely awaits them, of giv-
ing to the working class a great extension of po-
litical power, and uniting with them to procure just
laws—for example, free trade in corn and timber,
and free trade in money, or of uniting with the idle
aristocracy and the arrogant priesthood in coercing
the working classes into unwilling obedience, and
establishing a complete system of servile slavery—
it is due, we think, to the whole community to place
before them the language which Mr. LOWREY ad-
dressed to the people, who have since been fur-
ther excited by the events at Birmingham. We
wish it, however, to be especially noticed that Mr.
LowREY is only one of several persons who speak
in the same or a similar strain, and that they every-
where find numerous and assenting auditors. We
must also especially notice that the report, which is
taken from the Carlisle Journal, is described as an
outline of what Mr. LowREY said. With these
remarks, we beg that our readers will weigh and con-
sider the following language, addressed, as it was, to
a large body of men excited against the Government
and against the middle classes, by many real and
some fancied wrongs :
Mr. Lowrey addressed the meeting at consider-
able length. He said—The hour of action was come.
He had come there to preach revolution, and would do
it as long as his tongue could give utterance to the senti.
ments of his heart. He believed that God never intended
them to be miserable slaves; but that God " gave the
earth to be man's inheritance," to produce food and hap-
piness for all his creatures; and he (Mr. Lowrey) pro-
claimed that doctrine. He alluded to the low price of
labour. What was the use of industry if a man could not
maintain himself and family in comfort? He was as
great a friend to peace as any man. He would honour
the throne as long as the throne would honour him, but no
longer. If the Queen was the mother of her people, as
she ought to be, no mother would revel in luxury, while
her children were sbarving.—(Cheers.) Their enemies
said that if they were in possession of their rights, they
would run into discord and confusion. Was the human heart
so constructed that it would turn round and sting the
hand that did justice to it? The Whigs bad now held the
reins of Government seven years, and yet the national debt
had increased, and the taxes also ! Were these the bene-
fits they had to wait for? However squeamish they pre.
tended to be about bloodshed, they would rather see the
people all dead in a ditch, that in the possession of the
suffrage. To be sure they had a profligate Government,
but they had a still more profligate monetary system : one-
third of their labour went to uphold a set of rascally
bankers, who made a thousand pounds out of an old linen
shirt.—(Laughter.) The banks were talking of issuing
notes for two and three pounds : such notes could only be
designated pawn-tickets. He then spoke of the poverty
of the working classes :—Let them show him the narrow
lanes and miserable hovels, scarcely fit for dogs to
live in, and he would show the dwellings of working
men—let them show him the grand mansion with its
carriage road, and pleasure grounds, and he would
show them the dwellings of those opulent men who
toil not, neither do they spin." Unless working men
were allowed to have a voice in tho Constitution this must
be their doctrine—" no vote—no musket ; no protection--
no allegiance ;no comfort—no work !" He had a motto
which the men of Scotland had adopted—" No freedom—
no comfort in the cottage—none in the hall." Right or
might, take it which way they would, was the only way to
settle it. He knew that the most grievous thing that could
happen would be a struggle of physical force. The Go-
vernment and the rich liked it, and the middle classes
made use of it to consolidate and strengthen their power.
Let the people wait patiently—there was a limit to human
endurance. He appealed to the sacred Scriptures to show
that men were justified in righting themselves by physical
force. Their enemies pretended to abhor bloodshed—
why, it was carried on every day without any effort being
made to stop it l—( Hear, hear.) He alluded to the
medical returns of Lancashire; they showed the children
there murdered ; that double the number, on an average,
died there, to those in the agricultural districts. He at-
tributed this to bad food, bad clothing, bad bedding, and
unhealthy empleyment. There was a worse murder than
that—the murder of oppression. He put a few questions
to the religious professors. "If the people were ignorant,
what had the Church done to remedy it? They received
nine millions a year to educate the people, and yet in the
19th century the priesthood turned round and said they
had left the people ignorant. "If they admit that they
had left the people ignorant to guide themselves in .every
day acts—such as politics—how durst they then preach
the doctrine that God held every man responsible for every
action done in the body ? If so, God would have given
them sense to guide them—if net, he was an unjust God."
But be believed he had given them that power—that man
could distinguish right from wrong. If the priests were
not infidels they would not bold their churches ; but they
stood and preached God's doctrine, and then Burked it.
The fact was they were paid by Government to teach you
to " fear God and honour the King"—whether that king
be a blackguard or an honest man.
We must now repeat what we have before said,
that all these circumstances and this language be-
token a deep-seated disease in society, which ordi-
nary medicaments will not cure. It may be, we
will readily admit, repressed and driven inward by
the vulgar expedients usually employed by States-
men, but by them it cannot be healed.

We announce with regret that Mr. GIBSON has
been defeated at Ipswich, though by a very small
majority. The greatest exertions were used to
bring up freemen and others to support the Tory.
Gold flowed freely, bribes were large, drunkenness,
encouraged we are told, though we can scarcely
believe it, by some clergyman, prevailed, and the
result was that 1,232 persons voted, and on that
gross number Sir THOMAS COCHRANE obtained
a majority of 8. Such evidence has been obtained
of improper proceedings that the election must
be declared void on trial, and we know that it will
be immediately petitioned against. The religious
world, particularly the Methodists, we believe, did
its worst, as Mr. GIBSON said, against him, and it
has been temporarily successful. The Tories
will gain one vote on some questions, by the
election, for a short time, for no doubt
Sir TIIONIAS COCHRANE will move obedient
to the commands of Mr. BONHANI, or Mr.
HoLmEs, which Mr. GIBSON spurned. Only
for a short time, however, will Sir THOMAS
COCHRANE occupy his seat, and on the decision
of a Committee, though it will necessarily be post-
poned till next Session, Ipswich will be represented
by a Reformer.

We shall not deny that we regret this present
decision of the Ipswich electors, for we know few
me_t better calculated to do good service to the
public cause in Parliament than Mr. GIBSON. His
speech on the hustings on Friday, for which we
find room to-day, has enhanced the high opinion we
had previously formed of his talents and indepen-
dence. We recommend its perusal. His observations
on Members of Parliament, acting on party morality,
or on the higher morality of conscience—voting
black is white because it suited BILLY HOLMES or
Mu. Box 'IA m to suppose " that the religious
question was a good opportunity to obtain a party
triumph," or voting because a man believes, from
all the information he can collect, that it is fo:
the good of his country—are extremely forcible,
and will render good service to public morality.
Equally striking are his remarks on the perversion
of religion to obtain political power, and the expo-
sure he supplies of the contrast between the Fel-
lows of King's College, under the Archbishop of
CANTERBURY, memoralizing Government to esta-
blish a system which the Bishop of LONDON, when a
political purpose is to be obtained, regards as an abo-
mination of desolation. Such men as Mr. GIBSON',
to stir the feculent pool of Parliamentary usage
by his novel example and his strong language, are
much wanted in the House of Commons,' and we
must say, using the phrase " better man" in relation
only to the short period of his public services,
that we could have better spared a better man. To
step over the conventionalities of the House, and
speak out in appropriate terms of that mockev of
every thing which ought to be holy, which is now
the daily use and wont of the High Church party_
to describe in fitting language the Catechism
" nonsense," which is dignified by the priesthood
with the name of education, a man is much
wanted in Parliament, and the country will miss
the services of Mr. GIBSON.

1 We set a high value on his speech on Friday on
another account. We can trace in it, we think,
the progress of conversion from Toryism to the op-
posite principle. He went into Parliament an in-
genuous and open-minded man, resolved to study each
question as it arose, and vote consistently with sup-
porting the Monarchy. Btlt BILLY HOLMES has his
name down on a paper, and BILLY HOLMES goes
to him, and tells him that the Corn-law has been
made by Sir ROBERT PEEL a party question, and
n To Ar .
reason,
V r
he must attend in the House of Commons, and vote
against
L but merely calls on Mr. GIB-
SONLIERS' motion. BILLY HOLMES
assigns
to vote.
So,
—O, on the question of education,
the fiat of BILLY Ho
Mr. GIBSON to vote laEinS isthe
sta
believes, after giving the subject mucharantwhich he
considera-
tion,understand
b:g warrant for
will tend to raise the people
th e depthsir d duties
ti
en:
ignorance, and make them
as men and citizens. BILLY HOLMES and Sir
ROBERT PEEL are, however, inexorable, and to their
his decree Mr. GIBSON must sacrifice judgment.
He naturally revolts at such mental slavery— such
degrading party slavery, worse even than is imposed
on the poor humblesOL tenants-at-will, for they only
vote once in four or five years, while a Member Of

the House of Commons must vote twice or thrice
a-week—he naturally revolts, being an ingenuous,
high-minded man, at what is so contrary to his
notions of dignity as having his vote and his opinions
commanded by a whipper-in, and he betakes him-
self to Liberalism, as giving a chance of freedom and
independence. He sees too that the Church is kept
on foot, at a vast expense, to instruct the people, and
he finds when he comes to trace the modern conduct
of the clergy that they are they bitterest enemies of
knowledge, opposing its progress by all the means
in their power. He witnesses the Bishop of LON-
DON raising a religious cry for party purposes ; he
witnesses Dr. Ho ox decrying the knowledge of the
humblest and most convenient art as an abomination,
and he becomes disgusted—thoroughly disgusted, as
every ingenuous mind must—with the offensive corn -
bination of deceit, mental slavery, and hypocrisy
which constitute Toryism. The history of his con-
version is plainly written, and we recommend it
to the study of the Tories, that they may be sen-
sible in time of the dissolution to which their party
is hastening.

The Bank of England has issued a notice that
it will be prepared on Wednesday to receive ten-
ders for the purchase of the terminable annuities
it now holds. This notice produced a great
sensation amongst the monied men, and is con-
sidered as a decisive proof that the Bank is deter-
mined to go great lengths to provide for its own
safety, and curtail the circulation. Whatever it
can do to make prices fall will he done. Mr.
HUME will find in its present conduct another illus-
tration of his principles.

We have received a file of the Bombay Times
to the 19th of May inclusive. A letter had then
been received which stated that an engagement had
taken place between the troops of DOST MA Ho m -
MED KHAN and one of the British brigades ap-
pointed to assist the Shah SOOJAH-00L-MOOLOK,
to recover the Throne of Candahar. " The irregu-
lar horse," says the account alluded to, " fell back,
according to orders, upon the approach of the
enemy ; the latter fancying that they had put the
whole British army to flight, rushed on tumultously,
till encountered by General SALE'S brigade, which
repulsed them with great slaughter, and captured
nine guns." This account is considered by the
Bombay Times to require authentication ; but no
doubts were entertained by that Journal of the
complete success of the expedition. The next
arrivals were expected to bring the news of the
occupation of the Throne of Candahar, by Shah
SOOJA H.

Letters from Lieutenant POTTINGER, dated the
18th of March, from Herat, were received by the
Bombay Government. The City was then tran-
quil ; but fears were apprehended of another hostile
visit from the Shah of PERSIA, who was, by his
agents, busy inciting the neighbouring Chiefs to
unite against Karr RAM.
Letters from Lahore of the 19th of April state
that the life of the Maharajah RUNJEET SINGH
" hangs by a thread." In consequence of the
severity of his late cerebral attack, the power of
articulation was wholly gone. His Highness, how-
ever, was able to take his usual morning exercise,
and was preparing to submit to a course of ho-
moeopathic treatment, recommended by his German
physician—a gentleman in whose skill he places
unbounded confidence.

On the 23d of April a severe shock of earth-
quake was felt at Rangoon and Atnarapora. At
latter place 500 lives were reported to be lost.
Several pagodas were thrown down, and one of a
large size, in the mountains, was swallowed by the
rending of the earth.

The accounts from the capital of Burmah are
more favourable than those previously received.
THARRAWADDEE began to discover that he had
too many enemies at home to deal with to allow
him, with impunity, to add Great Britain to the
number. But, notwithstanding his pacific pro-
fessions, he omitted no opportunity secretly to
annoy and incommode the British Resident,
who on his part was laying the foundation of an
influence which might lead to the redemption of an
enslaved, oppressed, and discontented people.
The intended formation of an Anglo-Indian So-
ciety in London, for bettering the condition of the
inhabitants of British India, excited a good deal
of interest in Bombay. We shall take an- early
opportunity of calling attention to the suggestions
of the Native Press upon this subject.

Last Thursday, in the French Chamber of De-
puties the budget was brought on, when the
Chamber voted for the pay of all the Cardinals,
Archbishops, and Bishops of France, the sum of
1,027,000 francs, or 41,0001., and at the same time
passed a vote of 40,000 francs as a fund for the
promotion of education. This is independent of
the annual grant for the support of normal and
district schools, and is divided among a certain
number of young men who have distinguished
themselves at school, to enable them to prosecute
their studies at the Universities. According to
returns given in by the Church itself, for the three
years ending 1831, the annual pay to the English
Bishops (exclusion of the Irish) was 157,7371.
which sum is to be pared down by degrees to the
trifle of 148,875/. a year, or, putting Cardinals out of
the question, four times as much as is paid to the
heads of the French hierarchy, with just doubles the
population, more (if we include patronage) than is
paid to all the Scottish Clergy together, and more
than five times as much as was voted in the English
budget for National Education, 30,000/.—a grant '
which these wealthy Bishops are moving heaven
and earth to frustrate ! The Revolution brought
the Bishops and Nobles of France to their senses.

Accounts from Vienna, received last night, re-
present the recovery of the SULTAN as in the last
degree hopeless. Some of the physicians in at-
tendance on his Imperial Highness had intimated
to one of the European Ambassadors, that it was
doubtful whether he would live a month from the
20th ult.

We have received the whole of the Paris Paper
of Friday and Saturday.
The French Court of Peers have found BARBES
and MtALolv guilty, the former of murdering Lieute-
nant DROINEAU, and the latter of the murder of Bri-
gadier JOANAS, during the enteule on the 12th of May.
The other prisoners have likewise been found guilty of
rebellion, and of being taken with arms in their hands,
for the purpose of overthrowing the established Go-
vernment. There were 160 Peers present, of whom
120 unanimously voted for the condemnation of the ac-
cused. On the part of the press, and a numerous body
of the Chamber of Deputies, the most active exertions
were making to prevent the effusion of blood. A
deputation, consisting of upwards of a hundred
Members of the Chamber of Deputies waited on the
Minister of Justice, and implored the Government to
sanction the passing of a law for abolishing the punish-
ment of death for political offences. Every enlightened
man in France has become sensible that the political
fanaticism which denies to the Chief Magistrate the poor
privilege of around slumber, of a sense of security in
bed, or at board—in the Council-chamber, in the
midst of his Ministers, in the Palace, in the
bosom of his family, or at a rev7ew, with 50,000
bristling bayonets to defend him, derives its
very existence from, and is kept alive, fostered,
and propagated, by the cnsanguined knife of the
guillotine. The blood of fanatics is the seed of
fanaticism, whether in religion or politics. All that
is wanted to hallow BAaBJs in the memory of the youth
of France is his decapitation. With respect to the
charges of his murdering Lieutenant DROINEAU, it
was not proved in such a way as would satisfy any
English Jury of his guilt. We are persuaded that
had he shot that unfortunate officer he would have
as boldly avowed it as he did his being the prime leader
and mover of the insurrection. The evidence upon
the whole trial was most contradictory, and, on
the part of the Procureur-General, it was con-
ducted with remorseless severity. His defence
of the prompting of a witness by a National Guard to
indicate BARBES as the actual murderer of the Lieute-
nant, after that witness had sworn that be could not re-
cognise the criminal among the accused, is a dark
stain upon his character which can never be erased.
But there appears to he no less danger than impolicy in
carrying the sentence of the Court into execution.
The following is the sentence of the Court pro-
nounced at 10 o'clock on Friday evening :
After the formal recapitulation of the names of the pri-
soners, their counsel, &c., the Court declares :—Bonnet,
Lebarzic, Dugas, and Gregoire to be acquitted, no suffi.
cient evidence having been adduced against them.
With regard to the other prisoners, the Court, consider-
ing that they are convicted of having committed an attempt,
the object of which was to destroy the Government, and
excite civil war by arming and inducing the citizens to arm
themselves against each other :

As relates to Barbes, consider inn that he is convicted of
having, in execution of the said attempt, and pith preme-
ditation, been one of the authors of the homicide commit-
ted on the person of Lieut. Droineau :
As relates to Mialon, already convicted of crime, con-
sidering that he is convicted of having, on the 12th May,
committed with premeditation voluntary homicide on the
person of Quarter-master Joanas, of the municipal guard ;
