FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, JUNE 4.—Wind S.W.—Arrived his Majesty's
ship Satellite, from the North Sea, and remains. The
whole of the French squadron, consisting of four frigates
and a corvette, sailed this afternoon to the southward.
Powrsmot:Th, JUNE 4. --Wind S.W.—Arrived his
Majesty's ship'Druid, nom Lisbon ; and his Majesty's ship
Snake, from the Downs. Sailed his Majesty's ship Do-
negal, for Lisbon. Off port, the Montreal, Chaplin, from
New York—siiled the 11th ult.
FALMOUTH, JUNE 3.—Wind W. to N, fresh breez-!s
and squally.—Arrived the Columbia, Booth, from Ba.
tivia—sailed 20th March, and from St. Helena the 11th
of April ; Thames, Miller, from Tarragoua ; Tartar,
Farmer, from Z Hite; and Elinund Castle, Boyes, from
off Oporto. Sailed his Majesty's steamer Rimer, for the
Mediterranean, with mails. Off port, the Rose, Steel, from
Port au Prince, Betsey Black ; Law, from the Canaries ;
Adonis, Toque, from Naples; Albion, Gill, from Mur-
sala ; and Aimwell, Henderson, from Villa Nova.

LivitarooL, JUNE 3.—Arrived the William Dodd,
Chalker, from Macco and Oporto ; Margaret, Anderson,
from Cadiz; and Kangaroo, R••es, from Odessa. Off port,
the Lady Rowena, from Charleston ; and Lima, from New-
foundland.

BRISTOL, JUNE 4.—Arrived the Faulty and Acorn,
from Teneriff, ; and Ro'•iert Peel, Jones, from Odessa.
QuEBEc, MAY 4.—Not an arrival from sea. The
Minerva, which wintered at Bic, arrived last evening ; she
left on the 30th ult.—no ice bQiow, and saw nothing
bound up.

The Sultana, of Milford, was carried into Yarmouth
Roads yesterday, of►trr being on the Harbro' Sand, and
deserted by the crew.

The Hercule, Bachales, from Guadaloupe to Havre, has
put into Falmouth with loss of rudder.
TLc Barrett, Jun., Lawes, from Bengal, got on shore
at high water yesterday afternoon, close above the
East India Dock entrance, but was got off this morning,
and is now in the East India Dock apparently uninjured.
The hull of the Breeze, wrecked at Anticosti, has been
sold for 1351., and the sails and rigging for 401. Two
schooners sail this afternoon to bring up the cargo eared.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

--, .1

IMPER ALPARLIAMENT

THIS DAY, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 5.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Ur. SPEAKER took his chair at a quarter past twelve o'clock.
Several Bills passed thrOugh various stages on the moticns
Of ii6ri. Membets.

Mt. OILLON pressented a petition from Linlithgow, pray-
ing for the immediate abolition of slavery. Also petitions
ftom the lioyal burghs of ()range, in the county of
/lane and Inverary, rgainst the kill introduced by the
Lord Advocate, fin* reforMing the mode of election in
Scdtch burglig. The petitioners complained that the qua-
lification clause was liked too high at 101., and prayed
that it might be reduced to 51. iii the smaller burghs. They
stated that if this Bill was to pass it would make the mode of
election worse that it existed tinder the old systetn. The Hon.
Member begged to call the attention of the English Members
to this Bill. There seemed to be a gteat predilection in
some quarters in favour of the 101. franchise, Which neither he
riot the present petitioners could participate in.
Mr. gAgliirtillEi presented a petition from Bruton, Castle_
Carp, signed by persons of elery class, against the Beer Bill ;
also petitions thorn Taunton and seiveral other places in Somer_
setshite, against the Registration Bill, wind) Was to be brought
forward this night. The Ron. Member cordially concurred
in opinion with the petitioners; arid would give the Bill his
utmost opposition whenever it came before the House.-.-
(Hear, hear.) The system proposed might be of ad.
vantage to great landowners, who were lti the habit
of sending their deeds to conveyancers in LondOtl, btt
to the small land proprietors it would be productive of the
greatest inconvenience.

Mr. BIDDCLPH presented a petition from Hereford,
praying for a repeal of the malt tax.
Mr. GLADSTONE presented a petition from the house.
holdtrs and merchants of Portarlington, against the corrupt
system of the corporation of that borough. He was not
one who was desirous of breaking in upon established
institutions, but as abuses would creep into those that were
even the best regulated, it became necessary to correct them
when they proceeded to a certain extent ; and he was quite
positive that no corporation could stand more in need of cor-
rection than that of the borough he represented.
Mr. LANGDALE presented petitions from Beverley,
and another place in Yorkshire, against the Registration Bill.
The Hon. Member entirely concurred in what had been said
this morning already against the Registration Bill. He would
not admit even that the proposed system would be advantageous
to great land owners ; it would be attended with great incon-
venience, great expense, and great mischief to all. Why should
persons in Yorkshire, who had been at the expense of erecting
a registration office, with which they were perfectly satisfied,
and after they had been at the expense of registering their
deeds, be put to the inconvenience of registering again in
London

Mr. STRICKLAND supported the prayer of these petitions.
He thought the measure uncalled for, and unwise. Having
been a Member of the Committee last year, he had had the
fullest opportunity of knowing and considering the circum.
stances attending the introduction of such a measure.—
(Hear, hear.) He was confident, if ever it were to
pass into a law, the expectations of its promoters would never
be realized. He could not help expressing his utmost asto-
nishment that it should now be proposed to bring forward the
Bill in almost the identical terms of the measure that was pro-
posed on this subject last year. Whenever it came
under discussion, it would receive his most strenuous oppo-
sition.

Mr. CUR LEIS presented a petition for the removal of all
civil and religious disabilities,—for the immediate abolition of
slavery,—and praying that licensed victuallers might be re-
lieved from the house and window-tax, from parts in Sussex.
Sir J. DALRYMPLE presented a petition from the
Magistrates of Edinburgh, praying that an additional
duty might be put upon ardent spirits. Also a pe-
tition from the merchants and inhabitants of Edinburgh,
praying that a Committee might be appointed to inquire into
the conveyance of the London, Bristol, Birmingham, and
some other mails to Edinburgh, with a view to their being
carried thither within a shorter period than they now are.
Mr. GILLON, in reference to one of the petitions, hoped
that if any alteration took place in the duties on ardent spirits,
it would be by lowering them, instead of putting on any ad-
vance. He argued that low duties did not tend to increase
but to decrease immorality.
Mr. POTTER was of opinion that the lowering of duties on
ardent spirits in England had had a most demoralizing effect.

➢lr. SCOTT presented a petition from Halford, respecting
the Beer Bill, and for the better observance of the Sabbath.
Sir It. INGLIS presented a petition from the archdeaconry
and clergy of the Deanery of Bath, against the Irish Church
Temporalities Bill.

Mr. TYNTE presented petitions from parishes in Somerset,
against the beer houses.

Colonel CONOLLY presented a petition from Donagh, for
the better observance of the Sabbath.

Dr. BALDWIN presented a petition from a Presbyterian
Chapel in the city of Cork, praying for the abolition of colo.
nial slavery.

Mr. F. O'CONNOR supported the petition.
Sir It. FRANKLAND presented a petition from the wine
and spirit merchants of Hurst, in favour of extending the re-
lief of a diminution of taxation to the licensed victuallers.
Mr. STRICKLAND supported the petition.

Mr. F. O'CONNOR said, as his motion the other
night had not produced any advantageous result in causing
the Members of Government to attend during the presentation
of petitions, he was determined, on every opportunity of their
non-attendance, when there was not a sufficient number of
Members present, to move that the House be counted. He did
so on the present occasion.

The SPEAKER suggested that he should withdraw his
motion till after a Member who was in attendance had taken
the oaths.

Mr. PENRUDDOCK then appeared at the table and took
the oaths. After which

Mr. F. O'CONNOR again moved that the House be counted,
when, there not being twenty Members present, the House
adjourned at half.past one o'clock.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.

New York Papers, to the 12th of May, and Quebec
and Montreal to the 4th of May, have been received at
the North and South American Coffee-house.

The New York Papers contain the following account
of an outrage committed on the President by the pulling
of his nose :

" This was the day, as the newspapers have notified,
when General Jackson had to repair to Frrdercksherg, fur
the purpose of laying the first stone of the monument to
the mother of Washington. At the usual hour for leaving
the boat, 10 A.M., the President, accompanied by the
official cortege, reached the wharf, and was in the act •f
stepping on board, when Lieut. Randolph, who you are
aware has recently been dismissed from the Navy,
rushed through the crowd, and, suddenly approach-
ing the President, seized hint by the nose, and rung
it with so much vio'ence that the blood started
It is said that such was the confusion that prevailed, that
no molestation was offered to Lieutenant Randolph, and
the boat being pushed off from the wharf, the President
and his retinue were borne awry before any one had an
opportunity of ascertaining either the physical or moral
effect which the outrage had produced upon him. Every
one asks, what will be done with the aggressor? General
Houston assailed a member of one of the branches of Go•
vernment and injured him seriously, for which he was
lined 500 dollars."

The Montreal papers state that a rumour prevailed that
the Attorney and Solicitor-General of Upper Canada have
been dismissed from their offices in consequence of the
recent political discussions ; but this report is not entitled
to credit.

Accounts from Ilavannah of the 10'h April state, that
the cholera had entirely ceased in that city and suburbs.
The funds are rather on the improvement this morning.
Consols, which left off yesterday :it 891 I for the Ac-
count, opened at 89i, and soon after were done at 90. At
present they may be quoted 89i to 90, with little doing.
Ministers have given notice that they intend to pursue
the same system of foreign policy as before.
We have an arrival from Lisbon and Oporto. That
from Oporto is of an old date. The information from
Lisbon has not as yet transpired.

In the Foreign market little doing.
HALF-PAST ONE.

Nothing official has transpired as yet of what the Druid
frigate has brought from Lisbon and Oporto. AU that
we can learn is, that she fell in with Captain Napier and
his steamers off Vigo.

It is said that Earl Grey's visit to the King this (1,,y
is to tender the resignation of Ministers, if his Majesty
will not grant a new creation of Peers. This is only com-
mon report.

Consols, which were, in the early part of the morning,
89i, have improved to 94 71- for the Account. This
rise is attributed to the shutting of Consols this day, with
a scarcity of Stock.
In the Foreign Market, all Securities have also improved.
We do not hear of an Express from Paris in the City as
yet.

THREE 0' CL 0 CR.
Consols f it the Account 90k -I.

Viscount INGESTRIE, the ex-candidate for
South Staffordshire, in opposition to the new Secretary
for Ireland, is a commander in the navy, and was, never-
theless, appointed by his father, Lord TALBOT (Lord
Lieutenant of the County), Lieutenant-Colonel Comman-
dant of the Staffordshire Militia, in the place of Loid
WATEHPARIC, resigned.
The splendid library belonging to the princi•
pal member of the firm in Lincoln's lon, whose affairs hat
lately attracted so much notice, and which is said to hale
cost upwards of 30,0001., will be immediately brought io
the hammer.

,

97-TT- qC

TISIT

SPORTING lUGENC3_,

ASCOT HEATITRACES, JUNE 4.

The brilliant manner in which Epsom Races " wen
off," and the continued fineness of the weather, 1.11 us to
anticipate a similar result at Ascot, where the most in
viting scenery and the presence of Royalty are added to
the ordinary inducements of racing ; everything, in fact,
combines to render it the most attractive of Meetings.—
Our expectations, formed on good grounds, have not been
di'appointed; on the contrary, they promise to be mt re
than realized. On making inquiries in town we find that
by Monday morning every horse was engaged at Newman's
and other great posting establishments, and many envie-

men were put to their shifts to get to Hounslow. At this
place, where an immense number of horses are kept, up-
wards of twenty carriages were seen waiting at the same
time. The traffic was not confined to posting, as gigs,
taxed carts, &c., were en route till three o'clock in the
morning. At Windsor, owing ta the extent of accommo-
dation provided, there was less difficulty in procuring beds
and stalls than formerly. Owing to this, and to a spirit
of rivalry, the charges have been reduced within moderate
bounds. At the Castle, the preparations, for some days
past, have been on a grand scale, the party invited by their
Majesties for ►he race week being considerably larger than
usual ; their names will be found below. In the pro-
gramme of the week, or the general arrangements on the
Heath, we see nothing in the way of change or falling
off, unless it ► e that we miss the hearty face of old
Townsend at the usual station near the Royal Stand. It ie
gratifying to find that not only is the meeting at present
in a prosperous state, but that the prospects for futurd
years are of the most flattering description. At the dinner
given by his Majesty to the Jockey Club, last week, several
races were made. To the Cup for next year about twenty
noblemen and gentlemen subscribed ; and sixteen to a
Produce Stake! of 10Q sore. each, both of them remaining
open for further subscriptions. The int:rest expressed by
the King, and the zealous manner in which it is seconded
by the higher class of sportsmen, cannot fail of insuring
the lasting prosperity of these popular races.
About half-past one the Royal party arrived on the
heath, in nine open carriages, with the customary atten-
dance of outriders. In the first carriage were—

The King and Queen, the Duke of Brunswick, and the
Duchess of Buccleueti. In the others were, the Prince George
of Cambridge and his tutor, the Rev. Mr. Wood; Duke of
Dorset, Duke of Grafton, Earl of Errol, Earl of Albemarle,.
Lord Denbigh, Lord and Lady Frederick Fitzclarence,
Countess of Errol, Lord Adolphus Fitzt'ltifence, Baron Bulow,
Major Bause, Sir Philip and Lady Sidney, St Andrew Bar.
nard, Sir Frederick Watson, Lady Westmeath, Miss Eden,
and Miss Boyle.

The reception of their Majesties was respectful, with-
out betraying any of that enthusiasm which we have been
accustomed to observe on former similar occasions: Be-
sides these illustrious and distinguished personages tnzre
were present—
The Duke and Duchess of Cleveland, Duke of Rutland;
Duke of Portland, Marquis and Marchioness of Exeter, Mar-
quis and Marchioness Clanricarde, Marquis of Worcester,
Earl and Countess of Belfast, Earl of Jersey, Earl and Countess
Wilton, Earl of Uxbridge, Earl of Stradbroke, Earl of Lich-
field, Earl and Countess of Maryborough, Lord G. Bentinck,
Lord John Fitzroy, Lord Lowther, Lord Villiers, Lord Ra.
nelagh, Lord Charles Wellesley, Lord R. Grosvenor, Lord A-
Conyngham, Count Bathyany, Sir M. Wood, Sir L. Glynn,
Hon. Gen.and Mrs. Grosvenor, Hon. Colonel and Mrs. Anson,
Hon. B. Craven, Hon. Captain Rous, Col. Chaloner, Col. Peel,
CoL Standen, Capt. Byng, Capt. Hunter, Capt. Gardnor, Mr.
Greville, Mr. J. Mills, Mr. Stonehewer, Mr. Batson, Mr. Shard,
Mr. Massey Stanley, Mr. Sloane Stanley, Mr. Thornhill, Mr.
Payne, Mr. Cosby, Mr. Irby, Mr. M. Campbell, &c.

The above lists contains only a swill portion of the
company ; the attention necessarily taken up by the
racing preventing our making it more complete.
Their Majesties remained on the Royal Stand till nearly
half-past five o'clock, at which time they left for the Castle
with the same retinue that accompanied them to the
Heath. It is understood that the royal visit will be re-
peated on Thursday, but not on any other day. We
subjoin particulars of ti e runnirg, wbich did not termi-
nate till six o'clock.

Match, 100 sovs. each, h. ft. T.Y.C.—Mr. Cosloy's
Pussey recd. from Mr. Ricardo's Ellen, Bst. 41b. earl.,
both two yrs.

The Oath:ode of 30 sore. eaeb. Two miles and a half.
Colonel Peel's Ernest, 4 yrs
Lord Clarendon's Datura, 4 yrs.
Lord Lowther'. Lasarone, 4 yrs.

The following were not placed :—Duke of Rutland's
Hawker, Lord Ezeter's Byzantium, Mr. Henry's Protocol,
Ind Sir M. Wood's Lucetta.—One paid 20 sore. and
two others only 10 sovs. each.

Betting-5 to 2 agst Lucetta, 3 to 1 egst Datum,
4 to 1 agst Hawker, 10 to 1 eget Protocol, and 10 to 1
agat Ernest. Protocol made first running at a moderate
pace, Datura lying next him, Byzantium third, and Lucetta
last. For about three quarters of a mile Protocol main-
tained his position, he then retired to the rear, and did
not again show in front. Datura carried on the running.
Byzantium still keeping behind her, and so they came
round the last turn ; here Ernest went by Byzantium, at
the divance beaded Datura, and won very cleverly by a
length ; Hawker was fourth, Byzantium fifth, Protocol
sixth, and Lucetta last. The pace was innifferent.
Towards the finish of the race a shower of rain fell, it
lasted for about ten minutes.

Match, 150 soya. each, b. ft. ; the old mile. Mr.
Cosby's Bravo, Bst. 101 b. (Robinson), beat Gen. Grosve-
nor's Falernia, 7st. 111 b. (Nat), by half a length-11 to 8
on Bravo.

Produce Sweepstakes of 100 sore. each for three yrs. old
Old mile. (19 subs.)
Mr. Stonehewer's Toby
Duke of Portland's c. by Lottery...(J. Day) 2
Lord Chesterfield's Dirce (Natt) 3

The following were not placed :—Duke of Cleveland's
f. by Whisker, Lord Exeter's Mantilla, and Gen. Gros.
venor's Blue Eyes. Betting-2 to 1 apt. Lucius, 3to
1 ag4t Puerile, and 4to 1 apt Toby. Dirce made play',
followed by Mantilla and Pledge, Toby waiting behind
them till half way within the distance, where he ran up
to Pledge, Dirce and Mantilla giving up at the same time.
Tohy, full of running, kept alongside the Pledge colt HI
within two or three strides of home, then left hint, and
won by a length easily.
His Majesty's Plate of 100 guineas. To start at the n;vr
mile-post, go once round and in.
Lord Clarendon's Datura, 4 yrs ...(J. Day) 1
Mr. G. Edwards's by Camel, 3 yrs. (Edwards) 2
Gen. Grosvenor's Languish, 3 yrs... (Nall) 3
Mr. S. Stanley's br. to Kate, 3 yea. (E. Pavia) 4

Betting, 2 to 1 against Datura ; S to 1 against
the Camel filly ; 4to 1 against Languish. littura
made all the running, and won easily by three quarters of
a length.
Sweepstakes of 100 sovs. each, h. ft.; colts, 71t.
fillies, Sot. 31b. New mile. (11 Pubs.)
Colonel Peel's Young Rapid (Pavia) 1
Duke of Grafton's Octave (J. Day) 2
Duke of Rutland's Shylock (Robinson) 3
Lord Tavistock's Anglesea ...(G. Edwards) 4
Even on Octave, 5 to 2 against Young Rapid, and 5 to 1
against Anglesea. Octave cut out the work for about half
'he ground, where Young Rapid went up and ran with
her to the distance, where Day discoverei that his mare
P 748 an octave too low. Young Rapid had it all his own
way to the end, and won by three quarters of a length.
The pace was good.
Match of 100 sovs. h. ft. ; three quarters of a mile.
Mr. Gardnor's Tarquin, 4 yrs., Bst., beat Mr. Ricardo's
Sketchbook, 6 yrs., Sst. 51b. (Robinson), easy.

A Sporting Match has been made for 500 Isom each,
h ft., between Lord Eglint in's Paul Pry, and Mr. N
grey horse, The Grey Knight, to take place in tl e
month of December, four miles over the Ilarborough coin-
try, gentlemen riders, weights 12st. bib. each. The
country not to he named till the preceding evening at 10
o'clock, and the horses to start at daybreak. Umpires,
Mr. Gilmore for Lord Glington, and Mr. White for Mr.
Neville. Referee, Sir Harry Goodrich,. The Grey
Knight the favourite.

FACTORY COMMISSION.—It is much to be
regretted that, owing to the low tone in which Lotd
ALTHORP spoke on Monday night, in reply to Lund ASH-
LEY, on the subject of the Factory Commissioners refusing
to avail themselves of a sworn short-hand writer, an ad-
mission highly creditable to his Lordship and the Govern-
ment of which he is the organ should have escaped the re-
vorters. We have authority tor stating that Lord ALTHORP
thus expressed himself :—" I have no hesitation, in answer
to the Noble Lot d, to state that the Commissioners ought
to have availed themselves of a short-hand writer." The
general impression therefore of the House was, that the
Commission was utterly destroyed.—Times.
Between one and two o'clock on Friday
morning, the windmill at Hummer, near Basingstoke, was
discovered to be on fire by some person p.asing on the
Southatupcon.road, who immediately hastened to the
village, and gave an alarm. In the mean time, the flames
spread very rapidly, and notwithstanding
.the must extra.
ordinary exertions on the part of the Inhabitants, the
whole building was in a few hours entirely consumed.
There is no doubt whatever that it was purposely set on
fire, and that the miscreant !who, a tow Weeks since, occa-
sioned a similar devastation in the same village, and who,
notwithstanding the employment of the most
measures for his apprthen.ion, is still at large, has .gain
been at his horrid wori:simSalisburg Journal.
