PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

J. Sarson and J. Clarke, Leicester, grocers—M. J. Wil-
liams and W. White, Mitchell-street, St. Luke's, grinders
Ilagshaw and G. Plaits, Parks, Buxton, Derby-
shire, sheep-dealers—J. Parfitt and C. T. Fleming, Bath,
oilmen—J. C. and J. Bealby, East Hanney, Berkshire,
silk-throwsters—J. L. Wardell and Co., Chester, wine-
chants—J. Whaley and Co., Harden, Bingley, Yorkshire,
worsted-spinners—R. Raeburn and J. C. Hay, Doncaster,
surgeons—T. Shaw and W. Bucklee, Bewdley, Worcester.
shire, curriers—J. Oldfield and IL Leigh, Barton-upon-
!twat!, Lancashire, joiners—E. Garnett and W. Parry,
Worcester, woollen-drapers—R. and E. Barnard, White-
chapel-road, stationers—J. Somers and F. Pemberton,
Oxford-street, cheesemougers—W. Dixon and IL War-
mald, °alley, Yorkshire, scribbling millers.

THE HARVEST.

(FROM A CORRESPONDEIST.)

STAFFORD, AUGUST 2.--The late fine weather
has had a moat extraordinary and beneficial effect
upon' the crops throughout the country. It has
also enabled the farmers to finish gathering in their
hay. On my journey from. London through the
counties of Berks, Oxford, 'Worcester, and part of
Gloucestershire, to this place (Stafford), 1 made
inquiries of a great number of persons as to the ge-
neral state and appearances of all sorts of grain, and
what effect the long series of wet weather had had
upon the crops. I almost invariably received for an
answer, that on light dry lands the wheat crops
were excellent, and promised to be very abundant.
That in low heavy lands it had been injured by the
wetness of the season, yet, if the fine weather con-
Litwin!, it was not so much. injured but that there
would, even on wet lands, be a good average crop.
As far as my own observations extended, 1 tun
Of opinion that I never saw the fields present a
brighter prospect of an abundant harvest. I have,
been told that in some parts of the country the
wheat ears era short. I could make no such dis-
covery, 'but when was the time or season when
some gloomy prognostic or another was not indulged
in. If the fine weather continues the wheat harvest
in this part of the country Will in 'a few days become
general. Several fields in Worcestershire were cut
the latter end of last week. It is admitted by every
one that I have spoken
.to that the crops of barley,
and oats (the former in particular). are .very excel-
lent, and quite as good in quality, and as abundant,
if not more so, than can be recollected for several years
past. Beans throughout the country have run very
much to straw, there is scarcely a field where they
.are not from six to eight feet in height, and when
such is the case, it is seldom or ever that there is
.so great a produce of corn. Peas every where ate
excellent and the crop most abundant, and in many
parts. of the country that I came through they have
been housed in the highest state of perfection. A
Considerable quantity of rye has also been ;carried in
good condition. In•short all that is wanted is floe
weather, and then there will be ,no scarcity of the.
fruits of the earth.

. --
It 1.14 poattively affirmed that the— Spanish emi-
grant ulcers who have left this. country intend to make
a descent upon some putt of the coast of Spain. AS we
have before observed, the state of things in France is fa-
vourable to their enterprise. The French liberal Papers
have frequently asked, whether there was nothing else to
croploY the army of 'France in but putting down liberty in.
Spain, and conquering a handful of barbarian pirates?
For our part we should not be at all surprised if they were
not soon to be employed against the indovid PeuntuANo.
At any rate this Potentate will have something else to (IC;
with his troops than employing them in insane attempts
p? reconquer South America. As for Don. Mum KT,. Ito
will now stand a most deplorable chance of being:tecog-
pnoisevirderroOLarbosit4:oll,
;nth!!
Bii7t
tifireiewnday, hay n
speaking
tlionuggeorcOtnhye
arms shipped for Spain on Saturday, we ought tit. irsVd
said 16,000-....n5t 66,000. --Morning Herald.
The golden-rose; ornamented with diamontlP,
which is given by the Pore, every year, to the most sin-
cerely pious" of Catholic Princes, hos this year imen Pre-
seated, by his Holiucas's couunautis, to Don Alton

The result having been announced by the High
Bailiff et -the close of the poll—
Mr. HAnnis advanced to the front of the hust-
ings at the close of the poll, end said—" Gentle-
men, once more let me congratulate you and myself
upon the high situation in which you have placed
me on the poll. I can only attribute it to the fuer
of my cause being your cause, and to the dream-
stance of our united struggle being o►► behalf of the
independence of the borough of Southwark." He
had little more to say than. to repeat that he had
called individually on many hundreds of theilec:
tors, and asked them whether -they required any
further explanation of his political sentiments. It
was answered again and again that he had fully ex-
plained them. He was the enemy of slavery in
every sense of the -word—he was the cordial and
sincere friend of reform, not wild and theoretical,
but moderate and practical—reform that would
reach from the highest to the lowest, and place
every contributor to the exigencies of the State in
a situation freely and fairly to exercise that impor-
ant right which the electors of Southwark were
then there to exercise._(" Bravo, Harris, that is
ail we want.")—He sincerely congratulated his
fellow-burgesses that we had now a patriot King,
and that we had not had a Ministry at tiny time who
dared to advise such execrable and detestable mea-
sures as had just brought a neighbouring king-
dom to sorrow and distress, and filled it with misery
and bloodshed.

Sir R. WILSON next addressed the assembly. He
said—Gentlemen, I shall not enter into any discus-
sion with the Hon. Candidate who has just ad-
dressed you as to the.causes which have placed him
in the eminent situation in which he now stands. It
is sufficient for me to know that he is placed there
by the free and impartial votes of the independent
electors of Southwark. I bow to their decision;
and if I shall be returned as his colleague, I promise
you that he will find me cordially associated with
him in every object which he takes in band calcu-
lated to promote your prosperity and the interest of
the nation. He will find me a zealous co-operative
in every measure which he shall originate or sup-
port in conformity with the opinions he hal here ex-
pressed. At the lust election, the workmen engaged in
the extensive factory of Mr. Christie did him (Sir It.
Wilson) the honour to present him with a white hut
in token of their confidence. On receiving the gift,
he said," I accept it as an embleM of your regard,and
will preserve it us a memorial of my duty—if ever
you see me show a double face under this white' hat
come to the next election, register your votes for
my opponent, and claim payment for this gift which
I now consider as a proud distinction." They came
this day not to claim payment for the hat, but to
• register the votes in his favour, and take measure of
his head for another.—(Cheers and laughter.)—
" They have made that hat, Gentlemen,. which was
a white bat and which had been called a radical
liar, a grandee's hat to me--more honourable than
any grandee's hat which 'Ferdinand of Spain could
confer on me." Ile knew not how to express his
sense of their eminent services to him, to them-
selves, and to their country. But as 'the brave
French, who were engaged In a struggle for the de-
fence of their laws and liberties, thought it the
greatest compliment that could be conferred on them
when Englishmen said, " What u nation is this na-
tion of France!" So he trusted the electors would
feel equal satisfaction when, looking to their exer-
tions, the community at large should exclaim,
". What a body is this electoral body of South-
work I" (The Hon, and Gallant candidate's ad-
dress was favourably received.)
Mr. CALVgRT next spoke, and was listened to
with less of interruption than on the preceding days.
He did not anticipate failure, and was too old un
electioneerer to take advice under the present cir-
cumstances of the care. There were at least 3,500
voters within the borough of Southwark, and up to
three o'clock that day he believed only 1,350 had
polled, so that there remained upwards of 2,000
persons who had not voted, and whose suffrages
must decide the election. He depended for support
our the conduct which he had pursued since he had
first the honour' to represent theM. In all the time
that had elapsed from the period of his being origi-
nally elected a member for the borough of South-
wark, there was no popular act to which he had not
been a party. Where he might have been mistaken
as regarded the borough of Southwark, was in giving
his vote, as he did upon the question, whether the
trade in beer should be thrown open immediately,
or whether two years should be allowed for the
licensed victuallers to prepare for the change. Ile
could not regret the vote that' he had given upon
that question, he should have deserved to be hanged
if he had voted against that respectable class of per-
sons by whom he got his bread. That was the
only vote on which he had differed from his lute
lion. Colleague.—Adjourned • till nine o'clock this
day.
