ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.

- -------- - - -
Gran it Holiday Attractions—Miss Romer, Mr. Templeton, and
Mr, Belts, in the New Opera of " The Maid of Artois," and
4n entirel• New Domestic Drama.
TR IS EVENING and TO-MORROW, MAT 23 and 24.

And Two following Nights,
Mr. Balfe's Grand Opera, entitled
THE 3IAID OF ARTOIS.
!Minos, Miss Romer ; Jules, Mr. Templeton ; The Marquis,

. . . -
Mr. Balfe.
A Double Chorus and Increased Band.
TO isonoludo with (first time) a Domestic Drama, 'Clod
ALICE GRAY, THE SUSPECTED ONE.

New Scenery, tad powerful interest.

We have received one or two letters relative to
article which appeared in our paper of the 17th
4t"t, referring to the possibility of danger to her
A,l
IjRsTY were she wholly surrounded by Toner
The
,sanie subject has been mentioned at Dublin by
Mr. t-TRATTAN, and in several country papers. As
One of our Correspondents thinks we went too far,
We must remind him and the public that we "hurled"
no suspicion against the honour of any human
being. We quite agree with him that her MA-
altrrst would be as safe under the protection of

the Duke of WELLINGTON and Sir ROBERT PEEL
.1 under that of any men in her MAJESTY'S domi-
41cms. Their loyalty and honour, in this sense, are
tillimpeached and quite unimpeachable. Our at-
/Noel-it was, and now ix, they cannot answer for
their
followers. Lord RODEN has distinctly proved
that they
are neither to be led nor driven. Their
Own passions are completely their masters.
We called attention on the 17th to the great
Pains which have of late been taken by the priest-
hood of the Church of England to fanaticise the
People, and to the virulence with which the Tory
Press has aided their efforts, and sought to excite in
the Protestants a sentiment of intense hatred of
the Irish Catholics. No terms of denunciation have
been thought too strong to apply to them, while
their priests have been stigmatized as if they were

Perfect miscreants. The vile passions thus nourished
by the English priesthood and the Tory press, have
been specially directed against Mr. O'CONNELIo
and the Ministers, and have been reflected against
,er MAJESTY, because she supports them. In

Muth, - -
her bounties and donations, and the
bounties and donations of her Royal Mother,

t° 80tne of her Catholic subjects, have been pur-
P°sely exaggerated in order to excite the dislike
"d hatred of bigoted Protestants. If her MA-
'TESTy be the Sovereign of all her subjects, her
heir is the chief of the bigoted ultra and Tory Pro-
testant faction.

Now it might by possibility happen that some
person, deeply embued with the ultra-Protestant
hatred of the Catholics, and all their protectors

in the State, which has been so assiduously
cultivated by our -PIIILLPOTTS and I\PGHBEa,
and by our Tory Newspapers, and warmly at-
tached to Protestantism and Toryism, might, in
Spite of the Duke of WELLINGTON and Sir
ROBERT PEEL, think that he or she was perform-

ixg a meritorious deed, a great act of patriotism, or
of heroic virtue, to contribute by any means to
Place Prince ERNEST on the Throne, and
so ensure the ascendancy of Protestantism and
Tvryism in the State. That was, and still
is the line of argument, the philosophic deduction,
Which makes us think it would by no means be safe
to surround her MAJESTY with the bigoted sup-
porters of the English exclusive, dishonest, corrupt,
and tyrrannical Church, and the partizans of Prince
ERNEST.

Politicians never study morality, but expediency,
Is all their laws show. This is a well established
principle, and whenever their interest, or their
presumed interest, commands the commission
of a crime they never hesitate to commit it.
If this were not so they never would execute
a single human l';eing, and, above all, they would
tremble to decree death for political offences.
Never tell us that the class of men who annually
consign multitudes of their countrymen and coun-
trywomen to death, merely to enrich themselves—
who inflict the slow misery of starvation on many
of their fellow-creatures to put a little pelf into
their own pockets, would boggle at taking a single
life, if they supposed that would give them the
Government and patronage of this great Empire,
and secure the ascendancy of their Church. Never
tell us that the authors of the Corn-laws would
stickle at any immorality or any wickedness which
would serve their purpose, or add to their wealth and
power.

If ever the interests of the Jamaica Proprietors
resident in this county! demanded their rigid atten
tion, now is the moment for them to exercise unu-
sual vigilance—now is the opportunity for them to
investigate what has passed, and to closely scru-
tinize with an eager eye what is passing in that
colony. From authentic statements we learn,
that for three months, at least, previous to the day
Which conferred full liberty on the black population,
the planters, overseers, and others, had combined,
and had held numerous meetings for the purpose
of compelling the negro, partly by coercive laws,
and partly by craft, to enter into engagements for

continuous la!,our, ix labour un;ntermitted for
sixteen hours, for the remuneration of 6d. for

each dozen hours' toil. By means of pro-
mises of freedom and kind treatment on the
one hand, and on the other by threats of eject-
ment and incarceration in those sinks of infamy,
cruelty, and starvation, known to the black by the
term prison, and to the British people by the fa-
miliar name of workhouse, the planters had lured
many of their then apprentices to promise they
would, on becoming free agents, enter into agree-
ments of the character described.

The object, however, of these repeated meetings
of the planters, &c., gradually oozed out, and the

authorities had become cognizant of the artifices by
which these gentry sought to entrap the negro, and
to perpetuate, under the mask of liberty, a species
of slavery more galling than that from which he
had just emerged. The contract, having the ap-

pearance of a voluntary engagement on the part of
the blacks, would in a great measure have de-
deprived them of that sympathy which had for
years cheered them with the hope of ultimate free-
dom, and had thereby softened down much of the
rigour under which they suffered. The difficulty
which presented itself, and which the powers of the
Government were inadequate to remove, was that
the black population, on attaining freedom, had a
perfect right to enter into any sort of engagement
for labour which might appear beneficial to them,
and that therefore the Executive Power ought not,
indeed could not, interfere beyond a general admo-
nition upon the subject.
At this juncture the Missionaries stood forward,
and, with much zeal, explained to their several fol-
lowers the nature and the character of the agree-
ments into which the managers of estates intended
to wheedle them; they earnestly exhorted the blacks

to pause before they signed any document wherein
the term continuous labour, or other words of a like
signification, were used ; pointing out to them that
the colonial penal laws, which were applicable to a
state of slavery, were yet in existence, and might
and would be brought into force against them upon
a trivial allegation of a dereliction of their duty.
On the arrival therefore of the eventful Ist of Au-
gust, the planters discovered that their machina-
tions were completely defeated, and that instead of
the black being willing to part with his labour for
an unlimited time for 6d. sterling for each twelve
hours' labour, he demanded Is. sterling for a fair
day's work ; that is to say, from six in the morning
until six in the evening, allowing out of that time,
as is the practice in England, half an hour for
breakfast, one hour for dinner, and half an hour for
supper.

Upon the announcement of this determination by
the labourers, the angry feelings of the managers
burst forth. In their rage they attacked, in their own
Societies, and by means of the Press, the Mis-
sionaries, with a virulence of abuse which beggars
description. Nor were they contented thus to
asperse and vilify these good men : they presented
memorials and petitions from various quarters to
the Governor, embodying in stringent terms their
dissatisfaction at the interference (as they called it)
of the Missionaries between the master and servant.
Turning round on the blacks they vented their
rage, in some cases, by forcibly ejecting the negro
from the cottage he had built, and from the garden
he had cultivated with his own hands. They also
entered into a compact not to pay the demand for
wages, and not to hire theinegro even for 6d. a day,
unless he entered into an agreement by which he
would at the same time render himself liable, upon
a frivolous accusation of idleness, to be imprisoned
for three months with tread-wheel labour and the
occasional torture of the lash.

Now comes a point to which we entreat the
serious consideration of the Jamaica Proprie-
tary resident in this country. The parties to
the compact in Jamaica wrote home, represent-
ing to the absent owners of plantations the
importance of resisting the demands made by the
labourers at the instigation of the Missionaries, and
of sanctioning the scheme which would compel the
negroes to come into the planters' terms. The
West Indians here listened to this counsel, view-
ing- the question as one which related to a combi-
nation of labourers against masters. They accord-
ingly deemed it both prudent and expedient to leave
the affair in the hands of their attorneys for adjust-
ment.. On the arrival of these letters in Jamaica the
plantations of the absentees were left to be
cultivated by the seasons, while the plantations
of many residents soon became more fertile than
they were before the emancipation. Some parties in
the colony in truth availed themselves of the labour
made redundant by parties at home acquiescing in
the views of their agents to resist the demand of the
labourers for wages of one shilling a day. It is
as if a steward here had stated to his landlord
cogent reasons for delaying his harvest, in order
that he, the steward, in the mean time might enjoy
abundance of labour at a cheap rate to gather in his
own. Hence, too, the accounts from Jamaica
about the sugar crops are conflicting and contra.

dictory.
We have confirmation of the good cultivation
of some of the estates by the arrivals of
the new sugars ; and we can well believe
the reports that other estates in Jamaica
have had little or no attention paid to them,
and that the canes must and will stand over for a
month or six weeks beyond the usual time for cut-
ting them ; but we do not believe, because these
canes stand over, that they will not make sugar
when they are cut. The statements industriously
circulated, as news from Jamaica, that the canes on
this estate, and on the other, have been destroyed
by delay, are erroneous and absurd. In Antigua,
last year, the crops were so uncommonly abundant
that, with every disposition to labour, the

blacks were unequal to the task of boiling down
the whole of the cane juice in the period allotted
for sugar making. Did the Antigua planters under
those circumstances wring their hands, and declare

a part of their canes were destroyed ? No ; they
wisely allowed them to stand until the labourers had
time to boil down the juice ; many acres were
therefore left standing over from August, 1838,
until the following February, and those canes so
allowed to stand over yielded abundantly ►hen
cut, although the sugars made from them were
of inferior quality to that made from canes
cut at the proper season. In fact this is a matter of
notoriety in Mincing-lane, where samples of them
were exhibited for sale, and the inferiority of the
quality attributed to the cause stated above. The
owners of estates in Jamaica, which have been se-
dulously cultivated, will reap a double advantage ;
first, they will have sugar of the usual quality,
and. secondly, the sugars will arrive here at a time
when the market price is extraordinarily high ;
while the owners resident in England will have
sugars of inferior quality, which will arrive when
the market price has fallen Bs. or less. per cwt.—a
punishment for listening to the advice of agents
instead of managing fur themselves.

Public meetings continue to beheld, and petitions
to pour in, on the subject of the uniform penny
postage. Never was there such unanimity on any
other question. All classes, however diversified by
political or religious opinions arc agreed on this—
that the penny postage must be adopted. Not a
murmur or even whisper of dissent is heard from
any quarter within the wide range of the social
circle. On the contrary, all men meet together on
this common ground, all lay aside their differences
in other respects, and unite heart and hand for the

* For an account of Jamaica attorneys, planters, over-
seers, bookkeepers, et hoc genus omne, let our rratiers
v.•use Mr. Wvlalion's book, compiled from Cicts which
came under his ow', observation ; the author being a kind
of King's evidence against his quondam colleagues.

promotion of this object. Is there any difficulty
in solving this popular problem ? None whatever.
The reason is as obvious as anything can be. The
question is one of universal, not of partial interest,
and the people are thoroughly convinced
of the practicability as well as the utility of
the proposed measure. These are the two points
upon which the popular support of the question
hinges. Had there been any doubt as to the pos-
sibility of carrying the plan into effect, however
beneficial it might be allowed to be, we should have
seen it meet with a very different kind of reception.
A shrug of the shoulders, or, perhaps, a smile indi-
cating something akin to contempt for the under-
standing that could bestow a serious thought on so
wild a scheme, would have been substituted for the
eagerness with which Mr. HILL'S simple, and we
may almost say, self-demonstrating plan, is every
where embraced.
Some people may, at first, be startled at
the apparent absurdity of attempting to con-
vey a letter from London to Edinburgh for
the small sum of one penny. Small, how-
ever, and inadequate as this sum may appear, it is
nevertheless thirty-six times the actual cost. Mr.
HILL has proved by the incontestible evidence of
arithmetic, that the expense incurred by the Post
Office, is about the ninth part of a farthing. It
is, therefore, clear, that even at the uniform rate of
a penny, the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
would derive a very handsome per-tentage for the
purposes of revenue, supposing, which we
altogether deny, that the Post Office were a
legitimate source of taxation. But there is in
reality not the least foundation for the fear, which
the Right Honourable Gentleman is said
to have at one time expressed, that the
revenue, enormous as it is, which he now
extracts from the people through the
tax levied on letters, would be diminished. It is
an axiom in taxation, though official financiers
are slow to acknowledge it in practice, that the
revenue derived from an article in general consump-
tion is increased by lowering the duty on it. Con-
sidering letters, then, as a commodity, which in a '
financial point of view they are, and a commodity
which, were it not for the shameful rate at which it
is taxed, would be in more general use than any
that can be named, bread alone excepted, is it pos-
sible for any rational mind to doubt that the reduc-
tion of the postage of letters would add immensely to
their number ? Would it be any way extravagant
to suppose that if the transmission of each let-
ter cost only a penny, twenty times as many
letters would pass through the Post Office
as do now ? We are satisfied that this would be
far under the mark. Why, every hand that could
hold a pen ?—and wherelis the hand now that cannot
hold a pen—would be scribbling every day of the
week for the post. Epistolary communications
would be the universal order of the day. The ge-
neral mind, relieved from the pressure which has
hitherto kept down its energies, by depriving it of
the most powerful inducement to the exercise of
thought, as well as of the social affections, would
rebound with an elasticity the effect of which no
man can calculate, while all men are persuaded
it must be great. The happy result would
be that not only would a mighty stimu-
lus be given to commerce through the means
of unrestricted communication, but a far greater
benefit than any that can be summed up in pounds,
shillings, or pence, would be conferred on society
in the shape of intellectual and moral advancement.
Not that we are disposed to blink the pecuniary,
or rather financial, view of the question. Quite
the contrary. There is no aspect in which the
subject can be looked at, in which Mr. HILL'S plan
will not approve itself to the judgment of all
who are capable of exercising reflection. That
gentleman, who will, we venture to say, rank
hereafter among the greatest benefactors of his coun-
try, has formed his calculations on a scale so mo-
derate as to disarm the fears of the most timid for
the interests of the revenue. He has merely as-
sumed that only eight times as many letters as are
now sent by Post will be sent when the postage is
reduced to a penny. This is an assumption which
no one can cavil at, because it clearly errs on the
safe side, for the third, or perhaps the half of this
number consists of letters which, under the present
high rate of postage, are smuggled, all which con-
traband dealing would immediately cease when the
new plan came into operation. So that if we sup-
pose the number of letters written at present to be
no more than quadrupled, we shall find that the
revenue is in no danger, even as regards the amount
which it receives directly from the Post Office, and
without taking into consideration the indirect be-
nefit which the Customs, Excise, Stamps, &c.,
must derive from the multiplication of commercial
transactions.

King Louis PHILIPPE'S is still a winning game.
By his adroit management of the recent insurrection
in the French capital he has snatched victory out of
the hands of the exulting Coalition—thus conquer-

ing another " impossibility." But this success
will rather establish the KING'S character for cun-
ning and remorseless selfishness than for that great-
ness of mind which triumphs over obstacles seem-
ingly insurmountable. Without adopting the in-
ferences of that portion of the French press which
regards the late plot as an old familiar engine of
State policy—as a bloody drama of which the KING
and the Minister of the Police were the principal
concoctors, we may express our contempt and de-
testation of that narrow, base, anti unfeeling
policy which prompted a Sovereign surrounded
by bleeding subjects, to make his first care the
converting of their wounds to his individual ag-
grandisement—to the realisation of his own despot-
ical ambition. There is a baseness inexpressibly
detestable in being perpetually on the alert to take
advantage of the unsuspecting confidence, or the
momentary alarm of the people to filch from them
some right, or to refuse them some well-merited
concession. Now, whoever were the authors of all
the conspiracies which broke out in France since
Louis PHILIPPE ascended the throne of the
elder Bourbons, it is notorious that not
one of them found him unprepared to turn the
preponderance which they gave him against the
liberties of his people. The failure of each was to
him a double victory. The late insurrection is no'
exception to the previous coC•se of the Royal po-
licy. While the streets of Paris were the theatre
of a bloody conflict the KING was signing the
ordinances by which he secured a triumph over
TIIIERS and the statesmen of the Left. That
was the auspicious moment which he chose for
appointing a Cabinet, rendering abortive the con-
stitutional proceedings of the Chamber for the last
four months, and of the admirers of the principles
of the Revolution of July for a period of five years.
While terror and dismay filled the capital the
KING saw but the happy opportunity of crushing

the Coalition, and he did not omit seizing upon it.
Is it then surprising that those who see and mark
the avidity with which the KING turns treason in
every form to account, should suspect a Police.
office as the most likely place of its concoction ?
But there are sounds and objects with which it

at Gratz.

is dangerous to make the eyes and cars of the peo.
pie familiar, and treason is one of them. It is a
crime which Governments should rather affect to
believe impossible, than to pretend to discover in
the acts of a few madmen, whom poverty or fancied
wrongs may have driven to desperation. The
triumphs which its exhibition may enable a Sove-
reign to obtain over the liberties of his people, are,
if it be often repeated, dearly purchased in the end.
Every new law passed is a record of the weakness
of the C► own—an attestation of the Sovereign's fears,
1 and of the formidableness of the smallest combi-

( LtN i its SA

nation against him. The discovery is made
that treason is, after all, but a aynonyme
for defeat—that a combinaton of the people against
themselves is impossible. A familiarity with re-
sistance imparts to it the idea of a courageous
daring, flattering to the vanity of a military people ;
and the game of revolt thus bc..comes the fashion-
able resort of the desperate. By the mass of the
community resistance comes to be regarded with

apathy, if not with secret approbation, and thus
are the seeds sown on an anarchy which eventually
overthrows thrones, and sets aside the most power-
ful dynasties. And this is the present state of the
French capital. During the late insurrection the
people witnessed the bloody conflict between the in-
surgents and the National Guards as they would have
done a military spectacle at the theatres. But
had the insurgents been able to maintain their
ground for twelve hours, the Government would
have had a very different tale to tell. All the
youth of Paris would have joined them, and
Louts PHILIPPE, instead of exulting in the
defeat of the Coalition, would ere this have sailed

or Edinburgh, or set out to visit his royal relatives

But of the ultimate success of the KING's
policy, the French Government has yet no certain
assurance. The Coalition is confounded, but not
defeated. However compliant the new Ministry
may be, there are certain questions which it will be
almost impossible to put off till the end of the
present Session of the French Chambers, and there
are others that will only acquire additional cogency
from delay. To the first class belongs the Spanish
question, and to the second Electoral Reforms, of
which M. ()DILLON BARROT and M. TRIERS
are the respective champions. Notwithstanding the
joy which now irradiates every countenance ac the
Tuileries, the close of the session may yet prove
as politically stormy as its commencement.

The extravagant falsehoods told at the Maryle-
bone Police Office by runaway boys from the Cape
Colony, and the wicked imputations cast on the
" Children's Friend Society," have within these few
days received the most signal refutation. We have
already noticed the opinions of Lord GROSVENOR,
Lord ELDON, and other noblemen and gentlemen
on these fabrications. Mr. Sergeant A DAMS, who
knows well what benefit the Society has conferred
on children deserted by their gin.drinkinE,, parents,
and brought before him for judgment, said but two
days ago—" It was monstrous to think that while
the few supposed cases of ill-treatment which had
happened under their management had been cre-
dited, the great quantity of good which they had
perfected should be overlooked."
Our Mansion I-louse report contains another
proof of the good accomplished, and another refu-
tation of the calumnies by one who had been sent
out by the Society, remained under the superinten-
dance of the Committee there for five or six years,
and who confirmed his statements as to the treat-
ment of the boys by the best of all arguments—an
application to the Society for leave to return. But
the mischief has bean done. Ingratitude, we fear,
has paralysed the efforts of the charitable in this
good cause, and the death of Captain BRENTON
will for ever remain a blot on the conduct of those
who have raised and promulgated the calumny.

The trial of the individuals made prisoners
during the late eineute in Paris, is the principal
topic of discussion in the French Journals of
Tuesday. Why a task so generally invidious
should be imposed by the KING upon the only
body entirely devoted to his interests—the Chamber
of Peers—is more than any rational being can
comprehend. Here is a case where it would be
quite safe to trust to the honest verdict of a Jury,
even allowing the Court to be ever so desirous of
the condemnation of the prisoners. Taken with
arms in their hands, and in the act of shedding
the blood of their fellow-countrymen, the most
Republican Jury would find them guilty, while
the public would acknowledgs that they had
what the Charter proclaims as the sacred right of
every French citizen, the benefit of a fair trial by
their peers or equals. But the trial of the accused
—of a number of individuals in the lowest rank in
society, by an assembly of titled Legislators, can-
not be impartial, however just may be the sentence ;
and thus the Peerage is degraded lower and lower in
public opinion, while the ends of justice are nota jot
more advanced. It is well known, however, that a
great number of the Peers represented to the Go-
veriancnt their decided disapprobation of being
called upon to try the accused, both on public and
private grounds. and that more than one of them
intimated to M. TESTE their surprise that the
KING should so ill reward their loyalty to his per-
son and Government as always to select them in
periods of excitement for the performance of the
most unpopular acts. So many others have desired
to absent themselves, that the KING has been
under the necessity of personally interfering to in-
sure the attendance of a requisite number of the
noble and illustrious judges.
General TIIOLOZE has been formally dismissed
from the Commandantship of the Polytechnic
School, for permitting the students to contradict the
Jouinal des Debats' statement of their outrageous
loyalty to the ORLEANS dynasty during the late re-
volt. The fact is thus announced in the Moniteur :
4‘ By a Royal decree issued at the instance of the Mi-
nister of War, General Vaillant, Commandant of the
engineer department of the army of Africa, is named
Commandant of the Ecole Polytechnique, vice General
Tholoze. General Dagunan will, until the arrival of
General Vaillant, dischargo the duties of Commandant,
under the title of Inspector-General and Commandant Su-
perieur."
The ignominious dismissal of the veteran com-
mandant will not increase the loyalty of the youth-
ful students, nor will it blind the public to the fact
that Louis PHILIPPE is no longer the idol of any
party.
According to the Nouvelliste seventeen young
men were seized on Monday last in the act of
making ball cartridges.
Marshal GERARD has published a flaming Re-
port of the loyalty of the National Guard. of Paris
in suppressing the late insurrection. in the capital.
This is all fudge. The National Guard evinced a
decided reluctance to fire upon the insurgents. Had
no shots been levelled at them it is doubtful whe-
ther they would have drawn a trigger to save the
Tuileries from pillage.
The latest news from the Spanish frontier is con-
tained in the following telegraphic despatch :--
" BATONS', MAY 18.—Last night Munagorri carried
the fort of Urdach, which bad been guarded by fifteen
Carliats."
" MAT 20.—Munagorri was attacked yesterday, capi.
tulated, and re-entered the French territory, where he has
maao
been disarmed."
MUNAGORRI'S career has been st
worse than even that of General E‘o,ANdsistr_nud s;;
suppose that it is not teritn,vin.ap . MAY 21.teATd.
im
DOURSE, ?A,
That Highest Lowe,
Pries Price. Price. Price.
French 5 per Cents ........... . 1205 111015 tOS 111. ... II:418t3a
.81 ot 710'
4% per Cent 5......... 1.6
RR SKI ... t;0 "' .*-25
4 per tent 5............
3 per Cent 5............
___!!!, 40 :7.05201 45 ... 51 4i; •.::
....97.20
_2720
Rank of Prance ............... `l7. _
Belgian 5 per Cents. ........... 112. 1(/' •••••.02
Bank ..................... 752.:?
72 75
4.3:1
73.7
50
2 per I. eat 5............ 7; 75i
1104
.a 75
Sanish Acive ...... ......... l 9 192 0,4
Neapolitan .Pa55iv.................................... ;,011144111 1001,"3 11(eirlso 10174
•
Roman
.............. 014 LONDOI:i. "' 1"
.27,1 12 ; three months, money,
.h, money,

Within the----se few wee and particularly since
Sir R. Peel failed to make a Cabinet, the Duke of
Waington has been annoyed beyond measure by
applications to become a member of different So-
cieties---among the rest . the Agricultural Society
and the Temperance Society. s answers to both
applications arc very characteristic.
However,. much I may ap-
prove the Tem-
perance men he says,
of temperance, I decline to become a member
of the Temperance Society, or bind myself by any
written engagement, or to accept the office which the
Society has been pleased to offer me as one of their
Vice-Presidents." And to the
Agriculturists he
replies in a note to Lord Spencer—. If I were not
quite ignorant of the art, and persuaded that I
should be quite unable to render the Society any
service, I would with much pleasure undertake
the duties of the office; but I hope that I shall be
excused for declining, and I intreat you to urge the
Members of the Society to fix upon one to be their
President more likely than I could be to promote
their views." Why should not the next application
be from the Chartists?

!A It 23

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
LIvERPOOL COTTON MAkKET, WeDNErDAT.—We have
had a fair demand for Cotton to day, c: nsidering the dull
state of the market. The sales are 1,500 bags, without
change in prices.
Our arrivals this morning are a French and Ostend
mail ; ship letters from Madeira and Port-au-Prince ;
Calcutta, 9th December ; Cape of Good Hope, 28th
February, and New York, by the Westminster, of old
date, the 20th ult.
From Cape of Good Hope papers received to the
14th March :
A further addition of German emigrants reached Table
Bay, via Amsterdam, consisting of fifty-two mon, women
and children.

The measles continue to be of a very mild and modified
character. Upwards of 3,000 cases have occurred since
its beginning. There has been eleven deaths only, of
which number more than half have died of neglect, and
other accidental complications.
CunaENcy.—The best currency yet invented is a cur-
rency consisting of paper and the precious metals ; the
paper being promissory, and payable at sight, without de-
duction, by the promiser to the presenter in the precious
metals. This is the only restriction recognized in modern
times by the best writers. It is sufficient ; all other re-
strictions are injurious and nugatory.
Wn EAT. —By a Royal Proclamation, dated Bth February,
1822, it is directed that for the term of ten months subse-
quent to that date, all wheat and flour coming from foreign
ports, in any vessel whatever, shall be admitted, subject to
the duty of 3 per cent. in lieu of 10 per cent. then levied ;
and that a further deduction of one-fifth from the above
rate shall be allowed on wheat from India; and that in all
time coming wheat and flour imported in British ships, or
in foreign ships trading to this place under the Order in
Council of the 12th July, 1820, be sold here subject
to the duty of 3 per cent. on the market price, when that
price shall be at or above 160 rupees per load. This Pro-
clamation was repealed in 1830; we wish to see it re-
enacted.
We have very few arrivals this morning, consequently
there is a dearth of intelligence, which causes the British
Market to be inactive at present. Money, haying become
more plentiful within this day or two, had the effect to
keep the Market in a buoyant state. In the British Market
money is only worth 4 to 3 per cent., and in the Foreign
Market about 5 per cent. The first-rate merchants' and
bankers' bills can be discounted from 4 to 40; per cent.
This being the Queen's birth-day, it is not expected that
much business will be done in the City, as a great number
of persons will take advantage of the fineness of the :morn-
ing, and proceed westward.
We have the arrival of an American packet, the West-
minster, of an old date; she has b'en due for some time,
~nd great fear was entertained that she had met with some
accident at sea. The date she brings is of the 20:h ult. :
we have had those of the 25th ult.
Consols closed yesterday firm at 931 Money, Account
931 and opened this morning at 931 Sellers for Money,
931 Boyers for Account, and for July 93i:j-.
Exchequer Bills, 32 34; India Bonds, 35 37 ; Bank
Stock, 1953 19G; India Stock, 2551 2561.
In the Foreign Market, Spanith Active closed at 19+
114, at present 194 191 ; Portuguese, 35+ 354; Thrt e
per Cents., 21+ 214 ; Brazilian as they closed, 791 s ;
Belgian, 10* 102+; Colombian. 311 ; Mexican, 261 26 ;
Dutch Two-and -a-Half per Cents. rather improved,
closed at 56k 56k, at present 56+ 56} ; Five per Cents.,
l 031
_ _

The Dutch mail that has arrived brings the prices of
Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 54 1-16 to 55i; Five per
Cents , 1021.

tRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Bank Stock ISA 6(4, 5' India Stock
3 per Cent. Red.
3 per Cent. Cons. S3k %% South Sea Stock
3‘„, per Cent — Old Annuities SI iii
Ditto Red. IOQ New Ditto
New 3 per Cent .lOlBl lA, lA 3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751
New 5 per Cent.
Sank Long Annuities toexpire Ditto 500 ... 34 32 pm.
Jan. 5, IWO l4 };, 7-16 Ditto Small 34 32 pm.
Oct. 10, 1659 — Ditto Commercial — pm.
JAIL 5, 1560
Jan. 5, ISSO — Bank Stock for Account ...
April 5, 1850 — India Stock for Account
Jan. 5, 1570 — Consos for Account 93%yY
DUTCH k'UNDS.—AaisTr.knAst, MAT 21
Ilonev. B•1Is
. __ .. ~.. _. .

Actual Debt, 2% per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
Alum t srndie, 4 per cent ,,,5, 1153 y
Ditto, ditto, 3IY per cent. 7943 604
Commercial Company, 4'.., per cent 181%: 1824
Ditto (1i;32 and 1833) 5 per cent.
Ditto 1,37. 5 per cent.
Loan 1837, 5 rer cent.
Exchange on London, One month !2
Two month;
BELGIAN l' UNDS--Bitussime, MAY 21.
Actual Debt, 2!-, per Cent.
Rothschild's Loanf 5 per Cent. .......
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent.
3 per Cent. 72
Loan of City, IM2, 4 per Cent 9','i
Society of Commerce, 4t per Cent llB
Rank of Belgium, 5 per Cent 7B
National Society . WO
—Brussels Pipers, May 21.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—VIENNA, MAY IS.
live per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three per Cents.
Bank Shares 1531S
.—AllgenzeipieZeitung, May 18.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, MAY 19.
Bills. Money.
Austrian 5 per Cents.
Bank Shares
An 10-Russian Loan 1117% 107%
Russian 5 per Cent. Ist series, Certificate
Inscription, lit Series. 1024, 182
Russian 5 per Cent. Hop ! and t,o. 3d and 4th
Se i s Ol4 98
Ditto in Certificates
Dutch ~. cilia' Debt, 2V, pe Cent 544 514
Ditto 6 per Cent 1 1
Polish Bond,
New lickct
Anglo- i anish Loan, 3 per Cent 721/4 - 72
Norwegian Loan, 1531, 4 per Cent........- lOl% 11,14
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.—BERLIN. MAy 12.
Bills Money.
St. Schuh!. Sch., 4 per cent 108.4 10..2!.4
YruAeian lingiish Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 1027 i 101%
6xchnnge on Louden, three months ti 20%
—Prussia' State Gaz,tte, May IV.

lIALF-PAST ONE.
To the present hour ;ye have no further arrivals. The
British and Foreign markets continue in the same state
of inactivity as they were in the early part of the morning,
nithout a feature worth noticing; and there appears to be
a general pause, both for speculating; in the Feuds and
commercial affairs.
Consols, which were in the course of the morning 93i
for Money and Account, are not quite so good, and may
he quoted 93k, both for time and money. Exchequer
Bills lower, 34 32 ; India Bonds, lower, 36 34 ; Bank
Stock also receded to 1951 ; India Stock, 2501 ; SpaniTh
Active ah.o receded from 191 to 19i; Portuguese, 354 ;
Colombian ; BrEzdian, 79 .&; Dutch Two-and-a
Half per Cents, 56 ; Five per Cents, 103

CLO6ING PRICES.
BRITISH FUNDS

Bank Stock 195j,, India Stack 25111Y,
3 per i ent lied
3 per Cent. (7eds. 43„, I Ditto Old Annnitie- . 91! ii
314, per Cent. Red leo3/;Ditto New Annuities
Ness 31, per Cent 1015. lEx. Bills, 1,000/ 2.1 'l2 pm.
New S per Cent Ditto Sal 12 pm.
Long Annuities to expire Ditto 5110! 15 pm.
Jan. NEI •
Oct. 1359

Jan. 1560

........
rConcols for Act... .......... 93%

FOI{EICI

Asturian, 5 per cent 108
Belgian, 5 per cent
Brazilian Bonds 6O
Buenos Ayres, 6 per cent —
Chilian, 6 per cent `27
Colomb.an, 6 per cent
Ditto, 1824
Danish, 3 per cent
Greek Bonds, 1825, 5 per ct —
Mexican, 5 per cent. —
Ditto, 6 per cent., 1825 —
Peruvian, 1825,6 per cent lB

Sli.
Eastern Countios
London and Brighton Itailw:
London and Croydon Railty,

46. •
,morzßl
Lz7
Cure
aqui

LONDON :
THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1139.
