matter. He makes no pretensions to, and does
not recognize the notions of justice and humanity
which prevail in Christian Europe.

[BRITISH /MEM]
Many of the West India Islands seem to be,
deeply agitated by the late discussions in the
British Parliament, and without its doors, in
this country, on the subject of negro slavery ;
and in Jamaica, the greatest of our posses-
sions in the western hemisphere, most violent
resolutions have been passed on the subject. At
one meeting in the parish of St. Anne, in
that Island, those who assembled say—" We con-
sider ourselves justified in calling on Parliament
—on the British nation, to pay us for our posses-
' lions, or leave us at liberty to offer our elle-
" glance where our personal safety can be secured
by the observance of legal enactments." At
another meeting, at Port Royul, the language of
the resolutions is even still more strong and in-
dignant : those who dictated it must, like Bel-
cour, 44 have had the sun vertical at their birth,
" and been swaddled in the hottest glare of his
" meridian beams." They proclaim, " That
44 they spurn with merited contempt and scorn
64 every malicious and calumniating accusation of
46 cruelty and oppression towards their tenantry,
44 who are infinitely more happy than many Eng-
" lish labourers, and whose comforts and protec-
g‘ tion can bear no comparison with the wants
66 and miseries of thousands of free-born men
" in Ireland, whose moral and political deem-
" dation never moves the philanthropical friend
66 of the Negro. We have never yet called on
" the soldiery to fire on the slave, and, but for
‘‘ the deJusion of our enemies, so unfortunate a
44 necessity would never occur." The furious vio-
lence of these Resolutions outruns every thing like
good sense or reason. We will not dwell on the
sophistry by which the sable slave is mildly
called a " tenant ;" but the Resolution forms a
bitter satire on the extended pauperism of Eng-
land, and alludes, in language doubly cutting
because but too true, to the bondage and miseries
of that the Irish peasant. But neither the po-
verty of the labouring classes here, nor their un-
exampled wretchedness in the sister country, can
form a plea for the continued slavery and sufferings
of the African thousands in the western isles.
We allow there is something most alarming in the
present situation of these Colonies, and the spirit
that notoriously prevails in Jamaica and other
places among the negroes themselves; but that this
has arisen from the discussions in Parliament,
founded on the numerous petitions of the Aboli-
tionists throughout England, and on which Mr.
Buxton, in May last, brought forward his motion
for a gradual extinction of slavery, we must ex-
pressly deny.—lt may be that some of the friends
of this great measure have been too enthusiastic,
and suffered their warm zeal to exceed their
judgment, without which, the object they seek,
in place of being a blessing, would prove a san-
guinary curse—svould bring misery to the hapless
negroes themselves, and float the West India
Island with European blood.
