KING'S BENCH-(THIS DAY.)

THE KING v. KING AND OTHERS,
•
This was an action for a forcible entry and assault. TI,
case will probably last the whole day.

Nothing of importance took place either in the Rolls or
the Vice-Chancery Courts up to the period when our reporter,
left them.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)

CORN EXCHANGE.
There was very little business doing in any description of
Grain this morning, and the prices may be quoted nominally
on Monday.

HAMBURG.

HAMBURG, NOV. 30.—BORSEN HALLE, TWO
O'CLOCK—Discount, 2'S per cent.

Anglo-Danish Loan, 3 per cent. End of Nov.
Anglo-Russian Loan
ti
Hamburg ditto
Russian Inscription, 5 per cent. BB%
5%
Ditto, ditto, 1831
84% Polish Bonds
Itilt”6
Prussian Bonds, 1832
Austrian Bank Shares 1075
Austrian Metalliques
New Austrian 4 per cent. 7.
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, Nov. 30.-13 13; two months, 13 lOC,
STOCKHOLM, Nov. 23.--Seventy-tive days, 14 8.
BERLIN, Nov. 27.—Three months, 6 285 i.
BREMEN, Nor. 27.—Two months, 616.
THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY,' TWELVE O'CLOCK.
We have arrivals from Brussels confirming our information
of yesterday that the French did not commence firing on tl'e
citadel of Antwerp on Sunday; but, according to accounts,
the French batteries will open on the citadel on Monday. It
also appears that the French army of reserve has entered Bel-
gium. The neutrality of the town of Antwerp has not as yet
been agreed upon.
Consols opened at the same price they left of yesterday, 83 3?.‘
for the account--nothing doing as yet.
HALF-PAST ONE.
On its being reported that important news was received by
express from the theatre of war at Antwerp, great agitation
and anxiety prevailed in the City, and the merchants, stock-
jobbers, and speculators, were on the qui vise to obtain the
Second Editions, but when they appeared much disappointment
prevailed, as it was found that 16 French batteries had
only been completed up to Monday afternoon, and a cow's head
shot off by the Dutch tire from the citadel. The most important
information is the correspondence between Chasse and Gerard.
The former requires, for the preservation of the City of Ant-
werp, the free navigation of the Scheldt ; if that was granted
the siege woad last for a year, as Chasse could then obtain men
and provisions at any time.
Consols have improved to 83% %, for the Account.
We hear it reported that the Marquis Palmella has con-
cluded a Loan in this country of 200,0001., and that 4,000
more troops are to be sent to Oporto.
• It is stated that the Ostend steamer will bring later accounts
from Antwerp. She is expected every hour.
THREE, cycLacx.
Consols for Account, 83% 34.
CLOSING PRICES. FOUR O'CLOCK.

Consols
Ditto for Account 133 i f Greek
.

Brazilian Bonds ---
Buenos Ayres...
—. ... _ _ .
~ ,

Mexi ca n
Peruvi .••,•• • • • • •

ChlbiulimananlB Ditt0....24 s
161- Russian,,,.,
sian.,.
co
161

Some large sums of money changed hands
yesterday, in consequence of the announcement of the
actual commencement of hostilities with the Dutch,
sva4ers having been made some tine ago, and which we
then noticed, that not a shot would be tired during the ea.
pedition against Antwerp.
We are sorry to announce, in this day's Paper,
the death of Sir HENAN' WRIGHT WILSON, at bis teSI•
dence, Chelsea Park. We understand his remains are to
be deposited in the faintly vault at Lofton H,ll, Yok.
stir , ia the moat private nod unoltentalious manner.

SPIRIT or THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. ,

Though adding any thing to what has been
so powerfully and unanswerably urged against
the house and window duties may have the ap-
pearance of slaying the slain, yet we cannot re-
frain from giving two reasons, which appear to
its alike obvious and irresistible, though they do
not seem to have occurred to any of the nu.
merous speakers who delivered their sentiments
upon the subject at the late meeting in the City.
These am—
t. That these taxes take for their data a man's neces-
sities, without any reference to his ability.
2. That they defeat their own object, by swelling the
number of absentees, who spend their income in untaxed
commodities el'ewhere.

In proof of the first of these we need only
take, from many others, the two instances of a
man's trade, and the number of his family.
How many men are there who, far from carry-
ing on a lucrative business, are still compelled
to live in premises of great show, extent, and
expense, and who, in addition to heavy losses,
have these taxes to pay to ten times the amount
of the wealthy foreign merchant, or wholesale
dealer, who, at his counting-house or ware-
house in some obscure court in the City,
is amassing thousands, and pays no assessed
taxes at all ? In private life, to the man
with a large family, the burden is still more
onerous and unjust. In his case the size of his
house is regulated, not by his means of
living, but by the number of persons to be
housed ; while the man with no family at all, but
perhaps of ten times his wealth, in a lodging,
contributes not one iota in this way to the exi-
pencies of the State. Under the second head it
is quite notorious that since the continent has
been open to our countrymen, shoals of them
have every year unwillingly expatriated them-
selves, merely on the score of the expense of
living at home being beyond their means. This
is a disadvantage which must always attend a
highly-taxed country ; but then the secret of
taxation should consist in rendering it as little
onerous as possible on the middle and lower
ranks of society, and in taking care that even in
being induced to avoid one tax people do not
evade all. Now the great difference between the
expense of living in this and other countries
consists principally in the article of house rent,
which is here mainly enhanced by the direct
taxes in question. This it is that has driven
hundreds upon hundreds of English, Scotch,
ar.d Irish to spend their incomes abroad, and
thus avoid not only these two taxes, but the
many other sources of revenue at home to which
they must otherwise have contributed. And to
such an extent for the last 15 years has this ab-
senteeism been carried, that it may fairly be
doubted whether the country has not lost more
by it, in the various other heade of the revenue,
than the whole of the house and window duties
have in the same period produced. In the
repeal of taxes very little judgment has unfortu-
nately hitherto been shown ; mere clamour
having, in most instances, taken the place of any
thing like discretion, foresight, or discernment.
In the case before us, however, both justice and
policy go hand in hand with public opinion ; and
whether it be economy or substitution which fills
up the vacuum to be created, this partial burden
must and will, we have no doubt, be speedily
done away with.—Morning Herald.
After what we said yesterday of the tenour of
the speeches, and the result of the discussion, on
the address in the French Chamber of Deputies,
our readers will feel vet), little interest in any
further details on the subject. A little incident,
however, occurred towards the close of the deli-
beration which, as it gave rise to an explosion of
violence totally at variance with the previous
course of the proceeding, and is, moreover, con-
nected with a curious portion of recent history,
deserves to he noticed. M. Odillon Barrot, in
showing that the declaration of the military law
in Paris on the 6th of June was as unnecessary
as it was unconstitutional, alleged that the de-
cree for declaring the capital in a state of siege
had only been adopted in the afternoon of that
day, when order had already been restored, and
when, consequently, the ordinary tribunals and
authorities ought to have been allowed to pursue
their usual course in ordering the arrest and
punishing the crimes of the insurgents. To
this assertion Admiral de Rigny, the Minister of
Marine, gave a hasty contradiction by interrupt-
ing the speaker, and declared that the decree
had been unanimously agreed to at a Cabinet
Council in the morning. The Opposition orator
adroitly said that in present circumstances he
would take the word of the Minister, and de-
cline the reassertion of his statement. The point
was of some importance, as M. Odillon Bar.
rot immediately perceived, by placing the de-
claration of the King and that of his Minister in
direct opposition to each other. M. Barrot had
been one of a deputation who waited on the
King in the afternoon of the 6th of June, when
the insurrection had been subdued. We some
time ago quoted the report of this interview from
the recent work of M. Sarrans, and our readers
will probably recollect that his Majesty took
eredit to himself for opposinr, the measure of a
state of siege which he said° his Ministers had
projected. Here, therefore, his Majesty was
found saying in the afternoon that no such mea-
sure had Len adopted, and Admiral de Rigny
declaring that it had been adopted in the morn-
ing. The contradiction is palpable, and it will
not be easy to explain it away without supposing
that his Majesty, who then had no President of
the Council, and who generally presided over its
deliberations himself, had not been made ac-
quainted in the afternoon of that day with what,
in an important crisis, his Ministers had decided
on in the morning. That the Opposition de-
puties cannot be mistaken as to the date is evi-
dent from the report which they made to their
constituent body, sitting at the house of M.
Laffitte, immediately after the interview, and
which is recorded, as we have already mentioned,
not only in Sarrans's book, but in other publi-
cations. Probably the French Ministerial jour-
nals will be able to help us to some better ex-
planation. Some warm altercation took place on
Saturday between a Ministerial Member and
the party of the Movement, but as such con-
flicts are common, and imply no points of inte-
rest beyond the Chamber itself, it would be
superfluous to describe them.—Times.
Our readers must have observed that we have
been very chary of remarks respecting Ireland.
We have not been inattentive observers of the
proceedings in that country, nor have we been
indifferent to them. The fact is, we have seen
but too clearly that Mr. Stanley had involved
Ministers in a course with regard to tithes that
would infallibly heap mortification on them and
all their adherents in that country. Mr. Stan-
ley is a clever man unquestionably, and it may
seem strange to the heir of the house of Derby
that so great a man as himself should fail so
signally in Ireland ; but a man may do very
well for England, and (as is shown in the

case of the unfortunate Mr. Dawkins in the
Wild Sports of the West") " not do at all for
Galway." We saw that our advice might be
liable to misconstruction, and that the system of
eternal snarling at O'Connell (whom Mr. Stan-
ley has made what he is) pursued by some of
our contemporaries, was more likely to prove
palatable here, however unprofitable in the end.
In fact, Mr. Stanley's policy has from the first
been utterly inexplicable on any received prin-
ciples. We can understand the meaning of
those who, like the Duke of Wellington, think
that Ireland should be reconquered, and the
population, after being duly thinned, subjected
to another century of Helotism. But with a
country in the enjoyment of popular institutions
and popular suffrage, in which the mass of the
'people do not look to the law for protection,
but to a system of organised intimidation (for the
limit to undue exaction is not the ability of the
tenant, but the death that awaits the man who
takes a farm over the head of another), it is
incomprehensible to us how any man, with
brains in his head, should think of giving
strength to authority, by adding to the com-
binations for defeating the law an acces-
.ion of the most powerful interests. The
Governments on the continent, which we choose
to term despotic, generally take care to protect
•he lower orders that they may not become instru-
ments in the hands of ambitious men. A well•
eti Austrian or Bohemian peasant, whom nei-
,,her landlord nor priest can injure, is proof
against all the blandishments of sedition. But,

n Ireland the lower orders as yet owe literally
;loafing to the Government. They exist by
heir power of setting the law at defiance ; for
the landlords under the law are, by the compe-
tition for land as the only means of existence to
:he population, vested with what is tantamount
to the power of life and death over them—a
power which is only counteracted by terrorism.
With these elements of discontent, the Govern-
ment have proceeded, as if what usually secures
;)bedience to law—the interest of the body of the
people—had the same existence in Ireland which
it has in England. Obedience to the law was to
precede, instead of following, the changes which
shall make it palatable to. the people. What
;night have been effected by persuasion of its
benefit, was persisted in, when a contrary per-
suasion prevailed, merely with the view of exhi-
biting the possession of power. The result has
been most unfortunate. At the eve of a gene.
ral election, the mass of the population, by the
absurd perseverance in an irritating system, are
alienated, beyond recovery, from the Govern-
ment. Mr. O'Connell is now completely Lord
of the Ascendant. We are assured by those
,vho know well the state of things in Ireland,
chat the elections will almost everywhere go
against Ministers. Mr. Stanley has made re•
peal the sine qua non for appearing before the
electors of Ireland. Some stood out for a
cinger and some for a shorter period ; but all
have at length been obliged to conform. Mr.
Sheil, we have no doubt, hung back as long as
oe could ; but he is now a first-rate Repealer.
At the meeting of the Political Union on
l'hursday last, we find him declaring_

" There are eight millions of us—(Reiterated cheers)—
ind if there was reason for opposing the Union when there
were but four millions, is there not some rea•on for de•
minding the same measure of dealing as an Irish Parlia-
ment would adopt when there are eiv.ht ? It is said that
we should wait for a reformed Parliament. We have
.mad some experience of a refirming Parliament.—(Loud
ol,eers.) Is not all Ireland reduced to a condition the
,oust distressing and most perilous? Is not the very cry
.or repeal, in the minds of Englishmen, a proof of the

:•.stal mismanagement of the country? And how is the
reformed Parliament to remedy these evils? Not, surely,
persevering in the same fatal policy, which must ine-
vitably be the case, unless the British House of Commons
shall be scared by the fear of repeal into the adoption of a
qt.ter dealing towards Ireland. In the last Session, it was
riot Whig against Irishmen, nor Tory against Irishmen,
rut it was Englishmen against Irishmen.—(Clieers.) It
vas a national, not a party feeling ; we were arrayed and
marshalled against each other, and men who were most
lisposed to contention on other questions, Leagued them-
elves together to put Ireland down.—(Cheers.) Per-
h ips it may he said, the fault was ours.' How? What
17 is our crime? Giving an opinion on our own business
rml concerns. For was not the tithe question our qua-
? It was net English—it was not imperial ;it was
strictly and exclusively Irish ; and on this point on which, it

there had been a domestic Parliament, Englishmen would
have had no sort of right to interfere, there was an alli-

once made to roar and bellow down in gregarious tumult,

very remonstrance made by Irishmen against the injustice
arid the impolicy of their measures. There it is that I
say, that in the reformed Parliament, as well as in the
unreformed one, it befits Ireland to assume a high and im-
;,erious attitude, and to press Repeal,' if for no other
durpose than, with a view to its avoidance, to extend jus-
tice to the country. Let there be but forty Irishmen corn-
,,ined on this great measure, who shall act in a comhina-

tion, which sfisll represent the confederacy of the Irish
people, and salutary results will speedily accrue. They
can arbitrate between rival parties, and let politicians talk
with as much magniloquence of phrase, and as much vaunt
is they like—still, such is the passion for power and office,
chat in emergencies the Government will accommodate
themselves to the exigency of the occasion, and send for
the Members, and inquire, ' Pray, Gentlemen, what do
you wish should he done for your country ?' Thus, there-
!Ore, independently of the grandeur of the object, the
•neans which are afforded by repeal become more salu-
*arv. This question is to he employed as an instrument
o insure justice. The hope of putting it down is idle.
It has a lodgment in the feelings of the country from which
it cannot he driven—it has taken so profound a root that
t cannot be plucked tip."
- - - -

These are fruits of the stupid policy of the
clever Irish Secretary. We regret to say that
many of the men, of whom Ireland has much
reason to be proud, will not be re-elected.
Already Mr. O'Connell has started one Anti-
Union candidate for the Queen's County, and
the probability is that he may start a second.
Such, we understand, is the fury of the people,
caused by the mad course pursued regarding
tithes, that it is by no means improbable that the
moth rately disposed electors who wish to oppose
the repeal candidates will be afraid to vote. Mr.
Dominic Brown has already given up. That
Sir Henry Parnell's seat is in great jeopardy
may be easily conceived, from what we have
stated. We cannot help thinking that it would
be a disgrace to both England and Ireland,
were such a man as Sir Henry Parnell to be ex-
cluded from a Parliament of which it is said that
it will fairly represent the people. We trust that
an endeavour will be made in England to atone
for the injustice with which he is threatened in
Ireland. There is, we know, in many parts of
England, a lack of first-rate candidates. In Dor-
setshire, we believe a third liberal candidate is
wanted. Why may not the liberals of that
county exert themselves to return Sir Henry ?
There are other places, we know, where inferior
men are hailed, merely because better are not in
the field. Surely the man who has laboured
more than any other to introduce order and eco-
nomy in our finances, and who has written the
best book on finance in the English language,
~tihich has been for some time the text book
with Reformers, will not be neglected at this
time. If it was deemed by Ministers an honour
to obtain the accession of Sir Henry, his inva-
"dile qualities will not surely be forgotten by
the people. We have thus offered, without dis-
guise, our sentiments with regard to Ireland, '
which Mr, Stanley has so long been suffered to

mismanage. We trust that there will yet be
time to repair the injury which this course
of policy has inflicted on some of the most
honest and independent adherents of Ministers
in Ireland.--Morning Chronicle.
The people of England are now on the point
of commencing the exercise of a privilege and
the execution of a duty the importance of which
cannot be overrated. 'Whether this country
shall continue to possess those inestimable bless-
ings by which it has heretofore been distinguished
among the nations of the earth—the full secu-
rity of life and property, and religious liberty in
the highest measure ; political freedom, asso-
ciated with, emanating from, upheld and fortified
by, habits and principles of veneration for legiti-
mate authority, and obedience to established
law—the commercial prosperity, the public
power, the national glory, the social harmony,
and the general and individual happiness which
flow from the union of freedom and order, and
must perish, as all experience and all reason
attests and proclaims, from the moment when
that union shall be dissolved, such is the solemn,
the awful, the appalling question, which the
people of England are at this moment about
to decide. The approaching general elec-
tion must go far to determine whether the
new political institutions which have been given
to the country are so skilfully adapted and
adjusted to the character, feelings, wants, and
interests of its inhabitants as to exhibit in
their operation the principles of life, vigour,
and efficiency, and thus to take root in the na-
tional habits and affections ; or whether all that
has been done is to supersede what was old by
what is new ; to throw away the influence of
prescriptive reverence in order to commence an
era of convulsive discontent aed a series of in-
toxicating and enfeebling innovations ; to clear
away apparent anomalies, by which fastidious
theorists were offended, and to rectify abuses
which could have no sensible effect upon the
general welfare, at the expense of surrendering
ourselves and our posterity, for perhaps several
generations to come, to the miseries of anarchy
and the terrors of civil rapine and slaughter. It
is in vain to deny or dissemble that this is the
question which the Reforming Administration
has been contented to raise, or that all present
appearances are unfavourable to the probability
of it receiving such an answer as the friends of
the public peace, security, and welfare would
desire. Nothing can be more evident than that
an immense numerical majority of those whom
the Reform Bill was contrived to gratify, for
the sake of enlisting them in the party of the
Ministry of the day, do in fact at this moment
very cordially hate and despise the Reform Bill
and its authors. They have accepted Earl
Grey's Reform as means to an end, that end
being a succession, an unceasing and indefinite
succession, of further Reforms. With this view
they gave the Reform Ministry their support,
and they never disguised from the Ministry or
the world that it was with this view. The Mi-
nistry graciously accepted the support, because
without it they could not have maintained them-
selves in office, and they are now embarrassed
most deservedly ; but the peace and welfare and
future fortunes of the country are at the same
time deeply endangered by the conflict which
is evidently springing up between them and the
great numerical majority of their former allies.
There is, however, a powerful, and we hope
and believe a rapidly increasing, party in the
country, who are by habit, principles, and feel-
ings devoted to the cause of peace, of order, of
public welfare and security ; and who are, there-
fore, equally opposed to the Ministerial Revolu-
tionists, the Revolutionists from the love of
place, and the more consistent, disinterested, and
untired Revolutionists who are such from mere
ignorance or passion. It is from the predomi-
nance of this party alone that any hope can be
naturally entertained of salvation to the country ;
and, whatever may be the result of the approach-
ing election, as between the two rival parties of
Revolutionists, it is of the highest importance
that the Conservative and Constitutional party,
who will eventually have to rescue the country
from the meanness of the one and from the fury
of the other, should resolutely, and in every in-
stance, keep aloof from both, from the well-paid
and insincere Revolutionists of Whitehall, as
from the ragged and furious Revolutionists of
the Political Unions. We earnestly recommend,
therefore, to the Conservative party to absent
themselves altogether from every election (and
we hope the number will not be great)
at which they have only the choice of can-
didates belonging to the two rival classes
of Revolutionists. The choice is not worth a
pin. These two classes were firmly united but
yesterday, and would be as firmly united again
to-morrow if the Ministerial class could thereby
prolong its official existence for the space of a
month, or the Political Unionists could see a
chance of thereby advancing by a single step the
progress of the movement. Let the friends of
the Constitution resolutely refrain from landing
the sanction of a single Conservative name to
the election of a single Revolutionist of any kind
or degree. But we must at the same time ob-
serve that the higher classes of Constitutionalists
will justly incur the censure of lukewarmness in
the noblest and most interesting cause that ever
stimulated the energies of mankind, if they do
not take care that there shall be throughout the
three kingdoms no body of electors left without
the opportunity of electing a Conservative Mem-
ber at this election. The ground should every
where be resolutely contested, in defiance even of
the most unfavourable appearances. Where no
preparations have yet been made Conservative
candidates should be put in nomination without
further delay. In many cases victories would
he obtained where defeat had been considered
sure. In many others present defeat would pre-
pare the way for future triumph. The display
of vigorous resolution and invincible spirit on
the part of their natural leaders would inspire the
whole host of Conservatives throughout the
country with corresponding energy and courage.
The importance of the question at issue is surely
enough to justify and to demand extraordinary
exertions and extraordinary sacnfices.----Morn-

in g Post.

If war, and its concomitant horrors, were not
too revolting a subject to be treated of with
levity, we could find ample matter of amusement
in the sore and exasperated efforts to be plea-
sant which our contemporaries of the Treasury
Press exhibit in commenting upon the almost
universal expression of commercial opinion
which has gone forth from this commercial
country in reprobation of our unjust and dis-
graceful aggression upon Holland. An awful"
announcement gave the world to understand, in
the first instance, that the great meeting of mer-
chants and ship-owners in the metropolis, to
address the King against the war, was a " des-
perate failure"—then sundry pieces of heavy
jocularity were played off against this " abortive"
meeting, more distinguished for their coarseness

than their wit—next, a more grave and solemn
strain was taken up by the leading advocate for
a " peaceful war" and an " amicable aggression."
The changes wererung upon charges of high trea-
son and sedition against all who spoke or assisted
at the London commercial meeting, to denounce
the great crime of an unnecessary and unprovoked
war. Whether the treason was against the
majesty of Lord Palmerston—to whose clever
work of " pacification" the slaughter now going
on in Belgium puts a finishing hand—or whe-
ther against the recognised supremacy in British
councils of the crafty Talleyrand and the Doc-
trinnaires—we know not ; but it seems there was
treason lurking in the resolutions against the
Dutch war—and the " liberals" of the Treasury
Press showed as much shrewdness of intellect in
discovering it as the acute Dogberry evinced in
defining slander against a person of high degree
to be " flat burglary." But really to pursue,
with all the high-sounding denunciations of
" mine ancient Pistol," this " abortive attempt"
to make a public impression, was worse than
slaying the slain. It was, if we may be allowed
to use the phrase, not a whit more like a bull
than a " peaceful war''—it was killing something
that never had life. It was stabbing to the heart
a still-born project ; and yet, strange to say, al-
though it received such merciless treatment as
aforesaid, this " desperate failure" was followed by
others in all, or nearly all, the commercial
towns of the kingdom. In vain did the wea-
thercock Journal cry " Bah !" and its evening
satellite, with humble imitation, utter the exqui-
site monosyllable " Faugh !" the " failures"
went on, and hence much melancholy mirth and
sad facetiousness has been sported by our Trea-
sury Journals. Yet there is no doubt that to
those " failures" is owing the partial remission
of that scandalous embargo which had been laid
upon Dutch vessels, while it was declared in
the same breath that the two countries were at
peace ; and if there be any truth in the report to
which a Ministerial Paper has given currency,
of Lord Grey having written a letter to the
King of Holland, to pick a loop-hole for
creeping out of the war, by offering to give up
the question of the free navigation of the Scheldt
if' the citadel of Antwerp should be surren-
dered, such a letter must have been written from
a thorough conviction that public opinion was
decidedly against the French scheme of hostili-
ties, into which our Government had been fool-
ishly betrayed.—Morning Herald.
Our columns are this day so crowded with
electioneering proceedings, that we have scarcely
room for any remarks upon them—nor do we
regret it. Those who are not now aware of
their rights and privileges—those who do not
value, as they ought to value it, the great and
glorious opportunity of redeeming themselves
and their country from odious exactions, unjust
monopolies, heavy burdens, unmerited pensions
and sinecures—from oppression in the State,
and oppression in the Church—from burdens
which not only press most heavily on the poor,
but are severely felt by, and greatly abridged the
comforts of, the better conditioned orders of the
community—we say that those who are not alive
to all these matters, and are not prepared to act
accordingly, would neither be alive to them, nor
honest and active in their proceedings, though an
angel were to attempt to persuade them, or a
gibbet were in view to punish them for the iniquity.
Every thing has been said, every thing has been
done, to insure the triumph of those principles on
which the future prosperity of the country, and
its salvation from revolution depend. The
weapons of victory are in the hands of the com-
batants—the positions which they are to occupy
have been indicated—courage is only wanted to
render them impregnable—arid if, after all the
pains that have been so cheerfully taken to in-
sure a satisfactory and glorious result, the enemy
should triumph, and again put Englishmen
under the domination of the Tory yoke—why
we have only to say that the fault is their own,
and that they richly deserve it. If slaves will
he slaves, let them by all means enjoy slavery
and its consequences ; but in heaven's name let
us hear no more complaints from them. Let
not taxes be complained of—let not sinecures
be spoken of as abominations—let tithes be
lauded as a part of religion—monopolies be
praised as necessary to the comfort of the
people—let not the pension of the fairest sine-
curist that ever humbled herself in order to earn
it, be mentioned in the presence of honest men
—for now is the time for correcting all abuses,
by returning to the ensuing Parliament, upright
and determined Reformers—men who will
pledge themselves to see the people righted—
and if it be not improved, the fault is not in
the Government, which has done all that it can
do ; but in the people who have complained,
and are not virtuous or courageous enough to
redress their grievances.—Morning Advertiser.

CORONER'S INQUEST IN THE PENITEN-
TIARY, before Mr. GELL, on the body of J. FERDINAND,
a Frenchman, aged 56. It appeared that the deceased
came to this country during the French revolution, and
enlisted into the British army, which he left in a few
years to serve under NAPOLEON: About twelve years
since he again returned to this country ; and after many
years' privation he was convicted at Nottingham assizes for
stealing a ham, and sentenced to seven years' transporta
tion, which was commuted, according to the Act of
Parliament, to five years' imprisonment in the Penitentiary.
The d.-ceased was taken suddenly ill on Saturday night,
attended with violent pains in the stomach, and, notwith-
standing the usual remedies were immediately applied, he
expired after a few hours' severe suffering. The Jury re-
turned a verdict of Natural Death.

A Coroner's inquest vir; held before Mr.
BAKER, at the vestry-room of St. John's, Wapping, on
the remains of CAROLINE CHAPLIN, an unfortunate young
female, who had committed suicide through distress and
misery. ELIZA SIMPSON, a woman of the town, had
known the deceased, who was about 22 years of age, for
the last eight years. The last time she saw her alive wa.
about six o'clock on Tuesday evening, when she was in
the Blue Anchor public-house. She was not intoxicated
at the time, nor (lid witness see her drink anything. The
deceased had been in the public-house the greater part of
the day, owing, as witness believed, to her having no
other place to go to. She complained of being turned out
of I:er lodgings by her landlady in consequence of not
being able to pay her way, and seemed very melancholy
and cried bitterly in consequence. It further appeared
that the deceased was most respectably connected, but
being seduced about three years since, her family discarded
her, and her seducer having in a short time afterwards
deserted her, she was driven to the miserable life of pro-
stitution. Verdict—Temporary derangement.
SHOCKING DEATH BY BURNING.--Mon-
day an inquest was held at Guy's Hospital, on the body
of ANNA Itrcir, an interesting girl, aged ten, the daughter
of Mr. Radii, a respectable statuary and mason, of 3,
Barnett's-buildings, Kennington. The deceased, who in
infancy lost her mother, on Wednesday evening was read-
ing her catechism with another little girl at the parlour
tire, when a burning coal was cast from the time upon her
pinafore, which it ignited. She ran out of doors en-
veloped in flames, and a gentleman, named MARGETTS,
had the presence of mind to throw off his coat and wrap
it round the poor child. The flings were extinguished,
but the deceased was shockingly burnt, and she died on
Friday. Verdict—Accidental Death.
The following statement will show the com-
parative ages of the prisoners for trial at the present ses-
sions, 01(1 Bailey:—Above 10 years of age and under 20
years
• , 119 ; 2O and under 30, 117 ; 30 and under 40,
,e 7) ; 40 and under 50, 15; 50 and under 60, 8 ; 60 and
under 70, 4, Total; 29'4,
