i4SHIOMa

. , . . .
their native place, in ota4 'that the37:sllbuld requi a .i
no subsistence, although he exgled from thong die .. . , .. .
most assiduous service. , The soldier was deprived Of 4....ti.1'1ti4;AD FROM •tii7L.,- TiIIRD NUMBER OF 'Le BEAU
his pay, of his subsistence, and appeared every wliefe moNDE; OR, LIMARY AND FAIITONABLII SlAGA-
almost naked--while the Publit treasure furnicfr-l-d, . zilsin, TOlt JAN. 18(r.
.
in profusion, annual stipends of 2.0,000 dollars to FO.RL /MI ES.--Thr,' :hair dressed in 'natural curls round
each of his mistresses, of which lie kept twenty at the lace, with'a coror,,E:, bandeau, or other ornament in gold;.
lerithers of every I( i;;.t. The body, sleeves, and
.petticoar, of
least, to sUpport their boundlc;is extravagance, which
rich . tull-cokureal Satin or velvet ; the draperies of gauze
was both a disgrace to the Government and an insult
'Or tiltapy spotted with gold erithroidery ; the trimmings and
to the general misery. 4 false sleeve i of the saute, edged with rich lace, and the cords
" The laws were not more respeaed. A Con-
awl tassels that tr.Stoon the draperies, of gold. The brace-
iris roan(' the sleeves, the 'zone Sal the binding of the pct.
stitution *as framed by order of the EmPe.ror, solely ti,„„, ,„ hie a Tighe ,i,)1,1, we suppose, in commemoration .of
for. the advancement of his private intemits, did- ' the Ludy ajlievc.l nq of Saudi America. The petti-
coat is decorated with strificial wreaths of the white thorn
tated by caprice and ignorance, put into form by his
nutde in relief
Secretaries, and published. in the name of the Gene- ' • r •
. TOR C F•N'i I:iNIFN —Dark green, or other dark colour,
rats of the Army, who not only never approved or coat, awl sinail-cloili.e:i of silk, velvet, or fine cloth, covered
signed this mis-shapen and ridiculous documtnt, but with a sin.lii spot s.,,newhat lighter of the same kind of co-
never had the least knowledge of it until it was
jour, eet!.:Cit with silver tat.e, and pifibroidred with any kind
of wilt ii,,wFt at acknowledged iiritish growth ; waistcoat
published and promulgated'. The w
The regulating laws, ' t hi:e slaw, einumidered in , a very light pattern of gold
formed without plan or co'mbination, and :rather thread. Silk stoekiugs perfectly white.
with the intention of satisfying a passion than regu- A !`,161:1,4 tNG WALICIN nft%SS. —A plain muslin dress,
lating the interests of the inhabitants, were alWays ' far,
length, mane high in hoist, and forms a shirt col-
ii(iiru,narittlywrl:shitsOraoliittrarettidle
violated and trodden ander • foot ,by the Mo- ih°o"rtmst etsilea(lisroessembaroiedteisresde
parch himself. No proteEting statute shielded the opera coat, .without any seain in the back,- composed) of
People from the barbarity of the Sovereign—=his su- orange blossom tinged with brown, made of Anglo. cloth,
• osa7i!ersttilla,,ritgingnott.i,di
;cj‘tvltheirv.wfittilrt
wilt
aCisloilni:oll)ckalleyxtir'eumr,eol r
preme pleasure sent a citizen to death, and none tf
his friends or relatives could tell why. No restraint, delicate. The pelisse sets eh:se to the forrn no one side, and
in, fat% arrested. the ferociousness of this tygei• . is lasten&l'ohttre light shoulder with a brooch ; both. sides,
Abe Worn close ias a, wrapping )elisSe. I udispensables
thirsting for the blood of his fellows—no repro-mitrtTstiii nitwit worn, sni of r,j e saute cutout as the ilresS.—
sentiltiOn had any effect upon his savage heart, not The Agrippina n.tt is truly ekgant, awl quite new ; the hair
even the entreaties of his atni'able xvite, whose ex- in loos,: ,:,,GS, ‘Oiliined 1% ;Eh a band ul hair ; ear-riogs are
quite (Alt ur looloh," Leather gloves, arid high-shoes or
cellent qualities' we all admire. i - lialt.boots, ufor,,iige-hlossoin, brown Velvet or kid. , ,
The. Ministers, whose dutiei were defined by A F. v es, 11.0- I. or. L• Da ES a. --Miite sarsnet train slip'
the Constitution, if that ,Ali can be so named, Yri ,Milk_l wuila the hottotil with a silver sparrgled bordering ;
could never exercise it fOr the 'happiness of the j krey crape dicss ; shirt shit-Wes fulled into silver n., :t, cross-
ar‘mig tlite:le,:tt .n.ouider, and
.p44,:p.', wader-the right arm, totals
people. Their plans avid re‘)reientatiims were al-
ways laughed at, and rejected with disdain. Their i
L. r a I)et s tit
I it,: i t:i.if ts
;',lle...,3li''Ne II
i ilit'll ibsel'oc,7el 7 ' 'i'lei()t Wi•iiit ht., iel silver ice() ro,ft.
zeal for the public good in general, am! that of the al ;,.t ras.er ;a Si iver eilio,,,idered front, made high, and snap.
Cl/41 square to the busoiii, to be Worn witti6nt a tucker ; the
army in, particular, was always.,,nf mute; render- bottom of tne sleeve; cut with a point, and confined up with
ea ineo6tual. •
a silver ..orct and rass-.:1 to correspond WIC)r the drapery. Cap
" Cultivation, that first branch 'of public and pri- j of grey velvet and lata,,,tiie right side a plaiting of velvet,
vale wealth, w4s not •eticOuras_
4ed, and. the orders- . trint.ateu mound wt.'s, sitter chain ; the lea a short Ice veil,;
passion flower,
of the Chief only tended to diminish the number of ticsc b":hli „id') ',,l'iietlvicsii‘i.r"c'otrrratntdv"thas%isiilveL . I lie dress should
unhappy planters. Was it wise, in fad, to. snatch be brociened on the shoulder. .
from cultivation the hands which promoted it, for. E A Yinet a 1 NG VV.i% Lt INC. DRESS for G I'I,7TL ERI EN 15 corn-
the purpose of unnecessarily' auginenting the num- ,cut
ut ~ dark brown coat, with double-oreasted lappets,
Linn.,t,oi,,tilgslltsiletrvtailt:torculeartatleelayttlioeirigbV.g.e•ys.totivliiitthetttew,
(.)btottr
ber of troops, who Were neither paid, clothed, nor cri
subsisted, while the artily was before 'on a resp4iable three b‘ittotis ascending above the knee': boots With round
footing ? . . toes, and dark brown glossy tops.
.. .
". Such crimes, such enormities, such vexationf,
could ma longer remain unpunished. The people and
the army, tlred of the odious yoke which he iit) prised
rlptlti them, have re-assumed their courage and their
enemy, and, by one great spOntar,V.lras etfort, have
broken it. Yes, we have bin;:sst our chains. Solr
fliers you will be paid and clothed. Labourers, you
will be proteaed. Proprietors, you /will be 'secured
in the possession of your estates. A wise (:onstitu.i.
Lion will bhoilly cis. the tilts and the lulu. of all.
Until the' momen't shall arrive when we shall
be able to establish it, we declare, that concord'.
brotherhood, and friendly intercourse, Ling. the
foundations of our union, we will n'ever lay
down our' arlits before We Ilion havb striick
down the tree of our slavery and debasement,
and placed at the heatl of the Governmeat
a man Whose coutiyge.. and virtues we lime,
long respeCted, and' who, like tt, has been the
ohjea of the insult's of the tyrant. The pennie
and the army, whOse 'voice we speak, proclaim e:,',-,,-
nerai HEN'itt CHRISTOPHE Provisional Chief of the
'Government of Hayti, until the Constitution shall
have definitively conferred on hith that august title."
Signed by trERIN, PETioN, &c. &c. &c.

GENERAL OBSERVATIONS ON 'GENTLEMEN's
DRESS.

The general inoruning ordered on account of, the-death of
-the verrehrole I.srfse of 13runswicit, fuss prevented much alte-
ration in Georletrian'; dress; evening parries in the fashion-
obis: -world have bdell.a inert: asseirmiage of sables ; and as
litanyGentlemen's wardrobes furnished them with what was
needled sufficient tor the purpose, Int inventors of fashion
found sheniselveS completely criirriped and disappointed• in
the E.t.a& field ot" taste, by the nece,;sity -of IIeAY clothes being
done away us the total exclusion of a coloured garrtient.
, Morning coats ot dark brown mixtures, or dark green mix-
tures, wade either accnrding•to the same style as the evening-
coats, or bingle.hreasted, arid rather short, are still. fashion-
able. .These Weobwpdat to have generally mod:rate sized
metal plated button ; and thou-All ‘-ollars or tire saute cloth
are eolith sped; a black. velvet cull.tr a eunstaered as carrying,
a Lreater degree ot style. "
• lie rew coloured coats for full dress that haVe been-worn',
during the last Month, have undergone but tritfing varia-,
tiou; ,vhen'the.inouri.in.; is over, dark-greens . will gain an
asccadawy in tut "circle or tashiu4; and bitroirt coats with
Cullers ul the same 5.,r11, surf be ulClr iu 1;0..„.;ir.
The coital ot coars enough made- to rise.well. up in the*
tseck, is) however, not So exsretnely high as a eras formerly.
It is raiw made just sufficient to admit ot a small, portion of
• toe rreck,lorli being Seen above it; it then dess.rials•grarlually
ion the sides of the neck, so as to fall open and rattier LOW 111
-fratitl tee .waistcoate are worn ttinrh •Ouirtie _arid sitigle
s -
breasted with collars of moderate heigiri.4 suppAl them-
" i selves freely trout the neck ; and •as -tnoy, are buttoned only
p
about half way u, and only two or three or tire to ,erbuti.
the 0,1 taste:red, they ate made to show the drapely.
or the. shut to much advairtsNe by toe ap-,,atOrit Cul Ine‘S they
display when task:telly made, and 'pr..o,-rly. adepte.d to the
bony, Tire nrceciit',CUMC tolerant) Irsgrt up on tux hip, and
are tvvo or three inches below- the, hew of the • khtfe, where
they
,sit Verit`ztly closes taicusg, as they ascend, a gr.thi;ilin-
cre.43e of SIZC, to make ti tall C:Wlll).!re4 fun. blt
• at the Same tithe void' of the extravagant foil._, wire y r:11 they'
1 some -moritlys `east the colours of tile Strtall-
, clotnes were becoming sotlnesvirat Ire of the orange 1)1°3
' -'solo; or- lawn, in compliment to the Ladies, ivin irt present
teem much attached to these colours sit their pelisses; and
we think they would have becoure pretty general had they
not beets preversid by tile intros's:arms or black ; they. vs-i:1
be takcn into lavOur during the present month, as they are
much as:Mired in' tile haut.ton.

is .NaJ EST? 1)n been graciously pleas'erl to ap-
pro.., of the tbikAving Eledion4., viz.
Of -lout.: SOASE, Esq. Proressor iit Architeaure.
Of WILLIAM OWEN, an Amdernician.
And of-the Amnia! Officers for 18.07, as follow :

BE nyliN Wt ST., Esq. President.

COUNCIL:.
Richard Westall, Esq. James Wya?t, Esq.
john Francis Rigauii, Esq. larti&s Noll!wore, Esq.
Richard Coswayi' Esq. Paul Saodby, Esq.
Etimunii Garvey, E.sq, Wiliam Owen, Lsq.

,
PUBLICOFWZ, rIATTON'GARDEN.--*Yetterday
Cite iiteu who attacked the house of Tlr. Spencer, at
"'tinder's End, some nights since, were re-examined.
A Gentleman's servant swbre to one of them having
fired at him with intent to rob him, when the pistol
balr passed through his hand. •
HammOnd, a baiter, deposed•to having been
robbed on Wanteact ComriOn by one of the Pri-
soners, .a duplicate found upon whorl). led to the dis-'
covery of a 'watch, which Mr. Hammond claimed
as his own: They were all, :to the minther of
seven, cOdamitted for trial, subject to be brought up

again.
Oe.h Roberts, who has become an evidence for
the Crown, is lodged in a separate gaol.
Anna flanwell and Jams Conediorn, both ser-
vants to Mr, Byerley, druggist, in Holborn, were
committed fir re examinatldn, being charged on
,lispicion of taking money out of the iron chest. --
f! ! Some that had been marked was found upon the
prisoners.
At Guildhall, yesterday, Richoq Riggs was fully
cominitted for trial, being charged with attacking. a
yOung man about two o'clock on Tuesday morning,
in London-houhe-yard, St. Paul's Cburcla-yard, and
holding him whilst a woman rifled his pockets of
Ags. with which she escaped;-he then 'knocked the
Prosecutor down, and attempted to run away, but
was Btopp-ed by one of the patrole.
oa.Friday night a dispute arose beWeen two men
at the Rose and Crown, White's Grounds, Ber-
mondsey, when one of them gave the other a vio-
lent blow on the head with a poker. ~He was im-
mediately taken to Guy's Hospital, where he now
lies without the least hope of recovery ; his name is
Clinch. The offender made his escape.

At
.the Justices' Meeting on Tuesday last at Tre-
gony, a man, lately Married; appealed to get rid of
his wifo, on the plea that the clock had struck twelve
before the marriage ceremony was performed.
Our brave and jolly. Tars, who have a happy
,knack of desCribing things, thus speak of the pre-
sent great Lottery Scheme.--;“ She is the Roble ship
gosNr. FORTUNE---a first rate—carries the heaviest
::t-of—even 30;000 pounders—will' sail, in spite of
wind and weather, January 13th, when her first sa-
lute will be quade by a 20,00, pounder.----. After 'a
very short cruize, she will anchor Many of her Ad-
etatirers, in defiance col the Devil or Bonaparte, in
;;14 harbour of Plenty, in Old England..
