EAST INDIA CHARTER.

On the motion for reading the order of the day for the
third reading ot• the East India Company's Charter Bill,
Mr. C. FERGUSSON presented a petition from the
Court of Directors of the East India Company, praying
that the Bill might be so modified as not to be injurious to
their interests ; and that they might be heard by Counsel
at the bar of that House, against the Bill. The Hon.
Gentleman then entered into the circumstances which
followed the meeting of the East India Proprietors, of the
14th of May, but their being much noise in the House, the
Hon. Gentleman observed that the House and the Press
seemed both to listen to the details of this most important
question with perfect indifference.—(We were really sin•
cerely desirous to catch the observations of the Hon.
Gentleman, but the general hue made it absolutely im-
possible for us to do more than catch a few unconnected
sentences.) The Company objected to the changes in
the Local Governments, as calculated to throw upon
them a responsibility to which they ought not to be sub-
jected. They also objected to the ecclesiastical part of
the Bill; to the addition of two Bishops and Chaplains,
and to their being thus saddled with an increased expense
of sixty thousand pounds a year. He desired that a reso-
lution might be passed, declaring that that expense should
not fall on the East India C)mpany. The Company also
objected to the expense of Haylebut y College, which cost
them 10,0001. a year for no purpose whatever. The
Hon. Gentleman moved for leave t.) bring up the petition.
Mr. HUIIE seconded the motion.

Mr. MILKS also supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. GRANT, if he could suppose that the great inte.
rests of justice were not attended to in the Bill, or that
there were any points in it not sufficiently developed,
should not object to the prayer of the petition. He put it
to the House, whether they were likely to receive any fur-
ther information on the subject? He was satisfied they
would not, and should, therefore, resist the motion.
After a few words from Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Hume,
Mr. Macaulay, Sir Richard Vyvyan, Colonel Evans, the
Solicitor-General, and Mr. Cutler Fergusson, the House
divided—

For the motion
Against it
Majority —7o
On our return to the gallery, we found

Mr. WILKS on his legs; but, from the noise atten-
dant on the rush of strangers into the gallery, we could
not ascertain what was the subject of his observations.
Mr. GRANT, from the same cause, was inaudible.

Mr. WYNN said every man must look with horror on
the system of infanticide in India; but he considered it
impossible to check it by the force of law. It could only
be done by influencing public opinion.
Sir ROBERT INGLIS must record his own deliberate
opinion, that the subject had not received from that House
the consideration which its vast importance deserved. It
was sufficient for his purpose to say that, on the question
of slavery in Indi i—one of the most interesting that could
be advanced—there had been nothing like a general or
clear exposition. In reference to the judicial system of
India, they had only the reports ; and he would venture
to say, that not a fiftieth part of those reports had been
read by a fiftieth part of the Members of that House. He
must refer to the modes suggested, of bringing India nearer
to Europe by the aid t f steam. Whether this could be
better done by the Red Sea or the Euphrates he would not
say, but merely confine himself to the expression of a hope
that so important a subject had not escaped the considera-
tion of his Majesty's Ministers. It was not very generally
known that, within the last fourteen or fifteen months,
most elaborate inquiries had been made into the most safe
and expeditious mode of communication, and much valuable
information elicited. The passage by the Euphrates was
almost uninterrupted, twenty hours being a sufficient space
of time to get over the land—the passage from India and
England thus occupying only forty-three days. Another
point to which he wished to call the attention of the House
was, the great eeitrepot of Singapore, to which great en-
couragement opinion,f always to be given.
He
enbe l
Sir Stamford Raffles's re
sid-
not exceed 200 ; and after
ceevebelieved
there,
in ought,tet residents
first
i n
year his
did o
the expiration of two years they amounted to more than
10,000. Now, as to China. An expectation of an im-
proved and increased commercial intercourse with that
people had been raised, which be really believed could not
be realized. China had, for 2,000 years, been jealous of
any intercourse with foreigners, and he believed that for
centuries no stranger had ever been allowed to enter any
other place than Canton. He did not think the present
proposition for the establishment of a factory in that
country to regulate our commerce with it, could be carried
into effect in any such way as to secure the advantages an-
ticipated. He felt the argument was dangerous, and would
hardly bear to be used. He believed, though ;the Chinese

empire would derive considerable revenue from that which
was more than half smuggling on our part ; yet if we
attempted to violate the laws as, by the papers in the case
of the ship Amherst it appeared had been done, and not
limit the intercourse to the point they fixed on, they would
soon find means of sufficient authority and vigour to dis-
possess them. Could it be denied that the Chinese had a
right to do this? He thought it not to be denied, but it
had been. Mr. Lindsay had assumed, as of course, that
as we admitted them to the ports of Bengal, they were
bound to admit us to China. The case of Paraguay was
opposed to this, and we had never deemed it proper to
interfere there; nor could we do so with advantage—for if
the interference were limited, as it must be, to negotiation
and remonstrance, the experience of the last 30 or 40
years had proved it would be ineffectual. He regretted
the determination of the Government on this question,
and thought it was not necessary to deprive the East India
Company of a concurrent right in the China trade. He
feared the gigantic anticipations now formed of the success
of that trade would not be realized.

Air. BUCKINGHAM thought that the Indians had a

right to complain that the forty millions of debt which
they had no hand in contracting should be put upon them,
and that they should be obliged to pay the inte►est of the
debt. There would come a time when that debt itself
must be redeemed, and that must be done from the funds
lif England, for India would never be able to redeem it, at
least if the satne system under which the debt was contracted
still continued. In the construction of the Indian legis-
lative powers, which gave to the Supreme Council the
right of making what laws they p'eased, sufficient care was
not taken to preserve the rights of the English community
there. Now, under the old system, the Supreme Council
had generally been much mere inclined than the Gover-
nors to use despotic powers. When the Marquis of
Hastings, in the magnanimity of his own mind, took the
censorship off the press, the Council by their interference
induced him to impose regulations that had almost the same
effect. He objected to the provisions of the Settlement
Bill, and in his opinion a man ought to have the power of
settling in the higher or the lower provinces just as he
pleased. Passports and licenses were also unnecessary, and
indeed injurious, He objected to a Church establishment in
India. If Bishops were planted in India, as they would mix
in high society, and.not render themselves familiar with the
natives, they would produce but little effect in propagating
Christianity, which it was our chief desire to extend.
That must be done by the missionaries, who would go
among the natives, and suffer pr,vation;; which no Bishop
nor Archbishop would subrai-. to. Betides, it was the
fact, that among the English familiarity was conceived to
be derogatory to dignity, and from Mat prejudice the
usefulness of the high dignitaries of our-Church must be
limited. But then it would be said that the Bishops
would travel through their extensive dioceses, and visit
every part of them in turn. That would not be exceed-
ingly painful for them to do, for travelling was not diffi-
cult in India where a man was borne in a comfortable pa.
lanquin—had some persons to fan him while he slept—some
to bring hies water—and others to carry umbrellas and
shield him from the sun ; so that he had little to do but
lie down and sleep during the journey.—(A laugh.) It

was bad, however, to establish a hierarchy—its spirit was
always injurious. He would mention an anecdote that
showed this. When the first Presbyterian church was
built, while he was in India, the pastor, a most excellent
man, wished that the church should have a steeple, that
the two churches of Scotland and England might seem
to be on an (quality. Bishop Middleton refused this—
and that too i❑ a country where the Indian might build
his pagodas, and the Mahometan his minaret, up to the
moon, if he were able to do ir. He believed that nothing
could be more advantageous to the industry of this country
than the opening of the China trade.
Mr. HUME expressed his regret at the absence of
proper provisions relating to the administration of justice.
If it was desired to make the natives attached to the Go-
vernment of this country, there ought to be a provision for
allowing them to sit in the Councils of India. There
ought, at least, to be one native in each of those Councils.
Most of all he regretted that the Bill did not communicate
to the natives the right of sitting upon juries, a circum-
stance that would materially tend to elevate the national
character. At one period the right of sitting upon juries
was Riven in Madras—he alluded to the administration of
Sir Thomas Mont.° ; and, be was sorry to add, that on the
arrival of Mr. Lushington, the natives were deprived of
the privilege on the sole authority of the Governor. In
order to put this matter in a clear light, he would move,
in a few days, for copies of the minutes of the Presidency
of Madras.

Mr. YOUNG was altogether opposed to the East India
monopoly, but at the same time he was desirous that as
little injury as possible should be done to existing interests.
He thought that some degree of precipitancy had ben
shown in the formation of the Bill as far as regarded
particularly the trade to China, and be complained of an
arrangement made by the Directors, under the sanction of
the Board of Control, by which none of the ships belong-
ing to the East India Company were to be fitted out and
employed this season. The consequence had already been,
that all the workmen had been discharged from two treat
establishments interested in the question. At the expira-
tion of the charter, it ought to be recollected that no less
than 60 millions of pounds of tea would be thrown upon
the hands of Government, and how they were to proceed
under such circumstances he could not foresee. He even
yet hoped that some modifications might be introduced.

Mr: S. MACKENZIE vindicated the framers and
supporters of the Bill from the charge of precipitation,
and read the extract of a letter from an officer of a ship,
to show the anxious desire of the natives of China to carry
on private trade independent of the East India Company.
He justified the present system of Government in Llia,
on account of its cheapness and responsibility ; and with
regard to taxation, every anxiety existtd to render the
taxation of India as light as possible. Measures were at
present both in progress and operation for that purpose.
A MEMBER, who stated that he addressed the House
for the first time, enforced the fitness of employing natives
in different situations, not only on the grounds of economy
and efficiency, but because it would tend to conciliate and
to give a motive to others to qualify themselves for such
posts.
Mr. WYNN did not remember any Bill occupying so
much time and on so important a subject, which had
excited so little attention, and created so little interest.
He gave notice of his intention, when the Bill should have
passed, to move a clause for the regulation of the Board
of Council, and expressed his objection to the present
number of Directors. He thought that in future only
eleven should be appointed, and that any reason for con-
tinuing them at twenty-four would no longer exist when
the Bill should have become law. At all events nothing
ought to he introduced into it which would pledge Par-
liament to the maintenance of the present number. He
should also move, in the next stage, for the omission of
the words relating to the College of Haylebury, with a
view to the substitution of an amendment, the nature of
which he had already stated, and which referred to the
election of candidates. A clause, providing that a certain
number of cadetships should be given annually to the sons
of old or wounded officers, he should move as a rider to
the Bill. He objected to that part of the measure which
rendered it necessary for the subordinate Governments to
have the sanction of the Government of Bengal to any
alteration, however trifling.
An Ifox. MEmsEa contended for the necessity of ad-
mitting East India sugar and other produce into this
country without those restrictive duties, which at present
were as injurious to our East India subjects as they were
injurious to the trader of this country. He would ask
whether it was not sufficient to derive a revenue of
20,000 0001. from India for the support of our govern-
ment, our army, and our police? At the same time he
expressed his satisfaction at the measure which had been
brought forward by his Majesty's Government.
Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSSON contended that when
the Board of Control and the Directors differed, the lath r
ought to have the power of laying the causes of such dif-
ference immediately before Parliament.
Mr. MACAULAY observed they could already do so
by petition.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON maintained that they ought to
be enabled to do so without being subjected to the humi
liation of petitioning. He wished also to free the subor-
dinate Governments of India from the superiority of Cal-
cutta, which rendered it necessary, before they should be
put in execution, to transmit them to the supreme Govern-
ment. Ile objected, likewise, to the clause against slavery.
The power of the Governor-General, with a council of
five persons to make regulations for the Courts of Justice,
appeared to him exceedingly dangerous, as it enabled them,
if they chose, to snake changes the most repugnant to the
spirit of our have. He (Mr. C. Fergusson) thought the
Supreme Courts far superior to the Chartered Courts ; and
he would venture to say, having had more experience as a
legal practitioner in Calcutta than any man in England,
during a residence there of seventeen years, the British
residents would not willingly exchange the Supreme Court
there for any other Court that might be instituted. The
power of legislating for British subjects ought not to pass
from the British Parliament to the Governor-General and
a Council of five, or to any other persona ; and it was
unjust for Calcutta and Bombay to deny the protection of
British I rw which bad once been extended to them. The
clause gave the Governor-General and his Council of five
the power of altering even the law of inheritance. He
was of opinion, all the necessary instruction for persons
going out to India might be had at Oxford, Cambridge,

Dublin, Edinburgh, King's College, or the London Uni-
versity, as well as at Haylebury ; and he should vote
against the clause on that subject. He objected also to
take away the jurisdiction of the Court of Directors, as
such a measure would tend to destroy its independence.
With regard to the clause relative to the bishops, he had
given his vote on the express condition that the change
would occasion no additional expense; but it turned out

that the expense would now be 229,000 sicca rupees,
where is it was formerly only 166,000, being a very con-
sideralle increase.

Mr. W. WHITMORE expressed his hope that the
power of settling in the old colonies would be extended to
all parts of oar territories. He agreed in the observations
of the Hon. Member who had just sat down, that it
would be dangerous to subject the Courts of Justice to the
Governor-General. He wished that the political power
of the Directors had been continued only for ten years,
instead of 20. With respect to the restrictive duties
continued upon East India sugars and other produce, he
protested against them as monstrous tyranny.
An HON. MEMBER, after the very small majority (only
four) by which the clause respecting the Councils had
been carried, regretted that Ministers had not revised it.
Mr. POULETT THOMSON said, with reference to
the duties upon East India produce, there were not many
duties which were prejudicial to the East India producer.
There were certain articles, few in number, but supposed
to be of great importance, on which considerable duties
were levied. He alluded to sugar and coffee. lie be-
lieved considerable advantage would arise if the article of
coffee were admitted at the same rate from the East Indies
as from the West. There was a complete monopoly of
this article in favour of the West Indies, and the conse-
quence was, that the consumption was checked in this
country as the price was increased. With regard to the
powers of the East Indies to supply the country with
sugar, he did not think that with the present system of
cultivating sugar there, it was at all likely, whatever
alteration might be made in the duties, that it would
come in competition with West India sugar.--(Hear.)
The reason of the cheapness of E tat India sugar at present
wag, that it was generally imported as mere ballast ; so
that the expense of freight might be considered as saved.
At the same time be could not see any one principle of
justice upon which East India, sugar ought to be pl iced on
a different footing from West India sugar, if it were at
all probable that the diminution of the duty would tend
to increase the importation ; but the effect of it, in his
opinion, would be practically nothing, and he believed
the fears of the West Indians upon the subject were
completely unfounded. The trade with the East Indies
was now placed on a very different footing from that on
which it formerly stood; and instead of a great quantity
of manufactured goods being imported into this c ,untry
from India, a great quantity was exported there from this
country ; and it became therefore necessary to take more
of V eir produce in return. He hoped that at no distant
period the East and West Indies would he enabled to ex-
change their produce with us upon equal terms.
Mr. EWART had heard with great pleasure the decla-
ration of the Hight Hon. Gentleman who spoke last, as
he had conceded more than he expected from him. He
questioned, however, whether he could not improve upon
his plan. Upon what principle could he refuse the repeal
of the restrictive duties, when, even upon his own con-
fession, that repeal would be totally inoperative ? He
hoped the House would do something for itself, and he
claimed the repeal of the restrictive duties in behalf of the
free settlers. The Lion. Member, as we understood, gave
a notice of a motion to this effect.
Sir R. V YVYAN deprecated the discussion of this
subject at the same time with the question of the trade to
C'aina.

Mr. GRANT had already stated to the House, that al-
though the Chinese authorities might be adverse to the
trade with this country, the Chinese people were very de-
sirous of entering into it. Even the Chinese authorities
were beginning to see the advantages—not of prohibiting,
but of admitting European goods. The Viceroy of Can-
ton had been instructed by the Government to take mea-
sures for preventing the illicit trade in opium; but his
answer was, that it was absolutely impossible to do so.
Without any great effort on our part, he was persuaded
that there would soon be a considerable trade carried on
by us in the Chinese seas. It had been said that the
natives had not been sufficiently mentioned in the Bill.
Why, there were clauses in the Bill, the whole tendency
of which was to regulate the Constitution of India in favour
of the native population. It was for the sake of the natives
that the Bill established the great principle—that there
should be the same law for the native as for the European.
The Bill was then read a third time.

Mr. WYNN rose for the purpose of moving a clause, to
provide that a portion of the patronage of the Company,
in the bestowing of cadetships, should be directed to the
families of a body of men as distinguished for their gal-
lantry and meths as any body of men in the world, and
whose case deserved particular attention—be meant the of-
errs of the Indian army. Their case was, indeed, one of
compassion as well as justice. The pernicious nature
of the climate of India was well known, and be-
fore a man became a field-officer, his health was
too frequently sacrificed to the discharge of his duty. As
one mode of compensation, it appeared to him exceed-
ingly desirable that a number of cadetships should be an-
nually conferred upon the sons of the meritorious officers
to whom he had alluded. The Directors had hitherto had
the exclusive patronage on this point. He thought that
if a fourth of the cadetships were assigned to the sons of
the officers of the Indian army, it would not, under all
the circumstances of the case, be too large a proportion ;
and be begged leave, therefore, to move a clause to that
effect.

The clause was brought up and read a first time. On
the motion that it be read a second time,

Mr. C. FERGUSSON rose, not to enter into any dis-
cus.ion on the subject, but merely to make a statement
which was in justice due to the body to which he had the
honour to belong. During the last twenty-one years
5,092 cadets had been appointed. 0 f these 429 were
the sons of the Company's military officers, 401 were the
sons of the officers of the King's army, 124 were the
sons of the Company's maritime officers, 380 were the
sons of clergymen, 1,118 were orphans, and the remain-
ing cadetships were distributed indiscriminately among the
friends of the Directors.

Mr. GRANT was not of opinion tbat any ease had
been made out by his Right Hon. Friend that should in-
duce the House not to intrust the patronage in question
to the Directors. . .

Mr. HUME was not aware that so large a portion of
the patronage of the Company had been impartially be.
stowed, as appeared to be the case, from the statement of
his Hon. Friend the Member for Kirkcudbright.
Mr. WILKS hoped that, after the statement made by
the Hon. Member for Kirkcudbright, the Right Hon.
Gentleman would not press his clause.
Mr. WYNN did not think that 429 cadetships out of
about 5,000 was a sufficient proportion to be bestowed on
the sons of officers in the military service of the Company.
He would rather not withdraw his motion, as he was
desirous that it should stand on the Journals.

Mr. BUCKINGHAM observed, that in comparing the
number of cadetships given to the sons of officers in the
Company's service, and the number of cadetships given to
the sons of officers in the King's service, they ought to
take into account the difference in the number of King's
officers and Company's officers. The firmer did not
amount to a fourth or a sixth of the latter.

The clause was then negatived without a division.
ROMAN CATHOLICS IN INDIA.

Mr. SHELL then rose to propose his clause for making
due provision in India for the Roman Catholic and other
churches dissenting from the Protestant Establishment,
regard being had to the population of the various districts.
He was one of those who were of opinion that the wisest
course would have been not to make provision for any
ecclesiastical establishment in India whatever. The
Company had objected to any extension of the hierarchy.
Those paints, however, having been disposed of, it was for
the House now to consider whether is would not be expe-
dient to place all forms of worship equally under the pro-
tection of Government. The present Bill extended the hier-
archy. An Hon. Member for Scotland then called on his
Majesty's Government to introduce a statutory provision
for the protection of the Scottish Church in India. The
President of the Board of Trade gave that Hon. Gentle •
man an assurance that a statutory provision should be in-
troduced into theßill for that purpose ; accordingly, he(Mr.
Sheil) found that a most important change had been made
in the Bill, and that a provision had been introduced into
it for the protection of the Scotch Church. He would
ask what reason there was that the Church of Scotland
was to be protected by statute, when the Roman Catho-
lics, who constituted so large a majority of the Christian
population of India, were not to be protected ? 'l'he
whole amouct of the Christian population of lndi t was
800,000, of whom not less than 600,000 were Roman
Catholics, besides a large population of Syrian Christians
whose tenets differed from those of the Roman Catholics,
by a very slight and evanescent line of demarcation. Thus
there clearly appeared to be an infinite majority of Roman
Catholics in the Christian population of India. In such
a vast body of the population, of whom a great nutillier
were Irish soldiers, surely in all justice and good policy
there ought to be the same protection as for other classes.
At the present moment the eight Roman Catholic Bishops
in India were maintained by the Portuguese Government,
and, as had been most justly observed by a competent au-

it)heoBrui tpyp,
oiitt
ewdasbythae
ftovroerisgtn p
Golicy
itnomael lnot.w. th boie9
Mr. LYNCH did not think it advisable!
more than one establishment ; but, as we ono%
thought that if any other than the Protests dOl
Church were protected, that protection ebeD
elusively confined to the English and Scotch XOO
Mr. GRANT objected to the Hon. Gentles/
The alteration which he (Mr. Grant) bad'
nut with a view to establish any ecelesiastice:fieo
in India, hut with a much higher and general
sides, the clause of the Hon. and Learee
could hardly he admitted, as being too general
finite in its nature, for it proposed that .ft
worship should he equally under the protectioeivie
ment, and that due provision should be I°
maintenance of churches dissenting from °leo
Episcop it church." This would bring under
of
tion of Government not merely Christian faro,'
but every description of religion, even the idol o
r
of the Heathen sects, many of which were eucbt
from calling for the protection of Governtel
called for the most strenuous effarts for their
such as those where human victims were sactim'
Hon. and Learned Gentleman too had rather
the extent of the Catholic population. •
Jelli°
Sir R. INGLIS thought the clause too In
had no objection to the clause proposed by °
Learned Member, for allowing Roman Cathell6
in India.
Sir R. VYVYAN proposed an amendment,"
all existing legal rights being infringed in Madras
;
and Fort William, which was negatived without
Mr. CUTLAR FERGUSSON proposed sti
meta, which, amidst the buz in the House, We,
to be in effect, that the 53d clause of the 137 j
altered so as to refer not to the Governor-Ge'
but to the Governor-General in council.
Mr. R. GRANT said that the question had be:i
an fully discussed, that be should not argue it at 6
After a few words from Sir R. VEVIrAlit
GUSSON. and Mr. HUME, the House divided
For the Amendment
Against it
Majority for the original clause
Mr. HUME suggested that the expense of ILI,
should not exceed the present expense by
20,000 sicca rupees.
_ _

Mr. CHARLES GRANT meant to move
to the clause which be thought would meet tb
the Hon. Gentleman. He accordingly moved 1,
end of the 19th clause the words be added,
always, that the whole expense to be incurred fo'
port of the bishop or bishops, shall not bey
120,000 sicca rupees, including the visitations.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON, Mr. Wzmcs, and Colon
supported the suggestion of the Hon.Vdembee
dlesex, which was negatived without a division.
Mr. C. GRANT moved that there be added'
99 the words, "Provided always, that nothi4
Act shall prevent the Company from granting to
nities, not being of the Church of England, al.'
may be necessary for education or public worship
Mr. A. JOHNSTONE opposed the motion.
clause were agreed to, how could they refuse.;
species of grant to the Catholics of this coup
thought it necessary to object to the clause, es be
elder of the church.—(A laugh.)
Sir 11. INGLIS cordially concurred in the °
to the proposed clause.
Mr. R. GORDON bad hoped that no Bleetbet
have been found to second the objection Dude
Hon. Member. After they had been so long l'olj
efforts to promote civil and religious liberty, he tiO
to see such a spirit as that in which the °Wee
brought forward was conceived.
Mr. SINCLAIR was willing to incur pat ,
odium of supporting this objection.
Mr. PEASE thought that voluntary exertir
quite sufficient to extend Christianity in India.
astonished to see persons anxious to put their 17,0
the pockets of the Indians to support their owe
too
Mr. PLUMPTRE supported the objection tot
The gall, ry was cleared for a division— al

For the clause
Against it
Majority for the clause

Mr. C. WYNN moved a clause, the effect ui}
was, that Haylehury College should he abolitib od
that the young men already elected on the Pr
competition, should be sent out to India at onceto'
Mr. ROBERT GRANT thought it wou!d
venientto abolish such a seminary at once.

The House divided—
For the clause ............................... •. 461
Against it .......................................
Majority against the clause ....... ••
The Bill was then pissed.
SLAVERY BILL.
Mr. STANLEY expressed a hops that, as t-h
eri,
but few pvti ions before the House, Hon. Merobeof
raise no obstacle to this Bill, which was ovend
importance, being taken at twelve o'clock on Ii.;IP
It was understood that this request was aeceae,l
The other orders of the day were then dispose
the House adjourned at half-past two o'clock.

MIND
Of 90 (Teller included) w
Amendment to reduce the

,RITY

'ho voted for Mr. 12;0
period of Appreotg,
ENGLAN,I,I7
Pease, Joseph--Soll.-
Vivian,rorren Sirs,l R. H.
Waste)' It.—lporich
Wilks,J.—Boston

I4ll'
SCOTL A it
Gillon, W. I).—Fa'''
I RELAl4',;rir
Finn, W. F.—Kii.e:oo,
Itutilven, E. S.--0"/[iv
Ruthven, Edward! 0
Vigors, N. A.—Car 000
(Young, G. F.—Tyne

TELLERS.
Fergusson,
bright
Shell, R. L.—TiPPeirsl

.1-trry
I, on the 26th of Jul
ig heard by Coale'

ENGLASII4
Martin, J._Tewkesp 1
~
Methuen, P.—Nortk
Parrott, Jasper-I'°h
Pease, Josephf
_soitt cot
Plumptre, J. East by
Richards, .L—Knare, j
Russell, C.—Reading vtir
Strickland, G.—WeOt.dtri,l
Tayleur,
Tennyson, Right
Lambeth
Tooke, W.—Truro
Thicknesse,
Thompson, Aid._sall6"l4
Trelawny, W. L.
Turner, W.—Blackbrt
Tynte, J. K.—Wre."
setshire
Wason, Rigby--10s-0'
Wigney, N.—Brig.' ,v
Wilks, John—Bost°9,4§'
Win nington ,
Worcestershire
Yelverton, Hon.
marthen
