NAVAL NEWS.

FALMOUTH, OCT. 9.7-Sailed His Majesty's nips
Champion, Amelia, and La Loire, with the Expe-
dition under command of Sir DAVID BAIRD, con-
sisting of about 200 sail of vessels, supposed for
Spin; also the Lady Pellew, Capt. HARVEY; for
Corunna.

PLYMOUTH, OCT. 10.—Sailed the Preuva Spanish
Frigate, for the Rio de la Plata.

Arrived the Cossack Sloop of War, from the mint
of Spain.

The Transports which arrived here a few days
since from Lisbon, were this day ordered to proceed
immediately for Portsmouth, by Telegraph, and
this evening sailed under convoy of the Plover Sloop
8i Var.

The cleaner Schooner, which was dispatched
from Lisbon with one of Jo NOT'S Aid-de-Camps on
board, and a great quantity of plunder, was met on
her passage to France by the Squadron under the
command of Admiral Do COURCY, who, on account
of some informality in her Npers, ordered her`back
again, and she has since arrived at Corunna.

PORTSMOUTH, OCT. 1 1 .—Arrived several Sail of
Transports from Portugal, last from. Plymouth.
His Majesty's Ship L'Espiegle is, appointed con-
voy for Cork.
•
The Expedition still remains.

DEAL, OCT. 1 .-Arrived the ightingde Sloop,
from Quebec, with convoy.
Sailed the Furious Gun-brig to the Northward.

SHEERNESS, OCT. 1 I.—Arrived the Monkey Gun.
brig,l-Llentenant FITZGERALD, from the North Sea.
IAtESTER,OCT. 1 I.—Thetremendous stormwhich
happened on Saturday the sch inst. has occasioned
considerable damage amongst the shipping in the
Mcrsey. Two huge ships were driven gp the Ri-
ver, and now lie on the Lancashire side, nearly op-
posite-to Hooton Park ; one of them, the Alexander,
Capt. WADE, bound to the Brazils, had proceeded
on her voyage as far as Hoylake, where she was
in the greatest danger of being lost ; in her attempt
to get back, she was driven to the place where she
typw, lies, in the sight of many persons assembled at
the 4asthatn ferry-house, all her masts were blown
overboard, and the water broke over her in torrents.

The speEtators trembled for the lives of her crew;
Mr. SMITH instantly gave permission for the packet
to attempt their rehef ; his son, the ma3ter of the
packet, flew to his boat, joined by the hardy boat-.
men belonging to the ferry, he displayed at once his
humanity and skill, by rushing tearlessly through
the foaming surge : soon, to the infinite joy and .
admiration of the beholders, the packet was seen
stationary alongside the wreck ; great was their
anxiety till they saw her again tnovetoNoedii-Etvt-
ham, where, however, after a display of shill sei"
dom equalled in the navigation of the Mersey, she
arrived, with :36 of the ship's crew. (all on board),
whom she had saved from the most perilous situa-
tion. The poor fellows, half starved with cold, and
worn out with fatigue, were greeted with the most
hearty welcome on their arrival at the Eastham ferry-
house.

A great deal of mischief was done on the same
day to the shipping at Parkgate and in the neigh-
bourhood. The Sloop King George, M`CARTaIt .
Master leaded with coal, for Dublin, burst her
'ablestiin Beer House Hole, and was driven on the
''Wank opposite Parkgate, where she soon filled, what
her people, five in number, took to the rigging, but
were soon extricated by the laudable exertions a,
several sailors at Parkgate, and were brought safe
on shore. The Sloop Ardent,Nl
..-',..oaGAr,r Master, also
with .-coals for Dublin, run on a bank opposite Flint,
and sunk ; her crew, consisting of four met) and tsv°
boys, and a woman passenger '(excepting one of the
boys who was washed overboard), were rescued II: d
len
their perilous situation by the same sailoo,
oon
• brought on shore; but the other poor h,,y 5 t ,
ter expired. Notwithstanding the vessel wa6
inorOi.than a mile from the Fiintshire shore,
and there
isa' most excellent Revenue Boat belonging to the
port of -Flint, none of the people there attempted to
render any assistance to the unfortunate sufferers,
otherwise, in all probability, one or both of the boys
might have been saved.
The Perseverance, EVANS, from this port foil
London, loaded with cheese, got back safe into Hoy,
lake, and arrived at Parkgate on Sunday, The
BELLIN, from Liverpool, who was in coal'
pany with the Perseverance, struck upon floYie
Bank, but all hands were saved, except the Cap"' •
- and two boys. . , •
The following vessels are on shore 'at Parkgate'
viz. Defence, PARR, from Londonderry, in balla.4'
for Chester ; Bee, Tnomrsom, with timber for the
Royal Dock Yard, Ply Mouth ; di*mssted, with the
Idss of her rudder; Princess Royal, LEwis; from
Belfast, with linen cloth for Che,ter fair, which tg
all discharged; and the Sedulous, MORGAN, with
coal for Ireland; the Experiment, from Belfast.
with linens for Chester fair, is up as high as Shor-
wick, and now discharging her cargo. The Duke
of Atitriki,le of Man Packet, arrived at Parkgate 0 • _or
" SnUdaV last, at-ter riding out the. gale, and strilono
...Cliree-Or four times upon Hoyle Bank ; she left
verpoOl on Friday last, with between forty and fiul
passengers, who arc all now well and hearty'.
The Princess Rval and Beborough, Parl;gate
Packets, rode out the gale on Saturday last in a (Ali"
tal stile, owing to their being well found. His
Majesty's Yacht Dorset, and the Loftus Parkgate
Packet, which left Parkgate on Wednesday last, iire
arrived •safe at Holyhead.

DISTRI';',UTION OF PRIZE-MONEY.
To the Sloop Nautilus, for the Caprilie of the luilanra
Citthari.na and l'Esperance, at No. zz, Arundel-street. 'o'r.
three anonths.
Blaz,l*, fbr the Capture of the Pe
phyr, Ville de Nieuport, Neptunus, and l'Espera,,e,
Hope, French Fishing Vessels, on board, in the D,.wns, o'l
the 24th inst. and after at No. 1,4, Clement's Ina.
To the Gun-brig Safeguard, tar the Capture of the Ca
rina, every day, at No. 6, Stanhve—street, Strand, for three
znont hs.

SP4Nlszr PAPERS.

SiiSTALLATION OF THE SUPREME 1U2411A.

A r THE ?ALAI E Of AtcANJJEZ.

joIST OF THE MEMBERS ASStMSELEP.

fI(ESIDZIVT AD INtEXjh.S.
The Most Excellent Senor the Conde De Florida 13!atet..

ARRAGON.
Don Francisco Palafot, Owl Lorenzo Caloc..

- :(

ATUR lAA.
The Most Excellent Senor Don Melchor De jotellanor, the
Marquis De Campo Sag'ado.
Den Lorenzo (oLD) CASTILE.
Bonifaes be Quintan, - Valdes, absent.

The Marquis De Vine!! At
LA laiiNfl4AU is De Sabazona.

Th. Marquis de la Pimbla,I(
DoCO 001/ A.
n l uan Da Dios Rabe.

ZSTILEMADURA.
Don Martin De Caroy, Don teltx De Uvalle.

GRANAD•.
Don Rodrigo Requelinde, Don Luis Gines De G ines y s atido

JALN.
Don Sebastian De Tocano, Don Francisco Paula Castanedo.

TOR MAJORCA, AN-D THE ADJACENT ISLANDS.
bon 'Thomas De Vizi, Don I oset Sang!adz Ve Tajotes.

meect.t.
The Most Excellent Senor the President ad interim, the
Senor Marquis De Villar.

, SEVILLZ.
The Senor Archbishop of Laudicea, the Conde De Tilli.

TOLEDO.
Von Pedro De Bibero, Don set Garcia De la Torre.
V ALENCI A.
The Conde De Contamina, 1 Principe De Pio.

In consequence of the agreement of yesterday, the
24th inst. made in a preparatory conference, and by
which it was resolved, that at half-past nine o'clock
this morning the Supreme Central Junta of Go-
Vernment of the Itinerioin should be installed (to
Which effect all the 'Most Serene Deputies present
In this Royal residence, amounting to more than
two-thirds of the number which should compose the
,Junta of Government, who are mentioned alpha-
betically in the margin, were summoned), the ce-
temonywas observed in the following manner :
The said Must Serene Deputies assembled in the
Sacristy[ of the Chapel belonging to the Palace of
this 'Royal Residence,, and when formed, seated
themselves on the benches placed on both sides for
that purpose. They then heard Mass, which was
Celebrated by; the Most Excellent the Archbishop of
LAODICEA, Coadjutor of the Archbishop of Seretz,ea,
and Deputy 4f that Kingdom ; after which the fol.
lowing Oath, which' had been previdusly taken by
that Prelate, was administered by him, upon the,
book of the Haly Evangelists, to all the Must Serene
Deputies
" You swear by God and his Holy Evangelists,
land by Jesus Christ crucified, whose sacred image
you have iiere present, that in the employment and ,
fundions of a Member of the Central Supreme Juvi
of Government of the Kingdom;you will detlcyr
and promote the Preservation and increase or our
Holy Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman Religion
that,you will be loyal to, and defend, our august So-
Verelgn FERDINAND VII. and his rights and Sove-
teignty ; that you will promote the preservation of
Our Rights and Privileges, our Laws and Usages,
and especially those relative to the succession in the
Reigning Family, and those also which are particu-
larly laid down in the same laws; and, finally, that
',ct will promote every thing conducive to tee ge-
tem' welfare and happiness of this Kingdom, and.
the 4rnelioration of its customs, keeping secret every
thing that should be so, proteCting the Laws from
every evil, and persecuting their enemies even at the
hazard of your life, safety, and property.---.So I
Swear."
" If you do so, God be your helper; and if not,.
tray lie punish you, as one who has. taken his holy
name in vain,"—afinen.
A. solemn Te Deum was sung by the Community
of Barefooted Monks of St. Pasqua' of this place;
and this religious ad being coecluded, the Junta
Passed in front of the fine battalion oflight troOP69
Of Valencia, which was formed in two files from the-
entrance of the Chapel to the staircase of the Royal
Palace, and adjourned to one of the principal halls
destines at present for the sitting of the Junta. -
In this public proceeding, and among the multi-
tau,d, e r
c't.' People of, all 'classes and conditions who .were
d'i'''n4le-cls-tha greatest interest and enthusiasm were I
coveredin favour of FERDINAND VII. His name
Junta, souded
w on all sides, together with that of the
who had just sworn, before God and man, at
the hazard of their lives, to restore to his Throne a
Sovereign, sci
at
then
our laws beloved, to defend our holy religion,
, usages, and customs. The opening of)
gates of the Royal Palace, 'which had been atil
acing es
the melancholy
babitaaltisolitude of the magnificent
or our Kings, and the remembrance of the
epock at Which
,NAPCIC Shot II s and of the reasons for which, they
le drew tears even from the firmest of
the 44ettators, who performed the most affectionate
and interesting aaion, and the most useful in excit-
ing vengeance against the causes of those evils, and a
just confidence in the sub:leas who, after incurring
such danger in so lust a cause, nevertheless present
themselves in as great number as is' necessary to
bring it to a happy termination. Such, doubtless,
is what we ought to hope from the union and fra-
ternal affection with which the united'Kingdoms are
neatually animated. The enthusiasm and interest felt
by the people increased, when the most Serene De-
Pluies proceeded to the great gallery of the principal
front of the Palace, from which the, actual President
4teddzterjm Count FLORIDA BLANCA, again proclaital.
01lour beloved King FERDINAND j and the people
1.Z"..... Often increasing their lively acclamations
'ld the affections with which they were,in-
spired h
-Y a body who were to fulfil such great hop
tion to - tee more properly conceived, in propoyrbl
the dignified sincerity with which the
august proceeding which the nation has ever wit-
nessed has been celebrated.
The Most Serene Deputies being placed in their
respective stations, and the President having pro-
nounced a short but appropriate discourse, the Junta
declared itself legitimately constituted, without any.
prejudice to the absentees, who, according to file
agreement of yesterday, are to compose the Junta of
Government, in absence of our King and Master,
FERDINAND VII. and ordered a literal certification
of this att to be drawn up, and directed to the Pre-
sident of the Council, for his information, and that
of the Tribunal. In the mean time communicatigs;
are made to him of the lest orders agreed 'upot4.,'!.
Royal Palace of Aranjuez, the z;th of Sept. 1803.
IvIARTIN DE GAROY,
General Secretary ad interim.

8.-=Froth i the dnarter-..?1 aster
f toe auxiliary artnY of Galicia, in 'Portugal; Don
FRANCISCO Da Mo., we are inrorme), that; on
the kith, the French troops at Lisbon were embark
ing, and that they Were only carrying Off with them
French property, and no other, as had been reported.
This Officer (Ides merited justice to the army of his
Britannic Majesty, and to the valour and gallantry
General WELLESLEY. In the first, aolion, the
French, concealed in a pine grove, did considerable
execution in the British army, but in the second
they were beaten, and put completely to the rout
by the British arms. That generosity and humani-
ty,. so dear to the noble English, were the motives
for granting to JUNOT, and his army, a capitulation,
Of which his condu& had rendered him unworthy.
But as the French had colleaed provisions for six
months in the Castle, and had fortified themselves
in the centre of the city, in order to save the capi-
tal, which would have suffered greatly if the siege
had lasted, and with the °Rica of co-operating with
the troops at a point of greater importance to all
Eutope—on all these grounds, perhaps, Gen. DAL-
. /12XMP L E agreed to the Capitulation, about which,
however, we do not pretend to form an opinion ;
though we cannot omit bearing testimony to the
valour and gallantry of General WELLESLEY, and
the Chiefs and soldiers of his army.
CAN A CONQUEROR MAKE NAPPY THE NATION
WHICH HE CONQUERS ?
Before resolving this problem; it will he proper
to lay down certain undeniable and generally ad-
mitted principles. In the first place, we speak here
of that happiness derived from enjoying the conve-
piencies of life, procured by the arts, industry, and
commerce ; of that tranquillity which arises from
the observance of the principles of morality, and ,
from the proper administration of justice. It is, also
proper to observe, that a man estimates leis happi-
ness by the enjoyment of those conveniencies with
which he is acquainted, and by consequence that his
happiness must be limited by his ideas and habits;
so that a man born in Siberia thinks himself happy,
though living in a hovel, in which a Parisian would
look upon himself as the most, unhappy mortal in
the world, just as OVID thought himself in Pontus,
when"calling to mind the luxury and magnificence
of It.dtte, though he admitted the contentment of the
Scytt hians.

The conveniences of life then are estimated ac-

cording to the habits of men, and the soft bed of
down, necessary to procure sleep to some, may •
banish it from others. In two things alone as neces-
sary to happiness all mankind
.are agreed,- and these
are the preservation of property, .and the tranquil
enjoyment of it. He who attacks the former, or
disturbs the latter, under . any pretence whatever,. in,
stead of making a people happy, makes them miser-
able; since he deprives them of a good which they
418ve.,,.even though troth this privation • benefit should
"OJsisilt to posterity. Tranquillity supposes liberty,
and complete independence of all other laws and go,
vernment but that which a nation may have adopt-
ed ; it also-supposes the prompt administration of
justice, and confidence in those who administer it.
What every conquered nation first loses is its
liberty and independence, and as these are the pro-
perty of the nation, and dearest to man, in effea,
a nation, by being conquered, is deprived of those
possessions to which it is most attached,
.namely,
its laws, its usages, its tranquillity, and confideneei
and is forced to pass, against its inclination, from
its original state, that to which it liar been accus-
tomed, and which it prefers, in its own opinion, to
some 'ether state; whatever future advantages may
be deceitfully held forth, such a change must prove
harsh and violent. That all the advantages which
conquerors hold forth are false and merely supposi-
tions, must be evident from this, that conquest is
dictated by ambition, and that it can have no other
object than the robbery and usurpation of the pro-
perty of another, and the slavery and oppression of

the conquered country. Rome increased in riches
.
,;astaiigilandeur by the gold of the East and of Spain.
,L,,Stio became powerful ; but in order to aggrandize
herself above all other nations, she deprived them
of all they possessed the most valuable, and subjugated
then. Egypt, froin the moment when she was
subdued, became unfortunate, for she. was the mi-
serable victim of the ambitiOn of the conquerors.
Athens, as long as she preserved her liberty, was
learned, industrious, commercial, and rich. She
became the prey of ambition, and that fertile region,
described in fable as the.country of the gods, was:
converted into. a miserable desert, inhabited by bar-
barians. The obelisks of Memphis, and the statues'
oaf 4thens, were the monuments of robbery in the
fordms and temples of Rome, and that city beingnow
conquered by BUONAPARTE, more fierce than At-
tila; who respected these triumphs, they have been
transferred. to Parris, and are manitiest proofs of the
feliCity which BCONAPARTE dispenses to the king-
doms and nations which he conquers. How,
them, can the title of Conqueror be reconciled with
that of Restorer and Protector of the human race?
The former denotes the man of war, who acknow-
ledges no other law but that of force-7-no rule but
what may make him master of the-property and
liberty of the _ weak; he is a robber, and effecting
his purpose by bloodshed, he is a highWityman ;• or.
if by perfidy, he can only be looked upon as a '
Chief of Assassins. No conqueror can clear him-
Self of these disgraceful appellations, since he is a
robber who takes that by force which does not be-
long to. him; a highwayman, who sallies forth with'
arms to rob on the highways; and an assassin, who
robs and murders by lying in wait, and by treachery.
What nation; then, can expect its felicity from the
hand of a conqueror i' Does the metropolis convey
,t ppirress to provinces conquered by. unjust means 1
ii. we all know that the great Imperial Capitals
i. i
~ aye 'beet) established on the ruin of conquered
countries, and that every nation, which, by cowar-
dice or credulity, has permitted itself to be subjugated,
is, from that moment, enslaved, miserable, and
unhappy.
CaItUNNA, OCT. 4.—Yestetclay morning, a Fleet
of Transports, escorted by five English Frigates, a
Brig, and a Cutter, hove in sight otf the Cape, at
the distance of four leagues from this port. They
have on board 8,500 men, under the command of
the Marquis Da LA ROMANA, who are to be dis-
embarked at St. Andero, unless the Vessels should
be prevented by contrary winds from making
.that
gut
[epot.

ADVICE TO PosrzatTy.--If the noble arts have
for an objeti to perpetuate the ataions, the images,
and the memories of heroic wen, acid that iatmor-

64 is i jiiti reward of v'ilritie and antirage, and i
clear pivof of the gratitude 'of a nation, without
whidi Virtne4 niiriation ought to be called cultivated
or civiliied; and that the statues or cAmiLLut; MA-
Rills, AisiroNthuS, and other Roman heroeS; the-
glory of the capital, wc.re the books in which the
Roman youth studied the road to honour and glory
the revolution in Spain, of the year [BOB, not being
less illustrious than any event which has Atained
immortality, I propose, for the adoption of all good,
patriots, and as a beneficial and salutary advice to
posterity, to cast an eternal
*Opprobrium on .the
Wicked, and to retie& glory on loyalty and patriotism,
that in all'the facades or fronts of houses of Public
assembly in- the cities and towns of the Peninsula
and its ;dominions, there be..engraven in stone or
bronze, an inscrigtion, which shall succinOly.rna-
nifest all that has occurred in Spain by the perfidy
of 13novAiAaat and tlie French; the infidelity of
the. infamous Goooy, and the misplaced confidence
of King CHARLES IV. to prevent, -for the future; a
foreign- army entering our territory, .occupying our:
palaces and fortifications, and committing such atro,,
cities upon our persons and,property as the French
did, and that our Sovereigns and Supreme TrinunalS, '
apprised of the seductive - perfidy with' which the
French abused the noble confidence of our beloved .
FERDINAND VII. in alluring him to France under,
false pretexts, detaining and confining him, and
forcing him to resign all pretensions (0 the,CroWn'of
Spain and the Indies, contrary to law and justice,
leaving the nation in grief and mourning, under the
yoke of a Fdreigner, and exposed to total destruelion,
shall swear not to permit the Kings to leave-their'
territories. without consulting anti- obtaining- the ap- -,
probation of the Supreme Tribunal of the nation,
and getting sufficient security fbr the Royal Person
not losing his liberty, and plunging the nation in
sorrow and grief ; and that the Sovereigns may per-.
ceive the grievous consequences of putting their royal
confidence in any individual person to execute. the
functions of „Government, I would propose, that,
with the assistance of all the tribunals, and the as-
sembly of the royal and noble city of Madrid, ' there
shall annually, on the 2d of May, he a brief recital,
in the Royal Palace, of the occurrences in Spain,
from the affair of the Escurial, until the restoration
of our beloved Sovereign to his throne, and the eva-
cuation of the country by the French ; and that ho-
nourable mention be made of the generosity of
GEORGE the Third and the people of the British na-
tion ; and that, on the following day, -there be a
solemn anniversary, in all the churches, in honour
of thci loyal inhabitants of. Madrid, and the valiant
Spaniards,-who with so much heroism saved their
country and. their Sovereign._

The title of Emperor of the Two Americas, which
CHARLES IV. was to assume, according to the:Se-
cret Treaty of the 27th of °dotter, is particularly
worthy of notice. What are those two AmericaS
We know of none but North and South.—Let the
commentators of the United States meditate well on
this text ; and let every American Citizen bear it in
mind when he seeks for the causes of Mr. JEFFER-
SON'S attachment to France.---This Treaty was made
under the aethority of the Par NCH of the PEACE, and
was studiously concealed from the regular Ministers.
The emigration of CHARLES IV. and his Family to
America, was also secretly concerted bet Ween the
PRINCE of the PEACE and BUONAPARTE, who ek-'
pefteal tben to occupy the vacant Throne of Spain
without resistance. But the unlooked-for energy
of the Spanish People has happily defeated this dark
and infamous conspiracy. •
, We trust that M. CEVALLOS' luminous, able, and
convincing publication, will be circulated in all pos-
sible ways through every part of Europe. Nothing
should be omitted to make it as public as possible in
France, irrltaly, Germany, every where. It is, an
engine of mighty power against BUONAPARTE—it is
the lever of ARCHIMEDES, and will raise th,e world
against him.
A contest of a, singular nature has lately taken
place at Edmonton. A proposition had been made
by the Parish Officers to, the Vestry, for building a
wall round the Workhouse, which was negatived.
The former, however, proceeded in carrying the
proposed 'measure into effed, and the Vicar (the
R. Dawso* -Waiteetc), although a requisition
was presented to him, signed by twenty-eight Pa-
rishioners, •refused to call another' Vestry. After
repeated ineffectual applications for a Vestry, a
general meeting of the Parishioners was called, and
held at the Bell, at Edmonton, on the 7th ult. at
which several Resolutions were passed on the mo-
tion of Mr. WAITHMAN, declaring that the Parish
Officers were not empowered to make any new
buildings or erections, at the expence of the Parish,
without the consent of the general Vestry, and con-
demninthe conduct of the Officers and of the Vicar.
After the wall was completed, a Vestry was called,
at which Mr. MELLISH took the Chair. A Resolu-
tion was moved, approving of the conduct of the
Parish Officers, to which Mr. WAITHMAN moved
an Amendment, directing that the Parish Officers
should not pay for the wall out of the parochial
funds. Upon a shew of hands, the Amendment was
declared to be carried; a division was demanded,
and there appeared for the Amendment 97—against
it 50—majority 47. A poll of the whole Parish
was then deManded, which was strenuously object-
ed to by the majority, but was granted by Mr.
MEL elm, to continue three days, from eight in the
morning till four in the afternoon. It was then
moved, that the same be by ballot; but Mr' Mi:n-
LISH refused to put the question. At the close of
the poll the nurnbersappeared for Mr. WAITHMAN*S
Amendment I,s2—against it 85—majority . 67.7-
After the numbers were declared, another motion
was made. by' Mr. WAITHMAN, declaring the con-
duet of M. 1% MELLISH, as Chairman, to have been
partial and improper—which was carried by a.great
Majority.
Mrs. Callard, a laundress, in Wych-street, a few
evenings since was defrauded of a large quantity of
linen by a decent looking woman, who told her that
she must go immediately to a Gentleman's house in
Gtay's Inn, to fetch some linen to wash. After
going with -her some way she feigned sickness, and
as soon as Mrs. Callard was out of bight, she has-,
tened back to her house, and told the maid servant
that her mistress' sent her for all the. washed ben to
be mangled, which ,being given to her, she de-
camped, and has not since been heard of. • Mrs.
Canard could not find out the person she was re-
commended to by this female sharper, who was
hoodel over her head that the might not te,recog-
sised,
