[RRITISII PRESS.]

The gracious carriage which has distinguished
Charles X. towards all parties since his accession,
has rendered him decidedly the most popular
Sovereign who ever sat on the French throne.—
The apprehensions and suspicions of those who
dreaded his reign are rapidly ceasing. If there be
any who disapprove of the King's conduct, it is a
certain knot of persons who hoped exclusively to
enjoy his favour. The marked attention which
his Majesty has bestowed on several members of
the Oppositiou I►as even alarmed the cote droil.
Our correspondent sends us the following anec•
dotes, illustrative of the King's feelings :
PARIS, Our. 4.—On Saturday, after the ap-
pearance of M. de Chateaubriand's pamphlet, he
had an audience of the King, which lasted above
an hour. Yesterday (Sunday) the levee of his
Majesty was very brilliantly as well as nu-
merously attended. A. great many Members of
the Opposition of both Chambers were present.
The King addressed himself in the most affable
manner to M. !toyer Collard, and continued talk-
ing with him for some minutes. When he was
gone, the King asked M. de Talleyrand who the
Deputy was that he had been conversing with ?
Sire,' said M. de Talleyrand, it was M.
Royer Collard." Why did you not tell me
sooner,' rejoined his Majesty, ' that I might have
given him a better reception' (je lui aurais fiat
un Lieu milieu,. (welled). I thought,' replied
M. de Talleyrand, that your Majesty had re-
collected him ; but will your Majesty permit me
to make known by letter the obliging %fords you
have spoken to nie respecting him 1' 6 Yes,
certainly,' said the King ; ' write to him what I
have said, and express the sentiments of es-
teem and affection I feel towards him' (Oui
eertes, eerivez lui ye que je views de your
dire et njoutez
.1) rexpression des sentiments
d'estime et trufeetion que j'ai pour lui.) What-
ever may have been said to tha contrary, I Call
assure you that M. Decaze met with a reception
equally favourable. Nothing can exceed the
popularity of the King and the Dauphin. The
removal of M. de Villele is confidently expected.
Perhaps no otie act has contributed more generally
to increase the King's popularity than the happy
reply he wade to General Excelmans
• 4t Ge.

neral, I forget all that has passed. The only
thing that I wish to remember is, that when you
received from Buonaparte an order to pursue me,
you fixed on a different road to that which I pur-
sued."

[NEW TIMES.
The Expresses from Paris received yesterday
bring the closing price of the French Funds,
102 f. 50c. for the Account ; but, contrary to the
general course, this advance was not followed by
a corresponding effect upon the British Funds,
Consols having remained nearly without variation
at 954 i, and for the next Account 96“. In the
Foreign Securities there was no material variation.
—The Lisbon letters being less satisfactory than
the lateness of their dates had led the par-
ties connected with that country to expect, the
Scrip of the Brazil Loan, which had been at -}
premium, declined to par. In South American
Securities, from the absence of any intelligence
from that quarter, there was little business
transacted.—Purchases in the French Itentes
were made in the forenoon at 102 f. 25c., but
subsequently at 101 f. 50c. For the last few
days there have been reports of the French
Government contemplating an expedition against
St. Domingo, and there are many persons
who consider such a measure far from unlikely.
The sudden dismissal of the Haytian Deputies,
and the efficient state of the French fleet in the
Mediterranean, are adduced as evidences of the
probability of such an event. We cannot, how-
-1 ever, conceive that a measure so desperate would
be resorted to after the lamentable experience of
1802. The wanton destruction of 35,000 French
lives, in the vain attempt to reduce a nation of
freemen to slavery, forms too deep a stain on the
memory of Buonaparte, to render it at all pro-
bable that Charles X. will follow so odious an
example.
Mr. Canning's answer to the Address of the
Belfast Chamber of Commerce, although it con-
tains none of those avowals of political principle,
which some thought the Right Honourable Gen-
tleman went to Ireland purposely to make, does
seem to intimate that his original intention was
to have made a longer stay in that country. If
we may judge, from what he did, of what
he would have done, had not public busi-
ness compelled him unexpectedly and reluc-
tantly to return, we should say this illustrious
Statesman would have employed himself better
than in attending political meetings. Even
in the short space of time which he could coin.
mand, he sought out the abodes of misery ; he
saw distress with his own eyes, and traced its
causes and consequences by his own personal ob-
servations. We may be assured that this expe-
rience has not been lost on anintellect and a
heart like those of the Foreign Secretary : and
perhaps some future displays of his powerful elo•
quence may draw a deeper pathos from the visit,
short and hasty as it was, which he was enabled
to make to the country of his birth.—(/bid)

MELANCHOLY CASE OF SEDUCTION.

A few days since the family of Mr. J-,
a highly respectable and fashionable hotel keeper at the west
end of the town, were unexpectedly thrown into the bitterest
domestic calamity, owing to an unlooked.for disclosure from a
faithful servant, in which the honour of the family is materially
involved. The daughter of Mr. J nearly QS years of age,
"
but of the most accomplished manners, and in person exqui-
sitely charming, had been for some years known to the family
of Mr. 0— , an opulent draper in the vicinity of Bond-street,
and the ties of friendship between the families appeared to be
strongly cemented by constant association; in the course of
which the gay and imposing attentions of the young Mr.
o_, then about the same age, imperceptibly stole in
upon the unsuspecting heart of the beautiful Miss J--; so
much so, that his pre-eminence to her other numerous suitors
became visible to her friends. lie was musical, fond of
patties, possessed of a strong mind, a good person, polished
manners, and, according to the phraeseology of the pre-
sent day, was a charming man. The months of joyous
courtship stole away under the most solemn protestations
of honourable results on the demise of a near relation,
aged 83, from whom Mr. 0. had large expectancies. These
assurances and frequent uninterrupted meetings between them
afforded the most ample opportunities for the furtherance of the
detestable purposes of Mr. 0. on the unsuspecting Miss J._._.
The fact of lira avowed courtship was a matter of public and
domestic converse, and the unfortunate Miss J. was almost
daily expected to be honourably allied to wealth and integrity ;
and thus matters went on for nearly two years, without the
least suspicion. At length, about 3 months since Miss J. be-
came extremely low and desponding, scarcely taking any sleep
or food, and when questioned by her female attendant, she
for sonic time gave evasive answers and incoherent expressions
of fondness and revenge against Mr. 0., so as to leave little
doubt as to the cause. The family now became alarmed at the
hints of the servant ; Mr. o.'s visits became less frequent, and
his attentions languid anti insipid ; and at length the servant
obtained from her mistress the source of the grief' which hung
heavily on her. She confessed, that under the mask of intro.
diming her to a relative of O.'s, he had one evening, while
walking, prevailed on her to accompany hint to see
an aunt in the vicinity of Soho.square, where he accom-
plished the foul purpose he hail been at least three
years contemplating, and that her utter ruin was inevitable
with her family and the world. Means were immediately re-
sorted to by the trusty servant ; and Miss J. was shortly
conveyed front town for the benefit of the air, accompanied by
her faithful attendant, where she lay in about a month since
a few miles from the Metropolis; and, on her being considered
out of danger, the charm of silence was broken. For the protec-
tion of her mistress and babe, the domestic divulged the fatal
secret to the heart-broken Mr. J. the family of whom became
convulsed with rage, as did also that of Mr. 0. Mr. J. bad
an interview with him, and immediately demanded the most
honourable amends for his daughter's disgrace at his hands,
when, with the sung freld peculiar to the seducers of the
age, he not only confessed his offence with disgusting un-
manliness, but added to the injury he bad committed, by
saving that he could never reconcile it to his feelings to snake
the lady his wife. This conduct has not only embittered the
rpinraiidideletridoefd
thialur.ghJt.e'rs, dsahyes, 'fa liinuttet ;oiir reaching the ears of his
and she has ever since
remained in so desperate a state, that, very little hopes are now
entertained of herself or and, though every medical aid is
longhay-
ing
f
"111
honour to the unprincipled solicitations of' a villain, who un-
blushin wounds the
gly in one unfortuitous moment yielded her
feelings of an aged parent, and those of
his victim. Mr. J. intends to bring the case before the public
next Term, when no doubt a Jury will award such damages
us will prove IA warning to gay men on town.- (iforning
Paper.)

Dolan, OCT. 5.--This morning two privates
of the 17th Lancers, of the names of Briscoe and Henderson,
who had deserted front Deal Barracks, were apprehended at
the Cross Keys alehouse here, on a capital charge of felony, in
having entered the barrack-room of Captain Scott, an officer
of the lith, stolen various articles of plate, wearing apparel,
and a pair of pistols. They had sold part of the property in
this town, particularly the pistols, which were said to be worth
20/. for IL At the time of their apprehension they were ap-
parelled in the clothes of Captain Scott, and had so disfigured
themselves, by cutting off their whiskers and mustachios, that
the scrjeant who was sent after them was a quarter of an hour
in their company before he recognised them. One of them i
said to have bean a commissioned officer, and is highly re-
spectably connected. They were both sent to Deal Gaol.
