MR. (101. T LA Y.

Mr. H {YAM presented a jtetition most numerously and re.
apectably signet by the inhabitants of the town of Darlool, in
ffeshire, praying the House to take into consideration the
case of Mr. Gourley, who had been confined in prison for a
length of time (where he hail been sent without any trial) for
contempt of the House, which the petitioners contended was
too severe treatment.
Mr. Secretary PEFAI explained, Mr. t iourlay had not been
confined for contempt of the House, but for committing and Mk
sank upon an individual, ter which offence he not only rethses to
give (lam for his good behaviour for the future, hut bed conduct-
ed himself ir. so wane and incoherent u manner, that he had
been deemed insance, and therefore confined. lie (Mr. reel)
could assure the Hen.M ember for A berdeenithat everymt en tam
had been paid this unfortunate gentlemen every remedy that
could soften the TOO* of his confinement had been adopted,
,
but dratunderall these combined eircuroStaricra„ he thought it
would be imprudent to set him at liberty. lied the Hon.
Member for Aberdeen conducted himself in the way this intii.
in the same situation as the individual aft d WO.)
vldual had, the House would- be right in keeping him
—lie did not Wish to detract from the merits of the petimmi

‘,
gold for them, which was refased, and their own notes ten-
dered, which he in turn refused, that in twenty four hours itf.
terwards, the request was ,complied with t and praying the
House to withhold its assent from the measure now in progress,
relative to the currency of the country.
The Petition was read, after a few words from,Mr. Bating
and Sir P. BuItDETT.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER laid, it was
Clear in this case the party had suffered no inconveuie.nce ex-
cept that which he had brodght on himself—the House could
not by any possible mode interfere so as to get him the value
of these notes sooner than the Banker had given him value.
Mr. W. eMITII thought the occasion had Merely been
seized on for the purpose of founding Upon it a Petition to the

House.
Mr. CALCRA rr had all along felt thaeGovernment should
have abstained from decrying one currency, namely, that
of paper, until they had procured the public another in its
stead.
The Petition was, on Mr. II ume's motion, ordered to be
printed.
He then presented a petition frOni 'the CAffporation of Aber.
deen, praying that th'„,, House would not sanction any interfer.
ence in the currency
Air
from
ri irt;iint'rH debatingC°'rS Honourable Gentlemen to
abson every petition, on the subject of our
commercial difficulties as arising from the state of the currency.
The effect of these desultoty arguments was to produce distrust
in men's minds, as to the real resourcee of the country, to which
he believed washy no means so materially affected as had been
imagined.
Mr. HUMS presented a petition from Pollockshaw,in North
Briton, praying fur a repeal of the Corn Laws. In the few
observations with which he pretiteed the motion for reading the
petition, he took an opportunity of condemning these laws, us
highly injurious to the working and manttfecturing interests, as
a tom on the poor to favouLthe rich landowners, and procure
them high rents, and denalticed the whole system as a means
devised for levying a bread tax.
Mr. lIENETT repelled the inference of the Hon, Memberi
that the COrn Laws upheld the rich ;tt the estpende of the poor:
It was owing to these laws that the public was always assured
of a supply of corn grown at home, when there was a deficient
supply from local causes abroad. It was by the landowners
that the high system of taxation was principally paid; by them
that the interest of the National Debt, the expences of the State,
the maintenance of ottr numerous poor were defrayed for the
greater part, and he thought it came with a very ill grace frorn
any Bon. Member, now that heshould after all these sacrifices
on the part of the Landowners, tell them that they had more
that a fair proportion of the favour arid protection u 1 the Legis.
lature.—(C,heers.)
The petition was read, awl an the Motion of Mr. 4J/41V or.'
detect to he printed.
A new 11 rit was ordered for the Borough.of Horsham, in the
room of Sir John Aubrey, deceased.
BOOTAI AKERS' PETITION.

Sir ROBERT WILSON presented a petition from above
3,000 Boot and Shoe makers in the neighboUrhoOd of I tondtitti
praying for it review of the Corn Laws. He felt convinced df
the truth of the allegations of the petition ; and although some
decried the practice, he was glad to find this and other subjects
connected with the great notations of the trade of the country,
and even the delicate subject of the currency, sifted and am.
mined in that House, because he felt it did more to enlighten
the public. end remove error out of doors, than any other
made of inquiry Whatever. He had assented to the principle
of free trade, because he hail been assured that, us a conic.
quence, the principle would be acted on with reference to the
Corn question itself, and having received such aisurances, he
hoped they would not be forfeited. He moved the petition
should be read.
Mr. CA LCRA FT was not inclined to summrt the prayer of
the petition further than that he disavowed any desire to
maintain a strict monopoly to the English corn grower. This
petition came very ill from a class of men who actually charg,
ed as much for a handsome pair of boots as he as a landowner
would get for a quarter of wheat.—(A laugh, and cries of
.b No no.")—The price of bread however continued high, al.
tl price of corn Was comparatively cheap. This was an
e
stem which required indeed serious atten-
tionfil tit h
tea
eie present
s y
on the part of Ids Alajesty's Government to trace to its
source and correct.
Mr. Alderman WOOD supported the petition. •
Sir M. RIDLEY assured the House, his Honourable and
Gallant Friend was mistaken as to rents being as high as they
were during the war. Many unhandsome opporionities had
been taken in presenting petitions to throw, by a eide.wind,
imputations on the landlords and country Gentlemen of 14ng.
land which they never deserved, and which they were alto.
gather above. Ile believed the petitioners for a low price of
corn would very soon have their wishes realized if the ?roods-
sory Note Bill Mere suffered to pass into a law ; but it' they had
bread cheap they should recollect they must have wages low in
proportion.
Colonel DAVIS supported the petition, and rejoiced to
think that the effect of the Promissory Note Bill would be to
make the landed interest repent the constant support they had
given to his Majesty's Alitusters, in keeping up an enormous
system of public expenditure, both civil and
N. CALVERT believed it would be. always impossible,
in this country, to produce corn atat price so low as it could be
produced in other countries. If the landlords were to attempt
it, they %%old find themselves obliged to break •ttp their pre-
sent fanning system anti large fume, and lease the land out to
a tenantry resembling that of Ireland and Germany, who
consumed nearly tall their own produce. %that would, in such
a case, become of the manufacturers, or where would they get
bread?
Sir E DWA RD KNATCHBULL was of opinion the hind-
lords hail no extraordinary profits, and that the change Sought
for in the Corn Laws would be attended with little or no be.
netit. lie certainly would wish that a constancy and steadi.
netts in the price of that ankle would be obtained, which he
thought might be etrected by the means of a slight amendment
in the present mode of takittg averages and Iheing the 'value of
Corn.
Interest in that !low. lie thought
Ur. THOMAS WILSON had beard with regret the tone'
yielded must,
Juntitteirtellatstitrough it should
seamed
c%dtribpylatiltlietslwinenriel,Witis well as their apprehensions, gronnti-
, less. They ought by this time to be convinced that the prin•
of their
aciponBP4icelinlotitelt'rte:re,°trti.tacdowettly7t;w;oltitcAntititl:e'tlrlital'inulyinY4 West the sect; ri t y
property, which, though it might afford a nominally lower rent
rm, would still lOLA them as much of the good things of this
life as it had done wafer a More favourite system.
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT would not enter into the details
Of the price of boots, or the representation% of the petitioners,
so much as to remonstrate on the to frequent prevalence •of a
lire of argument adopted by many within those walls, Which he
felt was utterly erroneous, and 'fraught with dangerous and do.
p
IttaiVe cOnsequences on the minds of people out of doors. It
was absurd to talk of a state of things where bread shouldche4p, withuut that Cheapnesa roduciu be
Correspintiling re-
; tittettoll in she rate of wager. A particular ar class Of Hun. blen.6
beaten, in presenting petitions from the labouring and mann..
redoing catsses, affected a tone of deep compasaion for the eon.
wltilst., they besought the Legislature to
tlition of these parties.
t lower the price of coin, and yet these very parties exclaimed at

linother time—lower the price of corn, that we may Itmi.er Ltd
price of labour{ and thus compete in ardeles of general niants
facture with the foreigner, who het the'adVantage over the Aft}
tish in the low price of labour. An to sympathy on such a snit.
jeeti he t,eliev,4 all mat would be !nippy to find the worltmed
contented, and each with a fowl in his pot, not only on a sen.
ear, hut every day, if it could be effected by these marina, but
this he doubted. It was idle, end even IllikWhitt4Olts to talk in
way, anticipating almost itnpossilde and he hoped
when the subject should be disrusged at length„ jt would be
met dispassionately, anti coolly and mature, befitting the occe
sion. It would, he thought, always be rental impossible to
hatie opulent, comntercial, atul :manufacturing men, where the
landowners were poor. The constant assailing on the landed
interest was, in his mind, the more indeteneihie, becaune he be-
Hetet' sincerely that, not even excepting AlneriCaysihere was nd
class in any country who practised the social virtues in a mord
eitemplary manner than the Country Gentlemen of Eng,
I)—When the question of free trode had been
propounded lie had supported it, and should support it, not
because it WoUld, in In opinion, injure the landed interest,
or that there would be any thing to, rejoice et, but flout a
conviction they bad ntiihing to dread from its tendency. fie
had to regret, that, As yet, the friends in the Cabinet of this
liberal policy had been able to effect no More than they had
done. Nor could he sympathise with those who supported the
principle only so far as it did not operate on thennielves, and tut'
soon as it did, immediately cried out they were injured. This
had been strongly exemplified in the case or the Trade.—
at misters then bad said we will not consent to a prohibitioni
because It is directly opposed to a prohibition, w. can give you
no higher protection than to 010 extent per cent. Iced
the tentiggler should break in with .t :Ripply and bent down the
fair trader. This, however, was not sufficient. Gentlemen ex.:
claimed, 0 ! you will do a great and extensive mischief if yod
admit the principle of free trade in that particular branch of our
manufactures. This was another fatal error in WA opinion for
that which would not stand die tent of competitiot under such
a protecting duty, ought in justice to national interests, to be
exchanged for some other mdde at' employing properly and
capital beneficially and with greater chance of sort:ens. lie was
an advocate for free trade on the brouiLl principle, and as such
was an advocate for u free trade in corn, anti he hoped that the
Landowners upon examining the subject calmly and without
alarm, would also be amvinced that a (tee trade in corn would
hot be inconsistent with their own interests.

Mr. CA HUS WILSON, if he were convinced that the prin;
ciple of free trade in corn would be embraced without prejudice
to the Lan&ownet, would feel no objection to die repeal of the.
Corn Laws.
Sir ItOLIBUT WILSON denied he had attempted to throe/
any odium or, the Landed Interest in the observations he had
made in presenting the petition. The petition was then read,
and ordered.to be printed.
A Petition was presented frdm the Town of Bandon, in the.
county of Cork, and Portity, in favour of the Abolition of
Slarery, by Mr. Secretary Uartl4ll,lcl.--They were laid on the
table.

A similar Petition was presented front Youghall, in Ireland,
by
gave notice, on the part of an lion.,
Allt.
r. AABnEE
RR incioostisni
11 t I:
Friend of his, that he would to-marrow draW the attention of
the Mule to a practice on the part of the Bank of. klnirlandi
Which he described As being very oppressive to a particular class
of individuals.

A Petition wag presented from a Congregation of Protestant
Dissenters ut Stamford, for the Abolition of slavery.
Mr. CAM:RAPT gave notice of a minion for Friday next for
the better regulation of Marine Purees on shore.
Mr. W. SutTu presented Petitions for the gradual Aboli
tion of Slavery from 'Waltham, and several other places hi
Essex, and from Peckhath, in Surrey. Ile also presented a
Petition, numerously gimlet], from Norwich, in favourof the
Norwich and Lowestoft Canal.
ARMY ESTIMATES.

The House went into d ComMittee of :Supply. On the mo-
th:in being put for a grant of 13,1351. for the Royal Military
College at Sandhurst.
Mr. HUME inquired Wall the youths educated in that Cul
lee were supplied with Connuiltiptue
Lord PM:hinftSlVN,ieptiord,,4344tllsst year 113 Officere
had bean apriinted (rum that Estabifithittent—de by purchase
and 07 without purchase.
Colonel DAVIES remarked that the Estlnitite under this
head was increased since last year. •
Lord PALSIERSTON replied that the Mother of students
was diminished, and particularly the number of that class of
students Which contribtited the must lfirgely towards the ex
pences of the establishment.
Mr. !WAIL thought the institution unnecessary. The)
had Officers enough already,, many of whom wits sifirVint
upon hele.pay. Why, he would ask, pay filtitti. peg
annum for schoolmasters? lie considered it thoughtless
pmfusion.
Lord PAIeAIIiRSTON said that the subject had alreadj
been so often argued, that he felt it moat be irksome to the
House to discuss it at any length. if it was necetisary to turf
an Army at all, it was necessary to have the officers well in.
mended. At the Orem they provided the oppur.
with.), fur young men destined to the Army to acquire the best
possible instruction of every kind calculated to render then
valuable in their profesion. Those who had already proceeds:{
from that seminary had generally distinguished themselves.—
There were, at present, three hundred youths deriving theadvantages f that Institution.
Mr. HUME did not mean to dispute that the cadets wee
well instructed, but lie thought Out those who were desirotis
an office, ought to qualify themselves fur it. lie inquired lior
many days the Governor had been present at the estahlishmen
1 last year?
Sir ALEXANDER HOPP. said, that he felt called upon t
rise by the question just put.. lie had had two months leave
absence on urgent private bushiest. tithing the lest year.. a
attention, however, had not etch for that short period been wits
drawn from the institution. He was vonstantly referred to upo
every occurrence of importance. The llon. Member appetite
to suite that the establishment was placed upon an extrevagar
footing. He would mate that utter an experience of eigl
years of the duties of Governor, he had found them so ire
some, and the responsibility connected with them so heavy, it
volving as theydill, the superintendence of the conduct of
great a number of youths at the most critical period of lif
when they were lust approaching manhood, that he had bcggt
permission to relinquish the situation and the salary &If toitin
per annum which the Hon. Gentleman thought too mgch
return to die enjoyin ent Of only .4091. par annum. Strßdwat
Paget had succeeded him, anti during the absence of that di,
tinguished Officer in Intliti' where 'his services had been ri
coifed, be bad been solicited again to undertake the duties froi
which he had retired. Ho did so{ and had performed the
ditties for the last two years; Sir Etiwahl Paget, was howeve
likely soon to arrive in this conntry, and he could mature ti
Committee that he would return with joy to the privacy lie In
been induced to quit. With respect to the amount of she War
it it were considered, that the Governors had to receive the t
rtiigners who teisited the establishment, and whom of course!
must teeeiVe in a manner suited-to the character of an lineal
Gentleman, and that he must also Maintain liberal intercom
with the society that surrounded him, it could hardly he thoug
that the allowance Was excessive. The Gallant General th
proceeded to state in detail the various branches of educatic
In which the students were instructed, and inferred that,the i
litlillooll was one of great economy, considering the comprehe
eiveness of its objects. The system had been 'maturely eon
tiered not only by the Commlsalonert4 but by the Govern=
lie then detailed the various advantages afforded hythatayan
hi the purchase of their commission*, to those who bait disti
goished themselves in their cotuse of study, and pointed s
the advantage of the atimulous thus applied in necelerating t
Progress of the students. The establishment also educated t
staff officers of time army, it lattl frequently as many as thitte
of these at it time under instruction, and had ratupletoti scv
or eight per annum. The present Quartet-Master. ,dense
whose aeeriees had been So distinguished iii site reoinstau, h
been prepared for the Staff, its •
'; hint entl ere
nE IFt:
tiorbospeer,visiani
il Tittasti
iftittftitnitotrio:co:l6l,yitycd+entry nation en
blis~hut one, In the
ei..i:rttnril
eit heiwrptt:ttviohiirtlai,lalere,al,ll:::::urtit't,t,:it:e
t*ted Mc plan ot this country, , like tit ,
it A lull' ;said
Expo CO of the American (!ol.loge• file on the e
tholes, be wealthier sheik the number too great.
Sir
ju ttpiNtit; believed the expetwo of the Amer!!
coke, WvAt Point to tie greater than that of the eetabli
tent .now Wrote the H. use. Ile had heard of theh.,,,eirehu
at one 'filth! AO valuable horses, for. the Q 16,040,5 of tt

*Merl Anditetanef expence which it had never been ventured be
been 9n
rn-aslew hiay toinet this coman as!,
he to meet
t
it lihe charge a iti. ssfwinch hae
t aga him, thought m air that et
'to laatefore Pprliament amongst the charges of Sandhurst.
Colonel NAVIES appealed to the President's Message as a time like the present, such language should be applied to the
the authority on which he had supposed the expence of the Noble Lord upon what slainonly be yetvae epent—Meat)
American College to he extremely moderate. Mr. HIJAIE sold that t know w e was not to allude
the ges against the Governor ot' the Cape of Good Hope,
Mr. lIUME admitted that it was the duty of Government to
when thechary_ were'called upon to vote this sum of money.
...see that the officers of the army were efficiEnt, but if the prin.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, it was
ciple of making their education a national expence, was a cater
n_ ot to,ffie Hon.. Me_mbuer's opposition to the vote, that his Gal.
ettet one, it would equally apply to every 'other department o
the State. . Oer Arabessettors, for instance, ought certainly to lent Friend objected, at to the unguarded phrase which he
. hevAtie ;vie:image' of ihisenotte of instruction.; they cost the hod suffered himself to use, when he stated that the Governor
of the Cape of Cid /lope was hated by all the world.
',:country about 200,600 t. per annum, end were lamentably
prepared whenever they tad any thing to .10. He ell the Mr. HUME Pas
td he Meant to have said, that Lord Charles
officent of the arrny to he Well educated, but he wield as the. Somerset was hated by all the inhabitants of the Colony. lie
nfitantellot 6f the Ekelieteuer if the 2450001. per mantel contri. wished to know why they should keep up the payment of 5000/.
'belted by time attitien te themselves wits nia euffisient to pey all fi_ r Oarrisons, when. If the Colonie.ii were properly, governed,
tb.cessar-J, eXpences ofehe Inetitution. Why, tie
.eaken.
_twat, they. woyld naythter whole expences themsielyes. Ihe charges
against ,ord Charles Somerset were not as, they had been
tike thennfront the that anti teach them their letters S Ile hat
kept itp, but. let the commonly reported these foar years. (Expressions of disap.
no objectionee the establishment • being
indivithiels -who derived the benefit pay the expo
uce
mot it i probation.)
of poor officers, to A Alnetitrot.—" it was an unmanly attack."
• stead of the 'State, excepting Mr. it 07,11 a; proceeded to ask, in die charges were not true,
isiitele gretuitoos education nottlnejueerrihotrr could. tie made. The
was no riding - why he wes. not come over ? If they were--why- was he not
Hon. and flalbuit (heat said_ that there .
est:thinner-tent, why, every, corps of cavalry had a riding estab- brought to justice ?
Mr. W. HORTON said that a Lieutenant-Governor had
He thought the staff
tiehment enough to Mat the *hole array.
of this establishment excessive, and shottld therefore move that- bsee_wsene hiss that Lord.C. Somerset could not laave the
- . Celony until successor arrived. It any public officer had
the estimate be reduced tg 31:might that the statement of
001. the eon-muted himself by his conduct, the Hon. Member, or any
;iii HUSSEY VIVI a t
flow Member, as to the incompetency of Ambassadors, waelth. Gendethan opposite might think himself responsible to the
if' it could be supposed correct, rather operate against his own people for bringing such officer to account for a —but in Golfs
' egument. It wits true that every cavalry regiment had a rid. name, and in the nanui of justice, let him have a fair trial—
air a tatiddisliment ; hot it mule be recollected that the staff, end (Cheers)—and lee not these attacks, founded upon rumour
th-e field ttflicets of infantry, also required to learn to ride. As alone, be reiterated in this manner, when preparations were ac-
he wee on his legs, he would Putte to the !louse the information welly being made for investigating the eme.—(Hear, heart )
he had received relating to an occurrence in the 1001 Light The Ilan. Member chose to say that the Colonies would be very
Dragoons, which recently took place at Exeter, and to which an glad to pay their own expehces. He begged to saythey wool..
Mon. Baronet, whoa, he regretted not to see in his place,had on be very idled to do no. such thing.—(A laugh.)—lf the lion.
a former eveningicalleddlie.ateention of the House. He lament- Member thought the Canadas ought not to be kept ut the ex.
ed that subjects of military complaint -*tmid be frequently pence they cost, let him bring the subject before the House, and
brought forward in that House; the tendency of debates on slat take the opportunity affindeti by a resolution on an estimate
such itubjects was exceedingly mischievous. He imputed no for entering into such a question.
bed intention to the lion. Baronet, who had certainly expressed Colonel -DAVIES expressed his wish that his lion. Friend
would take the hint given by the lion. Secretary, and bring
Ids persuasion that the facts would turn out to have been greedy
. exagieerated. He had at the time expressed the same opinion, the whole subject of our (Ames forward. • lie would ,not sit
And had great satisfaction in now stating that his opinion had still and see his Hon. Friend run dawn.—(Laughter.)
been ffilly confirmed. He bad received a statement from the Mr. S. RICE eulogized the character of the Lieutenant.
Commanding Officer of the Regiment, which, although it was Governor sent out to the Cape.
too long to read, he could say fully bore out the opinion he Mr. HUME maid, that the eulogy of his Hon. Friend had
'had expressed. The man had conducted himself in a most nothing to do with the question. He might as well have eulo.
improper manner, anti to avoid the necessary of corporal pu. gized Sir Peregrine Pickle.—( le ud latigliter.)-11e wished
nithment, lie had been imprisoned for two days in the Barack. to know why there are to he garit4ons to be paid for at die
yard. lie had the satisfaction also to say that lie hoed received Cape of Good Hoppe, when there were none at 'Jamaica. He
letters from the Mayor and two Magistrates of Exeter, stating moved, that the Vote be reduced tom:. being the sum for
their utter aisbelief of the account given by a newspaper pub- (liaisons at Gibraltar, the Cape of Good Hope, anti the •Ca-
lished in diet city, and bearing the highest testimony to thege. nadas.
nerat good conductor the regiment. He had had thebonour of Mr..W. HORTON said that at the Cape of flood Hope the
eommending that distinguished corps fir a considerable period, taxes were imposed by the Government, and the proposition of
and he felt anxious to vindicate it from the unfounded prejudices the lion. Member would he, that the Colonists should be fur.
.Ind the unjust aspersions to which it had been exposed. Theta ther taxed to this amount, avid which lie ,(Mr. Hortoo) con-
. certainly existed in die regiment a strong esprit de corps, which tended they should not bear.
had been manifested on one occasion in a manner rather unfor. •Lord PALM E ItSTON said that if the Honourable Member
tunete. But the opinion which generally 'prevailed that the objected to this vote because the Colonies ought to pay for their
Officers of the (oth were devoted to any thing rather than to garrisons, the principle would lead hint to the same objection
their military duties,was entirely unthunded. The officers were with respect to other military forces.
generally young men of the most distinguished families of the Mr. HUME Raid, that in many of the West India Islands,
•. country ; yet, anti he mentioned it as a circumstance highly garrison expences were paid, and not the other military
• honourente to them as military men, that they were all anxious charges.
to obtain the office of Adjutant, the duties of which every min. Sir It. WILSON was of opinion that the Cape of Good
tary man knew to be most laborious. The present Adjutant Hope had the means of paying all its expences. Under the
was a (ientlenian connectedswith one ofelie highest families of Dutch Governor a large military chest had been collected
the kingdom. during a dine of. difficulty. With regard to the present Go.
Mr. 310NCK urged the propriety-of Officer* paying the ex. Verner it was understood that lie was on his way to answer the
peaces of their own education. Now that the currency was charges againsthim, and he thought it but fair that his Hon.
about to be improved, anda general expectation prevailed that Friend should in justice abstain from such remarks as lie had
they were goingeobavelow prices, he thought it highly hum. matle.—(Cheers.)
tent to attend to considerations of economy. The Committee divided—
tlenend (lASCOYNE observed on the inconsistency of the ' For the Amendment • - - - 21
lion. Member, fer 'A bertleen. lie thought that when that Hon. For. the original Resolution - . - 106 I
Member admitted the propriety of Officers sons being educated Majority - - - —O5
.at a very small expence, he had completely answered hitneelf. For time charge of full pay for reduced, retired,
Sir JOSE Pll YORKE thought the controtil of Government and unattached Officers of his Majesty's Forces £123,500 00 •
over the establishment, fully worth all the expence. In many For the charge Mb:dr-pay toredneed and retired I
other public iteminitries the youths learned nothing, or less than Officers of his slejtety's Land Forces . 724,100 0 0
nothing. Their chief study might be supposed to have been For military allowances under ti same head - 46,430 2 0
extrevitganee• and swindling. These Resolutions were agreed to without observation.
Mr. HUME gone Retesd with the Gallant Admiral respect- For the charge of half-pay and reduced allowances
ing the nubile eetineatita to which helm(' alluded. Ile wished to Officers of disbanded foreign corps, of pensions
he hail spoken more pleinly. Did he mean Eton or Hetrow, to wounded foreign Officen, anti of allowances to
.or both ' (.1 slightemitroutr..) He believed the o.lm:talon at the widows and children of deceased foreign
Sandhurst lobe better; but his objection was, to their paying Ofifcers £lO7,
to
296
.
for the children of other,people. IA-laugh.) It was too hard AD id USI E asked whether these Officers were allowed.
to be taxed to pay int the education of the children of rich men. sell their half-pl.
He particularly objected to the extravagant- scale of' military Lord PALMERSTON said the were permitted to sell, as in
superintendence. Ile should certainly, therefore, take the sense the case of our own corps, with this difference, thud they had
of the Committee. not so large an allowahce.
Lord PA LNIERSTON was convinced that no other serni. ' Mr. HUME said, that such a system enabled diem to sell
nary could so perfect an education be imparted at so small an to young officers, and so to perpetuate the Half. pay list.
expence, taking the total expence of this establishment. The Lord -PALMERSTON assured die lion. Member that it
youths were instructed) in the languages, history, geography, was by no means perpetuating the half pay list, for that those
astronomy, military drawing, and a great variety of other tic. who bought were not a bit more immortal than those who sold.
quitements. The institution conferring these important ad- Foreign Officers were not allowed to sell after they were above
vantage's could not be c rendered an expensive piece of mach!. a certain age, and unless they produced a certificate spewing;
very. The Hon' alember thotenit they ought to pay each his that they laboured underno disease or casualty likely to shorten
full abate of the ciperice, but it. wag to be recollected, that there the Period of life. One good effect of this Plan was, that it
*rote a greet many officer* who were not rich, who were in fact converted it half-pay list of foreignere, who could not be called
soldiers of fortune. StVould the Hon. Alember with the NOM{ UPOII to serve without an Act of Parliament, into one which was
available for service whenever Officers :night be wanted.
6 such Officers to
f'lie deprived of the opportunity thus afforded The
them, to become qualified for the higher branches of the pro. arrangement, as it worked, would be of general advantage to
• tauten ? Ream:tam mild tiotelie thought, be desirable, in this the Arnmy.
which he considered the most important of all our military Mr. HUME contended that it went to extend the annuities
rstablishmants......4 nut, bur neette would say, let.their army payable by the country, and that it was an unconstitutional in.
be a large or a small one, in either mite it was necessary to edu. crease of the patronage of the Crown. Ile understood that
gate their officers well. Every other military service in the these officers were put on half pay without having served at all.
world had an; institution of this nature appended to it, and our He was surerised to find that his Hon.- Friends around him did
own military tervice in India possessed it similar advantage. not support his attempts, as if they considered the subject not
Tne utility of ft was indeed generally admitted. worth attention.
Mr. W.M. SMITH thought the advantages of the system of ' Lord PALMERSTON said, that no Foreign Officers had
grest value, but that was no reason why they might not be been put an half-pay without having been in service.
bud cheaper. The Resolution was then agreed to. •
Mr. 001,11,111.111 N spoke of tare advantattes of Government For the charge on account of the In-Pensioners of
superinteldeneit, rind contended that the expences were well Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital
bestowed in order to secure it. &mar Kilmanihain - - - - £40.271
Mr. HUME compered the establishment at Sandburst with Mr. 111:1;11.1 naked whether there was any intention of dia.
that at WOObvicili and repeated sonic of his former arguments mantling Kilmeintitan Hospital. He would sabmit that the
upon thtt untietteitiotry exiamtes in the former. pensioners could be removed to Chelsea; and as every thing
Sir 11. ll A11.1)11'4(1 L wan happy to hear the Hon. Member else had been consolidated, he.would ask the Paymaster of the
say e word in fevour 4,1' the Etateleitment la Woolwich. Ile Forces whether they could not be paid at Chelsea, and the ex.
believed it was for the tine time. Thole was a regular Military pence of the other establishment be thereby saved.
'Establishment at Woolwich, and it was therefore unnecessary to Sir C. LONG said, that ondoubtedly if they extended the
appoint a General Officer expressly to superintend the Cadets. building so as 10 accommodate 000 men instead of SOO, as now.
. The House then ,divided, when there appeared to be— the two establishments could be consolidated. nut he doubted
For the original Resolution - - 07 whether it would enact any h.iving. • •
For the Amendment - - - . 22 Mr. HUME maintairisd that the charge would be advan.
Majority . —65 tageous, anti haft expected to see it effected before that dine.
When, we were re.atimitted to the gallery, We. found— Sir O. Mft URA Y thought that Irish soldiers who had
Mr. HUME Commenting on the abuses and sinecures; con. fought and bled in the service ought to have a retreat in their
,netted with the garrisons in England anti Scotland. From the own country.--(dear
rush of strangers, we did not collect the whole of his observe- After a few words nom Mr. littein, the Resolution WO
:ion. Ile would be glad to know why Fort Augustus and Fort eluded.
William were kept up, anti why the estimates were higher now FOr the Charge of Out PenAionerti of Chelsea •
than ten years ago. , Hospital - - .. . . £1,285,560
Lord PALM EASTON Said that the garrisons were the only Mr. HUSIE said, that this charge had increased in a most
meane winch the Crown possessed of rewarding the services of' extraordinary degree. At the commencement of the peace it
. old and meritorious officers, and they had been repeatedly re. was 720,000/..—in 11121, it was 950,0091.—in 11122, 090,000/.
copized and adproven by Ci nninittees of that House. Fort hand, 1,22,1,0001.—in 1324, 1-410,0061.—in 1025, 1,240,0001.
William entna me Augustus had not been abolished, because this year it was inci eased to 1,235,0001. If they conti.
the buildings must necessarily be kept up, and if ;Abolished the rated going on at this rate, in ten more years of peace they
. payment to the officeett must he continued fur life. The gram- *lmola. have 2 millions of half.pay to provide In pensions to
common soldiers. lie wished to know the reason of this in-
son tie:petit-melons were formerly paid front the grants tit other
common
The Main question, however, wits whether the muse-
Crown should be deprived of the power of rewarding militarybord PA LMERS'PON said, all that could te sald was, that
services in ileut wity ; and he trustee the House would recollect the country had provided a reward ,for men who had gone
that the balf-peY and. retired 410teenekit of officers were very through a certain period of service, or been disabled in its de-
slender, ' fence, and that such upon now claimed the support to which
,
Mr. if VAIL?, asked if the appointmenta were always given to they were entitled by law. All they had 'to do was to attend
meritorious °Meer*. lie inquired who WWI the Governor of those who nresented tholes:Nee, and to award what the comm.
Hull and what duties were dooe there at an eapenca at' Wm. try had (leaded they ',lnsult! receive. The numbers of these
par annum. His Hon. Friend the Member for Hull did not Pensioners had int:re:teed since the peace, and that was tbe
know of any Juno to he performed there by a Governor. cause of the increaxe of expence. In Iln2l, the number was
Sir A. HOPE said that there were 600 General Officers now 09,000 t in 1022, 01,000.; in 1023, 01.000 ; in, 1021, 1.11,000
upon the Retired Lien . The number of appointments at the and eonitt'odd hundreds; in 11125, 01,1100 ; and in this year,
disposal of time Crown for their benefit was 44—the same as it 02,734. After a war like that which had passed, for some time
was )00 years ago, with the eltCaptl,oll of dma appeintments con. a number of casualties must occur, greater than the diminution
netted with time Military College. The Governor of Hull was CAUSrd by death, Ile was certain there was no source of enc.
General Hilt, V 440 WAS 04)1)011110d for hi* services by the Duke norny from which the House would find so little pleasure, as
of Wellington, and not by favour. from that which' grudged time pittance bestowed upon those
Lord .1. RUSSELL , said diet the holding of suclt ofnces poor men.
".being considered i point of honour is well as duty, he thought Mr. HUME said there must be something wrong -when this
the coutary lout nothing by givingebis reward to distinguished increase took place at a paled so removed trom the expiration
service.-_( Hear, hear i)—lie did not .understand the explana« of the war. By a calculation of his, he found that If the whole
.:ion respecting the two forte in Scotland, which were recoun. army had been disbanded in a day at the commencement of
mended not cu be kept up, by the Finance, Connuittee. the peace, and all the officers in the service placed upon half-
Sir H. HA RDINGE ;mid that ono of the forte was Ilexes. pay, the, list would not have been greater than it now was.
silty to protect the locks of the Caledonien canal, and the Sir C. I,ONti said, that in the year 11122 the out-pensioners
. other was raquired es a berrack. Ile believed also that there acKibilaitilialn were matte overto the Chelsea Department, and
instaetees which did not come under the mitten. that ac.ci,?iiinittell,d
wtal'ornaotca°ll:l4eidtotlabie
were some circuaccountincreasee
Stead, e x p 611 g
rc ea it
Clint
firm of the Finance Committee, and which rendered
a the rento. drily.
,ea) Qt. Lhelle taro, incompatible with some article of le Union, ereeee in tle number of applicants, and, like the on. Member,
. id r, Hilkih; ;;aitl, that unffirtunately these forts were built ha thought there meet be something' wrong. He accordingly
long aft'"? the Mien took place. He protested artinst the Sant Sant into db., 'country to nee whether frauds were not England
-of 6,9001. being p.tid garrison', garriss in Gibraltar, if, Canada, epee them, lie had been satisfied, however, that in England
and toe calm of klood Volpe, A t the Cape of Good Hope there had been none. In Ireland they were making the Sante
,this expeuee. egniitt.,b, borne easily by the colonists, and they inquiry, and they were not et) satisfied'at to its reetdt. With
+would readily pity it ;if they bad not a Governor who was de-, respFet to the pensions thernselvtm, lie thought the pension for
tested by ail the world, and-hated by every ono to the colony. service had been carried tee tar by the_ nieasure of 1006,,which
Si( A. HOPE, rose to eel, that Mr. Wyndham and those who supported it: But
he thought the language being a party measure wale carrisd beyond what was ~,,,,,,-,
used by the flan. Member extremely unbe,coming, He knew I plated by
teething of Lord Chstlea Somerset, but he understood hint to I the petitions for wounds lie thought were not at all too great.

The system was now altered, and none wero entitled to a pen-1
sion but those who had served twenty years. Still they were
bound to keep faith with those soldiers who had enlisted under
the condition of being pensioned after fourteen years' service.
Accordingly many now who were not more than thirty years of
age, demanded a pension as their right, and could not be
refused. The law indeed might be cemplatned of; but it left
no choice. lie could only say that they had now reached the
acme of those expences, wh►ch would henceforward be progres-
sively decreasing.
Sir A. HOPE explained the encrease in the half-pay list
to have arisen from the number of Officers, who wsre reduced
from full pay accordingly, as they returned home since the
close of the war. Eighteen or nineteen hundred Officers were
reduced in 1816 ; 1000 in 1810; about 300 in 1819; and nearly
1000 in 1821. . _

Mr. HUME made an objection as -to the reduction. from
806.2000/. to 701,0001. in the half-pay which tee could not un-
derstand.
led PALMERSTON said, that in 1821 the expence had
been 8311,000/.; in 1822 it had been 870,0001., which was lessen-
ed to 770,0001., leaving a diminution of 100,0001. The Selection
of officers for promotion, be said, was determined by their su-
periority. All the senior and second senior liiemenants promoted
(with a single exception) were or. 17. years standing. Twenty-
two Captains .were promoted to the rank of -Major who were
Of 25 or 26 years standing. Sixteen Majors were promoted of
23 years standing. In no instance were juniors promoted over
their seniors, without purchase, unless the seniors were un-
willing to serve.
Sir E. KNATCHBULL observed upon the impropriety of
granting pensions to men not more than thirty years of age,
and spoke of the necessity which might ultimately arise for
the House to exercise a constitutional authority on the sub-
ject, which, however, we did not press for the present.
Sir CHARLES LONG said, that the law left them no
choice as to how they should act towards those who claimed
pensions on the score of service. • But Mr. Wyndham's Act
of 1822, cured the evil for the future, - allowing an claim for
less than twenty years service. 'nose who had enlisted pre.
viously to that Ael could demand :s pension for fourteen years
service, commencing not before the eighteenth year of their
age ; and two years in the West *lndies counted for three.
General GA SCOYNE thought Mr. Wyndham's Bill rather
injurious, us many were complaining that ,the liberty of the
subject was thereby infringed tmon. Still there would ne-
cessarily be an increase for ten years to tome—and he would
warn the lion. Member for Aberdeen of the fact, because
those who had been enlisted for fourteen years would persist
in demanding their right ; and the number of persons inva-
lided in the NVest Indies would_be an additional cause.

to load the estimates with the additional charge to which the
Hon. Member pointed. • • :
Mr. BERNA L expressed his surprise, that, though the
financial difficulties of the country-' were admitted in the speech
of the Hon. Member for Durham, yet there was no hesitation
in calling upon the House to grant the army estimates. In
fact, he perceived that no one branch of national expenditure
was decreased. The ordnance, the navy and army estimates
were put before them to a large amount. Night' after night
they were voting away immense sums, though the Chancellor
of the Exchequer had not yet informed them from what source
the_ funds were to be suppliee.. It was possible that the Cus-
toms Revenue might fail, and how dreadful the consequence
in such an event. The sums voted for the Army rendered an
increase of artilhry necessary, and of course a proportionate
increase of expence. More was required 1. r the Navy. Now
this was all very good ; but how were the means to be ob-
tained ? To the Chancellor of the Exchequer he gave all
credit to purity of principle, but he ought to shew the House
where he could lay his hands for a supply, so as to indem-
nify the country and the House. The Customs revenue was
sensibly decreasing, and there might be a material defalcation
at the end of the present year.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, various
circumstances had occurred dining the Session, which pre-
cluded him from giving effect to his intention; but on this
day se'nnight, he most certainly would state the view his Ma-
jesty's Government took of the Flounces • and he should be
able to shew, notwithstanding all the emarrassments and de-
falcation arising from the commerce of the country, that the
Revenue was adequate to maintain the expences it was pro.
posed to Parliament to grant.
Mr. HUME expressed regret that there was no hope of re-
duction in the Estimates. He had expected from the consolida-
tion of offices., that there was to be a reduced expenditure, in-
stead of which, they fauna an increase in every item. lie was
much .obliged to the Right Honourable Gentleman for his
explanation, but it was clear to him that they were going on to
increase the Estimates in a way that would lead to the.ruin of
the country. The Honourable Member added, that be should be
glad to know why it was necessary to keep up 35 companies of
Artillery, when ten companies would answer all the purposes.
He regretted to say there was a spirit of extravagance in the
department of his Al ajesty'a Ministers. He thought 2,000 Ar-
tillery anti 15,1100 Infantry quite sufficient far a peace establish-
ment. The whole artillery service in 1792 did not exceed 4,500.
The salaties of officers in that year also underwent a reduction.
He wished to know whether.the Ordnance Department was of
more importance titan the Navy. Why should a Surveyor.
General of the Ordnance receive more salary than a Lord ot' the
Admiralty ? The salary of the Treasurer of the Ordnance had
been increased to 1,500/., which he considered a most extrava-
gant allowance. The Secretary to the Board of Ordnance last
year had 1,1001., and this year the salary was increase to 1,4001.
Thus they went on increasing salaries, and no one could tell
where they would stop. Ile had long opposed high salaries, but
the House had been against him. He persevered in his opposi-
tion, because he knew that repeated drops of water would per-
forate the hardest substance, and his hope was, that constant
efforts might at last produce the desired effect..
Sir H. HA It DING E said if the Hon. Member had looked to
the estimates of 1920, he would have found a reduction this
year of 193,000/. With respect to the increase of the salary of
the Treasurer of the Ordnance, the office of General Treasurer
of the Ordnance in Ireland had been abolished, and a new ar.

The Resolution was then put and carried.
Fur the AlloWances on the CoMpassiOnate List—those
of his Majesty's Royal Bounty—and the Pensions
to Officers for IVounds . £190,798
Mr.. HUM B objected, that there was a progressive increase in
the amount of this item since the year 18113.
Lord PALM ERSTON regretted that an increase of claimants
rendered it necessary, but he could assure the House that no
claim was allowed without a proper title.
The Resolution was then put and carried.
For Three :Royal Veteran Battalions, and Two
Veteran Companies to be disbanded . £23,883 0 0
- Mr. lIUME inquired whether there existed a power to com-
pel the service of the Veterans in case of emergency.
Lord PA 1451 BRSTON answered in the affirmative.

he Question was then put and carried.
Mr. GURNEY stated a case of some hardship upon the
son of an Officer, who had served fur fifty years. The lion.
Member was so inaudible, that it was impossible to collect the
details of his statement.
Lord PALM ERSTON she Wed that the treatment which the
Gentleman in question had experienced implied no imputation
whatsoever upon his character.
Mr. UlkIE said that Lord Palmerston had Ten Accounts
remaining since last year. They were likely to tease the public.
In 1809 it was said that three years would be sufficient to settle
the entire. He wished to know whether this year would be suf.
{idea for the purpose.
Lord PA LM ERSTON hoped that it would be sufficient for
the great mass of account'. Some extraordinary ones might, per,
haps, remain.
Mr. HUME complained of the expellee created by the raising
wnd disbanding of corps. Veterans did not serve more than
three months, when they retired on full pay tier life. Would
this be the case, he asked, with . the corps whose expenco had
just been stated ?
Lord PA I.SIERSTON said that the officers who were raised
from half.pny would 'mac upon half.pay.
The House then resumed, and the Report was ordered to be
r:ceivetl to-ntiorrow (this day).
ORDNANCE ESTI3IA TEN.
The House went into a Committee on the Ordnance Esti-
inatee.
Sir 11. lIARDINGE said, that from the consolidation of de-
partments to this advantage followed, that expender, which be-
fore were scattered, were now brought within the compass of
one estimate, and could be seen at a single view. In this Ord-
nance Estimate the naval vote was introduced, though it had
been the practiee'of the lout hundred years to include it in the
Navy Estimates. The alteration was thought proper because
the Ordnance Department was chargeable with the expence ;
and this transpositional amount of 911,1:0. occasioned an excess
in the expenditure of the present over that of the past year,
though really lose than any of the preceding thirty years, with
the exception of the last. There was no augmentation in the
number of Officers ; but in the Colonial service it was indis,
pensable that there should be an increase 70 men for each
company, In MI, there hail been a Driver Corps, consisting
of 4(10 men, but now gunners and drivers were Incorporated
with other corps, and no longer the subject ofa distinct expence.
,The increase of Artillery this year was confined to 350 men ;
and these were added not from any anticipation of hostilities....
for the number would be quite inadequate to such a design—
but because the artillery were altogether disproportionate in
numbers to the other troops, and unable without the Augmenta-
tion to take care of the materiel of ammunition and other stores.
The experiment was tried, but it was found impossible to pro-
ceed without the proposed addition, else of all other periods the
present would be the last in which the increase would be called
for. There were 20 companies on Colonial service,, and five
were sent annually to relieve them, yet this number
was found to be too small, and this year there were elOO
which rendered a larger relief the more necessary. it might be
raid. Indeed. that if the augmentation could be dispensed with
for the last four years, it ought not now to be required. To this
objection his answer was, that at the close of the war the corn.
.panies.sent out to relieve consisted of experienced men, well
seasoned to the climate, and practicully acquainted with mili-
tary duty. Such troops were fully effective, but now that they
had to fill up their ranks with recruits, instead of veterans,
t`fe case was very different, and though he named but seventy
men tOr each company, eighty would a desirable encrease, and
would certainly be necessary next year. During the war the
number. of artillerymen were to soldiers of the line as I to 9;
but now they were as 1 to 15. At the close of the war four
artillery-men out of five were discharge; so that all
proportion was lost between the number in both branches
of the service. The increase presented a case of absolute
avessity, and was not brought before the Heim until the
lowest amount had been ascertained. The Cadet Establish.
orient at Woolwich was much relieved in consequence of his
Royal Highness the Duke of ark having bestowed 46
Commissions fur the benefit of the extraordinary estimates.
The expenditure- in, Irelanel amounted to Kinn, as well
because of the Irish Survey, as because the amount was paid
8
in British money on the assimilation at' the currency in both
countries. Ile was happy to be able to inform the House, that'
the Irish Survey was in a state of great progress. Soldiers
were employed as sappers and miners so as to diminish the ex.
pence of the work very considerably. The survey was unties.
taken at the instance of many Irish country. Gentlemen and a
map was constructed on a very extensive scale, allowingallowing4 p
• of six Inches to repreeent each aide. The English Barrack
Bstinutte was 2firom. ; that for Ireland, 135,706/. The latter
was less than in the preceding years ; the former exceeded by
30,35111., because of 25,000/. expence incurred by coverting the
' Kinte'e Mews into a barrack for 869 men. In the charge for
Englund. there was a real diminution of 170,0001.t0 42,0001., and
in that for Ireland, the stun ofBo,oool. was reduced to 36,0001.
AlilitaryCommissitmers had been sent for the purpose of examin.
ing the structure of Colonial Barracks and Hospitals. who had
decided upon what they deemed useless in the materials ern.
played, and the improvements which might be conveniently
adopted in order to durability, cconornY, health, and other
t improvement& In point of general expenee it was found that
considernble *eying might be made, and in some of the build.
logs the materials were found to be of a bad description. Goo,
aequeutly repairs *mild now be necessary; but when once
charge of
was necessary, while a
made, they would canal testily diminish future expenc.e.
27,0001. appeared for the erection ofa barrack in
proper
theirstT)pleler Irt.eoe
resolution
rot:dal:
tri douseoving burit ileenttirtev woulduwltia:vfe s
o r judgebo thatsoldiers,
ers swu it to ac
ocsltt az;
there,
9 la sit salariesas liouirterit
. %ferment no less than 1001. each. kre:a4
e
Master. General and Officers of Ordnanee
Sit' J. YORKE professing himself an economist [rewind.
ple, yet regretted that no vote had been introduced into the
estimates for the expenses of a clock-yard called Pell.. Another
i had been established which was of no use, mid lie could not
see any realm' why money should not be granted for one which
was of great iintiortance.
Sir ii. /I A RDINGE said, that elle Colonial eXpencee were
so great, and at the same time so touch required, that he
thought it would be asking too much of Parliament if he wore

rangement made. The increase of salary to the Treasurer in
England was a saving to the country of 3001. a-year.
Sir JOSEPH YORK had always opposed the reduction of
officers' salaries. When the great Minister, called " the Pilot
who weathered the Storm," consented to reduce the salaries of
officers in the year 1722, he never made a greater yaw. The
Gallant Officer would rather cut away the dead weight, than
consent to lose a shilling from the pay of officers In the army or
navy. His Majesty's -Ministers ought to stand by their active
agents, and pot cut away salaries as they did in 1792.
Sir R. FERGUSON said, it was painful to differ from the
lion. Member for Aberdeen, but he thought the artillery should
be the last corps reduced. It was in his opinion the best arm of
the service.
Mr. HOBHOUSE was much concerned to find a battalion of
Guards was to be stationed at Charing-cross. lie had thought his
Majesty's Ministers would have considered it unconstitutional
to suffer that which he considered a nuisance and an eye-sore
in the very heart of the city of Westminster. He thought the
Vetrtivitts of the present day, Sir Charles Long, would not
have consented to let the building in the King's Mews become
a barrack for soldiers. It was unconstitutional, and an in-
fringement of the rights of the subject to place troops so near
the Palace, the Legislature, and Courts of Law. He did nut
mean to say 400 or 500 men would overawe the citizens of
Westminster,but as we had barracks atKnightsinidge and Hyde
Park, he could not see how Government claimed a right to
occupy the King's Mews with battalions of soldiers. Such was
the feeling, of his conitituents on the subject, that they .deputed
him to wait on his Royal Highness the Commander-m-Chief.
He was received with that politeness which his Royal High-
ness always evinced. He was told it was determined that a
military force should be there, and he came away. Would
the Noble Lord say there was any necessity for having soldiers
there ? Did the l'olice require it ? Was there any thing to
require a military force in the middle of the citizens ? had
nothing to say against soldiers,' but he couldof noto havecnoantisoenntoutoght
them stationed in the middle of peaceable citizens, lie thought
they ought to be removed. and before the close of the Session
lie intended to move, on the part of his constituents, that those
Barracks should not remain in the heart of the metropolis,
to
overawing, those with whom the Councils
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, the objection of the Hon. Mem-
her was to the appropriation of the building called the Mews.
That building, it was said, had been made barracks for soldiers,
contrary to the Constitution. It was also said to be bad taste in
the admirers of architecture, to appropriate a building, intended
for lames, to human beings. The Right lion. Secretary could
not consider it any abuse of taste ; he could not see how it was
unconstitutional to place troops in barracks instead of quarters.
In the dine of Charles the First there was a protest against put-
ting soldiers in quarters. In the same reign an Act of Parini-
went confirmed that regulation. With respect to the practice
of keeping soldiers in barracks, he could assure the Honour-
able Gentleman, that from 1744 to 76, and up to 1789, troops
had bben kept in the Old Savoy Prison. M. the same'time
buildings were erecting at Somerset House for the same pur-
pose. As to the convenience of the troops, it would be seen
that they were better offin barracks than in public-housis. It
was also extreme hardship to quarter all the soldiers with die
publicans. A soldier belonging to the Coldstream Guards was
at that very time quartered at Chalk Farm. The man was
obliged to go from that spot to be on the parade on the Bird-
cage-walk. Such was the inconvenience arising from quartering.
men in ptiblic-houses.
Colonel DAVIES said nothing could be worse than having
soldiers quartered in ptiblie.houses.
Colonel JOHNSON said, that soldiers were better kept in
barracks than In porters ; but his Hon. Friend's objection was
to placing troops in the heart of Westminster.
111 L HOB H OUSE, in explanation, said, he did not wish the
soldier to be separated froth the citizen.
Colonel TOWNSEND considered the discipline and morals
of soldiers much reduced when they were quartered in public
houses.
° The resoiution was then agreed to.
Several other estimates having been voted, the House re.
sowed. The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of,
and the adjournment took place at ONE O'CLOCK.
