GILL.

•

s

one from
and a❑ e 0
7n and bul
ig carted!
Jack-carrot
y the W$
ie cultivat

LONDON,
FRIDAY EVENING, APRIL 9, 1830.

idity.
en some yi
ntion on
but no el
Ige across
e other v

, which
some respi
lan to be I
mizeg, fur
noe by
a coldunet,

n a great'
from Gith'
lon that tb'
ailed inch,'
aps not
iubliu moo
env marl°
eireulat,
agrieultf
and altlio
ie aggrei!,*
.en in the
twig° of
lusive of
us must li;f
!nt have
tile the PI,
e of tOO

e mercs°`
useq uetscel,
proving S ,
rrib 11.00'
sider will
'o such $
and 1 hil`
ivement•
e Parliso;
vidently r,
must be
d repair,
me likely

ervaut,
NI MiSIU'

lit at C 1
roman a

correct

in, either,
despees,tli

combill

ring L 1

tually J(Jel,
be Supls'll")
length t.
ortunate,,iot
fish/0 I
«d ay 01
iouera for
LVf
they
me of $,
e rernaiPtt 1i
ad Avid' it
almost
3 broug°(l
and urice
•
Maport9T
Law 0.1,1,,

- been elt'
,years (11'
.tars, froP
lig the 1113`„.
wholly, iy
9 : of tfrr

,sed to
•1 at 1301
)were
•in clei4At
Inn hit,
3es of 'I
-The 1.0",'

~n~ ••inn y

1, and tj,./
robabilio

PRICES or IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, APRIL 6,
Bank Stock 2lO St. Patrick Insur. (per sh.)
Consols, 3 per cent.
. Gov. Stock, 3% per cent. 99% National Ditto —
Ditto, New —!Patriotic Ditto
Goer Cent. lOO% Hibernian Bank VT;
.., . Deb. 3% percent.... cent.... 91% Provincial Ditto —
Royal Canal Stock — Royal Irish Mine —
Grand Canal Stock — ' Imperial Mine —
City Deb. 4 per cent
Ballast Office Deb. 4p. c. Commercial Buildings .....

HIG/i WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-AIORROW.
Morning ... 23 minutes after 3. 1 Evening... 37 minutes after 3.

THE INTELLIGENCE is the largest
52 Column Sunday Paper published at Seven-
pence, and the only Sunday Paper possessing official and
authentic sources of information. A great portion is de-
voted to Literature,'Scienco, Domestic Economy, Fashion,
and the higher order of Sporting. No. IV. will appear
•on Sunday Morning next.
An Edition containing more valuable Market information
than any other paper, is printed on Saturday afternoon fur
transmission by post.
The Sunday Editio❑ will contain all Foreign and Do-
mestic news up to Four o'clock in the morning, and very
full Reports of Saturday's Law Courts, Police, &c.

Office, No. 11, Crane-court, Fleet-street.
No. 111. contained the " only" Official Account of the
King's Health and the Quarter's Revenue.

( V 4010,-%, • ---
At
* 41-4

The following are extracts from the Paris
Papers of Tuesday and Wednesday :
(From the Gazette de _France.)
LIES OF THE DAY.

Le Globe._lt appears that the dissolution, which is
the natural consequence of a long prorogation, is not yet
decided upon. The orators of the right aide declare
openly against a new election. M. de Villele does not ad-
vise it in the present state of things, and asserts that an
arrangement must be made at any price with the majority.
The journal du Havre say—" We know positively
that great quantities of oats are shipping at Liverpool
for Marseilles, for the African expedition. But will
not M. de Polignac accuse his friends of ingratitude
when he shall hear that his English contractors supply the
Dey of Algiers with ammunition, stores, and provisions ?
Yet this is a fact proved by private letters received this
morning from London."
Letters from Toulon, of the Slat ult„ announce the
arrival of the King's brig Le Cygne from her station off
Algiers. She reports that great preparations are making
for the defence of their coast by the Algerines. A levy
of several thousands of Arabs has been made, and the
troops are daily exercised in platoon firing. The whole of
their movements are seen from the ships, which, to pre-
serve the blockade as strictly as possible, never lose sigit
of the land.
The following is extracted from the Aeiso dc Toulon :
—"lf we may give credit to certain well-informed per-
sons, the expedition, entitled the African, and not merely
the Algerine, has for its object to obtain for France the
Possession of Tunis and Tripoli, as well as Algiers. If
this be true, the disembarkation will be effected simul-
taneously at various points of the territories of these
regencies, and, among others, Bona and Bougie have
been named. Some are of opinion that it is the in-
tention of France to cede the whole to the Pacha
of Egypt, who would thus beconie one of the Great
Powers, anti be able, by joining with Turkey, to oppose
effectually the aggrandizement of Russia. Others, on the
contrary, conceive that France seeks to establish herself en
the coast of Africa, in order to be able, in case of need, to
prevent the emancipation of Egypt, of which the Emperor
Nicholas would take advantage to destroy the balance of
power iu Europe, and thus be enabled to execute his plans
of invasion with greater facility. There are a few who
imagine that the operations of the expedition will be limited
to the capture of Algiers. It is by such conjectures, none
of which may be well founded, that every body endeavours
to account for the immense preparations both in ships and
troops, in stores, provisions, and ammunition, now making
for a warlike expedition."
Letters from Corfu, of the 26th of February, state that
the advices from Greece announce the arrival at Syra of
several vessels from Odessa, laden with corn. The winds
in the Archipelago- have been extremely violent, and caused
the loss of about 150 ships: Commerce has become much
more active: the price of oils has got up, but that of grain
is lower. The Parliamentary Session of the lonian Islands
was to open on the Ist of March.
We extract the following front a private letter of the
Ist inst. front Frankfort :—" Rumours of events likely to
disturb the union of the Germanic Diet have become pre-
valent. It has for a long time been stated that, in case of
the death of the Grand Duke of Baden, Bavaria would have
recourse to measures to recover possession of the territories
• for which Austria had vainly engaged, at the Congress of
Vienna, to obtain fur her an indemnity. The death of
the Grand Duke has now taken place, and we tremble lest
we should see the peace of Germany interrupted by the
armed occupation of these territories. The new Grand
Duke is already prepared to repel force by force, and a
courier has been despatched to St. Petersburgit to solicit
the aid of Russia. 'lite garrison of INlanheitn has been
reinforced, and travellers already notice the passing of
transports of artillery and stores. The death of the Grand
Duke was kept secret for two days."
The 111-oniteur of this day publishes a Royal Onion-
nature, divided into eight titles and thirty-two articles, on
the organization of a corps of naval engineers. This Or-
dominance is countersigned by the Minister of Marine,
BanarLoonrdil'Haussez, and by his Royal Highness the Dauphin,
High Admiral of France.
• The Funds were generally heavy on 'Change yesterday,
and some descriptions of Stock fell considerably.
HAVRE, Arum 4.—The Nanine has brought us this
day letters from Port-au-Prince. They state that the Go-
- v"nment aid whole population of Haiti are determined to
resist the attacks of Spain, if, notwithstanding the luckless
issue of her expeditions against Mexico and her other colo-
nies, she should attempt to recover by force of arms her
former possessions in Haiti.
urgeebyLsanne, Are's.. I.—The pretensions formerly
d Bavaria to the Palatinate, and which are far
from having been relinquished, have produced great uneasi-
ness here. Government has just taken all the measures
Zse:ssarY to protect the Grand Duchy against any attack.
"n as the Duke was deceased the most positive orders
„„e, sent to all the garrison towns, requiring them to be
fidelity to
an immediate state of defence. The oath of
to the new Duke has been taken by every regiment.
In order to destroy all communication with I3avaria, the
bridge of boats has been destroyed, which joined it to
Manheim ; and, to complete these precautionary measures,
all the troops of reserve have assembled, together with the
contingents of claPses which had not been called out, the
landwehr will also be employed, and the army will thus
be increased to nearly 25,000 men, who will remain in the
Palatinate until the dispute respecting the right of nieces-
,sseittninealm. between Baden and Bavaria shall have been finally
The new Grand Duke has already taken measures
to repel force by force. A courier has been despatched to
Russia for assistance, and the garrison of Manheim has
been provided with a reinforcement of artillery.
On the 2d inst. a report was prevalent at Lyons of the
4-ISseir Dey of Algiers having been assassinated in an insurrection.
The following is an extract of a letter dated Munich,
March si The Minister for Foreign Affairs received
a sis this
sa
tr, evening, by express, the news of the death of the
?-• `-ails: Grand Duke of Baden. It is reported that immediately
after this event the gates of the city were shut, and no one
itsijk2 buffered to depart, consequently this intelligence did not
000 tome direct from our Envoy at the Court of Baden, but
from our Minister at Stutgard. The late Grand Duke
,Sasa-a. Louis was the last legitimate descendant of the reigning
family of Baden ; and Bavaria having hereditary claims on
oms parts of the Duchy, which nevertheless have been
!trisiglY contested by the present line of Grand Dukes, the
issue of a left-handed marriage, we have become extremely
anxious as to the measures to be adopted by Bavaria to
assert her rights. Unfortunately the King is in Italy, and
i. may not be able to seize the favourable moment. It has,
fir , however
r bent said that his Majesty, before his departure,
int. special instructions with his Minister for Foreign
Dsatau iris for his guidance in case of the death of the Grand
ark. This is an occasion on which Bavaria ought to
un the a direct and energetic policy ; but when we reflect
ilttiai,tlio,nneiyestetia usually pursued by the Germans iu such af-
eitle,
bee,cannot help anticipating a long series of nego-
Tae ing
without any positive results. A war is trot poe-
t:
thetteceeintfi:deitriatetirodnic.,t,ed by the Constitutional Des
seta of
prodigaii;s—wlitlT
morning • beie from the Journal des Debate of this
foe the African want of reflection, the carelessness and
want
the expenses for time preparations
Expedition have been made, must give

pain to every thinking mind. Fire-engines are building
at immense cost, to tie sent to Aftiei, while there arc
already in the Government magazines a great number of
these machines, constructed at the time of the projected
descent upon England, which surely might be used in-
stead of being left to rot. This war cannot cost less
than 100,060,000 francs. May we not ask whether
this sum might not be employed in a manner more bene-
ficial to our commerce, more advantageous to the pros-
perity and power, and, we may even add, the dignity of
the nation at large ? For instance, would it not be better
to devote one half to the repair and improvement of the
public roads, and the other to the re-establishment of our
fortresses ? To obtain possession of Algiers is certainly
worth something ; hut again we ask, would it not be more
profitable to render our fortresses impregnable?"
The Messager de Marseille containsithe following :
" The King's Attorney-General has prepared a list of all
the Ministerial Officers, specifying their names, Christian-
names, the places of their birth, their age, whether they
are bachelors, married men, or widowers, and the number
of their children, with a column for remarks. We re-
membered that similar lists were drawn out both in 1824
and in 1827."

Instructions are said to have just been sent by the Pre-
fect of the Department to all the Mayors of Paris, relative
to the revision of the Electoral Lists.

The Journal du Commerce de Lyons announces, that
"workmen are employed in that city in constructing a
number of portable towers, destinel for the Algerine ex-
pedition. They are formed of strong oak, planks three
inches thick, about twenty or five and twenty feet square,
and from twelve to fifteen feet high ; they are divided into
two stories, each of which will hold from fifty to sixty
men. They are embattled on each side, so that those
within may fire in every direction, and at the same
time be sheltered from musketry from without. They
are of course capable of being set up and taken to pieces at
pleasure, and easy of transport, each plank being num-
bered. Some imagine them to be destined to protect our
infantry against the African Cossacks—some that they
are to shelter the men against the wild beasts with which
the African shores abound—and others, that they are in-
tended to form, promptly, a fortified place in the deserts
of this barbarous district."
FeaXCU FL/NI:IA.—PARIS, APRIL 6.—Five per Cents., lett Wu.
10c. sc. 10c. 15c. 10c. ; Four and a-half per Cents., 10.5 f. Mk.;
Four per Cents., 101 f. Isoc. ; Three per Cents., Ea 95c. the 80c.
90c. 85c. Ze. ; Bank Stock, 1,910 f. ; Rentes de Naples, 93f. 92f.
955. 93f. sc. 93f. 93f. sc. ; Rentes d'll9pagne, 13%; Royal Spanish
Loan, 90W IX, 90 89% ; Rentes Perpetuelle d'Espagne, '79 18
78 7'7 'frY, 78W ; Haytian Loan, 560 f. 555f.—Exchange
on London—One month, paper, 2if. 61c. ; three months, paper,
95f. 50c.—Coors Authentique.

The following are extracts from the Ham-
burg Reporter and other German Papers to the
2d inst. :

THE HAGUE, APRIL 4.—Major-General Sir Howard
Douglas, Governor of New Brunswick, accompanied by
Captain Douglas, of the Sd Regiment of Life Guards of
his Majesty the King of Great Britain, has arrived in this
town. We understand that Sir Howard is sent by the
British Government, i❑ order to give to his Majesty our
King the necessary information respecting the boundaries
between the United States and the English possessions in
North America, for the decision of which question his
Majesty has been chosen arbitrator by both parties.
ST. PETERSBURGH, MARCH 20.—His Majesty, as well
as Prince Albert of Prussia, has left the military colonies,
near Novogorod, and are gone to Moscow.
COPENHAGEN, ncrt 27.—Numerous fetes have been
given in different parts on account of the recovery of her
Royal Highness the Princess Caroline.

Accounts from Bergen say, that the spring herring
fishery has been attended with many difficulties, and it
seems that the result has not given satisfaction, though the
report states that 6,000 barrels of herrings had been
pickled.
The Negroes in the Danish West India Islands have
been pleased by the measures ordered by his Majesty,
which have been gradually carried into effect pretty nearly
on an equal footing with the Europeans, and their eman-
cipation may be considered as effected. Marriages between
people of colour and Europeans are permitted; many of the
former follow mechanical professions, and trade with the
same rights as Europeans, and the chief artisans are
people of colour, many of them are employed in mer-
chants' counting-houses, and many are in public offices.
All the officers of the corps of firemen are people of colour,
except the chiefs. The sexton of the Danish church at
St. Croix is a negro ; and one of the richest merchants in
St. Thomas, M. de Castro, though a black, is Aid-de-
camp to the Governor ; nay, the black proprietors of some
of the sugar plantations have Europeans in their service
as managers. Endeavours are made in silence to abolish
the right of ownership to negroes who are still in slavery.
If at the sale of the property of a person deceased, a negro
bids for his freedom, it is considered as disgraceful, at St.
Croix, to bid against him ; and many have in this manner
obtained their liberty for a trifling consideration.—Hum.
burg Papers, April 2.

HAMBULCI, ArRIL 2.—Boitstbr HALLE, HALF-PAST
Fotri o'cLocK.--The arrivals of Corn have, this week,
been again very considerable, particularly of Wheat, but
among them were many parcels for the sale of which con-
tracts had been made during the winter.

Wheat was in demand in consequence of the accounts
from England, and the better qualities brought higher
prices. A particularly fine parcel was even sold as high
as 130. Middling quality is of heavier sale, our own
consumers showing but little inclination to buy.
Rye has been rather heavy. Several lots, for which
the owners could nut get such good prices as they wished,
have been announced fur public sale.
Barley has been received from the Upper Elbe, and
readily taken by our brewers.

From the 20th to the 27th of March, inclusive, one
cargo of corn passed the Sound to Bergen, Norway.
Weight. Rix dollars.
Pantile Wheat to
Pomeranian l2l to 128 110 to 116
Attilalt, white llB to 124 118 to 125
red 122 to 128 120 to 123
Danish
Dantzie Rye US to 122 6O to 61
Upland 116 to 143 62 to 63
Danish -- to -- 54 to 56
Magdeburgh Barley q 8 to 104 54 to 53
Anhalt OB to 104 5l to 58
Danish —to 10 to 44
Meeklenburgh Oats 66 to 57...... 38 to 40
Danish
Pomeranian Malt to
Pease, yellow, Upland
Holstein Rapeseed — to —......160 to 167

The liquidation for the end of March has gone off quietly.
A good deal has been done today in Bills on Londo❑
and Holland, Austrian Securities particularly. Bank
Shares are in demand.—Portuguese 541 ex div.—Greek
111 dividend included.

End of April.
Anglo-Danish Loan 3 per Cent 73%
Anglo-Russian boar lOf3N,
Hamburg-Russian Loan lO4
Polish Bonds l3l
New Prussian 4 per Cents. (1830) 9ll 4
Austrian Bank Shares I'M
Austrian Metalliques 1031,,
New Austrian 4 per Cents.
Anglo Neapolitan
Falconets
—Hamburg Reporter.
