GLAMORGANSHIRE.

ADAM MURRAY and. SONS are instructed
to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mackworth Arms
Inn, in the borough and seaport town of Swansea, on SATu
it-
DAY, the 19th day of December next,
A most desirable FREEHOLD and COPYHOLD ES.
TATE, containing 76 a. 3r. 31 p. of rich Arable, Meadow,
Pasture and Woodland, lying in detached parcels, and situate
at Oystermouth and Newton, within a few m►les •f Swansea.
This valuable property will be sold in 18 lots, affording a most
inviting opportunity to purchasers who play wish to possess
themselves of small snug properties to build upon, commanding
a fine prospect of nearly all the Seigniory of Gower, the hay
of Swansea, and the opposite coast of Somerset and Devon,
with excellent situations for sea-bathing.
Printed particulars and plans will be ready for delivery in
November next ; and for further information apply to Mr.
Frampton, solicitor, Gray's•ion ; Mr. ThomnQ Thomas, of
Swansea ; and to Adam Murray and Sons, Land Agents, 47,
Parliament-street.

•
THE VESTA PATENT STOVE,
70s. plain.
That a Madeira climate in England may be produced by the
VESTA STOVE, plants of the most tender kind requiring
warmth have proved ; in sick rooms it has been found invalu-
able, producing one even degree of temperature throughout the
day and night. The Vesta Stove has no doors, and as there
is not any fire in contact with the outer case, warmth is ob-
tained without any of the unpleasant effects complained of in
the use of others. The fire can be kept alight the whole season,
and the part containing the fire is not open during the time it
is replenished with fuel. The fuel passes from the hod into
the Stove, without being seen, preventing entirely any escape
of the noxious vapours, arid that annoyance from dust which,
in feeding other stoves, arises from t`te fuel being removed
from the Hod into the Stove, or what is worse, into a funnel
to convey it into the stove. The ashes are removed without
causing any dirt or (lust ; no raking out with portable rakers,
or the bands, being necessary ; end during their removal from
the interior of the Stove they are not visible. The cost for
fuel (cinders, coke, or Welch coal) will be about twopence for
twenty-four hours, during which time the stove will not require
attention. _ _

The VESTA STOVES are perfectly free from all liability
to explosions and such unpleasant consequences as have been
met with in the use of Arnott's. A variety of sizes and patterns
are made with ascending and descending flues, in iron and
earthenware, suitable for warming apartments of every descrip-
tion, Churches, Ships' Cabins, &c.
The Stoves may be seen in use at RIPPON and BURTON'S
Warehouses, Wells-street, Oxford-street. A List of Prices
and a number of references and testimonials will be sent in
answer to a post-paid application.

POPULAR EDITION, Pace by.post im-
MARRIAGE—Its Intent, Obligations, and
Physical and Constitutional Disqualifications Medically
considered; with interesting and remarkable Illustrations, gra,
phie, narrative, and remedial : an original, comprehensive, and
important Work,' addressed chiefly to Young ;lien, End (mired
PROFESSIONAL RECORDS. , •
Also, Companion to the same, called MEDICAL,,CON-i
SULTATIONS. Price 28. 6.1. i-•
Sherwood, 23, Paternoster-row; Carvalho, 147, )Peet-st reef
.;
Hannay, 63, Oxford-street; Harris, 25, Bow-street ; and all
Booksellers.

Just published, in. royal 18mo., cloth, price 34. , and sent in
Town or Country free, by post, 3s. tid.,
' 1 ANHOOD: the CAUSES of its PRE-
MATURE DECLINE, with Plain Directions for
ITS PERFECT RESTORATION; addressed to those suf-
fering from the destructive effects of Excessive Indulgence,
Solitary Habits, or Infection ; followed by Observations on the
TREATMENT of SYPHILIS, GONORRHEA, GLEET,
&c. illustrated with Cases, &c.
By J. L. CURTIS and COMPANY,
Consulting Surgeons, London.
?üblished by the Authors, and sold by flalliere, Mcdical
Bookseller, 219, Regent-street; 011ivier, 59, Pall Mall;
S,range, 21, Paternoster-row ; Pattie, 4, Brydg,es-street;
Strand; Machen and Co., 8, D'Olier-street, Dublin; Duncan
114, High-street, Edinburgh; and to be had of all Booksellers.
The Work which is now presented to the public is the result
of very extended experience in a class of diseases and affee-
bobs, which far some unaccountable reason.. have been either
altogether overlooked, or treated with apathy, and almost in-
difference, by the c!dinary practitioner. To enter into the
details of these affections, to point out their causes, and to
mark the terrific consequences, social, moral, and physical,
which are sure to follow from indulgence, 'in certain habits,
would be entirely out of place in an advertisement. We have
no hesitation, however, in saying that there is so member of
society, by whom the book will not be found interesting, whe-
ther we consider such person to hold the relation of a PA-
, RENT, a PRECEPTOR, or a CLERGYIIIA*.;.
The PARENT, who beholds his beloved child pining atvay,
and fast approaching to a premature grave, in consequence of
some disease, which for want of a careful investigation ef its
real cause, has been set down to the score of consumption,
will, on perusing this work be astonished to find that in nine-
tenths of the cases of young persons of both sexes, who perish
of what is called pulmonary consumption, hart disease, tabes,
&c., the sole and exclusive origin has been the indulgence in
certain destructive habits, practised by youth much more t
shor
rear
should
d introducedappear
. t
ultimately the lives of his
fre-
quently than is at all suspected.
1 detectingn t ,)
schools,
wherebys otnoHobfeteewneotillmeileophihirecoereamealltifiehs
n:
di
da,,,,Pn,
al9dhafeaclttuii
lete
ytwiii:hTeppeirlirl,tosee,
itb,areiyrielattlsitomEue
sure to
RECEPTOR,
judge,eT Owoßhf
et,
nil
i.also,sidaerl:i:vras
,chyo holds temporarily, at bast
the relation and iesponsibility of a paurnelnets,swthille,
ebvyilliebreuscinhgeetkhei(si
work, be directed, and very much assisted in investigating and
guide him through
moral la_byrintloth-, and a standard
will be enabled to check the evil in
attack any of his young et cause of such
f.
are sure to follow from them, if
in whose sacred character, is at once
concentrated the twofold relation ef parent and instructor, will
aittstTainchke,ipmcieaLnytEbseßt,aGtaeny.d3tilAmss h, e
here be directed as to the nature of those habits, to which
youth is addicted ; he will also be enabled to point out', he
disastrous consequences which
not relinquished.
life of the
—as
pasty ; the
communication must be accompanied by the " usual Consulta-
tion Fee of V.," without which no notice whatever can be
atbhiets of duration
living of,
anthde occupation complaint,is
in tki
taken of their application ; and in all cases, the most inviolable
secrecy may be relied on.
N.B. Seven doors from R
- n.io-R q u R r a .

IN cases of secrecy consult the TREATISE
on every stage and symptom of the VENEREAL DIS.
EASE, in its mild and most alarming forms, just, published by
Messrs. Perry and Co., Surgeons, 4, Great Charles-street,
Birmingham, and 44, Albion-street, Leeds.
The above invaluable little work is given gratis with each
box of PERRY'S PURIFYING SPECIFIC PILLS, price
2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., and Ils., containing a full description of the
above complaint, illustrated by Engravings, showing the dif-
ferent stages of this deplorable and often fatal disease, as well
as the dreadful cons, quences arising from the use of Mercury.
The causes, symptoms, and baneful effects of Lues Venerea,
Gonorrhoea, Strictures, Seminal Weakness, &c , are explained
in a Umiliar manner ; to which are added very extensive prac-
tical observations on sexual debility, brought on by a delusive
habit, all its attendant sympathies considered, and the whole
illustrated by striking cases, accompanied with full and explicit
directions for an effectual and speedy cure, with ease, secrecy,
and safety, without the aid of medicial assistance; it also con-
tains many hints and advice well worth knowing.
PERRY'S PURIFYING SPECIFIC PILLS, price2s. 9d.,
4s. tid., and Ils. per box; is the most certain and effectual cure
ever discovered, for every stage and symptom of the Venereal
Disease, in both sexes, including Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Se-
condary Symptoms, Strictures, Seminal Weakness, Deficiency,
and all 'Diseases of the Urinary Passages, without loss of time,
confinement, or hindrance from business ; they have effected
the most surprising cures, not only in recent and severe cases,
but when'sallvation and all other means have failed.
. _

It is a melancholy fact that thousands fall victims to this
horrid disease, owing to the unskilfulness of illiterate men,
who, by the use of that deadly poison, mercury, ruin the con-
stitution, cause ulceration, blotches on the head, face, and body,
dimness of sight. noise in the ears, deafness, obstinate gleets,
nodes on the shin bones, ulcerated sore throats, diseased nose,
with nocturnal pains in the head and limbs, till, at length, a
general debility and decay of the constitution ensues, and a me-
lancholy death puts a period to their dreadful sufferings.
Messrs. Perry and Co., Surgeons, may he consulted at No.
4, Great Charles-street, Birmingham, and 44, Albion-street,
Leeds. Only one personal visit is required from a country
patient, to give such advice as will be the means of effecting a
permanent and effectul cure, after all other means have proved
ineffectual.
Letters for advice must be post. paid, and contain the usual
fee of one pound.
PERRY'S CORDIAL BALM of SYRIACUM is intended
to relieve those persons who, by an immoderate indulgence of
their passions, have ruined their constitution, or in their way to
the consummation of that deplorable state are affected with
any of. those previous symptoms that betray its approach, as the
various affections of the nervous system, obstinate gleets, invo-
luntary emissions, excesses, irregularity, obstructions of certain
evacuations, weakness, total incompetency, barrenness, &c. A
perseverance in its use has been the happy means of relieving
many thousands, and •f restoring a great number to the per-
manent enjoyment of life. It is remarkable for its efficacy in
all disorders of the d'gestive organs, and is especially recom-
mended to those who, from the irregularities of youthful age,
habits of studious application, or a life of pleasure, have fallen
into a despondent state of mind, and that distressing train of
with
hltehsempr
domesticai
c price
eumlisad.
habits,
et
ast
c,hhia:t
peculiarly
us
lt Ihsa'
udeaeffins
itcriatacyby
o,e
f.
fwithoutur iin
symptoms commonly denominated the nervous. In such per-
e
sons the mental are not less enfeebled than the corporeal
i'alnygndb°bwtorttle for 335, by which one I Is. bottle is saved,
a")) ,twe'ste ireoffvaliedsnmr'ciluded, and may be had of all medicine venders in Loii
pEatueraotpme.edicine
don ; alsn every town and village throughout the United
Continent o
Nn g. dlo3m. ,
CountryA tner e ad, andugg theist s
booksellers,
'ven-
ders, and every other, shopkeeper,, can be supplied with any
qpritity of Perry s Purifying Specific Pills and Cordial Balm
of Synanuin, with the usual allowance to the trade, by most o+
the principal wholesale I.4tent medicine houses in London

for the CURE of STRIC-
TUREShYe URETHRA
---- - - -
H. Lf
t et.; ,G GE (N) NE(R)
Al 1
Notwithstanding the above:lnstittiti: is closed. Patients
continue tc receive the GRA I UITOUS ADVICE of the Sur-
geon (Mr. Courtenay, 4.2, Great Marlborough-street,) by lip-
I
pl in^ at his own hease instead of the Charity.
NINT(EEFAai.IGIREAIIoN''fIRitSR'
YHriurs of Attendance, from Eight to Ten in the Mornings
and from Seven to Nine in the. Evenings. On Sundays in the
Morning, but not in the Eventng,
yamcllaullGDAlNsf :sYEIs)

which, in the '
ARCLAY'S ASTHMATIC CANDY has,
FOGS AND DA MP AITC--7--
for many years, been proved an effectual preserra •
front tOe ill effects at the Fogs and Damp Air,
Wintertive
Season, are so prevalent in this. Climate.. Its effects are to expel
atu,s and
hose who sutler from Difficulty of Breathing, ' "
hfarch, 3.6, Holborn ; JohrstOn,l,t4, Coen,'
Wind, to preserve the Stomach irom the adinlssion of D
to reliever
pmpvco, only by Barclay and SOT , 95, Farringdon-street, London ;
and Sold Retail, by their :ippon) timid., by Sanger, 150, Ox fi.t (1-st re t •
il-iii.,lg3tou,r,fi;eldt,ie
hill ; G itford, it 4, Strand ; HOlows, Drugg6t, :2, High street, le.-
, --ae—iiev ; a:.a
all respectable Medicine Venders in Town and Country. by
.I:debSo:cnk(l,;Druggist, Church-street, 1-1 k
Observe—None can be genuine, unless the names of "Bat
clay and
ons " are en the Stamp affixed to each Bolt,

TWEDNESDAY EVENING.)
TIMES.—The accounts received this morning from
Manchester are of a more cheering character than
any received for some time past. Money was be-
coming more plentiful, and bills more easy of discount,
owing, it is said, to timely interference by the London
(iisenunting brokers, who had taken off a great number
Of the bilis of the foreign Louses, and thus relieved
the local money market. The prospects of trade were
also improving. The extensive Mediterranean market
in consequence of the events which have occurred in
Syria,• was again considered to be opened, and orders
have arrived from the United States. with anticipations
of more and larger by the next packets. In the E tst
India trade there was also the appearance of a great
increase of business ; but the long-dated bills which
are usual in ?that trade were likely to create some im-
pediment, unless that can be removed by the late no-
tice from the Bank, which will allow them to be
taken in deposit, though not actually discounted. Some
of the more extensive printers have begun to work
extra -tine ; the printers' engravers are working night
and day, having more orders on hand than they can
execute, in anticipation of the demand for printed goods
from America.
By the New York papers which have been received
this morning to the 13'h ult. inclusive, it appeers
that the operations in Stocks had been to the usual
extent, though prices were on the decline, " United
States Bank" Shares range froM 66 to 66:3- ; North
American Trust from 30 to 11. In New Jersey re-
solutions had been introduced into the Assembly,
calling on the banks to state whether or not they are
now paying specie, and if not, when it is their inten-
tion to resume. The tariff question_ is expected to
be brought speedily before Congress. The manufac-
turing States are ready to revive the question of a
protective duty, while the cotton-planting States are
ready to oppose it, and the tobacco planters are mak-
ing movements towards a modification of the duties
laid by Foreign Powers, or the imposition of corre-
sponding duties on the produce of their own industry.
Such a system of retaliative duties is, however, re-
garded by many as likely to prove injurious to the
iinterests of the Union. The tobacco planters, for
nstance, depending on the foreign market, desire the
removal of foreign duties to increase the consumption
of their produce, and in the event of a refusal, to levy
retaliative duties on foreign imports. This, it is con-
tended, would not enrich them, while it would tax the
whole union merely to gratify their revenge. A retali-
ative system is also looked upon as likely to prove in- •
jurious to the cotton-growing interests, as it is conceived
that England is looking forward to obtaining a supply
of cotton from her own possessions in India, and would
be but too glad to take advantage of a retaliative duty
levied by America to levy an impost on the importa-
tion of American cotton. It should be remarked, how-
ever, that this question of the tariff on one hand, and
that of the abolition- of slavery on the other, have been
for a long-time past alternately the bone of contention
in the United States; and it is not very likely, in the
present state of affairs, that either of them will be
pressed to the extreme point, so as to incur the appre•
berel:rd danger of a separation.
Tile question concerning the future position of France
and England in their relations with Spain is discussed
from a commercial point of view in Le Commerce of
Monday last. The article is one of the many demon-
strations of jealousy towards the English which have
appeared lately in the Parisian journals. Our advan-
tageS are looked on with suspicion, as for instance the
use of the .port of Gibraltar in importing goods into
Spain under our flag, and the similar use of the ports of
Biscay, and we are accused of having organized an ex-
tensive system of smuggling. Tne projected revision
of 'the Spanish customs is regarded as the revival of a
former project to monopolize the Spanish 'market by a
treaty of commerce. To counterbalance the anticipated
preponderance of British interests in Spain, the depu-
tieS are exhorted to declare themselves, and to speak so
loudly that " their voices may be heard at Madrid."
France is advised to aid Spain in the work of
regeneration, to ally herself with the political in-
terests of that country, an alliance which would soon
be followed by a commercial friendship. It is
further recommended that France should assist in
the revision of the Spanish tariff, carefully guarding
against any result to the exclusiVe benefit of England,
that she should bring into action the advantages which
she possesses by her contiguity to Spain, and show the
benefits which Spain might derive from her goods.
The projects of roads to connect the two countries are
brought to bear on the subject. At present there cre
but two, one by Bayonne and the other by Perpignaur
while some of the projected roads would proceed from
Toulouse, arid thence be directed towards Saragossa on
the'orie side,
,and towards Barcelona on the other. As
cif. the -Preijects this journal would reeoura-
metiVtinzi plirase of Napoleon is recalled, •" that there
slrciulil. 'be ,no snore Pyrenees." These opinions are
worthy of attention, as they represent the views of the
party with respect to Spain. In France
they answer the additional purpose of an attack on M.
GniZot, whom Le Commerce accuses of too much par-
tiality for England to allow such projects to be carried
into effect.

POST.—The fluctuations in the funds were to-day
very insignificant. The closing prices exhibited, how-
ever, sonic improvement upon those which were current
at an earlier hour.
Consols have shut for the arrangement of the divi-
dends. It was one of the slackest shuttings that have
taken place for a long time past. The new Three-and-
a-Ilalf per Cent. Annuities will shut to-morrow.
In pursuance of the course we have marked out for
ourselves in the performance of our duty towards the
public, the duty of protecting, as far as possible, the
commercial body against the foreign loan-jobbing system
which has taken so deep a root in the country, we
cannot omit offering a few observations on the pro-
bable result of the presidential election in the United
States with reference to this, subjeca We have,
we are aware, already incurred the displeasure of
certain scheming gentry by the uncompromising op-
position we have made to the impudent projects
they have from time to 'time brought forward for the
acceptance of the English people, in behalf of insol-
vent, and, in too many cases, unprincipled States ;
but this is a circumstance that troubles us little.
We shall probably have to charge ourselves with the
weight of more of the same kind of odium, for much as
individuals and families have suffered by the frauds
practised upon them by the mischievous persons in ques-
tion, the evil is upon the increase, and it becomes ne-
cessary that we should not only persevere in our efforts
to frustrate their disgraceful attempts upon the pockets
of the unwary, but that we should do this with more
earnestness than ever. The present is a moment when
it especially behoves the English press to exert itself
in aid of the mercantile interest —that important inter-
est being once more assailed by a host of mendicants
from without, as well as by inconsiderable degree of
treachery from within. Our readers have been informed,
during the last two or three days that the contest between
the political parties in the United States is likely to ter-
minate in the triumph of General Harrison, the candi-
date set up in opposition to Mr. Van Buren. Among
the vices belonging to his party is that of loan-manu-
facturing and internal improvement scheming ; and
unfortunately it is a vice that has been encouraged to a
very culpable extent by the people of this country, so
that, upon the accession of General Harrison to the
highest office of the commonwealth, there can be no doubt
that we shall be perfectly overwhelmed with their
" fancy stocks," as they arc called, and worthless " shin-
plasters." Indeed the arrival here within the last week
of several gentlemen who have the reputation of being
able negotiators of such properties is considered by
those who are well instructed from the other side of the
water to be preliminary to the introduction of some of
their new concoctions. It is not, we should hope, ne-
cessary to rake up bygone events to satisfy our capital-
ists of the ins.mity of leqing themselves to the exten-
sion of so objectionable a system of raising money, espe-
cially on the part of the American community, from
whom we should expect better things. The Bank of
England cannot, of course, remain an idle spectator of
a fresh inundation of our markets with foreign bowls,
thereby suffering her position to be seriously. prejudiced,
in order that one or two States of the Union may be
better provided with railways and Canals. She must
adopt some stringent measures to check the evil, in
which case a storm of indignation will again be raised
against the Directors by the very persons who have
only themselves to thank for the change, inasmuch
as it is the effect entirely of their own inconceivable
folly. After the considerable experience we have
had of the weakness of our countrymen in regard
to money operations we can come to no other con-
. elusion than that a majority of them are perfectly
incompetent 'to take care of their property. No
abuse of confidence, no amount of loss, is suffi-
cient to teach them prudence. As an illustration of
this melancholy fact we may refer to an incident which
has oozed out in connection with the case of Messrs.
Wright and Co., the bankers. A scheme was projected
L some time since to raise capital for the construction of
—rA
'r A T—TTI E `VEST INDIA
_ • ,
DOCKS DURING THE FOG --On Tuesday an inquest way held captivating points,
a ra.ilway. between Paris and Rouen, but although the
progreinme was decorated with many cap _
imagined that the affair had been abandoned. We
at the Bricklayers' Arlin, Poplar, on the body of li.-.lert '•
Notting-, aged ti 6 years, a watehman at the West India • ested it. At the time
Henrietta-street are deep'', Inter
' were, bow
Docks, who, "ring' the tog ott S4to thy rerrht 14,1, app:teation was made for subscriptions in London our
&wally fell from the qua 2, i.,to the ba,in \'erdie money market was far from easy. Accommodation was
cidentat death. The Jury expressed their gratification at not to be obtained than at 21 per cent. above
ever, deceived, as we find that the firm in
the praiseworthy Conduct of the crew of the Tripoli, 1 the current rate at Paris ; yet, in the face of this, and

i---)tn
ILIC NOTIFICATION.
and. CO., Members of
MEthSe
REGENT-STREET, and geonsWig, IRONMONGER-LANE,
CH EA P SIDE, may be consulted from Eight o'Clock in the
Morning ,nntil Ten at Night, on every variety and stage of
SRRoyai S.
CollegeSL O
of
fiksNur ,
4, ARGYLL-PLACE,
Syphilis,'with that delicacy and seeresy they have hitherto ob-
served. ' The treatment they pursue will not subject any patient
to condiPment or hindrance from business. Cases of an ex-
treme nature they eradicate in eight or ten days, or if slight or
recent in two or three, without the indiscriminate use of mer-
cury, and at a moderate expense. Generative debility,
and Strictures of the Urethra,unhappily so
Gonorrhcea,
lent, are treated upon thnerring principles whit:ft have in-
sured to Messrs. Sloan and Co. so large a share of nublic pa.
trenage for nearly thirty 'years in London, and which it will be
heir future exertion to maintain.
Letters, containing an onclosure, will bq answered by return
and patients, however distant, will be corresponded with until
recovered.
_.........e.rma.tmam.r..........-_

calamity ; and were England polled, we are sure that
the integrity of France would be the sincere prayer of
almost every man in it ; but the neighbouring nations,
constantly thrown into alarm by the French, may not be
so disinterested as Englishmen, and, urged by a sense of
danger, may one day have recourse to extreme mea-
sures. The French are a clever nation. Why do not
the leading men among theta, instead of poisoning
the minds of the people by illusions of foreign conquest,
seek to direct their energies to conquest at home ?
In no country is there such abundant room for the con-
quests of industry as in France. By way of showing
what can be done by a happy direction of energy and
enterprise, we cannot do better than draw their atten-
tion to the article " Glasgow," in the eighth part of
Mr. M'Culloch's Geographical, Statistical, and His-
torical Dictionary, just published. Of this work
we may, in passing, observe, that it reflects great
honour on all the parties concerned in it, Mr.
M'Culloch himself, and the respectable firm who
have seconded him in his conscientious endeavours
to redeem the literature of the country from the
disgrace stamped on it by numerous compilations,
made without knowledge or indu try, in which
no notice is taken of changes and improvements,
and old errors are carefully repeated. Of all the
many creations of thi4 country, that of the industry of
Glasgow of late years is most astonishing. The net
amount of tonnage dues on shipping coming up to the
Brooad.l:w in 1770 was 1491. 103 ; in 1780, 1,515/. ;
in 1800, 3,319/. ; in 1820, 6,3281.; in 1830, 20,296/. ;
in 1839, 43,2871. Tne increase in the tonnage of
coasting vessels in 1839-40 over 1837.38, is 50,153.
The customs collected in Glasgow in 1812 was 3,1244 ;
in 1820, 11,000/. ; in 1830, 5014/. ; in 1839,
468,9751. The population, which in 1831 was
202,126, is in 1840 increased to 285,000. We will
riot enter into the particulars of the various manufac-
tures, but there is one which exhibits so stupendous an
increase, that we must quote Mr. M•Cuilc,ch :
" Glasgow," be sass, " is also becoming, or rather,
has already become, the centre of a most extensive iron
trade. In fact, the production of iron in the neighbour:lead-
of this city already exceeds that of either Monmouth-
shire or Glamorganshire, and promises very speedily to
be equal or superior to that of the whole of South Wales.
It has increased with unparalleled rapidity. Io 1806 Cm
produce of icon in this county did not exceed 9,000 tons:
in 1834 it was estimated at about 48,000 tons ; and we
have ascertained from returns drawn up with the greatest
care, that in June, 1840, there were at work in Lanark-
shire fifty furnaces, producing at the rate of about 2:0,000
tons a year! And several additional furnaces were then
also in the course of being constructed."
These are the conquests which add to the permanent
power of a nation. These arc the conquests which can
be securely made. The nation which makes them is,
dreaded by no neighbour ; she must be interested in the
prosperity of all, and all must see in her prosperity the
means of adding to their own. We turn to France, and
we find her, with immense natural resources,.almost at
,he bottom of the scale of civilization.
" I know no county in Europe," says a distinguished
foreign writer, " which contains more wealth in its waters
than France. Of all countries, France is the one in
which the waters descend with the gentlest inclination ;
it is the richest in abundant springs ; and it is the only one
I know in Europe in which even the inundations are
always productive of benefit. In the beautiful map of
Alexander Berthier, the position of the mountains and the
course of the rivers and streams are better indicated than in
other maps. The half of the wealth of the soil depends on
the management of the waters. Make a calculation of all
the marshes, all the districts become useless, because
water is allowed to stagnate in them, or rendered pesti-
lential from their exhalations, and you will find a very
large portion of the best soil lost to the national wealth.
Add the accidental inundations which even in France carry
off every year the harvests front many places, and the loss
will be still greater. But the greatest evil, from the neglect
in the management of the waters, is in the good which
might be done by the waters, and which is not done. By
a well combined system, the inundations which might be
prevented, or disposed of, by regulating the course of the
waters, would have two results; the one negative in pre-
venting the evil, the other positive in making the waters
subservient to navigation or irrigation, sometimes by the
very means which would prevent the ravages. For ex-
ample, by rendering the Rhone navigable, there would be
gained all the territory which it devastates, and relief
would be afforded to the highways by a water communi-
cation which would enrich the countries on the banks of
this majestic river. Marshes may be drained by direct-
ing their unwholesome waters into canals useful to irriga-
tion or commerce, or to the salubrity of some town. lam
sure I shall not be contradicted by any intelligent cultiva-
tor, when I affirm that if all the waters were employed
for the purposes of which they are susceptible, the pro-
duce of the soil of France would be doubled. The great
increase.' the wealth produced by irrigation would her, fit
the flocks, becatise irrigation would produce meadows and
the means of manuring."
This writer, a practical man, well acquainted with
the subject on which he writes, goes on to point out
that there is no combination in French agriculture :
that even at the foot of the Pyrenees little advantage
is derived from the noble streams—that there are few
flocks, from the want of winter fodder, which might
easily be obtained, &c. The very circumstance that a
great country like France, with so many natural ad-
vantages, should be obliged to .go cap in hand to her
neighbours for a few thousand cavalry horses, is a proof
of the low ebb at which agriculture is in France. Any
one who turns to the work of Gervasc Markhata, pub-
lished between two and three hundred years ago, will
see that England was then further advanced in agricul-
ture than France is now. And yet with these sources
of wealth unprofited by, nothing will serve the Freneh
but taking territories from their neighbours. What
they ought to take is—lessons. The most glorious con-
quests for France remain to bo made. All sorb, of sense
abound in France but common sense.
(From the Times.)
It is to the wild, ferocious, and mercenary press of
France, that while M. Tillers was minister, we must
look for an index of his real feelings, not to those re-
sponsible acts on which he must have previously con-
sulted the Crown, or to those official documents which
he must have transmitted through the channel of M.
Guizot. Bat as M. Thiers, whilst holding office, was
responsible for nothing that appeared in the Constilu-
tionnel or Courrkr Francais, though emanating ever so
directly from himself, so is he now, in his quality of ex-
Minister, not responsible for anything to which lie gives
utterance in the Chamber; and in his warfare against
the Crown.
which so long, thouithvit No•ge thinkfluo prudently
e
and sagaciously, endured him,
scabbard, and insulted his Sovereign beyondgall decency
or forgivenness, the speeches of M. Thiers, as a De-
puty, are marked by the virulence,sameoffensive
had out-
lawed recklessness, and dogged
agony d
mesopeusra t.
strotnioles from his
, as pre-
viously distinguished the
pen. The foundation of all the doctrines inculcated
by M. Thiers, and by the school of which he' now
stands forth as the undisguised champion, is. till=
France has an inherent right to conquer, plunder, and
kick the whole civilized world before her, until the
world 'ties prostrate at her fact, and suliatits to la rin
unresisting vassalage. A man of integrity here end
there dissents from this bloated and abominable luso-
