THE FUNDS.--(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TWELVE 0' CL 0 CK.
The French Rentes have receded to 77 ; Spanish 394.
Cape of Good Hope Papers to Oct. 9, are rece:ved.
(From Graham's Town Journal.)
THE NATIVE TRIBES.—We regret to learn that the Hafirs
have resumed their depredations last Thursday ; in the middle
of the day. 82 head of cattle were picked out of the herd be-
longing to Schalhough, and were carried off.
A public meeting was to be held this day at twelve o'clock,
for the purpose of addressing a petition to his Majesty the
King in Council, relative to the present constitution of the
Legislative Council of this colony. The requisition was signed
by 37 gentlemen merchants and others resident in Cape Town,
and was readily acceded to by his Excellency the Governor.
The Port Louis paper contains from the Gazette Extra-
ordinary, August 7, a Government notice, stating that
his Excellency the Governor directs an extract from a dis-
patch from the Right. Hon. E. G. Stanley, Secretary for the
Colonies, dated March 18, 1834, to be made known to the public
it adverts to, for remedying the extreme embarrassment caused
in the Colony by the rejection of the Penal Code, and for
enabling them to form a better organization and more suitable
proceedings before the courts of justice in general. His Ex-
cellency feels much satisfaction in being able to state that the
way in which the inhabitants have received the important mea.
sure for the abolition of slavery has obtained the most flattering
approbation of his Majesty.
Consols opened at the price they left off yesterday, 92i for
the Account, with little doing, as the speculators wilt not
transact any important business until they learn the official
formation of the new Ministry.
Nothing further is known in the City respecting them than
what is already published.
84i
Spanish heavy at 52 to 521 ; Portugese maintains its price,

HALF-PAST ONE.
Consols have been during the morning at 92 to 92i- for the
account.

Spanish heavy at 52 ; it has been at 514; Portuguese 84
THREE O'CLOCK

Consols 92 for the Account.

Lord Stanley's answer, has been received. The
Tories do not dissemble its contents. It extends to two pages,
and the Noble Lord assigns a number of reasons why he can-
not join the Admiriistration.
It is understood that Lord Molyneux, who has
agreed to stand for South Lancashire, and Mr. George Wood,
the present Member, are to have all the interest of the Derby
family ; and that the present Earl is strongly opposed to the
Peel- Wellington Administration. —Morning Chronicle.
A Council has been summoned for two o'clock to-
day. A Chapter of the most noble Order of the Garter will
also be held, when the orders lately worn by the late Earl
Bathurst and Earl Hardwicke, will, it is reported, be conferred
upon the Duke of Grafton and Earl Afinto.
ARRIVAL OF THE LORD LIEUTENANT OF IRE-
LAND.—The Marquis and Marchioness Wellesley and suite
arrived at the Clarendon Hotel, New Bond-street, yesterday
evening, from the Viceregal Lodge, at Dtkhlin Castle. The
Firebrand Government StgalTlPl* conveyed the Marquis and
iViareltioness, with their carriages and -luggage, from Howth
to Holyhead. Mr. and Mrs. Caton arrived at the Clarendon
on the preceding evening, from Ireland. The Earl of Mul-
grave, who is still sojourning at the Hotel, qnd was on a visit
to the Marquis in the autumn} at the Vieeregal Lodge, visited
his Nql* Friena shortly after he arrived. The Marquis Wel-
lesley having succeeded the Marquis of Anglesey, in the Go-
vernment of Ireland in September of the last year, his Lord-
ship's Admini§tration wq,3 Of Moon month's duration. Mr.
Montgomery, private secretary to the Lord Lieutenants ha ac-
companied him to England.
