el t.iil :
Presbyterian Councils as are at hand, have been pas::.ed
by Presbyteries and Syncds in the slave States.
HOPEWELL PRESBYTERY, SOUTH CAROLINA.
I." Slavery has existed in the Church of God from the
time of Abraham to this day. Members of the Church
of God have he:d slaves bought with their menev, end
born in their houses ; and this relation is not only re-
cognized, but its duties are defined clearly both in the
Old and New Testaments.
2. " Emancipation is not mentioned among the de..
ties of the master :o his slave, while obedience even
to the froward ' master is enjoined upon the slate.
3. " No instance can be' produced of an otherwise
orderly Christian being REPROVED, much less EXCOM.
MUNICATED from the Church, for the single act of
holding domestic slaves, from the days of Abraham down
to the date of the modern abolitionist?'
HARMONY PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
" Whereas, sundry persons in Scotland and Begleud,
and others in the north, east, and west of our country,
have denounced slavery as obnoxious to the lens of
God, some of whom have presented before the General
Assembly of our Church, and the Congress of the na-
tion, memorials and petitions, with the avowed object
of bringing into disgrace slave-holders, and abolishng
the relation of master and slave :—And whereas, from
the said proceedings, and the statements, reasonings,
and circumstances connected therewith, it is most ma-
nifest that those persons ' know not what they say, nor
whereof they affirm ;' and with this ignorance discover
a spirit of self-righteousness and exclusive sanctity," &c.
" Therefore, 1. Resolved—That as the kingdom of
our Lord is no of this world, Fis Church as such has
no right to abolish, alter, or effect any institution or or-
dinance of men, political, or civil, &c.
" 2. Resolved—That slavery has existed from the
days of those good old slave-holders and patriarchs,
Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, (who are new in the king-
dom of heaven,) to the time when the Apostle Paul
sent a runaway home to his master, Philemon, and wrote
a Christian and fraternal letter to this slave-bolder,
which we find still stands in the canon of the Scriptures
—and that slavery has existed ever since the days of
the apostle, and does now exist.
"3. Resolved—That as the relative duties of master
and slave are taught in the Scriptures, in the same
manner as those of parent and child, and husband and
wife, the existence of slavery itself is not opposed to
the will of God ; and whosoever has a conscience too
tender to recognise this relation as lawful, is righteous
over much,' is wise above what is written,' and has
submitted his neck to the yoke of men, sacrificed his
Christian liberty of conscience, and leaves the infallible
word of God for the fancies and doctrines of men."
Sentiments of Presbyterian Ivlinisters.—The Rev.
Gardiner Spring, D.D., of New York.—At the anni-
versary of the American Colonization Society at the
City of Washington, in 1839, this gentleman appeared
on the platform as one of the speakers, with Mr.
George D. Wise (M.C.), of Virginia, a slave-holder
and professed duellist. The latter had said in his
speech, the best way to meet the abolitionists was with
" Dupont's best" [gunpowder], and cold steel. The
Sun, one of the New York City Journals, tells us—the
Rev. Doctor " spoke with sympathy of the sentiments
of the South as evinced in the speech of Mr.
Rev. Themes S. Witherspoon, of Alabama, writing
to the editor of the Emancipator :
" I draw my warrant from the Scriptures of the Old
and New Testaments, to hold the slave in bondage.
The principle of holding the heathen in bondage is re-
cognized by Gad. . . . When the tardy process
of the law is too long in redressing our grievances, we of
the South, hove adopted the summery remedy of Judge
Lynch—and really I think it one of the most wholesome
and salutary remedies for the malady of northern fana-
ticism that can be applied, and no doubt my worthy
friend the editor of the Emancipator and Human
Rights, would feel the better of its enforcement, pro-
vided he had a southern administrator. Igo to the
Bible for my warrant in all moral matters. . . Let
your emissaries dare venture to cross the Potomac, and
I cannot promise you that their fate will be less than
Haman's. Then beware how you goad an insulted,
but magnanimous people to deeds of desperation."
Rev. Robert N. Anderson, of Virginia :
To the Sessions of the Presbyterian Congrega-
tions within the bounds of the West Hanover Pres-
bytery :
" At the approaching stated meeting of our Presby-
tery, I design to offer a preamble and string of resolu-
tions on the subject of the use of wine in the Lord's
supper ; and also a preamble and string of resolutions
on the subject of the treasonable and abominably
wicked interference of the Northern and Eastern
fanatics, with our political and civil rights, our pro-
perty, and our domestic concerns. You are aware
that our clergy, whether with or without rea-
son, are more suspected by the public than the clergy
of other denominations. Few, dear Christian brethren,
I humbly express it as my earnest wish, that you quit
yourselves like men. If there be any stray goat of a tni-
nister among you, tainted with the blood-hound princi-
ples of abolitionism, let him be ferreted out, silenced, ex .
communicated, and left to the public to dispose of him
in other respects.

Your affectionate brother in the Lord,
" ROBERT N. ANDERSON."
Postscript.—We would have the reader bear in mind
that the foregoing presents but one side of the anti-
slavery cause in the several churches whose proceed-
ings have been considered ; and that in them all there
are Abolitionists earnestly labouring to purify them
from the defilements of slavery ; and that they have
strong encouragement to proceed, not only in view of
what they have already effected toward that end, but in
the steady increase of their numbers, and in other
omens of success.
We wish him also to bear in mind, that the churches
which have been brought before him are not the only
American churches which arc guilty is giving their
support to slavery. Of others we have said nothing,
simply because, to examine their causes, would be to
make this work too long for the object we have in
view—and because enough has been said to show sub-
stantially the state of the slavery-question in America,
so far as the cituRCII in that country is connected with it.
Lastly.—We take pleasure in assuring him that
there arc considerable portions of the Methodist, Bap-
tist, and Presbyterian Churches, as well as the entire of
some of the smaller religious bodies in America, that
maintain a commendable testimony against slavery and
its abominations.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S-YESTERDAY.

A considerable number of the subscribers had left for
Newmarket, anff, with the moiety present, not the sligliteq
disposit.on to speculate was evinced. We did not hear a
bet of any deseript:on.
