FROM THE JOURNAL Ot BOURDEAUk.

raprlpAv, MARCVL 14.

.(PRINTED AND PUBLISIIBD BY ORDER.)

BOURIA:4UX.-(NO. I.)

The 12th of March will be to the city of BoUr-
;tleanx tae most glorious epoch consecrated in.the
annals of history. For a long time the Bordelais
hail prommounced.against: the oppressive govern-
mentantder whit') France groaned ; but they had
/lot yet finnul a favOtirable opportunity for throw-
ing: 'off the yoke. Some zealous citizens, how,
ever, laboured in secret. for the re-establishment
of the paternal governMent of the desceddaats of
lienry IV. M. Lynch, a former Magistrate in
the Parliament of I3ourdeaux, whom Providence
ha,; cilosu to give the signal, concerted 'with
M. Tisflard:ale St. Germain, Commissioner of
hi; Majesty Louis the Eighteenth, to profit'. hy
the first Moment..
,The arrival pf the Engliih.
army. in the French territory,„ the grand anal
generous sentiments of that nation which has saved
Europe from slavery and oppresiion,.every thing
induced a hope that the day of deliVerance was
approachilig. We were then informed that •his
Royal flightless M. the Duke of Angoulerne bad
arrived at the army. The descendant of 'Henry
IV. the husband cf ber Royal Highness the (laugh-
ter of Louis XVI. had entered St. Jean de Litz.
The Royal Council decreed, that 11L•de Laroche
Jacquelin and.M. Quiriaux should repair to his
Royal Highness to receive his orders, and confer
with Lord Wellington. Hii Lordship, devoted to
the Bourbons, promised all the necessary succours to
support the true Royalists. M. George Boutempa
de Berri was sent ,to entreat his Royal. High-
ness to proceed to Bourdeaux. Lord Wellington
caused a column to march immediately upon Bour-
deaux ; he entrusted the command to Marshal Be-
resford, as strenuous an adVocate for the restora-
tion of Louis XVIII. as his Lordship. As soon
as the. King's Commissioner and M. Lynch were
certain otfhe arrival of the generous Allies, every
thing was prepared to receive them in a signal
manner, worthy of them, worthy of the King
whom they ',adjust restored, and of the Bourde-
lais, who•wished to afford a great proof of their
devotedness. . Estafettes were sent to the Mar-
shal, and deputies sent off to coninumicate the
wishes of the Bordelais to his Royal Highness.—
What a lumpiness for us, brave Gascons, to have
beers. the-first to lay at the feet of the Prince the
homage of fidelity and respect t _ •
As soon'as the Marshal had arrived at Pont de
Ia Maye, Colonel Vivian was sent to the Mayor
to announce to him that the Marshal considered
himself as entering_an allied city, obedient to his
Majesty Louis XVIII. He immediately received
this assurance, and M. L3nch, and the Assistants,
escorted by a royal guard without uniform, went
out to' meet the Marshal. The white cockade
was- immediately displayed, the white standard
waved upon 'the tower of
.Saint Michael, and
the Mayor addressed a speech to the Marshal;.
whieb, expressive of the wishes of the Bor-
delais, penetrated the hearts of all that could
hear it. What a charm it was to see him take
off his scarf, assume the ancient embleM of the
French, and hoist the white cockade, symbol of hap-
piness and peace l Cries of " Vice Roi," repeated
and re-echoed, often interrupted the Mayor. The
Marshal _repeated with an affectionate tone the pro-
mise made by Lord Wellington. The procession
then began to, Hotel de Ville ; the peopleiire-
ceded 'their deliverers in crowds ; cries of '' Vivent
les Bourbons! Honour to the English ; Long live
the Mayor," succeeded each other without ceas-
ing : content'appeared in every countenance ; tears
of joy burst from every eye : a happier day
dawned upon us. The Marshal, upon his ar-
rival at the Hotel de Ville, received the Assistants
to the Mayor and the King's Commissioner, de-
corated with the Royal scarf-, who were presented
by the Mayor. The. General gave
,freSh. assurances
of the protection of his Myra-nation.
-But theacelamations of the people and every
heart demanded the prince ; every one Wished to
see the Nephew of the King—every one desired
to expresso his affection for him. At that very
tnOment M. the Duke de Guiche arrived', to an-
nounce that his Royal HiOmess would be at Boor-
- deaux•before three o'clock, and that he would re-
pair in the first place to the Cathedral. This news
was soon repeated by a thousand voices—fresh
cries 'of Vice .le Roi were heard on all 'sides and
throughout the city. The joy was general. Nu-
merousAetachments of young royalists set off to
meet his Royal Highness, and the Mayor pro-
ceeded in his carriage with the King's Commis-
sioner. The Assistants and a part of the Munici-
pal Council accompanied them. The crowd was im-
mense. Asi*,oem as they came within sight of his
Royal Highness, the MayOr and his companions
alightozl. M. Lynch harangued his Royal High-
ness, and receive;La reply worthy of the descend-
ant- of Henry Oblivion of the past—hap-
piness for the future." Such are the sentiments
of the Bourbons, such the will of the King and
of all time Princes. His Royal Highness pro-
ceeded. to the cathedral, but the crowd tilled every
street .; all would see the Prince. lie stopped
eve, y milnite to let the people enjoy a sight of
him. The Archbishop waited for his Ito'yal'lligh-
nest at tie grand gate of the cathedral`; all the
Cathedral was crammed, and it was not till near
an hour that the Prince until' get to. cite.-sanc-
tuary. The -sacredness of the place etiaild not.
check the acclamations ; cries of " ,Vive le Roi"
stopped the ceremony. re Drum was sung and
repeated ley all hearts. His Royalllighnegs
ins to prove to the Bordelais how much he ,was
touched with these expressions, repaired to the
Hotel (16 Ville,. to -charge- the Magistrates- to de-
clare his deepest satisfaCtion. Cries of " Vice le
Bourbon!" and " Vice le Roi!" preceded and fol-
lowed him everywhere

PROCLAMATION.

IN THE NAME or TOc<ING.---TEIP. DUKE

GOULLNIE TO THE FRENCH ARMY.

Soldiers ! I ant arrived—l ttit is France—in
that France so dear to me ! I come to break your
fetters come to unfold the white standard—that
,CpUtieN:z staudard which your fathers follosted with
tr,iwsport—rally round it, brave FretYeintrtt?; athr
ht us all march to the overthrow of fvruinv.

tieuerals, officers, and soldiers, who shall range
