//,Z

WIT II WHICH 111!E " TRUE SUN" IS NOW INCORPORATED.

No. 14,420.

LONDON. MONDAY EVEING, NOVEMBER 26, 1838

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

terest,lit is stated that Prince Metternich, who is a Knight
of Malta also, was often seen wearing the brilliant uniform
of the Order during the coronation at Milan. M. de Met-
ternich, at all events, has always shown a marked predi-
lection for this costume, for he wore it often at the Court
of Napoleon.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Pants, NOVEMBER 24.
rive per Cents.. llef. 45c. 50c.
three per Cents , 81f. 75c. 80c.
Bank Actions, 2,715 f. 2,725 f.
Rente tde Naples, 102 f. 1 c.
Roman Five per Cents., 101% 102 1013.
Spanish Actives, 17 17%%%.
Spanish Passives, 3%.
Spanish Differes,
Belgian Five per Cents., 103 102 g,
Belgian Three per Cents., 73f. 15c. 20c.
Belgian Bank, 1,470 f.
Haytian Lane. 415 f.
EXCHANOR ON LONDON.
o..ie month, rper, 25f. 32!%c.; money, 25f.30c.
"wren months, paper, 25f. ; money, 25'. 20c.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 110 f. 50c.
Three per Cents., 81f. 80c. •
Batik Actions, 2,725 f,
Romans, 102.
Belgian Loan, 102%.
Belgian Bank, 1,470 f.
Portuguese Three per Cents., 20%.
Spanish Actives, 17%.
Spanish Differes,
_illytilishriPLeasasinv,e4s,l%. •

FRANCE.

The British Government having been apprised by the
authorities of St. Mary, River Gambia, of the services
rendered by M. Dupuis, surgeon of the French navy,
during the prevalence of the epideray which lately ravaged
that colony, had sent him, through the medium of the Am-
bassador of England. in Paris, a rich gold snuff-box, in
grateful acknowledgment of the zeal and disinterestedness
he displayed on that occasion. In the inside of the box
is engraven the following inscription :—" Presented by her
Majesty, the Queen of Great Britain and Iceland to Dr.
Dupuis, as a testimony of gratitude for the important
services which he gratuitously rendered in 1837, in his
medical capacity, to the subjects of her Majesty residing
in the British establishments on the River Gambia."---
Moniteur.

SPAIN.

SAN SEBASTIAN, NOV. 9.—Munagorri, who, as

wrote you, has been prevented from entering Spain,
through Christino intrigue, returned to Sarre a few days
ago, where the Fuerists are in the same contonments as
they were previous to their march upon Valcarlos. It is
talked of that he is shortly to cross the frontiers in the
vicinity of our lines ; and although it cannot be denied that
his presence in the Carlist territory would do more to un-
d-mnine the authority of the Pretender than all the Chris-
tino Commander-in-Chief has been able to effect, yet I
doubt not but the same jealousy which interfered with him
on a former occasion would be again exerted to frustrate his
plans and ruin his project. Should affairs change I will
not fail to witness his entree, whatever his reception.

Our only news from Bilboa is contained in the enclosed
translation of a despatch received from General Achavala
by General O'Donnell.
I have reason to think that General O'Donnell will take
advantage of the absence of the eight battalions mentioned,
and make an attempt upon some part of the coast, possibly
in the vicinity of Ascoytia, to which place the Pretender
has returned from Villa Franca de Guipuscoa.
Terraguel, the Carlist bandit chief, has effected the cap-
ture of an escort consisting of twenty-five cavalry, who
were conveying 1,500,000 rials from Pau to Saragossa.
Five of the escort were killed in defending their charge ;
the remaining twenty were made prisoners and shot. With
this escort were a Lieutenant7general, three attorneys, and
three deputies, who are to suffer the same fate, if they
cannot be ransomed within a few clays. Such are the men
employed by Don Carlos.
" To his Excellency General O'Donnell, Commandant-
General of Guipuscoa.
_ _

" Most Excellent Sir—Maroto passed this neighbour-
hood in the direction of Durango on the 12th instant,
escorted by one squadron of cavalry and the company of
guides which he lately organised. On the same day eight
battalions were seen moving in the direction of Alava, con-
sisting of two Castilian, two Guipuscoan, two Navarese,
and two Alavanese. These have been detached from the
cantonments about Balmaceda, leaving but five battalions
in that neighbourhood.
" This I make known to your Excellency for your infor-
inatioa and guidance.
" I have just had information that 300 infantry, dis-
persed from the faction of Merino, have arrived at the
Vega de Paz. I believe this dispersion to have been caused
by our troops.
" God preserve your Excellency.
(Signed) " MIGUEL ACHAVALA.
" Bilbao. Nov. 15."

The following document, on which the official journal
of the Pretender has various observations, is at this moment
the subject of all conversation at the Carlist head-quarters.
Though it is difficult to prove its authenticity, it is not
amiss to lay it before our readers. We trinslate literally
the text of this document, as it appears in the Bulletin of
Navarre and the Biscayan Provinces of Nov. 16 :
" Copy of the Order communicated at Cadiz and the
other ports of the Mediterranean, on the occasion of a visit
to those coasts, by the Secretary of the English Legation
at Madrid.

" Having been informed that Don Sebastian Olozaga
has set out from Paris for Cadiz and Gibraltar, and that
Mr. Southern, Private Secretary to the English Legation,
intends to visit the coasts of the south of Spain, the Go-
vernment of his Majesty fears that if these two persons
meet at Cadiz, it can only be with the intention of disturb-
ing the public peace, as they did in 1835 ; I send you this
intelligence, that you may watch with tho strictest pru-
dence, and observe the movements of the above-mentioned
persons."
The Balearic Islands are declared in a state of siege.—
Constitulionnel of Nov. 24.

-
41,1 i
4. • -
k (AV 'Pi r
un
4._
44". , 0- S:0; (1101,i
' •
1.4
„ {4' .4411111 i
t ' •re,
.r,,,.1":14/4 17 A," ‘• 17;'S
`

THE FRENCH CANADIANS.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE "SPECTATOR."

PRICE sd.

please, and are to have special passports for that purpose'
and they, in all ports of the empire, are to be treated ac-
cording to customs established in favour of other friendly
nations. Consuls a►e to be mutually appointed in the
ports of each country. It is especially stipulated that no
Belgian subject is to be reduced to slavery in the Ottoman
Empire, and also that no Ottoman subject skall be made a
slave in Belgium. Property of persons dying in the coun-
try of the other contracting Power is to be given up to the
charge of the Consuls ; and jurisdiction in cases of litiga-
tion, or of pursuit for crimes between Belgium
and Turkish subjects in Turkey, is to be placed
in the hands of the Consuls, or other superior diplo-
matic officers. The' vessels of war of the two coun-
t tries are to observe all the usual courtesies towards each
1 other ; but Belgium is in no case to lend her flag to ves-
sels of other nations ; nor is she ever to shelter rayas in
Turkey from the lawful authorities. Perfect reciprocity of
privileges equal to those enjoyed by the most favoured na-
tions is granted to the merchant vessels of both powers ;
and Belgian merchant ships are to be allowed to pass freely
into the Black Sea with any merchandise whatsoever, pro-
vided that it is not of a kind prohibited iti the Ottoman
empire. A reservation is made by Belgium in favour of
her own fisheries and of the salt trade ; and several minor
reciprocal stipulatlons for the regulation of the coasting,
and cart.) ing trade are also made. In no case are the ves-
sels of either nation to be forced to transp3rt troops or
warlike stores by the other power ; and mutual protection
is to be given by each power to vessels of the other against
corsairs or in case of distress, &e.--A Bill to sanction this
Treaty has been proposed by the Belgian Government to
the Chamber of Representatives.

London, Nov. 22.
SIR—In a letter from Mr. Roebuck to yourself, which
you published on the 10th inst., it is asserted, on the
authority of Mr. Lafontaine and Mr. Davignon, that I was
employed by Lord Durham to negotiate with Mr. Papineau.
Mr. Roebuck says—" An agent, well known to be em-
ployed by Lord Durham's Administration, who is actually
and openly in communication with his Chief Secretary,
and who also formally reports his proceedings—this man is
sent to Mr. Papineau, the denounced traitor, in order to
devise plans for the re-establishment of the Constitution
and the arrangement of the affairs of the province so as to
content the people."
Mr. Roebuck has been grossly imposed upon. This
statement does not contain one word of truth. I never
was employed by Lord Durham, or by any person belong.
ing to his Government, to communicate with Mr. Papineau,
or with any other of the accused, upon any subject what-
ever. I never made any " report,' either by writing
or verbally, either to Lord Durham or any one be-
longing to his Government, upon the subject, or any
part of the subject in question. For a confirmation
of this statement I might appeal to Lord Durham, and to
every one attached to his commission.

This statement, how( ver, requires some explanation.
The assertion made by Mr. Roebuck, on the authority
of two of his clients, is not so much a pure invention as
it is a gross perversion of the truth. But, excepting upon
one point (which I shall notice presently), it may be that
the truth has not been wilfully perverted. I must, there-
fore, having contradicted Mr. Roebuck's assertion, tell the
whole truth.

For a long while before the rebellion in Lower Canada
I had deeply sympathised with the majority of the people
as represented by the House of Assembly. I imagined,
rather fully believed, along with yourself and many eminent
Liberals in this country, that the contest in Lower Canada
resembled the dispute between England and her old colo-
nies in America ; that the great majority of the colonists
were struggling for popular principles and good government,
against an arbitrary, corrupt, and oppressive faction ; that
the act of the Imperial Government which violated the Ca-
nadian Constitution would justify a rebellion ; and that if
rebellion for such a cause should succeed, every friend
of liberty in the world would have as good ground for
rejoicing as when Luther vanquished the religious des-
potism of Rome, and Washington established the United
States of America. Such were my impressions before
the rebellidn. The remarkable facility with which that
rebellion was crushed first led me to suspect that my
view of Canadian affairs must have been erroneous ; but I
could not tell in what respect erroneous, and I therefore
entered the colony with a strong feeling of goodwill and
compassion towards those whose want of energy or neglect
of preparation alone, as it then seemed to Inc, had pre-
vented them from maintaining sacred rights by an appeal to
the sword. With this feeling and with an anxious desire,
moreover, to learn the truth, the whcle truth, and nothing
but the truth, with respect to Canadian affairs, I seized
every opportunity of intercourse with members of the soi-
disant Liberal party. By the aid of Colonel Simpson (Mr. '
Roebuck's stepfather), I was placed upon terms of frank
and friendly communication with most of the leaders of that
party. They met my advances with an appearance of
great cordiality. I passed hours and days in their society,
especially with Mr. Lafontaine of Montreal and Mr. Morin,
of Quebec, who in the absence of Mr. Papineau may be
considered the leading men of the party. With these
gentlemen, and many others, I often discussed the whole
subject of Canadian politics. I spoke to them without
the least reserve or caution on every part of the sub-
ject, and believed that they spoke as frankly to me.
Our intercourse was frequent, and rather cordial and
intimate, than merely candid and frank. In this man-
ner, without excluding any part of the subject, we talked
of the past, the present, and the future—of the causes
of the rebellion and its failure—of the prisoners and
refugees—of the chances of punishment or impunity for
classes or individuals—and of the prospects of the colony
immediate and remote.
In the course of these discussions I became convinced
that Mr. Lafontaine and his friends were bent on pursuing
a course which would be most injurious to the colony, and
especially to the whole race of French Canadians. They
appeared to me to be profoundly ignorant of their own
position, and thoroughly devoid of judgment as leaders of
their party. I told them so in the plainest terms, and fre-
quently in the presence of Colonel Simpson, who entirely
agreed with me.

It was then that I determined on endeavouring to see
Mr. Papineau. I wished to have the same unreserved
communication with him as I had with his friends. Still
impelled by a sentiment of good will and compassion
towards the Canadians, I cherished a hope that Mr. Pa-
pineau might exert his powerful influence in diverting the
other leaders of his countrymen from a course which, in
my humble judgment, would produce greater calamities
than yet had happened. With this hope, and furnished
with a letter from Colonel Simpson, I went to Saratoga,
expecting to find Mr. Papineau there. He was absent,
and I returned to Canada, leaving Colonel Simpson's let-
ter with Mr. Cowan, an American friend of Mr. Papi-
neau, and a message to the effect that I would return, in
case he should wish to see me. While. at Saratoga I con-
versed fully and frankly with Dr. Davignon on the subject
of Canadian affairs.

Such was the nature of my intercourse with the leaders
of the French Canadian party. But I have now to add,
that Lord Durham was totally ignorant of my journey to
Saratoga ; that I never repeated to him or to any one con-
nected with his mission, any of the conversations that had
passed between me and those gentlemen ; that I never
made any report, of. any sort or kind, to anybody, upon
any of the subjects of those conversations, or upon the
views, dispositions, or wishes of the persons who had ad-
mitted me to such confidential and friendly intercourse ;
and, finally, that during the course of that intercourse I
took several opportunities of solemnly assuring those who I
met—and often in the presence of Colonel Simpson—that I
had no mission from Lord Durham, or from any one con-
nected with him ; that I spoke for myself alone, as a well-
wisher of theirs, who had a right to say and do what he pleased
without reference to Lord Durham ; and, above all, that
they might be sure I should carefully abstain from repeating
to Lord Durham or others any part of their conversations
with me. I said this the more emphatically, because it ap-
peared upon one or two occasions that they hoped to
convey to Lord Durham, through me, some expression of
their own opinions and wishes. I over and over again
told them that I would never, for any purpose, act as an
agent between them and the Government. May be al-
lowed the satisfaction of adding, that Lord Durham, by
never asking me a question about my intercourse with the
French Canadian leaders, showed that he believed me in-
capable of playing the spy for him or anybody else.
With respect to the specific statement in Mr. Davigdr's
letter to his brother, as to my having made a report (a a
fait itn rapport) to Mr. Buller, and having expressed before
Mr. Buller and Mr. Lafontaine a certain opinion upon
the case of Dr. Davignon, I have only to repeat that. I
never made any report, nor did anything like makmgas
report to Mr. Buller and to say that
I di▪ d not
which his
express
the opinion with respect to Dr. Davignon,
brother, writing confidentially and on the report of another,
has attributed to me. If j believed the mi▪
sstatement to
