Ctir ~.2; Zit***

LONDON,
TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 26, 1833.

In the House of Commons last night, the
Naval Estimates were the chief topics of consi-
deration. Mr. HOME objected to them on the
principle that a knowledge of ways and means
should precede any expenditure of public money,
but his motion was opposed by Lord ALTHORP
for the reason, that as the financial year closes
on the sth of April, it is impossible, until it
is at an end, for any Chancellor of the Exche-
quer to tell the House the exact position in
which it stands as respects its financial means.
Mr. Humes motion consequently fell to the
ground.

lirthe course of the discussion, Sir E. COD -
RINGTON made some spirited allusion to the
unfair way in which pensions, &c., were distri-
buted to the members of the naval profession
that some were overpaid (especially those in the
civil department of the navy), and others, among
whom were officers of acknowledged skill
gallantry and experience, as much underpaid.
The Gallant Admiral went on to comment on
the retiring salary paid to Mr. CROKER and the
pension to his niece, which brought forward
Mr. GOULBURN, who, in the true spirit of
chivalry, took up the gauntlet in defence of
the Right Hon. Ex-Secretary.

The Sixth Report of the Petition Committee
is now before us, and presents the astounding
number of 462 petitions and 309,245 signa-
tures against the Irish Disturbances Bill. Of
these the most remarkable are those from Mac-
clesfield, with 2,737 signatures ; Templemichael
and Langton, with 1,259; Kilarenly, Wicklow,
with 1,108 ; Arklow, 1,182 ; Todmorden,
1,810 ; Sedgley, 1,035 ; Wigan, 4,276 ; South
Shields, 1,007 ; Bradford, 2,337 ; Templemore,
1.216 ; Salford, 3.423 ; Kill and Kilmanahan,
1,915 ; Merthyr 1) dvil, 4,710 ; P:eston, 1,535
Colne, 3,220 ; Kidderminster, 2,004 ; S:. Ca.;
therine, Dublin, 1,866; Rochdale, 4,496 ; Lon-
donderry, 1,467; Dub1in,16,598; Bury, 2,400 ;
Youths of Galway, 1,396; Newry, 1,860 ; Kt' -
rennv, 1,112; Tallow, 1,550; Bossninagan and
Kilnahugh, 1,124 ; Nottingham, 7,376 ; Bel-
last, 5,606 ; Council and Associates of the
Northern Political Union, 16,563 ; and Belper,
Derby, 2,616. The Sabbath Petitions amount
to 198, and the signatures to 49.192. Those
praying for the abolition of slavery to 115, and
have 32,254 signatures. Those in favour of
the Factories' Bill are 29 in number, and are
signed by 31,329 persons.

At length, after occupying nearly two months
of the first session of a Reformed Parliament,
to the exclusion ofahnost all the other important
measures that urgently claim the attentio❑ of
the Legislature, the IRISH BILL (much modi-
fied, as we predicted), has passed through the
Committee of the House of Commons. Had
this time been devoted to discussing and passing
remedial measures, more might have been
already effected towards the permanent tranquil-
lization of Ireland than the Bill is ever likely to
accomplish. O❑ nearly every division, however,
the Bill has been supported by fearful majori-
ties, the Tories having united with the Govern-
ment, from a double motive, first, an inherent
love of despotism, and secondly, an eagerness to
aid the Goveinment in passing a Bill that could
not fail to damage them in the estimation of the

reflecting pint of the public. By this unnatural

union the II ish Members have, as it were, been

swamped, forty-seven Irish Members having
voted against the 10,h clause (the courtmartial
clause) while the combined influence of Minis.
ters, Tories, and Orangemen was only able to
induce 18 to vote in its favour, though the gross
majority was 140.

There is something contradictory in the pro-
visions of the Bill—its avowed objects, and the
arguments adduced in its support. The law is
violated in Ireland, and, by way of remedy, the
Bill deprives the Irish people of the benefit of
all law, and delivers them over to courtsmartial.
The Bill, ostensibly brought forward to re-
press violence, as originally framed, authorized
acts (the breaking open of houses, imprisonment
in private dwellings, &c.) of greater violence
than any its enforcement could hope to put
down !

One of the alleged grounds on which the Bill
is attempted to be justified, is, that in Ireland
jurors and witnesses are so intimidated that it is
impossible culprits can be tried, or the law en-
forced ; nevertheless, out of 38 cases cited, 37
convictions were obtained ; and, during the
protracted discussions on the Bill, the law has
asserted its supremacy, and practically refuted
this calumny, juries having been empannelled,
witnesses attended and examined, convictions
obtained and enforced, up to the hour of our
penning these remarks.

When Mr. STANLEY introduced the Bill
into the House of Commons, did he address
himself to the calm dispassionate reason of the
Members ?—No. He began with a flourish
(hailed with cheers by his Tory allies), that if
the Bill did not pass (right or wrong) Ministers
would resign ! Instead of the understanding,
he appealed to the fears men entertain of the
return of a Tory Government, in order to insure
the passing of a worse than Tory Bid ! The
threat he uttered, however, receiled on himself ;
and, in the sequel, he found it expedient to
implore the House to grant him their con-
fidence, and not to throw out the Bill—that,
we presume, he might be saved from the same
fate. When the Bill shall be passed, what will
be the state of time remedial measures brought
forward and promised ? The Irish Church
Reform Bill has been stayed by a technicality,
though many Members were induced to support

the Coercive Bill, on the faith that this and
other remedial measures were to accompany it ;
and on the subject of tithes—that all-important
matter to the peace of Ireland—nothing is yet
clearly or distinctly known of the inten-
tions of Government. In order to get the
Coercive Bill through the Committee, it is true
that a measure has been promised to afford
relief ; but fears are generally entertained, in
circles usually well informed, that the promised
measure will at best prove only a half measure,
and intended to perpetuate, in some new shape,
rather than abate, that grievous nuisance. Indeed
many persons most conversant with Irish affairs
and politics, still confidently assert that the
great object of the Coercive Bill, is to enforce
the collection of tithes ; and we confess, looking
at Mr. STANLEY'S conduct since he has been
Irish Minister, there appears much to justify
such apprehensions.
In a former session the Right Hon. Gentle-
man, in the ardour of debate, when the honest
feelings of an Englishman momentarily over-
came those of the Irish Secretary, pronounced
that tithes were extinguished, thus tantalizing
the Irish people with hope, only to make them
feel the bitterness of disappointment ; for he
almost immediately brought in a Bill to enforce
the collection of tithe ; that was followed by
thousands of oppressive prosecutions which, in
most cases, proved abortive, and then came the
Coercive Bill ! Moreover, the reply of Mr.
STANLEY, when taxed in the House with
having bro ,ght forward the Bill to enforce the
collection of tithe, is remarked to have been
invariably weak, evasive, and equivocal; he
denies, it is true, that the Bill is so intended,
but his denial is always qualified with the an-
nouncement that the Bill is intended to protect
property, and (inter alia) the property of the
CHURCH—expretsions from the lips of Mr.
STANLEY, that, looking to the past and the
future, appear of painfully expressive impart.
The good sense and right feeling of the country,
however, there is little doubt, will ultimately in-
sure these maters being placed on a sound and
proper footing.

We learn on good authority that the Pedroites
have succeeded in landing eighty-seven bullocks
and some ammunition at Oporto. As regards
the affair of the 4th, the latest accounts con-
firm the intelligence that it was attended with
very disastrous consequences to the Miguelites,
who first made the sortie with a body of 6,000
men, for the purpose of dispossessing the Pe-
droites of a redoubt between the Foz and
Oporto, but were repulsed after a hot contest,
with the loss, as is conjectured, of about 1,000
killed, wounded, and prisoners.

A most numerous meeting of the Vestrymen
of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. George, Bloomsbury,
assembled in vestry yesterday, pursuant to special notice,
for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety
of petitioning Parliament for the Repeal of the House and
Window Tax, when it was resolved, that a petition fiorn
the vestry, and other inhabitant householders, be forthwith
prepared and presented, on this imptstant suoject.

CUMBERLAND ELECTION.—We have re-
ceived from Coekermouth the following copy of the state
of the poll at the final close of the second day, Fridly
16,4—AGLIONBY, 1,600. Gross majority fur
IRTON, 84. The bribery has been most shameful. A
sho,maker in the neighbourhood i f Marypurt has received
an order for 13 pair, of shoes, at 30,. a pair. At Keswick
the bribery oath was tendered to one man, and he thirst
not take it From Egretnont the agent writes to ray that
there were nutn.rous eases of bribery in the course of the
day.— Carlisle Journal.

Green peas made their first appearance this
season at Covent garden market yesterday morning. They
were grown in Norfolk. Fir a small punnet, containing
p ids, ten shillings were asked, being at the rate of
three halfpence for each pea.

At the Princess ',LEVEN'S ball on Thursday,
Lady STUART DE ROTHSAY dise.rvered, on retiring to hi r
carriage, that she had lost an aigrette of diamonds of in -
mense value, and several other ladies lost their jewels. Vk e
undersrand, however, that all the missing valuables were
afterwards found in the apartments of Ashburnham House,
after a minute search.

i
INSOLVENT COURT.—(THIS D--k)0
---0.-- hv
The Rev. John Scott of Bromley was oppesed ", ,shoemaker,-gor
Moxon, a shoemaker, and creditor of the insolventSe'tt w• tic
Moxon had brought an action against Mr. or
nine guineas (his original debt), was paid Wl'
got a power of attorney, which afterwards turned out
~00,
worth nothing, for the balance and expenses of the OP e,
In the schedule it appeared that the insolvent, at the tbe,ti.,le
contracted the debt, was dealing with four tradesmen in
i
e•
The COURT said it could not entertain the objection, en(
petitioner having compromised his claim by receiving psi°
of part, and taking security for the remainder of hiss
dis debtchl .
_,...,
The insolvent's father also appeared to oppose hit;
but at the earnest recommendation of the Court, consent,"
some arrangement with his son

DAY.)
