ON GREECE.

Ten thousand Turks, called in to the defence
of the Peloponnesus, refused to surrender the
trust confided to their good faith. Such is the
original title of the Grand Seignior to the pos-
session of reeve. Oppressions, rapines, spolia-
tions, the carrying away of women, young girls,
and children, the destruction of temples, the de-
vastation of the fields, the burning of towns, and
death in every form,—these, for nearly four cen-
turies, have been the fresh titles by which the Em-
perors of Constantinople have maintained them-
selves in the possession of that classic land of
civilization and liberty.

It was supposed that the Princes of Christen-
dom regarded with a favourable eye the resolu-
tion taken by the Greeks, for the twentieth
time since their slavery to resort to the last
means heft to a people to shake off the yoke of
tyranny. But the Cabinets of Europe have re-
futed this imputation as an insult ; they have
abstained from all salutary advice, from any ge--
nerous assistance. Their conduct need not, per-
haps, excite surprise, for it is not to afford assist-
. Once to the people• that they take up arms, and
negociate: and who does not know that the le-
gitimacy Turk is 'protected against
the of
faith of thee Grand'Clltl
stians of the East?
Not less jealous of the honour of his country
than diplomatists are of the .honour of the ca-
binets of Christendom, a
Greek, NicoLo PouLo,
proves,in a short•patnn-hlet just published, that
aloneby
Greeks was, conceived
the glorious design
of withdrawing the worshippers of the Cross from
the tyranny-of the worshippers of the Crescent
Without subsidies, without. foreign soldiers, com-
pelled to contend not only against the Turks,
but• also against the secret auxiliaries which the
followers of Maliomet possess among Christian
Princes, they owe to themselves alone the en-
franchisement of the Peloponnesus, and of those
islands and provinces whence the Turks have
been expelled.
A nother Procida, the Greek Ituto as, born about
1753, at Valastinos, a small towu of Thessaly,
was the first author of this glorious rising. After
having acquired considerable literary attain-
ments, and obtained by commerce a large for-
tune,
lie went to Bucharest to meditate on the
means of delivering his unfortunate and beauti-
ful country from the Mussulman yoke. Full of
energy and activity, enjoying great consideration
among the most distinguished men of his nation,
and possessing, in the highest degree, a corn-
mand of language, he was of opinion that the
best mews of giving the insurrection a general
and uniform impulse was to forth an extensive
• secret association on the Continent and in the
islands. Soon Bishops and Archbishops, rich
merchants, men of letters, land and sea officers,
the elite of the Greek nation, and several stran-
gers devoted to the cause of humanity and civi-
lization, entered into this society. Powerful
Turks, among others the famous PASSWAN-
OGLOU, were inrolled in it; for enlightened
men of every religion are the natural enemies of
those also_ lute which threaten the
fortunes, the liveS of all, and under which virtue,
fidelity, obedience, and silence are not in less
peril than complaint and revolt. After the foun-
dation of the-Association had been laid, RutoAs,
to his misfortune, went to settle at Vienna, where
he established a secret correspondence with his
co-associates, published a Greek Journal for the
instruction of his countrymen, and translated se-
veral French works into modern Greek. He
compose 4 in a-popular style, short poems calcu-
lated to nourish in the minds of the young Ilel-
lenes a hatred of slavery, and love of glory ; he
prepared and caused to be engraved a large map
of Greece, in which all the celebrated towns and
places are (lesivaced by their ancient, as well-as
their modern name..

Whilst engagcd in these occupations, a perfi-
dious Greek denounced RumAs and eight of his
friends to the Austrian Government. This Go-
vernment was not menaced by any .of these gene-
rous men who, at the risk of their lives and for-
tunes, were preparing the deliverance of their
countrymen ; nor could it reproach them with
any crime. In the time of the crusades,
they would have been placed at the head of
the phalanxes, armed against the oppressors of
Christians in the East ; but, in 1798, they were
arrested in the capital of a Christian State, and
by order of its Government, sent to Constantino-
ple to be delivered Up to the ferocious agents of
the Grand Seignior! Fortunately for these noble-
minded victims, their conductors, fearful that
they might .be rescued by PAsswAN-OoLou, pre-
cipitated them into the. Danube. This death at
least spared . them the frightful torments which
awaited them at Constantinople. - C.

SPA I N.—The following Nan extract Ora letter
from Madrid, elated the Ist.inst.;--, The strictness with which
the order relatiye to the pap Ports is observed may be inferred
from the following facts. Ti is Majesty having conferred the-
Grand Cross -of the Order, of: St. .Ferdinand upon the Mi-
nister of War, the latter set Out the day
.before yesterday for
Aranjeuz, to .recelite..it frOm the,:hanos of his Majesty. • At
Valtlemoro, whero,:there,is-r.t ipilnary:pott...to prevent all per-
sons from passing .to Aratijetrz.withotg passports from the Cap...
tain-General .containing Ilie,King's permission, the Minister,
who. was in plain. clothes: was. stopped, and asked for his
passport.. He replied that he had not one, but on explaining to
the officer of the guard who he Nas,..l* was allowed to pass on.
On the circumstance being made known, the officer was censur-
ed, and put out of employment for the moment. The other in-
stance is that of the chief architect of the palace, who, having
been sent for by the. King, was stopped at the someplace, and
not having the required permit, was forced to return to Ma-
drid. The evening before his Majesty's departure, the Mi-
litary Executive Commission condemned to death Diego
Ortez, for having stolen some clothes, a watch, and other
articles, from some French officers. The unfortunate wretch
would have inevitably been hung, had not General Bourmont
interceded with his Majesty for a commutation of the punish-
ment. It is said that the Archbishop of Mexico, Don N.
Volunteers, n teletr s
is,
supposed who
theye d
Toute, has been nominated to the see of Toledo. Last night
all the issues of the street Del Principe were occupied by the
nwocroenheutnottalgssofurotnsolmnieneto
Relevenoral i sot'c
un-
fortunate Liberals."

G LUTTO N Y.-A correspondent has sent the
following account, which, if true, will, rival the feats of the
most monstrous gluttons on record. lie states that the story
was related to him by a person who was present when the hero
of the devoured the enormous quantity mentioned
man of the name of JOHN HEAD, who is now living at Wing,
called at Mr..SIRETT'S, at the Goat Public-house, Berkham-
sted, where he eat 4Albs. of beacon, two plates -of potatoes
Weighing 4lbs., a quartern loaf, two pepny rolls; lilb. of plumb
pudding, 2pb. of pickled salmon, (quite high) and washed the
whole down with four quarts of beer, in the short space of an
hour; the weight Of-the food and beer,. taken together, was
upwards of 241 b,

MR. OWEN.

(Continued from THE SUN of Saturday.)

External and .4rtfficial Circumstances Improvable

ad byinitum.

The external and artificial circumstances, or
the social arrangements, devised, arranged, put
in practice, and controuled, by minds conscious
of and properly understanding the first, and truly
divine principle of legislation, that the character
and conduct of man is, through life, the effect re-
sulting from the combined operation of the pecu-
liar constitution of each person, and the character
and conduct of society at the time he lives—the
multiplied powers of the latter always greatly
surpassing the individual influence of the for-

mcr—are those upon which Mr. Owen wholly
relies for the great and permanent improvement
which he proposes.—ln his various works he has
fully and ably developed his principles; and un-
derthethree general heads of " the formation
of character," " the creation of wealth," and
44 the new social structure to be founded and
reared thereon," he has thrown out lights upon
the philosophy of the human mind, upon 4he
powers and operative influence of science, and
upon the nature and rational object of political
.economy, which will serve to brighten times to
come, and gladden future generationc.
I The influence of education, in forming human
character, has not at any period, however (lark,
been considered as a subject for dispute : from
the age of Solomon, the wisest of Kings, to the
present day, the necessity of training up the
child in the way that it should go, has been uni-
versally recognized. All the facts and expe-
rience of the world concur, to furnish one great
and irresistible body of evidence, attesting the
undeviating results which follow from education ;
and while those facts and that experience stand
undeniably before the world, to prove that each
peculiar system of training will, when co-ope-
rating with natural circumstances, stamp a gene-
ral character upon nations, every individual of
our species evinces, in the watchful solicitude
and tender care which he bestows upon his off-
spring, the confidence which he places in the ulti-
mate fruits to be derived therefrom.

The universal admission of any specific effect,
naturally leads the mind into an inquiry as to
the cause or causes from which such effect is de-
ducible—the fruits of education being apparent,
the mental powers of man have been directed to
investigate the nature and quality of the soil from
which such productions have emanated—it has
been found susceptible of receiving and of fructi-
fying seeds, whetiter of good or of evil,to an
unlimited extent ; and it has likewise been found
to yield a return necessarily proportioned to the
culture which has been bestowed, allowing for
trifling varieties resulting from local peculiarities ;
it appears that any general character which is not
inconsistent with the internal and natural cir-
cumstances of the human being, may be impressed
upon him by the force of external agencies—
from this discovery, which seems to flow neces-
sarily from a fair analysis 'of our nature, a great
advance is made towards the amelioration of the
human condition—the power of forming univer-
sally good characters, seems to be the first and
most essential step towards the attainment of ge-
neral and individual happiness ; and the experi-
ments which have lately been made, and those
which are at this moment in progress, lend a con-
firmation strong to the hope of its uniform prac-
ticability.
The creation of wealth, by the combined
powers of industry and science, involves within
its circle a mass of circumstances for the promo-
tion of human happiness, each of which, like the
diverging rays emanating from the great fountain
of light and heat, will send joy and abundance

into the lap of misery, and diffuse amongst the
children of earth, gladness, peace, and content—

it will aid the progress of morality by removing
temptation to evil, it will assist the progress of
science, by multiplying the agents of research—

the social structure, or the system of political
economy which wisdom would build, when fur-
nished with such materials as general good cha-
racter, and unlimited real wealth, would differ
much from any which has yet been devised for
the advantage of the human race ; and the combi-
nation of circumstances which would rest upon such
pillars, Might defy the power of time to weaken
it. Yes—the system founded upon a knowledge
of our nature, and of'the means of satisfying the
demands and wishes.of that nature must progres-
sively advance in a course of unceasing improve-
ment, and as we can fancy no termination to the
progressive march of knowledge, so we can con.
ceive no limits or boundary to the improvement
of our species.
The Means of Ameliorating the Human Condi-
tion to be found in the Arrangement of Cir..
cumstances as proposed by Mr. OWEN, which
Arrangements will be found to be derived from
a Knowledge of Human Natures and to be
*consistent with the present State of human At.
tainments.

That the social condition of man has not hi-
therto been such as to furnish him in any part of
the known world, or at any period of his past
history, with those advantages which his nature
desires, and which it is capable of obtaining, is a
position which will he conceded by all classes,
sects, and parties ; that an amelioration is loudly
and justly demanded by the unanimous voice of
mankind will be equally admitted by all. How
is the amelioration to be effected, and by what
means are the desired advantages to be obtain-
ed ? Various and innumerable have been the
modifications of society at different periods, and
in different parts of the world ; and it would
seem that human intelligence has been nearly
exhausted in the unsuccessful attempts to create
and to secure the well-being of our species—that
the course hitherto pursued has been founded in
error, we are tempted by its failure to believe ;
and, with Stewart, we are disposed to assert,
that by the study of human nature
:,alone, we
can expect to obtain the solid and permanent
improvements which we seek. With him we
believe, that the edifice of society can be sub-
stantial, can be durable, can be beauticul, in pro-
portion only as it is reared upon the principles

which are to be found in the constitution of
mankind.

The new views of human nature which hare
been unfolded by Mr. Owen, and which remain
uncontradicted by any fact, or by any fair rea-
soning, are the foundations upon which his system
of social arrangements is reared. His philoso-
phical researches, both speculative and experi-
mental, into the nature of the human being—hill
practical experience of the results to be obtained
by the course which he has adopted in the train-
ing and treatment of that being—his correct.
knowledge of the power of science, and of the
extent to which the useful arts may be rendered
available to the human species, has enabled him
to combine a form of social arrangements, which,
under the name of " The New System," or the.
science of 7hurrian happiness, demands, and Well
may claim the serious attention of the ruling
authorities of these realms, who may be disposed
to promote the amelioration of -the condition of
mankind.

Should his system be found to have its basis
in truth, should it be found consistent in all its
details, should his analysis of human nature be
found correct, and his views of society consistent.
with the principles of that nature, and with the
present state of human attainments, then may We
hope that the permanent and effective ameliord-
tion of the human condition is not so distant,
unattainable, as it has been sometimes repre-
sented. Then may we look wi,h confidence to
the slow but certain march of time, for securing
to mankind those advantages which nature, aided
by the lights of reason and of knowledge, would
bestow, but which the darkness and errors of
past centuries have hitherto withheld.
I shall conclude with another quotation from
Stewart, a philosopher whose mind has never
wandered into the regions of romance, and whose
judgment to cool, as his intelligence is pene-
trating

" The long reign of error in the world, and
the influence it maintains even in an age of libe-
ral inquiry, far from being favourable to the sup-
position, that human reason is destined to be for
ever the sport of prejudice and absurdity, de-
monstrates the tendency which there is to per-
manence in established opinions and in esta-
blished institutions, and promises an eternal sta-
bilitN to true philosophy, when it shall once have
acquired the ascendant, and when proper
shall be employed to support it by a more per-
fect system of education."(Siewart's Element°,
part 2, sec. 1, ut supra.) means
--

From the LO NDO N GAZETTE, April 17.

At the Court at Carlton House, the 7th of April 1824, pre-
sent, the King's Most Excellent Majesty in Council.
This clay the Right Hon. William Noel Hill was, by his
Majesty's command, sworn of his Majesty's most Honourable
Privy Council, and took his place at the Board accordingly.

BANKRUPTCY ENLARGED.
A. M. Wolff; King's Arms-yard, London, merchant, froth
April 20 to June 1, at eleven, at the Court of Commissioner*.
BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. •
E. Watts, Yeovil, Somersetshire, butcher.
BANKRUPTS.
J. Gilbert, George-lane, Botolph-lane, merchant, to surren-
„rid eir Assiopnrirls2.4,
taoyr
12r
.9,Rauts
ht
Celrvoew,
na-ct
uthr
te, Court.
do fn
eCeodime:
street.
%V. H. Austin, Old Broad-street, London, merchant, April
24, May 1, and 29, at the Court of Commissioners. Attorney,
Mr. James Walbrook.
W. Crosby, Myton, Kingston-upon-Hull, merchant, April
22, 23, and May 29, at eleven, at the George Inn, Kingston-
upon-Hull. Attornies, Mr. Knowles, New Inn, London ; And
Mr. Scholefield, Hull.
C. Seymour, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, tailor, Ma 4,5, and
29, at ten, at the Office of 111 r. Allison, Huddersfield. Attor-
nies, Mr. Allison, Huddersfield ; and Messrs. Fisher and Sud-•
low, Thavies Inn, London.

J. Wood, Red Cross-street and Fishmonger-alley, Southwark,
currier, April 24, May 11, and 29, at ten, at the Court of Co'w.
missioners. Attorney, Mr. Watts, Dean-street, Southwork.
F, Gunther, Beaumont-street, Marylebone, hosier, April 24,
May I, and 29, at the Court of Commissioners. Attornies,
Messrs. Ross and Cooke, New Inn, and Hammersmith.
R. Hassall, Birmingham, blacksmith, April 20, 24, and May
29, at one, at the Court of Commissioners, London. Attorney,
Mr. Black, Clifford's Inn, London. •
M. Middleton, Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, tailor, April
23, at five, 24, and May 29, at ten, at the Wool Pack Inn, kfir.t.
mingham. Attornies, Messrs. Williams and White, Lincoln's
Inn, London ; and Mr. Smith, Wolverhampton.
J. Muriel, Peckham House, Peckham, Surrey, Commission Agent, April 24, May 13, and 29, at the Court of Commis-
sioners, London. Attornies, Messrs. Freeman and Heatlicote,
Coleman-street, London.
R. Bottrel, Wood-street,Cheapside, merchant, April 24, Mai
I, and 29, at ten, at the Court of Commissioners. Attorney, Mr.
Hutchison, Crown-court, Threadneedle-street.

DIVIDENDS.
May 10, P. Kenifeck; Bristol, merchant,--Mav 12, W
Withers, Cheltenham, coal-merchant—May 11, F. Fisher, jun
Leicester-square, surgeon-dentist—May 8, J. Edwards, Elder-
street, Norton Falgate, silk-weaver—May 8, J. and J. Worth,
Trump-street, warehousemen—May 10, J. Wise, Welling-
borough, Northaingtonshire, saddler—May 10, T. 0. Warwick
and J. Aldred, Rotherham, Yorkshire, chymists—April 24,
D. S. Norton, Uxbridge, brewer —May 12, J. Hargraves,
Liverpool, miller—blay 10, J. Jerry, Kirton, Suffolk, maltster
—May 12, J. Boultbee and J. W. Cole, Peterborough, North-
amptonshire, bankers—May 8, J. Pelham, sen., Chart, Kent,
seed-crusher—May 8, C. H. Banbury, Wood-street, Cheapside,
silk manufacturer.

CERTIFICATES, MAT 8.
J. Davenport and A. Dunlap, Great Portland-street, milliners
J. Lumley, Foston-mills, Yorkshire, corn-factor—J. Robertson,
Whitstable, Kent, coal-merchant—J. Squire, Kendal, West-
morland, watch-maker—W. Fau.lden, Macclesfield, lin vr. -
draper—T. Green, Lockerley, Hampshire, miller.

, .
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
J. Eckersley and S. Smith, Easthtm,
,Cheshire,_ brewrni--4
S. Russell and W. Allison, Blyth, Nottinghamshire, surgeoi!s
—\V. Fowler and Co., London, hosiers—B.•Mather and J. B.
Tuck, chemists--J. Hiles and 11. Hiles, Abbey Fortgate,
Shrewsbury, Shropshire, corn-dealers—R. Pritchafd ang Co.,
Bentilee,- Stoke, Staffordshire, coal-masters—J. Peck and T.
Aspinall, Liverpool, wine merchants—G.- Bevington and G•
Southam, Combwitch, Otterhampton, Somersetshire, brewers
T. Flint and 0. Bradley, Nottingham, mercers—J. Scholes
and T. Collier, Manchester, tea-dealers—G. I.ssex and T. J-
Manchee, Bristol, booksellers—.l. and C. Wannop, Carlisle,
attorneys at law—E. Larkin and W. Spong, King's Lynn,
Norfolk, ship-builders—WT. Bateman and Co., Manchester,
manufacturers—M. and A. de la Torre, Finsbury-square—J•
Gale and Co., Primrose-hill, Salisbury-square, Fleet-street,
London, wholesale druggists.

ConNs.—The hardness upon the toes, and other
parts of the feet, are in general too familiar to most of our readers
to require description. The cure, however, will be necessary to
dwell a little upon. When corns become large and painful,
they ought to be pared closely down with a sharp knife, or
razor, and the centre hard point detached without giving pain.
—Previous to this operation, the feet should be kept in warn'
water for half an hour, in order to soften the parts, to render
them more free to the knife, a plaster composed of equal parts
of compound galbanum plaster, and plaster of ammoniac, with
mercury spread upon linen, applied round the toe, and conti-
nued upon it for a fortnight, when it should be taken off; the
feet again bathed for half an hour in warm water, and the corns
again cut, when a similar plaster should be applied. Some
have found great success in merely cutting the corns, as above
described, and keeping their feet in warm water every night for
a month, cutting the corns whenever they appeared ; but wear-
ing no plaster. It is needless to mention, that tight shoes must
not be worn.—(ifedical AdLertiser.)
