CITY MARKETS-(TWO O'CLOCK).

SUGAR.—The purchases of British Plantation Sugar
this morning have not been large, but the Grocers are still
buyers, and, but for the quantity of Mauritius pressed
upon the market, prices would have improved beyond 6d.
per cwt. Brown Jamaica may be quoted fully 515., Bar-
bados 535. to 575., and fine Tobagos from 545. to 555.
per cwt. In consequence of yesterday being a holiday,
the stocks, deliveries, &c. at the West India Docks have
not yet been ma le out. Fureign • Sugars remain firm ;
Mauritius remains heavy ; Refined Goods are still in
demand.

COFFEE.-British Plantation Coffees have not been sold
lower than last week; middling Jamaicas fetching 795. 6d.
to 80s. 6d. Foreign Coffees are taken readily, in conse-
quence of the state of the Hamburg and British markets-
Rum.—Scarcely anything is doing ; prices remain
heavy.

Tans.-There is mere activity in the tea market, and
sales are freely made at one halfpenny per lb. profit.
INDIGO.-The shipping are not so numerous. The
commercial letters received this morning from Calcutta
state that the export of Indigo, exclusive of those made by
the Hon. Company, had been 16,404 chests, of which
7,621 were for Briti.h ports. The stock of Indigo unsold
at Calcutta was 20,000 mantle, and 10,000 maunds in ad-
dition were expected to arrive. In Bengal or other pro-
duce very little doing.

ENGLISH GOODS:-The letters from Calcutta state that
very little was doing. Cotton Piece Goods were par-
ticularly heavy. Freights had advanced from 6 to 7
guineas.

Corrow.—The East India Company's declaration for
the June sale amounts to 3,700 bates of Madras, Bengals,
&e. There is more doing in Cottons both here and at
Liverpool.

Hors.—The accounts received from the Plantations
this morning are favourable. The bines are more free
from the fly than for many years past at this season, and
m
the plant is growing fast on
most grounds. The duty is
called to 135,000/. Fine samples of Hops are in good de-
mand. Farnham's fetching from 111. 11s. to 13/. per cwt.
Ous.---The large sale of Oils, 400 tons, has gone off
better than was expected. The common sorts were taken
for exportation. Priors are firmer to.day : Rape at 355.
Linseed at 30s. 6d. per cwt. ; Sperm at 621; Seal at 301.
Newfoundland Cod at 30/. per tun. South Sea Whale-
bone is worth 110/. and Greenland 180/. per ton.
TALLOW...-.The Market is still heavy, at from 41s. 3d.
to 41s. 6d. per cwt. The stock is now reduced to 7000
casks. The delivery last week was 766 casks.

A FACTORY CHILD'S TALE.—" I work at
Bradley Mills. A few days since I had three wratehed
cardings,' about two inches long. The blubber saw them,
showed them to me, and asked me if this was good
work.' I said ' No.' He then, in the billy gait, took
a thick round leathern thong, and ' wailed' me over
the head and face for, I think, a quarter of an
hour, and for all' my cheek and lips were bleed-
ing, he wailed' me on, and then sent me to my work
again, and I worked till a quarter past seven. I went
to the mill at half-past five in the morning—he ' wailed'
me a bit past one in the afternoon. I worked in
my blood—as I worked the blood dropped all in the
piecening gait. My right cheek was torn open, swelled
very much, and was black. My lips were very much
torn, and each, of them were as thick as three lips. He
lashed me very hard over my back, too, in all directions;
but the skin was not torn because I had my clothes on—
he has many a time strapped me before till I have
been black ; he has often struck me over the head with
the billy roller, and raised great lumps with it. At one
time, when I had thrice ' little flyings,' which I could not
help, he took toe out of the billy gait, lifted me into the
window, tied a rope round my body, and hung me up to
a long pole that was sticking out of the wall, and there
he left me banging about five feet from the floor. I cried
very touch, and so in about ten minutes he took me
down."—The above true account was last week taken,
verbatim, from the lips of a poor child, aged ten years, by
Mr. R. OASTLER, and has by him been communicated to
the Leeds Intelligeneer. If this be not ityant slavery,
what is ?--Morning Herald.
