FRENCH PAVERS,

LRECEIVED Tins 2'ioRNING.3

'assts, Szrr. 23.—Acco'ding to the last new
front Senegal it apueaci-, that not only the boats
of the fripte idealise att'ived at Saint Louib but
Abe eoviiistor and Officers even brought away all
\heir -e elects. A part of t h shipwrecked tot-
loovd the turnin6s ot the coast, and arrived whir-

-out any accident.
Nees, Sart. '22.-7,-A Journal sitys to-day, that
'the work of the Viscount Cliateaubriand was
-setzeil yesterday, the printer having infringed
the 14th and 15th Artie
,of the Law of the
«lit of October, 1614,', bearing, That a work
'might be seized and terpeeiteted, if it should be
published before the printer had declared the pre-
'scribed number of copies.
The inhabitants of the banks' on the Seine ob-
-served yesterday and this morning that the water
vas greatly agitated, and bad 'fallets. They say
that this effect is produced by a violent storm
which has taken place its Burgundy.
The Duke of Wellington arrived on the 18th
at Thionville, returning from 'Alsace, where be
xcviesved the corps of the Austrian, Bavarian, and
IVirtentbUrgh armies. The grand review of the
V.russian brigade of General de Pitch, and the
cavalry of reserve, will take place above Saint
Aubin. The Duke Of Wellington will arrive at
Conunercy am the 19th.
CONSTANTINOPLE, AUG. 12.-0-The disgrace of
the Grand Seignior's Barber is the principal sub-
ject of conversation in the seraglio. As he neither
knew hose to read or write, he had permission to
enter the,cabinet where Lis Highness alone goes.
it is thought it was for ltaVrfaig dared to implore
. .
the Sultan in favour of the Armenian bankers,
and it is pretended by his full some distinguished
persons of the Seraglio lose an excellent support.
OTRANTO, SEPT. 8.--The American ship which
enehOred in our port has sailed for Naples. We
are assured that die American .sciadron• will go
'to Cot fu.---''lira wt.; French ships have entered our
port, they have brought the news of the defeat of
the Dey of Algiers by the English squadron. They
aid not meet with any pirates. It appears that
those who yet keep the sea unite.together to
*Mid surprise. The time then is, past when the
pirates could insult our coasts and the flags of all
the nations.

'There Are several reports concerning arrange-
s...tents made b‘t the Americans with our King.
Lk HATE, SEPT. 16.--The captives of the Ne-
therlands who were in slavery at Algiers, on the
31st of August, were on board the ship of the
Vice•Adiniral,Van de Capeilen, who had appoint-
ed the frigate Dageraad to take them to their own
conutry. The corvette Concorde has been sent
try Marseilles to bring away the ,Consui. Frais.
sinet.

VIRNNA, SEPT. 9.—lf we share in the impa-
tience with which the result of the English rxpe
aphifit the pirates it'expected, it at least
is not from mere curiosity,' for Turkey is chiefly
interested therein,. and it is important to us to
observe the attitude assumed by our neighbours,
at the moment when a foeeign power is attempt-
int; to chastise their vassals. A very general pct.-
suasion prevails, that the total annihilation of Ike
;Moorish empire on the coast of Africa would give
tise to very complicated negoeiations, and to dis-
utes which might not remain entirely diplomatic.
We are, however, tranquillized by the belief that
the commercial policy of Elte -,English wilt pro-
bably be satisfied with the destruction of the ma-
tine of the pirates, which will doubtless be suffi-
cient for the peace of tt.;-ope, whatever may in
other respects be the prayers, the wishes, and the
stromeots of cosmopolites, the Iriends of eivi-
liz.ition; whose views enibrace the future and the
present.
