GERMA \ PAPERS.

BERLIN, MAY 12.-It is of iii med that the French
Government has remonstrated against the occup,tion of
the territory of Frankfort try Prussian and Austrian troops,
and demands that the vkishes of the Senate of Frankfort
shall he attended to, and these troop withdrawn. This
demand, however, will not be complied with ; on the
contrary, it it probable that a gaitison of troops of the
Confederation will he constantly maintained in Frankfort.
This epini,,u is said to have been decidedly expressed here,
and at Vienna. It seems that so ex'raordinary a measure
as the military occuption of Frankfort, will not En- ap-
proved in Paris, unless it mould t e proved that when there
are disturbances the local authorities have not means to
preserve or& r, and constgoentiv that they most ask for
foreign aid before it is given. Such is not the point of
view in which the subj-ct is considered here, for it is here

assumed as a principle, that as the Confederation forms a
moral whole, it Karst be able to command all the resources
of all the atates that compose it when it is neres.
guy to def.nd its existence acainst any atrerupt.
Hence it full ,FJP3 that there are in Germany no

:roops hut hoops of the Conkderation ; and that it

ncorr et to speak of Prussian or Austrian troops—of the
military measures of one or the other Stare of the Confe-
deration, when their object is the good of the who!-. It
is said to have been intimated to the French Cabinet, that
the right to exercise any influence in the internal affairs of
Germany will not be conceded to a for. hen power under
any condition whatever; and that it must be considered
as an act of aggression against tie whole body, if the mea-
sures of the Diet of the Confederation are to be misinter-
preted and obstacles thrown in their way. We are as-
sured that notes to this effect have been drawn up by our
Court and that of Austria, and presented at Paris, to which
the answers are expected. When we reflect how Ancona
was occupied, how little attention has b, en paid to the
demands of the papal court fir its evacuation, it may be
presumed that it will suffice to explain to the Cabinet of
the Tuileries, the intention of Germany to put an end to
;di discussion on this point. In London, where the oc-
cupation of Frankfort likewise caused a great sensation, it
may, perhaps, cast more trouble to make the min stry
comprehend the legal grounds by which such mea-urea
are s.netioned, for Lord Palmerston is well known to have
been always adverse to the res lutiona of the Diet of June
last year. lie has expressed his opinions, and since pro-
tested against them in notes. It will now be seen whether
he will lol'ow the example of France, and protest against
the military occupation of Frankfort. It is likely he will
be as little attendel to as the Duke de Broglie. A ile-
posal is said to have been made to build barracks in
Frankfort, at the expense of the Confederation, that the
burden of quartering the troops may nut fall on the in-
habitants. Whether this is true does not yet appear;
but it is certain that our Government, and that of Austria,
will assign a separate body of troops, for the special pur•
pose of being employed, in case of need, io any part of
the Confederation. May all Germans, therefore, be Ole
their guard against imprudently suffering the spirit of
opposition, inseperalile from free cons itutions, to dege-
nerate into party spirit, and avoid everything that might
plunee their common country into endless misfortunes.--
Allgemeine Zeitung, May 20.
STUTGA RD, MAY 18.—Messrs. 'Aland and Mayer,
elected deputies for the cities of Stuttard and Wurzberg,
have not per mission to be absent from their posts. Pro-
fessor thiland has tendered his resignation. M. Roster's
resignation has been accepted. Pcofessors Pflat z and
Selina.' have received permission to take their seats in the
Chamber.

FRANKFORT, MAY 20.—There is no longer any doubt
that the influenza has been for sum, da!,s in our city.
The weather being very favourable, the di.order has been
in all eases of short duration and of little constquence.
Frankfurt Papers, May 21.

STATE OF TRADE.

(From the Leeds Mercury.)

The sales thos week at'the aith-balls have been abnul
lle same as fot some niaiket days past, and the demato

finished coo& from the merchants continues good.
The American hu)ers, for two or three week,' hive bought
rather freely, which hips ciused piice+ to he very firm.
YORK WOOL MARKET, MAY 23.—:1he

tuenced herr for the se son this day, with only a small
--how of wool, and not many buyers. The holders asking
very high priers, caused part to lie left unsold. The fol-
lowing are the prices:--Hogs from 18s. to 19s. ; hops
and ewes 16s 61. to 17.. 6J. ; locks 1 Is. to 11s. 6d.
per stone of 161b9.
BRADFORD MARX PT, THURSDAY EVENING.---The
supply of Merinos in the maiket to-day was by no means
equal to the demand all qualities in sixqoa,ter wide Me-
rinos were eagerly bought up, and in s tine inseanees a
further advance was otitaimd ; three-quarter wide Meri-
nos run much in demand, bur a
very scanty supply; the
advance on six-quarter wide Merinos is horn 4s. to 6a.
per piece, compared with what was given at the beginning
of the year, and three-quarter wide are pioportionatily
higher. Unless a reducti”n takes place in the vrice of
wool, the manufacturers state they must Lave a further
advance.

RuCIIDA LE FLANNEL MARI:BT.—The market to.day
teas very lively for this .ea•ou of the year; low goods,
WA fir white and for dyeing, were of very ready sale,
,mild in some ii.s'ances a Ltd acivaric.. was dittiatd; se-
veral s3l,s ‘v, re effected in fine qualities, arid if the de-
roan(' prove permanent, the prospect for the cowing season
is very promising.

POLITICAL MEETING.—We understand
that a public toreting of the i.per,tive weavers and oln-rs
is the neighbourhood of Blackburn is appointed t be held
on Paditiam Moor On Alotoday next, fox the porposr of
a4reeing to a petition to his MAJESTY to his Ali-
n'sti rs from his Councils. At p
..1:131tIND Gp.uNnY, of
Wiry, is t-xpect,d to take the chaor.—munchjster

in consequence of the acquits. of
in Liverrol at
n coal is now sellingint\i'oig.ia. per runt
earl isa,e by the railway.

THE WEST INDIA QUESTION.

GREAT MEETING OF MERCHANTS, BANKERS,
SHIPOWNERS, AND OTHERS.-(THIS DAY.)

In pursuance of a public invitation, signed by several Peers
of the Realm, Members of the House of Commons, and by
mostly the whole of the great commercial houses in the city,
interested, either directly or indirectly, in the prospects and
welfare of the West India colonies, one of the largest and most
respectable meetings ever, perhaps, held in the city, took place
at the City of London Tavern this morning, for the purpose of
taking into consideration the present state of affairs relative
to the colonies, and to come to some resolutions regarding the
plan of Government for the emancipation of the slaves.
Soon after one o'clock the following distinguished individuals
entered the,room

Mr. C. GRANT moved that Lord Harewood be requested to
take the chair.—(Loud cheers.)

There were present, Lord St. Vincent, and the majority of
the parties who had signed the requisition.
Earl HAREWOOD rose and said he wished not to perpetuote
slavery, but, as West India planters, they had a right to com-
pensation. The West India planters had a right by law to sell
slaves with the property they possessed. The people of this
country had been unfairly dealt with. The petitions that had
been so numerously presented were got up by a party, and they
were signed by individuals who knew not the complicated na.
ture of West India properties. There were many considera-
tions—those of the mortgagees, the annuitants, the pro.
prietors of slaves and others, before the people ought
to be called upon to strike out with a stroke of
the pen, confiscating and spoliating this property, in order
to do what ? To satisfy the cry—the conscientious cry—of the
people, who knew little about the subject.--(Hear.) This
spoliation was to make good indiscreet pledges formerly given.
The House of Commons was not free from such pledges; he
wished to say but little of the House of Commons, but he con.
sidered that the Ministers had wished to gained power and in.
fluence by proposing such a plan as that offered.—(Hear.)
If the House of Commons pressed the measure as proposed,
what other House could stop it ? He denied that any power
could stop it. The Hon. Chairman then proceeded to state
the negotiations with Government relative to the plans of Mi.
nisters for the settlement of the slave question, and was left
speaking.
