iIIERICR.

C AItLESTON, AUGUST 27.—The onsequ'ent:es
which the embargo May be, produ6tive of, if t.s.ot
Shortly taken -off, will, in all probability, be
especially by the Southern SeCtion of the Uniisn,
when those who were its authors have mingled with'
their kindred dust, and are only remembered to be
held in execration. There is too much reason to be-
lieve ithat the.destruetion which it has brought ion
the commerce of the country has,. perhaps, for ever,
alienated the affections of the. 'inhabitants of the,
Northern and Eastern States towards the Governi-
tnent, and paved the way for an event which will
put a periOd to the existence of A Nation, than which
none ever had fairer pros'peas. - These gloomy ap-
prehensions ought not, hoWeVer, to create despair,
but rather ought- to rouse the people from the
lethargy in which they have too long indulged, and
stimulate them to the most noble exertions.

The intelligence of the insurrection• against the
French in Spain has been received with the greatest
joy in the Floridas and Mexico. In the Floridas
the French were so apprehensive of falling-viethns to
the vengeance of the Spaniards,, that they fled with
their etieEts into the territories of the United, States.
The British were received with the highest venera-
tion and affeetion.
BOSTON PUBLIC MEETING, Av0..9.

Agreeably to notification, a very numerous meet-
ing was held its Funniel Hall, at ten o'clock, when:
Stephen Codman, Esq. was chosen Moderator. The
notification was then read, when the Hon. Jonathan
Mason, after a number of- very pertinent remarks
On the subjett,:otfered the follOvving motion, in' the
form of a vote :
VOTED, " That it is expedient for the town of. Boston
respectfully to t:tition the President of the. United Statei to•
suspend the laws laying an embargo, either wholly or in part,
according to the power vested in him by the Congress of the
United States; and if any doubt should exist, as to' the suf..
ficiency of those powers, that he be requested to call the
Congress together as soon as may be; and that a.Committee
of eight persons be appointed to prepare and submit to the
town-a petition in contormity.!' • • •- •
The motion was seconded from. every quarter Of
the Hall; and a very spirited and 'eloquent debate
ensued—in-which the motion was sustained by the
Hon. Mr. Mason, Mr. Daniel Sargent, the Hon.
Messrs. Oris and Gore ; and was opposed by Mr.
William Jarvis, Benjamin Austin, and George Blahe,
Esqrs. The debate was protracted until two o'clock,
when the question to adopt the motion of Mr. Ma-
son, passed by an immense majority ; (not more
than twenty or thirty hands. against it.)
BOSTON, AUG. -10.—We are happy in learning,
as w do, from various quarters of the United States,
that the people are arouzing from their lethargy, and
turning their undivided attention to constitutional
'remedies :for the flagrant and almoFt intolerable evil's
which have been inflicted on them by the folly,
madness, partiality, and wickedness of their public
servants in the national administration. • There are
points beyond which forbearance becomes treachery
and cowardice ; and there are limes when submis-
sion to accumulating wrongs will deserve as well as
entail slavery. Those Americans who had discern-
ment in 1774 to discover these pOints of time, and
who then resisted foreign despotism, have not lost
their discriminating 'power; nor have they yet to
learn how to 'oppose domestic tyranny. They have
'a constitutional guide ; and they will pursue its di-
rections faithfully to the end. -

STONVE.—The PRINC2 still remains' at this noble
.maUsion, and is extremely well in health, and in ek-
cellent spirits, and appears mOst-bighly delighted
with the attention of his noble hosts. His Royal
Highness the Duke of SUSsEX is confined to his
chamber by an attack of the asthma.,,, His evenings
are employed at the piano-forte, at which Mrs. FREE-
MANTLE presides, whose brilliant execution on that
instrument is unequalled; the Duke occasionally
joins in the vocal music.
Dunkio, one of the firemen belonging to the Phce-
nix Insurance Company, who was much burnt at
the conflagration at. Covent-garden Theatre, has So
lar recovered, under the judicious management of
the professional Gentlemen at Middlesex Hospital,
as to be able to quit the Hospital, and he is now an
out-door patient. He and Mr. Turner, of Leigh-
Street, tied-lion-square, are, we believe, the only
two of those who sustained injury by the accident at
the fire who are now alive.

ATTEMPT TO COMMIT SominE.—On Friday a fe-
male was seen in the act of plunging into, a pond'in
Hackney Fields. A Gentleman who was passing
instantly hastened to her assistance, and 'after con-
siderable difficulty brought her to the bank. On her
recovery, which was effeeted soon, after she was
taken out, she refused to tell her name, or give the
least account of her connections. She spoke inco-
herently, and appeared to labour under mental de-
fangement. The Gentleman who rescued her en-
deavoured, by promises. of assistance,, to extort a
confession of the circumstances which induced her
to attempt suicide, but she remained gloomy and
silent. Ttrti unfortunate girl Was conveyed to Shore-
ditch Workhouse, to be recogbized by her friends.
She appeared by her dress to have lately travelled
from the country.
. Saturday se'nnight a girl of the name of Sophia
Weaver, about six or seven years of age, who bad
gone into. the fields at Downside, in the parish of
Back well, Somersetshire, to pick blackberries-, was
ruisseJ by her parents. A diligent search was made
after her, by several of the neighbours, till twelve
o'clock at night, without effeCt. In the course of
search,.they found a deep pit, covered over with
brambles and long grass, from which, many years
since, lead ore .had been extracted, and to which
they 'were led by the barking of a dog belongig to
the fatheref the child. The grass, it appeared; had
recently been trampled upon ; but the lateness, of
the evening deterred those who were in search of
her from descending. In the morning, however,
they returned, and two men were let down with
ropes ; ,when, to their great astonishment, the
child was found in one of the lanes leading from the
pit, standing upright and free from injury, excepting
the little hurt she had received in being scratched
with the brambles. The preservation of the child
was still more remarkable also, in her having re.
tired into the lane, as the men in their descent rolled
down several large fragments of the rock, which
must otherwise have inevitably dashed her to pieces.,
She remained 14 hours in the pit. Its depth is
upwards of too feet.
