COMMERCE oF BOMBAY.

At the present moment the commerce of Bombay is
placed in a peculiar and unprecended condition. The
real nature of our rupture with the Chinese seems never
to have bet n sufficiently understood by the native corn-
muoitv, and the consequence has been, as would natu-
rally be expected by all who know the native character,
that they have gone on in their operations in cotton and
opium as heretofore, relying on some sudden turn which
which would put all things to right, and which has often
been experienced in the country trade betwixt India and
China. Now, however, matters progress to a crisis, and
with qnr two great products—cotton and opium—in the
trade with China, it requires little penetration to fore-
see the disastrous consequences of a cessation of all de-
mand, the utter impossibility of getting rid of large
stocks without making an immense sacrifice. With
this view we would urge on the Governor-General of& Ina the pressing necessity of promptitude in our
pretty expedition against China. Large commercial in-
terests arc at stake, and not only will our mother coun-
try suffer bydelay, but the agricultural industry of this
side India will receive a severe check. This season
ttlriy u
oiff
the crop of cotton from all quarters is abundant, and
from this there is no vent but to Europe, and it is utterly
impossible to take off the large production to that quar-
ter. The crop from America happens also at the same
time to
our cotton obe
euncuosuori prospectsallyiar large,
nd all things combine to
depress for the present season.
The late sales of opium on the coast of China may lead
to false impressions. We are satisfied that the cultiva-
tion of the poppy must be reduced, and we have all
along urged this. We cannot see how our large stocks,
and if the cultivation for a season
was at once put a stop to, it would be beneficial in the
resu:ts.—Bombay Times, April 2a.
bothfo
r of
a ollodngiie timere and
of of new in Malwa, can be disposed

iardeninagt
_
WASP's NEST ,-„On
ROBBING A •----n last Satur-
n° fear of the
which had been
po-
lice before his eyes, entered the rear of, and
in A
belonging to, the police barracks,take
did therefrom " felonious!), steal,,;_t_ and carry away" a
opfropierty . f hat force,
day night some harienedscbetrahtedeitivinlahoarv'drying.
Newry Te-
pil
eea
cfrt,c:o
gul
lot:
.fos
rtotchkeinignisr,ptohsee
NDFN •
(FRONI A COR ' 1.) —On Friday
evening two gentlemen who
.bad sent the day on the Hippo-
drome race-course, and who, 1
srtoriaveehandumber of slirrup-eups
they had evidently taken, m
RESPO_ .
a great many friends
with
On aheat by rac:ng at full
turning I
-street, Bedford-square, a
tae corner into the
gallop down Portland-place.
to take leave of, finished
thro
Crescent, the inside man was
to wn with great violence, and,
falling on his back, remained all. apr,
uan extra
t'earatiee dead. Mrs.
Tucker, of No. 3, Portland-place, Immediately
sent her ser-
vant to QtTer the accoramodationof her house for the patient,
who probably owes his life to this act of humane kindness, as
surgeon, who happened to be passing at the time of the acci-
it enabled Mr. Simpson,
dent, to render immediate assistance by bleedinhi;iii. He was
in a short time sufficiently i'cc-'9Yeved to be removed in a coach
to his own residence ; and we are happy to hear that no bones
of Bedford
are fractured, and that he is in a fair way for recovery.—Herald.
KERN STUDY.—Kean sat tip all night in a
ream opposite the Debtor's,cloor of the Old Bailey, to catch a
f°ll view of the Cato-street conspirators; and as he was going
on the stage in the evening, he said to me, "I mean to die
like Thistiewool to-night; I'll imitate every muscle of that
man's countenance."—Bunn's Memoirs.

C HRONICLE.—The satisfactory state of the revenue
exhibited by the official abstract of the public income
and expenditure has given a fresh impulse to the Money
Nlaiket, and the English Funds again realised a further
advance, Consols haying been 921 to b, closing, however,
a shade lower, 92i sellers for the opening, ex. div.
This Wl3 the first private transfer day in Consols, and
New Three-and-a- Half per Cents., both of which arc
quAt'd below ex div. Exchequer Bills experienced a fur-
ther advarce of 25., the last price bring 295. to 31s. prem.
la the Share Market prices have been steady to-day,
and little variation took place in the prices of Saturday,
With the exception of Blackwalls, which declined to IN to
premium, being a fall of 153. per share.
It has hitherto been a rule with the Bank parlour to
restrict their discount business to those parties who held
discount accounts. Recently, however, we understand
that the Directors have come to a decision to allow
parties having drawn accounts alone also the benefit of
discount operations, and for smaller sums than hitherto, in
the same way as at any private banking establishment.
This relaxation of their former practice, will, no doubt,
prove profitable to the Bank, and cannot fail of being a
great accommodation to the public.

POST.—The English Funds continue to exhibit the
same firmness as at the close of the past week, money being
obtainable at from 4 to 5 per cent. for Stock Exchange
purposes. Consols left aat 92,i to 4 for the opening ;
Exchequer Bills I.t 295. to 31s. premium; India 13ouds at
3s. to ss. premium; and Bank Stock at 173 i to
We understand that no confidence whatever can be
placed in the announcements made relative to the new
creations of Spanish Bonds. Whether these bonds arc
lodged in the Bank of San Fernando for future appropria-
tion, in the event of the failure of the Government to make
good its money engagements with capitalists and contrac-
tors, or whether they are at once put into circulation,
is quite immaterial. There is no chance, we should
say, of the reimbursement of the sums borrowed
for purposes that cannot, from the very character of
them, be productive of the smallest return, present or
future. We hear that the money lent by a Lon-
don house for the use of the Legion, and for defraying
the expenses of the excursion of the two Queens into the
interior (together a hundred thousand pounds), was in the
proportion of twenty ;pounds cash for every hundred_
pound bond, and at an interest of five per cent, per annum
on the bond.

Some of the Railway Shares were lower to-day, though,
upon the whole, the market for such interests improved in
common with the other two, the general disposition to
advance being attributable, we suppose, to the near ap.
preach of the payment of the dividends.
fIERALD.—Thii was the first day of private transfers in
Consols, and a considerable quantity of money business was
done on the occaion. As the payment of the dividends
on these and other stocks commences in a few days money
was easier in the Stock Exchange, where the rates on
domestic stocks varied from 4 to 5 per cent.

SUN.—This has been a very animated day in the
market for British Securities, and prices have all been
buoyant. The favourable state of the revenue, and the
approaching payment of the dividends, have caused
increased confidence both among the public and the
jobbers. For the opening Consols have been marked
t)2 to 921 ex Dividend ; Bank Stock has been heavy
at 173 A to 173- ; India Stock has risen to 051 ; Ex-
chequer Bills have touched 28s. to 31s. premium ; East
India Bs. to ss. premium ; the Redu Jed Three-
and-a-Half per Cents, 100 A, and the New Three-and-a-
Half per Cents, 100 to 100 - cx Dividend.
The market for the Foreign securities has been dull.
The news from Lisbon of the 29th ult., being of no
importance did not lead to any speculation in Portu-
guese,, whioh were quoted at 35 to !f•
he
roiiices from Spain continue satisfactory, but the Active
Bonds did not advance above 27i, aud closed at 26i.
French Five per Cent. Kentes rallied to
.1181. 7,5 e,
Colombian Bonds remained at 27i ; thanhan rose to
?Si ; Belgian were steady at 1041 to 105 ; and Dutch
Two-ant!-a- Half per Cents., were a trifle better, viz,—
to
The Share Market was rather dull, but prices were
pretty steady, and in some instances better,

In fulfilment of the duty thus imposed upon them the
Committee, as soon as a plan of future operations was di-
gested and matured, dispatched to the provinces their lec-
turer and associate, Mr. George Thompson, with instruc-
tions to make known the existence and the moral, peace-
ful, and constitutional objects of the Society by the means
of public lectures, to be delivered wheresoever an interest
was felt or could be excited in the condition of the people
of India, to hold meetings, public or private, of persons
desirous of obtaining the information which he could im-
part, to form auxiliary provincial Societies, and put them
in communication with the parent body, and generally to
enlist the support of all classes of persons to the cause, by
showing upon plain intelligible grounds that all classes,
without distinction, are deeply interested as patriots er as
philanthropists in the advancement, the prosperity, and
good government of 150 millions of people swayed directly
or as tributaries by British rule.
Mr. Thompson fixed himself, in the first instance, at
Manchester, the heart of our manufacturing industry and
the chief scat of the cotton fabric, the staple of which the
the people of India, until about fifty years ago.after their
subjection to British rule, had furnished from the earliest
records of history, in quantities that knew no stint to
most of the nations of the earth. In this great manufac •
turing capital, Mr. Thompson hoped to hear from every
employer and from every operative then only working half
time, the simple inquiry, " Why do not the natives of
British India, dying of famine by hundreds of thousands,
produce all the cotton we receive from America ?' But
instead of inquiry Mr. Thompson encountered considerable
indifference, and for this plain reason, India, its people, its
raise) y, famines, and capacities were alike very generally
unknown and unheeded.

Checked, but not disheartened, Mr. Thompson re-
doubled his efforts to kindle the interest he found want-
ing. At the lapse of several weeks of exertion, he ven-
tured to deliver an experimental lecture in the Friends'
Meeting-house. The lecture was attended by a large
portion of the respectability, the intelligence, the industry,
and the wealth of the town. lie was encouraged to de-
liver a second, then a third lecture, proceeding to a sixth,
the increasing numbers of his audience attesting the new
and hitherto unfelt interest that was awakened in many
persons who, until the hour they heard him, had been
strangers to the subject he introduced to their serious and
lasting attention.
Invitations to address similar audiences on the same
subject, now came to hint from all the populous and busy
towns around Manchester.
lie complied as his health and the necessary study and
preparation would permit, and delivered lectures and formed
associations at Ashton, Bolton, Leeds, Bradford, Sheffield,
Doncaster, York, Nottingham, Mansfield, Chesterfield,
Edinburgh, Glasgow, Darlington, Newcastle, and Wake-
field.
Ile delivered 2S lectures, in all, besides the numerous
p
irate
meetings which were held, with a similar object ;
and he printed and circulated about 20,000 newspapers
and tracts, the perusal of which, in Ireland, led to the im-
mediate consideration of the subject in the City of Dub-
lin, and to the delivery of several valuable lectures by Mr.
Robert Moore, of the Irish B
If the formation of the British India Society at first fell
coldly on the ear of those classes of the British public,
whose mere pecuniary advantage is, in reality, the most
deeply interested in its success,—far different were the
fcelings which the announcement excited in the breast of
every real friend to freedom in the United States of America
_still more different were at first the surprise, next the gra-
titude and outpouring thankfulness of heart with which the
Society has been hailed by the natives of India, wherever a
free public expression of their sentiments is permitted to be
given. In Calcutta, the capital of the empire, the Land-
holders' Society, composed principally of natives, met
together, and subscribed 50U/. in aid of the Society. From
Calcutta, from Madras, from Bombay, from Agra, from
all the four presidencies of India, natives have addressed
the Committee in the same strong language of thanks, and
have besought them with the same earnest entreaty to
persevere in elaiminr, for the natives at large the common
privileges of Britigsubjects.
In the United States Mr. Garrison, a distinguished citi-
zen of New England, whom we have the honour of seeing
to-day on this platform, reprinted all Mr. Thompson's
Manchester Lectures, prefaced by an introduction from his
own eloquent pen. This work, aided by other efforts of
the like kind, produced a deep impression among the true
lovers of their country in America.
As it is to cotton that their country now owes the curse
of slavery, they at once perceived that it is by cotton, by

VIr.LIAM LLOYD GARRISON, Esq., of Boston,
United States, came forward amidst cheers to move
that the Report should be adopted and printed. He
was sorry he had but little claim on the indulgence of
the meeting, and aoae whatever on that manifestation
of feeling_ of which he had been the object. It might
not be known to them that in the United States of
America, he was regarded every where as a dis-
turber of the peace, an agitator, and an incendiary.
He wished, however, to say that his only crimes were
his sympathy with three millions of his enslaved
countrymen, and his demands for their instant
emancipation.—(Cheers.) But if these wee crimes,
he charged them also on the people of England, because
they had set. him the example in committing them, and
he hoped that they would long continue to do so.—
( Hear, hear.) Why was he there on That occasion ?
He who was but an American stranger ? That was
a meeting about British India ; and were not the
people of England jealous of the interference of fo-
reiguers in their affairs ? They were excessively so in
the United States ; and they would not allow any man
coming into their country—tree as she was—to inter-
fore in their councils. But why should he not still
be among them ? Why shoilld he not lift his voice
in any land against those who trafficked in the human
race ? He would never ask of uny roan to give
him a license to raise his voice in any part of the
world against oppression and injustice.—(Hear, hear )
He was aware that the glorious movement in which
they were engaged had many an opponent, but
that was not to be wondered at, and if they met with no
opposition, such a circumstance would only prove that
they had no work of beneficence to accomplish.—
(Hear, hear.) Perhaps these opponents might tell him
to look at home, and not to meddle with thinga which
did not concern him. But it was because he had looked
to home that lie was there that day.—(Cheers.) There
was nothing connected with slavery in the United States
with which be was not familiar. He was well aware
that every sixth person there was a slave, but he knew
that he was then at that meeting for the purpose of
overthrowing that very slavery. He had come to this
country to meet the friends of liberty from all parts of
the world, and therefore it was that he stood forward
on that occasion, while his wish was to contribute to
the abolition of slavery throughout the world.— (Hear
hear.) It if as said that Archimedes only wanted a
spot on which to stand and place a lever, in order to
move the world ; and in the same way the American
abolitionists might say, that they only wanted a spot on
which the lever of freedom might be placed, in order to
overturn the slave system in their native country—
' (Hear, hear)—and he thanked God that in England
they had found such a spot.—(Cheers.) He should
before then have returned home, were it not for the
desire which he felt to share in their proceedings.—
(Cheers.) NVere it not for that, he should have
been at home on Saturday last, the 4th of
July, the 64th anniversary of American independence.
Oa that day lie had blushed to think that while his
countrymen were solemnly proclaiming in the face of
the world for the sixty-fourth time in their social capacity,
that God had created all men free and equal, he had
blushed to think that at the same time there were
millions of his countrymen in chains.—(Hear, hear.)
He could bear in imagination the roar of cannon, the
pealing of bells, and the declamation of American
orators against British oppression, on the other shores
of the Atlantic ; but above the roaring of cannon, the
peals of bells, and the shouts of the people, he could
bear the wailings of those who had none to deliver them
from the lash of theirltyrants.—(Cheers.) There had
never been so impious an exhibition presented to the
world as that of the American celebration of their in-
dependence. It was the language of the people on
that occasion, that—

A day—an hour of virtuous liberty
Is worth a whole eternity of bondage.
Again they asked—
Where is The slave so lowly,
Condemned to chains unholy,
Who, could he burst
Ilis bonds at first,
Would pine beneath them slowly ?
And yet on that very day they were making merchan-
&ze of those who bore the image of their God.—
(Cheers.) But while there were so many thus
profaning the name of liberty in the other world,
there were others here struggling in its cause,
and he was proud to have been one of them.
It was said that they must be cautious of foreign in-
terference. He woul.l say, down with all National dis
tinctione. It was their duty to repudiate all national
an:ipath.cs. He was the true patriot and Christian
who looked on the whole world as his country, and
al! mankind as his countrymen.—(Hear, hear.) There
was no mountain, no ocean, no plain, no valley, that did
not belong to their country—distance did not alienate
them from their country. He denied that he had ever
laboured for the slave as a negro. It was not be-
cause he was an African, or a descendant of Africans,
that his sympathies had gone out towards him, let
because in him he had seen " a man and a brother."---
(Hear, hear.) Genuine abolition was not got up for
the purpose of social or personal aggrandisement. It
was not got up from the fervour of enthusiasm or an
excited imagination ; it belonged not to faction or party ;
it was of Heaven, not of men ; it was the spirit of
Hint who came " to proclaim liberty to the captive.
and the opening of prisons to them that are hound.'
..—(Cheers.) Opposition would not weary it out, fife
,i-iontoattdteenarpntdtotipieoiur
could not extinguish it, force could not put it down.
did
would
He had a right to sympathize for the poor, crushed,
rst)r.a7taltZ
condition, he would leave that to those who were
notiladpressisce:lclittnisi—e
better acquainted with the country. He would merely
allude to one point. Let them remember there
were not less than a million of slaves in India
who were held under the power of the British
nation, and he asked why was it that the public of:
England were not moved by a fact like that ? Why was
all that sympathy exhibited towards the West Indian
slaves, while no regard had been paid to the condition
of the million of slaves in the East Indies ? Had the
abolitionists grown weary of well doing ? Had they
