MEETING OF THE WARD OF CRIPPLEGATE.

(THIS DAY.)

A Meeting of the Ward of Ccipplegate-within was this day
liFid for the purpose of addressing his Majesty on the sudden
dismissal of the late Ministry. Alderman WooD, M. P., took
t!.e. chair, and observed that he had received this requisition at
Gloucester, and bad hastened to comply with it. Whatever
the object of the Meeting might be, it was his duty to convene
it, and on the present occasion he did it with the more plea-
sure, as its object had his entire concurrence.—( Cheers.)
The Requisition having been read,—
Mr. STURT, of the firm of Sturt and Sharpe, moved the first
resolution. They had assembled to unite against the common
enemy, and the papers of yesterday had informed them who
that enemy was.—( Loud groans and hisses.) He trusted that
there would be no want of unanimity in opposing the enemies
of all reform—the Tories. —( Cheers.)
Mr. E. WILSON seconded the resolution. Its object was to
give expression to their feeling, relative to the dismissal of the
lete Ministry, and their conviction that the new Cabinet would
not possess the confidence of the people. The late Ministry
had been dismissed, not for doing too little, but for doing
teo much, and if that Cabinet had but proceeded a
little further it would have received the confidence of the
people of England.—( Hear.) He could not help revertimi
to one member of the late Cabinet, who had been much vilified
by a portion of the public press, and charged with dragging
the great seals in the dirt. It was absurd to suppose that a
Lord Chancellor, merely for mixing with the people, and gig`
frog expression to his sentiments among them, should be liable
to such an imputation. On the contrary, it reflected much
credit upon Lord Brougham to find him mingling with the
people, and giving expression to his honest sentiments upon
political affairs. Mr. W. here took a review of the circum-
stances connected with the dismissal of the late Ministry, and
contended that it was merely their efforts to obtain for the people
the full measure of that Reform which had been conceded to
them—(Cheers.) It had been argued that the present
Ministry would be a reforming one ; but such conduct would
be the grossest political delinquency, and would never receive
the sanction of the people—( No, no.) He did not believe
it—he was satisfied that their object was to obtain a long
ascendancy. The very name of Sir E. Knatchbull would
negative such an idea. It was, therefore, certain that the new
Administration would be thoroughly Tory--(" Not a doubt of
ia" and cheers.) Upon no other terms than the bayonet
could the present Ministry expect to retain of lice—but be was
too well satisfied with the moral power of the people ; and in
" the three days," which would be very different from those of
Paris—the three days of the election—they would satisfy the
Tories that they would never rule over the free-born people of
England—( Cheers. )
Mr. FIREIAN was neither a Whig or a Tory, and he thought
the people could do very well without either.—( Laughter and
cheers.) The Whigs were a set of pickpockets who gave a
sword to the unfortunate people of Ireland, instead of that
relief they required. He thought, therefore, they deserved r'S
little the confidence of the people as the Tories.—(Latighter
and applause.)
The CHAIRMAN having read the resolution,
Mr. Hue:. begged to move an amendment. He came there
with reluctance--in fact he had been dragged there Disap.-
pro' alion.) It was intimated that he might probably distur,b
the harmony of the meeting, but he came forward to preserve
his consistency and maintain his independence. It was his
Majesty's undoubted prerogative to dismiss or cal Ito his coun-
cils whoever he thought proper. The resolution was Jesuitically
worded, for while it admitted the King's prerogative in the eon'
raencement, it in the end interposed the authority of the people;
Ile feared that if meetings like the present were not suppressed
they would lead to scenes which had disgraced blood-thirsty
France.—( Hisses.) He hoped he would be in his grave be-
fore such scenes took place, for he was a supporter the Con-
stitution as established in 1688. When he looked at the al'
cient administration that had been formed—(Great disaPPl°-
bation and laughter)—he thought it would be satisfactory t°
the people of England.—( No, no.) The Whigs had de-
stroyed the West Indies and saddled them with twenty million./
of taxes, for they must be aware, from the Bible itself, Oa'
slavery never would be abolished.—( Great hissing and disap-
probation. )

(LEFT SPEAKING.)

MALT TAX.-(THIS DAY.)

-.41p
A meeting took place to-day at Brown's Hotel, Westiniestel
for the purpose of taking into consideration the best rucal2sivit
obtaining relief from the destructive consequences of the .‘l` a
Tax. The meeting,' which was very thinly attended, adoptSt
resolutions expressive of the disastrous consequences of the 11%
Tax, and expressing a hope that the present Ministry eov're
take the subject into serious consideration. There weh,,
only five gentlemen at the meeting, which was attended "'
an equal number of reporters.
