OLD BAILEY, OcT. 25.

John Cambel?, aged 21, was indicted for stealing a silver can-
dlestick, two silver salts; and other articles, the property of
Messrs. Wathen and Co., silversmiths and braziers, Beaufort-
buildings, Strand. The fact was clearly proved against the
prisoner, who was in the service of the prosecutors.
The Jury returned a verdict of Guilty.
After the verdict was pronounced, 31r. Justice PARK re-
ceived evidence to prove that the family of the prisoner ;vas in
extreme distress at the time he committed the theft, and that he
relieved them with money. He had hitherto borne an excel-
lent character. The Learned Judge said that these circum-
stances would influence the judgment which would be pro-
nounced upon the prisoner.
George Harris, described in the calendar as a law-writer,
was charged with burglariously entering the house of Robert
Dobson, and stealing therefrom four eggs. The crime was not
fully proved, and the Jury returned a verdict of Not Guilty.
Owen Smith was indicted for stealing 35 yards of woollen
cloth, value 18/., the property of George Ridges..
The piece of cloth in question was one of a number of par-
cels which the prosecutor (who is a porter) had in his cart : and
whale he was delivering another parcel at a house in Gra cechurc h-
street, the prisoner seized the opportunity of carrying away
the cloth. He was detected, however, by the-prosecutor heft re
he got clear off, and given into custody. The Jury found
. .

The RECORDER said it was necessary that articles of com-
merce should be protected while being conveyed from hand to
hand in this metropolis ; and as it was clear that the prisoner
was one of those who lurked about, watching for an opportunity
to plunder vehicles used for that purpose, it was high time that
he should be sent out of the country. He theiefore sentenced
him to transportation for life.
Prisoner—" Then I hope you will maintain my children
until 1 come back."

The RECORDER-" You have now, prisoner, relieved us
from all doubt."

The prisoner was then removed from the bar.
James Smith was convicted of picking the pocket of John
Robinson of a silk handkerchief, for which, as it was putty
evident that he was connected with a gang of thieves, the RE-
CORDER sentenced hiin to transportation for life.
Elizabeth Cannon stood indicted for stealing a silk shawl,
value I/. 165., the property of Joseph Morris.
The prosecutor keeps a linen-draper's shop in Fleet-market,
into which the prisoner went on the morning of the Bth October,
and asked tolook at some shawls. Several were shown to her, and
while the shopman had hii back turned she contrived to hide
.one under her cloak and decamp with it. On being pursued
and brought back to the shop, she dropped it from under her
cloak, and a constable being sent for, she offered to pay any
hrice for the shawl, if suffered to get off: When searched,
owever, she had but Bid. in her pocket. The Jury. found
her Guilty.
At half-past eight o'clock the London Grand Jury, having
finished their labours, were discharged.

An Inquest held on the body of Michael Ford,
a Chelsea pensioner, brought in a verdict of " wilful mu, der
against TliorPas Wiiite," also a Chelsea pensioner, who had,
without any provocation, beat the deceased in a most brutal
Manner, so-as-to occasion his death.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, O,CT. ‘23.—Yesterday, after Mass the
.Foreign Ambassadors and Ministers were received
by the King and the Royal Family. The Duke
of Lorenzo, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary from Spain, was presented, in
public audience, to their Royal Highnesses by
Baron de Lalive, introducer of Ambassadors.
A 'royal ordinance, dated the 20th, regulates
the duties of the governor, sub-governor, and in-
spector, of the Polytechnic School, and the ad-
mission of pupils.
Several Journals have spoken of a seizure of
. poniard-blades made by the officers of the custom
house at Sierck, at the moment when it was at-
tempted to introduce these prohibited arms into
. France. We are enabled to state that these
blades present emblems of a nature perhaps more
alarming, and certainly more significant, than the
weapons themselves. Thus, on one may be seen
an urn, a sceptre cast down, a sword with three
stars at the upper extremity ; on the other side,
a sand-glass, a scythe, a broken sceptre, a crutch,
and a mask. ; beneath these figures are fasces, sur-
rounded by palms, similar to the representations
in republican emblems. -On another blade, in-
struments of punishment appear. It may be
asked—for whom can such presents, brought
from foreign countries, be destined ?----.(llloniteur .)
Letters from Vienna state, that the Emperor
Alexander will return to his dominions sooner
- than was expected. He has already caused it to
be announced at Petersburgh, that he expects
• to arrive there in a month at the farthest, having
renounced the intention of travelling to Rome
and Naples.
CONSTANTINOPLE, SEPT. 12.—The following is
a copy of the Note presented by Lord Strangford
to the Sublime Porte on the 27th of August :---
" The Ambassador has the honour to call the attention of the
Sublime Porte to an object whichis of the highest importance to
the interests of the British merchants.
" On different occasions the undersigned has already ad-
dressed to the Reis Effendi, representations on the subject of
the debts which English subjects have to recover from the
• <property of Greeks who fled at the ...commencement of the
rebellion.
" The department of the Defterdariat, to which this affair 1
was referred, has constantly replied that the question could '
only be decided according to Mussulman laws, and that those
-laws, always wise and just, did not permit the Sublime Porte
to- dispose of the property of its Greek subjects, unless the
proprietors were present, or duly represented by their attornies.
" It is, however, matter of public notoriety that most of the
Greeks in question have only been induced to expatriate
-themselves by the fear and alarm which the public efferves-
,cence had generally diffused on the first moments of the re..
• volt, when the distinction between the innocent and the guilty
was, not well established, and when all Greeks, without ex-
ception, appeared criminal in the eyes of an exasperated po•
pulace.
-" It is also notorious that these Greeks, whose only crime is
• timidity (and whom the Ambassador does not confound with
the traitors who have fled to avoid a well-merited punishment),
have for the most part taken refuge in foreign countries, that
• they anxiously long for the moment when they may return to
their homes, and that nothing but fear and uncertainty as to the
reception they might experience, still induces them to remain
under the of another power.
"To dissipate these apprehensions—to recall to their native
land these unfortunate victims of a very, natural alarm—in fine,
to enable British subjects to recover. What is due to them by
-personally suing their debtors before the competent tribunals,
requires only a word from the Sublime Porte. Let, then, that
word be spoken ! The unfortunate men whom the force of
circumstances have alone driven to a temporary removal
from their.country will then return. The Government will re-
'mime its rights over, a considerable part of its own subjects, and
those of the King of Great Britain will not have to experience
the fatal effects which the prolonged absence of their debtors
must produce on their interests.
• 44. The total of the demands amounts to so large a sum, and
'the necessity of payment has become so urgent, that the Am-
ibssador would be wanting in his duty .if he did not request
the Sublime Porte to adopt the only means which in the actual
state of things . can .obtain for English creditori that justice
which they have long and vainly soliciteil—namely, by making
;publicly known what are the intentions of the Government
• with respect to the debtors, and by giving a formal assurance
that they may, without risk to their persons, return home
and appear before the competent tribunals, in order that justice
may be done to their creditors.
". The Ambassador, in recommending this important propo-
sition to the acknowledged wisdom and equity of the Sublime
•:, Bide, seizes this occasion to have the honour, &c. &c.
• (Signed) " STRANGFORD."
'ODESSA, SEPT. 3P.—(Extract of a Private
Leiter.)—" We have had for some days frequent
-arrivals of vessels from Constantinople, and they
all bring us news which is favourable to the
cause of the Greeks, in the Peloponnesus and
theMorea. The Captains of these vessels, to
whatever nation they may belong, are all agreed
that at present there prevails a general humilia-
tion and
.--at:-,Constatitinople.—
The exhausted state of the Treasury—the avidity
• of the Government, which covets all the precious
• metals yet in the possession of individuals, and
the bad news which haS arrived 'from Greece,
'and from Asia, where the Persians have gained.
great advantages, have all conspired to. Produce
-discontent and consternation in the inhabitants
-of the Capital. At the departure of the last of
• 'these vessels, the news of a great naval victory
obtained by the Greeks in the -vicinity of the
' Straits of Negropont was alsoin circulation. It
:is generally agreed that the J/ellenians have
fought valiantly in the Morea at the last invasion,
• that the Lieutenant of Chourschid has been
shamefully driven out of, it, and thatthere remain
very few of all the , warriors-who accompanied
• him, except a few fugitiVes who have found
refuge for a short time in the walls of Corinth.
We confess that the Greeks have signalized them-
-selves by their -activity and' their courage-that
they have done much, more even than could be-
- expected from a people so*long enervated by the
- most cruel slavery. But we do not the less
• -look forward to the future without inquietude..
The last victories which the Greeks '.'have
••• gained may, perhaps., not be successes,• and
. may induce some of the Christian Powers
to declare in favour, of the Turks. According to

the principles proclaimed in some European Ca-
binets, one is almost tempted to believe that
they are disposed to make common cause with
the Divan. It is, besides, no longer a mystery
that a Power which always pretends to the
direction of European affairs, wishes it to be
formally declared at the -approaching Congress,
and adopted as a principle, that the Sublime
Porte forms an integral part of the European
system, and which signifies, in other words, that
the Grand Seignior is a Member of the Holy
Alliance, though he has not yet been required to
sign that solemn Treaty. But his Highness will
always reap from it the greatest advantages, for
this Treaty insures him against every body a
guarantee for his Provinces, and the integrity of
the Ottoman Empire."
A letter from Constantinople of Sept. 20, an-
nounces that the Spectateur Oriental has at
length published the news of the defeat of the
Turks in the Morea. A number of the Journal
so devoted to the Masters in Smyrna, and hi-
therto so opposed to the cause of the Greeks, is
looked for here with impatience.
BucllArtesT, SEPT. 26.—The new Hospodar,
Ghika, has made his solemn entry into this city,
surrounded by his Counts, and by 2,700 Turks,
who served him as an escort. The former Turk-
ish garrison, pretty well enriched during its stay
here, has given, way to these new corners. We
hope, however, that no more than 700 men will
remain in Bucharest, and that the rest will be
cantoned in the neighbouring villages. •
FRONTIERS OF MOLDAVIA.--.-What has passed
in the two principalities since two years, and is
now passing, exceeds all belief. Posterity will
not credit our recitals, and yet they are perfectly
correct. The Turks, it appears, have the privi-
lege of bringing the plague into Europe, and they
do not neglect to make use of it. The two
Christian provinces of Wallachia and Moldavia
are now transformed into two Turkish Pachalics.
A Divan-Effendi, under the name of a Christian
Prince, decides on the life or death of the un-
happy Wallachians and Moldavians. The eva-
cuation, of which so much has been said, was only
a ridiculous piece of fraud and deception, for as
Janissaries, gorged with blood and pillage, de-
parted on one side, there entered on the other the
Bulgarian Militia, equally desirous of plunder.—
MiFfortunes succeed uninterruptedly, and no end
to them is foreseen, for the audacity and inso-
lence of the Turks constantly increase. The
Hospodar, Ghika, has arrived with a corps of
fresh troops, and of hungry courtiers, at Bucharest,
after the former troops had left. This is the
promised evacuation
TRIESTE, OCT. B.—We have received, via
Zante, important news from the Morea. The
Turks, who had taken refuge in Corinth, made
a sally on September 16th, which had a fatal ter-
mination for them. The Greeks killed 4,000 of
them, and afterwards made themselves masters
of the town and port of Corinth. The remains
of the Ottoman army had again taken refuge in
the citadel, where there are also 3,000 wounded
and sick, which adds not a little to the embar-
rassment of the Turks, though they received
some supplies the evening before they made the
sally.—[More recent news arrived from Ragusa,
of October 2, announces that the citadel had
surrendered on September 24, to the brave Colo-

cotroni.]
The Turkish fleet, as we have heard, has
passed along the coast of the Morea, going to-
wards the Dardanelles, but constantly pursued
and annoyed by the Greek fleet, and losing con-
tinually on the voyage. The 13th September it
entered the gulf of Napoli de Romani; imme-
diately all the Greek vessels left the islands of
the Archipelago, and joined their squadron;
which now proposes, with its great strength, to
attack and destroy the Ottoman fleet. News
from this quarter is expected with impatience :
the inhabitants of the islands are animated with
the greatest enthusiasm, and the position of the
Turkish fleet in the Gulf is not at all favourable,
and renders its defeat easy.
MILAN, OCT., 12.—A Deputation of the Re-
gency of Urgel, having at its head Don Labrador,
has passed through our territory to go to Verona.*
A certain person, who has the entire confi-
dence of the captive Monarch, also goes to the
Congress under the feigned name of Don Orcus.
The Quotidienne, speaking of the right of
foreign interference, says—" There is in these
great questions, which essentially interest the
order of Europe, something superior to all argu-
ments, however specious they may be—l mean
the public voice and the conscience of mankind;
both speak loudly enough on this occasion, and if
the Sovereigns assembled at Verona will consult
them, they will not be uncertain as to the part
to be taken. If, besides, precedents were ne-
cessary, to decide them, let them recollect the
uncertainties of Pilnitz ; who will venture to say
that these hesitations did not produce the 10th
August and 21,st January ?"
A letter from Bayonne, of Oct. 17, in the
Quotidienne, says—" As to the appearance of
Mering, it is not generally believed; it isasserted
he has, been, dead several months. I have lately
seen an ecclesiastic, his intimate friend, who tells
me his death: is too true. Ile would certainly
have re-appeared during recent events if he had
not. sunk ,under his fatigues."
