$lOll.

DUBLIN, JULY 21.—Tuesday.a splendid breakfast
was given by tier Grace the Docliess'of RICHMOND,
at the Lodge in the Park, to a numerous assemblage
of the titst distinCtion. Her Grace, with that bene-
volence' which has always marked her conduct, .and
in ord((r to" render pleasure subservient to objects of
humanity, introduced a kind of fair or market, at
which, in marquees pitched for the porpo.se, a great
variety of articles, wrought by children of different'
charitable institutions, were exposed for sale. Tile
beneficent intention of t he' Noble Hostess was cheer-
fully seconded by her guests, and the stock went off
at prices and with a rapidity highly pleasing to all
concerned.

Saturday morning the Asp Custom-house Lugger,
of Deal, carne into Dover, the Crew having in the
course of the night been on shore at Deal, in their
boats, accompanied by the boats from the Nimble
Custom-house Cutter, of Deal. They had been in
pursuit of some Smuggling Boats which had gone on
shore, but on landing, they were fired on by a party
from the shore, the consequence of which was, that
two of the people in the Custom house boats, Ellis
and Bruce, were killed on the spot, and a third is so
badly wounded as to lie withouthopes of recovery,
having received two shots; two others are slightly
wounded. Soon after the lugger came in, a Jury
was summoned, who returned a yerdiEt of—lkitful
bipersons unknown. Two boats and a part
Of the goods were, however, taken ; the smugglers.
made their escape.
A very alarming. fire...broke out nn Saturday, at
Welton, Bucks, at the house of Captain DUNAVER,
which consumed the mansion, together with furni-
ture to the amount of several thousand pounds. It
was occasioned by. a beam 'which communicated to
a chimney taking fire. It was supposed that.the
beam had been on fire several days, and it broke,
out in the boards of a' first floor bed-room. The
house was on tire before the conflagration was dis-
covered, as it happened when the - family were in
.bed. Prov.-identialiy the persons in the house escaped
with considerable difficulty,

LAW RBPORT.

KING's BENTC'n, (it Loi-lAT.t;, ICILY 23,
SITTING,'A FT:ER THRbid
. .

SIR J(.3IIN.CAI3R against HOOD AND ANOTREE,

This ryas :an aai;on for a libel accompanied ,vith
cartmturo M 4. GA RA', W Ina:JO:Alt Epic spetf‘h
on behalf of the.Piainlitf; of;who e abilities ani c:)a •
ra&er bespoke very.highly as did the ATTORNEY.
GENERAL for the Defendants. i• •
Lord 'l-LENEOROUGH gave it as' Ilk
O~li:iion drat
the 'aelion could .not be, maintained re a polo( f
-brw verdict was therefore given for the•Th.fell,l.
ants.--:-"The Duke of Bedford, Earl Modutnori
Viscount Valentia, and: other persons of r ink d
charatter attended on behalf-,o€ Sir John. Catr.

COURT OF COMMON 'LEAS, lULY

SLANDEIIf

FLOWER V. CLAYTON.
The Plaintiff in this case is a Printer; the De-
fendant ,is a Dissenting Clergyman. The aetiou
was for Slander, to which the Defendant pleaded
the general issue—Nat
Mr. Serjeant SHEntERD for the Plaintiff stated;
that his Client was the Duferidatit's uncif,:, and
brought the aaion Merely for the purpose of check
ing the repetition of the sland& against him, and
Clearing his charaEter.. The words on which the
adion, was . founded, were spoken upon an
.occasion
when the Defendant was asked, whethor lie had read
a publication of the Plaintiff; The reply was, "to ,t
Mr. Flower was so baser man, that he never rea;f,
any of his publications--'hat he had been guilt/ Of
forgery, and-that his mether•had perjured herself
in order, to save his life, by swearing that the wrnieg
was lier's.7—The Defendanthad put no lustitication
on the record, which he might have done if he coma
have proved the charge to be well founded, bpt had
;merely pleaded, that he had not spokeu the word,.
Qf that plea, however, he would soon cleprivce hi:p,
by calling two respe&able wituesses to whom the
words had been addressed.
Mr. Flight, a coal merchant, at Hackney; was
then called, and stated, that in July last year, he
saw the Defendant at Hackney, and asked hint-whe-
ther he had read a publication of his uncle, Mr.
Rower (this it appeared, was a new edition of Mr.
Robinson of Cambridge's works, to which the Plain,:a
tiff had prefixed :a life of Mr. Robinson.) "l'he lJe-
fenclitint replied, that he had nob; and, in the course
of the conversation,• introduced the- charge of the
Plaintiff having been guilty of forgery, and his mo-
ther having saved him from the etfe&s ef the. law by
swearing the 'writing to be her's. This was coin,
municated to him in confidence, and he never said a
word about the Matter, as it alluded to an old fairOy-
affair that had taken place twenty years ago, nil he
understood that it had been repeated by the affenda
ant himself to Mr. Palmer, in February last. In
consequence of this he waited upon him; and desires
ed a ft4rther explanations The Defendant said he
had papers to prove what .he asserted ; but alter-
wards called for the Witness, and stated, that it was
not forgery of which Mr. Flower had been guilty,
but an offence equally heinous, as he had gone to his
mother with a delibetttelie in his mouth, and got a
power from her to transfer her property from one
stock to another ; and that when the old lady was
proceeding in -her carriage to the Bank, to receive
her.
.dividend, she was stopped and informed, that,
all her property in the funds had vanished. On his
cross-examination, he admitted that he had under
.j
stood that the Plaintiff, in the early part of his
.14'4,
had been,astock-jobber, and had lust a great deal of
his own and his mother's money ; but he had :Oways
conceived that the speculations with (be niothei-'s.
property had been with her own consent. He also
admitted that he had heard of the circumstance, of
the mother's being about to.proceed to, receive her
dividend, and that she • had been for some days dis•
traded on hearing of her loss,
Mr. Palmer, a Dissenting Clergyman, deposed,
that he had asked the Defendant, in February last,
whether he had seen Mr. Mower's publicationt and
the refle6tions contained in it against him, Mr,
J. Clayton, and his family. The Defendant re-
plied that he very little regarded what Mr. Flower
might say, as' he had forged his mother's baud.
writing, &c.• He had never told this to ahy but
Mr. Flight, whose opinion he wished to have, as he
suspected there must ha.e been soihe mistake. In
about four days afterwards Mr. Clayton had called
for him, and exPlained that it was not a forgery, but
a fraud, of which the Plaintiff had.been guilty. 'The
nature of this fraud he communicated, as had been
stated by the,other Witness. He believed the cbarge
would not have been made by-the Defendant, bau it
not • been for his having said that Mr. Flower had
made refiedions on him and his family.
. Mr. Serjeant LENS, for the Defendant, pressed
this last circumstance strongly. As, to the iu,tifica-
tion, it was impossible that his Client could justift
the charge of forgery,.which was the only one on the
record. He had been in a mistake about that ; but•
he asked the Jury whether, if the adios) had been
brought for a charge of fraud, the Detendatit would
not have had a complete justification_- or he pat it to
theM, whether, even upon the evidence adduced by
the Plaintiff. himself, th 4 were not of opiuion that
a gross fraud .had been pradlsed on the mother, by
which she- had :been reduced from considerable af-
fluence to beggary. But he submitted to the Judge,
whether, even under the charge of forgery, explain-
ed and qualified as it was, the Plaintiff could fruve -
a verdict.' .. If he could, the smaliest damages would
suffice. The Plaihtiff, he thought, had judged very
unfortunately for himself in coming into Court'
at all..

Sir J. MANSFIELD, C. J. oWerved; that if the
explanation had immediately followed the charge of
forgery, the Plaintiff cbuld not support himself upba
that ground ; but as a period of eight tuontiiS ,d
intervened, be could not say that the accusation had
.not been for forgery. If the Jury should be of opi..
nion that the charge of forgery had been proved,
they must. find for the Plaintiff, as no justification of
that had been attempted. The question then would
be as to
,the damages, which they would award,
upon a full consideration of all the circumstances.—
Verdiel fur the Plaintiff—painages 40s.

It is no wonder that a rupture should have hap-
pened between the Noble Pair whose names appear-
ed recently in a Court of Justice, since the Plaintiff's'
Counsel acknowledged that for some tine tug-; ;14t1
separatebeds.

SPAIX.

OVI EDO, 1U LY i 2.

PROCLAMATION .
Of Don IGNACIO FLOREZ, President of the:Cpremi

junta, under 1116 Date.

" To the Poles, the Italians, and the Portuguese, who com-
bat in the French Ranks.

: " Brave Soldiers ! whom a cruel destiny harriaced
in the midst of your enemies, that you may, wage
a sanguipAry war against Spaniards, and assist the
French to impose upon us the yoke which cp.-
presses you, we intreat you to pause. Assuredly,
when you see _yonrselves in the . centre of 'Spain,
in the midSt of so many powerful arMies, qnd that
Europe, asleep and enchained, is insensible to your
misfortunes, yoti will believe yourselves deprived. of
all consolation under the complicated -miseries that

- surround you. •
- " But, dearest Brethren ! yo.o have not yet studied
the theory of liberty, and.the numerous resources it
supl:rlies when supported by religion and fidelity.
You do not know, doubtless, that as yet the human
species is not so utterly degraded to every feeling of
the dignity of our nature, that all tite nations of the
earth are absorbed in selfishness and apathy. There
yet exist on the face of the globe those who are suf-
ficiently generous to prefer death to slavery, who are
wise enough not to be deceived by perfidy, who are
valiant enough not to be subdued,by -the ent!mies of
humanity ; who can coiled, a force physical and
moral, invincible and irresistible; having their Bands
armed by justice, and their breasts inflamed with the
electric hre of patriotism, to oppose to the organiza-
tion of a few plundering bandS, supposed to,concen-
' trate their-own\ ?milts all military discipline, ,
" Valiant Soldiers ! do you not see with your own
eyes the fierce spirit of the Spanish people ? Do you
not see the veteran armies of France panting and
beaten on all sides, dissipated like .dust •in Bceticia,
Lusitania, and Celtiberia ? Do you not see- the Miser-,
• able crowd of Frenchmen who sought refuge by en-
trenchments in El Retiro, waiting with fear and
trembling the attack of our phalanx, to make an
ignominious capitulation, or to surrender at discre-
tion ? Look- then attentively, and you will see the
problem solved, and that universal principle, irre-
fragable as the/elements of nature, secure to future
ags its beneticial operations.
. But if you are yet, disposed to, admire the pre-
sages of liberty and of honour, come hither, and you
• will. see what passes in . the little mountainous pro-.
vitice it Asturias. You will see, that the detested
Napoleon and his satellites are not formidable to the
Asturians. You will know, that when. the confine-
ment of the Royal Persons, and the iniquitutis pro-
scription of the whole of their respedable dynasty were
discovered, the people rose, as by one common con-
, sent, animated by one common principle, or, tta speak'
more properly, urged by the inspiration of Heaven,
presented themselves in multitudes to obtain arms,
without distindion of age,- rank, or condition of
lite. Students, graduates, merchants, gentry, clergy,
artizans, labourers, all cry out to be armed and united
to the public force. To the number of 24,0.00 men
arms were given by the General Junta, reserving,
for a time of greater necessity,the same corn ph unent,to
60,000 more, animated by the like patriotisin,whose
names are enrolled in the public books.
• " Generous Friends ! both the impulse of nature,
and the records of history, when properly exatnined,
show that the Asturians uniformly utifold these ener-
getic sentinaents of liberty and honour. Accustom-
ed to behold our common mother; for.so we may
. express ourselves, bounded on the North,, by the im-
mense waters of the, ocean, and on the South by the'•
vast mountains which proted us, it seems as if
destiny had prepared within the gaping fissures of
our rocks a residence for liberty secure from the at-
tacks of ambition and crime. The ideas which the
continual view of these magnificent objeets faeces-
sarily impart, must strongly impress the Asturians
from the earliest childhood, and must fortify
that natural instin& which all. men feel ie fa- -
your of liberty. ',The annals of our ancestors are not
concealed-even from children and women ; but they
are informed of the restoration of the monarchy, and
of the glorious resistance to ther-A,rabian invaders in
the Bth century by Asturian valour. Such narratives
add to the powerful effeet of the peculiar situation of
our country, and the singularities of our climate,
that indelible charader • which .must . ever, exhibit
itself when unjust aggression is to be.resisted, and
disgraceful chains' are presented to• us. Yes, it is
manifest, that we. nourish among us the generous
seed of the early restorers of the Monarchy, which
is daily unfolding its treasures to support us under
atrocities and horrors before unattempted. , Oh
shades of Pelayo and,' Fruela which- inhabit, those
regions of light and glory where the. Eternal resides,
doubtless you will implore the, protedion of the, Sn- -
.preme. Being for those who are inspired by the same
hopes, aid to encounter the same dangers !
" -Come, then, to us, illustriouS Poles, Italians, •
-and Portuguese, who fight with those who oppress

you. You,-Countrymeli of Cato, of Brutus, of So,
b►eski, and of Gama, arerequired to support, in the
face of the universe, those who .have forced you from
the boSOms of your mothers, from your wives, and
from your children, and have drien you,.like Beasts,
to the army of Murat and of Grouchy, to destroy,
contrary to your wishes, the innocent Spaniards,
who love you, and who -invite you to, defend, in
their society, the indefeasible rights of reason and,
jiAstice, and.who are anxious to assist you in aveng-
ing your own oppressions. NO, assuredly,
.you ate
-nut inclined to destroy us. Throwyourselves, then,
into the arms of the Asturians, who will. receive
you with the affeetion of brothers„-.Let os unite our
forces, and do not let us loser: moment-in extermi-
nating those cruel' desolaters who have bathed_ Spain
in -blood, in violation of all the sacred laws of ha-,
manity.

" Your experience, sufficiently unfortunate
,for
3rburselves, will prevent you again being deceived
by their intrigues and falSehood. Rely; then,- tipon
oqr simplicity and truth; hasten to our standards,.
w 1 re you shall be respeaed and behyled. Here
yOu will find'an army really patriotic, • where'avarice
and ambition have no place,. the-. pay being only-
! yen to support life, and' the- authority being only
co:lecrred to preserve subordination. The prospect
~yr native mountains will present to you the

I.IiNDON
• At- tilt -SION-LIZ'

, `y
