To conclude—if we would duly estimate the state
of feeling, in a community corrupted by slavery, and
the evil that must follow from leaving it to such
communities to legislate for their unhappy depen-
dents, we should contrast the burst of execration
which, a few days ago, in this capital, added hitter
agonies to the stroke of justice which fell upon the
wretched Esther Hibner, with the general sympathy
excited among the colonists of the Bahamas, with
the more lenient fate of Henry and Helen Moss, two
not less guilty criminals.
If, also, we would duly estimate the unexampled
wretchedness which the Anti-Slavery Society has
united to extirpate, we must view, in connection with
this transaction, at one extremity of the Antilles, the
no less revolting scenes passing at Bcrbice, their
other extremity (See Reporter, Nos. .5, 16, 43, and
46) ; and while we may imagine what may, have oc-
curred, contemporaneously, in the intervening Colo-
nies froM which no similar returns have been sup-
plied, we must combine with them the picture of
slavery in the Mauritius, which has so recently har-
rowed the hearts of our. readers (No. 44). We
shall then have before us a mass of suffering which
may well make us to shudder, when we.reflect that
it has been inflicted, and it still proceeding, under
British authority ; and that, therefore, . we—this na-
tion—stand answerable for it. all' before him who
claims :the prerogative .of. being the avenger of the
oppressed. Before him and before the public do we
again solemnly pledge ourselves, without fear or
favour for any individuals, whether high or low, who
participate in this crime, to exert otnselves to the
utmost in vindicating the indefeasible claims of these
unfriended and outcast children of humanity to the
rights of British subjects; to equal laws ; to justice;
to freedom ; and to ail the blessings of the Gospel.

THE ARMY.

MONTHLY MILITARY OBITUARY.

Ltaur.-GENERAL—Montgomery, SOth Foot, Bath.
•

111aJoi-Galsiaats—Lattiont, late of the 92,1 Fent,
Robroyston ; Ford, of late Royal Engineers, Woolwich. .
CoLoNst--M'Combe, I 4th Foot, Fort William, Bengal.
LiEuic.-COLONELS—BaII, Royal Marinas, 1)ot-tan:owl) ;
Tarleton, half-pay, 60th Foot, Chesliire.

. .
MA-mu—Bates, Royal Artilbry, Mauritius.
CATraxxs--Foley, 3d Foot, Ithaugu!pore; A. 31Je-
donald, 38th Foot, Cawnpora; lingers, loyal Africau
Corps, on passage to Gambia; Brahan, Ceylon Regiment ;
Hobbs, Barrack-master at Coventi y, Coventry ; Stanard,
half-pay, 2d German Battalion ;De Dobren, half-pay, 7th
Battalion of the Line, King's German Legion, Hai-demi-1,
Hanover.

LIELTTRNA wrs—Knox, 2d Foot; Warrington, 6th Foot,
Bombay ; Irving, 51st Foot ; Du Pre, 64th Foot, Dub-.
tin ; Murray, Royal African Corps, St. Mary's, Gaml,ia ;
Beveridge, half-pay, Royal Artillery Drivers, Limerick ;
Brodie, half-pay, 24th Dragoons ; Crowther, half-pa)„
Ist Foot, Boulogne; Richardson, half-pay, 4:ith Foot ;
D. Purl of Buchan, half-pay 32d Foot; M`Kiation, half,
pay, 42d Foot, Springfield, Wandsworth-road ; Alter,.
half-pay, Ist Garrison Battalion ; Tennant ( Adjutant).
half-pay, York Cha'seurs, Barton, in Lonadalo ; t
half-pay, Corsican Rangers, Palermo.
ENSIGN-Paterson, late.3d Veteran Battalion, Ab'Alieeil.
PAYILA6I%I46-Bovill, ha!f-pay, Ist Foot, Paris.; Shortr,
half-pay, Recruiting District, London.
Qua ItTEII-MASTIIia —Roby, half-pay, ttatl Dragoons,
Coventry.

COMMISSA RIA DErAaTIANNT—Dopttty As,istant •
Commissary-Gruel-Al Ashton. Holtart's Town, Van Die,'
men's Land.

ff.
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT —Burgeon Batty, halr-p.y,
Staff, Annan ; Brown, half-pay, 28th Foot, Madras ; As,
sistaut-Surgron Stewart, 26th Foot, Demerara ; Mahop,
36th Foot; Ftt,laudt, half-pay, Ist B,attalkut Light 'in,
fantry, King's German Legion ; Harris, Ildf.pa Sta
