FitItNCH PAPERS, BE( EIVLD THIS MORNING.

1:1ANOVIIN, JULY 21 --We have received the
agreeable news, that the Prince .Regent has de-
cidrd triton giviog this country a> constittyinnal
and Ifaeral oranization. It"is saittil)at the Eno:.
lish Constitution will b,!, intradtteeti neverthvleba
with bottle Modifications. We are aksttred th.lt It
will be comt»unicated to the Vrovincial States 0,1
Ilanover immediately after their sitting.

people in geht.rtl do Hot iike ;tire .41c:re-pie
of our nsititory, which is nott' 36,000 ttl;s
is muel4.-. ti,t) great .in .tinkes of 11CACC. Part
ct
these'troops arts indoed in tita.arrny Lotid.‘"i'vt.....
lington ; bat a refinctiOn' iR expected; aml they
s:ly that petitions upon this inhject
scuted at the next Diet.

11412 N, Jul.,/ '2B—The State.; of Wirte'mherg.
not sit for some weeks. The grraft" part
the Members have gone to Stuttgard, but the
Cottferences of the respective Commis.ioners
continue without ititerrnption the u bole of this

ViicatiorT,

JULY 15.—The havvelt is finished, and
has been go tibtindatit titit if the earth Lad
tined awl sowed as in other years the Itoinin
State would have had enough corn to lat,t two
years. 'Eke price of bread bus Cillen, which gives
great pleavire to lhe pour.
'The minds of the people here nre much occu-
pied with the English expedition against the Bar-
b;irians. It, is the sttllject of every crioversatiott.
Not a single day passes over butt we heat of some
stew iii4tance of the insolence of'these

CIVITANECC.III A. JULY 19.—There are a great
Titimber of sh.ipi here only for the appei4t.
:tore of the English e.prdithin. It is not known
whether the Itohalt Posters will art singly or be
united to those of the English Admirta, who will
be regarded as Cononander-in-Chief in this enter.
prize. 11 Holiness hai armed two frigates and.
several ',loops. Five gun-kolas have been Tint in
/1 state of repair, and will he commanded by ex.
coent odicers. It is thought that they will join
the forces of Naples and Tuscany, at Sardinia.
trench ships are the only ones that arrive here ;
it is the only flag opon the. Mediterranean that is
not exposed to insults,
Coptsip Mario de Boni Wail, coming from
Citgliari, relates that an English ship, the Kent,
,was attacked upon these coasts by two pirates.—
TO one of them *as 14oissn-YoUssof,_ nephew of
the .oey of Algiers. After a very obstinate corn-
bat the Eniglish ship WAS tHkvil, anti the whole
ercw` made prisoners. A Frenchman who was
on board was Set 'Oll shore itr the shallop of
,:lions,nan-Yonssof. The English Ciptain seeing
lust could not restrain his grief ,and
indignation, but' vented his rage in. reproaches
Nom the conduct of the Algerines ; but the Ne-
phew of the Dey answered him, that, the Batha_
jails hosted the English more than they feared the

tigos of the tiesart. That they wished-they could

redoee them tell tit slavery, and destroy their isle
as be itad,liml the joy to do his ship. Then deli-
Neriog hinissif fl) to his fury, the pirate exet cited
ail 5.0114 of cruelty (Toll the uul,uppy
'lwo woe put twileatli, otherb beaten, und Whets
cuudemued e 0 f k the ship.
'1114..44, inyoutl en,!litranee, and England, whose

_ .
flag wtives proudly over the oceans,
'Stiffer th4t hord-of Corsairs should make sport of
bur 111111):Iiatious, especially persecute her
subkts. The diguity of her crown mid ht.r

cottAtietAtiott bud.) SVe Alai' Se ;the.
tiler Lott) Extn:,tith this time %%ill (I.esecod to treat
amitablVo,l,ll the I)ey of Alt(iers,-.lnd thiuk that
tali is finished heeatise itie has giv'ett him his word
without tt guarantee.

Lettets trom..tirmssets antioursce that the
tern of the Bdgion.Olaerver the Nai9 Jotine
hftve been, con:ill:mat:a to aplie,ir Liefore the Tti-
bow,' 01 that city.

ATAD.P.TD, 3t t.l 2O.—Colotiel ‘Vnricta hot' ar-
rivedi at Critic in, in the province Of Antipehia,
alter having cut in pieces different detachments of
the rehels that waited for him. The remains of
these handi'retreated into the interior, where it is
almOstimpossihic to reach then'.---[!'he Spanish,
papers contuin maw/ other details of the tictories
of Alorillo, utterly at variance with the. insurgent
accounts.]

WArtsAw, JULY 15.---The. Grand Duke Con-
stantioe has set Off for Petershurgh ; lie %rill be
absent for si K weeks. The Viceroy will take the
Provi,ionA Command of the Polish Army.

M. C.tellot is yet here ; he will not go to St.
Petershorgli, as IV aS S till vim,. time since.

JULY' 23 .--The Prince of Orange ar-
rived here on the IBth incog. to pay et 311011
to the Qicen his mother. This Prince set
off ,soon after fur Cost rin, %%here tint Grand Du-
chess lii, t% ife rens4ine(). The Queen of the Ne-
therldutki %vent the next day to Munchenberg to
receive her naughter-in-lov. Her Majesty re-
turned in the evening.

The King will devil for Crabhad to.morrnty.
Ills 11;+jr.sty will .go the first chty to 111,6gtlehini;li,
and %%. ill remain there until the 23ttt. He will
sleep (ii) the 2Gih at Altetibitrgh., and arrive, the
,fiext (lay at 'Callihan.

riv,is, 'Au 2,—About 2$ young women; be-
. .
tongin:to vitrimis families in the parish of Sailit
Sultvice, assemble& yesterday womb% in the
Church, and went in.processimi to the Church of
St. Cvucvieve, patrcitt Of to:olitain from
thh44.;aint, by their prayers, a cessmtioi3 ,1-11. the
wHin which we have bad fur two months. •

I'IIENCII F-Up4

5 eer Cents.
134nk , f. 25e.

AMERICAN. PAPIIatS,

- ,
New York Papemlikive feacised us to the 3d. nit.
The Governor of .that city bad. iStilett Orders, sub.
jectirig,i4'tptaratiti,ne'all Vessels arri.ing there be
-
tweets the !.$t of Jtily and the Ist of IsViveniber,
friintyaris ii, the-United kttires smith (41 the i)e•
foni any otisertplatter,'on
board which, durittg their last, voyage, there lt,ol
been tiny death or siekness.—The subscript hiss for
the Niagara Bank wis4 filled. up avltir such
That the sums entered aionnfed. to 1.,000,000 (161-
exaceding by 600,000 the eapitarauthinked
by law, A meeting In!sti been held of Delegates
flour the different Banks to the north Ward of NeW
York, to !sleet tain their disPositiotni toivards each
other, and to Hoke into the policy , continis.
ing to redeem their notes through the medium of
the. New York 1 anl.4. .TheirAleterinination. on,
the subject ,liad not trairTired,—The report of
the,arrfeul
,Joseph linonaparte's Wife and fa-
mily in Amer;ca is contradicted.---A letter.kpuh-
lished froM the American Consul-General
Tore°, relative to the crew and passengers of the
Glasgow brig, who' hail been carried into slavery
by the Moors of the Great Desert, upon her be-
ing wr-6elseil nt Cape Run. Sidney !client, One
of the Moorish thieftains;basl demanded for their
liberation thy sum of 7,000 dollars..--The report
etst BOlivkm on the reduction of Margaretta, sent
n expedition againsit Augustine, on the Orono-
! ko' is confirmed. 41 British vessel which arrived.
in America spoke, to the windward of Trinidad,
a patriot fleet of two bombs and IS'otber vessels,
carrying from
.15 to 20 guns each, destined to at-
tack Angnstura.—The intelligence in the Anteri-
can'Journals from Quebec is to the 7th 4)f June,
Sixty-seven vessels had arrived there since the
opening of the river, with valuable cargoes.from
Britain and Irekthi ; for which,,- howev4e, there
beinil nn retorn cotamoilities, and little casts, in
cirenlatioo, the ptlees t>f alitio4 every article had
fallen in ass unprecedented degree.

NEW VOOK, JuNit 29.—The. following is an
extract of ictter from Newhaven, dated June
26(11

" All 'Veil At this port, ialit evening, the revenue
cut' Fmgle• Cit Plaits Lee, from a cruise
tau g, Ott Satorday the 23ti boarded the ship
y %William Rioisell, Eq. -Comniiindvr,
12U day., ttorn Captoo, for Providence, 11. 1.
cargo, teas, Bte. Spoke, off St. Helena, tut
L"n ;fish frigAtt., t, to, 111 orwcd them that Boona-
tom e was r (lying his aciiireaes to one of the St. lie-
term Ludies "

IiALTIMoRR, JuNP. IV:dicing. ar-
rircd si tos port from Port•Aii.Prince, handed
oh OwlsiCh MIS received there just
helore 11'13 departure :
COPY or A LATTOR ',nog MR. PRANCIS
JACt-11.1f,M141., 'lO MR. SCRIBNUR, A litttpllANT
OP 14111'PL.ACii.
gort•alv,Prince, Jut 0t Igo.

it 1 arrived here last evening. unit, aeentding
to pi' olui)e) 1144 ten to,give pews of, the

Carthageh:an et;p;,tlition, RS reeoived by
front Curticoa, that came into port yesterday. -The'
fleet, it appears, proceeded to the island of Al 4:
garetta,',which they took but with little' trotthlei
where they Bung owl shot seven or eight hundred'
10yalists ; here't4ey took 13 vessels of war and
200,000 dollars in cash. With this reinforce,'.
meta they went toCumana, which, together with
six oeeight other towns on the Maill, it. in their
patiession Cand the last news states, that they
were Marching trinuiphantly towards Caraccas,
which no doubt is in their hands before this
The Royalist,General, Morino, bas made several
attempts to take. Santa Fe, but has been often
defeated ; he is now cooped up hi Carthagena,
from which he cannot stir withont the greatest
hazard. lo short, the Patriots seem to get the
better'of the Royalists in,aill parts, and it appears
tome very probable they will carry their point."

NEPAUL WAR.

(From the Calcutta Gazette .I%,:rtraord(narq.)

FROM THE GOVERNMENT GAZETTE EXTRAOR-
DINARY.

FORT WILLIAM, MARCH 15, 1816.'

The 'Treaty of Peaee'betn ern the British Go-
vertiinent and the
,Rajah of Nerthl. concluded at
Srgowley on the '2d of December, 1,815, and rati-
fied by the Governor-General in Council on the
9th of,the, s.ame month, _haring been filially rati-
fied 'by the Rajah of Nepali!, 'and the ratifica-
tions having been (I,lly exchanged between
Major-General Sir David tjebterloily, I. C. 8.,
Agent of the Gov'ernOr-General, and the accre-
dited Arnts of the Government of Nepali', in the
BritiSh camp before Muck wunpore, on the 4th
instant, a copy of the Treaty is published for ge.
:tend information.

Treaty of Peace. btiveen the Honourable East
Compatly and INTaliarajah Dikam Stth, Rajah
(;t- Nepattl, settled between Limit -CO'lonel Brad.
Shaw, no the part of the liontnirable Company,
in virtue at' the full powers-vested in.bint by his
Excellency the Rigla Honourable Francis Earl•of
„Moieaf, Knight of the 'Most Nnide Order of the
Garter, one. of his Yilicsty's
Privy Caititek.appitinted by the Gnirt of Dime.'‘
tort of the said. .Hoitoin.ible C,,ni.pany to direct
and eni4rohl all their ti!';irs in Ernst
and by S.eree (3,?nron :11isser,,and Chtintler..
Seeker' (11.)tiderob, the tiT,trajah Citi
inanrJuJe Ri4rarn Stiw .ne•hatl4.ler Shttinhees, 1101 g,,
in'virtor .J the powers• to, that: effect vested. in
ilierri by thesait? R of NepAttl • .
Witereas w,ir htl4, aOsem.bet wren the Honour•
able li:ost L)tihi Goon p;my and the Rajah Of. Ne.
.1,941 my) witerer the pairtile . ere" moth:lll3r
pried to 11.3 tore the rdatiOni'of pi•aeo.llld•amity,
rehich'previondy in the oecturence of the late thG:
fe.rcetes long suhsisted 'between the two
States, thefollowlng terms of peace ItaNing• been
agreed upon
Article I. There shall be perpetual knee and friendship
between the the EA'a India Company and ttlie itajah of
ISloptsol. •
IT. The. Rajah of Nepatri renounces. all, claim to the Nuts
which were the subject of discussion .hetween..tbe two ;State
before the Aaron,' acknoWleill;olt'llre light of the I-lon.Com-
,
patty to the'sorereigtity of tho,e tants.
ist,e. Moja!' of "Nepaill ht rely cedes to Mr Iron. East
India•couspany,• in perpetuity, ail the nittler.tuentiouitt ter-
tit
First, The w hole .of the .I,o* tomds.hetween the riviars
and Rapti. . •
Secondly, The whole of the low loni4 theexCeptii;ts
of footwnl KhliaiY betwyentheltttoti and I he Gnitiluck.

l'hirdly, Toe why e of the low lands tietwoen the Gunduck
and Coo,rili, in which the authority of the British Govern-
ment ha.: licen introduced, or is iu actual course of 'numly..
tion.
notably, MI the low laiids bet iceell the sive; Mcilthic and
the Teesati. • • ,
Fifthly; An Iht. territories within fhb hills east Ward of the
river Mei including the bet and hods of •Naggree and
the pass of Nagai-cote, leading front Mulling into the hills,
t (net her with the territory in:, between that iniss Anil Nag.-
gree.' Thr,aforesaid territory stiall be evacuated I)) the (iaor-
kttietroops within 40 days froni this date. -• *. •
IV. With a view: to intleinnify tbs tifiefs and Haralidars of
the 'state of Nepatil, whose interests si ili.sutier by the
thin of the lambi 'ceded hyt he
,forego;og article, the lltrtisit
Government agrees to silt tic pensions to the 14;i4 reg ate waatint
of tyo toes of yupees per atIOIOIIOIIiSOCIr chiefs at
heeled by tile. Rajah, of Neplad, Awl in the, proiairtions.Which
the ltajah May fix. As soon tb.± selection t 3 Made, Sun-
nods *hall he granted under the wyl awl signature of tho
Governor-General for the pensions sespectively,
V. The Rajah of •INiepatit reoontices for himself, his heirs,
and successors, all claim to, or connexion with the coun-
tries lying to the west of the firer K.rti, and engages never
to have any concern with these'couutries,. or the inhabitants
thereof.
Vl. The Rajah of Nevoid engages.never to molest or
dis-
turb the itttjah'of Sierenv the posikie!4ioa of his tyrrit,tries z
hitt apt,,s, if any llittereitee* shall arise hettveta the State of
Nevant ltitt the Itajtiti of Sieeetu, or the attquets of either,
that tote!) diticrences- shot' he referred to the arbitration attic
British Giirertimetu, by a hose:award the Rajah of Nepaul
engages ttt »hide.
VII. The Rajah of:Nen:tut hereby
.engn.ges never to take or
retain ill 104 service, any• British subject, .nor the subject of
any-Europeati or 'American state, without thecoincut of the
British (i-overisittoot. _ _

.......... ~
VIII. Cu order In eCure ititil improve the relations of amity
and ileaee, 'hereby eitablithexl 'between the two States, it is
agreed that accredited Ministers from each shall reside at the
Court of the other. • ' , • . .
I X. Thii Treaty, consisting of nine Articles, shall he rati-
fied ..y the-Rajah of Nepaul within tifteettdayl from this date,
and the ratification ratan be delivered to 'Lieutenant-Calvin:l
Wad show, who engages to obtain and deliver to the Rajah the
ratification tjf-tlie Gorernor-Lieiteral within twenty days, ur
sponur it pi acticable.
Dona at segovarty on the 2d day of December, I els.
i.. (t,.5.) -Ittiit Seat 'PARIS filt,i4DSl-I.IW, Lieutenant-
of the Coloael P. A.
(L.S.)- Rajah of CPOII.OO tIIJJRAJ MIS'IER.
(L.S.) Nepattl. CI II: :,.. II KR SECKITR OP.MBEAR.
Published by Command of his .ExCelleit4 the Governor.
Pcneral in C.itilicii.
IS;M"',111 4. 41.4.Ai, Secretary to the Government.

OtNEUAL t qtrlEltS.
fl y his Zxcellency thi Ctovernut-tiener3l hi Council.
, • r , Foit William, I,,larch 15, ISM.
'
The tiovertinr-Cliertii•iii Connell is pleased to
direct, that a PIA salute and three vullica of

fired 41, (Ili ttie oi
the army in hot -lour of the condo:4lon of peace
hetweeti the Britith Government anti the itiojith

of

{Signed} i. ADAM, SeC.itY Gov.

AItRi.VED-I France, 241.1;11-sel. and Jeney, 4 Dublin,
2 Waterford, Dog-1 LiAwn, 1 Holland, 1 thattu-
burgh, 2 liawburgh.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS PAY Al rwt:Lvt:, u'ut.ocx•
per Cent. Red.. ..C3ii ,', ~,., I. Asit, 1... 161 7-16thtt
et Cent. Ceti* .OA India tionsts, ......9s. Ills, Pr.
pier Ccuts..... .. 79,1 pf .1. Excli.th t it, .... 4s. tis.7s. {".:
per t. 'sit. N. A)ill.• 9sit , Coos. ito Accuultt,....•. 6313

SVOAN --Arerag* Time of I.lrown or Muscovado Sugar,
edtuputed hum the ittetttrus wade in the week ending the Jot
day of July. 1810, hS I lid.' per cwt.
. .

!UGH tVATEit A C L9NI)(iN BRIDGF, TO-MORROW,
N 10,111.14. 4(2 futilities attcl t 3. I Evening, 7 minutes after ra

THE 'UN.

fOLIM to, I!! rAt,

'.c

LONDON,
MONDAY, AUGUST 5, 1816.

Among our extracts from the Paris Papers to
the 3d will be found some very interesting corset.
relative to the Algerine and other Barbary States.
,Our Expedition fixes the undivided attention of
the Mediterranean Countries, and •m is said of
their co-operation against .the Barbarians, who
on their side are represented as employing vig"rou't
.measures of defence. There is an acconnt of the
capture of a British vt!sstl, called The Kent, after ti
smart action with the Algiers squadron cumlllantle4
by the Dey's Nephew. The prisoners were treated.
with the utmost barbarity, and only a French-
man (dishonourable distinction !), who happened
to be on board, received the usage mouton 10 •
civilization. We know not, however, %%lot ves°
sel is alluded to :—the Kent, 74, it cannot be.

Hanover, it is asserted, is aboiip ro receive the,
British Cnii,titntion, with some modification.'"
The people are represented as tlissati,fied rvith ths
extent of the Military Peace Fotablislimetit
30,000 men.

The official details of tile .terinination of lb°
Nepalti War happily relieves Us iron) noticlig an
E3slY'irc tote •Frencli Papers (under the date of.,
Hamb►►rgh, 2211. July), wiii .h"shews gist our
the East !pities is insufficient tot our es..
tended Empire, and reasons most synagistirallfr
that.we 'Unto fail in nnr Nevul,se contest. WII4I,
pity it is that the refutation to our
conjectural politicians is not .always So pat. 11
would save us much bickering, and a vast
penditure of logic.

Lot. STIWART, our Ambasiailor at Vienna; 11311'
taken the Chateau lately occuptea by Nisch".
MURAT, and resigned. by her in consequence eir
her altered circumstances. His Lordship gives
•
splendid entertainment there on the.
RE"NT's B4th-day. 'ripe Austrian Court, ;and
all the Foreigners of distineauir at Vienna, are
invited. TThe Fête is to consist of IJior4).°
h
Tueestrical iepresentations, Grand Ball, and 01~6.t
atint.ittaints, •

The Murderer of the Abbe &outwit bag "rill
Roman. Catbolick, in consequence, it
is said, tg
tloi'last prayers of the Abbe, Me was certahllY°'
disgramto the Protertant Religion which be Pr°.
feared at the time of Murder, but we solirs°
he belonged to that party which, only for conve'.
hiency's_sake, sseutues . the name of the
Protestants of the South of France.

The common report at MonmnOth is, 0)3( tirc
romantic possessions of Lerd GaGr. in thc
"'"
perishes of Newland and Staunton, 4.;lo"ec't°t
shire, arc about to be purchased by 6over"'cric-
and added to the Forest of Dean,:or what is lu‘'r
to be wished, for therereetion (>1 u sideudia
Sion for the hero of %#aterloo.

i'

•
Locut enant -General TDOMAS MAITIOI7'
the Governor of Malta,. and i4is Majesty's
-•
inissioner at the lonian Isles, has arrived ill u".
dun with his Staff.
Recent lefterS from Madridstate, that long
Idol
important changes are ott the eve a 'tali...l, +1 ye
in that capital; but of tile nature of the
alluded to no explantion is given. • An order liby,
been G issued by the ovvroalear for' a. let 11;
1)!'40t, of 60,000 men,' to.he einhotiied " I latc.;
litic In: the opittion.of some nerstms,-thi'ltlgr
sore is tolopred with doe view of leaviti'g'the
troops at the dispot;:al of Governtuenti
put pose of sending them to South-Ahlcrie#
Mexico, where their services ate h %tante- z.o.
Others talk of_ au expedition being intended :to
West Flolida, in the contemplation of a 111);
with the United States. The -American Ato '11),
sador, it is said,' has proposed to ab" 0(, ~
iii: tler
clisitn.4 of his Oovernoteut for seizures unW --1
of
the Berlin and Milan Decrees, on P"Ill:glipt.
West Florida being eedeq by Spain ; hut
the
MillittOS iliCilDeit uego46tiva
subject,

PotTsmouiii, Auo. 4.,-.'.-Saitetl the Laity cr.,
LowN, for
Auo. the ;Prince of
Orange packet 'far lielvoetsluYsi henry Freelitg
pachet fur Cuktia•ven'; Alliance 'packet fcit Gliat-
tc nbergh;:.......wind •

Auo. Majesty's ship
11Ora, bearing the flag of Admiral rtc.r..molus.,
bound to Newl6o'o(ll3"a'
Porkou'ru, Auo. Arrived the Mitlas,
BRIGHAt4, find Hew, TAOMPSON, both bound to
`Calcutta, wind-hound.--Wind S.W.
Aua. .arrived in our
Itoads.the Volunteer, .I)Awsn't;, fr,:ni Greenland,
fish ; WI esore learn ditto, 5 fish ; Mitrs,
SCaRE.SBY', ironi ditto, 20 fish ".; Valiant (the
111 aster dieCl the 10t1T tilt.) from ditto. to-day
arrived off this port the Neptune, ROBINSON, from
Greenland,' 3 hsh.
DEAL, Atm. 4.—Sailea 41N0 whole of the out-
'ward-bound fur their differerrt'destinat'ions.

Sir GEOltGe COCIOSURN has been employed pre-
eisely one year in conveying BUONAPAItTE to St:
Helena, and permanently establishing a system of
regulations for his safe custody there during the
term of his future life—it was on Thursday, Aug.
3, last year, that Sir Geottoa sailed front St.
Helen's in the Northumberland. The Zephyr
and Icarus were to leave the St. Helena station
upon the arrival out of the Falmouth and 'Griffon.
ICONAPArtiII baa lately been seldoM visited"by
Otir Officers. The state etiquette which is kept
uP at his residence (the observance of which
must precede all interviews), not only 'pre=
yenta obtrusive visitors, but shuts out all who.
Nye no taste for such burdensome forms.—
Raving, it would appear,' no further hope of ef--
feeting any alteration its-his present condition, be
is, from the necessity of thicase, habituating him-
self to conform to the life of a State Prisoner. Mr.
WmtneN,the surgeon of the Northumberland, took
a parting leave of him, when he took the buckles
front his knees and presented them to him ; to an-
other officer he gave a lock of his hair! The Leve-
ret ,Capt.Th ett n, was employed cruising to leeward,
and the Julia, Capt. Lewis, to windward of the
island. The Newcastle, Sir I'. MAt.coLst, and
Orontes, were lying at the anchorage ; the Ze-
Phyr Was guarding Ascension. Capt. lieu, or
the Zephyr, had exchanged with Capt. CAIIPHN.
TER, of the Racoon the latter was under orders
for the Isle of France. The l'i.reton, Capt. STAN-
rata., was at the Cape.

We baye been favoured with the perusal of a
letter from Croisic, dated July 18, which contains
the important information that the French Go-
vernment has given orders that English vessels
'ink. over 30 tons burthen, will be, allowed in
future to load with salt. The writer (M. FRO..
cikß) advises that vessels of from 34 to 36 tons,
British measure, should be sent. The salt is now
at 48 f. themuid, free on board, but is expected to
rise should the rainy weather continue.

A letter from Copenhagen, of July 20th, says -
•
" According to an account publibed by the over-
seers of St. Peter's church, the Committee ap7
pointed in London, under Mr. WtuitatFauFa,
bad received towards the repair of the damage
clone to that church by the bombardment io 1807
°IdY the sum of 961, up to the 28th of June this
year; which is a complete refutation of the re-
ores of the great sums to he expected from Eng-
;and for that purpose, and which some papers
Lave even fixed at 6,5001. sterling." We are glad
to lee a proof of so much Sense anti so little fana-
ticism as this paragraph affords. A fine tithe this,
truly, to be sending six thousand five hundred
Pounds to build churches in Denmark, when there
are so many of our poor famishing at home.'
The following is an extract of a letter from
Malta, dated July 2 By advises from Zante,
dated the 21st of June, a contagious disease has
'wide its appearance in 'two villiages about 30
tliles distant 'from' the chief town or city.—
rrempt measures have been adopted to prevent its
Wending."
fThe Duke of WeLttworom passed through
lichfield on the 17th ult. for the Royal Hotel,
irmingham, without being recognised at either
'Place. He dined and drank tea at the Swan Inn,
in Lichfield, without his rank being suspected by
ony one.

The Cominissioners for the liquidation of the
tuitional debt have 62,997/, per day to lay out in
the purehtise of Stock, for fifty successive.trans-
ler days. Friday was the first day of the quarter,
tend they purchased 98,0001. Reduced.
We are mach gratified in having it in our power
to st,ate to the Public, that the SuSsex and Hor-
elll4ln Bank, Messrs. BLUNT and RAPER, whine
816Pplige was occasioned by the failure of tbe bank-
i'lg-house of liaoca, Smtsou, and Co, have, in the.
hh"rt space of three weeks, 'paid 20s. in the
Pintud.
81L EYRE Coorst.—A few months since we an-
'4"levd, on the authority of the Gazette, the su-
Persedttre of this Officer from the command of
the regiment which he then held. Since that time
lity has been entirely removed front .the army, and
name., of course, strtiCk, out of the list we
lave BOW to record the last act of official degra7
kalion which ha was doomed io suffer: in this
cifinurY, upon a charge which should for ever be
bameless among es. On Saturday, in consequence
uf Order front, the Herald's Office, the proper
tt')/11Jer' proceeded; to the Stall in Weitminster
iveY, where his insignia of the Order of the
th were deposited, and front that -place they
"stew flown his banner, kicked it away, and CoM-
rrtiriy degraded hint,front the honour, which in
e_iiiys of his better' fortune, and unsullied -elm-
VerJ had been conferred on him.

.
On Saturday the Pattica.azdftWr lief a Coprt
at Carlton House. The Sheriffs of London and
Middlesex. -Sir Tito Nut's BELL and Mr. Ttiatata,
attended by the City Itemcombraiteer, were 'intro-
duced to his ItUyal Ilighttesi by Ltird Viscount
Stnmovrti, the Secretary of State for the Home
Department, to take his Royal 'cum-
niands when lie w'ould be pleased to receive the'
Congratulatory Address of the Corporation 'of die
City of London, two!) the late Marriage of the
Princess MARY with the Duke of atOuces,i'att,
when the REGENT Was pleased to appoint Tues-
day, the 13th instant, at three o'clock in the af-
ternoon.

His Royal Highness afterwards held 'a Pt
Council, which was attended
The Lord Prisy Seal, the First Lord of the Tiensury, the
Chaliceltor of the Exchequer, the Secretary of State for.lhe
Home Department, the President of the. Hoard of Contralti,
the Right Hon. John Sulliv4n.
An Order in Council was agreed anon to be
issued sanctioning the new coinage. Also Or-
ders for stew Seals for the Colonies, in cor,,e7
(pence. of the late addition of the Hanoverian
Arms. 'Viscount CU ETW YND attended as Clerk'of
.the Council. The Parses REGENT gave audi-
ences to the Earl of LivettrOot, and Viscount
Sinmourit. The Marquis of HEADFORT was the
Loyd in Waiting ; General FINCH was the Groom
in Waiting.
! t •

E KING;3II6ALTII.—On SiiiiirdaY, soon after
twelve o'clock, her Majest met her Council at the
Upper Lodge near Windsor Castle, to take into
consideration the Monthly Report of the state of
the KING, The fol►o►ving Bulletin was exhibite►l
at St. James's Palace :-

" WiNnsotteasTLE, B.—His MAJESTY has enjoyed
goad bodily health, and has in general been very tranquil
during the last month, but there is nu change in his MA,
a MY'S disorder."

IMPROMPTU
On the Orthography of Me New Coinage.
A single 'l' can never please
Critics, who always love 'IT.

WINDSOR, Au G. 4.—Friday evening the" Duke
of KENT left the Castle for his scat at Castlebar-
hill. The ,Duke ut• CAMBRIDGE left yesterday
-morning far London. After her illAxiisry had
held.her. Council on the stare of the KING she
went to Flo: more, accompanied by the• Duke and
Duchess of CLOUCRSTER, and Princesses AUGCSTA
and ELIZABE:TH. The QUEEN tode in her chair.
drawn by her favourite pony, The Royal Duke,
his Consort, and the Princesses, walked in the
delightful gardens and pleasure grounds till near
dinner tituc,•eud then returned to the Castle to
dinner.. In tile evening her MAJESTY bad a se-
lect party. The Duke and Duchess of GLoucesTEß
left for fiagshot.Park. They are expeotetho go
to London in the course of a few clays.

PoiNce LEoPoLn.—We are extremely con-
cerned to say, his Serene 'Highness has- hart ano-
ther attack similar to that he had soon after he
arrived in England, of the rheninatism in, his
head, in addition to violent tooth-ache. His
Serene Highness has. undergone the painful ope.-
ration of having another tooth drawn. He was
Confined to Camelford House .during the whole Of
.1118 t week, but, we are happy. to say, hp is now
much betier, as is his Royal Consort the Princess
CHMILiiTTE.

The Duchess of CUMBERLAND continues con-
fined to her apartment by tudisposition. The
Duke of CAMBRIDGE visited her yesterday, and
afterwards rode out on horseback with his Royal
Brother, the Duke, in the Parks, Bc.
Yesterday the PRINCE REGENT went to Brom-
Icy, in Kent,.to dine with the Right Honourable
.C. LONG.

The Duke of WELLINGTON and Count MuR.
ST ER had audicnce3 of the PRINCE RECISNT yes•
terdar at Cailton-liouse.

Private letters from Paris state, that the Com-
mistion of Finance has been examining two plans
which were laid before it : one by LAPITTE, the
banker; the other by GAUDIN (Duke of Gaeta),
Ex-minister of BUONArAnTe. The plan of the
latter was rejected, as it proposed an augmenta-
tion of taxes : LAFITTE'S scheme was preferred,
as tending to strengthen public credit.
R.nyal Higirness the PRINCE REGENT, on
Saturday night, visited'. the King's Theatre, for
the rir%t• time ,since the visit of the Allied Sove-
reigns to this country. He was accompriaied by
General Sir 11:111(.00MFIZI.D Rlld Count MUNSTER.
The Nitwit entered his box about a quarter be-
fore eleven o'clock and froth an apparent Well,.
nation to be-as retired in it as tiossible, remained
unnoticed by the audience, nearly ten • minutes.
His Royal Highness, however, was shortly after
recogn!,sed, when the plaudits of the numerous
visitants present became general from all parts of
the house. God save the King WIS culled for and,
played by the Orchestra, amidst the greetings of
the faslhonable throng. His Royal Highness re-
ceived these congratulations with the most be-
coming marks of condescension.

BIRMINGHAM THRATRICALR..-I•ELLTSTON'S SCR-
son here is still distinguished for its success j
KNIGHT, of Drury-lane, has been playing with
him for a fortnight, and has acquired great porn-
-I.irity, in some measure from the circumstance of
this being his native town, and the place where
lie began his professional career. INcLisport,
whom some of the London Papers have fixed at
Paris, performed, dnThursday, at thisTheatre, and
after singing a number of hit most popular songs,
addressed the audience, stating, that in all proba=
Witty it would be the last time he should ever lip&
pear before them, as he was about to proceed to
America, it being impossible for him to obtain
employment at either of the London Winter
Theatres, without submitting to " a species of
degradation unworthy ot a man, and disgraceful
to a Britoil.," He reminded the audience, that he
had sung ten times wore national songs than any
other performer in existence, and had been ho-
noured with the distinction ot upholding Several
musical pieces in the public eskimatieh.
Mr. KEAN played Richard' thc Third at Man-
chester on Saturday.
Mr:LStszciAtit Hutt Mrs. Dsvtsott are engaged
for the 11'e* Theatre at Limerick,

A. . .
PAlti3, JULY 2.9.--. The execution of the'* tree
• -
ter-etches, "Pleignier, • Tolleron end Carbonuenu,
which took place on Saturday, +iYOS as horrible et
. . • -
scene as could he witnessed ; it 'gave n very
ifnate idea of wittit the rabble of Paris Wert dui--
.
•
trtg the atrocities of the revolution. It V.,as not
`till between eight and ninein the evening that the
• .
`convicts Were brought to place of execution.-
Thestreets were crowded with fiersons, who waited
. •
with undiigtused impatience den ing the whole day.
neckshmally crying Vire le Rai! Viberities :4ourbons
along the streets. Judging by the multitnde, who
spent the whole day in this manner., one would
(conclude that the lower tresses of the Parisians
are warmly, even violently attached to the Royal
At length the cortege appeared . coming
along the bridge from the Palais de Justice : shouts
cif " Vive le Roi!" were redoubled on its appear-
inee; but this spirit was carried to the most
sh6cking extreme ; it 'was with difficulty that the
fens-d'armes could presient a furious rabble, whO
kept pace with them on each side, from , going
up to the wretches, sib° appeared, half dead,
upon the carts, for the Purpose of 'shooting in their
ears their crime and their actual condition.. At
length' they' arrived at the 'place of execution.
I saw the hand of the first person cut off : he took
off his coat, waistcoat, cravat, and hat, with6ut
any violence on the part of the executioner, who
occasionally assisted hint ; Jlie convict then nre7
sented his arm bare, and, after a'few SeCand-s, put
it into the fatal machine—the ake descended, and in
an instant the hand was cut off at the wrist, , This
was followed by terrific shouts from the .crowd. A
short time was allowed to elapse. and the wretch
was decapi:ated. The other two suffered pre-
cisely in the same way. Pleiguier, it said,
made some feeble straggles. 'continued on the
spot, but was so horror-struck by the first seene,
that I was unable td look at what followed. The
spectacle ut a man shot or hanged is not• so ap-
palling as o,ot :of the guillotine, paraCultirly in
this instance, • where the right had of each WAS
cut off previous to his- execution. That punish-
ment had hitherto been inflicted only upon per-
sons
sonsconvicted of pat rieide ;• it was probably very
wise to give an example to the rabble ;if Paris, and
nothing but an example the most rcrtible could
have any effect upon them. But even'those who
had the best wishes for the Royal (government,
have been shucked ,and terrified at the inbotnan
extdration of the 'crowd, at every stage of the
execution. A multitude capable of shouting over
a wretch convicted of the most grievous crime, at.
the moment when be was suffering death in its
Most terrific form, is a dangerous source of cow-,
Hence or support. It must be remembered', at
the same time, that such a scene, whilst it
graces the national character of the French, can-
not fail to strike terror into the disaffected part of
the rabble, from whom alone any attempt lo
dis-
turb the public tranquillity is apprehended.,
The lower classes, from the high priCe of all
the necessaries of life, and the want of employ.
went, are in a state of extreme distresi, and
establishments for the distribution of relief to
the poor, called bureaux de bienfuisance, have been
made in the several quarters of Paris, Over •
these the clergy have a considerable contrast,
the consequence of which is, the adoption of a.
regulation to grant no relief to any applicant who
is not provided with a certificate at 'having per-
formed the ditty of confessions. It may be very
laudable in the Catholic Clergy to 'attempt the
.restoration of their religion among the Parisians,
but this regulation has not by any means such
tendency ; its only effect is to deprive sto:
SCielltiOOS dissenters from Catholicism of lb*
relief which they would otherwise obtain, whilst
those who look with indifferencenpon all religions.,
'and 'upon the Catholic religion in particular, as a
mere mockery, will, not hesitate to make a die.
erect 'confession of their transgressions to a
prieSt, for the purpose of obtaining the necessary
qualification. It presses with peculiar hardship
upon the Jews, who are very numerous in the
quarter of Paris which is chiefly inhabited by the
poor. 1 have been informed that a few of theta
have cot off their beards and confessed ; their con-
version is not likely to last long.
The weather still continues very. bad; if the
rains should continue pinch longer) the harvest
will he ruined. The greatest anxiety prevails
upon the subject. -The Staff of the Duke of
Wellington, .or at least part of it, is returned to
Paris, and stationed in his Grace's palace, the
Elyste Bourboo.

BetoirroN.-,-The Prince Regent packet, 'of
this town, was seized by the Custom House Offi-
cers at Dieppe 'yesterday se'nnight, in conse-
quence of having a getaritity of cotton goodi con-
cealu►l on boar►l, with a view to evade the itnpbr-
cation duty. She was only released nailer a bond
of 18,000 francs, that the matter night be
tigated,
Stuczna.—On Smutty morning last, emelt six
'o'clock, at the Castle Barrack, Henry
first waiter of the 16th mess, put the mu*zle of
his musket close under his chin, and with tlie as,
sistanee of a poker pushed the tricker, the con-
tents of which went right up through his head,
the ceiling, and ceiling of the upper room. 'On
the Major's servant entering ids apartment, he
found. him struggling in the agonies of death; With
the poker gasped firm iu his hand.—(Limerick
ddrertiset.)

PRovlDgankt. EsCAPa.---Satorday afternoon a
young child, about a year and a billfold, MI from
a two. pair of stairs window, at Mr. Anderson's,
corner of Clare-court) Drary• lane, into the street,
and miraculously escaped being killed. The lit-
tle infant is severely bruised, but there are hopes
of its recovery.

Saturday morning a man of mean appearance
endeavoured to force his way into Windsor as
tle,, saying the pretnises belonged to him, and
thosq, who wetF in it. were impostors. On his
*big, removed away, he broke the windowi of
the Castle. 1I wss then taken into custody,
and brought to London, when it was ascertained,
that be was the unfortunate man who was some
tune since detected in breaking the windows of
the Secretary of State's 0164 e with penny pieces.

EXCIiANC7Z, AUG. s.—We had a Tll3(lCrig
supply of Wheat this morning 'from Essex and
Kent, fine samples or 'idtielt sold readily iA M
Aay's,Prices. Barley tva dull, tutl ls, pt r quar-
ter cheaper. Pease and Beans arge in demand,
and 2s. per quarter dearer. IThe prices of Oats
were the_ same as this (lay week. lo other kinds
Grain there was no alteration.

FOrefgn Wheat ,- 555. 655.
hine oitto - - -87 s. -S.
ilglish Wheat - 6i s. 71s. O.
'Fine ditto - il - Pis. —s.' snl%,
Rye - /- - - - ous. 31, 1 Old u.
Fine 'ditto
.f, - -38 s. !.-4. Feed (~
Barley - -- - - ' 275. 81s. I:ilk:din,
in, ditto - - - , 375. --s. Poland dit.
Malt " -
Fine ditto - - ‘ 58s. --s. POtatiie ditto
WhitePease (bailers) 40i. 425. Rape Sied . 341.
Fine Jitto - - - . 475. —s. Fine Flour. - -
Grey Pease - - - 375. 41s. Seconds -
SIIIIIFIELIIO, XUOIJST 5.-I'll4. day'
supply of prints Beasts, and dr
considerable; Lain!) and Vea.
and Pork, sold at last price; and the trade, fur the roost
part, was rather tirisk. The sales in the Hay2roarket wet.
rather lively; 'Hay, Straw, and Clever, fetched last prices.
subjoin in accurate statement df the prices and nuns-
bers :

Fine Grey Pease -40 s. —l. ,
Tii:l. Waits - - - 33.. 395.
Old ditto - - - —s. ---s.
Small 'rich Beans 115 s. 41$.
Old ditto • -.- - —l, —s.
Feed Oat; - - - 2os. 411.
Fitteilitto - - - VA. tbs.
Poland ditto - - C,ls. 97*.
I Fine ditto - - - 245. 2Js.
POthtinc ditto - - 345. --.4.
Rape Secd . 341. 401. pet last.
Fine Floor - - cult. 753.
Seconds - - 6'4,.. 70..
his, day's /11.veket had a good ,
ie show of Cattle in general was
*ere 'cheaper ; Ike() Mutton.

. To sink the oirA, per stone of 8.11).
, . Beef, 3s. 81. to 4s. Eui. Mutton, 41.10 4s. tot. Lantl),"4o.
tld. to Al. 91. Veal,' 4s. 4d. ed. Pork, 3-1, 6d. to 4s..Nd.
Beasts, 1920. Sheep and Lambs, 21,300. 'Calve*, alo.
Pigs, 390. . .
itty-Slart*Ez.:-:-Nity,•4l, Os. to 61. 15s. Straw, 11. 1 ds. to
4E, lss. dosser, Al. us. to 71.105.
