PItIcES_OF FOUEIGN FUNDS "PHIS [LAY AT OICE 0-CLOCE

Portman Bonds
Ditto Account
Portuguese Bonds
Ditto Account ...... .
- Ditto New 80nd5....
Ditto Account
Ditto, t per cent__
Prussian Bonds
• Russian Bonds.
-- Ditto Account
Ditto Metallic
13:3L„i Spanish Bonds
- Ditto Account
.....
- Ditto Bondt. 44's, 74 9
Ditto Account 4434 it
French, 5 per cent.-- ...... .1. —c
4 per cent —c
n per cent. —f. —c.
Exchange —l. c
'Dutch, :1.!4 per cent.
- Ditto Account
—! Ditto, 5 per cent.......
Ditto Account

Austrian Bonds
Belgian Bondi
Ditto Account.
-Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account
Buono; A Frei;
Ditto Account
Bond,
Ditto Actount
4,,,lianb'an Bonds
....-Mtfo Account
Coiat 'Liao Bond:;, :S2l
Ditto .kCcouol
Dinish
Ditto Accout:! ..................
Gm* Bonds
Ditto Bonds, I°'s• '
Ditto Account .................. —;
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent....
Ditto Account ..................
Ditto tt per cent
Ditto Account ..
Ncal,olitan

. A.M,%

,
PRICES 01. SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share
Moat Western Railway Company lO '2:04 7 6
Brighton Railway Company
Brighton (Gibbs') Railway
Lon,don and Blackwall Railway 3 5
condo," and Dover Railway Company 1 11
London ,nd Gravesend Railway Company...
London an Birmingham Railway Company LO no
London and Sou'Lampttm Railway Company l5 lei! 17
London and Croydon Railway Company 2 :3
North Midland Railwo• Company 5 83A, 4,
Australasia Bank
Danube and Mayne Company lO 814
National Rank of Ireland lO 14

PRICES OF IRISH STOCK
3 per Cent. Consols 9l
Ditto Reduced
3' per Cent. Stock 98%

:S, DUBLIN, JANUARY 28
Grand Canal Deb,. ti per cent BB
Ditto, 4 per cent -
Hibernian Bank
'City of Dublin ,Steam Co. WO
National Insurance Co --
City Debentures, 4 per cent 2.2
1 Ballast Office Debentures, 4
per cent -

Ditto New, 1830
3t4 per Cent. Debentures 9'46
Back Stock 21434
Royal Canal Stock 36
Grand Canal Stock -

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGIC TO-MORROW.
Morning 6 minutes after .2. j Erening .S 0 minutes after 2.

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
THIS EVENING will be performed the New Grand Opera of
THE SIEGE OF ROCHELLE.
Countde Rosemberg, Mr. Seguin ; Marquisde Valmour, Mr. Templeton
Montalban, Mr. Giubelei ; Michel, Mr. H. Phillips. •
Clara, Miss Shirreff; Marcella, Miss F. Healy.
After which, the Grand Comic Christmas Pantomime called
WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT.

Harlequin, Mr; Ellar; Clown, Mr. T. Matthews; Pantaloon, Mr,
.
Tumour; Haramsearni.l, Mr, W. H. Payne.
Colut2bine, Miss G. neekie.

To conclude with the neW rand Operatic Drama entitled
THE JE.r ASS.

Cardinal de Brogny, Prince Leopold, Mr Cooper; The
Grand Provost of Constance. Mr. Giubelei ; Th.: Bishop of Constance,
Mr. Seguin ; Eleazar, Mr. Vandenhoff.
Rachel, Miss E. Tree ; the Princess Eudocia, Miss Forde.
Stage Manager, Mr. Cooper—Acting Manager, Mr. Yates.
The lox -office is open daily, under the direction of Mr. Parsons, of
whom Private and Family Boxes, Stalls, and Places may be obtained.
Boxes, 7s. ; Second Price, 3s. 6d.—Pit, 3s. 6d. ; Second Price, 2s.
Gallery, 2s. ; Second Price, la. —Upper Gallery, Is. ; Second Price, 6d.

THEATRE ROYAL LYCEUM AND
ENGLISH OPERA HOUSE.
_ _

The Time for receiving Tenders for the Taking of this Theatre,
with all its Appendages, for a Term of Years, is prolonged until
the 6th day of February.
Applications for the particulars, and Cards to view the Theatre,
to be made, between Ten and Twelve o'clock, of W. A. Ar-
nold, Esq., Solicitor, 31, Golden-square ; and with whom the
Sealed Teders are to be left, endorsed—" Tender for taking T. R.
English Opera House."

HAMBURG, JAN. 19, 1836.
rtiIIREE DAYS of DRAWING being past, and
NEITHER the LARGEST, nor ANY OTHER of the
CA ITAL PRIZES, except ONE, being DRAWN, TICKETS
of the SIXTY-SEVENTH HAMBURG GREAT LOTTERY,
Warranted Undrawn, are now Selling at 101., say 101. sterling.
The next Day of Drawing will be the 24th February, and the
LARGEST CAPITAL PRIZE
of the Lottery, being a Grand Prentice' for the Ticket coming up
the first drawn Prize of Baneo Marsa One Thousand, will most
probably be drawn on that day. Ow further approach of the
LUCKY DAY, Tickets will rise cousiderably in price, but till the
13th February they will sell at 101. sterling. Direct without delay
to the Contractors,

HEINE BROTHERS, in Hamburg.

The publication of THE SUN NEWSPAPER commenced this day
at 5 minutes past Three o'Clock.

~,..A...c
-0' ,7„ ~.- Ali * ~,
-di .4- - 4-: 5,,,:.=
c.„ ‘4O
_I!.
(-,`:-.4*,%,
____.„,_2,
,41)::* ':,,'<_-;*-44'Fi: -

'
‘i`

`7'_?

`4"
‘te' .0 it, 'L'e) +

LONDON,
MONDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 1, 1836,

The terrible apprehensions in which the Tories
have for some time indulged, have brought the leaders
of that faction to a state of mind bordering upon in-
sanity. The apostate Times is reduced to a pitiable
condition. An occasional burst of the rabid fierceness
which characterised our Contemporary's denunciations
of the House of Lords in 1831, is now and again per-
ceptible ; but the prevailing tone is despondency, and
the hoarse ravings of an impotent implacable hate,
directed with a death-preceding energy against DA-
NIEL O'CONNELL. For the last four months the
burden of our Contemporary's daily address to the
people of England has been :—Will you bend your
necks to a yoke imposed by an Irish—a Popish Men-
dicant ? Will you allow yourselves to be made the
tools of the dastardly and perfidious minions of this
political Bobadil ? Will you submit to the state of
worse than slavery which he is preparing for you ?
Know you not that this monster and his accomplices,
the Members of the present Government, would im-
molate you on the altar of his accursed creed, to sate
the cravings of an insatiable ambition ? Are you yet
insensible ? Your KING is a captive ! Your Church
—your holy religion is on the brink of sure destruction,
unless you arise in your strength, and smite this Irish
Idolator to the earth. Your Government is in a state of
abject thraldom from which alone you can deliver it,
by wresting power out of the feeble hands of the
Whigs, and depositing it in the holy keeping of PEEL,
WELLINGTON, and LYNDHURST ! Remember that
your cause is the cause of the whole world ; that the
rights for which you are to contend include the bless-
ings of this world, and the eternal happiness of the
next. Think of old father DENS—think of the hor7
rors of the confessional—think of your wives, your
daughters, your sisters, your maiderj aunts, your
grandmothers, kneeling at the feet of brisk well-fed con-
fessors of five-and-twenty—and tremble for the fate of
the British Constitution

Our readers may smile, and they will not do so
without cause ; but they need only refer to a file of
the Times, for the period we have just mentioned, to
be convinced that we have neither mis-stated the
general arguments, nor misrepresented the manner of
our unprincipled Contemporary. How different from
this was the language of the Tory Press at the open-
ing of the last Session of Parliament ! Then PEEL
was in the ascendant. The poor contemptible
Whigs were nothing ; arid as to O'CONNELL, the
Times declared that he was immeasurably beneath
the regard of respectable public Journalists. In the
first transports of their joy, the Conservatives were
even disposed to extend the hand of reconciliation to
Lords MELBOURNE and JOHN RUSSELL, on the easy
condition (so the Times was pleased to term it) of
uniting the: in a league offensive and defensive
with PEEL 1111 CI WELLINGTON against DANIEL
O'CONNELL, J-CSEPII HUME, and the whole of the
Radical party in and out of Parliament. This scheme
of coalition the Times waS wont, in those the halcyon
days of its apostacv, to speak of with wonderful com-
placency. That most virtuous and consistent cham-
pion of Toryism, appeared incapable of conTrehending
how any public man could sacrifice the chance of
Court favour to the integrity of his political principles.
Like the Fox in iEsop, haranguing against tails, the
Times affected to laugh at the importance attached to
what it had not the virtue to preserve. But the Whig
leaders were not to be cajoled by the affected modera-
tion of political apostates ; and the consequence was,
that, aided by the Radicals, they taught a salutary les

son to an illustrious Personage, who, perhaps forgetful
of what he owed to the country, had lent too willing an
ear to the suggestions of individuals in whose mouths
the word " party" should have no meaning. Far be
it from us to insinuate that that illustrious Per-
sonage should be restricted in the choice of
those individuals whom he may. judge it pro-
per to honour with his private confidence ; but
after making the amplest allowance for the excessive
influence which women and prieGts must acquire over
a mind, naturally none of the strongest, and not ren-
dered firmer by the weight of years—WC cannot re-
member with unconcern, nor regard with indifference
the adoption of counsels, which, but for the firmness of
the people, had endangered the most sacred rights of
the British people.
The country has not forgotten the gathering call ad-
dressed by the Times to the " high-born, but low-
minded
,fools," (we quote the words of our Contem-
porary), who form the strength of Sir Ronlityr PEEL's
party in the House of Commons. That call, it will
be remembered, summoned from their " haunts of pro-
fligacy and criminal indulgences," a pack of " con-
, temptible pretenders," (we again quote the Times)
—" burdens instead of supports to the public cause—
betrayers of lira Church, the Crown, and the Constitu-
tion—blots and plague spots upon the Aristocracy, to
which they boast of appertaining"—to rally round and
defeild the cause of PEEL and Toryism ! Thank
Heaven, in having recourse to a similar measure—in
summoning the Liberals to unite heart and hand in de-
feating the common enemy—we require not to frame an
address capable of stimulating to honorable exertion the
inmates of such murky haunts of titled profligacy. We
have only to call upon men who have nobly redeemed their
pledges to their country; during the last Session of Par-
liament, to persevere in the righteous course in which
they have set out—to merge individual differences on
all minor questions, with a view to prevent any under-
hand dealings on the part of the Tories—to dismiss
the absurd and ridiculous idea of claiming a freedom
from the influence of party, from a foolish apprehen-
sion of being regarded by the country as the satellite
of a brighter political luminary—and on no plea what-
soever to absent themselves from their seats in the
House during its important sittings. It is but justice
to the Radical Members of the House of Commons to
say, that they are much more diligent and attentive, to
their duties in Parliament than either the Whigs or the
Tories. To prove this, a reference to the vote-book
of the House of Commons is necessary ; and here we
are assisted by a little volume compiled from Parlia-
mentary documents, and published by EFFINGHAM
WILSON, for the express purpose of apprising the elec-
tors of the manner in which their representatives voted
upon all questions upon which the House divided du-
ring the last session of Parliament. The highest and
the lowest names in this list run thus :

Votes. Votes.
Thomas Attwood 3llHon. Lieut.-Colonel Knox... 3
J. S. Buckingham
Daniel O'Connell 33 Sir W. W. Wynne 5
Joseph Hume 35 Viscount Clive.
Edward Baines 37IW. Y. Peel 7
Robert Wallace
Dr. Bowring 42lJonathan Peel 8
W. Ewart ... .42j Viscount Alford 8

W. Williams 43lMarquis of Chandos
H. Warburton 45 Matthias Attwood
Thomas Wakley .sl'Sir R. Peel lO

The above is no indifferent guarantee for the future
exertions of the Liberal party. We confess, however,
that many Members of the House of Commons, who
were more than usually prodigal of professions in favor
of Reform upon the hustings, have not realized the
hopes which such professions tended to cherish ; and
that,a few of them have actually deserted to the Tory
ranks. But the main body, under the sagacious guid-
ance of Lord JOHN RUSSELL, have remained firm,
and were never absent when the country stood in need
of their services.

We know that our enemies are on the alert to sow
dissensions among the Reformers—to excite jealousies
of the influence presumed to be exercised over the Go-
vernment by DANIEL O'CONNELL—to awaken sus-
picions of the stability of the Administration—and,
like the Fox in the fable, when wheedling the crow out
of the enviable possession of the piece of meat, to em-
ploy every artifice, however dishonest, to break up
the Cabinet. Already do we find them at their dirty
work. They affect to lament the want of judicious ar-
rangement in the marshalling of the Whig forces. They
condolingly whisper to those in the rear, that their
proper and legitimate place is in the van ; and those
who have yet to learn how to draw a ramrod, are told
that their place is among the veteran sharp-shooters.
By such machinations as these, the Tories hope to
divide the Reform interest, and so prevent the carrying
of those measures for reforming the Irish Church, im-
proving the Irish Municipalities, amending the laws,
and extending the blessings of education among the
bulk of the people, which have received the sanction
of the MELBOURNE Cabinet. But the cause of jus-
tice and the people will again triumph. Well may
the Tories be in agony—every hour increases the dis-
tinctness' of their prospects—they are on the eve of po-
litical extinction—and to increase their torture, they
begin to perceive that the fate which awaits them is
inevitable. Their last stake is down ; for the Mu-
nicipal Reform Bill has for ever cut off the chances of
another appeal to the people.

The Paris Papers of Thursday, which, owing to
the stormy state of the weather, were only received last
night, are still occupied with discussions relative to
the Five per Cents. They bring accounts from
Bayonne and Barcelona to the 20th and 25th ult., but
the statements contained in them are evidently the
fabrication of Carlist agents. According to them the
Christinos were driven back upon Vittoria in the en-
gage►nent of the 17th, and that their loss on both days
_ _

amounted to one thousand men killed and wounded.
They further state that Don CA RLos was preparing
to recommence the bombardment of St. Sebastian on
the 23d ; and had issued a decree ordering a fresh
levy of 15,000 men in the provinces of Biscay, Gui-
puzcoa, and Alava, who were to be prepared to take
the field on the Ist of March. It was not denied that
his troops were suffering from want of food, clothes,
and other necessaries. In fact the Carlists are repre-
sented as in a most pitiable plight, and as only sup-
ported through all their miseries by an enthusiastic
attachment to the cause which they have espoused.
The besieged in Guetaria were unexpectedly suc-
coured, on the night of the 7th ult., by a force con-
sisting of eight hundred well-disciplined troops, and a
large supply of provisions. This greatly disheartened
the Carlists, who had made sure of the capture of this
fortress. The following account of the recent move-
ments of the Christinos and Carlists in the North
is from a correspondent of the Indicateur de Bor-
deaux :

" ST. JEAN DE Luz, JAN. 23.—The attempts made by the
Carlists on the 17th to dislodge General Cordova's brigade
from its position at Alaban were renewed on the 18th without
success. On the 19th the two armies were in presence of each
other. General Cordova's artillery was placed at Venta Meha,
a building contiguous to the position of the rebels. On the
20th three hundred wounded Carlists were brought into Ber-
gara, and among them two superior officers. From this point
to Iron there are no more rebels remaining, except those who
Are before St. Sebastian, all the bands having been called to
the ‘ll-‘7,4-
quarters of General Eguia, t 9 defend the different
defiles leading' into the province of Guip„coa. 11th
Colonel Nollier attaclzfl, at Pradeconte, in Lower Aragon,
the bandit chief Torner, who hold some very strong positions,
but from which he was driven with great loss. Pradeconte has
for a long time been the receptacle of the rapine of the Car-
lists: Colonel Nollier, having nivain called upon the inhabi-
tants to furnish him with provisions for his men, caused a
general search to be made, and there discovered a great quan.
