HOUSE OF COMMONS, MAY 10.

In consequence of there being a ballot to try the merits
of the petition presented against the Tiverton election, the
gallery did not open al half-past four o'clock.
Several private Bills were advanced a stage.
Mr. BARNARD presented a petition from the General
Steam Navigation Company, against the Gravesend Pier
Bill.
Mr. DAWSON presented several petitions from places
in Leicestershire, for the abolition of colonial slavery.
Mr. SCHOLEFIELD presented. petitions from the
parish of St. Thomas, the members of the Episcopal
Chapel, and the elders of the Scotch Church, Birming-
ham, against slavery.
Mr. M. PHILLIPS presented a petition from the Pro-
testant Dissenters of Manchester, complaining of the
grievances under which they at present labour in respect
to the solemnization of m irriages, and the registration of
births ; also petitions from Chester and Birmingham,
against slavery ; and from the Mechanics' Institution of
Manchester, praying for the exemption of all scientific in-
stitutions from the assessed taxes.

- .
Mr. HUME supported this latter petition.
Mr. R. SMITH presented petitions from places in
Staffordshire, against slavery.
Mr. O'CONNELL gave notice, that on Tuesday next
he world wave a call of the House, in consequence of the
question of slavery then to be discussed.
A message ?tom the Lords announced that their Lord-
ships had given their consent to several private Bills.
Mr. WHITBREAD presented petitions from the Pro-
testant Dissenters of different places in Bedfordshire,
against slavery.
Mr. BULLER presented petitions from the county of
Stafford, against slavery.
Lord MILTON presented a number of petitions to the
same effect.
Sir R. BATESON presented petitions from the
ministers and elders of Clogher and Belfast, praying that
some measure might be adopted for the better observance
of the Sabbath in Ireland, as well as in England. Also
petitions from Coleraine, Dunboyne, Londonderry, and other
places in Ireland, to the same effect. The Hon. Member
also presented two petitions from Moneymore, and another
place in Londonderry, against slavery.
Mr. COATES presented petitions, praying for the aboli-
tion of slavery, from nine different congregations of Pro-
testant Dissenters; also a petition against the malt tax from
Wellington and Watlington, in Salop ; also a petition
against the Beer Bill from Market Drayton.
An HON. MEMBER. presented a petition from North
Shields complaining of the injury they suffer from the
continuance of the embargo on vessels going to Holland,
from which they suffered more than the Dutch. Since
the separation of Holland from Belgium, the former coun-
try had been supplied with coals from the North of Eng-
land. This trade must be relinquished if the embargo
continued ; also, two petitions from the same place, for
the abolition of slavery.
111 r. YOUNG said, that his constituents also suffered
much from the embargo.
Lord ALTHORP laid papers relating to the ecclesiasti-
cal revenues of' Ireland upon the table.
