Family are in security, In our hearts they have a sacred and
inviolable asylum.. To repel force by force is our first duty.
" It is not merely our liberties which are attacked, our in.
dependence is also assailed. We are menaced with a disgrace-
ful slavery. It is wished to stain the glory of the throne and
of the monarch who occupies it.
" Firm in our intentions, as worthyrepresentatives of the h eroic
Spanish nation, we will with one hand labour to consolidate the
temple which we are raising to freedom and virtue, and with the
other we will wield the sword in. defence of our work against all
who may attempt to destroy it. if necessary, we will mingle
in the ranks with our fellow-citizens, and prove to the whole
world, by new examples of virtue and of valour, that we daily
become More worthy of the hatred and. animadversion of ty-
rants—of the love and gratitude of freemen—and of the admi-
ration of nations and future ages."
On the conclusion of this speech, the spectators in the gal-
leries indulged in marks of approbation.
The President observed," that when a Deputy delivered his
opinion, neither approbation nor censure ought to be expressed
by the spectators. He exhorted the people of Seville to imitate
those of 'Madrid, and conduct themselves with that decorum
which ought to, be observed at the sittings of the National Con-
gress.
On the motion of Senor Canga, the Cones ordered the Pre-
sident's speech to be printed and distributed in the Congress.
Dispatches from the Minister of the Interior announced that
the King had accepted the resignations of Don Manuel Garcia
Harms, Minister of the Interior, and Don Jose Manuel Badil-
lo, the Ultra-Marine Minister, appointing in their places Don
M. Marriategni and Don Manuel Mugnoz.
. Senor Arguelles moved that the Ministers be directed to
make known to the Cortes the state of the relations of Spain
with foreign. Cabinets, and at the same time to propose mea-
sures for repelling the aggression of France, the Cortes being
prepared to grant all the means which may be required of them
for that object. _ .

Some Deputies were of opinion that the present was not The
moment for fatiguing the Ministers with a multitude of ques-
tions, and that nothing, except the defence of the territory,
should at present be attended to. •
The Minister of the Interior stated, that the Government
had prepared a Manifesto to' the nation on the subject of the
aggression of France, but that some official information was
still wanting before it could be published.
The Finance Minister proposed to read an account of the
state of his department. -
Several Deputies obecte4 to his proceeding. -
Senor Sanchez made the following motion The Spanish
territory being violated by French troops,.in a manner unheard
of in this enlightened age, 1 move that the Cortes resolve that
the Government shall, without loss of time, and without wait-
ing for the accounts of the several Ministers, propose nieaures
to. provide for the exigencies of the war which we have to main.
taro for our independence and national honour, without preju-
dice to the examination into which the Cortes may afterwards
enter, for-the ordinary affairs of the administration."
After a long discussion, which had for its object to render
the terms of the motion more clear and precise, it was adopted
by a.great majority.
SITTING OF APRIL 24.

A messsage from the Alinister for Foreign Affair was read.
It. included two.copies of the following
DECLARATION OF WAR AGAINST FRANCE.
" Office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.
" The King has been pleased to address to me the following
decree : , .
" 'Whereas the Spanish territory has been invaded by the
atrnodops o the
withoutf Frenchitz;
of clhoovseern
reptiltaisei•tiitel isout wh
iachdceuAsatztlio in of
lasslivnaer.,
tinned ; and whereas this act of aggression can be viewed in no
other light than as a violation of the rights of nations, and an
open commencement of hostilities against Spain, I, being
bound to repel force by force, to defend the integrity of the
States of the Monarchy, and to chastise the audacity of the
invading enemy, have resolved, after consulting the Council of
State, pursuant to the provision in article 235 of the Political
Constitution, to declare war, as in fact I do now declare it,
against France. Wherefore I charge and command all the com-
petent authorities to carry on hostilities, by sea and by land,
against France, with. all the means in their power, consistently
with the law of nations. r farther order, that this my declar-
ation of war shall be published wjth all due solemnity. You
shall hold it to be' promulgated for execution, making provi-
sion for printing, publishing, and distributing it.
In the Alcazar of Seville, April 23.
(Subscribed by, the Royal Sign Manual.)
" To Don Evaristo San MigueL"
A communication from the Minister of the Interior annou nc.
ed that the King had accepted the resignation of Don Sebastian
Fernandez Vallesca, Minister of Grace aria Justice, and that he
had made the following appointments, viz :
Don Jose Maria Calatrava, Minister of the Interior.
Don Moriano Zorraquin, .Minister for War.
The Minister 'for Foreign Milks ascended the tribune, and
read a report on the transactions of his department, after whic
the War Committee presented the following plan of a decree:—
Art. T. The Generals in Chief of the armies, and in their
default, if the communications be interrupted, the Generals
commanding districts or provinces, are authorized to form
guerillas, or free corps.
2. The commandants of provinces shall be inspectors of corps
of guerillas. They shall snperintend their organization, and
procure brevets for them, without which they are not authorized
to require succours from the towns or villages through which
they may pass.
3. and' 4. These articles relate to the equipment of these
corps, and the rewards to be given to the individuals who dis-
tinguish themselves.

6: In the districts or provinces occupied by the enemy, all
Spaniards are authorized to form guerillas. Their command-
ants shall be held to obey one General-in-Chief.

SITTING OF THE 25TH.

The decree on the formation of iuCiiii; and free corps was
discussed and adopted.
The War Committee presented the following plan of a de-
cree:—

1. All towns and villages.subject to the conscription shall be
bound to replace the deserters during one year from the date of
the levy.
Three subsequent articles contain provisions for carrying the
above measure into effect.

The following plan for the formation of a fbreign legion wa
also presented :-
1. The Government is authorised to form foreign corps.
2. There shall be admitted into the said corps all for. ign re-
fugees and deserters now in Spain, or who may come thither to
defend the cause of liberty.
3. In each army of operation, and with the General-in-
Chief, there shall be formed a commission, consisting of three
foreigners, known for their opinions, and which, in the judg-
ment of the General Officers, afford a complete guarantee for
their conduct and their intentions.
4. These Generals, chiefs, and foreign officers, shall have
the rank which they enjoyed in their own country, anti shall
be incorporated with others of the same nation in the corps
which are forming.
5. The companies, battalions, or squadrons, shall be on the
same footing, and composed of the same number of men, as
the corps of the Spanish army.
6. The formation of a second company shall not be com-
menced until the first be completed. The same course shall be
observed with respect to the third company, and so on until the
battalion be completed.
7. The promotion in these corps shall,proceed on the same
bases as in the Spanish army.
ff. In each army of operation, such corps as aforesaid shall
be_named7-Tti N LTUERAL FOREIG LEGION.

These plans for decrees were laid on the table for discussion.

Letters from Cadiz State, that the Veloz Mariana, a mer.
chantman from Vera Cruz and the Havannah, having on board
a million and a half of piasters; and colonial produce to the
value of half a million, was captured on the Nth of February
by a French ship, at the entrance of the Bahama channel, and
carried into Martinique._ _

The Espertador, in a long► article on the subject of this prize,
strongly reprobates the French Government, and says that the
capture is contrary to the law of nations, as war had not been
declared.

THE LITERARY FUND ANNIVERSARY DINNER
takes place, as we observe by
.the advertisement, to-morrow.—
It is expected to be fully attended ; and we hear that from
twenty to thirty distinguished characters in the State and in
Literature have signified their intention to be present. A Jour-
nal, on the plan and principles of the Literary Gazette, can
perform no greater or more congenial duty than earnestly to
recommend this Charitable Meeting to the attention of those
in whom benevolence combine:l with the love of letters. thuld
the numbers and utter wretchedness of that class Who are re-
lieved from this Fund be inane known to the public ;—could it
see and feel the many instances in which the application of even
small sums lifts up the despairing and .helpless votaries of a
Most uncertain profession, and gives them hope„chance, solace,
and energy ;—could it be told of the decent burial of the dead,
whose lives, vainly for themselves, had been devoted to the in-
struction or delight of the world, of the destitute widows' souls
comforted. and of the weeping orphans provided for ;--and all
by the prompt and judicious management of proportionately
inconsiderable means, the appeal for assistance would be re-
warded with contributions from every generous brelst in the
kingdom, e",l this Fund would be rendered as univerallyt effec-
tive as the el aims of those for whose behoof it is administered
are universal.
