them. They may laugh at laws, and Judges,
and Juries. But to proceed with the extract from
the Magistrates' Report :—" The persons who pre-
tend that crime has increased in this community,

wilfully disguise from others a fact known to them-
selves,
that none but enormous and atrocious of-
fences were formerly subject to judicial inquiry and
punishment ; all crimes of lower grade were visited
by domestic discipline when they affected the in-
terests (2f the proprietor; when they did not, and
the public only was injured, the master rarely gave
up the delinquent slave to justice, except in cases
which subjected him to the penalty of transporta-

perform, that those who wield it must, in the ma-
jority of cases, have a very thankless task to fulfil.
Now it seems to us that this circumstance duly
weighed should make such men as Mr.WA KLEY and
Mr. JERVIS and Sir WM. MOLESWORTY be cau-
tious how they lend themselves to the popular feel-
ing, or catch and act on the popular discontent. At
least we do not conceive, in the language of the
pamphlet we recently referred to, that it is a suffi-
cient reason to upset the coach that both the
public and ourselves are displeased with the
driver. Till we see some probability of getting a
better, it is wise and safe to go on as we are.
The same fact, however, of the inherent
unpopularity of Government, ought to con-
vince the Ministers that not only is
their task a thankless one, but it is also a most
arduous one. If they suppose that either they or
any other set of run can have the sweets of office
and none of its cares they reckon without their
host, the exacting public. They are watched by
numerous rivals, they are held to be responsible
for every public misfortune, and as no ex-
ertions, however great and well directed, can
possibly save them from gradually falling into un-
popularity, so negligence and carelessness or indif-
ference will soon fix their doom. At present their
good conduct as to Ireland has saved them, but to
ensure their continuance in safety they must not be
idle. We do not ask so much for organic as admi-
nistrative reform ; the are many of those which

tion or death , in both which instances the owner was
reimbursed for his loss. Much as has been said
of the sufferings of the negro in slavery there is
reason to believe that half of the horrors of that
state have never been divulged, and that
not th• hundredth part of such offences
as are now broutht before the Courts of
Quarter Sessions vere then made the sub-
ject of any public animadversion whatever." Here
is any apparent increase in the aggregate amount
of crime satisfactorily accounted for. But the Ma-
gistrates do not stop here. They prove from the
calendar itself that crime on the part of the ne-
groes in the district of St. Catharine had greatly de-
creased since the period of their emancipation. We
have not space for the insertion of these documents,
but a knowledge of the fact which they establish
must prove highly satisfactory to the people of
England.
In a dispatch from Sir L. SMITH to Lord GLE-
NELG, dated the 25th Feb., his Excellency attributes
the want of a good understanding between the
planters and labourers in most instances to the bad
temper, domintering habits, and not unfrequently
empty purses of the former. The payment of wages
in ready money and without deductions was what
few of the planters could stomach without exhibi-
tions of fury of which the negroes stood no longer
in awe. His Excellency concludes his despatch,
enclosing a great number of distinct reports—upon
the whole very favourable to the labouring popu-
lation—with the following important suggestion,
which has again and again been repeated in onr
columns :—" I cannot too strongly impress upon
your Lordship, in the hope that it may be forcibly
urged upon the proprietary body at home, that
there are many overseers continued in employment,
and of course brought into immediate contact with
the labourers, whose character for harshness, un-
kindness, and cruelty, is so well established, that
it is perfectly idle to expect that the labourers will
enter into any permanent engagements with, or
'eel any confidence in them." The fact is, that
,here is not a person in the West Indies, who was

at any time instrumental in the torture of the
coloured population, whom it would not be proper,
if possible, to remove from these Islands, now that
the negroes are a free people. The very sight of their
former tormentors must tend to incite the coloured
race to acts of insubordination, and breaches of the
peace. Besides, such persons, in justification of
their former cruelties, will naturally take every op-
portunity of goading them to the commission of
outrages, of which, if properly treated, they would
never be guilty.
Nevertheless, as has already been stated, the re-
sults of the Emancipation Act in Jamaica are most
satisfactory to the friends of humanity. In a Re-
port from Mr. Hill, Assistant•secretary of the Sti-
pendiary Justice Department, Spanish Town,
dated Feb. 20, it is stated, that the negroes have
provided for their own sick and distressed ; that
husbands have manifested great tenderness towards
their wives and children, who were unable to
work ; and that a visible improvement had taken
place in all their domestic and social rela-
tions. A Report from Mr. O'REILLY, a Sti-
pendiary Magistrate, of the same date as the above,
states that the only class of atrocious criminals in
his parish, as proved by the proceedings at the
Court of Quarter Sessions, were the overseers.
Mr. MAHON, another Magistrate, reports that
the managers of the estates of Ashley Hall
and Dunkleys were engaged in ejecting the poor
labourers from their little tenements, although
guiltless of any crime, and notoriously without a
spot to shelter them. More than four-fifths of the
otherßeports from Magistrates and Gentlemen worthy
of credit in the Island are to the same effect. In
fact were it not for the active interposition of the
Government, the condition of the coloured race in
Jamaica would be truly horrible. A state of
slavery would be a state of happiness, in compari-
son with what they would be made to suffer, were
their former tormentors suffered to act upon their in-
terpretations of the provisions of the Emancipation
Act.

would give great public satisfaction, and we trust
that the Ministers will zealously set about accom-
plishing them. To some of those we shall advert in
future.

We have inserted in another part of The Sun three
communications which we have received on the sub-
ject of a letter which appeared in this Journal last
week from Mr. W. HAWES, brother of the new
Churchwarden of the parish of Christchurch,
Surrey. We think some explanation is required
from Mr. HAWES, and we shall abstain from
making any comments on the statements of our
Correspondents until he has had an opportunity of
vindicating himself.

On the motion of Mr. POULETT THOMSON,
the petition of Lord LICHFIELD, presented by the
Right Hon. Gentleman in the House of Commons
a few nights ago, and setting forth that an improper
use had been made of the name of the Noble Peti-
tioner, by the opponents of the Birmingham and
Manchester (Stone and Rugby) Extension Rail-
way Bill, was last night referred, with other petitions
to the same effect, to the examination of a Select
Committee. Whether, in the event of these allegations
being proved, the House will publicly mark its sense
of such conduct, we do not know ; but we shall not,
on public grounds, regret the occurrence, if it lead, as
we trust it will, to the amendment of the absurd Stand-
ing Orders relative to Railway Bills, which disgrace
the business department of the House of Commons.
As to the opposition made to the particular Bill
referred to in these petitions, the public is at no loss
to know by whom, and upon what grounds it is con-
ducted. The proprietors of the Birmingham and
Manchester Line are alarmed at the idea of what-
ever threatens to put an end to the monopoly which
they are so very desirous of establishing for their
own especial profit. They forget all about public
convenience, now that they have triumphed over
the turnpike-trust and stage-coach proprietors and
contractors. But such interested clamours will not
impose upon the public, and we trust will receive very
little attention in Parliament. The more Rail-
ways there are the better for commerce, and the
more parallel lines there are the cheaper will be
the expense of conveyance. The saving of two
hours in a journey from London to Manchester is
of immense importance in a great commercial na-
tion like England. This saving of time the Ex-
tension Railway when completed will at least effect,
and therefore the country has a direct interest in
supporting it.

We are well aware of the unpopularity of the
Ministers amongst their usual friends and sup-
porters. One explanation of the circumstance, in-
dependently of their own conduct, was, some time
ago, suggested by Mr. WAKLEY, which ought to
have some influence on him and his friends, and
in its turn suggests some curious reflections. He
said that the faults of the Tories in the Government
were forgotten, while those of the Whigs were fresh
in our memories. The knowledge of history, so as
to give birth to any thing like a lively conviction,
does not extend beyond half a dozen years. If we
could remember as vividly the offences of the Tories as
we now perceive those of the Whigs, the latter would
again be restored to popularity. It is only by com-
parison we judge, and the misbehaviour of the
Tories being forgotten, the Radicals never having
been tried, the Whigs have all the unpopularity
which always belongs to those who admi-
nister the Government. Besides, the envy
which being in possession of the Government
excites in rivals, and in men who think they are as
worthy to hold office as its possessors, so much is
expected of Government, more than it can ever

THE SUN, LONDON, TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1839.

interest :

In another part of our paper will be fonnd reports
of Church-rate proceedings in different parts of the
kingdom. There have been furious contests going
on at Leicester and Taunton. In the former case
a very mortifying defeat was sustained by the thick-
and-thin Church party. The Dissenters, assisted
by the liberal Churchmen, after a poll which con-
tinued open four days, beat their opponents by a
large majority. The struggle in this instance
took place nominally on the question of the
election of Churchwardens, but the real mat-
ter at issue was, whether the Dissenters should
or should not be burdened with the payment
of Church-rates. That point is happily settled
for the present, the new Churchwardens, having,
much to their honour, publicly declared, " that
rather than compel a single parishioner to pay to
a Church which, except for purposes of charity, they
never entered, because they disapproved of it, they
would go to prison, or even to death."
At Taunton the contest, though it ended differ-
ently, cannot be considered in the light of a tri-
umph, unless it be a triumph to the Church to be
told by its supporters that this is the last time that
they will give their aid in laying a Church-rate.
Taunton Church is, it appears, in a state of great
dilapidation, and if not repaired soon, is likely to
tumble down. This has induced liberal Church-
men of all grades in politics, to concur in the pre-
sent rate, on the understanding that they are to
oppose all future attempts to lay a rate, should the
proposed legislative measure be defeated. But, as
it is justly remarked by the Editor of the paper
from which we have copied the statement,
"it is one thing to vote a rate, and another
to collect it." If there had not been agi oss infor-
mality in the proceedings, which invalidates the
rate, the Dissenters, it is affirmed, would rather
submit to the seizure of their goods than be guilty
of the dishonesty of voluntarily contributing to the
support of a religious system of which they do not
approve.
At Banbury a conflict has commenced. An
amendment on a motion for a Church-rate, post-
poning the consideration of the subject, was carried
on Wednesday last, but as a poll was demanded,
the result cannotbeknown till the middle of this week.
In Wales the harpies of the Church have been
making seizures in their usual oppressive way.
According to the valuation of Church appraisers
things are wonderfully cheaper in the Principality
than in any other part of the kingdom. What do
our readers think of fifteen bushels of oats as a set-
off against a Church-rate of two shillings and one
penny, and a mahogany table, together with an
oaken one, grabbed for the sum of elevenpence
halfpenny I I

The Paris Journals of Sunday are all at sixe
and sevens about the construction of a Cabinet
They evidently know nothing more about the resul
than they did a month ago. We shall, however,
give their respective opinions upon the subject,
leaving our leaders to attach what importance they
please to them. The Journal des Debats of Sun-
day thus announces the termination of the Minis-
terial interregnum :
" The rumour was in general circulation yesterday even-
ing that the list of the new Ministry would appear in Mon-
day's Dioniteur. Marshal Soult would be President.
M. Thiers, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
M. Dupin, of Justice.
M. Pasay, of the Interior.
M. D'Argout, of Finances.
M. Sauzet, of Public Instruction.
M. Dufaure, of Commerce.
" It will be seen that this Cabinet is taken exclusively
from the ranks of the Centre Gauche."
Thus saith the Journal des Debats. Now hear
the Courier Francais, the respectable organ of the
ODILLON BARROT party
" We have again to repeat the common cry—the fatal
word of this crisis, `all is overthrown.' It is well known
that M. Passy proposed to M. Thiers, in the King's name,
and with the consent of the Marshal, to enter a Centre
Gauche Ministry. Two confidential friends of M. Thiers
will full powers to treat.
were the mediators, In the
course of the day things went on so well that it was an-
nounced that on Monday a Ministry would be formed.
But the Marshal has thrown such dfficulties in the way
that M. Vivien and M. Dufaure, on the part of M. Thiers,
declared they could no longer negotiate. On Saturday
evening they returned M. Thiers the sort of carte blanche
which he had given them, and the negotiations are sus-
pended. At all events it cannot be said that it was the
fault of M. Thiers, for he knew nothing of the negotia-
tions. He cannot be blamed for wishing to deprive his
enemies of their calumnies. As for the Marshal, we begin
to get tires of him and his failures. Perhaps he is Not
anxious to make one opinion triumph in the Government
more than another. But if he does not represent an
opinion, he risks becoming the agent of an intrigue. Is

he come to this?"
The Constitutionnel, formerly AL THIERs'
Journal, mad still supposed to contain the lucubra-
tions of the little Dictator, has the following article
upon this subject :
" The Ministerial crisis is becoming more complicated.
An appeal has been made to the nation. Promises, bribes,
threats were made to induce them to vote for the 221
(Mole), and they chose to vote for the 213 (Coalition).
Everything appeared to be settled, and we were to hare a
definitive Ministry, but things remain just as they were be-
fore. In the Chamber seven members of the Centre
Gauche came out of the electoral urn, and only two sup-
porters of the 16th April (Mole). What more do they
want? Explanations have been demanded, and the Hon.
Deputy who has asked for them hoped that the Ministry
would be constituted before Nlonday. The leaders of the
221 have made this loyal proposition a source of discord.
They pretend that the new Cabinet cannot be formed be-
fore explanations arc given. What do they hope from
this? By publishing private opinions, and sowing dissen-
sion amongst men who are united, they hope, perhaps, to
create new difficulties and impossibilities. But the Cham-
ber will not fall into the trap that has been laid for it. It
will not allow the enemies of public peace to have this
cause of congratulation."
In the Commerce of Sunday another well in-
formed Liberal Journal we find the following para-
graph to the same effect:—
"We are not surprised to learn that the combinations
announced on Friday and Saturday have been again broken
off. After the dissolution the elections were rain locked
forward to—after the elections the opening of the' Chamber
—alter that opening the nomination of the President, and
now there is a talk of waiting the result of the debates on
Monday. After that discussion some other excuse for
delay will probably be found. Thus from manceuvre to
mar:ceuvre, end from incident to incident, the Court ar-
rives at its first intent to govern as it pleases, and to have
only Ministerial clerks. Who knows but that by the repe-
tition of delay France may not be accustomed to see them
on the Ministerial benches and to leave 'them by force of
habit? For eight years past has not the ad interim been
the directing genius of our politics ? And we repeat it,
everything is hoped for from time."
All the other Liberal Journals write in the same

strain, so that we may conclude the Debats to be
misinformed. It is, however, groping in the
dark to express any opinion upon a question of
which neither the Court party nor the Coalition—
neither LOUIS PHILLIPPE nor M. THIERS can

now, with certainty, predict the result. The KING
is at this moment as much out of his depth as the

shallowest of his advisers.
The illoniteur announces the result of the divi-
sion on Lord JOIIN RUSSELL'S motion in the
House of Commons, and the signing of the Treaty
between Belgium and Holland.
The advices from Madrid are of the 4th instant.
They bring VAN HALEN'S dispatch to the Go-
vernment announcing his retreat from before Segura.
His conduct was most cowardly. General AYERBE
is to succeed him in the command of the army.

Of domestic news there is a great dearth ,in the
French Journals of Sunday. The following ex-
tracts from them include all they contain of general

The Courrier Francais publishes an extract of a letter
from Alexandria, dated on the 3d inst., which states that
only three or four battalions of troops remained in that
city, and not half a dozen in Cairo, all having been sent
into Syria, in tile anticipation of hostilities with the army
of the Sultan. Besides an agent (superior officer and
privy councillor) of the Emperor Nicholas, a member
of the divan of the arsenal had arrived from Con-
stantinople and proceeded direct to Cairo. It was be-
lieved that his object was to endeavour to extract money
from the Viceroy before attacking him. An agent
of the latter has just arrived, and was performing
quarantine at Alexandria, suppcsed to be on his way
to London to defend his interests, upon which he
feared he had not come to a proper understanding with the
British Consul-General. Mehemet Ali was believed to
incline towards granting to Great Britain a free passage
for her troops to India, the navigation of the Red Sea,
permission to British ships to enter and repair in the ports
of Egypt, and even towards acquiescence for the abolition
of monopolies, but that he looked for the acknowledgment
of his independence, so necessary for the repose of the
East. Edheim Bey, Minister of Public Instruction in
Egypt, accompanied by M. Enfantin, the ex- St. Simonian
High Priest, passed through Lyons on the 17th instant on
their way to Paris.
The Commerce publishes a letter from Cracow of the
6th inst., stating that Count de Woronzoff, the Gover-
nor-General of Little Russia, who a year since had been
superseded in that post, and ordered into " voluntary"
exile, had vainly sued ever since for leave to settle in
England, France, Prussia, or Austria. The Czar was
so incensed against him that he ordered him to proceed to
Cracow, threatening him, in case of disobedience, with
the confiscation of his estates and property. The Empe-
ror, in giving instructions to that effect to the Minister of
the Interior, charged the Count with being an ultra-
Revolutionist, and having excited the Cossacks of the Don
to revolt against their Sovereign.
A Morning Journal doubts the truth of the report of
the death of General 011ard, and founds its doubts on
letters mitten from Peschawar dated the 13th December,
which were received at Paris three days ago with the last
India mail by way of Seuz. It is, in fact, impossible that
more recent news of M. 011ard should have been received
at Bombay on the 22d February.—Constitutionnel.
One of our journals contains this morning the following
letter :—" New Orleans, March I.—Some things are
passing in the policy of the American Government which
might excite a belief in the probability of some foreign
differences near at hand. Secret but very pressing orders
for naval armaments have been sent to all the ports, and
measures have been taken to concentrate the naval
force of the United States on the southern coast.
No furloughs are granted to officers of the navy,
and those who have obtained them have been sum-
moned to return to their ships. The captain of a
man-of-war, now at New Orleans, hsving, after long
and active services, applied to the Naval Department for a
furlough, was answered, " At the present moment the Go-
vernment was in need of all its moral resources, especially
of superior officers, and that no furloughs could be granted
except on account of illness."
The difference in question has been pending between
Russia and America for these twelve years, during which
the resources of diplomatic negociation have been unable
to settle it. The American Government seems to be weary
of this state of suspense, which is prejudice' to its com-
merce ; and the symptoms of discontent in the nation have
become so strong and general that a member of the Con-
gress has but lately presented a project of law, the object
of which is to cut by the sword the Gordian knot, which
negociation is not able to untie.—Le Commerce.
The Louisianian Journal which relates this fact, adds :
" There is a strong presumption that our relations with
some Foreign Power, if not interrupted, are in a fair way
of being disturbed." Reviewing the state of the Foreign
relations of America, with the several parts of the globe ;
the same journal discovers in the political situation of the
United States no difficulties besides those actually existing
with Mexico on the subject of the indemnities claimed
by the. American merchants, and with Russia on the sub-
ject of the Russian possessions situated on the West Coast
of America, beyond the 54th degree of north latitude.
Mexico is put out of question by the Journalist, notwith-
standing the serious manifestations lately made on the sub-
ject by the American merchants of Louisiana. But
whatever may be the importance of this manifestation, and
the greater or less degree of correctness there may be in
the New Orleans Journalist in this point, this does not di-
minish the interest or importance of the Russian question
on which all his solicitude is fixed.
HAMBURG BORSEN HALLE, APRIL 19.
Bills. Money.
Austrian 5 per Cents.
Bank Shares 1493 1444
An, 10-Russian Loan IO7W, 107%
Russians '" per Cent. Ist senes, Certificate
Inscription, Ist Series lO4
Russian 5 per Cent. Hopi and Co. 3d and 4th
Se ies 9N 95
Ditto in Certificates
Dutch Actual Debt, 2V, pe Cent 53
Ditto 5 per Cent 99% 9*,i
Polish Bonds
New Picket
Angle. Vanish Loan, 3 per Cent 72% 72
Norwegian Loan, 1534, 4 per Cent...
EXCHANGES ON LONDON.
HAMBURG, APRIL 19.-13. 6.—Two months. 13. 4%.
Isces.ix, Arm IC—Three months, 6. 20%.
VIENNA, APRIL 16.—Two months, 9 50.
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.— BERLIN, A 15. PAIL
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent lO3 it:, 1.021.
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 102% 101%
lachange on Landon, three months 6 20%
—Prussian State Gazette, April 17.

The General Steam Navigation Company's new
steam ship Ocean arrived from Antwerp yesterday morn-
ing, Riker a passage of 21 hours, two of which she was de-
tained at anchor by the hazinoss of the weather.

The favourite Boulogne packet Magnet, belong-
ing to the General Steam Navigation Company, which
left London on Saturday morning, arrived at Boulogne
the same day, having been little more than ten hours on
her passage.
EQUIVOCAL TESTIMONY.—Among the let-
ters published in favour of a quack medicine is one in which
the writer, after ordering so many bottles or boxes, adds,
If I lice, I will repeat the order."
Mr. Binns, of this town, lectured at Stockton on
Monday evening, and at Darlington on Tuesday, in advo-
cacy of the " People's Charter," " National Convention,"
&c. &c. &c.—Sunderland Herald.
A CURIOUS CIRCUMSTANCE.—There iS in
the possession of Mr. Turner, of Belper, a cat which has
brought forth a kitten with one head, two faces, two
mouths, and four eyes, and which is living. Any person
doubting the truth of the above may see the same on ap-
plication to Mr. Turner.--North Derbyshire Chronicle.
EXECUTION AT GLOUCESTER.—On Satur-
day William Davis underwent the extreme penalty of the
law at Gloucester, for the murder of a labourer named
Butt. The culprit stated, previously to the day of execu-
tion, in reference to his crime, that he did not go to the
cow-house for the purpose of murdering Butt, against whom
he said he had, at that time, no feeling of malice, nor had
he any intention of robbing him ; but while in the place
the remark of Butt, that he was no good there, excited his
passion to so great a degree, that he could not controul it.
He thought lac exulted over him from being in the same
situation that he had lost, and he waylaid him for the pur-
pose of being revenged. An immense crowd had assem-
bled, among which, as usual, were many females and chil-
dren. The wretched man was silent but firm, his only ob-
servation, beside bidding adieu to the reverend minister,
who so meritoriously and unremittingly attended him,
being a request that that gentleman would convey to his
friends the expression of his hope of God's forgiveness.
AMERICAN MOBS AND RlOTS.—Popular dis-
turbances of this kind in America are not always void of
respect for existing law, as in the case of abolition riots,
in one of which Pensylvania Hall, at Philadelphia, was
burnt to the ground, May 17, 1833. On the contrary,
the people, who looked quietly on this scene, and per-
mitted the proceeding, regarded the erection and open-
ing of that building, under the circumstances connected
with it, as an outrage on public feeling, and looked upon
the place as a nest of sedition against the peace and inte-
grity of the American Union. While, therefore, they ap.
peered to be conniving at the violation of law, and were in
fact doing so in regard to one of its lower departments ;
they were governed by a respect for the " supreme law
of the land," the constitution of the country. And
had it not been, that the municipal authorities of the
city and county of Philadelphia were responsible for
the damages, it is not unlikely that the ringleaders
of the riot would have gone unpunished ; at least,
that less pains would have been taken to make them an
example. So is it generally with the Lynching practices
of the South, which have taken place in consequence of
the Abolition excitement. It is known that opinion will
sustain them ; and hence these summary proceedings.—A
Voice from America to England.
NOVEL MODE OF SIVINDLING.—A few days
since a person respectably attired, and mounted on horse-
back, rode up to the shop of Mr. Hart, watchmaker, of
Devizes, and having been told that he was not at home,
asked for a gold watch which had been left to be repaired.
Miss Hart handed him one from the window which he had
pointed out as that he came for ; he then took it away,
saying he would call again, which he has not yet done. We
understand he tried the same plan at other watchmakers in
the town, but without success. Fortunately for Mr. Hart
the watch pointed out by this customer, and taken away by
him as his own, is only a silver one gilt.—Bath Post.
Robert Millhousc, the Nottingham poet, author
of " The Destiny of Man," and other works, died in that
town oa the 13th instant. He was latterly in distressed
circumstances, and leaves a widow and three children, the
youngest only twelve months old. Something ought to
be done for them.

LATE WOODCOCK,—On Wednesday last John
Hargrave, under-gamekeeper to Sir Joseph Copley, at
Sprotborough, shot a fine woodcock, in the Pot-riding, a
circumstance which is remarkable at this late season, as the
period at which these birds emigrate has long since passed.
—Doncaster Chronicle.
