BEER BILL.

M. F. PALMER pi esented a petition from the Opera-
tives, Mechancis, and Ltbourers in Reading, in favour of
the Beer Bill. The petitioners stated, that it had in-
creased so much the comforts of the inhabitants of
Rutting, that they trusted the House would not alter its
provision+ without great consideration.
Mr. BULLER (we believe) said that when the Bill was
first brought forward, he bailed it as a measure likely to be
productive of great good, inasmuch as it would excite
competition among all persons who should sell the best
seer; but he wits sorry to say the ureatest p 05,01,1,.
injury had arisen from it. He held in his hand a
letter front the RI" M. Temple of Lane-End, showing
to most f•rcible colotus the mischiefs that hal resulted
from the measure. That 1 tter stated that the greatest
moralizition had taken piece in that part of
St .ff .r.lsiiire since 1825. Titat in that yea a meet-
in was held to co.isider what increase could he
fu littiou.ly made in the public houses in that
.is rict, and the new buss were determined upon.
Since the passing of the B er Bill the nuintr•r nt.
houses had increased ,roll a very small number to 72
(Hear ) Another letter, front a person conversant with
t e parishes of H ,nil ey and S4-Ittin, stated that the pub..
ic-houses in tho-e parishes had increased from 35 tii 135,
JO it w im,iossible that the police could keep a proper•
control over them. As he had slid belore, he had looked
forward o the measure as produ..tiv.- of the greatest g•uni
in exciting competition am ng the ptc.licans to have the
best beer, but it appeared to him that the struggle now
w,s, who sh uhi bast aid most in deinoral z•ti n.
Mr. ROEBUCK denied that demoralizatian had in-
crta.Hl since th- pot-log of the Beer Bill. 'Clot contrary,
he would un ler:Ake to state to be the fact, it was de-
creasing every 'lay.
Mr. RUTH VEN considered that gin shops did far
more noschief and caused gre der incre .se of crime than
beer shops. He hoped the e would not be any rash leg.is-
i aion on what the people were compelled to look to is a
teller. in order to extend the property of the monopoly
anti the interests of the Brewers.

Mr. T. ATTWOOD observed, that the consumption
of beer and spirits bad been greater a century ago, al-
though the population and crime were much less. If that
was the case, he would a,.lc, how could the beer
.iips be the cause of the increase of crime?
fie ti ought that when the subject rime to he inqui:A
into, it would he found that demoralization hAd nothrig to
do with the beer-shops, and he kiped that especial car-
would be taken not to deliver e people into the hands of
the MaOtrates to be destroyed wiihnot judge or jury, Ile
ha l stew puhhcatis who had paid 3001. or 400!. far the
good-will of a house, destroyed by the mere whisper of a lie
in the ear of a Magistrate, and he thought that was a tre-
mendous pow,r to invest any man with which ha I the effect
of convertrng honest and brave Englishmen into mise-
rab e slave. within a very short time.
Mr. BLAMIRE presented two petiti,ms a, tinst nsgro
slavery, fr,.m the parishes of Alston anti Holine Castle, in
Cumberland.

Mr. A. JOHNSTONE presented a petition from the
M-mbers of the Kirk S-ssin of Dundee, relating to the
system of church patronage in Scotland. a petition
torn the town of Hamilton, Lanarkshire ; the Presbytery
of
.Ormehe, lovernesshire ; Kilreney, Fifeshire ; and
several other places in Scotland, 5.cl the same effect.

The HON. NiENIBER. also preserved a p lition from the
clerifyinan and other inhabitants residing in Bristol, for the
be, ter Misery ince of the Sabbath. Also petitions from Penny-
cuick, in Scotland, and the Synod of Fife, to the s line effect
The Hon. Member then had to pres nt two petitions from
the guildry of the royal burgh of Cup a.. The first was
for an improvement in the system of conveyancing in"
Scotland. T. is was a question of great importance to the
pe,iple of Scotalnd, for the erodes of m 'king up the title
deeds to their property, Ii as encumbered with many pro-
cesses. It pressed very heavily, espricially on the poorer
classes, and he trusted that tie Lu d Advocate would
bring forward s,inne measure which would relieve them
from these ineumbrances. The second petition complained
of th., jurisdiction of the Court of Session ; and the third
petition rcia,ed to the decrees of the Court of S scion. The
Hon. Me-tuber next presented a pet ti in from a pl ice in
the county of Fite, praying the House to adopt some
measure to improve the people of Ireland, and sating that
there were two Millions of the Irish people who
could not understand the English tin,nage—( Bear).
'The Hun, Member also presented a petition from the same

os„ ter the hptibir oheervauee of the Sabbath, and not•
pl.dnlne of choral Patronage.
Mr. RUTHVEN could not understand what the peti-
tioners, who com ,iained of the patronage of the Chureh of
Scotland had to do with two millions of Irish not under-
standing the English language. It was a lamentable
thing for Ireland that there should be so many
misstatements made with respect to it, and there
could not be a greater one than that of supposing that
'here were two millions of people in the country so ig-
norant, and so wanting of anything like education as
not to understand anything of the English language.
There might he some who were not accustomod to speak
the English lane ulge with the same degree of fluency as
otb-rs, but that was not to be considered os a crime-

.s._
Mr. O'DWYER was persu tried that the spiritual wants
of the peop'e of Ireland could be attended without the
suggestions of H in. Members from a different country.
Mr. E. BULLER presented a petition from Lane•E d,
in the county of Safford, fir the abolition of slavery; and
one from Burt ,n-on Trent, fir the extinction of tithes.
He could n it go b 0 far as the petitioner+ to abolish tithes
altogether, hut was desirous of seeing a coininuti-
Om of them, founded upon fair and honour ible
pr, . . incipl —(Flear, hear, hear.) He had also a peti-
es •
peti-
tion from Che idle, in the county of S-affirtl, ag .inst
the introduction of any new in asure to enforce a better
observance of the Sabbith. on the ground that, as the
people could not be made more religious by Acts of Par-
liament, the adoption of any such measure would be
wht,lly inoopt
Mr. TAYLEUR presented three petitions from Buidge-
water, for a reform in corporations, for a rep-al of the
house and window duty, and for the better observance of
the Sabbath.

Colonel TYNTE .unp-irted the prayer of the peti,ion..
The one r,sp.crine the re orin In corporations, reds
rrierred to P.. Conimicree on Corporation..

Lord C. RU-SELL presented petitions from the pa-
rishes of Sharnbronk, Ampthill Ridgetnont, and B
ox-
tan, all in the county id' Bedf,,rd. for the abolition of
slavery, to th • satisfaction iif sill parti s interested.
Mr GREEN presented a petition from certain Protes-
tant Dissenters in Lancaster, praying that Dissenters be
allowed the privilege of celebrating tiseir own marr,ag•s ;
praying also f a better system of paiochial registration,
anti to he relieved frotn parish rates.
Mr. LESTER p esented a petition from the inhabitants
of a parish in Yorkshire, for the abolition of Negr , slavery.
Lord KERRY presented a petition fr in the inhabitants
of the borough of Caine to the same eff-ct.
Mr MURRAY presented a petition from the mer-
chants, traders, and other inhabitants of Leith, for an
alteration in the Receipt Stamp Act.—(Hear, hear.)
The petitioners descri •ed the law as it at p•e-
sent existed, as unequal in principle, immoral in its
tendency, grievous in its operation, and unproductive
to the revenue.-1 Hear.) The subject excited great
interest in Scotland; the stamps, particulatly in small
transactions, were t'ere felt to be an intolei able griev-
ance, and he hoped Government would turn their serious
attention to the matter, with the view of either altogether
remitting the tax, or placing it un a new and more equi-
table footing.

General SHARPE presented two petitions from the
Magistrates and inhabitants of the Royal burgh of Dum-
fries, in favour of Corporation Reform ; als, two petitions
from the same place, one fur a plovision for the Irish
poor, and the other for an alteration in the law of church
patronage in Sootland.

Sir W. GUYSE presented a petition from the inh il R-
ants of North Leitch and its vicinity for the better ob-
servance of the Sahhath.

Mr. BANNERMAN presented two petitions from the
incorporated trades of Aberdeen, and from the Wesleyan
Methodist. of the same place. in favour of an immediate
and certain aholiti.in of negro slavery.
Lord HENNIKER presented petitions from Bromfield,
Badingham, Parham, Denning on, Whirlingworth, Sex-
mundham, A.hfiel l-cum-Thorpe, Needham Market, and
several other parishes in Suffolk, in favour of the abolition
of slavery. The Hon. Member said that upwards of
3,000 signature. were attached to the petitions, and he
trusted when the subject was brought before the lituse
a due regard would be had to the interests of the West
India Proprietor. as well as the slaves.

Mr. TRACEY presented petitions from Tewkesbury,
for the better observance of the Ssithath.

Mr. LANIBTON presented a petition from the Roman
Catholic Clergy of Dorham, praying that Catholic mar
riages might be considered as valid, without bring rat fi d
by the Church of England.
Colone' TORRENS presented a petition from Pro-
testant Dissenters within the borough of Bolton. He
knew, from his personal acquaintance with the parties, that
the petition was most respectably signed ; and it would
appear that it was not merely worded respectfully, but was
expressed in language peculiarly appropriate and correae.
They complain that Protestant Dissenters, in wrier to be
legally married, are obliged to conform to the ceremonies
and ritual of the Church of England, and to submit to
clerical interference, and that thereby their lib.-rty of wor-
ship is affected, and their consciences are oppressed. They
urge that the only system for the registration of baptisms
and burials, at present recognised by law, is exceedingly
defective, and that even on this defective system Dissenters
are nut allowed to participate wiihout a sacrifice of con-
scientious print p'e. They complain that Dissenters are
not permitted to perform funerals in parochial burial
grounds, wit:lout conforming to the rights and cere-
monies pre-cribed by the Book of Common Prayer.
They set forth the injustice to which they are subjected
by being tixe I for the support of the Este dished Church.
Toe petitioners pray that they may be afforded such
effectual relief from their erievauces as the wisdom and
equity of Parliament may direct. He (Colonel Torrens)
concored in these opinions, and gave the petition his most
cordial support.
Mr. T. ATTWOOD presented a petition for Birming-
ham, in favour of a Bill for emancipating the Jews, in
which prayer he cordially concutred. He had a yeti ion
from Rich .rd Gaythorne But-, a prisoner in the Fleet,
who complained of the law of imprisonment tor def. ,
and said that I e had been kept in p.ison 37 months,
for a debt of 641 He (NIG Atwood) was of
opinion that no in an should he imprisoned for debt who
gave up all his property to his creditors. The petitioner
had heen committed from the Palace Goirt—a curious
kind of Court. as it appeared they did not allow a
H bens Corpus. The Judges had been a.- plied to
for one in t •is ctse, but it was refused.—( ar.)
His next petition was signed by s, ven hundred
and twenty inhabitants of Atherstone, in the county
of Warwick, compl dolor of the prevalent distress, anti of
the eaist. rice of an overwhelming church establishment.
lie was of opinion that the distress was not solely attti
hutable to the pressure of taxation, bee 'We, during the
war, the amount of the taxes wis double their present
amount, and yet not one tenth of the present dis-
tress existed at that period.—( Hear, heat. )- The nxt
petition was from a p.).iti,..1 Unian (the name of which
we could not hear) in the county of Warwick, praying
for a more eqiiitab e adjustment of the claims of the
Fandholder, and eraying for a reduction of 400 millions
o the Nttional Dent. The petitioners contended, that
800 millions were not due to the fundholders, inasmuch
an the value of money was much changed since the d- bt
was contracted, and that if money were now taken at sn
ay] al value to what it was at that period, not more than
400 mill.ons would be now justly due. His next petition
was from Mr. Avon Atkinson, and forty other
citizens of London and Dublin, praying for the adop
Lion of measures for the relief of Ireland. He was of
opinion that by rectifying th:i currency, draining the
waste lands in Irel and, and introducing a system of poor.-
laws, all the existing distress would be removed in two
. years ; those measures were tried, and Ireland not in a
happy condition in that period, he would forfeit all claim
to politic ml knowledge.

The Ikt. 11ear;ea also presented a petition from a
place W,-xf ad, in favour of vote by badot. Also p•-ti-
tit,a4 from the inhabitants of Birranteham for a reduction of
taxation and the import ition of a graduated property tax ;
from Walsal, for a repeal of the Septenoi .1 Act,
for vote by ballot, and for household suffrages;
f m the s one place in favour of the Factory
Bill, and against all taxes affecting the liberty of the
press, and the diffusion of knowledge. Also a petition
final the same place, for a repeal of the corn laws and
the assessed taxes.

Mr. TYNl'EPresented petitions from Broadway, ll-
minster, and several other parishes in Somerset, for the
abolition of sl .very.
DI SINCLAIR presented petitions from Edinburgh,
Aberdeen, and several other parts of Scotland, respecting
church patronage.
tlr. BARING presented petitions from Saffron Wil-
d'', Essex, or an alter trion in the new Beer Bill, and
from Bishop's Stortford, Essex, for the better observance
of the s,thbat,,,
I but not in favour of any particular
(Hear.)
Sir H. lIARDINGE presented a petition from Hert•
ford in favour of the fictories regulation of labour Bill.
The petitioners were en. irely free from prejudice, inasmuch
as they had no factories in their neighb,iurbood, and he
entirely coneurred in its prayer.
Mr. BRO MERTON presented a petition from Sal-
ford, in favour of the Factor ies' L Moor Bill.
Mr. AGLIONRY presented petitions from various
parts of. the western di•ision of Cumberland, against
blatery, is the prayer of which he entirely concurred.

Mr, LANGSTON prorated a petition Pram Oxf
for the repeal of the house and window tax.

Mr. SHEPHERD presented a petition from Fronle
Selwood for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. WENTWORTEI presented a petition from An
clover, for the betterob4ervance of the S ►hhath ; and one
the same pl ice for the abolition of slavery.
The House then adjourned.

COURT OF CHANCERY.-(THIS DAY.)
