dom from the French yoke. Their Majesties, with the
Princess Marianne, the Prince and Princess of Orange,
and their two eldest sons, and Prince and Princess
Frederick, after attending Divine Service, proceeded to
Scheveningen, his Majesty having chosen this day for
opening the handsome Pavilion, which he hail built for
the Queen on the Downs, near that village. The in-

habitants exerteJ themselves in celebrating the happy occa-
sion, and among them were particularly distinguished the
true old fishermen, who in 1795, conveyed the family of
the Stadtholder from Scheveningen to England.

Hamburgh Papers of the 16th inst., and the
Austrian Observer of the 10th, have been re-
ceived, but their contents are destitute of poli-
tical news. The destruction of the Josephene
steam-boat, near Stockholm, is accompanied
with the loss of many valuable articles, besides
bank notes to a large amount. The loss
of the notes is, however, -considered a lucky
chance, for the Swedish Bank, on the principle
no doubt that it is " a had wind which blows
nobody good." By the same reasoning, it
would be a lucky chance for the Bank of Eng-
land if all its notes were burnt or sunk.

slocKHoLm, NOV. 6.

The unfortunate destruction of the Josephine steam-
boat; by fire, is a great loss to the builder and proprietor,
Mr. Owen. It does not seem that any body can account
for the origin of the fire. A great part of the goods that
were on deck were saved, but most of the effects of the
passengers, as well as the other goods on board, were
destroyed. The greatest sufferer is Baron Von Kjinnheld,
Ambassador to the Court of Great Britain, who had come
here by the post, and let his servant follow in the steam-
boat, with a box containing effects to the value of 15,000
or 16,000 rix dollars. It is estimated that bank notes to
the value of '7,000 rix dollars, as also bank notes to the
amount of 300,000 rix dollars were burnt, which is a
lucky chance for our bank, but a check on the circulation.
The Crown Prince has had 30 paintings brought from
his palace at Bologna, which will shortly be exhibited to
the public, in the house of Professor Westin.

HAMBURGH, NOV. 14

On the Bth of this month, Mr. Henry H. Wolff, the
first Missidnary ever sent out by the Missionary. Society of
this city, solemnly took leave, in the presence of a numerous
assembly, in the Vestry-room of St. Michael's Church.
He has been four years in the Missionary School, at Basle,
to qualify himself for his vocation, and is going to Liberia,
the North American Colony for free negroes, in Western
Africa, south of Sierra Leone. _ _

BERLIN, NOV. 13.
The Court has put on mourning for three weeks, fur the
late Queen of Saxony.
The Grand Duke Michael of Russia left Warsaw, ou
the 28th ultimo, to return to St. Petersburgh.

FRANKFORT, NOV. 12.

Several distinguished families of Greece, which at tie
breaking out of the insurrection fled to Germany and
Switzerland, are preparing to return to their own country
in the spring, in consequence of the favourable prospects
held out to them by Count Capo d'lstria.
Hamburgh Papers of the 16th of November, contain
the French account of the Battle of Navarin.

VIENNA, NOV. 9.

Since the 10th of August this year, a new journal has
been published at Hydra, under the title of the Inde-
pendent Gazette of Greece. It had but an ephemeral
existence, for on the 18th of September, M. Pandeli,
a Hydriot, the Editor, received the following note from
the Primate of the island, which is communicated by the
Greek Bee, (a journal in the French language, published
at Hydra.)
" TO M. PA.NDELI K. PANDII.I, EDITOR OF THE 4 INDE-
PENDENT GAZETTE OF GREECE.'

" The local Government of Hydrainforne you, in conse-
quence of the commands of the Secretary of State of the
Interior and the Police, No. 862, of Sept. 11, that the
Government has resolved that the publication of your
Journal is henceforth to cease.
" THE PRIMATE OF THE ISLAND or HYDRA.
" Hydra, Sept. 18, 1827."
To this note the Editor. returned an answer, which is
also given by the Greek Bee.
In this answer he says, that if Greece will still continue
under the iron sceptre of the Sultan, be must yield; but,
as the order comes- from the Government, whose will 'is
nothing, unless founded on the Constitution, he should be
unjust to himself, and unworthy of the.narne.ni a, Hydriot,
if he renounced one of the 'Host trainable rights will& the
Constitution gives to the free Greeks. He qttotes para-
graphs of the Constitution, which allow all the citizens to
found such establishments as they think fit, and guaran-
teeing the liberty of the Press without the Censorship. He
asks if he has been guilty of any crime by complaining of
the illegal acts of people in power ? He concludes by de-
claring that be is resolved to bring an action against M.
Anastatius'Londo, Secretary of 'State, Minister of the Inte-
rior and Police, and requires the Primate to give him an
authentic copy of the Paper, No. 862, that he may pro-
ceed accordingly.

Accounts received, this morning, at Lloyd's,
froth Leghorn, mention a report which was pre-
valent there, that three ships of the line, and six
frigates of the Allied Squadrons, had been sunk
by the forts, in attempting to leave the harbour
of Navarino. The improbability of such an oc-
currence—and of the first information of it, if it
had taken place, being received, via Leghorn,
must be obvious. The naval force was sufficient
to have levelled the forts with the ground.

A Minunichi Paper of the 19th ult., has been
received at the North and South American
Coffee-house, from which the following is an ex-

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-CT HIS DAY.)

FROM LLOYD'S.

DEAL, Nov.2l.—Wind N.--Arrived from London
the Exmouth, Graham, for Bombay ; Rosalind,
Brown, for Grenada ; Jean, Thompson, for Sierra
Leone ; and Royal. George, Grant, for the Mauritius.
_ _

PORTSMOUTH, Nov. N.E.--Arrived
his Majesty's ship Undaunted, from Chatham for
India; and his Majesty's ship Seringapatam, from
the Mediterranean; Malvina, Brooke, from. London
for Naples ; Cheriot, Manson, for Quebec. Passed
by the Zoppe Roas, Tuman, for Batavia.
YARMOUTH, Nov. 21.—A long boat, with nine
hands, has landed at Caister, supposed to be the
crew of a vessel lost on Hasbro' Sands.

The Greenend, Richardson, from London to
Whitby, shifted her cargo during a heavy gale last
night, and was assisted in here this morning.
The Norfolk Hero, Woodward, from Riga to
London, was totally lost off Aldborough.
The Perseverance, Tyers, from Wisbeach to
London, was totally lost off Mundesley yesterday
morning; crew saved.
Extract of a letter from the Agents to Lloyds's,
at Leghorn, dated Nov. 9 It is reported to-day
that the Turks at Navarin fired from their Forts upon
the combined fleet on leaving the Harbour, and sunk
three ships of the line and six frigates."

THE FUNDS-(THIS DAY).

CITY, TWRLVR o'CLocr.

This morning the City has been inundated with
reports, and the known fact of several expresses hav-
ing arrived early, bringing a still further decline in
the French 3 per Cents., caused, together, a com-
plete scene of confusion in the English Stock Ex-
change, so much so as to render it difficult to quote
the price from one moment to another. Console
opened at 84 i, but remained at this rate only a
short time, as they fell to 831 for a moment, were
done immediately afterwards at 831, and have since
gradually improved to 84i 1, the present price.
The Commissioners gave -I. One of the chief
causes of these fluctuations was contained in a letter
from the Agent to Lloyd's at Leghorn, who writes
under date of the 9th inst., that a report was in cir-
culation there of the combined fleet having been
fired at by the forts in coming out of Navarin, and
three sail of the, line and six frigates sunk; although
is did not gain much credit, it had its effect in the
present unsettled state of the British Securities,
notwithstanding its being known that letters have
arrived this morning of the 7th Nov. from Ancona,
much nearer the supposed scene of this disaster,
which mention not a word on the subject. There
was also a rumour that all the Franks had been
destroyed at Patna, and that Ibrahim had given
orders to sequestrate the property and shipping be_
longing to all Christians in the Morea, and to throw
the crews into slavery. An opinion which has been
stated before seems to be gaining some ground, that
Government are in possession of information they
do not deem it prudent to make known for the
present. India Bonds are 81 3, and Exchequer
Bills, 52 4 pm. _ _ _

The Foreign Funds have had less attention paid
to them this morning, from the interest which the
English Securities have excited. Brazilian have fallen
to 591 60 ; Danish, to .591 60; Mexican are
53i 4. Peruvian are quoted 38 9. There is a
great deal of mystery attending these Bonds, and,
from all we have heard, we would recommend a wary
eye to be kept on these Securities, if so they can be
called. Portuguese have declined to 74 754; and
Russian to 91 2.

There is no material alteration in the price of
Shares. Colombian Mines are 12 13 per share;
Brazilian, 46 8 pm.; and United Mexican, 20 19 die.
Three per Cent. Consols, 841' ditto for the Ac-
count, 84 ; and An-January, 844; Bonds,'Bl
pm. ; Exehequer•Bills, 52 4 pm.
FORZlON.—Brazilian, 591 60 ; Buenos Ayres, 46 8 ;
Milian, -27 9 ; Colombian, 30 1 ; Danish, 591 80;
Greek, 18 19 ; Mexican, b per Cent., 42 3 ; Ditto, 6 per
Cent., 53/ 4 ; Peruvian, 38 9 ; Portuguese, 741 51 ;
Russian, 91 2 ; Spanish, 91 10.
MlNEs.—Anglo Mexican, 60 55 die. ; Brazilian, 46 8
pm. ; Colombian, 12 13 per share; Real Del Monte,
par, 10 pm. ; Tlalpuxahus, 40 30 die. ; united Mexican,
20 19 die.

HALF-PAST ONE.

Consols within the last hour have been 8414,
but have suddenly gone down to 84, on a report that
an Admiralty Messenger has arrived.

TWO O'CLOCK.

Consols have been €4l- 4, but are recovered to
and 841 for January ; the market is very

feverish.

THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols have been 84 ; the present price,
841
FOUR O'CLOCK--CLOSING PRICES.
Consols 84k g Danish Bonds
Do. for Ac. 84k g Greek Do. 1825, 18k
Brazilian Bonds 60 Mexican Do. 1825, 54
Buenos Ayres Do. Peruvian Do. 351
Chilian Do. Russian Do. 911
Columbian, 1824, 294 j Spanish Do. 10

The Duke of WELLINGTON came to town
yesterday morning, from his seat at Strathfieldsaye ; his
Grace transacted business during the day at his Office ie
the Horse-guards, and in the evening left town for the
seat of the Marquis of SALISBURY, at Hatfield, Herts.

TIRE IN SOMERSET-PLACE.—At an early
hour this morning, as some of the family of Mr. CLIFTON,
Secretary to the Victualling Board, were dressing, they dis-
covered a room in the Legacy Duty Office, opposite to his
house to be on fire; an alarm was immediately given to the
woman who had charge of the Legacy Duty Office, and
some persons having obtained admission ran up to the room
from whence the flame and smoke issued, which proved to
be the Register-office, the floor of which was burning in
several places. Having closed the door the engines belong-
ing to the building were ,sent for, and a number of per-
sons being soon collected, the fire was shortly extinguished.
The floor was burnt through, and the desks of some of the
Clerks, with some loose papers, were destroyed, but for-
tunately the flames had not extended to the presses in which
the valuable registers were locked up. We lament to add,
that one of the Westminster firemen fell through the ceil-
ing and was seriously, we fear, fatally injured.

Dr. JOHNSON, among his many profound ob-
servations, never spoke more truly than when he said that
in order to enjoy a good dinner, we should talk about it all
the while.—Literary Maynat.—Query ; does not talking
disturb the digestion ?--Signed, an Alderman.
In the Official Return from the Excise Office,
of the amount of Hop Duty, which we yesterday published,
the sum of )04,848/„ as the amount of old duty, should
have been 140,8481.

Yesterday evening an inquest was held in St.
George's Workhouse, Borough, on the body of a young
woman named JOHANNA SOMERS, who destroyed herself
by taking poison. It appeared that the deceased was about
y years of age, occasionally drank to excess, and when in
that state was very violent. Verdict—" Temporary De-
rangement."

On Thursday evening, some fellows went
into a victualler's shop in the Grassmarket, where they
had some whiskey. They bad not been long in the house,
until they began to quarrel with each other, and manifested
a determination not to pay the reckoning, The landlord,
who went in among them to preserve order and obtain pay-
ment, was much jostled about, but was eventually paid.
In a short time after they were gone, however, he made the
mortifying discovery that, in the scuffle he had been robbed
of his pocket-book, containing nearly ninety
_pounds.
Three men are in custody on suspicion of having committed
this theft, but although there are strong and good grounds
to believe they were of the party, it is feared there is a
want of legal evidence to convict them. No part of the
money has been recovered...--Edinburgh Courant.
