BRISTOL, DEC. 10.

This being the day appointed by the Sheriffs for the nomina-
tion of fit and proper persons to represent the city of Bristol
in the ensuing Parliament, an immense concourse of persons
had assembled around the Guildhall, in Broad-street, at a very
early hour, in order to gain admission. The doors of the
hall were opened at 10 o'clock.

RICHARD ASH, Esq., proposed E. Protheroe, jun., Esq.,
as a fit and proper person to represent the city of Bristol in the
ensuing Parliament.

The motion was seconded by J. E. SAUNDERS, Esq.
Mr. PROTHEROE then came forward, and was received
with mingled demonstrations of applause and disapprobation.
He addressed the meeting for a considerable time, but from the
noiseand tumult, occasioned by a party of his opponents who
had placed themselves just before him, we found it impossible
to catch the thread of his observations.

ROBERT BRIGHT, Esq., next proposed James Evan Bai-
lie, Esq., which was seconded by ARTHUR PALMER, Esq.
Mr. Alderman DANIEL then presented himself, for the
purpose of proposing Sir Richard Rawlinson Vyvyan, whose
nomination was seconded by JOHN SCANDRET HAR-
FORD, Esq. ; but the addresses of both those gentlemen, es
well as that of Sirlßichard himself, were lost in the general con-
fusion which prevailed.

JOSEPH REYNOLDS, Esq. next rose, amidst the most
deafening applause, to propose John Williams, Esq., Kings
Counsel. 'I here were few who heard him but would admit the
necessityof a great reduction of taxation, and he was sure that
Mr. Williams was the man who would use all his influence to
obtain every possible reduction of the public expenditure. W
wos a friend to the freedom of the Press, a friend to civil and
religious liberty, and a stench advocate for every measure that
was likely to benefit the condition of the working classes of the
c ommunity.—( Appian se. )
J. ADDINGTON, Esq, seconded the motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS then rose, and addressed the meeting for
some time, but there appeared to be an organized plan that of
all others the candidates themselves should not be heard.
The SENIOR SHERIFF (J. N. Franklin, Esq.,) havin%
demanded a show of hands for each of the candidates, decided
that the election, as far as the show of hands went, had fatten
upon Messrs. Protheroe and Williams.

A poll was demanded for the other candidates, and the She-
riff's announced that it would commence on Wednesday morn-
ng at 8 o'clock.

CHELMSFORD.—It is now ascertained that Chelmsford
is the only portion of the southern division where the Referla
candidates have not a majority; and even there the p7ogreSe
of liberal principles has been such, that the superiority of the
Anti-Reformers, in this their strongest hold, proves to be verl
small.—Kent and Essex Mercury.
MAIDSTONE.—The three candidates in the field Or
Maidstone, the present Members, Messrs. Robarts and Barnett,
Reformers, and Mr. Wyndham Lewis, Conservative, yester'
day addressed their various supporters in the town. Eyed'
thing portends the most favourable result to the two popular
candidates at the ensuing election. The nomination takes
place this day, and to-morrow, at an early hour, the poll
will be opened.

SALISBURY.—The committees of Captain Bouverie and
Mr. Brodie, candidates for Salisbury, have coalesced.
NORTH HANTS.—We are assured that Mr. Walter Long
has relinquished for North Hants.—Morning Paper.
IPSWICH.—The nomination took place this day (MondaY) •
Messrs. Morrison and Wason, the late Members, were pro-
posed on the Reform interest, and Messrs. Mackinnon, Sergeant
Goulburn, and Kelly, were proposed on the Blue or Tory in'
terest. On the question being put, the show of hands was al
ten to one in favour of Messrs. Morrison and Wason ; but $
poll being demanded, it will commence on Tuesday morning.
CHICHESTER.—A warm contest is expected. The
elec-
tors have been very much disappointed with one of the old
Members, who was absent on Mr. Buxton's motion to abolish
slavery. He has since declared that he should not have voted
had he been present. Application having been made to W.
Carter, Esq., of Lincoln's Inn, he arrived on Thursday, and de'
dared himself for triennial Parliaments, ballot, reform I°,
Church, immediate emancipation of the slaves, and repeal of
the assessed taxes and taxes on general knowledge. He WO
very flatteringly received, and commenced canvassing the next
morning with great success.—Lewes Advertiser.
PEMBROKE.—Sir J. Owen will be returned for this countlf
as will Colonel Owen for the borough.
POOLE.—The three candidates, Mr. Lester, Sir J. BYng'
and Mr. 'Folk, have been canvassing the electors during the
week; so equally are they supported, that each makes sure et
being returned. It is a very sharp contest.
BERWICKSHIRE.—There is no doubt whatever of Mr. C•
Marjoribanks being successful.
EAST WORCESTER—The nomination for East Worco'
ter takes place at Droitwich on Saturday, and everything ill,
cates a determined contest. The election for the city
Worcester takes place this day (Monday), and Mr. Dundo
having retired, there will be no contest. For Evesham, Mr'
Midge has withdrawn, as has also a subsequent candidate, DO.
Skirrow, of the Chancery Bar; the old Members will therefore
be returned. Bewdley and Droitwich will return Sir T. Win'
nington and Mr. Hodgetts Foley without opposition. Kidder-
minster and Dudley are both expected to be severely contested,
all parties appearing confident as to the issue of the struggle.--
Birmingham Gazette.

IRELAND.-D ÜBLIN, DEC. 9.

THE ELECTIONS.-MR. O'CONNELL-TITHES,

At a meeting of the National Political Union en'
held last night in the Corn-Exchange, Mr. Christopher Fib'
Simon stated that he had just learned that the Independent
Club (which had canvassed so energetically to effect the re-
turn of two Repealers for the county of Dublin) had arrived at
a conviction that it would be dangerous, with the limited funds
at their command, to attempt the return of himself and 11
colleague, Mr. Locke, on the repeal interest. They were MI
convinced that only one Repealer had a chance of suecess,
he now, therefore, took this first opportunity of retiring On°
the contest in favour of Mr. Locke.

Mr. MORGAN proposel that the National Political Union
should, in defiance of the opinion of the County Independe°,
Club, attempt his return.

Mr. J. A. CURRAN, a member of the County Club, de•
dared the thing impossible, for the aristocracy were the IU3S'
rity amongst the county voters. There were 780 501. Oree
holders, and only 710 10/. voters.
Mr. NUGENT, a Roman Catholic, warmly supported
Morgan's views, and said that, notwithstanding the opposi';
of both the Protestant and Catholic aristocracy, whore
heartily despised, Mr. Fitzsimon's return would be certaini
He had canvassed the county for three weeks for the rePe3.
candidates, and found the greatest enthusiasm in their fiat'
Last Sunday morning he had gone to canvass the Rev. Po.
Murray, parish priest of Skerries, and had found him in his
new chapel at Kinsealey, among 40 or 50 workmen, prepari%
the chapel for its dedication. The priest wanted to perstlaut
him that the people were not Repeaters, but he offered to De...
him 5/. that every man there was iq favour of the measure'
and the priest shrunk from the test. To convince him, he a
dressed the labourers in the chapel for a few minutes, and re-
quested all Repeaters present to hold up their hands, and every
hand in the place was held up except the priest's. He the°
waited for the congregation, and after the dedication addressed
the multitude outside the chapel, from a platform erected for
him ; and again he sought all true.born Irishmen to raise their
hands for repeal. He solemnly declared that all within sight
or hearing—the gentlemen on foot and horseback, the ladies i°
carriages and cars, even the very beggars—held up their hands
and shouted " Repeal." He would subscribe 10/. towards a fun'
to aid Mr. Fitzsimon's return.
Mr. FITZSIMON protested against the wishes of his friendsi
to again place him in nomination, but the motion was carts
unanimously notwithstanding, and a subscription is getting UP'
Hie friends say they only want 5001. to insure his return. s.
CANVASS for Mr. O'CONNELL IN THE METROPOL
comMmLeFncieraZScai
timation which was received with loud cheering. Mr.
canvass
Ns
itit:ethneacnintyoufnnrcedDantihealtoh,ce
nwnonuelldl
;_insatna4ol../.
nell had set oft' for Limerick at 2 o'clock, about four hours Prg_..
vious. The Learned Gentleman is now placed in rather en
d eil;
barrassing situation, or what would be so to any other man. his
constituents i%Kerry say they will not part with him, an,.„
brother, Mr. John O'Connell, of Grena, who is now in Dub,
declares he cannot stand in place of the Liberator, his be37o
will not permit him.
CESSATION OF TITHE PROCEEDINGS. ts,
Government has announced that all legal proceedings, arLe6be
and so forth, now in progress against tithe defaulters, 81linice
suspended during tile elections. This is prudent, for the eibe
will have full occupation in preserving the peace durst es.
natural irritation of contested elections; but it cannot be very
petted to have any retrospective effect with regard to 1"-
,
feelings of indignation which the mass of the peasantrlbeni It
where entertain towards the tithe system, and those by
has been so pertinaciously enforced.

DUBLIN, DEC. 10.
" Thy frank election mate, tleou host power to choose."
rlitg•
SH sod
The day of election for almost all the counties, cities.
_, nals.
towns of Ireland, is this day announced in the various
.10‘"
of this country. The county elections are generally fiXe7 tbis
next week ; those of the cities and towns for the middle I': pd
week : that for the City of Dublin begins and probably
is
tiplto morrow; for the College on Wednesday, where „"',,rhevee
likely to be a greater delay. Mr. O'Connell and Mr, n""
will not be opposed; Sergeant Perrin having declined 14. folt
suggestion of some friends, to offer himself; lest by his "%id
from the numerous myrmidons of the Repealers, be %ell
heighten the triumph of these thoughtless enthusiasts, °sl,
as that of the Conservatives, whose politics in this instance
that of the " Lord of Misrule." Not being able to nonalledy
Member themselves, they prefer an old enemy who iniliroa
bids them hope for ascendancy, to the steady Reformer op.
would destroy corruption without introducing licentioUr
No elector, except a Conservative, would vote against ° co`ii.
citl
hell; while every respectable and independent man in the less
vote for Sergeant Perrin, But as the latter area
.1
numerous body than the partisans of the if Extremes', Pl'olll
together, it has been deemed prudent not to expose Serg
Perrin to such a combination.
Mr.h Pcaolinvsoanssbyfohrasihmeadceoglrieegaet
;prbougrt esths,esizooe his
caronri
seawal l's:1:g

A?e
4pl

14011ey was bettire him ; and it is feared, that unless aided by
the bribery oath, the poor parsons will turn the scale against
!tit' and the Solicitor-General. As an instance of the progress
tlf the Repeal question, it is stated that the Liberal Candidates
College have created many opponents, by Mr. Ponsonby's
%ring called, in his address, that measure an INSaNE one. The
qege Constituency is reckoned to be upwards of 1,700, of
"horn 150 or 200 are thought to be ardent Repeaters.
Sheil is up for Tipperary County with a Mr. O'Callaghan,
Hugh
Cave having declined from some undefined reasons ; and
"lough there is a strong Conservative opposition, Shell's return
least, is thought to be certain. O'Connell has left town to
nitTliort him and other Repeaters in the South. Were it not for
714 question of Repeal, the result of the election throughout
4tland might be everywhere anticipated. But this has caused
41ch a split among all parties, that all future returns will be
Itecarious until ballot be introduced : for the fears and inclina-
'ions of the constituents will be at war with each other till
moment for decision. There is one consolation, however,
the present aspect of affairs, that no Ministry could long
I,!aintain itselfe, that will not sedulously set to work, in carrying
Reform Bill into full and immediate effect.

CITY OF DUBLIN.—We have heard that Mr. Sergeant
Perrin does not intend to contest the city of Dublin.—Dublin
gaming Register.
Daniel O'Connell, Esq., M.P., left town on Saturday for
Carlow. From thence Mr. O'Connell proceeds to Clonmel, to
Znvass for Mr. Ronayne, and for Mr. Sheil in the county. He
ken goes to Dongarvan, Youghal, and Cork, to canvass for the
`4"Pealers there, and he will next be in Kerry, to meet his con-
ktitUents. He returns to Dublin by Limerick and the King's
"cuntY.—Dublin Morning Register.
DOWN (COUNTY).—It is not expected that any opposi.
:en will be offered in this county to the return of the late
ePresentatives, Lords Castlereagh and Arthur Hill.
It
is a singular thing to see two officers in his Majesty's
177'iee--Lieutenant Macnamara, Bth Hussars, and Cornet
13', 7th Hussars—going into Parliament for the purpose of
..„."47cleeing a repeal of the Union between both countries; the
winer in Ennis, the other in Galway.—Limerick Chronicle.
QUEEN'S COUNTY.—Dominick Brown has not yet re.
nor will; and Sir H. Parnell will be returned for the
Queen's County, in spite of the machinations of Old Treachery
414 k's tail. The Queen's County Club resolved to support re.
,
71 candidates on Monday last, but the parish priests of the
Queen's County had assembled previously, and come to a re.
Nution that they would not, individually or collectively, op.
kin any Member who would pledge himself against the pre-
kit tithe system. Dublin Evening Post.
bUNGARVAN.—The Hon. G. Lamb has arrived in Dun.
kvan, and has commenced his canvass of that town, and as
nt With great success. The Hon. Gentleman's return is quite
tertain.—Dublin Post.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING. DECEMBER 12, 1832.

So far as they have vet gone, the elections
are decidedly in favour of Government. In the
metropolitan, and many of the neighbouring
districts, this is particularly the case, where a
Tory candidate scarcely dares to show himself.
In the provinces, Lord STORMONT and Sir J.
SCARLETT are almost the only members of this
precious faction who have been enabled to achieve
a double triumph. We wish them joy of their
success, which, however, will not be without a
pretty considerable draw-back, since its only end
will be to compel them, night after night, to
witness personally from that side of the House,
which old lawyers and promising young sprigs
of aristocracy always find most uncomfortable
sitting, the triumph of Ministers on all those
great questions which the Tories have so
strenuously opposed. Sir JAMES SCARLETT
and Lord STORMONT enter the House of
Commons just at the fitting season to witness
the last deathblow of their party, in ail those
various measures of popular regeneration which
they have wasted so mull time and breath in
denouncing. Truly this is a great triumph to
boast of! Mr. HERRIES, the notorious head of
one of the most preposterously pensioned fami-
lies in the kingdom, has, we perceive, achieved
at Harwich the same queer species of victory.
But these are rare instances. The majority of
the elections bid fair to turn out wholly in favour
of Ministers.

We were compelled yesterday, by a regard for
truth, to contradict the statement of a Morning
Contemporary on the subject of the Marquis of
PALMELLA'S mission to this country. It ap-
pears, on further inquiry, that Lord PALMER-
STON has not given the Marquis of PALMELLA
any reason to suppose that the Cabinet has
adopted any liberal views on the Portuguese
question ; but as his Lordship continues to ex-
press a great desire for the success of Don
PEDRO, and as the communications from Spain
go far towards removing the reasons assigned by
our Government for the bare recognition of
the Portuguese Regency, it is to be hoped that
so desirable a result is not far distant. The re-
presentatives of Don PEDRO in this country
feel assured, that the moral effect on Portugal of
a recognition of the Regency by the British
Cabinet would immediately turn the scale in
favour of Don PEDRO, and produce the over-
throw of the LT..urper, by the desertion of many
of his chief partisans and supporters, without the
necessity of further sacrifices on the part of the
legitimate SOVEREIGN. Such a recognition
would be a very cheap way of securing the as-
cendancy of British interests in Portugal, and at
the same time of promoting the cause of liti.
manity.

An express has been received from Paris,
bringing the Papers of Monday, and the Mes-
sager des Chambres, dated yesterday. They
are unusually barren of news, and are devoted to
observations on the affairs of Belgium, which, at
the present crisis, create the greatest interest not
only in Paris, but throughout the whole country.
A most important telegraphic despatch was
received on Monday, by Marshal SouLT, from
the Duke of ORLEANS and Marshal GERARD,

at the head-quarters of the French army, before
the Citadel of Antwerp ; after which a Cabinet
Council was immediately held, at which the
KING presided. Extraordinary despatches were
sent off in the course of the day to King
LEOPOLD, at Brussels, and to the Commander-
in-Chief of the army.

Ac was reported at the Bourse that Marshal
GERARD found it quite impracticable to
take the citadel without he was allowed to
attack it, not only on the country side, but from
the city itself; and that great dissatisfaction had
already began to show itself among the troops,
as King LEOPOLD and the English Commis
sioner, Colonel CARADOC, were averse to the

rench making any invasion from the city side,
as they wish it to remain neutral, lest General
CHASSE might open his fire upon it, and reduce
it to ashes. Marshal GERARD, it is said, was

determined that he phA,d,l either carry his plan
of attack into execution, without restriction,
or he would resign the commend.
The express from Government was to allow the
Marshal to act. News from the army, is, there-
fore looked to with the greatest interest in Paris.
The Prussian Ambassador and Lord GRAN-
VILLE have had several interviews with the Duke
de BROGLIE, Minister for Foreign Affairs. The
former has been exerting his influence to bring
about negotiations between the Belgians and
Dutch, which the French Government has
refused to comply with.
The news from Spain represent the country
in a very unsettled state, and the greatest firm-
ness is required on the part of the QUEEN
Regent, FERDINAND not yet having assumed
his power, and the Ministers, to suppress the
intrigues of the Priests and Carlist party. An
envoy had arrived, it was asserted, at Madrid
from Don PEDRO. Great exertions are making
by the French Ministry to induce Lord
PALMERSTON to recognise the Regency
of Oporto in the name of Queen Donna
MARIA, and put an end to the reign of the
Usurper.

Paris continues tranquil, and Ministers, since
M. DUPIN has taken office, are becoming
stronger and stronger.

GENERAL ELECTION

(THIS DAY.)

MARY LEB ONE.

This being the day appointed by the Act for the official
declaration of the poll, a great number of electors, shortly
after 9 o'clock, begun to assemble in front of the hustings.
Sir W. HORNE, accompanied by an immense number
of his friends, arrived first, and was received with loud
cheers. Immediately afterwards Mr. Portman arrived,
and was warmly greeted by loud expressions of approbation
Sir S. WHA I.LEY, and Mr. MURPHY were, on their
arrival, received with acclamations, and cries of " No
Horne and bribery."
A few minutes after 10, a multitude considerably up-
wards of 4,000, having congregated,
Sir P. LAURIE, the Returning officer, came forward
and staled that he was able to open the seals, and reckon i
up the votes as they appeared on the several district
polling books.
Before that operation, which occupied upwards of an
hour, was completed,
Sir P. LAURIE commended the electors for their good
conduct during the election, in which they had presented
a conspicuous example to other boroughs. He also re-
ferred to some attacks made in the public prints, and
hoped their good conduct that day would give them the
lie. The eight booths which had been erected had been
sent back to the builders, and not the slightest spoliation
had taken place, and by the smallness of the expense in-
curred, he hoped, as Returning-officer, to show the
public on what an economical scale the election had
been conducted. A board was then exhibited, show-
ing the exact state of the poll, in the order in
which the candidates had first addressed the electors.
Porttnan 4317 Murphy ......... 913
Horne 33201 Jones

Whalley ..............2165
At each distinct announcement of the numbers, loud
cheers, intertning'ed with groans, continued for some time.
Sir P. LAURIE then declared that Mr. Portman and
Sir William Horne had been duly elected for the borough,
which was followed by loud and long continued applause.
Mr. PORTMAN then presented himself. He thanked
the electors for the honour they bad conferred en him, and
f; ir the good temper they bad manifested during the election.
He trusted they would hear him while he addressed them in a
few words, as one of theii representatives bound to watch over
the interests of the borough, and do every thing in his power
to promote the welfare of his constituency.—(Cheers.) He
would do his utmost to serve them, and requested their aid
that he might serve them honorably, faithfully, and efficiently.—
(Cheers.) If they found him flinch from his duty, or desert
his constituents they should desert him and get rid of him.
In this election he had had votes from those who had
voted with Sir S. Whalley and Mr. Murphy, and he had
the support of all classes of voters, however different
their opinions. This was a proud declaration.—(Cheers.)
He sought only fair play to enable him to prove that he
would honestly serve them. If they found a better m in, they
might choose him at the next election. He thanked the
Returning-officer, and all connected with the management
of the election for the good order they bad displayed, and
reprobated with Sir Peter, that libel, that atrocious at.
tack, which the Times and Chronicle had made on the
borough.—(Loud cheers.) He was, Is their Representa-
tive, interested in watching over their honour, and when
he found it attacked, he was banna\ to defend it,—(Cheers.)
The Hon. Gentleman then again thanked the electors,
and retired amidst loud cheering. •
Sir W. HORNE having presented himself amidst cheers
and confusion, said—lt is not my intention to trespass long
on your indulgence. But I hope that the little I shall
find it my duty to offer you, will not be unacceptable to
any.—(Cheers.) It is Gentlemen, to perform my first
duty as one of your Members, and to express from my
heart the gratitude I feel for the honor you have done me.
—(Bravo.) Gentlemen, highly gratified as I am, with
my return, as a personal distinction, I beg leave to say
that those personal feelings are all absorbed in the determina-
tion to do that duty which the intention of your Member re.
quires at my hands.—(Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, that which
I have stated elsewhere, I stated here, that the duty of a Mem.
ber of Parliament is the highest and most sacred trust which
any man can be invested with, for the good of the people.--
When I last addressed you from these hustings, I addressed
you with those feelings which, of course, are natural to a
candidate, directed more particularly towards that por-
tion of your valuable constituency whose good opi.
nion I knew I had. But now I am no longer a candidate.

am a representative of the borough. And the use

mean to make of that distinction is, to represent you
(Cheers.) Though I may have been chosen only by a por.

. . . -
tion of you, being chosen, I will honestly represent you all.
And I beg solemnly to assure you, that although I am confident
you might have chosen an individual more capable of serving
you than myself. I will take credit, boldly and honestly, to
say, that you could not have elected one more determined than
I am to serve you faithfully, to the best of my abilities.
Allow me, Gentlemen, here to say, that the feelings of the
candidate are yours, and as a representative you will find that
I make no distinction between those gentlemen who stood for
me, although I shall ever retain a faithful sense of their kind-
ness and the rest of the constituency.—(Cheers.) I will do
my duty impartially and honestly, and if I make any distinc-
tion, in my efforts between one class of the consti-
tuency and another, it shall be in favour of those who,
from their situation in life, most require the protection of an
honest representation.—(Loud cheers.) Gentlemen, when I
look at you I see, of course, many most honest and respectable '
constituents of this borough, on whom I feel that the load of
taxation presses most heavily. Ido solemnly assure you that

I shall feel it my first duty, as far as I can, to concur with
others in Parliament in applying a practical remedy to that
which every one feels to be a practical grievance. This is
not the time nor the place to enter into general discus-
sions. You have done me the honour of electing me
as one of your representatives, because you have placed
confidence in me ; and I now declare, upon my honour,
as a man, that you shall have no reason from my conduct to re-
pent the confidence you have reposed in me.—(Cheers.)
Gentlemen, I again thank you from the bottom of my
heart, for having triumphantly elected me ; and I
shall endeavour to thank you as Englishmen ought to be
thanked, not by empty speeches or professions, but by honest
and resolute acts.—(Loud and long-continued cheers.)
Sir S. WH A LLEY then came forward and addressed the as-
sembled multitude, who listened to him throughout with
marked attention and very general applause. He appeared
before them certainly not as the representative of the
borough of Marylebone, not having succeeded in his
election, but as having gained what was much more valuable,
a load of untarnished glory, that would last while the borough
continued.—(Cheers.) He came forward unsupported by party
influence, having only public claims to their support, and in
the face of all the disadvantages he had to encounter, it was a
proud triumph he enjoyed in reflecting that 2,163 as honourable,
as honest, as pure men as ever were banded together in a holy
cause, had recorded their votes in his favour. He complained
that in every quarter throughout the borough he had been mis-
represented and maligned ; and especially that the Ministerial
organ, the " Times," had endeavoured to crush him, not be-
cause of his political opinions, but because he would not pledge
himself to support the present Administration at all hazards
and upon all occasions.—(Groans and hisses.) The men, how-
ever, that supported him on that occasion had been the props
of Government when it was tottering to its fall;, and he be-
lieved if he had come forward on Government principles alone,
and not as the representative of the great trading and indus-
trious classes of the community, his success would have been se-
cure. It was, however, in order that the tradesmen of the borough
might have an opportunity of electing their own representa-
tives, that he had been called from private life to stand as a
candidate for their suffrages. Hitherto, property alone, to the
exclusion of the interests of the middle classes, had been re-
presented in the Commons' House of Parliament. All the mul-
titudinous imposts, with which the country was burdened,
proved that the makers and imposers of taxes did not intend to
be the payers.—(Cheers.) They all therefore had a ♦it al interest
in good Government, and they all had a right to be represented,
