LONDON,' TUESDAY EVENING, JUNE 8, 1830.

the same in every part of the empire, but he would
never raise an Irish tax to the level of an English
one. He would lower the English high tax to a
level with the Irish low tax. If the Irish Members,-
who were in general very bad voters—(A laugh)—
would only attend, they might, perhaps, get such a
thing accomplished. The Scotch Members were
had voters, but .the Irish were worse ; though,
owing to a rebellion of the latter, he had once
the misfortune to be in a majority.—(A laugh.)—
They were one hundred, and
;f they -would only attend and vote, no doubt
question for equalizing the duties in all parts
of the empire might be carried. But the induce-
ment he was about to speak of was directed to the
Chancellor of the Exchequer. He found that the
exports of soap to Ireland in 1827, amounted to
239,0001b5.; in 1828 to 859,0001b5.; and in 1829
to 2,645,0001b5. Why, if the Irish used all this
soap, they must be the cleanest people under the
sun."—(A laugh.)—The soap is exported for the
sake of the drawback, and immediately smuggled
back to this country. The duties ought to be the
same throughout every part of the United King-
dom. There is but one market ; for the prices of
London determine the prices every where else. The
Irishman has much greateradvantages than thenatives
of many English counties; for no part ckireland•ite)
fifty miles distant from the sea, or some navigable
river or loch. The Irish are yet in general poorer
than the English; and of course they will consume
less than the English. A poor Englishman con-
sumes.less than a rich Englishman ; if poverty be a
reason for lowering a tax, where are we to stop ?
It is the duty of Government to give no favours or
preferences to any part of the United Kingdom; and
there is still less reason for the exception from duty
on coal in the coal districts, than for the difference
of duties in Ireland and England. We trust the
day will soon come when we shall be rid of all these
disgraceful anomalies.—/Ilorning Chronicle.
There are no people more alarmed at the idea of
hydrophobia than the English, and none more dis-
posed to encourage that dreadful malady, by rearing
all sorts of dogs, whether useful or worthless, and
allowing them to go at large in populous places, in
the hottest season of the year, without water—the
living depositaries and active agents of pestilence
and death. Hence, every summer, the terrors and
the sufferings which prevail in towns and villages, in
consequence of the ferocity of those animals tra-
versing streets and roads in a rabid state, " seeking
whom they may devour." Hence the long and
black catalogue of human victims yearly sacrificed,
amid the most horrible torments, to this passion for
canine favourites ! We would not unnecessarily ex-
cite the apprehension of the timid, there is sufficient
terror abroad at present; but it is quite requisite,
as a matter of humanity, that the extent of the
evil should be known, that it may reduce those
who have the power to make every exertion
to abate the nuisance. It •is to be lamented that
there is not a law to authorise all dogs to be de-
stroyed which are found about the streets, unmuzzled,
at those seasons when hydrophobia is prevalent.—
There are indeed local acts peculiar to some
parishes, by which the owners of dogs, who allow
them to go loose- at certain periods of the year, are
liable to a fine; and by the common law, or com-
mon usage, which is the same thing, dogs, actually
rabid, may be destroyed. But then their madness,
in general, is only ascertained by the melancholy
proof of one or more human beings having been
bitten, and thus subjected to the most cruel agonies
and dreadful death that man can suffer or witness.
Surely to preserve a single one of our fellow-crea-
tures from so horrible a visitation would be worth
the sacrifice of all the dogs in the kingdom. Yet
how many of those calamities have we had the
mournful duty of recording within the last few days.
The Magistrates of Bow-street 'issued an order the
other day against dogs going at large about the
streets; but, from the numbers that are still to be
seen prowling, without restraint, in all directions, the
order has not been very well obeyed. As a matter
of police, dogs ought to be removed out of the
streets as obstructions; and, independently of hydro-
phobia, they are frequently the cause of serious ac-
cidents, by molesting and frightening horses. In
the towns and villages in England, a great propor-
tion of those people who have scarcely bread for
their children rear useless curs that are continually
annoying passengers and attacking horses. A num-
ber of these barking nuisances go mad every year,
and deal wounds and terror around them. In some
places we are glad to find the Magistrates refuse pa-
rish relief to persons who, keeping such animals,
may be truly said to " take their childrens' bread
and throw it to the dogs." People who complain of
not being able to feed their children, ought not to be
allowed to keep worthless animals, which must prey
upon the provision of their families, or that
,of their
neighbours. It is not cruelty to exterminate such
animals—it is a duty of humanity—they are the
materials by which a home-bred plague—the most
virulent that poisons the springs of life—is fed and
circulated. No legislative measures are taken to ar-
rest this plague on the principle of prevention. As
we have said before, a dog which is ascertained to be
mad may be killed by any person; but the mischief
is first done, and small consolation is it to the rela-
tives and friends of the sufferer that the ferocious
animal has fallen, after he has made sure of his
victim—after he has plunged a family- into affliction
and bereavement by the loss of some dear relative,
whose agonies his friends were doomed to witness,
without the possibility of affording either cure or
consolation. Parliament, whose time has been oc-
cupied in so many petty acts of legislation, has been
strangely remiss upon this important subject. It is
curiously inconsistent that the most elaborate regu-
lations should be framed against the contagion of
an important plague, and that one engendered
upon our own soil should be allowed to spread its
ravages unchecked—save by some local Acts for
particular parishes, which, of course, have no gene-
ral application. If a troop of wolves, hungry from
the Apennines, had been imported and let loose in
the streets of London, they could scarcely have oc-
casioned more personal suffering or epidemic terror
than dogs have produced during the present season
in the streets of London.—Morning 'Jerald.
Our readers will perceive in our report of the
Parliamentary proceedings, that the amendment pro-
posed by Sir James Mackintosh, which does away
altogether with the punishment of death for forgery,
was carried by a majority of thirteen, at a late hour
this morning. When it is considered that the
Ministers, so far from being taken by surprise upon
this occasion, had received a pretty plain intimation,
but a few nights before, of the great change which
had taken place in the minds of men upon this sub-
ject, and had, in consequence, marshalled all their
forces to meet the struggle of last night, it is impos-
sible to regard the result in any other sense than as
a decisive triumph on the part of the friends of
humanity. What the ultimate fate of the Bill may
be in another place it is not now necessary to specu-
late ; bat, be it what it may, there was no improve-
ment contemplated in the Bill which may not, and
ought not, to be joyfully resigned, for a triumph,
however temporary, so important as the decision of
the House of Commons in this instance. But though
in one sense the effect of the amendment may be.
be permanent. The
be lost fur a season,
tßeimllpaotriadryth,
einaamnoenthdemrenitt wmilaly
but the precedent will never perish. It will
operate through the whole frame of society, over-
throwing prejudices which nothing short of such

-d.

an authority would be sufficient to conquer, and
exciting in the Legislature itself a spirit which must
sooner or later abate the barbarity of the law. It
is unnecessary to point out particular speeches in a
debate which will be read with great eagerness,
especially as the division has given a turn to the
whole proceedings which many were not prepared to
ex pe c t.—illorning Herald.
A correspondent calls upon us to express the just
indignation which every civilized mind must expe-
rience at the fatal termination of the late brutal fight.
In reply to his observations we may state, that we
have not only given all the horrible particulars re-
lating to it, but that months ago, at no i►►conside-
rable expense, and no inconsiderable personal danger
to the writer, we inserted a long series of letters,
under the head of " The Fancy," the object of
which was to expose the infamous practice of prize-
fighting, and, by exposing it, to put an end to it.
Still we allow that the present is a case which
calls for special notice on our part, and for con-
dign punishment on the aidets and abettors of
the shameful tragedy ! and in common, we be-
lieve, with every member of the community, whose
oath would be taken at the Old Bailey on the
Subject, we call on the Magistrates to do their duty
pitrbringing the guilty parties to justice, and not to
q+►ibble, as appears to have been the case at Bow-
-street yesterday, about the formality or informality
of warrants, and thus afford them time to escape.
The practice, however individual instances of it may
terminate, is most disgraceful, and its continuance
to be attributed solely to the supineness and ineffi-
ciency of the Magistracy, who, in many instances,
instead of using the powers committed to them to
prevent fights, have merely confined themselves to
the useless task of chasing the prize-fighters out of
their own county. We trust the present case will
teach them to be more on the alert in future, and
to allow no one to escape from the due punishment
so justly awarded by the law against every one
who may either have aided and abetted, or been
present at, a prize-fight. It it high time that this
remain of the grossest barbarism should no longer
remain a blot on the civilization of the country.—
Morning Advertiser.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY)

HAY MA 11 KETS.—( A t per Load of 36 Trusses.)
ST. J A M ES'S.

Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay ......... 0 to .£2 10
New Meadow Hay 0 0 0 0
Useful Old Ditto lO 3 10

Fine Upland Meadow and Ilye-grass Hay ...... 315 5 0
Clover Hay 3 10 5 5
Oat Straw £2 6to .£2 10 I Wheat Straw... 2 10 2 14
A greatLsupply ; trade very dull, at Saturday's prices.
SMITHFIELD.
_ .

Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay X° 0 to £2 10
New Meadow Hay 0 0 0 0
Useful Old Ditto 3 3 3 10
Fine Upland Meadow and Rye-grass Hay 3 10 4 10
Clover Hay (extra fine)...£s 10... Generally
Oat Straw £2 oto £2 4 I Wheat Straw 2 4 2 8
Supply good, trade very dull, and prices stationary.

PItICE OF BREAD.
The highest price of Bread in the Metropolis is 10Y2d. for the
Ch. Loaf. There are others who sell from id. to Oid. below
that price.

PRICE OF SEEDS.—June 7.

New English Red Clover Seed (per Cwt.) —s. —s. fine —s. —s.
Old Ditto Ditto —s. —s. tine —s. —s.

New Foreign Dab

Old Ditto

New White Clover.

Old Ditto DUI

New Trefoil
Old Ditto .....

Rib Grass

Euglisli Carraway
Foreign Ditto ........
coriander -----.

70s. fine 955.1055.

.s. finc —s. —s.

60s. 70s. fine —s. ---s

—s. —s. fine —s. —s.

20s. 50s. fine —s. —s.
—s. —s. fine —s —s.

10s. 30s. fine 9.55. 30s.

—s. —s. 525. fine 545.
—s. —s. 555. fine 575.
—s. ISs. fine —s. 21s.

St. Foin
Rye Grass
Pacey Ditto
Linseed, for feeding

.(per Quarter).—.......... —s. 425. fine 435. 465.
20s. 335. new 355. 455.
40s. 455. new —s. —s.
—s. 38s. fine —s. 46s

1)itto„ fjr crushing.
Canary Seed, New.

—s. —s. —s. fine —s.
—B. 465. fine —s. 523

fine —s.

fine —s.

fin( —s.

fine 14s.
tine 183.

ii he —s.

425. 465.

PRICES OF HOPS.—June 7.
Kent P0cket5.............,—..................................... 61 Os. 61. 16s. to 9/ Os.

SUFSCX Ditto

Frsex Ditto
Farnham Ditto, Fine.,..
Seconds

Kent Bai

Essex Ditto.

Sussex Ditto

51. 15s.

6/. Os.
0!. Os.
0/. Os.
51. Os.

61. 10s. to 71. Os.

61. 10s. to 71. Os.
101. Os. to 12/. Os.
81. Bs. to 91. Os.
61. Os. to 71. es.

51. ss. to 6/. Os.

51. 15s. to 61. 10s.

Old Duty laid at £120,000.

PRICE OF OIL.

Rape Oil, brown Os. Refined 0
Linseed Oil • '25 0
Linseed Oil Cake at the Mill, per thousand 9 9
Rape Cake, per ton 5 0

WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKET.—June 5.
Hay 455. Od. to 903. Od. I Clover Od. to 110 s. Od.

Straw.

Od. to 455. Od.

W HIDES.
Per Stone. s. d. to s. cl. Per Stone. s. d. to s. d.
Best Heifers& Steers 10.3 0 Ordinary 1 8 2 0
Middlings 2 4 2 8 Mat ket Calf 6 0 each.

PRICE OF POTATOES.—June 7.
0/. Os. to 31. Os."tier
0/. Os. to 3/. 10s. ditto.

Kidneys
Scotch Reds

LEATHER.

Per ib. d. to d.
Tanned Ukase Hides.. 16 19
Spanish Ditto ................ 21 25

Per dozen.
Calf Skins.. 36 to 4(lib. 14 18
Ditto 50 to 701 b. 21 26
Ditto 70 to 801 b. 18 21
Small Seals, Greenland 20 21i
K ET.—June 7.

COAL MAR'
Adair's 30s. 6d.
Ceatimontet 27 0
30 0
Kenton We5t......... 30 0
Killingworth 31 0
Ord's Redhugh 27 3
['claw -- `.) 0
Pontop Windsor 25 3
Shipcote— 27 6
Pantield
Tanfield Lea 27 3
Townley 2B 0
Willington
Wylam
Walls End Bell and Co. 31 6
Ditto Bell Rolpon & Co.-31 3
Walls End Boundary 28 0
Ships at market, 54—Shipi

Walls End Newmarch_ 31s. 6d,
Ditto Burraton 31 6
Ditto Blake, 38 0
Ditto Cramlington—. 27 0
Ditto Gosforth 33 0
Ditto Hilda
Ditto Hotspur,,--....... 31 0
Ditto Northumberland 30 9
Ditto 32 0
Ditto Russell's 33 3
Walls End Hetton 33 6
Walls End Stewart's 33 6
Culin Trimsaram '24 0
Hartley 31 6
Llangennech Coal 38 6
Liddell's Trader 27 0
Stobart's small 21 9
sold, 394—Unsold, 13%.

SCOTCH MARKETS.
HADDINGTON CORN M A tiKET.—June 4.

Barley has not supported last prices ; the top is down
s. 6d., and the average I Id. ; 58 quarters were sold,
and 23 unsold. Oats have brought better prices than last
market ; top Is. average Is. 3d. up ; 161 quarters sold,
18 unsold. Wheat stands Is. higher on the top, but the
average is down Is. sd. Pease and Beans are both up on
the average. Sales in the Barley and Wheat markets
were very dull.

Wheat.
First 7os Oct
Second Ms Od
Third
There were 329 qrs.

Barley. Oats. Pease.
34s Od 31s Od 42s Od
33s Od 29s Od —s Od
32s Od 27s Od —s Od
of Wheat in market, 280 whereol
37 Unsold.-12 Grey.
31. is. Id. 10-12ths.

Avers

CH CORN
all kinds
ices abou

MARK]
of Grain
it the sal

Beans.
40s Od
3Ss Od
3tis Od
were sold.

DALKEI
The supply of
ket was large ; p
day se'nnight.
Wheat. Barley. I Oats.
First
2i7`2isss :doda
31s
sss Od°dtht F 4s: Od°d9d

!:I'.—June 3
at this

lay's mar-
,se of this

Le as tho:

rease.
42s Od
3S Od
36s Ott

Beans.
4:2s l'd
38s Od
36s Od

A Paris Paper states that an ivory turner in
London recently found in the centre of a tusk a diamond
for which he has refused 13,000/. sterling ! The circum-
stance, we believe, was never before beard.o..fin London.

LOBSTER CURRY.—The following receipt,
ve have no doubt, will prove a bonne-bouche to our Indian
friends :—Get fresh boiled lobsters, and take as much of
the meat, spawn, and head, as will be about a pound ;
melt a table spoonful of butter in a stewpan, and add to
it the lobster and two table-spoonsful of fish curry paste, to
be bad of the oilmen (not powder), and one and a half
wine-glass of cold water; stew gently for fifteen minutes,
and it is done.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

The following is an extract of a private letter of the
Isth ult. from Corfu :—" By intelligence both! from
the Continent and the islands, we learn that hostilities
between the Greeks and the Turks have recommenced at
various points. Blood is flowing in Crete, and the Samiuts,
on being informed that they were to he again placed under
the Turkish yoke, have unanimously resolved to die for
their country. Freed by their own valour, and conquerors
of the infidels, they have hitherto resisted all their attacks
Reduced to fight wi.hin a narrow space, they waited the
approach of the enemy with determined resolution, ex-
claiming, We have required no aid from the Christians
of Europe ; by what right then do they pretend to dispose
of us ?' We may soon expect to see renewed in Samos the
examples set at Saguntum, Parga, and I%lissolonghi. To
live free, or die with arms in their hands, is the firm reso-
lution of a population that, including all ages and both
sexes, exceeds 100,000 souls. The inhabitants of Phocis,
Doris, Locris, Etolia, and Acarnania, have unanimously
determined to live independent in their mountains. Never
will they surrender Vonitza, Patradzik, or the positions
held by the Policares on Mount Oeta or the sides of Par-
nassus. Faithful to the President, they will not hold them-
selves hound by any contract that separates them from
Greece. The attempt to trace the boundaries that are
to severe them may therefore be dispensed with, and it
will be well for these who are to be employed -on -that-
task to be on their guard how they present themselves on
the banks of the Sperehius, lest they be treated as if they
were Turks. This declaration has been communicated by
ail the mountaineers to the President of Greece, so that no
one may pretend to be ignorant of their sentiments. On
the other hand, the Turks, far from preparing to evacuate
Attica, are victualling the Acropolis, and refuse to admit
a:single stranger. Omar Pacha, who is daily receiving
reinforcements, has secret orders to defend Euboea, what-
ever may be the tenour of the firmans addressed to him
directing the surrender of the island to the Greeks. Ne-
gropont and Carystos are occupied by garrisons com-
manded by officers lately arrived from Constantinople.
The islands of the Archipelago have formed confederacies
in opposition to the municipal laws under which they have
lived for the last eight years, pretending that no foreigner
has a right to interfere in their affairs, without the consent
of their delegates, and that these delegates even have no
power to alienate their rights. Thessaly, Epirus, and
part of Macedonia, groan under the anarchical rule of the
Albanians, who carry off, and sell for slaves, all the Chris-
tians they find without the walls of the towns. These
armed barbarians deny the authority of the Grand Seignor,
whom they look upon as the vassal of Russia. The Boa-
niacs oppose the treaty of Adrianople, and, to enforce its
execution, Russia must again draw the sword. In the
mean time the Russians remain in possession of the prin-
cipal military positions on the southern flank of Mount
Herons."

Letters from Port-au•Prince of April 22, announce
that on the 7th the definitive treaty for regulating the
political, commercial, and pecuniary relations between
France and Hayti was signed by the Commissioners, but
had not been ratified by the President. It appears that
he makes no objection to the political and commercial
stipulations, but his hesitation arises out of the pecuniary
clauses. They are not considered by him as in proporti'sn
to the revenue of Hayti, nor consistent with the sacred
obligations by which he has ever felt himself bound to-
wards the holders of bonds for the loan granted toehim.
NI. Pichon, however, is perfectly aware of what ought to
be done, having received an official communication of the
receipts and expenditure of Hayti for the last three years.
In the mean time the llaytian Government announces its
intention to continue its remittances for the reimburse-
ment of the contractors. The Bayonnaise had just
sailed, and other vessels are shortly to follow her.

The Austt ian Observer contains a letter from Count
Capo d'lstrias, addressed. to Baron Rouen, the French se-
sident in Greece, in which he declares, in the most distinct
and unequivocal terms, that the two decrees inserted in the
Courier de Smyrna, relative to the establishment of a tri-
bunal of secret an; veillanee, and attributed to the Greek
Government, are entirely false, the Government not having
had the intention of having recourse to such measures.
The editor, he states, is guilty of defamation and calumny,
and had either himself actually forged these pretended do-
cuments, or else inserted them without taking due means
to ascertain their authenticity. The President then calls
upon Baron Rouen to use his endeavours to bring the
editor (who is a French subject) before the competent
authorities, in order to his being compelled to make a
distinct and formal avowal of the falsity of the articles
complained of.
M. Feissat, editor, and M. Demonchy, printer of the
Semaphore of Marseilles, were tried a few days since by
the Tribunal of Correctional Police, for a libel upon M.
d'Arbaud Jouques, Prefect of the Bunches du Rhone, by
stating in that Journal " that he had made a dull trans-
lation of Ossian, that he had the vulgar air of a Burgun-
dian clown, and resembled the would-be gentleman in La
Faus.se Agnes." M. Feissat was condemned to a month's
imprisonment, and a fine of 300 franc,. M. Demonchy
was acquitted.
The following intelligence from Navarin is dated April
14:—" In June last the merchantman Neptune, com-
manded by John Caramandi, was captured off Candia by
Tufahzi-Baschi, and taken to Canes with six of her crew,
who were sent to prison by Kara Suleiman, Pacha. The
Captain and the rest of the sailors jumped into the sea,
reached the shore, and concealed themselves in the moun-
tains. A few months ago Tufahzi-Baschi went to Syra
on his way to Smyrna, whither lie had been sent by Kara
Suleiman, when Caramanli, with the relations of the im-
prisoned mariners, applied to the Commissioner to have
Tufalizi-Baschi arrested, in order to obtain the liberty of
the prisoners as the condition of his release. The Go-
vernment, however, directed the immediate release of
Tufahzi-Baschi, who continued his voyage to Smyrna;
but the sanguinary Kara Suleiman, as soon as he heard
of the arrest of Tufabzi-Baschi, without waiting for any
information as to the result, hung the poor incarcerated
Greeks, though they were absolutely ignorant of these pro-
ceedings. They have all left families."

FRENCH FUNDS..-.PARIS, JUNE 5.-Five per Cents., 101 f.
30c. 20c. 15c. 20c. 35c. 25c.. ; Four per Cents. 99f. 90c. ; Three
per Cents., 19f. 15c. 10c. 15c, 30c. 25c. 20c. 30c. 45c. 50c. 79f.
f sc. 40c. ; Bank Stock 1,90 M„. Rentes de Naples, 84E 40c. 60e.
50c. 55c. foc.. 84f. 70c. eV. 70c. 85f. ; Rentes d'Espagne, -;
Royal Spanish Loan, 85; Rentes Perpetuelle d'Espagnc, 70,
71, 71!q 9,i, 72% t 4 Haytian Loan, 5001 ; Exchange on London
-One month, (paper), 251 50c. ; ‘money), 25f. 45c. ; Three
months (paper) 25f. 35c. ; (money) 25t. 35c.-fours Authemtique.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

TATTERSALL'S.

The doubts that prevail respecting the event of his Ma-
jesty's illness stop all betting on the Gold Cup to be run
for at Ascot on Thursday, as, in the case of a fatal termi-
nation previous to that day, it is said that none of the
Royal stud will run. On the other hand, if his Majesty
should surv:ve, Zinganee will start, and Chifney ride him.
The only offers were 6t04 on Zinganee. Priam conti-
nues in high demand, 2 to 1 being laid on him for the
Sweepstakes this day, in spite of 71b. extra for winning the
Derby ; excepting Mahmoud, they will not back any
thing without a reservation for a start. The St. Leger
betting does not offer any change beyond a marked im-
provement in Moss Rose. The day's business terminated
as follows :
SWEEPSTAKES or 100 SOVS. EACH, AT ASCOT THIS DAY.
2 to 1 on Mr. Chifney's Priam (taken p. p.)
3 to I agst Lord Exeter's Mahmoud (offered p. p.)
10 to 1 agst Lord Sefton'a Captain Arthur (taken, not p. p.)
ASCOT GOLD CUP.—(THURSDAY.)
6 to 4 agst His Majesty's Zinganee.
The Duke of Rutland's Cadland will not start.
ST. LEGER.
11 to 4 agst Mr. Chifney's Priam (taken)
9 to 1 agst Lord Cleveland's Raby
10 to 1 agst Mr. Clifton's Moss Rose
15 to 1 agst Mr. Richardson's St. Nicholas
IS to 1 agst Lord Queensberry's Hassan
20 to I agst Mr. R. Shepherd's The Cardinal (taken)
00 to 1 agst Mr. Petre's Brunswicker
02 to 1 agst Mr. Riddell's Emancipator
22 to 1 agst Duke of Portland's Lady Emily colt
25 to 1 agst Mr. Powlett's Lady Emmeline
23 to 1 agst Colonel Cradock's The Barber
03 to 1 agst Duke of Leeds's Lady Mowbray
30 to 1 agst Duke of Leeds's Redstart
33 to 1 agst Sir T. Stanley's Lawrie Todd
12 to 1 agst Dnke of Leeds's lot
7 to 1 agst St. Nicholas and Duke of Leeds's lot (taken
6 to 5 the field agst three
30 to 1 agst Lord Scarborough's lot (taken)
1000 to 10 agst Mr. Petre's The Major (taken)

CURRAN being told that a person high in
office had married a woman he had taken from the st►eets,
said, " That old fellow is always robbing the public."

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS-(LAST NIGHT.)

The Earl of ELDON presented a petition frog,
the Lord Mayor and Corpoption4kl,4oo4lf4r#s*l
the punishment of death for-torgery.
The Archbishop of YORK presented petitions
from Hull, Bradford, and Shipley, against the con-
tinuance of slavery; and from Beverley, and one or
two other places, against the Beer Bill.
The Earl of KINNOUL presented two petitions
from Perth, one in favour, and the other against the
Tay Navigation Bill.
