that thpy have no reason to believe that this sacrifice will
promote or ensure the tranquillity of Ireland. Both in fact
know, that the Church and all that belongsto it will be resisted
hereafter as it has been resisted heretofore ; and both knoW
and feel that the money they propose to take from us go. s
to reward and encourage disobedience to the law. We
stigmatised Sir ROBERT PEEL'S project on Weinesday as
a gross injustice to England. The Crronicle to-day de
nounces it on the same ground. The Scotsman declares
that the whole sum will go into the pocket; of the Irish land-
lords, and not induce the people to acqiiiesce in the existence
of the Establishment. Oa tha united tcstimony of all parties
the people of England and Scotland arc to be robbed, as Mr.
lInNtE said, by the Whigs and the Tories, for behoof of
the Irish lanlowner and non-title payer. Now when we
cornl_ne this act of robbery, as Mr. HUM E stylus it, with
the 8.11 for plunckring its to make approaches to the Royal
Exchange, with the iniquitous Act, as the Rev. Mr.
JONES calls it, fir increasing the rates on tithes, with
the bounty on sugar, which levies on the sugar con-
sumers, as Mr. CLAY has demonstrated, a sum of
2,175,000/. for the liAnof of planters, and with
the Corn-law, which plunders the public of God
knows Low Much, for the benefit of the landlords, we
really can come to no other conclusion than that Legisla-
tion has at present dwindled into a contrivance for enabling
one class to plunder some other class, by means of law.
But if the Parliament get, and deserve such a reputation, it
will come to be regarded as a public nuisance, which ought
to be suppressed.

The House of Assembly in Jamaica, after pas,ing a Bill
declaring negro apprenticeship at an end on the Ist of
August next, appointed a Committee to prepare a petition,
a memorial, and a protest to her MAJESTY on the subject of
the abolition of the apprenticeship and further compensa-
tion. We must say that these planters and chiefly the
planters of Jamaica are a most singular race, and far ex-
ceed in impudence the poor widow with two or three sons
unprovided for, whom Sir VVALTER SCOTT described as the
most impudent of all beggars. The proprietors in several
of the smaller islands had set the laudable example
of providing for the complete emancipation of their slaves
on the Ist of August. The Marquis of SLIGO and other,
proprietors of negroes in Jamaica had announced their in-
tention of perforwing the same act of justice and mercy to
all on their estates. The outcry against want of faith on the
part of the planters, and the demand for the speedy c t-n-
-pletion of the contract raised spontaneously and universally
throughout the British dominions had become too strong for
the Government to resist; yet these planters, whoby ahappy
combination of circumstances have been at last compelled to
do an act of justice, for which they have been paid threefold,
still cry spoliation and robbery, and petition the QUEEN for
further compensation. We doubt if there is an instance
on record of such ingratitude and madness, or if even
these persons themselves could have committed any other
act so calculated to establish the opinion entertained of
them by all impartial men in this country. The British
people consider that they have paid ten times more than the
planters were entitled to ; and if the account were opened
anew between them and the Legislature, we doubt much,
so bad has been their conduct, if the Government would
venture to make even the first proposition of Lord STAN-
LEY for a loan of fifteen millions. We are quite certain
that nine out of ten of the many thousands that petitioned
for immediate Emancipation would raise their voices
against that ; yet they petition for more than the twenty
millions, and call on the present Government to do what no
Government could do without committing self-de-
struction. We were anxious that the planters them-
selves should have the merit of putting the last
hand to this work of mercy, and in such a way as
to merit the good opinion of the British nation, as well
as of the negroes. Unfortunately they have thought fit to
act otherwise ; but, like most evils, this Act is mixed up
with some good. It will teach the friends of the negroes
to watch the conduct of these masters, and take care that
men so habituated to the evils of slavery, shall not establill
it in another shape.

The omnipotence of public opinion was never more
strikingly exhibited, than in the despatches received yester-
day at the Colonial-office, announcing the total abolition of
the apprenticeship system in the West Indies. Well night
Lord BROUGHAM, in the House of Lcrds, List night, con-
gratulate the Abolitionists, and the country, on the triumph
obtained by the advocates of unqualified etnam.ipatien, by
the mere force of convictions based upon the ptinciples of
eternal justice, and addressed to the moral sense of ti;e
British people. Such a triumph over prejmliee, error, a
dread of retaliatory ver.g• once, and self interest, is adrni
rably calculated to encourage a nation i i the most arduous
struggles against oppression ; and to inspire even a minority
with a sure conviction that if their cause be just, tit: y
will eventually surmount every difficulty. Ta Lo. d
BROUGHAM the greatest praise is due, fur the zeal with
which, fur so'many years of an active life, he devoted him-
self both " in season, and out of season" to the amehor
lion of the condition of the African population of our
West Indian colonies. His Lordship has, however, his
richest reward in the success which has attended his humane
and benevolent exertions ; and had the present GovernmeLt
no stranger claim to public support and rational confid:
than what it m ty derive from having honestly and promptly
co-operated with him in achieving the emancipation of tin
negroes on tho Ist of August next, we should be the first
to maintain that it would be imp sssible to estab'ish the in.
herent justice of the Ministerial policy on less ques-
tionable foundation. Lord GLENELG'S explication of his
opinions, and explanation of his conduct upon the slave
question list night, were ail that the righteous opponents
of a must unholy system could expect or. require. 11i:
Lordship preferred persuasion to force, and the te,ult I.a •
proved that he acted wisely and humanely for all pa- tie.--
that in consultiag the prcju lies and the pride of tl.c mair-
ters he effcctuolly providod for the b 'St interests of the
apprentices. Though a few of the Crown Colonies
had not recommended the iinmedi ite abolition of the ap-
prenticeship system up to the 10th of June—the d..te of
the latest nal f-orn the West Itches—a eferen.c to the
xtracts from the Jamaica Jout nals, publishe 1 in moodier
part of the Sun, will satisfy our readers that there is
longer the shadom of a doubt of their following the mag-
nanimous example set them by Antigua, Borbadees,
Jamaica, Ind the other islands in which the last remnant of
slavery has been so nobly abolished by the local Legisla-
tures. That such is the conviction of Lord Brroucitam is
manifest from his consenting to withdraw his umfon for
bringing the question more immediately under the jurisder-
tion of her MAJEST Y in Council.

In the event of slavery being abolished, noatin
and in fact, throughout the British dotninions en the first
of August next, we would respectfully suggest the setting
apart that day as a solemn festival throughout the British
dominions. Few days in the Christian Calendar—few
events in the history of the human race—are more worthy
of national commemoration than that on which a natioa
spontaneously and solemnly agreed to renounce for evcr
the comm;sslon of one of the greatest outrages
upon liberty and morality that ever disgraced the
human species. Who, even among the most Ugotted
Churchmen, would think of comraring the anniversary
of the decapitation of an unconstitutional Sovereign, or
the discovery of a gunpowder plot, with the anniversary of
a day which for ever fr ed the British nation from the
foul stain of trafficking in human flesh ?—which abo-
lished the last remnant of every claim of man in
man as personal property ? It is surely more glorious and
mare soul-inspiring to commemorate the transcendent,
virtuous achievements if nations, than to recall the recol-
lection of crimes which can neither be expiated, nor serve
at a warning to the community, Of the men who, by
their untiring efforts have contributed most to the total
abolition of slavery, the brief limits of this article will not
allow us to say a word. But their names shall or 4 be
forgotten with the nationality of England.

In the last Number of the " Edinburgh Review,".in the
masterly article on the " Character of Lord CHATHAM,"
the Reviewer quotes a letter of GEORGE the THIRD
whi,h we here subjoin, fur we understand it has never bc:
fore been publi3hed. It is written in answer to Lord
NORTH'S proposal for putting Mr. W. PITT'S name in
Lord CHATHAM'S pension The making Lerd CHAT-
HAM'S family suffer for the conduct of their father, is rot
in the least agreeable to my sentiments. But I should
choose to know him to be totally unable to appear on the
public stage before I agree to any offer of that kind, lest it
should be wrongly construed a fear of him; and indeed his po-
litical conduct the last wiator was so abandoned, that hemust,

in the eyes of the dispassionate, have totally undone the
merit of his former conduct. As to any gratitude to be
expected from him or his
,family, the whole tenor of their
lives has shown them void of that most honouraide senti-
ment. But when decrepitude or death puts an end to him
as a trumpet of sedition, I shall make no difficulty in
placing the second son's name instead of tl.e father's, and
ma.king up the pension thr,e thouscrul pounds." We siy
nothing of the grammatical inaccuracy of this Royal
epistle—for Kiogs are privileged, and indeed ex-
peete4, to write bad grammar—but what is to be
said for the btFe, vindictive, unrelenting spirit
that breathes through it ? His MAJESTY will not
accede to his favourite Lord No RT tfs proposal—
though it exact no sacrifice, and is sew cely even a fat our—
until WILLJ AM PITT is compelled to sac fur his bounty ili
fin nia pauperis.- When he satisfactorily shows that. Lis
alTairs are in such a state, that he hat vo other resource
than to work on the rou:, or apply to the parish for
relief, then, arid not till then, the high-minded GEORGE
the 'FIIIRD—" the good old King," as he has so often been
called by those who know nothing of his real character—
will do him—not an act of kindness, but of the most ordi-
nary justice I Mark, too, the delicacy of his allusion
to the "decrepitude or death" of the great CHATHAM,
which he evidently looks forward to with delight ; and
why? because that immortal Minister taught him to feel
his own insignificance, and obtain triumphs in which he
could not by any possibility have the remotest share, for no
one could suspect a GEORGE the THIRD of having either
the intellect to conceive, or the energy to carry through,
the grand designs of a CHATHAM! A more thorough despot
—a more consummate hypocrite—a monarch more sly,
tricky, and obstinate, or more fierce and relentless in his
enmities—never swayed the sceptre of Great Britain, than
this same overrated GEORGE the THIRD. Woe be to
his memory, when history, guided by stern truth, takes
the pen in hand

The Benefices Plurality Bill went through Committee
in the House of Lords last night. The ostensible object
of this Bill, as our readers are aware, is to apply a remedy
to that crying abuse in the Church commonly called " Plu-
ralism," which is founded on the notion, now pretty nearly
exploded, that a Clerical instructor of the people can be
in more places than one at the same time. How far the
measure will answer the end proposed may be judged
from the fact, that it does not prohibit Pluralism
in cases where the parishes farmed by the Pluralist
are not more than ten miles apart. An attempt was made
by Lord PORTMAN to introduce an amendment, prohibit-
ing any clergyman from holding two filings unless the pa-
rishes were contiguous. This, he very justly argued, would
be the next thing to a declaration that pluralities ought to
be entirely abolished, and would besides render the mea-
sure intelligible, which it was not in its present form. The
Bishops immediately took the alarm, and his Grace the
Arch-hierarch was pushed forward to declare that such a
course as that proposed by the Noble Lord could, by no
possibility, be admitted, because the clause on which the
amendment was moved had been agreed to, first, by the
Ecclesiastical Commissioners, alias the Right Reverend
CHARLES JAMES, and then by the whole 11;glit Reverend
Bench, who were of opinion that the orthodox way of deal-
ing with an abuse—a great and acknowledged evil—in the
church was to steer a middle course between its entire
removal and its flourishing in the rankest luxuriance. The
happy medium in this case was to fix ten miles as
the maximum distance between benefices held in plurality.
The most Reverend Father, with a truly paternal solici-
tude for the spiritual interests of the Church, also remarked
that such a sweeping Reform as that proposed by the
amendment would play the deuce with the Curates, who
would be dismissed in great numbers, and younkers without
experience, holding benefices, be compelled (hcu rtefar !) to
perform their clerical functions in person.
Some trifling alterations were allowed to be made in a
few of the clauses, and the Bill was ordered to be reported
on Friday. The measure, like all the other Church mea-
sures, is little better than a mockery.

We have received the whole of the Paris Jouraels of
Sund.y. The Editor of the Temps Newspaper was tried
oa Saturday &Sore the Chamber of i'eer3 for a libel, and
sentenced to onc mouth's imprisonment, and a Line of 400 f.
There is no other news in these papers except what is eon-
ta'n,d in the subjoined extracts.
The only news from Spain consists of a ruin. ur of tie
capture of the Carlist Chief ZUBILU and his two sons near
Valcorlos.

The Languedoc Gazelle gives news from Spain, in AV IA ICII we find only
detail, of the late movements of the Royalist and Christino t. oops.
lire Castellano. a Madrid journal, gives a deplorable picture of the
situation to which the soldiers of the revolution are reduced at the open.
log of the Campaign. 'They are even wi bout shoes and stockings.
" Let the 6overnment," says that journal, " contract a loan, let it do so
on any terms; the at my cannot live in tit's Planner."
A journal states, on the authority of a
private letter, that Marital
wid pri bably arrive at Paris on Friday next, the .oth of this
went h.

On the Ist if July a column of Christino prisoners entered 13. r oa;
every t:ne of them had retained his uniform, which is an answer to
what the Go rrilia Nacional affirmed re-pecting the manner in which
the ('al tits treat their prisoners.
On the 28th of June, Zorila was at Vsllatir.o wilh four Carlist
I.a:talions. It w.ts teporteti that he was going to send half of his troops
tato the tii.tt iit of Valles. The battalion ccintuandeil by Little de
Nlataro was marchin..:
;dousing and Cautpins. Mallorca, with a
colinno of 200 men. was proce,ting by way of St. to to Pea de
la Sid...a.— Gazeite de Frooce.

gnarl er If the Mforniation which we receive from I,lH:fere it
can eet the Camp of Luiteville will be Made more importaitt
th.in 11,ml this year. We are told thatto C-e fur thou-
sand c .v.i'ry which will be there assembled a certain num-
her of Littalions Of infantry will be added. In this case it would
he lath, r a can p of ob ervation than one fur the exercise of the 120-3.
The stratiretis of the Bth regiment of Cui,assiers paNsed tit: tough on toe
sth, on their w.iy to Lint,v.lle. The Ist regitricht of Carabinecrs arrive I
on the i;th at 'Nancy, on its way from lameville to TM!.
The Abbe Michael Colombo, ceie of the most illustrious write:s of
Italy, died Lady at Peris,—Constituti,mel.

B
us• els and Gorman Journals have r.,Ac!ied us
but their contents are of no political interust.

Lo d Duncan inired off with Sir
Will am Follett,
Mr I. troy's amendment yesterday evening,.
AIN O'Connell lu.,s never ceased to denounce asfi
murder the slaughter of the poor people in the tithe af ay at 'babe,-
rrrac itlIOU! at all convincing the petqle of this country Th.!leatonate
im:iscretion of Sir Edward Siigtleri last !ilea, however, will have the
chit. He adin:tted that if there was an enclosure murder had been
coliadtted, and the evidence of a member of Parliament, and of all the
win .sses examint ti on the trial, proved that the spot where the slaughter
tuck p's,c cell inclosed.
EituATum.—lii the article on the Mlils on hail
way bill in The Sun of yeler.lav, the word " arbiter" is twice printed
•
by mistake for " arbitiator."
Leiceiterdeire Me'curl/ con an.. - to furnish
evidence il:ustrative the very questionable policy of Piecing a nwd-
diing parson on the bench. If the object of our provincial Colitempo
rary's repeved rebukes and very set ere animadversions deserve only
oiie tc eniietli part v(the searing censure which the-Mercury hesitates
not fearlessly to pronounce, and openly publish to the
t• res
world, the sooner
the Loughborough !tench is relieved from the odium brought upon it by
individual magisterial nii.consluct the better, both for the characterof
the bench itself, and fur the hundri.ds of parsons subjeeteel to its juris-
diction. We, who are distant from the theatre of the alleged guilty
magistrat,'s scene of action, are not of course in a condition to know
unerringly the precise truth of the charges brought against him in the
columns of the Leicestershire Mercury; but if they can be substan-
tiated by evideucc, we feel fully persuaded that an application in the
Toocr qui-irter would promptly be followed by results which every Iriend
to the pure, proper, and impartial administration of justice must desire
to witness. The Lord Chancellor will net permit any magistrate to re-
main on the bench from which public opinion, pronouncing his the
wrong.eiwr's condemnation, has already virtually expelled him.
A BARBARIAN SIIIELD-13ELLA, lIORRIDA
BELLA !-1t has b•cn stated, that the commander of the ship Strathisla,
win elt vessel arrived at the port of Calcutta from the Malay coast, pos-
sessed a shield which bad been captured from the savages in Torres'
Straits. The shield is in the shape of a tortoise, and in it are set, in a
state of preservation, the heads of the captain of a ship which belonged
to this pent, and was lost some time since, and seventeen of his crew and
passengers. The heads bear all the scars of wounds which were inflicted
on them. The captain's head is put in the place representing
the head
of the tortoise, and a boy's is at the tail, and either of the crew's on each
sAlc. A fac. simile of the horrid shield, as drawn from the original, is
in the possession of Me.;srs. Sheldon and Co.
The following is a verbatim et literatim copy of a
letter, the production of some modern " Swing," addressed 'to Mr.
Whadcoat, of Easemore Farm, near Redditch

" To Mr. Wadeoat and other Farmers A round We Poor men have
Stood It loon a nut you must not Have the irish men at harvest
work
This year of no sort or the Falusefer Match must be made youse of
And So Spread it at market

" If you know wlieu you are well of you ad Better take my advise
" Tu Mr. Charles Wadeoat
Farmer Bedditeh." —Worcester Herald.
The Shropshire and Staffordshire Ironmasters, at
their quarterly meetings this week, have agreed to make nc alteration
from the last quarterly quotations. With re,peet to the prospects of the
iron trade, we have pleasure in stating that they wear a healthy appear.
unce.—Wormiter Herald.

CONIFORTAI3LE LODGINGS.—A drunken luau
was a! ely found fast asleep at midnight, on the Stockton Railway, with
his neck on one of the rails in front of an engine and train_j)‘,.,a„,
Herald.

It is said that Joseph Buonaparte, formerly King
el Spain, has been for some time in treaty with Lord Ashburton for the
purchase of the Buckland estate in this county (Devonshire.)_....irest„„
Luminary.
The citadel of Antwerp is completely armed ; the
works added to strengthen the fortifications proceed rapidly, We have
remarked that a small advanced fort, which is befure the entrance of
the citadel, and commands the Scheldt, is armed with twelve cannon
and twelve howitzers. This artillery is ready to aq.—Brussrls Paper.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-(THIS DAY.)

- The House sat to day to hear ap;,eals; the Peers present were the
Lord Chancellor, the Earl of Charlemont, and Viscount Lismore.

TUE COLLEGE OF GLASGOW V. THE FACULTY OF PIIY,;ICIA NS AND SULiGEONS

CP C .;COW,

This case came before their Lordships for the second time upon ap-
peal f.om tire decision of the Ccurt of S.:sslons in Scotland; the qurs.
Con in the case was whether persons holding the degree recently insti.
toted by the College of Glasgow of Masters in surgery were tn_
titled to practice surgery wiltitt the bounds of a charter of incur.
potation granted by James the First, in 1599, to the respondents,
which charter was aft-rwards ratified in 1672 by the Scotch Par-
liament ; the respenflents contet:ding ,that no person could prac.
tise surgery within the limits of the grant without a
license from the'n; instituted an action of suspension and interdict, for
the purpose of restraining certain indisidinds from practi,ing. Art
action of declarator was also brought by the appellants for the purpose
of having it declared that the posession of the degree of Master in Sur.
gory from the College was entitled to practice within the bounds of the
Favu ty's charter. These two actions were referred to the Court of
Session, who, after mature consi.:4-ration, came to the opinion that with-
out the license of the Faculty of Physicians, no person could practise
st.r3ery within the district cover. dby the grant. From that decision the
Case came before the House upon bppeal some time since, when it was
remitted back to the Court of SC6slOl), with further instructions. The
Judges in Scotland stilt adhering to their for ner opinion, the case now
cure before their Lordships upon appeal from that judgment.
The ATTORNET.GENER AL and Sir Wm. FOLLETT were heard yes.
terday on behalf the appellants.
The Loan ADVOCATE, with whom was Dr. LIIsHINGTON, addressed
their Lordships on the part of the respondents, but had not concluded
when our reporter !eft.
The following are extracts from the Charter of King James the First,
incorporating the respondents :—" James be the Grace of God King of
Scottis, to all Provostes, Baillies of Burrowis, Scherritfs, Stewartis,
Babes or regalities and other Ministas of Justice within the bounds
following, and their deputes and all and sundrie, otheris cur bridges
and subjectis whom it effeirs. quhas knowledge their own
letterer, sal cume greetin -with ye us, with advise of oure
Counsel!, understanding the grit abuses quhilk hes berm comited
in time bygone anti zit daylie contincuis, be ignorant, unskillit, and un-
Icarnit persoiiis, quha under the collour of chirurgeans, abusis the people
to Blair plesuer,: passing away but tryel or punistment, and thairby,
destroys infinite number of our subjects, quhairwirh na ordour
hes ben torte in time bygone, specially within our burgh and
baronie of Glasgow, Renfrew, Dumbarton, and oure Sheriffdoms
of Clidsdale, Renfrew, Lanark, Kyll. Carrick, Air, and Curs..
ningharne; for avoiding of sik inconvenientis and for gulls orduure
to be lane in time coming, to have stain, CONSTITUT and
ORDA I N IT, and be the tenoure of Cnir oure letteris, MAKIS,
and ORDAINIS Moister Peter Low, our chirurgeane, and chief chirurgeane
to oure dearest son the Prince, with the assistance of Moister Robert
Hamilton, Profetsoure of Medicine, AND THAIR SUCCESSOURES,
leris of our citie of Glasgow, gevand and grantand to thame AND THAIR
SUCCESSOURES, full power to call, sutnmond and convene before thame
within the said burgh of Glasgow, or any otheris of ouir said burrows or
publict places of the fore said boundis, ALL personis prrfessing or using the
• saidart of CHIRURGIE, to examine theme upon thair literature, knawledg,e
and practise, gif they fund be wordie, to admit, allow and approve thane,
give them testimonial according to the airt and knowledge that they
sail be fund wordie to exercise theireafter, resave their aitlris, and
:.uthorize theme as aceordis, and to discharge theme to use onie farrier
nor they have knowledge, passing their capacity, foists our subjectis be
abusit ; and that every ane chat report testimonial of the minister and
elders or magistratis of the parorhin whair they dwell, of thair life and
conversatione, and in case they be contumax, being lauchfullie citat,
every ane to be tuilawit in the soume of fortie ponds, totics quoties, half
to the judges, other half to be disponit at the visitoures' pleasure, and
for payment thairof the said Mr Peter and Mr Itol..ert, OR VISITOURES, to
have oure other letters of horning on the partie or magistreates whair
the contemptuous person dwellis, chargeing thane to poind thairfor,
within twenty-four houris, under the pain of horning, and the partie
not haveand gelr poindable, the magistrates under the same pain, to in..
carcerate theme quhill cautioun responsible be fund, that the contumax
persone shall compear at sick day and place as the saidis visitouris sail
appoint, gevand trial of their qualifications."

The Charter then makes it imperative upon the persons thus Lvoured
to inspect and report upon every case of sudden death, and proceeds—
" That it sail be leisum to saidis Visitouris, with the advice of Male
Bretheren, to make Statutes for the common weill of our subjects
anent the saidis duties, and using thairof faithfullie, and the
breakers thairof to be punishit ; and unlawit he the Visi-
touris according to their fait. It sail not be leisum to onie
manner of personis within the foresaidis boundis to exercise medicine
without ane testimonial of ane famous universitie quhair medicine is
taught, or at the leave of ours and oure dearest spouse cheif medicinaris,
and in case they failzie, it shall be lei-um to the saidis visitouris to
challenge, perseu and inhibit name throu useing and exercising of the
said art of medicine, under the pain of fortie punds, to be distributed,
half to the judges, half to the pure, toties quoties, they be fund in
useing and exercising the same, ay and quhill they bring sufficient testi-
monial as saidis.'

" And last of all, gevand and grantand TO THE SAIDIS VISITOURIS,
INDWELLERS OF GLASGOW, PROFESSOURIS OF THE SAIDIS ARTIS, ♦ND
TIIAIR BRETHEREN PRESENT ♦ND TO CUM, imrnunitie and exemption
from all wappin-shawings, ratdis, oistis, bearing of armour, watching,
wairding, stending, taxationis, passing on assizes, inquestis, Justice
Courts, Scherriff or Burrow Courtis, in actions criminal or civil, not-
withstanding of owre actin, lawis, and constitutionis thairof, except in
giving thair counsill in materis appertaining to the saidis artis ; ordain.
lag you all, the foresaidis Provostes, Baillies of burrowis, Sheriffis,
Stewartis, Baillies of regalities, and otheris Ministeris of Justice within
the saidis boundis, and your deputis to assist, fortifie, concur, and de-
TIIE SAIDIS VISITOURIS ♦ND TIIAIR POSTERITIE, PROFESSOURIS OF
THE SAIDIS ♦RTIS, and put the saidis Actis, maid and to be maid, to exe-
cution, and that oure other letters of our session be granted therupon,
to charge thame to that effect, within twentie-fours next after they be
chargit thairto."

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS

CITY (THIS DAY): TWELVE O'CLOCK.
'I he fd!owing is posted at theNo►th and South American Coffeehouse :
" FALMOUTH, JULY 15.—The Alert arrived this morning from
Mexico; sailed from Tampico June 9, Havannah June 20, with a
f ht of about 740,000 dollars and five passenger 9. The French were
I..biriizka.ling Vera Cruz and Tampico."

The Liverpool steamer has arrived with mails from Alexandria,
Heyrout, Corfu, Malta, Gibraltar, Lisbon, Oporto, and Vigo. The
Alert brought a mail from Vera Cruz.

We have receive.! the Malta Papers to the 23th June. The official
report published in Bombay, a copy of which we have received, dated
17th May, lays bet:,re the subscribers to the steam fund in India the
arrangement~, which ate in great forwardness, fur facilitating the transit
o' passengers across Egypt; and although the approbation of the Pacha
has not been formally ncel, there seems to be little doubt of his
Ilizline:s's acquiescence in the measure. These consist of a centre
strvion, and four intermediate ones, to be surrounded by a substantial
wall, and containing sleeping rooms and stabling, and tank for water.
The Ma'ta papers state that after the 10th October next, passengers
landing at Suez will find there a branch of the Cairo Hotel, where they
may remain as many hours al they pease; and from this place a &ive
of t,i) hours in a comfortable carriage will take them to the half.way
house, and bring them to Cairo, where they will find accommodation in
the English Hotel The expense of the journey is 64 per head; ha:f the
sum for servants and cbildren.

TIME FUNDS.
'I his being settling day in the Cowsol Starker, the brokers and
jabbers are chiefly employed in arranging and settling their accounts,
which are not of a heavy description, and no doubt will terminate without
any failures. Consols which closed yesterday at 951 4, Money 93% 1.,
opened at same price this morning. For August Account, 93: 1, ;
Exchequer 8i115,74 76 ; Bank Stock, 205% 6 ; India Bonds, 77 79.
It was settling day in the Foreign Masket yesterday, and the Ac-
count passed off well with' the exception of one insignificant default.
Spanish Active closed at 22f, opened at same price with Coupons;
Portuguese closed 35-1 ant, sane; Brazilian
.79 % 801; Mexican,
25/ ; Colombian, 27j ; Dutch Two-atrl.a.Half per Cents., 644.
l'ltlCe.:, tie 61.t:CK, PHIS 1)AI A F ONE O'CLot.A..
:5.451
Stock ..
Per I:e. t. , iiii.4 i.., . •,,,,.., isinnt. . ....... .......7 8 9 pm.
I", c,..t. on,
.. RBA , u!,l tarinitie. .....
:) rt, Re 4.., - - .... l. i 1,4
di 1, Ntw ')itto • -.. .
'''''' li; P.,- Cei.; . — :I pei Cent .Annuitt..s, r .s 1 —
.•:.."A" ''• COI. i :1-01. A .... .^....
KPll 5, I,sii. lsli 7-1.7 atto Sinai; 7l 77 pm.
C .9 ns..„
....... , — :nut, C.:min:re:Ai - - Pm.
•ari. 5, Ivii; IS )'too Advertised... .. .-...- - VIP.
Sal, ;`, le:, ......
..... - I •s,ink v,oeli for A...a,outit... .... 2964
Aunt '.,, Pi.........
nint . —
,17, ...... .......
Itl ES OF Fitlt EIGN 'eLINnS NUS DAY AT Oar. •rci9sch.
~ i..trian It:, ht. ...... _.. - I eei'llitAYl aai.ttli ...
eiwan Kei.i.....„...... ...... .. - Ditto Account ........... ...- -
0,40 ACV,,III.t• ... . - eqittigt.latieß.lfias . --
.4,4r,11., 71.50.! ..... .. SO' Ditto New 15,,0..,s ... Rti
•..itt .5.,,, "SIR .. -
i ~:,....; .yrva :114,41.t -
:Att, Aceonnt __.... Ditto Ac.--tliot .
'nil.a, 30ndi ..„.............. - eril:Aian 1;011•18..... -
)1.1. Aconint •...„... - Busetan Bon,la, IS2I ..,. -
mnlthlan Biontiv - tXtv; Account _
; duo Aeconni ............... - Ditto Metallic ..........
...: ,tienneu. Bonds, 1112, ... ...... - f Spanish lic:nris -
I). t, Aceinint .• . ••• -1 D.tto Account .....,......„,„, -
/ Li.h 3ontis ... . .. ...... , - Ditto 80r...13.1R4t -
./Ato Acco..at ... ... ...... .. - Ditto Account
irevit Bonds._ .......-........ - Freud), 5 per cant ... .... -I, -
./itto 13,,inds, 1•325 .
1 htto tecu.int . ......... -.....-—. 3 per con . ,
..„ ......
lexica:, 3,neets, 5 ;,..,r cent.... - —..... Exchange. ,,, _f.
....4
•irto Account ~... ..... ...,.. - Dutch, 2I per cent '4%4
•)itz.. 1: per cent ..... 2l D:tto Account ........ „,
Oat • Account .. - Dato, 4 per cent lO2 134 2
Nleapellt tit ....... ................. - Ditto Account -
I'ItICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ON7E O'CLOCK
Paid. Per ehare
Dublin and Kilkenny Railway Cornptny .......... 2% 0%
Great Western Railway Cempany.....— ........ .... 65 17 8
Brighton Itailwa", Coltlivt.,
moon and Illackwall Railway .... ~.. 5 4%
Bitumen, 13.istenne and Gaitjac ........
Kent Zoo:ogical and Botanical Gardens Company 1 2%4
Union Bank of Australia
. PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS DUBLIN, JULY 14.
per Cent. Conic& 93%,Gran t Canal 1/ens. ti per cent. 93
100)41 Ditto, 4 per Cent. .... ...... ... 644 3% p.n. Coy. Stock
Ditto Reduced
I Hibe, man Bank __Ditto New, ....
P. 130 ..... ........ lot b, 'City of Dublin Steam Company 112
35.. per Cent, Debentures
93 Nation.il Insurance Compan y...
Bank irock
19 •1; City Debentures, 4 per cent....
Noyal Canal frock ...
334 •allast (Vice Debentures,4 per
Grand Canal Stock — cent—
HALF-PAST 01NE
As usual the Account turns out to be a great Bear one, and the
extreme fluctuation- have been about 1 per cent.
Consols, 934 94 ex. die.; Money, 93: 94 ; Exchequer Bills, 74 77
higher ; 11Illiii Bonds, 77 79 ; Batik Stock, 206 ; India, 265 i.
In the Foreign Market scarce a bargain doing. Spanish Active,
021, with Coupons; Portuguese, 36 ; Mexican, 254 ; Brazilian, 80 ;
Dutch Two.and.a.Half, 541; Five per Cents., 102.
In the Share Market very little doing. Great Western, 13 prem. ;
Brighton, 11 discount.
Consols for Account, 934 94

THREE O'CLOCK.

EXTRAORDINARY ACCIDENT.—On Thursday,
ettwo and three o'clock in the afternoon, as a noddy belonging
tboZtr.mei
Robertson, with two persons on the driver's box, was proceeding
down Duke-street, the horse made a sudden attempt to turn into the
York-lane. In order to cheek this movement, the person
besidestibles
the driver seized the left rein and pulled the horse's head simartly
round, at the same time causing one of its legs to strike against the
wheel of the noddy. The animal being frightened, perhaps, with
great fury instantly darted down Duke-street, turned into Abercromby-
place, and overset the coach into the sunk area of the house of Dr.
'Taylor, No. lin that street. The consequence was, that the vehicle
was clashed entirely to pieces, the horse killed, and the driver's arm bro-
ken in two places, besides one of his alleles thrown out of joint. The
person who was on the dickey beside him was also severely hurt, but for-
tunately escaped without any broken bones. About forty feet of the
iron-railing and parapet stone were thrown down with the concussion.
The driver wa, taken to the Royal Infirmary, where, upon inquiry, we
learn that he is doing well.—Scotsman.
•
That beautiful phenomenon, the Zodiacal Light,
was seen at Durham a little after nine o'clock in the evening of the 3d
instant.—Durham Herald.
LATEST ABSENCE OF MIND CASE,---"'e have
been told that a lady dropped herself into thepost.oflice instead of the let-
ter, arid did not discover the mistake until the clerk asked her whether
she was single or not.—American Paper,
