prepared to continue the course it had hitherto pur,.
sued, and by reposing confidence in slave owning
!Legislatures to 'perpetuate the dreadful evils of the
existing system of slavery ? Before he put this,
question he wished, however, to ask another, which!
,ought to be pressed upon the Executive govern.'
merit before Parliament separated
,for some months.'
It related to the slave trade, the pest and sit'orn of
human nature, and the icktulai of the Christian
world,. In *he state was that trade now ? He
woutu venture to say that in Brazil, where there was
m population of 100,000 slaves, one quarter, of the
number had died within, two konths. In this.
kingdom, with. r". 00'4istion of 12 millions, we
Justly trlfalered at 73 executions, 23 or 24 of which
,vere for murder; but what-would the Helm, think
'of the number of executimps among the slaves of
Brazil ? He believed tltt the slave trade had been

Gnatly supOisSed both by Portugal and Brazil in
nuary last, and the treaty for the purpose was ca-
pable of being rendered effectual, inasmuch as it eve
a mutual right of search; but there we.s Gne country;
nearer homes and mutt pbwer£ol, where the slave'
trade flootithen, though condemned as a crime, and
the parties subjected to an infamous punishment.
He alluded to France : and the slave trade would
continue to flourieh tlYire until the same right of
mutual search had been conceded by her. He ear-
nestly hoped that in the interval of the recess Minis-
Jers would lose no opportunity of urging this point
strongly upon the French Government, as the only
effectual mode of putting an end to the MAC which
France expressed !tette Aiiiious to suppress. Hei
protested Wrote God that he taw no nation that

rthe utmost pitch, but in Jamaica it was looked
t' Upon as quite a matter or course. In Jamaica no
!proceedings were instituted against the party guilty
of such severity ; on the contrary, the notice taken
of it by this Goverment, Nras represented there as
1" stiCh an insult on the Wand as rriiist remain a last-,
iii.to thonUniek of the folly and incompetency of one
Memberu of the Colonial .oflice.'.' What was this'
abut a direct insult on the Government of the mother
;country ? Would the proprietor of any newspaper
1
in the colonies Ventk3A to put forth such language if
'e d d not feel that in doing so he was sanctioned by
the colonial authorities ? It could not ,be denied
:that the quarter whence religlptis instruction
lcould hest, proceed in 'Oramairit tlari now under
ilt ' pesecution of the local authorities. No
encouragement whatever was given to the mar-
riage of slaves. The number of marriages in
the last five years was not two per cent. How then
was it to be expected) with truth a state or thirpg,
4, thit, that an end 'Could be Ato negro slavery I'
'That a man should haie A claim to property in the
..
person of hie fellowZman was revolting to all laws,
'bath divine and human. He considered it a shame
rti hear Englishmen contrast the condition of 011
labourers with that of slaves in the. West Indies.

lAs to the question whether or not this country could
carry its regulations into effect without the assistance
of the Colonial Legislatures, he should not enter,
into it further than to say that, although he believed,
it could not be so easily done, yet he was sure that
it could be effected much better even in conrradiction
to the wishes of the Legislative Authorities, than
I,y giving them the liberty of framing those lawi,
the execution of `which *as afteiWards to be en-
trusted tO them, With regard to any objection on
the ground of interference, he would say that the
mount of the interference extended no further than

to induce the Colonial Legislatures to take active
measures, and to dissuade them from spending
seven years more in doing as little as they had dotte
in the last seven year's. There was one more point
to which he wished to allude. It was established
by specific regulations that the protectors of slaves
were to have no interest in slavery; but in practice
the assistant -protectors might be owners of slave•
whenever they pleased. He was-sorry to have oc-
loupied so much of the attention of the House, but
'it was a subject on which he felt himself called upon
to make these observations.
