SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS,

The 'Quarterly Review,' not at all dismayed to
the consequences which eo soon followed the deter-
mination of the Bourbons to actin acc-ordance with
the policy recommended by Captain ,Basil Hall, it
their July number, in the number which appeared
yesterday display the very same spirit, in What k
called a Political History. of France since the Re-
volution," evidently the prOduction of the semi
writer. The writer honestly avows that it would
have afforded hiM great satisfaction had Charles tlo
Tenth succeeded in establishing a despotism. " We
certainly wished (be says) that in the struggle,.
which we bad long foreseen, the immediate result'
might be the establishment of something like despo-
tic power in the Throne of France; and we did at.
because we considered a despotism, in the presew
condition of the world, as likely to turn out a lease'
evil hi that mighty country than the other alternme.
tive. The past had satiefled_us that if Charles X.
desired the iefluence of a Dictator, he was incapable
of using that influence for any unpatriotic purpose;
that no fretfulness of idle vanity, no fervour of sel-
fish ambition bad tormented his ' chair days;' and
that whatever extraordinary power he might obtain,
would be held conscientiously, as his only, for at,
extraordinary and temporary purpose—that of en-
deavouring to lay the foundations of a national
aristocracy." Charles the Tenth appears quite a
hero in the eyes of this worshipper of Aristocracy.
" Of the transactions of last July, however (he Ob•
agrees), we will say nothing, as they ,are too mein
and too much enveloped in mystery, which time
;done can unravel, to form the subject of meetly
contemplation. This alone seems certain, that the
injury inflicted epee France by the weakness and
indecision of Louis XVIII. was too great to be re-
paired by the firmness and resolution of Charles
X. ; that the one found coecessions unavailing,
the other found force insufficient." The principh
which rues through this " P;Jiticul History ot.
France since the Revolution" is, that the only legi-
timate object of u Goternment is to create and
preserve a powerful Aristocracy,
.and the various
Ministries since the Restoration are praised or
blamed in proportion as they pursued that object.
A church richly endowed, as subsidiary to the main-
tenance of a rich Aristocracy i-, of course, also em
object of the writer's admiration. The more im-
portant point—the happiness and prosperity of 30
mullions of Frenchmen, anti how far such lumpiness
and prosperity are reconcileable with a rich and
powerful Aristocracy and a richly endowed church—
, is not deemed deserving of his notice. He admits
that the country never was more prosperous than
during the period when things were advancing to si
crisis which justified the establishment of a de-
spotism :—" Beset as the exiled House was," he
says, " from the hour of its restoration, with jea-
lousies bitterly conflicting, and 'perpetually threat-
ening an explosion, it will not, be denied thou France
enjoyed tinder their rule fifteen years of greater pro-
sperity than hod ever before fuller, to her lot, Such
is the fact, even their enemies themselves being
judges;" never since the foundation of the monarchy
were personal liberty end property so safe. . . .
Excluding certain political evils from out
view, Mot fine country presented, on the whole, a
picture nj prosperity, which fixed the admiration of
&rope." But if France, since the foundation of
the Monarchy, never exhibited such a picture of
prosperity, does not this almost amount to a demot-
titration, that France was not indebted for that pro-
sperity to the Bourbons, but to the circumstance-9
wherein, during those fifteee pours, she differed
heist what she was durieg the rest of the Mo-
starchy ? During. the rest of the Monarchy
she had a richly .endowed church and a rich Ariss
tocraey ; and during the fifteen year, she hail
a comparatively poor Aristocracy and a poor church ;
and are we nut, therefore, lestrfied in inferring, it
Was precisely because she had a poor Aristocracy
and a poor Church she was so prosperous as to tits
, • Sleet the admiration of Europe, 110tWit114talltling
she had also foolish Monarchs, who created constant
jealousies and heartebitrnings.by their ineciesent cu
deavours to bring about the stoe of things froth
which the re-/elution bad , libranted her ? The
Bourbons could not that • prevent e posptatty whie
the institutions, growing out of the revolution, pro-
duced in spite of their endeavours. The country
prospered beetles() they were impotent, " They.
sew,".says the - Quarterly Reviewer, " that the fu-
lion (by troik, he memo all but. the Aristocracy),
which had never ceased to leltsur fur the ruin of
the Monarchy, were rapidly atteiniug the utmost
height of. rebellious audacity—and tioit the only
question wits, who should s•iike the first blow.
They saw that to go on with the Cherter of Leal
XVIII, as it stood, was inevitably to eltipwreck
the vessel of the State, and they thouebt, to give it
a chanee by cutting away the mays. The evolution
was not successful, and the Monarchy went down."
llt is questionable bow fur it may be prudent to ae-
custom people to remelt phrases as Moimreby going
down; for after the first; shock which such porten-
tons words are calculated to product:is over, men
naturally ask themselves what the words really
mean, and they find that the going dowse of a no .
touchy is not such a had thing.. They see, not-
withstanding the going down of the Monarchy,
thirty millions of people excitiog the ntleniretion
and respect of Europe by their gallant bearing end
their mrignenimity—they see them busied in im-
proving their laws and institutionie encouraging
ethicetirm, removing the obstacles in the way
Of industry-4mi theyy see a weak and priest-
ridden old man, WIIO could not enjoy in
quiet the weal h which this people heaped upon
him and his family; but would not persist in
thwarting those to whose industry he was so deeply
indebted, notwithstanding his crime, peaceably
conducted out of the country he had outraged, and
richly pensioned Truly there are worse things
in the world; at this rate, than the going domed' a
Monarchy. Brit then what 0 dreadful evil—the
absence.of a rich
,Aristocracy. " By time Charter—
the accursed Charter (he says)—alt laws previously
passed by any legislat i ye assembly, from the beginning
of the Revolution, and all decrees and ordonnunees
whatever, were to continue its force until repealed;
by which means all the revolutionary and republican
doctrines which bad been brought 'forward and en-
foreed during these times of turmoil were main-
Need, The most objectionable articles, however,
Were those which +Street( at the great influence, not
of the Nobility only, but of the Aristocracy. Under
one, the power of: a father to ditipose of his pros
petty was limited, not as with us, by entails, but
by being compelled to divide his property equally
among all his children, with this exception, that he
may give to any one child a portion double what
each of the other has. Thud an estate of fi,PQO/.
a-years...swine) is reckoned very huge in France—
would, if there are four -children, be reduced to
11,000/. in the second geeeration; and, if similar,
eircumitances occurred in the next, to, 8001. per
annum in the third. Marriages, of course, as fe-
males participate equally avitlismeles, tney some-
times restore the fallen fortunes of, is greet family,
bitt not "Adeptly to prevent the. evils which this
leaysinflictse Peers indeed, etc creation, ought by
lawAo entail a fortune on the title; but this provis
friers, was often dispensed with; and even were it
uniforesty enforced, the amount, after all, is but
I"4l4w—sonly 25,000 tomes a-year • (1,0001.) for a
Duke, ittv4 but 10,000! (004) aim for a Baron,—
The evils consequent upon lisle system of dispoeing of
property are many and evidente 'Among tios'lnisl-
dling tied lower climes thee uecessary result is,
ialhirti property must enistutitly be sold its order to
effect the division; told that, whether sold or not,
itie split into small portiens, enotigh as yet to give
'144040c-a to the itelividtmele who cultivate them,
het utterly incapable of allowing teethe Preprieters
either sufficient means of tilling to advantage, or
any prospect of eecumulatieg eapttel, flerice, in a
great meesore at least, the very intliffereto mete of
egrieultere in many pant of Vratiea the defieiency
of live and dead stock; tics skews, condition of
the forme, and the total wont of due todosnies and
adequate buildings. Among the higher viesses the

offeets have been still more injurious. There ape
peered, end necessarily must haee done so, an itfle
end, pauper aristocracy, nearly dependent on the fa-
vours of the Crown for support ; the' yonnger
branches possessing just enough to linger on in WO'
inactivity=--looking to no profession but the army
(from which even the existmgiews in a great mea-
sure exclude them); the heads of families, though
comparatively in better circumstances, unable to
lend, us in England, a helping hand to their, juniors;
condemned to see their property melting away be-
fore their eyes—in a word, throwing themselves
upon the King, to become, if successful, servile
courtiers ; or, failing in their expectations, disare
Pointed patriots." Nowihe writer had just told us,
that by the universal confession of all, France' on
account of its prosperity," was the admiration of. ell
Europe—that it never had, since the foundation of
'he Monarchy, enjoyed such prosperity as similes
rho last fifteen years. If France was making rapid
strides in prosperity generally, her agriculture
must have improved also. If her agriculture
is yet inferior to that of some other (menthes,
this is not the consequence of the law of suc-
cession, because, under the, law of succession,
the agriculture has been making rapid strides.
The law of succession destroys no capital,- nor
impairs its power, and it can have no effect
upon cultivation, which will always he regu-
lated by tl,e capital at the command of the cold.
eatorti The cultivators have more capital now,
and a better stock than when a different law of
succession prevailed. But the Aristocracy see their
property melting away before their eyes, and cannot
lend a helping hand to their juniors. Hew is this?
If an English Aristocrat have a faMily, in what re-
spect does he differ from a French Aristocrat with
a family? The estate must equally melt down if
the younger children be provided for. But then if
one son succeed to the whole, he can lend a helping
hand to his juniors. How ? By obtaining places
in Church and State for them—that is, by obtain-
ing for them the Nita of the people. Lending a
helping band roust, if it mean any thing, mean the
hestoseing his own property on them, or helping
them to the property of others. The one, however,
it; a pauper Aristocracy, and the other is a rich
Aristocracy—the one throw themselves on the King,
the other forces the King to throw himself on them.
And how is this ? The pauper Aristocracy are
pauper because the shore of public money they can
obtain is small—the rich Aristocracy are rich be-
cause the share of public money they obtain is great.
All men who obtain small sums of money by begging
are contemptible,' as for instance, French Perre and
English paupers; but rich insolent fellows, who
plunder on a liberal scale, are respectable. What
is wanted to make the French AriStocreey respect-
able is, that they should obtain so much from the
Treasury as to enable them to preserve their own
properties from melting down before their eyes. In
this same number of the Quarterly Review we have
tin article on the Decline of Science in England,
which furnishes tut admirable illustration of the
working of an aristocratical Government. " Of
all the kingdoms of Europe (says the Reviewer)
Pratte(' is undoubtedly the One in which the
scientific establishments here been regulated by
the most enlightened and liberal principles, and in
which science is moat successfully .ctiltiented." For
Scientific and Literary Establishments, 103,791/, is
annually voted by the Government. " Nor," says
the Reviewer, " in her generous care for the re-
eeectebility nod comfort of her scientific men, has
France overlooked the most powerful stimulus of
wok's and industry. All the Immure of the State
have been thrown open to her philosophers and lite-
rary characters. The sage and the hero deliberate
in the same Cabinet ; they are associated among the
Privy Councillors of the King ; they sit together in
her House of Peers, and in her Chamber of De-
puties; they bear the , same titles ; they are deco-
rated with the same orders, and the arm and the
mind of the naiun are thus indissolubly united for
its glOry, or for its defence." Let us turn to Aristo-
cratical, Oligarchical England. " While (says the
Reviewer) the mere permission of animal courage
(which, of course, a well-fed Aristocracy, in a tem-
perate country like this, can hardly fail to posses.),
one of the most common qualities of the species, has
been loaded with every, variety of honour, the pos.
aessor of the highest emoluments of the mind; he
whom the Almighty has chosen to, make known the
law end mysteries of his works; he who has devoted
his life, and sacrificed his health and the interests of
his fatally, ie tin most profound and ennobling pure
suite—is allowed to lire in poverty and ob.curity,
arid to mink into the grave without one mink of the
affection and, gratitude of his country. And why
dote. England persecute the votaries of her
science ? Why does she depress them. to the level
of her hewers of wood and her drawers of .water ?
It is because science rtters no courtier, mingles in
no political strife, and brings up no reserve to the
Minister, to swell his triumph or break his fell. She
is persecuted because she is virtuous ; dishonoured
becalms she is week." " Englad% liberality to,
Newton," he elsewhere observes, "is the only
striking instance which we have been able to record,
because it is the only one in which the honour of a
title was combined with an adequate pecuniary re-
ward," No, under an Aristocratical gnvernment,
high-born dunces require too much cramming to
leave anything for science. In our large navy Mi-
nisters could find no one to relieve poor Coding-
wood, who was obliged to remain at sets long after
his health was shuttered. Whoever reads his life,
will see what is motet by Parliamentary Influence,
High as our taxation is—extensive as our foreign
possessions are, and kept op at an enormous cost to
the country.—all is too little to citable us to have the
proud distinction of a rich and proud Aristocracy.
Our army it composed of the very dregs of society,
became, it is necessary that an impatseble gulph
should exist between the soldiery and the officers.
Our navy once allowed a certain range of promo-
tion to the sailors ; now the highest promotion is
that of boatswain, Greedy, greedy Aristocrucy I A
Whole nation must be degreded ter the sake of petn-
perieg you. Ever since the boretighemongering
aristocratical system of Government commenced,
whith was at the Revolution, Parliamentary Menu
has of course obtained everything disposable. It is
recorded of the celebrated Doctor Halley, that when
consulted by Queen Caroline, Who, was a lover of
goieitve, as to enlarging his salary as Aetroonmer.
Royal, ho earnestly dissuaded her ; fur were it in.
creased, he said, it would instantly be given to one
of the Aristocracy. Nothing escapes them where
money is to be had. It is gratifying, however, to
perceive, that even in works patronised by the Aria-
tocracy, honourab!e•• and virtuous sentiments will
sometimes find a place. lit no country have the at-
tempts to degrade and corruptto root out all
generous and noble sentiments, been so aystemetie
its in 'Ensiond; but still so difficult is it to Ore**
the espwetions in well-constituted min& after a
better state of things, that the euggeinions of pre-
deuce will .at times be disregarded. A man of
talents, who lends: himettlf to:unworthy purposes,
has his matnents of compunction. Whet 'a Country
England would: be, were a course free-to honourable
ambition mid endarian—und were not the trade of
a parasite the only one which can thrive here I
A/Mating Chronicle.
The Parisian common people!--thu cleverest, as
well as the most susceptible people in the world—
have seen- through the humane hoax attempted to
-be praittieed on their generosity to save the Ex-Mi.
nistersfrom their vengeence, and thus deprive them
of spectacle of a Ministerial execution.. I
King, the Court (if.we can speak of the Court of a
Citizen, King), the Cabinet, the Chambers, and the
upper classes of society, appear anxious to save the
culprits from the extreme rigour of the law, seeing
in their apprehension a source of embarrassment, in
their trial a case of difficulty, and in their certain
condemnation a subject of regret. - They therefore
took advantage of the proposition of M. tie Tracy
proposition made two years ago without sue-
cess—it, introduce a resonation to abolish the
pn-
nit,hrnritt of dotal lot political oiretie,et The
4tettente was opportunely 4ntroduce4:and dexterously]

pursued. Petitions were obtained from individuals
who had been wounded by the orders of PoEpee
in the glorious days of July, praying the Chamber
to free the _penal code from articles which would
affect the life of that guilty Minister; and General
Lafayette made two or three speeches for the same
purpose. Magistrates and military officers joined in
the recommendation; and at la►t the King himself,
on the address of the Chamber, has motioned, by
the zealous concurrence of his opinion, the decision
of the Chamber. Still neither the sanction of the
King, the petitions of the wounded, the speeches
of favourite orators, nor the unanimous' voice of the
Deputies, has satisfied the people that any th;ng
else was intended than a su►prise upon their feelings
of Mercy. They exclaim, why change the law at
this
.particular moment, when a trial in which we
are interested is about to commence ? if the law
was bad, why was it not changed before, or why
not wait to change it till a calmer moment for the
discussion arrives ? If these men after being con-
demned are thought objects of mercy, let the Royal
clemency be exercised for their pardon ; but do not
vote their pardon beforehand by a kind of juggle on
our feelings. To this reasoning there can scarcely
be any reply which would not impeach the dispo-
sition of the populace for blood, or the weakness of
the Government in exercising the prerogative of
pardon.---Timer.
The Provisional Government at Brussels shows a
good deal of activity, but seems to make little pro-
gress in its labours. The Prince of Orange and his
Belgic Council, at Antwerp, appear to be equally
inefficient in their endeavours to restore order. De
Potter's appeal to a National Congress, and his
Commission to frame a constitution, were most
happy expedients to maintain himself in power and
to paralyse all efforts at conciliation till the Con•
' great; should meet and the constitution be proclaiMed.
Meanwhile the Belgic members of the States-Ge-
' nerul end the upper classes of Belgic society appear
to remain inactive spectators of the distracted 'state
of their country. They have shown no disposition
to support the Provisional Government, and do riot
seem to possess courage to join the Prince. The
Dutch, on their part, if we may judge from pa-
pers and private letters, have become more at-
tached to their Government since its divorce
from Belgium. The King's proclamation to his
Dutch people, calling then) to arms, seems
to have produced its effect. The towns of Mi-
lani! are obeying the summons with enthusi-
asm, and the students of the universities, with
their professors at their " head, are organizing,+
themselves into volunteer, corps for, the support of
their Sovereign, and the defence of their country.
The standard of the House of Orange has never
been raised over more ardent champions. The
alleged ingratitude and causeless rebellion of their
Belgic brethren have increased the loyalty and fired
the patriotism of the northern provinces. Since the
formation of the united kingdom in 1815, if the Bel-
gians on one hand have complained that their inte-
rests were sacrificed to Holland, the Dutch, have
felt that the favours of their Sovereign have been
divided with their rivals. The King, in dismissing
Van Maarten, in compliance with the petitions and
remonstrances of the sow hern provinces, did an act
which was fur from being agreeable to the Hol-
landers, to whom that Minister was
rather an ob-
ject of affection than of terror. His Majesty, there-
fore, in order to preserve his popularity in Holland,
which he now seems to look upon us the only sup-
port of his crown, has restored the Minister of
Justice, whom he had dismissed _ but not dis-
graced. The only chance which the fa-
mily of Nassau now possesses of recovering
their hold over the southern provinces, dr-
pends upon the conciliatory disposition of the
Prince of Orange, and the returning good sense
of the I3elgie people. The success of a war to
compel obedience would be extremely doubtful.
Besides, if undertaken by the Prince with Dutch
troops, it would instently become a war of region
against nation, and not a contest between revolted
subjects and their legitimate sovereign. As soon as
negociation shall cease between the Prince and the
Delgiunsr-as soon as the sword is drawit, and Dutch
troops, as Dutch troops, invade the Belgic territoty,
or point their caution against the towns of Belgium,
—the claims of his Royal Highness are changed,— '1
he can no longer expect the willing obedience of
the people,—ho has forfeited the advantage of fir.
teen years of union,—he has reconverted himself
into a foreign enemy, and can wily reign by the
right of conquest over a people who, pointing to
the ruins which he has made, may exclaim,—

" Nemo sic vaarat sits
Qum corripi ikui, rime meti gladio jubes,
Aliens eredis." •
But, without foreign aid, such a result--lamentable
at best—would be impossible. Hence we are told
of the interference of the parties to the treaty of
London ; and one morning paper of yesterday
had actually introduced a whole army of Pros.
shins to attack I.3rtwiels by three different routes.
It was rather surprising that nobody bad ever
heard of this clandestine movement till the

Dews

reached London ; and it was hardly fair in his s-
oda,' Majesty thus to hoodwink his allies in tryin
to steal a march on Do Porter and Co. -All Etriop9
ought to have been apprised of the intended fitly
siun; arid the new levreA of France should have got
a little time to prepare their uniforms, and to go
through t:teir first exercises. But, jestirg apart, we
may s.tfely say, that no ground exists at present for
such an apprehension of war. The Prussian Go.,
vernment is fully aware of the disposition of France
to prevent interference on the part of other Powers,
as the caadition and consequence of a system of self.
denial which she imposes on herself. Nothing can be
more satisfactory or tranquillizing than the uniform
declarations of the Ministry, .of the Chambers, and
of the Preys of France, against any design or desire
of intervention on their part ; and we rely on the
good sense and avowed principles of other Govern-
ments to give France no pretext for departing from,
her prudent and sincere engagements.—Tiores.

"It is reported," says contemporary," that Sit
James Scarlett will be raised to the Benelf previ'
ously to the meeting of Parliament." We do tto
believe any, such thing. To say nothing of the of
popularity of such a step to an Adtninistration no
already overbounding in thcopposite commodity;
there is, in fact, no plieial oflice, vacant which. an
Attorney-General is la the habit of taking. But a
stronger proof that the Learned Gentleman himself
has no such expectation, arises from the fact, that
ho last week stood a contest for the Recordership of
Guildford, in which, to be sure, he was defeaed,
there being for the successful catididate, George
Chapple Norton, Esq., 10;, for Sir Jame* &illicit,
16. This, though nothing more than a struggle
between conflicting interests in a borough, will be
taken by some as ominous of the want of that com-
modity in certain quarters to which we have above
alluded. Why does the Duke of Wellington allow
his subalterns to carry on these little unsticeessftil
contests of their own, in which the credit of his
AdMinistration is compromised without, as in this
case, the slightest countervailing advantage ?
Morning Herald.

•
The state and condition of the civilized world is
now, a subject of anxiety to every well-wisher of the
happiness of .his species. The second Revolution
in Frence--the state of Belgium—the various corn-
nutnicetions we have received from Italy, Spain,
and Portvgal—all tend to prove that an important
crisis near, and one which ought not to he neg-
lected by the friends of the liberty of the people.—
French have established a principle which
must be admitted by all Governments—that the
sovereignty of the people is the only established and
legitimate foundation of power' end they have
proved that Kings are made for the people, and not
people for the Kings. What effect thi* will have
upon the world it is impossible to determine. But
we cannot shut our eyes to the fact, that it has done
more to accelerate the march of public opinion than
any event which hits occurred since the breaking out
of titelormer revolution. King*, Princes, and ab-
solute rulers, have been taught that, the people are

the " all in all" of modern governments; and if the
revolution had taught no other fact than the sove-
reignty of the people, it has done much to establish
the principle, that Government exists only as the
means of securing and establishing their happiness.
—Morning Advertiser.
The meeting of Parliament is now anticipated
with intense anxiety. All are looking forward to
the measures which will then be propounded, and
desirous to ascertain what steps will be adopted by
Ministers to meet the state and condition of the
people. Will the Military Premier himself take a
lesson from the Opposition, and turn-radical re-
former? Will he reduce taxation ? Will he abolish
useless places and pensions ? Will he reduce the
enormous salaries of public men, and begin with
himself? Will be, to satisfy the 'urgent claims of
Birmingham, Manchester, and other towns, give
them Representatives? If he does any or all of
these things, he will do something to ensure his
continuance in office, and to enhance the stability
of his administration. But he must do mote if he
wishes to add to his fame, and to obtain the just
esteem and support of an enlightened people. Abuses
lie thick around him; every department of the State
needs reformation, and every thing belonging to the
management and collection of our Revenue requires
inspection and pruning. But in addition to these sub-
jects of domestic policy there are many of paramount
impm (mice, which may be classed under the head of fo-
reign affairs. Ac far as the Continent of Europe is
concerned, we think the policy of our country is to
maintain a strict neutrality. Against all interference
with France or Belgium we most loudly protest.
The day is past when the practice and principles of
the Holy Alliance could safely be acted upon. We
think, however, Ministers will be justified and sup-
ported in a crusade against slavery, and the con-
tinuance of the East India Company's monopoly.
The former is so abhorrent to the feelings of a free-
born Englishman, that we wonder at its toleration
and continuance; and the latter trenches so much
upon his personal comforts, that we are surprised
at the apathy with which it has been endured. We
do, however, trust, that the next Session will not
pass over without measures being taken to abolish
both for ever. The people ought to know, and to
feel, their strength. Government is what they will
it to be : if they determine upon a thorough refor-
mation in Church and State--if they unceasingly
demand the execution of such measures as shall
tend to diminish their burdens, increase their trade,
and add to the sum of collective and individual hap-
piness—no Minister cart--no Minister will—dare to
withstand their petit ions.-21/Orning Advertiser.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

James Molds was charged by Mr. Freshfield, the
solicitor to the Bank, with having uttered a forged
East India Company's warrant for 6141., with in-
tent to defraud the Governor and Company of the
Bank of England.
Mr. Evans, a clerk in the But4k, stated that the
prisoner presented, on Friday last, between nine and
ten o'clock, a 'warrant for 6141. The document
purported to he signed by Mr. Mite)! and Mr.
Lloyd, and to be endorsed by Mr. Mortimer. Wit-
ness knew, upon examining the warrant, that it
was not genuine. The prisoner, upon finding that
the fraud was detected, declared that he should be
ruined if any noise were made about the transaction.

Mr. Mortimer stated that his signature was
forged upon the document, and that he believed
Aatell'a and Mr. Lloyd's signatures were also
forged. The forgery of Mr. Aatell's name was a
very close one. The prisoner was an extra clerk in
the East India House. -

LORD MAYOR—Prisoner, do you wish to say any
thing have nothing, to say.—Committed.

BOW-STREET.

An elderly respectable-looking man, named Jen-
kins, was brought in custody to this office on Mon-
day last, by Gardner the officer, and charged befOre
Mr. HALLS with being an accessory after the fact to
the robbery of the • Witham Bank. The party
charged as the principal is a young lad, who is son
'of the prisoner, and who has yet managed to elude
detection. The sum of money-with which he hint
absconded amounts, it is said, to upwards of 2,000/.
The prisoner, when brought before the Magis,
trate, underwent an examination in private, and
none of the evidence produced was allowed to tran-
spire. The result, however, was, that the prisoner
was admitted to bail, himself in 5001., and two
sureties in 250/. each. Notice of hull having been
served upon the 'solicitor 'for the prosecution, that
gentleman, who was accompanied by Mr. 'Wooler,
appeared before the Magistrate on Tuesday evening,
but some delay having occurred with respect to the
bail, Mr. Henson, the prisoner's silicitor consented
that his client should remain in custody Of an officer,
rather than be sent to prison, until the necessary
preliminaries shall be arranged. The prisoner it is
said, curries on the business of a stock-broker in the
city and his dealings hitherto are described to have.
b correct. lie is the father of twelve children
b idea the. young man who, has abs nded
e money.
MARLBOROUGH.STItEET.
lion. J. J. Perry, the eldest son of
Glentworth, and grandson of the Ear) of Limerick,:
a young gentleman apparently sauna eighteen years
of age, came to this office yesterday, and applied to'
Mr. ltoß, .the sitting magistrate, for a warrant to
apprehend a Captain Edward. Porter, who has been
repeatedly at this office under various circumstances,.
on the following charge.
• Mr. Perry stated, that he had accidentally beconie
acquainted with Captain Foster, and supposing him
to be a person of respectability, there arose some
,degree of intimacy between them. A few days ago
Ithe servant of Captain Foster called on him (Mr.
'Perry), with his master's compliments, anti requested
the use of his (Mr. Perry's) horse and stanhope
for that day,-as the Captain wished to go a short
distance into the suburbs of the town to visit a
friend. Never dreaMing that there was any risk in
complying with the request, and not being disposed
to refuse a gentleman with whom be was at all ac-
quitinted, he let Captain Foster Have the horse and
stanhope. In the course of the same evening Cap-
tain Foster waited upon him, and to hisgreat sur-
prise and regret told him that he (Captain Foster)
had met with a most serious accident with the stun-
hope, by the horse taking fright end that be (Cap-
tain Foster) had been thrown out, and the vehicle
itself smashed to pieces, but that fortunately the
,horse, which he returned safe, had met with ,no in-
jury. Not doubting for a moment, Mr. Petry .said,
that this statement was true, he expressed his sot-
'row- for the accident, and his happiness thit the
Captain had escaped unhurt, and Captain Foster
said that it was rather unfortunate that the thing
}boat have occurred, but he was determined that
Mr. Perry should sustain no loss, as:be would make
good the damage, or rather would proyide a iubsti,
trite vehicle, and at the mine time he requested hem
Mr. Perry a Written permission AO dispose of the
apposed broken vehicle, and ,to make, the most of
it, as he said he knew how to do so to the best ad-
Vantage. Mr. Perry accordingly gave the written
permission, but from that time since he had seen
ittlfiriougmfrry
atcheeidCwaitptialiiirvit:pagothlolpieponlesadritiejocidttnoclitstleitltinrlehigi.aet:oitteaarhssendeoe...,
hope, tho whole repreaentation was a fulsehood, and
octet, in fact, Captain Foster had 'sold the stanhope
almost immediately it-came into' his hands, to a Mr.
adrirnirajeci,ph.uhedate::ktsfi,o,
ettialigsnch:ototealfe:lhbry-ortaigi:atealklieniarissltii
and was
hwwt
el
a: eips
14‘)eroVntcytekistepti
temr.sd
grounds Mr. Perry submitted that he had been de-
fraud.

ItoE,_ lifter pitying every attention to the
statritient.of Mr. Perry, and examining several an-
thelities in, the law-hooks upon the subject of the
alleged offence, told Mr. Perry that he was sorry
1w Oak' not afford him any redress, or grant the
waOrant applied for ; because, in the first instance,
tine stanhope was not obtained out of the possession
of '4t,lr. Perry by any false pretence or fraudulent

means, but was. voluntarily lent to Captain Foster ;
and the subsequent authority to sell it, sanctioned
that sale. although the authority was obtained by' a
falsehood as to the accident; but that wan -nothing
more -than what, in law, is termed a " n inked lie,"
and does> not come under the character Of a fraud.
He (Mr. Roe) feared, therefore, the matter could
only be made a civil debt of, and not reachable, by
the criminal law, however bad the moral of the
transact

Mr. Perry seemed to think it strange that there
was no provision in the criminal law to punish a per-
son for ,such an act of dishonesty, and withdrew,
thanking the Magistrate for the trouble he took in
looking into the .Case, and apparently much at a loss
how to deal with his friend the Captain.
