or PARTIES•'IN Fit.ViSTE.

(From GotaismtriC 8 .4nti-Galthwie Atimitar.)
In order to forM a just • idea of the present
state of Fiance, it it necessary to take a 'view .of,
the pa-4y The history of eunntrY for these
five and.and twenty years presetits only a series of
Itevo4itiods—lAnd tvbitt is the reason ? 'The rea.
son is, that since the downfall of the throne every
thing has been illegitimate, and different factions;
under different names, have usneped the sovereign
power. Scarcely hacl one Ctoterrinient fallen
before they began to calculate when the other
which had *succeeded it • should .share the same
fate, because the leaders, appearing to act for
the nation, and, in its name, consulted only their •
own interest ; therefore; whether she, was ruled ,
by republi6in fortUt, or that she suffered under
vie yoke of a soldier turned 'Eriperor, France
has always bten oppressed : that is the reason,
why sbe herself always promoted he chenp,-es
Nv ich took place, in tlie hopes of better times,
and, above all,'bectiose she thought -she was ad-
vancing a step further to legitiinate authority-,
which alone could fix her wavering destinies.
" If Bnonapatte had been 'a. great man, he
wouhl .haVe maintained himself 'on tile Throne.—
Ile held the reins with a firM hand ; he had si-
lenced the fainiOns, and the men of libeial ideas,
those perpetual promoters of civil discord, were
become the servile instruments of his tyranny ;
in fact, he governed as a Despot, bat he labenired
tnors to aggrandi'ze himself than s`eCure his power,
aad the rock be split. against Was the'ini;irdinate.
abuse of that power. Irdiaiiled by suecess,' and
lavish in expending the blood, and treasures
of his subjects, his lawless ambition created
,stone but enemies in every quarter. The Peace
of Tilsit disordered his understanding ; he
thought himself master of the world ; and the
shameful victories which be gained at Bayonne
over the Royal Family of Spain, marked • the
epoch at nine's hi§'fall from the Empire com-
menced ; fur soon after that the disaster§ of MoS-
cow proclaimed liaonap'acte's speedy 0 vettliiow,
and then factions and catils, re-appafed, once
more having different views, and 'each asphing
to a Chief or Government of its own choice.—
Some preferred the Regency of Maria Loniia,
•others wanted a Republic, sonic
,'again wished
to place the Duke, of Orleans on the Throne,
others the legitimate King. In. this Struggle of
tactitins, the -Royalists were the stiongest,
cause they ,carried wiih them the• Voice of the
nation, tlictetore they were conorieeors on the
'_'lst of March, 1814, 'the memorable epoch of
.the entrance of. tic Allied 'Armies into Paris ;
and if en the smile day, instead of Ole Provisional
Goyeroment (which tisarped anthijrily) Louis
Xt'lllyliael been- proclaimed King; the Renege
Itevnlotion had been at an end, mid:Weed, the
hostile fitelions were dispersed and destroyed,
and: by the efforts. of one num (M. de Talley-

rand) all the authorities which had fallen with
linondparte- were revived, tied he -made them
tools,• in. order that he might give laWs to his
Master,. and paralyze the'efforts of tht Nation.---
From thence proceeded that monstrous oligarchy
which prepared the way f9r the tactiOn Mach re=
called litiototparte; no Royalists in place, there.
fore nO King ! snch was. the cry of the faCtion,
If M. de Talleyramd had 1H A Statesman, he
would have
,tad of put: tic a 9
• •

a •filmulation forthe -legitimate Monarchy, and he
would hare stniit herCd this iterot,ltioria'ry
Which only thrives amid trotaes and dissensions,
and which ito attithority, could (theft: •If it-bad
been really his wish to serve be wuniti
not hay.e raised 4 few shadows of A Senate buried
in this', and degraded in the e-4;Yes- Frauce and
alI Europe, in order that he himself might be pro
elainted Dictator, 71'he roan! which was pointed
Ott to lain by sottndpolicy,• and by the wish of
the nati9H %Vas Imilottrahle and easy, and expos-
ed to no itiffienities, tor, it tirittotinted them all.
But M. tie Talleyrand recalled to. mind all his
Revointionary misdeeds, added to which, ..the re-

c.ollection beritrg betrayed his GOD. and his
King, affected him more ‘vitli fear than remorse ;
:and 'when he saw.thic-Deseencinnt of Henry IV.
ready to ascend' the throne, he 'conceived the. bold
design ormakifigi hinvhecome a'party: leader; of
making use Of him as zs trait, iorder' to support
the Buonapartitts,:lOstead of giving,,ttrem the
ftual blow. tie suceueded ei•en beyondliis, hopes,
with the help, •it is' true, of grear Sovereign,
whom lie succeeded in bringing' over 'to :11is in-
terests,. mid LOtii4 ealli4 to govern all
became mere slave in the hands :Of
thoSe who, a short time before, were his nutat.de-
titled enemies.

" Meanwhile the Royalists, who were by far'
the onost numerous, were too conscious of their
strength not to endeaVour to tree themselves ,froM.
:the- yoke of the fuetious and the litttee,l tiler&
fore. aware that their power was drttwing to a
,cloSe, determined :to.. recall. I.3uonaparte, wito9C
.Kesence, they thought would shake 'the' fidetify
of the annt , who,appeired every day to become
more utiqcized ta" the .royal cause. There-
man among the, fit,..ctitan'wh;) po3sesscii siiffiticht
Terration or
.poittlartty, whom they Could raise
to..tlw throne, avlieu they could succeed in oter-
ittrutitg the le2it'iMate noriarch.
thus 'sacrificed by thOse' whom he had too much
favoured, had no. safety from the storin which
threatened him, but, in flight persnatied
tiott,the yoke which threatened to wtigh sci hehvy'
*upon-- the. French pe:Ople, would serve tti'bring
th.em back to lkis cause. It was then generally
.thunro,lit, that a. King who had `safered sd many
miofqrttuies world be alqe to dis-
cern ,Yho were.his real frioult; hnd what Were his
real Interests, and that if ever.he re-aSCLOidedlthe-
throne," he. WiJ latt shew Chute aern citiept 1 his

Choke, niotefirmuess in his conduct, and mood
wisdom in his adMinistrationeThe Public voice
accused those Who were his Ministers at the epoch
of.the 20th,of Marob-,if-not of triaehtiTand cur-
ruption,' at least of great weakness .and ineap.t•
city ; he therefore should have dismissed them.
It %VAS easy for him at -that .time to distingoish
the good front the bad, for Buonaparte had taken
tare to know.his friends, and the time was come
when honesty anti tried services ought to have
triumphed over intrigue and treachery. Vain
hope ! The English are Victorians at Waterloo),
Louis YVIiI. receives his crown a second
through their means. The Royalist are triutros
pbant on-the Bth of July, 1815, and the day aft
Talleyrand and Fouche become the arbiters of the
destiny of France. It is easy to imagine that
these two Men, who deserved the scaffold, the one
front his conduct (wale 31st of 'March 1-614, and
the other on. account of the 't erviees which he
rendered the Usurper from the, 20:b March. 1.8'15,
should have tried all the means in their power,
on the King'a retorts, to estalikh,auch a Daum-
But it is impossible for hunitin.nature
explain how it could come into the head of the
brother of Louis XIV. to have tivar . his person
one of the assassins of the martyred King. `it •
Wet3.evident that the only use that Fouche.and
'nileyrand would make of their power would be
to form a conspiracy, still more formidable .than
that of the preceding year against Royalty,- and
instead of avenging his subj-cts for the outrages
they had 'received, and the m:sfortunes-they had
entlated.daring„ his absence, -Louis punished
them for their fidelity, and sacrificed, without
reihorse, those most devoted to him. It is fur
History to explain the 'ceases of suchan.extra.
. ordinary circumstatta, anti it suffices for the pur-
pose we have in View to spew the effects.--
Therefore the French Revolution,- far from being
at an etre' on the second return of the Bourbons,
took etifirely a new turn. In tht. first nlice, the
Allied Armies occupied Paris ; in the second, the
French troops, excited by the factions, were in a
continual state of revolt, and this circumstance,
no doubt, prepared the way for Fonche to enter
into the Ministry. Perhaps some of the mistaken..
Royalists h, him in their interests, and
I,ey were more deceived by appearances, n they ,
saw in him the bold Chief •who could put hr.. mo-
lion both Partite. They thought hint 411104 e
powerful than he really was, and. the King,
reived by treacherous Counsellors, by ,false
re-
potts which they-made to him at St. Denis, of
the situation of Paris, and, above. all, by the
partizans of 2.lalteyrand, who had accompanied hint
to Ghent, ,gave his • content to. a transaction
which will for' ever be a'stain in the ilife Of that
Monarch. Louis, in inch ass .important
should 'have followed the suggestions of his own
mirol,,apd had he, but lasid ;me day longer at ,St.

Denis, lie would have seen the wh.olefoptilation
Of; Paris• come to conduct him back to his ca-
pital in' triumph. The perfidious Fouchei who
leared• • Otis- seale, • had caused the gates..to be
closed. in order to, treat with .his. Master,. and
it 'he hail been banged that day .with the infamous
Taller:nnut, who Gas in,league•with hint, it would
have-been a circtimstancelnitch more advantage•
ons to the Bourbons, and.to all France, than even
'the victory. of. WattFloo,icit tl6 of. so little
.benefit,to those who bail thanked their God in
such) energetic ternti for the result.
«,' lb oppressed, was stilt
deceived: by .fithe 'hopes that it man like Fonchc,
carriett,to such a, pinnacle of glory, WOUitl,ttv.and
blot out 'lt'll eritncs by serving the .Royal.edese,

with more zeal even he NO, win eta
ilekivouriug to prop,gatelii 4119-social auctrines,
Hut. no good could come from such a source; anti
it was too gross an error toiruagine•rthat he would

sacrifice kis old Mends and tbo4 of the Itujohi-

tion, to' the glory of berriug a Cotot where his
guilty and fearful eyes met none but act.risers.
It was equally impossible, front the same cause,
to form miy bopc Of Talleyratul, his colleague in
the NlinisCry,, 'fheretors: they tried all the meaus

in, their power to save the toasty their, pro-
lierty ; stwrottntied theittsalles with all their erea»
tures, enforcing- the tenets, ;sot of tnorality-or
;justice, but of a Charter, which .was in ihrir Minds

un instrumeni of titispoasna and posecution.
" In the mei) 1 tine it was necessary to proceed
to the re.eomposition of the-Chambers ; and the
new Ministi y left no means untried to have'thein
tilled with their partizans., They -went so fax as

•
to'pl.+Ce etch men:as LanjoinaiS as Profii4etit of
osn Electoral College, who bath been President of

The Chamber' :of Deputies, under Buonaparte; as
also•aAluissy d‘Aughts, aXlanguergues, &c. &c.
Already, the new list of Peers had appeared,
and this. very Lanjuinais was of the number. It
sakes to say that the Duum-virates had tried
ail means-in their-power to turn the scale in
fat'ouP Constitutionalivo or. anti,Royalists.
But their tilanwuvres did not; succeed so well at
the Blectoral Colleges there victory was de-
clared openly ..in favour of the Royalists. This
diotirection was like a tlu to the league
and its Ministers, and atter several conferences,
the latter detertnioetLto resign,.in order' to pre,
vent ra catastrophe which might be fatal to theta
and' to their party. is Talleyraud's maxim to
try and-shelter himself 'when the storm threatens,
in order• to be,the -better able to stand: upon the
I .wrecks. Thel people rejoiced at 'their full, end
they• only- thought of firganizing a Ministry,
which, under, more pOular names and forms,
would continue to., act. for their itnerests, and
those of, the league. In them-
selves praise-worthy in the eyes of the people,
always-easy to be deceived, they spread the,report
that they retired, in ,order, to avoid the shame of
iikoltig-the articles
.of Ped,CO3which woul, put
furt1,04,3
4:114,
tat
,y
ixosttli;rtetc'toit'tchi,egnpltoptovaclss.o----f ‘tVhes.

Allis flint taitr.L conditinas slimail he inirned
ispon the Ministers nt a Ile volts, ittortry lung v ; 84,1
this i 5 (,duo.. honpened. IVe shall not make any.
i 01).• ;14 IL? public ,voice tuts poilited out
thOse Mmi,ters who were no.t corropted by the
)1141,:i,e,dhitt %vim did not participme in the shame-
Tid:r.mtlest which ended in the roliossronsent nt
'both Cimrubers,. fr most tu! remembered that
Laio6, who presided its !ism. offlse:Delosties
been bribed: 4' Opstons, gustaiq. poulatunt mellis!"
The Ifirmtent Deese Was rn• he ac-
etv.rd of hutihe fkiivoured Lotyalette•s esenu., and
3.)erazeins.o&(,‘ hintsvit by extort ink an order from
the Note to dismis.9 all those toll° hod vatclted night
and faoltto guard his throne.

" It is casy•now trrtrare the differenee between
The -ROyaiists and the pretended Constitutional-
ists:. 'Hut latter nisi) to govern by a minority,
mid the tornirr by a Majority, Nevertheless,
the pretended' Co it tit Affected to sup.
a'prt the rights of theTeople, mid to titles those
)riftri)iles'ttloicli pit rise political twichitie ut Butt•-
'land i Ito •tlintinn. It ji nut by Ilieir.protesiionl,
lint by 1 be;e•aelictoß that one limit judge of those
inen. it 'is 'Nays the nt-ijority who
preliondlo.atei and it iit•lty Is :majority that the trill
of the'lla.ion is 411ardtestvd. In France it is pie.
eisely the enntrary. Lti England they' 'tare. the
liberty of (lit Pre;s ; rritiee the press is sub-
ject to initionerable restraints.; for thieves silent!
the light. In England the liberty of every intli-
.viStoil is sacral. in France, a matt i* aricsted on
flee most preteit, 'and the old system of
-lettretdc cachet •w:es .111tleb less Odious than the
-arbitnsry aces of, Iltion-iptirte's police, which is
'Nil: in hill force. 'The sante 'measures• and. the'
'battle men 'Tondo. -To Engla.id, the right, of pro-
perty is inviolable. In France, justiee,consists in
rant log unhook yto crime, and in justifying the
most intaniotes robtmtiec England, all men
ere equals in the tye of the France, the
'Tribunals tool Siolgts 'Appointed by the league are
twit t.ly tinikr its direetiint. Those :are the liberal
principles professed by Miniseers-,, whose only
support is a lettimis y ;-who,.as 1.11 1814,
only -attaches it selY• to the ClLiv'er; in order to
Otetttltn the, King soil the partizans of legitimate
" There exi..,ts in France, therefore, two for-
tuidalste namely, those who bare every
thing to hope for flitting the tern of justice and
of the lbws (those ere the Royalists), and those
-stilt). wish In prese'rve the influence .they had tin-
der Blionisparteysrlio trould overt) .arcorditig to
104 prineiplel; and who call themselves the Con-
" The,CUnstittitionalists here in their favour,
fii sr, hi.tholite; which they exeln ad-libitlint, ac-
tordlog (0 the Icing's pleasiiresand t4iest theTreit-
siiry, whidt would he at their cononsnd fipoli stn
etnergette.y ; likewise' placcs,, the best' at which
are.•neciipied by their own praple ; also their
namely," the emitted of State, the
Major pait -of- which is composed of men of in-
digo«, appointed by Follette and l'alleyrand.
Ira eitur des Comptes, Aft& nuist of the tribunals
filled by Pastpsier and Barbi ?.larhois. A great.
number of Peers were a.tottibetl at finditig-
IlieneselVes 'make pitrr of this Assembly, such
'us Lieiljuinai e, u .lloissy- d'Anglas, .a liertholet
(bo,,ntn Mend of :Mara), a Semonrille (the pas
utik-t. 6f the flake
,of Bajsano) , ri Foritattes,,&e.p.
&e. &e.— tie 'old members of revolutiottary
clubs aml committees'. trausforined since then into
federates.* Al! those.whotformed part of Ono-
naparte'i 'Chamber of Deputies *viol vt. his Peersi
the'rnajor part of the,heads at .the different minis-
tries, those Who', signed the acts additionel, and
'writers bribed by' ill parties..
It is necessary to comprise among the leaguers
certain men who took no fictive part under
haparte, and- who, nodes. the protection .of the
charter, watch for an opportuisity of filiewing
themselves—such as Darn, Clkampagny, Svchet,
Sehastiatti, &c. etc. &c.
it is plain that 1 do• not wish to conceal the
'ower of the Constitutional party, best if I have
'sheven of what materials it is composed, it ne-
cessarily follows, that it is the height ofitnposture
to offer such men to Europe, and particalarly to
England, as 'die champions of the rights of the
people, and the apoc les of liberty. It mina tleCeB-
- follow that the ltoyalist party is the most
numerous, the most respectable, and the must
worthy of the good wishes of civilized toy ions, since
-It is composed,. Ist, of all.the well-meaning people,
2dly, of•till the victims of the tyranny.of Emma-
parte,. (and that is all France,).-3diy, -of. those
'ho lament the crimes of the revolution,. (and
ligain, these cotnpose all France& 4thly,. of
those who sincerely love the' Kilg- and his
tiyunsty, • (and those are the only. ones who
sVerelsithf4 to hint during the interregnum ;)
/511dy, of those who sincerely wish to keep at
pace with their neighbours, (and certainly these
tire not the "Constitutionalists ;) 6thly, of those
who'sigh for liberty, and to escape from slavery.
'and who for that •reason are zealous for the
'liberty of the press, in order that.- all abuses
"may be, discovered ; 7t lily, of courageous writ...
erse• who bare constantly rind faithfully defended.
tire Royftl canoe, • owl ''who are now euntintially*,
por3reiited 'Blllly, at those who judge of. public
Melt their actions, and not by their words.,"
'and who' esteem the reign, of justice and rill:
p;o1; prefe,ratsle to ilalind attachment to it chatter;
90,1 y, and lastly,. of the great majority of the
l:haini)er of I.).ptitit.s, who also wi<li the charter
to he pot in force, ant eotisetlitently that it may
be the 'palladium of Ito: throne, ranch of tuitional
liberty, ,rust not an instrienertt of despotism and of
irevolt en the hands of factious leaders, , We shall
:just-say a word of the army: lit trP.qc!", which
is certainty not indifferent to,tlitt, Comest be-
tween those two formidable
,partfrS4 hitt the
league would endeavour in vatkt9 bring the
briny over to their ‘iiist*,t,i)Ok place,
ultich would ?like the Kin". still More
.01 the
trrney' m'S 'command, or 'in ease of a revolistion,
which tvoldsl overturn A tilini,time tlip dynalty of
the Bourhoti.* Ceriiiioly• it i-$.144,. ofeetssa.ry, to
be it prophet. to foretel that as wvarar4
retnluttott
can only take place 'throw-01411e Intrigyes. of the
Constitutional party,; and LegYnot conceive

It i 3 scarcely crefiible that a man of fvo4frp, of Pon-
taincf, (for exantple,) who was furnioly'llhontiparte's
tea, anti then the Kin;; s, thn) again liii'bliFinatiter's on his
rthanfrootElllo, and who in thwortlour of hir
tt tratraised a
tetiun cif laderavti) is actually tlia
