HOUSE OF COMMONS, FEBRUARY 23.

Mr. RIDLEY COLBORNE brought up the report of
the Committee upon the Oxford election petition, which
declared that William Hughes Hughes was duly elected,
and that the petition against his return was not frivolous
or vexatious.

Sir E. KNATCHBULL presented petitions from several
parishes in Kent, praying fot• the repeal of the malt duties.
Mr. B. CAR FEN presented a petition from Portsmouth,
praying for Parliamentary Reform.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented similar petitions from
several places in Northumberland ; and

Mr. SANDFORD, from place; in Wiltshire.
On the motion of Sir E. KNATCHBULL, the time
allowed for the presentation of petitions on private Bills
was extended to Monday next. The grounds for the
postponement were, that the House would not sit to-
morrow, and that on Friday there would be three ballots.
Mr. SANDFORD presented three petitions from Somer-
setshire, praying fur a commutation of tithes.
In answer to a question from Sir E. KNATcHntar.,

Lord ALTHORP stated, that it was his intention to
take off the coal duties on the Ist of March. By that time,
he understood all the stock in hand in London and the
neighbourhood would be exhausted ; and, touching the
cargoes of vessels in the port of London, if no part were
discharged Mole the Ist of Marcb, they should be free
from duty; but if any part were discharged the duty should
be levied.

In reply to a question from Mr. S. WORTLEY,
The NOBLE LORD also stated, that it was his intention
to bring in a Bill to regulate the duties taken on coals in
the port of London; and that, therefore, be would take
no present steps respecting them.

Mr. O'CONNELL said that the Act of Parliament of
Geo. 11. had given power to the Lord Mayor of Dublin to
regulate the landing of coals in the port of that city. That
power had sometimes been oppressively used. He wished
tl know if that was to be altered?
Lord ALTHORP said it was Lis intention to collect all
the local regulations, with a view to a consolidate them.

Sir M. W. RIDLEY asked whether it was the Noble
Lord's intention to take off the Richmond shilling?
Lord ALTHORP said he should be glad to repeal that
if he could, with the duty, but he could say nothing posi-
tively. The subject should be taken into consideration.

Air. TENNANT wished to know whether the benefits
of the measure were to be extended to the British Colonies ?

Lord ALTHORP was understood to say that the coals
would not go duty-free, but that it was possible there might
be a reduction of the duty.
Sir J. MACINTOSH presented petitions in favour of
Reform from Glasgow, Elgin, Fife, Forlar, and Melrose,
and anti-slavery petitions from several places.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY presented a petition from the
corporation of Newcastle, praying for an extension of the
elective franchise to the householders of that town. The
Hon. Member remarked on this petition, as affording a
most praiseworthy instance of the readiness of a corpgraOion,
to sacrifice their privileges for the public adv4Ftte,g;,,
Mr. HODSON most cordially support 4 the prayer of
the petition, which he said was mpg Islspeotable in its sig-
natures.
