EUMr.

It is somewhat extraordinary that a work so ge-
nerally read as HumE's.lfistDry . of ,England, should
pass through.- several Editioas for the last .t.,0 years,
With th o.:oission of the'ellaraeler of Pope Julius the
•writte.n• by the celebrated Author
:
,tier.; such is the fad olfldtb, :ts
the omission has
been Made, and only very lately discovered by a
Gentleman. of; Cork University. • The passage all
hided to,, may be found in. the former editions of
1-iutne's England, the reign of Henry VIII, about
the•yeqr l;e 10, and on the subje& of: the League of
Cambrar. • 'lt exhibits one ofthose sketches of cha-
racter fur which Hume 'is justly celebrated, and in
The •best manner. The stile is vigorous, the co-
-louring imprzssive,' and the , Whole piece indicates
-the, hand of a• master. his as follows :

" Alex-ander the Sixth was .dead ; a man of a
-singular character, and,. excepting his son, Cesar
.lioegia, almost the only, man we read of in history,
who ;.has joined great .capacity with the blackest
vices•and the most abandoned profligacy of manner.
Alter a short interv,ll,-Jnlius -the Second had • suc-
,ceeded to the Papal throne, 'who, thong)) endowed
with many•virtues, gave almost as much scandal to
the .world, as ,his detested preilecessor : his virtues
werleeitied.iisnitable 'nation of Sovereign
Potgiti,, the spiritual-Judge and cominon father of
Actup' tki. by an unextinguishable thirst
of •infit-kitililt, in ht schemes, undaunted in his
detatigable hi his pursuits; magnani-
mous,, imperious, doMineering ; :his vast Soul broke
through all thetttevs,..-which'old age and priestly
.character imposed- upon. it, and, during his Pontifi-
cate, "1,14 the world in perpetual agitation.",

- . .
- „
MfiTIIODIST3,-A young Inair, vvho, was
.in -tlie
: habit, of attending a. Methodist • Cliape), near
field, lately took poison and died.- This dreadful as
his been imputed 'to the •infittence produced by the
doetrines held !oral
,by the Methodists, and.. the ter-
.rors-denounced against those who do not 410 up to
1 ,them. -It is certain .hat the Methodists have agree;
ascentletacy,iii Vazious parts of this Island, and that ihpl
are proceeding to-IrßeNhse their strength with illartu
i lag rap diiy, -71.1its.prev!a" lence of, the mettaoditioal.
coininnnitiy;,consideritig the opelation Of their -dor-
Arines-on• the• unrefieaing mind, JA. a matter that
mands particular. attention, asit ma tend
tend to under..
I the
mine due
,authority.and inittenc ti Our
.ortho-.
• dux- EstahlisutthAt•

.7, 51,1

'FOR THE I,OIIMAT-1011 OF Iki LITIr~_ OLD

HONOUR. --,„ ~,,
. ~ .1
if It would be useless to proclaim tottlierSpAnlsli
'people the great -obligation they are under, to deliver
-thernselkes ',rein the slavery_ which threatens them,
end which. isalready suffered by their most amiable
'onarch, and the whole Royal Family, from the
most powerful, cunning, and perfidious of Tyrants,
Alitioug!! the Continental Powers' of. Europe, ail
Ftihdued and held in great suhje&ion, more by the
subiile, sordid, and immoral poliCy of the Tyraut
than by .the force .nf, his- arms, cannot aides diredly.
. by. rebeiling-„ or declaring war against the COUHTIOII
'eippres!eir,.yet they assist us indirectly and passively
by erieagnig a..great..part of his armies iii the . keep-
ing. in ebectrerreg s:,tne of theme and wait: ' p ceethe
l
offices. All. of them, even France leeri;sti,..tt.„,7f-iati,.
iiie.ir. attL;ntion,fixe...d . upon . Spain, leepibg Jroru tts
intrepid iiihabitants,:liberty and independence. As,
' soon as the Seenterds shall have shaken the snpe-
rierity of their_ oppressor, not one of them. will' laqT.
to take up arms ,lor his annihilation ; becauSe not
one of the-1r will tail to behold his, black intrigues
laid ,bare and frustrated, or to convince' himself that.
theeterritying. opinion hitherto entertained of his
_,
power has b4en more the eiled of the artifices by '
whieh he has heen able to seduce them, than of flee.
number, skill, end valour of his troops. But upon us ,
is iPiceised the duty, and to us is reserved the glory
of striking the first blow. To us, Spaniards, Provi-
dence has loft tbe-alternativeof tieing die first-people-.
of Europe; and the deliverers of all of thetneor of be-
ing toe mostrwretched.ofsleves. The genera: will
of air :has been long-pronounced in the most solemn
andexpressive manner. Almost altogether disarm-
ed, .Our best resources dispersed and disorganized,
tear marine destroyed, our. enemies masters of tire
capital and of the most impor-tant fortresses, the ne-
tiou impoverished, social virtue dispis-edeour man-
ners corrupted,. and vice -entbrenetoVe-bave fu.au
instant recovered tier eecient
.diguit,Pilifielizracteree
vaniqui•heig ebstacles witiCh could )7eiileitilpto.pae
triotic heroism. While wp believed thardur7pab-:
Tic disoraers .might, be -ephemeral, ..being
_.at:ci-
dental,. - and.. produced
,by, the . blind; confidence'
of our Sovereign -..in a perverse ,favourite, our
innate lbyalty obliged us,-to
:endure- them with
resignation and constancy ; but no sooner. did
we clearly perceive, that the Tyrant. of Yrance
sought to avail himself of those .disorders, iu'..or.-
der to enslave us as he had,: enslaved -.:our Sove-
reign—in order to entangle us in the same toils in
which he had already caught Italy; Holland,,Swit-
iterland, and. the greater. part' of German s, and in
order to convert our robust _and honondblntrns in-
to.vile instuments of, his anabitionjgd rapacity:.-
then it was that all our proeieces,
,cities, towns, and
villages,, es if ,oi.e.a su.e)den,they, had awoke from a
pretoundelethargy, recelleCted their nnprescriptible
rights, and recovered 41), theenergy necessary to de-.
fend and preserve them. In the short spaceof eight
days, every Spaniard, animated by an:enthusiasm as
ardent as patriotic,- resolved to perish, or take yenge-
ance of the .1') rant; and Pfeelelence instantly fa-
voured their just end veleureus determination. The
satellites of oppression,,
.who had till then arrogated
to themselvese_neepithet of invincible, were finally
conquered, .for the,orst time, pursued, bunted like
wild beasts, and obligedeo.take refuge tither in the
recesses- of ,t be
.Pyrenees, er. in...the. etrong,places
which had been serprised,by
.elie base art@ -of freud,
perfidy, .and treason.,,_ But, Spaniards, it is still to,
be seen whether these firet end btaye efforts of your,
valour are-to resemble the suddenli rites of an ex,.
piriogrtorcir, ee the,first.fiame et ky lei 'whose\fire,e
growing- every, instant more luireiee:a7Anii".iraive,.
does not cease; till. it haste) sub ranee to devour. The
first would take place. 4 re: you to prefer your zp-
pareirt and individual interests to the public welfare,
which is try substantial-elf
.yon sutler yourselves
to be misl by selfiehtiess; or. distracted Py,private
passions—if you eitvide. yourselves .into ladions or
.partiese,-and, -ill a word, if.you are not convinced,
drat it is abOve all things indispensably necessary that
you should make great sacrifices, in order to COM-
pleie your great enterprize, and one day enjoy the
glory -you ere toecap with it. .In this-enterprize
your: device should be, die or tongue) 20. you
will overcome ail obstacles if yottitlSM and 'boldly •
maintain this your- irrevocable railiittott e; foreeei-
ther does fortune.generally -forsake Those "who- meet
danger with unshaken firthness, nay can 6od‘deny
Ilk aid to those, who purpose to defend his cause with
sound and deliberate resolutiOn., Spaniards, do not
doubt it. Vavought to be henceforth :your. chief
element. YoUr. endeavours should. be - caieeled: to
the Maintaining of it with intrepidity and constancy;
and whatever is capable of weakcning.those ettluts,
you-shonld consider as the first link ei the chain of
your future slavery, and as:impediments-LG. the, deli..
very of our-adored _Verdinanel....„ .. e.e„„,__e_..
f` .lu, his name, and. aftetellie rrtaturest examina-
tion, the Supreme Central Junta havelesolved, that,
besides-the- increitstd;nurnbers :of troopsealready core-.

stituted, and even forgatii zed,
.and, Liiclt-are nor
marching. towards the Pyrenets,
and driv.e.away.,the. foe; 2So,QVo. warriors shall' be
enlisted,• organized," and instructesl to -arms,. agree-
ably to the rules. prescribed in the regulations-and
provisions which are .to be puhlished-. ter that pur-
pose. - • ••
`.` But at the flame time that his M.-jesty ttatterS
Ifonself that those :forceg,,addeci,,K44tiezkidb
furniskcl by the k‘Aglisk.: and, l'orgugnesri
able:to des.troillisroortal
fogioCes at the sate tines tlfe,griqtt Gnaw; n e, 'Mgt
eveu necessity there ,w4l,,be..that tA.3t,e hietrnii,dis;
and in .411 .the Provinces Ay hich• x.enrain. without ,gar-
risen or armed --force,-1-licre .should bb loyal
bodies,,-ioteyasted in pretrenting-416or:dmrzi';atitt c a-
p+fiieofarresting n ditti,deser ters, Ati a g il-(l4vied
persontr, .who may purpose to.satiatellieir
or rapacity by .distto bizig the,: public t
tionotir, union, fraternity, forgettnluess ofilijury, a
-di;regarriof what is, or ,w hat we-may fancy due:to us,
internal itid mutual peace arid c'oncord ,among• •the
citizens, and, in a word, all tbewsittue,s,which con-,
btitute true patriotism, thebe are Ache .planks. which
alone can save. us from the, tlivatiening sylpwreck.—
The gr,gestions 7ath.l discourses .which :Might stifle
and warceciool. tlseee virtues, would be so many hem-
lock caps fraught -with death, so 11/311y hidden snares

placed by Indica t;t. invii;ciente, on our.patri; on the
brink of the precipice.._.

" To preserve Alen those virtues, and maintain
tranquillity in ail rlie-tolVt4, and -espeeiaili' in the
larger; to impose awe upon robbers,landrapprehend
dezerters,!and,to prevent,. by prompt and inevitable
punishment, the Multiplication of• criirleS, his Ma-
jesty has resolved,-that m- all the towns of the king-
dom which are out of the theatre of war;,there shall
be raised bodies of Militia.of Honour (Militias
lron-
rodas), according to the rules and regulations con-
wined in khelollowing article *

[Here follow 28 articles, inoit-of-thern matters of
detail and formal ptavisions; susciptible of .abridge.
, • ... -
" Royal Pa/ace of ,gran juez, Nov. 22, 1 808."'

GERONA, Nov. 13.--The Commandant General
of the Advanced Guard, Don Mariano Alvarez, in a.
dispatch to the illustrious Junta.of this places-, dated
the J ith,lays, that the reports respeaing the tor-
tress of Rosas, which the-enemy have proceeded to
attack, are'' unfOunded. ' Previous to the latter hav-
ing put.themselves in motion -for that purpose, the
officer just mentioned had detached 700 men of the.
3d of Igualda for Estala, and they embarked there
on. the 10th, to reinforce the garrison of Rosas.—
From the vigilance of the General, and his medi-
bled dispositions, we may promise ourselves a ter-
tunate result. In the mean time, taking into con-
sideration The just anxiety of the public to learn some
circumstances of what has been.l)assing at Rosas up.
lo the aboVe date, we shall insert 'the
,dispatches
alluded to, which contain a brief statement of .tlfe:
most tehiarkable occetrences, promising to give the
details on a future. nc"asinn

Thesliipatch of the 7th says, " The enemy made
a trimidenent at .tWO in the afternoon of the tith;ap-
pearingin the environs of Ifosas, and extending their
line from the-skirts of the heights nearly .to the sea
sliore. The division of Don Juan Claros, posted
at Pelau-Sabandera, was attacked, and after sustain-
ing a pretty brisk fire Of Musketry, the enemy. at-
tempted to cut th...tn offi but having perceived their
Movement. with drat: view, and considering his in-
feriority of numbers, be-was compelled to tall back
upon the fortress, 'whith effe6ted with .some diffi-
culty in lie morning. The- force of the enemy that
has hitherto appeared,. consists of
.about 3000 infan-
try, and a few cavalry. They are encamped at Palau
- Sab2mdera." •
- • I

..the ath.4-‘‘ Yesterday Morning, at day-break;
tfiii Lieut.-Colonel D. Juan Clams-Went out with his
division, alid a corps' of Somatenes, to attack the
enemy, who had taken: up a position wiihin gun-
shot of the fortrev, They began the firing, Wllicit,
was pretty brisk on both sides. Towards noon thP
enemy began to lose, and our 'people to gain ground.-
But.acquiring a superiority of numbers from rein-
forcements,, and availing themselves of a-fog, they
advanced again-, and penetrated by the skirts of the
mountain as far as the extremity of the town, where
they were prevented by the peasants from pillaging;
and were finally repulsed. The fortress, by a brisk
and steady tire, protthed those defenders of the
country, to the loss of the enemy, who were at the
same time annoyed by a well-direaed fire from the
English Ships.
‘.‘ The Miquelets and Sonaatenes have had three
killedand 13 wounded ; and a female belonging to
this city, with three others, have been carried off.—
The loss of the enemy must be considerable, both
from .our musketry, and the brisk and well-diretied
fire of the artillery and the En,lish Ships.

" An affair which Claros had with the enemy has
just finished—(One o'clock). The English Com-
modore proceeded to his assistance with 80 men,
and tilc action was renewed with increased ardour.
The 'enemy gave 'way ; but a heavy tall of rain,
which still continues, separated tile combatants. It
Wak, hoWever, necelsary for our people to fall back,•
as..the enemy's cavalry Were preparing to Surround
them. 'The tottress and Shipping continued their
fire'with the same briskness as yesterday. •
-" According to the accounts which have hitherto
reached roe, we have had• 29 woLinded, two of them
Officers Of the 'lst battalion of Figueras and
English, Miquelets and SomateneS. My horse
also, which the English Commodore 'rode, received
a ball.

- " 1n the night of ,the 6th, the* enemy burnt part
of the town.of• Palau,' where they have committed
atrocitie

" The'gth.---" It is now 'four o'clock in the af-
ternoon,. and the enemy are burning all the houses
in the vicinity, with what vie w- remains to be seen.
shall take the -earliest opportunity to send you the
detailed journal of the trawaaions in this fortress."

CAbrz,' Nov. 22..4n 'English Sloop of War
'airiyed:here with 500,000 dollars. She.escorted a
considerable convoy, which have on bcald'so,ooo
suits -of.clothes for, ,our army, with muskets and
t 011 .

• the,astli arrived here a Merchant Vessel and -1
a GAiiot.of War,. both of them.trona Veri:Cinz and
the •Gallipt• hits
.be4ll atilt with dis-
patch es and. doridion's Irk- a the. mount of 1,00,0'00.
dollars. lie +as.' also on board.2o,oUo dollars; tb
'defray cliarges and repairs', • with the intention of her
iruinecNtely -rettirrring with sash dispatches and
commands_.'as! the Supreme_Central Junta shall
.he
pleased to send to America:. By these two Vessels
we .have received the most flattering accounts from
the H,avannah, Vera Cruz, i.l.t.t'&lCo, and alj the oilier
proviticei .of •.that kingdom.: In all parts the
"..bitants are aiiirnated.witli the same' enthusiasm and
fo,yalty,, and offer. &nations in -prQof_Of their.attach
rnent to Ferdinand, attd.the:ir liatced to Napbietn.)._ •
All are' its-cal:tired: ok, depose and to sacritiee every.
,dividoil Of. Viliate‘"Te'rank, who shall deviate i the
-dbgrcle' -the, -diseharge.of his. saercd
' •
.
• At ,the ilaVantialt, a Man of was making
ready; to sail With produce .:304 speCi.9`stAl?qcqed as
free 'The St. J•iisto.:Ciati,:ofWar,. svfkic6 left
this. (44 the Atli Attgust,:arri'ved there On the 28!h
Septet-titter,: and. the agreeaGle she
broOlit were received %Oil'. the, gr4.4l.4stJoy.
r sailed on the 30th for Vera Cruz.. • • '
AIARTO4E'LL,c .NOV.: 17:—..—T4C 440 C(01114190 Df
the. inhabitants of )4arQelotaa-, may ,be iufeTreci.-AQ0:1
the three:hi:lowing 1?VOC100691)S,!-.7 ;',
", I-lis.Etyetlency the; ecerriLot.f~.irisian:Lecbi,
Mi tary Com tr.aoB nL. 4.1 f. t.ltis city,. , .04 t
all the inhabitants .keep.. thet,doors.,)c t*.i4
