BANKRUPTS.

JOHN HAMILTON REYNOLDS, money-scrivener, Great
Marlborough-street, Oxford-street, to surrender May 31, at one,
and July 3, at twelve, at the Court of Bankruptcy. Belcher, of-
dal ; Wadeson, Austin-friars.
JOHN FAIRMANER, livery-stable-keeper,. Princes-street,
Drury-lane, May 30, at one, and July 3, at eleven, at the Court of
Bankruptcy. Johnson, Basinghall-street, official assignee ; Jervis,
Queen-street, Cheapside.
JOHN MASON, wine-merchant, Boston, Lincolnshire, June
9, and July 3, at eleven, at the White Hart Inn, Boston. Bowles
and Son, Boston; Hall, Bishop, and Mourilyan, Verularn-build-
ings, Gray's Inn, London.
GEORGE LANSLY, blacksmith, Ludgershall, Wilts, June 11,
at ten, and July 3, at nine, at the Black Horse Inn, Salisbury. Lamb.
Andover; Austen and Co., Raymond-buildings, Gray's Inn,
London.
ELIAS DUNSTERVILLE PUDDICOMBE, surgeon, Silver-
ton- Devon, June 6, and July 3, at twelve, at the Half Moon
Inn, Exeter. - James atio n London ; Ter-
rell, Cathedral-yard, Exeter.
JOHN EDWARD DOWELL, straw plait dealer, Fore-street,
Cripplegate, City, June 2, at twelve, and July 3, at eleven, at the
Court of Bankruptcy. Edwards, Frederick's-place, Old Jewry,
official assignee • Rains, Bucklcrsbury.
JOHN SCHOLES, calico-printer, Manchester, June 11, anti
July 3, at one, at the Commissioner's Rooms, Manchester. Sale,
Fountain-street, Manchester; Baxter, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London.

IMPERIAL PA.RLEAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, lihr 22.

The Earl of SHAFTESBURY took his seat on the Woolsack at Five
o'Clock.
The Bishop of HEREFORD and the Bishop of RIPPON presented nu-
merous petitions, praying for the abolition of slavery.
Petitions of a similar nature were presented from Cheltenham, Glou-
.ester, and other places, by Lord Segrave ; by the Marquis of Sligo, to
!he number of between 200 and 300 ; by the Earl of Carli;le from Mor-
peth and several other places.
Lord LORTON presented a petition from Innis-Macsaint, in the
county of Fermanagh, against the present system of National Education

in Ireland.
' Lord ROLLE presented a petition from a place in Devonshire pray.
ing for the immediate abolition of the system of Negro Apprenticeship.
lie would take that opportunity of expressing his hope that
her Majesty's Government would see the propriety of granting
the prayer of the petitioners. He had been left a large number
of slaves by his father. He could not reconcile it to his conscience to
be the possessor of slaves, and upon his accession to the property, he had
given them full liberty, and he had the pleasing satisfaction of saying
that they were now very industrious ; they supported themselves, and
were contented and happy.—(Hear.)
The Earl of CARLISLE presented several petitions against any fur-
ther endowment to the Scottish Church.
The Bishop of LONDON presented a petition from Maldon, in Essex,
praying for protection to the Established Church, and the expulsion of
Roman Catholics from the Legislature
The Marquis of BU rE presented several petitions from Edinburv,h,
Leith, Lochwinnoch, Rothsay, and other places, in favour of the Edin.
presented a petition from the
burgh and Glasgow Railway Bill.
uard Harbour Bill.
The Marquis of SLIGO then presented a petition from 8,000 inhabi-
stahniTnt shipowners s
weo fniliiraser
oqCity
ss
Sunderland,
fdeDr LONDONDERRYTivabiniIdi,I
nßtoßfat
IhvToeulssraHm tiphEree effect.GFeiisoh
gs

The Noble MARQUIS then presented a petition from the offl..
zers and privates of the British Auxiliary Legion, detailing the
distress and hardships they were suffering from the nonpay-
ment of their claims by the Spanish Government, and praying the
House to take their case into consideration, and adopt such measures
3s would enforce the payment of the same. The petition was signed
by Colonel Churchhill, Colond Rich, Colonel Shawe, and several other
Staff Officers, about 200 other Officers, and 400 Non-commissioned
Officers and Privates. It was a singular fatality by which the
petition was entrusted to him (the Marquis of Londonderry), who several
years ago had pointed out the inevitable consequences that would result'
from the steps the Government were taking. He hoped some satisfactory
answer would be given by the Noble Viscount to the prayer of the peti-
tion. It was unnecessary to enter into any details upon the subject,
as the proceedings of the meeting from which the petition had ema-
nated must be familiar to all their Lordships. The Noble Marquis here
read some extracts from the speech of Colonel Churchill, who presided
at the meeting, and he would add that it appeared the meeting had ter.
urinated by giving three long and apparently hearty groans for General
,ir ni
De Lacy Evans.—(A laugh.) He felt strongly upon the subject as a
British soldier, and he could not let the question rest until her Majesty's
Government took some steps to redress these grievances. The claims of
these men amounted to little short of 300,000/,, which, if it was obtained,
would diffuse comfort and competence among these gentlemen. He
would beg to remind the Noble Earl opposite (Earl Minto) of his predic-
tion that before another Session he would have General Evans and these
troops marching to Madrid.
Earl MINTO—My Lords, I hope it is unnecessary for me to say
*ha,t I never stated anything so extravagant.—( Much laughter.)
The Marquis of LONDONDERRY would beg to refer the Noble
Earl, and the Noble Lord the President of the Duchy of Lancaster, to
the statements he had made in the debate upon the subject. He.poped
the Government would see the necessity of doing justice to theisrmen,
and of insisting upon the fulfilment of the treaty by which these men
had been seduced to join the Legion,
on the part of the Spanish Govern_
nient. As he found that the day he had fixed for a motion upon this
object was a holiday, he would beg to withdraw it, and would give the
notice for another day.
The Earl of MINTO would not enter into the general merits of the
•iiuestion, but would merely advert to the extraordinary statement of the
Noblr

to Marquis, that he had stated that General Evans and his troops
would before a year be marching upon :Madrid. Now he had no
ecollection of having made so extraordinary a statement. What the
Mirror of Parliament might have stated was nothing to him—it was
no authority in that House, and the only occasion on which he had re-
ferred to it he found stated what perhaps was very true, " the Noble
Lord spoke so indistinctly that it was impossible to collect the purport of
}is observations."
After a few words in explanation from the Marquis of LOND
DERRY,
Viscount MELBOURNE felt it necessary, lest his silence should
b.
misconstrued, to say that he adhered to the statement he had previs,asly
made upon that subject, namely, that the officers of the Le,3ion has
a claim, not upon them, but upon the Spailisi Got crnment, and tha:
they had a claim to the good offices of her M tjesty's Govern :,nt, which
they certainly should at all times command.'
