THE SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1840.

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURN A.LS.

rpEOIA THE DAILY PAPERS OF YESTEIWAY.)
( From the Globe.)

The announcement of Mr. Thomson's elevation to
the peerage will appear to the public as a natural sequel
to the ratification on the part of the Imperial Parliament
of those great measures for the pacification of Canada,
with which his name was so honourably associated. Cer-
tainly no title in modern times has been more faitly
earned than that of the new Baron Sydenham. With-
out implying the slightest disrespect towards Lord Sea,
ton, or any of the other gallant and distinguished officers
who have gained their honours at the sword's point,
we must be allowed to say that in this instance we think
with Cicero, " Cedant arna toga," and consider the
rare union of high civil qualities, by which alone the
Governor-General of Canada could have succeeded in
the arduous task allotted to him, as constituting a juster
title todistinction than mete military merit,however great.
We do not know a prouder page in history than that
which England will have to record of a revolt appeased
with so little bloodshed, so few executions, and such a
short suspension of the ordinary course of law and
civil privileges of the insurgent province. Never, per-
haps, did the manly straightforward generosity of the
English character appear to more advantage than in the
spectacle afforded by Upper Canada of a community
torn in pieces by the fiercest dissensions, and recently ar-
rayed in arms against the Government and against each
other, throwing aside their animosities, forgetting their
old party distinctions, burying the past in oblivion, and
uniting cordially in the patriotic task of laying the se-
cure foundations of future peace and prosperity.
(From the Standard.)

The Ministerial Journals appear to be highly de-
lighted at the termination, for a time, of the tries and
perplexities of their employers. They are perfectly
rampant in their exultation that Lord Melbourne
should have falsified the anticipations of his friends and
the predictions of opponents, so completely, as
to be able to hold office a few months longer. But to
what does he owe this security ? Manifestly to the
forbearance of his antagonists ; who, satisfied with le-
gislating through his medium, and having but little
inclination to succeed to the perplexities by which he
has contrived to surround every great interest in the
country, are cantent to " bide their time." On what
single Act of the Session, we ask, do Ministers profess
to rest their claim to an ovation over their oppo-
nents ? Is it on the temporary withdhwal of Lord
Stanley's Irish Registration Bill—obstructed, not de-
feated, by a series of tricks that would not discredit a
compsny of thim!ple-riggers at a fair ? Or that the

Irish slaves of Mr. O'Connell are still suborned to the
commission of every species of fraud and perjury, in
order th :t the Parliamentary helots of the great men-
dicant may continue to " strain their brazen throats"
in the House of Commons another year ? Is it to the
miserable exh'bition they made on the opening of Parlia-
ment in their tyrannical attempt to vindicate what they
are pleased to call the privileges of the House of Com-
mons, that they turn for an excuse for the Io pee ins of
their journalists ? Can it be a source of honest tri-
umph to them, that after attempting to set themselves
above the law, and suffering defeat in the contest,
they should have been compelled virtually to acknow-
ledge themselves in error, and to sneak out of the di-
lemma by the only possible mean; that was left them ?
Or do they rely on the scandalous job by which Mr.
Spring Rice, after having been allowed his full swing
to the tune of 500,000/. in the Shannon Navigation
job, was permitted to pay his attorney some 10,0001.
out of the public purse for assisting him in its con-
summation, and take 2,000/. per annum out of the pub-
lic purse, as the retiring pension of a situation he ought
never to have held ?

(From the Courier.)

The supercilious affectation of contempt with which
the Foreign Secretary studiously treats and speaks of
the vast preparations for a state of open war now going
on in France, and openly announced beforehand in
the Monileur, with the mock heroic tone in accordance
assumed by the journals that wait upon his nod, will
not have escaped attention, although the stilted pre-
tence could impose on none but the sorry tribe of
Ministerial hangers on. A distinguished and very
clever lady in a certain metropolis over the
water, who seems to have taken her cue from
the Foreign Office, when she lately declared in the
midst of a brilliant circle in her splendid salons, that
" England treated with contempt the warlike demon
strations of France," will, therefore, be rather sur-
prised, if not chagrined, to learn that, on this occa-
bion at least, she will not prove a prophetess abroad,
any more than Lord Palmerston a truth-teller at
home. For after soaring his hour of bombast-inflated
scornfulness aloft, the silly pride of his Lordship,
like enother Humpty Dumpty, has " had a great
fall." Now that he is released from the curious

survey of Joseph Hume and the controlling observ-
ance of Parliament, he has descended in fact from his
stilts, and with something like alarm begins to think the
French are in earnest. Sundry smart despatches are,
it seems, now inditing here for remittance to Lord
Granville in Paris, the purport of which is, first, to
instruct him in the terms of an inquiry to be made of
the French Government, as to the fact of the prepara-
tions in progress ; secondly, as to their meaning and
object ; lastly, the presentation of various formal and
good-natured remonstrances and threats against their
continuance. What effect
.these gentle expostulations
may have upon M. Thiers we shall learn in season
meet, but it may be surmised, that whilst his protesta-
tions of peaceful dispositions may be as softly soothing
as ever, he will not the less accelerate the equipment of
squadrons and the reinforcement of armies.

SCANDALOUS OUTRAGE.—On Sunday even-
ing, about nine o'clock, three young men, who had been
down the river in a strong funny, their own property, were
returning towards London, two of them rowing and the
third steering, when on arriving off the Tower they saw a
steam vessel, containing passengers, approaching them
at full speed. The party in the boat thought the steamer
would go clear of them, as there was nothing to prevent
her doing so, and continued on their course, but seeing
the steamer afterwards approaching directly towards them
they hailed her, but not the least notice was taken of
them. The young men tried to pull out of her way,
but in vain, and called out " For God's sake stop, or you
will be over us." The words were scarcely uttered when
the steamer struck the boat and capsized her, and without
easing or stopping went on at a tremendous speed, leaving
the three men struggling in the water, and disregarding
their piteous cries for help. Assistance was rendered by
the watermen on the river, and they succeeded in saving.
the young men. They could not tell the name of the
vessel, but they believed it was either a Greenwich or
Woolwich steamer.

INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT.-A CHRIS-
TIAN CLERGYMAN AND A PAROCHIAL DEFAULTER.—A
very old man, named Giblett, a small farmer, who bad
been appointed an overseer of Northolt, near Harrow
against his will, was on Tuesday last brought before Mr.
Commissioner Law, from Newgat,..., where he had been
two months, for a defalcation in his accounts. The old
man, in answer to questions, admitted that out of 460/.
that he had collected, there was a balance against him of
561 ss. 34d. He stated that the office of overseer had
occasioned his insolvency. lie was appointed against his
wish, and had to neglect his business to discharge the du-
ties. He had had 16 children ; and his wife, last April,
died in childbirth, with he, 16th child. He had eight
children living, and seven of them were now in the work-
house. A vestry meeting was held, where he attended,
and asked for time, telling then he could get some money
by his cows and crops. The Rev. Mr. Murray, the cler-
gyman of the parish, was very kind, and wanted to have
time afforded; but a Mr. Beck, the Poor-law Guardian,
opposed him. Mr. Commissioner Law adjudged Gib-
lett to an imprisonment of six months from the date of
his petition. He was accordingly remanded to Nowgatc.

FISHING ON LAND AND FISHING IN THE
WATER.— Lately a worthy citizen of Paris bethought
himself that under such a sun there must be a good supply
of gudgeons in the Seine, and, having determined to make
a Saint Monday, ho walked down to the bank of the Seine,
armed in all the panoply which is recommended by our
ancient friend !nee Walton. Placed below one of the
quays, the water being low, he divested birnself of his
upper garments, and wits only his shirt on his back,
marched knee deep into the river. For some time he had
carefully watched the bundle in which his clothes were de-
posited on the sea board, when at last, unfortunately far
him as a man, though to his gratification as a fisherman,
he had a " glorious nibble," as poor Mathews had it,
when, after having relied a gudgeon of about two inches
in length, he bethought him of his clothes, and saw them
walking up the wall just as his fresh.caught gudgeon had
walked out of the water. Some land fisherman had
hooked them. As he was, he could not pursue them, and
therefore was obliged to call for assis.tance, which he got
at last, but too late to save his clothes. He was obliged
to send to a friend in the vicinity for what was absolutely
necessary to enable him to return home.

RIVER STEAMERS.—.An important addition to
t'ie facilities for embarking o❑ hoard the steamers plying
on the river Thames, or of landing from them, his been
recently erected at Southwark Bridge. It consists of a
very convenient and substantial floating pier. which con-
tain:, a lofty and commodious waiting room, wherein mere
than of clinary care id exhibited for ventilation during
summer, and for proportionate warmth in winter. The
access is cut through the footway on the western side of
the b idge, within the batlustrade, terminating a little be-
yond the centre of the first pier from the City side, and
is easier and safer for the most timid passenger than any
similar construction on our useful, healthful, and beauti-
ful Thames. The floating pier, secured in its pOsition
between four immense piles, keeps the same level as the
steamers that use it, by rising or falling with the ingress or
egress of the tide; and, having a depth of upwards of eight
feet of water along irle at the very lowest ebb, there
is always plenty of flJatge, and to spare, for the largest
steamers that cast come above Bridge—those at present
usinr, it draw little more than three feet water. There is,
therefor', no occasion for any temporary or insecure
lengthening of the gangway eiti.er to or from the floating
pier. Already the number of passengers availing them-
selves of this pier average fifteen hutitlred per diem during
six days of the week, and three thousand on Sundays.
Much credit is duo to the engineer for the slkili with
which he has effected so desirable an object, without
either defacing or weakening the Bridge, and for provid•
ing at the same time accommodation for passengers, with-
out resenting any obstruction to the puma nav:gation of
the

LIFE AT TIIE LAEKEN.

Nothing is more placid than the life which the Royal
Family of Belgium lead. King Leopold invariably
rises, both in winter and summer, as six o'clock in
the morning. The first thing he does is to take a
cup of tea, which his valet de chambre brings him.
His Majesty, when weather permits, then goes down
into the garden, and walks in it a quarter of an hour,
half an hour, and sometimes a whole hour, and
afterwards returns to his bedroom. The few peop'e on
duty at the Laeken, which is considered quite a coun-
try-house, being aware of the King's habit, manage not
to require a walk and fresh air at the same time as his
Mj
esty. The only individual who dares share with
the Monarch the pleasure of seeing the roses salute
the rasing sun is Francois, the chateau gardener, with
whom Leopold familiarly converses about his horticul-
tural pursuits.
Nevertheless, a young man, M. , one of M. Van
Praet's attaches, being obliged to sleep at the cha-
teau with his patron for a fortnight, and not knowing
Leopold's unwillingness to be disturbed in his habits,
contrived to meet him in his garden. M.
feigned astonishment and confusion to admiration.
His Majesty comforted him. Our youth took courage,
exchanged some words with the King, and found
means to give him to understand that he also had early
habits which he could not overcome, The King con-
gratulated M. -- upon them, and hinted that he could
indulge thorn the more easily as the surrounding coun-
try was veryextensive. Our blunderer did not take the
hint, but treated himself again next day to the amusement
of meeting the King, who winced, but whose language
was not less affable. Already did M. -- fancy himself
on the high road to an overwhelming favouritism—
already did he behold himself enacting the part of
Struensee, minus the denouement. His dream was of
short duration. On the evening of the very same day
he was requested by M. Van Praet to go and wait for
him at Brussels. His Majesty had rather bitterly
complained to his Secretary of his having brought to the
Laeken a clerk whose habits were troublesome.
At eight o'clock a courier from Brussels brings to the
King books, newspapers, and Ministerial decisions,
which he is to countersign. At ten he meets his family
for the first time at breakfast. He chats with the Queen,
pins s with the children, and, above all, puts questions
to the Prince Royal, who, though very young, already
displays the utmost intelligence. The youthful Prince
whom the Queen rather adores than loves, receives thus
early the best education. He can converse in French,
Flemish, English, and German. He answers all ques-
tions upon geography, and is well informed in ancient
history. This child, upon whom the brightest hopes
are founded, is educated with a simplicity which re-
minds one of the education given to all the sons of
Louis Philippe.
At noon his Majesty enters upon all the real cares
annexed to the throne. He gives audiences. This is
a fatiguing task to a Sovereign, for to accomplish it he
must ever listen, ever smile, and ever promise. It is
but justice to say that the King acquits himself of it
as it he had never done anything else in his whole life,
and in that respect he proves that he has forgotten none
of the good traditions.

At three o'clock in the afternoon the audiences are,
thank God, at an end. The letters from France and
other countries then come in. A courier leaves the

Lacken at four o'clock, to carry the Royal correspond-
ence to the post-office ; at half-past five dinner takes
place. The dinner is always en faniille ; and what
cooking there is at the Laeken is exclusively allotted to
the Royal Family. The scanty personnel of the cha-
teau receive their culinary supplies from without.
There exists, however, a kitchen service upon quite
a Royal scale ; but it is at Brussels. There is, there-
fore, a table at Brussels just as if the King vtere
there ; but one dines where be actually is as if
he were not present. The reason is, that the
King abhors whatever savours of Royal splen-
dour. He lives, and will live, as an English gen-
tleman, and would soon abdicate if the constitution
obliged him to exhibit himself in public more fre-
quently. Such was his life at Claremont, such it is in
the domain of Laeken, and plainer still it is in that of
the Ardennes. As for Brussels, he hates it ; we mean
the Palace, of course, and not the capital.
It may be easily conceived that a Prince whose
plainness is so gloomy cannot kindle about him any
very enthusiastic affections. Leopold, besides, would
not like to be loved in that way. It is, indeed, already
a great deal too much for his Majesty to be con-
demned to endure the civilities of the Palace Grand

Marshal. The King's ever anxious, sombre, and mys-
terious countenance casts, as it were, a gloomy veil over
the whole chateau. Under its roof you never tread but
most lightly, you talk in whispers, and unlearn to laugh.
The valets, in short, are like their master ; and, me-
thinks, even the horses paw much less noisily at the
Laeken than elsewhere. Nevertheless, the King is not
17-iste, but he labours under a melancholy, over the in-
tenseness of which the gracefulness and charming ami-
f ableness of the Queen have never been able to prevail.
One would think that royalty is too great a weight

to Leopold, and that, however light -the protocol

makers have rendered it, it is still Coo heavy for him ;
and yet Leopold cannot be said to be wholly free from
ambitiov. Look round you, and see how the house
of Coburg is spreading its branches over all the
thrones of Europe. It is he who contrived, pre-
pared, and accomplished all this. I can also affirm, for
I have no reason to conceal the truth, that if the oppro•
brious De Theux C ibinet had not submitted to the
fatal influence of Palmerston and Mole, the King would
never have come to a promise on the question of the
twenty-four articles.
It was by repressing all his anger within himself
that he signed the cession of Limburg and Lux-
emburg ; and if it had been possible for him not
the national humiliation,
in groaning, and by sub-
timtoit wfteioneulgltdhtoehcav7e superiordrbc-eceon ufpo onlyrcof force, , that he would have given
such satisfaction to his cousin William. That satis-
faction he gave, after all, at the expense of his personal
vanity and honour, and he has not yet forgiven his
father-in-law the hard necessity in which diplomacy
placed him. A well-struck coup de theatre might have
saved the whole affair—rather than give way, King
Leopold should have abdicated. Well, of such abdi-
cation he did think.

At one moment even, notwithstanding the pro-
found discretion of our Sovereign, his design became
so visible that all the people of the chateau no longer
met one another without whispering—" The King
abdicates !" He was near doing so ; and if Leopold
did not persist longer in his heroic resolution, which
would have saved all, it was not owir, so much to the
solicitations of Louis Philippe and Queen Victoria, as
to the scrupulous care with which his Belgian Majesty
avoids being talked of. Leopold was afraid of affording
a theme to the babbling of the newspapers and public.
—Belgian Periodical.

LICENSING A SOCIALIST LECTURER.—Mr.
Buchanan, the socialist lecturer, appeared at the Borough
Court, on Tuesday, and said he applied under the 521
Geo. 111. c. 155, for a license to preach. He made the
application, he said, with the view of putting a stop to the
vexatious proceedings which had been lately taken against
him and those holding similar opinions. Mr. Maude said,
all he could do would be to grant a certificate that the party
had taken the oaths. Mr. Buchanan said he was aware of
that, and that the oaths were those of allegiance and su-
premacy, which he was now quite willing to take. There
was some misunderstanding on a former occasion; and, on
ferther, consideration, he found that it was not necessary
for him to enter into any explanations of the oaths. Mr.
question,wbeforeMaudeheth e saidwrio
a:3seil
theact stioljeinnel
sar:snr
idhcseßoiaw,ius
ceoecl
erdhns,
Buchanan)
Tirh.i 1
nearea.pn
se)eßnaol
considered
nthdhhsa
that
nandtseae tnhrq
eapugddebamsevtt.
believed
I ion,
eeni
%tsiete administer i
:nntt i
particularll
ci
al the
future
bind-
ing icanu,
at
drbs
e_
sintagten,n after death, of rewards and punishments. Mr.
_Bu
TchhaenasnAseifiaideihde
Iris, in
answer that question in the affir-
mative. He then took the oaths, and made the declara-
tionforward last week by Loirnd
under the 19,h Geo. 111. e. 44, and received his cer-
tificateSLAVEßY THE RESULT OF THE CORN-LAWS.
aAllushsliourt,tofotrhethmeoptiroenvebnrtoiounghotf
infant slavery in our manufactories, observes that_.. To
attempt to regulate by Act of Parliament the time when
the children shall work—the number of hours which they
shall be allowed for rest and amusement,_the amount and
quality of the education which they shall receive, would
only be temporising with a symptom, while the cause of
the disease remain untouched. The employment of their
children is forced upon parents by the struggle required fcr
the maintenance of a family in this country, where food is
kept at the highest possible price, and labour receives the
lowest possible remuneration, and the inquiry which Lord
Ashley prays for, will, if properly conducted, show our
present bread tax as the cause of this destructive employ.
meat of the rising generation. The-
-1 class legislators
s:w
com-
posing the House of Commons refused to permit any in-
quiry into the effects of the Corn-lays, because they kne
that such an exposure would be made as would render it
impossible for them !gamier to retain the monopoly, but
ever infant
be
e slavery,ad adopted
p t e d fort o
when one branch of the same subject is submitted to them
under the specious names of charity and humanity, they
pretend to be horrified at the facts adduce& and are eager
that an inquiry should take place. We repeat that this ,
ing food which
the deep-rooted disease under which the labouring classes
as our mono.
tetnodeenrslaagvee
of this country are now labouring, and that no means can
iptuits
anosttboipngtobiett,taers, ilsonognly a symptom of
polists prevent labour finding these markets wherein it will
the
t their labouringc l
meet with adequate reward. It is the difficulty of obtain-
when the utmost care is required to 12y the foundation far
future moral and physical health, thereby sowing the seeds
from which springs a future unhealthy, vicious, demoralised
children actinthssacts
generation."

111
~ueruaie, near that town',
THE COINS FOUND AT CUERDALE.—We
seyme time ago extracted from a Preston Paper an account
6,,f. the finding, in May last on the bank of the Ribble, at
an immense quantity of an-
eient Saxon and other coins, rings, chains, and other or-
raments of curious workmanship in silver. We under.,
stand that a Coroner's inquest will be held on Saturd,y
next, at Preston to inquire Whether this "treasure trove"
belongs to the Qucen, in right of her Duchy of Lancaster,
or to W. Assheton, Esq., as Lord of the Manor of Cuer-
dale...—Manchester Guardian.

GREECE.

ATHENS, JULY 27.-11 y reports from this country
must contain the same details of mis-government—the
:ame idiotic perseverance in an anti-national system, in
direct violation of all the engagements of the King and

his father towards Greece ; the same fear and tutu-Wing
at the displeasure of Russia. The influence of this
power is greatly increased by the hold which the Czar
has over the Fretty little Queen through the tics
of relationship which exist between them. The
Russian envoy is, in fact, considered at the palace
as " Minictre de famine ;" he has always an ob-
sequious smile and a cringing bow for her Majesty,
and constantly expresses the interest which his
august master feels for his " belle niece." The parti-
sans of Russia are furnished with autograph letters of
introduction to the Queen, whose protection is immedi-
ately granted to them. Unfortunately, the Queen,
with all her amiability, is a little uneducated being,
who is never seen with a book in her hand, or engaged
in any rational occupation ; but spends her days in idle
talk with her household (all thorough-paced Russians),
and in playing with a parrot and a monkey. The King
is known to be—nay, it is useless concealing the truth—
a fool ; and you may imagine how easy a task it is for
Russia to hold him in her trammels, when you take
into consideration also what I have stated about the

Queen !
This influence of Russia tvill become doubly appa-
rent, when I tell you, that the philorthodox conspirators
have within the last few days been acquitted, on the
ground of there being proof only of a "project unac-
complished."
His Majesty, in order that his sentiments should not
be mistaken by the Judges (whom he terrified by the
opportune arbitrary dismissal of three of their brethren),
sent his Aide-de-Camp, Colonel Colocotroni, to spend
the last week at the Convent of Hymettus, in boon
companionship with—whom ? why, with the chief of the
conspiracy in Greece, Niketas 1
But this is not all. His Majesty has retained in his
office M. Paicoc, the Minister of Justice, who has been
more than once denounced to his Majesty during this
investigation, as acting under the influence of his pro-
tectnr, the Muscovite Minister, for the suppression of
evidence against the conspirators ; and still more
strange, his Majesty has dtfied public opinion to the
extent of causing the prosecution to be conducted by
his Attorney-General, Mr. Typaldas, wlio was hiniselj
wind guilty of being a manager of a conspiracy of the
Russian party in Greece, in 1834, and who was ap-
pointed to his present office at the dictation of Mr.
Catacazy, whilst the philorthodox conspiracy was in
secret progress, and retained his power under the same
influence all through the piece.
The greatest discontent prevails here. The people,
a few months ago, saw half a million of drachms from
their revenues go to Bavaria, in part payment of a pre-
tended loan from King Louis. Now, this very week a
further sum is about to be remitted to Munich, at an
iniquitous rate of exchange.
The old military chiefs are indignant at this state of
matters, and only want encouragement to rise " en
masse," and drive Otho from Greece. The sole impe-
diment to such a finale is, the difficulty of finding a suc-
cessor, or of obtaininc, the support of any of the great
powers. Otho no longer possesses the least hold on
the affections of his subjects, and all curse their fate in
having been tied hand and foot, by the three Powers,
to such a weak and imbecile tyrant. Much, indeed,
have the allies to answer for on this head.

For my part I firmly believe that King Louis, of
Bavaria, and the Czar of Russia, knowing the impro-
bability of Otho ever having offspring, have made a
secret compact to allow his Majesty, for his lifetime, to
reign in Greece, and at his death this country to become
a province of Russia.
P. S.—The King seems to think that the sentence
of acquittal of the conspirators is " too bad ;" and
that something must be done to destroy the opinion that
he fears Russia ; so yesterday, to the consternation of
the Russian party, their champion, the Attorney-Gene-
ral Ty paldas, was summarily dismissed, and Count George
Capo d'lstrias sent out of the country ; he goes, I be-
lieve, to Egypt, not daring to return to Corfu, though
his Majesty offered him a passage by to-day's Austrian
packet ; he dares not go to Turkey on account of his
participation in the philorthodox plot.—Morn. Herald.

DESTITUTION AND DISEASE IN

SCOTLAND.

EDINBURGH, AUG. s.—At the meeting of the Town
Council this day, Mr. Drysdale moved the following
resolution :

" That a petition be presented to her Majesty, pray-
ing that the warrant lately granted to the Poor-law
Commissioners of England to inquire into the sanatory
condition of the large towns of Scotland, and into the
causes of fever and other contagious febrile diseases
therein, be extended so as to include an inquiry as to
whether want and destitution be among such causes ;
and, if so, to what extent these prevail ; and whether
they are adequately met by existing provisions."

. .
Mr. Scott admitted the necessity of a minute and
searching inquiry into the state of our poor, and into
the remedies for improving their condition, but objected
strongly to inviting the English Poor-law Commis-
sioners to undertake it, seeing they were men of Eng-
lish ideas, unacquainted with the Scottish population,
ignorant of the manner in which the poor were main-
tained in this country, unfamiliar with the mate-
rials on which they fed—for they did not consider oat-
meal to be food fit for the human species at all—men,
too, accustorled to the habits of a richer country
and to the more lavish system of expenditure for the
poor which had existed for centuries. If these men
were allowed to enter upon the investigation of the sub-
ject, they would open upon us views respecting the sup-
port of the poor whieh would astonish th.e people of
this country. Mr. Scott then mentioned some instances
of the heavy assessments in England, and concluded by
cautioning the Council against the consequences of
adopting the motion of Mr. Drysdale.
Mr. M'Aulay said he rose not to oppose the inquiry,
because he agreed with Mr. Scott that an inquiry was
necessary ; but he also agreed with him in thinking it
ought not to be confided to people from England, who,
it was well known, were the most prejudiced people on
the face of the earth.--(Laughter.) That an inquiry was
necessary had been sufficiently known ; but why should
not the people of Scotland be allowed to make the in-
quiry themselves ? Mr. M'Aulay concluded by pro-
posing an amendment, to the effect that a Committee
of that Board be appointed to inquire into the con-
dition of the poor, and more particularly to procure
tabular statements, showing whether they came from
England or Ireland, or from what parishes in Scot-
land ; and whether they came as paupers or as work-
ing people ; with power to the Committee to add to
their number such citizens as may aid them in their
inquiries ; and with power to confer with such public
bodies, or private individuals, as could furnish them
with information ; and report to the Board.
Mr. Scott thought the best way would be to move
the previous question as an amendment.
This was accordingly done, when the motion was lost
by a majority of 3. The numbers being 10 and 13.

HARVEST PROSPECTS IN

IRELAND.

LIMERICK.—The last few days have been everything
the husbandman could desire. This day indicates every
likelihood of a continuance ; if so, all hands will in
busily employed at the scythe and the sickle. If the
n'eather holds for one month, the most abundant harvest
for the last few years will be gathered in.—Limerick
Roporter.

ENNIS.-It must be satisfactory for you to learn, as
it is for me to communicate, that the late heavy and
unintermitting rains have not done the serious injury
to the crops in this country which was generally appre-
hunded. Partial losses have been sustained, but they
are chiefly confined to the low meadow lands, which, in
many places, were flooded by the continual rains. Let
Providence bless us with a little fine weather, and the
corn is safe ; the potato crop never promised to be
inure abundant.—lbid.
DaGoitEnn.—The prospect of the forthcoming har-
vest is, thanks to a bountiful Providence, most cheer-
ing. The country looks delightful, and the condition
of the poor is daily improving. Potatoes will be more
than an average crop, very few failures being reported,
and a great breadth sown. Wheat rather thin in
some places, but healthy. At market to-day, John
Woolsey, Esq., exhibited an excellent sample of wheat,
which, we understand, will be cut soon next week.
As regards oats, barley, and hay, we opine th.it even
formers will have no reason for complaint—all will
yield more than an average crop.—Drogheda Paper.
DONEGAL.--We have had very delightful weather
throughout this county during the past week, which
has greatly improved the crops. The wheat has not
sufEired from the late rains as much as was dreaded.
The oats, potatoes, and flux, will be abundant. Tue
crops in the neighbouring counties alto look well.—
Ballysbannou Herald.

WEXFORD.—The weather for the last few days has
brought joy and gratitude to every bosom. The hay
crop, a great portion of which lay in a very precarious
state previous to Monday last, is now all taken up safely
in this district, and the corn and potatoes—the latter
the poor man's staff—give cheering prospect of an
abundant harvest. The last accounts from the midland
counties are most gratifying. The oat crop is particu-
larly prolific. We have seen a field of this grain be-
longiog to Mr. Walker, of Kiflown, that stands on the
average from six and a half to seven feet high, and the
bead correspondingly full and heavy. It may be right
to state that it is the Hopton kind.—Warford Inde-
pendent.

GOING TO LAW.--We noticed some time since
that the Bath rnniitratcs had awarded a firp.i of 1,1491.
against the Cr ,at Western Railway Company for stoppinn,
up a thoroughfare called :Head-lane. N..tlee of appeal
wag given, and the parties are now going betore the Court
of Exchequer. This scpLibble, which has already cost
upwards of 3,0001., and is likely to dol-ay the opening of
the line between Bath and Bristol, might, it is said, have
Inca setthd in tho first instance for 10/.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

SHERIFFS' COURT, Auo. 13.
(Before Mr. Under-Sheriff BURCHEI.L.)
REYNOLDS V. DAVIS.

Mr. ROMAINE stated the plaintiff's case. It was an
action to recover the sum of 1:2/. for work executed and
material supplied for the defendant under the following
circumstances. In the month of March last Mr. Davis
called upon the plaintiff, who is a millwright and engi-
neer residing in the Waterloo-road, and having shown
him some rough drafts or diagrams of a machine which,
he had invented, and for which he proposed taking out
a patent, required the plaintiff to execute them. The
pl, intiff accordingly made some wooden models, from
which moulds were taken and metal castings made from
them. He should call witnesses to prove that the
plaintiff had expended much time and labour in the
execution of the original designs and subs?quent altera-
tions at the defendant's request.
Robert Munn stated that he was employed by the
plaintiff on the work just named ; was present when
Mr. Davis came on the 14th of March and desired the
plaintiff to begin the work, when he gave him a sove-
reign by way of earnest. [The witness here produced
a number of models on the application of which to the

defendant's design he entered into a lengthened and
technical description.] Considering the length of time
which he and Mr. Reynolds were employed on the ori-
ginal design and the various alterations, he considered
the demand made perfectly reasonable.
Another witness named Martin deposed that he con-
sidered 151. would be quite a fair sum to charge for the
work executed for Mr. Davis.
Mr. PETERSDORFF, for the defendant, said, that the
plaintiff had admitted the receipt of 41. in part pay-
ment which along with 21. paid in Court, would amply
cover the expenses of time and labour on the part of
Reynolds. Mr. Dads was one of a class whom all
working mechanics considered it. advisable to extort ex-
orbitant prices from. After the exhibition of the
models to the Jury, he should not trespass on their
time by calling any witnesses, but leave it to their own
judgment to determine whether the execution of copies
of such simple structure as those appeared would call
for the sum claimed.

The Learned UNDER-SHERIFF having summed up,
The Jury, after a short consultation, returned a vcr•
diet for the plaintiff, in the sum of 101.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MANSION-HOUSE.

The Lord Mayor, upon going a few mornings ago
into Billingsgate-market, accompanied by Mr. Goldham,
the Clerk of the Market, to witness the sale of fish, and
the general arrangement of the business there, regretted
to find that the lobsters sent to town from the west of.
England were pegged. Pegs, it appears, are, when
the lobsters are caught, stuffed in the division be-
tween the claws of the fish, for the purpose of preventing
them from tearing each other upon being deposited to-
gether in baskets, and the consequence is that they pine
in agony after having been some time subjected to the
infliction. His Lordship, considering that the practice
was one which certainly came under the designation of
" cruelty to animals," intimated that he should endea•
your to put a stop to it in some way or other, and de-
sired that Mr. Goldham should make inquiries amongst
the owners, who are, according to the account of the
Clerk of the Market, respectable men, disposed to adopt
any humane proposal made by his Lordship.
Mr. Goldham yesterday informed his Lordship that
he had communicated with some of the most extensive
owners of the western coast lobsters, and received from
them the most satisfactory assurances of their efforts to
check the practice of pegging lobsters and crabs. They
agreed with the Lord Mayor that the practice was cruel,
and they also stated that the quality of the fish was de-
teriorated by it. Aware of such consequences they
had interfered with the labourers, and in many
instances they had succeeded in getting them
to tie claws of the lobsters, instead of plugging them
or pegging them, but without a resolute prohibition of
the sale of pegged fish in London, it was apprehended
that the cruelty would not be generally discontinued.
The LORD MAYOR observed that he had been in-
formed by competent authority that the fish was greatly
injured by the insertion of the peg, and that it became
unwholesome, if allowed to remain long in that con-
dition.

Mr. Goldham said that the fish must suffer from 10
to 15 per cent. by pegging, and that in some instances
he had known the shells to have become almost half
empty when the lobsters were long in torture. In the
north, where they seemed not only to have a better
notion of what was serviceable to the market, but
seemed to be intelligible to the fishermen of Cornwall
and Devon, they uniformly tied the claws.

Mr. HOBLEA said it was a question whether the
Lord Mayor could not order pegged lobsters and crabs
to be seized and destroyed as unwholesome food. He
felt convinced that the injury done to the poor fish by
the kind of torture described, would have the effect of
making them injurious to the health of the consumers,
and if the public notice which the Chief Mavistrate
had taken of the practice, and his Lordship's repro-
bation of it, did not prove efficacious, Mr. Goldham
could exercise his judgment as to the other alterna-
tive. As the fishermen along the coast of Devon and
Cornwall, who, he understood would be readily sup-
plied with twine by the owners, who wished to have
the claws tied, ought to receive notice of the Lord
Mayor's views upon the subject, it would be proper to
give them official intimation of the time at which the
pegging must altogether cease.
The LORD MAYOR wholly approved of Mr. Hob-
ler's suggestion, and directed that handbills should be
printed and distributed along the coast of Devon and
Cornwall forthwith to the effect above stated.

A poor young woman named Mary Donovan, evi-
dently far advanced in pregnancy, came, with the
tears rolling down her cheek, and her hair about her
neck, before the LORD MAYOR, to beg for God's
sake, that his Lordship would cause the river to be
dragged for her husband, Mick Donovan, who had
been drowned the .evening before. The distress of
the unfortunate creature, who, when she could be got
to answer a question, said that she lived at No. 8,
George-row, Bermondsey, was extremely affecting. Pcor
Mick had, she said, been at work at the Southwark-
bridge, when his foot slipped, and he tumbled into the
water, and was carried away by the tide amongst the
barges without ever rising.
The LORD MAYOR, who endeavoured to soothe her
grief, told her that the body doubtless would be found,
and asked her in what condition her husband had left
her ?

She replied that she had not a farthing in the wide
world, and that if she had any money, or money's worth,
she would have the whole river dragged, and wake his
poor corpse. She knew she would never get over it if
she had not a long cry over the poor darling fellow's
body.

The LORD MAYOR gave the disconsolate woman
some silver, and assured her that directions should be im-
mediately sent to the Humane Society's establishment
to drag the river.
Mr. Ambrose Le Fevre, a Frenchman, complained
that he had been robbed of a bag, containing French
and English money to the amount of 210 francs.
A policeman who was stationed in Cornhill observed
that a crowd was gathered round an omnibus on Wed-
nesday night, and having been informed that the French-
man, who had come into the City on the tnp of the
omnibus with another person, bad been robbed, took
that person and the conductor into custody.
It would appear, from the confused account of the
business given by the parties, that they had all been
more or less intoxicated. The unfortunate Frenchman,
it was clear, had lost tl.e money. He is wholly un-
acquainted with the English language ; and having had
a dispute with a cabman in the "Haymarket, found,
amongst the crowd assembled upon the occasion, an
individual who understood him, and with whom he very
readily made acquaintance. A glass of ale was pro•
posed as a cement of the friendship and accepted, and
the Frenchman and his new friend having tossed off
several glasses, which were paid for out of the bag of
the former, they walked together to Charing-cross,
where they took the omnibus, in which they talked the
driver almost off his box, and upon their arrival at
Cornhill, caused the disturbance which obliged the
police to interfere. The bag of money was not to be
found.

The Frenchman said that he would give one third of
the contents of the bag to the poor of the City of Lon-
don, if those who had it would be so good as to restore
it to him ; but he could not say that he suspected either
the gentleman who sat with him nn the omnibus or the
conductor, neither of whom his Lordship would of
course detain.

QUEEN-SQUARE.
EXTENSIVE EMBEZZLEMENT.—Mr. William Bell,
a man 60 years of age and of respectable connecticns,
was brought up for final examination charged with em-
bezzling sums of money to a large amount, the prop-r! y
of the Equitable Gas Company.
A report of the prisoner's first examination appeared
in this paper a few days back, and it will be recollected
that it was there stated that the prisoner had been em-
ployed for the last ten years as clerk and superintendent
of the works of the Equitable Gas Company, Thames
Bank, the Directors of which Company placed the highest
confidence in him, but the prisoner had abused their
confidence and defrauded his employers of upwards of
1,200/.

At the first ex,Mination the prisoner was undefended.
Yesterday Mr. Humphries appeared for the pros Cu.
tion, and Mr. Hobler for the prisoner.
Mr. Johnstone Gregory, the secretary to the Corp-
Pany, probed that on looking over the accounts in the
ledger, he found that a Mr. Martindale appeared there
as debtor to the Company in the sum of 81. 63. Bd.,
for 4,000 gallons of tar, and Mr. L. Goddard as debtor
to the amount of 431., for old retorts he had purchased
of the Company.
Mr. Martindale was then called, and afterwards a
great number of other witnesses, to prove similar cases. Mr. Humphries said there was a vast number .of
other charges whiCh could be proved against, the prkoner,
but as those already proved were sufficient to satisfy the

EVENING ED Ti ON.

ends of justice, he should decline bringing forward any

lhe prisoner, :rho, by tbe advice ct!' his solicitor,
declined saying anything, was then fully committed for
trial at the Central Criminal Court.
