PRICE OF IRISH S

Rank Stock
Gov. Del). :1A percent. 110 091
Gov. Sroek,:4 perct.... 11-141:1
1)o. New • 843
4 per cent. New do. 94
contraii :1 percent.
Royal Canal Stock °IIA
Grand Canal Stock

Ditto Loan, •3 per cent. ...
Ditto Ditto, 6 per cent. ...

Lisbon
Gottenburgh

FOREIGN MAILS.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Alorning, 53 minutes niter 2. I Evening, 15 minutes after 3.

Vnn.

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 22. 1826.

We received this morning Lisbon Gazettes to the
Bth instant, but they are devoid of any thing impor-
tant. Our Ambassador, Sir WILLIAM A'CounT,
has had an audience of the Infanta Donna ISABELLA,
and tendered to her the assurances of our unalterable
friendship and support. The Allgenzeine Zeitung,
dated April 15, has arrived, and contains the con-
gratulations of the inhabitants of Vienna upon the
happy restoration of the EMPEROR'S health. 'The
following are extracts :
Lisa" Arum 4.

The Baron de Renduffe having represented to the Prince" ne"
gent his inability longer to discharge the duties of the very Ishoriuutl
and important office of Intendant General of the Police, and re-,4.
questing permission to resign it, her Royal Highness has fiTaute'l
his petition, and exonerated him from that office ; but he is tO:
continue to hold his office at the Board of Finance. Her Hopi
Highness has appointed Manoel Joie de Arriags Brun dA
Judge in the Criminal Court, to the office of Intendant of the Po-
,.
lice.

Aram 6.—On the 4th of this month, her Royal IVO*" th°
Infanta Donna Isabella Maria
gave an audience to Sir William
A'Cou.rt, Ambassador from his Britannic Majesty, wll9•coir'pli.:,
mented her Royal Highness in the name of his Government, ill:i3
offered to the Government of these Kingdoms the assurance of ali 1
the support, and of the same friendship which his Majesty 111('
King of Great Britain preserved to his old Awl faithful ally, h»late
Majesty Don John VI., of which a proof is afforded 14 the day of
the British squadron anchored in the Tagus, which is, detined to
afford to this Government the same service that it afforded to iris

Majesty.
(The Lisbon Gazette, from 3d to 6th April inclusive, contaiiv
no other news.)

0.1.1111. 9.

The joy of the faithful inhabitants of this capital, on the rt-
covery of' their beloved Sovereign, has to-day reached the higbent
pitch. For some days the pleasing intelligence had becu ciser
toted, that his Majesty the Emperor would ride out to-play if qr.
weather would permit. From the morning early the weather WO
delightful; it was a fine spring (lay, the first after the violent
storms Which we had last week. The confident hope of seeing big

Majesty increased every bour.
Words are too weak to describe the universal transport vhie"
his Majesty, with his august consort, got into his carriage A little
after twelve o'clock, and drove between the throng of the Peol*
who crowded all the streets and squares into the Prato, Amid°

the incessant acclammations of his faithful citizens.
What increased the pleasure of the. people was his AlB
-es
evident good health after so severe an illness, and the emotion
tydlr
which their Majesties returned, with the most affable enitrtati°lll:
the enthusiasm of the spectators. •
Fttnb,te
Tbeirlaverial Highnesses, the Archtittke,..Crowo
Archduke Francis Cjwics, Aini the Princess $90.4,-10'7,
the Archduke Charles, end the Archduchess ilenriettv, the
of Salerno*, and the Clementina, ' followed the carriage, ‘vbit`ii
constantly surrounded, by enuntless multitudes, retioned to • at
palace at half-past one. A general illUmination of the city
suburbs, favoured by the meet weather, will be
etas dally "
remembered in the annals .of this capital...--(Austrian tun'
ver, April 10.)

Av3ll' 10.
Yesterday was a day of universal rejoicing, a natiinial festivity
which has made an indelible impression on the heart of eVeri.citi.
zen of Vienna. His Majesty, who had talcert:ini airing at 11:
with the Empress and the Imperial' Family, drove out 38° ;
the evening to see the illuminations. The people, as
morning, accompanied their Majesties' carriage with cries of
Of'
Their Majesties , returned to the Palace in an hour nd a
The ,palaces of the English, French, and Russian A.011—'13,1"---dtif'
were particularly distinguished by their splendid illuminatial:i
In a few days there will be a military Te Deem, at
Majesty the Emperor will be present. On the 14th
h.
jesty intends to visit the theatre for the first tin; since zi°
Metalliques, 901. ; Bank Shared, 1,090.-r--(494re-74f'''
tong, April 15.) .

The proceedings in the tir6-House-s- of Parlir
were of less inters,st laSt night than usual. Mr. ,1/4
however, on the coninattal of the hninal
Bill, stated that he would, 'by next 'Session;! 661'11'6111.

i

date thi Laws' respecting the violation of Property.
.By such useful labours as these, the Right Hon.
Gentleman has entitled himself to the everlasting gra-
titude of the Country ; and we trust that he will yet
add many a wreath to that well merited fame which he
has already earned. The CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
ctirQuEn in the course of the conversation on the
Bank Charter Amendment Bill, stated that His Ma-
jesty's Government had used its influence to induce
the Directors to grant all the concessions wished for
by Country Bankers, with respect to the payment of
the Notes in London, and also as to their amount,
but that the Bank had declined to do so.

We inserted in our paper of yesterday an interest-
ing extract of a letter from an officer at Frame, com-
municating various facts relative to the Court of Ave,
and the war now raging there with the Burmese empire ;
and expressing a very confident opinion of the pro-
bability of a speedy termination to hostilities by the
submission of the Golden-footed Monarch to the
terms which will be dictated to him, namely, the pay-
ment of the expences of the war, the possession of
Arracan, and the country south of the Salamy River,
with certain other restrictive obligations.
The writer of this letter appears to be so well in-
formed upon all points connected with the events
which have taken place during the existence of the
war, that we cannot refuse to pay great deference to
the opinion which he has expressed with so much
confidence, and we shall greatly rejoice if the next
arrivals from India should bring accounts confirma-
tory of his anticipations. We cannot, however, quite
overcome our fears, that news of, a contrary character
may be received. We have always viewed the Bur-
mese war as one pregnant with consequences of a
disastrous nature to our interests in the East, with
reference both to loss of life, loss of treasure, and
Possibly eventually to loss of territory. If the
causes of this war were sufficient to justify its
being undertaken, operations of more determined
and energetic character, ought to have been pursued at
its very commencement. A force of overwhelming
extent ought to have been immediately employed, and
a blow struck before the Burmese had learned that
their own security was best ensured by a cautious and
harrassing system, which, from the prejudicial effects
of the climate on the constitution of Europeans,
Would bring to their aid the powerful auxiliary of
pestilential disease. The expellees of the protracted
war have been greater than any sum which need have
been expended in the equipment of a force of far larger
magnitude for a decisive operation, and danger to the
stability of our Eastern Empire has been produced

. _
by, inmAina an example to be set to all the Native
,HPawers, of the possible success of cautious but de-
tennmed'resistance.tb our arms.
Impressed with these feelings, and with the para-
mount importance to the interests of our dominion in
India, that thy, opinion of our invincibility, hitherto
entertained by the Native Powers, should be main-
tained, which can alone be effected by the successful
termination of the war in which we are unhappily
engage 4, we cannot but recommend that a power-
ful reinforcement of king's troops should be sent to
India without delay, and the energies of our country
at once applied to an object which appears/ to us to
be second to none at this moment, in difficulty and im-
portance. The operations simultaneously going
on against Bhurtpore afford an additional argu-
ment for increasing the forces in India. Of the success-
ful result of those operations, however, we are san-
guine, as the well-known skill and gallantry of
Lord CONIBERNIERE, and the enthusiasm which pre-
vails in the force employed under his orders, justify
the expectation that this far-famed fortress will not
have been able to withstand the attack meditated
against it, and that a booty of immense value will
have rewarded the victorious army.

On the question of West India Slavery, we have
been favoured with communications by several friends
who take different views of the subject—and think it
right (whether prudent or not) at once to give the out-
line of our sentiments on thlit question. We deeply
regret the 'distress of the West India Proprietors, and
We frill- never lend ourselves to the further deprecia-
tion lof their property by advocating Emancipation
if no accompanied by complete remuneration to the
legall owners of the Slaves. But in our regret for their
difficulties, and with the Sincerest wish to see their in-
terestsas flourishing as ever----we cannot work our-
selveS into the belief (as some persons seem to have
.lone:, that Slavery is other than a positive evil.
We are convinced that we might turn the question
to better account by taking up decidedly one side or
Other.; but, .whatever may be thought of the course we
adopt, we shall rather occupy our time (unsuccessfully
PerhSps) in endeavouring to allay those angry feelings
which often render parties incapable of seeing how
Inutnal toncession may promote the best interests of
all. We may probably revert to this subject.
The following is one of the communications which we
have alluded to ; and although not consistent with our
Vil*B3 yet, as it comes from a Correspondent for whose
talents and character 'we entertain the highest respect,
:we readily give it insertion :

Tg TUE (EDITOR OF THE SUN.

LONDON, APRIL 21, 1826,

Sin-,-11aving recently returned from the Gold
Coast, I it may be amusing to your readers to

receive an account of an interview, which lately took
place between the King of DAHOMEY and the Cap-
tain of a trading vessel, who visited his capital for
commercial purposes. The KING, after complain.-
ing bitterly of the active part taken by the King of
ENGLAND in suppressing the Slave Trade, announced
his intention of sending a messenger to GEORGE the
FOURTH, to request that he would give immediate or-
ders. to his people to cease from molesting those whom
they may find engaged in this lucrative and legitimate
traffic ; and his MAJESTY ended his representation by
observing, that " he did not see why the King of
ENGLAND should disturb his dominions, as he had
never interfered with that of the British Isles ;" and
that if it were determined to persevere in a course
so detrimental to the interests of Dahomey,
some remuneration ought to be made for the loss
which he and his subjects would experience from so
inconvenient an exception to the principles of free
trade. In reply the Captain assured his sable Ma-
jesty, that the King of ENGLAND; although a very
powerful Monarch, could not, if so disposed, give the
orders required, in consequence of the influence of a
select tribe amongst his subjects, who had determined
that slavery was contrary to the divine law, and that a
practice nearly coeval with the world should at once
be given up without any compensation to those who
were the sufferers' by its abolition.
The Captain represents that he felt quite unable to
answer that part of the KING'S remonstrance in which
he urged the unfairness of interference with the trade
of his country, and indeed it appears quite unanswer-
able : but as his sable Majesty did not form one of
the high contracting parties who at the peace agreed to
give up slave trading for a pecuniary consideration, I
conclude that his claim for compensation will not be

listened to, and that, like many others whose interests
are likely to suffer in a similar cause, he must be satis-
fied with the thanks which, to encourage him in well
doing, will no doubt be voted to him at the next meet-
ing of the Anti-Slavery Society.—l am, Sir,
Your faithful Servant,

AN OFFICER.

The following letter on the subject of Naval Ap-
pointments which has been addressed to the Editor of
the Morning Herald, and published in that Journal
on Thursday,. will spew our Readers the spirit which
actuates the Writers who are daily making attacks on
the Admiralty. No comment whatever from us is
necessary :
