WASHINGTON.

MR. PHILLIPS respeafully informs the Book-
sellers, and the Proprietors of Circulating Libraries
throughout the United Kingdom, that the Octavo or cheap
Edition of the First Volume of the LIFE of WASHING-
TON, is this Day ready for Delivery, price Half-a-Guinea,
in boards.

The superb Quarto Edition may be had as before for the
use of Noblemen and Gentlemen's Libraries, Public Libra-
ries, &c. at One Guinea and a Half, in boards.
No. 71, St. Paul's Church-yard,
May 3r, 1804.

This Day was published,
In Three Volumes, Price res. 6d. sewed,
THE EVE OF SAN-PIETRO, • a TALE.
Printed for T. Cadell and W. Davies, Strand.

This Day were published, Price 3s.
Ey Messrs. Cade!! a:1.1 Davies, Strand,
~ - (By Order of the Trustees)
TWO - ESSAYS on the' EXECUTION' and
COMPOSITION of LANDSCAPE SCENERY.
. __

-By the,late Rev. Mr. GI LPIN, Vicarot Boldre.
And on the Sixth of tune will be sold by Mr. Christie, a
few of his Drawings and Books of 'Drawings. The Whole
being appropriated to complete the endowment of his Parish
School.

This Day were publisheti, price 3s. 6d.

HISTORICAL OUTLINES of the RISE and
ESTABLISHNIENT'of the PAPAL POWER; ad-
dressed to the Roman Catholic. Priests of Ireland.
by HENRY CARD, of Pembroke College, Oxford.
Printed for Longman and Rees, No. 39, Paternoster-row ;
and J. Hatchard, Piccadilly.
Speedily will be published, by the game Author, a Second
Edition. revised, of The Revolutions of Russia; dedicated,
by permission, to Lord Henry Petty, M. P.

STAFFORDSHIRE.
MANOR and VALUABLE TYTHE-FREE ESTATE,
in a Ring Felice.
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION,
_ . _ _ _

At the Crown Inn, in Stone, in the County of Stafford, on
Thursday the 7th day of June, [BO4, at Five o'Clock in
the Afternoon precisely (unless disposed of in the mean
time by Private Contra6.l, of which Notice will-be given),
in One or more Lots, as shall be agreed upon at the time of
Sale, and subject to Conditions as will be then pro-
duced ; _ _ _

ALL that the MANOR or LORDSHIP of
HI LDE RSTON E, in the -Parish of Stone, in the
County of Stafford, with the Cottages, Wastes, Heriots,
Chief-Rents, Court-Baron, and other Manorial. Rights there-
unto belonging, and all that-Capital Messuage or Mansion-
house, called Hilderstone Hall, and several Closes or Pieces
of exceeding. rich Arable, 'Meadow, Pasture and Wood Land
adjoining thereto, in a Ring Fence, in a high state of Culti-
vatiOn,und Tythe-free, containing together 25_ A 6 __ R . 34 P .
The House and a small part of the Lands are in hand; and
the residue is lett to substantial Tenants at Will ; the whole
fexelusiir e of the Manorial Rights) being of the cear annual
value of 5-5 t I . or thereabouts.
• The,House, which is in: perfeel Repair, is fit for the re-
ception of a large Genteel Family. lt is very
,pleasantly si-
tuated, ajd itilitteniAte possession of the House and Lands in
hand may be had. The Manor .of Hilderstone extends over
about ;sco Acres of Land, in which there is plenty o Game.
The Roads in the Neighbourhood are goad. Hilderstone is
only tour miles front Stone, eight from StalThrd, from
Cheadle, and ten from Uttoxeter ; all good Market ToWas..
Further particulars may be known, by appiying to Messrs..
Leigh, Brabancl, and Mason, New 3ridge-street,
,London ;
Or to Mr. Vernon, at Hilderstone afores"lid, who' will ap-
point a Person to shew the. Premises, and who will treat for
the Sale of the Estate by Private Contraet. . •
N. B. Part of the Purchase-money may'remain on Security
of the Premises.

By the KING's ROYAL LETTERS PA'T'ENT.

GO6BOLD's VEGETABLE BALSAM, for the Cure of

CONSUMPTIONS, 'ASTIIMAS, &c.
ADMITTED by a Body of Physicians to he the
first Medicine in the World for the above COMplaints,
it.never having been found to fail when taken upon the first
attack. The .following Nobility strongly:reCommend it to
be kept in all Families, twenty years .experience having
'proved it a sovereign remedy.
The Most Noble the Marquis of Lothian. • •• r
Right Hon. Viscount lludley.aod Ward.
Right Hon. I.ord Macdonald.
Right.llon. Lord Grantley.
Right-Hon. Lord Fortescue.

Right Hon. Lord Montford:
Right Hon. late Viscountess Dudley and Ward.
Right Hon. Lady Dowager Crantley. ••
Right Hod. Lady Dowager Viscount Fitlinouth.
Right Hon. Lady Dowager Forteacue.
Lady A ppreece.
Sirs Francis Blake and Edward Nevvenham, John .Coghill
and George Armstrong, Barts.
. Generals Doyle and Drouly.
Colonels Baker,nd-Debath.
And numerous others of the Nobility, as may be seen in the
Treatise,- at the Proprietors, N. and S. Godbold, No. 3,
Bloomsbury-square, where advice is given every day from
Eleven till Two o'Clock (Sunday excepted.)
Sold, retail, at one or mole Venders in every City and ca-
pital Town. N. and S. Godbold is written on every label
on the bottles, in their own hand-writing.

To Messrs. CHING and BUTLER.

SiR,
yrSon was seized on 22d June last, with a
Swelling in one of his Legs, which I thought pro-
ceeded from. a Sprain, but the next day the other Swelled
also, and red spots cam* out alt over his body, which was
attended with a violent sickness and excruciating pains, so
that he could keep nothing on his stomach. An eminent
Apothecary and Physician were called in, and notwithstand-
all their endeavours, my Son continued in the most agonizing
torture for six weeks, during which the warm bath was
tried above three hundred tunes, which in some degree alle-
viated the pains, but the relief was only momentary, and my
Son became a perfed skeleton, his back-bone appeared con-
traded and coining through the skin. It was lamentable to
hear his dismal groans ; one night he sent for me and told
me he found himself dying : 1 parted with him, not expect-
ing he could live out the night, but in the morning hearing
his groans, I approached his room, and found him, it possi-
ble, worse than I had left him. At this time I was happily
recommended to make trial of your Ching's Patent Worm
Lozenges, and on giving him the first dose, he was imme-
diately freed from pains, and voided a great quantity of filth,
resembling Worms in a putrid state. I gave him a Second
dose, agreeable to the printed Directions, which had a similar
elle.a, and on administering a third dose, he voided a qUantity
of slimy green matter, and from that time •he has had no re-
turn of his complaint whatever, but is now in a perfca
state of health. The Clergyman of my Parish, and all my
Neighbout's, are ready to -ewe testimony to these fads.
1 am, Gentlemen,
Your very grateful humbe Servant,
RICHARD BITNIEAD.
Checkeridon, Oxon, Feb. t r, 1803.
Ching'll Patent Worm Lozenges arc sold Wholesale and
Pa-
Retail a)t Ching and Butler's, No. 4, Cheapside, corner of
ternoster-row, and retail by most Medicine Venders in the
Boxes 2,s 9d. and for
Kehianrgilautarlilesipitiiiriß),orsxcess,,ira)tbosxse. 6
5 2h2Sa'it each, wirh Directions,
signed by time Viitentce.

23d May;
. .
WHEREAS several LIEUTENANTS of His
Majesty's Heel, who arc not .emplged, have omitted to
send to this Office the Place's of their Residence ; it is the direEllon
of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that such Lieute-
nants as come within the above description, do forthwith trans-
mit to this Office their respeElive Addresses ; and that such of
them as are incapable of service, either from age or bodily infirmly,
do at the same time, in the latter case, transmit a Certificate from
a Surgeon, of such inability, that theii Lordships may judge how
far it may he proper to call sepon dens for sirvice., ,

WM. MARSDEN.

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE,

May 22, 004,
THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS of HIS MA-
-2- YESTY's ORDNANCE do hereby give Notice, That
Proposals will be received at their Office in St. Margaret's-street,
Weitminster, on or before Thursday the 14th day of YAM e next,
fi-on inch Perso'ns as may be .rvilling to undertake the Supply of
COPPERSMITHS' ARTICLES, upon Contraa, for the Ser-
vice cf this Department.

Further particulars, together with the Terms andtouditionS of
the Contrail, may be known upon application at' the Secretary's
Office, in St. Margaret's-street, any day between the hoUrs of Ten
and Four o'clock, where the Proposals are to be delivered, sealed
up and ',larked on the Outside, f' Proposals for the. Supply of
Coppersmiths' Articles," but no Proposal can be admitted after
the said 14th tiqy of June,
. By Order of the Board,
R. 11. CREW, Secretory

OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, '
May 22, 1104.,
THE PRINCIPAL7OFFICERS of HIS MA.
y ESTI': ORDNANCE, do hereby give *Notice, That
Proposals will be received at their Office, in St. Margaret's-street,
Westminster, on or before Thursday the zest Day of Tune next,
from such Persons as may be willing to purcbace a considerable
Quantity of CYLINDER TAR, producea'pom the Charring of
Charcoal-wood, at the Royal Bauder Mills at Faversham.

Further Particulars, together with the Terms and Conditions of
the Contraa, •may be known upon application to the Ordnance- ,
Officers at Faversham, where the Tar may be viewed, and alio
al the Secretary's Office in 'St. Margaret's-street, any day bc.-
tween the hours of Ten and Four o'Clock, where the Proposals
are to be delivered, sealed, -and marked on the outside,. " Pro-
posals for the Purchase of Cylinder Tar at Faversham ;"
but no Proposal can be admitted alter the raid 21rt Day of gui-e.
By Order of the Board,
R. H. CREIV, Secretary.

EXCHEQUER 81.41. OFFICE, .
3oth May, aott.
All Exchequer 8116 dated in April and May, 403,
TO BE PAID OFF.

E LORDS COMMISSIONERS of 114 MA-,
I JEST Y's TREASURY having given Diret7ions for pay-
i;tg off the Principal of the above-mentioned Exchequer Bills, with
the Interest thereon, at the Exchequer Bill Office, in St. Margaret's_
street, hetween• the two Palace Yards, Westminster, 'on MON-
DAY the. 18th day 'of June, 18,34; Attendance will be • given
daily (Sundays and Holidays excepted), until Wednesday the :3th
June inclusive, from Ten o'clock -in the Morning till One in
the Afternoon,' for the purpose of receiving the same. . And for
thi greater dispatch,- the Bearers of the said Bills are desired to
bring Lists thereof, containing the Numbers. in. Numerical Order,
according to the Value of the said Bills, and Times of ComMencie-
ment of Interest, with the principal Sums and Interest due thereon,
computed front' the days on 'which they are rispeaiv4 dated;
exclusive, to the raid ath day of June inclusive, when the In-
terest will cease; and they are desired to write their Names and
Places of Abode on such Lists, and, indorse their..-Names on
said Bills.

If any of the Holders of the aforesaid Bills should be desirous of
receiving payment of the Principal and Interest, previous to the said
atb.d.y.of June 1804, they may be accommodated, on computing
the Interest to the day on which they wish to be paid, and leaving
the said Bills for examination one day prior thereto.
Such Persons as may be desirous of having New Exchequer
Bill: in part payment, upon mentioning the Amount at the bottom,
of their Lists, delivered on or be/ore the tvb of rune, 1804,
may be accommodated with New'Bills, carrying a.n Intereit of
Three-pence Halfpenny by the day on every One Hundred Pounds ;
which said New Bills. will bear date the said iSth day of 74.,
'304, and will be delivered on Tuesday tom-?9.'h of Yune, and the
following days.
N. B. All Exchequer Bills dated prior to April, 1803, have
been advertised to be paid off, and the Interest theieon has ceased.

EAST INDIA HOUSE, .
21/7* 30, ISO 4.
THE COURT of DIRECTORS of the
UNITED COMPANY of MERCHANTS of ENG-
LAND trading to the East Indies, do hereby give. Notice,
That the Otarteqy General Court appointed to be had cn WED-
NESDAY the 2oth yune next,at Eleven o'clock in the Fore-
noon, is made Special, at the desire of Twelve Proprietors, for
the purpose of re-considering the subjeD of the late AO of Parlia-
ment, called the Property dci, so far as it may be found to afeil
India Stock.

lI7LLIA M RA MSA Y, Sec.

BY HIS MAJESTY's ROYAL LETTERS PATENT.
MR. SIGMOND, Surgeon-Dentist,l3.lth, re-
speatully acquaints those of the Nobility and Gentry,
who have experienced the benefit resulting from the. use of
his Dentifrice and Lotion for Preserving and Beautifying the
TEETH and G U MS, that it may be obtained at the follow-
ing P :ices in Town, viz. at Messrs.Gattie anti Lea's, No. 52,
New Bond-street; Hen-try and Son, T ichborn-strect,Golden-
square ;
, ( ulding, Cornhil 1 • CrYer, ditto • Wiitts Chy mist,
No. 478, Strand; RowifY,'Holborn Hill.; Hazel, Surrey-
street, Black friars-road ; awl„ for the greater convenience of
those residing in the Country, they may be procured in must
of the principal Tdwns throughout the United Kingdom.

Also, his ANODYNE TIN C ru R F., for the cure of the
Tooth. Ache, awl Moth Brushes of viiiseU6',44CS and texture,
on the best constru.:tiou for use.

•
BE PARTICULAR AS TO THE HOUSE.
• , PATENT BEDSTEADS AND TABLES.
UTLER's Furnishing Upholstery, and Cabinet
.11-7 Ware-roams and Manufalory, Nos. 13 and 14, Cathe-
rine Street.. A large assortment of articles of the newest,
neatest, and most ceconomical Fashions, of well seasoned
materials; and excellent workmanship, with several jut-
provements. , . . .
BUTLER respeafully relies on the good discernment of
the Public, that they will ace through the paltry devices
and insinuations opposed to him and counterfeiting his arti-
cies. It is well known that BUTLER has two patents, one
for Tables, the other for Bedsteads; the principle of the first
is applicable to almost all kinds Of Tables, and is allowed teir
be a great improN.;ement ;. it renders them more convenient
for • Houses, and Much moire portable. The principle of the
other is applidable to most kinds of Bedsteads, as .Pour Post,
Tent, Sofa,. and Chair Beds, which latter are singularly use,
Tul in sickness, and each \ 'Olen shut up, make a handsome
piece of furniture for a Sitting Room, Dressing Room, &c.
The Four Post and Tent Beds. go together in all parts with
brass, and are fixed with much ease without the help of
tools or tacks or nails in the furniture' add are very portable.
Particular kinds of the aboVe, adapted-for Gentlemen of the
Army and Navy, and hotelimates, also portable Chairs, Sre,
Be r Lia's Patent Manufactures have been graciously pa•
tronized by the King, 5,.• !en, and Royal Family, and ho-
noured by orders from nuinbers of the Nobility and Gentry,.
and have been highly -approved of in the East and West
Indies : the of-the Articles have thus met with fa-
vourable -.encouragement, and for W hien he returns his gran:,
tul acknowledgments, and cannot'but notice mu kind fir.
fices of some others, who• fix up large Sign-Boards, with-
Be-Tuna's name inscribed, w hick may help also to proin.de
his Business; or should it lie
.of:sighed otherwise, he, by the
permission of Pnfulence, manufactures and sells hits Supe,
nor Four-post:anifother Bed:, excellent Dining Tables, and
Cabinet Articles as above, nernely, Catherine-street, S doors
from. the Strand, a brick front House, .where he has con-
structed several Tools icid Machines for working the same;
and ilas ofhern is b<' in at considerable expence to bring them
to. -that utility aad degree of rrreetioti at which they no,*
are. At'the same place may be had every Article for the
coninktely Furnishing Houses._ N. tB..For Exportation.

HEALTII, AND CLEANLINESS. .
'rrHE -INDIAN MOUTH. POWDER renders
Al the Teeth beautifully white, gives the most fascinating
redness to the G ems. and
.Lips,' and communicates a most
delightful Odour to the Breath. This Powder is prepa'red
from a yalnablc Prttg.fuuncl on, the Coast of MaiabAr, lately
imported from India by a Gentleman of fin-tune, who wit-
nessed•arnd eiperienced its wonderful Properties. He .has
submitted it to the inspedion of a Medical Gentlerri.,n
London, who so highly approves of it, that he sanctions it
with his name and'recomMendation, having ascertained that
it is a specific remedy for the Scurvy in the.Gurns,- a radical
Cure for the Tooth4eli; and decidc4ly the. best Tcotti Pow-
der .in theNyorld, and so innocent, that it.niay. iae used by,
I nlants.;-; Price iv. rid. and as. 9d. Prepared by the Dorttor,
rid sold wholesale .alul retail, by .his Agent, No; at,' PAD..
Mall ; and retail, by Mr.. Withers, No,. 229,Istraiid, near
Temple Bar.

REA LTH AND LONG LVI 11(..
Di. JAAES's ANALEPTIC PILLS: •s•
O obviate the impositions which have long been
pratt;scd in regard to this. Medicine, a small attention
only is requisite; for as by favotir of the Commissioners of
the StampA/ilice,, separate Plates have been prepared fir
Mr. Newbery's Use,. with. his N AMC 6i,ra ved in the Stamps,
the. Imitation of which would be a Capital Offence, the.,ge.
nuine Prepafation May now be readily ascertained; it is
therefore recominerided to PurchaserS not to open any Box in
future, unless they observe the words-, "‘, F. Newbery,
No. 45, St. Paul's," 'printed in the Stamp. •
The superior Excellence ofthese Trills inßheumatisms and
Colds, as well as in other Complaints to which the human
frame is liable, from the vicissitudes of our Climate, is uti,
vernally acknowledged, They are admirably calculated for
Bilious, and other Disorders of the Stomach and Bowels
for Head-acits occasioned by Indigestion ; .and for preventin4
Palsies and Apoplexies, so often, the consequence of Free
Living. Recourse should be had to them atter, every Ex-
cess, and upon every slight Indisposition • and thus their
well-known characteristic .of promoting angevity -will• be
maintained ;. for by assisting nature in the due discharge of
the animal functions, and by keeping the Constitution, as it
were, in continual repair, they preserve the Body in health
and vigour, ani.prevent premature decay. They require no
particular confinement nor attention to diet.
They are sold only by F. Newbery and Sons, at the Ware-
house for Dr. jarni.'s*s Powder, No. 4s, St. 'Paul's, a few
do )rs from. C heapside, London; and at Ur, Fames's late house
in Bruton-street ; in bo::es price 45. 6d. each, Stamp induct.
ed ; or the quantity of Six in one larce box for i1..45.

rrHE CORDIAL BA lo V 1 ot. (.41Ln,P0), by pis
.1; softening, healint, and tonic Q.ialities, and .salutari,
EffeBs' affilnis a sure prospe6t of returning Strength, am: a
certain hope of muscular Invigoration, to those who are, de-
bilitated by premature or excessive Indulgencies-: hence arise
Weakness of Sight, Vertigoes; Loss of Appetite, and Men-
tal Decay: A body that isenervited in-youth:. seldo:n reco-
vers itself by arty other means- than this Restorative; Old
Age and Infirmities speedily come on, and the thread of Lite
is shortened : for, the foundation of a happy old age, is a go( d
Constitution in youth ; temperance and moderation, at that
age, are passports to happy grey hairs. .
Youth of either Sew,• who have praffised a secret and de..
strottive Vice, and thereby relaxed, weakened, and debili,
tated the whole Nervous System, Mil find the Cordial Bairn
of Gilead the most powerful, certain, and effellual Remedy.
This Cordial has been uncommonly successful with young
People who have the appearance and air of old age ; who are
pale, effeminate, benumbed, stupid, and even imbecile ;
whose bodies are become bent, whose legs, are no lonter
scarcely able to Carry them ; who have an utter distaste tor
every thing, and arc totally incapacitated. IVnere the Sto-
mach is frequently disordered, tile body is weakened, pale-
ness, bodily decay, and emaciation, succeed this Most de-
structive habit, and the eyes sink into the head. T.lle yire
of the Cordial Balm of Gtleed_i.siteir remonstrated, in
era-
ttu,ar;,w .
r.-;T::l!finii-dost dangerous symptoms of Nervous
Disbrders ; and nothing has tended so much twevablish the •
fame of this Medicine, as its certain success in those Com-
plaints which strike their roots. so deep in the Censtitutioo,
and are so fatal to the happiness of Mankind.
. Prepared by Dr. Solomon, Liverpool,-in los. 6d. and 335.
Bottles ; the latter contain 'four of the former, bv.
Purchaser saves os. Every gepoifelfel;ottee nas a Stamp,which
bears the P:.7.-1;;;,-ror' Wanie and Address, " Samuel Solo-
me.ri, Liverpool," to imitate which is Felony.
N. B. The Postage of all Letters to the Dodor must be'
paid; and los. 6d. as a Fee, enclosed for Advice.
The Cordial Baltn of Gilead, Anti-I mpetiemes, and Ab-
stergent Lotion, and" Guide to health," are
Sold by Remnant, Ilainhurgh ; R. Bach, Pearl-street,
New-York ; Mathews, No. 18, Strand, London ; and i n
Bath, by Hazard; Bristol, Buigin ; Brighton, Gregory ; Bir-
mingham, Knott and Lloyd ;• Bedtbrd, Smith ; Bland ford,
Simmons ;• Bury St. Edmund's, Dingle ; •Cheltenham, Set-
don; Cambridge, Hodgson; Coventry, Rollason Colches-
ter, Kepner ; Canterbury, Simmons Carlisle; •collie;
Chatham, Etherington ; Chelmsford, Clirchar ; •Chester,
Pool and Son ; Chichester, Phillipson ; Cirencester, Smith-
Chippenham, Combs ; Dublin, Keene, No. 6, Collegf-
green ; Derby, Drewry ; Durham, Pennington; Dover,
Neales ; Devizes Lowe ; I)orchester, Virtue ; De.tl, Rose;
Dartmouth", Jackson ; Edinburgh, Smith, North Pri-;se ;
Exeter, Trewman and Son ; Falmouth, Elliot ; Cloitces-
ter, Pitt, Walker ; Glasgow, M`Donald ; Liverpool,
,Par-
cantile Gazette Office ; Leeds, Imps, Holmes ; Lincoln,
Drury' ; Lynn, Headley ; Leicester, Gregory, Swofe::
Lewes, Pitt : Manchester, Thompson ; Margate, Rowe;
Maidstone, Walker; Marlborough, Harold ; Newbury, Ful-
ler, Atter: ; Newcastle, Walker, Hodgson ; Northampton,
Dicey; Nottingham, Burbage; Norwich,- Stevenson aud
Co. ; Oxford, Jones ; Plymouth Dock, Ilox land ;• Ports-
mouth, Belam; Reading, Smart and Co. ; Rochester, Ether
ington ; Preston, Serget:t ; Shrewsbury, Eddowes ; South-
ampton, Baker ; Stafford, Morgan ; Stamford, Newcuittb ;
Sunderland, Bray ; Salisbury, Collins ; Scarborough, liar.
Icy ; Taunton, Poole ; Tunbridge Wells, 'Sprange ; Wells,
• Evill ; Weymoutn, Wood ; Windsor, Blakel,ey ; Yolk,
Wolstenholme ; and by all Venderz of Genuwe :,,fe.oi‘rties in
the United Is i:igdom.

IIivIPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF PEERS.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 30.

THE consideration of the Ay lesbury Eleetion Bill,
which stood for a second reading this day, and on
which -stage Counsel- were ordered to he heard in
support of the different Petitions, was adjourned till
Friday.
Lord THURLOW was sworn and took his seat.
The Bills before the House were forwarded in
their respcaive stages.
The Judgment upon an Appeal Cause, which
stood for to.day, was postponed, and some private
business disposed of; after which the House ad-
journed till to-morrow, when their Lordships stand
summoned upon the Marquis of ABERCORN'S MO-
Lion.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 30.
Mr. I. H. BROWNE brought up a Report from
the Committee to whom the Bill for the Improve-
ment of the Highlands of Scotland had been referred.
—The Report was ordered to be printed for the use
of the Members.
A Message from the Lords informed the House,
that their Lordships would not insist on their
Amendments in the Volunteer Bill.
The Report of the Committee upon the Liskeard
EleEtion Transatlions was ordered to he taken into
farther consideration on TuPsddy next, and copies
were ordered to be laid before the House, of two
Letters relative to this suhjeet, the one from Mr.
Damon, Under Sheriff of Cornwall, and the other
from the Mayor of the Town of Liskeard to the
_said Under Sheriff.
Sir J. NewroßT moved for a List of the Persons
holding Pensions on the Irish Establishment, to_
gether with the amount of the said Pensions, and
the term for which they are held.—Ordered.
On the Motion of Mr. Husxissolsr, the Order for
taking into consideration His MAJESTY'S Message
espeffing Provision for the Family of the late '
Lord KILWARDEN, was postponed till this day
serinight.
On the Motion of Mr. STURGES BOURNE, the
third reading of the English Army of Reserve Sus.
pension Bill, and the second reading of the Irish
for the same purpose, was postponed till Mon-
day seinnight. _

SLAVE TRADE.

Mr. WILBERFORCE rose to make his promised
Motion : he said, that often as it had fallen to his lot
to address the House on behalf of the unfortunate
victims of this Trade, he never remembered a time
when he had addressed them upon the subject, in
which the necessity of the total Abolition of the
Slave Trade could be more clearly demonstrated, or
when the measure appeared more urgent, than at the
present moment. His appeal would not now be
made merely to the humanity or justice of the House,
in favour of art oppressed and most unhappy race of
individuals, but it should be also made to our own
interests, and to every approved principle of Na.
tional Policy; he was prepared to answer all the ar.
guments that had been advanced against the measure
which he had formerly the honour to introduce, and,
he trusted, that he should convince the House that
they had decided rightly in 1792, when they voted
a Resolution for the gradual Abolition of the Slave
Trade. In that Vote the House of Commons pro-
nounced a solemn verdiEt, and passed its judgment
on the Slave Trade, after the most mature delibera-
tion. He lamented, however, that so long a time had
passed since that vote, that it would become neces-
sary for him, upon the present occasion, to re-state
those arguments and proofs upon which the House of
Commons then solemnly decided. He hoped that it
was not because the immutable principles of justice
and humanity had made but a slight and transient im-
pression on the minds of those Gentlemen who had
so voted, that the measure was not yet carried into
execution, and that, after such a lapse of time, it
became now necessary for him to urge vain those
arguments of which the House of Commons, in 1792,
expressed their approbation : (Mr. W. then re-
quested the Clerk to read from the Journals the Re.
solution of the Ist of May, 1792 ; which was accord_
ingly done). This Resolution, he said, had for its
primary objed, to save the lives of several hundred
thousands of our fellow-creatures, and to save their
offspring, for endless generations, from irredeemable
and hopeless slavery and misery. In the evidence
which was laid before Parliament prior to that Re-
solution, it had been clearly proved, that in order
to support this Trade (if Trade it might be call-
ed), the Princes in Africa had been excited, not
li!eaable neighbours,
only to make War upon
merely for the purpose of making Captives, but
that they had also been excited to commit hosti-
lities against their own sulljeds, and those who had
every right to claim their prote&ion ; they were
'excited not only by money, but Dy spirituous li-
quors, and every indoreeneot which could be sup.
posed to have any operation on their minds. Their
-mode of warfare, both with their neighbours and
with their own subjefis, was to set fire to towns and
villages, in order to catch the fugitives as they es_
taped from the flames, and sell the miserable cap.
tives so taken to European purchasers ; and this prac-
tice was the principal support of the Slave Trade.—
It had been proved that another mode of getting
Slaves was this ; the Princes were excited to bring
many of their -subjeds to trial on charges of magic,
witchcraft, and other absurd charges of that nature :
the sentence was banishment, and this banishment
was changed to slavery in'our Colonies ; aondyet
some persons gravely contended, that persons taken
to this manner, by open violence, or convicted in
this manner, of witchcraft or magic, had really, and
rightfully thereby forfeited their own liberty, and
that of their offspring, to the remotest generation,aaid
that they had no jusz reason to complain of West In-
dian slavery. 'Fite evils which this wicked traffic
produced in Africa are very evident. The Distrift
where the Trade prevails is unpeopied for nearly
zOOO miles upon the Coast and boo in the Interior,
extensive had been the mischiefs and the desolation
eecasioned by it ; and whereas, in all other half-
Vilized nations, the greatest degree of civilization
ttis been always found on the Sea Coasts, when the

ioliabitants Fad improved by intercourse with foreign
nations, yet Africa alone was a melancholy, ex-
ception to this rule. Every thing like civilization,
manufaaures, or learning, was only to be found in
the interior, or in those countries which traded least
with Europeans. The African Nations that were
out of the way of European commerce, had some
manufaaures, some agriculture, and knew some-
thing of the social comforts of life ; but those States
in Africa which had the misfortune to be visited by
European merchants, so far from improving at all
in civilization, were the most remarked for adhering
to every especies of barbarism. Those prejudices te-
speaing witchcraft and magic, which Christian mer-
.chants wished them to keep, had nearly disappeared
before even the feeble lights of Mahometan civili-
zation. He thought that we would do well to be
consistent in our wickedness, and to abjure even the
name of Christians, while we were ailing a part so
contrary to the spirit of Christianity ; a part which
Mahometans or Pagans would blush to aO. It had
been proved before the House, in 1792, that the
Slave Trade had been carried on by the means
he had stated, and that it hai produced in
Africa that desolation which he had described ;
it had also been proved, that by the manner of 1
treating the Slaves on their passage from Africa to
the West Indies, many of them died, and the House
was, at that rime, so struck with the proofs on this
head, that Legislative Regulations were made, !Air-
ing the number of Slaves to be carried in each Ship.
Against the evidence which was then produced,
and against the arguments which the Howe had
then acquiesced in, several objeaions were made at
that time ; few of them substantial, most of them not
even plausible. The first ground of ohjeaion was
founded upon an opinion, that the Africans hardly
deserved the name of men, but were rather to be con-
sidered assemi-brutes; the inference which was there-
fore drawn was, that we had no right to feel for
them exally as fellow-men, and that they had no
right to expel better treatment than they met with.
This opinion was not merely hastily urged in the
warmth of Debate, for want of a better argument,
but had been deliberately stated by a man of consi-
derable abilities (Mr. Long), in a Work which he
calls a History of Jamaica, and in Which he de-
scribes the whole African race as a set of beings
very little superior to the Ourem °uterus-, of the
baboon and monkey species. After expressly say-
ing that they were a set of brutes, he gives the fol-
lowing as the African charaaer : " The Africans
are utterly incapable of any progress in civilization,
they have no moral sentiment or feeling, which is
exemplified in nothing more than their barbarity to
their children : they cannot admire the beauties of
their own Country, but bdild their hovels and their
villages either in the forests or among morasses,
and in situations the most difficult of access to Euro-
peans." How barbarous and unjust was the con-
clusion drawn by this Historian ? It they are obliged
to fly from the most desirable situations in their own
country, and hide themselves in forests and morasses
from the eye of the European Slave merchant, or his
African Agents, was this to be brought against them
as a proof that they should be treated as brute, It
was from no friendly visitors they fled, but from those
who, with the most malignant industry, entered their
country only to desolate it. The charge of barbarity
to their children had been most completely disproved;
it was a falsehood that had no foundation ; it was a
libel on the Great Creator of the Universe, to say, that
so considerable a portion of the Beings to whom he
had given life, were deprived of that parental instins
which brutes themselves possess in a high degree :
but nothing could be more contary to the truth than
this charge, as the Africans were known to possess
the strongest attachment to their children. Ttie
reasons of bringing such charges were obvious. If
people can be once persuaded chat the Africans are

merely brutes, they will be easily persuaded that
they ought to be treated accordingly : but it should
be recolleSed, that the Europeans do not visit
' Africa for the purpose of enlightening the darkness
of the minds of the natives, or removing their pre-
judices, but merely for the purpose of dragging
them away to the most bitter and endless slavery.
This is an old way of justifying cruelty and oppres-
sion ; it is exally the same that the Spaniards took
to justify themselves for their cruelty to the native
Americans, on the conquest of Peru and Mexico;
they would not allow them to be men, but a sort of
brutes ; and in fad their barbarities, under that pre-
tence, received the first check from the Pope, who
published an original Bull, for the express purpose of
declaring that he acknowledged the Americans to he
veros honthres, or real men. [Mr. WILBERFORCE
here read a long Extras, in Latin, from the Pope's
Bull upon that subject, in which his Holiness,
after declaring that the Americans were usually
considered bruta an alia, or brute animals,
thereby expressly declared them to be real men.]
—Froin Lr.. would appear, that this was an

I; • •
old way, when we wisnC.P to ;:,lure and
our fellow-creatures, to represent them as below
the level of the human species. Besides the
strong sympathy we feel for beings of our own
species, there is this marked di.srindion : brutes

have no foresight of future evil—no strong recol.
letion of past injuries ; perhaps it would be well for
the unhappy Africans that they too were destitute
of those feelings, which could only aggravate their
miseries, and embitter their slavery ; but it will
hardly be argued at the present day, that they
are so entirely destitute of feeling ; they have
proved, in St. Djmingo, that they possess the
power to combine with Wisdom, and execute with

Courage; that they are not incapable of learn-
ing from the Europeans, at least the Art of War,
and that they have learned how to make them-

selves formidable to their oppressors. The argu-
ment which had therefore been drawn from the sup-
posed incapacity of the Blacks to receive any civi-
lization, was now completely overturned, by the
events which had recently passed under our eyes.
But, against the opinion of Mr. Long, (the Histo-
rian of Jamaica), the opinion of all Writers on Africa,
both French and English, were unanimous (Mr.WIL-
BERFORCE then cited the accounts given by a
great number of Writers, whose names he men-
tioned). They were all persons who had written on
the State of Africa, long before the question of the
Abolition of the Slave Trade had been started, and
therefore could more be depended upon. They all
agreed, that before the iotroduftion of the Slave

Trade in Africa, that part of the coemtry in which
it pow prevails, was much better cul:ivated and
peopled than it is at present, and that the punish- I
ments in Africa were uncommoely : the
greatest crimes were only punished by banish-
ment, which was usually of short duration ;
whereas, since the introduCtion of the Slave
Trade, the smallest crimes are punished nomi-
nally by banishment, but, by the intervention -9f
our Slave Merchants, this banishment is changed to
perpetual bondage and Slavery in rite West Indies.
All those writers too even unanimously agreed, that-
what is called Slavery in Africa bears no resemblance
at all to slavery in cur West India 'lslands. The
Slaves in Africa eat with their masters, live nearly
as well, and their labour was moderate; they did not
work as our West-Indian Slaves, under the lash of
a Task Master, or tied together in lines. A French
Writer, Monsieur Malouin, had given a pretty exalt
account of the manner in which the Slaves were pro-
cured for the French Merchants : he said, when
Slaves • were wanted, a bargain was immediately
entered into with some neighbouring Prince, who
engaged to procure the number stipulated. If the
Prince could not take so many from a neighbouring
nation; he had but little objection to attack the towns
of his 'Own sublease Sometimes, however, the
party that he sent out for the attack were repulsed,
in which case he generally contrived to sell the une
successful assailants ; it seemed in such cases to be
the maxim of the African Princes, as it had been
said to be that of a Noble Lord sitting near him,
to have two strings to his bow. (This unexpected
sion to Lord CASTLE R EAG H produced a very general
laughter). The same French Writer, however, stated,
that when the Prince was tardy in executing his
agreements, or hesitated to attack his own subjects,
the French would themselves attack the towns
and villages, and settle honourably with the Prince
for the number of captives taken. The Frenchman,
however, adds in a Note, that this is a praaice
which he thinks ought not very often to be recurred
to. All the old Writers, who had written before
the Slave Trade was introduced, agreed in the mild-
ness of manners which formerly prevailed in Africa,
and all who had written since the Slave Trade was
introduced, were obliged to confesss that it was
from prisoners" taken in the manner which had been
• described, and those who had been convicted of ma-
gic and witch Craft, that Sieves were procured Lbleo.
when the objection was still urged, that these we
bought Slaves, were only such as were Slaves in
their own country, and who therefore received no
injury, he could not but observe, that it was shamee
ful for those who ought to consider the sublet% to
be still ignorant of the vast difference between West
Indian Slavery. and African Slavery, or any thing
that was ever known in the world by the name of
Slavery, till the intreduaion of the West Indian
Colonial System. Another objeftion was made
of the same nature, but a still feebler one ; it
was said, that all the captives which were drL
ven to • the Coast would certainly be massacred
if they were not sold.. If this argument was
allowed to prevail at any one time, it must prevail
for ever .against carrying into tired the Resolu-
tion of the House of Commons of 1792. Tliis
objection, like the others, was direeily in the
teeth of all experience, fur it was found, that
whenever the native Princes and the Merchants
had a misunderstanding, or difference about the
price, those captives were retained in that mild
system of slavery which always prevailed in
Africa, and which should be rather called servitude
than slavery. The Grumettas in Africa were a sort
of Slaves, but more so nominally than in fan ; their
task was to the full as light as any day labourers in
Europe; they did not work under the lash, they
Were not torn from their Country and ail their
dearest connexions ; they live in :he company of their
masters, and almost on an equality with them, and,
above all, they lived in their own country, and with
men of the same colour. The hue and complexion
of their native climate was not there'a degradation;
it did not mark them out as an inferior race of beings,
nor was it there .disputed whether or not they. were
of the human species; whether they had the natural
feelings of men. for their offspring, or whether their ;
masters of the same colour were justified in consider-
ing them as a species of brutes. No African master
was ever of the opinion of Mr. Long (the Historian
of Jamaica.), that it would be no degradation for;an
African woman to accept an Ourang Outang for her
husband.. In Africa it would be supposed that it was
those Whites who'could assert such a •proposition,that
wanted the common feelings of the human species.
There was another objection taken, which it would
appear profane to argue seriously,.ot seriously to re-
fute, namely, that because the word Slavery is men-
tioned in the Holy Scriptures, that therefore every
cruelty which is practised over the African Slaves
is justified by the word of God, and the dictates of
Christianity. SUch were the principal objections
made in 1792 to the Resolution which. was then
passed by House of Commons, bet :le very cvi.
deuce, which was then brought in favour of the
Sieve Trade, as it then stood, was now the strongest
presumptive evidence in favour of his argument.
—There was one point which then made a pe—
culiar impression on Parliament. It had been
proved that, in consequence of the manner in which.
the Slaves were crowded in the ships on their passage
to the West Indies, nearly one half of the number
taken no board absolutely perished the first year. This
was a point that struck forcibly the humanity of the
House, and they required the fullest evidence. The
fad being proved, the advocates for the Slave Trade_
called forward a number of witnesses, who, upon
being asked whether it was possible to carry on the
Slave Trade to advantage if they were restricted
• to taking only two Slaves for every ton the Vessel
• contained I answered uanimeusly, that it was ab-
solutely impossible ; some hardy adventurers might,
as they thought,
still continue the trade ; but that,
in their opinion, such a limitation would amount to
the same thing as a total a. dition of the Slave
Trade. Notwithstanding this opinion, so confidently
delivered, Parliament laid even greater limitations,
and would only allow five Sla yes to every three
tons. What was the consequence I So far from its
the Trade, the Trade was found to in.
destroying
crease very considerably after it, and the Merchants
and Proprietors it, Jamaica agreed, that this Parlia.
wenrary limitation was really beneficial to their
interest. In this instance, therefore, it had turned
'

that cvh°o
out, and been most rnstailesily Ptcwea'
,
Parliament were following the didates °fsss
t lies
nity, they were, fact, following the ail
of policy, and it was now acknowledged
.ut"rioa
sides, that those who had opp3sed the "°lirests'
13,e
then laid on, had really mistaken their own ",,f
trash
This was certainly a very strong argument raci'dist
that perhaps they might be mistaken again.3ntice
is
it -might again be found•that humanity- ands time,
also the best policy. They also stated at that
was of
with equal coofilener, that the African Trade iaado'
the utmost importance to the Marine of Eng_four
and that it was one of the principal nurseries uhe
Seamen. When he first heard this assertion,
doubted it ; he could not believe this, when thoeolis
mighty Disposer of the Universe had given I".deat
Country the Ocean for its bulwark, and the tri the
of the seas for its honourable distindion among
rod
Nations, that this, its best defence, and its Pro
distindion, rested ill any degree upon a I°l°ol
Lion so polluted with crime, as he had a
considered this abomination which was called ;0,
Slave Trade ; heowas anxious to examine thetProjt
optosiitt,ioannd, Ihieectabuusendhtet
mexocsetecdoitnn
evidence of those very persons who brought it esti
ward ; they had laid upon the Table of the Hous
Account of the number of sailors. employed intbs(
African Trade, and by that Account it apPearedl; i 4
out of 12,1500 sailors, no less than 2640.,'
refuted blot,
above one-fifth of the whole number, die"
,1"0-0
course of a year; whereas, in the trade to the e
gpllyete dloyubted the t
sile
Indies, a climate considered as unwholesOflci;eds
the same number of Sailors, only 389 h ern'
which was but a thirteenth part of the now; evi-
Ployed. Upon examination then of their °rea
,demos, it
Seamenappearedcei,it o
that what
rather to be callstheycalledthe thattheir
gevraenvetlwasnedw aho epspc:apreedd
could not be readily or safely
dfersottrnuta°iotinler evidence,
any of His Majesty's Ships immediatsqjoast.....
return from their voyage to the Slavehe Tables
When this printed Account was laid 00 'II ugh it
he was determined to examine its att
roose;
was laid on the Table for a different P° •Pnetlt
but 'having, from the reasons 6efoo assifocts
strongly suspected that the Marine was n°l, r ate
benefited bye commerce, he paid particn'ahed
noknentheointv.noYbio:lbaeriat
tention to_ this Paper, and the obserVations hevego
Made upon it .were
.the necessary consequence. ors
then it: was evident, that most of the principalestea
upon whiel-itie- friends of the Slave Trade '.o.
their s t rong-esst-e-bjeCt irons, complet-elyfall'el yeti
They had taikc4if too of the immense capital
in this trade ; but,: by their own .docturtert rail'
were
very Paper, it appeared that riot morerthan
lion annually `Ol British capital or inanuftiaore rolot
employed in this'nost wicked traffic. Eve:l,l-00
then upon which the advocates of the Slave voli
acorgntitieile
had most firmly rested upon former occasions: let.
thattly the -failedAfritchaenms. weTrehey' would no. el,
of
learning any thing, or rising to the level of Ossof
man species; nor could they say that it was nlarderi
to stow throe or .four of them in every tot'. de W 39,
Ibtilieleeeitritsroifnwoculiinpdaml
that a slave-ship contained, nor that. this-W1 hat'
siuJt
eY
immutablemanity
. and sound principles of them
justice, that the House might perhaps sPll)°;she
also to be wrong in the new grounds whic rot
would.be obliged. to take, after being.dtive: tlte,
only by argument, but by experience, IT°e—oehel'
f
f
and
strong positions in which they first intr.', Ole'
itsotabee
n support
.vooi oftenwthse oB theiritt)tsri nlugNtlwAsyt'lehiYor.
themselves, but which were found to be ontelas9
--A strong presumptive argument was n°0•10
their way ; it would be hardly possible -for thcese°
account, in any manner which' humanity °I. fie
could listen to, why, in the West Indies, t'net
marl species decreases in such a dreadful rn,ant' ten
Why have they been obliged, within the 'aspated
years, to import between two and three "fob°
thousand of Slaves ? In every other Parto)
world the human species increases, even 100?
very. In the West Indies there are tw°lsbjec`'
fads, which throw a light upon this se'i:
that it will be -beyond their power to clarreil°‘
the• Island ofsSr. Domingo, ever since theb.ht
lution, the number of births have consider% "e has
creased,' and the mortality from the- cluT)-eljsilro;
grown less ; how is this accounted for ? Very -.aver'.
tlse Women in St.DiSmingo are not forced t°,;ancY°
or excessive hard labour during their Pfeg oaf
and, therefore, neither so many others, nor 50;9 004
children, die now as used lot merly to diercs. ss/
do perish annually -in our Islands. Besides e7;oduee:
labour, there is another cause which has px-eessiv"
mortality in cur Colonies, namely, that tittle food'
labour is added the 'cruelty of giving t°° t° state'
A 5 a decided pioof Of this, it was ;tiougt' it 'peas'
that the Assembly of Jamaica had thogh; 14craes
sary to vote as-an-allowance to ron-an, a (I°3n
confined in their jails, and doing no wo°' allowano,-;
tiny of equal to double 'co eon
that is given to work:ng Negroes some O. ltaine
islands. It is now a punt periettly asc:erea
by. speculative Politicians, and even went.°
mac
anti
ono
Hume, the Historian, that it is cheaper, L• co
economical, to keep up the stock of Slaves 'r of oar'
start importations, than to be at the ex.roce of tbCt
ing them on the Colony. This, like many
ens
Slave Trade nussints, is derived from the sYs. f
import cows from Denmark, and swine fromen the
managing brutes. It is said, that it is cileaPGe cf.
many, than to rear them England. th the
proprietors of Slaves can but believe that and'
k
African race ought to be treated as brtites•freso
that it is mare to their interest to foment oleic
Wars in Africa, for the purpose of keeping "Pis roll
stock, than to breed them in our Colonies, lid if ir
time for Legislative ss isdom to step in, Huau
sna - aitY
cannot teach them better feelings of their
and Religion, at least enlighten them as t° circa
the
.s 0
which this praflice would have upon
own interests. The next point way
our P°l,FO.-
latiun : 300,000 Blacks lid been added to Asseni
tfl e
1,00
pulation Of the West Indies, and the of nil
had made application far a great addition trap
quilliiy, in a climate where- they 010‘ rvarice
very rapidly, and he 3 a
tish Troops for the purpose of preserv'ng,,erish
1""'-:
of those. who chu,ed to con tone this
were in the mean time to ftEnish fresh sull
this to protal

Negroes from the toast cf :A:ftica.
. the House, long
rain how I4e would ask
of d lon i would bear to have this sort
on the population of this Country ? and
that he begged to conned with another subjea of
magnitude, which was our Oriental Possessions,
and the demands we may have for Europeans in
the East Indies. may
all this increase of posses-
sion, and of demand for men from this Country to
support military establishments, how long we could
in that
of the view be able to allow the continuance
Slave Trade from Africa, was not for him to
y ; but under such a knowledge of fads, he should
think we
ut a shall soon
tp, B find it absolutely necessary to
to
great circumstance was, the state of St.
4-Jomingo. He wotial ask, if this was a time to go
WI to increase the disproportion between the Blacks
In'd the Whites, at a, so to increase the danger of in_'sureon in our islands ? He really thought there
4‘l:P a sort of infatuation in this business : those
''''
1° el-Warted
with the Trade seemed to be aftlided
a sort of blindness to their own interest, as
tve
that ll as to chaffad
of their Country. He apprehend_
groesunless this traffic of introducing fresh Ne-
w
bean as stopped, there must, some time or other,
al explosion that would be fatal to our Islands
together. He conjured
tow 'near St. n the House to consider
1 ---utnirigo was to Jamaica, and how
constant the communication now was between the
two Islands, and the eireft the state of the one
*as likely to have on the other, and, indeed, on
all the rest of the Islands, if
to be increased continually, and the disproportion
this importation was
tetween
,the Blacks and Whites made greater and
greater. We now an opportunity, better than
any that had ever offered before, to put an end to
Otis fresh importation : how long Providence might
free us that situation we could not tell, but it was
our duty to avail ourselves of it. But it had been
paid, that the critical
to induce him to w state of the West Indies ought
discussion of this subithhold his
Present Motion, for the
Ihad a tendency to produce insurredion in the West
ndia Islands; and that the e
gemancipation of the Ne-
roes in the West Indies would be attended it
dreadful effcCis. To this, he desired it
to bew re-
h
colleeted, that it was who Supported him, that called for the emancipa-
lion of the Negroes in the West Indies, as part of
„atilt System of the Abolition of the Slave Trade ;
who opposed
Pat it was chase
Tat would be the ea& of it. He knew, indeed,
who stated,
that
. if the African importation ceased, a,nl7 e-
lioration to the condition of Negroes in the N. .t
Inches would be the consequence ; for when
the
gdanters, or those who had the care of the Ne-
rOes in the West Indies, knew they could import
I',) Mote from Africa, they would naturally takei
the hest care they could of the stock they hat .
But it was quite ridiculous to say, that discussions in
lite British House of Commons led to insurreCtions in
1" West Irdies among the Negroes. They did not
l'tead the Debates. Besides, this observation, was
the
down by the fad, that the subjea has
I3Cen agitated for r 6 years, and has not produced
Pr) insurredion : and as to information upon the
I"eYthe of emancipation, and topics of that nature,
turedhad it constantly from St. Domingo. He con.
the Gentlemen of the West India interest to
uew'ane of their danger if this traffic was continued.
lie regarded an insurredion as a certain event, if
this importation was persisted in. He would not
say, because he had no'rneans of knowi;,g, when
it would happen; but it was, like death, sure to
saidhappen, unless the system was abolialied. It was
, that the condition Of the Negroes was very .
much improved in the Middle Passage, and that the
owners of estates in the Islands would treat them
well, because it was their interest to do so. This,
he confessed, was very unconclusive reasoning with
him ; the interest which affeaed the adions of
Wanking must not be that which depends on close
reasoning and laborious dedudion, but it' must
Be an interest plain, immediate, and palpable ; such
as
.affeaed the passions of mankind—for their ac-
tions were always governed by their passions.
lie would ask, for instance, whether any body
thought
.that any one of the Roman Emperors "
;committed any adi of cruelty in consequence of
-having, upon contemplation in his closet,: de.
icicle& that it was for his interest to do so ? No,
MI,. all these ads of cruelty were the effeds of
passion, not of convidion of interest, in the sense in
which reason pints out the true interest of man, for
that would never lead to any thing but virtue, He
knew not that he had any thing farther to detain
the House with, except to call on the House to look
at the melancholy pidure of the Slave Importation
Trade ; to see the e ire a it produced, and would
still farther produce ; its horrors in Africa ; in the
diddle Passage ; in the West Indies : let the House
see it was in us power to stop the evil, and hay-
inhg the power, let each Gentleman ask himself, wae-
,t then it was not his duty to exercise it, to put an
~redito that which was a disgrace to the -Nation he
-111:jseented ? He addressed now a number of Gentle-
fore'. There.wete many now
wn"" he had not the honour of addressing be.
not before had •
'resent to he had
was an accessiodnn o'TP:lr:unity of appealing, There
Members from a neighbouring
Country ire ' '
J k-,e,dnu), in which neither viper or other
us
l'en°lllo animal was produced, or could thrive.
lie !japed that
the Representatives of that country,
so remarkable for liveliness 'and generosity, would
not think of staining its charades in supporting,now
Poo red
the d
ifirst time, the greatest venom that ever ap- '
n human society, the Slave Trade. Hay-
tieg
in paid many handsome
men or that compliments to !he Gen-
country, he proceeded to make
10me observations on the reasons of his bringing
this Motion before the House. He was blamed by
lutne fur persisting in, by others for neglecting,
this suhjed. He
.shauld certainly never cease' to
Pursue. this subject until he had gained his objea,
andoliat he conceived to be a duty which lie owed
to his coootry. Aod as to the traffic itself, indepen-
dent of some. supposed commeacial policy, even the
"'eery adversaries of his proposal to abolish the
i'radea admitted the i-justice of it, and now re-
duced it to a mere question of expediency. Here
he read the declarations of
3.thilitiled : this , e many Gentlemen who
while
they opposed his former
fiat-
Motions in the House. Having thanked the House
ite- attention to hien, in a very handsome man-
ner, he concluded with moving for leave to 'n a Bill for the Abolition of the African Slave

Traaet It a time to be iimitea observint, ene
blank would be filled up in the Committee, specify-
ing the time at which the Abolition was to take
place. And then he moved, that the House do now-
resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House
to consider of the said Motion.

The question being put,
Mr. FOLLER contended, that the situation of
the Negroes in the West India Colonies was equal—
nay, superior to the condition of the labouring poor
of this Country. They were better fed and more
comfortably accommodated. He maintained that
their labour was not nearly so severe. The best of
the Negroes did not in general perform half as much
labour as even'the most indifferent of our labourers.
It was not, he argued, true, that the Negroes felt
themselves miserable under English Master's. The
very reverse was the case, for they felt themselves
happy under an English Master and an English Go-
vernment. He had letters in his pocket which as-
sured him of the feet, and he knew it from his own
experience. The way of punishing Negroes for of-
fences, was to threaten them with transportation to
their own Country, and a return to the Govern-
ment of their Native Tyrants. He had made trial
of this mode of punishment, and he had found it
effeaual. The same opinion had been supported
by a Member of the Colonial Assembly of Ja-
maica, a man of the highest worth and the most
distinguished humanity. The tyranny of the Na-
tive Princes of Africa was so disgusting, that it
must have inspired horror. In the history of
that country, he had read of almost incredible
inStateces.of cruelty. Their places were nor wire-
quently covered with the skulls of their murdered
subjeas, and in their court-yards piles of bones were
deposited, to inspire the miserable followers with a
due portion of awe! It was true, as had been de-
scribed, that all law was set aside, and that for
witchcraft, and other accusations equally ridiculous,
thousands of viaims were banished their country.
When the Negroes got to the West Indies they
were not divested of these foolish notions. On his
own estate he had been obliged to hang a Negro
for having killed four others, on an imputation of
witchcraft. A good deal had been said about the
capacity of the Negroes. He had never heard the
Africans deny their mental inferiority.. They had
never hesitated to confess to him, that they could
not vie with Europeans in talent or knowledge.
In matters of ingenuity or calculation, they were
no match for the inhabitants of the other quarters
of the world. It had been contended, that no at.
tempt had been made to keep up the stock of the
Negroes. This was not a fair statement. The at.
tempt had been made by many respeaable individuals,
but without adequate success. A very worthy friend
of his, in Jamaica, and one who yielded to no man
in humanity, had carefully direaed his attention to
this objea. He himself had followed the same course ;
but, owing to the impossibility of procuring a suf-
ficient number of Female Negroes, it was impossible
to keep teethe stock, without fresh importations. He
did not deny that the immediate Abolition of the
Slave Trade was a great objea, if prafticable; but
it did not appear to him prafticable in the present
state of the West Indies. Even if we were to
give up the importation, Negroes would continue
to be imported. He had heard, indeed, with.
in the last few days, that Dessalines had de-
termined to take up shipping, to bring fresh
cargoes of Negroes to Sr. Domingo. Of the
hardships which the Negroes suffered, he really
knew nothing. They had, on the contrary, consider-
able means of comfort. They had it in their own
power to save money ; but this money they preferred
spending in wakes and other meetings, where they
enjoyed them Selves according to their own peculiar
customs. The Maroon War had:been alluded to,
and the situation of the Free Negroes had been
described in very favourable colours. He begged
Fete to state, that in that War only eight or ten
individuals joined the Maroons. Those Negroes
who were. represented as so oppressed, preferred
staying with their masters to engaging in this con-
test, He admitted that the Slave Trade was not
moral in its nature or origin, but he thought that it
arose out of the peculiar circumstances of Africa.
We had heard of the History of that Country for
six hundred years ; but we saw no rays of improve-
ment or civilization. If the inhabitants had been
capable of civilization, they could easily have been
able to drive off their coasts a few African Slave Ships,
end thus have prevented the original establishment of
the trade. Something in the internal circumstances of
the Country must then have favoured the esta-
blishment of the system, and it had from these
causes gradually obtained a footing. He asked the
House, by way of illustrating the argument, to reflex
on the means by which we had acquired our Eastern
Empire. In the first instance, we only asked a lit-
tle corner for the purpose of carrying on our trade.
We had gradually usurped the dominions of the Na-
tives, had made a conquest of their Country, and- had
become that great people which now enabled us to
hold up our heads against all the mischief and ambi-
tion by which we were threatened by France. It
was plain to all those who studied the History of
Mankind, that people always got on by degrees in
prosecuting their favourite schemes. They began
with a little, and soon got on to something more
substantial and permanent. So it was with the
Slave Trade. It would have been a good thing, if
it had been checked before it got to its present
head, but as it had gone on so far without correc-
tion, he did not see that it could be now abolished.
If it could be rendered more palatable, if rules for
diminishing its severity could be adopted, he, should
be happy to give them his cordial support ; but he
did not think the Honourable Gentleman's objea
praticable ; he should, therefore, vote against the
Motion.

Mr. B ARII AA! .agreed- with the , Right Hon.
Mover as to the object, but he differed with him as
to the means of attaining it. If the Slave Trade
was Abolished by Law, it would still be carried on
in a contraband manner under foreign flags, so that
however a Law to this effeet may outrage the Co-
lonies, it would not effect the Abolition. The adop-
tion of this measure would only prevent the success
E others which may be resorted to with more bene-
fit. He thought it the best plan to render the im-
portation difficult, by imposing fresh burthens every
year, taking care not to carry them so'far as to en-
courage El contraband trade, and to lessen the demand

by withholding new hands 'froth. Cultivation, and
purchasing up the exhausted lands at a small price..
Then the Colonial Legislature might take measures
to facilitate the multiplication of Slaves, and to bet-
ter their conditiOn. He cited the opinion of Mr.
Burke, to prove that the Slave Trade should he abo.
fished in the West Indies before it could be -abo-
lished in Africa. It was to be expeftedi that when
Jamaica was brought into a state of .complete culti-
vation, the Slave Trade would fall off- by the cessa-
tion or dimintition of the demand ; that island,
however, continued a Very a&ive Slave Trade. A
still further increase was to be expeCied from the
acquisition of a new island (Trinidad). Of what
value could that island be to us if we meant to
renounce the Slave Trade ? A mystery hung over
that island, which prevented it from being known
whether it was to be abandoned or not. If it
was not to be abandoned, we may bid adieu to the
Abolition of the Slave Trade. He considered the
state of St. Domingo as the foulest reproach to the
Governalent which had driven it to that state.—
He thought it right and prudent to avoid, as much
as possible, interfering with the internal Legisla.
tion of the Colonies (a cry of hear, hear, from Mr.
Fox)—Whatever may be thought here, more was
to be done by conciliation than any other means.—
He was averse to direa emancipation, but he wish-
ed that such measures should be it4ted as were
best calculated to improve the disposition and the
state of the Slaves, and thus prepare them for Li-
berty by a progressive improvement ; for he was of
opinion, our Islands could not continue, in the-state.
in which they now were..

Mr. TV. SMITH did justice to the sentiments
of the Hon.*Member who spoke last, and who
urged his sentiments in a manner which should claim
equal resped in speaking of those who were con-
cerned with the West Indies, The House was, in
his opinion, in a very extraordinary situation ;
when, after a lapse of twelve years, during which
this subject had been repeatedly discussed, it was
now necessary again to go over all the proof
and argument that had led to former Resolutions,
similar to that now called for, and this in a Coun-
try which claimed high rank for its moral and
philosophical charades. It was, indeed, a most ex-
traordinary thing, that having 14. years since come to
a Resolution that this trade should he put an end to,
not one step had been taken since, but we had ra-
ther gone backward.—Even now the onur pr,7handi
was laid on the supporters of the Motion, as if they
were still bound to shew that the pradice of
buying and selling men, for their lives, and the
lives of their children, to the last generation, was
a pradice unworthy of .sn enlightened nation to
persevere in. He could account for this on no
other principle than that common and not respefta.
able one, that possession was nine points of the
law. He would not go into the treatment of the
Slaves in the West Indies, nor the conduct of the
Captains in the Middle Passage, to deduce argu-
ments for the Abolition of the Trade, though very
strong arguments for it may be found in both ;
he would confine his observations to what related
to the Coast of Africa, and from the evidence
of the supporters of the Slave Trade themselves on
a former occasion, he should shew the most deci-
sive grounds in justice and humanity for putting
an end to it. It was naturally to be supposed,
that a business, which was to be carried on by
the abuse of power and violence, would be sop_
ported by falsehood ; and, in faCI, every point
of the evidence adduced by the advocates of the
Slave Trade, was contradided either by the
same witness in his subsequent testimony, or
by one of the witnessess that immediately follow-
ed. Here the Honourable Gentleman read from a
Paper a series of absurdities and contradidions in
this evidence, which he had seleded in less than a
quarter of an hour. First it was said, that the
African Princes were absolute Monarchs, who could
either kill or sell their subjects, when those sub-
jsas refused to cultivate a sort of labour, which
they could not endure ; then those who could not
endure to cultivate at home, were quite happy to
go to the West Indies. And why were they so ?
because the trials were all fair, and there were no
false accusations, where the criminal was invariably
sold for the benefit of the accuser. The persons
who gave this testimony were not without a view ;
they conceived, that if the House agreed to an ab-
surdity, it would be but one step more f►r it to sanc-
tion a crime. For him, he !sad never ceased to lift his
voice against this abominable trade, and if he was
to believe the testimony of its supporters, there
was but stronger reason to put a stop to it. This
evidence stated that the Negroes were made Slaves
by war, by prosecutions for crimes real or. imaginary,
by adultery, sometimes by gambling, and that, some
were even bred up to be Slaves. This last he could
by no means believe ; but if it even were true, he
hoped it would not be held consistent for us to
sanction the barbarity of a Prince who would breed
up his Subjects to be Slaves.
Mr. FULLER explained.
_ _

General TfiRLEION said, that although he must
consider himself as one of those persons proscribed
by the Hon. Mover, he could not help expressing
his disapprobation of this -Motion. At the same
time, he begged to observe, that the Hon. Gentle-
man's mode of proscription upon this question was as
arbitrary as any that was ever resorted to by Sylla, or
any other fidator. The Honourable Gentleman
had, he admitted, introduced much new matter
into his speech—a thing the more to be wonder-
ed at upon a subjeft so often and so ably discussed.
To the principles upon which the Honourable Gen_
denim) rested his arguments he could not hesitate to
subscribe. His grounds were Religion and Morality;
but he had pushed 'thos4-,principles to arrextreme.
Evils were to be met with iti,ev;:ivdireClion; ivar,,was
an evil of the greatest kind,' and- yet-we were
obliged to endure it. Many things were tolerated
which could nor be justified' on stria principle.
Though war was an evil, we still'engaged in it ;
and though the National Debt was a grievance,
we still laid on new Taxes, and contracted for
Loans. The Honourable Member compared the
state of the Country in 1792, when the Resolution
for the general Abolition of the Slave Trade was .
adopted, with the present period, and contended, that
the difference was such as should urge the House to
pause before it agreed to the Motion under Debate. In
the former instance, the Country was at Peace, cvm.

riles'ce arty diantifaature§ were Aourishing, and only A
gradual Abolition was called for: Yet now; when the
Country is involved in a War-that requires all our re 3
sources and our commerce is embarraaed,an immediate
Abolition of this important part of our Trade is appli;
ed for. Under these circumstances he could nor see the
policy of such an appliCation, and 'he hoped that
verriment would interfere to proten the Merchaptss
and defeat the views of the Mover. Thte Holt. Gen_
adman had taken notice of the alarm which his Mo-
tion was likely to give to the persons concerned in
the culture of the West India Islands ; and certainly
the alarm already excited by the state of thoe Islands,
this proceeding was of a nature considei-ably to in.
crease, but about that increase perhaps the Hon.
Gentleman was very little disturbed. Indt;,ed the Hen.
Gentleman manifested a disposition in this business
still more arbitrary towards English Trade than Bona-
parte himself. The First Consul invited the Powers
of Europe to join with him in attacking us, in (mike
to partake of our Commerce ; but the Hon. Gentle-
man would deprive us altogether of one important
branch of that Commerce, in order to transfer it to
other Nations, and this at a time when every branch
of our Commerce is so much shackled. After stat-
ing that he should take other opportunities of deli:.
vering his sentiments more at large on this subject,
the Hon. Member said, that he did not think it ne-
cessary this night to put it to a division.
Mr. MANNING expressed his surprite that a
measure of so much importance as that before the
House, should have been brought forward at this
advanced period of the Session ; but yet he was per_
fatly willing to stare, that he felt the most perfect
conviction of the honourable motives which attuatcd
the Gentleman from whom it originated. He could
a..sure him, that every Proprietor of respeetability,
from Barbadoes to Jamaica, was grateful for his ex-
ertions, and felt much benefit
.from. them. With re-
sped however to the proposition for an immediateAbo_
lit ion of the Slave Trade, he begged to call to the re.
collection of the House, that by several Alts of Par-
liament, some so early as the reign of Queen El;za-
beth, British Merchants were encouraged to vest their
capital in this trade. then Parliament shoukl de-
termine on the immediate Abolition of the trade, it
would be felt,he trusted,that the Merchant,; and others
conneded with West India property, who might
lose by such a measure, were entitled to compensa-
tion. To ascertain the amount of such loss, he
thought that a Parliamentary Commission should he
appointed, and that a proposition to that effect should
accompany the Motion before the House. If Parlia-
ment hadchanged its .mind as to the expediency or j as-
rice of this traffic, it would be unjust to allow those
who had embarked their capital upon the faith of
Parliament, to suffer any pecuniary loss. He called
for this consideration upon the same principle as that
which was uniformly acted upon where any public
measure was productive of injury to the property of
individuals. As no indemnify, such as he had al-
luded to, was conneded with this Motion, and also
as he was adverse to the immediate Abolition of the
Trade which gave rise to it, he moved that the
other Orders of the Day should be then read.
The Motion being put,

Mr. WILBERFORCE rose to state, that his Mo.
tion did not refer to the immediate-Abolition of
the Slave Trade, and that the. time for that desirable
event was to be considered in a CoMmittee upon
the Bill, and not in the present state of proceeding.
Mr. DEVAY NES asserted, that the Country was
as well governed, and the laws as fairly administer-
ed, on the Coast of Africa, as in England. The
Hon. Member added, in vindication of the Slave
Trade, that he had had a conversation with one of
the African Kings, who told him, that if the slave
merchants did not purchase from him and others,
their prisoners taken in ‘var, those ptisoners would
be killed.

Mr. Will. SMITH, adverting to the description
he had before given of the law of the African
Princes, &c. said, that he quoted that description
from the evidence adduced by the Hon. Member
who had last spoken and his friends. He contrasted
some parts of the description, and particularly the
statement that the prisoners of war, if not bought
by the Slave aotters, would be murdered, with the
declaration, notwithstanding, of the Hon. Gentle-
man, that those African States were as well govern.
ed, and their laws as well administered as in this
CLtintry.
Sir JYM. GE .4 Rl' thought, that from motives of
humanity the total and immediate Abolition of this
Trade should he resisted ; because, if the proposi-
tion were adopted, he was very much afraid that
the effed would be to transfer the "Trade to other
Nations, through whom the same miseries would be
induced to Slaves, of which the House had heard so
much, and against which such prOvisions had been
made by the benevolent exertions of the Hooour,,i;le
Mover of the proposition before the House.
Mr. ADDINGTON said, he should support. the
Amendment, but on different grounds from those
stated by the Hon. Gentleman who moved it. The
Abolition of the Trade, which formed the subject of
the Debate, he always congidered not as a question
of expediency, but as a question of pradicability ;
and in that view, if the Motion had been for the
appointment of a Committee to consider of the
means for the Abolitioo of the Slave Trade, it should
have had his concurrence ; but as it stood, he must
vote against it, because he felt that it would be im-
possible to carry it into execution. So contrary was
the mode of proceeding proposed to the accomplish.
meat of the objed in view, that he was persuaded,
should a Bill be founded on the Resolution described
by the Hon. Member who opened the Debate, such
Bill must be repealed before the Trade could be
abolished.

Sir ROBERT BUXTON spoke in favour of the Mo.

lion.

The CHANCELLOR ef tbe EXCHEQUER said,
that if the Motion before the Houk were for the
immediate Abolition of the Slave Trade, he should
have no hesitation in giving it his warmest support,
because he thought the first moment for abolishing
that inhuman traffic would be the best. Never-
theless, he was ready to support any proposi-
tion that' cluld approximate with that desirable
"event. He would lea a satisfadion in any mea..
sure that tended even to a gradual Abolition. To
this he understood must Gentlemen who had, on a
former occasion, delivered their sentiments, to be
friendly, and with the views of such Members the

Mr. WILBERFORCE said, that he bad only
intended w
_express his opinion', and moved the
House to agree with him on-the general question.
The Committee would afterwards dezermwe as to
any particular term.
The CHANCELLOR of tale EXCHEQUER. ex-
pr6sed himself decidedly in favour of the measure
Of Abolition At any rate. He' wished. to see the

" In case of a minority of the EmpEaort, there shall be a
Regent of the Empire ; he is a minor till the age of 13 years,
complete. Females are excluded from the Regency. The
Reigning EMPEROR may previously appoint a Regent from
among the French Prince. In default of such appointment,
the Regency shall be given to the Prince nearest in degree of
consanguinity. No Organic Sen,...t CoQr7t/tum can be issued
during the Regency,nor before the end of the third year which
shall follow the majority. There shall be a Council of
Regency, composed of the Titularies of the Great Dignities
of the Empire. The Regent shall not be empowered to de-
clare War: or make Feacc, till after a deliberation in the
Council of Regency, of which the Members in that case
only shall have deliberative voices. The Guardianship of
the Era CEROR in his Minority shall be confided to his Mo-
ther, or, in default of her, to the Prince appointed by the
Predecessor of the EMPEROR who is a Minor.
" The titularies of the great dignities of the Empire are
the Great F.leetor, the Arch Chancellor of the Empire, the
Arch Chancellor of State, the Arch' Treasurer, the Con-
stable, and the High Admiral. They shall be nominated by
the Emperor, and they shall enjoy the same honours as the
ne.cch P,rinces4 and rank immediately after them ; they
»hall be ScnatorS and Councillors of State ; they shall form
the great Council of the EMPEROR, they shall be Members of
the Privy Council, they shall compose the Great Council of
the Legion of lioour, they shall be irremovable. Senator-
ries shall be attached to each of the great Dignities of the
Empire, they shall be established in t)le Departments of the
Dyle, the Gironde, the Rhone;thci Po, the Lower Loire, and
the Mouths of the Rhone.
There shall be Great Officers of the En-171.re; r Marshal
of the Empire, chosen from among the moit distinguished
Generals, Generals, 28 Inspe6tators and Coloncls-Central of Artillery,

Died, of 'a fever; on the 7th intant, at Newcastle-
tipon-Tyne, Lieut. SANIU EL Goocx, of His Md.
jcsty's Armed Ship Providence.

LONDON : Printed by BUCHANAN M`MILLAN, (of now- ,tre,-t, ; anti l'utols,llcti by Scittprt,lOt South Molton-street, Grormuir-square);
At the 5u.3.0541c5, No z where 4
;he uaper, Letteri'flir the Editor, &c. (Aost.paid), must i:se addressed,
. ; I"
—ve r 1;

FOOLS, MAY 2S. , itlififai
Arrived—the Lord Nelson, Fleure, from ferse_nq fro'
Bartlett,' from Teigrunouth ; Reliance, Millwv--1011.
Newfoundland -, and Mary, Thatchcll, from WeYIII"A OW
Sailed—the Elizabeth and Margaret, Richardson, an',l fa
nor, lackson, for Sunderland ; and Hope, Netherwoo",
London. St x
GRAVESZSID, MAY 29. Sir Vol
Passed by—the Henrietta, Johnson from Palau ; u
Earl
Lushington, Good ; Admiral 'Gardner, caw,'
Earl Howe, Burrows, ftom Bengal. . Wig'
Sailed—the Lion, Sampson, fur Newfoundlno:r r Nor..
munda - Croft, for Lisbon ; Polly, Cheesernall, 1° 1000
Way ; 'Charlotte Wilhelmina, Kraft, tor Elsinoreklic 100
Wilhelm, Weil, for Catwyck ; No;den, g-h. il'
Ma:ia, *---', and Vrow lant.:c4.,Megg, for EniDuCP•
BI It Til . 20iii • 1 :1t
On the 23d inst. at Edinburgh, tit.: 14(.n. Mrs*
Murray, of a Son.
__.----•••••—'1.19. .
