GRAND ROWING MATCII.

A grand Rowing Match took place yesterday, for a prize
wherry, given by Gentlemen Amateurs, and the Inhabi-
tants of the Parishes of St. John and St. Margaret, West-
minster, to be rowel for by eight pair of oars, three heats.
The two first boats of the first and second heats to start
for the third heat. To start from Westminster Bridge,
row round the centre arch of Vauxhall Bridge, down the
Middlesex "shore, round Whitehall stairs, and bail to the
prize wherry, at Westminster Bridge. The two first boats
of the first heat were Jones and Howel, and the two bro-
thers Howels. The second heat_ Was won by Bannister
and Chandler, Holmes and Campbell being second. The
third heat,- at starting, Bannister and Chandler took the
lead, closely followed' by Jones and Howel. In turning
the centre arch of Vauxhall Midge, Holmes, and Camp-
bell shot a-head, and maintained their superiority through-
out, the match.—The boats came in as follows:

John Holmes
Pink .
William Campbell
William Jones
} Scarlet
William Howel

Thomas Howel 't
White 3
James Howei 3
Get rsre Bannister
} Yellow 4
Charles Chandler
It was the best match we have witnessed this seanin,
and was won by a boat's length.

FASdION'AULF. AND MISCELLANEOUS.

WINDSOR, JULY 30.—His MAJESTY will
take his accustomed drive to Virginia Water this afternoon,
and remain to dir-ier. The Queen of WeRTEMBERG paid
a visit to the KING this forenoon, at the Royal Lodge.
The. ne'ghbouring Nobility and Gentry still continue to
leave their names at Frogmore Lodge. Among them we
noticed—The Duke of Leeds, E'arl and Countess Harcourt,
Lord Ravensworth, Lord D'Harcourt, Lord Clanwilliam,
Viscount Ashbrouk, the Hon. Miss Flowers, and Major
Howard Vyse.

Prince LEOPOLD gave a grand dinner to a
numerous party yesterday, at Marlborough House; among
the company were his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussrx,
the Prince of LEININGEN, Prince GORTCHAKOFF, Prince
CIA OZETROERTENSKI, the Duke of LEINSTER, the
Earl of CARLISLE, the Right Monourable Sir CHARLEs
STUART, Sir JAME SCARLETT, Sir GEORGE TALBOT, &C..

Mr.. CANNING left the, seat of the. Duke of
DEVONSHIRE, 'at Chiswick, about ten o'clock yesterday
morning, for the Royal Lodge, in Windsor Park, on a visit
to the King.

Viscount DUDLEY-arrived in town yesterday
Morning fiotn the seat of the Earl of EESI:X, at Cashiobury
Park, Herts. The Noble 'Viscount was engaged during a
great part of the day at the Foreign Office. His Lordship
transacted official business with the Count n'OrAraa (who
has lately arrived in this country on a special Mission from
the King of SPAIN), the Count de VILLA REAL (the new
Portuguise Minister, who has also lately arrived in this
country), tile Marquis de PALMELLA, the Portuguese Am-
bassador, and the Principal Secretary of the French
Embassy.

Prince' LEOPOLD attended Divine Service
on Sunday at St. Philip's Chapel, Regent-street.

The Marquis CAMDEN and. his son, the Earl
of BRECKNOCK, arrived on Friday last at the Priory,
Brecon.—Shrewsbury Chroniee.

Mr. WiLmoT HoRToN, family, and suite
arrived here en Monday afternoon, by the Milford packer.
After refreshing themselves at SHANAHAN'S Commercial
Hotel,"Mall, and after walking through our streets, the
party proceeded to. Beshorough house, county Kilkenny, or:
a vkit to Lord DUNCANNON. They purpose, we under-
stood, to pay a visit to the Lakes of Killarney.— Water-
ford :Mirror:
The Archbishop of ,CANTERJ3VRY has left
his Palace at Lambeth, for his seat at Addington, Surrey.

Despatches were received yesterday at the
Office of the Secretary of State for Colonial Affairs, from
the different Governors of the West India Islands.

Ii is said that the Duke of WELLINGTON it
expected to visit Edinburgh about the middle of Septembe;.
—Edinburgh Evening Courant.

Arrived at Gibb's Hotel—The Right Hon..
Earl of Carnirvon, the-Hon. Edward Herbert, the Hon.
Miss Heriot • Herbert, the Right Hon. Lord Torphichen,
Lady Toi-phiehen, Hon. Sandilands ; J.. 1). Aubert,
Esq., 111i,s•Anbert, and. Mies E. A übert J. R. Wliitter,
R. Sanders, Esq.; J. Pitt, Esq., C. Pitt, Esq;
F. E. Pearson, Esq., 'C. Pearson, Esq., Colonel Milfore
Sutherland, John Sutherland, Esq., L. Gerrard, Esq.,
Adam Trotter, Esq., John Forbes, Esq. and Mrs. 111.
Forbes; John Botoler, Esq., Captain James M'Queen, C.
An6llo,.Esq.-

Set off from the same place7—The Most
NobletheMarqUis and Marchioness of Bute, the Right Hon.
Lord Viscount Arbuthnot, Sir.W. Houston, H. C. 8., Lieut.
HouSton, Grenadier Guards, Captain Carmichael, Capt.
Gordon, Major: Delancey; Joshua Williamson, Esq., Capt.
G. M. Jones, J. R; Atkins, Esq., F. E. Thomas, Esq.,
College' Green, Dublin, Charles S. Shore, Esq., John
Morison, 11.94., Alexander Morison, Esq., George B. Reise,
Esq. and Lady, Miss Reise, abd Miss Boyle, R. H. Nivens,
Esq., Joseph P. • Smith, Esq., John P. Smith, Esq.,
-David Armstrong, Esq.—Edinburgh Observer.

1 ARRIVAL OF HIS R. IL THE DUKE OF
CLARE7:7I-- 7 PEMBROKE DOCK,
LAtams or THE CLARE CE 84-ars smr.

*Monday, the day appointed for the arrival of
his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, Lord
High Admiral of England, .at Pembroke Dock.,
the Castlemartin Yeomanry Cavalry, commanded
by George Bowling, Esii. assembled at Pen:-
broke, for the purpose of forming an escort for
his Royal Highness from the Dock-yard t 6
Stackpole Court, the residence of the Right
Hon. Lord Cawdor. At one o'clock, the whole
Marched into the yard, and formed in line a
nearly opposite the landing-place as the ground
would admit of.

After a lapse of some hour's, is o.
were discovered at the harbour's mouth, one dis-
playing the Royal Standard at the masthead,
which were soon discovered to be thoSe convey-
ing her Royal Highness the Duchess of Clarence
from 'llfracombe. On passing Milford the dif-
ferent vessels off that place fired a salute, and on
their near approach to the Yard, the Crocus
brig of war fired a royal salute of 21 guns.=
About four o'clock her Royal Highness de-
scended from the steamer into the Royal Barge,
manned by a selected crew of Warrant Officers,
and landed under another royal aalite from the
Crocus. She was received on shore by Sir
John Owen, Bart., the Lord- Lieutenant for
the County, the Right Hon. Lord Cawdor,'Sir
W. W. Wynne, Sir. Christopher Cole, M.P.,Bsc.
The troops sainted on her passing to the car-
riage of the Right Hon. Lord Cawdor, and on
her entering it accompanied by the Princess
Carloffand the Hon: Miss Fitzclarence. The
second and third divisions Of the cavalry then
formed themselves bat° an escort for her Royal
Highness, 'second division in front, Lieut.
Paynter, and Cornet Mansel riding alongside,
and the third division in the rear of the carriage,
which moved on at a rapid rate, until it arrived
at Bush Gate, where it was met by the Body
Corporate 'of Pembroke, in full costume, atten-
ded by an immense number'of the townspeople, -
bearing flags, &c. Thence the cavalcade pro 7
ceeded in, regular order, at a slow rate, to the
foot of the- Green, where the horses were taken
from the carriage, and the populace drew it
through the town, where several triumphal
arches were erected, . amidst cheering and the
firing of cannon, until it reached the east end.
At the east end the horses were put to, and her
Royal Highness, accompanied by the escort of
cavalry, proceeded to Stackpole- court, at which
place the Royal visiter was most gracefully re-
ceived by Lord and Lady Cawdor. Among
those in attendance were noticed Lord Kensing-
ton, Sir NV. W. Wynne, Admiral Sir T. Foley,
Admiral Sir Charles Tyler, Sir C. Cole, Grant
Philips, Esq., and Captain Philip's, of Cwm-
gwilly. As soon as the Duchess had 'quitted
the carriage, a discharge of cannon took place ;
and on her retiring into the house, the cavalry
returned to Pembroke, to partake of a dinner
provided at the Dragon Inn, at the expence of
Lord Cawdor, who, in the most handsome man-
ner, directed that: each member might be sup=
plied with a bottle of wine : eighty-two ' sat
down to dinner on this occasion. At twelve
it was ascertained that the Royal Yacht had
arrived off the Dock-yard, whence a de-
tachment of cavalry was ordered to pro-
ceed, to ascertain the movements of his Royal
Highness ; they, however, soon returned with
the information, that he would not land
until three o'clock on Tuesday evening. At
that hour they met and drew up on the same
around as they had occupied on the previous
day. At five his Royal Highness landed from the
Crocus brig, the yards of which and those of the
Royal Yacht being manned, a sight that few in
that neighbourhood had- before witnessed. On
his landing he was met by the Body Corporate
and welcomed to Pembroke , he then, accom-
panied by some. Naval Officers, left the Yard, by
the water-gate, and,examined.the Old Fort; he
then proceeded .along shore to the Royal
William, thence to the different ships building.
In about half an hour his Royal Highness came
out in his own carriage, and accompanied by the
Ist and 2d troops 'of Cavalry, proceeded at a
gallop towards Pembroke. At the Bush-gate
the carriage was met by the townspeople, and an
attempt was made to take out the horses, but his
Royal Highness requested,they would not do so'
until they had descended the hill. Captain
Lloyd, R.N. assured
.his Royal Highness that
.no mischief could occur, as
.he had provided 40
able seamen for the express purpose. -
On reaching the foo' of the Green, 21 guns
were fired from the timber-yard of Mr. • John
Russell, the horses were disengaged from the
carriage, and the ropes fixed, when the procession
advanced at a slow pace, giving every person art
opportunity of seeing his Royal Highness. At
the east end the horses were put too, and moved
off at a gallop, accompanied by the main body of
of the cavalry, to Stackpole Court Directions
were then given to assemble at Stackpole at four
on Wednesday. Early on that day a fresh order
arrived, requiring the attendance of the escort at
an earlier hour, it being her Royal Highness's
wish to inspect Pembroke Castle. Her Royal
Highness was led to the carriage by Lord Ken-
sington, and on the Princess Carloff, the Hon.
Miss Fitzclarence, and Lady Cawdor being safely
seated therein, drove off for Pembroke. After ex-
amining the Castle, with which they appeared.
much gratified, they proceeded to the Dock-yard,to witness that most interesting sight, the La-u nch
OadienbeSehnipcal. leTdit'ihsesGhiolpiafrh°,nb'uth...,, honour-
a) na in
med Thee 1
-dying of
of her Royal Highness, was this d
t(ifh e an
8 keel, 4
Clarence, her Royal High rue...s goi •
ng through
the ceremony of christening her. Soon after her
Royal Highness had entered the Yard (about a
quarter past. six) this fine ship glided majesti-
cally into her destined element, cheered in her
course by. at least 20,000 persons, without any
accident whatever occurring. It certainly, says
our Correspondent, was as fine a launch as was
ever witnessed, and, the novelty of having a Royal
Yacht, two brigs of• war, several cutters, and
craft of every description, added much to the
beauty of the scene. Immediately after • the
launch, their Royal Highnesses landed from the
Comet steamer, and having entered their car-
riage,. drawn by the Right Hon. Lord ,Cawdor's
beautiful stud, an attempt was made by the:me-
chanics of the • Yard to disengage them, and
draw the carriage out of the Yard. This , his
Royal Highness would not consent to, and the
Royal party then proceeded at full gallop until
they reached Stackpole Court. Weathderstand,
his Royal Highness is much. pleased with the
Dock-yard, as a naval arsenal. It was nearly
low water when he arrived in his yacht off the
yard.—Cambrian. .

In the small, but neat and retired churchyard
of Montford, Shropshire,' lie the remains of
fourteen persons, whose united ages amount to
•one thousand two hundred . and five years ; all
buried within a few years of each other.

~~'

Plgatitglameeserss-rrsorr.'" ';','""•-=___..____,_.
~ . - . . . . ..
' --:'-'---------7.--' „--___-_------, - - , ,/ -, - - , • ' 2 -
------,-.- - - ,
'
. - • , s,
, •
,-- .
. ' '
1,1
11
_
SPIRIT OF TITAI=I43IILaIC, JOUR greatest NALS. it not here that we discover the aggraya
_ fatal to the inquiry as soon as he had read the called on to replenish what is already full? Show COMMISSION OF LUNACY. LONDON MARKETS.
tion of the otherwise intolerable evil ? By this record, and it did not surprise him ;in fact, he us a condition in life similar to that of Adam --
We yesterday communicated to our readers . Yesterday a Commission was held at the PRICE OF BREAD.
coalition the apocryphal passages of Mr. Can- should have been more surprised if the record, and Eve, in respect of bodily wants, and we The highest price of Bread in the Metrodolis• is 91id, far the
two very important facts : one, the secession of • , -
that
Lproit. There are others who sell from lid. to 21.6 d nelof
mugs speech upon the Portuguese question are like most of the records which came through the shall ackuowledge the authority of the command Gray's Inn Coffee-house, for the purpose of in-
. the able and active Pacha of Egypt from the
. restored to the canon. But this is not all; those
e,
hands of Coroners, had not been of less value given to there, though, even then, with their de- quiring whether Mrs. Marianne Martin, widow WHITECHAPEL HAY MARKET.-July 23.
dominion of the Porte ; the other, the negotia- apocryphal passages which, if' they- ever deserved than the parchment on which it was written." generate offspring, it would be a question whe- of - Martin, Esq. of Whitehall-place, West- flay---..- 80s. Od. to 120 s. (Id. 1 Clover - 955. lid. to 1475. g
Straw -.405. Od. to 48s. Od.
tion for peace between Brazil and Buenos-Ayres. to be called apocryphal, detract much from the The plain English of the matter we take to be, tiler they mtg. ht not properly wait until they had
Sussex Ditto 3/. 12s. 41: lils.. to 4/.. 45..
PRICES OF HOPS (per Cwt.)-July 30. ,
Of the first fact there is no doubt, and its im- minster, was of unsound mind. An extraordi-
value of Mr. Canning's eloquence-since they that it was wished to let the man off, and yet wit to guide, as well as food to nourish, a family, Kent Pockets.-.-------- 41. 4/ 10s to 41 15s
portance is too obvious to require any lengthened .
pi ove that some dozen or so of gentlemen be- have the semblance of a public trial. Witnesses, before they acted on it.-Nero Times. nary experiment was tried with respect to the
Farnham Ditto, Fine
Essex Ditto ..,-.,..i
ns 34 15s. 4/. 4s. to 41. 10s.
• discussion. The second piece of intelligence is l •
101 l in to the . daily Press can rapidly compose were probably kept back from the Grand Jury, unfortunate person who was the subject of tbe
-seconds -....- 0/. Os. 41. 4s to 5/. 10s.
0/. Os. 51. 12*. to 61 10s.
not quite so certain ; but it is probable that the passages as fervid and e oquent as any that Mr. as it was known that the objection to the. 1 POLICE INTELLIGENCE. commission. She was brought into the room Kent Bags- ..- 3/. ss. Si. 16s. to 4/. 4s.
Sussex Ditto _ ..- 24 16.5. 3/. ss. to 31. I2s.
efforts of the British Ambassador at Buenos- CannTug can speak-are not merely restored to the Coroner's record would secure the end in view. where her deceased husband lay in his coffin, for Essex Ditto .......- 3/. Os. 3/. 10s. to 3/. I6s.
.
Ayres, and the expensive and fruitless nature of contemplation of Foreign Governments-but We wish the fate of offenders were less in the BOW-STREET.-A journeyman boot-maker, named . Old Duty laid at £115,000.
„..
the contest, may have led to a result which is Chambers, residing in Wickham-court, Wych-street, was the purpose of ascertaining what effect the shock
PRICE OF
07.0POTAES.-July 30.
they are restored. with a context altogether new. hands of Coroners, and Attornies, and Counsel, New Ware ----- tics.
to 0/. Bs. per cwt.
clearly demanded by the true interests of both The former context was the temperate and states- so that the omitting of a letter, or some other •
charged with having nearly murdered a woman, named (if any shock should take place) might have upon
Middlings --.....------ 0/. 4s. to 4s. 6d.
Godby, with whom he cohabited. It appeared that the her mind. . ditto.
the belligerents. Nor would the advantage of man-like speeches of Lord Liverpool and Lord trick equally disgraceful to English Law, should PRIGS OF LEATHER.
Butts.-..... 50 to 561 b..... 19 21 Tanned Hrirsereltliides... 13 15
• -
this peace be felt alone in South America. By
Bathurst-the context to which Foreign Govern- not be a ready means of conferring favours.- prisoner and the woman were continually quarrelling. On
Saturday night he beat her in a dreadful manner, and on The Commissioners were Messrs. Evince, Per lb. d. tad. d. to 4.
Wellfit, and Phillimore.
affording to , Don Pedro the opportunity of ments will now refer are the speeches upon fo- Ibid. Sunday he renewed his ill treatment. He first beat her Ditto---60 to 661 b- 22 23 Sploish Ditto -.n 20
sailing to Europe, it would diminish the hopes reign policy of Mr. Brougham, Lord Lansdovvn, with his strap, and then struck her over the head, back, Mr. Twrss stated, that Mrs. Martin was the I,?i"ssl"g 1-116e.8'w'w""' 13 16 Per dozen.
Fine Coach Hides -- 16 18 Calf Skins- 26 to 401 b, 18 25
t 5
and paralyze the efforts of the Portuguese rebels, FBd F. ur. ett.-Mr. Canning is, we believe, the 1 i 1 two 'metes.
It would appear, from rumours lately circa- and sides with the poker, until he broke it in • •
iatee oy private letters from Sierra Leone, that Some persons then interfered, and the poor woman was daughter of a gentleman of fortune, of the name Cmp Hides, 35 to 401 b. 14 14 Ditto --... 50 to 701 b, 24 2;
Ditto --,......45 to 501 b. l 5 174 Ditto 70 to 801 b. - -
Sirof Beville, who resided at Canterbury. From Date --17 i 14 Small Seals, Greenland 18 li'
who, in the full confidence that the Emperor first Foreign Minister of England who ever felt found lying on the floor weltering in her blood, which was -
was too deeply involved in hostilities to leave himself bound
to correct by the pen the reported Government has determined to abandon that flowing profusely from a wound in the head. her early days, she. had been weak in her Intel- RAW HIDES. •
rer Stone s d, to s. d.
Brazil, have ventured to trample his Charter excesses of the tongue ;heis of course quite fit Colony. Really we think it is high time that The surgeon's certificate stated, that the woman had a lects, but not by any means as imbecile as she Best Heilie'rs & Steers 2.10 3 4 OrdinaPerry
Stone. s. d. to s. 0;
under foot, and to denounce him as an abdicated to be the Prime Minister of
England,
and to be such a grave for Europeans should Ce abandoned. rib broken on each side, and other hurts in various parts
-that she was apparently doing well at present, but that now was. Two months after her father's death middling,
and • d him at
Downs-- Os. Od. tSo
2 6 2 8 Mai ket Calf 1 0 -eac2h.
go
coos.
OEdP. I SKINS.
Lal
ts i-
monarch, while the conditions of his abdication henceforth corrected and restrained and subdued The only people who have profited by it were a a was very uncertain whether she would continue so as it she eloped with
Mr. Martin, married
are still unperformed. The Moniteur insinuateswas probable that inflammation would take place, in which
in his occasional exuberances few E 1. hmerchants •and - - • ••
by the moderation ng is trading to it, one' • Gretna Green. He settled the whole of her pro- Polled _ Os. Ott. coos, Od.
Is. 4d. to 2s. CO.
that Don Pedro will not think it expedient to of al
. r. Brougham and the mildness and wisdom house in particular, which, from first to last, has case she would be in danger. perty, amounting to about 10,000/. 0rt12,000/. COAL MAR KET.-Kily 30.
Adair's - 325. Od. Walls End Newmarch- 345. Od.
risk the possession of his Brazilian Empire for of S' F • Sir repels Burdett.-Morning Post. Cleared, we believe, a very large sum of money in The prisoner expressed great sorrow for what had upon her, and it was for the Jury to say whether Beaumont -30 6 Liddell's Trader 30 0
happened, and said she had often given him a beating, and , Eighton Man--.--.... 29 6 Tanfiel 1 Trader 32 0
the sake of consolidating the liberty of Portugal.she was capable of managing her own affairs,
the shape of commissions of 21 or 5 per cent., Heaton ...........---...-. 35 0 Londonderry small -18 0
•
Thepublic have for some time been prepared 2 only a fortnight ago she cut his head open. On Saturday and
The conduct of the. Emperor will doubtless we know not which ; for what is, called head night he was tired, and wanted to go to bed, and she said from what period (if she was from any) Hebburn Main ...........- 33 3 Lambton small .---, 17 0
Holywell,„ --- 32 0 Pelaw Primrose Nutt -24 0
for the step which the Pacha of Egypt has at competent. Killingworath --.. 33 3 Cowpe cox----- 28 0
depend upon his own view of the relative state money, or salvage for negro slaves captured and she would beat him if he did, and so he gave her a dressing. Old Walker.,-.......-- 32 8 Cuba 25 0
of the two countries. He has boldness and length taken. Fear only could have kept him so liberatedunder S a Statute by virtue of which few
-He was remanded for days. . The witnesses who were examined proved,
Ord's Redhugh --- 29 0 Elgin Main 34 0
energy enough not to be deterred by ordinary long submissive ; for the military operations Government pays so much for ever .1 y s ave cap- . ~
MARYLEBONE.- William Brown, a footman in the that from 1823, Mrs. Martin had been unable Tanfield M00r...---- 32 6 Hartley 3O 0
Townley.----- 31 3 Fordel Main...-. 35 6
Whitehead of Balham-hill w
service of Mr. , , , as charged to conduct the affairs of her house ; that she was wysas,
perils and difficulties ; and his love for the against the Greeks must have been undertaken lured. We do not know the exact I -_-____ 32 0 Llangenteth C0a1........... 42 0
sums but we with robbing his master of plate, to the amount of upwardsWallsEndßewicke&Co. 36 0 Marquis Main --. 26 0
xceedingly fond of dress • and, when the key
- Charter of his own dictation will operate in by him with great reluctance. We are inclined understand that 30/. is allowed
for an adult male, of 2001. Theprisoner entered Mr. 'Whitehead's service e - .33 0
aid of the natural tenacity of his character. to believe that the defection of the Pacha and the 20/ for adult female, and li-il for child 47,Wednesday Sunday . . an • - . a O. on Just, and on morning at an early A
Was left in the otawers, would wear those not Ditto Carr and Co.-- 31 0 Russell's Ly n's 2 6
t Ditto Clarke and Co. -30 9 Walls End ae .--.'
3' 0
non-
-We have already expressed an opinion, Treaty of the Allied Powers are intimately con- either sex, Thus we will, for the sake of arau- hour, he left the house with the plate in his possession. adapted for the sec nn. She was, however, lively Ditto Hotspur :_t2 0 Ditto. '
Northumberland 32 6 D' Lambton[-.... 37 0
that as far as regards the. interests of Portugal, netted ; and that European diplomacy has had inert, suppose that a sinle captured b Yesterday morning he was apprehended by Stowell, an and good. humour4d, spoke of balls and dances, Di!. nr.;
• • Dkr.).,.,..t I's-. er
a 35 3 1/1= ktrwni:rt's -gl --(t)
slave-ship officer, at hie lodgings in Great Chesterfield-street. Six-of her with Mr. She was Ditto Russell's and - 36 3 Russell's Hetton'sW. E. 36 9
the appearance Of .Pedro -in his native country no small share 'in the determination of the Ruler contains five hundred unfortunate Africana, and teen spoons and other articles were found in his hat, and Ships at market, 127--••-Ships sold, 4N-Uosold, 79%.
also in the habit of looking out of the window in
would be of infinite utility in quelling rebellion, of Egypt. The miserable end of Ali Pacha, of that they average 201. a-head, there would be the remainder in his apartments. He was committed.
her night clothes ; of,thiding glasses, cloths, can- IRISH MARKETS.
DUBLIN MARKET NOTE-Fain.tv, July 27.
system, which is .oily rejected because the `vii- doubts and apprehensions. Whatever we, in be *(1 b Government to those 11. ' pal y our s ips coin- watchman of the name
of JohnGallsgher, was brought to dies, and other insignificant articles, among her From To
fulness of party-malignity ,will not allow its liene this part of the world, may think of the T arks,
parries, or crews of any vessels belonging to the this Office yesterday, in a dreadful state, her face besmeared clothes, and would throw an immense quantity of 292 Wheat, per barrel 20 stone 26 0 28 0 81 84.
10 Bete 16 stone 12 0 25 0 12 Us
fits to be understood or developed. At the same it is impossible to doubt that a Power which has • Royal Navy, which should be so fortunate as to with gore and her head covered with wounds. coals on the fire, to the danaer of burning the
news 0 Barley, 16 stone - 0 - 0 - 0
1 722 Oats ltsstone 10 0 18 0 11 7g
Mary Simpson, of 5, Tash-court, Gray's Inn-lane and house. If she took up a paper, she would ,
time, we admit "that the people of Brazil may subsisted so long, and respecting which there t
cap tore these five hundred slaves, worth 10,000/.10,175 Cwt. Flour.---- 9 stonel 7 0 24 0 - 0
another woman were t t the b Ow charged •1► (mating' , . e put o e bar, ge wit i read it without minding the limits of the column, 452 Oatmeal -...-.-- 11 stone! 12 0 20 0 13 64
not sympathise with the Emperor's wishes, or are so many historical recollections, must have a to such captors. Now the profit on such - I Sold to Bakers linty.
sanction his efforts, for the benefit of their trans- strong hold of the people throughout the Otto-
sal vage to the house in London, in the shape of man, was on duty in Tash-court, on Sunday night, and tenl start off upon the subject of the boarding- 8,22.2 Cwt. Flour... ..-........1 It 0 25 0 17 84
Average price of Wheat and Flour 455. Od. per sack.
Atlantic brethren : advantage might possibly he man dominions. Reliason too, aunt be taken commission for receiving •1 1 g the said 0,000/. or
f h'M d ' b
is wife went to the court on the on ay morning, e- school in which she had been educated, and ap- irsts,
Relic ,Receipts of Flour, 7,1911
,
taken of his absence to assimilate the Govern- into account ; for agood Mussulman can hardly be the captors, and making distribution of the tween ten and eleven o'clock, and. inquired for her husband pear to be wholly unconscious of what she had Sales of Do. 10,775 Seconds, - from 14s. Od. to 19s. 06.
Thirds,-- from 7s. Od. to 13.5. Od.
at the house of Mrs. Simpson, who keeps a green grocer's been reading ; she used to call her cook aunt and PRICE of BREAD.
inert of Brazil to the Republics with which it is indifferent with regard to the fate ofthe Sovereignty ,
~ same, would be 2501. at 2i per cent., and 500/. shop. Mrs. Simpson said the husband was not there, but Quartern Loaf, 4th. 50z... SM. Half.quartern, 21b. 2oz. 444 d.
on every side encompassed ; but this is a ques- of the Sultan ; and the Ruler of Egypt, though at 5 per cent. commission. We still further put m i rs. Gallagher insisted on going in. Mrs. Sampson, with grandmother.
tion entirely bet Ween the Emperor and his sub- aided by European Officers and European disci-
the possible-nay probable case, that in the twi, or three female friends, and two men, were enjoying The Commissioners cross-examined the wit- Wheat, Barley. Oats. I Flour, per cwt.
per barrel per barrel per barrel) r---.A.- ,
jects. In whatever way that problem, started by pline, is still secured by Mahometans. As long course of the' year ten such , captures be themselves at that early hour, and she did not wish to be nesses, for the purpose of discovering what' had
20
stone. 16 stone. 14 stone. Ist. 2d.
----
interrupted by Mrs. Gallagher. It did not appear that been the conduct of Mr. Martin towards his un-
the Illoniteur, may be solved, the political int- as he remained the Officer of the Porte he could made, in which cage the commission • the.d. a s.d. s. d. as. d. s.d.as.d. s. 6. as. d. e. d. as. d.
l was there at the time, but his wife insisted on fortunate - 286- 00 12 9-13 8 130-160 18 0-20 015 0-18 0
They stated, that she was
portance of the event will be as nothing, con- count upon the obedience of his Mussulman London house, acting as agent for the goingGallagher'•Limerick 27 0-30 0 00- 00 15 4-16 6183- 0 012 0-15 0
andabused M Simpson keeping
in,
treated by all the house as a mere child ; that Waterford 28 0-31 616 0-18 012 6-13 017 0-17 612 6-15 0
pitted With the advantage of a tranquil and esta- troops ; but it was not so certain that a declare- captors would derive, would, at 21 per cent., from his home. Mrs. Gallagher was jealous, it was Belfast- 26 0-28 016 0-19 015 9-17 618 6-23 014 6-16 0
Martin never went to see her or to con-
"( 1 and could not be appeased; and Mrs. Simpson Mr. Clonmel -.30 0-21 8 00- 00 16 4-17 615 -16 614 0-16 6
• blished Government in Portugal, whose distraction of independence would not enlist their pre- amount to 2,5001.,at 5 or per cent., 5,000/. per •san ,
put her out in the court several times, and at last verse with her ; and he used to say, if he met ''ralee...- 9 9--_9 9
_9
00:2N It 0-15 2 0 0-- 0 0 0 0- o 0
• Lions are not 'Merely pernicious to the country judiees against him. We are, therefore, strongly annum. Now here is a reward, and a tolerably struck her a blow on the head with a pewter pot. her on the stairs, " Shew this woman into her Gaarllwoway- 23; 9-32 018
0-.. V 7 16 0-17 0 19 °Of g g 16 g7-1(71 0 13 6:11 g
in which they prevail, but tend, by no very re- inclined to believe that the opportune defection decent on t f 1.1
tl WI e too or pii an tropy. len we look All the women and men then joined in the affray, d poor
an own room." In fact, he acted to her as though .. -
Beef, Mutton, Pork, Butter.
mote or indirect consequence, to embroil the of the Ruler of Egypt is not accidental; and that at such things as this, and analyse them ari ht - Mrs. Gallagher was must dreadfully beaten. She was 1 had per lb. per lb. per cwt. Ist. 2d. .4t. 5t •
no regard for her, and he always spoke
• •
greater part of Europe in dissension and war. he has been stimulated by assurancet of friend- metically, we are no longer astonished that there struck several times in the face and head with a poker by ''e
There is one other great point connected with ship and protection to take so decided, and, at has been so much ado with regard to the African Mrs- Simpson, and by the other women with the same of her as a person of weak mind. She, how-
Cork ck a (4. g. 41.46 do a ;.0(to Ldo ;.odo ~,,,ii, ;..,d 0680
poker. Gallagher, the husband, now came into the court, ever, never showed that she felt this treatment. Limerick t
.7.• ss 4 - 4+, 25 6-36 0 34 079 072 066 060 0
this subject-we mean the simultaneous eve- any other time, what would have been so slavery ! No wonder that so many meetings se - 4 24. 0- 28 086 OISI, 0-0- 0 -0,
and seeing his wife covered with blood, he attacked Mrs. When new things were brought to her, she Belfast -5 -8 5 - 8 35 0-42 093 pi- 0-0- 0 - 0
citation of SPain and Portugal by the respective hazardous a step. With respect to the opposi- have been held, and so many pathetic speeches • her '
Simpson, and pulled half-way out of the shop-win- delighted
in
them, and upon some occasions she mime" - 4 -4 4 -1 30 0-32 083 0760 66 0 .--.. 0 ••••• 0
troops of France and -England-on ,which we tion of the Turks to, the resolves of the EH- made ! No wonder that the Press was set to dow, over heaps of fruit and vegetables. At this moment Tralee,..... 0-4 0 - 4 22 0-23 0780740640 54 0 46 0
have repeatedly and so recently insisted, that we ropean Powers, it is ridiculous to attach the work and that the newspapers were crammed with Wilkins, another watchman, came up, and interfered, d use to point to her wedding dress, and say, Carlw.-- 7 0- 00890860 76 0 66 0 0
Galway-. 4 -44.1 - 5-1. 0- 00846-0- 0- 0- 0
and saved Mrs. Simpson from Gallagher's fury. Mrs. " Ah,,,1 remember when I ran away to Gretna-
____ _
need not now discuss its importance, or rather least importance to it.-Morning Chronicle. so many leaders, as well as letters, and what not !
. Simpson's party same to her assistance and attacked Gal- green. She
.would then laugh incessantly ; SCOTCH MARKETS.
necessity. We shall recur to it
.on the first fit- =No wonder that the public Journals, both in
Our readers will see, from our Report of the lagber, knocked him down, and struck him several blows she. appeared to be very fond of Mr. Martin, 1 Wheat. Barley, Oats. Beans. Oatmeal
Zing opportmuty.---7linze.s. proceedings at the Huntingdon Assizes, that tow,n and country, teemed with - appeals to the with pints and pokers, about the head and temples, and
and used to say " Martin, with all thy faults, I
sympathy of Britons !-No wonder that the press left him almost lifeless. About half-past 12 o'clock Wad- ~ Aberdeen ...-, 56 64 23 27 20 24 - -40 4m
We will not, like some of our contemporaries, the Lord Chief Baron, iu charging the Grand love thee well." They had been seen together, 8erwick......... 44. 46 - 30 23 25 - - gi 55
oared under the accumulation of tracts, re- .
dington and two other officers from Hatton-Garden, made i 024 26 40 43 - -
descend to the futile and disgusting task of al- Jury yesterday, " thought it important to direct gr their appearance, and soot, put an end to the riot. Mrs. but no affection had been manifested upon the &oilpadsrtreara - 42:81 tls,' ;(3) 315 -
lotting to the several members of the Whig- their particular attention to one of the cases ill and am hlets !-No wonder that no ex-
views, p p • .
Simpson and the other woman who struck Gallagher's part of Mr. Martin. She once said that he Dundeemfrie s - '4
V 50 60 444,10 5 0 - - - -
Canning Coalition the various shares proper to the Calendar, in which a man was charged with pense was spared to get up meetings for promot- wife with a poker, were taken into custody, but two more was very rough to her, but she never complained 2 28 26 25 26 - -
Inverness- 29 32 30 32 :t2 38 - , - -
lair
each, of that :public suspicion and odium which the crime of wilful murder. When the Bill in the " great cause. But when we exp women and two men, who were very active in the affray, , , 1 e
that he treated her as a child. Kelso .....-..., -44 46 27 30 25 26 - - - -
Kirkaldy.-- 28 30 25 31 28 20 - S 2 - --
their joint conduct has excited. It is sufficient should be laid before them it would be of the the thing in the manner we now have, we think were not taken, as they either concealed themselves, or
The medical gentlemen who were examined Perth -......-. 29 30 26 28 23 25 24
' that the ladies and gentlemen who have fie- Mrs. Calla her and her husband who were
there. :way: . e , b At Dumfries the price is given per Inishel. Berwick, Cold-
Im us and for the public to know, that they utmost irnportance to prevent the possibility of nly in tired persons, were taken to the shop of Mr. were of opinion that she was of unsound mind stream, Kelso, and Wheat at Aberdeen, per quarter. The other
could not have been brought together without a the author of this horrid crime escaping the quented these meetings, without being aware
Cousens, surgeon and apothecary, in Gray's-Inn-lane, and unable to take care of herself. They added, prices are per boll, except Oatmeal, which is per sack of 2801bs.
profligate surrender of principle ; and however punishment the offence merited ; that they of the causes by which they were brought where their woun a were dressed ; after which they came ,
d that when she was informed her husband was ill,
about, will pause a little, and reflect, when they to Hatton-garden
.office. Mrs.
.Simpson, and the other . The number of strangers at present sojourning
the aggregate of profligacy may be allotted, in should not find a Bill unless they were satisfied d l'k Ito die she l • lied "01 Ishall
• read these our remarks. "To be sure," every one woman who lives in Mrs. S.'s kitchen, were put to the an iey te, " on y iep, 1,
in the district of the lakes is unusually great; Keswick,
whatever proportions it may be distributed among the evidence would lead to a conviction of the . Gallagher,asvas and a man. of the
.soon follow him. When sire was conducted the capital of that delightful region, is literally thronged
will say, " every labourer is worthy of his hire." 'natrin
tooafnFlivnetr t werehe
charge.
sworn,
them, the whole body thus compacted for tom- accused ; because, if the party should be put onalso Gallagher's wife. into the room where he was laid out, surrounded with company ; and Grassm • A hl •
We say so too ; but do not let the world run away ate, m esale, Rawness, and
,Mott pUrpOSeS must endure in common ,the na- their , trial and from a defect of evidence an ac- The wife was quite exhausted, and scarcely able to speak. by all the paraphernalia of death, she fainted. the other favourite resorts, were never more gay than at
with the notion, that philanthropy alone has sti- She identified Mrs. Simpson ; but could not speak, when
tural consequences and, the appropriate retribu- quittal should take place, that proceeding would Mrs. Martin was then conducted into the present. On the 10th inst. a party of gentlemen, aCcona-
initiated all the labourers to make these efforts. she was questioned about the other woman. The husband anted by a guide from Keswick, paid a visit to the sem-
tion of their unprincipled union-the distrust be final. If they, the Grand Jury, should throw
_. _ room. She entered with a smile ; she spoke for P
and dislike of the country. As every interest out the Bill, and new and stronger facts tending ThatWill:erforce the o • i
Mr. , rig nator of the and Flint could only speak to Mrs. Simpson's striking the mit of the far-famed ,mountain, Skiddaw ; the strangers
unfortunate woman; ,but it did not appear that they were somerationally • minutes very , but her general 'were five in number, viz. a German, a Norwegian, a
ever of an •• ecurnar ' advan eby it
of the country is threatened by the existence of to show the guilt of any person should hereafter matter, g. .y p. y tagthe a I•a..
in the court from the beginning of ff• v demeanour confirmed the account given by the Grecian, an American, and a native of the East Indies.--•
~,/ Administration, which set out by bidding de- arise, then the party might be brought to,trial." we are far from insinuating; but it is very likely
~ . art IIII7•1, P I ~ Mr. Lam said Mrs.
.. _ . . ~
Simpson should find bail ;but he •
witnesses. Carlisle Patriot.
_ '' _ .

We yesterday communicated to our readers
two very important facts : one, the secession of
the able and active Paella of Egypt from the
dominion of the Porte ; the other, the negotia-
tion for peace between Braziland Buenos-Ayres.
Of the first fact there is no doubt, and its im-
portance is too obviouS to•require any lengthened
discussion. The second piece of intelligence is
not quite so certain ; but it is probable that the
efforts of the British Ambassador at Buenos-
Ayres, and the expensive and fruitless nature of
the contest, may have led to a result which is
clearly demanded by the true interests of both
the belligerents. Nor would the advantage of
this peace be felt alone in South America. By
affording to Don Pedro the opportunity of
sailing to Europe, it would diminish the hopes
and paralyze the efforts of the Portuguese rebels,
who, in the full confidence that the Emperor
was too deeply involved in hostilities to leave
Brazil, have ventured to trample his Charter
under foot, and to denounce him as an abdicated
monarch, while the conditions of his abdication
are still unperformed. The Moniteur insinuates
that Don Pedro will not think it expedient to
risk the possession of his. Brazilian Empire for
the sake of consolidating the liberty of Portugal.
The conduct of the. Emperor will doubtless
depend upon his own view of the relative state
of the two countries. He has boldness and
energy enough not to be deterred by ordinary
perils and difficulties ; and his love for the
Charter of his own dictation will operate in
aid of the natural tenacity of his character.
—We have already expressed an opinion,
that as far as regards the interests of Portugal,
the appearance of .Pedro -in his native country
would be of infinite utility in qUelling rebellion,
and in reconciling all classes to that improved
system, which is .only rejected because the wil-
fulness of party-malignity not allow its bene
fits to be understood or developed. At the same
time, we admit that the people of Brazil may
not sympathise with the Emperor's wishes, or
sanction his efforts, for the benefit of their trans-
Atlantic brethren : advantage might possibly be
taken of his absence to assiniilite the Govern-
ment of Brazil to the Republics with which it is
on every side encompassed ; but this is a ques-
tion entirely bet Ween the Emperor and his sub-
jects. In whatever way that problem, started by
the Moniteur, may be solved, the political im-
portance of the event will be as nothing, com-
pared with the advantage of a tranquil and esta-
blished Governinent in Portugal, whose distrac-
tions are not 'Merely pernicious to the country
in which they prevail, but tend, by no very re-
mote or indirect consequence, to embroil the
greater part of Europe in dissension and war.
There is one other great point connected with
this subject—we mean the simultaneous eva-
cuation of Spain and Portugal by the respective
troops of France and -England—on , which we
have repeatedly and so recently insisted, that we
need not now discuss its importance, or rather
necessity. We shall recur to it on the first fit-
ting opportiinity.-= Times.
We will not, like some of our contemporaries,
descend to the futile and disgusting task of al-
lotting to the several members of the Whig-
Canning Coalition the various shares proper to
each, of that :public suspicion and odium which
their joint conduct has excited. It is sufficient
far us and for the public to know, that they
could not have been brought together without a
profligate surrender of principle ; and however
the aggregate of profligacy may be allotted, in
whatever proportions it may be distributed among
them, the whole body thus compacted for corn-
nan must endure in common ,the na-
tural consequences and, the appropriate retribu-
tion of their unprincipled union—the distrust
and dislike of the country. As every interest
of the country is threatened by the existence of
an Administration, which set out by bidding de-
fiance to" principle and to-character, this is one
general arid sufficient reason why every interest
should assume a posture of defence. When
however we look at the greatest and most im-
portant interests of the country in detail, we are
struck with the number a them which must of
necessity perceive that uncompromising hostility
to the present Administration, is dictated to
them by the law of self-preservatidn. The Lan-
ded Interest—the most powerful and the most
valuable interest of the community, will inevitably
form its judgment of the present Government,
by the men who are its staunchest friends and
supporters in the two Houses of Parliament.—
The close junction of Lord King and of
Mr. W. Whitmore with all their respec-
tive disciples to the Administration of
Mr. Canning, would give the Agri-
cultural classes a pretty just notion of what they
may naturally, expect,. without the confirmation
which that notion must receive from the stre-
nuous efforts of the learned Edinburgh Reviewer,
who in his newly obtained silk gown, now exhi-
bits himself as the 'accredited mouth-piece of the
Coalition, of which he has confessedly been the
principal artificer. Another important interest
which must feel that the Government in the
hands of such a coalition is incompatible with
its safety, is that of the West Indies. The
learned Edinburgh Reviewer, so obviously con-
cerned in the formation of an Administration
for the King of England, and gratefully recog-
nized by that Administration as one of its prin-
cic' al p ro s constitutes a state of things as to
the e_aistence of which both blacks and whites
will for 4egne time be incredulous ; but the mo-
ment they do believe it, the deluded blacks will
begin to dance, and the undeluded whites will
begin to tremble. This coalition indeed augurs
well—not for the blacks, still less for the whites
in the West Indies—not for the respectable and
important body in England, whose prosperity is
dependent upon the safety and welfare of both—
not for any class of' persons, either British or
African i—it augufs
well exclusively for the fu-
ture greatness of America. Then the Church
of England—that mighty and valuable corpora-
tion, whose interests are identified with the inte-
rests, and consecrated in the hearts of every class
and degree of the people—how can it tolerate in
possession of the Government a confederacy
which avowedly seeks to amuse and delude
the people in the first instance, in order to
secure itself in the possession of power, and
then, at the first opportunity which this
amusement and delusion may afford, ito strike
at the Church a fatal blow, by admitting
to political power those who cannot be con-
scientious men, if they are not its deter-
mined. and unrelenting foes. Here there is
nothing constructive or ambiguous ; here, at
least, the coalition speaks plainly, and the coun-
try will not be inattentive to the alarming design.
These ire some of the English interestOowards
which the present Administration stands in -a po-
sition either of Undisguised or of very imperfectly
,concealed hoitility. But how, we ask, does it
stand with. respect to Foreign. _affairs ? - Is -there
Any compensation to be,found here; or rather, is

their trial, and from a defect- of evidence an ac-
quittal should take place, that priiceeding would
be final. If they, the Grand Jury, should throw
out the Bill, and new and stronger facts tending
to show the guilt of any person should hereafter
arise, then the party might be brought to,trial."
We are sorry to be obliged to infer from the
above observations, that there appears to be a
deficiency of evidence with respect to the mur-
der at Huntingdon. Of all crimes, that of mur-
der creates the greatest alarm throughout society,
and is therefore the most inimical to human
happiness ; and to the credit of the people of
this country, so universal is the abhorrence in
which this crime is held, that great exertions are
almost always made to discover the perpetrator
or perpetrators. The Judge in this case, parti-
ciptiug in the general feeling, is anxious to guard
the Grand Jury against a step which might in-
sure the escape of the person suspected of the
crime. He directs the Grand Jury not to find
a bill, unless assured that the evidence is suffi-
cient to ensure conviction. We remember the
Rev. Mr. Hay, lately the distinguished Chair-
man of the Salford Sessions, used in his charge
to the Grand Jury to tell them, to hurry through
the bills without troubling themselves with the
evidence, We believe that the general practice
of Grand Juries is in accordance with the view
taken of their duties by the Rev. Mr. Hay. But
what an idea does this give us of this boasted
institution of Grand Juries! One Judge tells
them to pay no attention to the evidence, but to
proceed with dispatch throu the bills laid be-
fore them. Another Judge, wishing to obtain
a conviction, cautions them against finding- a
bill, except on what they are assured will satisfy
a Petit Jury. The nature of-"the result wished
for by the Judge is to guide them in the man-
ner in which they shall discharge their duty.
There is no definite and intelligible course for
them to pursue. If it-is wished to bring :.per-
son to trial without delay, because a purpose is to
be answered by it—because there is a desire to fa-
vour the prisoner, and impol taut evidence is out of
the way—or if it is wished to punish him, and
a fear is entertained, that a witness, no forth-
coming, may disappear, then the Grand Jury
must find the bill,: without minutely sifting
evidence. And when it is wished to convict,
and a suspicion is entertained with.regard to the
evidence forthcoming, then the Grand Jury
must pursue another course. The Grand Jury
are, in fact, a very clumsy piece of machinery
for discharging part of the functions of the pro-
secutor , and hence the open and undisguised
manner in which they are called on to shape
their conduct in subserviency to the production
of a given result, assumed to be necessary. If
Grand Juries were what, in theory, they are
stated to be, a Judge would never think of in-
fluencing their conduct by a recital of the man-
ner in which it might affect ulterior proceedings.
He would at once tell them to be governed Toy
the evidence before them, and by that alone.
But thus it is with almost every part of
our judicial proceedings. At the Bedford
Assizes, on Saturday, a man was arraigned
on a Coroner's Inquest, for having killed another
in a pugilistic contest. The Grand Jury
had previously ignored the bill. An objection
was taken to the record of the Inquisition, be-
, cause it did not say that the wound the deceased
received had caused his death, and Mr. Baron
Garrow said, " that he saw the objection was

It would appear, from rumours lately circu-
lated by private letters from Sierra Leone, that
Government has determined to abandon that
Colony. Really we think it is high time that
such a grave for Europeans should be abandoned.
The only people who have profited by it were a
few English merchants trading to it, and one
house in particular, which, from first to last, has
Cleared, we believe, a very large sum of money in
the shape of commissions of 22 or 5 per cent.,
we know not which ; for what is. called head
'volley, or salvage for negro slaves captured and
liberated under a Statute, by virtue of which
Government pays so much for every slave cap-
tured. We do not know the exact sum, but we
understand that 301. is allowed for an adult male,
20/. for an adult•female, and 101. for a child of
either sex. Thus we will, for the sake of argu-
ment, suppose that a single captured slave-ship
contains five hundred unfortunate Africans, and
that they average 201. a-head, there would be
10,000/. premium, salvage, or head-money, to
he paid by our Government to those ships' com-
panies, or crews of any vessels belonging to the
Royal Navy, which should be so fortunate as to
capture these five hundred slaves, worth 10,0001.
to such captors. Now the profit on such slave
salvage to the house in London, in the shape of
commission for receiving the said 10;000/. for
the captors, and making distribution of the
same, would be 2501. at 2i per cent., and 500/.
at 5 per cent. commission. We still further put
the possible—nay probable case, that in the
course of the' year ten such
,captures be
made, in which case the commission the
London house, acting as agent for the
captors would derive, would, at 211; per cent.,
amount to 2,5001., or at 5 per cent., 5,000/. per
annum. Now here is a reward, and a tolerably
decent one too, for philanthropy. When we look
at such things as this, and analyse them arith-
metically, we are no longer astonished that there
has been so much ado with regard to the African
slavery ! No wonder that so many meetings
have been held, and so many pathetic speeches
made ! No wonder that the Press was set to
work and that the newspapers were crammed with
so many leaders, as well as letters, and what not !
—No wonder that the public Journals, both in
town and country, teemed with appeals to the
sympathy of Britons !—No wonder that the press
groaned under the accumulation of tracts, re-
views, and pamphlets !—No wonder that no ex-
pense was spared to get up meetings for promot-
ing the " great cause." But when we explain
the thing in the manner we now have, we think
that the ladies and gentlemen who have fre-
quented these meetings, without being aware
of the causes by which they were brought
about, will pause a little, and reflect, when they
read these our remarks. ‘4 To be sure," every one
Will say, ,4 every labourer is worthy of his Lire."
We say so too ; but do not let the world run away
with the notion, that philanthropy alone has sti-
mulated all the labourers to make these efforts.
That Mr. Will:erforce, the originator of the
matter, ever got any pecuniary advantage by it
we are far from insinuating; but it is very likely
that Mr. Wilberforce was edged .on by others,
not altogether disinterested. We think, how-
ever, that the sooner our Government gets rid
of these charnel houses at Sierra Leone, Bath-
urst, Leopold and Regent Town, the better, for
such colonies are a loss to the country, both in
a pecuniary point of view, as well as in health
and lives. The expense of maintaining a garri-
son and shipping, civil and religious establish-
ments, is not the only load to the nation ; for,
exclusively of the heavy sums paid for salvage of
captured negroes, this country had likewise
some years ago to pay about half a million of
pounds, by way of indemnity to King Ferdinand
of Spain, for the property of his subjects, in the
Shape of slaves and slave ships captured by Bri-
tish ships of war, and already amply paid for in
salvage or head-mone,y for their emancipation.
There are various other parts of the world where
the climate is good, which we could colonies, if
the principle of colonization be a beneficial one,
which we are inclined to think it is, without
such squandering of lives and property as at
Sierra Leone.—Morning Herald.

We believe there never was a writer treated
with more scurrility than Malthus. Cobbett,
whose grossness of abuse is proverbial, when on
the subject of the Essay of Population, abso-
lutely raves. " That beastly parson," is his
most dainty epithet for one of the most original
and ingenious writers of his age. Cobbett's
calling bas, in this point also, been taken up by
the Opposition Journals, who, having shown how
successfully they could vie with him in lying and
calling of names, have undertaken, with much
passion, to show themselves as ignorant and
angry as he, on this his favourite object of
ribald invective. We are satisfied, that none
of those critics ever read the book against
which they declaim. It would, otherwise, be
impossible, even for them, however they might
attempt to dissent from its doctrines, to use
such terms, in relation to a work which is
written- throughout according to the strictest
rules of the inbctive school, and breathes in all
its statements and reasonings, the finest spirit of
benevolence. What, in fact, in a very few
words, is the sum of Doctor Malthus's recom-
mendations ? " Do not marry until you can
maintain a wife." " Do not become the father
of children, until you can provide for them."
Cobbett, we must do him the justice to say, at-
tempts to deny Malthus's conclusions upon some-
thing like principle, and, in such a writer, the
semblance of it, in any way, is worth noticing; but
the Coryphmus of the opposition press goes be-
yorid Cobbett, and displays as noble a contempt
of principle on the subject of political econo-
mics, as on every other. Having read in the
Bible of a command given to Adam and Eve
to increase and multiply, and replenish the earth
—by the bye, why did he not give that com-
mand in the original Hebrew ? he thence very
learnedly concludes, that every weaver, male and
female, in Lancashire, is imperatively called on
to enter on the task of increasing and multiplying,
and replenishing,-the various factories, as soon as
they reach the years o' puberty. Now, did -it
never occur to this caviller, that no man can be

BO W-STREET.—A journeyman boot-miker, named
Chambers, residing in Wickham-court, Wych-street, was
charged with having nearly murdered a woman, named
Godby, with whom he cohabited. It appeared that the
prisoner and the woman were continually quarrelling. On
Saturday night he beat her in a dreadful manner, and on
Sunday he renewed his ill treatment. He first beat her
with his strap, and then struck her over the head, back,
and sides with the poker, until he broke it in two pieces.
Some persons then interfered, and the poor woman was
found lying on the floor weltering in her blood, which was
flowing profusely from a wound in the head.
The surgeon's certificate stated, that the woman had a
rib broken on each side, and other hurts in various parts
—that she was apparently doing well at present, but that
it was very uncertain whether she would continue so, as it
was probable that inflammation would take place, in which
case she would be in danger.
The prisoner expressed great sorrow for what had
happened, and said she had often given him a beating, and
only a fortnight ago she cut his head open. On Saturday
night he was tired, and wanted to go to bed, and she said
she would beat him if he did, and so he gave her a dressing.
—He was remanded for few days.
MA R YLEBONE. William Brown, a footman in the
service of Mr. Whitehead, of Balham-hill, was charged
with robbing his master of plate, to the amount of upwards
of 2001. The prisoner entered Mr. Whitehead', service
on Wednesday last, and on Sunday morning at an early
hour, he left the house with the plate in his possession.
Yelterday morning he was apprehended by. Stowell, an
officer, at hie lodgings in Great Chesterfield-street. Six-
teen spoons and other articles were found in his hat, and
the remainder in his apartments. He was committed.
HATTON-GARDEN.—A poor woman, the wife of a
watchman of the name of John Gallagher, was brought to
this Office yesterday, in a dreadful state, her face besmeared
with gore and her head covered with wounds.
Mary Simpson, of 5, Tash-court, Gray's Inn-lane, and
another woman, were put to the bar, charged with beating
the watchmae's wife. It appeared that Gallagher, the watch-
man, was on duty in Tash-court, on Sunday night, and
his wife went to the court on the Monday morning, be-
tween ten and eleven o'clock, and. inquired for her husband
at the house of Mrs. Simpson, who keeps a green grocer's
shop. Mrs. Simpson said the husband was not there, but
Mrs. Gallagher insisted on going in. Mrs. Simpson, with
two or three female friends, and two men, were enjoying
themselves at that early hour, and she did not wish to be
interrupted by Mrs. Gallagher. It did not appear that
Gallagher was there at the time, but his wife insisted on
going in, and abused Mrs. Simpson for keeping her husband
from his home. Mrs. Gallagher was jealous, it was
said, and could not be appeased ; and Mrs. Simpson
put her out in the court several times, and at last
struck her a blow on the head with a pewter pot.
All the women and men then joined in the affray, and poor
Mrs. Gallagher was must dreadfully beaten. She was
struck several times in the face and head with a poker by
Mrs. Simpson, and by the other women with the same
poker. Gallagher, the husband, now came into the court,
and seeing his wife covered with blood, he attacked Mrs.
Simpson, and pulled her half-way out of the shop-win-
dow, over heaps of fruit and vegetables. At this moment
Wilkins, another watchman, came up, and interfered,
and saved Mrs. Simpson from Gallagher's fury. Mrs.
Simpson's party came to her assistance and attacked Gal-
lagher, knocked him down, and struck him several blows
with pints and pokers, about the head and temples, and
left him almost lifeless. About half-past 12 o'clock Wad-
dington and two other officers from Hatton-Garden, made
their appearance, and soot, put an end to the riot. Mrs.
Simpson and the other woman who struck Gallagher's
wife with a poker, were taken into custody, but two more
women and two men, who were very active in the affray,
were not taken, as they either concealed themselves, or
ran away. Mrs. Gallagher and her husband, who -were
the only injured persons, were taken to the shop of Mr.
Cousens, surgeon and apothecary, in Gray's-Inn-lane,
where their wounds were dressed ; after which they came
to Hatton-garden Office. Mrs. Simpson, and the other
woman who lives in Mrs. S.'s kitchen, were put to the
bar to answer the charge. Gallagher, and a UMW of the
name of Flint, were sworn, as was also Gallagher's wife.
The wife was quite exhausted, and scarcely able to speak.
She identified Mrs. Simpson ; but could not speak, when
she was questioned about the other woman. The husband
and Flint could only speak to Mrs. Simpson's striking the
unfortunate woman; _but it did not appear that they were
in the court from the beginning of the affray.
Mr. LAING said Mrs. Simpson should find bail ; but he
discharged the other woman, as there was no evidence
against her. He ordered the poor woman who had been
beaten to be taken to an hospital.
Mrs. Gallagher and her husband were taken in a hack-
ney-coach to Bartholomew's Hospital, and the husband re-
turned to the office about half-past two o'clock, and in-
formed Mr. Laing that the surgeons at the hospital exa-
mined his wife's wounds, and pronounced her to be in im-
minent danger. They said if she had been taken to the
office sooner, they would have had better hopes of her re-
covery; but, as it was, they could not be certain of her life
for an hour ; at the same time they assured him (the
husband), that they would pay every ,attention to her in
her precarioUs situation.
Mr. LAING directed the husband to be sworn to the
facts stated to hint by the surgeon, and Mr. Mallett took
his deposition.
Mr. LAING then ordered Mrs. Simpson to be brought
up again en Friday next for further examination, and sus-
pended the order for allowing her to bail, until Gallagher's
wife be pronounced out of danger.
Mrs. Simpson was then removed to Clerkenwell prison.
Her husband, it appears, is also a watchman, and holds a
situation in the India House during the day. He is a man
of very good character, and was attending his business in
Leadenhall-street when this unfortunate affair took place.
Gallagher's wife:is about forty-eight years of age, and is the
'mother of thirteen children. All the parties are Irish, ex-
cept the woman, who was discharged at the office in the
absence of evidence. Mrs. Simpson's party, who attacked
Gallagher and his wife, were her lodgers. The court
streamed with blood during this shocking outrage, and the
whole neighbourhood was in the greatest consternation.
None of the people living in this court interfered, although
many of them were looking on. Wilkins, the watchman,
who interposed between Mrs. Simpson and Gallagher, when
in the presence of the Magistrate, ~only asked for compen-
sation for his coat, which was torn on the occasion ; brit
Mr. Laing told him, he (Wilkins) should sue for the price
of it.

The Jury then found, that she had been in-
sane since 1823, and was incapable of managing
her. affairs.

AWFUL PAUSE.-At a party of " good so-
ciety" in Philadelphia, not long ago, was a
young lady from B—. In the course of the
evening conversation became slack, and a pause
a few moments became unavoidable. A gentle-
man broke silence by observing,--" Awful
pause." The poor girl, who thought the obser-
vation was meant for her, spoke up rather pertly
—" Well, I guess you would have awful paws
too, if you should wash and scrub as much as I
do."—lnverness Courier.

40 4m
r)0

in the district of the lakes is unusually great ; Keswick,
The number of strangers at present sojourning
the capital of that delightful region, is literally thronged
with company ; and Grassmere, Ambleside, Rowness, and
the other favourite resorts, were never more gay than at
present. On the 10th inst. a party of gentlemen, accom-
panied by a guide from Keswick, paid a visit to the sum-
mit of the far-famed ,mountain, Skiddaw ; the strangers
were five in number, viz. a German, a Norwegian, a
Grecian, an American, and a native of the East Indies.--.
Carlisle Patriot.

ACCIDENT ON THE THAMES.--On Sunday
evening, between six and seven o'clock, an acci-
dent which had nearly proved fatal to several in-
dividuals, occurred a little below Battersea-bridge.
A boat, containing six persons, among whom
were two young females, by some unfortunate ac-
cident-upset, and the whole party were precipi-
tated into the water. Happily at the time the
occurrence took place, there were a vast quantity
of boats in the vicinity, all of whom instantly
rowed to the spot where the boat had capsized.
By this timely assistance, five of the six persons
struggling in the water were picked up ; we re-
gret to say that the other, one of the females,
sunk to rise no more. The most praiseworthy
thanks were due to several young men who dived
repeatedly in hope of fetching up the body
of the poor girl; but in vain ; drags were in-
stantly procured and put in requisition, but up
to a late hour at night she had not been found.
The accident originated in the mismanagement
of a small sail which was attached to the boat.
The name of the unfortunate young woman
drowned is Martha Powell, aged 16 years, the
daughter of respectable people in the New' Cut.
DREADFUL ACCIDENT.---Yesterday after-
noon about one o'clock, a shocking accident
occurred to the infant child of Mrs. Daley, who
lives in Orchard-street, Westminster, by its
clothes catching fire when playing with a lighted
candle. It appeared that the mother of the
infant (a fine female child, about two years of
age), left it in a room with another child about
two years older, and locked them in while she
went out on some errand. On her return in
about ten minutes, she heard the most dreadful
screams issue from the room, and on opening the
door she found her youngest child, Hannah, en-
veloped in flames. She instantly caught her in
her arms, and rushed down stairs into the street,
the child all the thne in a blaze. Some neigh- '
bours seeing her with the child in her arms in
this state, and from her distracted appearance,
the poor woman scarcely knowing what she wa§
about, snatehed the child from her, and carried
the little sufferer to the Westminster Hospital,
where it was promptly attended to by the sur-
geons. The poor child is completely burnt
from head to foot, and its features scarcely per-
ceptible : its sufferings are of the most agonizing
description, and without the slightest hope of its
recovery. The mother is almost in a state of
madness.

The reports from all parts of the country, re-
specting the appearance of the crops, continue to he of A
most favourable description.—Berwick Advertiser,

On inquiry at Tash-court, several persons declared that
the woman who was discharged struck Mrs. Gallagher
with a poker on the head, as did also Mrs. Simpson.
None of these people, however, attended at the office to
prove the fact, and they appeared to consult only their own
convenience in the affair.

Wheat cutting has commenced in the neigh-
bourhood of Worcester ; next week, it will be very general.
Some beans have also been cut near that city.— TVarwie*
Advertiser.

The frequent showers we have had for the last
ten days, appear to have secured to the meadows a plenti-
ful latter math, without tieing injury to the corn. Wheat
harvest is expected to begin on the light lands of the Chil-
tern hills, on Monday next, and to become general on Mon-
day se'nnight.—Bucks Chronicle.
The corn harvest has commenced in some of
the most favourable parts of the Principality, and we under-
stand that the crops, both as to the quantity and quality,
are very satisfactory. The heavy rains which have fallen
during this week, have retarded the labours of the hus-
bandman ; but, should the weather set fair, it is expected
that reaping will become general in the course of a week Or
nine days.— Cambrian.

The reports from all parts of the country,
where manufacturing is carried on to any extent, indicate
that a steady improvement is going on ; those from York-
shire and Lancashire are particularly favourable. From
the agricultural districts equally gladdening intelligence i 4
received, of the progress of the crops to maturity, with the
promise of an early and a most abundant harvest. New
Oats have already appeared in Kilkenny market, and in
different places in England the Wheat harvest is about to
commence.—Greenock Advertiser.

THE CROPS.--The most flattering accounts
prevail respecting the crops ; the grain and green crops,
except the Wheat, are beyond expectation, and nothing now
remains to complete the success of the cultivator but a dry
harvest. Although the Wheat crop is deficient in many
parts, the great quantity sown last year will make up for
the failure. Potatoes look well, and most of the turnip
crops also : the greatest blame is attributed to the too early
sowing. Turnips in the northern districts look strong and
ehealthy,an s
look a") and
well, are
Seeds,
strongsoro
more
iny one nt
andhe ee, s,,yearla
or
vds:o.rw and
gni.. a
as
grass,
Peasfull
are
now
and
Bcrop.
The old land hay grim never bore a heavier crop, and the
eqnutailrietyly iscufit,nea.nd not more than three-fourths of a crop;
it is either in the field rick, or safe in the barn yard:—
Fruits in general are good, and many apple trees cannot
support their burden, while others have not a shape on
them. The carrots and onions are a full crop. The ope-•
rations on the Wheat fallows are now brisk, and never did
a more favourable season present itself. —Durham, Adver-
tiser.

UNION-HALL. —A man named James Peak applied to
the Magistrates, under the following circumstances :—A
few days ago an advertisement appeared in one of the
Morning Papers, announcing that the advertiser wanted
301., for the loan of which the lender was to have a share
in a furnishing ironmongery concern, that would yield
from 28s. to 30s. a week. Applicant immediately an-
swered the advertisement ; and having had an interview
with a person who represented himself the head of the con-
cern, and who gave a flourishing account of the profits
arising out of it, he (the applicant) advanced the sum
above-mentioned. For the first week he had 95., the se-
cond was reduced to '78., and the third he could not get a
sixpence. Under these circumstances, he therefore trusted
the Magistrate would compel the person to whom he ad-
vanced the SO/. to give up that sum, net having performed
the agreement entered into.
Mr. CHAMBERS said that he could not assist him ; he
might, if he pleased, file a bill in Chancery against the
individual of whom he complained.
The applicant said that he attended to the concern, and
worked in it; and the weekly sum which he was to have
had, was for his labour, and the loan of the money. He,
however, could not afford to go to law, and must therefore
give up the business. He then left the office.

FUNERAL OF THE DUKE OF GORDON.—
Thursday the 19th current, being the day on which the
Funeral of the Duke of Gordon was expected to reach
Huntly, all the public offices and shops in the Town were
closed, and business of every description was suspended.
The church-bell commenced tolling in the morning, and
continued through the day. A great number of the te-
nantry on his Grace's estates around Huntly, proceeded on
horseback, as far as Pitruachie, to pay the last token of re-
spect to their much-esteemed and lamented landlord.—
Elgin Courier.
