IMPERIAL PARLIAMEN

• • EOtJSE OF COMMONS, Ara vsr 13.
the SiEARER resumed the Chair at five o'clock.
POST-HORSE DUTY.
Mr. tiANI?I%EY rose to present two petitions, of etch
he gave notice last week. lie was .sorry he did etat see the
Chancellor of tne Exchequer in his place t'a this occasion,
as these petitions had reference to the Post-horse Duties.
'TbO first petition was from the Postmasters and others of this
metropolis, and the other was from the Postmasters and fee-
keepers of the Nottb Road, and was signed lay every one
of them between London and York. It was due to the
petitioners and to himself to state to the House
why he had not taken an earlier opportunity of bringing this
subject before the House—
The SPEAKER here interrupted the Hon. Member, to
state, that the House of Lords desired a Conference with this
House upon the subject of the Amendments to the Bogner
hetnrovement
Lord G. Lennox, Lord Morpeth, Colonel Leith Hay, and
several other Members, were appointed to manage the Con.
ference. On their return—
Lord G. LENNOX stated that he delivered to their Lord-
ships the reasons for act agreeing to their amendments, and
had left with their Lordships the Bill and amendments.
Mr. HANDLEY resumed, He was about to state that
he had mat presented the petition earlier, as he was waiting
until the Right Hon. Gentleman the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer had obtained sufficient information on the subject.
whether they coneidered the great capital employed by
these individuals---the great convenience they were of to
the public—or the great source of revenue arising from
them, which be was satisfied would weigh with the Right
'Honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer, whom
be was now glad to see in his 'place, he believed
there was no class of his Majesty's subjects better en.
titled to favourable consideration. No species of property
had of late deteriorated so much as that of the great inn-
keepers, and there were none more harassed than these per-
sons in the collection of the duties. He could furnish the
Douse with many instances of the vexatious attempts to ex-
tort money under frivolous charges. He would suggest that
the Excise Department could be made available in the collec-
tion el this revenue, instead of farming it out to persons whose
"le object was to make
it profit of it. It was the only Go-
'erssent duty now farmed, and he hoped measures would be
t4Len to put at end to the system speedily.
Colonel S IB THORP supported the prayer of the petition.
Mr. GLADSTONE also supported the petition, and bore
testimony to the vexatious nature of the present mode of levy-
iny, the duty.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER had a
strong impression on his mind, from the facts that had reached
him, in favour of the petition. The system of farming the du-
ties was certainly an anomaly in their fiscal arrangements, as
in all other cases there was a responsible Government officer
to collect the duty. He believed it had given rise to a deal of
inconvenience and annoyance, and certainly required alteration.
He was not then prepared to say that be saw his way clearly,
but he trusted that early next Session he would be prepared
to bring the matter before the attention of the House.
hl
trusted
HANDLEY was very glad to hear his Right Hon.
Friend agreed so entirely in the views he entertained. He
that when next the contract fell in, the Govern-
ment would not follow the old system, but make it for one,
la place of three Years.
The Petition was then laid on the table.
TEA DUTIES BILL.
On the motion of the CHANCELLOR Of the EXCHEQUER the
above Bill was read a third time and passed.
MILITIA STAFF.
du Lord JOHN RUSSELL moved that the Militia Staff Re-
ill Bill he read a third time.
de Coonel SIIITHORP denied that that was a Bill which
serveld the character of an economical one. It would
be sure to add to the already heavy burdens of the
ent'nunties• throwing out of provision those who now enjoyed
forcese• The militia was one of the oldest and most constitutional
t 1 in the ceuntry, and it ought not to be broke up in such
third t'
felt so many and such strong objections to
ill, that he would feel it his duty to move that the
srilrelaling of the Bill be postponed for six months.
liouse divided, when there appeared—
For the Motion
Against it
Majority for the Motion ......
AFFAIRS OF THE MAURITIUS.
r• C. BULLER wished to put a. question to the Hon.
Gent'eman opposite (Sir G. Grey), which would obviate the
eetFesssity of bringing forward his motion relating to the Mau-
tbC He meant to call the attention of the House to
keo 'act, that a great part of the slaves in the
a ritius appeared to be illegally detained in a state of
ifttive,ry, and the owners of such
slaves were therefore not en-
titled to compensation. His reason for not bringing forward
1,,,e motion was, that he found from a communication with the
"overnment that they were well disposed to do their duty,
and finding that. to be the case, be thought he could not do
setter than leave the matter entirely in their own hands. He
Wished to know whether there was any objection to lay before
the House certain papers, explaining the circumstances under
u.si!ielt these persons were kept in slavery. If there was any
°ejection V) lay these documents before the House, he trusted
that the Hon. Gentleman would state the course which the Go-
l'eaMent had pursued,and was pressed to pursue, on this subject.
Sir G. GREY, with reference to the question of the Hon.
gentleman, would state in the first instance that these new
notections to tho production of the papers mentioned were owing
the to
w tiny wish to conceal information upon the subject, but to
T" iEculty of collecting the papers at the Register Office,
;1,1 arranging. them so as to be able to lay them before the
ouse. lie could state that no compensation would be granted
e'r any slave that was not duly registered. The most
explicit
inst •
ructions had been sent to the Governor of the Mauritius
Upon this subject, and if the Hon. Gentleman wished for a
Copy of these instructions, he would have no objection to lay
it on the table of the House.
, After an observation from Mr. C. BULLER, which was not
aetird in the Gallery, tl•e subject dropped.
COLONIES.
Mr. E WART begged to ask the Right Hon. Secretary for
the Colonies whether his Majesty's Government intended to
tnake any arrangements for the better judicial government of
the Colonies ?
Sir G. GREY said the subject was one of great im-
laortauce, and so far as the West Indies were concerned,
had already engaged the attention of his Majesty's Government.
BUSINESS OF THE EVENING.
that
Lord JOHN RUSSELL said that he should first propose
and the adjourned debate on Printed Papers be resumed,
the next Order of the Day he should move was, that the
"so tion Bill go intcs Committee on the Irish Municipal Corpora.

, Mr. nu VAN DIEMEN'S LAND.
or the E begged to ask the Honourable Secretary
lay Colonies, whether he had any objection to
had hilP°n the table of the House the despatches which
South e,' received from Van Diemcn's Land and New
6ent euiv'al, es relative to the female emigrants who had been
r
very ;
was the more important, as statements of a
t Sir 6 nature had gone abroad.
't Of GREY, instead of having any objection, thought
on table.
th eat importance that this document should be laid
e

por:itioannsbwer
LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr enebes--
ton question from an. Hon. MEMBER on the Op..
that HIIME certainly did intend to press his Bill forward
s
Ala -"slut' and hopedlie should receive the support of
the
Ir4stYs
„, Government. As the general opinion amonghe
bad 'lrrohers was, that that country should be excluded,
14:!0 objection to strike it out.
would hay
at the early period of the session
given the Bill his best support, but hc put it to his
Hon, Friend whether It would not be more judicious as there
was no likelihood of its being carried through during the
PreSir sent Session to withdraw it, and bring it forward next year.
B. CODRINGTON said this was a most important
Fill' and be would 'advise the Hon. Member to withdraw the
Bill for t_T.,ll present Session.
Mr' \TALL ACE hoped, as the Bill was to be drawn,with. the Government would take into consideration the
Placing the Light Houses under the control of the Directors
of the Customs, who were all King's officers, and had not a
very great deal to do.--( Cheers. )
Mr. O'CONNELL said the evidence given before the
Committee was not correct as regarded Ireland. There the
Ballast Board had worked well.
The Bill was then withdrawn.
PRINTED PAPERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr: HUME rose to move that the House agree to the
Resolutions of the Committee—();fear, hear)—who had sat
or,on the manner of distributing the Bills of that House. It
was proved before the Committee that they were now given
to Magistrates who had been dead for some years. He would
therefore,, conclude by moving, that the resolution of the 7th of
°lay 1831 he rescinded.
Mr, F. BARING did not think it advisable to pledge the
House V: rescind the resolution, although he was willing to
admit teat it required considerable alteration.
Mr. V. SMITH supported the immediate adoption of the
resolutions proposed by the Hon. Member for Middlesex.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER expressrd
a wish that time should be allowed for Government to take
the matter into consideration.
Sir R. INGLIS was of opinion that the matter should be
left to the discretion of Government.
Mr,, HUME eventually altered his motion, so as to leave
the mode of proceeding to be adopted open, but yet rescind-
tug the resolutions of 1801: upon which
Lord J. RUSSELL assented to the passing of the reso-
lution thus modified, which was accordingly agreed to.
Mr. HUME text moved, " That the statutes for promul-
gation be of the loyal octavo size, continuously printed."
He conceived that tl:e octavo size would be preferable to the
quarto, not only for reference, but for all other purposes, but
on this subject he should be glad to have the opinion of some
11°o. Gentleman of the legal profession, wbo were most in
the habit of applying to Acts of Parliament for information.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL considered the octavo the
more convenient size, and this he believed was the opinion of
the legal profession generally.
Sir- R. INGLIS thought the qu'lrto size preferable, but he
• . would yield his opinion to that of the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman 'who had just sat down.
Mr._WARBURTON approved of the smaller size.
The resolution was then agreed to.
•, Mr. HLT ME next moved the following resolutions, viz.,
~.fl'hat the statutes be distributed to Members from the Vote
u•-ee as E•o:-.)n after the cenTletion of each sheet as possible."
" That, to secure the publicity and preservation of the sta-
tutes for the use of Courts and offices, such copies shall b
st4mPl4l Promulge.tttl for public um,' aul be aVeurovanlei

by a distinct notice on each volume, that they belong. to the
~ald Courts and Offices, and are to be solely appropriated to
public use.
" That tht ON* for printincr
o private local and personal
Aetti the King's printer, at the public expense, be discon-
tinued, and that the promoters of every such Act (except na-
turalization and name Acts) be required to leave fifty copies,
printed at their own expense, at the Vote Qffierf foe tbc Use
of the House-.
"Ott file Acts of Pat liament and Sta'utes at large should
We printed for sale at one uniform price, throughout the
United Kingdom, in as convenient a form and at as low a
charge as is consistent with the ordinary profit of trndtTand no
more.

" That 1,00 copies of the -jbliiiiaals of the House instead
of 1,750 as heretordidd, be printed in this and future sessions
on the plan si4.ll,rnated to the Committee, and that no reprints
thereof Made except by special vote of the Horse T ttllti the
eqles of the journals now in store ropy th- 'oriiler of the Speaker
be given as heretofore 0, Members and Peers who have not
already received them, until the number in store be reduced to
• 100 eemplete copies, to be retained for public purposes, after
ehich Members will be entitled to receive the journals for the
year only they are in Parliament."
Lord SANDON thought that it was a most unnecessary
expense to oblige the country to supply copies of Acts of Par-
liament and the journals to Gentlemen who might perhaps sit
only a single session in that House. He suggested that the
better way would be to have copies of those documents kept in
the library of that House, and deposited in the different town
halls throughout the country.
Lord J. R USSELL and several other Hon. Members ap-
proved of the suggestion, and the resolution was agreed to.
On the 10th resolution, which provided, amongst other
matters, that the papers of the House should be printed in a
smaller type,_ _ _ _

Mr. TijOKE moved, by way of amendment, the omission
of the words " in smaller type."
The House divided--
For the amendment
Against it
Majority
The original resolution was then agreed to.
The 11th resolution was understood to be withdrawn.
On the 12th resolution, providing that the printing of papers
should be under the superintendance of the Committee of the
Stationery Office,
Mr. F. BARING objected to this resolution, and
Mr. HUME consented to withdraw it for a few days.
The next resolution, providing for the keeping and distribu-
tion of the papers and reports printed, was then agreed to.
Mr. HUME said he hoped that the next resolution would
be acceptable to the House, namely that papers and documents
printed by order of the House should be rendered accessible to
the public by purchase, and that at the lowest price .at which
they could properly be sold.
Lord SANDON approved of the resolution, and hoped that
the principle would be extended to the papers and reports for-
merly printed and now in store in the House.
Mr. HUME agreed to this addition.
After a few words from Mr. O'BRIEN and others, the reso-
lution, as amended, was agreed to.
The next resolution provided that a standing Committee
should be appointed to take charge of the business of prepar-
ing all the papers and documents which should be ordered by
the House to be printed ; as also the returns periodically pre
sented by public officers.
Lord J. RUSSELL objected to the resolution. He thought
the appointment of such a committee unnecessary. Much of
the business proposed to be done by it was much more effi-
ciently performed under the present system. At least he
would recommend that the appointment of the Committee
should be postponed till the next session.
Mr. HUME concurred in this recommendation, and the
resolution was withdrawn.

It was then agreed that such of the above resolutions as af-
fected the priviliges of the Upper House should be referred
to their Lordships for approval.
_ MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS BILL.

Lord JOHN RUSSELL intimated to the House that he
had received a petition from Worcester, as we understood, on
the subject of the Municipal Corporations Bill, but as that
petition prayed the House not to consent to receive the Bill,
in the event of its being sent back to them from the House
of Lords with any mutilation, he thought it better to defer
the presentation of that petition until the contemplated period
arrived when that Bill should be again under their consi-
deration.
