THI-4_: SUN, LONDON, FRIDAY, MARCH 23, 1538•

PRIVATE BUSINESS OF PARLIA-
MENT.-(YESTERDAY.)

(From our Scond Editioof last night.)
COMMITTEE ON BILL—(SURREY LIST.)

Mr. KEMBLE in the Chair.
LONDON AND CROYDON RAILWAY.
The questien of the alterations proposed by this Bill within
the borough of Southwark was gone into to-day (by adjourn-
ment from last week), especially as to the archway proposed
to cover a great part of Dean-street.
Mr. limes, solicitor, called ltgr. Newman, Surveyor of the
District Pavements, to prove the great inconvenience arising
from, and the unwholesome nature of, such archway.
Other witnesses were also called to prove the same thing ;
but it was merely a repetition of the evidence given last week
on the discussion relative to the preamble ; Mr. Pollock ad-
vocating the Bill.
Afterwards the greater portion of the clauses of the Bill
were read, and agreed to.
The chief difficulties appeared to b 2 as to the compensation
to be given to owners and occupiers of property along the
intended new line.
A few clauses remain to be gone into, and for that purpose
the Committee adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
COMMITTEE ON BILL.—(KENT LIST.)
Sir MATTHEW Woon, Bart. in the Chair.
Gravesend I'ier (No. I).—The hour of meeting, in this
case, was twelve; but the Committee did not assemble till two
o'clock, when, after a long discussion, between Mr. Bodkin for
the Bill, and Mr. Serjeant Nlerreweather against it, it was
suggested that the Committee should adjourn, for the purpose
of enabling the parties to come to an amicable arrangement, if
possible.—Adjourned, accordingly, until next Thursday, at
twelve o'clock.
SUB-COMMITTEE ON PETITIONS.—(No. 2.)
Mr. ROBERT PALMER in the chair.
Belfast Waterworks (No. 1).—( By adjournment from
yesterday.)
The agent in opposition to the petitioners addressed the
Committee, contending that the petitioners had no right to
enter into the proof of the possession of further property than
that which they had particularized yeiterday ; and that certain
Commissioners in Belfast were the proper people to apply
far this Bill, instead of the petitioners.
The Committee, however, decided that the petitioners had a
right to go into the proof of such additional property, acccording
to the understanding on the adjournment of the case yesterday.
The agent for the petition then entered into the particulars
of such additional property, the net income of which was
742/. 123. Id.
A long address was then heard (not by any means to the
purpose) from the agent in opposition, who still harped upon
the absence of power in the petitioners to obtain the Bill.
The CHAIRMAN interrupted him, and remarked that it
would be more convenient to hear the agent for the petition-
ers in the affirmative before hearing the opposition in the ne-
gative.
The agent for the petitioners then proceeded, maintaining
that the parties petitioning were possessed of sufficient
property available for the purposes of the Bill ; that the pro-
perty was, moreover, an improveable one, and upon which the
petitioners had the power to raise money by way of mort-
gage, &e.
The Solicitor for the Bill followed on the same side, and
contended th it the improvements proposed by the petitioners
would be of the greatest benefit to the town of Belfast, and
would also be the means of greatly increasing the value of the
property of the petitioners : rich and poor would alike receive
benefit from the effect of the Bill, which would be to supply
Belfast with pure and wholesome water, a necessary, of which, at
present, the place was destitute.
The room was here ordered to be cleared, after which the
Chairman announced the decision of the Committee that
sufficient available funds were in possession of the petitioners
for the purposes of the Bill, and that they were the persons
authorised to apply for this Bill ; and that, tlierefore (except-
ing so far as regarded the level of the reservoir described in
the section, and which we reported the other day), the
Standing Orders were complied with.
Belfast Waterworks ( No. 2. )—A long and tedious conver-
sation arose as to the petition for this Bill, which it was al.
leged by the agent for the opposition to it, had not been pre-
sented three clear days before the first sitting of the Committee,
according to the Standing Orders.
It was contended, on the one hand, that the Committee
had sat upon this petition on the 13th February last, and,
on the other hand, that the Committee had not entered
into the petition at all—but that it had been merely adjourned,
along with the petition ( No. 1) roported above, by the con-
sent of all parties, to this day.
The case was ultimately adjourned until to-morrow, without
the Committee having come to any decision.
SUB-COMMITTEE (No. I.)
Mr. SHAW LEFEVRE in the Chair.
Hartlepool Dock and Railway.—Petition for Bill from Com-
pany read—for powers to raise an additional sum of money—
unopposed—but owing to an inadvertence respecting the no-
tices, it was decided that the Standing Orders had not been
complied with.

CURIOUS COINCIDENCE.--Peter Borthevick, the
agent and orator for the West India Ph-nters, and William
ilberforee, the son of the eminent abolitionist, were expelled
the House of Commons on the same day—the former for
bribery, the latter tram the want of a surf etent qualification.
SLAVERY.—ripe whole country is in motion.
Meetings are being held east, west, north, and south. Lord
Brougham has cut out for himself abundant labour. He will
ace more petitions to present than he ever had at any one
time while representing the people in the Commons. He is
now universally hailed as their champion in the Lords.
QUACKERY.—By a singular oversight of the Min
ter, an impudent paragraph appeared (yes:erday) very pro-
minently in our seomd page, beginning with " Napoleon,"
&c., which should have appeared as an advertisement. Our
readers will at once see that the virtues of the Quack's recipe
are only, if at all, outdene:by the ambition of Napoleon. The
only wonder is that disease should not long ago have been
driven out of countenance by such infallible no trums. But
the age of Wisdom is not yet arrived ;—• it may i °ale when that
of Puff has departed.
DREADFUL SUICIDE.—On Monday evening, be-
tween nine and ten o'clock, the inhabitants of Head-street, St.
Mary-at-die-Walls, Colchester, were thrown into a state of
consternation, Mr. George Baines, a respectable tailor and
draper in that street, having committed suicide. He was in an
extensive way of business, sod had recently engaged the pre-
mises at the corner of Church-street, upon the site of 11r.
Marsden's extensive Bazaar, and had removed into his new
occupation on the very day he put an end to his exietence.
For the last few weeks deceased had been in a very desponding
stile of mind front a nervous affection, and frequently expressed
his apprehension that his new occupation would not answer
his purpose, complaining that his affairs were greatly embar-
rassed, which, we understand, was far from being the fact.
Early on Monday morning his brother, who slept with him,
was awoke by a noise, arid found that deceased was out of
bed and dressing himself ; he app!ared greatly
excited, and in
a short time made an effort to throw himself out of the win-
dow, but was with great difficulty prevented from so doing.
About eight o'clock that morning it was found necessary that
a strict watch should be kept over him, and a man was pro.
cured for that purpose; Mr. Partridge, his musical attend-
ant, advised his brother to get him into the new house as soon
as possible, and that, he thought, might possibly alleviate his
anxiety ; and Mr. Partridge, at his next visit, at twelve
o'clock, found deceased in his new occupation, sitting by the
fire, in his bed-room, with two friends. They entered into
conversation with him relative to his anxiety about his new
house, and told him if he wished to get rid of it, they would
see the parties aed get him r ,leased from it. He replied, "It
must be done to•day," Mr. Partridge asked him what he
meant, and he answered, " I shall be hung." Mr. Partridge
thin endeavoured to divert his mind bv,some jocular remarks,
but without effect, and left him. He went to see him again
about nine o'clock in the same evening, with Mr. Pattison,
friend. On going into his room he found him very sullen, and
advised the maid-servant to net him some tea. The man who
had been with him was absent for a feW minutes, and on
the servant returning with the tea, Mr. Partridge went
down stair; and informed his brother how he was. Just
as Mr. Partridge was entering the parlour below, he beard
a violent knocking up stairs, and cries of " Murder I Come
up, come up I" upon which he run up stairs, and found de-
ceased kneeling on the bed, with his face towards the door,
cutting the left side of his throat in a most determined man-
ner. Mr. Partridge rushed round the bed to him, when de-
ceased, placing himself in a menacing attitude, made a plunge
at him, and Mr. Partridge rushed towards the door.
De-
ceased then threw the knife at him ; it, however, happily
escaped his head, and struck the wall with great force. The
moment Mr. Partridge was out of the room, deceased shut
the door and locked it. By this time the servant had so
alarmed the neighbourhood by her shrieks, that a considerable
number of persons were at the top of the stairs, when an iron
bar was procured, and the door was broken open. Deceased
was found lying upon the bed on his back, in the last stage of
exhaustion, bleeding from a wound in the neck very profusely.
An inquest was held on Tuesday, when the jury returned a
verdict " that deceased committed suicide by cutting his
threat, while in a state of mental derangement."—Chelmsford
Chronicle.
DUEL AT ST. OMER.—At the Court of Assizes
of the Pas-de-Calais, held at St. Omer, four Englishmen
were indicted for being principals and accomplices in a duel.
Cecil Godshall Johnson and Curtis Walker (the principals),
both military officers, were accused of attempting homicide,
with premeditation ; and William Fitzjohn and Henry Weten-
hall (who acted as seconds) were charged as theireccomplices.
It appeared, according to the evidence, that,the two principals
had both held commissions in the British Legion in Spain,
under the command of Sir George de Lacey Evans, and that,
upcii the disbanding- of the Legion, they went to reside at St.
Omer. Mr. Johnson was decorated with the orders of St.
' Ferdinand aed ; and Mr, Walker, having worn the
ribbon of the order of St. Ferdinand, wee accused by the other
of exhibiting a decoration to which he was
not entitled.
Words ensued, and a challenge from Walker was the result.
They_mee, with their seconds, on the 22d January last, at four
o'clock in the afternoon, at Longuenesse, near St. Omer, and
fought at thirteen pages. At the first fire Walker was wounded
in the fleshy part of the thigh, when piqjohn, his second, ex-
pressed bimeelf satisfied, and the matter' was suffered to pro-
ceed no tarttia., Welker received necessary assistance on
the spot from an English surgeon whe was in attendance, and
was afterwards conveyed to Saint Omer. The defendant,
thecaus
nC sotua
connected
iaa y:
hi
tedetatteielden d
tlelh,
pei4nrptraerbpteilcylui
had
aodr
au9kef
es
nttiiolipnns
twph
heu
duel,otl
et o
omacnedbeyde
with the affair. The trpth of this statement wag li4ewise ado
mitted hy the three other accused. The jury, .aftr a Short
deliberation, returned & verdict of Acquitta., and the president
ordered them to be immediately set at liberty.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

HOUSE OF LORDS, 31.iitcH 22.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Woolsack, at
five minutes past five o'clock.
The Archbishop of YORK presented a petition from the
City of York, and one from Northallcrton, praying for the
immediate abolition of Negro Slavery ; one from Sheffiel
signed by 2,078 individual:, praying for the better observance of
the Sabbath ; a petition from the Doan and Chapter of
Durham, against any sanction being given to any alteration
in the tenets and religion of the country; a petition from
the inhabitants of Northallerton against the Births and
Deaths Registration Bill ; a petition from the Clergy of
York, praying for a revision of the Act for registering
births and marriages.
Upon the motion of the Archbishop of YORK, the Resi-
dence of Clergy Bill was read a third time and passed.
The Earl of HADDINGTON presented a petition from a
parish in Ireland, praying that assistance might be given to
the extension of Scriptural Schools in Ireland.
Lord R ADNOR presented petitions from two parishes in
the county of Wilts, and also one from New Sarum, nuine-
rously signed, praying for the abolition of Negro Appren- ,
tieeship. The Noble Lord gave notice that on Monday next
he should move for certain returns upon this subject.
The Marquis of SLIGO presented petitions from a great
many religious congregations assembling in Nottingham,
from religious congregations assembling in Coventry, Heck-
mondwike, Dewsbury, Walsden, Ecclesfield, Bradford, Alter-
ton, Saffron-Walden, York, and other places, praying that as
the planters had failed to carry their bargain into completion,
that their Lordships would be pleased to liberate the Negro
Apprentices.
Lord LYND HURST presented a petition from Chester,
Burtonheacl, in the county of Chester, and the congregations
of a great number of religious places of worship in Liverpool,
praying for the immediate abolition of Negro Apprenticeship.
The Noble and Learned Lord wished to know from the Noble
Secretary of State for the Colonies, whether he meant to proceed
with his Bill at present, or whether it would not be better for
him to postpone the further consideration of it until his Noble
and Learned Friend's (Lord Brougham's) Bill came up for a
second reading, as that Bill might, perhaps, supersede the ne-
cessity of the Noble Lord's.
Lord GLE NE LG did not see the necessity of uniting the
two Bills. This was an independent measure, and whether the
other Bill should pass or not he was of opinion that his Bill
ought to be passed without delay.
Lord L YNDH UR ST hoped if that were to be so, that
their Lordships would not be considered to have pledged them-
selves to that Bill, when they came to the consideration of his
Noble and Learned Friend's.—( Hear, hear.)
Lord BROUGHAM was glad to hear the last ob-
servation which was made by his Noble and Learned
Friend. It removed his objection to go on at present with the
Noble Lord's Bill. He considered that Bill so ineffectual,
that he would much rather have had the further consideration
of it put off; but if it was not to preclude any ono from taking
his own course afterwards, that made all the difference in the
world.

Lord GLENELG considered that as a natural consequence,
even from the conduct of his Noble and Learned Friend him-
self, who at the moment he stated he agreed to the considera-
tion of this Bill, gave notice of his own Bill.
The Bishop of EXETER gave notice that he should to-
morrow move that there be laid before that House a copy of
any dispatch between the late Colonial Secretary and her
Majesty's Governor at Malta, relative to the appointment of
the Bishop of Malta to the Governorship of that Island.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE gave notice that he
should to-morrow move the second reading of the Quakers'
and Morsvians' Bill.

Lord WH A IZNCLIFFE gave notice that he should to-
morrow move fora copy of the correspondence between the
Poor-law Commissioners and the Board of Guardians of the
Windsor Union, as we understood.
The Earl of H ADDINGTON wished to know from the
President of the Council, whether there would be any objec-
tion to the reports and documents relative to the late disaster
at Mullingar being laid on the table.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said that there bad been
so much confliction between the statements of the different
documents and parties relative to that affair, that the Lord-
Lieutenant had ordered an investigation to take place, and
during that investigation it would be inconvenient to produce
the papers. The Noble Marquis would take that opportunity
of stating that he had received petitions from different
parts of Ireland against the Irish Poor-law Bill, and the
only reason he had not presented them was, that it would be
irregular to do so, because the Bill was not before the House.
The parties who had so far honoured him as to entrust him
with those petitions, might depend upon his presenting them
as soon as he could do so regularly.
The Earl of RIPON wished to know whether there would
be any objection on the part of the Noble Lord the Secretary
for the Colonies to lay on the table of the House the docu-
ments he had received from Canada relative to the state of
those Colonies ?
Lord GLEN ELG said there would be no objection to lay
them on the table.

SLAVE TRADE BILL.
On the motion of Lord GLENELO, the House went into
Committee on the West India Bill.
The Marquis of SLIGO, in rising for the purpose of
moving an amendment to the Ist clause, said that he would
take that opportunity of stating the reasons why he had al-
tered his opinions with respect to the apprenticeship system.
Some time since certain individuals waited on him, for the
purpose of requesting him to extend the privileges of the ne-
gres with respect to apprenticeship. He said at that time he
could not do so, but would endeavour to amend, by legislative
means, the condition of the negro apprentices. Those individuals
persevered, and the result was, that the country was now in such
a state as to render it impossible any longer to deny entire
emancipation to the negroes. The Noble Marquis then read
extracts from several letters he had received, stating the utter
impossibility of continuing any longer the negroes in bondage.
The Noble Marquis read, amongst the other extracts, one
from a letter which he had received from a member of the
Baptist Communion in Jamaica, to the effect that if he eman-
cipated his slaves, before the time appointed by Act,
he would find Jamaica too hot for him.—( A laugh.) But he
( Lord S.) was happy to say (as we understood) that every
member of the Baptist Communion in that island had emanci-
pated the slaves.--( Hear, hear.) Another letter stated that
the greatest anxiety prevailed amongst the apprentices, to know
whether their young Queen would enfranchise them on the Ist
of August next; and that if non-prandial apprentices were not
on that day enfranchised, the greatest dissatisfaction and dis-
turbance would prevail. The non-prmdial would not be benefited
in that case by their emancipation. They would be banished
from the estates, lest their presence and the contrast of their
free condition would have a dangerous effect upon their less
fortunate, brethren. Another letter stated that every thing
was done to irritate, annoy, and injure the apprentices.—
( Hear, hear.) The Noble Marquis also read a message from
the Governor to the House of Assembly, on the subject
of the treatment of apprentices which he said gave him the ut-
most gratification, and increased his confidence in her Majesty's
Government, Under all the circumstances, ho did not
think that the Legislature could safely protract the ap-
prehticeship beyond the Ist of August. The greatest
excitement prevailed throughout all the West Indian
Colonies.—( Hear, hear.) There was not a petition that
came before the House but was heard of by the negroes
—there was not an incident that occurred at Exeter Hall
but was heard of by them. For his own part he did not
preach what he would not practice, and whether the Bill passed
or no:, there should be no slave on his estate after the first of
August. From that time he should have no claim
upon the negroes, but they should have every claim on him for
past services.—( Hear, hear.) He would only suggest two
slight amendments on the first clause—one was to leave out
the words " by and with the advice of the Council"—the
second was to insert these words, " that the negroes should
leave off work at 12 o'clock on Friday."
After a few words from Lord GLENELO and Lord RIPON,
the clause, as amended, was agreed to, as was also the 4th
clause.

Clauses 5,6, and 7, after a few verbal amendments, wero
agreed to.
Lord GLENELG moved the introduction of a clause for the
purpose of imposing a fine upon the keepers of Houses of Cur-
rection who should omit to advertise the names of the runaway
apprentices confined therein.—Agreed to.
On clause 8 being read,
The Marquis of SLIGO moved the omission of the words
" within the district in which he resides," which restricted the
special Justices from visiting any Houses of Correction, unless
those within his district.
The clause as amended was agreed to.
On clause 9, which provided for the treatment of persons
confined iu hospital being read,
Lord SLIGO moved the insertion of a proviso to prohibit
the doors of such hospital being locked or otherwise secured.
He could assure their Lordships that the grossest abuses pre-
vailed in these hospitals while the apprentices were under
sanitory treatment.
After a short discussion the amendment was withdrawn, and
the clause agreed to. ,
Upon clause 10 being called on,
The Marquis of SLIGO objected to the clause.
After some observations from Lord Glenelg, Lord Wharn-
cliffe, Lord Lyndhurst, aril the Lord Chancellor, the clause
with a few amendments was agreed to.
Clause 11 was agreed to.
Upon clause 12,
Tho Duke of RICHMOND said that be had received an
account that certain apprentices at the Cape had been forced
be) ond the English jurisdiction, and there detained in a state
of slavery. He wished to ask the Noble Lord (Lord (Gle-
nelg) whether he had received any information on the subject ?
Lord GLENELG said that he had not.
The Duke of RICHMOND said that he only mentioned
the matter for the purpose of suggesting the insertion of a
clause which would at once declare such apprentices free when
they returned to the settlement.
Lord GLENELG said that, after this year, there would
be no apprenticeship at the Cape.
Lord WEI AIiNCLIFFE, in the same clause, suggested
the propriety of giving the planter, in any case where a ma-
nager or overseer had been guilty of maltreatment, so as to
occasion the loss of an apprentice, the right to recover the
yrtlue by an action of debt against such manager.
Lord Gt LENEIG said that lie
.wogia consider the sug-
gestion of the Noble Lord previous to the bringing up of the
. , •
lieport.
The clause was then agreed to.
Clauses 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, and the preamble
were re-
spectively agreed to.
The Marquis of NQRTII AMP lON enneltatnlatecl the
House 9,u hormg proceeded thus far with the Bill. He tbought4
however, that Parliament might do more, end he would sug-
oft that it might be possible to have a squadron on the coast

of Africa, combined of English, French, Dutch, and American
ships, to be commanded in rotation by the senior captain of
the respective flags. This, he thought, would tend greatly
to put down the slave trade, by the composition of the squad-
ron itself removing any feeling of jealousy between the diffe-
rent nations. . .

The House then resumed, and the Bill was reported with
amendments to the House.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF COMMONS. MAiren 22
In consequence of the Ballots the Gallery did not open till
half-pttst Four o'clock, previous to which we understand that
Lord Mat cus H:11, for Evesham, and Mr. Noel, for Rutland-
shire, took the oaths and their seat.
Mr. DUCKWORTH obtained leave to bring in the Lei-
cester Gas Bill.
Mr. THORNELEY moved that the Report of the South
Australian Company be printed.—Ordered.
Mr. BROTHERTON presented a petition from Man-
chester against the Grand Junt•tion Thtilway Bill.
TENRY HARBOUR IMPROVEMENT BILL.

Mr. P ROT H E ROE moved that the names of the Members
for Bristol and Gloucester should be added to the list of the
Committee on the Tenby Harbour Improvement Bill, on the
ground that the interests of those important cities were affected
y the Bill.
An Hos. MEMBER, whose name we could not learn, and
who spoke in an exceedingly low tone, opposed the motion.
Mr. PROTHEROE expressed surprise that so reasonable
a proposition should meet with any opposition.
Mr. P. THOMSON said he should have opposed the Bill
on the second reading, had he not hoped that considerable al-
terations would be made in Committee, which would improve
the Bill in a public point of view. If those alterations were
not made in the Committee, he should certainly oppose the
Bill "on the third reading. With respect to this motion, he
would merely remark, that Bristol was materially interested in
the Bill._( Hear, hear.)
Mr. LUCAS said that last year it was proposed upon Com-
mittees in which the places they represented were interested, but
it was refused on the ground of not interfering with the Com-
mittees, and he should therefore oppose the Bill on the broad
principle of equality between the two countries.
TAMWORTH ELECTION.

The Clerk of the Committees appeared at the bar with the
reduced list of the names of persons appointed to serve on this
Committee as follows :—Lord Francis Powerscourt, Henry
Broadwood, Sir C. B. Vere, John Irving, E. J. Foley, W.
Thompson, Matthew Sharpe, General Lygon, Lord Viscount
Barrington, Horace St. Paul, George Houston—(all Tories).
Sir U. PEEL presented a petition from the Trustees of
the Britsh Museum, praying for their annual grant.
Mr. NIA UNSEL L presented a petition from the Board of
Guardians of the Union of llepnall, against certain provisions
of the Poor-law Amendment Act. On the motion of the
Hon. Member the petition was read at length, and ordered to
be referred to the Poor-law Committee.

Sir CHARLES BLOUNT presented a petition from
Lewes, praying for an alteration in the Poor-laws.
MOY NAVIGATION.

Colonel PERCEVAL gave notice, that to-morrow he
should move that the Report of the Standing Orders Com-
mittee upon the river Moy Navigation Bill be referred back for
reconsideration.

Mr. GROTE presented a petition from the Relief Con
gregation of Bridgetown, Glasgow, against any further en
dowment to the Scottish Church.

Sir R. BATE SON presented a petition from Londonderry
against the Irish Poor-law, and praying that there might
be a local assessment made, one half to be assessed upon resi-
dent landlords, and double upon absentees ; also petitions
from Lower Cumberland and three other places against the
present system of national education in Ireland ; one
from Dungarvon, praying for the abolition of the Negro
Apprenticeship system ; from Antrim, praying for the
re-establishment of the ten Bishoprics, which were ordered
to be abolished by the Church Temporalities Bill, upon
a new foundation, and praying that they might be appointed
by the clergy, who were to return two names to the Board of
Bishops, who would select one for the office ; also, one from
Clonmell, praying that, in any Bill for the regulation of
Municipal Corporations in Ireland, the rights and privileges of
Protestants might be preserved, otherwise all places of trust
would fall into the hands of Roman Catholics.
