UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

CAUDRInor, JULY 31.—We have Ituthority to state,. that
the 12th of August, the King's birth-day, has been fixed upon
for :laying the first stone of the new quadrangle at Trinity.
College; and that his Majesty has been graciously phuised to
nominate the Speaker of the House of Commons to officiate as
his proxy, In the ceremonial of the day.
We understand that the Vice-Chancellor and Members of the
Senate will assemble at the Senate-House at half-pa st • -one
o'clock, and will accompany the Representative of his Majesty
in procession to the King's gate at Trinity College, at two
o'clock precisely, where they will be met by the Master, Fel-
lows, and other resident Members of the Society, and *ill pro,
ceed immrdiately to the ground.
.The Rev. Fronds Bedford, M.A. Rector of /Watford; has
been presented (by Charles Burrell Massingberd, Esq. of South
Om.mby) to the valuable living of South Ormsby, with Ketsby,
Caleeby, And Driby annexed, m the county of Lincoln.
The Lord Bishop of Lincoln has conferred upon the Rev.:
Edward Edwards, M.A. of Huntingdon, the Prebend or
Canonry of Leighton Bromswold, in the Cathedral Church of
Lincoln, vacant by the death of the Rev, Thomas Cowper.
The Rer. Henry ilyeruit, M.A.3 has been collated to the
Vicarage of Mt:why, in the county of Lincoln, vacant by the
death of the Rev. George Hogarth, and in the gift of the Lord
Bishop of Lincoln.
The Rev. George Glover, M.A. has been collated, by the
Lord Bishop of Norwich, to the Archde.aconry of Sudbury,
vacated by the death of Archdeacon Gooch.
The Rev. Robert Bathurst, M.A. is appointed Commissary
of the Atflideaconry of Sudbury, 'by the Bishop of Norwich,
and Official of the Archdeaconry of Suffolk, by Archdeacon
Beruers.

CEL•IIC INSCRIPTION.--The. following Inscrip•
tion, in ancient Celtic characters, is graven upon a stone on the
summit of .11enlawers :•
" Caidh mar gheibh ; •
" (habit mar chaitheas ;
" (.'coin—ach co dha ?
" euitohnich bas."
Which, may be translated thus—
, " Spend what you find ;
" ou will find what to spend ;
" Spare—but for whom ?
" Mind death is thy doom."
There is no date upon the stone, but the inscription is evidently
of remote antiquity; and it is somewhat strange that it has
hitherto escaped the prying eyes of the curious in ancient in-
scriptiont.—( int:erne:: Journal.)

Great preparations are making at Donington
Park, to welcome the return of the Marquis of
llAsTnicas from India, on his Lordship's arrival
at his paternal mansion.

The unexpected appearance of the Ernpeei.
nado before Zamora about the 7th of July, pro.
duced, as has been already stated, the greatest
consternation in that place. Having learned that
some of his followers, who had been made pri-
soners, were confined in the castle of Zamora,
and threatened with military execution, he wrote
a letter to the Governor, declaring that for every
Constitutionalist put to death he would hang 20
priests. it is said that he has collected some
hundreds of clerical and other Royalists, and
holds them as hostages.
ENOLISH OP EttA liolisx.—Last night this
Theatre was honoured by the presence of her
Grace the Duchess of SOMERSET, Lady hl
Lord DAlt LANGTON, and a large party; Lady
BEI:MICK, Lord TULLAMORE, with each a box
filled with fashionable friends.—The perform.
tutees were Frankenstein, A Roland for an
Oliver, and The Rival Soldiers.—The house was
filled in every part, and that evening's entertain.
meats went off with great spirit.
The remains of the Earl of FARNHAM are to be
removed on Monday next, from the Pulteney
Hotel, Albemarle-street, far interment in the
family vault in Ireland.

Mr.
Mr.
Mr.
Mr.

POETRY.

TO THE NATIONAL OUARD 3IADRID.
March away, march away, gallant brothers.
With the lance in your handi march away ;
Leave slavery, my comrades, to others,
For Freedom's our watchword to.day.

We wore chains ;. be their memory at-m*l.
We were slaves, but our hearts were still true ;
Freedom spite, and our fetters were burst,
And shat Spaniards have sworn they will
Our rights were unpurchaaed by gore,
Our joy was unclouded by woe ;
But ere he.bondsmen once more,
Our hearnt' blood in torrents shall flow.
March away, march away, gallant brothers, &o.
'Shall Spain's noble soul be subdued, •
If a despot but utter his will ?
Let him' try; he shall find in his blOod
That Freedom's too strong for him still.
If night onco hung over the land,
He shall find that the darkness issgone ;
For Freedom ascends bright and grand,
And Spain hails her new risen sun.
March away, march away, gallant brothers, &c.
What has France like the glory of Spain ?
What has Russia, a savage and slave ?
What has Italy, curs'd to the chain ?
May her tyrant soon find it his grave !
Let the nations do what we have (Woof.
Let them cling to their rights as we cling,
With our people, reslstlessand one,
With our charter, the king of our king.
March away, march away, gallant brothers, &c.

THE THIAL.—(A RUSSIAN TALE.)
When CATHARINE ren'd a few years since,
A very potent German Prince
Sent his three Daughters for inspection,
:1; To wed (if she had no objection)
NATE'S Heir Apparent. When the coach
Of Ladies Gat was seen t' approach,
Great CATIIA Rig E 'propos'd to attend,
That she might see the gtris descend.
The first, in-hurry to alight,
Made a false step, and Amid affright
The second, with a hoyden bound,
tame with a jump. upon the ground ;
The third, whilst down she calmly slept,
A 114114 Of gesture kept.
who observids.with aspect shrewd,
Each girl's respective attitude,
Flied on the last, and, thought the others
Fieueither to be Queens or Mothers.

SPOUTING INTELLIGENCE.

DoNCAsTEit
9 to 2 ftgii.Tinker
9 to 2 stg3t Sherwood
7 to.l.agst Tancred
[2 to l aipit Ilisy Fanny

BETTING-1%0011, J 0 LY 31

.—STATE OF THE ODDS,
ST. LEG Ett.
,14 to 1 agst Claude Lorraine
14 to 1 ag►st }Wins Royale
28 to 1 agst Barefoot,
Iligit,othls apt any other.
18 to 1 apt Cretzsida
18 to toot Vadttnti

7 to 2 rigAt Ituformer
4- to 1 apt Corinne

OAKS. • •
Yo betting whatever oktliese Stakes.
a to 4 on Sviap *gst Sprite in the 101)gs Match at the liewes
Races (this day).
, .

BRIGHTON JuLit 30:
The Sussex, „Plate coy. beitzslylo Mlles ; mares anti geld.
' ings 'aimed 31b,' three-yr-AU, ist. four, Ost. 4tL. five, flat.
- Wib. Aix anti agtki, £l4t. Jib:The winner to be sold for 200
tiov. if demanded,-.uador the usual conditions.
.11r. Rueehm/OLS YOr - . 10 1
Mt: Tc9det,: 5 yrs - 2 1 2
Mr. T. Coleman's Vault)°, Ryrs - 02 3 3
Mr. Brown's g. f. 1-1 yrs .
-
The Judge placed but four 0 dr
3to I agst firteehana/-6 to I.„tmat Leg 'anger.-..;t to 2 ago
Vanloo.--aral4 to 1 agst (lift.. The two first heats capital, the
latter easy.
AlATurt.—Mr. Ilraithwaite's sister to Twatty agst Mr. Mel.
lish's Mum, ttst. 3tb. each, the last three-quarters of a mile,
for .50 soy. Won by Mum.-2 to 1 agst the winner.
'I"

NV NCIIESTE RACES.---WEnx Est)* I. u 30.
T)h.er-t.l4ecofittse,r'lBl*St.ta7klte.3 of
5s
gasntelacghe'ldlinggss, trtf.cilf.l'trbiehrltses;
toile and hall.
Mr. Bigg's br. c. Bertram 1
51r. Ramsbottow's b. c. Cephalus • • - 2
Won very easy.
The Hampshire Stakes of 25gs each, 15 ft. and only 5 gs, if
declared on or before the 14th of June; twri nnin"
J. Walker's Langtenian, 6 yrs, Bst. 911,. - "1
IL Perey's Sir Iluldibrand, 5 yrs, Bst. 71t• Settith's Netherfleld, 4 yrs, Bst. 516. - 3
Dundee* Chef tilEuvre, aged, ilst. 91b. "
Fleming's Nightshade. 5 yrs, Bst. 7th. Pt
ptl
Farquharson' Surprise, 5 yrs, Bst. 51b. -
Von cleverly.—Four subscribers, who did not name.
TuIRD RACE, 111171 OUT.—The City Members' Plate of 504
for any horse, mare, or gelding, that did not win the Kmg's
Plate this year. Four yr olds, 7st. 91h. ; five, list. 41b. ; six,
list. 12ib.; and aged, 9st. Two.tuile heats. Mares and
geldings allowed 81b. Winners once in the present year to
carry 31b.; twice, Alb. extra. Entrance 2 gs., or double at
the post ; to go to the owner of the second horse.
Mr. Farquharson's b. h. Surprise, 5 yrs
Mr. Dilly's h. c. Netherfield, 4 yrs -
Mr. Friend's ch. f. Delusion, 4 yrs
Won cleverly.
LAST RACE.—'rhe Ladies' Plate of 504 for maiden horses;
two mile heats • three-yr-olds 7st. ; four, Bst. 51b. ; five,
9st.; six, Ihrt. 6111.; and aged, three-yr-olds,
91b. 31ares and geldings
allowed 31b. Entrance 2 gs., or double at the post ; to go to
the owner of the Rewind horse.
Slr. Friend's b. g. by Wanderer, 3 yrs -
Mr. Jones's br. f. by Waterloo, 3 yrs -
Mr. Hallett's b. f. Miss Plate-on, 4 yrs
Won easy.

1 1
2 dr
3 dr

1 1
2 3
1 2

KNUTSFORD RACES, TUESDAY, .YEILY 29.
A Produce Stakes of 50p each, h. ft. Two miles.
Lord Grosvenor's f. Alarm, by Thunderbolt . - I
Mr. Mytton's b. Ostrich - - - - 2
Sir T. Stanley's br. f. The Maid of Milan . 0
Mr. Clifton's ch. c. by Colima
- . 0
Seven paid.-6 to 4on the field-2 to I apt The Maid of
Mil;tn--4 to 2 apt Ostrich-3 to 1 apt Comus colt—and 4to 1
Rest Alarm.
The Goldi Cup, value 100 gs, by subscription of 10gs each.—
Three miles.
Sir T. Mastyn's b. in. Princess Royal . . - I
Lord Stamford 's b. h. Peter Lely - .. - o
-
Sir T. Stanley's b. h. Tarragon - - - 3
Mr. Brooke's gr. c. Sir Edward -
-' - - 4
Lord Gray's b. c. Adventurer - - - - 5
Sir paid.-6 to 4on Princess Royal-2 to I agst Peter Lely
4to 1 apt Tarragon-4 to 1 apt Adventurer, and 15 to 1 apt
Sir Edward. A very good race.
A Maiden Plate of M. for any horse, mare, or gelding, that
never won 501. (matches and sweepstakes excepted). The
best of three two mile heats.
Sir G. Piggott's b. f. Active
14 Grosvenor's br. g. Braxton -
Sir T. Stanley's b. f. Manila, by Milo
Mr. Steel's b. f. by Milo

1
2 2
3 3
4 4

O WING M A 11.
Yesterday the Annual Prize Wherry given by the Members
of the Funny Club was rowed for by limn boats, pulled by two men in each. The contest was highly amusing to the ad-
mirers of this species of sport. The rowers were distinguished
by colours. Knowlton and Chandler, of Lambeth
corn.won the
prize in grand style. The River displayed a deal of gay corn. pony.
