VOTE AGAINST MINISTERS.

At this petiod the business of the House was
completely at a stand, in consequence of the absence
of all the Ministers, Mr. I'. Courtenay being the
only representative of them present. There was a
partial c►y of " Adjourn," " Adjourn," and
,Sir J. -MACKINTOSFI said, that rather than
allow the House to adjourn, he would submit a
motion, authorised by the frequent practice of the
House : he meant a declaratory Resolut►on—" That
this House does not place confidence in his Majesty's
Ministers."—(Hear, and laughter.)—Considering
the state of the opposite Benches, perhaps this pro-
ceeding would be hardly fair; but ►f they thus ne-
glected their public duty, bow was it possible that
the House should place confidence in Ministers.—
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. P. COURTENAY was certain that the
Right Hon. Gentleman would not press the motion,
in the absence of the parties accused.—(Hear.)
The East India Offices' Bill was recommitted,
reported, and ordered to be read a third time to-
morrow.

The Silk-Manufacturers' Bill was read a second
time, committed, reported, and ordered to be read a
third time to-morrow.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS presented a petition from
the inhabitants of the district of Belgrave-square,
praying to be included in the two-penny-post de-
livery.

Lord MILTON supported the prayer of the pe-
tition.

Sir G. MURRAY expressed a disposition to

Sir J. MACKINTOSH also supported the prayer
of the petition.—lt was ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. BARING presented a petition from a'
gentleman named (as we could collect) Strongmar,
one of the old Dutch settlers at the Cape of Good
Hope, complaining of being quite ruined by the
alterations which had taken place in the currency
of that colony. One of the governors of that colony
had caused an immense issue of paper-currency,
which became so depreciated, that four shillings in
it did not pass for more than one shilling and six-
pence, metallic currency.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH supported the petition.
Sir G. MURRAY said, that if the petitioner
could spew a peculiar case of hardship, Government
would be disposed to attend to it ; but when his
distress arose only from the operation of a general
measure, which applied not merely to that but to
other Colonies, he did not see how this case could
be remedied without opening the door to others
similarly circumstanced, whom it would be impos-
sible to assist. If the petitioner could make out any
claim for services, or in any other-way, it would be
fully considered.

After a few words from Mr. H. GURNEY, which
were not heard in the gallery, the petition was
ordered to lie on the table.
RIGHTS OF AUTHORS.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH presented a petition from
Charles Bucke, of Islington, complaining of the
imperfect state of the law for the protection of lite-
rary property. The Right Hon. and Learned Gent.
observed, that the rights of authors in their literary
productions were less respected by the law and the
tribunals of this country, than in any other having
pretensions to literary character. Persons of the
highest literary fame had had their dramatic produc-
tions represented on the stage, wholly against their
consent. Lord Byron and Mr. Millman had had to
complain of abuses of this kind, but they were with-
out redress. The petitioner had to complain of a
similar abuse. He had written a tragedy, which the
proprietors of owe of the large theatres had brought
out on the stage against his consent. He now prayed
for some alterations of the law as respected the
rights of authors in their productions.
Mr. G. LAMB supported the petition. It was
extremely hard upon authors, that when they pro.
duced a work of a dramatic character, intending it
only for the press and not for the stage, they should,
by the cupidity of managers in bringing it out for
representation, be put nolena miens into the very
disagreeab!e situation of damned authors.—(Hear,
hear, and a laugh.)
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from a gentle-
man named Tighe, at present a prisoner confined for
debt in the King's Bench prison, complaining of
abuses of his power on the part of the Marshal of
that prison, and praying the House to inquire into
the subject. The Hon. Member said that the case
was worthy of the consideration of the House.—lt
was ordered to lie on the table.
COMMUTATION OF TITHES.

Mr. P. THOMSON presented a petition from
owners and occupiers of land in the vicinity of Ro-
chester, playing for some alteration in the present
system of tithes.
Mr. BENETT supported the petition, which was
ordered to be printed. .

DISTRESS IN THE RIANUFACTURING
DISTRICTS.

Mr. BROUGHAM held a petition, which he
was instructed to present from a most respectable
body of persons. In the prayer of the petition, or
the allegations on which it was founded, he did not
generally concur, and he had so stated to them ; but
still they wished that, he should present their case to
the House. The petition was from a very respect-
able body of manufacturers in Birmingham, and was
signed by 8,000 individuals, who, with the exception
of five, had signed it without any solicitation. The
substance of the petition was, in the first place, the
declaration of a very notorious fact, namely, the
prevalence of very great distress throughout the ma-
nufacturing districts, and more especially in Birming-
ham. This distress they ascribe to the Bill, which,
as they state, tampered with the currency ; and they
gave a measure of the depreciation which he con•
fessed he did not clearly comprehend, for they said
it amounted to 50 per cent., but in their illustration
they made it 100 per cent., by asserting that the
effect was to double the debt of 800 millions, as
well as the 55 millions of taxes which the public
had to pay. According to his judgment, the depre-
ciation did not at any time exceed 30 per cent., and
that was when the price of gold was Si. 7s. 10d. per
ounce. After affirming their distress, they went on
to suggest a remedy, which was, that the Govern-
ment should establish such a just and equitable cur-
rency as would raise the price of labour, and at the
same time give vigour to the manufacturing interests.
Now, with respect to the depreciation, he admitted
that it had its effect upon the condition of the peti-
tioners, but he denied that it involved the whole of the
800,000,000/. of debt, for a great part of that was as-
suredly incurred before the depreciation of the currency
—an event (the depreciation) which was not ad-
mitted until Lord King's pamphlet, in 1800. The
petitioners complained, and there he certainly agreed
with them, that there was a great deal of unde-
served obloquy cast upon the country bankers, as a
proof of which they stated, that out of the seventy
bankers who had failed during the panic of 1825,
sixty had paid twenty shillings in the pound to their
creditors. The petitioners denied the existence of
over-trading, over-production, and over-population;
but he did not concur in the cogency of their rea-
soning upon the topic of over-trading, for he re-
membered when some of our manufacturers exported
ship-loads of saddles to countries where such ar-
ticles were never used, cargoesof earthenware where
there could be no demand for it, and even coals to
countries where there was more timber than the in-
habitants could consume. The experience of the
speculations
.to Buenos Ayres in 1806 and 1807,
and of 1805, was, he thought a clear proof that
there was such a thing as over-trading. As to over-
population, he feared that the instance of Ireland was
alone sufficient to establish the fact. The petitioners
also stated that there ought to be no restraint im-
posed upon agricultural imports, and they particu-
larly complained that when the change in the cur-
rency was arranged, it was not accompanied by a'
corresponding reduction of taxation, and there he
entirely agreed with the petitioners; for nothing
could have been more inopportune than the laying
on 3,000,000/. or 4,000,0001. of taxes in 1819; and
he also agreed with them that all those salaries, civil
or military, which had in former years been raised
on account of the depreciation of money, ought
now to be reduced when a metallic circulation pre-
vailed. He wished he could us easily see the relief
which the petitioners looked for, as emanating from
these teductions, for after they were all made, he
feared the weight of 800 millions of debt, and its 30
or 40 millions of interest, would still be a heavy
load on the national industry. In wishing to do full
justice to the views of the petitioners, he must at
the same time express his opinion that the country
could not now retrace its steps and fall back upon a
.depreciated currency.—(Hear, hear.)—He then
moved that this petition be brought up.
Mr. LAWLEY said, the petitioners had done
him the honour of soliciting his support of the
prayer of this petition, but he informed them he
could not give it, becau-se he believed that the

Mr. BINETT was decidedly of opinion that the
alteration which had been made in the currency was
one of the greatest errors ever committed in any
country. Double the quantity of produce now oni7 '
brought in as much money as was some years age,
realized by the sale of half the quantity. He now
paid three sovereigns, instead of three 11. notes, to
meet the interest on the 3 per cent. consols. it
was the opinion of Mr. Ricardo and other eminent
men, that some alteration must be effected with re-
spect to the debt.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN agreed entirely in
the statement made by the petitioners, that while
, the means of meeting taxation were greatl; reduced,
the weight of the debt was almost doubled. He
begged leave to cull the attention of the House to
the fallacious statements which had been made with
respect to the growing prosperity of the country.
It appeared by papers which he had in his-possea-
mion that the real value of the exports of British ma-
nufactures in 1798 and 1799, exceeded the official
value more than 13,000,0001., and that the official
value had been advancing while the real value hail
been decreasing, and to so great an extent, that ist
1828 the real value was-below the official nearly
16,000,0001. It also appeared, that had the real
value kept its relative position with the official, it
would,instead of being only 36,000,000/. in 1828,
have amounted to 86,500,0001., showing an
actual depreciation of nearly 50,500,0001., or
97 per cent. Taking the aggregate of the last
three years the exports were, in real valise; less in
amount than the official by more than 40,000,0001.,
although it would appear, as had been stated in the
House of Commons a few weeks ago, that there
was an increase by the official value of 12,000,0001.
in the last two years. Independently of the differ-
ence between the real and official valise, it would be
seen that the export trade had declined in real value
for the last 30 years to a vast amount. If gentle,
men compared the aggregate amount of the exports
of the last six years in real value with that of the
six preceding years (1816 to 1822), they would be
found to have fallen off 13,500,000/. Comparing
the same with the six prior years (1810 to 1816),
they were less by 41,000,0004; compared with the,
six years further back (1804 to 1810), they wets
less by 52,000,0001.; and with those of 1798 to
1804, less by 35,000,0001. Taking the average of
the whole period—the lust six years, as ' rornpared
with the.2s preceding years, were less in real value
by nearly 6,000,000/. per annum ; and this, it must
be remarked, did not comprise te decrease in the
export of colonial or foreign produce. The decrease
in real value of colonial and foreign produce ex-
ported for the last eight years, as compared with
those of 1814 to 1822, was 4,500,0001. per annum ;
the annual decrease in British goods exported in the
same period, by like comparison, was nearly
9,000,0001., making together an annual decrease
of 13,500,0001. for the last eight years in our export
trade. And yet, while things were going on in this
way, they had the folly—he would say the absolute
madness—to suffer the country to be inundated with
French goods. Such things as these must be men-
tioned; the country must be told of them, and lie
should not be doing his duty with such 'an impres-
sion on his mind, even though it were incorrect, if
he did not state it openly and boldly. The Com-
mittee of the House of Commons on foreign trade
it 1821, said,—" Your Committee are, however,
sensible that at once to abandon the prohibitory sylis
tern would be of all thinge the most visionary ant(
dangerous. It has long subsisted—it is the law, not
only of this kingdom, but of the rest of the European
world, and any departure from it is forbidden by
every consideration of prudence, safety, and jus-
tice." But what occurred three years afterwards, its
1824 ? Why the then Chancellor of the Exchequer
(Mr. Robinson) declared that " the country was in
an unexampled state of prosperity, such lad been
the increase of our foreign commerce and advan-
tages derived front the free system of trade." He
further said, " Why not now emancipate the com-
merce of Great Britain ? Why not cut the cords
that tied her down to the earth, and let her spring
up aloft to convey the produce of our industry to
every quarter of the world ?"—(Cheers.)—" What.
period could be more auspicious?—every thing
prospered with us—the finances exhibited excess,
trade was flourishing, and capital was actually float-
ing about, seeking for employment. It was the very
best opportunity that could be desired to cut the
bonds of ancient prejudices which shackled the na-
tion's energies, and spring forward with a new start
in the pursuit of national wealth. " Lord bless
me," (continued the Right Hon. Gent.) " British
manufactured silks are thought so well of in foreign
markets, that we have only to remove those prohi-
bitions, and they will obtain a preference over the
commodities of every other country." Now the
exports of this year were less than any of those,
with the exception of a single year, for 24 years,
and upon an average of them by 6,500,000/. per
ann.; and oar exports to France were about 4,000/.,
imports 2,600,0001. He would ask, how could a
Minister come down and make snch a statement ?
But he supposed it was a part of his duty to de-
, scribe trade as flourishing, and commerce as in-
creasing, when both were at the lowest ebb. While
this depreciation had been going on, the taxes had
remained stationary ; and were, besides the expense
of collection, above 50,000,0001. per annum;
whilst insolvency, crime, and pauperism, had rapidly
increased. Although the people were now better
educated than formerly, the commitments for crime
had been, in six years, from 1804 to 1810, 28,628;
ditto 1810 to 1816, 42,456; ditto 1816 to 1822,
80,619 ; ditto 1822 to 1828, 91,047 ;—total in 21
years, 242,950 persons. The first twelve years,
71,164; the second ditto, 171,866;—increase in
twelve years, 100,782 persons. In 1826, commit-
ments, 16,164; in 1827, ditto, 70,921 ; increase in
one year, 1,777 persons. Insolvents, from 1814 to
1828, 59,300; bankrupts, about 25,000 ;-84,300
persons. Where there was one bankruptcy, there
were ten compositions, and the partners under com-
missions of bankruptcy, and their wives and families,
and those of insolvents, would make the above
350,000. persons, upon a moderate estimate. The
poor rates were nearly 8,000,0001. per annum. In
one parish within the city of London, where the
houses were 800, the defaulters, most of whom were
excused or allowed time, 200. The paupers in the
workhouse were 312,—ditto, out of the house, 324,
. —636 paupers, besides those supported in schools
and other charities. The population had increased
within the last thirty years 30 per cent. The ne-
cessary articles of consumption—malt, beer, tea,
tobacco, and others—had not increased in any thing
like the same proportion : the consumption of beer
had actually decreased within the last three years
600,000 barrels. It was, he conceived, impossible
that such a state of things could long continue.
Mr. W. WHITMORE said, nothing that had
fallen from the worthy Alderman had. more asto-
nished him than the statement that the foreign trade
of this country had greatly declined of late years.
It could be easily shown that there hail been a vast
increase in the quantity of articles exported from
this country. From 1790 to 1799, the annual
average experts of this country, stated in official
value (which stated the quantity), amounted to
17,670,000/. From 1800 to 1809, the annual
average amount was 26,211,0004 ; from- XlBlO ,to
1820, the annual average amount was 36,921,0004 s
--showing an increase in the annual average of ex
, ports of 10,000,000/. for eh period:of -telt.,yesis,_,
respectively. From 1821 '
,0821 ftlie_intitiel
IC) ga-It'sg-;
)
. -p----I—--.-,',
ts..

average amount was 45,00,0004; in the year 1827
it was 51,276,0001.; and in 1828 it rose to
52,049,000/.—(Hear.)—And this was the great
fall in the foreign trade of the country which the
worthy Alderman depiored.—(Loßd mks of hear,
hear.)—lt was quite true that gi eat • pressure had
arisen from the change ham a paper to a metallic
currency. It was equally certain that to tamper
with the currency of any country must be followed
by a certain degree of distres:, and that it was itt.
possible to return from a paper to a metaiiic cur-
,tency Nvitiout producing snaring and distress
RMUllgrit some parties in the country. But the
question was, whether they were to have a iluetua
tit-Jz currency, under which no man could be any thae
day certain of the value of his property, and which
tended to drive capital out of the country, or
whether they should not establish a cucrency less
liable to sutlClen changes and. fluctuations. He did
trot take the gloomy view which the worthy Alder-
man and others took of the prospects of the cow:-
17, and he totally differed from them as to the re-
medy for our present distresses and difficultioc, lie
'rooked upon the entire relaxation of our commercial
laws, so as to allow the free employment and circa-
lation of capital, as one of the best means of restoring
the prosperity of the country, and he looked forward
to the opening of the trade to India as a measure
calculated to remove much of the distress unAcr
which the country laboured.. The greatest depre-
ciation of the currenztv existed in 1811, and that was
the very time when the greatest distress and suffer-
jug exist`.ld in the country. The worthy Alderman
had '..eferred to the number of bankruptcies as a
proof of the distress of the country. Now the
average amount of bankruptcies for -the ten years
preceding 1510 was 1,214, In 1810, they amounted
to 2,314 ; in 1811, to 2,500; and in 1812, to 2,229 ;
and during these three years there were forty-seven
bankers bankrupts, while but six bankers had become
bankrupt (luring the ten preceding years. Now those
were periods when a great depreciation existed in the
currency of the country. He therefore did not take
such a gloomy view of our prospects; on the con-
trary, he anticipated a return of the former prosperity
of the country.

Mr. H. GURNEY saki, it would be impossible to
Take extensive reductions in our taxation and ex-
penditure at present, without committing an act of
riciotallbanktuptcy.
ilr. ATT WOOD supported the views of the
petitioners, and contended that the suggestions which
they made were well worthy of the attention of the
Government.

Mr. PEEL said it was impossible to restore the
currency of this country to a sound and I ealthy state,
without producing a great deal of suffering in the
country for many years. The currency, after 1797,
having become greatly depreciated, they had no
other alternative open to them, but either to leave
" things as they were, or to do that which wonll he
attended with distress and suffering for some years,
to some classes in the country. Two measures
offered themselves to their consideration in 1819—
either to leave matters as they were, with a depre-
ciated standard, or to rai,e the standard by returning
to a metallic currency. An equitable adjustment
was also proposed thee, and it was proposed that
the public creditor, with whom a debt had been con-
tracted in a depreciated paper currency, should,
upon our returning to a metallic currency, be paid
only in proportion to the value of the paper cur-
rency in which the debt had been contracted. The
first and great objection to this was, that it would
be impossible to discover the original creditor,
and in the next place it would be obviously unjust
to adopt such a measure in regard to those
individuals into whose hands those funds had
subsequently passed, and who might have pur-
awed them in a currency but little depreciated
below the existing standard. He hoped never
to live to see the ti ::e when a restriction upon
=he Bank would be again found necessary. It would
be easy for the Government to do what was sug-
gested by some Hon. Members ; it would be easy '
for Government by an issue of paper wine-cease the
c'etulation of the country ; but what would he the
consequence ? that the exchanges would rise, and
that gold would be carried out of the counrrye---
Let them but once give thepower to the Bank to issue
paper not payable in gold, and all the consequences
which Mr. Hume had stated in one of his essays
on the increase of the currency would immediately
follow. It was not necessary to look to the state of
the exchanges during the last two months, to see
what would be the effect of the issue of a paper
currency. The Government would, by such a
mean*, encourage the departure of gold from this
country. It would leave the country, while the
Bank would be liable still to pay in gold on demand;
and he was convinced that they never could return
to the issue of a paper currency, without relieving
the Bank from the obligation of paying in gold. The
Government was determined to adhere to the pre-
sent system ; and, for the reasons which he had
stated, he shoal never consent to a revision or al-
teration of the existing currency of the country.—
hear.)—The exports of the country, its im-
ports, and the quantity of exeiseable articles, had,
during, this period, increased. As the consumption
of exciseable articles had increased, the receipts of
the revenue had progressively increased also. How
did the Hon. Member reconcile these facts to his
statement of the total depression of trade and deli-
, dent demand? Instead of factories having de-
. creased in nun.ber, or the .spirit of speculation in
this respect being on the decline, the number of fac-
rories had sensibly increased every year since 1820,
more particularly at Manchester; and, singular
enough to _ay, those factories were either silk facto-
' ries altogether, or factories of goods compounded of
snk and cotton, or other material. In 1820 they
were 54 in number, and they were assessed to the
poorerates of the town at the annual value of 16,8161,
In 1.823 there were fifty-six, and they were as-
sessed at a yearly value of 18,2931. In 1826, the
, year in which the Small Note Bill passed, they in-
creased to 72, and were assessed at 24,000/. ; and!
in 1928, the year prior to the Small Notes' Bill
eoming into operation, they were in number 73, and
were assessed at 23,245/. annual value. It Ives
true, that during a part of this period, there was
some of them untenanted; but of those tenanted in
1820, there were 52 factories, whilst in 1828 there •
were 60. flow, then, if trade was not going on
progressively increasing, did it happen that the de-
sire to embark in this branch of manufacture had in-
.creased, from 1820 up o last year, in the propor-
tion of 16,8001. to 21,0004 ? The same disposi-
tion to speculate in this branch of manufacture had
been displayed in Charlton-row and Salford, suburbs
of Manchester—the former in 1820 having but five
manufactories, in 1828 twelve; Salford having also
'in 1820 seven factories, in 1828 twelve. It would
. be absurd to say this was an evidence of distress in
this trade, or a want of incentive to speculate. Yet
the Hon. Member was excessively 'sanguine in the
conviction that he could prove there was, notwith-
standing, a cessation of demand for these articles of
manufacture. To place the reverse of this argu-
ment in the strongest light, it was only necessary to
inspect the returns before the House as to the num-
ber of looms at work in 1823, which was 2,300;
whilst in 1828, Whilst all these abominable and ill-
judged measures were carrying on, the number of
looms were increased to 8,400. The information he
had on the subject of the silk-trade there was that
the trade was brisk, and that no good manufacturer of
silk was at present in want of employment. Now,
were he to hazard an opinion as to the present depres-
sion of trade, he should be disposed to confess he
attributed it to a combination of a variety of causes.
Much was to be attributed last year to the over-
productiveness of our manufactures,—to the bad
harvest not a little,—to the effect of the American
tariff, a measure which it would seem had lost its
efficacy in consequence of the activity of smuggling
British goods into the very extensive ce-loard of
the United States. Yet though :thcee ecombined
and co-operated to depress trade, prices ltud re-
covered, and there was an improvement in the '
market, nor would he be induced to. doubt that the
vessel would right itself were it afforded an
_oppore
,tunity. The excellence of out machinery and its

substitution for manual labour each day threw many
out of employment. This Was felt more particu-
larly by the poor Irish at Manchester, who crowded
thither from Ireland whenever they were encouraged
to expect occupation there, being enabled to Collie
over at the trifling charge of lEid. a head, to a coun-
try which not only irjaVe than work, but allowed
them a provision trom the poor rates when ill.
Their siteation had given considerable concern to
the Magistrates in that district, and they had very
properly, in some cases, admitted their claim to re-
lief from parochial funds. All these occurrences
were rot without their parallels in former periods
and he begged the House, esuecialy el- appearances
were improving at present, not to consent to un-
settlf% by the appointment of a Committee, the state
of the public mind on a subject of such vital im-
portance as that under their consideration.—( Hear.)

Mr. A. BARING contended that it was the duty
of the sovereign state to provide that the money
currency should be characterized by its steadiness.
If that principle were once disturbed or deranged,
the consequence. must be, that the greatest injustice
would be done to individuals, an instance of which
in the case of the Government of the Cape of Good
Hope be had occasion recently to mention. The
public were deceived if they thought there were not
sulliciemt aueommodatione in trade. Money was to
be had, acid abundantly, if credit were good. The
circulation of small notes was not essential. In towns
equally remarkable for extensive business as others
which departed from this practice, small notes were
not circulated. Manchester was an instance of this.
He regretted to say that he contemplated the pos-
sibility that in a long run this country could not be
expected to maintain its ascendancy at a great ma-
nufacturing country, when the price of food for its
artisans and people was so disproportionate to the
price of food in rival manufacturing countries. There
the price of corn was 30a.,—wIth us never under
60s. Trade, too, was migratory, and often shifted
from long-favoured spots to suit its convenience, as
a staple of this country had shifted from Devonshire
to Yorkshire, and the silk-trade from Spitalfields to
Manchester. There was a danger that its next migra-
tion might be to Germany, or some other rival nation.
What we were looking for to guide our opinion is
the question of what is the real cause of the altera-
tion in the value of money. The question was not
determinable by the difference between paper and
metal, for there were some of the wealthiest coun-
tries in Europe Avhich had rejected specie as the
circulatieg medium. England had at one time
scarcely an ounce of gold ; Austria the same, Den-
mark the same. Nearly half of Europe had got rid
of specie, and had adopted paper. That circum-
staece of itself produced a depreciation, of specie and
bullion, because the exclusion of so much metal from
circulation had the-same effect as if those countries
had found anew mine. The depreciation of money
arising from the waking of the Mexican mines
was increased by the banking system of Europe, and
by the false banking system by which it had been
followed, whereby an unlimited issue of paper took
place. He (Mr. Bating) had happened to be one
of a number of gentlemen who had been applied to
by a certain court, to know what was best to be
done, in consequence of the depreciation of its paper,
which was in proportion to bullion as 3 to I. He
said in reply, that there would be as much or more
injustice in going from 3i to 1, as there had been
in going from 1 to 3. Many false theories had
Leen stated upon this subject, and gentlemen talked
of an equitable adjust mennand others seemed to think
that if the Batik paid in specie all would go right.
Others thought that corn would be a correct mea-
sure of the depreciation of money. But he had
no hesitation in saying, that if one or two years
were taken it would be the very worst criterion,
though it might perhaps be the best we could get if
the average of a number of years were taken. The
real difference in the value of money in England was
nearly the difference of the price of corn. Taking
it at its present price, about 555. or 60s. the dif-
ference between that price and 85s. or 90s. was abeut
the difference between the value of money at the two
periods. But the only true mode of ascertaining the
real depreciation of money, was by taking the prices
of all commodities together, because their ditThrenees
would be corrected. There was another circum-
stance, in addition to what had been stated with regard
to the operation of the American tariff, which pro-
duced a great apparent increase of trade, owing to
persons anticipating this tariff and importing
goods, whence the American import., which were
6,000,0004 the preceding year, rose to 8,200,0001.
It would be a great advantage to this country, if by
any means short of interference we could bring about
some arrangement between the new South American
States and the mother country, which would enable
them to economize their resources, and become new
customers for our manufactures. Besides the market
which might be opened to us in the east, there was
another of our own colonies, the disgraced Australia,
which not only afforded an outlet to a population
pressing on us, but raised up consumers for our ma-
nufactures. In the absence of any practical and
certain measure of relief, we should not meddle with
the question.
Mr. W. HORTON took the present opportunity
of addressing to the House the views which he had
intended to explain upon moving the resolutions of
which he had given notice, as to the distress of the
labouring poor. The Right Hon. Member con-
tended that the population was redundant, especially
in Ireland and the agricultural districts; and quoted
the evidence of Mr. Northouse, given before the
Emigration Committee, to show that the removal of
1,000 by emigration would give as great a relief to
the country as giving employment to double that
number. He alluded particularly to agricultural la-
bourers; and it was the redundancy of them that
caused the deterioration in their wages. Some ad-
vocated a change in the currency as a remedy for the
present distress, while others of quite an opposite
character, contended that the Corn Laws were the
great enemy of our general prosperity. He hiinself
was convinced that no material change would take
place in the Corn Laws or in the currency, and he
was also convinced, that if a change were made, it
would prove no efficient remedy. The House then
were called upon to look fur some practical remedy.
The proposition to be considered was—can and will
you increase the capital applied to the employment
of labour, or can and will you reduce the quantity of
labour in the market ? He was decidedly of opinion
that the latter course was the preferable one, and
upon that opinion he had framed hie second resolu-
tion. The Right Hon. Gentleman then alluded to
the experiment made at the recommendation of the
Emigration Committee, and contended that its re-
sult confirmed the conclusion he maintained. Such
too was the opinion of Mr. Tooke, Mr. Malthus, and
others. The remedy he proposed he admitted would
require a temporary sacrifice; but he contended that
the ultimate good would far outweigh the present
loss, and prove the measure one of true substantial
economy. But it was said that the vacuum would
he speedily filled up. This, however, be denied. •
In the course of nature the population would in-
crease, but those most conversant with the subject
held that the good derived from the emigration be-
fore the population had consideralsly increased, would
entirely outweigh the expense. The Right Hon.
Gentleman then alluded to the remarks which Mr.
Sadler had made in his work on Ireland, on the con-
duct of the Emigration Committee. He had on a
previous occasion endeavoured to answer those at-
tacks, and the Hon. Member for Newark in reply
had stated that the mortality among the emigrants
had been one in fourteen, while Le (Mr. Horton)
should contend that it had been only one in
forty. The Honourable Member for :Newark had
said, that the mortality was greater than in .
Constantinople and Cairo, but it appeared upon cal-
culation that it was not greater than in Carlisle, one
of the healthiest places in England. On his own
data the Hon. Member for Newark was wrong, for
instead of one in fourteen, a calculation by Mr. Fin-.
lavaon gave one in twenty-one. That too was taking
the very worst year, that of 1825. Again, the Hon.
Member for Newark stated, that the average mon
tality in England was as one in fifty-nine, but the
best calculations gave it one in fifty-seven in the

very healthiest spots. By further calculations too,
made by Mr. Finlayson; it appeared that the deaths
among the new settlers. were not so great in propor-
tion as among the poetr in this country. It was not
fair in the Hon. Met-Ober for Newark to take the
single year of .1:623. That year was a most unfor-
tunate one, and upen a series of years, accordieg to
the calculations of Mr., Fitilayson, the mortality
among the emigrants had been one in forty. He
did not make these statements to lead to exag-
gerated notions of the salubrity of the Canadas, but
to vindicate the Emigration Committee. His only
object in proposing Insßesolutions was, to have them
put on record.
Mr. SADLER said that the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman had been so courteous as to place into his
}lauds, since be had entered the House, a copy of
the paper from which he had read his calculations;
but as the paper containing those calculations was
printed, and there had been plenty of time, he
should hive felt the courtesy much greater had he
been furnished with it some few days before. As it
was he would meet the subject. ile had not taken
a particular year but the entirety of the period.
He could take no portion of the time, for no data
was given for such a calculation. But the state-
ment allowed by the Right lion. Gentleman was a
mortality of one in twenty-one— -a frightful destruc-
tion. But let the Right Hon. Gentleman look at
the births and deaths. The deaths were nearly two
to one birth, and if that did not establish the con
elusion to which he Lad come, he knew not what
could.—(Hear.)—He repeated that the mortality in
the Fever Hospital in Dublin had not been so great
as that among the emigrants from the time of their
sailing to the period of making up the report.—
(Hear, hear.)—He denied too the fertility of the
Canadas, especially in grain. There was another
point too which ought not to be lost sight of. No.
less than 133 of the emigrants were absent from
their locations, and that surely was no proof of the
prosperity of the parties through whom the experi-
ment bad been made.—(Hear, hear.)—While he
was on his legs be would notice the Right Hon.
Gentleman's remarks on the redundancy of the
population. From the beginning of time up to the
present hour, in almost all countries, had there been
some politicians who complained of a superabundant
population. The savage who roamed on his square
mile, complained of a superabundant population—
(Hear)—aed thought he must thin his race by war,
to insure his own subsistence. He would not go
into the question to the full extent that history,
would euable him, but content himself with allud-
ing to the reigns of Henry the Eighth and of Eli-
zabeth. In those periods the doctrine of the Right
Hcn. Gentleman had been promulgated, but Lord
Bacon silenced the supporters of the position.—
(Hear.)—They were told the agricultural labourers
were superfluous, but the very first piece of evi-
dence appended to the Emigration Committee Re•
port showed that there was a great scarcity of
labourers in the summer months.—( Hear, hear.)—
It had not pleased Providence to distribute agricul-
tural labour equally throughout the year, but if the
agricultural labourers were diminished, the consum-
mation of the object of all agricultural exertions
would be impracticable.—(Cheers.)—While man-
kind was held in slavery and thraldom, the popula-
tion was not thought superabundant. So long as
one human being was the slave of another he was
considered of some value. In Barbadoes, where the
population was twice as dense in proportion as in
this country, and the means of subsistence infinitely
less, there was no complaint of a redundimt popula-
tion, for there slavery still reigned. The poet's
doctrine had been—
The day that made a man a slave
Took half his worth away;
but the new notion appeared to be that the day a
man became free he became worth nothing at. all.—
(Cheers.)—He should not have said one word but
for the personal allusions which had been male to
himself, and he had to apologise to the House for
trespassing upon its attention. He should give to
the whole of the subject his best attention, and take
an early opportunity next Session of further and
fully attempting to support the opinioni he had ven-
tured to titter.—(Hear, hear.) _ _

Mr. HUSKISSON contended that Colonization
ought to be encouraged. had it not been for emi-
gration, this country could never have reached its
present state of importance and prosperity, nor
would our language have been extended to the
United States, and been adopted in more distant
countries. The Right Hon. Gentleman could not
accede to the Views of the Hon. Member (Mr.
Sadler.)—He could not see that England had suf-
fered front the emigration of her subjects to the
United States. The Hon. Gentleman considered
it impossible to increase too much the population
of a country. China, in the lion. Gentleman's opi-
nion, was the best country in the world. Ireland
and England could contain a larger population, but
that population must be employed. He thought
emigration with capital advantageous to the country,
but sending out paupers would be attended by more
difficulty than many imagined. The Right Hon.
Gentleman, adverting to the question of the Cur-
rency, said he had the good fortune to know front
the discussion that evening, and the discussion on a
former. occasion elsewhere, that there was no
intention to alter the currency. Ile knew it
would ba coi.trary to good policy to return
to a paper currency. If the Government
had not abandoned the small note system of
1825, the country would never have recovered from
a state of poverty and distress ; it must ultimately
have produced a revolution in all the relations of so-
ciety. When Hon. Gentlemen spoke of the diffi-
culty and pressure of the present moment, he should
say, if they had relaxed from their system adopted
since 1825, the result would have' been such a panic
as that which occurred in 1825. lie was glad to
find that Government would not depart from that
system, which, although it had led to temporuy
suffering and distress, would ultimately rescue the
country from destruction. It there was one circum-
stance more striking than another, it was the pro-
digious increase of consumption. Instead of that
being a misfortune, as the Hon. Alderman called it,
he considered it a proof of the growing wealth and
resources of the country. In the year 1814, the
exchange in trade was against us ; now it was in
our favour. The Hon. Alderman had stated that
the cheapness of the raw material had reduced the
price of manufactured goods. It was so; but the
question was, what was this country with respect
to the trade of the world? Why, the people of
England were the greatest exporters in the world,
and how could we carry on trade and sell in the fo-.
reign market unless the raw material was cheap ?
In the United States, where they had committed
many errors, they had limited their manufactures to
their own markets; consequently they were liable
to great fluctuation in trade, and incapable of com-
peting with England. Export trade was most ad-
vantageous, and every facility should be given to
the removing restraint on the importations of raw
material. By that system he was convinced the
country would be saved. Periods of temporary dif-
ficulty would occur, but those difficulties would find
relief in the great cheapness of articles. The em-
barrassments of the moment did not prove a want of
national prosperity. This country would carry on
its great affairs with as small a portion of metallic
currency as possible, but let them guard against a
system which had led to deprecation of the cur-
rency, and the panic which was felt in 1825. He
had heard somewhere a metaphor respecting paper
currency. Like a sky-rocket, it rose with splen-
dour, but lost its brightness, and when its fire was
extinguished, it fell in darkness, like the shaft of
the rocket, upon the heads of those who had raised it.

_ .
Mr. CRIPPS said, there were different causes of
the evils now existing inihis country, among Nalich,
perhaps,
.overtrading and
.tampering with the cur-
rency might be numbered. He thought a limited
circulation of notes might be allowed, for that would
alleviate the distresses of the country, by making
the currency larger in its amount than at present—
a want of which he believed to be at this moment
one of the causes of distress.
Mr. Alderman WAITHNIAiN had been mistaken.

He only said, or meant to say, that low prices
could not exist with heavy taxation, because the
manufacturer must be ruined by the operation of the
two causes.

l Mr. BARING believed that the Canadas were
by no means in the state that had been described by
the Hon. Member for Newark (Mr. Sadler), and
thought that if the fact could be ascertained, it
would be found that there was more fever in the
county of Essex than in the wi,ole of Upper Canada.
Mr. WODEHOUSE—If we should happen to
have a good harvest this year, the consequence would
be that we should be visited by our old friend,
over-production ; while, on the other band, if the
harvest was bad, all our currency would be exported
to France and other countries on the Continent, and
the, nation would suffer that way. \Vas it not evi-
dent that the consequence of a gold currency Would
be, that it would be brought into a most withering
contraction, and so cut off that trade which was of
the highest importance to the country ?
Mr. PEEL—In consequence of the course of po-
licy which he bad deemed it advisable to adopt in
the present Session; a series of unfounded calum-
nies bad been levelled at hint, which, however, be
had despised too much to condescend to notice
But there was one which, as it reflected on his
public and official character, he would, with the
: permission of the House, allude to on that occasion.
The report to which he alluded was, that he had
used his influence as Secretary of State to procure
an enormous grant of land for a relative of his.—
(Hear, hear.)—ln consequence of seeing this report
in the public newspapers, he had requested his
Right lion. Friend to move in that House for the
production of certain papers calculated to explain
the whole matter. Those papers had in conse-
quence been produced, and were now printed ; he
i• trusted, however, that the House would excuse him
for again alluding to the subject.—(Hear, hear.)—
He had hoped that the consequence of those papers
being printed would have been, that some Member
would have asked some questions on the subject ;
but though this was not the case, he had received
a communication which made him think that some
one out of doors had been imposed upon by the
calumny, though no Member of that House had
been so deceived.—(Cheering.)—He begged, in the
first place, to state most distinctly that he had pro-
cured no grant of land for any brother of his.—
(Hear, hear.)—A gentleman, whose name was the
same as his, and who was his second cousin, had
had a grant made him by his Right Hon. Friend;
but in that gram he begged to state to the House,
upon his word of honour, as a gentletnan, be had
had no participation whatever.—(Hear, hear.)—
Indeed, he really had so many cousins, and second
cousins, that it was not very likely that he
should use his influence in procuring large grants
in their favour. But with respect to this case,
the fact simply was, that some time since his
' cousin informed him that it was his intention
to go out to New South Wales as a settler.—
This was in the month of June, 1828. In
consequence of this communication from his cousin,
he wrote a letter to his Right Hon. Friend to the
effect, that a relation of his, of the name of Thomas
Peel, who was possessed of ample means and good
character, proposed going out to the Colony as a
settler, and that he should be obliged to his Right
Hon. Friend to give his cousin any facilities that be
properly could. He certainly did not think that
this letter was any undue exercise of his influence.
(Hear, hear.)—All that he had done was, on tinder-
standing that his cousin purposed going to New
South Wales, as a settler, to ask his Right Hon.
Friend to give him any facility that he consistently
could. With respect to the settlement on the Swan
River, be was ashamed to say that he had neither
heard nor knew of it, till he received a letter front
his cousin, announcing to him that he had abandoned
the idee of going to New South Wales ; and that
from the circumstance of Mr. Twi;s informing him
that Government would be disposed to afford aseist-
ancOto any settlers going to the Swan River, he
and three other gentlemen had been induced to send
in a proposal to that effect. He had subsequently
inquired of his Right Hon. Friend .on this peiur,
and understood from him that no arrangement had
been made in consequence of that proposal, and
front the particulars which his Right Hon. Friend
had afforded him, he had stated his conviction that
he hail done perfectly right in declining the pro-
posal ; in fact, the plan proposed was upon so large
a scale, that his Right Hon. Friend had not thought
it right to enter into any such arrangement till a full
report was received from Captain Stirling, respect-
ing the capabilities of the settlement ; and in con-
sequence, his cousin had been recommended to go
there as au individual settler. Whether the grant
to him had been right or wrong, he -(Mr. Peel)
would not endertake to say : all that he -had to do
was, to assure the House on the honour of a gen-
tleman, that he bad never made any application,
either directly or indirectly, to his Right Hon. Friend
further than what he had already stated ; and that
wl en the grant was made it never had even been
communicated to him.—(Hear' hear.)—With re-
spect to the other calumnies which had been pro-
mulgated against him, they rather went to private
matters, and he bad therefore not condescended to
notice them ; but as. this one had reference to the
public department in which he officiated, he had
thought it so far a public concern, as to venture to
ask the attention of the House while he trespassed
on it to disclaim any participation in the grant that
had been made.—! Hear, hear.)
Sir G. MURRAY—The House would, pro-
haldv, think, after the statement of his Right Hon.
Friend, that it would be unnecessary for hint to rise
to addles them.—(Hear, hear.)—He was satisfied
that the House knew that his Right Hon. Friend
was incapable of proposing any thing that would
come under the designation of what was vulgarly
called a job—(llcar, hear)—and if the House knew
his character as well as they did that of his Right
Hon. Friend, they woul.l also feel that, even suppos-
ing his Right Hon. Friend could have proposed such
a thing, he never would have acceded to it.—(Hear,
hear.)—The House was already in possession of
some of the particulars of the grant ; to those might
he added, that the proposal made by Mr. Thomas
Peel and his friends went to the taking out of
10,000 persons to the Swan Wver, in consequence
of which the Colonial Department had felt that
this would be risking to' flinch in the present early
state of the settlement. They had been advised to
arrange their proposal on a less extensive scale;
three of the gentlemen bad, in consequence, weir*
but Mr. .Thomas Peel still adhered to the scheme.
This, however, was merely accidental, and it might
just as well have happened that Mr. McQueen, or
any of the other gentlemen had remained, and Mr.
Thomas Peel retired.—(Hear, hear.)—After this
time all the proceedings went on in the Colonial
Office without his Right Hon. Friend having arty
acqUaintance with them,—(Hear, hear.)—He did
not complain of what had appeared in the public
were open to every one, they
must
papers,fr
necessarilyia
sthey
often be made the channel ofca-
lumniesi ca-
lumnies and mis-statements, as well as of useful in-
formation ; and as this was well known to be the
case, he had not thought it necessary to insert in
them any contradiction of the statement alluded to.
Mr. B.R.OUGHAM—He believed he should be
but speaking the sense of the ss hole House when he
said that he -had hearth for the first time in his life
the Right Hon. Gentleman make a speech that was
wholly unnecessary.—(Hear, That it would
have the effect out of doors of .silencing these who
had taken up the sulject was more than he could
answer for ; but this he would venture to pronounce,
that if this calumny produced no effect abroad, so it
produced no effect in that House, and might, there-
fore, be treated with the contempt it. deserved,
though, perhaps, as the matter had' some public re-
ference, the Right Hon. Gentleman had pursued the
safer course in thus affording it an unequivocal de-
hear.)—The Hon. and Learned Gent.
then proceeded to reply to the observations that had
been made on the petition which he had presented:
Upon the subject of the currency, which had
en-
grossed so much of the attention of the House
during the discussion, lie would merely say; that at

the time when the Noble Lord, now a Member
.of
the other House (Radnor), brought the question of
an equitable adjustment under consideration in the
years 1819 and 1822, he (Mr. Brougham) thought:
that it did not receive all the attention which it de-
served. The House decided then against the
proposal of an adjustment—the time being of
all others the best fitted for such an attempt,
because the currency had not been raised from
its state of depreciation. If, therefore, they
were of opnion that an adjustment should not
take place then, how much less was it fit that it
should take place now, when those great changes
had been effected to wWch Hon. Members alluded.
That adjustment was now placed beyond their
power ; and all he had now to hope was, that no
possible state of circumstances would ever induce
the Legislature again to tamper with the currency.
Mr. A. BARING would merely say, in answer
to the last observation of the Hon. Member (Mr.
Brougham), that the Government of this country
could not support the expence of two campaigns in
any war in which they might have the misfortune
to be engaged, without hem,/ driven to that tam-
pering which the Hon. Member contlemned.
Mr. BROUGHANI, in reply, expressed his
pleasure to hear that they possessed so good reason,
in addition to many others, for avoiding the evils in
future.

The petition was then ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE.

Mr. Secretary PEEL gave notice of his intention
to move, on Friday, that the House adjourn until the
Friday following.

TURNPIKE BILLS.

On the motion of Mr. LITTLETON, it was or-
dered that all Committees on petitions for leave to
bring in Bills to continue and amend Acts establish•
ing turnpike trusts, be henceforth discontinued; and
that the parties lie required to prove their compli-
ance With the Standing Orders before the Com-
mittee on the Bills.
DISTRESS OF THE LABOURING CLASSES.

. Mr. W. HORTON said, that after what had
taken place during the evening, he should not offer
any further observations on his resolutions respecting
the causes of, or remedies for, the
.distress among
the labouring and manufacturing classes.

The resolutions were then pu—t and negatived.
CANADA.

Mr. LABOUCHERE postponed unzil to-
morrow (this day) his motion for Papers respecting
Canada.

SLAVE TRADE.

Mr. OTWA.Y CAVE then said—ln moving the
Resolutions which I shall have the honour of sub-
mitting to the House, having for their object the
freedom, of all children born of , slave, parents after
the first of January, 1830, I do not pretend to any
originality, nor can I be charged with any presump-
tion, when this House is reminded that this very
proposition was brought forward so long as about
thirty years ago, by one of the most favored Minis-
ters of the Crown, sanctioned also and countenanced
by the West Indian proprietors themselves. I
should do injustice to the subject, and take up the
time of the House unnecessarily, were I to enter
into any detailed arguments in support of these
Resolutions, because they only require. to be enun-
ciated that they may at once be recognised l.y thiS
or any other Representative Assembly, professing
to be guided by justice ; and I only call upon this
House to uphold its own principles, and to protect
-those rights which must be admitted to exist de fare,
although they are daily and notoriously violated
de facto, in our colonies. In all the discussions
which have taken place on this great and con-
stitutional question, the essential distinction ap-
pears to have been most unaccountably lost sight
of between things and human beings—between
things brutish or inanimate, nhiclt are. in them-
selves incapable of having any natural rights
of their own—and human . beings, all -of whom
have natural rights, namely,•those of life. and-liberty
—for the protection Of which all laws and legisla-
tures are instituted—which No law or legishiture
can confer or take away, unless where crime be com-
mitted. It will be quite enough, us it appears to
me, to quote only two authorities on the point. The
first is Blackstone, wile in book 1, chap. 10, says,
" That those rights which God and nature have
established, and are therefore called natural rights
(such as are life and liberty), need not the aid of
human laws, to be more effectually vested in every
man than they are; neither do they receive any ad-
ditional strength, when declared by municipal, or hu-
man laws, to be inviolable. On the contrary, no hu-
man legislature has power to abridge or destroy them,
unless the owner shall himself commit some criminal
act that amounts to a forfeiture." I will only add
to that, the opinion of Sir H. C. Tindall, whose
authority fur professional attainment and sobriety of
judgment, will not, I think, be disputed by any one
who hears me. He saes, " Every subject of time
State has a right to life and liberty, and the Go-
vernment that would invade those rights, would not
only violate the law, but would be acting on a prin
ciple whose operation would destroy the Govern-
ment itself. But to deny public offices to persons
holdirg opinions injurious to the State, is quite
another thing from the deprivation of natural rights."
—May sth, 18'28, Debate on the Catholic Ques-
tion.-1 assert, on Blackstone's authority, there-
fore, that all the British born subjects, as the Ne-
groes are admitted to be, are from their birth en-
titled to the protection of the Sovereign in return
for their allegiance ; and that no Legislature on earth
is competent to take away from them their title to
that protection. Time, I admit, may give a good legal
title to property, however originally acquired ; but
the rule is only applicable to things inanimate or
brutal, which having no inherent rights of their own,
are capable of being subjected to the artificial pro-
prietary interests of civil society, and as the only
question with respect to such things is, who shall
possess them, time, custom, and possession are the
best guides to decide the dispute. The rule has no
sort of application to human beings, and 110 British
subject can therefore be legally compelled to be-
come the slave of another British subject. Let us
no longer, therefore, be told, that innocent British
children are condemned to slavery within the domi-
nion of the British Crown, by any other principle
than that of the law of the strongest. Sir, forty
years have now elapsed since this great Constitu-
tional question- has been brought before the House,
yet nothing definite has yet been done to put an end
to a state of things which may perhaps be a matter
of indifference to the frivolous and worldly-minded,
but which is deplorable, shocking, and revolting to
the religious, the generous, and the humane ; and I
trust that this House will not separate without prey
flouncing- an opinion upon it. The Hon. Member
concluded by moving the following Resolutions :
" Resolved, Ist. That nu human Legislature has any
lawful pow: rto abridge or destroy the natural rights f
life and liberty, unless the owner shall himself commit
some criminal act that amounts to a forfeiture.

" 2. That although neither the GoVernment nor the
-Legislature of this country have arrogated to themselvi s
the power of destroying the natural rights of innocent
British subjects, or of delegating any such power to other
authorities, it is a notorious fact that in many British
Colonies lying remote from the immediate observation of
the Government, innocent British born subjects are, from
the' time of their birth, robbed of their natural rights, and
converted into slaves. _ _ _

" S. That it is the especial duty of this House, as the
Representatives of the -people, to take effeillal measures
for prot sting all British subjects that shall be -porn hence-
forward in. the West Indian Colonies, from similar viola-
tions of their natural, inherent, and Paramount rights a,
human beings." -
The motion being seconded by Mr. LUMLEY,
Mr. W. SMITH said he could not gtve his sup-
port to these resolutions, because they were con-
nected with a question of too much importance to be
agitated in such a manner, and at such a period of
the session.

Mr. HUSKISSON was of opinion that resale•
dons of such a description as the-e brought forward
by the Honourable Member, ought to be met by
direct negative. _

Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the
House. proceeded to divide ; but as it appeared that
no Member's supported the Resolutions except the

- -
60'
Mover the Seconder, anu twat _toe-L.lolr, •
fore, bad no Members to act as Telleri, tia3 .•
lotions •
lotions were declared to be negatived..,,
division.
c4e4'
The other Orders of the were t at 4
hen On,
of, and the House adjourned at Halt-pa St.
o'clock.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE-(THIS .D
.

FROM LLOYD'S

•
DEAL, JUNE 4.Wind W.—Arrived tbe -1611.4°'
---
Renwick, Tut ner, froM- Jamaica; and Juliana, frP.,:
Berm!. Passed from 'London, the Asia, for low'
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE 4.—Wifid Westerly :51,i
rived the Brighton, ',Cyber, from New Ite;
Passed the Lord Amherat, Ardley, from 0111
sailed the 20th of January;Cape the 24th 0(14,1°,0
and St. Helena the 16th of April. Sailed the 'he
transport, for Halifax; -Atwick, Jeffries, fir
,tfor
Swan River; and Duke of Bedford; BoviePt..
Madras.. ;041
PLYMOUTH, JUNE 3.—Wind
the Ann and Amelia transport; from Malta.
the Mary Ann, Hopton, for Van Dieman's LaA
ri
The Reliance, Timmins, from China, has 00
ed
off Brighton.
The General Kyd, Serle, from London; 111-0,BI:011
Ma:ia, from the Isle of France; the Sarah' gyp.
gerford, Heath, both from Bengal,
Tore: iffy ; the Mountaineer; Canny, and Lordl3," t
St. Helena. •.
The Albion, from Tobago, is supposed to be artn,
rived off Plymouth ; and the Union, from St. Vince.;
in the Downs. have arrived

TRIUMPHAL ENTRY OF MR. O'CONI,-
r,lf

INTO DUBLIN.

I(From the Dabl;n Fieeman's Journal of Wedste,4lo
Yesterday having been fixed upon as the dill °'o
I which Mr. O'Connell was to return from Eng
tt
a number of. gentlemen proceeded at an eirly °lO
to Kingstown, where a steamboat .was in readines3
to convey them to Howth, where Mr. O'Cl)nra
was to have arrived by the Holyhead packet. Itid
little time the steamer entered Howth harbour, °lilt
the Committee went ashore. It would be elidictid
to describe the meeting of the immortal -patri6t
his friends. Greetings of the most ardent here
l
merited the joyous occasion: Mr,.O'Connell blue
a blue frock, with the Association buttons,
trowseTs, and a blue travelling cap, with a 011 w'ouecl
surmounted with a bit of green ribbon. He L°
remarkably weil after all his toils for the libPralf
of
.his country. The party having formed-P:
procession, along the quay, got on board the steam`
about 1 o'clock, the band playing_"
Home
Home." , mist
When the party gained the " midway," -tae rort
which hung over Kingstown during the enritree
of the morning was dissipated by a -brilliant 003..5f
the sky was quite serenethe surface of the of
was almoet unruffled—and the romantic scenei,.edth
Dublin Bay broke upon the view. The entire le.
of way, from the left pier as far as the Fortr ctiot°4°o
road, and thence on to the Anglesea Arkrivbe
crowded with men and women—the young all.u;Le
old—and all rivalling each other in enthusiaso:4o
elamations. When the Kingsto wit enterti,:d
Royal Harbour, two more rockets Were fire age
the band struck up, " See the conquering. 7til
comes." The moment was truly happy---4'%e:
shout of welcome issued from the shore, and $O5 !.ifv
t
sponded to by plaudits, which, if not so loud, 4be-..
certainly not less rapturous. In a few mints teo ire
entire party were safely landed upon the spot °b jo
Majesty took his departure from IrelaM' re
1821. The shouts of applause at that moment
really astounding, and it was not till after friquele,
remonstrances that silence was in some ineaglre4...
stored.NKtiirfgesto and
neocilhoOrdi degrelln7lnesimepeearjyri:eiapwlpifir°oei:Chaebe ea'
tenor, and having greeted him upon his
presented Mr. O'Connell with a very elegant: and aid
posite address, couched in energetic lanFitage,
expressive of the sense cute: twined by the inhattio,7l
of Kingstown and its vicinity, of Mr. O'Conne.%t
virtues, both public and private, and of the
and incalculable good he has achieved for his.enu.';
try.. Mr. O'Connell.. returned a verbal answer, 11
which he warmly acknowledged the compliTehlii.
paid to him, and pledged himself to 'devote' abge-,
faculties and. time during the -remainder :of. his
to the improvement of Ireland—her agriculture, Pig
nutactures, and trade, and to the amelioration
ce
the condition of her people. Mr. O'Connell thend,
proceeded along the Rail-road, as far as the silt
house, and was followed by a vast crowd of Ivainlj.
hearted people. • Exactly opposite to the sta-Al
satrei!ideae:rriLtsivbalac::
house, was the carriage in which Mr. CeCt-ej
‘‘-le''hlsictloe,b•edreaollii-vneybeyd
horses, belonging to Quinn of Bray.. - The.Ptte,
sixto thfienecitgyr.ey,lto‘rvasr4athvierrY,..wer:bhtie;
lions wore sky-blue jackets, turned up With giro
Immediately before this, stood the carriages id
Earl of Miltown, Mr. O'Connell's, conttoni°6 'cw
daughters and youngest son, Mr..Fiessineons,
raining Air. and Mrs. Fitzsimon, Mr.• -MabriYhe:
O'Brien's, and Mr. Browift,• 4111", 0
hind Mr. O'Connell's carriage were 11 bleo
Many carriages, gigs, and jaunting cars,. be9ol
an innumerable crowd of horsemen and pedestr:;
There could not have been less than 35,000 Pern-11,t1
on the beach at the moment of the landingfailier
when the cavalcade reached the Rock, the li—here
must have increased to 50,000. At Merrien.t"the
was a very neat triumphal arch drawn actes9l,o4
road, and at either end were flags bearing te
patriotic inscriptions. The cortege reached
street about four o'clock. At Nassau-street it ,et
not without much difficulty, and the most ettr:tk
entreaties of Mr. O'Connell himself, that'the
cede was permitted to pass through—the PePti the
having formed the whimsical notion of dravynicirilo
Liberator's carriage around the statue of King
liam the Third. In Leiester-street, the crowd soe
ped the carriage, opposite Mr. Shell's-house, s"the
they gave three hearty cheers. As soon as.oo,
procession reached the corner of South Aferriibe
square, it was found impossible to advance. ,the
idea elf getting the people to move on was out Coss'
queatiore After a few minutes' delay Mr. hCt
nell and his two sons, and a few friends abg—ievi
and in a little time. his presence on the balee-iih
surrounded by his amiable family, was cheered ;ctbe
enthusiasm. From• the balcony he addresse' ios
multitude, but so great was the noise we could ce.
hear a word. The caned began to disperse, Pemit
ably, at six o'clock. We are happy to state ;of
no accident marred the harmony and jolousnes-
the occasion.

to
His 'AIAJIis rY entertained a select PrteY 5?.
dinner yesterday, at his residente in the King's Palm

Jawes';.
Yes-
The Duke of CUMIiEIII,AND left towo sir
terday, morning., in a carriage and four, attendetiwiloor
GEORGE QUENTIN, Colonel POTEN, and Colonel iilippyol
TON, for Epsom Races, after witnessing which, 13ii,s11$0,,
Highness returned to his residence iu the King'
St. JJIneS'Ll.
• • el

Baron Btmow, the Prussian Minister, -te,
the French Charge d'Affaires, transacted business Yegiori
day at the Office of the Secretary of State fur 14' •
Affairs.
A Deputation from the Australian C°ll./FijaY.
attended at the Coloni:il-office, Dawning-street, Yetfr
and hid a conference with the CIL% NCELLOA Of •.t..7 •

cirEeuEa. .
arr.
ALNIACK'S Grand Ball on Wednesday ev t' 0,4- i
ing was numerously and fashionably attended ; i 6 —off ''
'
highness the Duke of CUNIBERLAND. Princes 1°251' the
sic:. and DE CIIIMAY, the Duke of BcccLE,-rc_tr i per'
Duchess of MoNraosE, and many other distingui°v'.
sons. were present. -. ,r vi' 0
On Monday afternoon, a public dill'l off,
fnivten in the Exchange Hall, Nottingham (Lord ROc h, 01
civil and
to commemorate the recent triturP—ifero
religioir liberty. Nearly 300 rers°l4 :-
present.
