f CZZ
eln

LONDON,
SATURDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 28, 1 835

Lord STANLEY'S position is by no means an enviable
one. Had he succeeded in frustrating the intentions of
the Reformers in the House of Commons, by throwing his
puny shield between them and the Tory Government,
the success of the exploit might have flattered his va-
nity, and in some degree consoled him for the sacrifice
of consistency and public principle. Ho might have said
to himself—" I have, 'tis true, forfeited the good opinion of
those who consider honesty of purpose the best foundation
of a Statesman's character—l have sacrificed every hope of
rising to eminence founded on popular favour ; but I have
gained one object—l am at all events the leader of a
party capable of over-ruling the proceedings of the other
parties, and thus controuling the measures of the Admi-
nistration." This, we allow, would have been but a poor
consolation to a noble mind, however gratifying to vulgar
ambition. But even this comfort has been denied to poor
Lord STANLEY. He has been completely baffled in his first
essay—unhorsed on his very entrance into the lists. Instead
of the leader of a large or respectable party, he is merely the
wagger of a miserable tail—the detested tail is, we under-
stand, the name by which the milk-and-water rump has been
christened by some flonoth:zNe Members. This appropriate
epithet is applied, no doubt, for the purpose of distinguishing it
from the highly respectable appendage of the Hcp.and Learned
Member for Dublin, whom we beg to congratulate oil the
triumph he has achieved over the Noble Lord ; for what can
be a greater triumph than to see a haughty rival imitate his
example, tread in his footsteps, and, after all, be left
so far behind. But whatever name be hereafter
given to the Stanley tail, we cannot help observing that it
appears to us to be a very sensitive tail---more so indeed
than that whose sensitiveness has passed into a proverb,
namely, the tail of a tom. cat. Mr. HUME in the course
of his most excellent speech happened to say something
about " wolves in sheep's clothing, looking for a
fold where they could enter and enjoy the good
things of place ;" when in an instant the tail is
bustled up—every joint is in motion—up start some half
dozen Honourable Members, all indignantly disclaiming the
vile insinuation. This is truly amusing, and reminds us at
once of the words of a worthy Member of an ancient,
honest and incorruptible fraternity :

" If he mention vice or bribe,
'Tis so pat to all the tribe,
Each cries—That was levelled al me."

The Tories, it is clear, are in the last stage of political
paralysis. Their self-confidence is gone—their energy is
subdued—their sagacity is at low-water mark—and every
step they take, only leads them deeper and deeper info
the " Slough of Despond." A few months ago, and who
so sanguine—who so resolute as Sir ROBERT PEEL ?
Vow, who so utterly downcast ? But eight short
weeks since he spoke in the most scornful terms of
what he called " the pressure from without." The
country, he said, " was sick of it," and he, conveniently inter-
preting the sense of the country, was " sick" of it too.
Now, he speaks in a very . different spirit. He has now
learned that the " pressure from without," declared through
its organ the House of Commons, is too strong for him,
and, to :use his own sincere and emphatic language: last

night, "if I endeavoured to subvert it, I should not
succeed." Yet it was to get rid of this dreaded " pressure"
that the Right Hon. Baronet took the bold step of dis-
solving the Parliament! Will he venture to repeat
the step ? Having run his head against one wall, will
he venture to bob it a second time against such stubborn,
unyielding brick and mortar ? We suspect not: Sir ROBERT
though a man of resolution, is still more remarkable for his
discretion. He is not an oak to brave the fury of the
storm, but rather a willow to bow his head and let it blow

over him.
However, be that as it may—dissolution or no dissolu-:
tion—one thing is evident, the Tories cannot maintain them-
selves in office. Their day of grace is past. They have had
their trial ; first, on the King's Speed', secondly on Sir R.
PEEL'S official declaration the other evening, and in both
cases, within the brief space of three days, a solemn, deli-
berate verdict of Guilty has been recorded against them.
Was this a factious verdict on the part of those who con-
demned them ? Surely not, for they were tried by a Par-
liament chosen, for that express purpose, by themselves
Mr. HUME'S remarks on this subject, were distinguished
by much good sense and spirit. Speaking of the reformers
who sate in judgment on the Ministry, be said, " to show
that they were not the rope of sand which they had been
described by Hon. Members opposite, they were deter-
mined to keep united on that one point, however they
might differ on others, until they had obtained their object
—the removal of Ministers." Possibly the misguided
Tories think that the STANLEY and GRAHAM faction trill be
a " tower of strength" to them in their emergency. If so,
they will find themselves egregiously deceived. They
will lose, rather than gain, by 'such interested aid, for

the STANLEY waverers have little or no moral influence in
the country.. .They are mere political Marplots, and oscil-
late between Reform and No-Reform, like Mahomet's cof-
fin, between •heaven and earth. Now this is a period;
beyond all others that ever existed in England, when men
are called on to be decided in their opinions. We re-
cognise but two parties,—the Reformers and the
Non. Reformers. Of the trimmers—the turn-coats—
the waverers—of those whose main. policy it is to rely on
the chapter of accidents for advancement (and of such
is the STANLEY and GRAHAM squad composed,) who will be
Liberal this day, Tory the next ; now a little black and
now a little white ;—of this chameleon-like party, we know
nothing. As Falstaff says, " they are neither fish, flesh,
nor good red herring ; a man knows not what to make of
them." How deplorable, then, must be the condition of a
Ministry which is compelled to rely on the doubtful—the
disastrous help of a squad like this? if ever party was
placed in a false position, the Tories are at the present mo-
ment. The country repudiates them—the House repu-
diates them—the independent portion of the Press re-
pudiates them—they are supported solely by a crafty,
trimming faction, which hopes to lift itself into power on
their overthrow.

We hope the electors of Westminster will keep their
every eye fixed on the movements of Sir FRANCIS
BURDETT. " Westminster's pride and England's glory"
requires close watching in his old age. " The flardng
patriot, who so lately scorched us in the East, now sinks
temperately in the West, and is hardly felt as he descends."
These words of JUNIUS apply with peculiar force to Sir
FRANCIS BURDETT at the present juncture.

Every friend of humanity—every enemy of slavery—
must rejoice at the cordial unanimity of opinion which pre-
vailed in the House of Lords last night, with respect to the
necessity of following up, in a proper spirit; the Emancipa-
tion Act of last Session, by the adoption of a course of
instruction suited to the capacity of the enfranchised
Negroes. The answers which were given to the questions
proposed by Lord MULGRAVE to the Right Hon. the Colo-
nial Secretary, were most satisfactory ; and the manner in
which these answers were received by the House, indica-
tive of a cordial concurrence in their justness and propriety.

It is impossible that the Dissenters can rate too highly
the warm eulogium pronounced by Lord MULGRAVE on the
conduct of the missionaries. The Noble Earl pronounced
them " as discreet as they were zealous" in all their pro-
ceedings, and that in every instance they yielded to his re-
presentations, when he had Occasion to point out to
them, that the state of the island was not at that
moment such as to warrant an exercise •of over-
zeal." Higher praise than this the Noble Earl could not
bestow on the Missionaries ; and we are pleased to find
that it was received in the kindliest spirit by the House,
and responded to in a proper tone by the organ of the
Government for that department. "Unfortunately," observed
the Earl of ABERDEEN in his answer to the questions proposed
by the Ex-Governor of Jamaica, " great animosity existed
amongst the religious sects in Jamaica, and he would not go
far as the Noble Earl in saying that the zeal of some of
them did not outrun their discretion ; but still he could as-
sure the Noble Earl that they should all have the full pro-
tection of the law while in the exercise of their pro-
per duties ; and he admitted that their exertions and motives
were generally highly laudable, particularly as connected
with the Act of emancipation, for if the religious education
of the slaves be not attended to, and they were kept
in a state of ignorance to the expiration of their ap-
prenticeship, instead of their emancipation being a blessing,
it would be the greatest curse that could *befall. them. To
those missionaries, therefore, against whom great prejudice
existed, the Government would of course be happy to give
every assistance to pursue their laudable objects in safety
and tranquillity." Such sentiments as these are worthy the
most liberal Administration, and, if duly acted upon, will
confer the greatest blessing upon our colonies. The pre-
sent Government have given us a guarantee far their
sincerity on this question, by continuing the Marquis of
SLIGO as Governor of Jamaica--a Nobleman whose ge-
neral conduct in his MA office has been guided by cour-
tesy, discretion, and the most christianly humane senti-
ments towards the unhappy race, who are, more especially,
objects of his parental solicitude.

St. John's (New Brunswick) Papers- to the Ist February,
and Cape of Good Hope Papas to. the 25th December,
have been received at the North and South American
Coffee-house. •

The New Brunswick Papers are full of the debates in
the House of Assembly, which took place on. Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday ; they are not of much impor-
tance. Mr. CRANE proposed to add three-pence per gallon
on the present duty on rum imported, into the province—
his motion was carried. The attention of the House, on
Tuesday, was directed to the boundary line between 'that
province and the United States. The• amendment pre-
posed by Mr. WILMOT was unanimously carried—a speedy
and final settlement. On Wednesday the Assembly went into
a Committee of the whole House, in consideration of the
several Messages from his Excellency, which are not of
importance.
The New Brunswick papers also contain a message
from his Excellency the Governor, accompanied with the
following documents : . - -
First, a copy of a despatch from his Majesty's Secretary
of State for the Colonies, dated May 2, 1834, in answer to
the petition of the Legislature last year relative to the timber
duties, in which it was stated that it was not the intention
Of his Majesty's Government to propose ony.alteration affect-
ing the trade of the current year, and that no step would be
taken in the matter without the fullest consideration of Co-
lonial interest and views. Secondly, d copy of a dispatch
from the Colonial Secretary, accompanied by some very
long explanatory documents, containing the reasons why his
Majesty's Ministers could not advise his. Majesty to confirm
the Act of the House of Assembly, passed in 1832, for the
purpose of making provision for the Custom-house esta-
blishment.

The Cape of Good Hope papers contain little informa-
tion of importance—only stating that many complaints are
made of the scarcity of money', and many suspect that there
is a deficiency in the circulating medium but the circu-
lating medium being Colonial parer, it cannot leave the
settlement.

BAD NEWS FOR TIIE LAWYERS.—The Court of
Exchequer, on Monday last, finished its list of Common Jury
cases set down for trial in the city of London; thus leaving
two or three blank days for the amusement of the gentlemen
of the long robe. The King's Bench, it is said, will scarcely
leave a rentanet. This decrease in the business, however satis-
factory to suitors who wish to have their causes tried and dis
posed of, must be death and destruction to those who have
been acewtorprd to etrget sgb lame 0.814 from thewtrii
of rentanets and refreshers.

SECOND EDITION.

SUN OFFICE, Four o' Clock.

HIS MAJESTY'S REPLY TO THE

ADDRESS.

We understand that his Majesty's reply to the
Addres was to the following effect :—" That his Ma-
jesty regrets that the Commons do not concur in the
necessity of the late diseolution ; and that he never
did, and never will. exercise any of his prerogatives
for any other purpose than for the good of his people."
