PRICES OF LEATHER

Crop Hides, 30 to 40Ib. each
---40 50

Per lb.

d 1.2. to
103. Per lb. d. to d
hl Horse Hides, German l4 21
121. 15 I --- Spanish
....... +•••••••*.A.I 11JV
Bull Hides
Butts, Vitriol --- ---- 50 00 *2ll 24
English l5 23 I-- 70 100 *l4 21
—..Foreign
Foreign Hides lO 12 -- small l6 17
Dressing Hides
Shaved .... 15 19 Basils 7 14
Bed Saddlers Hides lO 13 ißellies
Horse Hides, English
• If rounded 2il._th 4d per lb more.

PRICE OF TALLOW
Town Tallow Od.
Yellow Russia
White —s. Od.
Soap Ditto —s. Od.
Melting Stuff ........ 38s. Od.
Ditto Rough • 255. Od.

PRICE (V RAW I
Price of Tallow (as stated by the T

', SOAP, &c per 1121 b.
Yellow Soap
Mottled s. 1141
Curd s Od
Graves I-Is. Oil,
Good Dregs

PRICE OF
The price of good Store Candles ii
Candles, per dozen, is. Od. ; it
Sixpence per dozer

'AT, per stone of Slb.
allow Mekers) 2s BY, t.

COAL MAIL
s. el.
Burden
Holy well 2O 6
Ord's Itedhugh l7 0
Pontop Windsor l7 6
South Hartley l9 0
Tanfield 2O 0 ,
Townley l7 9I
West Hartley
Wylam l9 6
Walls End Hilda 2O 3
Walls End Killi%worth 20113
Walls End Newmarch 2O 3
Ships arrived since 1

CANDLES.
n the Retail Shops is as follows :
Iferior, 6s. (Id.—Moulds, Ss. tid.
discount for cash.

Per Ton

,KEI.--Aug, 1

I'er Ton. s. d.
Walls End Riddell's
Lambton's Primrose
Walls End Braddyll's 2l
Walls End Lambton 2l 9
Walls End Russel's Hetton 2l 9
Walls End Stewart s ........ 21 9
Walls End Hartlepool
Walls End South Durham,,,, 20 3
Walls End St. Helen's Tees 2O 6
Walls End Victoria Tees 2O 0
Walls End %Vest Hetton l9 3
Smithson': Low Laiths l6 6
last market-day. 65.

NEWCASTLE CORN MARKET.—JuIy 30.
New. Old.
Wheat, Northumberland 4Bl. s'2s —s.—s.l
Norfolk and Sullolk 49s. 633....... ....S. ...S.
Berwick and Scotch 46e. a —B. bls.
Foreign
Rye, Norfolk and Suffolk
Foreign s. —s —s. —s.
Barley, Malting, Norfolk and Suffolk... —s. —s —a. —s.
Grinding and Feeding 304. 31s
Malt, Norfolk and Suffolk s7s. Gls —s. —s.
Beans, Small 12s. 355....... —s. —s.
Tick 31s. 23s —a. —s.
Pease, White '36s. 395..... —s. —s.
Gray 284 32* —s. —s.
Oats, Northumberland, I'otatoe ......:.. 244,253 22s. 245.
--- Feed • '9.s 24s l9s 234.
.L.... f °reign —s —s s .;,
Flour (per sack) —s. —s. 3ss. 395.

MEETING OF CREDITORS TO-MORROW.
H. Newton, silk-inereer, Regent-street 1 at 1

The more distant parts of the country are stepping
forward in support of their suffering brethren in the Highlands.
—Scotch Paper.

EXTRAORDINARY CURE OF HYDROPHOBIA.—
We observe, says the Scots Times, that in this disease there
is a constant thirst, and great dryness of skin; the pulse is
quick and hard, the whole system appears to have undergone a
violent change, and nothing distresses the patient so much as
the pain and difficulty of deglutition. Under these circum-
stances, were the patient to be placed in a warm or vapour
bath, and kept there till perspiration takes place, were the
most suitable diaphoretics had recourse to, and the skin kept
in a state of perspiration for some time, we, iu reasoning from
analogy, might be able to subdue the thirst and febrile action,
and perhaps, by the exhalent arteries, throw off the disease
from the fluids of the body. In illustration of this a most
interesting case appeared lately in the Dublin Morning
Post, and which was detailed as follows :—" In my early
days (says the narrator) there lived in the neighbourhood
where I was brought up a man who had the misfortune to be
bitten by a dog that was considered to be in a rabid state.
Some time afterwards the man grew unwell, and almost im-
mediately manifested all the horrible symptoms of hydro-
phobia, which increased to such an alarming degree, that his
friends had come to the resolution of adopting the dreadful
alternative of putting an end to his existence by suffocation,
and for this purpose four men'spread a bed on the floor and
forced the unfortunate man down upon it, covering him with
another bed, upon which they stretched themselves to prevent
his getting breath, while his wife and a few relations were in
another apartment awaiting the awful event. The struggles
and groans of the unfortunate victim were for some time ade-
quate to make human nature shudder, during which time his_e
wife's feelings cannot be described. After a little time, the
noise in the fatal apartment ceased, when she rushedin with
frantic despair, and with almost supernatural strength forced
the men from off her husband's body, declaring that let the
consequence be what it would, she would let the Almighty
take the manner of her husband's death in his own hand.'
When she removed the bed he lay almost lifeless ; and so ar-
dent had been his struggle, that the sweat had oozed from
every pore, and in such a quantity, that it formed a small dam
on the floor. After he was exposed to the air a short time, he
revived, and sat up, telling the bystanders that his madness
had entirely left him ; and it was so in reality, for he lived long
and happily with his wife, who had been so instrumental in
saving his life, and had by her a large family after his reco-
very. lie died at last a natural death."

On the 7th instant, a schooner, under the Portuguese
flag, called the Paquete de Madeira, sailed for the island of
Zanzibar with wine and spirits ; she is about 150 tons
register, painted black, has no head, bright varnished masts,
with black yards, boom, and gaff, but little rake, taunt
rigged, sails by the head very fast, and by her appearance
is a very suspicious-looking vessel at all times.
A Portuguese brig named the 27th of September (ff,l7-
merly the French merchant brig Clementine, sold in this
port purposely for this nefarious traffic ; several of the per-
sons concerned in this disgraceful enterprise are foreigners,
enjoying here the protection of a constitutional government)
is nearly ready for sea, and will be away in about four-
teen days hence, direct for the bay of Lourengo Marques,
also with wine and spirits. She is a low straight-sheered
rather rakish black brig, about 180 tons register, with a
black bust woman head, black mast head and yards,
mast, long polled topgallantmast, bowsprit and jibboom
bright varnished, the two last are black at the caps only ;
the main boom bright varnished from the jaws to the taff-
rail, with a black end and black gaff studding sail booms,
bright varnished, with black ends ; iron stern davits, painted
copper colour ; has no quarter-davits ; hoists forehead a
blue house-flag, with a white triangle from the centre to the
bottom ; carries about twenty hands ; has sweeps on board,
to row her in light winds or calms ; she is a remarkably
smart-looking vessel, and is a clipper in every respect. Their
abominable establishment is in the bay of Lourenpo Marques,
near Mozambique, where they keep a sort of hut, with eat-
ables and drinkables, to decoy the unfortunate wretches, for
the purpose of kidnapping them.
The Paquete de Madeira, the schooner I have previously
alluded to, on her first voyage, having arrived at the bay of
Lourenpo Marques, with a supercargo, a brother of the
agent established there, pretended to honour his brother
with a salute ; and the vessel approached so near the shore
(a preconcerted plan, no doubt) as to send the wadding of
the guns into a hut built on the sea-shore, which ignited ;
and while the attention of the inhabitants was employed in
extinguishing it, the said agent, with some civilized Africans
(Ladinos) who were in ambush on the opposite side of the
river, with a sufficient number of negrees for a cargo, wait-
ing for a favourable opportunity to put them on board, the
anchor was weighed, without delay, and she proceeded to
the Havannah, got there in safety, and sold them at an
enormous price. She then loaded a cargo of sugar and
coffee for this port, and arrived here about three months
since, consigned to a P. M. Schaeffer, a foreigner. The
names and professions of all those concerned in this
abominable trade are well known, and it is but just that
they should be held up to psblie indignation ; perhaps it
would have no effect, as they boast of being certain of
fnture success (it is to be hoped some vigilant cruiser will
frustrate their inhuman speculations, and make them pay
dearly for their temerity), by which they are to amass so
much wealth as to enable them to erect palaces, the walls
of which are to be cemented with the blood of impious
slavery.
_

Asl have every reason to believe that his Majesty's Go-
vernment are already aware of vessels being fitted out in
this port for the slave trade, it is to be hoped they will talc:a
such measures with her Most Faithful Majesty's Govern-
ment as will at once put a stop to this infamous and inhuman
traffic.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.

MARLBORO U GH-S TREE T.

An Irishwoman named Corrigan, was charged by Chap-
wan, a Mendicity Society's officer, with having been found
begging. On Sunday last several Irish, well known as
common beggars, were taken into custody, amongst whom
was the prisoner, who, with her husband, who escaped,
was seen to beg at the doors of the Sutton-street Chapel.
The husband having yesterday come to the office to learn
the destination of his wife, he was recognised and brought
before Mr. Chambers. His appearance was filthy and
ragged, and his hat was crammed with papers.
Mr. CHAMBERS—What are you ? .Corrigan—A school-
master, plase yer reverence.

Mr. CHAMBERS—A schoolmaster ! You are a very
ragged one. What do you teach ? Is it the art of beg-
ging ? Corrigan—No. I taitch rading and spelling, and
the English language, bekase everybody knows its the best
English they spake in Ireland.

Mr. CHAMBERS—What have you got in your bat ?—The
schoolmaster appeared reluctant to show the papers, on
which Carter, the officer, took them from him, and handed
them to the Magistrate.
Mr. CHAMBERS read the following titles of some of the
papers :—" Politics for the poor ;" " Reasons for establish-
ing an O'Connell rent in England," and letter the first from
D. O'Connell to the people of England, headed, in large
capitals, " Justice for Ireland."

Mr. CHAMBERS-It has been proved that you and your
wife were begging, so I shall send you both to prison for
21 days.

UNION-HALL.

Yesterday IVm. Mann was brought up for re-examina-
tion, charged with bigamy. In 1818, the prisoner, who at
that period was about 16 years of age, married a woman,
his senior by at least seventeen years. They lived toge-
ther for some years, and then he abandoned her, and went
into the country, where he remained for several years with-
out any communication taking place between them. The
first wife, who is now advanced in years, having recently
ascertained that her husband had got another wife in town,
came up from Brighton, and having traced them to a house
in the district in this office, communicated with him upon
the subject. He did not deny the fact of his second mar-
riage, but, in order to pacify the mind of his first wife, he
made her an offer of a very singular kind, to which, how-
ever, she refused to acquiesce. It was, that if she con-
sented to come and live with him again, in the house with
his second wife, that he would do all 'that lay in his power
to make both as happy as he possibly could. When he
found the first wife would not listen to such an arrangement
as the one he proposed, he then, during an interview that
took place on the subject between them, assaulted her, and
excited her anger to such a degree that she determined on
adopting the present proceedings against him.
The prisoner was remanded until Friday next.

THE DERBY DINNER.--It is now finally arranged
that the dinner to Mr. O'Connell is to take place on Monday
the Bth of August, on which day the Reformers of Derby will
demonstrate their zeal in the cause they have espoused, by
honouring a man who, despite the villany practised against him
by the Tories, has risen to a station of eminence and power
rarely, if ever, attained before.—North Derbyshire Chronicle.
Since our last we have had a violent storm from the
N. E., accompanied by incessant and heavy rain. The gale
commenced about two o'clock yesterday morning, and blew
violently through the night and yesterday until about six o'clock
in the evening, when it abated. The thermometer during the
day was at 50 and 48.—Edinburgh Courant of Saturday.
Professor Wilson of Edinburgh intends to visit
Paisley, his native town, at the ensuing races, and his
fellow-townsmen mean to mark the respect they entertain for
him, as one of the most distinguished literary characters of
the age, by a public dinner.
THE " LITERARY" MAN C011y1111a111) who
lately figured at the Mansion House for defrauding a London
merchant, is the same youth who was tried two years ago, and
was pretty well known, says the Carlisle Journcil, by the name
of 66 Bilty Quin." We have heard of his carrying on his
6' literary" labours in this way for more than 12 months.
BISHOPS AS THEY WERE AND EVER WILL BE.—.
In the funeral sermon for James 1., preached by Bishop Wil-
liams, Keeper of the Great Seal, and entitled, " Great Bri-
tain's Solomon, we are told, that his Majesty " was in hand
with a translation of the Psalms when God called him to sing
psalms with the angels." This discourse is a comparison
of James with Solomon, but to the manifest disadvantage of
his Judaical Majersatcyleeveto(n in w
Nc.oirntudeu.ct,an"d Eavemry action
iisdom and eloquence. As for
saieti the
xlempt Bhiismhopfroel Limnancyolnp)a;rvaalsleal
amongst the modern kings and princes." Now, on reading
thLoisrd seri"il'the question naturally arises upon the Right Rey.
Chancellor's motive for all these praises, since, whatever
doubt might
exist as to the other particulars in the King's
life, one passage was understood—namely, that he was natu-
rally dead, and going to be buried, if not actually underground
at the time.—Why then should the bishop so squander his
commendations? The next sentence explains it:—" Of all
Christian Kings that ever I read of, he was the most constant
patron of churches and churchmen." His successors were,
therefore, to be shown, how it would fare with them in this
world after their decease, if they followed his steps ; they
would be praised for a few weeks, instead of being suddenly
forgotten. His Lordship farther shows what became of the
King's soul :—" Severed from the dregs of the body, it doth
now enjoy an eternal dreaming (qu. eadem requiter tellure
repostas) in the presence of God, environed no more with
lords and knights, but with troupes of angels and the souls of
the blessed, his forerunners."
