IRELAND.

IMPORTANT MEETING OVTIRE TRADES'.

POLITICAL UNION.

- •
(From the Dublin Evening Freeman of Tuesday.)
A special meeting of this patriotic body was held yesterday
at the Circus, in Abbey-street, for the purpose of hearing Mr,
O'Connell addreEs the citizens on matters of great import.
ance at the present juncture. The bu Idipg is a most e¢ a.
cious one, and was exceedingly crowded in every part. The
galleries were well filled with ladies, and everything tvinced
the utmost ardour in the promotion of the CIIRFQ Of popcar
happiness, for the advancement of which they bad met to
deliberate.
Mr. Stave N was called to the Chair, and, in taking it, he
expressed his delight at agaagain witnessing
wadsesring pmt, necessityeeti-g of that
for
patriotic body.—( Loud cheers.) There
him to impress upon them the propriety of observing that line
of good conduct which had procurcrl or all their proc,cedinge
so high a character.—( Hear, Hear.) After some eA•rier appro.
priate observations, Mr. 'levin announced dull the Secretary
would read the report.
The SECRETARY then read the following report ;
" In calling the present special public meeting of the
Union, your Committee think it right to submit the following
brief report :
" In the month of October last, the Union passed a reso-
lution, adjourning its public meetings to a period of twelve
months, with power to your committee to re-assemble the
body, if circumstances should so require.
" Your committee in the mean time have exclusively di-
rected their attention constantly and diligently to effecting the
registration of the liberal electors, and have the high satisfac-
tion to state to the Union, that by their efforts eleven hundred
and twenty-six electors have been added to the liberal inte-
rest ; and of the notices already served for the February Ses-
sion, two-thirds at least are on the liberal interest, 1,249 of
which have been served by your committee.
" The Union had every expectation, that from the disposi-
tion evinced by his Majesty's Ministers to do justice to Ireland,
the important measures for our national improvement, which
they had brought forward, would have been recognised and
established. But your committee have perceived, with extreme
sorrow, that these important measures, so introduced by his
Majesty's Ministers, and confirmed by the representatives of
the people, have been severally and unceremoniously rejected
by the House of Lords, without a satisfactory reason.
" Your committee, therefore, feeling a solemn and decided
conviction that.it is vain to'hope for peace, happiness, prospe-
rity, or improvement of any kind in this country, until the just
and reasonable claims of the people to equal laws ,mod rights
with their fellow-subjects of Great Britain be acceded to,
(especially the all-important measure of Irish Corporation
Reform, and the settlement of the tithe question), have felt it
t'ieir duty to convene this meeting of the Union, in order that
their opinion may be recorded with respect to these questions,
and the other matters of national importance likely to, engage
the attention of the Legislature during the next ParYiamentary
Session.

Your committee will not, for a moment, disguise their un-
altered conviction that real or substantial prosperity never can
arise to Ireland, save through the medium of a domestic legis-
lature ; but your committee fully concur in the propriety of
giving the experiment a fair test, as to whether justice can be
done to our country by an Imperial Parliament, in which event
your committee will not hesitate to relinquish the question of
repeal ; but they feel bound to declare that, having first given
the Imperial Parliament a fair opportunity of proving that Re-
peal is unnecessary—if full and substantial justice be not then
done to Ireland, it will be the duty of this union to seek, by
all constitutional means, the restoration of their I.z!gislature,
and that they should call on every honest man, whether
English, Irish, or Scotch, to aid them in tbt attainment of
that object.

" Your committee finally recommend., that, in order to avoid
all cause of complaint, and to prove
Ma-
jesty's present Ministers, the unie, our confidence in his
ri should, at the rising of this
meeting, adjourn for a perio4 of six months, and relinquish
public agitation in the me
.-an time, unless the committee shall,
within that period, find, necessity to call the Union together,
from a similar line of opposition towards Irish questions by
the House of Lordg."
The Report buying been read,
Mr. P. COSTELLOE said he had great pleasure in moving
that the Report should be adopted.
Here Mr. E. S. Ruthven, M. P., entered, and -was rer•eived
with several rounds of enthusiastic cheering.
Mr. COSTELLOE continued, and alluded to the 'facts con-
nected with the extension of the registry, as set 'forth in the
Report, and said; if the hundreds of persons w}:.o had sent in
their notices of claiming to register were but punctual in their
attendance, they would have such a phalar.x, that at, the next
election, the Tory faction, if they had ill the wealth of the
Treasury, could not, by bribing, by intimidation, or any other
means, succeed against them. The utility of that Union, and
of the labours of the Committee, appeared in the return of
the Liberator as the Representative for Dublin—( Cheers)—
and in the return of his VP:
aerable colleague, Mr. Ruthven.
After expressing his anxiety for Corporate Reform, in order
that the infamous Cr:;:poration of Dublin might be prostrated,
he concluded by moving that the Report which had been read
be received any; adopted.
Mr. FaF:acu seconded the resolution.
Mr. KERTLAND rose to propose the next resolution. It did
his old heart good to see the ladies who surrounded them.—
(Cheers.) They had some enemies in petticoats—(Laughter)
—and he was proud to see `such an array of patriotic ladies
present. He was an old member of the Union, and, though
not of the Committee, he had been requested to propose a
resolution. He, who had suffered so much from the Cor-
poration, could with propriety propose it. Corporate mono-
poly had robbed him of his money and his franchise.—
( Hear.) He had since had four boys born, whose votes
would have been at the disposal of Mr. O'Connell and his
,nileague, if he had not been robbed of his franchise.—( Hear.)
But he warred not with the dead, no, nor with the dying; for
the Corporation, if not defunct, was nearly so.--( Hear, hear.)
It was dying of diseases brought on by its own pollutions and
gloatings.—( Hear.) It was dying as a criminal which had
violated law, and which had swallowed the public wealth,
without rendering any public advantage.—( Hear.) He was
delighted that th extent of Ireland's demands was narrowed
into the short sentence "justice or repeal."—( Cheers.) He
was an old and a resolute repealer—(Cheers) Dave up
his opinion, however to that of Mr. O'Connell, as to the pro-
priety of ceasing to agitate it at present—(Ckeers)—but if
ever the day should come when, justice being refused, it was
necessary to call for repeal, he-would, if required, lay down his
life to procure it.—( Loud cheers.) As to the Corporation,
he would not trust himself to say more abbut it. He saw one
of that body present, he meant Mr. White, of Carrider,-street.
—(Cheers.) He was an Englishman, like binisell, but he
joined with him, and many other good Protntants, in oppos-
ing the oppressors of Ireland.—(Cheers.') Mr. Kertland pro.
Posed the resolution, and sat down am:dist general applause.
M.. ITKENNA seconded the 'resolution proposed by Mr.
Kertland.

Mr. O'CONNVLL next Mse, and on his rising, the cheering
with which he was rerived in tie circus was renewed. When
it had subsided. he said—Well, I see "you arc all as merry
now, as when I saw you last.—( Laughter.) It is we that
have cause to laugh ; but the Orange faction have cause to
t;: gin--(Laughter)—and they must grin and bear it—(Loud
laughter.) When I last addressed you, I was truly grateful
for the confidence with which you listened to my advice.
I foretold you, as a kind of political Pastorini, that you
should put confidence in the Melbourne Administration—
( Hear)—which was inclined to promote the cause of justice
and Ireland. I come now to discharge a double debt of gra-
titude. First, to thank you for having taken my advice for the
past ; and secondly, to thank you for having come heft to
listen to my advice for the future.—( Hear, hear.) I can
advise confidently as regards the future, because I can ask,
as I now do, boldly and fearlessly, what man in this union
or city regrets having acted upon my former advice ?—(Loud
cheers.) I say then that the experience of the past gives
comfort and confidence for what is to come. This is cheering.
We have arrived at a great political crisis. It is not right to
deny it. The crisis has come. We are about to have rights
and justice secured, or the triumph of a faction which is hos-
tile to both. My hopes are elate—(Cheers)—and I rely upon
that bountiful Providence which has showered so many natu-
ral advantages upon Ireland, but which yet in its wisdom has
ordained that it should suffer under many and many moral
evils. The crisis at which we have arrived is to decide at
once, and for ever, whether Ireland is to be fairly dealt with ;
or whether the enemies of the people are to thrust aside a good
and honest Government.—( Hear. ) Oh, no ! This is not
true I They cannot do it. They cannot succeed against such
an Administration. They cannot put down the people ; tor
as long as there is a heart to throb in this green isle, or us long
as there is a God in heaven, I never will, I never can despair
of Ireland.---( Loud cheers.) I am full of hope at present.
We have a benevolent Administration, and I will, with the
Irish people, persist in peaceably seeking what is due to them.
__...( Hear.) I have never sought any thing but in a peaceable
manner. By it we have already won emancipation ; and by it,
please God, I will yet gain more and more for the green island
of my birth.—( Loud cheers.) I defy all the Orange Tories
in England or Ireland to replace the Tories in power. Shall
they displace the Administration of Lord Melbourne ?—( Loud
cries of " No, no.") Oh, how I wish that " No" was heard
in St. Stephen's ; but it shall be heard there, I will utter it,
arid I will tell them that you bid me to do so.—( Hear, hear.)
They are resorting to every trick to regain their power. They
are doing every thing to work upon the bad passions of the
people—( Hear)—and acting upon their prejudices. they have
even condescended to heap their abuses upon bne Daniel
O'Connell ? Did you ever hear of so badly an abused man ?
Why in that I beat Bonaparte; he beat Banagher, and
Banagher beats the devil.—(Laughter.) But though I and
thus abused, still I grow fat upon it, and I never cease
to be merry.--is Laughter.) I ;lever did cease, • and I D'::ver
will cease from labouring t(1 earn the abuse of the miser. eants.;
and now I will meet them, and fight them face to face, with
the irresistible force of popular opinion ; and, 'whilst I have
the cheers of tide Irish people, what do I care for the abuse of
,
the Standard or the Times?---(Loud cheers.) I am one or
the people, and I am the represeritativr., not only of this city,
haveries
'out of the Irish people—( Cheers)—and I call upon them as
lovers. a peace and justice, to si.lpport the present excellent
government. Thus shall we put down
itt
w Te
o —th(ellbe leer;
hear.) We have the Government with i
—.the ate of the Irish
Irish aristocracy au-A
y gontr with u we have
with all the people us. Hurrah for our side.—(
Cheers ) We
have the people of Scotland with US
Scotland—(Cheers)—(l vte 4 all to a !nan. Hurrah for
have that is good, and manly,
and virtuous in I+{ glance with Hurrah d.
( Loud cheers,) We han us.for England.—
(Loud
with—
us.--:( li.e4C. ) It se, the Reformed Corporations
~ns comical to praise a Corporation—
(l'.a‘il"")-J.:)r the oldest man here does n,..,t remember when
I
tiev ~...
1 , . ere called any thing else but the swindling, vagabond,
plundering corporations.--(Laughter.) If a man had a bad
I word to throw to a dog, it was " Corporation."—( Laughter. )

The other morning I was in the initizt of the Corporators.
and I saw old fat Morrison, with a big gold chain round
bis neck, waddling into the chair at a meeting, whilst
the others all gathered round him, like hired mourners at a
funeral.—( Laughter. ) I could not help saying to myself, I
pity you, poor boys ! for your day is coming.—( Laughter. )
We shall have honest men in yew places next yeer—
(Laughter)—and I hope to see that chain round the neck of
Cornelius M` Loughlin.—( Loud cheers.) tie hen that is the
case, there is not a roan whom he meets in the street but will
tale? off his hat to Cornelius ill.Loughlin—( Loud cheers)—
and Cornelius MeLoughlin will take eff his hat to such a citi-
zen in return, no matter how humble he may be.—( Cheers.)
You seem to relish a laugh at the Corporation, and we "shall
all augh when we play the " rogue's march" for them.—
( Laughter.) Why, we shall then be able to buy an Alder-
man's gown in Plunkett's Alley.—( Roars of laughter.) I
will myself buy two or three of them for my library as shows.
In England they have got corporate reform ; they have proved
that t!tey deserved it.—( Cheers.) Why, it was an alderman
who preeMed the other day at Liverpool at the meeting at
which it was sletermined, to invite me to a public dinner._
(Hear and cheers.a Why did they invite me ? It was not
out of complirneet to me, a mere working barrister—oee of
profession, and owing my success in it
the people—having a
to chance. Oh, it was not in compliment to me that the in-
vitation was sent. It was in compliment to you all. It was
in compliment to the Irish people, and the compliment was
heightened by the natural humility of the individual through
whom it was paid to my countrymen.—( Cheers. ) That invi-
tation is a pledge that the honest reformers of Liverpool will
work with you and for you.--( Hear.) I shall spend one day in
Liverpool—l shall tell them that when I looked for repeal, I
did so because I despaired of seeing justice done to Ireland—
( Hear)—but now if perfect justice is rendered, I will tell them
that the repeal will be given up.—(A voice, " No, no, we
wont% give it up ;" this cry occasioned some interruption.)
Oh, said Mr. O'Connell, don't believe him, if we don't get it
perhaps he won't be half so angry.—( Laughter.) I will
abandon the repeal if they give us justice.—( The person said
" No, no," and many exclaimed, owing to the disorderly spirit
he showed, "Turn him ht.") No, said Mr. O'Connell, let
him alone, he is ugly enough where he is.----( Loud laughter. )
Why put him ont ? May be not have his opinion? and I re-
spect him the more for expressing it ; but will he not let me
have mine and express it also ?—( Hear)—particularly when
999 out of every thousand is of mine, whilst only the one is of
his.—( Hear and laughter.) From Liverpool I go to Bir-
mingham. I dine with the honest Radicals there. On Thurs-
day I dine with the constituency, and on Monday I dine with
the unrepresented. I hope to see the time when no man will
be unrepresented—( Hear, and cheers)—but when every per-
son who is 21 years of age will have a right to the franchise.—
(Loud cheers.) Ia offering to abandon the repeal, lam only
trying an experiment. How often was I told that the Go.
vernment could not do good for Ireland, because the repeal
agitation prevented them ? lam going to try whether this was
said in _truth, or as a pretence. —( Hear, hear.) For five years
I tried to conciliate the Orangemen; but they cannot be con-
ciliated.—(Hear.) There are some honest men who have
been deluded into their societies, who, I thought, might be
influenced, but as a body they cannot be conciliated-4 Hear.)
I know it. They are willing to sell their country. They
sold it already as a dead carcase—(llear)—and now they are
labouring to prevent it from coming to life, in order that they
may feast and fatten on its remains. —( Loud cheers.) I have
just recommenced my career of agitation ; and from this I pro-
claim it, that I never shall cease until that faction is put down
for ever, so that it shall never more rear its viper head.__
(Loud cheers.) Igo to England to work out justice com-
pletely for Ireland.—( Hear.) If I get that justice, do you
consent that I shall abandon repeal ?—( Cheerse) I put that
question to the men of Kerry, and I got a reply in the affirma-
tive.—( Hear, hear.) I put the same question in Tuam, and I
Hear.) I put the same question in
got the same rep; n.--(
Moate, and I got the eame reply.—(Hear.) I put it also to
the honest men of the Queen's County, and they gave me the
same answer.--( Hear.) I now put that question to you. I
want you to strengthen me with vour authority, that I may go
and tell the English people that-I
am authorized to make that
bargain with them.—(Hear.) Have I your authority ?—(One
universal shout of, " You have, you have !") I promise you
I will make no niggard bargain for you. You shall have full
twenty shillings in the pound of the real national debt of jus-
tice. You shall have for your trades employment ; agricul-
ture in Ireland must be encouraged--manufactures must be
extended—the corporations must be opened—and the bless-
ings of equal law must be secured to all.--(" Hear, hear,"
and loud cheers.) What excuse can any man give for refu-
sing Irish corporate reform f Or, if it is refused, can any
man turn round upon us, and condemn us for agitating
the repeal, particularly as we now say, give us cor-
porate reform—give us justice, and we don't ask repeal ?
( Hear.) It is thus that the English can buy us off; they
cannot bribe us, bet they can buy us off with justice.--
(Wear.) That justice we must have, from them or from our-
selves—from that side of 'the water or upon this; we must
and shall have justice.—(Lond cheers.) lam going there
with seven millions at my back--(Hear.) Every halfpenny
has two toss-ups : I will say to them, " head I win, harp you
lose."—(Laughter and cheers.) In the first place I will en-
deavour to obtain justice through the Eeeelish themselves;
but if it is refused, I shall then strike up the harp and " Erin
go bragh."—(Loud cheers.) Mr. O'Connell next alluded to
the Reform Acts for England, Scotland, and Ireland. Ire-
land got a miserable Bill. • The Scotch got an excellent Bill,
and well they deserved it. He did not know the Scotch until
he saw them, and now he could not tell how he loved that
intelligent people. But the franchise in Ireland was bound
and tied up by the Irish Reform Bill, owing to the appoint-
ment of the Tory barristers, who successfully threw every ob-
stacle in the way of registering liberal voters, whilst they were
as pliant and smooth as possible to the Orangeists.—( Hear.)
Why, we had actually, during the last registration, to get
more than a hundred of our claimants to serve notices through
the Conservative agents, and every one of them was admitted.
..—(Laughter and cheers.) I have done every thing in my
power to get a better Reform Bill for Ireland ; I wrote and
spoke in the House upon it; I went on a deputation to Lord
John Russell upon the subject, and I convinced Lord John
Russell ; but the conviction which I established was re-
moved by Stanley, one of the bitterest enemies that Ireland
411,91' had.—( Hear, and groans.) I went to Lord John Russell
a second time; Sir John Newport was with me, and he left
all the talk to me. Unaccustomed as lam to public speak-
ing, I ventured that day to argue the point with Lord John
Russell. I believe that I succeeded in convincing him, and
all would have been right, were it not that Stanley remained
behind, and blotted from Lord John Russell's mind all that I
had said ; so that the only improvement we afterwards got in
the Bill, was the trifling one of the twenty years' franchise.
--(Hear.) I spoke upon this Bill in Parliament ; I wrote
upon it in the papers, for I have a pen for the newspapers.--
( Laughter.) I published five lettere in the Morning Chro-
nicle, and I afterwards spent 301. in getting them printed in
a pamphlet, a copy of wieich I sent to every member of Par-
liament.—( Hear, and cheers.) I did my best, but it was of
no use; we had not then raised the repeal cry—(hear)---they
were not afraid of us, and Stanley is always brave when he
has to deal with those who are quiet.—(Laughter. England
has got an excellent Corporate Reform Bill ; Scotland has
got an excellent Reform Bill—there could be no better.
The Scotch Corporations had been as bad as those of Ire-
land. To be sure, they were all of one religion in Scotland,
and they had not in the Scotch Corporations that religious'
cant and bigotry which existed in the Irish.—( Hear.) They
were free from that hypocrisy which had prevailed here, and
though they robbed and plundered as the Irish Corporations
did, they did not. like them, turn up the whites of their
eyes to heaven, whilst they put their fingers into the pockets
of the people. Every good Bill that went before the Lords
was spoiled by them. The Lords spit in the cup, and the
English Corporation Reform Bill was half dishonoured before
it left them. You know the splendid triumph which democratic
liberty has obtained in England.—( Hear, hear, and cheers.)
The Irish corporations were worse than the English. In spite
of his angry friend there, who had interrupted him, was any-
thing ever so bad as an Irish corporation ?—( Hear.) A coun-
tryman in Tipperary was asked whose house that was on a
neighbouring hill. " That," said he, "is Colonel Tegg's
house." " And ;vitae sort of a man is Colonel Te,get ?" was the
next question. "Oh !" said the countryman, "he is worse nor
the devil."—(Laughter.) " Well, hut who lives in that
Louse?" " One Colonel Pepper, and he is worse nor Colonel
Tegg." That is to say Colonel Pepper was worse than Colonel
Tege, who was worse nor the devil. —( Hear, hear, and laugh-
ter.) That is the way with our Corporations. The corpora-
tion of Cork is worse nor the devil, and the corporation of Dub-
lin is worse than the corporation of Cork, which again is worse
nor the devil.—( Loud laughter.) What can be plainer to a
man of common sense that nothing would be so strong an ar-
gument for the repeal as a refusal to concede corporate reform
to Ireland.--( Hear, hear.) Scotland has a good corporate re-
form, ar.d if the Legislature refuses to extend the same advan-
tages to Ireland, blacken my face with a burnt cork—( Laugh-
ter)—make a negro of me, and let me live like a slave
in Ireland, rather than bear the port of a freeman, and live
under such gross injustice and arrant oppression.—( Loud
cheers.) We all contribute to the expenses of the State.
We contribute as the English or Scotch do, and why are
we to be excluded from any of the benefits of the State ?
There is one great secret in politics, and that is to be right.
—(Hear.) Now, we are right, our enemies are wrone—
( Ilear)—and being right, with all that is good and virtuous
with us, we shall kick out the Corporators before three
months are gone, if we are but true to each other.—(Loud
cheers.) That will be a pleasant day for Ireland.-_( Laughter
and cheers.) I remember when emancipation was obtained,
many persons came to me and wished to have bonfires and
a general illumination. I said no 1 for after all, it was no
more than a kind of sectarian triumph. I said we would
do nothing which might give offence, and seem like a triumph
over the Irish Protestants ; but the success of the Corporate
Reform will do as much good to the honest Protestant as
to the Catholic.—( Hear.) At present no good Protestant
is admitted into the Corporations ; they even hate sueell eas
Protestant worse than they do a thorough Papist_(clte
and laughter.) Oh, it will be a glorious day when we achieve
the national triumph, in the celebration of which both Protes-
tant and Catholic can join.—(Loud cheers.) It is then, please
Cod, that eve will see bonfires and the general illuminations.
—(Cheers.) When I last had the pleasure of addressing you,
I felt as much as man could feel, the readiness, the anxiety,
and the eagerness which you manifested to afford to my
advice, I will not use the strong word obedience, but compli-
ance.—( Hear.) It was when a brutal assault had been com-
mitted, and a man had been beaten to death in the discharge of
his duty. With all the influence that I had, I conjured you cot
to let the offenders escape, and before I had finished speaking
forty-eight hours, one of the guilty parties was apprehended
and brOught to punishment.—( Hear, hear.) I experienced
great delight, when I found the people acting thus on my
bumble advice. Remember that one single crime greatly
weakens our cause and strengthens that of -our enemies.—

( Hear.) We got emancipation without one drop of blood, and
ithout a single tear, except those which were shed by the
monopolists, whose monopoly was wrested out of their hands.
Small blame to them for weeping.—( Laughter.) If they
can they will seduce the people from their obedience to the
law.—( Hear.) Prevent them ? If their emissaries accost
you maintaiii your character of loyalists, and take them at
once to the police w lio will be sorry to see their friends in
sncli a dilemma.—( Laughter and cheers). This morning a
clergyman called upon me and informed me that in Townsend-
street there is a house in which they are organizing secret
societies. Some men of honesty and integrity may be caught
in their wiles, am! to prevent :t I now give this win Mug.—
( Hear.) They aro organizing societies of the worst descrip-
tion. I denounce them here, I warn you against them—(i fear.)
They well know that I am currently and even minutely in-
formed respecting them, when I state that they have two sets
of books, one for the police to see, and the other which they
cannot see.— ( Hear.) This society originated in Meath.
When my son was candidate in that county, the Hon. Randal
Plunkett marched at the he :d of 200 Orangemen, with pistol
in hand ; and it is well known there that men who were rib-
honmen were hired as his partizans--( Hear)—to take part
against ray son.—( Hear, hear.) It appears that -some of the
ramifications of these illegal societies in Meath have now found
their way into Dublin.—( Hear.) They come to prolong the
slavery of the people by playing into the hands of the Tories.
—( Hear.) Oh, how much would Peel and that faction give
to have a few facts concerning these societies to bring before
Parliament. What was the good, they Would say, of sending
Lord Mulgrave to Ireland ? What good did he do there ?
I'll tell vou. He will not allow an avowed Orangeman to be
a Lord 'Mayor.--(Cheers.) He will not allow an Orangeman
to be a High Sheriff; but he will do plain and equal justice.
—(Cheers.) If a prisoner be improperly sent to jail, he will
liberate him.—( General cheering.) How stupid you Irish-
men are, for you will understand even half a word.—(Ap-
plause and laughter.) But I have an apology to make to you.
When I read in the newspapers that Mr. Reynolds was con-
victed, I at once thought that the report could not be accurate
—that it had been improperly given. Who were the witnesses
whom he produced on this trial ? Why, they were the ma-
gistrates of the police, never very much inclined to favour
us. Then the peace officers, and Town Major White ; those
very authorities whose duty and business it was to preserve
the peace.—( Great cheering.) Now, I read the report
and I did not perceive in it that a single remark had been
made on that most material circumstance in the charge to the
Jury. Ido not say that is was not made, but certainly the
newspaper reports had it not. Yet how could a Judge omit
so important a point in his charge ? If it were given, what
else could it be but telling the Jury that Mr. Reynolds was
guilty of keeping the peace, and not guilty of breaking the
peace ; therefore that he ought to be convicted of keeping the
peace, and found guilty of preventing the Orangemen from
breaking it by a riot.—( Laughter, cheers, and hear, hear.)
When I read the account, I had it in my mind to apply to the
Lord Lieutenant by memorial on the subject.—( Hear.) I
actually went more than once to my desk, and took up the pen
for that purpose. But I was induced to relinquish that, my
first intention, throtigh my opinion of the high-minded Lord
Mulgrave, who, I felt convinced, if be thought it right him-
self, and strictly consistent with the principles of justice to
discharge Mr. Reynolds, would do so voluntarily and of his
own accord ; but if he thought it would be wrong in him to
do so, he would refuse it to my solicitation, or that of any
other man. But he did discharge Mr. Reynolds.—( Cheers.)
Was I right in my opinion of him ? Long life to Lord
Mulgrave.—( Immense and long protracted cheering.) It was
said by our enemies in England, that indeed Lord Mulgrave
would be intimidated by the Orangemen here. Oh, how
much he is afraid of them I—(Laughter.) No; Lord Mul-
grave's Administration had proved itself too strong for all the
efforts of the faction !—and if his Lordshipswanted help, and
came down here, he would get it. Let• every man who
would give it to him hold up his right hand.--(This call was
instantaneously responded to by an universal show of hands,
accompanied with tremendous applause, and a cheer for the
Coburg-gardens.) The Orangemen say that you are dis-
loyal men. Now, was that not a very disloyal cheer for the
Representative of the King—a disloyal cheer that you gave
for the source and fountain of justice ? 0, never has there
been so loyal a people as Irishmen.—( Loud cheers). They
must have heard of the father who desired his son to say
grace, and the son replied no, for I have had a bad dinner.—
(Laughter.) But the next day the son had a good dinner,
and he said grace twice.—(Laughter.). That is the way
with the Irish. They had bad usage, and plenty of it, and
had refused to say grace for it ; but now that they were
treated better, they would say grace twice over.—( Hear and
cheers.) This, after all, was genuine loyalty, and those were
disloyal who would weaken the best foundation and security
of the King's throne, by diminishing or crippling the happiness
of his people.—( Loud cheers.) They talked of Russia, and
boasted of its power; of the autocrat's millions of subjects,
and his vast extent of territory. But if ever the English
standard were reared in the sacred cause of Poland, let
them look to Ireland, and in forty-eight hours they would
have one hundred thousand Irishmen, to carry dismay into
his councils, and dire defeat into his ranks.—(Loud cheers.)
Talk of his power, talk of the great British empire being
cowed by him ; they had only to destroy the Orange mis-
creaney, and let every Government be what Lord Mulgrave's
was ; they had only to give us a Lord Lieutenant like him for
every day in the almanack, instead of letting us have such a
One merely on a festival as it were ;- they have only to do thiS,
and woe to the hordes of Russia, if they dare attempt to touch
a single shred of the robes of our Sovereign, or to entrench
upon any of the rights, possessions, or privileges of our com-
mon country. Hurrah for England.—( Vehement cheers.)—
But ere this can be securely relied upon, the ingredients of mi-
sery must not be thrown into the cup of Ireland's fate.—
(Cheers.) The people must be employed, the farmers must
be comfortable, the population must be well fed and well
housed ; our commerce must spread its sails over every sea ;
we must have fair play and plain justice; we must no longer
have shooting police—( Cheers)—we must have no Orange
juries, no Orange sheriffs, we must have no Orange judges—
wc had them once, I don't say we have them now.—( Laugh-
ter.) We must have all this—it is for this lam struggling,
that the active, friendly, honest, and enthusiastic people of
Ireland may lend their powerful aid in consolidating the
strength and upholding the power of this vast empire.—( Loud
cheers.) To obtain this, we lay our differences aside ; we
cease to urge abstract questions ; nay, we even put practical
ones for a time into abeyance, in order that we may the better
prove ourselves the stanch and unflinching friends of a good
Government.—(Loud cheers.) I must now come to busi-
ness with you. At present there are, I believe, in Dublin
no less than three registration clubs, of all of which I believe
I am President.—(Cheers.) I wish to see all these clubs
combined—( Hear, and cheers)—in order that there might be
no weakening of their powers by those little jealousies which
are inevitable in separate bodies, however honest, even though
they are aiming at the same end.--( Hear, hear.) It is easy
to prevail upon a rogue to give up his jealousies, but an honest
man cannot be so easily persuaded, because he entertains
them, thinking them to be honest and proper.—( Hear, hear.)
Stubborness is the great characteristic of honesty. I hope
that the three clubs will be united, and as I am President of
them all, I will consent, as my shoulders are broad to bear
away all the stubborness and feelings of jealousy which may
have existed, in order to combine the whole with greater
efficiency for the common good.—( Hear.) There has lately
been a dinner at Belfast, at which that prince of mountebanks,
Emunerson, who calls himself Tennent—(Lau,ghter)—was
present. He has changed his name, and small blame to him,
for he got a fine fortune by doing so, and I believe he
would change his name to any thing for a little of the ready
rhino.—(Laughter and cheers.) I-remember when this man
was a fiery Republican, but now he is an Orangeist. He was
just as loyal then as he is now.—( Cheers.) He wears a big
wig—oh, how I should like an attested copy of it.—( Laughter
and cheers.) He boasted at Belfast of the strength of the
Conservative interest there. He may boast as he will, but I
assure this Emmerson, at the neat election, lie will be kicked
out by the name of Tetinent,—(Laughter)—and when relieved
from his senatorial cares, he may spend his time in combing
that wig which he values so much, and which I believe to be
worth more than all his political exertions.—( Loud laughter.
At that same dinner there was the son.in-law of a Judge—(

Judge Burton—Sow \Vest was his name.—(Laughter.) He
boasted that his party had 6181—mind the ,1--over ua at the
last registry. Now, at the late election, we had a clear majo.
rity in votes given of 236, and be ides these we had upwards
of 1,000 ready to vote, who, from valiona er,uses, were not
brought up, the delay being occasioned by hesitation as to the
oath, and as to their not having paid their taxes, which, by tho
bye, was no legal impediment at all.—( Hear.) Now, even if
Sow West had the 618 and a half which he boasts of, he

might take his change out of the 1,000 who were ready to
vote, and the 236 who had voted.—(Bear.) Yes, let him take
his change out of that.—( Laughter.) On the registry of the
past year we have advanced 914 ; they have advanced 1,020 ;
but out of these we must take upwards of 60 of ours who were

registered under their name—(ifear)—and we have 1,369 no-
tices of valid claims to register, served for the next register.—
( Elear.) There, Sow West, take your change out of that.
(Loud laughter.) If, which I do not think will be the
case, the present Ministers are obliged to dissolve the
present Parliament, I have no doubt I shall find many
men, who were before my furious enernies, acting very
kindly and courteously towards me.—(A voice exclaimed,
" Alderman Smith.") Oh, poor man, he is called at the
Board the "sorry Alderman ;" he has no malice about him,

and, I dare say, if he had known at the last election that the
Tories would so soon go out of power, he would have
acted very differently.—( Hear.) The Alderman lost the toss;
head I win, harp you lose.—( Laughter.) I am, indeed, de-
lighted and proud when I reflect upon the manner in which
you have listened to me when I talked of England buying
Ireland off with justice. I protest I am more delighted than
I can express at the confidence which you have placed in me,
by authorising me to say to the English people, " Give us
justice, and we won't press Repeal." I am more delighted at
this than if all the Kings of the earth had covered me from
head to foot with all the memorfala, and orders, and stars and
garters, which they have it in their power to bestow. —( Cheers. )
How delighted I shall be when I tell the people of England
that the operatives of Dublin—that the Trades' Political
Union, who would be most materially benefitted by the pre-
sence of a Parliament in this city, have had the calmness and
intelligence, the good sense and the conciliatory feeling, to
authorise me to say, that they will forego all the advantages
which the Repeal of the Union would secure to them, if they
can but get for their fine country fair Way and justice.--( Loud
cheers.) How delighted I shall be in describing the sacrifice
which they have thlis iiia47; and how forcibly - will such a
fact act in their favour upon the high-minded people of
Englai-A—( Hear.) What will they think of the operatives
of Dublin, wtso thus consent to abandon so certain a means of
increasing their own resources, for the purpose of obtair.!.n.,,cr
for their country nothing but simple ;uskticc.—(Loud cheers.)
I confess I am delighted at this'.--Cheeri.) Irishmen are
remarkable all over the world for their talent, exiergi
?

and their disinteredness.—( Hear. ) Wherever justice is ren-
dered to talent and to mind, there my countrymen--exiles
though they be—arrest the eye of admiration and bear away
the palm of excellence.—( Loud cheers.) In Ireland our
talent and enterprise has been cruelly dealt with—they have
been marred in their progress, and the lofty wirings of na-
tural genius have been checked by a sense of national degrada-
tien.--( Cheers.) But new the head has become rightly in-
formed : the heart has ever been in its right place ; the head
is repudiating the jealowies which were always uncongenial
with the Irish heart, and now that we have both the heal and
the heart right, if we only persevere, I promise you that you
soon shall see our native land—
Great, glorious and free,
First flower of the earth and first gem of the sea.'
Mr. O'Connell sat down amidst the most rapturous applause,
which was continued with earnestness and for a length of
time, which we never before witnessed.
Mr. RCTIII:F.N rose amid general and enthusiastic applause.
He had, for several days, endured some pain, lest lie should
not he able to meet his constituents there that day. But, since
that, he felt an exhiliration of spirits at the prospect of, from
renovated health, having it in his power to attend on the pre-
sent occasion. He was proud of being one of the Members
of the Trades' Union, and after some further observations,
eulogising the zeal and activity of the Union, the lion. Gen-
tleman sat down amid general applause.
Mr. P. COSTELLO proposed the next resolution, declaratory
of the necessity of totally abolishing tithes. lie had wit-
nessed the bloody scenes which the attempt to extort tithes
from the people hail caused to be exhibited.—( Hear.) He had
seen-fourteen or fifteen persons, young boys, old men, and
aged women, lying slaughtered in the streets of Newtown-
harry, all of whom had fallen in the collection of 2/. 10s., or
21. 125.—( Hear.) There was no rescue—there was no at-
tempt at rescue. It was alleged that there was, but the evi-
dence on the inquest disproved the allegation. The speaker
commented at some length upon the circumstances connected
with that bloody fray, and particularly upon the statement of
the person in command, that he had said not " fire," but " oh
fie" when he heard the firing,. The tithe system had shed
more blood in Ireland than had flowed in any other cause. He
had seen that blood in streams, and his feelings were so ex-
cited at the bare recollection of the carnages which he had wit-
nessed, that he dare not trust himself to speak upon the sub-
ject. He should therefore merely propose the resolution,
which he did amidst loud cheers.
SAMUEL ROBINSON, Esq., of Clara Mills, King's County,
next addressed the meeting. He was glad to hear from those
who had already spoken so good an account of them. They
were the main-spring of the liberty and independence of the
city.—( Cheers.) Dublin was not so oppressed as the rest of
Ireland, but still they had ministers' money and other imposts
which they should not be called on to pay. He wished tithes
to be abolished, and the voluntary principle to prevail.—.
(Cheers.) It must come to this at last. The war against
tithes had long been carried on.—( Hear, hear.) It was now
more than 100 years since his great grandfather was seven
years in gaol rather than pay this unholy impost.—(Loud
cheers.) He was from the King's County, and they had
determined there to let their cattle be driven, and to let the
very bed be taken from under them rather than voluntarily pay
tithes.—(Loud cheers.) They had seven millions of Irishmen
opposed to tithes ; they had seven and a half millions of British
Dissenters equally opposed thereto.—(Cheers.) Thus they
had fifteen millions opposed to six, and could they donbt of
success ?—( Cheers.) He concluded by saying, that of the
Irish Episcopalians not more than fifty thousand did not cheer-
fully pay tithes ; he believed that they had three-fourths of
the whole rental of the country in their hands, and yet they
were so indecent as to send begging-boxes throughout Eng-
land to support their clergy.—( Hear, hear, hear.) But
begging was not their only. object; they sought, under pre-
tence of describing the spiritual sufferings of the clergy, to
prolong the Orange and Tory power.—(Hear.) But in this
and in the retention of their hold upon tithes, they would most
certainly be deceived.—( Loud cheers.)
Mr. Tnomas REYNOLDS, who had been frequently called
upon during the proceedings, was here obliged to come for-
ward. He said he was labouring under indisposition, and the
increased effect which the reception he had received made
upon him rendered him totally unable to acknowledge it.
He did not expect such a reception for so humble an indi-
vidual, but he took it as a warning from their high minds to
their task-masters, that the Irish love of liberty will make
them throw the mantle of their protection over even the
awould
dst
not sufferingsdcheers.)
h ee r
ys i n
stitheexchanges?
Mr.
humblest, when he has been treated with injustice._( Vehe-
ment cheering.) He was not proud of the vindication of jus-
tice in his person so much for his own, sake as for that of the
people.—( Cheers.) Their reception of him had more than
trhepeiarideahnis._4
his poor
Hleaabro,uhrse
ra,nadndh'e mighter s)
He add,
ou
that
Reynolds reception for the
spoke judgeship
someof D
length oher t y. -
upon h
(Lo
tem. When he and his friend Costelloe came out of Kilmain-
ham they forthwith began to beard and brand tyranny—
(Cheers)—and here was he just out of Newgate, with his de-
termination renewed to put down the Orange oppressors of
his country—(loud cheers)--and to exert every constitutional
means for the salvation of the people.—(Loud cheers.) They
must have tithes not payable by law—they must have Corpo-
rate Reform by law—they must have a good jury bill by law;
and they must have a salutary system of poor laws for Ire-
land.—(Cheers.) They must have the grand jury box purified,
for Catholics were not emancipated, and honest Protestants
were their fellow-slaves, so long as an Orange sheriff could
pack an Orange jury to dispose of the lives, liberties, and
property of the public.—( Cheers.) There was one question
upon which his views were unchanged—he meant repeal.
( Hear.) But he would leave that in the hands of tfic great
pOlitical physician of Ireland, and whatever he prescribed.
respecting it that he would follow.—(Cheers.) The trucu-
lent Shaw said at the last election, what have you done with
repeal ? This was the answer, "we have laid if aside for a
time, to put you and your gang out"—( Laughter and cheers)—
and to support to the death the Melbourne Administration
and the Government of Lord Mulgrave in Ireland.—(Great
applause.) They had neither place nor power to gain by
this. They had no other stimulus than the love of justice
which swelled in their hearts, for those who would protect the
people from religious oppression, a legal tyranny, and be a
surety to the nation that the horrors of '9S should not be re.
newed.—( Loud cheers.) As to Lord Mulgrave, look to his
acts ; to his magnanimity. He lips bearded the faction to the
teeth—( Hear)--and in my person he has proved his love of
justice. Whilst in Newgate, I never put my hand to paper :
I was importuned to do so : I was pressed to memorial the
Viceroy, but I would sooner have gone to the scaffold. Did
any body apply for me ? No ! It was his own magnanimous
act—an act which makes my heart big with gratitude for the
sake of the people.—( Loud cheers.) Let us then rally round
the present government ; let us put down secret societies, and
not permit the Paddy M'Kews, who will be sent amongst us, to
destroy-our hopes and give new life to the Tories, by seducing
the people into crime.--( Loud cheers.) No man can stand
back—he must be active; the crisis demanded it.
" Breathes there a man with soul so dead,
Who never to himself hath said,
This is my own, my native land."
(Mr. Reynolds resumed his seat amidst great applause.)
D. APNeviN, Esq., proposed, and Mr. ARKINS seconded,
a resolution, declaratory of confidence in, and thanks to, the
Lord Lieutenant. It was most cordially received.
Counsellor GUTHRIE proposed the next resolution. As an

. .
Irish Protestant, he could not but say that the calumnies now
spread in England, by the itinerants against the Irish Catholic
clergy, were grossly unfounded—( Hear)—because they pro-
tected their flocks, like faithful pastors, from the ravages of
the wolf, they were called " political priests."—(Cheers.) In
Mayo, his county, Dr. M'llale had protected them from the
wolf; from bribery and perjury, and for that he was branded as
a political priest.—( Hear.) As a Protestant, he was proud of
this opportunity of bearing testimony to the virtues of those who
were so unjustly aspersed. —( Cheers.) After eulogizing Lord
Mulgrave, the Learned gentleman concluded a speech which
was frequently cheered.
Mr. WILLIAM M‘GUINEFS seconded it.

Mr. Wit.t.tam MARTIN could give the flattest contradiction
to the boast of Mr. West at Belfast. The Conservatives, to
make a show, had actually registered some men twice over—
(Laughter.) He concluded by urging those for whom no-

„ •
tices had been served to be in attendance from Monday next,
and that then there would be such a majority fur the loyalists,

that the Orangemen would not dare at the next election to
make even a show of a contest—( Loud cheers.) __ _

Mr. S. A. CURRAN bore testimony to the services of Messrs,
Martin„Rafferty, and Healy, which the meeting appeared most

gratefully to recognise. He afterwards gave a laughable ac.

count of the puffing tricks in Saunders resorted—to by the
Tories, to make it appear that they bad a triumph, and con-
cluded by announcing that Johnny M'Crea denounced Mr.
West as a traitor for not going into a rebutting case before the
election commission.

The meeting then separated, giving three hearty cheers for
O'Connell, three for Lord Mu'grave, three for O'Connell and
Ruthven, the Trades' Union, and three hearty groans for the
Orangemen.

(Abridged fr4rn the Dublin Morning Register of Tuesday.)
O'CONNELL DINNER AT MORRISON'S.
Yesterday this splendid entertainment took place in Mor-
risson's Great Rooms ; and although about 350 persons sat
down to dinner, it is to be regretted that arrangements upon a
more extensive scale could not be made, to prevent the many
disappointments which occurred. Upon this point, however,
no blame can be attached to the Committee ; for we understand
that they made application for the Round Room of the Rotunda,
but could not obtain it. Applicants for tickets to the amount of
sixty, were, we understand, reluctantly refused ; and we know
that so much as three pounds each were offered for tickets.
Shortly after the hour appointed, (half-past six o'clock), the
chair was taken by the Earl of Miltown. On the right of the
chair sat Mr. O'Connell, Sir Richard Nagle, Bart., M. P.,
Sir Thomas Esmonde, Bart., Christopher Fitzsimon, M. P.,
George Evans, M. P., Sergeant Woulfe, M. P., J. J. Bagot,
Castlebagot, Leland Crosthwaite, D. L. On the left sat the
Hon. E, Lawless, Cornelius O'Brien, M. P., E. S. Ruthven,
M. P., Richard Sheil, M. P., James Power, M. P., 0. D.
Grace, Mantua, Henry Arabin, George Roe, Stephen Grehan,
Sir Francis M‘Donnell, John M‘Donnell, Bank Director._
if, AV, Barron, M.P., Vice President.
Through various parts of the room, amongst others, we ob-
served the following :—Sir Percy Nugent, Cornelius M‘Lough-
lir), John Arabin, Edw. Croker, T. O'Meara, William Mur-
phy, Ignatius Callaghan, James Murphy, of Cork, Christopher
M‘Donnell, Williara iiiweetman, Edward O'Conor,
Ballina-
gare,
Waldon, Rathgare, J. H. Shell,
Westmeath,
Thomas Dixon, Robert Power, Clashmore, John Power, M.
D. R. Pigott, W. E. Hudson, H. G. Curran, M.
Thunder',
R. Sausse, John Busby, Hobert Haig, Patrick Sweetman, John
Sweetman, Laurence Finn, David Lynch, John Dillon, Mount-
ahton William Houghton, —...._
Dillon, James figti , Kearney,
Miltowti-Edmond rower,
F. W. Conway, Col.Lunnis, L:
T-House, James,Amllfeun,ariTnh,olteliogognteoyn,
John
Malone D. R. Kane, Ebenezer Jacob, F. A. Codd, Henry
