HOUSE OF COMMONS.

,Sir R. WILSON- presented a petition from the Curriers
Southwirk against the Repeal of the Leather Tax.

lONIAN_ ISLANDS. .
Sir R. WILSON said a representation had been transmitted
to him which he could not take too early an opportunity of
mentioning, that the Government might, if the facts were true,
take means to remedy the injury that had been occasioned by
an act ofpower. A family of the name of Birouka had been
saved in 1821 by the French Consul, M. De Ponqueville' from
the massacre of Patras. This family consisted of an AI man
of 76 years, his wife, three married daughters and their chil-
dren, amounting in all to 15' perions. They took refuge in
Ithaca, where they were most hospitably received, and con.
tinued till March last, when they were directed to move to the
Morea. They made rei;iegentations against this order, alleging
that they had all along conducted themselves as peaceable in-
habitants, and that they would continue to do ,so if they were
permit-cti to remain. The order for their departure was, how-
ever, reiterated, when they begged to be allowed to remain for
a time to leave a chance for escaping the Barbary Corsairs, of
which the seas were full. This also was refused ; they were
obliged to sail, and were almost immediately ,captured. The
old man was desperately wounded, and the whole, family sold to
slavery in Algiers. If the facts were true, the bare-mention of
them he hoped would be a sufficient inducement to the Govern-
ment to use its utmost exertion to remedy the evils which had
been inflicted by this exertion of authority. He wished at the
same time to ask, whether the Secretary for the Colonies had any
objection to prod= the representation of Signor Rossi, given in
to Lord Bathurst in July last, to add to the information before
the House on the same subject?
Hr. WILMOT said he could not declare too explicitly that
not a word of information respecting the family of Birouka had
reached the Colonial Office. He should certainly feel it his
duty to make inquiries ; and the result should be communicat-
ed to the Hon. Member. As to the representation of Signor
Rossi, he thought the production of it would not be essential to
any motion which the Hon. Member might intend to make, as
it consisted of a recapitulation of facts, with which the don.
Member was acquainted, and which would be in a great part
admitted. As the representation, however, was an ex-parte
statement, there would be an inconvenience in producing it.
Sir R. WILSON said he did intend to make a motion onthe
subject in the present Session. He wished the Honourable Se-
cretary to inform him whether Dr. Rossi was actually banished ?
Air. WILMOT said, he had no reason to suppose that Dr.
Rossi was banished from the lonian Islands for any cause con-
nected with his petition.
Sir T. ACLAND presented a Petition from Occupiers of
Land in Devon, praying for further Duties on the Import of
Foreign Butter. _
