UNITED SERVICE JOURNAL.

The present number is as dull as the month
it heralds in. We hardly recognise our ancient
favourite in the flippant and cantackerous, yet
prosy articles, we have toiled our way through.
The third and fourth, entitled, " Narrative of
the Exhumation of the Remains of Major
Andre," and " Sketches of a Year's Service in
the Egyptian Marine in 1832 and 1833," are
the two which have most pleased us. The
latter opens a field comparatively unhack-
neyed. It appears from it that the Egyp-
tian navy consists of six line of battle
ships, two of them carrying 138 guns, seven
large frigates, five corvettes, eight brigs, and a
cutter. They are all named after towns and
places in Egypt, with two curious exceptions.
One of the brigs is called the Pysche, of whom
the gallant Pacha, we dare say, never heard,
and the other the Washington. Is it possible
that the Grand Decapitator of Egypt has any
vague notions resembling Washington's ? We
shall be glad to see the continuation pro-
mised by the writer of this article. Almost
the only other contribution in the Number,
not disfigured by the profession of excessive
Tory principles, advocacy of flogging, slavery,
&c., is the "Notes on Hyderabad," which,
with Indian readers, may be found passable.
The following anecdote is one of the notes to
it :

" These Amazons, forming the guard of the zenanab,
or seraglio, are under a state of military discipline, can go
through the manual and platoon exercises, and the general
movements of Company drill. The following ludicrous
circumstance occurred some time ago, on the visit of an
European officer, whose curiosity had been excited to see
this female praetorian band : he observed with astonish-
ment that the big drummer, or rather the beater of the big
drum, had her instrument suspended behind, instead of
having it in the usual position, and was in this attitude
hammering away with great execution ; on inquiring the
reason of this singularity, he was very gravely informed
that it was merely occasioned by the gallant drummer
being at that time enceinte."

The only other extract we can make is from
the " Foreign Miscellany," and is too gratifying
to our national vanity not to give pleasure :

" There is no less candour than justice in the following
remarks, for which we are indebted to the per.of a French

m The Oa& with h h
o_oo the _spite*, which so 1.61111
veiled us against troops who were paralyead by along
-eries of reverses, was attended, with fatal consequences
when we came to face the English infantry, who had been
trained at great expense, and taught to fire with calmness
and precision. Oa the shores of :Calabria, at Mount
Busaco, Vimiera, Talavera, and Waterloo, the elite of orr
ranks were swept down by the murderous volleys o
Wellington's phalanxes. Deployed into line, they stool
firm, and coolly awaited the onset of cur masses, which
were not masked by swarms of tirailleurs ; nor, when the
encounter took place, did the English need any other ally
but that same want of caution which gave them the vic-
tory at Cressy, Poictiers, Agincom t, and Verneuil. The
English infantry repelled our attacks by adopting a prin-
ciple analogous to that which we ourselves adopted in the
opening campaigns of the Revolution ; their power of
resistance, like ours of attack, was derived from the pre-
liminary effects of musketry. The British line, deployed
at an early hour, and posted, wherever it was practicable,
on undulating ground or behind the crests of eminences,
was covered by swarms of sharpshooters, who, by the
very act of retreating upon the line, gave the signal of
our advance. So soon as the heads of our columns were
completely unmasked, the English saluted them with a
volley almost within pi.tol-shot ; and dreadful was the
havoc which it dealt amongst us. Instantly upon this
discharge, the enemy's line broke f. om their ground,
b tyonet in hand, assailed our broken ranks at every point,
and seldom failed in driving us before them. If, however,
this operation dal not at once succeed, the English soldiery
fell back with admirable celerity behind a second line,
which was posted in a similar manner to the first ; and
here we had to pass through a second ordeal. The affair
in which Marshal Soult involved himself on the 21st July,
1813, for the purpose of raising the blockade of Pampes
luna, affords an instance in complete proof of the system
pursued by the English, when exposed to the attacks of
the French.'"

THE BRITISH FARMER' SQUARTERL Y
MAGAZINE. No. 29. RIDGWAY.

The Rev. Henry Berry, the celebrated breeder
and agriculturist, is stated to be now the con-
ductor of this quarterly periodical ; and the pre-
sent number hears ample testimony to his capa-
bilities for such an undertaking. His paper
" A few Days at Holkham," is both important
and interesting—important, as showing the
results of the improvements introduroo by so
eminent an agriculturist as Mr. Coke—and in-
teresting, as tracing the management he found
it necessary to adopt in order to obtain the un-
proved system, now in pretty general operation
throughout the county of Norfolk. The " Ca-
techism of Gardening for Village Schools and
Cottagers," is also good, and we hope will attain
those advantages it seems calculated to confer.
It should be reprinted in the cheapest form for
circulation. Indeed, the number is superior to
any which have fallen under our observation, and
were it abridged of one out of the two of its sta-
tistical papers, we think it would be still further
improved ; for though written with great ability
,
and sincerity, they are not of sufficient interest
for the majority of the readers of such a publi-
cation.

THE MARKETS.-(THIS DAY.)
