LOCOMOTIV-E TRAVELLING.

On Monday Mr. Coles delivered his second
Lecture on Locomotive Travelling at the Mechanics'
Institution, in presence of many civil engineers,
machinists, and scientific gentlemen, when he exhi-
bited, as before, his circular railroad, and a new

step-rail; and showed, by working models, the im-
portant advantages of anti-friction machinery where
speed or power was wanted.
The Lecturer commenced by showing the neces-
sity of all four-wheel carriages being made to move
on pivots in the centre of their axles, instead of
being fixed and immoveable, as at present con-
structed. He then showed that the off-wheels of

an ordinary railway-carriage, when working round
a circle of 23 yards radius, would lose 10 inches
and a half every revolution they made, even when
working on moveable axles, and they could not
make many revolutions upon any curve without
running foul of the rails, and thus the engine would
have to contend with an enormous amount of fric-
tion ; one-half of the wheels of each train would
press with their flanges against the rails, as also an
increase of friction in the bearings of the axles, by
the wheels being thrown obliquely in their bearings.
Te obviate which he introduced models of a new
step-rail which may be made of cast-iron thus :an
indentation or step is sunk down on the inner edge
of the rail of about one-third its width, and half an
inch deep in the highest, and about three quarters
in the lowest part. The step of the rail for work-
ing curves woulril be so low down as never to come
in contact with the rim of the wheel in working
straight lines, nor when working the inner curve.
The flange or largest part of the off-wheel runs en-
tirely on the step or raised part of the rail when
working a curve of twenty-three yards radius ; but
if working a curve of twice that size it would work
one half on the plain part of the rail, and the other
half on the step, which would be undulated, having
hills and valleys of equal distance, by which the
wheels would run parallel with each other, and
thus work clear of the rails, and cause no side
friction ; and rails may thus be formed to suit any
curve ; the principle of securing the rail to its
bearings is both novel and ingenious, and which is
particularly described in an Essay on Locomotive
Travelling.
The Lecturer then demonstrated more fully his

Iprinciple of the traversing axles of the four-w-hee
carriages, from which it appeared manifest that by
fixing a stout iron bar to the collars or bearings of
the axles, the wheels being outside the frames, such
, bars would work up and down the grooves with their
collars, whilst their axles would revolve in their col-
lars as before, and to these bars two other bars would
4be attached, something in the shape of a quadrant,
which meet each other between the two axles, and
Iform a union or knuckle-joint, each part would be
operated upon by the rail and thrown diagonally with
• their wheels into right angles with the curve of the rails,
room being allowed in the grooves in which the
i
t wheels work, to admit of their moving backwards
1 cr forwards ; the point of resistance is thus trans-
feri-eti from. the sides of the carriage-frame to the
! pivots in the cross-stays on which the axle-bars
i move ; iwo loops would be attached on the edge of
all the axle-bars, about five inches each side of
their centre ; the bars being wider than the cross-
, stays, two bolts or keys would pass through these
loops to key them together, and keep them perpen-
d:cular over each other, that they shall all move in
the same direction.
He next elucidated the foregoing principle of
the traversing axles, by exhibiting to the ( au-
dience a four-wheeled locomotive, with the axles
!I
I placed into the frame diagonally to such an
angle as was required to work round a circular iron
railway 34 feet 6 inches in circumference, the
I off-wheels being 7-Bths of an itch larger in the
periphery of the wheels than the inner wheels,
1 which is precisely the same thing as if the periphery
of the wheels had been turned both of a size and
the flange left on. The rail and carriages being
made on a scale of one inch to the foot. A two-
t- wheel carriage laden very heavy was attached to
the locomotive, and when set in motion they tra-
versed round the circle in five seconds, or at the
Ccomparative rate of fifty miles in an hour. He
i next explained the nature of working them by ma-
t nual labour, and showed that by fixing a handle to
1
a spoke of the large anti-friction or driving wheel,
they. may be propelled with immense velocity, the
friction being transferred from the ground wheels
I which revolve seventy-five times, to the upper
wheels, which only revolve once, thereby proving,
i that there would be scarcely any wear in the work-
ing wheels. He next exhibited a four-wheel car-
riage, on which a man could propel himself by turn-
ing the wheels as he sat upon it. Mr. Coles
I then placed 1681bs. weight upon the carriage, and
placed it upon a level iron plane, and attached a six
ounce weight and brought it over a pulley which
propelled it, the weight was then taken off and the
'i common wheels were employed, and the aforesaid
i load of 1681bs. placed upon it, and it required eight
times greater power, viz. 48 ounces to propel it ;
I thus clearly demonstrating that one pound power is
i equal to eight pounds now on railways, or 641bs.
I on the common roads ; the advantages are of a like
proportion if employed on the common roads, and
this increase of power is gained by the reduction of
1 friction in the axles alone, leaving for future expe-
t riments to show what friction remains to be got rid
i_lf between the flanges of the wheels and the rails.
The Lecturer further showed that his patent
anti-friction machinery is about to be applied to
vessels, for which he has also a more recent patent,
and the combined force of manual labour and steam
may be employed, without the use of cog or crank,
of which a specimen will shortly appear at the
Hungerford stairs, in a handsome barge.
We understand Mr. Coles's next Lecture will
take place the '7th of October, and that it will be
1 eratu itous.

THE PORTUGUESE PRESS ON

THE SLAVE SUPPRESSION BILL.

(From the Procurador dos Povos )
" What do the English do here ? They traffic
for the purpose of sending our gold out of the coun-
try without even manifesting it ; are they here for
us or for themselves ? If England has no occasion
for this vile and miserable nation, then let the Go-
vernment send them away, or the people will shoot
like wolves those who remain.
" Portugal as Portugal stands iir noneed of Eng-
land ; and for this reason, when she was prosperous
she did not oppress the miserable, the half-starved En-
glish ; she despised them as pirates, and was kind
to them as unfortunate fishermen.

"It is very clear that the bacchanalian Cupid,
the man of the orgies, the despicable Palmerston,
wishes to compel us to a treaty of commerce which
would vilify our name, give the death-stroke to our
industry, and end in our perdition. Lord Palmer-
ston will not be able to carry this into effect
without the Duke of Palmella coming into
office ; Colonel Pizarro (Baron de Ribeira
da Sabrozo, President of the Council, Minis-
ter at War, and ad interim, for the Foreign and Ma-
ri!? Departments) is not afraid of the Eng-
lish, and for these reasons the Chamorres (Char-
tists)accOunstoldthemselves to the English, and on 'his
the mask they allow themselves to c'be stamped with
of servitude on their brazen fronts with-
out any signof shame,
reckoningupon and the Lords and Cham-
bers"
But let our ourinfamous
weakness
o, spit. in our faces !
that the peoulse oppressors tren:ule, re-
collectingwho shall sell us to Enpglanwdill crush the Minister
Let the Duke of
Palmella reflect upon what will take place should
he come into power with the idea of making us
slaves !

" We have in our hands many Englishmen, and
it is well that England should suffer a loss, in
payment for so many which she has made us suffer.
" Portuguese, be alert and courageous! Do not
allow the waters of the Tagus to flow in crystal
streams, while there remains among us the blood of
infamous traitors who would sell us to England.
Let the signal of slavery, oh, Portuguese I be the
signal of death for the traitors, and vengeance and
and war to those who wish to oppress us I Por-
tugal will be free, and will trample under foot the
pride of the infamous Lord Brougham.
" Nations are not measured by their numbers or
the extension of their territories ; it is by valour that
Bonaparte conquered everything, and came to break
the shield which rendered Portugal invulnerable—
it was the Portuguese people, without assistance
from any one—it was the people of Olhao that
raised the cry of independence, and Portugal after
this became independent, and Napoleon was con-
quered
The name of Napoleon alone was worth a
thousand Englands ! Napoleon was neither pirate
nor traitor. England is nothing in the opinion of

men of property, for greatness acquired by fraud
and deceit is of no value. Who is there who does
not repeat with contempt the barbarous actions of
a nation whose territory will disappear at the plea-
sure of the waves, and will become an expatriated
and wandering nation ?
" We cannot expect anything else of England ;
she protects the negroes—that is, she prevents the
negroes from being sold, in order that she may have
them gratis. She wishes to protect us to effect our
destruction, but this even Bonaparte could not do.
" England ! prepare thyself ; before ten years
have passed over thou wilt be placed between three
fires, when thou wilt implore a drop of water from
the Tagus to refresh you in the midst of civil wars.
DECLARATION.

" I declare that upon the first insult which shall
be offered to the Portuguese flag by any British
naval force, from that moment I swear eternal war
to the English, and to their commerce, offering my-
self as captain or soldier to the first corsair which
may be armed. I equally affirm, that on the arrival
of this information I will burn, in the public square,
all my effects and clothes of English manufacture ;
and I likewise proclaim eternal hatred against all
those favourable to the English, who will deserve
greater execration than the Jacobins of other days.
" JOAO PEDRO SANTA CLARA DA SILVA LEMOS."

The Nacional apostrophizes Lord Brougham in
the following rigmarole fashion :—" Haughty and
insolent Briton ! who art thou who darest thus to
tender slavery, chains, and death to a nation that
has been free and independent for so many centu-
ries ? Thinkest thou that the warriors behind
whose ranks your clumsy soldiers so often crouched
for shelter during the Peninsular conflict are no
longer able to grasp the sword ? Or dost thou
suppose that they all died at Bada3oz, Vittoria, and
Busaco, defending England ? Yes ; many of them
fell, but their sons yet exist ; and if the Portuguese
of that day, covering themselves with glory, scat-
tered before them and drove beyond the Pyrenees the
hardy veterans of the first nation in the world, their
descendants will not do less if any nation should at-
tempt to enslave them Member of the British
Parliament, look around you : what do you see ?
A sterile and ungrateful soil that ill repays the
sweat and labour of the boors who till it,—a fatal
and annihilating climate,—an iron hand locking
up all the gifts of nature—horrible darkness deny-
ing a passage to the cheering rays of the sun.
What else do you see ? An aristocracy for the
most part vicious and disorderly, trampling without
pity upon the other classes—at the utmost a dozen
of colossal fortunes, and the rest of the population
pining under the weight of hunger and misery.
Coarse and insolent Briton, raze from your coun-
try's shield the noble lion, and place in its stead a
squalid and starving wretch, vainly inaploring:a mor-
sel of bread."

THE CHARTISIS.-RIOTS AT
DUDLEY. .

last :—.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN.
Stß,—On perusing the admirable defence of Mr.
M‘Douall, for the verbatim report of which the public
are greatly indebted to your talented Journal, I find
allusion made to the proceedings which took place at
Dudley in the year 1834, when the present Attorney-
General, Sir John Campbell, was the Reform candi-
date for the representatio❑ of that town, and being my-
self at that time a resident of Dudley, and an eye wit-
ness of the scenes then enacted, I am competent to
give some account of their nature. It is well known
that on the above mentioned occasion Sir John made a
kind of triumphal entry into the town, and for several
nights in succession was the peace of the town destroyed
and the inhabitants kept in bodily alarm by mobs
bearing lighted torches, banners with inscriptions, and
tri-coloured flags, preceded by bands of music, playing
what Sir John would now designate the most rebellious
and revolutionary tunes. These processions were some-
times headed by the carcase of an entire sheep, with
gilded horns, to be roasted whole for the torchmen's sup-
per, and more than once I have seen them preceded by a
large rudely-fashioned wooden crucifix, bearing a lighted
torch on the top of it, and one on each of the arms,
thus forming a sort of fiery cross, a symbol well-

known in Scottish history—
" Woe to the wretch who fails to rear
At this dread sign his ready spear ;"
and under the circumstances in which this terrific symbol
was introduced at Dudley it might be considered as
an intimation to the Tories of what they were to expect
in the event of their rendering any opposition to the elec-
tion of Sir John. Those bands of torchmen, with banners,
shouts, and music, paraded, not merely the outskirts of
the town, but even the High-street itself, and that at an
hour long ofter many of the peaceable inhabitants had
retired to rest ; and it was a fear openly expressed by
many, that should the two parties come in collision at
that hour of the night, and armed with such destructive
materials as lighted torches, the consequences would
have been most appalling, not merely to the parties en-
' gaged, but to the town itself. It being generally reported
on the morning of the second day of the election that Sir
John would be in a minority, the town was consequently
in a state of the greatest excitement, and the working
men, who then thought the Whigs their friends, poured
into the town by hundreds. In the early part of the after-
noon it was announced that Sir John had resigned, and
then commenced a scene such as the oldest inhabitants
had never seen before. Many of the Tories had an Orange
flag hanging out of their drawing-room windows ; where-
ever these were to be seen was the signal for a furious
attack, and many of those houses had scarcely a whole
pane of glass left in their entire fronts. On entering the
High-street I found this work of destruction going on,
and no restraining power, either moral or physical to re-

press the riot. The Civil power of the town, were reduced
in a great measure to self-defence, as all they could do
was done under the able and intrepid conduct of Mr.

..-- -
Badger (a Magistrate), who formed the Civil power
and a few volunteers in the service, three deep, en-
tirely across the High-strcet,forming a barrier to the fur-
ther progress of the rioters. Close to this body of Consta-
bulary the Committee-room of Sir John was situated, from
the window of which one of his friends was addressing
the populace below, but what he said it was utterly
impossible to hear, whilst at the same time, from this
Committee-room up to the new Church, on both sides
of the street, the ruffians of Sir John's party were

smashing the windows of the Tories, and, in many
cases, destroying the window frames as well as the
glass—l saw several entirely smashed to pieces by
fellows in Sir John's colour, who wielded heavy blud-
geons with both hands, and showered their blows as
effectually as though they were using a sledgehammer ;
at one house in particular, a spirit-shop, the house
was laid entirely open, and some of the small show
barrels were smashed in pieces and thrown into
the street ; at this critical moment a troop of dragoon
guards galloped iato the town, and, headed by the
local Magistrates, charged the riotous Campbel-
lites, who fled on all sides, and, but for their
timely appearance the town would have been sacked,
and very possibly destroyed. Now, then, it may very
reasonably be asked, where was this great vindicator of
the laws, this redoubtable conservator of the public
peace ? Tell it not in Gath, proclaim it not in Askelon
—the answer to the many inquiries concerning him
was that he had privately quitted the town by the back
lanes, and was taken up by his equipage at the turn-
pike-gate below Dudley Castle, leaving that town which
he had aspired to represent in Parliament in the hands
of, and subject to, the tender mercies of a body of
riotous, tumultuous, and evil-disposed men, and I have
never yet heard that he took any active part in bring-
ing those parties to justice who were concerned in that
riotous affair. I am not aware of what Sir John can
urge in defence of torch-light processions in densely
populated towns which are not equally forcible in
favour of torch-light meetings in open spaces, and if
legal in 1834, why not in 1838 ? It is unnecessary to
say what would now be the fate of a procession of
working men passing through Dudley with lighted
torches, since Mr. Cook of that town, the staunch poli-
tical friend of Sir John, and to whom be was in great
measure indebted for his seat in Parliament for Dudley,
is now bound in heavy recognizances to take his trial at
Worcester, for calling of and speaking at a Chartist
meeting where language far more moderate was spoken
than was used by many of Sir John's friends in the hey-
day of Whig Reform. Mr. Cook will, no doubt, by
his steady adherence to principle, be immured in a dun-
geon, while Sir John, by his political apostacy, is re-
warded with a petticoat peerage, and some 10,0001. or
15,0001. per year ; but this is a state of things which,
thanks to Joseph Lancaster and Dr. Bell, cannot much
longer exist. Permit me to return you my thanks for
the candour and fairness with which you have treated the
claims and the conduct of my brother Chartists, and were
all the Press of this country to adopt the same principles
we should no longer see one class in array against an-
other, the rich beholding the poor with dread, and the
poor viewing the rich with hatred ; but with the ex-
ceptiOn of your Journal, the whole of the Daily Press of
London endeavour to hoodwink their readers to
privi-
leged icslpasalssinganadrouthnedirthoermgan;sthey pander to their ap-
Pbelitnldtes:oanthdisuiglinsthoefmthientfiamnecsi.ed security. The privi-
Gr, of
oh e
use Press,
the are
words alike
f
Gray—
" live regardless of the sweeping whirlwind,
Which husked in I
ag mri: Sir,r repose, expects its certain prey.',
our s respectfully,
A WORKING JEWELLER.

THE WEATHER IN CORK —The Most disas-
trous weather for the harvest has prevailed since nine
o'clock last night (Friday). A deluge of ra;ri has fallen ;
the river is much swollen, and the colour of the flood indi-
cates that the rains have been general throughout the &s-
-trict. The glass is low, and the prospect of a favourable
change is quite dubious.—Southern Reporter.

PROGRESS OF CATHOLICISM

From Mr. O'Connell's address to the People of
England, prefixed to a pamphlet containing a report o_
the Roman Catholic meeting held in London in July
. .

" In the present times it is admitted on all hands that
Protestantism, in all and every of its multitudinous
shapes and forms has lost all expansive power. In fact,
power of expansion ceased almost entirely within one
century after the invention of the name of Protestant—
that is to say, about the time when the plunder of the
ancient Church was exhausted. Since then, Protest-
antism has scarcely maintained its own, if at all, only
by the force of persecuting laws and of practical bigotry.
But almost universally, Catholicity is making at every
side its conquests. There is abroad a happy disposition
towards returning to the one fold of the one shepherd,'
which consoles the heart and animates the hope of every
sincere and charitable Christian.
" Look at England, and compare what she was
twenty years ago in point of Catholicity with what
she is at present. Everywhere Catholic churches are
rising around us! Catholic locks are crowding into
these places of worship. Schools, convents, and col-
leges, are multiplying ; converts are multitudinously
thronging these edifices ; and the ancient worship, in
that pomp and splendour which gratifies the eye and
delights the heart, is offered up to God with a dignity
and a reverence, worthy, as far as human means can
possibly be worthy, of the worship of the Almighty
God of heaven and earth.
" Look to Scotland, and similar scenes will crowd
upon your eye. The increase of Catholics in Scot-
land is still more striking even than in England.
" Look next to persecuted Ireland, senzper fidelis
of Christianity, and you may form an estimate of
the numbers and the zeal of her Catholic population

from the multitude of capacious and splendid churches
that are rearing their roofs, and exalting the triumphant
cross at every side.
" Traverse the Channel to France, and you will there
find heartless infidelity on the wane, and Christianity
daily augmenting her numbers. That weakness of
intellect and violence of disordered passions, which pro-
duced and fostered the silly rejection of Christian truth
in France, are disappearing by the return of calm reason
and sound judgment. France is becoming Christian
and Catholic once again.
" Look to Holland, and there yeu will find that the
Catholics, who a few years ago were a miserable mino-
rity, are now considerably more than one-third, probabl3
one-half, of the whole population ; and whilst the Pro-
testants are dividing away from one another in multi-
farious sects, or returning in crowds to the true church,
Catholic truth and Catholic union are becoming trium-
phant throughout the land.
" Turn then your eyes to Germany. See what a
picture Germany presents to you. You have the unim-
peachable—and in this respect, unerring—testimony o'
the Rev. Mr. Gleig, to the fact, that Protestantism it
Germany means, or produces, infidelity. And you car
learn from equally undoubted authority, that not only
the people, and the middle classes, but especially th(
highest classes, are daily forsaking the erratic notion
of Protestantism, and embracing Catholic truth. What
is yet more consolatory is, that the men of genius and of
first-rate talent in the literary world, are one by one de-
serting the barrenness of Protestantism, and becomin.
converted to, and apostles of Catholicity. I cannot avoi(
mentioning some ; such as Professor Phillips, late of Ber-
lin, who from the study of history, detected the false grin
ciple which pervades Protestant creeds,. Let me add the
high names of Stolhergh, Schlegel, Veith, Molitor, Beau-
tain, many of whom became Catholics by observing
that all that is beautiful in art and nature is nowhere t(
be found but in the Catholic religion. Nor should
omit the celebrated Adam Muller, who, in the dect
study of political economy, discovered that it was ord
in Catholic morality that he could find the principle:
on which that science could be honestly conducted
These men are indeed splendid additions to the votarie
of the ancient faith.
" Let me detain the reader one moment longer
while I call upon him to contemplate the progre,,
of Catholic truth in the United States of America
At the time of the establishment of independet,c,
there was but one Catholic Bishop in that country
There are now one Archbishop, and I believe 25 or 6k
Bishops ; while the Priests, and, above all, the Catho'i
people, have multiplied in a still greater ratio. lilts
Martineau described the increase of Catholicity as a -
tounding. Judge Halliburton—one of the most shre,i
of living observers of human nature—has given it as h,
opinion that all the people of tile United States will soon
be Catholics. Captain Marryat, though exceeding'
anxious to dispute the fact, yet qualifies his doubts
it by the admission that all the great Western State
must soon become Catholic, the great majority of their
inhabitants being already of that persuasion. This,
pursuance of the species of rantipole Protestantism whirl
he professes, he calls a dark cloud over the States
I submit that it should, be called the rising sun of C.:
tholic truth, piety, and purity."

IMPORTANT TO SURVEYORS

HIGHWA YS.

Parochial surveyors of highways in their respecti‘
parishes, by an Act passed on the 17th ult., will ha:
to make, on or before the 20th of November in tb,
present year, a return to Government of the particul,
state and condition of the highways under their charge.
By this Act (2 and 3 Vic. c. 40.) they are required to
state as regards the years ending in March 1837, 1838,
and 1839, the following particulars :-
1. Extent of public highways used for wheel car-
riages in statute miles, distinguishing streets or roars
repaired under local Acts, and turnpikes, from all otlit r
highways.
2. Amount of rates levied for the repair of these
roads during each of these years.
3. Sum expended in repairs.
4. Sum expended in law and other expenses not bei• g
repairs.
The clerks of turnpike-road trusts are also required,
within sixty days after the passing of the same Act, to
state as regards their respective trusts :-
1. Extent of turnpike roads in statute miles, with tie
number of gates with side bars in them.
2. Name of each parish or extra-parochial place
through whieh the turnpikes pass, and their extent in
each parish.
3. The present state of their roads, and whether
wholly kept in repair by trustees, or in part by parishes,
and if so, how far.
4. Effect, in their judgment, upon the security held
by the creditor of such road, arising from railroads, and
by the abolition of statute labour.
5. An enumeration of all statutes regulating their
trusts.
6. Amount of debt on their trusts at 31st of Decem-
ber, 1838 ; when borrowed ; how much of the (1,,t,t
consists of unpaid interest converted into principle ;
amount of interest paid to creditors in each year, fr ,m
1832 to 1838 ; rate per cent. of interest due on, and rate
per cent. actually paid on, such security.
The penalty for neglecting to make these returns, in
any sum not more than 101. or less than Si., and for
making a false return the penalty is 50/.

DEAFNESS AND DEFECTIVE VISION.—At
length these dreadful maladies aro completely obviated,
without torture and serious risk by medical treatment.
The Messrs. S. and B. Solomons, Opticians and Aunsts
to their Majesties the King and Queen of Hanover, a:
their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augusta and Soplea,
&c. &c., 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, and 96, Chez:l)-
side, have constructed a Voice-Conductor, and newly-in.
vented Spectacle Lenses, which will be found in most x-
treme cases to effect instant relief. It is seldom or ever
that an invention of striking merit is laid before the
public that ignorant pretenders do not start forth ;
in no case is this more observable than in Ireland as well as
England, by persons who not only assume the name of So-
lomons, but actually as having a connection with tlwir
heuse. Numerous ladies and gentlemen are daily
calling who have been misled by these pretenders, and
who have made purchases of their spurious imitatio,,s,
which they term Voice Conductors and Spectacles,
suppling them to be the Messrs. Solomons' invention,
which not only proved to be useless but productive of very
ill effects. The Messrs. Solomoas do not employ any agents
or travellers—their improvements in the materials are secr.2ts
to themselves, and are solely confined to their establish-
ment, 39, Albemarle-street, and 96, Cheapside.
A PLEASANT TRAVELLING COMPANION
Now that the season has arrived when everybody is go.ng
somewhere, and some are:going everywhere, the choice of
a travelling companion is. an important matter, and one
which under ordinary circumstances requires mature con
sideration. But this season all the usual trouble on this
head is happily spared us, by the announcement, in a col-
lected form, of a work of such universal attraction, that it
may securely reckon on being chosen as at once the guide
and companion of all travellers—not excepting those who
confine their pilgrimages within the walls of their own
chambers. We allude to the celebrated " Little Poi-
iingtoe—which (as everybody knows) is a " Guide" to
everywhere, and a travelling companion suited to the tastes
of everybody--always excepting those who think it un.
healthy to I,:ugh and unseemly to be happy. Seriously,
the republication in a substantive shape of Mr. Poole's ad-
mirable " Little Pedlington" at this dull and barren season
of the literary year,
is quite a godsend, and calculated to
give new life to the eZpiring appetite of the reading
public.
A Berlin letter of the Xist ult. says that a disease
strongly resembling the Asiatic cholera had prevailed for
several days both in that city ,arid Potsdam, from which
several persons had died, after al illness of only a few
hours.
Thursday night, Mr. O'Convellp Mr. John
O'Connell, M. P. for Athlone, Mrs. O'Connell and infant
ch:ld, arrived at Cruise's hotel, George-street,
f moral ip,
rom Dlin, en route to Darrynane. Nine o'clock rext
Mr. O'Connell ascended the dicky of his travelling car-
riage, and, in lieu of a speech to the expectai:t crop d,
invited them to give three cheers for Repeal of the E,Tr,en,
which they did, al,d immediately the party drove off, after r
throwing some change to the mendicants. The o,lly
thing Mr. O'Connell said was, in answer to a wag v. ho
exclaimed, You are beginning to look young, Sir," ,• It
is almost time for me—l'm determined to be younger ti: an
ever in my country's cause. " Then followed three cheer 3
Repeal.--Limerick the Repeal.--Ltertch Chronicle.
