EVRMING EDITION.

TO THE ELECTORS OF THE BOROUGH OF
MBIRMINGHAM.
Y name has been so publicly proposed as
that of a suitable person to represent you, 'n Parlia-
ment that it is due to you, anti especially to those who de-
sirous of promoting my return, to explain, first, the position in
Which I have found myself placed, and secondly, my views on
several of the leading political questions of the day.
I was not aware of the precise circumstances of the Borough
until my return, on the evening of the 21st instant, from a jour-
ney in the north of England. The whole of the proceedings
which have brought my name so prominently before you took
place during my absence, and without my concurrence. In
nominating me, my friends could, therefore, only have acted on
my known opinion, that, under a Representative System, every
man is bound, when called upon by his fellow citizens, to take
his due share in its administration, unless prevented by para-
mount obligations, and that he who refuses to do so, has no
right to claim the protection of Government.
As to my political principles, 1 belong to no party; inas-
much as I consider that the Christian rule, of doing to others
as we would that they should do unto us, is of universal appli-
cation. Keeping this principle in view, in the relations of our
domestic and foreign policy, I hold the following opinions :
That, as religion is a matter between man and his Maker,
no human authority has any right to interfere with it, so long
as the peace and welfare of society are not endangered ; that
not only should all Ecclesiastical demands, in the nature of
Church. rates or otherwise, be abolished, but there should be no
connection between Church and State ; and that all support of
religion should be voluntary.
Whilst I consider the institution of one day in seven for rest
and religious instruction a high privilege, and a great moral as
well as physical advantage to the community, and that it is the
duty of all persons, whether as individuals or as directors of
public companies or otherwise, to do all in their power to afford
their own servants and others au opportunity of enjoying it, I
am opposed to any legislative enactments to enforce its obser-
vance.
I consider that Commerce should be perfectly free, in all
commodities and with all the world ; and that the necessaries
of life should be exempt from taxation. This, of course,
would involve a total abolition of the Corn and Provision Laws,
which have already inflicted irreparable injury upon the coun-
try, and unless speedily repealed, will produce most fearful in-
roads upon our manufacturing interests, and upon the means
of support to the working classes.
I am in favour of a great extension of the Elective Franchise,
and opposed to any Property Qualification.
I conceive that the present legal duration of Parliament is
much too long, and that it should be reduced to a period suffi-
ciently short to give the Constituents all reasonable control over
their Representatives.
I wish to see the Ballot subjected to the test of experiment,
upon as complete a system as can be devised.
In accordance with the great principle already stated, and
ich my political creed is based, I hold that the punish-
th
of death in all cases ought to be abolished. I believe
r war will necessarily cease whenever the principles of free
lilh
trade are fully carried cut ; and I consider that it is as incon-
sistent with true national safety as it is in direct violation of the
spirit and precepts of the New Testament.
Without forgetting that, on all suitable occasions, it is my
duty to assert the political and social rights of my fellow coun-
trymen, I deem it still incumbent upon me especially to advo-
cate the cause of those who are held in personal slavery in any
part of the world ; and this I would do in accordance with the
dictates of our religion, which teaches us that every country is
our country and every man our brother.
The position in which my friends have placed me has com-
piled me to make the present declaration of my sentiments.
It only remains for me to state, that I believe, both amongst
my fellow-townsmen and the country at large, there is an in-
Greasing number who hold opinions similar to my own. At
the same time, they probably do not so far accord with yours
that it would be the decided wish of a majority of your body
that I should represent you in the British House of Commons ;
if so, 1 hope this can be ascertained long before the day of
election, and my name withdrawn with satisfaction to all par-
ties. lam not insensible to the kindness and favourable opinion
of those who are anxious to promote my election • but I most
strongly deprecate a single word or expression that can justly
excite any angry feeling towards those who may differ from
them. I hope I shall be excused for giving this caution, be-
cause, on these occasions, the best of men sometimes forget
that charity which they usually exercise towards each other.
I am, very respectfully,
J
Birmingham, 12th month, 24th, 18390.
SEPH STURGE.
----._.__

JATIONAL LOAN FUND LIFE AS
SURANCE AND
DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY.
26, CORNHILL, LONDON.
EASTERN BaANCH.-5, Castle-street, St. Mary Axe.
Capital, 500,000/.
EMPOWERED BY ACT OF PARLIAMENT.
DIRECTORS.
T. LAMIE MURRAY, Esq., Chairman.
Col. Sir Burges Camac, K. C. S. Robert Ilollond, Esq. 'M.P.
JohntElliotson, M.D. F.R. S. George Lungley, Esq.
H. Gordon, Esq. John Rawson, Esq.
/Joseph Thompson, Esq.
•

- .
AUDITORS.
Dr. Olir.thus Gregory, F. R. A. S.)
Professor Wheatstone, F. R. S.
ate'? trA a r—W. S. B. Woolhouse, Esq. ,F.R.A. S.
By the new principles of Life Assurance and Deferred An-
nuities, founded by this Society, the moral obligation of all
classes of making a provision for a family or for old age is
largely enhanced, by the immediate advantages secured to the
Assured themselves.
The details of.the principles of the Society, its improvement
in the system of Assurance, its economical arrangements in
favour of the Assured, its extensive Tables, &c., will be found
in its Prospectus, which may be obtained at the Offices of ti►e
Society, 26, Cornhili, London, or at any of its Brauches
throughout the Country.
F. FERGUSON CAAIROUX, Secretary.

TO CAPITALISTS.
111 e attention of PARTIES desirous of making ADVAN-
TAGEOUSINVETMENTS in LANDED PROPERTY
Vis Particularly directed to the following
ALUABLE and EXTENSIVE ES-
TATES in SCOTL AND, belonging to the Sequestrated
Estate of the Marquis of Huntly, which will be exposed to
PUBLIC SALE at an early period, of which due intimation
will he given :-
Ist. ESTATE IN THE COUNTY OF FORFAR.
The ESTATE of FINHAVEN, in the parish of Oathlavr.
"—This Estate, which consists of above 4,000 ACRES im-
perial measure, is beautifully situated in a fine agricultural
district, having the River South Esk yenning through a consi-
derable part of the Property, and is insersected by the Turn-
pike-read leading from the County-town of Forfar, to the
Tevrn of Brechin.
The greater part of the Estate is Arable Land of good qua-
lity, which is divided into Farms of convenient sizes, occupied
by a substantial and industrious tenantry. The buildings and
fences are suitable to the Farm, and in good repair. About
1,000 Acres are under under thriving plantations, of different
ages and of great value. There is no Mansion-house, but
there are beautiful situations for forming a Proprietor's Resi-
aence upon the Estate. In particular, the site of the old
Castle of Finhaven, the ancient Residence of the Crawford
Pamily, on the banks of the South Esk, is admirably adapted
fur that put pose.
2d. ESTATES IN THE COUNTY OF INVERNESS.
I. The ESTATE of INVERLOCHY, in Lochabar, as
Purchased by the Marquis of Huntly from the Trustees of Alex-
ander, Duke of Gordon.
This Estate is of great extent, and of highly improveable
character. The Sal-non Fishings in the River Lochy are
valuable, and the Estate abounds in game of all the varieties
found in Highland districts.
. The GLENGARRY ESTATE, as recently acquired by
the 2 Marquis, and which forms an extensive Highland District,
is beautifully sit chiefly both sides of the Caledonian Canal.
The Lands are occupied in sheepwalks by substantial
tenants, whose rents are regularly paid. There arc extensive
and valuable woods of birch, fir, and oak on the lands, chiefly
(f natural growth, and the hills, which extend many miles in
different directions, abound with deer, roe, grouse, ptarmigan,
there black game, and the lakes and rivers with salmon and trout.
is a large and convenient Manor-house and suitable
offices on the Estate, and the Caledonian Canal affords cheap
fland ready access to the Low Country. In short, so valuable
ed desirable properties, either for the capitalist or sportsman,
lßom appear in the market.
3d- PROPERTIES IN THE COUNTY OF ABER-
DEEN,
°f
The following SMALL ESTATES in the neighbourhood
r'ent perio Aboyne, onviz. Deeside, as purchased by the Marquis at diffe-
ds, :--
1. TILL YPRONIE, in the district of Cromar, and parish
of
2. KINMINITY, in the parish of Birse.
NVESTOTTN, in the district of Cromar, and parish of
Tarland.
4. EASTER MORVEN, in the parish of Tullich.
of Co CORRACHRIE, in the district of Cromar, and parish
e Coldstone.
6. BALFOUR, in the parish of Birse.
All of these Properties will form Desirable Investments.
The Trustee upan the Sequestrated Estates is in the course
°F Obtaining Surveys arol all other particulars for the informa-
tion of intending purchasers, the results of which will be pub-
lished in future advertisements. In the meantime communi-
eations may be addressed to Donald Lindsay, Accountant in
Mkdinburgh, the Trustee • Walter Duthie, W. S., Edinburgh ;
essrs. Spottiswoode and Robertson, Solicitors, No. 27, Great
George-street, Westminster ; or Messrs. Thomas and Newell
Barnett, Advocates, Aberdeen.
- -
YARNETT'S Restorative Tonic Drops
and Pills, an unfailing Remedy for Nervous, Local, and
fleeeral Debility. This celebrated physician never, perhaps,
exerted his vast talent and experience mere beneficially for
Inankinl, than in the prescription for the preparation of the
!P4llove•named remedies. It is an incontestible fact, that every
ecies of nervous, local, and general debility, so often the me•
iancholy result of youthful imprudence, must, without fail,
Yield to its sanative and renovating powers. Its operation is
not only certainly successful, when duly persevered in, but it is
tiso produced without the slightest risk or inconvenience to the
Patient.
, Prepared and sold, wholesale and retail, by Elliott, chemist,
°cc, 22, Lisle-street, Leicester-square (and may be had from
411 respectable patent medicine venders in town and country),
antl4 bottles, with a proportionate number of pills, at 4s. 6d., 1 Is.,
s., duty included.

NEW EDITION, BEING THE FIFTH.
In 12m0., price ss. boards,
ACCOUNT of the EDINBURGH SES-
SIONAL SCHOOL, and the other Parochial Institu-
tions for Education established in that City in the year 1819.
With Strictures on Education in general. To which is now
added, an Appendix,' containing Observations on Normal
Schools, Bible Education, Sce.

By JOHN WOOD, Esq.
Published by Oliver anti Boyd, Edinburgh ; and Simpkin,
Marshall, and Co., London.
Of whom may be had, by the same Author,
The EDINBURGH SESSIONAL SCHOOLBOOKS,:
namely—First Book, 3d. sewed—Second Book, Is. half-
bound—Sessional School Collection, 3s. bound—lnstructive
Extracts, 3s. 6d. bound—First Elements of English Grammar,
2d. sewed—Helps to Orthography, 4d. sewed—Etymological
Guide to the English Language, 2s. 6d. bound—Old Testament
Biography, 6d. sewed—New Testament Biography, 6d. sewed
—Exposition of the Prophecies regarding Mesqidh, 4d. sewed
—Exposition of Duties and Sins, 6d. sewed—Sacred History,
in the form of Letters. In seven volumes. 3s. each, half-bound.
