NEWS FROM GREECE.

Old Annuities shut
New Ditto

Ex. Bills, .£l,OOO Sd. 67 68 pm.
Ditto 500 2d. 67 68 pm.
Ditto Small
Ditto Commercial — pm
Bank for Account
India for Account ......
Cons. for Account B9 %

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds
Brazilian Bonds 59%%,
Buenos Ayres Bonds 22
Chilian Bonds
Colombian Bonds .......
' Ditto 1824
Danish 69N%
Greek Bonds
Ditto, 1825
Guatimala.
Mexican Bonds

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
1 Neapolitan -

IPeruvian Bonds
Portuguese Bonds
'Prussian, Old
Ditto, New
Russian
,Spanish, 1821

1823
French Rentes, sp. c. —f —c.
Exchange —t. —c.
3 per cent. —l. —c.
Exchange —f. —c.

Ditto, 1825 17%

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AY ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Bolanos Mining Co. .E300
Braz tan Imo. Min.( o. (155. at 5/. pm ) £2O
Ditto National .7%',i 101 A 10
United Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 21. pm.) £:1(.1N, 11
Guardian Assurance Co
10 24
... _ _

Palladium Assurance Co
Protector Insurance Comp,

COURSE OF RICH.
Amsterdam C.F 12 6.1
Ditto, at sight 12 4
Rotterdam 2 U 12 fi
Antwerp 12 ef
Hamburg M. 13.1315
Altona l'l 15;
Paris, 1 days' sight .......25 '7O
Ditto 2 U. 25 90
Bordeaux 25 95
Perlin_

Frankfort on Maine, Ex. M. 152 i
Petersburgh, ruble, 3 Us. 10 0
Vienna, effective fl. 2 M. 10 9
Trieste do 10 9
Merid 36
radix 161,4
Silhoa
Rarcelena 36
Seville 36
Gibraltar 47%

Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due.
O America 0 1 Hamburg 1
O Brazil
O Buenos Ayres 0 0 Jamaica
1 Dublin 0 0 Leeward Island's... 0
O Flanders 0 1 Lisbon .......... ........ 0
O France 0 0 Malta 0
0 Gottenburgh 1 0 Mexico
O Guernsey&Jersey.. 0 1 Waterford

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Mcrning... 29 minutes after 11. I Evening ... 0 minutes Ott! 0.

THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE,

STRAND.

THIS EVENING (first time), a New Musical Drama, called
THE RECRUIT.
Albert Ritzier, Mr. J. Vining; Col. Lacrosse, Mr. Baker
Pierre Petard, Mr. 0. Smith ; Hans Frankhauven, Mr. Keeley.
Agnes, Mi,s Kelly; Elise, Mrs. Keeley.
After which,
BOMB ASTES F U RIOS°.
Artaxominous, Mr. J. Russell;
General Bombastes, Mr. 0. Smith ; Fusbos, Mr. Thorne.
Distanna, Mrs. C. Jones.
To conclude with
THE SPRING LOCK.
Lorenzo de Medici, Mr. Wood; Giulio, Mr. James Vining;
Doctor Manente, Mr. Keeley; Doctor Flamingo, Mr. 0. Smith.
Amarantha, Miss Cawse; Vergellina, Mrs. Keeley.

spTri%mLororcoka..., a ilelo.Drama, with Sold for a Song, and The

..s:
Ebr nu.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1829.

The Constitutionnel gives a lamentable pic-

ture of the state of things at Constantinople.
According to that Journal, each day is marked
by new successes on the part of the Russians,
and the SULTAN has but one means left of
avoiding total ruin, namely, by entering into ne-
gociations with the conquerors. As if the sum
of his vexations were not already sufficiently
complete, his old enemies, the Janissarits, are
raising their heads again, countenanced, doubt-

less by the Russians, whose policy, during this
m has been remarkable for its wariness,
sagacity, and forethought, especially as regards
the tenor of their conduct towards the disaffected
Armenians and Janissaries. The enthusiasm of
the 'finks, is, it seenis, reduced to the lowest
ebb, and the order for 40,000 of the general
levy of Constantinople to hold themselves in
readiness, is executed slowly and with reluctance.

The latest Express from Paris announces that
the SULTAN has at length accepted the treaty of
the Gth July, that Turkish Plenipotentiaries have
been sent to the Russian head-quarters to ask for
peace, and that Adrianople has been taken. This
city, it appears, had been for some time a prey
to two contending factions, the strongest of which
siding with the Russians, enabled them to gain
possession of the place. The same authority
adds, that the official news of the entrance of the
RuSsians into Trebizond was every moment ex-
pected, and that in several places the Turks went

VIENNA, AUG. 28.

We have just received fiom Corfu the Universal
Gazelle of Greece of 25th July (No. 49), which
contains the following account of the opening of the
Greek National Assembly at Argos on the 23d July :

" ARGOSY JULY 23.

" The Committee appointed to examine the full
powers of the Representatives of the several pro-
vinces reported on the 21st to the President, that
of the Representatives whose papers were found to
be in order, M. George Sissini was the oldest.
Hereupon the President invited M.,Sissini, with the
other Deputies, to repair on Thursday morning to
the church of St. Spiridion to attend divine service,
which would be performed by the Bishop, and then
to take the oath which was taken by the Members
of the preceding National Assemblies.

" To•day, therefore, at the fifth hour in the fore-
noon,* the President, with the national insignia, ou
foot, and without guards, only with a few attendants,
and accompanied by the Ministerial Council and
Admiral Miauli , as well as the inhabitants, repaired
to the church, where he attended divine service in
presence of all the Deputies.
" After Mass the Deputies successively took the
oath and proceeded to the Theatre, where they
took their seats in the Hall that had been prepared
for them, and which was covered with branches of
myrtle and laurel. Some regular and irregular troops,
and a squadron of cavalry, under the command of
Nikita Stamatelopulo, Commander of the National
Guard, were drawn up in the way, which passed
under a triumphal arch, at the entrance of the
Theatre. A deputation of fifteen of the Represen-
tatives accompanied the President from the church
to the place of meeting. His Excellency entered
the Theatre with due pomp, preceded by a band of
£1 2 6 lof music.
£1 5 6

" The President opened the Assembly by the
following speech :

" Gentlemen,—l congratulate myself on being
in the midst of you, and esteem myself happy to give
you an account of the actions of my Government.
" Overcome by the laborious task, which is no
longer proportioned to my strength, I was impa-
tient to be relieved by your co-operation.
" If the state of my health allowed; I would my-
self read you the memorial, in which I view, one by
one, all the interests which the National Assembly
at Triezene confided to me, and the measures which
I have employed faithfully to maintain them.
" This memorial will be read to you : you, Gen-
tlemen, will strictly examine and judge of it.'
" Hereupon the Secretary of State read the fol-
lowing speech, which was listened to with profound
silence and the most anxious attention, both by the
Deputies and the numerous hearers who sat round
the Theatre.

" After the Speech had beer► read, all the persons,
both in the Hall of Assembly and the Theatre, cried
out three times, The President of Greece for
ever !' which was repeated on the departure of the
President, who returned to his own house on horse-
back.

" THE PRESIDENT OF GREECE TO TIIE FOURTH
NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE GREEKS.
" Let us with our whole soul praise the Al-
mighty : let us bless his holy name! You are at
length assembled to form the Fourth National As-
sembly, at a moment when the future state of
Greece is the object of the benevolent and efficient
care of the Allied Powers.
" Ihe circumstances. are arduous, but deeply sen-
sible of our duties, we hope that God will not for-
sake us. His mercy has saved Greece by miracles;
let us, then, be fully convinced that he has not done

miracles in vain.
When Greece threw off the yoke of slavery,
which it bad borne for three centuries, it was wirh
the aid of a concurrence of events which were above
human prudence and calculation. Greece contended
alone with numerous and formidable enemies, and
with disasters which succeeded each other without
interruption. Its bravery, its perseverance, and its
fate, awakened in the Christian nations •of both
hemispheres feelings of human compassion, so that
when at the e3Strcfn.P 91 its,embarrassmer►t and desti-
tution, and wheiL its !critical situation appeared des-
perate, it received Material proofs of generous bene-
volence, by which'it was enabled to defend the sa-
cred interests that it was endeavouring. to place
under the protection of the law of nations.
" Yet melancholy experience showed to the coun-
try that its generous struggles, its blood-stained sa-
crifices, did not attain their object, and did not
prosper, solely because they were not honoured with
the powerful assent of the European Powers_
The Protocol signed at St. Petersburgh in
1826, the Treaty of London of 6th July,
1827, and the ever memorable 20th of Oct.
at length announced to the Greeks that Great
Britain, Russia, and France, recognising the justice
of the Greek cause, had undertaken to prepare by
their powerful mediation an honorable termination
to the long sufferings of Greece.
"' Iu June the same year, I received the resolu-
tion of the National Assembly of the 14th of April,
1827. I thought that I could not better justify the
voluntary confidence of the Greek nation in me, than
by endeavouring to procure for it with some cer-
tainty the hope that the Allied Courts would not re-
fuse their gracious aid, as soon as Greece, by the
establishment of internal order, should have given
to the Allied Sovereigns security that it was willing
and able to effect its national and political regeneration.
"' In order to seek the best time and means for the
obtaining and confirming of these hopes, and to be
able to inspire the nation with the same hopes, I
made long anti circuitous journeys before I came to
Greece.

"' You know the situation in which the country
then was. You are also aware of the acts by which
the provisional Government of Greece was organized
with the approbation of the Senate, and amidst the
blessings of the people. I must now give you an
• According to the Oriental reckoning five hours after
sunnti by our clock nine in the forenoon. •
