PARLIAMENTARY REFORM.

Mr. HODGSON presented a petition from certain in-
habitants of South Shields, praying that they might be
allowed to retain their privilege of voting for members for
the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
Mr. BELL said, he had to present a petition, which
he considered of very great importance, from the county
of Northumberland, against the proposed Reform Ili I. It
was signed by two Right Rev. Prelates, the Bishops of Exe-
ter and Durham, by ten Peers, by sixty gentlemen in the
commiss'on of the peace, and by a very large number—
he would say about 2,700—0 f the freeholders of the
county of Northumberland. This petition, so numerously
and respectably signed, formed a convincing proof, in his
opinion, that the unanimity throughout the c.untry, in
favour of this Measure, was not so very general as many
people believed to b.: the case.---( Hear, hear.) The peti-
tioners prayed that this Bill should not pass into a law,
b, cause they were of opinion that if it did pass, it would
be subversive of the best interests rf the country. In their
prayer, and in the propriety of their opinion, he perfectly
concurred.--(Bear, hear;) He could not avoid expressing
his disgust at the inthnidatiou which had been held out for
the purpose of compelling individuals to support this mea-
sure.—(Hear, hear.) lie had not given way, and he
should not give way, to any such intimidation ; and if it
were necessary, he would continue to offer his utmost op-
position to every part of the measure.—(Hear.) Ile had
been taunted, as not being a reformer. In answer to that,
he would say that he was a moderate reformer, but he
could not support such a Reform as was now contemplated.
Mr. BEAUMONT did not mean to deny that the pe-
tition which had been presented by his Hon. Colleague
was most respectably signed ; but it would be wrong to
give to it all the weight and importance which would be
attached to a petition agreed to at a county meeting regu-
larly convened. He considered the present petition as
speaking the sentiments of the Duke of Northumberland,
and not of those of the county at large. When his Hon.
Colleague spoke of intimidation, he could not avoid allud-
ing to the circular which had been sent round to the
tenants of the Noble Duke, and which had appeared iu the
public papers. He did not mean to assert that that cir-
cular had emanated from his Grace; but if it did not,
his Grace's Commissioners had used his name in a way
which he should suppose his Grace could not approve of.
The circular ran thus
Duke's Commissioners send to Mr. -, for his
own and the signatures of the tenants of his bailiwick, counter-
parts of addresses to the King and the two Houses of Parli,
ment, in respect to the present llefbrm Bill, the originals of
which his Grace has signed, and in the promotion of which his
Lordship desires activity may be used, as a return is expected
in a few days ; trusting that all persons connected with him
will join in the prayer of the petitions, which their neighbours
should have an opportunity of signing if they think fit. The
Duke requires the names of tenants who do not sign, and hopes
that they will not embark rashly in politics, if they wish to place
confidence in his opinions, which can only be truly learnt
through his Commissioners._

" (:,Omrnissioncrs'-office, Alnwick Castle, April 5."
Now let the ouse look to the concluding paragraph :
" The Duke moires the name of tenants who do not
sign," and make their own comment on it. Could any
nun, either in or out of doors, suppose that this list was
called for merely to be left on his Grace's breakfast table,
without any intention of making further use of it ?
(Hear, hear.)—Having seen this document in the Times,
he had written to a friend iu the country on the subject,
and he answered in these terms :—" I have not seen the
Times; but the conduct of the agents and sub-agents is
such as the Times could scarcely misrepresent. The
tenants and under-tenants have been called on to sign ;hut
it is a complete failure. They have got 2,700 signatures
of men, women, and children ; for wives and daughters
signed for husbands and fathers." He greatly lamented
that the Noble Duke should have de ceiaded from the high
station which he held to countenance such proceedings.
He repeated that the petition spoke not the sentiments of
the county, but those of the'Duke of Nore,umberland.

. -
Sir 11. HARDINGE said, when he saw that this pe-
tition was signed by a great majority of the Nobility—no
less than 60Pders having affixed their signatures to it,
and 2,700 freeholders, he could not but consider it as a,
county petition of the most respectable character.—
(Hear.) With respect to the document to which the
lion. Member bad called the attention of the House, he
could state, most distinctly and positively, that the Duke
of Northutnberlatid never saw that document until it ap
peared in the Times newspaper.—(Hear, hear.) Tht
Commissioners considered that circular as a privitte and
confidential communieation; but a copy of it had bee!,
procured improperly, and sent to a newspaper at Alnwick.
With re-pect to that part of the circular Which expressed
a hope " that parties would nut embark rashly in politics,
if they wished to place confidence in his (the Duke's)
iisiiopi-
nions,
sdn'evriad,'' it c
h codu.ridose
oniy be truly learnt through his Com-
nfrom the following circumstance:—
It was found that at the very castle of Alnwick, an indi
vidual who had been an agent to a Noble Lord (Howick),
when he stood fddr the county, actually applied for, an,
obtaintal, the signatures of a great number of indivi-
duals, some of them belonging (he might say) to th
Duke's household, to a petition for Reform,--that pers,d
declaring, that it was a petition which would receive the
Duke's approbation, and that by signing it they would.
show their loyalty to the King, and regard kr_the Coati;

-ution.—(He tr., hear.) Therefore it was that the Com.
nissioners h.d conceived it to be their duty to state,
that the Noble Duke's opinions could be mil) ti
learnt through his Commissioners."—(Hear, hear.) They
'lid been forced to take this step in consequence of the un-
air means which had hi co teaorted to by- the.other side,
to procuring- signatures to the Reform petitioo_t u
k "ear,
'ear.) He could proudly refer to the Noble' Duke's
.trictly hononrable and impartial conduct in Ireland ; he
-ould refer to the munificent disintere,tedness with which he
,elinquished ten thousand pounds a year of his salary ; .he
could refer to the whole course and tenour of his lire, as
iffording sufficient evidence to repel the idea that he had
ever improperly or unjustly interfered with the opinions
if his tenantry.—(Hear.)
Mr. BEAUMONT did not wish personally to attack
the Dake. Thu onus 1.,y on his Commissioners. After

otne ob,=ervations from severAMemb:rs the petition was
-nought up and orderer; to b,, print,(l.

Mr. BELL then presented several petitions against
togro slavery.
Mr. HODGSON pre:etited a petition froM South
Shields, praying that they might not be disfranchised for
voting for Members fta. Ne.ccastle.
Mr. MACKINNON presented a petition fronalps rich,
praying that that town might not be disfranchised.
Mr. FOLEY presented a petition from Stowbridge in
favour of Retort,. •
Colonel LYGON was instructed by his constituents to;
say that this petition did not express the general opinion
of the town, and he had a declaration from a number
of persons who attended the meeting, thseenting from the
resolutions that were passed. Dais declaration was,
signed by ten Magistrates, who stated they were not
adverse to Reform, but they considered that if the.
Bill in its present shape passed into a law it would en-
danger the glorious Constitution. He professed in this
opinion he perfectly agreed. • •
Mr. C. FERGUSSON presented a petition from Kirk-
cudbright against the plan of Reform.
. _

After some obaervaiions from Sir G. MURRAY and Sir
C. FOREES, the petition was ordered to he printed.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON then presented several petitions
from various places in favour of Reform. ,

Sir J. JOHNSON presented a petition from Bishop's-
Castle against Reform.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented several petitions in favour
of Reform.
Mr. JOHN WOOD presented a petition frornt'reston
against the Beer Bill.

Mr. JOHN WOOD presented a petition from Pres-
ton, signed by 2,400 inhabitants; and also one from the
Minchester Political Union, signed by 6,000 individuals
in and near Manchester, in favour of the present plan of
Reform, and expressive of their indignation at what his
Pion. Odleague (Mr. Hunt), had said respecting their
disapprobation of the inealiure.
Several Hois. AIE3IIIEItS presented petitions from various
parts, for and against the measure.
