THE SUN, LONDON, SATURDAY, JANUARY 280837.

lip, at various times. for their 6.zen li.ierties—but never
-for the liberties of the people. Even Magna Charta itself
is hut a humiliating proof that the mass of the
people. were in slavery at the time it was granted to the
barons, and for the barons, who then as now considered
themselves " the people." They had their claims
allowed then ; but now we are twenty-five millions
against one hundred and seventy individuals.

January, at which time the plague was raging with great
violenee."--Journal du Commerce, Jan. 26.

FRENCH FUNDS.—PARIS, JAN.
Five per Cents., 109 f. 9.5 c. 15e *2oe.
Four and a Half per Cents. Ka
Four per Cents., 101 f.
Three per Cents. 79f 65c. 90e.
Bank Actions, 9.,445f. 2,435 f.
Rente de Naples, 9Jf. 981 05c.
Spanish Actives, 261,4 4.
Spanish Passives, 7
Belgian Loan, Five per Centa , 103.
Portuguese Three per Cents. 31 31!i.
haytian Lo::ri, 373 f.
fiiCDANGE ON LONDON.
One month, paper, trd. 270.,c.; money, 2.J 2742 e.
Three months, paper, 251 7y,e.; money, :231. 714 c.
—• o :es 4u/hen:nue.

The task of returning thanks for the honour done to
" the order," devolved on the last thing in the shape
of a Peer that was pitchforked .into the House of
Lords by the WEL tNcToN Administration—a rene-
gade creature of the name of BARING—who said that
the Peerage was " accessible to all classes of .his MA-
JESTY'S subjects." No doubt—if a man can scrape
together money enough, he may, from some Royal
advisers, get admittance there, though his blood has
crept. through scoundrels ever since the flood.

LAST PRICES.
Five per Cents., 109 f. 35c.
Three per Cents. SOL
Pank Actions, 2,155 f,
Rode de Naples, 99f. 10c.
Roinaii I ive per Cents., 10214.
Betgian Loan, 103.
Belgian Society, 1,556 f.
Portuguese Three per Cerits., 3, %.
Ilaytian Loan, 374.
Spanish Aptivos, 2114.
NlAllistl PAASiVeI. 714,
Spanish Ditibres, 9.
HA Mtalliti BORSEN HALLE, JAN 24.
Bills. Money.
Allstrian Metalliques, 5 per cont.
Ditto *ditto 4 per colt. —
Ditto ditto 3 per cent.
Ditto Bank Shares - 13111 1347
Anglo_Russian Loan IOSN 105
Paper Inscription, Ii per cent
Russl,in 5 per con. Metal.
11•""i411 1n10'44.1P, lii:W.-ilk.i,l i7:4:;3.1inil Ith
tiff! •;,,,..• j 3 9514 94N
Ditto, ceriitnatos
Fort uguese Regency Bonds, 5 per cent 45 473
Ditto, 3 per cent 3l 81.0,.4
Dutch tN per Cents.
Ditto 5 per Cents ,!,!;: .... •...-.•::' --z. r•-
Polish Bonds. 3Fr ciiiiii, ....,- ... •.• - • 14:.,,,, ---:
k42i. Ti,.,r.n,..1 .. : . 7::::-.... .... :- ''" -- . 154 v. 159%
..„—. " ... “s•lt•ti • ~.
A. iiiil6 b:IiIIP ..
.V4Ar.l4ll'et . eili'd. 7214 72
Nutwogiati Loan of 1R34, 4 p.r cents.
Spanish, in piastres 3 per Cents —
Cortes luau, 5 per bent ‘,3% 23%
Greek 4 per cents. 1i3.33, guaranteed by France 93 92!,i
EXCHANGE'S etsl ~,,i.v.;iiii.
iip...4,.,-,,..,, .1 -,„.,.-44.-43‘.:44 ; tYvo n'it,nWs. 14 p:.
SAVlliti: m;44.N. 11.-TVtro niontlis'rl 41-'4.
5t:VH.4911E4611, JAN. IT-Three'rhoritlit, 10 1116.
Bk1t1.11:••Iatt. 21:—..Thteeniontliii,".0. 2911.' • -
—liatnbure Part!r_fj 4;1. •'4i. ,I.
—4o'ilacrVN.\74L,litaligisim I • ' Money. Bills.
. . .
Actual Debt, 2% per Cent
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A lfTtt SendiX•iY• nc-r mit ...,, ~,,ttti••• - i44' OM;i
11419 A iiiiicl,' 44 kr cttllt'. 7l, 74
Conn efcial company, 4!4 06; ....... ... :: :• „ 184 183 M
Ditto (10/ and 1%1,1) 5 iler cont. ......
Exchange on London, One month l2 02,',
Two months ......

On Monday last a public Meeting was held in the
Guildhall of Norwich, "to petition Parliamentfor
Abolition of Church-rates." The Mayor, THOMAS
BIiIOHTWELL, Esq„ took the Chair; and, 44140,01
notice had been published only on the previous Haturtlay,
it was one of the most numerous and respectable Meet-
ings ever held in the city. Its proceedings were con-
ducted with absolute unanimity, 4lld reolqtions were
adopted, expressing the decided and uncompfornising
opinions which the Dissenters, and many of the
Church's most valuable adherents, hold on this im-
portant subject.
We eongratnl44: my 1...f0r4 op this qnswer
to his eharge, delivered. on the noted trial of the St.
Pancras 044;Tb-rate rf.PLISMIt3, when he teak
to harangue the Jury RP the blessings of Ohutch-rates
in general, and the of resisting them in
particular.

While his Lordship represented Norwich, he
had agaden tvinions from all sorts of men," and
so obtained a close aeuai►ii►ancc with the feelings
of his constituents. He is doubtless aware that,
until lately, there existod hi that city a remarkable de-
gree of apathy on this subject of Church-rates ;
and his son, the present representative, can in,
struct him how so marvellous a change has been
brought about, that a public Meeting Can at short
notice be got up in the Guildhall, with the Mayor for
Chairman, and comprehending large numbers and great
respectability, at which bold resolutions are passed in
favour of a total abolition of Church-rates.

uoyp's stuppiNG.—(Ttm nAy.)

DEAL, JAN. 27.—Wind E. N. E., strong breezes.—Arrived
the Johanna, De Jonge, from Baltimore. Several vessels from
Ramsgate harbour passed through the Downs this day,
PclaTsMnuTif, JAN. 27.--,,Wind N. E., fresh byeeses,
Arrived the Regent, Allen, from Surinam. Sailed tee !sae
hello Harninet, Sirnes, and Ontario, Hutleston, for New York.
A four-oared boat, marked,on the bow " Pilot Boat, No. 7," and
inside the stern, t` Richard Brewer Clarke," was picked up
thirty ;Tines S. W. of Beachy Head by the Amiable Victoria,
David, arrived at this port from Barfleur for London.
blywoot, J. 41.—Wind 4.f T4Wder-ate.—Arrived the
New Orleans, Agry, from New Orleans.
hlgssiNA, Dgc. 28.—We experienced a tremendous gale
here from the Southward the r&th instant, which has done
considerable injury to the shippliq, The proedom is much
damaged. About ten vessels broke from their moorings in
tile quarantine-ground, and drove foul of each other. The
Hunter came in last night from Licata, with loss of anchor,
cables, bulwarks, Ace„ ghe left the er,ledola ;shore, and
the Palmer alongside of her. There were seven vessels in all
at Licata ; the Cove is supposed to be one of them.
FALMOUTH.—Arrived the Celerity, Robertson, from St.
Michael's. Sailed his Majesty's steamer Radamantlins, for:
the North Coast of
COPENTIAGEN.—Arrived the Elbing, Pellan, leaky, and
must discharge—bound to Baltimore.
BREMEN, JAI(, 24.—The Gustav, Keelsel, bound to Ant-
werp, is leaky, and must discharge. The floating light re-
turned to her station at the mouth of tho Wesser, 22d inst.

This salutary change, his Lordship may assure
himself, has been effected by the agitation he would
so fain put down ; and especially by the efforts of those
who have exhibited the hateful law in full operation,
and demonstrated to Dissenters what spirit actuates
the upholders of the iniquity.

The Paris Journals of Thursday contain no politi-
cal news of importance. In the Chamber of Depu-
ties, Ministers brought forward two new projects of
laws—the one demanding a credit of 150,000 francs
to enable the Government to render more efficacious
the blockade established on the Pyrenees, so as to pre-
vent the possibility of supplies being illicitly conveyed
to the Carlists ; and the other to claim an appanage for
the Duke of NEMOURS, and a marriage dower for the
Queen of the BELGIANS. The maintenance of the
Royal family will prove no trifling expense to the na-
tion. For the appanage of the Duke of NEMOURS,
the incomes arising from the extensive domains of
Rambouillet, the forests of Senauches, of Chateau
neuf, and of Monticoult, are demanded—producing,
according to M. MOLE, a clear income over and above
all charges, of something more than 20,0001. sterling
per annum. These extensive and rich domains can be
made to produce more than double that sum. For the
dowry of the Queen of the BELGIANS 40,0001. ster-
ling per annum is demanded. There still remain a
host of Princes and Princesses to be provided for—so
that at this rate France will scarcely be large enough
to supply them all with appanages.
The KING and his Ministers arc daily becoming
more and more unpopular. On Wednesday an indi-
vidual was seized in a closet in the Chateau, where he
had concealed himself, with the intention, as was pre-
sumed, of killing the KING. His MAJESTY was in
the habit of passing through the closet in which the
man was found concealed, and there were circum-
stances connected with his apprehension which con-
firmed the suspicions of the inmates of the Palace, re-
specting the sinister nature of his intentions. He
was instantly conveyed to prison.
The Opposition Journals, one and all, loudly con-
demn the project of a law prepared by M. PERSIL,
for the punishment of all persons who decline to make
the police acquainted with plots against the safety of
the K 'NG'S person. This Act revives one of the worst
laws of the Restoration. The attempt to convert the
whole people of France into a pack of spies and in-
formers is deserving of universal execration. The law
is worthy of PERSIL, who is one of the most danger-
ous Ministers that ever held the seals of office in
France.

The Mars, Dunlen, from Newcastle to London, was wrecked
on the Gunfleet Sands yesterday.
The Thomas was driven on shore near Harwich yesterday—
abandoned.

The Caledonia, Manget, of Jersey, was totally wrecked at
Lecata during a heavy gale, 25th ult.—the master and four of
the crew drowned. _ _

The Matthias, Steffins, bound to London, has put back to
Hamburg, with damage.
The Favourite, Detaen, bound to Valparaiso, has put back
to Altona, and must discharge.

THE FUNDS.-(THIS DAY.)

CITY:-7'IVELVE O'CLOCK.

Our arrivals this morning are the French, Dutch, and Ham-
burg mails, with ship-letters from Mauritius of the 13th
August, and from the Cape of Good Hope of the 15th Noy.
'the Bank Directors were again in deliberation yesterday,
but no result took place. There was a great scarcity of stock
during the whole of yesterday, it being the day fixed for the
payment of the temporary advances made by the Bank, which
was effected without inconvenience to the parties who had to
pay them.
The bill broker who stopped payment yesterday had an inte-
rest in two or three country banks, who have either stopped
payment, or will be compelled to do so, in consequence of the
event. At all events, the difficulties of the house have not
created much alarm on 'Change, or in the City, and it is not
supposed the failure will be attended with much farther incon-
venience.

TUE PUNDS.

Consols opened this morning at the closing prices of yester-
day, 89a for the Account ; Money the flame ; little business
doing as yet. Exchequer Bills, 19 21 ; India Bonds, 16 18 ;
Bank Stock, 2051 2061 ; India, 258 260.
In the Foreign Market all description of Stocks continue at
the same quotation as they closed. Spanish Active, 251 a ;
Passive, 7f 1 ; Deferred, 12} ; Colombian, 251 ; Mexican,
9-1 25 ; Dutch Two and a Half per Cents., 53i 54.
HALF-PAST ONE O'CLOCK'.

As is generally the case on Saturday, there is no informa-
tion of importance in the City or on 'Change to communi-
cate, and all descriptions of the Funds are in the same dull
state as in the previous part of the morning.
Consols may be quoted at 89f i for Account and Money.
Exchequer Bills, 18 20 ; India Bonds, 16 18 ; Bank Stock,
2061 ; India ditto, 258 260.
Spanish Active, 251 ; Passive, 7 ; Deferred, l2if ;
Portuguese, 471- 48 ; Three per Cents., 34 ; Columbian,
251 ; Dutch q'wo-and-a-half, 62i- 64.
We have received a Spanish paper, the Espanol, to the
19th inst., in which it is stated that a person of the name of
Minaval having been arrested in Valencia as a Carlist, and
his house having been searched, the following papers, besides
two proclamations of Don Carlos, were found secreted there :
A copy of a convention signed by the Northern Powers to
place Don Carlos on the throne of Spain, Don Miguel on
that of Portugal, and Henry the Fifth on that of France,
through the intervention of the same Powers by a large armed
force.
A copy of another convention made in London by the re-
presentatives of the above powers for establishing the pensions
toibe allowed during their exile to the Queens, Donna Maria
Christina, Donna Maria de Gloria, and to the King of July,
Louis Philippe.

For the rumours afloat in Pads we refer to our ex-
tracts from the Journals.
PARIS, JAN. 26.—VISCOUNT RA NELAGII AT BAYONNE.
—THE FOREIGN LEGION OF DON CA lt LOS.—.-A letter from
Bayonne, addressed to the Indicate-lir r f Be: deaux, says
that Lord Ranelagh, who is now in that city, by no means
intends, any more then his travelling companions, to quit
the service of Don Carlos,; and it is surprised at the pro-
tection which he has received from the English Consul
against the order which was going to be given him to re-
move into the interiOr,of France, as is usually done with
persons who arrive from,.the head-quarters of Don Carlos.
" Ti,e Pretender," says this letter, " has just issued a
decree for the organisation of a Foreign Legion, and the
officer intended to command is precisely Lord Ranelagh ;
Colonel Brette, formerly aide-de-cAlop to the Duke of
Wellington, is to command the Artillery. Lord Ranelagli
and Mr. Humphrey, are commissioned to .enlist and orga-
nise the troops. These officers are to act. in concert with -
the Directing Committees in France and England, to invite
English, French, Prussian; Italian, and Neapolitan officers
on half-pay, especially those who have retired since l 8:30,
to engage in the Legion. Officers and privates from the
English and French Legions will also be admitted.
" One of the articles of the Decree is, that the new
legion shall not combat against the English flag, and that
prisoners shall be respected. You will see now that it is
by the French frontier that the men and the effects neces-
sary to form this corps will pass, as is the case with every-
thing that the Carlists require to subsist, clothe, and
arm : but for this, the faction would have been long since
annihilated.

THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for the Account, so} 4.

The remains of Lord Audley were interred in the
family vault of the parish church of Melksham,on Tuesday
last, with great privacy. The reports that the present
Lord conies into possession of the estates at Sandridge, in
Wiltshire, belonging to his late grandfather, his father
having sold his life interest therein, is incorrect. The
estates were sold about 20 years ago by the late Lord, who
barred the entail.

We regret to state that the Countess of Essex is
dangerously indisposed. Her Ladyship has long been a
sufferer from a dropsical affection of the chest ; hence the
present dreadful epidemic has visited her with increased
severity. The Viscomtcsse d'Anchald, the adopted daugh-
ter of Lady Essex, is unremitting in her attendance on her
patroness.
The Right Hon. S. R. Lushington is at present
suffering under the effects of the prevailing epidemic, at his
seat in Kent.

Died at his residence in Bath, on Friday, Jan. 20,
after a long illness, Sir Patrick Doherty, C. 8., K.C.H., for
many years Colonel of the 13th Light Dragoons, in which
regiment he served upwards of 35 years, and during which
period he was engaged in much active service.

" All kinds of provisions, linen, cloth, leather, brandy,
&c., are openly sent ; and as for arms, powder, lead, and salt-
petre, the exportation of which is prohibited, how do you
suppose that the frontier can be guarded with so small an
establishment of Custom-house officers or gendarmes, that
at the most only two men can be stationed, at intervals of
half a league, in a straight line."
If this is the manner in which the treaty of the Quadruple
Alliance is to be executed on the part of France, the cause
of the Queen gains little or nothing by it, and it might as
well not exist. The facts which I mention in this letter,
and the authenticity of which I will answer for, will give
all persons of good faith ground for melancholy reflection.
The Constitution/re/ of this morning (26) contains the
following paragraph of a letter from its correspondent at
Madrid, which it publishes (as it says), because it realizes
the prediction of MM. niers and Passy in the debate on
the address :

The Duke of Beaufort is not expected in Park-
place, from Badminton Park, until Monday next. Lord
Alvanley's late residence in Park-place has been taken by
the Noble and Gallant Duke, in addition to his present
mansion.

Lord Milton has arrived at Malton, from Milton
Park, to attend his election for that borough. His Lordship
having attained his majority is qualified to sit in Parliament.

_ .
Sir Robert Gordon has arrived at Chatsworth,
where he will visit the Duke of Devonshire, on his way to
town. The Right Hon. Gentleman is expected to remain
at the Clarendon.

The Duke of St. Alban's arrived in town to-day,
in order to attend the Ministerial dinner, to be given by
Viscount Melbourne on "Monday next, to several leading
members of the Aristocracy, to meet the present Ministers.
Sir Richard Vaughan has been appointed Ambas-
sador at. Constantinople, in lieu of Lord Ponsonby, who is
coming home.
EVERY AGE GETS WISER AND WISER.--A
certain Lord now dead (of course nameless) was so de-
lighted with Punch at a country fair, that he bought him for
the amusement of his family and friends ; but to his great
astonishment, under his Lordship's care, Punch would not
speak ; but now the Chandos Lord, by his apt 501. clause,
has made Punches of all farm tenants ; they are. ordered to
ride, walk, or meet the steward at the polling-booth. They
are poked up, Punch-like, and the Steward at their heels
speaks for them,

" I conclude with an important piece of intelligence which
I have just learnt. I give it without note or comment—such
facts speak for themselves. M. Villiers, the able represen-
tative of England, has in his hands a treaty of commerce be-
tween Great Britain and Spain, which he has not ventiired
to publish yet, but which, and undoubtedly will be, pub-
lished, if the French Chamber of Deputies decides against
intervention. Of course this treaty is highly favourable to
the interest of England, and the prejudice of that of France.
Will France have a right to complain of it ? Happily the
manufacturers of Catalonia will in this instance be of the
same opinion as France, for this treaty, if carried into ef-
fect, will ruin all their manufactures. The Eclaiteur of
Toulon says that the Malouine, Government brig, had just
arrived there from Tripoli, which it left on the 10th of
