MR. PEARCE.

MrfIi.TIEORNTbN understanding that much mis-
representation had gone abroad with rcspeti. to Mr.:
rearcu'i.contract for great co;its for the Array, gave
thFit early in the next Stiss'on he uonld
rnu.e fui. the produOion of Inc correspondence be-
.tween the Sccietary at W:tr and Mr. Pearce' on the
subjea. . .
'On the motion,ol Mr. WILiERFOfICt it was or-

:tiered, that an I►tinible Address be presented to his
.iv4a:resty,prityingjhat he \vould,he gt;:teiously
to cause to he•la:d before ihe:Hpile the 4111, sth,
6th, 7th,- Bth, 9th, and itY h Reports of the COrti.
-Iniss.oncrs of al Revision.

The Deputy ii,her of the Black Rod then:sum
moned the House to the (1-10,..,Ee 'of Pter,. '1 he
Speaker atid the .Mea.bers present decordingiy-'Ut-
tended.

On tht•ir return, the SPEAKe,n, front the. Chair at.
the tab;e of the House read a Copy of his Majesty's
• Spepcb to the IV übtrs, by whout 4t was ti4uouact-
•tds alter whicil4Ley dibpersed. . •

MAILS.
ARRlVEDe..lCottenburgh, t Dublin, ; Vlnterfurd.
Dus—t Dublin, A Waterford.

PRICE OF STOCKS
THIS DAY AT TWELVL O'CLOCK.
Consols - - Red. Ann. 68i j Oinnium - 3

T S U

SOLIM Q,UIS. 111CIAZ iALSULI AtiORAT ?

L 0 N 0 IV,

TUESDAY, JULY 5, 1808.

A Mail from Gottenburgh arrived this morning :
The following is the only article of any importance
which it contains :

GOTTENBURGH, JUNE 27.--ACourierarriired this
morning from Stockholm, with Dispatches from Sir
JOHN MookE, for Lieutenant-General HOPE, since
which we understand an order has been given for all
Officers to repair on' board" their respective Ship 3;
but nothing has yet transpired with respect to the
destination of the Expedition. Sir J. MOORE is ex-
pelled to-night or to-morrow, relays of horses were
ordered upon the road for him. It is reported that
the Swedes have been successful against the Russians
in. Finland, but we have not received the official ac-
counts."

A report of a singular nature is stated in the
Guernsey Paper of the 25th ult. to have reached
,that Island from the Coast of Fiance, viz. " That
an insurreCtion had broken out in the South of
France, of a most formidable nature, ail the opera-
tions of which had been concealed till 55,000 men
had been completely armed and organized; that
the signal for assembling was the try--" Au feu !
au feu! au feu!" that in the Provinces of Langue-
doc and ROusillon also, from 35 to 40,000 men
were in ains, who had joined the Spanish Patriots
ill Catalonia ; that the general cry of the unfteci ar-.
thies-was , " Peace -with, England, and War-with,
Buonaparte ;" that the whole Pyrennean Fructier
was in full insurreation ; , and that TALLEYRA ND was
supposed to be the grand mover of the revolt."
We are not disposed to give much credit to this-
, rumour—at the same time we have very little doubt
that if ever an insurrediun should take place in
France against BUJNAPARTE, it will commence in
ou
the Stli.

Letters and Papers from Holland to the I,.ct inst. have
reached town. The latter bring no intelligence of
importance; they contain some trifling details froin
Bayonne ; but with, respell to the peat events
have taken place in Spain, they -of course
preserve the most profound silence. MuivA-r, it is
said, has arrived at Bayonne, from which we Way
infer that he deemed his position near Madrid inse-
cure. Same of the Letters state, that it was cur-
rently 'reported 1n Holland, that BUONAPAIITE
had declared War agaipst Austria. Wp can-
not, however, suppOse that, circumstanced as he
is at present, he would' unnecessarily engage in
hostilities with Austria, unless indeed he wishes for
an excuse for abandoning for. the 'present his designs
upon Spain.. If, however, we may trust the ac.
counts in these Papers, BUONAPARTE IS so far from
entertaining any intention of giving
up his nefarious
plans against the independence of Spain, that he is
colleting the whole of his disposable force for the
purpose of pouring it, into that Kingdom.

Government are malting the greatest exertions to
afford the most powerful assistance to the Patriots of
Spain.—Three Brigades of Infantry, consisting of
10,000 men,.. have received orders to embark at
Ramsgate. The whole Force to be 'employed on
this important service, we understand, will be rather
more than. Thirty Thousand Men.

THE SPEECH deliver :;l yesterday by the Loma
' CHANCELLOR, in His MAJESTY'S name,, to both
Houses of Parliament, we may venture to pronounce
one of the most satisfaaory productions of the kind
that was ever submitted to.ilm people..of.this'puu,n-
try. It breathes the national spirit in terms of manly
simplicity, ati 'is marked by that, humanity, gene-
: rous sympathy, and Zeal for freedom, `which, we
trust,-will always be essential qualities in 'the'
tish charaCier, .Its allusions to the Enemre
but temperate. Whatever horror and indigna y ati firm,
on the
atrocious conduct of that Enemy must have excited
in all mankind, , it becomes the dignity of the British
Throne to speak with -a moral 'energy, and not-:to
adopt that -vindi6live asperity •A bleb uniformly marks
the'language of France, and which its own conduct
would abundantly justify, if applied to itself. Such
:language is only suitable to. an upstart Tyrant, whose
original vulgarity is not. to be effaced by all the
power and grandeur which his crimes have enabled
him to acquire. Bnt the most interesting pelts of
14 Is MAJESTY'S Speech are those which relate to the'
glorious struggle in which the Spaniards are now en-
gaged for the preservation of their
_independence as
a people. That struggle will
.be qn eternal
ment of honour in the annals. of Spain ; onu-
arKUGreat
Britain will share its that honour the.noble zeal
And promptitude with which she hastened to assist-

in the glorious cause. We hope that in spite of the
with which a jealous. Tyrant endeavours
to prevent the introduction of any. thing that may
expose his depravity, into the Countries which he
holds in slavery, that the sentiments and determitia-

tions of Great Britain, as expressed in the Speech
of the British Monarch, will find their way into
France and all her vassal States. It is impbssible
that the People of those Countries should read the
noble 'sentiments, and observe the philanthropic
views Which that Speech holds forth, without being
struck with the degrading condition to which they
are reduced in being compelled to live in enmity with
a Power so anxious for the happiness of other States,
'and that is so %ready- to hazard all its energies
to maintain the freedom of.a people who are,threat-
ened with the worst of bondage. What a contrast
does the conduel of the British Nation, with a vir-
tuous Monarch at its head, offer to mankind, in
comparison with the proceedings of the French
Ruler at this moment ! On the one hand, we lee a
Tyrant, who has contrived by the basest treachery
to ensnare the Royal Family of an independent
State into his power,. after ,they had submitted to,
.every thing which his caprice, his pride, and his
rapacity had demanded of them—obliging them to
resign all their rights into his hands, and then
endeavouring to reduce their former subjects into
the most humiliating thraldom ! !—On the other
hand, we see a virtuous Monarch and his People
filled with indignation- and disgust at such a per-
fidious career of insatiable ambition, and anxious to
employ their best resources in preventing a generous
Nation from falling a vkiim to so diabolical an at-
tempt. Such a contrast must strike the Nations of
the Earth, and while it increases their veneration- for
the People of this happy Island, the great asylum
of suffering humanity, it must proportionably exas-
, perate them against the common Disturber of Europe
and scourge of mankind ! Rut a glorious spirit of re-
sistance has arisen in Spain, and we will indulge the
hope that it will, spread through other States, as it is
calculated- to awaken them all to a sense of their
interest, and to rouse them to an assertion of their
rights, which qre now so cruelly trampled upon byi
ferocious Usurper. The present is the most 'in-
teresting crisis that has ever occurred since the French
Revolution discharged its horrors on mankind, and,
whatever may be the issue, the conduct of Great
Britain will be recorded with honour. • She held out •
against all the rage, all the' menaces, all the power
of its unrelenting foe, and readily came forward with
the whole abet- enemies, in order to effect the de-
liverance of Europe, while she herself was happy
and secure ! ! !

Yesterday, about twelv.• o'clock, his MAJESTY an;
rived in town from Windsor, at the Queen's Palace:
At half past one o'clock his MAJESTY lield a Privy
Council, which was attended by the LORD CHAN-
CELLOR, the Dukes of PORTLAND and MONTR.oSE,
Earls CAMDEN, WESTMORLAND, BATHURST, and
WINCHILSEA, Lords HAWKESRURY and MULGRAVE,
Mr. CANNING, and Mr. PERCEVAL,
The Marquis of .HUNTLEY. attended, and was
sworn in Lord - Lieutenant of the County of Aber-
deen.

The Earl of MORTON likewise attended, and was
sworn in Lord Lieutenant of the County of Fife.
After which, his IVIAJESTY'S Speech, to be delivered_
by the Commissioners, to both Houses of Parlia-
ment, was taken into consideration.
His' MAJESTY gave private audiences ti the Duke
Of PORTLAND, Furl CHATHAM, Lord. MULGRAVE,
and Mr. CANNING.. His MAJESTY afterwards set
:off on his return„ to Windsor.
The Gentleman who arrived in town on Sundayafternoon from Lisbon, is a Lieutenant-Colonel in the
Portuguese army, his name is CHARLES FREDERIC
LECAUR ; he is'said to be nearly connekried. with Sortie
of the first persons in Portugal, and to bear the most
respeCtable character as a Military Officer. He came
off in an open boat from LisbOn, to inform the first
English Officer' he could Meet
.with of the state of
his Country, .and the disposition of its inhabitant,
•aQd to proceed by the first . conveyance to London,
as we have already stated that he has done, to claim
British assistance through the accredited organ of the
Portuguese Nation at our Court.
Lieut. TALBOTT, the bearer c-,f the dispatches horn
Admiral l'oavis, is a most active and enterprising
Officer. He served under. Sir HOME Porti Am at
the taking of the Cape of Good Hope, and was
also 'employed in the reduaion of Monte Video anc)
Buenos Ayres, where be acquired great honour .for.
bis judicious conduci, of which' the Commander in
Chief spoke very highly in his dispatches.
Sir THOMAS DYER, W4O has just been intrusted
with an important Mission to Spain, is a Gentleman
of great military knowledge and experience., and of.
the most respaable characler in public arid private
lite. He is, besides, well acquainted with the Spa=
Fish' language, and indeed most of the Continental
tongues. He is in the prime of life, and played
above all interested considerations. A zeal .14 the service 'of his country and a cordial sympathy
with thoie who are employed in the noble _attempt
to resist tyranny and oppression, are tile motives
which .have animated this Gentleman on the present.
'glorious occasion,
•
The following Corps are stated to be prepared for
immediate embarkation, viz,:
The 7th, t ith, 13th, and 18th light Dragoons—A Brigade
of the Guards First Battalion of the s ist_ The Second Re-
ximeni of foot--First Battalion of the s2d-- First .Baltalioic
'of the oth— Fourth Batt ;lion ot the Royals - wentiqh Re,
giment of Foot—Second Battalion of-the 4th Foot—First
Battalion of the 97th—Second Battalion of the 47th— Forty.
third 'Regiment, both Baitalions...
There was no alteration made in the Price of Bread'
tp-clay. • , . •

DBAL, JULY 4.—Arrived his Majesty's Brig
Blazer from the Westward, aiid remains in the
Downs with his Majesty's Ships as per last.

PORTSMOUTH, JULY 4.—Arrived his Majesty;
Ship Alcmene from Plymouth.
Sailed his 111a)csty's Ship Boadicea on a cruite. ,

GIBRALTAR, JUNE 4.—Hostilities have already`
commenced•between the French and Spaniards, and
the advanced guard of the French army, of 3000
men, have been completely defeated in the passes of
the Sierra Morena by
,the armed peasantry and
smugglers. Between three and four hundred of the
prisoners had arrived at Seville when the last ac-
counts left that place. A loan for 50,000 dollars
was opened here this morning •by General CAS'
TANIOS, for the payment of the Spanish army, and.
such is the patriotic spirit of the inhabitants of this
place,. that this sunl was subscribed and raised in the
course of a few hours, the subscribers refusing any
interest upon the same, though to per cent. was
offered..

BRIGHTON, JULY I.—The catch of maikarel was
SO great last night, that they were retailed in the
this m,roing at sixteen for a shilling, few of
the fish Weighing less than a pound, and many being.
double that weight. One of the boats last night,
the shoal of mac are' being so great, had the meshes
of her nets so closely occupied by them, that it was
impossible to -drag them The fish and netS
therefore, in the end, sunk together, the ti4hermaa
thereby sustaining a loss of nearly sixty pounds, d-
elusive of what his cargo, •could he hate brought it
into the boat, would have produced.—General MAC?'
KRNZIE has been removed from hi 4 command in this,
di:triat, being destined for. foreign service. He iS
succeeded here by General HUSON.

, .
. --
Captain CARROLL, 188th Regiment, arrived thin
rn,,rning trotn Colchester, at Lord CASTLERRAGie,I
Office, in consequence of an order frOm the Com-
mander in Chief, and leaves town this evening for I
Portsmouth, to proceed immediately to Spain, where,
we understand,- he is to. be employed to ad in an
official situation with the Spanish Army.
Captain CARROLL was one of the Hostages left in
South .America ; he is a most excellent Linguist,
and perfedly acquainted with the Spanish 'language.
He rendered himself peculiarly popular with Gen.
LINTERS, .'nit all the principal inhabitants of Buenos
Ayres, with whom he lived in terms of the greatest
friendship.
The Spaniards place the most implicit confidence
in us. It is said that the General of the Spanish
lines, on marching with his troops to Cadiz, sent
word to Sir HUGH DALRYMPLE, who cumtnancl4
at 'Gibraltar, that be left his lines to " British
honour."

The order for the liberation of the Spanish prison-,
ers extends to every one who is willing to ettroD,
himiell under. the Patriotic Standard. It was. read
on Saturday morning to those confined in the ship;
in Krtsmouth harbour, and we are happy to Slate
that it .was received %vial. an unanimous acclamation
of joy. The arrangements for the restoration of the
Spani•ili prisoners in
,(.Itieral have been entrusted 1"
Col. Do'rt.E, nephew,to--Sir -Tour]. Dovx.E, and Caps
KENNEDY, his Aid-de-camp, botn of whom nave
fOr Portsmouth. A deputation of the pri'
soners was sen fo;: to London,,io order to give them
personal assurances of the interest that the liritish.na'
tion,takes in the gloriOus struggle of their country'
men for thei, i. ‘Ztependence. They were introduced
to Colonel DOYLE and Capt. KENNEDY, and two
Officers more 'eligible for the service therhave t‘3'
fulfil could not have .
The report of a negociatfoit between Russia 304
this Cu...nry was yesh:rday so strongly crecited
its
the city as to produce a considerable deprectaitun iri
all artic;es of Russian produce. Hemp fell no leso
than 101. a ton, and tallow and linseed :id in pro'
portion.

According to the German Papers, the greatest ac'
tivity prevails in the
,recruiting of the Austrian
armies; and a sort of military ieturni is announced'
The whole army is, in imitation of t,. • F 'eh, vided into ten divisions, three of whichre are
man.led by Archdukes of he Imperial La'ouse. 01
the gut ult. the Guvernment issued a Proclamation
fur raising 'an army of reserve for the defence of tile,
monarchy, at the same time taking care to boast ,
the friendly relations of Austria towards all the Powell
Of the Continent.
„Baron FIONIPESCH, who had fitted out, and coal'
mands a Privateer of .20‘gtins, has taken possession
of a small Danish Isle in the Baltic, in which be
fpund stores, the property of the King of .15ENAtARIC,
to a considerable amount : he loaded his Privateer,
• and 'car-tied a freight to the Orkneys, where be.-
landed it, and then directed the Privateer to return'
in order to re-lade with more of the Enemy's pre perty, proceeding himself to London, where he
is
arrived, in order to receive the instrudions of Go''
vernment respeeling the Island, which. he left
possession us part of his crew.
• Time Lotdi of. the Admit.-04
try a new plan, which has received their Lordshipi
approbation, to increase our seamen, and which is to
be adopted with all Convenient speed, It is to raise
five thonsand bbys, for which a guinea bounty i.. f°
be offered. They are to be divided into three
classes. From l 2 years old to. i 4, to receive seven
guineas a•year wages; from 14 to i 6, nine guineas
a-year ; Irony 16 to 18, eleVen uineas a-year.
• Two more Atn•ric4ti Vessels have been recently' •
condemned in H,lland,: for having lie.en visited 113
British ernize —the names of which are the :ha/
ll~arys, and the Mercury.
The • Ist and 2.i• Ile ;invents of Life Guards were
brigaded yesterday on Wimbledon C 011411011; plepr ratory to then being reviewed on the 14th.
Sunday NIOn ing as the seventh regiment of Light
Dragoons •e. ere exercising on Hounslow He:dh •
whilst upon the full charge, two privates, named
Harris and Johnson, • belonging to Lo:d Walde-
grave's troop, fell, and were both killed the spot.
A new Palace is to be erected at Croydon, by or'
der of the Archbishop o C4NTEItBURY, as a suit"
able residence for the Primate of all England";
Archbishop BECKAR, %kith a laudable zeal to sui,rf
the dignity of that high station, lett considerable Fri?"
perty for the express purpose.
•
The Marquis of TAVISTecK, according,,to rep--
in the upper circles, is about to lead Lady ANNA
_:
MARIA %TANHOPR, eldest daughter of the Earl (7'
HARRINGTON, to the hymeneal shrine.

I

1
