• PROVEUTY TAX.

rrtitions rigninst this Tax wrre•presented from the follow-
ins 'planer,: he inhabitants of Alaidenheati and of Abing-
don, in the county vt i• from the inhabitants of St.
Neill'', in Ilmitingdmishire; from the parklie4 of-Nutley, in
the West of Yorkshire, 'Lod of Welton, in. the
Riding of the same county; of Aldwiirth, in the same county;
of St. Jul Ws, Wapping ; Irwin the inhabitants of. I)esestifiry,
nod from the itilialtitants of llerizes, in the comity of. Wilts.
They weir severally read and ordered. to lie ou the table.
Sir C. MoittlAUNT pres'etited at l'etitiou, sinned
by many landholders and others in the county of
Warwick, against tbe•Property Tax, and alsO for
the reduction of the proposed Military notablish-
meta, and for the abolition of sinecure rinces and
Pensions.

Mr. PHHITON presented Petitions, from certain
inhabitatits of the Borough Ashburton', in the
Conn' y of DeVon, against tloi Property Tax:
A Member, whose name we could not learn, pre-
seoted another Petition from Certain iohohitants of
the Jest nit litioned Borough (AshbUrton), in ta•
voor of the Property Tax.
llrouutism remarked that •the prayer ot
this Petttiott was 'Certainly .very extraordinary,
and totally the reverse of the numerous -Pe-
titions from every part of the Kingdom.—
But it the. goad men of Ashburton-were really
desirous of paying this Tax, it would he very pro-
per to putts prrvfite and local Act for the purpose
of continuing it upon them, alone. This Petition.
reminded him of an anecdote'reeOrtied of King
James the Fiist. 'flint Monnrcili being desirous
.of raising money Without the consent of Parlia-
ment, consulted two of his Bishops upon the
subject. The Bishop of Lincoln being fir‘t asked
hi% opinion, $4lll, " Yea, God forbid that °tit
wooeyshofild not be fit the entunumit of yentt. At 4.
jegiy, who Hie tine breath of our uostrils.'? The.
opillion of the Bishop- of Norwich 'vas next re-
juired, but that prelate decline& tri give
Being, however, mock pressed, he at last said,
'Then your Majesty stay take nty brother Lin-
coln's money, because he °Gr.. it.''

CALL .Or 11017 tit.
Sir Jour Newrottr Oct: witice, that on Wed,
nesday. the 27th inst. be Would move that the
flonit be-called over, us' on that day he intended
to bring forward a Motion upon the State of
Ireland.

• •BARRACK DEPARTMENT.
Mr. Bitouduast moved that there hould belaid
before the House Cdpiel of the Correspondence
between the Treasury and the Auditors of the
Barrack Department, respecting the• arrears of
balances due to the public, •
The Cusxcat.l.o4 of. the Excnr overt was not.
11W1tle of Any ohjecaon to the produc:ion oi,these
Tapers,. but Wished. the Hot). mid I,c,tincit ticiktiP-
mers to. state the..objeetcof the trotion.'
•
Baouo ,statcd, ,t hat .ohjact "toss -to
obtain information as to time nature of the:pro-
.ccedins which hail been taken fir the reetivery
of the large sumsdoe to ,t he: public by AlEi. Da-
•vidson, Eq. and General Delancey. •
. The Co,),Ncrtioft of the EXCHAQUER 'wished,
,tor u, more specific statement) as it might bein his
power to explain any thins ounteted-witli this
matter to the satisfaction of the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman.
Mr. linouotiva Understood from the Report
t he Amino's of time Bars ack :Depa rt tuent , that. Mr%
was u defaulter' to' tint tiros.,i4ol of nearly,
100,01101.; and he also understocid, that Iti)t 'only
no part .4 014 slim had been yet
srecoverede .brit
OW even the .01111111 proceedings against CroWn'
debtors, by. issuing a writ of extent; had inn iu
the !present case- been resorted to. He therefore
.wished to know a hy the usual proceedings had
not.been adopted, or what steps'had been taken
to recover the money.
The CHANC2I.4O4 of the EXCHECIOPU said, that
the Correspondence moved for by the Hon.' and
Learned Member'would be exceedingly Solutni6.
”oos, and would. embrace a earieiy:of points. nn-
connected with.lbe,suLtject tea %vide!) information
,wits required ; he could ealily state what was tit°
situation ret affairs with respect to the persons al-
luded to by the. lion.-and Learned Gentleman.--
There was a great.,balance due-to the public br
General Delancey, tor, the recovery of which a
prOCt.B% 11,118 1/0W going 011 in Ihe,Conin of EXche.,
quer. For the payment of the largeeum due -by'
Mr. nlm Da.vidson, that Guntleman had of:
!cued to Kt-more good security, an winch account
it had not yet been -thought- expedient to issue
Writ; Of vic:tltnt. against him.
.11.01.41411.1 m• said, that 'nothing could be'
more satisfactory thanThat.seettrityrslicittlil be ob.'
tBlite4 fat the amount of Mr. Dovidsoit's debt.;'
.and lie allowed, thatit was 'sometimes much bet,'
ter to keep it writ Qf extent housing over a de-
(faller, than to issue it at once. The statetnent
of tilt: Itiiitt Y ou. Cienticinau was so satisfac.

{OTT,
ttlfill NV ;01 Ow je:tve of ftla't !mice he would,
tor ttii: ptv:i'vlit at ‘vithilr,itv''iti

Mr. Ti Rii;;seri.:il,:tLiii,7t the Right 110 n.
the 'Chtince:lni of the Exch:luer bad t tilted to
the tlose tit, the e'orottielieeloetit of. the SeNsion,
that the oatithe'r of men rt.qiiired .1.4 the Navy
dottrk the present year cv.is ;;0,1.3)0',.;i0d the soot
3.0 pkol., noire toigrit be
retiatred, the nnw, however, by the FARIS
laid before the 14064-, That insreitd of 4 .000,001,,
thoauld.tiorild'sinn.would tic 6:000,017101.
Co.i.xcvt.t..oti of, the Eii'ottratictt said, it
Was certainly true that the :nuotint'of the Supply
retiiiii.ed for the Navy would be 'eouliderablyitior.
than he had; by mistake-, starea. 11e load Iorgot;
in inaking his sititetwent to the House:, to tudko
the allowance for the Transpoit service,
• Mr. I.iliaNkY said, that this would make some.
difference iu the balancirig of the Stipjilies
the liN4s and Mea6.
The CHAWCELLOtt of tliC Excuiatnn
that the difreretices wo'nht he very trifling.

, BUONAPARTr.
Lord. C.itstcritc,tau gave notice, that on nin-
-114 next he would move, for leave t.obring in a
ltilt morefor the etteeinally securing the person a
Nap\deou 140onApaile...
Ale,Tirati;Eir asked whether it was true that the
Governor' of St. Helena was to have a salary cif
10,0001. a yeir ?
Dort! •CArrt.eriP.intt replied; that he had no.
knOwler4te at preseht on the subject. The lion.
Gentleman to whose depaitment it belonged was
Hot &Ow in the

ARMY ESTIMATES.
• .
Rlr.
•Baoonnt's brottiit tip the Report of the
Cominittee.ofSupplY.:
• Mr. Cox toirk the.oppoilititity of troobliogrbe
Ilouse With a 'few words. Ile approved of the
conduct of Ministers dining tie Ater, Mid tbonglic
that as fur as \ regarded Itscit;ernal relationi, the.
country WitS' 111 a state
.of the kreatch't
• .curity ; but internally the natioa suffered the ut-
most distress. He did not ,pretend to be ac-
quainted with the number Of sinen.rcipiiied for thas
defence oti our Colonies ; therefore thdughti,
to be al& to form any jtulgment on this subject
it was necessary to look what was the, number
required for them formerly, while we were lil to
state of pence, lir doing this -it• wouhl appear
that the present eStahlishifient was tW;ev ai hit;gft.
tts •he greatest which we had required fur that
, purpose at 'any former period during peace. , Hci
-was aware that oureolonies and foreiglastations
were DOW more numerous; but yet he coutd Hot
think that double the, number of then was now re-
tHired&E.. A-a tal thi :army at home, lir had heiirtt
do reason stated.why we should' maintain .14,000
cavalry in Great lititsin and Ireland. The eress
of this eavalrrestablishnient above that of 1792
a 5.6500, ',rid the anlll explanation of •this 'in-
crease eras, that it was required to preveht
3tlllt ~
gling, which he considered absurd. ,All that lie
wished was, that VvVITIVICIIIher would' calmly eon..
• sidcr what force it MIS neeeS6all to 111411taitt,'Iltitt
not vat e• for one Man morc.thau was ktWohttely
necessary. •
. Mr. N FM' Nt A :k1 particularly disapproved tif the
.amount of cavalry to.hc.supported under the pre..
testNif prevent stuuzgling. It hail been argue('
hy,a Right I GentlemaniMr. Rose) softie
nights ago, 1.11.1 t the-collection of eight 'minima
at revenue would be effected bv means of the ca-
valry, at au expense of only 440,0001: hut he
was convinced that it would he found to systetu
mo.t risinous 10, the morals of the courart, witt
subversive the discipline at the iroons,. who
windsl somilrecome w
kind of Guerillas. It ould
he with much reluctance that lie voted •agiiinst
Ministers on this point:, as •he was very sorry fo
find "himself obliged to tippose any or the
lures of mem to tv:,olit the.oomary 'o wed 'Vett.
• tuncb. ; to the lionsehold.troops, he Alfa-light
that too large tt number of, theta was proposed tb
be maintained:. .It, the ismatint of peiHions,' sina
tr.the surit for the Militery Collogies, he hail nia
.lobjection; butler the Local, Miliari he' saw nb
nactrit y. • . .
I"ur.ay sai&,the country was-lh such
.tnatioo us to require the utriatest ventireey. tt lee
partictilurly oft the!thinger%en-theiT'bnstiL •
frolo.,a stair:ling twiny, it was
slay that 'the preseat .establisharent :was enly re.
,q4sireil for a bliort.tiete; hveause4 the 'situation `of
4.lit.touutry Will so urgent, :that-we 'Could tint
loe,ll to lose ooe,Tittsturit, Tirocebitilig tit Intlke
41111* retrenchment's?, R -we did nig,. beforky 'flits
slit:4ll,ll4m cifiosetivo.shoold he ruined. "MVO..
fiteis,,, with ecoat;ey'iti theirmontht, canteun thit
00:eti it to support iv l'etcce Esitibrisb=.
meat of 130,000!men.. This could not be tolerat(-
eil, 'am! us it faltll6ll, representative pf• the:l)(4lde,
her fi:4tin.l.it duty -to oppose it to-the utintititof
410tVer.••,,1• • • .- • • • •;
Ait.,CG,ORTNAY admitted that those Gentlemen
opposite, whit thought the prt,sent,establisfitottic
too large, !Hid itched up to their duty in opposing'
the ',louse going into the Committee. lint for

his own part, in lin: best exercise of his prig-
ment; he did not believe that any.reductidrt
lie made consistently ,with our eeefirity.••
'not agree_..witlt :hie [lon. Ftiettd, '(Mr. Caleraftb
in his conclusions its to the reduction's which.
might be Matte in the ; g..rr.sotts of our colonies !—•
As to the force to be kept op at 'mine, great oh-
jections had been urged against ,the emplbytitetit
of cavillry in the atippresaiott ot. sningghng ; but
be believed that fer tithe~ imineintirial it had beets
ti>iu3l tit eroploy.the military in this way. 'rho
question, with respect to the colonies, mast always.
&one to this, whether.,the protection which LI,
upon thus country .with respect. to-thent,' cold(' his=
athlinately performed with ti ,smaller force
qotild. not nutlet k to go sltrostgh vtre e 2 ta3lttrtt•.i
'On ot the a ilvoint of force for melt eoltstriy serraii.o

tery, htlt, upon the whole, he liml licaritznirsa-s

tili4ctory. rein ter it reductiovi .ins airy one of/
thpnt. unfair iitteiopte wbieh hiol.been nude"
toik up the giteoupt %Ton the Esitthlitatteetiv
with.that of thelticAnie
It ‘Kes impossible .tioit any •tetitititiorc in ,the
OM,Pliit Of. force du away the neeetbity min
this Tax. .

Ali C:ox and Mr. Foi.ey exrdnired.
Sir JOHN NRWPottl" votild not potiontly
(;culleniell talk mt keeping up, tor, I IU o iycia os a
litaty systctuarid ttglayjog the opty

it was iiJended to govern that country by a mili-
.
t.; torce, be should he the last in.,n to vote a
purpose Ireland, as she was well
ter io governed, would he a source of strength or
weiAness to Great Britain—of weakness, be-
' Cartae her misgovernment might not only cut off a
Ironi the Empire, but turn it into a weapon
vet ri4t4ression. He therefore called . fora direct
4,Nantinution into the grieemices of Ireland: It
not of the present Government he. com-
tanked. but of the whole system of ati.govern-
went carried on for centuries in that country.
That was the real cause of its disturbed state, and

. ,
ii,ugratio now reaped the hitter trek of her own
injestiee. He therefore asked of Parliament, for
VI, country, its well as for the interest and ho-
arm' of the empire, to leok,iiito thet odious sys
lens of misrule which had so loug disgrecvd Bilge
Lind mid Abet ed Ireland. 1 p Indiction of six
millious were no longer to he trodden under foot,
and if the attempt were continued, fatally miehe
he felt. He had said ,thus much.,
bcCause it was the habit of the House to put otf
tt leitever'concerned Ireland to a period of the
:Sti9sion, wilco considerations of pleasure or hnsi-
' tress called its leliiiiers away. Ile wished the
Ir'lllblc Lord opposite haddestended from kik •ine,.
periai intercourse, to regerd the int eresili of Iris
owe ecioptre.
.1.1. e ought to have recommended, in
the Bpeecli from the '['prone, atr•inquiry into the
S fit( it of Ireland ; but he had not evee regarded the'
given last Session, mid entered on the
Journals of the House the Resolution to consider
the system of the two Exchequers. It seemed to
tie determined to conquer by delay. But .it was
tepossible for *lreland now to take any part of the
brittle*, upon herself, for she was in a state of
complete ruiiu Three-fourths of her population
bee,, accustomed to live by egriculture, and
rood the distresses of that branch wercremedied,
it %vauld not be twenty-five thousand, nor fifty
thousand loco, that could enforce tranquillity in
heat country. A suffering people, and 74n
ittipo-
t'erished awl beggered gentry, would be all that
would remain of behold to' Great .
Neglect was still more pernicious to- Ireland than
the enormous weight of taxation which .she,
to totieetly borne during the war. tier imp°.
verishment was ;he impoverishment oT England;
for it appeared by the returns for which he had.
Inoveit this Session, that there w'es. a: rapid
crease in the consumption of English menuface
tered articles, hitherto deemed of the first neeesje
Fitt' itt I releted. 111,11 e beggary of the people ohlii4eci
them to wear their coats rags. -.fie coneheled ,
) elaturing for his. country a constitutional -ree
medy.
Mr. c. OttANT disclaimed any wish-on tilt: 'pact
of Government to govern Ireland Ke a military 1
force and to keep down the:people olthot corn
~try. The Goeerument were convinced. of. the
truth of many:of the sentiments delivered by the.
Bon, Bart. and which had been expressed:al-few
deys since by the Secretary- for Ireland:, with .no
Ices feeling. As to What bad been said of the Army
.Estimates, there were two modes of inquiry
To whatextentc the country was able to support
~the proposed expenditure cif the Establishment,
'Hod how far that Establishment ittelt waskniices-'
sery, if it ww3 tare, as. it. had been assert edobilt
the resources of the :country- were 4.ralesot.tect, it
,no longer a -question- of -„econonly, one
of redirect! empire, for it would be new ise'to ret,elo
an empire beyorid onr-means to sustain. •But'ite
, !bought that as. the distress proceeded from tempo-,
.r-rey,eatiseri, with, them it would ceese, end thong')
lie sympathized with tlotse distresses, he 'denied
that, the resources of the country were exhausted.
trod of the American war it had also been'
loudly proclaimed, that the national means werei
exhausted,: _can _lloe. Gentleman had even "stria,-
ilk...country was used r • What thenheen.
cooduct, of Mr. Pitt ? might have been
3;41, as it was now clone,- about. toilitarydes-
lot is III; tpifl the. UleltSsUltsll colonies j • but in
,the face of .all theeki,diflieulties be proposed new,
texe,s. ,Parliament bed the, Avisdone.to :impose
Ahem, Their:beneficial restalts',Were 100 WIT. Why.
skiictt4 OPX the 311111 e syst ern. be et.precient adopted?
it was agreed on all sides that a considerable in-
..ceease the establishment* comparison with'
tjtat of 1792, wee necessary ; but why should
Abe ,be entirely hound. bg.-the 'establish-
Anent of that period 1- It was the situation of the
Xnpire, and of Bur Ope, that ought to- form the
...:lbject of their consideration. -It had never
/11e:volicy of a BritisleStatestusu ro leok with in-
,sliffertatee at the state of Europe. • It. .was .4aid
thet,-qur policy_ was too deeply entangled, with
:ifettrnpeati polities ;i but lm-wotild ask when it had
.been .less . .Was it under William ill., or under
:Queen Anne ? The question wits"trot now, why-
Abel the country should'be raised to' the highest
pitch of glOry end of power, but whether, having
.pbtained that foint, it would_be wise to abendon
it. Experience lead shown us the possibility of
*maintaining our ascendancy in Europe- without
fflqttelling the numerical strength of her armies.-ee..
iliett,took a view of the state of Europe at the
kiroe Mr. Pitt proposed the establishment of 1792,
:Never had the arts and sciences and the civil power
been more predominant•thao between -the close
of the Arneriecur \Vat and that period, There .
were not. then 800,000 'men in arias on. the
i::oritioent, and now there were .-upwertls of
1,400,000, Frence,which had elways been:the chief
object of our alarm, was then itt.such a;sititation.
that Mr. Burke said tbache looked at the map of
lnrope, and'Erance no longer existed. was at
/loch i period first Mr. .Pitt had proposed his este,'
blishment ;, but how, different was now the nature
of things ! it was asked, was this the result-of
our exertions Rttd oor sacrifiees ? Had we not :atei!,
eitipeol omeohjeeo-e-The'fact was, we had gained
tY..gryr thing, but 'we hail not vet secured it. The'
&kilt andAwi'sdotn that 1144 led to the acquirement,,
must now, be. employed to. fix the enjoyment of
theioletoing. ,cipp.spirit of Jacabinisni was o tier—
tlirownf hut ,not extinct--lee was still. stirring 1.
iu 1-.llgworld. lle'
should. now consider the eon--
ohit-etion; raised 'against the establish-
ment. If.. he Ihottghv it really calculated to
threaten the. itstegtity of, our Constitution, he',
ithottld advise rat!* -to retrench thelimits.ot the -1
Empire than to Maintain them by a system -of- so
feta a tendon :1% But- it was not true that the
itiitiO Constitution was unequal tOthedireetiOn of
•
cgrca ewpite.. Oae of 4ts MOSt'strdttng features

`.

&,

entergenciossod resources which
it developed were inexhaustible. If it were trite
that time, and the progress- of events, had fenced
the }loyal AnthOrity with stronger guards, the in-
tluence of the democracy had also been augment-
, ed. if our. dominiowstretched to all the corners
• .of the World; to every rata which a. ship could nit-
., vigate, our Constitution also exputtled itself
provide for all the necessities- of-sti mighty an
empire, The hterease.of commercial Wealth, the
extension ofiiikkt, learning, and..po itical knots-
.
ledge, the strength and frivtiont ofpUblicopiniun,
were the correctives that, sprung_with our Consti-
totton, to guard and beatitilv it. • If the army had,
been tripled, those guards 'turd also been tripled
%yitifin the;:anie lieiioti, :4114 the Constitution te-
•. 401;tilled nble to decide on its tr•Vtl.•integrity, and
he seenrity of the empire. It had .been reniark-
t ed thtit nthe'r States•had alio been free; but that
thciec:oustittitions hati.buen'tiverttirtted.by.tiative
Armies anti natiYe generals. had. toilijiened,
but kW times when a large poptilution; locked Op
',in slavery, was unable to resist the efforts-Of .
• army. But iii our country the whole weight of
ihe civil power ()pet ateti again.st the army,
subject to the supervision and coutrOul cif
Parliament. The army was conimanded by the
‘King,` but only existed by the P.srliattient. - The
influence or ltuhhd opinion' was ithotlier'safegnarcl.
agatust its attempts.' No t the officers
- •every-13titish-sohlier:earrTed. to the field,' besides
his military virtues, a co:isciOnsne'ss'of his own
rights under the constitution of his country, with
thonghts and Wishes' that belonged to the citizen
free State., • I_,l the language of a great poet,
be but ... • . , _ .

'"
Ths'icorn of death in Freedom's sacral eau‘r,

Anti freeborn thoughts that Y. Igur Freedoneilaws.'
It WAS ;his national character Which compered
on all occasions, and that had made the.3gerie Oft
iVatrtioo an interesting:, Mk Only b)
display of BritM) valour; but by the trOtniph of
the British Constitution. .Alariii• hail heett
presseil at the military spirit 'diffused through the..
nation, but wliat rod oceasioilett that military.
spirit ? tretnendons ‘car jut • closed ; the'
existence of the peat danger Which that military.
spirit hadsubdtted... Tire tlemand had created it,
anti tie once produced how was it, to be met ?
Was it thotii;;!it that ft mere
.ivord would dissolve
it, or. in the ridicule of those who bad
defended _.thc freedom of. their country. :The only
lueion. would be to-dig deep:and. wide. the foug:la-
lions of a lating peace.. ;-ie regretted the. lan!.
I.i.i.usge that hairbeen thed respettiug the military;
which e,..ert• the .foihle4yof
thoictrieti had been treated, who, whilst:oe Houve.
Wi:te.,.ittif4i in trainlaillify, lintl-tiheii their best
blood, anti iicliiercd the libel ty., of Greta . Britain
and of It %:v, hard apil iingrutet:ol
'SttplUtt4% they weitild tubs 1114,1 i St their emintry,--i,
Ilia they were proof 3011.4 such tattiltS,
might. be Said ut theip as at ittt ancient hero, that,
they W ere protected limit injury by the greatnesst
of the triumph u'llich they,litolitehieeed..
Mr. Mkt WY NNE
.Coltsciwis tut .What

. .
tithe the t4nnts alluded to. by time lion. Gentleman
had been uttered agoinst these most heroic holi-.
vicads, who had given their etmbntry eNitiiirle
of greA deols. '1 he whole time he had been in
j'atlmaineot, he did not remember one syllable
spoNen to winds them.
-N.4. C. (inANT explained, that he allode4l to the
ridicille thrown even on the foibles of that gallant
class, and insults- which they 're,
ceived from tile press;
w• -
. li NNE contended, that time ridicule of the.
•
_press was.direcie.l against the fooleries aud fo,ppe-
He s with which the ui my were disfigured, nod in,
which flit Gent 'einem) ut whom it was composed had
really no part themselves. Did the lion.. GerVielnan
think that the army asked for those fopperies, or
to healloWed to change their equipment every
month? To-Call thme the foiblesot the army was
nth. absad they were time foibles of other per-
-301)5. 'Tice lion, Oentleman bad also spoken of
11.:e didusion of political knowledge and free!
thoughts, even amoiigst stildiers ; but be doubted
omuch whetlier..a marching regiment' bad .ever 3111-
died what Were their powers under the British
Constitution.• Suplmome on Officer mad enough. to
;Minds to this anti turn all its Members
out of doors, would the private soldiers investigate
_the, merits. ut the question before they executed his
eimunimand % It was an !experiment ,heihould. not
like to see tried. He then suggested the great eon-
! venience, which might result from separating time .
I,lstitim4tes, anti Moving thew nutler their partieu-
Llar, heads. Ile obierted. to the increase which had
taken piaci:, insteati of a diumiontion, iia the-rouse-
Irold ci‘valry. Were.t hey also robe employed to pre-
rencintuggling, and to trot up amid down unsex
utter a seizure.? He thought the garrisons in the
West Indies,, and particularly in. Jamaica, were
more considerable than the occasion.rerptired.l •
Why might-not that island be defended .by a ma-
ritime force 1.-Ori otleast,- why should it not pay,.
as it formerly did, for the support cat its: own
toblisinnent i He timottglit that as Bufmnparre was
fleseribud iii the Treaties as the pt iSoner of all time
MlieSi time Powers ought to pay their share of ,
the e*pente-uf. the gun isoniug St.. Helena. Ile
by.salling upon time House to 'consider
whether the promnised security would not :be tin)
deprly pure...hosed by the proposed weight, of,tax-
a:ion, and whether it would not be morecondu-
cive
.to the criety: of time country, :to remove iit
o:mee the present ittessure. Even ,the !saving .dl
C9',;,6001. mentioned by the Noble Lord (Lord
Palau:lst t»,) eft.lie.temilt of .a reduction Of 20,000
men, would provide:the interest ut the sums to be
levied timing the present year. . •
Admiral Sir Jona 13BRESPOIID stated, as a pro-
fessional. man, that he ;would not undertake the .
defence of the:West Indies with aNtioating tome;
whichinust retireand leave thearin th mercy of
ati enemy finking- the hurricane - season. He
thought that- 1500 It flops ought to be stationed at'
ilarlindoes only, so lax was he from considering
tot number equal to the proportion of the whole
Q 1 -our Colonie.s.in that quarter.
Lord MILTON, after some general observations
upon :what had.hdlett from-the. Hon. Member
(Mr. C. ONO), referred to what the = Noble'Sc-'
ciliary at 'War had .stated .flu a fOgmer night re
speeting an, intermediate Peace - Establishment
after the
,AnivicaA War. The Sstablisimietit
imilocliittely voted atilt, lose Ofithitt- comcw its

4.

Gibraltar, and the 'Colonies. The amount liar
Great Britain was 17,433 men. In .1786,
Pitt raised that amount to 17,638, two himtlred
more than at the Signature of Peaee. He then
read from papers laid on the table in consecin.:tmce
of amotionof his, the following statements. of
the reduction which took place at the close of
every war dining the last century. In' 1711 the
army establisbineot as 201;000 meu ; fit 1714 it
was rolaced to 21,000. As carl4-a5,1713, at,tlte-
Treatipt 1/irecht, a reduction of 70,0q0
hod a Irieur), taken place. In 1743 the cstablishmtnt.
wag 40,000 men, and at the reace Of Aix-la-
Chapelle, in. 749,-Acw.s reduced to 18,000, In
1768 the e4m übliAh meta- was- 56,000 men 1764.
only 17,000, and that- was the level at AVIiiCIA iiie
GOVcruint.tut (tad kept the estald.shtnent *of t'..e
cutimry ;hiring the %vhole-perind-of penCe that fol-
lowed. Ile then coinplktified of the force ken; in
the colotiies. What the lion. Officer (Sie.r. Beres-
font) had said respecting the West Indies, applied
to albite of %car, not of peactn Ile, also contend.
ed, that instead 1)13001) men, as it was intended,
to -garrison the Mauritius, 2000 would,he
6011 ; that was the opinion of French engineers
at a time when time Island was to be' defended
against the supremacy of oar Navy. Placed in
our hands, it would not so strong a gar-
rison to render it impregnable. No apprehension
need he entertained of an increase of the poor's
rates, by disbanding the artny,-oi. if they were so
increased, it would only be laying the soldiers by
the taxes. It was the military patronage which
Was
.the grand objection to the establishment. lie
altoultl vote against the question, because ,he
thotmght it unconstitutional, and that it was im-
possible the country could 'bear the esfablish-
ment.:.

_ .
.SirJotite liiaeserian.exPlaieed.
41r. S. AVoitTLBY thought the COnStitntiO4 of
the.eouotry was of such a nature, that 'it could
adapt itself to existing circtunstanceS withont Atm-
gc...r... _He thoeglit that no •reducticin cOold-be
made which would at all affect the Property• Tax.
It must rest in a gre;;t t'eArriti' with the Grt•
remittent to say what forties were neeetsary for
filth:fiet- station,. • Ile' objected' tti" the intleas;f:
of tlie Ilonsehold troops, -itud repeated what he
had .aid no H preceding eVening.retpecting as to
what .rednetion, in, his oi;ininn,.. ou'eht ~t. t ,!;,..-
filf,icc',. and .colithided With adding,.-Ars• We under-
stood, that he Altoultc feel it his dArty to vote
argaimq
_the enestinn..
~)Jr. Wlt.ttetryorrce passe!..a..e:i.2,:a eulogiom 011
the bravery of our troops. which itaditeeo.itit en-
riiiieiilllle..hiillA,.olDivine Provirrence to deliver
/louripe from the most.ilreatifol of evils. ' not we
intist.not forget'the natore ("I man : and be was
' not ashamed to say, that be .1 I I
ill. 20 Vtelt COn•ii,
tntineal jealottSy as imptdled him to wish that the
•Stantling'Army, should btr• reduced to the ofitunst
.....
I,in'ssible':lirnits. The influence Ed -the Crown tv:rs
certainly increased, in' proportion to the athonut
of the Army. ' lie approved of . the Ordyti of
•Knightlinod,- in retracd for the valour of the Offi7
errs, and wished it had gone farther,. icitlt re-
- sped to the• 'Navy. It' kept together .1;0011
011icers, who at any time eonhl.mai .., hal die soar-
- mon men, ,r Whom there could- be ,i,) ditlicalt,F to
tend; when wanted, if dishatrded".' • "lila if te`e now
soffeved,the enormous iteereasee of - our pence re.
tablialtitiOnt, 1 beyond* what it was at the la it.
peace, it might be increased us-16110 i rui,i e at the
.next peaet, 50 that at last we -might beemne a
complete. military 'Government. lie .6.,04 not
help thinking that this country was in general too
much inclined to"go 'to war, ander; nothing tend-
ed sontuch to enconrage this feeling as a large_
Standing Army, this was a i'viedtl why lie Slionld
wish•loca,ce a small Estalilish mint.. We loorover...
come the -tremetultais power of France, and form-
ed-great allianeeslo prevent it•from' Ming reeiv.
. i.ii ; this wss another reason why filch a large
:Army ' was' unnecessary. `lle 'reprehended our
-readiness to enter intO.guarantees'forthe te,:ority
of the Continent, . contending that we •riught'to
stand aloof 7froin Cc rititietlial disputes. Ottena-
val delencewasthe best security for the country;
it prevented-the trecesity of loving so large an
stilly, and vas a defence about which there could
he no constitinional jealousy. The Hon. Gentle-
man concluded with inculcating, the necessity of
encourYsig.ing moral hablis and. the arts of peace.
Lord:VAL:a I:iui-ro:4 was gratified in
‘know ingthat
whatever the te,Oil oh the question might be the
eonntre would see that their Representatives had
come •to the disciis,imf with the determina.tioutto
inyctitigate the siihject pitifoundly. ' Ilecongra.
tolated the !lonic on the length of the discussion,
as it, h the eff6et ,it' materielly altering thempi.-
:nionsot nony GeutLinan, who at limit .thought.
the establi,liment lath. li trio large for the )feces-
• - ~. .
slry purpoks. 'l they now almost generally atl,-;
mit t ell t he ,neeessity of
the forces
2:.,900 men '
'inlreland, welllrelana, as i as the forces fot,Canada and
'other possessions. And even those who thought
that two sail of the line might tit:lent' our -West
India
,polottics, bet tcr than the number of melt pro,
posed, were. perhaps not aware that these two sail
,Of, the line would cost. the country 130,0001. a .
)'.ear, 'll-',bkll„wptitd be mute than the expense of
the trumps in the points OW which these ships would
• ..I.)e'slatitined The Noble, Lord repeated..what,bad
been said an former oetiasions„,respecting the ne-
cessity of keeping up a certain amount tit hiree iu
ell our respective foreign poss,essionS. There were '
now serving abroad no
,less than 30 regiments, all
a WWI 114(1 been out of the.entintry ;more than
)0 years, inil 9 of them 20,yerrs : the reliefsto be
tent put would It...ve only twenty-one thousand tor
home service, including cavalry ; and. deducting
seven .thousnod cavitity, and the, garrisons for
Otiernsey, and 'Ji.rsey, left a force of infantry of
no more than 'll,OOO men i.,, while it was proved,
(Null the papers laid on the table.t kis :day,
,that the
home berviee at present actually enifloyed 0,000
men. The Noble Lord went over thegeneral de.
643,410 al)SWcr all the objections that had , been
made, by proying the necessity :of the aMatkitt of
the rinerds, aritlevery tuber rfescri.p.thip of force
proposed to be maintained, The .Guards in par-
ticular,: .tvon id attrays. fr;rin
_a nucleus for jilt: orgy.
niza ion of an arniy,,when'tvanted tot any en;er,
6
flen , and they-iyere, under oterrcircurnata net,
An z exec lent. force, deserving; of eve-tg, encourage.,
nient7,A Vit jeStiged the eirenges whiekball holm
. madein the ..costnme. , of :tiji 'Life Guards, who
_
kl.obabti -4 - I'dapt, .1100,- AI; . o 0.: comfgrtplilt

cuirassiers iti cocked hats instead of helmets►
rat saving -by reducing the Household Troops
one half would .pnly be thirteen thousand pgunds.
The taunts about the intention of Ministers to
erect a military govetntnent, as thrown out bt
certain Gentlemen,. were such es he, was sure
would never have any_. weigh with the good,fie9so
of the House and the country. Before the cort•
eitotion a'etortatty could be overturned, the
people Must be brought tolt..state'of political de-
s-radirr ion or eniasettlation y,andjwheo ,AptuPla
were to lost to what they Owe thernseyes, it suss
of no consdirrence how in or how tr'w troops
were-.pla" cell-over- them. .He was sure tit2d•CITCY
pittlit4 man dust admit that we.enjoy•ed it.. this
I»tnnent n greater degree of real liberty tier sue
hail pi.ssese,t in the time of Elizabeth, or at any
other period.
sir Jt)!P.; Saaarowr thought there..:never,
Is period when a great standing army was less Be'
cessary then at :his moment., when, for the' first
time in history, France was left without one.--a
He should oppose the motion. •
Mr. hong in speech of considerable. tragth
argired egainSt the maiotenance tit so large a (ors
nut only in this country, hut in Ireland ; sullen"
dewier! the attempt, which must be abortive, 1.11 ,
imitate the military establishments of the Cafiu:
*rental Powers.' The lion. Aienroer dwelt wit!.
considerable- force upon the existing condition °I
.Ireland, which required, for its. tenet, u""1,11/
coercive measures of a military system, but t"l3'
afoop,n,pvtieli orrnment, bamkt h
might
iThrrte
rreertursei rdey ee seuvri
ts of
Genttcinan who IthßaAtlLiDtilltUsaii)l:lleriritet;,;(ol.
aloile iu
• r
that the Hfln'
opinion which he'had advanced the
14- military force in Ireland and (ICfeUdell
sonleYngt4;the statements which, had then "":i
(vli‘i.tra:fie,eceit)rt occasionubbiyecrl.iis
do tar' was the For
proposed from biiag the greatest ever Inkthlt:',1;01;
to irehuPl, the tact was, that in 1806 and i„
when the Hon. Oentleman's Friends wcre.
Ipirirrivivie,re,xtelliteisreivewlyerit
f3mo,iolibtoiareagi",rtrilayri'lltittiTt?ests.i!'
with respect' too
Yertiog a the_ murder of •11Ir. Baker, the eunvi,
!ion persons at. Clonine
of fourteen pll for desn''s.
.'c.,
;. is 4 ,:I.4iesty.'s !barracks, and ralter ir vt.
.ettrrenees, **.:spirit tit outrage ill ~,of
14f141, he eouteutiell ELIA. they itifortletl tolpliitnY
of the necessity of a.nnwerfulonilitary force. ow
Mr. Plitirrali and Colonel Vfitsabh said a be
words 00 the, State of: Ireland ; after whiehl,a
tol".es:ion, that the Report 'be read, was put,
4.•agyieti %,,itlitaut x division. et.
°":the que,stion, that it be read a 'second "'Ai
en Amendment. was. moved .hy Mr. -WYNNE' t 1,1,0110;
. ust,ead of being, eearl,
it be re-committed'
this the House divided,. When there were
Ae.rin,t the AnitaothuNitt O-
' it •
• - • • hlajtority fur Minkters .... . ..... --13.1
As the Members were about to leave thel-101;
Mr. TIERNSY asked across the •tahle,
Right thin. Gentleman had made up his trut';';„o
to,t bringe time when be would 'on the (loci"-
of the Property Tax ?
CHASICRLLOII. of the Excurioue R sstith 111134.
of
!lel:ettaeolslll:Srytiltbpativ)bliyilliciftho7rtawb voy4oillltielewolf" fiveti6i• 3u. v i otthise- 'IC73:1'11;11:i I)lfra
carried an Monday, and the report I P'}
brit% forward the Vreriaesilay
Adjourned at halt-past One (~0,,,,ek L\1011'4"
questicc:irtainly enable tai

- -
or°
Those who h*ve lived r; flier g4Y, 3/

about entering_ into
scoujugal felicify, 31' bor„

fortned, , that Doctor CO01"E tt three
genos, of long experience in 'strictures. "„iis
Debilities arising from %yarn) Climates, Je.";,,,,s
i"discrelinns, &c. hare established a •A1e'',.70,•
Board at Charlotte-house, Great Chorlotte'sicrlio::
opposite, the
.lfereretid Rowland .
pc!, 111ackfriars'llood ;„ by ,yrbont the•e—Toe
cured' without salivation or confinement. 'who
Medical Board etainas the attention of thos,o4
haveatttnipted the cure, or who. have 0"'llsios
men i gnorant ,pt...,z0 important a 'brfulel':aia'
1. pro,tession, whose improper treatwelst ~,lona
ed,titonsquds. • Winches. on the head,
body, hare eyes, throat, month, and loser '
taw), nuise in Lite ears, deafness, slim
tree's
. pains itt the head and freq,,"
miNt aiten for
,theitinru ism ; %veaktiesii
on the. shit .bout's,
sarelicd, anclail
Art :appgar years 7
too-94encrAitter the nuaimonial s tat 6*
Coitt~.tt and Co. ,r4p0,13,114ii daily. „11 °lp% •
of PC91'1(.1.0'0111 wetTe ; or. hy letterti," 4-
,closing h
a ice (for o othars are a w
nsered)'sljac
their, .11edicitte and the beitl".,:„elre
seta to all parts of the kingdom. They .e`b—gail
Piles and Vivid* without burning or citttog,;ion•
give advice gratis 011 Tuesi,L4y, Tourvisy,
day mornings, till twelve o'clock. A side
and-Priv'tte. toPais for females.--Medic=al 6ege;ol
1411, taro alien 4 with their: .Patients, are If

•
r.ur tag tcinsuitaliQn.'
,sr*
AC the ensuing Chelmsford Assizes, th"' 1 o-
nearly 80 prisoners tor trial, seven of" w,l
re
for highway robberies; and many'attiers r" -e;ty
tal oltinces.—Shocking to Mat e, neariyuv
of the prisoners. are ender 21 years of ag

COAL IstrIKKET4 tklAacts $#
SLips a 1 Niarlict.
1-sruNet'7Orrilitalitcd
L ti.lt Leal.

. . .111Alt411). . .
gate
' . Ott the 4th ipit. tat ,Finigate4 Hotel.; DubVio,,.t,atic owl-
et stilt",, to Idoty fitstvr t...tthoritte ye Bourg' 11*-°§ 0111 P '
t.lvw9y, o ttir e'tv.totarriedixitillo Got off for 'Mr. ilowg-
Lodge, at tlic Cosiitgb, on tileir way to We5tpt.,........rt

A °
013 Sunday latt, at finmertne, of a complete detal if
Mk -
thee, 4r. Eattyattl Raker, (veogiapher. I; Chg 9
0" Tliur.itty, 4.:upfurd itecturv, of a' rapid declAr6itets"
loth, V* wife of Vie tiervai agea ...,_-
4ist,enf the late Princess Amelia. u. e• Tory
ifttaY, liradlmurne, urar NiAltistund, 113 V. .-*;:rjtf rr*
den, relict of Sir .fulgii 1)0111110n Tuildcn Bart To° '
We tcary,M • • .

DIED.

COI* rs
LON-15(N Printed lag J. a. CAItSTA,III±;. No. 7P pristior,
buildirnes; and pu4lisised fly \V. A. SClti 4,;,'-orsiit,.'
at the titlE-Oretes, No. it, strand ; osskr- '--
fientiserditQ.o4tas tpotivald) &c,anust 114
