TO THE EDITOR OF THE SLIC

SIR—A hind at controversy has been lately
carried on. in the public Journals, on the expe-
diency of invading France front the South. The
taking of St. Sebastian's, and the probable fall of
Pamplona, give tlu question more importance
than before—writers Of some eminence have adopt-

ea the opposite skies---I can take but one. •it is

my full Opinion, 'that the attempt ought to be
made, but under provisions different froth those
which have been usually' contemplated. The ge-
neral argurnetit is, that the internal strength of
France is sufficient to defy attack ; that its whole
strength devoted to she cause, or obedient to
the . influence of its present Rider, and that by
consequence, 'foreign
,success, however brill ait
or rapid, or, oversilstslini'ng, must' he arrested ..at
the frontier.. If this ,were true, we might throw
away our arths and Our hopes together, for Prance,.
untouched -within, will be always dangerous and
a disturber. Bat I doubt the major, I snore than
doubt the minor, and with it the conclusion fails.
The people of Prance Cannot be attached to NA-
yoLLoN. What generates the attachment of a
nation ? ' The manlier virtues, generous valour,
personal sacrificeg to the tate, liberality, un-
Sullied honour', magnanimity, the lu,ive of a
tlistiiaguiabed ancestiy. Meaner qualities may
attract a Court, but the virtues that impress
a great people must be natural, genuine.
great. Without those there , may be fear
and reluctant obedience ; but no zeal, no reve-
rence, nothing of. that solid and enlivening at-
tachment on- which the trial of an internal war
must turn, and which,,,_ while the sovereign and
the soldier struggle in the more active hostility,
brings forward the irresiitible defence of the
people-7like the mightier Ajax, to hold tke shield
while his brother knelt behind and drew the bow.
Did who has found those in NAPOLEON? An ob-
scure parentage and despised, country sent bins
out to be the master and the oppressor of men
proverbially protul of the distinction of having
been born in France, and even, under the disci-
pline of a levelling revolution, 'not yet weaned
of theirnational prejudice for noble birth. If
Frenchmen are not incapable of reason, in what
other language can they speak of him, than as
history will speak,--as of a man unfitted equally
by circumstance and nature for his rank,--4f one
who, raised to an unparalleled elevaticin, could
nk:ver reach the art of dignity : diminishing as lie
rose,—less great as the head of a republic than as
the head
.of army,—less as a despot than as a
tribune; almost on the summit of universal do
minion, tottering rand vertiginous, till he abandoned
his bold, and plunged from it by his osvn
Of fortunes too memorable to be forgotten, and
of qualities too debasing tObe renowned. Burst-
lug out from darkness and blood, a fierce and fiery
phenomenon, deserving to be marked among the
signs of the times, he found the atmosphere of
France full of conflicting elements-4e gathered
them into his .train, enflamed them, and burned
along, drawing the eye from the loftier and calmer
lights that were still left to the world—but
estrous, lurid, earthly. 'His spirit a compound of
warring influences—adarice and ambition, the
love of popularity, the rage of unlimited power;
ferocious' but dissembling, daring but subtle--
headlong in the plan,cunbing in the execution,
violent in the useof force, but instinctively
stooping to perfidy Rash, frantic, , ungovern-
able, and pliantsmooth, artificial, brave, and a
soldier often, generous and a Hero, never !
He came into the world in the heaving of a Re-
volution, too young and too buoyant to struggle
or to sink, he suffered himself to be carried on by
the mere impulse of the waves—saw his compa•L
nions parilli one by one, from the very exhaustion
of their matnrer eirtirts left them to perish, and .
was thrown upon the shore tatmoA alone. In a
COllllllOll we altil of murderers, his morality found
no impediment. 'lts Corsica, Obscure and
cited, lie would have been the most unthinking
of aSsailins, and his light would have been 'ex-
tinguished in a dungeen=in France, elevated and,
inflamed, he found a huger field for MUrder, and I

may have found the throne only a wore circuitous

route to the same cud.

His original passion, a thirst of power,--his
original vire, a thirst of hlood,--compelled the
confidence of a Regicide Government.. They
called hint to the support of their Throne ; he
louud it falling asunder ; he shook them from it,
fir rung into their sluatered seat, find girt it with a
band of steel. dogradedipeople looked with fu-
ll i GrenCe on tbe CiVit wnr of treason and tvraily ;
perjure(l Pontiff stood ready to confirm the eon-.
queror ; the treachery was haliowed into a title
France, that had eihited the indolent }lamallity of a Monarch, loved and legi intte, with a
scai?cal 1, by a inonStrotts eontradicti9.l, VeWilVded

tlie Man of Massacre w ith a Crown. On that
throne be still sits, but he sits insecure : bis
sceptre a truncheon---war his policy..--terror leis
ITICan!. As he found his supremacy without a
basis is the aTections of his people, so he has kft
it—insulated and unstayed, the first inclina.

tion must draw it headlong ; its momentary soli-
dity must make its fall more fatal, and be-must be
1 ,crushed ,in its ruin. , There -is no resource ; he
I cannot retreat into his original liberty ; the heart
of the world is against him ; there is no place for
1011 among men, The tiger, t! ached by his own
blood, cannot escape into the. forest ; evety spring
attracts a new wound : the circle-of the hunters •is
pressing him to one point ; he can onlyretreat
into the den that he has dug.* himselGiand die
op his spoils. i
.. ~....
The rank of a;Sovereignoiithout:the temper
.of a Governor, gave him only ii:dre phtent means
, • •
of evil ; stricter slavery at hot.ine'llercer ambition
abroad. .The blaze of a crown deepened the shade
of his vices. With great talents for the creation,
ivith none for the„establishmenc of dominion, he
mistook an empire for a camp, soldiers for sub.:,
jeCts, Submissinn for allegiance:" By his condition
he was prohibited from ministering to thehappities4
of his people. A Despot, he could not be a:Legis-
lator,' His system could provide no latent heat,
. ~:
no gentle and invisible influence to. cherish, to
. ~..
soften, to vivify. All must be •upon the surface ;.
all flaming and dazzling, anti reducing its sub-
stance to ashes. The consummation must soon
come.--Where there is no honour but that of the
sword, there is no other virtue.. But military des;
•potism, dense as its -own steel, can only sparkle
and mutilate; its keenness makes it only the more
fragile. This , was his policy at home : chains
for the body, darkness for the mind. His policy
abroad, perpetual war, persecuting,
,inshlting,
ruining, till be saw, the tribute and the,crowns of
Europe at his feet; what. he began as a conquest
he continued as a game. Another NERO, with the
luxuries of empire exhaustetl; despairing -of-a-new
pleasure, and finding his last delight in the amphi-
theatre, reduced to the bloody diversions of; un-
bounded power acting • .upon a- tyrant's mind,
wrapped in his imperial purple, with his circle Of
Senators and Prefects round him, only'to be sfl-
- by the sight of thousands of unhappy
men, dragged from distant lands to exert a Mur-
derous courage for his sport,• to fight without
hostility and perish without honour : yet Nano,
all powerful upon the Rhine and the shores of the
ocean, was feeble in hiS palace, and a !jingle manly
blow revenged the. world.
This is NApoceon to the Politician; to the
Philosopher he
.exhibits the darker aspect of a
being inexorably cut off from the sympathies of
life, moving upon the earth more like a fallen '
spirit than a living -man ; powerfol, stein; en:.
grossed by one fearful purpose ; and subtle, swift,
impassive, as if condemned by a- superior will- to
his joyless and perpetual course; restlesS, and
gnawed by the " worm that never d;es,", going
from evil to evil, for .the,barren delight of. malig.
nity ; weary of
,conquest, hut unsated-with crime,
in the moMent7af triumph feeling " the hell
within him," and exiled froM forgiveness, tempt.-
lit,- betraying,' ruining, as if only to drag clown
mankind to a companionship in woe,

. The only hope of a secure peace is in the de-
struction of BuoNtaroTE. But he is not to be
destroyed by a distant war. His mortal place is
at home. Wander round the Magician's circle,
and he will still raise' demons : rush upon him,
break in upon his boundary, and his s:lence is
• gone. But it, is said, that a successful invasion of
Fr'3lice is impossible. A writer whose general
eloquence and vigour will not permit hint to be
overheated 4m this subject, asks,, with a lofty dig.-
play of historical knowledge, " How often were
her Southern provinces made the theatre of hos-
tility under CZIARLES V. ? now many Spanish
and Oerman corpses fattened the plains of rms...
venee ? Brave moo, who perished by suecessive
multitpdes !. i' yet Cum:Las had England for a
close ally ; he had Italy and &ain within till em-
pire—joint possessions which would enable. him
to direct his force against the South-eastern or
South-western frontiers Nothing in history 'more
abounds with proofs of the repulsive faculties of
the French people than the series of disasters in-.
flicted on the first potentate in the world, in his
vain though violent attacks on the weake,,t points
within their line." From those threatening inter-
rogatories we are naturally to urderstane, that
the Imperial attacks on France were numerous,
determined, and persevering, concentrating the
force of the greatest dominion In the world„ and
driven back with exhausting and ekemplary ruin.
The Writer has consulted his invention, not Ins
history,
How often were the Southern Provinces
First, by PCSCARA,
? Twice, and no more.
in 152-Ir, and his whole multitude amonuted to
18,000 men. FRANcts not relying un his beaten

troops or tis tumultuary tevies, laid waste Pro-
vence. PESC ARA laid siege to Marseilles, garrison-
pcl by a foree of nearly the number of his own,
wad unable to take it or to subsist himself, and
retired, after ravages of forty days, which spread
terror through • France. 'The close alliance with
1.1 E Nl2 Y the most capricious of Men, is in this
unbending detai; diminished' into -a compact, by
which for 100,000 ducats a month he was to send
^.tt force to invade PiCardv, while CUARLE3 at.;;
lacked Gimienuc. Ilksnv broke the compact, and
an attempt was 'dropped, which, in the opinion of
the intelligent historian; would, if activelypursued,
have put France in imminent danger. -The Second
Invasion was in 1536, when CHARLES collected
40,000 infantry and 10,000 horse, which was to,
be assisted by the troops of the Governess of the
Low Countries, and the King of the Romans, on
.the side of Picardy and Champagne.. This colla-
teral aid wAs slow, and came too late.. The Etn-
perorcrOsse'd the frontier in May, and Fumic;s,
a man of. indisputable 'courage, found, no re-
source but the dreadful one of making a desert of
the country. By an infliction scarcely less than
the worst sidering from an enemy, be wasted the
land from the Alps to Marseilles, and from the sea
'to the confines of Dauphin& In this wilderness
the Imperialists might wander and: starve—they
could not draw out the king to battle; theyeould
not force his entrenched camp or that of Moxr-
sdonEstcy, end, sifter losing half the army by a
pestilential, disease, they withdrew from a contest
where they had to fight against
.nothing but bar-
renness and solitude. And yet those petty equip-
ments• and petty failures, contrasted with their
injury and disgrace to France, are coloured into
the most monorable proofs in this way of the repul-
sive
faculties. of th 3 French people, the van and
violent .efforts of time first power of the world, and
the series of disasters which were to be held up for
the wisdom of all invasion to come. 'lbis is the
effect of writing for a purpose—the truth sacri-
ficed to theparty—sthe philosopher shamed by the
advocate.

But has not France been actually penetrated as
deeply as any great nation, until the 19th cen-
tury ? Did nut Louis XIV. see his capital in clan-
ger ? Was not the fall of Landrecy to be the si4-
nal for his putting himself at the bead of his no-
bility, that lie might, atleast, die like a king ?
Did not the Allies ravage Champagne and Lor-
raine with feeble bodies of horse, and insult up
to the gates of Versailles ?, But where MARLBO...
ROUGH triumphed and bowed the Throne of
France, with all its pride, the Duke of BRUNa..
wicx. failed. This throws its hue over all the
past and all the future ; and no invasion is to be
within human hopes, because an invasion failed,
conducted by an Officer of,doubtful fame; with a
thousand conflicting objects ; with inexperience
of the people ; with a public denunciation of
vengeance against twenty-five million of mien.
Tills .is the logic of the imagination, and yet,
with all those impediments to- sucecis,,..*
swept the 'French before him, advanced to'
within ninety miles of Paris, and retreated,
not ,through the' force of France, but the
intrigues of 'Pre.ssia. Where are the disciplined
troops now to oppose] the advance of an army ?
The new levies are hard pressed in Germany ; the
veterans are bleaching in Russia and in Spain.
But the nation will rise. FABER, the most intel-
ligent writer in France, furnished with the largest
opportunities of knowledge, and strongly preju
diced in favour of the republican spirit, distinctly
states, that in all the changes of government,
from 1793, the spirit of freedom had not power to
produce.a single national movement ; that it act-
ed but 'once, and ceased to act almost immedi-
ately. The general arming of 17,93 has been inag-
nified into a miracle; capable of being ter:iught
only by the, omnipotence of French nationality ;
hut with a cause that interests the popular Mind,
the effect is not singular. Man is fond of arms.:
They are the delight of a time when all his Tech
inns are most prompt and vivid ; our youth loves
the " pride, pomp, and preparation, that makes
ambition virtue,- Once :prepared, a spark sets
the land, in is blaze. Ireland armed in 1782. Eng-
land, in 1804; both almost to the last men. At'
this hour, every peamint in Prussia is a soldier,
Glorious and atiarii.able change ! The weapons of
the oppressor's victory have passed froni- her.
bends ; Germany is fighting against France at the
head of volunteers,; France is fighting at the head
of reluctant 'slaves ; site has taught Kings to use
the terrible strength of 'tyranny without its
will, The conseriPtion is as rigorous in Russia,.
Prussia, _and. Austria, as within the Rhine ; but,
in the.one case, thepeople embrace as deliverance
what in the other they execrate as oppression:
They both pas through the flame ; nature may
shrink in both ; but, hi the one case, it is-,tor-
tare, and the teal of their slavery ; in the Other,
an ordeal, and the purification of their. dinnottr.
They arm for the hearth and the altar, tlietr

utile. their lkiforarelt, their national rights. U"•
der what omen nitist the Frenchman mimeo his
standards % He dares not even pronounce tl.e
words that were once blazoned on them, and far
which he swore to shed his last blood. lie fin'
for.perpetual war—for the world's hatred--for ftc
conscription--for Buonaparte. Is-there no con,
.netcraxioi:;,:ilit,b:tifliytttis,tsoltinuri
sine:nbtleall,iriiiellitisi.l.il:ict
striiinlrrils,:ii.:te)siiitueielt
ivi-ostenclrl:ittfr
yet
tgi
piliins s
ieosirfoe expect rile
thargy, her reason still in repose, her nuaeinstiort
bbroorandhar:pvteik2:n,lianlgl
itiliiiagt ever floated across barite",in
of ambitioli.or revenge, or national pride, w
burning dream, following the .phantoms of crow":
and sceptres, univeraal,freetioin, and nuircrul 0,11:
sleep,. rushing
silt.liti:lsilibeuisntsigd under
tete::
fever,
%ts. ::.i,rei ttl: eloir(fi in one
1 :kr'e'i,r)3(igsi(i)tll:trili.sinl','eti gli. .t:}ll''''lt'.'.'
no calmer foot couldt' bleiase-edg:tt:)ofd,Psetrillii r''''*:ll',Tl
but still secure, and in. her dark nod. "''''
it
energy surmounting obstacles that :caned
have been fixed as a barrier against the most' pre:
pared and consummate vigour of our nature:' 1):' :
shei has been awakened at last, she has felt 14
exhaustion been
her struggles, she dreads tilelri'
turn. Fiance, asft nation"will never rise •30)11.;
But are we to be told, that if the entire usw„
will not array itself, the peasantry will the
irk',
a service which offers to every niau the dowel;
a Alarshal's staff ? But when and where trit!l
operate upon a peasantry?. If it tloes in CO''';',
why the cruelty of the conscription, needle"' lii
pugnant,
.dangerous ? Proinotion .in Englot w"!ts
now as rapid as in France. The peasairt,,l,
Tits
the bounty here from idleness or from i't2i,
tunes ; in France he submits to force, and pge'r
meats, whose artful cruelty betray the invriloi,
blacker than DRACO, are the alternatives. .0
one man in a million can enter for the h),"l,,fi
glory which he sees Only discoloured an" ''*l
of its beams through an almost ciolcss sistg."'
mis4les and dangers, wounds and inflictioot;lA,
The-glory which may dazzle and lighrearo
the more towering ranks of society a'"",,c,
stoop to the cottage while it finds the tree stoo4
lion above. Penetrating with ease the elast'Acil
nervous spirit of the educated man, it is rtlPtililtii
by the slow frigid substance of then easili
I il''
mind ; and where coarse enjoyments ` odiet
bread are the beatitudes, an abstract inglor rig
• will scarcely be sought at the hazard of ieif,j,e
for it into the grave. But France,.prol4l Is it.
biter renown, feels of necessity attached to.i to,
strinnent ;—improbable in theory,
What has site not suffered for those succesarlo,
what room has herheart, swelled with misfoii;io ~
for those thoughts of leisure and vanity ?nnwierce
taxation of 75 per cent. which she has m? f—reetifsr,
to iepair—with extortions arbitrary,, r ,st al
with the tater!•
_I
and searching her to the core, I drain 0
only the On he tj,,o
money at 24 - - '
victories, that are'
re. cent. wit a,t. b perpetua .i.
r her fra tf'
Mara /11,1!..,
hei blood, what feeling can be ie'" t`?,,rial of 01
news of
blood and new extortions Theri. 11111/ can PO
who have cause to rejoice, but .`"nce6 tares fiir
no cause. The crowned and jewelletla hteid, 040
whom all this
,pomp is spread, ii P'tillie,i tiPoter
miseries of ambition. The slaves, I,o\l 1;
may be glad and clamorous, but tir the tote
choice,
aottlitletee titti:
antt(litleliotri:llagl
tesition'
.seeneextseclit,.ilsai eitilgbp:t iygeeeriia(fiteetirbfriet`!ei 'cihtultfr:
ritY• And what nation ever
the luxuries of a temporary awl satiot'bi4o I.
From the accession of litroNsrsaTe ',IP note 'lt
mit less. than 760,000. youths, .in I,'''. ',-„ascrir
hope and usefulness, were taken by to, -I, sioce
tinn and lost. An app,iiii,g caliihttiwscriptio''
Spanish paid SOCI). roof .
that time- Franke has had an annual en:•01. ao
of 40,000 children. of fourteen for til:iimi :or'
Austrtan war, bloodily contested ; a Pilo' ,o,r; 11
fbe, brick
rtri
ii:
harm
sit
tier
r
God and'
inextinguishable ircluillittn(alrnet:
still,'. t i.i ItaliPtil ceil`fil.l(l)of the.titePl)::
et,P. ‘::111.14 i''
,w
avr,sitt,
iislivrlie!ceinchncsoiblimirsocekrdeipittliie)oe:sisi
1,1
iiitti i
ibil I:et:e.lo6,,iict)ol.sret,,,,:tttbtlel3l:o:l:t
t4struP4ef'eiliglieintniivie,ew::;ll:),:rielt,ll Mightier
4°ll'
°ll'l
of_ inexorable justice, strong to conthlii"I'00,100
tt;lice)reg.ul
At al
nlis4ii:steifl ee:tlivlsehientil'slitne:ltvi (stilstisle‘tvoirliata.nthratrie'ne (1)14s1 l'itlfl),:iig,teita.l,leli.rcilei:c(ll'tiis'cilll)(lert)(liet.
o;it''opilli,:‘y:rii'l,;ll,fi: I.
so madly ? Is site never to awake to the Jo. iV).4,.
nations that she first seduced into s'allies'o Is
crushed into slaves, never to be satlered},olliO4
fear and a wiser .repentance, to g° ".11? ',1.,
whatT
Is'sji-rga):tpi itll,7as:i's'iPcellei'le.:Crli ielitil loitci lit:Cl ile'la:ltilesii:otits°snells7l,llis°lectiftircths"'bijist°tC°(!:gdibins':::;°:terer;;li;li:rif l'''
degraded religion, her fettered 101,ge tit j:t. I
.I.ci‘l'intisec(rtillftrieuel)l,"her the
butatrtetritTelttlilligntoscso4-etif., 1
rivers into blood, and that last ita% voto_,!'rc
iritagnaal that.. has come as ;vial thc i'vita..--,,i
bt:hieilinsettsdie-bniYl.Lioinitigltieaas'bb'tgeoiltilei'ni darkertavna it.cislor, sie7i):rteil
it:.lnivireteeitOiht ine:ortYl.rfif :I I:, tr1:1 : eile:',.: rre,tee:ll:l:i.l:.
and providentiat vengeance i If Fre;';`lllcl4,l
men, they must rejoice at the hour wn' eoi,.
in upon. their Tyrant. Their nature i 5 OP
their fidelity. Bat the subject gr°l "'ll:
me. I have but touched its confiac6l.l.,,c o'.
thing exists in the state .of France to ni.;tis ell,
fearful for the conscqueuces of altattaclt s,:t 11110;
force which the I3ritish General may colic- vilto.
the liberation of :'(,:tin, But we ba",, (Pit'.
means, and why should theybe neglecteo' re f.
policy:MOST he the re-establishment of the ' ..4'.
bons. We have yet scarcely ventured 14) c°ll':;ifi'll
the only means of restoriug France to her ' - N.
-mate place in the European catiOpoolVed/firlioril,
We'havt: not the; poWer•tO occi•thloW tile cPe, 01.-:
pits and the dv,lasty that now nun? na14,4,4i
have no choice but between eternal tk%ll' ''', ~,I.vv.' •
rate slavery, Chains Or the sword is rile 114,',,0 o.le'
Pot-EN, and
,will he that of the traitor ot )
0
coed him. I see in France the water.° i coo':
mighty change.; but it is only by gr,,,'-i'ot ill!'
bpined.timeemenc- of woo 3"(1 rlic) lie Ver(irlti
'.
'change can he effecttuil for the pt;Atce oft
I oral' t.' eft tt tbe sni h'ect aga CCE
in. : • 0,1.5,
,

ARKI

t',llll

M

0.11.1.1.

---__

.~,;.;:
~~,

iflos

tnei
41as
us(
fof

Ere;
trh
the

eirc
Stve
110N1
ttli)

and
Ca ri

or i

p,

tem
bin
is
wisl
oto

?Pit
tho
trio

Jul),
the

ma
ble
CA

The rapidity with which occurrences of the. ut-
t°"st magnitade succeed each other,. and assert
their claims de die in diem to our whole attention,
has, since the rupture of the Armistice, been so
astonishing, that. but little time has been left us
taira reflection. This has been especially the
ease during the last ten days. We sit dotvnon-
de"' to Prepai•e a composed review of. those sur-
Prising incidents which at this crisis fill up the
great historical draina of Europe; but even
whili! we write, the mighty event rolls on,
the scene is changed by some new and terrible
eircamstance; we are hurried into the vortex ;
swePt. on by the resistless
.torrent ; and the.'
Powers of reasoning are swallowed 'up in the
stronger sensations offeeling,—for
ig IV" can i e wide, amazed, teiniierate,_ and furious,
" Lnyal and neutral in a moment ?--No man i"
and his snul must be of impenetrable stuff who
can repel the interest of these stupendous times,
or view the passine; won:lers without experiencing
a portion of that violent agitation which; like a
temPest, rages and affects every thing around
him. 'vt,,r,
confess that such a temperament
is hY no means allied to us nor do we ever
wish to resist the glowing impulse. When
vet country's glories demand our, recording.
Pen, we give way with delight to all that en•
thusiasm. and exultiition which 'Loyalty and Pa-
triotism inspire, when engaged in 'contemplating
the triumphs of mercy and justice, and honour
and hi‘—wLin!,-
---"Y, and truth. . From the heart-our
language am: to the heart' of 'our Readers,
therefore, we are sure it mast -force its way.
'We trust no apolog
marks7-they y is 'necessary for these re,-
are drawn from. us by a contemrti-
e charge of being too . .
CAUS. sangtune •m the Coop
E
We had scarcely time to, congratulate the pub-,
1k yesterday on the receipt of the 'intelligence
fronsAltona, w!, :ch Collimunicateti in our
and Second Editions. As the sublitance of the
lat-
tei embraces till the information yet collected on
This important subject, we subjoin it
EvurY letter from Altona ((hey are of the 14th,
Irth t 6th,
17th, and 186), is of the same tenor.
The later dates only confirm,
strengthen, and
illustrate all that the preceding
letters state.—
The "'set which brought-these MEMORABLIt TlD-
*Nati
"Me direct from Cuxhaven, and an Express
*as
• instantly. sent off from Harwich (where she,
arrived) to
Mr. CRoxitit, at the Admiralty. The
news is
deserving of every credit. The Escape of
tl
trNit Yn"‘t himself, even to Magdeburg, is doubt-
II:.All thAt
is accurately ascertained is, that
tio,t'lt""ted to save himself in that direc-
at T
Hark
he Cossacks are. at Domitz, at Zell,
the
i
persointilti_i'"' dare scarcely" trust hiS
44011 e. His-13u ar i
Guards; owt amsd cti annihilated;b yit' sr''°ltsocth.riahni
iet(cet
has ,0
fled TL
the itist,7 "eY may, we trust they
will, .end
„ ;,-HY of this desolating Scourge.
, have seen a regular series of moniteur,, to.
the 190 ,„ ,
—cl'ire The latter is utterly silent re-
thespecting
all -nutaryoperatsons,, and thus confirm
4,ews from Altona. It is merely filled with'
tieo,„.
I"4„stormi:ss procpssitins to sing 7'e Deum for the
, bresden
u
4P• Su)
as it ought to •
tat t„ -13
elitert be,- the, last Jour
of the 414 ti doubt of 'the general • accuracy
Ur, -"rts Which relate to this splendidvie-
the.f4tt Wri
of
:1"laY we first, anti alone, announced
it battle on the: tenth; in which BUoNA-
PA-111
I\4o 14 himself been signally overthrowo. On
nwly, T
'tato Le'"a)r, Wednesday, and yesterday,, we
ev-tY
co '• h • • r circumstance which
reach.,
o attn 6
vt, Lis e_
We "in Pdris, Holland, and Germany.—
.
gave
ophdou
gad ,qnt; authorities, expressed our 0wn11164 left the determination to the judg7
readers. That the fact., has beets
•as We re
IWesente - have now the firmest
reigino, e
It •
been 13 true that in form there have
e•WS•
'natty in a'
h
/l
cistencies—but the essence of the
01 pante still b.een the same. ;When:the trump
rejoice 8 tortls only tones of Victory we will
in the
c4-Ifici reveille,: and not.eXaMine with rap-
be found an:lug nnt:he trifling variations which may
stance " the
the notea."Thus in the preSent tn-
ist of town, -ry 'a still they cosmic''---every rumour
' Una glory ; and to
t
rteeive the' t
4eSsing because a few is blun-
