NORTH LANCASHIRE, Dsc. 17.

This day having been appointed by the High Sheriff of
the County Palatine of Lancaster, for proceeding to the
election of two Knight, of the Shire for the northern divi-
sion of the county, at an early hour the town began ra•
pidly to fill with the gentlemen connected with the county
resident in the vicinity of this borough, anxious to parti-
cipate in the business of the day.
Shortly after 10 o'clock the High Sheriff, G. K. Mar-
ton, Esq., and his officers, entered the County Court.
Atter the usual preliminaries were completed,
THOMAS BRIGHT CRoss, Esq., briefly propo.ed
(amidst mingled cheers and hisses, the former of which
greatly predominated) John Wilson Patten, Esq., as a fit
and proper person to represent this division of the county
in the ensuing Parliament.
JAMES PENNY MACHELL, Esq., seconded the nomi-
nation.

PEREGRINE EDWARD TOWNLEY, Esc(., in a most elo-
quent speech, in the course of which he pronounced an
energetic eulogium on the talents, abilities, and public
services of the Right Hoo. Edward Geoffry Smith Stan-
ley, put that gentleman in nomination as a candidate for
the representation of the county amidst deafening plaudits.
WILLIAM TOWNLEY, ES(I., of Townhead, seconded the

nominal ton.
JOHN WILSON PATTEN, Esq., proceeded to state the
grounds upon which he solicited the support of the elec-
tors as their representative in the ensuing Parliament.
In doing so he felt that he laboured under many great and
embarrassing difficulties; and, first, besides having to re-
fer to circumstances connected with the last election, in
connection wiih those under which the electors of that di-
visiou of the great and important county in which they
were now assembled, he bad to refer to those differences in
opinion which had existed between th, etc it body of his
fellow-electors and himself with reference to the great
measure of Parliamentary Reform—a difference which
had severed, on the last election, the connection of which
he had before so much reason to be proud, and which it
was now the object of bis highest ambition to re-esta-
blish.—(Cheers, with partial disapprobation.) The dif-
ference arose, not upon the principles of the Bill brought for.
ward by his Majesty's Ministers, but as to the extent to which
\
those principles were carried. After dwelling on this topic
for some time, and alluding to the important questions
likely to come under the consideration of the reformed
Parliament, be concluded by observing that, though he
did not brag of the abilities and eloquence possessed by his
Right Hon. Friend, vet he brought a most fervent zeal
and devotion to their service; nor would he fail to take
advantage of every opportunity of furthering the interests
of that county and of the country at large --(Loud cheers,
with partial disapprobation.)
The Right Hon. E. G. STANLEY then presented him-
self to the electors, and was received with most vehement
and enthusiastic cheers, which continued for several mi.
notes. He had the honour to appear on this occasion
before a great body of the wealth, the intelligence,,apnrdtehnet
independence of the county, and which, up to the present
time, had never bad a voice in the Legislature. However
strongly the Members of his Majesty's Government might
'I
before these elections have felt, that to make the people

attached to the institutions under which they lived would
he to give them a full share in those institutions, and that
by doing so the institutions of the country would be
strengthened,—if they had so thought before the period of
the present elections, and had applied a cure of sound and
rational legislation, they had been confirmed, as far as yet
the results of the elections had proceeded, in the course
' the Government had thought fit to adopt, and in particu-
lar in the new metropolitan boroughs, which had been the
object of much anxiety to many. The present Govern-
ment had ample cau-e to vindicate their own measure,
and to congratulate themselves and the country upon the
extension they had male of the elective franchise. The
men returned by these boroughs were not the would-be de-
mocrats anticipated by many opponents of the measure.
Its Majesty's Government had known that the great
body of the people was sound, and knowing that, they
would have been unworthy of holding the reins of Go-
vernment had they refused to extend the franchise as it
had been done, and granting to them the right of electing
representatives, and thus sharing in the Government of
their native land—(Cheers)—and having now thus extended
the franchise, he and the Government would be deceiving
the people, and contradicting all the professions that they
had made, and with which they had come forward, if they
should not be strenuous in their resistance of any attempt
to carry the extension further.--(Cheers.) The Govern-
ment had come forward with a complete measure of Re-
form, which the people had adopted as the new charter of
their liberties; it had been so extensive as to alarm many,
who. however, consented to go the length of it upon the
giistinet pledge that it was to be taken as' a find measure.
If, therefore, it should be attempted to bring forward any

measure for shortening the duration of Parliament, or a
still further extensive alteration, by a protection, as it was
fal•ely called, of the vote by ballot, he now announced
(and he spoke the sentiments of his Honourable Colleague)
that any such measure would meet with their most decided
opposition. lie, an ardent and anxious supporter of the
measure, regretted that Reform had not commenced twenty
years ago, and gradually progressed, step by step, until it
had reached its present position. Such would have been
much more consonant to his wishes, for he could not
he insensible to the dangers from the excitement to follow
any gr. at and sudden change, but the vindication of
'he Government, in moving so great a measure, had its
origin in the no movement of their predecessors in office.
—(Loud cheers.) On the ballot, he must say that be re-
gaided it as a most important deviation front the princi-
ples of the British Constitution. The representative had
a right to know of the represented who approved and who
disapproved of his political and public conduct, and how
' could he have that right by the introduction of the secrecy
of the ballot? After shot-1y dwelling upon this and other
popular topics, the Right Hon. Gentlema❑ proceeded to
repeat the determination of the Government to resist any
attempt at a further alteration or extension of the Reform
Bill. He considered that the Reform Act, and the repre-
sentation of the people as it now stood, were the machi-
nery by which much good was to be accomplished. The
machinery was complete, and it only now remained to
see how it worked : that it would work beneficially and
safely he had no doubt. He was happy to hear from his
Hon. Friend that he was ready to enter upon the consi-
deration of all abuses in Church and State, because the
admission was new to the Tory doctrine.—(Laughter.)
The Tory doctrine was, that there ought to be no inquiry,
for though the system might be bad, it might be made
worse. Now he (Mr. Stanley), o❑ the principle that
publicity was safety, was satisfied the inquiry ought to be
made. Let everything be open to the public, and trust to
the reason, the good sense, the moderation, and the intelli-
gence of the people in making any Reform that might be
found necessary.—(Cheers.) The Right Hon. Gentleman,
after touching briefly upon the subject of the abolition of
negro slavery and other topics, observed that the policy
which Ministers had adopted, after the lapse of some time,
was now about to be met with some concessions on the
part of Franco, and that while raw silk would be exported
to this country by France, that country was about to open
her markets to British yarn.—(Cheers.) After briefly
contending that the policy of the Government, with
reference to her present position with Holland and Por •
tugal, was calculated to prevent a general war in Europe,
Mr. Stanley concluded an able and eloquent speech,which
was cheered front beginning to end.
The Haute SHERIFF then declared the Ri4ht Hon. E.
G. S. Stanley and John Wilson Patten, Esq., duly elected.
Mr. WiLsoN PATTEN moved a vote of thanks to the
High Sheriff, for his impartial conduct on the present
occasion.

Mr. STANLEY had much pleasure in seconding the first
motion of his Hon. Colleague.—(Cheers and laughter.)
The HIGH SHERIFF returned thanks, and the Court
was then adjourned to Newton.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, NEWTON, DEC. B.
The nomination for the southern division of Lancashire
took place this day at Newton, one of the ancient rotten
borough, ❑ow very properly placed in schedule A. It is
situated half-way between M inchester and Liverpool, o❑
the line of the railway, and as there arc now branch rail-

ways to Wigan, Warrington, Bolton, and Leigh, there was
a large assemblage of freeholders from all these places,
brought almost with the c.lerity of lightning to this
central point. The popular candidates, Lord Molyneux
and Mr. George William Wood, had no banners, but Sir
Thomas Hesketh's party brought with them a band of
music, with half a dozen bits of dirty cloth, with inscrip-
tions that seemed to have been written before Toryism was
so much at a discount as it now is. " Church and King"
flourished on one; " The Farmer's Friend" on another ;

" May the Protestant Church stand fur ever" on another
and one scrawl of most villainous lettering, with the word:
" No Dutch War."

Mr. BLUNDELL, of Crosby hall, nominated Lord Moly
neux.

The nomination, which was enthusiastically received,
was seconded by Aitrisui HEYWOOD, Eq., a relative of
the late Member fur the county.
E. J. LLOYD, Esq., nomivated Mt. George William
Wood.

••
The nomination, which, like that of Lord Molyneux,
was received with loud cheers, was seconded by SHAN:-
SPEARE PHILIPS, Esq.
WILLIAM HULTON, Esq., of Holton, then came for-
ward amidst mingled cheers and hisses to propose Sir
Thomas Dalrymple Hesketh, Bart., as a fit and proper
person to represent that division of the county in Parlia-
ment. He referred to the recent return for the borough
' of Manchester of Mr. Mark Phillips, a partner with Mr.
George William Wood, and appealed to the meeting whe-
ther they would patronize monopolies so far as to go to
the same counting-house fur two representatives, or, as
Mr. Hu ton SAuratively observed, would they dress up

the young lady who was for the first time to make her
appearance in the assemblies at St. Stephen's, made doubt-
less more select by fashionable reforEu, and compel her to
wear gowns of the same patterns and colouis.--(Hisses,
and cries of " That's low," and the disapprobation com-
pletely drowned the voice of the speaker.) As soon as
silence was partially restored, Mr. Hulton proceeded to
pronounce a warm eulogium upon the private and public
virtues of hi 4 friend, and delivered a strong Conservative
speech, in which he stated the principles of the candidate
he had now to propose. It had been said by one of the
speakers who had preceded him that he hoped no cry
would on this occasion be raised against the best interests
of the Church and State, and those best interests included
the throne of this realm, which he was sure his friend, Sir
Thomas Hesketh, would never insult, will less would he
insult a lady in the highest station in the land, and who
is most eminent for her virtues.

Lord 111or.vriEux (to whom it was understood Mr.
Holton alludeti) came forward, evidently under strong feel-
ings of excitement. In the most impassioned manner, his
Lordship said—" I call God to witness that in my life I
never said one single word, nor did ever a word-of disre-
spect escape my mouth, with regard to her Majesty the
Queen."—(Loud cheers.) His Lordship apologized for the
warmth of expression into which he had been led, and
withdrew amid loud cheers. . _

Mr. HULTON, amidst great uproar, resumed, and was
assailed with hisses from all sides. He said that as the
meeting bad heard the solemn disclaimer of the Noble
L ,rd, with all his heart and soul he begged to offer his
Lordship his most sincere apology.—(Groans.) He,
however, would produce to the Noble Lord tue authority
on which he had made the statement—namely, a report
of a meeting at Liverpool in a newspaFer. He had it not
now with him.—(Great uproar, and cries of " Produce
your proof ;" " Peterloo.")
A person in the crowd—ls the report of the
.speech of
Lord Molyneux as correct as the account of the 16th of
August, 1819, in Manchester?
Air;
HULTONtbta (with great warmth)—I shall give oneanswere to question--the Bristol conflagration.—(lm-
rnense uproar, in the course of which
in Mr. Hulton for-
mally put Sir Thomas Hesketh nomination.)
The Hints Simla*" and several other gentlemen, by
eNetlliatn Wood, he that with all
d
dint of great exertion, succeeded in obtaining silence,
when
deference
cHeutLortohNe
feelingsadde of
dtohi‘isirf.orGneleLgse V
speech,
(Mr. Hutton), as a member of the Established Church,
could not give his vote to any person who denied the
Godhead of hie Saviour.—(Mr. Wood, we understand, is
a Dissenter. The uproar which here ensued was itn-
mense and astounding, and continued for several minutes.)
Colonel TIT.MrEbr, in a regular Conservative speech, se-

vended the nomination of Sir; Thomas Hesketb, amidst '
continued uproar.
The candidates then addressed the electors in the order
in which they had been proposed.
Lord MOLYNEUX with great force rebutted the charge
brought against him without any proof by Mr. Holton,
and, with reference to the newspaper, he, on the subject
having before been raised, transmitted a copy of it con-
taining the speech in question to Earl Grey. The Noble
Lord proceeded to a recapitulvion of his political senti-
ments, which are strictly liberal, and was loudly greeted.
Mr. G. W. WOOD followed, and answered with great
force the objections with reference to his commercial pur-
suits raised by Mr. Hutton. He admitted that he was a
Dissenter, but he had long since been led to believe that
with the passing. of the Catholic Emancipation Bill all
disqualifications from religious tenets had ceased to exist.
Such had been the terms held out by one distinguished
Statesman, whom Mr. Hutton had once delighted to ho-
nour, and to whose immortal memory he (Mr. Wood) lead
heard that Mr. Hutton had planted a limb of British
oak 5.
—(lmmense cheering.) He meant Sir Robert
Peel, who had said that henceforward all disqualification
on the ground of religious opinions must be laid aside.—
(Loud cheers.) Mr. Wood declared himself a supporter
01 the policy of Eirl Grey's Administration, and concluded
an able and eloquent address amidst the general plaudits of
the numerous mewing he addressed.
Sir T. HESKETH next briefly addressed the meeting.
His declaration of political sentiments was but an echo of
those contained in the speech of his proposer, Mr. Holton.
The HIGH SHERIFF then took a show of hands, which
almost universally were held up when the names of Lord
Mialyneux and Mr. Wood were severally submitted to the
mnting, while for Sir T. Hesketh not more than 60 were

11,1 d up. The High ShEriff declared the show of hinds to
be in favour of Loyd Molyneux and Mr. Wood, when a
poll was demanded by Co►onel Tempest on behalf of the
other candidate. _ _ _

The HIGH SHERIFF then announced that the pot
would commence at nine o'clock on Friday morning next,
Thanks were then voted to the High Sheriff, who re•
turned thanks, and declared the meeting dissolved.
It is said confidently that the Conservativis will be sig•
nelly defeated.

* This is a fact ; the scion was destroyed, it is said, by Mr.
[ulton on the passing of the Catholic Relief Bill.

LANCASHIRE.

COUNTY ELECTION FOR THE SOUTHERN DIVISION.

The election for this important division of the county,
commenced thin morning at Newton. At an early horn•
in the morning, large bodies of freeholders arrived by the
railway from Liverpool, Manchester, Bolton, Wigan,
Warrington, &c. Trains of carriages, from the above
place, were expressly engaged tor the conveyance of free-
holders to the nomination. These were almost solely en-
gaged in the transit of liberal sentiments, and decorated
with the colours of the respective candidates.
At half-past ten the High Sheriff appeared ; and, after
wading through a tedious mass of preliminaries, nothing
particular transpired in the nominations of Lord Molyneux
and Mr. Wood (the liberal candidates), till the nomina-
tion of Sir T. D. Hesketh, the true " Conservative," by
Mr. Hutton, of Peterloo notoriety. This gentleman's
task was scarcely commenced, when a scene of extraordi-
nary excitement took place, from the circumstance of Mr.
Hulton alluding, in a very personal manner, to a ground-
less accusation against Lord Molyneux, for using some un-
becoming language at a meeting at Liverpool (of which
his Lordship was the Chairman) towards her Majesty,
for a supposed undue influence over his Majesty in the late
temporary resignation of Earl Grey's Ministry. His
Lordship, on the instant utterance of this accusation,
rushed to the front of the hustings, and denied so foul a
calumny in the most emphatic language. The unanimous
execration of the assembly, seemed to exact a speedy re-
tribution ; and Mr. Hulton, with apparent reluctance,
apologised with great contrition. Seared as this factious
" Conservative's" political character is, he s,eme.l to for-
tify it, and the cause he advocated, by barefaced effrontery.
Scarcely had the apology made to Lord Molyneux enc.ped
his lips, than he hurled another foul calumny at Mr.
Wood's religious belief, from the circumstance of his being
a Unitarian. No opportunity was now given him to
make amends for his second act of injustice and attempt
at injuring private worth ; for hissing, yells, and groins,
consigned him to the remotest oblivion of the hustings.
Lord Molyneux's and Mr. Wood's speeches contained the
most liberal sentiments, and also declared them the sup-
porters of his Majesty's present Ministry. The retort of
the latter were extremely happy on Mr. Hutton, in allu-
sion to sectarian views forming a tangible ground for ex-
clusion from Parliament. The repeal of the Test and
Corporation Acts, through the instrumentality of the
former friend of Mr. Hulton, Sir Robert Peel, should

have prevented the agitation of such superfluous cavil.
The outrageous declarations of the Conservative can-
didate, Sir T. D. Hesketh, in supporting the true inte•
rests, in Parliament, of the mottos on the banners oppo-
site him, were scarcely sufferable. " Church and King,"
" Church and Consitution," " No Dutch War," " Dawn
with the Rump," " Agriculture has an Honest Price,"
&c., &c., formed a few of the formidable number. The
nominations and speeches of the candidates being termina-
ted, a show of hands determined the election to have fallen
on the two Liberals, by a majority- of six to one. A poll
was then demanded by Colonel Tempest, on the part of
Sir T. D. Hesketh, which will commence on Friday, and
terminate on Saturday; and the final result will be de-
clared by the High Sheriff, at Newton, on Monday. The
opposition is understood to have arisen, principally, from
the West Indian interests in Liverpool, which was soon
joined by a few of the Lancashire aristocracy of the Pitt
school.
The issue seems scarcely to admit of a doubt but it will
be in favour of liberal opinions. The Derby and Blun-
dale interests preponderate on this side, as also that of Mr.
Standish, of Standish, the ever active and zealous friend
of reform. Add to these, amongst other landed inte-
rests, that of the large manufacturing towns of this divi-
sion, and Molyneux and Wood are certain of success.
