ROYAL NAVY, &c.

PoRTSMOUTH, JnatE 18.—Yesterday his Majesty's brig of
war 10, Captain Rawdon M•Lean, arrived from
the the Carnation,N\'estltitli
India station (direct from Jamaica), where she had
been employed tour years, to be paid oft: She sailed from
Port Royal on the Ist of May. The squadron were generally
healthy, although the periodical sickness had been protract-
ed to an unsttally late period this year.- The Planters at
Jamaica were much gratified with the reduction of duties and
other Parliamentary measures adopted, affecting their pro-
perty. The Island was notch distressed from want of rain.
The last accounts from Havanna!' were of April 10, when all
was perfectly quiet. The boats of the Dartmouth, under
Lieutenant Henry Warde, assisted by the boats of the United
States galliot Seagull, had captured the piratical schooner El
Socoro, of six guns, small arms, and 33 men. The schooner
was moored in a narrow creek, close to the shore, but being re,
solutely attacked, she surrendered, after a loss of nine killed
and five wounded, 19 of the crew being made prisoners. had a
considerable quantity of plunder on board, consisting of furniture
and provisions, which, with other goods found on shore conceal-
ed under the bushes, bore the appearance of American property.
'The boats of the Dartmouth alone captured a large piratical
launch, mounting one four-pounder swivel, a musketoon, and
small arms. The (crew consisting of 12 or It men) made their
escape. in the attack upon the schooner, one marine was killed.
The ships on the \Vest India station had been thus ordered, on
the sailing of the Carnation. The Hussar, Captain George
Harris, C.B. to take the command of the squadron at Barbadoes.
which command had been extended to Pernambuco and Maran-
ham, on the coast of Brazil: the Eden, Primrose, Itingdove,
and Britomart, to compose the squadron ; the Bellette being
ordered to Jamaica, and the Scout to proceed to England. The
Lively, Capt. W. Elliott, C.B. which ship arrived from Lisbon
on the 19th April, was to relieve the Isis, and cruise in search
of pirates in the Bay of Honda, in company with the Valorous
and Unitin schooner. The Rattlesnake was to take a convoy
to Santa Martha and Carthagena ; the Scylla (having been re-
paired of the damage she received by getting on shore offSavan-
nett La Ma;), was to sail with the April Mail for Vera Cruz.
The Helietio. w:ts at Carthagena on the 20th of April, wait--
ing to convey the ratification of their independence to England,
and may be daily expected; the Icarus had gone to the Bay
of Honduras, with a convoy ; the Renegade, with the March
Mail, to Vera Cruz; the Thracian was at Curacort ; the Serapis
(about to he broke up), Lively, Hussar, Rattlesnake, Scylla,
Britomart, and Lion schooner, were left fitting at Port Royal.
The Itedpole packet arrived there on the 23 th April, sailed on
the 28th for Cariliagena, and was to leave Port Royal on 17th
May, with the return Mail for England. Captain Henry Dun-
das had taken the command of the Dartmouth, time Hon. Capt.
Maude appointed to the Glasgow. Lieut. Chas. Elliott, of the
Hussar, had been appointed to command the Renegade pro
Import (Lieut. Bennett being ill) ; Lieut. Fitzgerald, to the
Rattlesnake, vice R ussell Elliott ; Mr. Poulton Willi:tills, of the
Hussar, to act as Lieutenant in that ship. The Rev. John Ro-
binson, Chaplain of the Lively; Lieut. Russell Elliott, of the
Rattlesnake; Mr. H. Tucker, late Purser, anti Mr. W. Fur-
row, Master of .the Britomart, came home in the Carnation.—
The Carnation elided this afternoon for Plymouth, to be
paid off.
The Brazen, one of the old largest class of shams of war,
the Pandora, converted frian a brig to it sloop, and the Har-
lequin, one of the largest class brigs, returned from a fortnight's
ex prrimcntal cruise this morning, being to ascertain their re-
spective sailing qualities ; the Pandora proved the best sailer on
all points.
The Pyramus, Captain F. Newcombe, C. B. was paid off
- yesterday, after which the Officers gave a dinner at the George
Inn, to their highly-respected Captain, as a mark of esteem for
his kind attention while serving four years in the West Indies.
The Pyramus was recommissioned this morning by Captain
R. Gambier for Channel service.

Capt. J. C. White of the Royal Charlotte yacht, is ap-
pointed to command the ships in the Medway, with the rank
of Commodore. Lieut. Herbert is appointed to the Albion
Mr. J. Dallaway, to be Surgeon of the Ordinary at Plymouth.
Sir Godtrey Webster, Bart. arrived here this evening, in his
fine new cutter yacht, the Scorpion, to join in the acquatic ex-
cursions of the season. _ _

- -
PLYltotmt, .lux E 16.—Arrived the Camelion, Captain
Lambert, from a cruise.—Sailed the 31i1ford, 71, fitted as a
LaZArettti, to lie at 31ilibrd (towed by the Meteor steam-ves-
sel a Bittern, Lieut. Dwyer, for Liverpool, to bring seamen ;
Hornet, for Cork ; Goldfinch packet, for Falmouth.—Lieu-
tenant Cawley, late of the Grecian, after twenty years arduous
service al a Lieut;nant, has obtained the rank of Commander.
Remain—Briteunia, Genoa, Windsor Castle, Camelion, and
Hope.

NAVAL FETE IN THE TAGUS.
A letter from an Officer belonging to his Majesty's ships in
the Tagus, dated tti'2s:ll ult., gives a description of the splen-
did entertainment given on board his Majesty's ship Wellesley,
Captain Graham Eden ;I amond, C. 8., to the King and Royal
Family of Portugal, previous to the departure of that ship with
Sir Charles Stuart for the Brazils. The following is an extract :

"The King of Portugal having expressed a desire to visit
his Majesty's ship Wellesley, preparations were made for his
receptioneand on the lath of May, all the arrangements were
completed, and the fete was given. The ship was covered
in from her stern to her foremast with sails extended over booms
lined with the flags of all nations, and numerous superb cut-
glass chandeliers were suspended froM the roof of this marine
tent. The poop was more particularly fitted up for the Royal
guest; in the fore part a throne was erected, covered with
crimson velvet, with chairs in front ; benches were also erected
round the sides of the poop, and stands covered with flower-pots
containing the choicest flowers. The quarter-deck. displayed
a double line of seats on each side, covered with crimson
velvet, for the accommodation of the company, behind which a
range of flower-pots were placed, screened with paper, to hide
them from the view, intermingled with festoons of arange-
leavest and smaller chandeliers. The orchestra was erected
round the main-mast, also covered with crimson velvet, and
filled with musicians frern the shore. Between the main and
foremast two tables were arranged, on each side of the booms,
capable of accommodating 60 or 100 persons ; and on the sides
along the gangways, narrow nide-tables appeared, over which
were suspended festoons of orange branches intermingled with
glass chandeliers. The whole had an elegant and beautiful effect,
and completely took away the idea of being on board ship. Card
and supper tables were also laid out in the gun-room and outside
on the lower deck, taking in all that part of the ship occupied by
the marines. The starboard side of the main-deck was set apart
for preparing tea, ices, and other refreshments. At five o'clock
the supper tables were laid but : nearly 100 attendants came off
from the shore, among whom were 14 in Sir C. Stuart's livery.
All the Officers of the ship were in full dress. Abotit six o'clock
the company began to r.ssemble, from 300 to 400 having re-
ceived cards of invitation. The King and Princesses arrived
about seven o'clock, in a Royal state barge, rowed by 50 oars,
treble banked, consequently the crew consisted of 150 men._
Yards were manned, and three cheers given, and the Ocean and
Superb, and the Portuguese men of war,. fired a salute. On the
Royal party reaching thequarter-deck they were received by the
marines with presented arms. Before his Majesty arrived, the
chandeliers (which contained wax candle) were lighted, which
gave full effect to the brilliancy of the scene, and displayed the
mingled costume and splendid dresses of the company to the
greatest advantage. Soon after the King came oil board, the
officers of the ship were introduced to finn, in the Captain's
cabin ; which ceremony over, the King and Princesses took
their station the poop, where numerous presentations and con-
gratulations took place—the company ascending from the
quarter-deck to. offer their respects. Dancing also immedi-
ately commenced, and erns kept up till ten o'clock, when the
King and Princesses retired to supper in the captain's cabin.
A superb service of gold- and silver plate of English manu-
facture ornamented_ the table, and they were attended by the
Admiral ( Lord Aurelius Beauclerk), Sir Charles Stuart, and
the Captein of the Wellesley. When the Royal party had
finished supper, the company, consisting of a number of the
Portuguese Nobility, Sir 'Wm. A'Court and lady, Sir Charles
Stuart and suite, officers of the Army and Navy and their
ladies, all the English families of distinction residing at Lisbon,
the officers of his Majesty's ships Ocean, Superb, etc., and
of the Marine Battalion, &c. sat down at the different
tables which had been prepared for them. The supper,
which consisted of every delicacy, was cold, with the excep-
tion of soup ; a profusion of sweetmeats, fruits, &c., every-
where met the eye. Dancing (principally quadrilles) re-com-
menced after supper. About half-past one o'clock the King
retired, under the same honours and salutes that marked his
arrival. At three o'clock all the company had left the ship.
The King and Princesses appeared much gratified with their
entertainment, which was universally allowed to be one of the
most splendid of the kind ever yet given on board ship, neither
trouble nor expence having been spared to render it as elegant
and magnificent as possible."—(ilarapshire Tclepraph.)

BATTLE OF WATFAlLoo.—Saturday being the
Anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo, the Duke of ‘VEL,
Lirto:rox gave a grand dinner to about fifty of the General
and Field Officers who fought with him irr that ever-memorable
Conflict. The services of plate and china with which his Grace
has been presented by Foreign Sovereigns were used on the oc-
casion. Two military bands of music were stationed in the
grounds in the rear of the house, and played during the whole
of the entertainment.—The day was also celebrated by the
Honourable Corps of Gentlemen Pensioners, at the Freemasons'
Tavern, where a sumptuous entertainment wmprovided on the
occasion. .

TH E SUN.

SOLEJI QUIS DICERE FALS(IM UDE-I 1T .

LONDON .
2110ND.11' EVENING, JUNE 20, 1825.

The only extracts that the French Papers of
Friday furnish us relate to the fete of the Duke
otifieNr ocaoTlunmustzfAtisAlvino,rialititidg will be found in ano-
ther
Correspondents in Paris stillP aptleiirnkaY:t'
their while to speak of the Sucre, and to as-
sure us that it called forth as little popular
enthusiasm as we had first mentioned. One
of them, however, alludes to a circumstance which
has not yet appeared, either in the French or the
English Journals—namely, an attempt to degrade,
or an omission to honour, the Deputation of the
Lower Chamber. After the religious part of the
ceremony had been completed, and the King had
ascended the throne, it was remarked that he was
surrounded with Cardinals and Bishops, mixed
with the Grand Deputation of the Upper Cham-
ber, but that no representatives of the Lower ap-
peared. In looking to the place of the Deputies
at this time, a great agitation was observable, se-
veral of the Members apparently urging the Pt►e-
st
ov.:scr to assume his proper station,w hick he seem-
ed as pilling to decline. It is said that several of
these members are extremely displeased with this
appearance of neglect ; and that the nomination
of their President, M. ltAvaz, to the order of
St: Esprit, has not tended to reconcile them to
the suspected insult.

h e Dutch and German Papers, from which
the subjoined extracts are taken, have also

arrived :

( From the Oriental S pectat or . )
been lately seen near the islands Itlisconissi.
" SMYRNA, APRIL 29.—Twenty-eight Greek vessels have
An Austrian galliot, bound from Smyrna to Stanch°, Was
met by a Greek vessel, which plundered it of every thing on
board. There are many similar complaints. Another Greek
vessel, in contempt of the French flag, took out of a vessel in
the roads of Beirout, in Syria, commanded by Captain Cely, a
quantity of silver which was on board, declaring it to be
Turkish property, notwithstanding the remonstrances or the
French Vice-Consul.
Letters front Scio of the 18th April say—" The Rumeliot
regiment of Omer Pacha has lately had a violent affray with
the suite of the Aga of the Janissaries, in whl..th there were
11 men killed and 20 wounded of the two parties. Omer has
received orders to quit the island."
The Greek ilistics continue to infest the seas. They very
lately plundered a French boat.
'ohs "pricy of our island

continues to revive. The Catholics, who. as long as the
Vice-Consulate of France existed, enjoyed a constant and
efficacious protection, do not dispair of seeing it re-esta-
blished, as it was useful in many respects, independently
of its services to commerce.
The Turkish ships' of war which were at Mitylene, and
had reached the transports laden with ammunition, &e. have
Left the island in consequence of recent orders, and are gone to
the Dardanelles to the vessels already there waiting for the
remainder of the Ottoman squadron."
SWITZERLAND, JUNE 7.—The Cantons of Ure, Under-
wald, Appurzel, ( Rhodes interior) and T€ssino, ive agreed
to a military capitulation with the Court of Naples on the same
terms as Lucerne : Tessino negociates for the supply of a
whole battalion. The Diet of the Valais has adjourned the dis-
cussion of the proposal to supply three companies.
BERLIN, JUNE 3.—lt seems that the plan of establishing a
national bank is at length adopted, but with important mothfications.—(Frankfort Papers, June 10.)

New South Wales Papers have been received
at the New England Coffee-house to the 4th of
February. The following are extracts :

( Front the Australian Sydney of Feb. 3. )
By an extract from the correspondence of a French Gentle-
man with a merchant of Sydney, we learn that -the French
frigate La Thetis, and the corvette UEsperance, are cruising
in the South Sea, and may very shortly be expected to arrive at
Port Jackson. The frigate is commanded by 31. Bougainville,
'a relation of the celebrated Navigator of that name.
We are requested to announce, that John Wylde, Esq.
Judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court, and late Judge Advocate
of the Colony, will embark for England on board the ship
Mangles on Tuesday the Bth inst.
There is a report prevalent, that a ship bound for New South
Wales had struck in St. Paul's Island.

Oa Saturday arrived the s'iip Grenada, in 112 'dap from
Gravesend ; the Grenada brings out 81 female convicts, with
15 of the children and 21 cabin passengers, all in gcoi health.
On the 14th December, in long. 15 E.. spoke the Admits/
Cockburn ; sailed from Falmouth on the 16th September.-
llonanT TowN NEWS.—By the brig Amity, we-have re-
ceived a series of Hobart Town Gazettes, up to the 7th instant
inclusive, and private letters of the 10th. There were no arrivals
from England. There had been 24 hours' heavy rain, which
was something new. The harvest has already commenced in
several places.
SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY NIGHT.—We have just room to
announce, that Capt. Howell and Mr. Hume have returned from
their excursion to the Southward. It appears that they pene-
trated as far as Western Port Bass's Straits, where they disco-
vered a river of considerable magnitude. They represent that
country, from lat. 36. to Western Port, to be remarkably rich,
and much superior to the country of Argyleshire and Bathurst,
being for the most part open forest . iuntry.
From a New South Wales Paper of Dec. 23.)
On Thursday arrived his Majesty's ship slavery. She sae,"
from Trincomalee the 28th Oct. She brings intelligence of be
death ofeommodore Grant. No letter,.

The operative classes may now qu'et their
fears as to the intention of Parliament with re-
gard to their meetings and combinations. The
labours of the Common's ComMittee on the-sub-
ject have terminated, and the issue is a. Bill con-
taining the provisions we shall shortly um:up.
The first clause of the Act provides for the re-
peal of the existing law, 5 G Lo.4th, c. 95.; but at
the same time, by express terms, declares the
Acts repealed by that Act, and the two imme-
diately preceding chapters, arc not to be 'consi-
dered revived, but to " be and remain repealed,
except so far as they repeal any former enact-
ment." The second clause imposes the punish-
ment of imprisonment, or imprisonment with
hard labour for months for the following
offences :

Ist. For forcing, or endeavouring to farce, any p 'roan to
depart from his hiring, employment or work, by violence a
his person or property, or by threats or intimidation.
2nd. For forcing, or endeavouring to force, any person t) re-
turn his work before the same is finished by tl-e same means.
3rd. For preventing, or endeavouring to prevent, by the
same means, any person not hired or employed, from hiring
himself to or accepting employment from any other person.
Ch. For using any such violence, threats, or intimidation,
for the purpose of forciog or inducing such person to belong us
any club or association ; to contribute to any common fund ;
sod
r orderst contribute,
inade to
to pay any fine for not belonging or not having confributed to
or to
payny particular n
ob.
tam an advance of wages, or to lessen the hours of work, or to
r
decrease the quantity of work, or to regulate the mode of carry-
ing on any manufacture or trade, or the management thereof.
sth. For forcing, or endeavouring to force, by sueh,violence,
threats, or intimidation, any manufacturer or any person carrj;
ing on any trade or business ; to make any alteration is
to meet
mode of regulating, managing, conducting, or carrying 00:
number s
manufacture ; or to limit the number of his apprentices,
or workmen.
i‘
enter into agreements for settling the races ias o
trer description ip
e tiiTyi oefi hisa u journeymen
3 permitted
wage s that shall be paid by persons present at
such Meetillg9, or being parties to such agree..
unents to their workmen, and the workmen are
allowed by clause 4 the same privileges, with the
addition of settling the hours of sr ork. Offenders
can be compelled to giie evidence againSt each
other ; the witness in such case being indem-
nified for any confessions he may .males
inculpatory of himself. Then • follows. 1,"
clause giving summary jurisdiction to bid.
gistrates for the foregoing offences. It is pro-
per, however, to remark, that the first clause
enumerates atilength all the acts that were re-
pealed by the act of last Session, and which ore
not to he revived by this Bill, but has omitted t°
mention the old Common Law, which vol
abrogated by the sth Geo. IV. c. 95. It wool'
therefore appear, that the Common Law is
to be revived -and again brought into opera"
tion. The operative classes cannot with an,
justice complain of the provisions of this act/
which leaves therr. thus at liberty to agree amottg
themselves as to the amount of wages and the
hours of work. The protection this second sec-
tion gives to those who decline joining if; ntlf
confederation for these purposes is just, and cis'
cumstances have lately shown it to be absoluleit
necessary for the safety of themselves aud,PrQ;
perty. The illegal and highly criminal acts thlt
have been perpetrated under the sanction of the
committees who direct the affairs of the (Vile'
rent clubs in the kingom, are at once disgraceful tci
themselves, and subversive of all law stud
good order. Such acts could not be permitted
in any well governed State, and we trust alit/
seeing the consequence of them, anti
present Bill to them, the journeymenetii tracingttiro
ugh°C7''
will feel the necessity of conducting
peaceably and quietly in all ti°43:
mischievous or
t ncsoli
Itvireser tecloouilitsiftite)ciste:s
t‘ivooeirpataitiritittitelilaka
itwityabet:pl
the country
themselvesntry
coming. It remains now to be proved whether
obeuth.titutstaicveertyo
this Bill will be sufficiently powerful to presesi
deal
sent exist ; subvert them, either
thegw hllo; zlee,d ita 1d
cannot.x
Pre
sent Bill, nutwithstanding it emanates from a C°ll4;
mittee who have heard evidence and considered t",,
is
ttibi jsetcot iittheellicoile)enrtactilvieeckcioasi:i:
these combinations, and thus prove how clan° 0
at the same time that the essential interests °
their masters, antihigher coil"
the and important
siderations of the State, are not compromised.

The English Opera House opens for the I.A'
sou on the 3Qtli lusting.
