BIDDERIJ

" There are very few hired servants, but a good, many slaves,
" by whom.,on the farms of the Brahman's, all the ploughing
" is perfarmed.”.--(Vol. 3. p.

The contrast between slavery in the East and
West Indies, as above described, is very strik-
ing, and calls for some observations.—ln the
East, slaves are let out to task-masters, who feed
andwork them in-consideration of an annual hire
paid 'to their owners ; and therefore the persons
who exact the labour, and furnish the subsist-
ence of the slaves, are directly interested to
crease the former and diminish the latter as much
as possible. Such a tenure, as Doctor BuCuaNaar
justly and feelingly observes, is utterly abomi-
nable ; nor can it be wondered at that their di-
minutive stature and squalid appearance should,
as he asserts, indicate severe treatment and want
of adequate nourishment. There is indeed, as
the Doctor exclaims, no comparison between their
condition and that of the slaves in the West
; where their master is their employer, and
interest as well as humanity prompts him to
treat them well. In the West Indies, all the
slaves, who are not employed in the house of their
master as domestics,. have houses of their own,
with gardens and every domestic comfort around
them : but, in the East, they are obliged to herd
with he cattle, these poor creatures being consi-
dered as too impure to be permitted to approach
the house of their Lord ! How ill does this official
account agree with the declaration, " that their
" services are so light and their state so happy,
" that they absolutely appear as members of the
" family in which they live, not like slaves i"—
The allowance of provisions given to slaves in
the West Indies who'are past labour, is uniform-
ly the same as to those who are in the prime of
life. This regulation is not only custom hut law;
and would be enforced, if necessary, against the
master ; but in the East Indies, Dr. BUCHANAN
asserts, old people are reduced to half allowance.
As in India, Dr. BUCHANAN tells us. they fre-
quently flog the freemen who are hired' labourers,
it cannot reasonably- be expected that they should
exercise greater forbearance towards slaves.—
The condition of these freemen is truly pitiable;
for they are described as working from morning
till noon, when they are allowed an hour for
breakfast; they then work, till evening, and then
one would naturally suppose they were per-
mitted to retire to rest ; but not so, gentle rea-
der, " all night they watch the crop." So that
their toil is unreriitted by night and by day, ex-
cepting the hour allowed for their meal, and
the intervals employed in the necessary flagel-
lations to keep them up to this inexorable duty.
The East Indians, must certainly,be acquitted of
trading to the coast of Africa for slaves; for they
have found out a much more easy and economical
mode of supply, by. enslaving a whole nation
without going from home, as in the instance of
the Corar, who were once masters of Tu-
lava, but whom the Doctor found are now all
slaves, and have lost every tradition of their for-
mer power. These quotations amply prove, that
if moral considerations are, to be taken into the
estimate, or to be set up as grounds for claim to
public favour, the pretensions of the' East India
planters stand no higher than those of the West,
and they also serve to throw some light upon
what Mr.Coaaalr promises in his next letter, to
let the public see what pretty freemen the poor
East Indians are. It now only remains to say a
few words on Mr. CROPPER'S new and curious
invention of putting an end to slavery in the
West Indies by reducing the price of sugar.—
" There is evidently (he says) a rate of prices
" necessary to support slave cultivation, under
" a treatment which prevents their increase,
" and may require supply by fresh impor-
" tations. At a lower rate slave cultivation
" may he continued, but not the importation of
" slaves. There is, I believe, a point still
", lower, where every system of slavery must be
",given up ;" and this point he proposes to
attain by (what he calls a faircompetition,)
some reduction, if not an entire equality in the
duty on East and West India sugar. Like sys-
tem-mongers in general, Mr. CROrPER, in his
zeal to establish his darling hypothesis, overlooks
some objections to it, that rather militate with
those. principles of humanity and philanthropy,
and that regard to the public good, by which he
professes to be actuated. If he could reduce the
price of sugar so low as to ruin the West India
planters, he would not only abolish slavery, but
destroy the slaves ; for if their masters were un-
able to maintain them, they must starve ; and
this would not be altogether consistent with hu-
manity and philanthropy. Advances have been
made onWest India security, by British capitalists,
to the amount of 100 millions, ou the faith of the
Parliamentary protection given to those colonies ;
and this property would be involved in the ruin of
the planters, and the destruction of their slaves.
Great Britain would also lose those greht marts
for her manufactures, and that vast source of na-
val power, which she derives from the mainte-
nance of her Colonial system ; considerations of
somewhat more importance to the public welfare
than the proposed reduction in the price of su-
gar. Such, however, are the results which Mr.
CROPPER, who tells his readers that he is exten-
sively engaged in the East India trade, which 1w
finds not to be profitable, but which would cer-
tainly become so by the destruction of his West
India competitors; labours to recommend) and

THE KING.

Extract of a Later from the Agent to Lloyd's at Holyhead,
dated August 12 1821.

" At ten o'clock this morning, the wind be-
ing westerly and rather mOderate, the Light-
ning Steam-packet, Captain SKINNER, was order-
ed alongside the Royal George Yacht, and the
KING and his Suite went on board of her, and
proceeded to Dublin. The whole of the Squa:
dross immediately followed, and it is probable
that Ills MAJESTY will be over by 12 o'clock
this afternoon."

4s THE QUEEN has closed her earthly career
her character and conduct should now be assign-
ed to the page of impartial Ilistory, but no longer
be a subject for contending Parties in the Public
Journals. She made a will, and prescribed the
disposal of her Remains, which Government, by
command of his MAJESTY, were anxious to observe
with the utmost precision. But those who express
the warmest affection for her, and the deepest
sorrow on her death, are doing all they can to
violate her MAJESTY'S will, and to prevent a due
respect to her Remains by, opposing the intention
of a Guard of Honour on the melancholy cere-
mony of the funeral procession. And what is
the plea of Lady Hoot), as the representative of
her MAJESTY'S friends, for delaying that proces-
sion? Why, her Ladyship, Lady Axs IlAmturoN
and Lord HOOD have not had time to " order
their mourning." Can any thing be more ab-
surd, we might add, more indecent, than such a
plea ? It appears then that Government is
anxious to obey to the letter the Will of her
late MAJESTY, and that her MAJESTY'S professed
friends are equally anxious' to vtor.NTE THAT

We received this morning the Paris Journals
of Saturday, but they contain no decisive intelli-
gence respecting the. great question of peace or
war between Russia and Turkey. By letters
from Bucharest it appears that the Turks con-
tinue to exercise the greatest cruelties; and the
inhuman conduct of the Seraskier of Braila, in
salting casks of tongues, ears and noses, cut off
from the unfortunate Walachians, to send as
trophies to Constantinople, must excite feelings
of indignation in every generous mind, and calls
loudly for the interference of civilized Govern- .
ments, to put an end to such barbarous'atroei-
ties.—The following are Extracts :
" ST. CLOUD, AUG. 10.—The King .transacted
business-this morning with the Marquess de Lau-
riston, the Baron de Pasquier, and the Duke de
Richelieu. His Majesty afterwards took an air-
ing in the direction of Gonard.
PARIS, AUG. 11.—The Keeper of the Seals
is expected. to return here in a few days.

Fa EN G{; "L'4;-:

Aug. 10, Five per Cents.
Bank Stock .1649 f. c.

," VIENNA, JULY 31—We have just received
news from Constantinople up to the 10th instant,
which contradict the report that the Russian
Minister,Raron de S t7ogonolf, has been massacred.
" The Ultimatum of the Emperor of Russia was
sent from Odessa to Constantinople on the 7th
of July. It is affirmed that this Monarch re-
nounces in the most formal manner all ideas of
conquest, but insists on a rigid adherence to ex-
isting treaties, and on satisfaction being given for
the insults offered to his Minister.

" Of thirty-six Greek families who resided at
Constantinople before the troubles, there remains
r.ow only one., that of Prince CaMalachi.—
The majority have fled from that Capital, but
several have been put to death. It is supposed
that Prince Janko Callimachi will be elevated to
the dignity of Hospodar of Moldavia.
" 4 CRONSTADT, JULY 23.—We have received
letters from Bucharest up to the 17th of July.
The Turks continue to exercise the most atro-
cious cruelties. The Seraskier of Braila caused

several casks of tongues, ears, and noses, cut off
from the unfortunate Walachians, to be salted on
the 16th of Jtiry (on accetint,of the heat), for the
purpose of their tieing sent to- Constantinople as tro-
pities. If the Turks are compelled by the Russians
to replss the bauube,they will leave only a de>rt.
Letters from Constantmop'le state-, thatthe-
o
13
pulace proposed to massacre all the Greeks re-
maining there in the first week of tae
but they were prevented. Private assassinations,
however, had not ceased up to the" 10th of July.
" FRANKFORT, AUG. 6.—The Austrian Ob-
server of the Ist of August publishes an article
from Constantinople, dated the 10th of July, re-
specting a commotion at Pera on the of that
month, in which the European Ministers appear
to have been insulted. The article is not, how-
ever, very clear-, and there are evidently parts
suppressed : it gives no intelligence concerning
the fate of Baron de Strog-onoff.
" The new flospodar of Walachia, Charles
Calimachi, has been arrested, with his family,
and was transported to holy, near Brussa, on
the '2d of July. The Porte has assured him
that hiS life is safe:

" SMYRNA, JULY 4.--ne plague has broken
out, and begins to make great ravazes.
" BERLIN, AUG. 1.- Letters from Poland
give no particulars respecting the march of the
Russians, but confirm the statement that several
corps are advancing towards the frontiers of
Turkey.

" AUGII.3i 2.—The Russian titular Counsellor
Rodosinikin, passed through this capital on his
way from Pari3. He is the bearer of dispatches,
and travels post to St. Petersburg)]. The English
Cabinet messenger, Daniels, has also passed
through this town from Petersburg!' to London
with dispatches..
" ODESSA, JULY 17.—Our commercial rela-
tions with Constantinople are now more secure,
and the intelligence from that Capital, which
comes down to the 12th instant, states that the
Franks and their commerce are now there much
more respected.
" The Ottoman Government seems to return
to more moderate measures, and shews greater
deference in its communications with the Minis-
ters of the different Powers. The Russian
Minister still waits for orders from his Govern-
ment; it is hoped they will he of such a nature
as to enable him to resume his relations with the
Porte, and the general opinion is that tranquillity
and good harmony will be restored.
" MADRID, JULY 30.--The King is to return
to his capital the 3d of next month. All the
national militia, as well as the garrison and
Royal guard, are to be drawn out to receive his
Majesty. The conduct of the Infants during the
absence of the King has•been very praiseworthy,
and whenever they have appeared in public they
have always been loudly cheered.
" The refusal of the Bulls for the Archbishop
of Seville and Bishop of Carthagena is the sub-
ject of every conversation. The Nuncio of
his Holiness waited on these Deputies with co-
pies of the speeches delivered by them in 1812
in the Cortes, and informed them that the Sove-
reign Pontiff could not approve the nomination
of two persons who had professed doctrines, if
not erroneous, at least equivocal. The Council
of State, it is said, is preparing a measure, the
object of which is to emancipate Spain altogether
from the control of the Court of Rome, without
however,' injuring the true discipline of the
Church."

Extract of a .142.tter from the Agefit to. LLoYD's at Constanti-
nople, dated julk 4. •

" For the last week every thing has been Iran-
,
quit, with the appearance of continiting•so."

[Extract of Letter from the Agent to Lloyd's at Smyrna, dated

the ziiii ult.]

" The embargo on merchant shipping, it is ex-
pected, will be shortly removed. His Majesty's
ship 11.1,?dina remains in port, with a French fri-
gate and two sloops of war. A French 60-gun
ship and two sloops of war have arrived in this
quarter, and others are expected ; they will re-
main in this neighbourhood unfok orders are re-
ceived from Constantinople to permit their en-
tering this port."

The contents of the German Papers received
this day, which we subjoin, are highly interest-
ing, in the present state Of the Turks and the
G reeks :

"FRANKFORT, AUGUST 5. •
[Extract a Utter from Odessa, July 171

Our commercial relations with Constantinople
are re-assuming more security, anti the news
which we have received from that capital, and
which are of the 12th of this month, state that
the Franks w.td their commerce are much more
respected.
The Turkish government appears to return
to more moderate measures in its internal a9ails,
and shews more deference in its relations with
the Ministers of the different powers. The Mi-

nister of Russia was still waiting for the orders of
his government. It is hoped that they will be of
such a nature as to enable him sbon to resume his
communications with the Porte, and it is generally
believed that tranquillity and good understand-
be restored.

is affirnled that in the Russian note to the
Porte it is formally stated that the Emperor dis.
claims every idea of concluest, but that his Ma-
jesty insists on the observance of the treaties, atid
on the satisfaction to be given to his Minister.'
" LEIUBURG, JULY 23.---Our Gazette publishes
the following news respecting Moldavia anti
Wallachia Our last accounts of Ypsilanti ar
confirmed. He has already arrived at Temes war,
accompanied by an Austrian officer. When he
reached the Austrian frontiers he had still
some hundred men with him, but was closely pres-
sed by the Turks, and had no hopes of e'scaping.-4"
Such of his troops as would lay down their arrilc
were also received into the Austrian teiritorf,
but those who retained them were sent wait
without exception. A great nti' any Greek
teers go to Russia, where the same rule is oil'
served with regard to their reception. It is
possible to describe the misery- and the deplor'
able situation of the fugitive families ; and the
mad enterprise of some visionaries .has tlralrit
down incalculable evils on the country and the
people. As for the excesses which the Ttirl;s
are said to commit, it may be affirmed that the
are not to be compared with those committed hi
the Greeks. They have exercised towards the.
Jews, especially at Herza, acts of barbarity 041°'
make one shudder with horror, and to which it
would be difficult to find a parallel even atnor4
cannibals.

Captains Spiro, Tufitschi, Gvka, and to
Servian Waiwode Milanowitch were not talc"
prisoners by the Turks, as supposed, but esetLr
ed into Bessarabia, where they share the fate °(f
their brethren in arms. After the battle °
Stinka, the Turks desired the Russian Com:1151v
dant to deliver them up, who answered, he al°t
ask his superiors, and would give them an
sever in 20 days. The Turks then retreated t°
Jassy.. Eighty-two Arnauts and' some Greelw
escaped on the day of the battle into the wilijdi
districts of Moldavia, where they subsist bl
plunder, and commit all kinds .of excesses, Par:
ticularly against the Jews. The Turks procee'l
ed with rigour only towards the Greeks, but with
great mildness towards the •Moldavians,
and Armenians: and, above all, towards the A)-15.
trian subjects.. Many Greeks have found Pr(l-
- under the powerful mgis of Austria,!

We received a Dutch Mail to the lltli
but there is-nothing of importance in its contents. It ct
a letter from the King of PRUSSIA, relative to the Triisc°r•-'lO-
of Students of the Universities, with orders for their future
galation, and the following article :-
46 IHELDEIt, AUG. B.—H is Majesty's corvette
from Batavia, last from Fayal, arrived yesterday in the Tee
an
after a voyage of 117 days, with Admiral liroTri: WO:4's
board. All was well at Batavia."

••••
At a late hour last night a Flanders Ma"'
rived :—The following are extracts : ,a in
Mo:i•ts, Awn. 6.--The Duke of Wellington has arr'„%h- vs-
this city with several. Officers of his Staff.' His Gracc
sited to-day the fortifications of the place, and has eXPrcls,e`de-
the military engineers his entire satisfaction. His Or3arl:'s'
dared publicly that Mons would become one of the, bul
of the kingdom of the Netherlands, and the finest fort-es'
Belgium. e. 010,16
BRUSSELS, AL a. fl.—The Prince and Princess 0•'„11.---:.
passed through Cologne on the 4th,, on their way to pasta
On the same day, her Royal Highness the Princess Aug route'
England, who has stopped at Cologne., left it by the is t,
it is thought that her Royal Highness is going to
,„SultVe
and that she is to order time necessary arrangements lor 13ri'
proaching visit of the Ring, her brother, to GermanY• •
tish Cabinet Messenger was sent by the Ambassador vi1t,,,„0 ot.
patches for Vienna.—The news of the death of the Q." 7 but
England has been in circulation here for these three ci3is:''aconl
there is no official confirmation of it.—The Duke of NArelut,.,
who is making the tau of Belgium. to inspect the fortresi ga
expected shortly at Brussels. Lis said that his GraOo•W
to Paris, previous to his rzturn to Englatd, le I'l'l6
FRANKFORT, Awn. 4.—Letters from Constantino?? ries st
been received at Frankfort, which state that the dons -d
present give the law in that capital. They have inerov-3,
number of their Delegates, who sit every day in the Drauittfl
CEPHALONIA, JULY Greeks who ha",,,,(1,, say
foreign service, to go te the assistance of their cotiol-4' The
who embarked at 'Trieste, have arrived in the 3lol'tor
two vessels which conveyed them entered the port of pr
on the 10th ef June. 'Prince Demetrius YPsira'lei 31110 e
young Prince Kantacuzerto were at their head. The 1? 0004
tants of the country, who impatiently expected them, e..,,r.r,.9//
the most livcly joy at their arrivA. The direction of anal-
since assumed greater activity, 8.33C1 they are in a llitiCTl
.10
vourable situation. The Turks, commanded by the reslo:sl
Arta, were completely beaten by the Siiliots, and tr'
made prisoner. The Paella of Delvino, who, hadifi"„-iii.
check, advanced on obtaining reinforcements, but
.„11h.
Ulysses, commanding the troops of Southern Tlics';oo r„-
Spherchius. Of 5000 Turks only 250 survived, wh°
sued and taken prisoners. The Paella was aniougi-4

Though our columns contain so intic.ll 7e'
resting intelligence respecting the aril bl e"
ments for her MAJESTY'S Funeral, 1"
l of
leave to request a portion of the attejit;ticie
our let a
acl end West India rs to tit conclusioni
aSugar,
by of
,t;h.et article
on E 4 I,sl.
INDIA PLANTER," inserted in Or t
ligen
page. Our highly respectable and the
Correspondent has so fully establish"" 1.0
fact, that the slaves in the West In°
witil
enjoy greater comforts, and are treated
still
d
more humanity, than the wretched slaves' an
that
more wretched free labourers;of the
an thi
we think it quite unnecessary to acid
Y
olu4ve
on flat subject to the valuable and con et
evidence c. ntained in his letter. To Ope 444
Last'
