LONDON, WEDNE;f3DAY EVENING, NOVEILIWR 10, W3O.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, NOV. 9.

The LORD CHANCELLOR took his scat on the
woolsack et Five o'clock. . . .

•
Petitions were presented against negro slavery, by tbe:
Earl of Shaftesbury, from Woodstock ; by the Earl of
Carlisle, from various towns in Yorkshire ; by Earl
Spencer, from the borough of Portsmouth,. Northampton,
and sevril other places; by the Duke of Norfolk, from
Gloucester, Munchampton, and Armagh ; by the
Bishop of Litchfield, from Bridgnorth, Stafford ; by
Viscount Tankerville, from places in Yorkshire; by the
Earl of Aberdeen, frmn Aberdeen ; by Lord Rad-
nor, from Winstead. Several petitions to a similar effect
were also presented by the. Earl of Falmouth and tin
Marquis of Cleveland.
DISTRESS OF THE MINING INTEREST.
The Marquis of CLEVELAND presented a petition
from the lead-miners of Alston, a highland district of
Cumberland, complaining of distress, Emitting from the pre-
sent state of the law relative to the itnportatinn of lead,
and praying f,r relief. The Noble Marquis expressed a
hope that Government would pay attention to the allega-
tions of the present petitioners, similar to that with which
they had already honoured petitions of a like nature pre-
tented by him in the course of last Session. He was 0114
vinerd that the condition of the manufacturers seat. pro:;
gressively improving, and that the it44.9kurists Wtr4 not
now.suffering such privations as they bad experienced at
the commencenvnt of last Session, while the deplorable
state of the mining interest continued unchanged. He
therefore trusted that the promises which had been already
conveyed to him by Government respecting this im-
portant question would ere lone be realized.
The Earl of FALMOUTH observed upon the distress
sustained by those who were concerned in the iron and
copper mine, also, which he attributed to the importation
of metal from South America.
The Duke of WELLINGTON said be had last Session
come to the conclusion that he should do much more
injury to British interests by interfetine, than by abstain-
ing from interference. He could only repeat the assurance
which he had already given the Noble Marquis, that he
would not he wanting during the ensuing year in attention
to Vlie, or to any other subject connected with the welfare
of the country.--.(Hear.)

it had stopped English capital going to 'lreland—it
ad put people of property into a state of constertst-
tbin, and the whole would hear the' question . the
instant it was raised.---(Loud cheers.)—After the un-
qoalified statement that had been made, th it the
people, end the whole people of Ireland, were
n favour of a repeal of the Union, he thought he. aught
to lose no time in giving the assertion the broadest and
fulle,t contradiction. All the property, all. the intelli-
:owe. all the. independence of Ireland were against the
repeal of the Union—(Long-continued cheers).—and also
against even the agitation of the question at the present
time. His l lordship haul trusre t that there was a
quiet, n repose intended fur Ireland ; but if advan-
tage were to he taken of the dissensions in the Netherlands
end that, toe, by factious demegoguerusee(Hear, hear,)
who went about the country regardless of their character,
regardless of all honour end decency, to oppn and break
!own the laws of their country, then was it high
time for every independent gentleman, to step
forward for the purpose of potting down a train
of such doings. With regard to the enegestion
thrown out by the Ilon. Member for Middlesex, his Lord-
ship could not hut (went in the propriety of it, were
due system to be carried to any extent. but he
would Venture to say that am ineinuations would be thrown
out, nor any such course of conduct adopted towards any
Member of that flouee, except the flow Meatal,er for
Waterferd, who had signalized him self ley his singularity,
Mr. fill AW said, that by far the greater number of his
constituents, both is point of number anal respectability,
wereAvitledly opposed to the tepeal t f the,Unifine
Mr. O'GRADY was of opinion that whenever the
question of n repeal of the Union wile to he fairly brought
forward, it mast be brought forward coupled with other
important measures. There were prevailing sentiments in
Intend in (emir of the repeal, coupled' with other
circumstances, anal many of those who were in favour
of it would shrink from giving the question their
sanction if it were to be considered airily and nakedly. As
to tho tax-gatherers of Ireland, Irishmen had been
emplaned in that office, but when their accounts were
tetanal to be incorrect, or their conduct improper, they
were removed, and Englishmen put into their places
—this had coastal great discontent, and advantage
MLR taken of it, as one ground on which to raise and
agitate the present question.
Mr. O'CONNELL acknowledged that he was sin-
gular—lie gloried in his singularity, wjtieh con-
sisted in this—that when he was first caned to the
bar, he was the inferior of the Hon. Member for London-
deny, and by his inereasing industry be had raised him•
pelf to his equal, if not Isis superior. In the first place, he had
called upon the people of Waterford to return hint as their
Member, because he was decidedly in favour of a repeal
of the Union. The lion. Member (M r. Dawson) had said
that before the Union there were to my more tax gatherers
than there were now. This was a most singular state
meat from a man in his situation. Did he net know
that the whole number of persons in Ireland at that time
dial ant alumna to more than about sixteen millions?—
and by a reference to the Hon. Gentleman's own speech
made in 1822, there was a solemn declaration that there was
no country known to be so lightly taxed as Ireland ! lie
knew the reason why the Hon. Gentleman haul addressed
himielf in the strain he had clone. Why, he bad received
from the country money enough to purchase the fee
simple of the Isle of Man, and if' he could bring
forward a solitary instance in which he had done a single
particle of good, he would get him a gift outdo of the
whole island —(Cheers.)—He introduced Lord Fits-
william'e Rama WitlYa ealumuy upon hie (Mr. O'C.'s), for
it would be recollected by the House that when he men-
tioned the circumstance' that had been alluded to he said
eight hundred persons, awl not eight hundred families;
and when the Hon. Gentleman read the exceedingly
cautious letter he, had read, common justice required that
he should have melted it was 800 persone that had been
'motioned in that House, and that he (Mr. O'C.) had re-
4lied to that letter. He had never said 800 families
;were under notice to quit ; and what was more, he haul
never been represented in any Newspapers to have stated
Any such thing. He would defy any man to produce a
4ienotpusper in which he was repreeented to have made such a
statement. He had staid, AM he repeated now, that there
were 800 individuals, he verily believed, under notice
to quit, from the estates of Luatel Hear.)--
He had get documents to prove that 800 acres occupied by
61) families were to become vacant by May next, and that
one individual, a Mr. Simons, haul the promise from Mr.
Cballuner of the whole. Again, the tenet tioo that was
made by the petition he bad the honour of presenting,
was the very language which haul been made use Of by
Lord Chief dastice Busbe. Did Gentlemen think that by
aKsang bins (Mr. O'Connell) they would repress the
wish iu the bosoms of the people of Ireland to have a
repeal of the Union ? No ; they were egregiously mis-
taken if they did think so.—(Hear.)—lle knew there
were three provinces in Ireland altogether favourable to' the
Repeal, there was one newspaper of Newry that had lie-
come a convert to the necessity of it, and advocates in
favour of it were rising up every day. lie bad
heard four or five Honourable Members speak upon
the subject; but he had not heard one by Palle from
any one of them in favour of the Union, An English
Member for a rotten Iswough haul called this the petition
of a mob, and nothing could have been uttered
more entirely untrue. Those who hid signed it were
equal in rank an! station, anti superior in intelligence to
the Hon. Gentleman who had made the bold aesertion-411
were equally nine-tenths his superiore.—(Loud and centie
need laughter.)—That Hon. Member represented nothing
now that was Irish ;he baud tried his hand—he had
failed—he had been turned out—be had left his
country, got into a rotten English borough, .and
now he came forward to attack the man who
stood up to do his duty to Ireland. Ireland ele.
served as proper discharge of duty from her tepee-
'tentative.; he to the utisost of his power' should
discharge that duty, although in the language of Chief
Justice Bushe, Ireland had never extorted any thing
from England, but that which had been wrung from it
'like drops of her heart's blood ; and true, indeed, was the
statement, 'for he (Mr. O'C.) had never known the Par-
liament to grant any thing to Ireland but what had
been wrung from it. He should go on, however, to do
his utmost, he would endeavour to imitate the Brownlows.
of 1782—.-n name that would only be eclipse! by the
brilliancy of thow who, in 1831, voted with hint for
the rapes' of the Union,—(Cheera and laughteo.--
And again, as to the Hon. Gentleman's speech opposite,
there was a lowness and a creeping about it that showed
Irons whence it came; butt let those who receive the coun-
try's money—tax consumers, sod burthens upon the peo-
ple, attack him as they pleased, he who was born
in Intl mil would go on to (Recharge hie duty aright, and
Ile nusated that he would live to see the (lay when Ire-
land would he a free legislative country.
Lord ALTHORP said, the information which the
Honourable Member -for Weterford had received of
the fight hundred persons was equally unfounded
with the statement of the 800 families. Loral Milton
hich
in
that
hheld
ad
eoadftoiurch
:moms etatiinoltiitrrolenticeylitiiwtitlavaiceNrd;:itfearii,an,rntl:toziAbh
Ai
eel
tarittli,onwri ;cnta,
ro,hei
rtaiihono_eulillyetirift: nofreo tilitrilhmetelliar:linnesti.7livsu
he
different lordehip. Those were under notice to quit, not
in consequence of any thing relating to the Sub-letting
Act, but because they were now, and had been for
a considerable length of tints in great arreats of rent.
Ice """litence al the ,statement made by the Hon.
Member, Lord Milton had gent over to Ireland, and
this was the answer he haul received, and which
he (Lord Althorp) Not been authorised to state to the
House. Mr. Challoner was at present with Lord
Milton, and as this information bad been sent to him
(Lord Althorp) only on Saturday night last, the Homo,
Idbnoe
air. 14.1
cOitiniiCiielliOnitwdNhaiimsNnre
must be satisfied with the accuracy of Lord Milton's con-
duct, that if there had been any mistake in the answer he
would have lost no time in forwarding a correction.'
La' .diinreeext 1;1 atlnialitt!roent: t eihmeirecsell to [till that
the
featly willing; to
Lorai ,nasnuaibanalsiot ttloaetailioecutinuutinz
nor did he ever intend to thtow out any accusation ion Lord
Fitswilliam.
DAWSON did not Mean to indulge in the
use of Amities language. Whatever the Honourable
Member for Waterford thought proper to say of
his (Mr. Demean's) public character or plahlie
Services he had a perfect right to do so either in that House
or elsewhere ; Ile therefore did not hear the obser-
vations as to his being a clerk in a public otfice,
receiving euell hirgO 40(tri*froin thoe,,uatry, and so an,

Paid €'rn.

with any indignation, !wattle they were observatititis
which every public:man might have made upon him, and
only those which
.occurred to every vulgar mind.—(Lotul
laugliter.)—llut when the lion. Member -for Waterford
chose to attack his private character, and to allude to
hie not now being Member for Derry, and which
was the consequence of his family supporting the prin..
ciplee
,he, had always advocated; V 1 hen he presumed to
touch any thing aft (ling his privets character he (Mr.
Dawson) had every right to say he had hats the mis,

fortune to receive his encomiums both publicly
end privately. and be bad now the good fortune to receive
abuse.---(Laughter and rheers.)—Well did the Ho.
trouble Member for Waled:oil know that, he durst
not utter one tenth of what he bad done if Iw
were not covered with disgraceful impunity.—
I will not follow the subject farther than to war. that I
perfectly despise any thing the lion. Member may any.—
One of the lion. Members who had spoken hail said that
great complaint existed. in Ireland, because Englishmen
were sent over to fill offices in [Maud., If this were so,
not only, that Hon, Member, but all Ireland ought to res.
eollect tint the sane complaitits, or more hitter com-
plaints of the same nature prevailed in this country,
for it was in every mouth that a vast number of
young men from different parts of 'lreland filled
Loth' the Customs anti the Excise Offices to the general
t.xele‘iao of Englishmen, 'Cluj public ought to atensider
this,- bee:Anse without Oeollerting it the subject was cal-
culated to excite discontent in the minds of the Irish.
Sir H. II AnDINGE said, that the statement of the
-
Hon. Mealier tor Waterford, that several hundred persons
bad lie,ot ejected from the estates of Lord Fitz William wits
unfound, d.---(Near, hear.)--Ile (Sir H. flardioge) had
received a letter, which tOtaLy denied that any such thing
had taken place.
Mr. O'CONNELL must repeat, that 500 or 600 per.
sons had received notice of ejectment because they veted
for him.

Sir 11. IiAIIDINGE emphatically-1 deny it.
Mr. 13IiOUGHAA1 deprecated such language, and,
after semo other remarks, took en opportunity of a%king
the [Nit lion. Secretary for the Colonic!, whether he in.
tended' to tiring forward any measure relative to the slave

trade,
Sir 0, MURRAY made some observations, which we
could not distinctly hear in the Gallery.

NiIIIEPRESENTATION.

Mr. LITTLETON present‘d a petition from Hales
Owen, complaining of the truck system. In doin; so, he
beeged to stale to the House P ome circumstances connected
with that Abject. When in rho last Session he had
brought in tt 13111 on this snhket, the Hen. and Learned
Member for Waterford hal objected to extending the pro-.
visions plihat Bill 'to Ireland. In the course of private
conversation, the Hon. and Learned Member had told him
that if he persisted in extensling the provisions of the 13111
to Ireland, he must not only vote against the Ildl, but
speak against it. On that rerwirk his (Mr. Littleton'e)
answer wits—" Oh, very well, • then I don't ewe' about
Ireland." Ile did not believe that a single individual who
li,ol heard, or who might have heard, him use that ex-
pression, could, for an inst tot, have imputed to him any
Aetnal indifference with respect to Ireland. The Ihm.
and Learned Member smiled, and that certainly awakeqed
some suspicion. But he was certainly extremely surprised
to find it stated in a report, in an Milt newspaper, of
meeting at St. Audeon'a parish, letbubilt, that the Hon.
and Learned Member for Waterford, after some oliserva.
tiona on the indifference rd` English Meinhere respect-
ing Ireland, adduced as a striking instance of that in-
difference, that Mr. Lialeton, the Member for Stafford.
shire, having brought in a Dill fu abolish tie truck sys•
tem, which appeared to the Hon. and Learned Member
for Waterford to be it very lursti measure, and being
desirous to extend the provisions of the Bill to Ire-;
land, the Hon and Learned Member for Waterford had
expostulated with Mr. Littleton.on the subject—to which
expostulation he had received for answer, " What care I
fur Ireland?" Upon which the Hon, and Learned Mem-
ber for Waterford observed, " Very well, my good Sir, I
shall recollect this expression, and I will take an npportu-

nity of telling it to the people of lrelanil."—(Lowl nud ge-
ne.ral shouts of " Hear, he.tr.") Was it. necessary for
him (Mr. Littleton) after eigliteen years' public Nervier—
Jter his introduction of the Elective Franchise Bill, and
ha companion—after his subsequent Parliamentary eon-
duct—he di►d not Inlieve the Hon. and Learned Member
for Waterford, nor did he now believe th it Any indiiidual
in the country but that Hon. and Learned Alemher, nor
him had he not seen it in print, Would have been guilty of
so stating im calumnious end injurious it statement.
Mr. O'CONNELL expressed hi' astoniahment at the
warmth of the Hon. Gentleman. The Hon. Gentleman,

on the occasion Alluded to, had said, "What care I for
Ireland ?"--f Loud aie4 of "No, no.") Those, es far 44
he recollected then, were the preci.e words which he ut-
tered. If that were not the case he laboured under Nome
mistake. _

• Mr.' LITTLETON observed, that the expression which
he had used of the occasion in question, was one of care-
less indifference ; in no way subject to the interpretation
which the Hon. and Learned Member fur Waterford had
been anxious.to put upon it.
Mr. O'CONNELL said that the words which the Hon.
Member for StAfordshite had used on the occasion in

question were, r► Well, I don't care for Ireland.—(Shouts
of disapprobation.) He merely gave the words as be on-
derstood them. The Hon. Gentlemen seemed to him to
throw off, all care fUr Ireland; to intimate that he did not

care for Ireland.-r(Repeated exclemations of diapproba.
tion.) The language might he unfashionable in that
House; but the fart wasi that the English Members did
not listen with the attention which was due to the affairs
of Ireland. He certainly did understand that the Hon.
MeMiser for Staffordshire had contemptuouly thrown off
all interest for Ireland.—(Nn, no, no.)
Mr. PORTMAN expressed his anxiety that some mea-
sure would be ri.aorted to in the present swims of Patna-
matt, for ameliorating the condition of the poor. Par-
liament had been sitting for nearly three weeks, yet no
proposition of that nature hail been made. Besides these
eireutustences, he thought it his duty to ask the Right
Hon. Gentleman if his Majesty's Governineut intended to
propose for the consideratinn of Parliament any measure
for the relief, not. only of the great mot of the poorer
classes, who were destitute of employment, but eleo of
the middle classes, who were unable to give that employ-
ment ? Had his Majesty's Government any measures to
propose ? If they.liasl none, he hoped that tome Hon.
Gentleman would origiaatessome proposition of that nature.
Mr. HUME expressed his hope that his Majesty's
veroment lied some proposition to snake on the subject.
Sir RonitnT P.E.EI. remonstrated against this practice
of calling upon his Majesty's Government,, slay after day,
to ewe the course which they intended to pursue. lle
would ask the House if it was fair to call upon his Ma-
jesty's Government to state in detail the several measures,
which in die course of the Session they might find it ex-
pedient to propose ? It was imposed& for Government
to say what they might find it nereseaty to do in refetenee
to the reounnendetious contained in that Reports' He
was perfectly willing to answer any torsion whiet he
properly 'amid, provided that curls question referred to
some specifics abject ; but it was not to be expected that
he should come there prepared to answer such vague and
general inquiries
.Lord .ALTHQRP said he wished, and, be was sure
many persons in that Heusi, and out of doors, also wished
to know if his Majesty's Gavernment bad any definite
measure to propose for the relief of the people from the
intolerablepressiuro of taxation under which they had Is-
boured. This anxiety wax, he eonceived, perfectly natural,
•and well entitled to satisfaction, end it would be no matter
of surprise if the deepest disappointment were felt, should
it turn out that no measure of relief Was in contempla.
r:on—if there existed no intention of taking this important
subject into serious consideration. To better the condi.
lion of the poor was an object which dematided the int-
mediate and most *Slalom attention of Parliament, and
More especially of his Majesty's Ministers. It was mug.
(rested that other* beside* the advisers of the Crown
might bring good measures of relief; but be would appeal
to the experience of Honourable Menthe,* whether there
wee not the greatest difficulty in introduving, with any
reasonable prospect of success, any measures for the benefit
of the people ?
Mr. SLA N EY said that the condition of the labouring
poor ought to he carefully and minutely investigated, in
the southern counties especially •; it was onsets( so much
importance, that he hoped an early day would be named
fir proceeding with it, anti that the meet sterious attention
of the House should be given to it.
Sir B. PEEL hoped that not one word wbieh fell from
hint would be construed to convey a dissent from what

wea tahl on the other s'oh, of the Muse. No one could
,lie spore deeply penaibletlim hr wit+ of do, pardwount, ini-
portanee of the subject which hit he advettedt9 qtr the
present convention. Was it not evid,nt thatlhe re-
mission of the Deer Duty hat an inniwtliate bearing up ,o
the condition and comforts of the nom? Was it nut
equally evident that a tonsure for parting Irish poor wiotifi
hrone:
of thismater country
materially affecting
? Wits it
eting the condition
o,rriolct,t
the labouringlot. w
l
om
measure for the employment of the Irish, poor would much
infinence the condition of the working classes Of the country
,ielarge ? Would not anything preventing the emigration
oti- the Irish to England be of the utmost importance to the
la%mnring &noes here? !tow, then, eonlii he undertake
eicgive the information which an answir to the titttAttion
put ought to supply? In deelking, however, to, Five
such answer, be begged watt studiously to guard hutrr4f
against the supposition that he ditTe.eft from the Notate
lerd or the fan. Gentleman who had sPoken, as to the
immediate and presiing necessity which there existed for
tuhirig the condition of the labouring poor into their (mit
attentive consideration.

Mr. SYKES was underitood to inquire if there "was
my intention of altering or amending the late relative to
the recovery of Small debts?
Sir R PEEL said, that after be had given Make of
hi* Bill;another Bill was introduced by the Hon. Menthe:.
for Yorkshire for the better recovery of small 'debts, which
in principle was the same,' but in operation trout{ prove
much more extensive. 'He (Sir B. Peel) wished to Out.
pone his own Measure until the sense of the House
have been taten upoe that of the Hon. Gentlemm. In
this there would be no great delay, would
be ',Omitted to the House to-morrow, and it might itos..
sihly be found to fulft, all the objects which 31,, had in view.
The petition W4S then rnti. On the rpteoion that it
be laid no the table,
Mr. PORTMAN sail he did wish most earnestly to itu
press upon his Majesty's Minister*, that if they liel4ed
too loug the' elphittation, of 'their nita.urett, the people
might become desperate.
Sir ROBERT PEEL said, that many Members of that

;
House were in possession Orllittch pree.se
,tfrrM at on
than Were his Majesty's Grwernment, Ina he Would oak
why did, not some Of those Hon. Members prOptise some-
thing for the relief of the poor? Why, he wonlil ,
aid tome of those Gentlemen, who so urgently 611,,d upon
Are Gewernment--why diJ not they propose something
specific theteodyea P lye should corulnly not typos!, an in-
wary into the 01'1660n of tho labouring ;Ivo tat if1:1; flay 11,1
should' MOH cordially vo-operate with anyllon, Member trim
might briog forward any proposition of that nostie. lit
his opinion such a proposition mild not be better than in
the hands of souse county Member.
Mr. RUTH VEN hoped the inquiry would be extettiled
to the state of the Irish I titcuring p. or.
Mr. POHI'MAN repeated that it wait the duty of. the
House to pay immediate attention to the question."'
Sir JOHN WHOTT.HSLEY observed that the pro nt
was a question' of great delicacy, and he was eitreniely
sorry not to see ineorme4 of preceution taken with,
ference to the distmbances unfortunately prevailing in a
county hear the metropolis. In early life he had been at-
customed.to e,qiel of tumult, and the result of his expe-
rience in that way led him to the conviction that the
moment the civil force of any disturbed district was
found insufficient for the maintenance of good order awl
obedience to the Ities, assistance ought immediately to be
afforded,' and means at once taken to sup*, inattliortlinas
tion. He hesitated not to say, that if she system orvioo
lance which raged in it neighbourin enmity were not
speedily put down, it would spread all over the kingdom,
His lion. Friend. around him were called upon to prisposef
some Measure of relief ; but he. would ask, with what

►torliert of aueress could trty toraeure of relief be iptro»
lured by a private and uninfluential Afumt►er of that
Rouse ? Let then► look to the ease of the Hon. lfettibet

for Shrewsbury ; he bad long and laboriously applied hint
self to measures for bettering the condition of the poor, and
did he succeed with any one of them 7 .There could be ins
hope that Any measure would he carried' througk its several
stages in both nooses unless introduced by aurae Ilfeinber
of his Alajesty's Government.
Sir ItOIIERT PEEL thought it would he a gre:a ad-
vantage if conversations and remarki of the' nature which
had just been mole were preceded by some notice ; eel
he must lie allowed to observe, that the remarks of the
lion. Gentleman who had just spoken, seemed to convey
some reproach upon his Majesty's Governmeot rot supine-
ness with reference to the Lois distorbanc,s—A reproach
the most entirely unfounded that could llur»ibh he otteettl„
It .Was extremely difficult at one • and the same time to en-
force the strictest economy, and e*treise the curry), that
should belong to the governing puler any State. In-
fantry and cavalry were to be disbanded, seemly 'Wier
was to he allowed in aid of the civil power—Government
were compelled to dismiss the yeomanry ; and when dis-
turbances arose, they were told that they ought not to
leave them to be suppressed by the constable:), hot ought
instantly to crush them with a strung hatol.—(Hesr.)
Ile would call upon the fon. Member for Emit tit say,
if his Majesty's Government had not done all, under the
circumstances, which could be expeeted of sham to the
suppression •dt those disturbances F ,Ile 1)4,1 Waite to
state, that though at a grtit public inconvenience, end to
the neglect of other ;noising matters, the Secretary for the

Tretn7ry was at the resets* Moment at Itinhistone,
endeavouring to trace the causes of that extraordinary
mystery which had, up to the present momeet, ricer d
their most earful investigetion ; there were also et
Maidstone every police officer, who, in the present
.tote of the metropolis, could be spared. To this
he had to add, that he had authorised the Lord Lieute-
tenant of the county to call out, crud embody the yen-
loamy rather than resort to the regular military forct. It
would he a grows error to suppose that -the disturbance in
a neighbouring county was local. Its objeeti he could
have no doubt, was general..the fires constituting its
overt acts, were neither executed by the bawls, nor
de-
vise] by the heads of the peasantry of the county of Kent
suspicion attached to the resident population—the
whole of the matter, whoever might lie its origin, was
deviser!. by other heads than theirs, and proceeded upon
principles. not local, but general. Though, up to the pre.
sent moment, no detection had taken place; yet he did
hope that the time was at hand when not only the
hands by which the offences were committed, but,
what was infinitely more important, the heads by
which they were devi.ed,, would hi brought to' con.
dign punishment.
Sir EDWARD KNATCHBULL bore testimony to the
fact, that Government bad given immediate assistance on
Wing applied to, and he had moth satisfaction ireheing
able to state, that in the eastern part of the county the
efforts for the suppression of disturbance had not born al-
together unsuccessful; and in the eastern part of the
county he► had the means of knowing that many of the
inhabitants had used great exertion to discover the causes
of the disturbance, and to put an end to it. Similar exer-
tions had, he had learned, also been used in other parts of
the county, for the same purpose; but the .continte.
*nee of those infection* was more than could' be etc-
petted front individuals if public ,Meaatteeit Were not
resorted to for the restoration of peace - and tram..
quillity. Prom every inquiry Alois tai: was enabled
to make, he could (leave that theetortfl.gre-
Lions in the county of Kent were 'eat 040444' by the
peasantry of the land. fie was persuaded - that the pea-
sentry were teateated by a very eifierent feeling from that
which influenced the euthots of these outrages;, the pea-
santry were, his was aseorsil, faller attauhment their
employete, and the least likely in 'the woehL to `coconut acts
of that diabolical character. Another consideration led
him to acquit the peasantry of the County of Kent g they
were not so ignorant- as not to he WWarn that those burn.
logs would prove most iojerioue to their owninterestei
even destroying the very moms of ',their owitaufetitteuer.
Mr. BRISCOE regretter, that thespirit which peeve:ilea
in the teems>. of Kent had spread itself to two patiehrs in
the minty which, be had the honour to represent. ihi
entertained not the least doubt that the labouring poor of
the district were pet feetly Moreno of theses othotees.
The petition was then twought up and laid on the tattle,
M. 0. W. WYNN brought up his dill fur altering the
form of the Oahe to he taken by Member* of Per tremens.
It was ordered to he reed a first time oat Friday -next.
The SOLIOITOReGENERA Is moved for leave to bring
in *.Mitt: to.ettend end amend the Statute of Frauds.
Amongst others of the evils which it would 1w the objets*
of hießill to remedy, wits the freqeentand expansive
titi-
gatiun which arose from the degree in which men were
bound by the let ter* thy lareht write respecting the !rale of
their estates. One object of hit Bat would he, to require
that no agreement respecting land _should he binding, any
e„, "meted sad suhketilped in the same manger at, was
necessary for all other ireartuneuts.
Mr. D. W. HARVEY complimented the Dom and
Learned Gentleman upon the object of ' his, measure, but
regretted, at the same -time, that the great work of law re-
form wail promoting so slowly:
Mr. O'CONNELL regretted that the Judges had the
power of making so much of the law, inaterd of having it
made for them by the .Legislature. It was with great as •
tisfaction that he Witnemled an attempt tit improve the
oate of the law relating to frstuls ; in proof, of tire neces-
sity of that laceration, he advettrrl to the- cut, that thouglt
she statute of fresith was liaised late.in the eeventeenth tine
Wry, yet, !Wore the end of that century, the litigation
arising out of it caused the people of this country net We
thin a million of money. It Was a disgrace iu.lngUlad
