FRENCH REVOLUTION.

SPIRIT OF THE PROVINCIAL JOURNALS.
(From the York Courant.)
From the chaos of misrule into which the tyrant
of Charles and his besotted ministry had thrown the
capital of France, we are glad to find that the ener-
gies of a high spirited people are creating a system
of social order, whence we trust will emanate public
peace. Though a brief, it has not been a bloodless
revolution, but still we would hope that the national
good resulting from it will form a counterbalance
to the domestic wounds received. If there be a
glory which history encircles around the heads of
the heroes who fall in their country's cause—that
glory will shine with increasing splendour around
the hallowed memory of the people of France whose
lives have been sacrificed to over-grasping power;
and if there be a curse whose bitterness rests with a
heavier weight, in the execration of after age.,
against the tyrants of their race, that curse with all
the deepness of its malediction, must fall upon the
name of Charles the Tenth. It was reported during
the week, that England was to afford sanctuary to
the Royal outcast, but we are glad to have reason
to hope this will not be the case. America is now,
spoken of as his retreat. There let him to—and
with the constant--sight of freedom—that terror of
tyrants, before hie eyes, let him lead a life of that
severe penance, which the constant observation of
a happy people under the purest form of free go-
vernment must inflict.
(From the Liverpool Albion.)
The stupendous events of which Paris has, during
the last fourteen days, been the mighty theatre have
raised the character of her citizens " above all
Greek, above all Roman fame." An industrious,
unarmed people, inflamed to madness by traiterous
wretches who basely attempted to enslave them, and
fired with a burning love of freedom, attacked, de-
feated, and routed a formidable array of disciplined
troops, who had on their side all the advantages of
equipment, of concentration, and position. This
glorious victory, unparalleled in the history of the
world, these heroic citizens achieved in the brief
spare of three days, and rescued their beautiful city
—may we not hope permanently ?—from the grasp
of a tyrant whose imbecility would have disgraced,
es much as his cruelties would have injured, their
beloved Frunce. Nor has the glory of the achieve-
ment been sullied by a single act of pillage, of cruelty,
or revenge. Every soul was animated by the lore
of liberty, by the hatred of tyranny. The blow
which they struck was for freedom, and fur her alone.
Though the battle of freedom was fought and the
victory achieved by the humbler classes of citizens,
persons and property were universally respected.
The love of country animated every breast, and
enabled these heroic men to break in fragments the
chains which the detestible Charles and his wicked
trinisters had forged for perpetrating the slavery of
Frenchmen.

(From the Dublin Morning Register.)
SUBSCRIPTION FOR THE FRENCH PATRIOTS...-.
We greatly applaud the exertions which our London
cotemporaries are making to raise a subscription for
the relief of the suffering patriots of France. The
whole race of man are indebted to these glorious
patriots and their brethren in arms. They have cast
into the shade the most brilliant exploits of the public
virtue of ancient times. They have done more for
general liberty and good government, and therefore
for the general happiness and morality of mankind,
than has been yet achieved for the world. We
hope other European communities are capable of
the deeds they have performed, but it is not in hu-
man nature to exceed them. Resplendent in be-
roism, they have been still more illustrious in the
use they have made of victory. Magnanimity to
the tyrant has probably been carried by them to a
fault. But if the French people have failed on
desireso every
th
mag-
nanimity's side in regard to their miscreant King,
theyoth e
other
instances.ve fulfilled They
all the
have in all
done of e
heart
the hest form and best spirit. Their's is the beats
ideal of a revolution ; it realizes the dreams of the
Utopian as to modes of effecting at once practical
and magnificent changes ,in the condition of men.
(From the Edinburgh Evening Courant.)
The French who have just escaped the perils of
a civil war, must be anxious for repose. They can
have no desire but to cultivate peace with all foreign
states; and we can scarcely imagine that there will
be in any quarter the slightest hesitation to recognize
the government which they will establish, Great
Britain will at any rate give her countenance to
France in her late struggle for freedom; and with
regard to the Continental States, if they do not
look on the late revolution with a friendly eye, they
will at least stand neuter, and leave the deposed
monarch to his fate. They can never for a moment
entertain the notion of actively interfering in his
favour, of invading France with their armies in
order to restore an absolute monarchy. The
vaders of France would soon find that they had to
deal with an armed nation; and the experience of
all history shows that an armed nation is impervious
attack. We have no fear, however, that the great
powers of the Continent will he so ill-advised as
to meddle in favour of the French King. The pre-
sent case is entirely different from that of 1793,
when the institutions of France were overthrown by
fierce republicans, and Europe was threatened with
an over-running flood of democracy. The danger
has now arisen on the opposite quarter of the hori-
zon. It is the King who is at present the author
of the revolution; and the people are the opposers
of the change; and, besides that their cause is good,
they have evinced such exemplary moderation as
must, we should hope, secure to them the counte-
nance of all rational friends of freedom in every
part of the world.
(From the Liverpool Journal.)
FRENCH llswourrioN.—The attention of oil men
being now turned with intense interest to France,
we have, in another part of our paper, given copious
details of the proceedings which marked the progress
of the late revolution in France. If unsustained—
as we trust it will bc—by subsequent crime, the
daring chivalry of the people of Paris will endear
them for ever to the lovers of liberty, and place
their names foremost amongst those who have suc-
cessfully combated with tyranny. Whether they
have been right in the abstract—and we do not
question their right—signifies but little; the
popular voice was outraged, the majesty of
the people was insulted, and violence WAS done
at once to law and opinion by an act of des.
potiatn. In resisting the power that deemed itself
greater and wiser than the nation, they were justi-
fied, even though they had been wrong; for the
public have a right to govern themselves, and in ex-
pelling a weak, though perhaps a well-intentioned
King, they have taught monarchy a lesson which
the advocates of exploded systems will do well to
study. Whatever may be the result, the first act
has been is glorious one; and the admiration which
it inspires, is not diminished by a reference to the
forbearance which has characterised the victors inthe unequal contest.
(From the Boxing Gazette.)
FRANCE:.-COMPLETE TRIUMPH OF THE FRENCIS
—FLIGHT, CAPTURE, UNCONDITIONAL SCORES'
mitt, AND EMBARKATION OF Tun Ex-KING FOR
Tuts COUNTRY.-814cl) are the great events we are
called on to commemorate. They will no doubt be
felt iu the remotest parts of Europe. France, re-
leased from the torpid, touch of the Bourbons, will
resume the place she once held among ths nations
