subjects !"

[Fromihe Coviitaionnd.]
Pants, Nov. 30.—N0 longer masked and hypocritical, the
Counter-revolution walks barefaced; its demeanor is ()Penland
its language almost as undisguised. It signified to us the
other day, by the Quetidienne, that our Kings could at any
moment modify the Charter; that this concession, or rather
this work of circumstances, did not interfere with absolute
power; and that here, as in Spain, all sorts of promises may lie
made and withdrawn, and institutions raised and broken down;
that, in short, the Charter was only a /raw, within which
might be inclosed either liberty or slavery, law or arbitrary
power, justice, or the royal will.
(From the Etoile.)
Pasts, Nov. 30.—The following is an estimate of the artil-
lery force which forms part of the Army of Occupation :
, At Madrid—The 3d company of the regiment of horse
ar-
tillery, the 4th and 7th regiments of foot artillery, and the 2d
and 7th squadrons of the waggtin-train.

.....
At Cartbagena—The Ist company of the .sth regiment of foot
artillery.

At Corunna—The 4th company of the Bth regiment of foot
artillery.

At Badajoz —The 4th company of the 6th regiment of foot
artillery.
At Santona—The 3d company of the name regiment.
At Cadiz—The 4th and sth companies of the Ist regiment of
foot artillery, the 4th company of the 3d regiment ditto, the
sth company of pioneers, the lst and 2d regiments of hone
artillery, the Ist and 2d companies of the 3d squadron of the
waggon train, and the Ist company of the 7th ditto.
At St. Sebastian—The 3d company of the 3d regiment of
artillery.

At Pampeluna—The 3d and 4th companies of the Gth regi-
rnent of toot artillery, the 7th company of the Bth ditto; smith!
3d company of the 2d squadron of the waggon-train.
[From Me Or amore.]
. MADRID, Nov. 22.—The disbanded soldiers of the armrof
Ballasteros con time to commit th °greatest excesses ; the battalion
of the Constitution entered the town of INledino tlel Campo on
the 19th inst. shouting, " The Cortes for ever !—Liberty for
ever'. !" The inhabitants hastily armed themselves, and A
bloody conflict in the interior of the town was only prevented
.
by the prudent conduct of the authorities, who, aided by the
Royal volunteers, made these anarchists return to their duty.
The Ratattrador, in anouncing this tumult, demands whether
he had calumniated the soldiers of the army of Ballasteros (a
he was reproached with having done) when he represented them
as in a state of insubordination, and spewing contempt for the
King's authority.

The following document will be read with in-
terest, as affording a proof of the unfortanate,
condition to which a number of officers have boll
reduced by the perfidy displayediat Corunna:--
PROTEST ADDRESSED TO GENERALS MGRILLO AND LA
ROCREJACCIUELIN, ON THE 30TII SEPT., 1821
" The French officers composing the corps of Constitutional
Lancers detained on board the Eg:rie. corvette as prisoner' Dt
war, protest against that measure, because the articles of the, i
ca-
pitulation, concluded on the 24th of August In • front
the
Ouadia, in the valley
of Squadron, Pascal Aymara. commanding
the sala CM° °
Lancers on the one part, and the officer named the MO*
commanding the Spanish Royalist troops under the huraeill° i
orders of General Morino, on the other, were in these term'
1. The Constitutional Lancers shall lay down theirarms;
they shall retain their property, and passports shall be delivered
to them at the head-quarters at Tuy for any place to which they..
may wish to go.
" 2. The officers of the said corps (Constitutional) (41411
retain their arms and their property ; and passports BallalS°.;
be delivered to them et Tuy, to enable them to go *her'
of
the
11"41
(Galicia), between the (A

they may please.'
" The lame officers declare, that they never formed Pe7"l.
any foreign legion, and that they always belonged to the lit'
division of the 4th corps of the Army of Operations, la.
" Such, Sir, is the copy of the capitulation and the Pre'
the articles of the former of which were respected for enif
days : at Tuy the whole was violated ; the officers wets die,
armed and imprisoned with their soldiers; their proPert/11:14
pillaged, and had it not been for the arrival of the Ist reBi°l7ti
of the French Hussars, they would have been assassinate!,
their prison. In 'no war was ever such disorder seen ! vc
their
La Rochejacquelin seized upon these unfortunate men in t.11.e
prison in the most illegal manner. rent
" Be so good as to give room to these facts, for it is of n‘the
importance to make the truth known to the public, end /49 to
upright Magistrates who have to pronounce a Pagnlenititbese
result of which, doubtless, will be the setting at libertYnibe an
unfortunate men. To condemn them would clrtittn'ii:e sot
act of the greatest atrocity. Besides, relying on the it°,lc twit
generosity of the French Government, we may be *sent 0 fur,
men who have already antlered so much will soon bave I it
ther reason to complain of unjust and rigorous trestriwin
•
appears that they have been sentito Toulouse to be tsie“
Yours, &c. A rfARI)."
" Brussels, Nov. 26. „ p.

morning CITY,
---sesel.---.
nothinglytnihitieeestntbwbese oenacntdasEanTst:xo:
:417
foor'Ct/iolcek.A—cCcoounnsto:s:!:tiskojei
tdoothiors
doing.--A report prevails that ibil in",
olpatrbveeossitssavtteleeltialoist
utusarterodrt ihvbaeoetduitatf. r oirsomcir,,to:l,:irt;
iiiiii
flie
el byt:octlift Doiottl
accounts from Madrid, it appears LW:. lay
persons of all descriptions have quit'ea ,00a.
Capital to seek an asylum in foreiao `.
...,
0 A a.
tries, and in the remote provinces of 4-/ old
Amongst them are several of the ParWers, of
principals of commercial houses. The Kin'
not re
eot
SPAIN and the Royal Family will
long• at Madrid, but, according to the
f the
custom, will pass the winter at the P" 3c- .0 the
Escurial. All Officers who have served in
Constitutional Army will bi: obliged to
Spain. ~,,, johP
FORElGNeAxycAreepvst:issnsuepSlppiaossnish Bonds, which °Felled 0t
MARKET.--SCarC43 any tor., „a.
i, 0105
—.....---
fro"' v or,
that 4-
11'1:10
aerdritvoedbriinngthitedCcilemens
