Henry Colburn, Publisher, la, Great Marlborough-street.

Just ready, in 2 vols. post Bvo., with illustrations,
SOUTH AMERICA AND THE PACIFIC.
By the Hon. P. CAMPBELL SCARLETT.
With Remarks on the Practicability of Canals and Rail Roads across
the Isthmus of Panama, and on the advantage and facility of Com-
munication by Steam on the Western Coast of ♦merica.
To which are anwczed, PLANS and STATEMENTS for realiz-
ing the same objects.
By WILLIAM WHEELWRIGHT, Esq.
Henry Co'burn, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.

6, St. James's-square.
WINGROVE COOKE'S HISTORY OF THE WHIGS AND

_
TORIES.
NOW READY.
The Third and Concluding Volume of
THE HISTORY OF PARTY,
By GEORGE WINGROVE COOKE, Esq.,
Barrister-at-Law, Author of " The Life of Lord Bolingbroke."
This volume brings the History of the two NATIONAL
PARTIES down from. the Accession of George the Third to tha
Passing of the Reform Bill; and contains BIOGRAPHICAL
ANECDOTES of every eminent Party Leader who has appeared
during this epoch.
John Macrone, St. James's-square.

NOW READY, FIFTH EDITION,
In 12m0., price Is. 6d. sewed,
AWEATHER ALMANAC,
On Scientific Principles, showing the State of the Weather
for every day in the year 1838.
By P. MURPHY, Esq., M.N.S. &c.,
Author of the new Theory of Meteorology and Physics, on the
principle of Solar and Planetary Reflection, and of different
works on these subjects.
Whittaker and Co., Are Maria-lane.

FR ASEIt'S MAGAZINE,
for JANUARY,
Price 2s. 6d., begins a New Volume.
The Contents are of more than ordinary interest.
FlRST,—Doctor Maginn contributes No. I. of an intended Series
of Homeric Ballads—The Bath of Odysseus.
SECONDLY,—The four following popular Series are continued,
viz., that extraordinary paper, entitled " The Doctor"—the Yellow
Plush Correspondence (in which is given a highly finished En-
graving)—the Blue Friar Pleasantries—and Portraits of Spanish
Carlist Chiefs.
. THIRDLY,—Another New Series is commenced, under the title
of " The Newspaper Press of Paris."
And FOURTHLY,—In the Number will be found two highly im-
portant and first-rate Political Papers—Seven Reviews of New
Books—Four Poetical Contributions—and a couple of Tales.
The Proprietor presents this Number as the richest since the
commencement of the Magazine, Nine Years ago. He issues it as
an earnest of the Contents of future Numbers; and with a determi-
nation to far outstrip every contemporary Periodical.
%• Subscribers' Names received by the. Publisher, at 215, Regent-
street, London ; or by any Bookseller in the Kingdom.

Just published, price 4a.,
itPOPULAR HISTORICAL and PRAC-
TICAL TREATISE on SYPHILIS, and he conse-
quangos ; on Acute and Chronic Diseases of the Urethra, attended
by Morbid Discharges; on Permanent and Spasmodic Strictures,
and other Urethral affections ; recommending an improved method
of Treatment, illustrating its efficacy by numerous eases.
By C. B. COURTENAY, M.D.,
4t, Great Marlborough-street, Regent-street.
To which is added, Concluding Remarks on the Nature and
Treatment of Nervous, Local, and General Debility.
Printed for the Author, and sold by Onwhyn, 4, Catherine-
street, Strand; Hap, 248, Regent-street, W. Marsh,l4s, Oxford-
street ; M.Pbus, irongate, Glasgow; Messrs. Sutherland, Calton-
street ; J. Chappell, 9S, Royal Exchange ; - and by all Booksellers
in town and *country.
MR. COCKLE'S A
PATRONIZ

NTII3ILIOUS PILLS.
D BY TILE
Bishop of Chester
Bishop of Bath and Wells
Bishop of Norwich
Bishop of Peterborough
Bishop of Ely
Bishop of Gloucester
Bishop of Chichester
Bishop of Worcester
Bishop of Hereford
Bishop of St. Asaph
Bishop of Bangor
Bishop of Llandaff
Bishop of Calcutta
Bight Hon. J. A. Murray, Lord
Advocate of Scotland
Right lion. R. C. Fergussen, M.P.
Right Hon. Poulett Thomson, M.P.
Hon. Sir Edward Cue, K.C.
Hon. Fox Malik, M.P.
Hon. Colonel Anson, M.P.
Sir Francis Burdett, Bart., M.P.
Sir Gerard Noel, Bart., M.P.
Sir Robert Grant, Bart.
Sir Henry Blake, Bart.
Sir Samuel Fludyei, Bart.
Sir Andrew Agnew, Bart.
Sir Robert Buxton, Bart.
Sir John Forbes, Bart.
Sir Philip B. V. Broke, K.C.B.
Sir John Tyrell, Bart., M.P.
Sir Henry Smyth, Ban , M.P.
Sir John Macdonald, K.C.8.,
Adjutant-General
Sir Thomas B Mash, K.B.
James PI. Wildman, Esq., Chilham
Castle
Col. Delap, Stoke Park, Surrey
Colonel '1 yn te, M. P.
Colonel Sibthorp, M.P.
Captain Pechell, M.P.
S. Grove Price, Esq.
Matthias Attwood, Esq., M.P.
Alderman Wood, M.P.
Alderman Thompson, M.P.
Charles Walker, Esq., M.P.
Mr. Serjeant Talfourd, M.P.
Mr. Serjeant Ludlow
Rev. Archdeacon of Colchester
Reverend Dr. Benson
Reverend Dr. Burney
Reverend Dr. Birch
Reverend Dr. Miller
Robert Renwick, Esq., M.D.
C. Waddy, Esq., late M.P., Dutsli.
John Hatchell, Esq., K.C.,Dubli.

Duke of Grafton
Duke .sf Manchester
Duke of Beaufort
Duke of Rutland
Duke of liluccletich
Duke of Sutherland
Duke of Devonshire
Marquis of Lansdowne
Marquis of Tavistock
Marquis of Ailesbury
Marquis of Blandford
Marquis of Winchester
Marquis of A bercorn
Earl of Eldon
Earl of Harrowby
Earl of Mulgrave
Earl of Mint*
Earl of Carnarvon
Earl of Errol
Earl of Mountcashel
Earl of Darlington
Earl of Kinneul
Earl of Guildford
Earl of Scarborough
Earl of Oxford
Earl of Thanet
Earl of Athlone
Earl of Roscommon
Earl Cowper
Earl Amherst
Earl of Leicester
Viscount Melbourne
Viscount Palmerston
Viscount Howick
Viscount Fordwich
Viscount Torrington
Viscount Canning
Viscount Alford
Viscount Acheson
Lord Arundel
Lord Ernest Bruce
Lord Redesdale
Lord Hill, Commander-in-Chie
Lord Plunket
Lord Murray
Lord Bentincx
Lord Fitzroy
Lord Middleton
Lord Barham
Lord Vernon
Lord Kinnaird
Lord Seymour
Lord Hartland
Lord Western
Lord Archbishop of Armagh
Bishop of Durham
And Numerous Families of 'the highest Respectability.
In all cases of Indigestion and Weakness of Stomach—in Flatulency
and Spasms—in Bilious or Sick Headache—in Affections of the Liver—
and as a Family. Aperient, the superior efficacy of these Pills is too well
known to require any comment. They are prepared by Mr. JAME;
COCKLE, Surgeon Extraordinary to Her Serene Highness the LAND.
GRAVINE of HESSE HOMBURG, and may be had of all respectable
Medicine Venders in Town and Country, in Boxes, at Is. lyyd., 2s. lid.,
4s. 6d. lie., and 225.
KT:Persons who have an aversion to the taste of Medicine may hays
Mr. COCKLE'S PILLS, beautifully SILVERED, which renders theni
perfectly tasteless.
18, New Ormond.stre2t, Bedford-to Loudon.

REMOVAL OF CATARACT AND BLINDNESS, BY A
NOVEL, PAINLESS, and VERY SKILFUL OPERATION.
qiIIE following authentic Letter, addressed to a
respectable weekly London Paper, on a most successful mode
of RESTORING SIGHT, is calculated to afford so much corn-
fort to every description of persons suffering under cataract, that
we think it cannot be too extensively diffused :

" TO THE EDITOR OF ITN OBSERVER.
" Sir,—l conceive that no apology will be considered necessary
for my calling, through your widely circulated journal, the public
attention to a point in which humanity is deeply interested, by the
reduction of mental distress, and the remedy of almost intolerable
evil. I allude to the improved system for the removal of cataract,
originated by Mr. Stevenson, of Margaret-street, Cavendish-
square, Oculist to his late Majesty, &c., and author of the very
valuable and popular work on Cataract; a mode of operation fully
confirmed in his extensive public and private practice, and sanc-
tioned by the highest authorities, whereby this important form of
blindness is bereft of its horrors, and the scientific operator
entitled to the admiration and thanks, not only of the
sufferers them:elves, but of the benevolent portion of the
community at large. The writer has had an opportunity
of becoming acquainted with two recent cases that have been
treated .by Mr. Stevenson, and both with the most de-
cided success. The first, that of a young gentleman, aged six
years, who had been born blind. In the hope that scientific means
might avail to remedy the defectof vision, an operation was under-
gone, but to no effect. Mr. Stevenson was at length consulted,
and under his treatment the cataract was removed, and the patient
obtained his sight. The second case is that of a young woman, who,
upwards of two years ago, encountered an accident by which a fork
penetrated the eye ; cataract ensued ; surgical advice was exhausted
in this instance also before the patient came under the care of
Mr. Stevenson, for whom it was reserved to extirpate the
superinduced disease, and to restore the afflicted individual
from utter darkness in the affected eye to all the blessings of
sight. But in this mode of treatment the remit, however excel-
lent, is not the only thing worth noticing ; the means through
which that result is obtained are equally calculated to call forth
surprise and pleasure. Hitherto, an operation' has been a word
of dread, a note of alarm ; but, by the means alluded to, it is de-
prived of all its terrors. Simplified to an almost inconceivable
degree, it scarcely occupies a minute's duration ; and the patient,
at its close, is sensible of so little pain or irritation that he can
hardly imagine, save from the effects, that the dreaded eradication
of bataract,has been performed. This perfection of surgical skill
(for so it undubitably is)—this relief to one of the most bitter evils
whereto poor humanity is amenable—has hitherto been too little
understood or known. If I should become an organ for the diffu-
sion of such really useful knowledge,' it will afford the highest
gratification to, Sir, your obedient servant, J. 0., 2, Welbeck-
street, Cavendish-square.--Nov. 24, 1837."

_
COUNTRY CORN MARKETS DURING THE WEEK.
Wheat. Barley. Oats. Beans. Pease.
Per Quarter. s. to a. a. s• s. to s. s. to s. s. to s.
Blandtord 52 CO 29 21 25 27 40 44
54 62 34 40 21 28 42 44
57 25 40 38
Chard 56 62 23 31 23 26 44 48 36 40
quntingdon-........ 46 (i 9 34 38 24 29 38 48
Long 5utt0n....,,.,. 28 39 10 20 30 34
53 58 25 32 20 i 5 32 42
52 63 22 31 16 fit) 30 32 32 34
4ewark 52 60 25 35 24 32 43 49 -. 36
4ottinghani 34 39 28 31 U) 28 35 42
t'eterboroni h 49 62 35 42 22 29 38 48
Plymouth 40 58 30 34 20 23
67 42 27 43
geaford 65 70 36 38 22 28 41 43
Uppinghcra 43 64 24 30 18 28 32 44
13 62 20 30 32
LEEos CORN MARKET. - Dec. 21

1.14:E0s CORN M.
Wheat, Norfolk and Sit:o,lk, (101 b
York. and Lincoln. 601 b
Barley, Norfolk and Sulll,lk
- Yorkshire and Lincolnshire
- Grinding
Beans 63lb.

595. to 58s.
50s. Le 565.
235. to 363.
255. to 3-Ig.
2.2 s to 245. ri
ISs. to 40s. g
.235. to `268.
Eng. I Id. to 112.1. per stone.
28:. to 30s. per load.
Forrigo. her Lot.

Oats, I'otatoe .
--Meltling, For. —ll. to—d
Shelling
Rapeseed, English. :IV. t 036/

1,11. W ES ,i 1 A [IKE B.—Dec. 26.
Beef .......... ..... ni. ea. to 4,3.44. I
Veal
Mutton 3 8 4 4 Pork 3 (1 4 6
A modenue supply.; the trade with prime Beef and Mutton rather
bill It.b..it otherwise dull.

Wide and devastating as has been the destruction caused by
this terrific fire, yet on making a survey of the surrounding
properties, and penetrating where possible into the ruins dur-
ing yesterday afternoon, it was a general matter of surprise
among those conversant with these matters that in so crowded
a neighbourhood, and stored so fully with combustible mate-
rials, the firemen should have been able to have arrested the
fire without its doing infinitely more damage. On this occa-
sion the two floating engines belonging to the London Fire
Establishment, rendered immense services. By the new float-
ing engines the fire was prevented passing westward of Davis's
upper wharf to the contiguous wharfs of Goulding and Brown,
in which were contained large stores of all kinds of merehan-
dize. On Brown's wharf was lying 1,200 casks of tallow,
with many other highly inflammable commodities. To the
east of the upper wharf, the fire was checked by the old flaat-
ing engine, assisted by the floating engines of the St. Katha-
rine's and the London-dock Companies. The floats also
proved of great service in saving the tiers of adjacent shipping,
which, from the furious blaze, and the frequent falling of burn-
ing materials, were often in danger.
At the time the fire broke out the tide had been ebbing some
time, so that the three brigs lying off the wharf had got fixed
in the mud, or the firemen would have got them into deep
water, and there, if necessary, have scuttled them.
The destroyed property consisted as follows :—first, of a
large wharf and buildings known as Davis's Upper Wharf.
At the back of the wharf is a narrow water-side street called
Piekle-herring,,,weet, and on the side of this street, opposite
'the wharf, eaten-34 lon►-fi eoritaieheeseaashgtenaries
these were bounded to the west by Potter's-fields, and after
running back a great depth were separated in the rear by a
narrow private carriage way, which, turning out of Potter's-
fields by the public-house known as the Phmnix and Crown,
passed round the block of buildings, and led out into Pickle-
herring-street, to the east of the upper wharf. The whole of
the premises comprehended within this wide area is burnt
with all their contents. There are very extensive naval stores
belonging to Messrs. Flockton and Co., only separated by the
private carriage-way from the destroyed oil and turpentine
stores, and th preservation of these is truly wonderful. The
exertions of the firemen were most praiseworthy. The scal-
ing ladders were raised in all directions, and the roofs and
side-walls cut into and brought down so as to smother and
keep down the intensity of the flames.
Immense crowds were collected on the occasion, not only
around the spot, but also on the bridges, and on the opposite
sides of the river, and the river for a great distance around
was crowded with spectators in boats, thus affording a brief
harvest to the poor watermen.
A gentleman of the name of Baddeley. appears to have
been among the first to discover the fire. He states, that he
was watching the rising of the sun from the top of Messrs.
Riddle and Co.'s patent pencil manufactory in the Black-
friars-road, when, amid the rich red hues that overspread the
eastern horizon, he perceived a remarkably distinct speck of
greater redness. He felt convinced it was produced by a fire,
and hurried to Southwark-bridge, where his opinion was
confirmed, and calling the engine-keepers at the adjacent sta-
tion he accompanied them to the scene of the fire, which, by the
time the engine could reach the spot presented a most magni-
ficant spectacle. Potters-fields, Pickle-herring-street, and
the private carriage way were covered with a surface of
blazing oil and turpentine, having an appearance such as
Mr. Baddeley says he never before witnessed ; it seemed
as if the stones were pierced with innumerable holes, through
which jets of bright gas flame were perpetually issuing. So
copious was the flow of oil and turpentine, that as fast as the
water plugs were opened they poured down, and the firemen
found their exertions half baffled, as the.strearns that for some'
time were thrown on the Sre consisted of oil and spirits mixed
with the water.
The fire was understood to have been occasioned by an ac-
cident in the oil and turpentine stores of Messrs. Curling and
Co. The men had gone to work as early as four o'clock in
the morning, and were lowering tiers of casks, mostly of tur-
pentine, having candles by which to see to work. By some
mischance a cask was burst, and the place was instantly in a
blaze. The men were compelled to hastily rush out of the
building, to save themselves.
The following is the official return made by the London Fire
Establishments of the damage and insurances, as far as could
be ascertained up to seven o'clock last night :
Messrs. Curling and Co., wharfingers, holding the exten-
sive property known as Davis's Upper Wharf.—Both the
land and water side premises destroyed. Insurances on the
buildings, Sun, 5,2001. ; Pimeaix, 5,2001. ; Guardian, 5,2001.;
on goods generally in the Imperial, 4,0001., and a specific in-
surance on wool in the same office of 1,0001., and another on
bark for 1,000/. in the Guardian.
Goulding and Co., granary-keepers.--A warehouse on the
land side destroyed, and another at the water side greatly &i-
-maged. The buildings are insured in the Guardian for
3,0001., and there are insurances in the Sun for stock, the
araGunt of which cannot be at present ascertained. Thu
Guardian has also an insurance for stack of 1,000/.
The vessels destroyed are :
The Sally, schooner, from Limerick, laden with potatoes
and stone.
The Dream, laden with wheat, and was to have sailed in a
day or two for Cherbourg.
The Victoria, brig, from Newfoundland, laden with oil and
stores. The owners of the Victoria are Messrs. Robinson
and Co., of Old Broad-street.
There were hired and paid on the spot by orders from Mr.
Braida ood, the Superintendent of the Fire Establishment,
not less, probably, than 1,000 men as auxiliaries. The new
float had 90 men employed in working her, the old float was
worked by about 70, and each of the floats lent by the St. Ka-
tharine's and the London Dock Companies required 60 men
to man them. To each land engine were 20 to 25 auxiliaries ;
so that allowing for relays the total number of men hired and
paid could not be less than 1,000.
A fire occurred on nearly the same spot about three years
and a half ago, when Goulding's wharf was wholly burnt
down, and that as Davis's greatly damaged.

Mr. NORMAN said it •had devolved on him to move the
second resolution. They were met in behalf of the Poles,
a brave and chivalrous nation, and it was with the feelings
of Englishmen accustomed to consider freedom as their
dearest right, they were met to advocate their cause that
evening. It should be borne in mind that the Polish nation
was neither a modern nor insignificant one. It dated even
from the sixth century of our era, and at that early period
they were in possession of a large share of liberty and civili-
zation. Its history ever since had presented a series of
troubles endured for the defence of freedom—the greatest of
all blessings, without which all others were worth nothing.
(Hear.) The object he had in view would be better un-
derstood by his reading it ,to the meeting first. Having
read it Mr. N. proceeded to notice the purposes and con-
stitution of the London Association, the proper appellation
of which was " The Literary Institution of the Friends of
Poland?' Its intention was to foster and keep alive a
spirit of independence among the exiled Poles. After
some further remarks Mr. Norman concluded a neat
speech by moving the second resolution.
'Mr. W. J. LITTLE said he could have wished that the
task of seconding this resolution had devolved on one
better able to do justice to its merits, and having stronger
claims on the attention. of the Meeting, But this was a
subject in which he conceived no one should be back-
ward. Indeed, so strongly identified was it with the
tOtered- caits:e of liberty, that silence, in his opinion, would
be almost criminal.—(Loud cheers.) For there was no
nee, he was sure, hying in this free, enlightened, and
civilised country, that did not at all times shudder at the
idea of cruelty and oppression—there was no one, who
gloried in .the name of Briton, and exulted, with becoming
pride, in his country's being the garden of liberty and the
land of freedom—(Cheers)—that could fail to sympathise
in the unmerited wrongs, and commiserate the downfal of
Poland.—( Loud cheering.) It was unnecessary for him to
give any sketch of the recent history of that unfortunate
country ; it was too well known to need any detail from
him. Her struggles for independence were too noble and
glorious, to have passed unnoticed by the large meeting
before him. And though the Government of the day
afforded her no countenance or relief in her last great effort
for independence, yet the cheers which accompanied her
early victories, and which echoed from one part of Poland
to the other, were warmly responded to by the English,
and re-echoed from the shores of Britain.—(Loud cheer-
ing.) He could furnish many details and affecting particu-
lars of the scenes of misery and woe which were mani-
fested during their last great struggle for freedom ; and he
could narrate affecting incidents, showing with what tena-
city the Polish veterans clung to their kindred and their
homes, ere they were transported to the inhospitable re-
gions of Siberil, there to perish as expatriated exiles—

" Unknelled, uneOffined, andr;known 1"
After detailing with equal trUth and eloquence the un-
fortunate relic of the nation that had found an asylum on
our shores, Mr. Little felt satisfied that such a detail
would be sufficient to arouse their sympathy. He next al-
luded to the shocking instance of barbarity that had been
exhibited by the Autocrat in exiling all those who had
ever wielded the sword in the cause of their country's
liberty. in banishing to Siberia the nobles and veterans of
Poland. Yes ! (continued Mr. Little) the tyrant felt that
he was not safe in his Palace, while a single child of those
heroes remained in freedom, while one infant remained who
could trace in his line some portion of the blood of Kos-
ciusko. He knew that though the fathers might have
perished, there was not one of those infants, but when he
arrived at years of maturity, would pant to revenge his
wrongs.—(Cheers.) Mr. 'Little concluded a speech, to
which our space prevents us doing justice, by seconding
the resolution, observing that if he were called on to display
the objects of which their country might most justly boast, he
should not point to their nobleharbour, where floated a proud
navy, an armament that had gained for England the Empiie
of the Sea—he should not point to their great Metropolis,
with all its wonders of wealth and luxury, nor to the Flag
which had been so often ennobled by Irictory, and stained
with the blood of its heroes—but he would rather point to
our Institutions for the relief of sickness, and destitution,
and misery—to the band of ardent Missionaries who were
engaged in spreading the Gospel in every climate of the
Earth—from the tropics to the poles—to the labours of a
Wilberforce, that led to the -downfall of Colonial slavery--
he would rather point to meetings like the present one, in
which were advocated the principles of liberty at home and
abroad, which would show the despot of Russia that if Eng-
land had slept once, she was awakened now, that she had
joined in an effort to redeem the sons and daughters of Po-
land from worse than Egyptian bondage, and would assure

the small relic of Polish heroes that those here among us
only await the time when they shall join them again—once
more to assert the common rights of their countrymen.—
(Loud cheers.) lie felt great pleasure in seconding the
resolution.

Major CAMPBELL said they must bear in mind that the
Poles were not suffering now from any political dissension
among themselves in their own unhappy country. It was
not as if one political party there had risen up and expelled
the other—the case was diametrically opposite, they were
suffe.itg under a foreign despotism, for Russia was as much
a foreign country with regard to Poland, as she would be
to England. Unhappily, they had been distracted by
their own political disputes, as we were among ourselves,
but he hoped that whatever might be the opinion of men
as to how this great country was to be governed,
yet, if a foreign aggressor arose, Whig, . Radical, and
Tory would unite heart and hand to thrust him out.
In the House of Commons Daniel O'Connell designated
the Autocrat by his proper name, " the Miscreant Nicho-
las,"—(Cheers)—be responded to the seatinient with.all
his heart, and considered " Miscreant" too mild a term for
the ruffian, for one, to whom, in the language of a French
philosopher, the Abbe La Menne, " it remained to discover
a crime before unknown to humanity." He hoped the ob-
ject of the present meeting would not be lost sight of, that
of affording relief to the unhappy Polish Patriots who had
come for a refuge to this country. The speaker then se-
verely censured the Prussian Government, both in regard
to its conduct to distressed Poland, and in the recent affair
of the Archbishop of Cologne, whom it had dragged from
his palace and exiled, because he refused to act in contra-
diction to the spirit of religious freedom, by performing the
ceremony of marriage between Catholics and Protestants,
without exacting any pledge as to what religion the children
of such marrirges should be brought up in. After again
briefly alluding to the proscription of six hundred women,
ordered by the Emperor, the gallant Major concluded by
expressing his confidence that the appeal of the• Poles would
be responded to by the whole nation.
N. DOWNS, Esq., in seconding one of the resolutions
said—the eloquent address of some of the speakers, and the
distressing details which had been placed before them, must.
have excited sympathy for their sorrows, as well as a deter-
mination to assist them to the best of their abilities. It
was a subject that came home to the breastof every English-
man. He thought they were all under great obligations to
those gentlemen who had prepared the proceedings, and
been the means of calling this meeting. He was glad, te.43,
to see that it had been done principally by the young ..nen
of the town. He could assure his young friends they had
done great honour to themselves ; and they might rely on
it, it was an action which to the end of their lives would
procure them their own self-esteem.
This resolution was then put from the chair and carried.
Mr. TRIPE proposed that a Committee of Ladies be
formed. It was also decided that the gentlemen who had
signed the requisition should form a Committee, of whom
five should be a quorum.
'Mr. MAY said he regretted basing been absent, but he
could not avoid coming forward at this late hour to second;
the motion for the appointment of a Committee of Ladies,
for the purpose of affording relief to the distressed Poles.
He had had the honour of serving in the Polish ranks. He
could testify that the ladies of Poland had not been behind
its gallant sons, in their late struggle. It was true that
nature had deprived them of the power of carrying arms
against the enemy, but on all occasions they had manifested
equal zeal and courage, as far as nature had allowed them
to display it. In the hospitals of Warsaw, crowded with
12,000 sick and wounded, there were to be seen the ladies—
the rich and noble of the land—engaged in administering-
comfort to the afflicted. In the cause of liberty they also
contributed largely to the public coffers, and at last free
sacrificed their ornaments of gold tind silver to the ex:gen-
cies of the State. It was with pleasure he would produce,
:to the
Poland, weehtiienhg itiolftittielearymoslil
ladies. It was but small. but they were produced in gi eat
was coi~,e~t
numbers ; we.% one. of the last which poor Poland ever
rotintlsitean P
ear-ringsd with
i~iiglslnc hope that it would not be the final one ? He
stamped with tier national emblem—the White Eagle.
.begged to second the proposition.
A subscription list was then commenced, and filled up ear
the au.iount of 281. before it left the platform.
N. DowsrE, Esq., was called to the Chair while a vote
of thanks was passed to the Mayor, which was briefly ao-
knoNNledged, and the assembly disrrsed.
