The Berlin State Gazette of the 3d instant has the fol-
lowing from Stockholm of the 26th :—" The cholera begins
gradually to decline, after having ravaged the capital for
many weeks past, so that it is confidently expected to cease
in a short time. The number of deaths has amounted to
more than 3,00f.',, as many as in ordinary times die in the
course of a 'year." The Gazette quotes the funds at Ber-
lin on the 2d, 4 per Cents., cash, 99 ; paper 99f.
Extractof a private letter of the 18th ult. from Lublin
" Every journey of the Emperor Nicholas is proceeded or
followed by rigorous measures. 'Ukases succeed each other
which smite our nationality, and would destroy the very
memory of our names. Money, recently coined at Warsaw,
bears the Russian inscription by the side of the Polish. An
ordinance of the 4th of August, relative to persons amen-
able to Muscovite jurisdiction in Poland, and those amen-
able to Polish jurisdiction in Russia, destroys a guarantee
consecrated by the fundamental bases of legislation and
Polish property ; and the same may be said of equality be-
fore the law and the independence of the judges. All now
passes through the hands of Paskewitsch; the Code Napo-
lean has been banished, and barbarism takes the place of
civilization. By an ukase of the 9th of August, Polish
stamped paper is prohibited, and all public acts will hence-
forth be written on Russian paper, sent from St. Petersburg
and Moscow. By an ukase of the 22d of last April, a
new blow was struck at the Catholic religion, and the Pope
who wept bitterly on account of the decisions formed by
Don Pedro in Portugal, remains tranquil as to what is going
on in Poland. He raises no voice in defence of religion,
at whose head he is placed. Now that M. Novosilzoff is
both President of the Suoreme Council of the Empire and
of the Counva -Miniaters, despotic pursued
without respite. The independent European press had
frequently denounced the conduct of the Russian police
towards Polish " ladies. The press paid by the police
of the Holy Alliance talks of calumny, and attempts
to deny the charge, but we have the melancholy assurance
that women are imprisoned for alleged political offences,
and some of these offenees are mere works of charity.
An order of Paskewitsch of the 12th ult. granted a deceit-
ful amnesty to 61 persons. Twelve women were included
in the number. Our intercourse with our emigrant country-
men is impeded by all the means which despotism can In-
vent, and it is with difficulty that we can procure publica-
tions relative to our country. The Nowa Polska and the
Tygodnek, that we are so eager to read, are strictly for-
bidden, but the Government spreads with profusion a paper
entitled Kronika Em-Pol. The aristocracy and its organs
ally themselves easily with absolutism."
The Empress of Russia has lately conferred upon the
Queen of Sweden the insignia of the Order of St. Catherine.
The Soler of Nauplia of September the Ist has an
article, the object of which is to prevent the false and unjust
sentiments which may be entertained in Europe as to the
late disturbances in the Pelopennesus. It declares that the
political dissensions in Greece bear no more serious cha-
racter than those which exist in every country. It asserts
that the majority of the people are Constitutionalists—
lovers of order and promoters of the welfare and prosperity
of their country. They are, in fact, like the Whigs of
London and Liberals of Paris, members of that groat uni-
versal family which is urgently endeavouring to secure to
the world a futurity of peace and happiness. It admits
that Greece has her retrogade party, under the name of
Nappists, composed of men without character er principle,
who, like the Feodalists, the Carlists, and the Miguelites,
regretting the loss of their former domination over the
people, seek for masters who will become oppressors
in their turn, and are at the command of any ono
who may entertain the project of overthrowing the
present Government, and reducing Greece once more
to subjection and slavery. The Soter also allows that
Greece has her intriguers, who, though they may have
an injurious influence, are men without any root in the
country—without patriotism, without principle, having
no other resources than babbling and intrigue, and, in•fact,
no foundation whatever for their plans of disorganization.
This journal, then, maintains that the great body of the
people had no concern in the late insurrection, which had
much less importance than had been attached to it. It was,
it says, the work of the intriguers, who were led to go much
further than they themselves intended. The Nappists also
played their part, and seduced some miserable beings to
join them. But the Soter denies that these unfortunate
circumstances can warrant an accusation of inconstancy
against all Greece, and indignantly asserts that, from the
day on which the King set foot on the soil, the love and
enthusiasm displayed by the people have never been dimi-
nished ; not a single word of hatred or contempt against his
person or his acts has been uttered, and the Nappists them-
selves cannot raise even a handful of men without making
use of his name, or induce a single peasant to take up arms
without making him believe that it is in the cause of the
Monarch. The journal concludes by stating that the late
disturbance was the last struggle between the two: princi-
ples which divide the world. The past and the future were
at issue, with this difference to the advantage of Greece.
that the party of the future—the national and constitutional
party---is the most powerful in number, in energy, and in
talent ; that it predominates on the throne in the person of
the King, in the Ministry, and those employed in all the
branches of the Administration, and must therefore, in the
end, inevitably be triumphant.
FRENCH FUNDS.—Peato, Om°.
Five per Cents., 105f.Kle 75c. 80c.
Four per Cents., inf. 25c.
Three per Cents., 78f sa 10c. 20c..
Bank ACtiOng, 1,78!.f.
Rente do Naples, Rit: 951. 9.-sc. 981.
Roman Five per Centaa
Rente d'Eqxigne Five per Cents., 43 49.6 43X,
Rente d'EsvagPTZ Three per Cel'Ut. 28Si
Royal SP."..dn Loan, 24. 11,5.4 25.
yerpet. d'Espagne, rive per Ceuta., 4.3 421, 44,
Belgian Loan, Five per Conte, 9,)%mk.
Haytian Loan, 202 f 50c. _ssf,
EXCVANOB oN Lormori.
me month, paper, 251.:12Yge.; money,
Three months, paper, 2.51. be. ; money,
--(Ours Autheolique.

Powis Castle is receiving the usual number of *-
tants—Sir Watkin and Lady Harriet Williams Wynn, and the
other families of note in Wales This edifice and tke domains
astonish strangers by their peculiar magnibence.
