Lord HOLLAND said he would beg to observe that un-
less some decicion was come to which would permit such
petitions to be received, he would take exceptions to any that
would come before their Lordships.--( Hear, hear, hear.)
It was the rule of that House not to print any petitions
presented to it, and it would be monstrous if they did
not print petitions presented to them, that they should receive
petitions which were printed.----( Hear. ) This question was
therefore a more important question than at first sight it ap-
peared, and was one on which a decision should be come to in
one way or the other ; for he could not understand how the
rule of the House could be got rid of by an understanding or a
mere conversation over the table.

Lord L there was no order against the
reception ofprinted petitions, and hundreds and thousandsof them
had been presented on the subject of the abolition of slavery, and
the underatanding under which this occurred was just as much
an order as that alluded to by the Noble Baron, as there was
no written order on the subject.
The petition was then presented and received.
A Right Rev. PRELATE then presented a petition from
a parish in Oxford, the prayer of which he stated was not only
that Church-rates should not be abolished, but that their Lord-
ships would enforce the existing law respecting them.
The Earl of RADNOR presented petitions in favour of the
abolition of Church-rates.

Lord WODE HO USE presented petitions from Suffolk,
praying for the reduction of the duty Fire Insurance. Also,
a petition from Waltham against the abolition of Church-rates.
POOR LAWS.

Lord STRADBROKE presented petitions from Suffolk
in favour of the new Poor Law Bill. The Noble Lord cor-
dially concurred in the prayer of the petition, as he considered
the Poor Law Bill had been productive of the best effects. In
one of the parishes from which one of the petitions came,
there were sometime since no less than 600 families receiving
parochial relief; at the present moment there were very few,
if any.

Lord DUNCANNON laid on the table the Report of the
Inspectors of Factories.

Lord STRANG FO RD presented a petition from the ship-
bread bakers of the town of Liverpool, complaining that the
foreign corn in bond was converted into biscuits for ships.
Lord MELBOURNE said that he was not acquainted with
the facts stated in the petition, but would inquire into them.
The Bills on the table were forwarded a stage, and the
House adjourned to Monday.
