MA RLBORO U GH-STREET.

Mr. Grist, the overseer of St. George, Hanover-
square, communicated to the Magistrate that Dr.
de Sanctos, who had been btought to this office some
months ago, charged with an attempt to commit sui-
cide, and was then committed to the care of the
officers of St. Pancras parish, where his settlement
properly belongs, bad agai❑ made an attempt at self-
destruction on Tuesday night, by throwing himself
headlong into the Serpentine River in klyde-park.
Fortunately, however, a❑ alarm of the circumstance
Was timely given by some passers-by to the persons
:belonging to the Humane Society, • who very.
protpptly went to the Doctor's assistance, and suc-
ceeded in preserving his life; after which they re-
hifived him to the workhouse of St. Georg►e's parish,
where he at present is ; and it would be again neces-
sary, Mr. Grist said, to remove, by a regular order,
the doctor to St. Pancras, his own parish, where, it
appears, he had for many years lived in affluence,
and kept up a handsome house and establishment.
It was in November last that this unhappy gen=
tleman before attempted to destroy himself by
cutting his throat with a razor.
This unfortunate gentleman, Dr. de Sanctos,
whose mind, it is feared, is in a greatly impaired
state, arising from disappointments in life and pecu-
niary embarrassments, was for many years phy,ician
to the Prussian Embassy in this country, and then
moved in a very elevated circle of society, and he
was always esteemed as a man of great professional
skill; and a humane and kind-hearted gentleman.

UNITED STATES.

(Fromthe Savannah Mercury.)

At a Council of the Chiefs, heat' men, and
warriors of the Creek nation, convened by autho-
rity, the Talk of the President was communi-
cated by the Agent. After a profound silence
of many minutes duration, Speckled Snake, a
warrior, whose head was whitened with the frosts
of more than a hundred winters, and who sup-
ported himself on the shoulders of two young
men, it is supposed arose, and spoke as fol-
lows :
Brothers ! We have heard the Talk of our
great father ; he is very kind ; he says he loves
his red children.

Brothers ! I have listened to many Talks
from our great father. When he first came over
the wide waters he was but a little man, and
wore a red coat. Our Chiefs met him on the
banks of the river Savannah, and smoked with
him the pipe of peace. He was very little. His
legs were cramped by sitting long in his big
boat, and he begged for a little land to light his
fire on. He said he had come over the wide
waters to teach Indians new things, and to make
them happy. He said he loved his red bro-
thers ;he was very kind. The Museogees gave
the white man land, and kindled him a fire, that
he might warm himself; and when his enemies,
the pale faces of the South, made war on him,
their young men drew the tomahawk, and pro-
tected his head from the scalping knife. But
when the white man had warmed himself before
the Indian's fire, and filled himself with their
hominy, he became very large. With a step he
bestrode the mountains, and his feet covered
the plains and the valleys. His hands grasped
the eastern and the western sea, and his head
rested on the moon. Then he became our great
father. He loved his red children, and he said,
" Get a little farther, lest I tread on thee." With
one foot he pushed the red man over the Oco-
nee, and with the other he trampled down the
graves of his fathers, and the forests where he
had so long hunted the deer. But our great
father still loved his red children, and he soon
made to them another Talk ; he said, " Get a
little farther, you are too near me." But there
were some bad men among the Muscogees then,
as they are now. They lingered around the
graves of their ancestors till they were crushed
beneath the heavy tread of our great father, their
teeth pierced his feet and made him angry. Yet
he continued to love his red children, and
when he found them too slow in moving, he sent
his great guns before him to sweep his path.
Brothers ! I have listened to a great many
Talks from our great father; but they always
began and ended with this—" Get a little farther,
you are too near me."
Brothers ! Our great father says, that " where
we now are, out white brothers have always
claimed the land." He speaks with a straight
tongue, and cannot lie. But when he first came
over the wide waters, while he was yet small, and
stood before the Great Chief at the Council on
Yamacraw Bluff, he said, " Give me a little
land, which you can spare, and I will pay you
for it."

Brothers ! When our great father made us a
Talk on a former occasion, and said, « Get a
little farther; go beyond the Oconee, the Oc-
mulgee, there is a pleasant country—he also
said, it shall be yours for ever." I have listened
to his present talk, he says, the land where you
now live is not yours—go beyond the Missis-
sippi ; there is game, and you may remain while
the grass grows or the water runs. Brothers,
will not our great father come here also ? He
loves his red children. He speaks with a straight
tongue, and will not lie.
Brothers ! Our great father says that our bad
men have made his heart bleed, for the murder
of one of his white children. Yet where are
the red children which he loves, once as numer-
ous as the leaves of the Forest ? how many have
been murdered by his warriors ? How many
have been crushed beneath his own footsteps ?
Brothers! Our great father says we must go
beyond the Mississippi. We shall be there
under his care, and experience his kindness. He
is very good. We have felt it all before.
Brothers ! .I have done. _

After the possession of the coarsest food, ,
irothing seems more necessary than fire to ena',le•
!nail to preserve his existence; and you w rcN
probably as much astonished as the author" -
from whom I quoted the fact in my last lecture„
to learn, that men were once ignorant of the::
uses of fire, and the means of obtaining it...
Every nation now on the earth is, I believe, ac-
quainted with the principal uses of fire, and ob-
tains it readily. We pr.ocure it so easily that
we are rather careful to extinauish than to pre-
terve it ; but, in Ancient Kome, some of thc-
choicest of its maidens, under the name of
Vestals, were appointed to cherish ant? keep alive
the sacred flame. When our knowledge of this;
custom begins indeed the necessity for it had
pased away ;- but as customs are frequently- con-
tinued even after the circumstances which gave,
birth to them arc forgotten, there can be no•
doubt that the practice of preserving fire, which:

was common to many ancient nations, and was
I consecrated as a religious rite, arose from the
difficulty they previously experienced in obtain—
ing it. Such a custom is another proof of the
very rude and ignorant state of mankind before-
their records begin.
I do not mean to describe the extent of our.
knowledge on this subject, the number of arts
which depend on the use of fire, or the great
tasks man has achieved with its assistance. The
most destructive, perhaps, of all agents, when it;
escapes the bounds he prescribes, as long as the
complete mastery over it remains in his hands,
it is not less benevolent than powerful. By it
he softens the hardest metals, and imparts so
gentle a warmth to the air of his dwelling, ti • t
it resembles during winter the genial breath of
spring. Like the eternal fire which is supposed
to exist in the bowels of the earth, he keeps it
raging in his furnaces, unextinguished for years
together, scorching and melting the materials of
the solid globe ; and he strikes out a hasty
spark that serves the purpose designed, and
disappears at the very moment it is produced.
He divides it into such minute portions, that
one of them will not affect the easily irritated
sensibility of a sick lady, nor disturb her
slumbers, while it secures her from total dark-
ness ; or he collects it into masses, and re-
flects it many miles over the ocean, so as to
form for the mariner, bewildered amidst rocks

and shoals, a guide equal to the heavenly light
of day. These things are now done by all the
people of Europe. The beam that is the
seaman's beacon by night, is dispersed from the
Pharos at Messina, in Sicily, the most ancient
light-house, perhaps, as well as from the Eddy-
stone, near Plymouth, one of the most beautiful
specimens of modern art. As you probably know,
this is a high tower built on the pinnacle of a nar-
row rock, which is covered by the flood in the
midst of a tempestuous ocean, and surpasses,
as much 'by the skill employed in erectinL, it, as
by the utility of its purposes, the most splendid
monuments that have been handed down to us
of the most glorious periods of antiquity. When
historians, and mere antiquarians, and amateurs
of the Fine Arts, who seem only to delight in
what gives a momentary pleasure to such as are
already bloated and satiated with indulgence—
when any of these persons, who, in general, look
only at the rude materials with which the spirit
of man works, take note of the yet existing Go-
thic edifices, erected by the piety or superstition
of our ancestors—when they look at the vast
ruins of some ancient temples or palaces, or are
lost in admiration at beholding the graceful
forms bequeathed to us by the ancient sculptors
—or when they contemplate the enormous tombs
of the Egyptian Kings, that were never of any
use either to the living or the dead, they arc
generally weak enough to mourn over the decay
of human genius. Either they do not know, or
they forget, that these admired productions, ex-
cept the mere plans and designs, were all exe-
cuted by the hands of slaves. Rude but stupen-
dous exertions, the tasked and forced labour' of
a whole nation directed to gratify the vanity of
one man, or build up some proud memorial of
slavery or superstition ; which has been permitted
to descend to our times, as a warning, we may
devoutly hope, against embracing the errors or
the system it was erected to commemorate ; rude
but stupendous exertions certainly distinguish
the former ages of the world from the present
age, which is, I think, advantageously known,
by consummate art and skill directed in the great
majority of cases, as in the power loom and in
the safety lamp, to gratify the wants or ensure
the safety of the meanest individual. The Ed-
dystone Light House, intended to warn all who
sail on the deep against a great danger, and the
Pyramids of Egypt to guard the mummies of a
few Kings—a spinning mule and a power loom
to make shirting for all the world and a frieze•
carved temple, representing the blood-stained
triumphs of one nation and the ruin of another,
with " a golden statue sixty cubits in height,"±
the bauble of a tyrant, seem to me the appro-
priate emblems of modern civilization and of an-
cient greatness. If you so associate them in
your minds—regarding the happiness of man-
kind as more important than the vanity of their
rulers—you never will like those persons who
read only Greek, and see nothing in all the glo-
rious community of the civilized world, to com-
pare with the monuments of ancient art, but the
gaudy gridiron palaces of its Sovereign and the
unmeaning towers of its ancient superstition, in-
dulge yourselves in weak and foolish lamentations
over the decay of the power of the skill and of
the genius of mankind. That race, indeed, half
gods, half heroes, who required a district for a
dwelling-place, and a city for a tomb, has passed
away ; the errors and the systems that elevated
them to greatness have also sunk into oblivion ;
but their place is supplied by myriads of human
beings, equal in rights and in power, and supe-
rior to them in enjoyments ; and by a system
which, partaking of the characteristics of our
God, makes not one man, but the whole of man-
kind, the object of its care.

• Goguet. Origin of Laws. t See Daniel, chap 3, v. 1.

PATRIOTIC BIRDS.----Great efforts are
making already for the next election of President of the
United States, which does not take place till 1833. Mr.
ADAMS has retired altogether into private life ; the rival
candidate to the present possessor will be Mr. CLAY, who
very ably filled the office of Secretary of State under the
late Government. He is visiting his friends in different
parts of the Union, where public dinners are given to him.
A remarkable incident is stated to have happened at a
rural festival recently held in the vicinity of a newly_
founded manufacturing village, which had not, up to that
time, received a name. After the feast, it was solemnly
christened Clayville, in honour of their distinguished
guest, on whom an orator also delivered a panegyric, in.
which he predicted that " HENRY CLAY would be called
by the voice of his countrymen from the shades of retire-
ment, to fill the first office in their gift." Just as he ut-
tered this prophecy, the birds in an adjoining grove poured
forthued d
auring h
chorus
toef
remainder delightful
01; harmony, ony,
evening which
so talttere
as, ct the
veracious ot in
veracious narrator of the transaction assures the Ameri6a
pall& •

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(Front the Message,- des Chambre of Monday, Aug. 3.)

SECOND EDITION.

PARIS, AUG. 3, NOON.—Letters from Corfu, stat-
ing the very 'decided advantages which the Greeks
in Livadia have obtained in the last half of June,
add, that the military chiefs have resolved to attack
the island of Negropont. It is thought that the
English cruisers will oppose the execution of the
design ; but it is equally believed that the Greek
Government will do its utmost to extend its fron-
tiers on the continent to the Gulfs of Arta and
Volo, and to add to their state the island of Negro-
pont. It is affirmed that Count Capo d'lsteia has
.instructed his marine to follow op the advantages
already ga;.red, in order to secure the future pros-
perity the country ; and in case the English fleet
take measures to oppose them, the Greek
comr.nanders are ordered to declare that Greece is
no' at war with England ; and if this is not suffi-
cient, they are ordered to strike their flag, and to
give themselves up as prisoners of war, with their
crews, to the English. Such conduct might cause
a little embarrassment to the British Cabinet, but
would in the end be prejudicial to Greece, if Eng-
land is resolved to support the declarations it has
made, that it will not permit any military operation
of the Greeks beyond the frontiers of the Morea
and the Cyclades, which the three Powers have re-
ceived under their protection.
OSTEND, JULY 27.—1 t seems that the loan con-
tracted for by the Emperor Don Pedro at Rio de
Janeiro is to be paid in Europe,and that out of these
funds the emigrants will be continued to be paid,
and the affairs of Portugal to be conducted. Several
Portuguese superior officers who have taken refuge
here have received letters from Rio, in which they
are assured that the Emperor has promised never to
abandon the cause of his daughter, and consequently
theirs.

(From the Gazette de France, Aug. 4.)

Letters from Naples say,that his Majesty the King
of the Two Sicilies will accompany his daughter to
the Court of Spain.

(From the Journal du Commerce of Monday. )

TANGIER, JULY 13.—The Governor of this place
has received orders not to admit the new Spanish
Consul, unless he brings the sum which the Em-
peror claims, and Spain has promised, as an indem-
nity for goods belonging to Moors seized on board a
Maroquin ship captured by Spanish cruisers; like-
wise a sum to pay the debts of the late Spanish
Consul, Mr. Orne, and 1,000 piasters besides, which
the present Consul owes. The Austrian squadron
has been reinforced by a 60-gun frigate, but the Em-
peror will not hear of proposals for an accommoda-
tion between the two powers.

FRENCH FUNDS, PARIS, AUG. 3.—Five per Cents.,
109 f., 80e. 40e. ; Three per Cents., 81f. 55c. 60e. 20c.
10c. Blf. ; Bank Stock, 1,850 f. ; Naples Stock, 871.
40c. ; Royal Spanish Loan, 74if. ; Spanish Rentes Per-
petuelles, 454. Exchange on London, one month, 251.
55c. ; three months, 25f. 40c.—fours Authentique.

PRICES OF STOCKS THIS
Hank Stock
3 per Cent. Red. ...... 8914
3 per Cent. C0ni.......... ... 88%.%
34. per Cent. 9S%
Ditto Red: 981,.'t%
t per Cent. lo2q'A
Ditto, 1526
Ditto Scrip
flank L. Ann.
India Stock ..............X -
Ditto Ponds 59 58 pm.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Neapolitan

Brazilian Bonds 55%3,4 !Pertivian Bonds
Buenos Ayres Bonds —:l'ortuguese Bonds
nilian Bonds — Prussian, Old

Colombian B4nds ..... ........ Ditto, New —
Uato, 1824
Danish 60% li ',6 Spanish, 1821 B3.
Greek Bonds lB'l

Ditto, 1825 — French Rentes, sp. c. —f. —c.
Guatimala — Exchange —f. —c.
Mexican Bonds ...... 3 per cent. —t —c.

Ditto,
_1825 — Ekchangc —f. —c.

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAT AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Antzto Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 51. pm.) £lOO
Ditto Subscription
Brazilian Imp. Sim. (iss. at Si. pm.) £2O
Real del Monte Mining Co.

6%
70% 71
62V,

PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS, DUBLIN, AUG. 3.
Bank Stock

Consols, 3 per cent. -
Gov. Stock, 3M per cent. 9714 National Ditto —
Ditto,, New — Patriotic Ditto —
4 per Cent. 10256 ~ Hibernian Bank —
Gov. Deb. 3!,,," percent.... 97% Provincial Ditto —
Royal Canal Stock — Royal Irish Mine —
Grand Canal Stock --' Imperial Mine —
City Deb. 4 per cent —l Mining Co. of Ireland —
Ballast Office Deb. 4p. c. —' Commercial Buildings —

Arrived. Due. Arrived. Due.
I America 0 0 Hamburgh 1
O Brazil
O Buenos Ayres 0 0 Jamaica
1 Dublin 0 0 Leeward Islands ... 0
O Flanders 1 0 Lisbon 0
1 . France 0 0 Malta 0
O Gottcnburgh 0 0 Mexico
2 G uernsey &Jersey.. 0 1 Waterford 0

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE TO-MORROW.
Morning ...29 minutes after fi. I Evening ...St minutes after 6

THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE,

STRAND.
THIS EVENING will be presented
THE ROBBER'S BRIDE.
The Count of Viterbo, Mr. H. Phillips ;
Fernando, Mr. Sapio ; Roberto, Mr. Perkins.
Laura, Miss Betts; Gianetta, Miss Cawse.
After which
LYING MADE EASY.
Mr. Swallow, Sir. Bartley; Henry Swallow, Mr. Thorne;
F lam, Mr. Wrench.
Mrs. Swallow, Miss Gray; Sophia, Miss Cawse.
'To conclude with

MASTER'S RIVAL; OR, A DAY AT BOULOGNE.
Sir Colley Cowmeadow, Mr. Bartley ;
Peter Shack, Mr. Wrench ; Paul Shack, Mr. Keeley.
Tibby Postlethwaite, Mrs. Keeley.

To-morrow, The Sergeant's Wife, with Gretna Green, and
Der Freischuetz.
