tileiit look to the correctness which the kindred mono-
poly of Bible-printing has produced: The Bibleb
printed by the Royal Patentees-as all
bibles Withatt
notes must be.--are not only much dearer, but ten
tithes more abundant in errors than those with notes
printed by others.

The Manchester Guardian of Saturday, acting, of
course, under the immediate influence of the President
of the Board of Trade, repeats the silly attack which
days
itisince,ghtHo„. for exposing the
Gentleman.
Articles furnished by order of the Board of Trade,
officialit made
incapacitylon us,
a o f few
that
though pretty numerous, are proverbial for dulness,
and therefore we are not surprised to find the Editor of
the Guardian writing as if under the influence of a
potent soporific. The Guardian appears to know
very little about Mr. POULETT THOMSON, either
as a Member of Parliament or a Minister—of
the purport of any one of his Bills our Con-
temporary clearly understands not one syllable ;
but he knows that we denounced the policy
of the " young Baltic merchant," and feeling
that it would be an easier task to assail us with point-
less ribaldry than to venture upon a defence of his pa-
tron's legislative abortions in the shape of Trade Bills,
he affects to be mightily indignant at the style of certain
articles which appeared in The Sun. Now the real
fact is, that the Guardian is as convinced
as we are
of the incompetency of Mr. POULETT THOMSON
to f l the important office which he at present occu-
pies in the Cabinet ; and, were it not for reasons to
which we may hereafter have occasion more,
directly to allude, would unite with us in re-
commending the Liberal electors of Manchester
to choose some more fitting representative at the next
general election. In the meantime, we have no inten-
tion of being diverted from our original purpose, which
was to keep the President of the Board of Trade's
Ministerial doings prominently be fore the public. No
part of his official career shall escape our notice ; and
that the Guardian may have timely-warning, his re-
puted connexion with some of the'inore prominent
organs of the Liberal party stands a great chance of
not being entirely overlooked.
F •

:i'or the reflecting Protestant people- of England the
Popish spirit and love of Papal doctrines which prevail
amongst many of the Clergy of the Established Church
are calculated to excite alarm, How can the Protes-
tant congregations be assured that,they do not listen
every Sunday to one of the converts to. the Church of
Rome, who are now numerous in the Church of Eng-
land ? Wolves in sheep's clothing. ,aboundo-as. has
been stated in- Parliament, and proved in more th au-
one periodical journal. Thus did ihe good Bisop
NORIVICII, too, describe these Papal Protestants in his
h of
late visitation discourse, in order to put the people on
their guard ,
Need I remind you, my Reverend Brethren, that we hare
within our pale, and within `our own Church, opinions of an
almost endless variety, and of almost every shade—Calvinists
and Armenians—and who can differ more essentially than
these ? Many there are who follow the doctrines of the early
Reformers, taking the Bible as the rule of faith ; others who
have recently sprung up, whose zeal, learning, and piety at-
tract great attention, and on the points of Divine authority, the
Sacramental elements, and the priestly powers vested in the
Clergy, approach so near to the doctrines of the Church of
Rome, that it very difficult to trace any distinction whatever.
These men have all the seal of self-made converts,
they are untired in preaching and instructing, very
cautious how they offend, and bid fair, under the
guise of Clergymen of the Established Church, to
convert large numbers of the people to the doctrines of
the Church of Rome. After all the struggles of our
fathers to obtain religious liberty, the present condition
of our people is, that they are covertly betrayed into
religious slavery, and covertly carried back to the
errors of Romanism by the Divines of Oxford.

The Paris Journals of Friday have all been received.
The nu.-- they bring is of importance not only to
France but. to v.urope. At three o'clock on Friday
afternoon the Duchess sr ORLEANS was safely deli-
vered of a Prince, upon whom the I(T.NG has cQoitylfEerErNed,
the title of Count of PARIS. The
Duke of ORLEANS, the Ministers, several :Via,. t-lis
of France, and nearly all the great Officers of State, in-
cluding the Presidents of the Chambers of Peers and
Deputies, were in attendance. The discharge of 101
guns announced the joyful event to the good
poople of Paris, who forthwith crowded in thou-
sands to the Tuilleries, to congratulate by their
cheers the Royal Family upon the happy occa-
sion. The Prince was privately baptized by the
Archbishop of PARIS, by the names of Louts
PHILIPPE ALBERT of ORLEANS ; but having copied
into another part of The Sun a full account of this
joyful event from Galignani's Messenger, we take
leave to refer our readers to it for all further parti-
culars. We cordially congratulate the Royal Family
and the people of France upon the prospect which
the birth of the Count of PARIS holds out of the in•
creased stability of a dynasty which perpetuates the
triumph of the sovereignty of the people.
The subjoined extracts from the Paris journals of
Friday and Saturday contain all that is important in
the way of news to be found in their columns
The Sentinelle des Pyrenees has the following news

" FRONTIERS OF NAVARRE, AUG. I.—By an-order of Ge-
neral Maroto, dated the 12th, all governors and commanders
of forts, in the vicinity of Estella, and of the lines of that town
as far as Los Arcos and Maneru, are enjoined under pain of
death to resist the enemy in case of an attack, till theiramuni-
tion is entirely exhausted, or till they have lost three-fourths
of their garrison. If, by a base capitulation, these governors
should be in the hands of the enemy, and an exchange of pri-
soners should take place, they will beimmediately brought
before a court-martial and condemned to be shot.
" A letter from Onate of the 17th says, that by order of Don
Carlos all the battalions of the four provinces of Navarre,
Alava, Guipuscoa and Biscay, have received a month's pay,
On the 15th, an Aide-de-Camp of General
.Cabrera, with an
escort of only six horsemen, arrived at Onate, with dispatches
from his General for Don Carlos, which are said to be very in-
teresting. He set out on his return to Araga on the 17th.
General Maroto has assembled several battalions of infantry
and two regiments of cavalry of Navarre in the fields of the
village of Zabac, two leagues from Estella, where he reviewed
them, and made them perform various evolutions fur two hours.
The two armies are still in the same positions. It was
affirmed that Espartero will not begin his operations till the
19th of this month.

Yesterday morning, a heavy cannonade was beard in the
direction of St. Sebastian—the occasion of it is unknown.._
Gazette de France.

The Courier de Bourdeaux has the following article
" A terrible fire Lroke out the day before yesterday at La
Teste, in the quarter of Pellet. The house, the library, and
all the furniture were a prey to the flames. Some adjoining
houses were also destroyed. It is said that the whole is in•
sured in the Companies there, French Phoenix, and a Foreign
Assurance Company.— Commerce.
It is said at Toulon that it is intended to attack the Mexi-
can fort of St. John de Ulloa by sea and by land, for which
purpose 800 or 900 men are to be landed at Vera Cruz. This
small force, it is expected, will be sufficient to take that town,
where the French party is in considerable numbers, and then
the cannon of the fortifications will be turned against St. Jean
d'Ulloa, The frigates being near the bridge Del Sacrificios,
where the landing is to be effected, will also fire on the fort,
which being thus placed betweca two fires, will make little
resistance.

The Journal du Havre announces the arrival of the Iphi-
genie frigate at Havannah on the 10th ult., from the blockad-
ing squadron off Mexico. Tha captain declared that all hope
of an immediate arrangement was at an end, and that the
blockade or hostilities might last for several months. There
were ten French and two American line-of-battle ships off
Vera Cruz, or at Sacrificios. All the English ships had been
driven off by the French cruisers, and had sailed for the ports
from which they had been originally despatched.
The Gazette des Tribunaux states, that in addition to the
arrest of M. Louir Cleeman, announced by us yesterday, M.
Virlet was also taken into custody yesterday morning at his
residence on a similar warrant. Two other warrants issued
against Messrs. Auguste Cleeman and David Blum remain
unexecuted in consequence of the disappearance of those
dividt!als from their respeetive residences in the Rue de la
Victoire. and at the Hotel do Ruasie in the Rue de Richelieu.
Nothing is known as to the direction taken by the fugitives,
bet a telegraphic order for their arrest has been forwarded
along the roads to Belgium and England.
The National defends the Opposition press from the
charge of being deficient in proper feeling because disapprov-
ing of the proceedings of Count Mole and the demand of the
French Government for the expulsion of Prince Louis Na-
poleon. As far as regards the honour of the country, this

journal declares itself far more susceptible than the present
Alinistrk of ady of the pefsecilli3is
.of f4aPoleOn's
"Is Louis Bonaparte," asks . the National, " one of those
darigettitis
,men *tote , Vicinity suffices to place , a
nation in jeopardy ? Nothing ijt the kind can be
seriously asserted, and for that reason oitr con-
science acquits us of treason to the country when we express
a wish that Count Mole and his political friends may fail
in the struggle with the good sense and firmness of the Swiss
Cantons." This journal would feel no surprise at the perse-
' cution of Prince Louis Napoleon by a Government such as
that of the Restoration, which spoke of Napoleon as the
Corsican ogre: " but, adds the National, " the fact that a
Government which is Bonapartist at home and Carlist abroad
should be so inveterate against the nephew of the ex-Em-
peror as to forget the simplest notions of international right
and the advantages of an alliance with Switzerland—such a
fact may well astonish France, and prove to her the neces-
sity of separating her cause from that of her inconsiderate
rulers."

A letter of the 13th inst., from Inspruek, published in the
Constitutionnel, states that the act of homage from the country
to the Emperor and Empress of Austria took place on the
preceding day, in the Church of St. James. The ceremonial
was announced at an early hour in the morning by a salute
of 101 guns, the Civil Chasseurs and the whole of the garrison
being drawn up in field order upon the Rennplatz. The
Archdukes, the superior dignitaries of the Court, the civil
and military authorities of the town, the Tyrolean States, and
the Deputies of the Vorarlberg, were present in grand cos-
tume at the celebration of mass. Their Majesties were re-
ceived at the Church-door by the Bishop and Clergy. The
cortege then returned to the Imperial Palace, where the cere-
mony of homage was performed in the Hall of the Giants, and
also that of the kissing of hands, followed by a grand dinner,
which was announced to the public by flourishes of trumpets
and salvos of artillery. In the evening the Emperor paraded
in a carriage through the streets, the whole of which were illu-

minated.
" The decision of the Germanic Diet," says the German
Courier, " which has declared itself competent in the affair
of Hanover, does it the highest honour. The majority is
said to have been only by four votes. Some of the constitu-
tional States had given in to the Diet their reasons for their
votes."

The Sentinelle du Jura of Soleure, of the 18th instant, con-
tains an article, under the head of Thurgau, without date,
stating the Petty Council of that Canton had assembled,
and, after taking cognizance of the despatches from the
Diet, and the note of the French Government relative to
Louis Napoleon, had decided—l. That the affair being merely
a police case, was within the competency of the petty coun-
cil, and consequently that there was no necessity for an ex-
traordinary convocation of the Grand Council. 2. That the
expulsion of Prince Louis Napoleon demanded by France was
refused. The same journal announces the Prince's departure
from the Canton of Thurgau. According to the Gazette de
Basle, he has arrive*at Lucerne.

We find the following in the Zurich Gazette :—" The re-
port circulated by the French Ministerial journals, that Prince
Louis Napoleon would, of his own accord, leave this country,
is quite unfounded. The Prince would before now have done
so had he thought that the honour and interest of France re-
quired such a step, but as the honour of Switzerland is to re-
sist an unjust demand, tly --Prince will not leave before the
question is decided. The wort may have originated from
the Prince having the intention to visit his father in Italy.
As the preparations were made some weeks ago, it is pro-
bable that, if he is obliged to leave Switzerland, he will first
proceed to Florence, if he obtains leave from Austria, as it is
expected be will."
A letter from Genoa, quoted by the Nouvelliste, states that
an expedition consisting of Italians,. Spaniards, and some French
subjects, is-preparing in the-Bay of Spezziatn make a descent
on the coasts-of Spain and. Portugal. The offieers who are to
command, it are said to be assembled at Massa, Arid ate waiting
the arrival of two steamers to embark their men. Two things
however, are said to be wanting for the expedition—money,
and the permission of the Sardinian Government for armed
vessels to leave the port.
The Carlsruhe Gazette of the 22d states, under date Con-
stantinople, the Ist inst., that the Turkish Government, on
learning the circumstances under which Mr. M'Niel had with-
drawn from Persia, had ordered its fleet to be concentrated,
and that 12,000 regular troops bad been sent to reinforce the
army of Mount Taurus.

The Gazette of Hanover of the 20th inst. mentions, under
date, Berlin the 18th, that the state of health of the Emperor
Nicholas was unsatisfactory. The Hereditary Prince was
also indisposed.
The Commerce publishes a letter from St. Petersburgh an-
nouncing that the Mexicans have taken a step, the policy or
expediency of which is far from being obvious—nothing less
than that of soliciting the intervention or the support of Russia
in the quarrel between them and the French Government.
The Russo-American Company established at St. Peters-
burgh had presented to the Emperor a petition, in which,
after showing how injurious was the blockade of the coast of
Mexico by the French squadron to Russian trade in general,
and to that of their Company in particular. " they supplicate
the Autocrat to deign to interfere in the affair to re-establish
the liberty of commerce with the American States.
The .Augsburg Gazette states that the Emperor and Em-
press of Austria would return to Vienna from Venice, aban-
doning, for the present year, their projected visit to Trieste.
On the gth and 10th inst. the city just mentioned had incurred
much danger from repeated shocks of earthquakes.
We find in the Courrier Francais an article on the naviga-
tion of the Black Sea, in which it is observed, that the
blockade imposed by Russia is not confined to the coast of
Abasia, which commences only at Soukoum-Kale. "It is
not even confined to the undisputed possessions of Russia—the
coast which extends from Soukoum- Kale to Gouriel. A strict
surveillance is, however, kept up there. The Turkish coasts,
on which Russia his nothing to blockade, are not the less
blockaded. Under the pretext of guarding the mouth of
*he Phase and Gonieh, and the port of Akbalzick, through
the trade of Georgia, the Russian cruisers stop
and search ev,.i vessel attempting to pass Trebisond at the
north-east and refuse • them to proceed whenever it
pleases them." The artici. ',hid, we quote proceeds
to point out the other humiliating, .:.7.tious, and injurious
regulations to which Russia compels the yeast:- .if the rest of
Europe to submit, and "amongst which those of En 2 're
not more delicately, 4teatdehan those of Tuscany add
Sardinia."
_ _

FRENCH FLIN.DS,Parits, AUGUST 25. 14111''
Five per Cents;.'ll4U7oc. 415 c.
l'hree per Cents., 11If. 80f. 115 c. 81f.
Bank Actions, 2,63011
Itente de Naples, M. 85c. SOc. The.
Roman Five per Cents.. 102.
Spanish Actives, 22.
Spanish DifFeres, sq.
Spanish Passives, 414.
Belgian Three per Cents., 74f.
Belgian Bank, 1,440 f.
Haytian Loan, 350 f.
LATEST PRICES.
Five per Cents. 11 If. 65c.
Three per Cents., 80f. 9.5 c.
Bank Actions, 2,630 f.
Romans, 102.
Belgian Bank, 1,440 f.
Spanish Actives, 12
Spanish Differes, 8 V.
Spanish Passives, 4%,
Haytian Loan, 350._

Madrid Journals of the Bth instant, have reached
us, but their contents are of no importance. The
Ministry continued to stagger on, notwithstanding the
arrival of advices from Paris, stating that the Loan
Committee had failed to raise a single real, on any
security offered by the Spanish Government.

Brussels and German Papers of the latest dates have
been received this morning, but as the latter are merely
occupied with strictures upon the policy of the PORTE
and the Viceroy of EGYPT, we shall take no further
notice of them. From the Brussels Papers the follow-
ing are extracts :

BRU*SELS, Aun. 25.—The King left Ostend by the railroad
the day before yesterday, at eight in the morning. From
Fronchiennes his Majesty proceeded in a carriage to the sta-
tion at Ghent, whence he went by the iron railroad to Lou-
vain, where the carriages were ready to take him to the camp
at Beverloo. His Majesty arrived at Louvain about two
o'clock. The camp at Beverloo will break up in the course of
next month.

The Prince of Hohenlohe and suite landed at Ostend on the
24th.

Count Vilain XIV., who was attached to the Legation at
Constantinople, has left that capital to bring to Brussels the
treaty of commerce with the Porte. He is returning by land,
and has been obliged to perform ten days' quarantine on the
frontiers of the Austrian Empire. It is said that M.
O'Sullivan de Grass defended our interests with much ability,
and was cordially seconded by Admiral Roussin and Lord Pon-
sonby, the Ambassadors of France and England.
According to the Courrier Beige, the recent accident on
the Ghent and Brugea railroad has in no way lessened the
number of passengers at Brussels at least, judging from the
following account .—" On Tuesday the number of persons
collected in the waiting-room for the eleven o'clock train was
so great, and they were so unruly, that the sashes were
knocked out of the windows, and the crowd rushed into the
station-rooms; keepers, soldiers, gendarmes, and police were
overborne, and more than 4,000 individuals were in the station
house, where there were neither carriages nor locomotives.
The trains from Antwerp and Mechlin were several hours
after their time, and at noon about thirty carriages arrived,
when, as was expected, a regular conflict took place between
those who wanted to get out and those who wanted to get in.
Bo great was the desire to obtain scats that many climbed over
the shoulders of others. The waggons intended for thirty had
fifty persons crammed into them, and those who had paid
found their places taken by those who had not. There was
no possibility of getting the people out, and it was quite use-
less to talk of danger. At length a certain number of wag.
gons were taken off but the passengers still kept their seats,
and every disposable locomotive engine was obliged to be
given them. A least 1,000 persons, who had been waiting
from nine o'clock in the morning, quietly sat waiting for the
departure of the two o'clock train."
The Independent observes that there are now six sections
of railways open in Belgium diverging from Mechlin to
Brussels, Antwerp, Louvain, and Termonde ; from Termonde
tp Ghent, Ghent to Bruges, Bruges to Ostend, Louvain to
Tirlemont, Tirlemont to \Varemmes, and Waremmes to Ans.
The distances forma total of 256,000 metres, or 64 post
leagues.

THE HAGUE, AUG. Royal Highness the Prince of
Orange arrived here to-day, from North Brabant. Princes
William and Alexander are expected to-morrow, and the
Princess of Orange the day after to.morrow. Her Imperial
Highness having arrived at Frankfort on the 17th. We hear
that all the Royal Family will be assembled at the Palace in

the Bosch, on Friday, to keep the King's birth-day. After
..ohich his Majesty will go to the Camp at 13)en.
FRANKFoitf, Abb. 18: Imperial Highness the young
Grand Duke Alexander passed through Nlanich on the 13th-
proceeding with all speed to Kreuth, where the Empress, his
tiiother; n._v is.

nEi 6 3 Afl k t.1141/S—BhussaLs, Auo. 25.
Actual Debt, 21.,', per Cei-if ~..... -..., ;.5
Rothschild's Loan, 5 per Cent. ..... jorq
Loan of Thirty Millions, 4 per Cent.
3 per Cent ........
Loan or tlty, Ii i 2.4 per Cent 9l
Society of ConithOf '..t, 45.-,uer Cent 1191.4
Bank of Belgium, 5 per Ceilt • --,. _ 146
National Society . - . I •Z(;!,',
—Brussels Papers, Aug. 25.
AUSTRIAN FUNDS.—XIENNA, Auo. 17.
rive per Cents. Metalliques
Four per Cents.
Three par Cents.
Bank Shares

--Aligemeine Zeitung, Aug. 22.
DUTCH FUNDS.—AMSTERDANI, Auu. 21.
Money. B 711.;
Actual Debt, 2)4 per r....nt
Ditto, ditto 5 per cent.
A mon .ti!.iltlic, 4'4 per cent
Ditto, ditto, 3V2 per cent 7tl~.280
Commercial Company, 4'.i per cent l6li 1661
Ditto (1832 and 1833) 5 per ccut. ... li+oN 1111'4
Loan 1831 i, 4 r ercent. ,,,,,
Ditto 1937, 5 per cent 93 ti I9N
Exchange on London, One month l2 iiil
-
Twit months
PRUSSIAN FUNDS.— 13tmAN, Aug. 13.
Bills. Money.
St. Schuld. Sch., 4 per cent. lOl 162 4,
Prussian English Loan, 1830, 4 per cent 1031 A, 1021
Exchange on London, three monns 6 221
—Prussial State Gazette, Aug. 19.

LLOYD'S SHIPPING.-(THIS DAY.)

DEAL, AUG. 25. —Wind W.S. NV., moderate-26, W. S. W.
fine.—Sailed this morning the homeward bound as before, for
the River. Came down from the River and proceeded, the
Harriet, Bertram, for Constantinople ; St. Patrick, Lunnen,
for St. John's, New Brunswick ; Triten, fur Liverpool ; Dart,
Ormaton, for Madeira; Euterpe, Telfer, for Demerara; Ann,
Drybrough, for Oporto; Britannia, Volun, for Smyrna; Mal-
colm Brown, Wells, fur Seville ; Osprey, Burrows, for Hali-
fax; Clifton, Green, for Calcutta; Enterprise, Branford, for
Trieste ; Madras, Watson, for St. Andrew's ; Madagascar,
for the westward. Arrived and proceeded for the River, the
Sophia, Barclay, from Jamaica ; New Phoenix, Bayton, from
ditto; Vestal, Masey, from Pugwash; Union,: Temperley,
from Odessa; Coquette, Hitchens, from the River Gambia.
PORTSMOUTH, AUG. 25.—Wind N. N. W. to W., fine.-26,
N. to W, fine.—Arrived off, the John Knox, Swan, from
Singapore. Sailed her Majesty's ship, Tribune, for Lisbon ;
Exmouth, Warren, for Calcutta ; Euphemia, for Marseilles.
Passed by, the Charles Kerr, Arnold, for Sydney, New South
Wales ; Ophelia and Ann, for Odessa.
PLYMOUTH, AUG. 26.—Wind W. S. W.—Arrived the Sul-
tan, Barron, from Konigsbzrg. Sailed the Planter, Thomp-
son, for Bordeaux ; George Canning, for Denia ; Mary Ann,
for Rouen.
FALMOUTH, AUG. 14/W. to W., fresh breezes
and fine; 25, W. to W. N. W.;tfresh breezes with rain.—Ar-
rived the Black eyed Susan, from Smyrna ; Emma, Eale,
from Leghorn ; Tagus, (steamMlrem Gibraltar, left 17th
inst. ; Cadiz, 18th ; Lisbon, 21st : Oporto and Vigo, 22d.
Sailed, the Atlas, Hunt, for the Mauritius; Ranger, for
the Cape of Good Hope ; Margaret, for the Coast of Africa ;
Aurora, for St. John's, Newfoundland; Roseland, for Genoa ;
Chandos, Hayes, for Palermo ; William Alexander, Howes,
for Swansea and Malta; Azores, (packet) for Denia ; Mag-
net, for Gibraltar; H. M. S. Firebrand, with the Lords of the
Admiralty, for Milford.
LIVERPOOL, Atha. 25.—Wind S., moderate; 26, N.W.,
moderate.—Arrived the William Roger, from Archangel;
Esther; Hutchinson, from. St. ;Petersburgh; Earl Grey,
Adams, from Calcutta ; Warrensford, M•Gtbbon, from Barba-
does; Limona, Snowden, from Nassau ; Jacob Pennel, Martin,
from New Orleans; Thames, Arnold, and Courier, Duggan,
from Mobile ; Ceres, Blanshard, from Savannah ; Rupel,
Appleton, from Charleston ; Mediterranean from Africa ;
Ann, Seeger, from Girgenti; Oporto, from Oporto. Arrived
off, the Gulaare, Bombay ; Aliques, from Bombay ; Bradshaw,
from Quebec; Mary Brade, from Stettin. .

GLASSY, AUG. 23.—Arrived the Royal William, Faivel,
from Stettin(; Maria, Sophia, from Gottenburgh ; Wyrera,
De Caeii, from Copenhagen; Acorn, Cunningham, Oporto.
DARTMOUTH, AUG. 25.—Arrived the Maria Jane, Kemp,
from Marseilles.

PENZANCE, Auo 24.—Arrived the Liverpool P t, from
St. John's, New Brunswick.
HARRINGTON, Aua. 24.—Arrived the Paragon, \ I liamson,
from St. Petersburgh.
MAEYPORT, Auo. 23.—Arrived the Lady Douglas, from
Yarmouth, New Brunswick.
AYR, Auo. 23.--Arrived Gleaner, Stevenson, Archangel.
OFF THE LAND'S END.—The Leveret, from Mogadore.
MARGATE, Auo. 26.—Arrived off port the City of Edin-
burgh, from Sydney, New South Wales ; and United King-
dom, from Jamaica.

DOVER, Avo. 26.—Arrived off port the Gazette, from Ba-
hia ; and Donna Maria, Boman, from Calcutta.
CowEs, AUG. 26.—Arrived the Grand Turk, Varney, from
Norfolk ; and Ariadne, Lumberg, from Bahia.
GUERNSEY, Atm. 24.—Arrived the Henry Cleat, from
Messina; Emelia, Le Messarier, from Rio.

BRISTOL, AUG. 26.—Arrived the Niger, Ratcliff, from
Africa; Elizabeth, from Quebec; Pearl, from Sicily.
Gtoircarran, Aua. 26.—Arrived the Borough, Phillip,
from Archangel.

SWANSEA,.AUG. 25.—Arrived the Alexander, from Val-
paraiso ; Glenaladale, from Quebec.

MONEY AND COMMERCIAL NEWS.

CITY (THIS DAYT, TWELVE O'CLOCK.
Our arrivals this morning are two French, two Ostend, and
a Dutch mail. Also a mail from Alexandria, by the Tagus
--sailed 17th July, Beyrout 18th July, Corfu 3d August,
Malta 6th August, Gibraltar 17th August, Cadiz 18th August,
Lisbon 21st August, Oporto and Vigo 22d August.
THE FUNDS.

To-morrow being settling day in the British Market, the.
brokers and jobbers' are busy preparing their accounts.
Consols opened this morning at the leaving. off price of Sa-
turday, 94 both for Money and the Account ; for the Octo.
ber Account, 944 I-. Exchequer Bills, 72 74 ; India Bonds,
72 74; Bank Stock, 2071 2084; India Stock, 264} 265.
.v.o. Foreign Market the only transactions at present are
in Portugue... Stock. which has receded from the leaving-off
price of 36i 37 to 36} 4 • Three per Cents., also, 23/
24 ; Spanish Active, 2I ; 'Brander., 33'41 94+ , Mexican,
241 ; Colombian, 26ii; Dutch Two-and-a Half per Cents.,
54 I; Five per Cents., 102 fr
PRICES OF STOCKS THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.

Bank Stock
3 per Cent. lted. 95 4% 5
3 per Cent. Cons —.94%1,614
34 per Cent
Ditto Red 102%4%
New 314 per Cent lOOO4
New 5 per Cent....................
Bank L'lngAnnuitiestoexpire
Jan. 5, 18430 15% 9-16%
Oct. 10, 1859 l5 7-111
Jan. 5, ........ 15 3-165
Jan. 5,
April 5, ..... ........
Jan 5. 1870
PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds .

r India Stoek
Ditto Bonds
, South Sea Sunk ...
Old Annnities .
New Ditto
per Cent. Annuities, 1751 —
Exch. Bills, £1,000.. ..... '72 74 oir
Ditto .50i 72 74 pm-
Ditto Small ...
Ditto Commercial
Ditto Advertised — pm.
Bank Stock for Account
India Stock for Account
Consols for Acconnt 94
TAIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Peruvian Bonds ...

Belgian Bonds
Ditto Account .
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account ...... 8 I
Buenos Ayres Bonds

Ditto Account
Portuguese Bonds—. .....
Ditto New
Ditto Account
Ditto, 3 per cent :33, 4

Ditto Account
CBonds .........
Ditto Account .......
Columbian Bonds.
Ditto Account
CAumbian Bonds, 182'
Ditto Account
Danish Bonds

. •
Ditto Account 2374
Pruisian Bonds.— . .........
'2 Russian Bonds, 182. .....
Ditto Account
Ditto .......
Spanish Bonds
Ditto Account
Ditto Bonds,lX3l, 2l

Ditto Account
Greek 80nd5...... .........
Ditto Bonds, 1825
Ditto Account .
Mexican Bonds, 5 per cent —
Ditto Account
Ditto, 6 per cent.
Ditto Account
Neapolitan
PRICES OF SHARES THI

Ditto Account 21 k 1
French, 5 per eent ..... —t: —c
----- 4 per cent. —f. —c.
----- 3 per cent. —f. —c
Exchange
Dutch, 2;4, per cent....54%tp
Ditto Account 54% ki
Ditto, S per ciint IO2X 34
Ditto Account —
S DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK

Paid. Per Share
British Iron Company 5O 10
t'andonga Mining Company 7% 13!!, 9%
Great Western Railway Company...
Brighton Railway Company
London and Blackwall Railway
London and Birmingham Railway Company 9O 167
London arid Southampton Railway Company
Manchester and Birmingham Railway lO 10 97.
PRICES OF IRISH STOCKS. DUBLIN, AUGUST 9.3.
3 per Cent. Consols Grand Canal I)ebs. 6 per cent. 02
3% per Cent. Stock lOl Ditto, 4 per cent.
Ditto Reduced - Hibernian Bank.
Ditto New, 1:330 .....
3% per Cent. Debentures -
Bank Stock -
Royal Canal Stock - Ballast Office Debentures, 4 per -
Grand:Canal Stock ..... - cent -
HALF-PAST ONE.

We have received a Mauritius Price Current to the 24th
April. The Exchange on London—Mauritius Government
Bills, 30 days sight, 21 per Cent. Premium; Mauritius Bank
Bills, 90 days, none ; Private Bills, 90 days, par.
Consols are a shade better, done at 944, for the Account;
Money same. Exchequer Bills, 72 74 Premium ; India
Bonds, 72 74 ; Bank Stock, 2074 ; India Stock, 2641 265.
In the Foreign Market Spanish Active heavy, and receded
to 214, with Coupons ; Portuguese receded to 364 ; Three
per Cents., 234 24 ; Mexican, 24 ; Colombian, 20- ; Bra-
zilian, 84; Dutch Two-and-a. Halt, 544, lower; Five per
Cents., 10914.
Shares—A few bargains d one at lower prices. Great
Western, 5 premium ; Brighton, 4 disc. ; Birmingham,
77 premium.

&othing doing in Asphalte. The overland letters front
India are of an old date.

THREE O'CLOCK.

Consols for Account, 941. -________ _ _____ _
THE FUNDS.—CLOSING PRICES;
Blt IT ISII FUNDS.
Bank Stock ... ?0734 !India Stock —
3 per Cent. Red 93 Ditto Bonds 74
3 per Cent. Cons 94% Ditto Old Annuities. -
3y4 per Cent Ditto New Annuities
354 per Cent. Red 102% Ex. Bills, 1,000/ 2jici 74 pm
New 44 per Cent loll' Ditto 504. 74 pm
Long Annuities to expire Ditto 5001 74 pie
Jan. 186 1
Oct. 1850
Jan. 1860
FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian, 5 per cent 14EN Portuguese Bonds, 5 per cent..
Belgian, 5 per cent - Ditto. New Ditto
Brazilian Bonds Bl Prussian, 5 per cent
Buenos A yr, s, 6 per cent.
Chilian, 6 per cent — Ditto, Metallic —
Colombian'', 6 per cent Spanish, 5 per cent 2l
Ditto, 1824 — Ditto, C0n501idated................
Danish, 3 per cent — 'French, 5 per cent. —f. —:-.
Greek Bonds, 1825, 5 per cent — Exchange —l. —c.
Mexican, 5 per cent — French, 3 per cent —f. -
Ditto, 0 per cent., 1825 24 Dutch, 21:i per cent.
Peruvian, 1825,6 per cent. — Ditto, 5 per cent. 102.,,,
(CLOSING PRICE OF SHARES.—(THIS DAY).
Birmingham and Derhy'llailway
London)) and Brighton Railway 7!A
London and Southampton Railway (New) 45 ,
