BRECON ASSIZE. .

STIDGE HARDINGE.—qhe followitig is the cone.
On
cluding, a the Legned Judge's most eloquent.
Address to the Grated Jury at Brecon, at the tate,
Assiies

" Hers ,•at this period of our intercourse,J should
Part with yotijaut for the times.,,They.call upon me,
with an iniperines voice, . to animate the high
.spirit
of the day, under.your wing, it should he,ihe last
breath of 13-sy life. That high spirit beams upoti of•
with a gtilqdri ray of hope, that we haVe a deliverance
at band from the baseinsportOr,a's well as the tigtirp- z
ing Tyrant of the Continent, and who would hiVe
degrAded us and yoti—e+en you, the Welsh-,--if the
hand-Writingon -the wall had not convinced him.that
slavery and life never can be reconciled in British ad-
versaries, The most enlightened city of the civilized
earth, which is, in other words, to name the Cify-Of
London, has countersigned, with all the sanaibis of
its proud name, and with all the eloquence of its pub-
lie spirit, ottr interesting appeal to the God of Battles
in the Ritriot Army of Spain. Upon similar OC-
casions I have attested. your zeal for. your Kingtand
for his Government; when your independent
has approved their condo. In, honour to that in, •
dependence, I dare not recommend, but? have the
courage to express a sanguine hoPe, that you will hot
part before you shall have pledged congenial senti,
ments in yOur Address to the King, and through him
to the Countryy which I.wilt gratefully and proudly
forward into his Majesty's hand. We are not only
enlisted in the same host, but we are enrolled in the
same principle, which is British at the root, Brittsti
at the heart's core. It is the cause of native right,
and of national independence; it is the generous
hatred of 4 tyrant, whom nothing but the Sword.Cau
meetwho violates every engagement—betrays
every confidence—has polluted every thing he has
touched—and in. a human shape., the,pestilence
not only of the legitimate Government, but of the.
moral world; He has been compared, by depraved
or timid. sycophants, to Alexander and Csar. The
compliment is basely false ; those criminal hewer;
in their frenzy of ambition, had lucid intelVals of
clemency, of graceful condat, and of social virtde—
nothing of the kind has ever yet escaped troth
—His resemblance to our. usurper, Cromwell, is a
little more close ; but. he was an observer of treaties;
and kept his enemies at bay by his arin:j—not by
the terror of his friendship (tire worst of all, this
tyrant's enmities).—Amo.ng4t. his accumulated perL
tidies, let me offer to your -notice (in a.bird's-eye •
view) his condha in Spain
Shew the hi piekure ! let me see his eyes ! ,
That, wheal. note dnotlrec man like hint • .
may avoid him.'
..
—He was the' ally of Spain—he Was debtor t.o thet.
Power for important services—he obtained its conti-
dence—se disunited the King' front the Heir Appa-
rent, his own son—he made that son his hero—i:e
fomented this family discord into a civil war—he
then tookupon himselkhe office of a mediator, with
an army at his heels—ereaed an intermediate Go-
vernment in a subordinate Janissary's hand,- and
poured his French troops'into the capital of the Em-
pire. He took the King, the Heir Apparent; the--
queen of Spain with him; he bound them hand and
ftot—he made the King .and his Heir successively
abdicate their Crown, when they were as free eS
the felon who is confined in your gaol ; he made—
Oh, infaMy of horror 1--this. queen bastardize 'her
own legitimate son, and brand herself as a degrth.led
prbstitute ! ! He their quoted these very intatniet;
against them in Spain, as proving them unworthy •
to return, and base to their country.. Opposed iiithese detestable perfidies, he murdered thotsands of
Spaniards in cold blood, and at last insulted that
.high
spirited nation with his infamous brother's'elevatioh;
by him, to the vacant throne ! It is thiS man we
are to fight ; our deliverance and that of Europe
combined--we are to fight him' locally iri Spain.
But I address men of good sense, equal to their high
spirit ; they Will follow me in the sentiment that
'Spain is Britain, that her cause will be felt its emery
inch of your coast, and of the Island we inhabit.---4
Struck to the heart by a domestie visitation* (which
the duty of a resigned Christian could alone has e
enabled me to survive), I am. still animated
.with
zeal for, of me, so dear a sacrifice." The Grand Jury
voted in
.the sacred cMise of phlilic Spirit, which has
a claimed congratulatory AddreSs to his Majesty.
* The death of Capt. Hardinge, Catitaih of the Sr. Fio:.
renzo, his nephew and his Aduptcd son,, killed in the ever
memorable action„with La Piedniontaise..

On Thtirsday evening; about seven o'clock, a duel
took place in a field near Pritnrose Hill, in.cOnse
quenee of a rencontre which occurred in the morn-
ing between Capt. M-N of the Guards ;• and Mr.
in the Strand; the former Gentlern4n.ad-
cusing the latter of pushing him off the_paVernent.
In.exchanging shots, Mr. P.'s ball perforated his.an.
tagonist's hat. The next shot Mr: P. was slightly
wounded in the wrist. The seconds then interfered;
and the dispute ,waS ,amicably adjusted, Captain
D-o, of the Dragoons, was second to Captain
M-----N, and the Hun, B-‘cY to'
Mr.•
JOSEPH HANsoN, Esq. of Manchester (one Of the
-
late. Candidates for the Borough of Preston; in, Lan-:
cashire), has, we understand, been
.indieted at the
late Assizes at LanCaster, fur a-rdtsderneanor, in en-
couraeiner the Weavets who lately assembled in a
large body at 'Manchester. • No previous coavlamt
had been openly prdierted against Mr. Hanson, hut
he having accidentally heard that such a had
been fouud, immediately went over to Lancaster;
and appeared itl Court on Saturday morning,' and '
requested, In strong terms, that his Trial might take
place immediately, as if that was not• the case, he
should labour under a calumny for six monthS to
The depredations at the west end of the town come. This request -the Judge informed him could
have, for these few days past, been very frequent. not be complied with without the consent of the
A Gentleman was stopped early yesterday morning • Prosecutors (which they refused); the Judge
in Park-lane; one of the villains attempted to put expressed a hope that Mr. RANSON'S so early ap-
a stick down his throat ; but the timely, assistance of pearance in Count; and his readiness to meet the
charge, would have theeffeat of doing away► all pre-
the watchman saved him from his perilous situation:
Early yesterday ' thorning a desperate gang of judice, it any had been exerted against him. Mr:
house-breakers broke into the house .of a linen-dra- HANSON then gave bail to answer the Indielment.:
No Process had issued to compel his appearance.
per in Manchester-street, Manchester-square, and
'plundered it of linen and other articles amounting I A Pedestrian, of the name of FARMER, who re-:
to 401. in their escape, they were observed by the sides in Fetter-lank, started %yesterday morning at
watcnrnan, who gave;" the alarm, and pursued them; two o'clock, for a wager of 30 guineas, to go 120
but others of the gang, thinking this a-favourable miles in 48 hours, on the Western Road. He
oppottunity, returned, and broke into another house at Bagsbot at eight o'clock in the morning in good
close to the watchman's box, which they plundered condition, and he will conclude his journey at
also of several valuable articles', with which they got • Knights-hi-4e this evening, if he should t?e success;
clear oil: -- • . .

" The lava inundated and swept away the town
4v)f Ursulina, and country-houses and cottages adja7
cent, as well as the tart-houses, throughout its•
course. It, as usual, save timely notice of its ap-
proach, and most of the inhabitants fled ; some few,
however, remained in the vicinity of it too long, en-
deavouring to save their furniture and etfeEls, and
were scalded by flashes of steam, which, without in-
juring their clothes, took off not only their skin but
their flesh. About sixty persons were thnS misera•
bly scalded, some of whom died on the spot, or in a
few days after. Numbers of cattle shared the same
fate. The Judge and principal inhabitants left the
Island very early. The consternation and anxiety
were for some days so great among, the people,
that even theif domestic concerns were abandoned,
and, amidst plenty, they were in danger of starving.
Supplies of ready-baked bread were, sent from hence
to their relief, and large boats were sent to bring away
the inhabitants who had lost their ,dwellings. lii
short, the Island, heretofore rich in cattle, corn, and
wine, is nearly ruined, and a scene of greater desolation
and distress has seldom beet witnessed in any
Country.-
