an whose charaeler the fate of the Antilles is bus.
}Jenard, will bccoine a n.stion of soldiers...

" Surely it 14 impossible that a British states.
man, or a philanthropist, should contemplate this
prosped without dismay. Not only will industry,
order, rivilization, and all the other blessings of
social life, be retarded in their growth, but a na.
cli,rtafler foimed in this .new community,

equally unfriendly to its own happiness, and tremen-
dous to its European neighbours..
" That Sr. Domingo, whatever course we take,
will one day be Mistress of the 'Western Archipe.
lago, is iodectl highly probable ; and thautheshOck.
ing slavery of our Colonies cannot much longer be
maintained, is sufficiently certain ; but by a. just
and rAtiOnal policy, we might be enabled to look
forward to the progress, not only of African free.
dom, but of African Sovereignty, in the West In.
dies, with sat isfadion rather than dismay.
" The subverition of establishments so guilty, and
so fertile in misery and in death, both to Africa
and Europe, can be deprecated only from the
terrible nature of the means, by which tilt change,
if sudden and hostile, must necessarily be tired.
ed, and the ruin in which it would involve in.
dividuals : and instead of a misfortune, it would'be
a great advantage, to.this commercial and, maritime
Empire, could we hereafter commute,. by compact.
with an allied West IndiaoState, the costly and in.
nonvenient sovereignty of those distant islands, fur.
a monopoly of their valuable trade. But if rev°.
lution, civil or political, should be introduced, into
our sugar colonies by insurreftion or hostile fnrce,
dreadful indeed would be the effects to individuals,
and pernicious to the nation at large,
" Let it not then be considered. as a question of
small moment, to what political charader the In.
d;genes, as they call themselves, shall be at this cri.
tical period inclined. A restless watlike spirit in
them will soon carry liberty and African dominion
together: in a tempest of revolution througli all the .
surrounding islands. On the contrary, a pacific •
and industrious disposition in this iufant society
would at least enable us to meet the approaching
change by timely preparation ; and, perhaps, by the
spontaneous and 'gradual corrcdion of existing
abuses, to introduce freedom generally into our Co.
lonics, the only means of long preserving our sove.
reignty over them, without any disorder or mischief.
The happy efieds of liberty and peace in St. Do.
mitigo would irresistibly influence the policy 'of all
European Powers who possess colonies in the
West Indies, and incline 'Them to a'willing imita.
Lion. Prejudice and self.love might indeed still
dispose the colonial party to oppose the, salutary
change ; but their influence, unhappily now too
powerful in this realm, would progressively de.
cline ; falsehood would vanish before the clear light
of "exoerience, the true interests of the nation
would be distinguished from the particular interests
of the slave holder, anti the chains of oppression
would at length be loosened by the hand of an itn.
partial Legislature.
#, Vi/hat sedative then, Sir, can he found for that
warlike temper, so likely to mark the infancy of
this new community, and so much to be deprecated,
in a view both to commerce and security, except the
measures I propose ? _ _

franquilize the minds of the new people on
that Iwatt-stirring subject of anxiety, the defence
of their freedom, by guaranteeing it against the
power of France, and they will be enabled to reduce,
instead of enlarging, their military establishment and
preparations ; to restore the cultivators to the plan.
talons, anti to train up their youth to the peaceful
labours of the field. Relying uptin the national
faith, and the maritime power of England, they
will feel no necessity for a larger internal force
than such a moderate Army as may suffice to
maintain industry and order ; they will, in a word,
revert to the wise policy of ToussAINT, and, pursu-
ing the maxims of that illustrious statesman and
patriot, will apply 'themselves indefatigably to the
restitution of agriculture and commerce. You will
reap the reward not only in the rapid increase of a
trade, to the monopoly of which you will acquire
the strongest of titles, hut in the future security
of Itmaica anti the rest of our valuable islands.

" Here it may be proper to point out a new
and material diffeience between the present
cumstances of St. Domingo, and those which
existed there during our last war with France:
It was not so necessary in the former case, as the
present, to guard with anxiety against the pro.
west; of a warlike charader, and to encourage care.
tally the restitution of peaceful industry ; because,
after our pacification with TowssAttcr, that Ge.
neral and hie followers had no such powerful mo.
tiveo as must at present be felt by the African
Leaders, fur cherishing the one disposition, and ne.
gleeting the other.
