s $
EVENING zronr;--_,--

soil and climate ; and this differenc4 leaks;feittfti*
variety of fabrics and productions, g attificialliniitli..4
ral. Commerce perceives this
diveir4y,
sizes a boundless system of exchangell, the bhie-ct of
which is to supply the greatest possible amontirof tdant
and desire, and to effect the widest possibulditisiml
useful and convenient products. The extent to which
this exchange of products is carried in highly civilized
countries is truly wonderful. There are probably few
individuals in this assembly who took their morning's
meal this day, without the use of articles brought from
almost every part of the world. The table on which
it was served was made of mahogany, from a tree which
grew on the Spanish Main or one of the West India
islands, and it was covered with a table-cloth from St.
Petersburg or Archangel. The tea was from China ;
the coffee from Jamaica ; the sugar from the West
India Islands ; the silver spoons from Mexico or Peru ;
the cups and saucers from England. Each of these
articles was purchased by an exchange of other pro-
ducts—the growth of our own or foreign countries—
collected and distributed by a succession of voyages,
often to the farthest corners of the globe. Without
cultivating a rood of ground, we taste the richest
fruits of every soil. Without stirring from our fireside,
we collect on our tables the growth of every region.
In the midst of winter, we are served with fruits
that ripened in a tropical sun ; and struggling monsters
are dragged from the depths of the Pacific Ocean to i
lighten our dwellings.
"As all commerce rests upon accumulation, so the
accumulation of every individual is made by the ex-
changes of commerce to benefit every other. Until
he exchanges it, it is of no actual value to him. The
tiller of a hundred fields can eat no more, the proprietor
of a cloth factory can wear no more, and the
owner of a coal mine can sit by no hotter a fire than
his neighbours. He oust exchange his grain, his cloth,
and his coal for some articles of their production, or for
money, which is the representative of all other articles,
before his accumulation is of service to him. The
system is one of mutual accommodation. No uvan can
promote his own interest without promoting that of
others. So the minutest excess or defect in the supply
of any one article of human want, produces an effect—
though often a trifling or an insensible one—ron the
exchanges of all other articles. In this way Providence
furnishes to the countless millions of the human family,
through an interminable succession of exchanges, the
supply of their diversified and innumerable wants.

" 11. In order to carry on this system of exchanges
it is necessary that the articles accumulated should be
safe in the bands of their owners. The laws of so-
ciety for the protection of property were founded upon
the early and instinctive observation of this truth. It
was perceived, in the dawn of civilization, that the only
way in which man could elevate himself from barba-
rism, and maintain his elevation, was by being secured
in the possession of that which he had saved from daily
consumption, this being his resource for a time of sick-
ness, for old age, and for the wants of those dependent
upon him, as well as the fund out of which, by a system
of mutually beneficial exchanges, each could contribute
to the supply of the wants of his fellow men. To
strike at the principle which protects his earnings or
his acquisitions—to destroy the assurance that the field
which he has enclosed and planted in his youth will re-
main for the support of his advanced years—that the
portion of its fruits whichhe does not need for immediate
consumption will remain a safe deposit, under the pro-
tection of the public peace—is to destroy the life-spring
of civilization. The men who denounce accumulation •
are barbarians. It places man below the condition of
most of the native tribes in the wilds of America. No
man will voluntarily sow that another may reap. You
may place a man in a paradise of plenty on this con-
dition, but its abundance will ripen and decay un-
heeded. At this moment, the fairest regions of the
earth—Sicily, Turkey, Africa, the loveliest and most
fertile portions of the East, the regions that, in ancient
times, after feeding their own numerous and mighty
cities, nourished Rome and her armies—are occupied
by oppressed and needy races, whom all the smiles of
heaven and the bounties of the earth cannot tempt to
strike a spade into the soil, farther than is requisite for
a scanty supply of necessary food, because person and
property arc not protected. On the contrary, establish
the principle that property is safe, that a man is secure
in the possession of his accumulated earnings, and he
creates a paradise on a barren heath ; he builds up
his dykes against the ocean, and cultivates a field be-

neath the level of its waves, and exposes his life fear-
lessly in sickly jungles and among ferocious savages.
Establish the principle that his property is his own,
and he seems almost willing to sport with its safety.
He will trust it all in a single vessel, and stand calmly
by while she unmoors for a voyage to distant lands.
He knows that the protection of his country accom-
panies it, and guards it as vigilantly, in the loneliest
island of the South Sea as though it were locked in his
coffers at home. He is not afraid to send it out on
the ocean, for he knows that the law of nations will
protect it there. He sleeps quietly, though all that he
has is borne upon six inches of plank on the bosom of
the deep waters ; for even if the tempest should bury it
in the deep, he has assured himself against rein by the
agency of those institutions (Insurance Companies)
which modern civilization has devised for the purpose
of averaging the losses of individuals upon the masa."
We shall resume the subject.

TREASURE HUNTING EXTRA-
ORDINARY.

The pension board of Chelsea Hospital have lately
been made acquainted with a singularly ingenious fraud
which has been practised under the following circuit.
stances :—A man passing under the name of Beresford,
but whose real name is John Conway, a pensioner of
the Hospital, who had served under his Grace the Duke
of Wellington at the battles of Vittoria and Waterloo,
in the latter of which he lost one of his hands, has been
the principal actor in this fraud, in co-operation with a
person named Middleton, who is understood to be
very respectably connected. The dupe is a Mr. Lang-
ley, a retired tradesman, now staying in London, but
formerly resident in Liverpool, where by assiduity and
perseverance in his business for a number of years he
accumulated a very comfortable independence. About
four months ago Mr. Langley, intending to make a tour
of England for the benefit of the impaired health of his
wife, was proceeding, accompanied by her, by the Holy-
head mail to Chester, and fell in with Beresford, who
was a fellow-passenger, but who was until that time an
entire stranger. Beresford possessed considerable con-
versational powers, and beguiled the tediousness of the
journey by relating his exploits in arms, and hinted that
had he but a few hundred pounds he could realize a for-
tune, as he and a comrade had secreted amongst some
ruins in Vittoria a treasure, consisting of gold coin,
Spanish dollars, and jewellery, to the amount of upwards
of 10,0001. His comrade, he said, was shot on the
battle field of Vittoria, and the secret was confined to
him alone. Mr. Langley readily took the bait, and
after many skilful misrepresentations on the part of
Beresford, it was ultimately agreed that the three, ac-
companied by Middleton, whom Beresford had intro-
duced to his dupes as a person whose services were
indispensably necessary, from his knowledge of conti-
nental stratagems, to secure the safe transit of the trea-
sure to this country, should forthwith proceed to Vit-
toria, Mr. Langley undertaking to advance the neces-
sary expenses, and in the meantime feasting the cheats in a
most liberal manner. The projected tour of England was
abandoned for that of a visit to the Continent, and they
proceeded direct to Falmouth, where they embarked for
Lisbon, and arrived, after a pleasant voyage. Here
Beresford played upon the timidity of Mr. Langley and
his wife by representing that the country was in such an
unsettled state as to render their proceeding any further
extremely dangerous, and it was finally agreed upon that
Mr. and Mrs. Langley should return to Falmouth,
while Beresford and his companion prosecuted the
riTohrids
promised
attainment of the object of their journey, the former
having induced Mr. Langley to place in his hands the
sum of 1501. to defray expenses. Beresford then pur-
chased fire-arms, and made every show of prepara-
tion for the journey, and Mr. and Mrs. Langley re-
traced
their et
o join a y
themba
a k t
to
the earliest Falmouth,
i r
he did in about two months, and stated that they bad
been only partially successful, as they bad been obliged
w where
opportunity.
to use great caution to prevent observation, but that
the greater portion of the treasure had been lodged in
the hands of a confidential friend of his, who was con-
nected with the Spanish Embassy,
who promised to
bring it over to England ; and he at the time produced a re,
ceipt purporting to be from that party, guaranteeing to de-
liver the treasure in England on the payment of three hun-
dred pounds. Beresford displayed several gold rings
and a splendid gold chain, which he asserted was part
of the spoil ; and, after a time, asked for an advance of
fifty pounds more, which was refused by Mr. Langley,
who began to entertain suspicions that all was not right.
Beresford expressed himself indignant that his request
was not complied with, and withdrew. Middleton
shortly afterwards exposed to Mr. Langley the manner
in which he had been duped. He was induced to do
this in consequence of Beresford cheating him of his
share. He stated that, after the departure of Mr. and.
Mrs. Langley, neither himself nor Beresford proceeded
any further, but lived in a princely style, and that Be-
resford often drank in derision the toast of " Langley and
Vittoria." The rings, &c., had been bought by Berea-
ford for the sake of aiding the deception, and the chain
he wore had been got in exchange for an elegant and
valuable one presented to him by Mr. Langley. It turns
out that this is the third similar trick Beresford has [vac.
tised. Mr. Langley estimates his own loss in this trea-
sure-seeking affair to be upwards of 500/.

HIGHWAY ROBBERY.--011 Thursday night, be-
tween 11 and 12, as Mr. Joseph Banner,. a gentleman
residinm in Church-buildings, Clapham Common, was
returning home along the Poynder-road, Clapham New
Park, he was attacked by two men, who stopped him,
and with horrid imprecations demanded his money. for
Banner being a powerful man, struggled with. them for
some time, but they eventually overpowered him, and
forcibly took from his pocket his pocket-book, containing
a bill for .50/. and a 101. Bank of England note, with
which they escaped across the park towards Brixton.

. ~ _.~
~,
`~ ~-~~

--s

competition for land, till at length there would be a ten-
siderable fall in the rent of land in Irelend, and the Irish
peasant would rise in the scale of existence and be happy.
" The evil, therefore, being in the competition for and
consequent high rent of land, and as this evil can only t)e
removed by a repeal of- the Corn-laws, so is it of main
Consequence that, as long as these laws exist, Ireland must
be ruled by plain downright force, or by a variety
of miser-
able tricks and expedients all terminating in a waste of
money, a corruption of manners, and the total perversion
of all sound public principle. To this pass, therefore, are
things come, that, in otder to benefit a small knot of
haughty, unfeeling, rapacious landlords, the well-being of
millions is disregarded, famine and misery s. talk through
the land, and all good government in Ireland is impossible.
" The third and last thing to be noticed is the
.heavy
tax imposed by the Corn-laws in the enhanced price of
food, the consequence of which is, that so large a portion
of the labour and income of the community being expended
in the acquisition of the bare necessaries of life, there re.
mains less for other purposes, and the less, by consequence,
is the power to pay the taxes of the Government.
" And therefore as, while the Corn-laws increase the
public burdens, they not only diminish the income of the
community, but also render that income less productive, it
is impossible for the wit of man or devil to devise a scheme
of things more essentially pernicious and deadly destruc-
tive of the best interests of society."
We have before now, we believe, put before our
readers most of the points which Mr. PAGE puts
to tersely and so clearly, and we have now his calm
and deliberate sanction, and also that of the Times,
for the name of "Devil's laws" which we gave to the
Corn-laws. He defies even the wit or wickedness
of the Devil to invent anything more mischievous.
We have also expressly applied his argument res-
pecting Ireland to our own fever and filth-infected
towns, and have charged the want of room, the
disease and death mentioned by Dr. SMITH, and
paraded by the Bishop of LONDON, on the refusal
to allow corn to be imported, which Mr. PAGE justly
describes as a refusal to allow land to be imported.
But we hail his illustration of Ireland as exceedingly
apposite at this moment, because we see that Mr.
W. S. O'BRIEN, M.P., has just issued a " long
and elaborately drawn manifesto to the Electors of
' the County of Limerick," in which he defends his
vote against Mr. VILLIERS' motion, on the ground
that it would injure agricultural labourers. Ac-
cording to this landlord, it is beneficial to the
farmers and labourers of Ireland to pay their idle
landlords 20 or 40 per cent, more for their land
than they would have to pay were the Corn-laws
abolished. Mr. PAGE would teach him better ;
but landlords, we have long been convinced, are so
blinded by their stupid selfishness, that they are
wholly incapable of learning. They may be
taught by some convulsion, when it will be too late
to learn to any profit ; but till that comes, they
will learn nothing. Mr. O'BRIEN would have the
Irish go on growing lumpers by grubbing up the
earth with their miserable instruments, and so com-
peting with one another for a scanty and wretched
subsistence, instead of allowing their land, if that
would be the most profitable, to be converted into
pasture, while they obtained an abundance of food
and clothing by using the admirable mechanical
contrivances of modern ingenuity.
Mr. O'BRIEN, like the writer in the Herald,
avows that his object—and the object of the law—is
to keep up prices, while the sole end and object of all
the ingenious inventions, and of the striving and
struggling of modern times, is to reduce them, so as
to bring food, clothing, comforts, and luxuries,
within the reach of a greater and greater
number of well provided human beings.
Against this law of human nature,—the prin-
ciple of all social improvement,—the source of all
the increasing supply of the wants of man, the
i2orn-law is avowedly erected as a barrier. It is
not to check vice or crime, but the progress of so-
ciety. When such devilish laws constitute the
practice of Legislators, how can they wonder that
devilish theories fill the hearts of their subjects ?
To be consistent as long as they preserve the Corn-
laws, stopping the increase of food, they ought to
patronise the doctrines of MARCUS, and authorise
the establishment of OWENIsM, in order to put a
stop to competition, and the increase of the
species.

THEATRE ROYAL. COVENT GARDEN.
UNDER TILE MANAGEMENT OF MADAME

N'ESTIIN
THIS EVENING S:ATURD.AY, Cm 26, 1839,
THE FOURTH CLYMPIC NIGHT,
Will be acted the ilurletta of

YOU CAN'T MARRY YOUR GRANDMOTHER.
Sir Robert Bloomli, Mr. W. Farren ; Algernon Bloomly,
Mr. Charles slat;hCws ; Tom Swan, Mr. Keeley ; Ready,
Mr. James Vining; Susan Trim, Mr. Orger; Emma Mel-
ille, Madame Vestris.

After which.
ADVICE GRATIS.
Mr. Odbodv, Mr. W. Farrel, ; Mr. Eventide, Mr. F. Mat-
thews; Mrs. Eventide, Mrs. Orger.
To which will be added,
ONE HOUR! OR, A CARNIVAL BALL!
Mr. Charles Swiftly, Mr. Charles Mathews! Miss Dalton,
Madame Vestris.
To coucluril with a Purletta called
A QUIET DAY.
Mr. Augustus Somerday, Mr. Keeley; Mrs. Somerday,
Mrs. Orger.

On Monday, Artaxerxes, with Ask No Questions, and The
Queen's Horse.

On Tuesday, Rule a Wife and Have a Wife, with Why Don't
Yon Marry ? and Dr. Dilworth.
Dress Boxes, is; s=econd PHee, 3s. 6d. ; First and Second
Circles. ss. ; Second Price, -2:-. ; Pit, 3s. ; Second Price,
2s. ; Gallery, Is.
Doors to be opened at half-pa.,:. Six—the performances to
commence at Seven o'Cluck.

„...
Tickets and places for the Boxes to be taken of Mr. Notter,
at the Box-offlee, from Ten till Four, where Season Tickets
may be had upon application.
Private Boxes to be had solely of Mr. Andrews, bookseller,
167, New Bead-street.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE,
The production ut Ainsworth's " Jack Sheppard," hag attracted
complete overflows, and been pronounced to he :.he greatest
achievement ever yet attempted, it will consequently be
acted every Evening.
THIS EVENING, OCT. 23,
Will be acted, Ainswrwth's celebrated Drama of
JACK SH EPPARD.
Illustrating all Cruikshanks' inimit-able Tableaux Vivant.
Characters by Messrs. Saville, Dale, Heslop, Laws, Smith,
Ross, Neville; Mrs. Vining, Mxs., Daly, Miss Martin, Miss
Grant, M►s. Laws, &c.

To conclude with tl-.a Comic Drama ettitled
THE SPtCTEiE ERIDEGIIOO3I.

TO CORRESPONDENTS.
We arc obliged by " Agens' " Communication, but we
shall be unable to find room for it.
The paragraphs, of which Mr. Scales complains in his
letter to the Morning Chronicle, did not appear in The
Sun, and we cannot, therefore, see any necessity for
inserting it.

- - - - - -
Flinn WATER AT LONDON BRIDGE 10.110ftROW
%turning 2i minutes after 4. t Evening .4g minutes after 5.

o\r_ 2
'l, ;
• 4.4,

,Q,4lt>

LONDON :
SA,"DURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1839.

We have found another,.--
able auxiliary in our
war against the Corn-laws iit a Mr. RICHARD
PAGE, a gentleman well knoNn for his talents in
the City of London, and who has, we believe, for
some years past been the financial oracle of the
Times. By that Joutnal yesterday extracting some
of Mr. PAGE'S rerAarks on the effects of the Corn-
law, we conclude. that it is not yet converted to that
part of the To ;y creed which declares it right to
starve the P.Jol,ie to enrich the landowners. But
unless it adopt that, we can inform the Times,
that all its services to Toryism will be of no
avail, It may bawl for the Church till even
the priesthood will be tired of hearing the
iteration ; it may rave against the Whigs till even
the Tories shall think they are enough abused ; but
these eminent services will not suffice to procure
1 the favour of either tithe-lords or landlords, unless
it also make common cause with them in uphold-
ing that law which is the means of maintaining
~their superiority, and starving the people. The
,'Times cannot serve Gon and INIANtmoN, and it
must either follow the Herald, the Post, and the
Standard, and defend the Tory starvation-law, or
It must give up, and be given up by those Tories to
please whom its columns are now daily filled with
the most virulent abuse of their opponents. Mr.
PAGE'S opinion, as quoted in the Times, is very
strong against the Corn-laws.
" The Corn-laws," he says, " limit the market for the
products of our manufacturing industry, they lower profit
and wages, and so diminish the income of the community,
And this both absolutely and proportionally. There is
les* trade, and this trade is carried on at a reduced rate of
Prrfit, sad so that, to all the extent of the diminution of
ItnYle.t, our absolute income is diminished at the same rate
l'ut,, Profit. and, to all the extent of the lowering of profits
r proportional income is diminished upon the same
! amouilt ut trade.
atoll of tr,de Consequentotherwise,increase
on the repeal of the Corn-laws,
wouldii,by,...,nan u..crease in the total income of the com-
munity,?
pn.fit. And b..
atru.er,re should be no rise in the. rate of
in the income Yof ofthie,rprofits there would be an increase
oniiii,unity, if even there should be
I no extension of trade:
income,
consequent
then, must be the in-
when,crease of
bu
t(. goent on a repeal of the
iCorm laws, there would be 1. arise of profits and an
extension of trade !
1 4, Secondly, the Corn laws cease an addition to the Go-
i vernment taxes, and this is in No way,.
1 I. By increasing the expenditure of the Govedrnment
1 in their purchases of provisions for the armyevaenn nayy.
r This increase amounts to a considerable sum
in time
i of peace, and in aver It would he enormous.
2. By rendering all government in Ireland impracti-
table, except by means o f a nii:Aary force, which is the cc.
casicn of taxes; or the jobbing expenditure of large suns
of money For the prosecution of what are called public
welks ; and this again is the recasion ,:f taxes.
Now, that this proceeds from the Corn-laws may very
easily be made appear, for it rout be plain to every on,
who will but for a moment turn his reflections on the mat-
ter. that the a lone original cause of the distress
of the Irish peasantry, and which in very fact ocea_
! sion3 more misery to be crowded into one single p:-o-
vine° of Ireland than in ail the rest of Europe together,put
p
is the excessive corn petition for land ; and for this there
neither is nor can be hut one remedy, and that is to in-
-1 Crease the quantity
. Now, this would immediately be ac-
t complished by a repeal of the Ci.rn-laws ; for, as to im-
port corn is virtually to import the land which produced
that corn, so i.; it clear that every importation of corn cr
fo:ed of any description is a virtual addition to the produc-
tive soil of the country.
" And therefore, as the more corn we imported in re- I
turn for our manufactures, the greater virtually would be I
the quantity of land imported, so the less also would be the

We understand that Colonel CUNNINGHAM and
Lieutenant-Colonel Sir F. SMITH, of the Royal
Engineers, and Mr. BARLOW, of the Royal
Military College at Woolwich, are appointed Com-
missione►s, in pursuance of the Address of the
House of Commons, to inquire into, and report on
the different proposed Railway communications
between London and Edinburgh.

It will be seen, by a communication that appears
in another part of The Sun of this day, that a
Grand Fancy Ball and Concert are to take place
on the fourteenth of November, at Guildhall, for
the benefit of the Polish Refugees. This is an
excellent suggestion, and will, we trust, be taken
up and followed out with spirit, for the best
feelings of humanity are interested in its suc-
cess. No nation on the face of the earth have
such strong claims on our sympathies, as the
Poles. Their name is a synonyme for free-
dom ; they have fought and bled in the same
righteous cause to which our own energies have
ever been unremittingly devoted ; and the only dif-
ference between us is, that we have succeeded, and
they have failed, in the struggle. In proportion as
we set a high value upon freedom, should we
sympathize with those Polish patriots who
have made so many efforts, against over-
whelming odds, to secure the inestimable boon.
If they be now beset by poverty, and the
thousand evils which that gaunt spirit never fails to
bring in its train, it is because they have held fast
by the right cause ; and because in their extreme
need they have resisted all the golden induce-
ments which their Russian oppressor would gladly
have held out, as the price of Polish apos-
tacy. A Pole in rags is —in the pre-
sent situation of that country—a far prouder
spectacle than a Pole glittering with Stars and
Orders. His very destitution is his noblest badge
of honour. It proves him to be steadfast—incor-
ruptible ; the sworn foe of despotism—the tried
friend of freedom. Honour, we say, to such
men : They are worthy of all admiration ; and
sorry indeed, and disheartened should we be, did
we think it likely we should ever see the day when
Englishmen would fail to sympathize warmly in
their behalf.

It is appropriately remarked in the recent Num-
ber of the Edinburgh Review, a propos of
WILKES, that tyranny always seeks to strike at
liberty through the sides of some one of her unworthy
votaries. WILKES was an immoral man, and the
Government of his day thought it might establish
a precedent with regard to him, which it would not
venture to attempt in regard to a man of better
character and reputation. Something of the same
kind happens in our day, but with some differences.
The Chartists are not immoral, but they are ex-
tremely unpopular. So far as finding support in
the country, they are worse off than WILKEs, and
in their persons liberty—so far as that is protected
by our laws and institutions—seems likely to be
severely wounded. The Government is not in-
clined to oppress them, but the bulk of the middle
classes are terrified at them. Between them
and the Government, as between the Govern-
ment and WILKES, there has been no per-
sonal quarrel ; it only allows the law to
take its course, but the subordinate administrators
of the law, catching the sentiments of that class
amongst whom they live, and of whom they arc,
execute it with severity or carelessness, which in
other cases they would avoid. Our Paper yester-
day referred to two such cases,. those of Messrs.
LOVETT and COLLINS and of
Now, but for the unpopularity ofitrcleis3e. °.l3individualsilik:N.
amongst the classes who usually Give the impulse to
public opinion—and unpopularity in its ell.L.' "
cases would
the same as a bad reputation those
ery general in-
have excited, we have no doubt, a v

dignation, and the Warwick Magistrates, as well as
the Police Magistrates and Inspectors, would have
been loudly denounced. We did our duty by re-
probating both these infractions of popular rights at
the time they first took place, bUt some experience
having convinced Us that public writers cannot create
a general feeling contrary to the conviction and
prejudices of the public, we have not dwelt on the
theme. The public would not have gone with us,
and we should have wasted space that has, we hope,
been employed in enforcing acceptable truths or
conveying useful information.

The Tory journals, however, seeing in Mr. B.
O'BRIEN's letter a vehement attack on the Whigs,
have pointed it against the Ministers. They ought
to have proved that the Ministers had been forward
in ordering his arrest, or in treating him with indig-
nity. The fact is not so. Mr. B. O'BRIEN is
the victim of the strong hatred of popular rights,
and of every approach to democracy, which the To-
ries have carefully nourished. Of the injustice of
their journalists, and of their hatred to those prin-
ciples which Mr. B. O'BRIEN advocates, though
they make use of him, their silence
regarding the severer treatment of :Messrs.
LOVETT and COLLINS is a convincing
proof. They are the deadly enemies of the cause
in which Mr. O'BRIEN is engaged, though they
use his complaints to attack the Ministers. One
of them goes so far as to declare that the Torics
cannot innocently look on the punishment of the
Chartists while they tolerate, that is, do not im-
peach, the Ministers. The Standard flatters the
Chartists by affirming that the Ministers should be
punished. They have transgressed no sworn law,
and the stickler for law, when his own personal
views are opposed, blames the Ministers for merely

causing the laws to be executed, and would make a

law to hang them. Such barefaced perver-
sions of all the usual principles of the Tories,
to serve a momentary purpose, will not de-
ceive the Chartists. The conduct of the
Standard is a good evidence of the baseness of the

Tories, not of their desire to protect freedom.
The fact is that the Ministers on this subject
have acted on a Tory sentiment, have executed a
Tory law, and are supported by the Tories
throughout the country. Were the Tories in

heir places, grape shot would be substituted for

indictments, and charges of cavalry would be the
mode of seizing those Chartists whom they would
transport for life, or consign to an infamous death
at the gallows. We detest the unnecessary seve-
rity, not to say cruelty, of which Mr. B. O'BRIEN
complained ; and we detest the severity with which
a more worthy man than Mr. O'BRIEN, Mr.
LOVETT has been treated ; but we are well con-
vinced that had the Tories been in office the seve-
rity of the Whigs would have been gentleness itself
compared to the mercy of the Tories. When
not one Tory journal said a word about the
Chartists, except to aggravate their offences, and
stimulate the Government to institute prosecutions,
we opposed with all our power the assaults that
were made on public liberty through them. The
Chartists will not for one moment, therefore, sus-
pect us of deserting that cause when we warn them

that the pretended sympathy of the Tories for them
and Mr. O'BRIEN is meant, if possible, to make
them instrumental in re-establishing the Tory
tyranny, which is ten times worse than the govern-
ment of the Whigs.

It will be seen from a report in another part of
the Paper, that a meeting has been held in the
City, for the purpose of presenting to the LORD
MAYOR some testimonial of gratitude for the ad-
mirable manner in which he has performed his
official duties. There can be but one opinion on
this subject among the great majority of the citi-
zens of London, and, we may add, of the inhabi-
tants of the Metropolis. He has been assiduous
in his duty—impartial in the administration of
justice, active in discovering and redressing abuses,
and although said to be strongly attached to Tory po-
litics, he has not, in any one instance, come forward
as a partisan, or forgotten thegreat object for which a
Chief Magistrate is appointed, the wel-being of his
fellow-citizens of all classes, sects, and parties.
For the discharge of one part of his Magisterial
office he deserves the highest praise. From
the commencement of his Mayoralty, and we
may now say, to the end, he has exerted
himself unceasingly to put down an abominable
monopoly which has robbed the inhabitants of Lon-
don of some 500,0001. annually, and caused dis-
ease, and in many instances death, among the half-fa-
mished poor. He did this, too, at the expense of pri-
vate friendship, and with the certainty of dire hos-
tility from a most powerful body, who were interested
in upholding the abuse, and who consequently left no
scheme untried to defeat his object. This is
an example which, we trust, will be imitated ;
and for this humane, generous, and fearless con-
duct, no honour the inhabitants of London can
confer, would, by unprejudiced persons, be con-
sidered misplaced.

The Baptist Ministers of Jamaica, as ourr cadets
are aware, lately presented an Address to the Go-
vernor of that Colony, as a mark of respect on his
retirement from his office, during the continuance
of which lie had thrown over them the shield of
his protection against the furious enmity of the
planters and their servants. To this Address Sir
LIONEL SMITH made a reply which is worthy of
notice, not for the pretended sensation which it has
excited among the opponents of negro emancipation
in Jamaica, but for the evidence which it contains
of the falsification of all those prophecies of miscon-
duct on the part of the blacks, with which the
abettors of slavery made the welkin ring on both
sides of the Atlantic, and for the well-grounded
hope which it holds out of the permanent prospe-
rity of that Island under a system of free labour.
Both these documents will be found in another
part of The Sun.

The Address, while it bears testimony to the
im-
portant services which Sir LIONEL SMITH has.
rendered to the cause of humanity, and to the in-
terests of the Colony, by the manner in which he
has discharged the duties of his high office, natu-
rally deplores the loss of such a Governor at a
time when the Ministers of the Baptist
persuasion are at the mercy of their bitter
enemies—entirely defenceless, and without the
least protection from the law. How can this
be, it may perhaps be asked ? How can it
happen that any portion of the community can be
without protection from the law ? Let the contu-
macious Assembly of Jamaica answer the ques-
tion. These magnanimous legislators of Lilliput
have placed their functions in abeyance, have re-
fused to make any of those alterations in the civil
polity of the island, which the change from slavery
to freedom demanded. Hence it is that every
office of trust is in the hands of the whites, almost
all of whom are in the slavery interest. Hence it
is that the tried friends of the negroes, " through
good report and through bad report"—the Baptist
ministers, are at the mercy of juries selected from
among their relentless enemies, many of whom,
their address states, have violated the solemn sanc-
tion of an oath to gratify their feelings of hostility
towards them.

that smells so rank in the nostrils of planters, attor-
nies, and overseers. These petty tyrants had made
the negroes brutes, and wished to keep them so
tile ilaptist missionaries inculcated the doctrine that
the negroes were men, and made them Christians.
Can we wonder that they are hated and persecuted
by those who have set both humanity and Chris-
tianity systematinily t deBatice
While, however, the missionaries have the testi-
mony of their own consciences to the rectitude of
their course, the proof of the efficacy of their noble
labours afforded by the conduct of the negro popu-
lation, and the evidence of such men as Sir LIONEL
SMITH in favour of their meritorious exertions,
they may smile at the calumnies of their persecu-
tors. " Where," asks the Governor, " are
the vagrants ? Where the squatters ? Where
the injuries against the properties or the per-
sons of white men ? Out of the 300,000 op-
pressed slaves let loose in one day to equal rights
and liberty, not a human being that mass has
committed himself in any of those dreaded of aces.
The admirable conduct of the peasantry in such a
crisis, has constituted a proud triumph to the cause
of religion ; and those who contributed to enlighten
them in their moral duties, through persecutions,
insults, and dangers, have deserved the regard and
esteem of the good and the just in all Christian
countries."

In the next paragraph of the answer we find the
only means described by which the estates of the
absentee proprietors can ever be expected to yield
anything like a profitable return. The great error
into which they have fallen—the cause of the re-
luctance which has been manifested by the negroes
in certain quarters to work, is the continuing of
such persons in the management of properties, as
have rendered themselves obnoxious by their ty-
ranny, or by their fraudulent conduct in their trans-
actions with the black population. A change, for
the better, in this respect, Sir LIONEL SMITH
states, is already in progress. When it is com-
pleted, then, and not till then, will Jamaica be
productive and prosperous.

Letters and Papers from Madrid of the 17th
instant, have come to hand. Several addresses
were presented to the Cortes by provincial Corpo-
rations, thanking them for unanimously adopting
the resolution of the 7th for maintaining the fueros
inviolate. The address i❑ answer to the Speech
from the Throne was read in the Chamber of
Deputies on the 16th, but as it has yet to be
adopted by that assembly we shall take no further
notice of it save that it is entirely in unison with
the conciliatory spirit displayed by the represen-
tative body since the opening of the Chambers.
ESPARTERO was on the 16th at Muniesa.

The cause of this hostility, however the planters
may strive to keep it in the back ground, is ex-
plained in a single line of Sir LIONEL
S m TH'S reply.
telk the Ministers
that they have " iaised the negroes from
the mental degradations of slavery to the cheering
obligations of Christiariity." " Thus," he con-
tinues, were the negrocs "taught that patient cn•
durance of evil which has so materially contributed
to the general tranquillity." This is the offence

The French Government, alarmed at the earnest-
ness with which the Liberal journals have de-
nounced the granting of passports to DON
CARLos, annowiees, through the official columns of
the Monitero. of Thursday, that the report cf
passports having been forwarded to the Pretender
is unfounded. We are very glad of this ;as the
liberation of CARLOS at the present moment
would greatly embarrass the Queen's Government,
and most probably lead to the commission of more
frightful atrocities than have yet taken place in
Spain. But though the passports have not been
actually forwarded, a correspondent of the Com-
merce, writing from Vienna, under date of the 10th
inst., informs that journal, that the liberation
of the Pretender has been settled for some
time between the Cabinets of Paris and Vienna
Never were the Conferences between the"
French Ambassador anti the Imperial Ministry
more frequent than since the arrival of CARLOS at
Bourges. Notwithstanding the personal incapacity
of the Pretender, and the cruelties of his Generals,
which have always received his direct sanction, he
is still, as the representative of Absolutism, a pro-
digious favourite with the Great Northern Powers
even more so than the illustrious " by courtesy"
Duke of CUMBERLAND and Autocrat of all the
Hanoverians, boors, burghers, and Professors.
The writer further states that Count DE ST. Au-
LAiltE, the French Minister, had assented to the
propositions of Austria and Russia relative to
CARLOS, and that orders had been given to
provide apartments at Salzburg for the
Pretender and his family. The French
Government does not seem to perceive that the
drift of the Northern Powers in giving an asylum
to Pretenders to the thrones of France and Spain,
is neither more nor less than to secure the means of.
exciting at ally moment, civil wars in these countries,
should they incur the hostility of the Absolutists.
The Commerce publishes the following letter
from Perpignan, dated the 17th instant, giving an
account of the capture of Moya and Castel Tersol
by the Carlists, under Count D'ESPAGNE :
" On the 10th inst., at nine in the morning, the Count
D'Espagne appeared before Moya and summoned the place
to surrender. The inhabitants having refused to open
their gates, the Carlist artillery opened a fire upon the forti-
fications. The breach soon became practicable, the esca-
lade was ordered, and the town taken by assault, and all
the inhabitants fell by the sword. A part of the Christino
garrison retreated to the convent of Escolapios (Brethren
of the Christian Doctrine) and to the church. The walls
of the convent were sufficiently strong to protect the sol-
diery. The Count D'Espagne, to avoid bloodshed, then sent
a young Chartist chief to propose a capitulation. The Chris-
tines, in the hope of being reinforced, detained the envoy
for a considerable time, but at length sent him back ; but
scarcely had he left the convent when a general discharge
of musketry from the Christinos laid him dead on the
field. The exasperated Carlists flew to arms, scaled the
wa►ls with ladders, and, in spite of the courageous defence
made by the garrison, they got possession of the roof, and
massacred without mercy the 300 Christinos who had taken
Vefuge there. Those who were barricaded in the church,
seeinglhat all resistance would be in vain, proposed a capi-
tation, which was granted, and they, to the number of
150, laid down their arms, and were taken as prisoners to
Berge ; the town was then given over to the license of the
Carlist soldiers, who first sacked and then burnt it.
• " From Moya the Count D'Espagne marched on Castel
Tcrsol. There he was received by the ecclesiastical chief
and the authorities at the head of the people, who, dread-
ing to share the fare of Moya and many other places,
had signified to the Christino garrison that they would
not defend the town, and that they wished to open
the gates to the Carlist General. But the Count
D'Espagne was not satisfied with this actof submission.
He demanded that all the armed men should be sent out
of the place. These, to the number of between 150 and
200, presented themselves before the Count D'Espagne,
who said to them, • I order you to return to your homes
henceforth, to occupy yourselves in agricultural pursuits.
Lay down your arms, which were never intended for you._
remain quiet, and no harm shall be done to you.'
During these expeditions the Cariist Brigadier Thanes
surprised a part of the garrison of "alai, and took the pri-
soners to Berge.
" The Carlists have gained upwards of 1,000 muskets
in these affairs, which will serve to arm the recruits which
are flocking to their standard. They have also taken 1,200
prisoners, and Cabrera and the Count D'Espagne are both
resolved to resist to the last."

The Capitole, a Russian organ, has a long
article, intended to show that England is greatly
inferior to Russia as a Naval Power :

" England possesses but the powerless wreck of her once
formidable navy. Of 65 ships of the line, with which, by
rebaptizing them twice or thrice a.year, she contrives to
swell her nary list, 50 are unfit for service ; 40 of them have
been rebuilt or recast (ref ondus) three times, the rest twice.
Six only, and they ate the best in the eastern squadron,
are on their first timbers, and may consequently be deemed
to be at least 15 years old. Of the 50 held in reserve,
but which are totally unserviceable, four are guard-
ships. The rest are preserved in the dockyards, like
the mummies that are to be found in our museums.
" Of the 12 under the orders of Admiral Stopford, and
three which have been fitting out since the middle of June
last, the crews consist of 7,500' men only, being about the
complement necessary for seven sail of the line in time of
war. Of the 140,000 seamen who man the commercial
navy of England, only 45,000 are Englishmen, while of
the 120,000 which man the merchant ships of the United
States, 50,000 are British, 20,000 French, and 10,000 Ger-
mans, Italians, or Portuguese.
" Russia has twenty 'ail of the line in the Baltic. in
her ports on the Black Sea, in three divisions, twenty.
six, all armed and equipped. Five only of these have been
remodelled. The rest have come off the stocks within
these twelve years. This gives forty-six sail of the line
new, or nearly so, but at least perfectly solid. The mean
number of seamen on board these vessels is 700—total
34,960, or four times the number on board the British
fleet.

" To sum up—Decrepitudc, weakness, poverty, insolence,
hatred, ill-will, selfishness, on the one side ; on the other
—youth, health, vigour, strength. Russia possesses not
only her ancient limits, but, if necessary, the division and
the domination of the world."

Such is Russia's estimate of our naval strength,

Tlll2. SUN, LoNboN. sATfuttbAy, CerOBER 26, 1839

and were it correct we would res-son to
be alarmed. But though our Navy is not in so-
good a condition as we desire to see it, and as it
must St:drily IY!,:c..rrie under the present Administra-
tion of that department, it is giiil rbOcrfrAl enough
to enable us to laugh at the vauntings of Russia.

There is no domestic news in the French Jour-
nals. The publication of the King of HOLLAND'S
Speech caused a slight decline in the price of the
Dutch funds on Thursday.

Mr. CLARKSON and Mr. DOANE conducted the case
for the prosecution, and Mr. Sergeant A NuttEws and
Mr. BODKIN appeared for the prisoner.
Mr. CLARKSON stated the case to the Jury. The
melancholy circumstances to which he had to call the
attention of the Court had arisen out of a transaction
which took place at sea as long ago as the 14th of April
last. He appeared on behalf of the brother of the deceased,
who was Captain of the barque the Secret, which left
Liverpool in October last, bound for Valparaiso and
Guyaquil. The vessel having effected the purposes for
which it had gone, was upon its return homeward, in
about twenty degrees south latitude, at the southern
extremity of the coast of Peru, when the shocking act
took place, for the commital of which the prisoner was
placed at the bar. At this time the crew of the ship
consisted of a number of seamen, a passenger, of the
name of Hunsworth and his lady, and another passenger
of the name of Barnard, who had undertaken to work
a passage home. It, appeared that for some reason or
other the prisoner had been flogged more than once by
the order of the captain ; and upon the evening of the
13th of April he had been subjected to that discipline
in consequence of some irregularity. The mate of the
vessel, George Minty, on the 14th, had performed his
duty of the early watch, and had gone to bed, and while
there was awakened from his sleap by dreadful cries
and screams from the captain's cabin. Upon hearing
these the mate rushed out of bed, and went to the cap-
tain's cabin ; in doing which he passed the prisoner, who
had a dagger and pistol in his hand. The Learned
Counsel then proceeded at considerable length to detail
the facts of the case, which were fully detailed by the
following evidence which he called :
George Minty examined by Mr. DOANE—In the
month of October, 1838, was mate on board the Secret
Arthur White, the deceased, was Captain at that time.
She was bound for Valparaiso and Guyaquil, where she
arrived on the Ist of March, 1839. The prisoner
joined the vessel at Guyaquil as steward. On the
13th of April they were about 20 south latitude off the
coast of Peru. Recollected the prisoner at the bar being
flogged by order of deceased. Witness had the middle
watch on the 14th, and at four o'clock in the morning
went off duty and got into bed. Was awakened shortly
after by loud screams from the captain's state cabin, to
which witness instantly went. On going along he
passed the prisoner, who bad a dagger in one
hand and a pistol in the other ; he said if any
person came near him he would shoot them, blow
their brains out, or stab them. When he went into ,
the captain's cabin he saw him sitting upright in hia
bed, with a large dagger which helone,:ed to him in his
hand ; that dagger was safe ia witness's room when he
went to bed. The captain's feet were out of bed, there
was no pistol there. The dagger now produced was the

MAN SION-H OUSE—(THIS DAY.)
EXTRAORDINARY CASE. -- A respectable-looking
young man, whose name, under the circumstances, we
refrain from publishing, was brought up, charged with
having stolen 1501.
George Oyler Thirtell, of Steplehurst, Kent, gave
the following evidence :—About twelve months ago
he came to London on business, and soon after
his arrival met with a person in the Borough,
named Richardson, whom he had previously known.

During the week following they met several times, and
one day went together to Shadwell. On returning,
they called at a public-horse in Ratcliffe-highway, and
I had something to drink. The prisoner was there, seem-
ingly very elated. He said he was almost intoxicated with
joy at something that had occurred that morning.
He proceeded to say, that his father had died without a
will, and left only him and an elder brother—that
he had come to London, and his lawyer had found
out that the elder brother was born a few days previous
to wedlock—(Laughter)—and therefore that all the
property would come to him.
Thirtell—We had three glasses of brandy and cloves,
or gin and peppermint ; I don't recollect which.
The Loan MAYoß—Either of them are good things
for the purpose they had in view.
Thirtell—We dined at an eating-house, and the pri-
soner paid for the dinner, he was so rejoiced.
The Loan MAYOE—I. should think you rejoiced wise
in meeting so good a companion.—( Laughter.)
Thirtell—After dinner we went out, and the priso-
ner wanted to treat us with some wine. I said I would
not take advantage of him—(Laughter)—but had no
objection to take a glass of brandy. We went to the
George and Dragon, in Toole -street, and had some
brandy and water, into which something was put, which I
caused me to feel very much overcome in a short time,
butn of enough tot:ake my intellects away.—(Laughter.)
The prisoner said, " Perhaps I am doing very wrong
in coining among strangers in this way, for my lawyer
said I was to take care, and keep respectable company-
-(Great laughter.) I would spend one hundred
pounds freely among men of respectability, who would
not take advantage of me ; I don't mind giving
you five pounds a piece, to give away to
the poor of the parish."—(Laughter.) Richardson said
we had protected him in his property, and were re-
spectable men, and produced some money. I went to
the bank and fetched three 50/. notes, which
I showed to them, and then put the notes in
my pocket. I was about to go back to
' the bank when the prisoner pulled out his
money, and said, ~ I shall have mine doubled up and
put in my watch-pocket. Won't you have yours
done in the same way ? Richardson, double his ul) I'
I took the notes out of my pocket and was goin
to double them up when Richardson caught boldg-
of them and doubled them up before my eyes,
and put them, as I thought, in my pocket—(Laughter)
—and we then walked out together. When we got
outside the prisoner said, " I've left my gloves on the
table ;" and being nearest the door, I turned back to
fetch them. ..
The Loan MAYOR—It was uncommonly polite on
your part..—( Laughter.)
Thirtell—Too much so, my Lord, for on my return
they had both bolted, and I have never seen either Of
them until I met the prisoner this morning.
The prisoner, in his defence, denied all knowledge of
the transaction, and said that he had been in the ernPlnY
of a respectable firm until within the last few mouths.
The Loan MAYOR thought there must be some leis'
take as to the identity of the party.
He was liberated on entering into his own reeogniz
ances for his appearance on Tuesday next.
The Earl o—f
Derby is now at Knowsley
the possession of better health than for some time past.
Should the Noble Earl continue in the enjoyment of .e
good a state of health he will be in town early in t 4 so
ensuing spring. don
Viscount Falkland will leave the Clsren
Park In
Hotel on Tuesday next for the south of France, where
Lady .Falkland and his Lordship's son are awaiting hies
return from Windsor Castle. The Noble Lord cam,
up to town by the Great Western Railway to
the prorogation as ene of the Lords Commissioners. e
The marriage of Lord Glenlyon and Miss Honl
Drummond will be solemnized early in the approacbiot
week, at Dunkeld, Perthshire. 'rite
REDBOURNE HALL, NEAR BRIGG.---
Muria
Duke and Duchess of St. Alban's arrived, on TuestlaY
last, from Holly Lodge, Highgate, for the winter.
Lord Francis Egerton and Lady Charlotte Gre-
vile have arrived at Bridgewater House, from Worstel
Hall, Lancashire. Lord Francis Egerton, with Lerd
Evelyn and the Hon. Mr. Wortley, were to have sailed
from Lisbon last week for Gibraltar and Cadiz. ,
LEAMINGTON SPA, OCT. 24.—The Earl an
U
Countess of Cork, who have been residing here a few
weeks, have taken their departure from Marston House,
their seat near Frome. Lord and Lady Barham, ac-
companied by the Hon. C. Noel, have arrived from Ss'
ton-park, Rutlandshire, but leave to-morrow for 0100**
cestershire. Lord Blaney, Lord and Lady Harley.
Colonel and Lady Sophia Des Vceux, Lord Saye and
Sele, Sir Thomas Cochrane, M.P., Lady Palmer, the
Hon. Lindsey Burrell, Sir Edward and Lady Hamilton,_
&c., are among our recent arrivals. The Countess of
Charlemont, Lady Elizabeth Clements, Sir Alexaneyt„.
and Lady Bannerman, the Hon. Captain Bruce,
and Lady Caroline Pechell, Lord and Lady N
Nev_ipt,
Mr. and Hon. Mrs. Tollemache, Lord Sinclair, IP
count and Viscountess Dillon. .
RAMSGATE.—Her Royal Highness the Print'
cess Sophia Matilda of Gloucester honoured the WO
of Ramsgate on Thursday last, by a visit to their new
hall, for the purpose of inspecting the portrait of her
Majesty, painted by Mr. W. Fowler, and recentlY
placed their by Royal permission. Her Royal High-
ness was received by the Deputy, Richard TomsoN
Esq., the Rev. G. W. Sickleniore, Vicar of St. Law-
rence, the Commissioners of the town, and the or-
trait Committee. The Princess was pleased to e%Press
her entire concurrence in the opinion so universally ea-
tertained of the excellence of the likeness to her M
jesty, her admiration at the taste displayed in the frame
n
and drapery (the style of Louis Quatorze), ad her
thanks to the gentlemen composing the Committee (who
were severally introduced by the Deputy, and the Vicar
of St. Lawrence, to her Royal Highness) for the atten-
tions paid to her.—Kentish Times.
NEW ORGAN.—We are glad to hear that the
inhabitants of St. Peter's, Cornbill, are about to erect
an organ on the German scale, in their parish church.
and that they have already liberally subscribed upwards
of 3001. towards this desirable object. We believe
there is not any instrument on this plan in any of the
metropolitan churches, notwithstanding the high terms
in which the organ erected by Messrs. Gray for the
Grand Festival held in Exeter Hall in 1836, was spoken
of by Mr. Gauntlett in the pages of the " Musical
World," and by the writers of the different notices
which appeared in the various journals of that time:
We trust the example thus set will be speedily followed
by other parishes in the city of London, where new in'
btruments are so much required.—Musical World.
APOTHECARIES' HALL.—Names of gentlemen
to whom the Court of Examiners granted certificates o
qualification on Thursday :—Charles Radclyffe Dell'
Congleton ; Jukes Stirrop, Worcester ; John Turner,
Macclesfield ; Alfred William Warder ; Joseph VV„II..
ner Hodson, Staines : Charles James Freeman D"
ward 'Tye Woodward, Liverpool ; Samuel CromPon'
Manchester ; and Robert Nesbitt Robson, Durham.,,
The merchants of Harnburb are about to bull,
ste.:m-vessels to keep up an additional and continua '
mennu„.,cation between that port and Hull.
A Corresplondent of a Contemporary, Or till:
Dorset Chronicle, cites the following remarkable _se
stance of animal spivs:thy :—" Walking lately t‘ilre'lls,
the ground usually called ti,e Bishop's Park att,
when,
on the evening of a day which had been WY weh which
within about twenty yards of the deep tie" .
al parts,
runs through and divides it into two nearly 0ft'1....-.,_ and
I saw a full-grown mare standing
what then appeared to me (for I could but just cif.olo
part of its head and neck) to be her colt, falleon_J..,
on its margo;:eern
the trench, and unable to tree itself, on account f
rt.:
soft slimy bank which it had to climb. I walked::;,
ward—the mare did not recede, but seorsed more ea
:,
nest and agitated as I approached. I stood still.
tirt:_;,
five yards of her, and observed that there was do_
her
if not agony, in her demonstrations. I then noticed, '',:,
grasping within her teeth the mane of the
ject of her solicitude, twist most dexterously a I6:1S0111
of' its flowing hair round her mouth, plant her feet -,e to
in the ground, and with all her strength struggl,o
effect the captive's liberation. After much slA's jest i
and slipping, and straining and groaning. she Wallet I
helpieSS,ttlvit
in dragging the captive up the bank ; and then i'v 'aold
had supposed to be her colt I perceived to be an or
blind horse ! They stood for an instant as if to mutual
from. exhaustion, and to exchange an emotion of
of brute
joy. I was much charmed with this display °` ;coal,
sympathy, and sprang forward to caress the kind and
the
but the mare bounded away into the open field, 00 ter,
poor blind horse followed the sound of her foots, felt
until I saw them quietly. grazing in the distance.
~,_.."-..in.„
instructed,as I walked away, meditating upon that
g:b1,51
ture which says—" Ask the beasts of the field, the-.
teach thee. " . '
. ~, this
DRURY-LANE THEATRE.—Last nig-.
_...i. d
theatre was lit up, preparatory to its being. 0137.,a
this evening ; and the interior, after the cleaning_ and
this 1
redecorating that it has undergone, has a most
pile 1.,
and beautiful appearance. The seats have been _ ;ff.
covered, as well as the rails on the front of the I:o7.i._vte
The boxes also have been new papered, and the pe !_d
boxes re-decorated. The ceiling has been clean_ claire,
re•touched ; and from the brilliant light of the lob.
bies and the saloon have been fitted up in
eel
.st
her the most agreeable effect is produced. tThheerniost
elegant style, and certainly, as far as the arrantg e elia..
and decoration of the theatre are concerned, h 'nil
credit. We sincerely thruisstbehset :Is .
finangdeirlids ersaetrhersiciavzearyrdous enterprise answer
pectations.ofdetbhtes '
Muctholottasof beenh o e said
jostiyn,
psomyepo quarters
e o f sthe .
,_.
._paymen
hold from her Majesty the credit justly due of the late Duke of
,York. . have no desirteo tsouevelilteno
act of grace. But it should not be lost sight of tha. t
the Duke's executors had succeeded in hance*: 1_1:
establishing their claims against the Crown to. theitnninoecs
of Cape Breton, as comprised in a grant of the
ad
cf the province of Nova Scotia, which the CroVwn
made to the Duke for 60 Years from 1826. , TO Isse'red
must have either paid the 'Duke's debt.s. 0r.13,414,5e
the mines tobe worked for the benefit of the
,e.te?5140../'--- ,
Morniny Post. '".-se
