ADDRESS TO THE QUEEN.

The following address from the Mayor, Aldermen,
and Town Council of Sudbury, has been transmitted to
the Earl of Durham, to be presented to her Majesty :

TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.
We your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the
Mayor, Aldermen and Town Councillors of the Borough
of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, in council as-
sembled, beg most respectfully to approach your Ma-
jesty with feelings of the deepest gratitude and respect,
to express our admiration of the firmness and dignity
with which your Majesty repelled the attempt recently
made to interfere with the happiness and comfort of your
Majesty's domestic life, attempts which we believe to
have been as contrary to the precedents and practice of
our Constitution as we are sure they were from all those
generous and manly sympathies which arc characteristic
of all true, loyal, and devoted subjects.
The courage and frankness displayed by your Ma-
jesty upon this trying occasion, together with your Ma-
jesty's consistent support of a liberal and enlightened ad-
ministration, have engendered in the breasts of your
Majesty's affectionate and grateful people a feeling of
generous sympathy and regard towards your Majesty's
person, and universal disapprobation at the insulting and
unprecedented conduct of a disappointed party.
Animated with sincere attachment to the great prin-
ciples of civil and religious liberty, we earnestly implore
your Majesty to continue to give your confidence, and
be graciously pleased to retain in the administration of
the Government such enlighted men only as will most
steadfastly uphold the dignity of the Throne, protect
and extend the rights and liberties of the subject, pro-
mote improvements in all our institutions, and thus dif-
fuse knowledge and contentment, peace and prosperity,
throughout your Majesty's extensive dominions.
We earnestly and sincerely hope that Providence will
bestow upon your Majesty its choicest blessings, unin-
terrupted health and length of life ; and that your Ma-
jesty may be permitted to wield the sceptre of these
realms in the full enjoyment of your rights and royal
prerogatives, enabling you to preserve the subjects com-
mitted to your charge,in wealth, peace, and contentment,
and that you may long reign in the hearts of a free,
loyal, and united people.

A ROYAL LIQUOR.—At a public-house in
Vere-street, Clare Market, is to be seen a splendidly-gilt
cask, on which is painted—" To be had here, Queen
Victoria's Royal gin, fivepence per quarteru."

IT
-__ION
EVENING _. `l4---"'--- Ati(efGE -----:---
x.A. txl,f• NCR.
NAVAL INTEL. --,11, '..' raph. 1
k2' I ester from ........-.............
(From the Hampshire :. ‘•V eel* °in Malta -
PORTSMOUTH, JUNE B.—Extracts `,O Citik rporS °,f Comina '
dated May 22 :—" The division under 'l Jrrti--;ls4lerophon-:
dore Hyde Parker, consisting of the 1, follow *ng- ednesdaj'
and Talavera, returned to Malta from C 'nine 1- • Tiles
and the Castor from Zante on the day ' which . °
ships are now riding out their quara. vt, itchnir Iva/
ill Chief
Robert Stopford, the Naval Commandei '"'
ti_ fron, °e
this station, shifted his flag temporaril, th
~
,04
I, izio as
Princess Charlotte to the Dido, until si. mood of.
the Rodney is permitted to pratique, on "lee on a
which vessel it will be hoisted, during the abse. Princess
week's cruise to the westward of Sicily of the ' Zebra,
Charlotte, which, with the Vanguard, Asia, anu Zodure
sailed yesterday morning under the orders of Corn,
Sir Thomas Fellowes. On the return of these N essels,
which will be on the 29th, his Excellency the Adrnir 11 will
re-hoist his flag on board of the Princess Charlotte ', and
proceed with the squadron to the eastward. The W, mzle
arrived here from Barcelona on Satarday last, and on 1 the
9th instant the Talbot left Corfu for Cephalonia. The
men of war now in port are Dido, Ceylon, Belleropl ton,
Rodney, Talavera' Castor, Weazlc, steam frigate Rha de.
manthus, steamer Confiance."
The Druid, 44, Captain Lord John Chwchill, at F ly_
mouth, will be ready to go into the Sound on WiedneS lay 1
next. _

The Marquis of Huntley freight-snip having a, -rh-ecT
Cave, the draft from the depot companies of the
1- "u 65tb, 66th, 71st, 73d, and 93d regiments, dest " to
join the service companies of these corps, embark -ed on
board that vessel on the 30th and 31st of May, for 1 `forth
America.

The Pylades, 18, Commander Castle, arrived at Pi '-
mouth on Monday, from the coast of Africa.
The Benbow, J 2, Captain Houston Stewart, went out of
harbour on Monday. It is currently reported here that
this ship is to proceed to the Clyde, and complete her com-
plement with a few good men—she is only 40 short. It
will be a gratifying sight to our northern friends—a line-of-
battle ship in strange waters. This ship has been fitted
out and manned surprisingly quick, considering we have
not had a ship paid off here during her equipment. The
Belleisle and Blenheim were commissioned the same time
as the Benbow.

The Avoa troop-steamer is now conveying the depot
companies of the 73d from Cork to Chatham, frem which
place she will bring the depot of the 82d Regiment to
this garrison, and then transfer the depot of the 2d baixt.
of the 60th Rifles to Cork.
The Buffalo store-ship (Mr. Wood) sailed on Tuesday
for Canada, with the detachments of the Coldstreao.
Guards, and other regiments mentioned last week. The
Athol troop-ship sailed on the following day, with a de-
tachment of the 24th Regiment, for Cork, there to em-
bark others, and then to prccecd to the same destination.
The Hydra steam-frigate, which caught fire, is now
completed, having undergone alterations connected with
the fire-place and coal boxes (these alterations were sug-
gested by Mr. John Taplen, conductor of steam machinery
in the dockyard, and not by the commander of the Hydra,
as stated last week), and will prevent accidental fire taking
place from that cause in future.
The usual monthly examination of Midshipmen at the
Naval College is postponed to the 14th.
The following mates of the Excellent have been ad-
mitted into the Naval College upon the new system ; but
we are given to understand they are still retained on the
books of that ship :—Messrs. 0. J. Jones, W. C. Cham-
berlain, R. Moorman, A. P. Greene, W. H. Bridge, T.
Belgrave, G. G. Napier, H. C. Austin, and D. Miller
In Harbour.—The Britannia, Victory, Revenge, Ex—
cellent, Royal Ge)rge, Hydra (steam-frigate), Childers,
Clio, Lily, Messenger, and Kite steamers, and Diligence
(naval transport).
At Spithead.--Hastings and Benbow.
CHICHESTER INFIRMARY.—Out-patients admitted, 19 ;
discharged, 6 ; In-patients admitted, 7; discharged, 8. Re-
maining in the house—males, 20 ; females, 21. Total, 51.
PROMOTIONS AND APPOINTNIENTS.—Captain—J. Law-
rence, C. 8., to the Hastings, vice Loch. Commander—
A. W. Willis, to the Magnificent. Lieutenants—W. M.
Douglas, Thomas Wilson, Arthur Sansom, C. H.
Douglas, and T. H. Page, to be Supernumerary Lieute-
nants of the flag-ship in the West Indies (some of ,these
officers will procead in the Kite steamer, and the remain der
in the Winchester); J. H. Jackson, to the Coa.,it
Guard. Surgeons Thomas Kidd (b) to the Lily ;
Dr. Muirhead, to the Clio. Assistant - Surgeons
Henry Baker, to the Revenge; Andrew Moffitt,
to the Clio ; James F. Paul, to the Lily ; Hugh S. Be--
veridge, to the Princess Charlotte, vice Mustard; F. B.
Pritchard and Henry Edmonds, to the Britannia. Second
Master—Thoomas Hart, to the Athol), vice Pettigrew.
Master's Assistant—J. Crosby to the Buffalo. Mates—
Henry A. Norman and Henry P. Hope, to the Axcellent ;
WilliamjW. Wilson, to the Thunder ; C. Bamilton, to the
Melville ; G. Newcornen, to the Weazle; Henry Warren,
to the Hydra; Henry R. Foote, to the Benbow. Mid-
shipman—A. P. Arkwright, is the Rowe.
(From the Devonport Independent.)

Her 'Majesty's ship Hercules, 74, Capt. Barnard, arrived
last evening (Friday) from the West Indies, having con-
veyed troops there from Cork.
The Athol troop-ship, arrived from Portsmouth yester-
day morning (Friday), will embark detachments of the
Ist Royals, 15th and 85th Regiments, at 10 o'clock this
day, for conveyance to Canada.
Her Majesty's ship Pylades, 18, Commander W. Cattle,
arrived on Monday last from the West Coast of Africa,
having left Ascension on the 28th April. This vessel has
been three years and six months on that station; she has
been extremely healthy during the whole period, having.
only lost one seaman by fever. She has captured the follow—
ing slave vessels, viz. :—Gazetta, 223 ; Esperanza, 477 ;
and Prova, 220 slaves. All the squadron, according to the.
last accounts, had been very healthy, excepting'
Brisk, 3, Lieut.-Com. A. Kellet, which had lost .thout
20 men and all her officers but the commander and c.'erk-
in-charge. The crew of the Pylades were mustered Pild
inspected on Wednesday by Admiral Sir Graham M00..e,
and on Friday she came into harbour to be paid off.
The Devon lighter arrived yesterday from the Not lb
Coast of Spain.
In the Sound—Hercules, 74, Captain E. Barnard.
In Hamoaze.—lmpregnable, 104, Captain Eden ;
leisle, 74, Captain T. Nicolas; Druid, 46, Captain I 'ord
Churchill; Pylades, 16, Corn. Castle ; Carron, at, tarn-
vessel; and Goodwill, lighter.

PRICE OF SUGAR.

EFFECT OF MONOPOLY.

Table showing the ex-duty price of West India Sugar
in Mincing-lane, and comparing the same against that of
foreign Sugars :
London, June 8.
The Gazette last night quotes the average Per Cwt.
price of British Plantation Muscovado
Sugar, exclusive of duty, a• 42s. 21d.
The actual quantity sold on account of importers in
the week ending the 3d inst., on which the above price
is computed, consisted of 904 hhds. 150 trs. and 67
barrels—and not of 1500 hhds. and trs. as estimated in
the market.

In consequence of ails-use winds there will be no land-
ings of West India Sugar to report this week, although
therefore, there will be a falling off in the delivery from
the docks of from 800 to 1000 casks, as compared against
the delivery in the corresponding week of last year. The
stock will be less than it was on the Bth June, 1838.

The produce of those Refineries which work Foreign
Sugars for expedition only, has been sold as follows :
Per Cwt.
No. 1. Refined, equal in quality to double refined, at 35s 6d.
No. 2. Bastard Sugar
No. 3- Treacle at 17s. Od.
_ _

The produce of the Refineries which work West India
Sugar and Molasses for home consumption, has been sold
extra duty, as follows ;

Per Cwt.
Refined, of exactly the same quality as that of
No. 4, above,
Bastard Sugar ditto No. 2, do.,
Treacle ditto No. 2, do.,
with a view to attract public attention to this enormous
difference in price, namely 22s 6d upon the refined, 16s
upon the bastard, and 15s on the treacle ; the whole of
which, over and above the intrinsic value of the
articles, goes into the pockets of the West In-
diana. It is intended, we understand, to exhi-
bit in some of the shops in the leading thoroughfares
of London, and in the chief streets of the large provin-
cial towns—samples of the produce of these respective
refineries, headed by a concise explanation of the origin
and price of each—the people of this country will then
have ocular proof of the extent to which they are swindled
by the effect of the West India monopoly in sugar.
We still incline to the opinion that the President of the
Board of Trade will refuse to renew the Act conferring
bounty on West India sugar when refined for exportation,
because, if we may believe the West Indians, the supply of
sugar from the plantations will be inadequate to the wants of
the nation, and therefore an Act providing for a surplus would
be absurd ; if, on the contrary, the reports of short crops,
lacy blacks, &c., circulated by the West Indians, should
turn out to be a fabrication for market purposes, and there
really should be a quantity of sugar surplus home consump-
tion, then such surplus quantity would readily find its way
abroad through the refiners working under lock for foreign
markets. In either case, therefore, the renewal of the Act
is quite unnecessary. In fact, any attempt to continue
the bounty law after the sth July next, can only be made
with the intention of enriching the West Indians at the
evil of the nation.

MR. SMITH O'BRIEN AND HIS CONSTI-
TUENTS.—The recent resolutions of the Liberal Club hav-
ing been communicated to Mr. Smith O'Brien, that gen-
tleman has addressed a reply to Mr. Caleb Powcl, in which
he states that he will convene a meeting of his constituents,
in order, personally, to learn whether or not he still pos-
sesses their confidence. He adds that the resolutions of
the Club would have placed him in the " contemptible
character of an ad interim member." Mr. O'Brien is to
attend the meeting, which has been convened for Tuesday.
—Dublin Evening Post.
PENRITH AND CARLISLE RAILWAY.--We
have never had any doubt, from the zeal with which this
undertaking was commenced, the high respectability of the
shareholders, and the various and abundant sources of traffic
that it would open out, but this would soon become one of
the most popular and remunerating lines in the kingdom.
From Preston to this city we have now daily twelve coaches,
and others arc spoken cf. What, therefore, must now be
the travelling upon this short space, almost entirely pro-
duced by the Southern Railway ?—Carlisle Journal.
PARLIAMENTARY REGISTRATION. —To
avoid disfranchisement of electors in cities and boroughs
all the poor rates and widow taxes (if any) payable from a
voter in respect of his premises, previously to the 6th day
of April, must be paid on or before the 20th of July,
whether demanded or not.
Lord Frederick Fitzclarence and the other Stew.
ards of the Newcastle Races, considering a snore useful
Piece of Plate preferable to a Gold Cup, hare ordered a
magnificent Soup Tureen.

--EfENING EDITToN.

LIFE of SIR WALTER SCOTT, Vol. HI.
New Edition, to be completed in Ten Volumes.
WAVERLEY NOVELS. 48 Vels.
- SCOTT'S POETRY. 12 Vols.
PROSE WRITINGS. 28 Vols.
All uniform, with 196 Engravings.
Robert Cadell, Edinburgh : Whittaker and Co., London.

THE DIRECTORS of the NEW ZEA-
LAND LAND COMPANY hereby give notice that
they are ready to receive applications from FIRST-RATE
SURVEYORS, being Officers of the Royal, or East India
Company's Engineers, who may be desirous of employment
upon the LANDS of the Company in New Zealand. A libe-
ral salary will be given.
The Applications must be made by letter, accompanied by
Testimonials, and delivered, free of postage, at the Company s
Office, No. 1, Adam-street, Adelphi, London.
By order of the Directors,
JOHN WARD, Secretary.

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT GARDEN.
The Public is respectfully informed, that the
PRESENT MANAGEMENT WILL TERMINATE

WITH THIS SEASON.
THIS EVENING, JtT lit 11,
Will be performed,
THE LADY OF LYONS, or Love and Pride.
Claule Melnotte, Mr. Macready ; Colonel llamas, Mr. Bartley
Pauline Deschappelles, Miss Helen Faucit.
After which,
AMILIE ; OR, THE LOVE TEST.

ROYAL SURREY THEATRE.
LAST WEEK OF THE OPERA COMPANY!
THIS EVENING, JUNE 11,
Will be performed, the Comic Drama called
PETER THE GREAT AND PAUL THE MARINER,

After which the Grand Opera entitled
TH LOVE SPELL.
With all Donizetti's Original Music of " L'Elisir d'Amore,"
Adinc, Miss Romer; Nemorina, Mr. Templeton; Dulcamara

Haifa
To conclude with the successful Drama, called
ALICE GRAY, THE SUSPECTED ONE.

Under her MAJESTY'S IMMEDIATE PATRONAGE.
ROYAL SURREY ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.
Brilliant success. 1!
GRAND " PROMENADES MUSICALES ET CHA.M-
PETRES ! !!
THIS EVENING, JUNE 11,
- and THURSDAY NEXT,
- Commencing at Six o'clock, and terminating at Nine.
By a splendid Band, composed of the most distinguished Instru-
-1 mental Performers in the Metropolis,
-Selected and conducted by Mr. Godfrey.
The magnificent Day-light View of MOUNT IIECLA, and
the unequalled Menagerie, are exhibited daily.
Admission One Shilling.

ec,,,,i (2,-,i4.1:::, -7;',:p
.r-;"?j---.*i:t.i-,-,,,rg t.:?: (Fit", . .`..F-4),,,-. : - a•;2--, f,h;:-.LAN•_):.;.....4....,,i,. ;,k,-,3 -I- ,
~.11,'.'- ,4-11-7..'"'\ '''';‘l ~,i %0,.
..A:e•,,,..,-,„*L!., • •
....,„....5...•,.....,..
_........_
~..

r--ex
zun.

LONDON :
TUESDAY, JUNE 11, 1839.

In the Lords the odious Sale of Beer Act Repea'
Bill, which destroys the vested rights of 45,000 poor
persons, which vested rights were created by an Act
of Parliament passed only ten years ago, went through
a Committee. The Report is to be received to-mor-
i row, to give the Marquis of WESTMINSTER an oppor-
tunity of proposing amendments in the BR We hope
they will include compensation—ample compensation—
to those whom the Legislature beguiled to their ruin.
Lord LYNDHURST presented two petitions from
Glnse:cw, eornpinining of the conduct of Mr. STUART,
Ithe Factory Inspector. The Noble Lord said, as he
understood that a Committee of the other House was
to be moved for on the subject, he should merely move
that the petitions be laid on the table.
VISCOUOI STRANGFORD referred to Mr. O'CONNELL'S
notice about allowing Catholics to fill the office of Lord
Chancellor of Ireland, and inquired whether it were a
Government measure. The Noble Viscount's wit caused
a little mirth ; as did some observations of the Marquis
of LONDONDERRY on the call to order of Lord
BROUGHAM, when the Noble Marquis was dilating on
the language used by Mr. O'Corsettaa, in Ireland. DAN
is certainly the observed of all observers, and is
extremely fortunate to have Marquises to prate of his
whereabouts, and Peers to chronicle and preserve his
sayings. Nothing but laughter, however, ensued from
the Noble Marquis's remarks.
The Earl of WrcKEow complained of the conduct of
the Superintendent of the Admiralty Packets at Dublin,
who no doubt requires watching, like other agents.
The Church Discipline Bill was referred to a Select
Committee, to the satisfaction of the Bishop of EXETER ,
who will in the Committee, no doubt, by the consent of
his brother Bishops, engraft on it his nostrum of the
divine right of Bishops. The House rose soon after
Seven o Clock.
In the Commons, Lord MORPETH stated, in answer
to Mr. LYTTON, that he thought it desirable to extend
the Imprisonment for Debt Bill to Ireland.
Lord MAHON brought under the notice of the House
the conduct of a receiver of taxes at Bedford, who had
torn ,a petition 4 intended for the Hon. House. Mr.
ALSTON and other Xerebers spoke in favour of Mr.
HiNu, who may have been guilty of a, rude and of-
fensive act, but we cannot construe it into a breach of
the privileges of the House of Commons. It was a
breach of the rights of the petitioners, and Lord
MAHON must have very much wanted subjects of com-
plaint to bring such a frivolous matter under the notice ,
of the House. 1

In
answer to Sir S. LUSHINGTON, Mr. LABOUCFIERE
said that he had no doubt the Order in Council for the
Abolition of Slavery in the Mauritius had been carried
into effect.

Lord ASHLEY stated that he found the new Minis-
terial proposition as to Education as bad as the old one,
and he should feel it his duty to take the sense of the
House on the vote. The Tories are resolved on all occa-
sions to demonstrate that they hate light and love
oppression, and will as long as possible keep the peo-
ple in bondage and darkness. Mr. WAKLEY made a
proper inquiry, touching Medical Reform, which, like
all other reform, now halts far behind the age.
Lord STANLEY gave notice that he means to take
the sense of the House on the Canada resolutions.
After a little conversation, this led Lord J. RUSSELL to
give notice that he will withdraw his resolutions, and
ask leave on Thursday to bring in a Bill. The Opposi-
tion object to proceed by a resolution, but they do not
object to the Bill.

The House went into a Committee on the Jamaica
Government Bill.

Sir E. SUGDEN moved to leave out a part of the first
clause, which would have mutilated the Bill.
The Ministers resisted the proposition, and, on a di-
vision, Sir EDWARD'S motion was lost by a majority of
34, the numbers being 228 for the original clause, and
194 for the amendment.
The Metropolis Police Bill was discussed in Com-
mittee.

The Committee to devise means for taxing fruit was
nominated, after some opposition from Mr. WAKLEY.
The House sat till nearly One o'Clock.

----.0.---.....
The Tories are determined, we understand, to
oppose anything in the shape of education, which
is sot controlled by the Priesthood. For them
the minute of the Privy Council, as inserted in
our Paper of Saturday, deprived as it is
of every life-giving principle, is still too
benevolent. They will have none of it. They
object to the Privy Council having any
power at all, they object to Inspectors to give uni-
formity to instruction, and see that the public
money 4s properly applied; they will have no other
-Inspectors but the Priests, and no other teaching
but the Catechism and the Prayer Book. Let the
Tories and the Priests only have their way, and the
next generation will be as completely drilled into
the moving automata of a system of slavery and
priestcraft as ever the Chinese were.
We cannot, however, deny that the Minis-
. ters encourage the arrogant pretensions of the
Priests and the Tories. Their latest minute
professes a desire " to train the children duly
in the Christian religion," and as the State
recognizes and pays but one Christian reli-
gion, the Priests of the Established Church, by
that desire and that recognition, necessarily claim a
controul over the religion taught to the children.
The Ministers, in fact, give a stick into the hands
of the Clergy to beat themselves with. If the
State have nothing to do with the religion of its
subjects but to protect each man in the exercise of
his own, we may doubt whether ic have any right
to train children in the principles of the Chris-
tian religion. It has Jews amongst its subjects ;
they pay taxes, like Christians. On the Continent,
wherever a general system of national education is
established, the children of Jews share its benefits
as well as the children of Christians ; but they
at least must be shut out here, if instruction, in tie
•krinciples of Christianity, be made the basis or in-
separable concomitant of all education. In like
manner the Socinians are held by other sects not to
embrace the principles of the Christian religion :
are their children to be excluded from the benefits
of an education for which they will pay in common
with
fore every contributor to taxes ? We doubt, there-
, whether it be feasible in such a mixed com-
munity as ours to make religion the basis of na-
tional education.
When Ministers talk, too, of the principles of
Christianity, which Christianity do they mean ?
Armenian Christianity is different from Calvi-
nistic Christianity. Th .
and
deluestianity of the
of the Baptists Christianity Ranters,
Quakers amongst
whom the gift of the Spirit qualifies for a teacher, is
totally at variance with the Christianity which is
nothing separated from the Apostical Succession.
Puseyism is closely allied to Mysticism and Popery,
while some of the Church Clergy verge on Ration-

alism, and think with STRAUSS, that there are
more mythe than historical facts in the life of the
SA VIOUR. Presbyterianism, in its genius and prin-
ciples, is as averse from the Prelacy and Apostolical
Succession of the Church of England as of the
Church of Rome ; and hates them both, as corrup-
tions of what is good, more than Mahomedanisrn,
which is not a corruption. The Methodists and
the Papists have nothing else in common than a
blind uninquiring submission to their respective
Priests. Both have an excellent and a similar sys-
tem of discipline for breaking in novices, and esta-
blishing a complete controul over every preacher
and every congregation ; but their prayers, and wor-
ship, and principles are totally different. Amidst
the conflicting statements made by the different
Sects and different Churches, each man must select
his own principles of Christianity, and no Mini-
ters can have any right to make their peculiar
principles the basis of education for a com-
munity split into a hundred sects. It is
however their professions of a desire to train the
children in Christian principles, which gives the
Tories and the Priests an advantage over them ;
and as such professions are wrong in principle, I
applied to such a community as ours we do not
see why they should, by making such professions,
strengthen the hands of their opponents, and the
opponents of all education.

But be the principle of uniting religion with a
generaal system of education right and practicable or
not in this country, the Tories mean strenuously to
oppose the very little the Ministers now aim at per-
forming for the improvement of education. They are
determined not to allow the Secular Government to
enter into competition with the Ecclesiastical Go-
vernment, and they mean to resist the attempt of
the Privy Council to obtain the least influence
over education, by superintending the distribution
of the public money. If the people of England
have not made up their minds irreversibly to sub-
mit. in all things to the dictates of the Anglican
Clergy, they ought now to strengthen the hands
of the Ministers to resist them and their Tory
allies.

Mr. GISBORNE, who is now contesting Carlow,
and formerly icpresentcd North Derbyshire, has
just sent forth a spirited and manly address to the
electors of Derbyshire, on the recent Ministerial
crisis. Mr. GISB.)RNE enters pretty fully ikto the Ja-
maica question, and shows up in excellent style the
bad faith of Sir R. PEEL, who first said it ought
not to be considered as a party question, and
:subsequently made it one, when he ascertained
that ten or eleven Radicals, scared by a name,
would vote against the Ministers' Bill. 'Then came,
on the part of the Tories, a " a most severe whip
applied by unusual hands." The Tories connected
with the West Indies, who had promised to vote
for the Bill, " either stayed away or voted against
it." " The majority was ground down to five,"
and " the Ministers resigned." They had no
right," he says, " to resign, no right to stake the
existence of the Government on the Jamaica Bill."
" In a pet at the unfavourable conduct of half a
score Reformers, they sacrifice the cause of good
Executive Government in England, , Scotland and
Ireland."
" Lcrd Melbourne did worse still 1" Mr. Gisborne says,
and we quote the passage that the Ministers may know the
language of a sincere friend. "He advised the Queen to
send for the Duke of Wellington. If Lord Melbourne and
Lord John Russell chose not to govern any longer, I say__
with much gratitude for past services, and at the same
time with some resignation—farewell, but why recommend
the Duke of Wellington ?"
Mr. GISBORNE then shows with great force that
the House -of Commons, which really sustains the
Ministry in power, should have been allowed to
recommend the Minister of their choice.
"On these occasions," he adds, " each party, indi-
vidually and collectively, looks with intense contempla-
tion, and they become so absorbed in the subject, that
they quite forget that there is anybody in the world other
than Melbourne and Co., and Wellington and Co. ; and they
very naturally conclude that if the former do not have the
thirty places, the latter must. Lord Melbourne having
determined not to hold place any longer, handed it over,
in the innocence of his heart, through her Majesty, to the
Duke of Wellington."
Well said, Mr. GISBORNE. The observation re-
minds us that we have of late repeatedly had it in
our mind to recommend the Liberal Members of
the Parliament not to give up legislation into
the hands of the Ministers ; but, whether there is
the least probability of success or not, to bring
forward such measures as they think essential for
the national welfare. They may not procure a law,
but they will infallibly provoke discussion, and
teach the people to know political good from
evil. They must not, however, make each
man's own crotchet the test of other Mem-
bers' liberality ; nor accuse, as a matter of
course, the Ministers of being anti-Reformers, be-
cause they will not, and cannot, support every such
motion. In the passage just quoted we find an
illustration of our opinion, for if one or two, or
half a dozen, zealous Reformers kept themselves
before the public by bringing forward plain, tan-
gible, useful measures—if, while they as Members
of a party, on all party questions, gave their vote
to their friends, they refused always to walk in the
Ministerial train, they would make a character for
themselves, and obtain so much influence as to
compel MELBOURNE and Co. to remember that
there were other people in the world than WEL-
LINGTON and Co.
It will be evident to the reader that Mr. GIS-
BORNE does not spare the Ministers ; nevertheless
he is ready to support them
" I admit that no Government ought to be called upon
to introduce measures which they cannot pass through the
Commons; but no Government ought as a Government
to oppose a measure which is desired by a majority of its
regular supporters. Feeling as I do, and as the few sen-
tences which I have written indicate, as to the recent po-
licy of the Government ; disgusted as I am with Lord
Melbourne's conduct in resigning, and in advising the
Queen to send for the Duke of Wellington (in doing
which ho dealt with a trust which he had received from
the House of Commons, behind their backs and without
their consent, and virtually advised her Majesty to dissolve
them) still in Parliament or out of Parliament I am pre-
pared to support the present Government cordially, if they
will be true to the average feeling of the party which sus-
tains them. I will never forget that I owe a deep debt
of public gratitude to the leading Whigs. Through them
I got the Reform Bill; and though it has disappointed the
not unreasonable expectations of many persons, and some
of my own, it has enabled the House of Commons to sus-
tain a Ministry for eight years, for a considerable part of
the time against the united opposition of the Crown and
the Lords, and for the whole time against the opposition of
the Lords. That is the grand vindication of the Reform
Bill. Under the Reform Bill the people differing in opi.
nion or in interest from the Lords and the Crown, have
been able to sustain an Executive Government, to which
both were hostile. This they never did, nor could have
done, under the old system."
Mr. GISBORNE is logical and eloquent on the
Household question, and demonstrates that both
reasoning and feeling justify her MAJESTY'S de-
cision. The following remarks are amusing
"Sir Robert Peel's statement was as follows :
—I am sur-
rounded by difficulties. India is difficult. Jamaica is diffi-
cult. Canada is difficult. But my most important diffi-
culty is Ireland. As to the principles on which Ireland
should be governed, I am in a minority of twenty-two in
the present Parliament; and it would be very inconvenient
for me to begin another attempt at governing by dissolving
Parliament. No man ever made a statement which re-
commended itself more forcibly by its manifest
truth to the minds of all his hearers. But, says
Sir Robert Peel, I had a plan for getting over these diffi-
culties, which was to make a public demonstration of the
confidence placed in me by the Queen ; and the evi-
dence of her Majesty's confidence was to be, her Ma-
jesty's allowing me to dismiss three Ladies of her
Majesty's Bedchamber. Bound by my office of Chancellor
of the Exchequer, to be conversant with calculations, I
have discovered a common ratio for votes in the House of
Commons and Ladies of the Bedchamber; and it informs
me that (neglecting fractions) seven of the former are
equal to one of the latter. lam in a minority of twenty-
two, and must bring up my reserve of confidence. Strike
off three Ladies of the Bedchamber. Three
times seven are twenty-one and carry one. Should
the next division be six more against me ; six and one I
carried are seven. It is only another Lady and we arc
even again.—I had the benefit of hearing Sir R. Peel,
and I must say that he explained his difficulties with the
greatest sincerity, and appeared to be totally unconscious
of the childishness and absurdity of his position. To
propose to balance an adverse majority in the Commons by
a demonstration of the confidence of the Queen, to be
evinced by discharging three Ladies of the Bedchamber'
without a month's warning 11"
We shall quote one passage more, descriptive of
Sir R. PEEL and his party, and leave the pam-
phlet, recommending it to our readers as a frank,
manly, sensible production :
" Independently of these considerations, I apprehend that
Sir R. Peel has many personal disqualifications for the
office which he undertook. Though by far the greatest
actor whom I have seen on the boards of the House of
Commons ; gifted for it by nature, adorned by exquisite
art,: matured by experience, perfected by practice, ad-
mired by many, feared by many, and by none more than
(with about two exceptions) the official men who have of
late been opposed to him, I still doubt his power of carry-
ing on government in a progressive country, the inhabi-
tants of which are even as nearly represented as those of
Great Britain. Indeed I doubt the power of any man
to sustain in office the party with which Sir R. Peel
appears to have indissolubly linked himself. But by
many Members, even of that party, Sir Robert Peel

is bat just tolerated. By some on account of their
bigotry. They stand in the same relation to him in
which the extreme Radicals stand to the present Govern-
ment. By others be is barely tolerated on aseount of
their eagerness. They hate his Fabian policy, which has
hitherto shown no symptoms of Fabian success. Thea
the stand-still principle, the only one ever voluntarily ad-
vocated by Sir R. Peel, excites no enthusiasm, and with
many admirers, many persons who are very desirous to
make use of him for their own objects, Ido not believe
that Sir R. Peel has any large body of eager personal sup-
porters in either England, Scotland, or Ireland. I should
think no man who has played so very prominent a part
on the political stage ever had so few personal partizans.
Sir R. Peel's public life always puts me in mind of a
game which I have seen boys play at school, where one
big boy (and I admit Sir R. Peel to be a very big boy
and very strong) turns his back to a number of smaller,
and protruding his hinder part, and sticking his heels into
the ground, endeavours to prevent their pushing him for-
ward. The little boys have been shoving Sir Robert for-
ward through the whole of his political life. First he was
shoved over the one pound note and shilling principle,
arid made a currency reformer ; then over the Teat and
Corporation Acts; then, after years of restiveness, over
Catholic Emancipation ; then, restive again, but shoved
clear over Parliamentary Reform, where he got a fall
which has crippled him sadly; then, without much re-
sistance, over ten Irish Bishops; Irish Church Cess ; Eng-
lish and Scotch Corporations ; over I know not how many
Prebendaries and Canons; half over Church Rates and
Irish Corporations; and, though I must own that the at-
titude in which I have placed him would be somewhat
disrespectful to Ladies, I cannot help fancying that I sue
him in the very act of being shoved over the threshold of
Buckingham Palace by the fair hands of the Duchess of
Sutherland, the Marchioness of Normanby, ar,d the Coun-
tess of Burlington. Little, I imagine, did those distin-
guished Ladies suppose that they were the main actresses
in such contentious scenes.

Poor Kin' En EST of Hanover is in a sad
pickle. Never was Royal wight so baffled, and de-
fied, and laughed at as he is by a set of petty
burghers in the very capital of his hereditary domi-
nions ; and unless the Orangemen of Ireland
take pity on him, there is danger of his being
starved at last, as the Hanoverians begin to
shout lustily "No Constitution, no taxes !"
"No taxes, is the knell of Royalty, and when a
populace begin to ring it, the time • has come for
Sovereigns to look about them. The subjoined
intelligence from Hanover to the 4th inst. inclu-
sive, though proceeding from a quarter strongly
biassed in favour of the Court, sufficiently
shows the KING is almost driven to his wit's
eud ; and that there is less prospect now
then there ever was of his succeding in the abro-
gation of the Constitution. In the address which
the First Chamber intimates proposing, we see only
a shield to cover his MAJEsTY's retreat, in the
event of the Deputies persevering in either not
forming a Chamber at all, or in forming one hos-
tile, to the trickery of EttNEsT, and his man of
all work, VoN SCIIELE.

HANOVER, JUNE 2.. A whole week has pas=ed, and the
Second Chamber has not yet a sufficient number of Mem-
bers present to proceed to business, though for the last
three days only one has been wanting. We hear of decla•
rations made in the Second Chamber that were wholly
unexpected. Thus, one deputy is said to have declared
that he is come merely to maintain order by voting for the
prolongation of the Budgf t ; but that he will by no means
vote on subjects more or less closely connected with the
Constitutional question, in an assembly which does not
enjoy the confidence of the country.
HANOVER, JUNE 3.—;'he First Chamber has adopted
an address to the King, petitioning his Mejesty to alto,
his decisions respecting the elections, as it is impossible
to transact business with a Second Chamber such as it
now is. As the proposal was supported by Privy Coun-
cillor Lutken, it is supposed that the Cabinet itself wishes
for such an address. It would at least afford, in case of
need, a pretext for retracting its resolutions. The Second
Chamber will probably be complete to•day for the first time,
as there were thirty-seven Deputies here the day
before yesterday. The Opposition will loudly ex
claim, that they do not deserve the confidence of
the country ; but its opinion is partial. It has done its
utmost to prevent the forming of a Second Chamber, and
we may be sure that it will continue to attack any Second
Chamber that may he assembled, because it is not able to
domineer over it. It is not the Second Chamber alone,
but the whole Assembly of Estates that represents the
country. Even the Ultra Opposition has not ventured to
call in question the ability of the First Chamber, and its
conscientious desire to promote the good of the country,
and we are of opinion that the Second will be found not
inferior to it in good will and zeal.
HANOVER, JUNE 4.—No more than thirty-six Members
of the Second Chamber have yet been present together,
though M. Stromyer arrived on Monday, but another
Member did not appear, and to-day Stromyer himself
is ill. Yesterday the electors of this city met for the
election of a Deputy. Several of the electors were absent,
on account of sickness; the Magistrates, however, pro-
ceeded, delaying in succession that they would not elect.
—Hamburg Papers, June 6. . . .

We have received the Madrid .oazette, ig thii24-jps-:._
It contains the Royal -decree for drssoliing Ihe C,ort es,
announced by the French telegraph, and likewise de-
crees for the removal of Baron DE MEER. and General
QUIROGA from the Captains-Generalship of New Cas-
tile and Catalonia, anticipated in our Evening Edition
of yesterday.
A letter from Valencia of May 27, says :
" A report from the Governor of Teruel announces that
on the 23d, at eight o'clock in the morning, General Ay-
eibo attacked the forces of Llangostera, which had been
besieging Monalresen since the 16th. Tho factious were
completely routed. They abandoned all their positions
and lied, leaving a great number of killed and wounded on
the field of battle. General Amor was to junction with
Ayerbe on the 24th, and both together to pursue the fac-
tious."

The subjoined extracts from the French Papers of
Sunday, the whole of which we have received, comprise
all the news they bring—domestic or foreign—of the
slightest general interest :

have been assured that the Ministry had sent the
most precise instructions to the French naval forces cruis-
ing on the coast of Spain, enjoining them not only to pre-
vent the landing of arms and warlike stores, but also give
efficient assistance to the Queen's cause. 'We have been
informed that the Ministers positively disown the policy
followed by Count Mole towards Spain, and adopt the
course recommended by M. Thiers. This is a proof of
good sense given by the Cabinet, and we cannot but ap-
plaud it for this concession to the exigencies of public
opinion.—Courtier Francais.

- A letter from the islands of Ourlac, dated the 19th ult.,
states " that the Turkish fleet was expected to sail imme-
diately from the Dardanelles; all that we can do with our
three vessels is to follow and watch its movements,—
Courrier Francais.

The greatest activity continues to reign in the naval ar-
' senal and in the roads of Toulon. All the vessels fit for
service are in process o f repair, and arc taking in theirguns.
The seamen of the last levy hare been placed on board the
Genereux ship of the line, which is to sail in a fptv days
for the Levant. The Maritime Board, considering that
the frigate Iphigenie is not in a condition to perform a
long naval campaign, have ordered that her crew be
transferred to the Thetis frigate and several other vessels
destined for the East. The Trident is ready to put to
sea, and the Montebello will, it is expected, also join in a
very short time the squadron commanded by Admiral La-
lande. The Tunisian corvette Aglaia arrived on the 3d in
Toulon from Tunis, which she had left on the 26th ult.,
with despatches for Sidi Mustapha, the envoy of the Bey to
the French Government.

The Augsburg Gazette of the sth inst. publishes a let-
ter, dated Dscheddah, the sth ult., confirmatory of the
occupation of the islands of Bahrein, in the Persian Gulf,
by the Egyptian army, under the orders of Kurschid Pasha.
The Courrier Francais publishes a letter from Odessa
of the 19th ult., stating that orders had reached from the
Minister of War, Count Tcherniehef, to assemble a new
corps of army at Sebastopol, towards the close of the month.
This corps was to consist of from 25,000 to 30,000 men,
with two brigades of mounted artillery. A flotilla of trans
ports was then collecting in that harbour for the purpose of
conveying those troops to Asia Minor. This Russian force
is intended to cover the Dardanelles, and to march to the
assistance of the Ottoman army.
BEYROUT, MAY 13.—British manufactured goods are
still very abundant. A friend writes to me from Damascus
that the stores are literally full of them. This aggrega-
tion of English merchandise is ascribed to the new com-
mercial treaty, the English having freighted a greater
number of vessels than usual fur Syria on the express con-
dition of their arriving previous to the carrying into opera-
tion of the new tariff: Money is becoming daily more
rare.— Commerce.
The Toulonnais of The sth inst. brings intelligence from
Algiers of the Ist. On the following day M. Dupuch, the
Biahop of Africa, was to proceed to the inauguration of
the first village established in the plain of Metidja, and to
bless the site on whin it is to ba erected. The village
will take the name of Clause! Bourg, in honour of the
former Governor of the Colony. General Galbois
hal
met with no resistance in the march on Djemilsh, of which
he took possession on the 13th.

ROYAL FREE HOSPITAL, GREVILLE STREET.—
The Marquis of Normanby will take the chair at the
Anniversary Dinner of this Hospital to-morrow (Wed-
nesday), at the Freemasons"Favern, when all the friends
of the great cause of relieving the destitute sick are
invited to attend. This Hospital differs in most re-
spects from all the establishments for the sick in this
metropolis. It is a place of refuge for those utterly
friendless and miserable human beings who cannot gain
admission into the other Hospitals. It is regulated by
the great principle of affording a free entrance to the
destitute sick or diseased, whom it receives immediately
into its wards (as far as its means allow), without any
other recommendation than their abject and deplorable
condition, giving its preference only in this respect.

A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was
held on Thursday last at Newcastle, to consider the pre-
sentation of a petition to Parliament relative to the trade
with Circassia. It was well attended, and led to a discus-
sion, full of minute arid valuable details respecting the
opening thus afforded for the extension of our commerce in
that country, proving incontestably how keenly alive the
merchants of that port arc to its advantages. The prayer
of the petition agreed to is, " For the adoption of such
measures for asserting the right of Great Brit.iin to free-
dom of commerce with Circassia as will enable the British 1
`• merchants to trade with security to the coast.".....Times.

WATKINS V. LEE.

THE SUN, LONDON. TUESDAY, JUNE 11, 18,36

EXCHEQUER COUR T-THIS DAY.

This was an action brought for the purpose of recovering
damages for a malicious arrest ; it was tried yesterday before
Mr. Baron Parke, when a verdict was found for the plaintiff,
with 40s. damages.
Mr. JERVIS now moved for a rule to show cause why that
verdict should not be set aside, and a nonsuit entered, pursu-
ant to leave given him by the Learned Judge. The action was
for a malicious arrest without probable cause, and the plain-
tiff, in order to prove his cause, put in evidence a ru'e
for a discontinuance of the cause, but upon payment of costs.
He contended that this was not such a discontinuance as entitled
the plaintiff to maintain hi, action.
The COURT held that a plaintiff had a sight to bring his
action, and the Court was bound to hold it good whenever he
showed that there was an end of the cause, without prosecution.
Rule refused.

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS THIS DAY AT at!. O'CLOCK
Austrian Bonds Peruvian Bond' —
Belgian Bonds
Di tto Account — Portuguese Bonds.
Brazilian Bonds
Ditto Account ........... Ditto Account 35%%%
Buenos Ayres Bonds ...... ..... .. Ditto, 3 per Cent.
Ditto Account .............. Ditto Account
Chilian Bonds .................. Prussian Bonds —
D tto Account ~ ............. Russian Bonds, 1822
Columbian Bonds ..... . ........ y Ditto Account —
Ditto Account ............... Ditto Metallic —
Columbian Bonds, 1624 ..... 31% Spanish Bonds —
Ditto Account .............. 31% l Ditto Account
Danish Bonds .................. Passive
. Ditto Account ............... Der, reed 8 N
Greek Bonds... .................. —.7 French, 5 per cent....... —l. —c.
Ditto Bonds, M 2.5 .......... .. ' 4 per cent. —,f.. —c•
Ditto Account ........ ..... 3 per cent. —'• —c-
Mexican Bonds, 5 per Cent. • Exchange....... —t.. --e-
Ditto Account .............. ' Dutch, 2% per cent.
Ditto, S per Cent. ............ j Ditto Account —
Ditto Account ............... —,' Ditto, 5 per cent —
Neapolitan
....} Ditto Account ...........
PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Brighton Railway 22 In%
9
London and Blackwall Railway ll
Lon,lota and Croydon Railway Company lll. les. ed 1,11314 %
I t ndon and Birmingham Railway Company
Do. Do. Extension • 7 5%
Australasia Bank
29%
Colonial Bank
25 84
London Joint Stock Ban lc.
National Provincial Bank of England (New) lO 10%
Van Dieman's Land Agricultural Company l7 9%
T OIVE.
present time we iflavAeLnleitPheAB
r news nor any
further arrivals to communicate.
Tlt thethe l
British Market very little business has been
doing in the course of the morning, and the only feature
worth observation has been in the Foreign House in Cbi-
lian Bonds, which have taken a start since Saturday of 5
to 6 per cent. The exact cause is not yet ascertained, but
it is attributed to the victory of the Chilian army.
The speech of Marshal Soult, in respect to the assist-
.anec to be given by the French Navy to the Queen of
'Spain, has not as yet had any cinet on the Spanish Bonds.
Consols have been, buyers and sell ;:es, in the course of
price they
the morning, at 94 fur the Account, at which
may be quoted at present. Exchequer Bills have been
done at :34 (500/.); at present lower, 32 ; those of 1,0001,,
32 30; India Bonds, 3234; Bank Stock, 192} 193.
In the Foreign Market,
Chaim
Sp
Colombinn, 3.1 anish Active, 14; Passive,
4i 1 ; Portuguese, 35 alower ;
32 34 ; Brazilian, 101 i ; Dutch Two-and-a- Half per Cents.
66i; Five per Cents,, nothing doing.
i,

PARLIAMENTARY DIVISION

(From the Pates and Proceedings of the house of Commons.)
MONDAY, rttNE 10, 1839.
JAMAICA BILL.
In Committee ; First Clause, ( Governor, with advice of
Council, to make laws or ordinances, under certtin circum-
stances) :-Question put,--.6. That the Clause, as amended,
stand part of the Bill :"-The House divided : -
AIAJORITY-AYES, 228.
Adam, Rear-Adm. Sir C.-Clack- Kilinaird, Hon. A.F.-Perth
mannan Labouchere, Right Hon. Henry--
Aglionby, H. A.-Cockermouth Taunton
Aglionby, Major F.-Cumberland Langdale, Hon. C.-Knaresbo
Ainsworth, P.-Bolton rough
A 'cock, Thomas-Ludlow Lemon, Sir Chas.-W. Cornwall
Alston, Rowland-Hertfordshire Lister, E. Canlitfe-Bradford
Andover, Viscount-Malmsbury Loch, James-Kirkwall
Archbold, Robert-Kildare Lushington, Charles-Ashbnrton
Attwood, Thos.-Birmingham Lushington, Rt. Hon. S-Tower
Baines, Edward.-Leeds Hamlets
Baring, F. T.-Portsmouth Lynch, A. H.-Galway
Barnard, E. G.-Greenwich M icau ley, T. It.- Edinburgh
Barron' H. W.-Waterford City INPLeod, IL-Inverness
Barry, G. S.-Cork Co. M'Namara, Maj. W. N.-Clare Co
Seamish, F. 8.-Cork M`Taggart, John-Wigton, &c.
Bellew, B. M.-Louth Marshall, Wm.-Carlisle
li,rlseley, lion. F. H.-Bristol Marsland, Henry-Stockport
Berkeley, Hon. G.-Gloucestersh Martin, John-Tewkesbury
Hewes, "r
-Plymouth dartin, Thomas-Galway Co.
13Iackett, C.-South Northumber. hauls, Hon. Fox-Elgin Burghs
land delgund, Viscount -Hythe
Blake, Martin J.-Galway Sii Mosey, P. St. John -Winches-
Blake, W. J.-Newport ter
Charles-Lewes Moreton, A IL-Gloucestershire
Bodkin, John James-Galway '•lorpeth, Lord-Yorkshire
irowes, John-South Durham Morris, D.--Carmarthen
Brabazon, Sir William-Mayo Co Murray, Alex.-Kirkcudbright
Bridgeman, Hewitt-Ennis Auskett, George A.-St. Alban's
Bri,coe, J. L-Weo.bury ,;agle, Sir 11.-IVes meath
ikrocklemirst, J. Macclesfield vorrevs. Sir Denham-Mallow
Brodie, W. 8.-Salisbury O'Callaghan, Hon.C.-Dungarvan
O'Conn.,r,, I 3:iniel• Dublin
irowue, It. D.-Mayo O'Conn2ll, John-Athlone
Bryan, Maj. Geo.-Kilkenny Co. O'comieti, M. J.-Kerry
on Byer. Str E. 1..-,incubi )'Connell, Morgan-Meath
Byng, George-Middlesex O'Connor Don-Roscommon Co.
iig, /tight tio, 1,, -Chathan O'Ferrall, Richard M.-Kildare
Caliaglian, D.-Corts City )rd, W.-Newcastle-upon-Tyne
C'ampbell, Sir John-Edinburgh Paget, Frederick-Beautnaris
Cave, Robert Otway-Tipperary 'almer, Charles Fyshe-Readssig
Cavendish, Hon. C. C.-E. Susses l'arker, John-Sheffield
Cavendish, Hon. G. H.-N. Herb: .'arnell', Sir H. - Dundee
Cay!ey, E. S.-14. Yorkshire 'arrott, Jasper-Totness
Chalmers, Patrick-Inverberrie Pechell, Captain-Brightsn
Chapman, Sir 01. L.-Westineatl sendarres, E. W.-W. Cornwall
Cheater, Henry-Louth Co. Sir IL-Havertordwest
Llietwynd, Major W.-Stafford Thibos, Mark-Manchester
Chichester, J. P. 8.-Barnstaple Phil's s, G. R.-Poole
Clay, W.-Tower Hamlets 'igot, D. A.-Clonmel
Clements, Vise.-Leitrim Co. 'I net,. W.-Lvne Regis
Codringten, Sir E.-Devonport Power, James.-Wexford Co.
uolher, John-Plymouths tieorge-Canibridge
Collins, NV -Warwick tedington, T. N.-Dundalk
Cowper, W. F.-Hertford 'ice, Edward Boyd -Dover
Craig, %V. G.-Edinburghshire ;lee, S.-Cambridge
Craw rord, 1 V.- London toche, E. 8.-Cork Co.
Crompton, S.-Thirek rick
Cum', Witham-Armagh Roche, Sir David-Limerick
Dalmeny, Lord-Stirling rs.
oast, ts. H.- vs s conthe Rundle, John-Tavistock
Davies, Colonel-Worcester :usseil, Lora Jonn- stroud
O'Etecourt, Right Hon. C. T.- :ussell, Lord-Tavistock
Law Beth gusset!, Lord C. J. F.-Bedfordsh
Donkm, Sir IL-Sandwich tutherfurd, Rt. Hon. A.-Leith
Duke, Sir James-Boston alwey, Isieut.-Co!.-Lud!ow
Dmidas, C. W. D.-Flint ;anford, B. A.-Somersetshire
Fred ,rick-orkney choleficld, J.-Birmingham
Dundas, Hon. J. C.-York -D,rtmouth
~ a .0,, alt ..obort-niciimond Seymour, Lord-Totness
Hon. J. E.-Roxburghshir lie, Generat-Duintries
Right Hun. E.-Coventry led, Richard Lalor-Tipperary
irl!lice, Edward-St. Andrew's Blaney, It. A.-Shrewsbury
Wyn 1-Leicester vita, Benjamin-Norwich
Will.-tix ford smith, Hon. R.-Wycombe
Euston, Earl -Thetford m th, R. V. -Northampton
''-vans, 0.--Duh'in County ;omcrville, Sir W.-Drogheda
Evans, Williain-North Derby peirs, Alexander-Richmond
tSw,rt, NVilliam-wieard ;veneer, Hon F.-Midhurst
Fazakerley, J. N.-Peterborough itanley, W. 0.-Anglesea
eig.4sob,atr A.-Luutionueai itanstield,W R. C. -Huddersfield
Finch, F.-Walsall taunton, Sir George Thomas
• Fitzgibbon, Hon. R.-Limerick ;tack, Dr.-Cashel
Fitzroy, Lord C.-Bury St. Edm. Strangways, Hon. John-Dorset
k,sleytwood, P. 11.-Pres.on itricistanit, Sir ti.-W• Yorkshire
Fort, J.-Ctitheroe trutt, Edward-Derby
French, F.-Itosscommon ty le, Sir Charles-Scarborough
.;illon, Wm. D.-Linlithgow :anered, H. W.-Banbury
Gordon, Robert-Windsor homson, Itt. Hon. C. P.-Man
;rattan. Henry-Meath chester
Grey, S r Charles Edward-Tyne l'horiiely,Tbos.-Wolverhampton
mouth Fstlemache, Hon. F.-Grantham
air George-Devonport Cownlsy, R. G -Cambridgeshire
~Ir"sveimr, Lord R.-Chester Sir T. E.-Sandwich
Guest, J. J.-Mertkyr Tydvil Vi ors N. A.-Carlow Co.
iLrLind, c.-Durhan , vvoiverhamptoa
Hastie, Archibald-Paisley /Man,
R. John Henry-Swansea
',Lovas, Benjamin--Lambeth s" Sir H.-East Cornwall
Law& ins, J. H.-Newport, Isle oi Nakley, Thomas-Finsbury
Wight Walker, R.-Bury, Lancashire
s!ayter, W. G.-Wells Vallace, Robert-Greenock
Fleathcoat, J.-Tiverton Varburton, H.-Biidport
Heathcote, G. J.-Lincolnshire Ward, H. G.-Shetlield,
lector, Cornthwa.te John-Pc iVestenra, Hon.H IL-Monaghan
tersfield White, Andrew-Sunderland
Ili 11, Lord A. M. C.-Evesham White, Lieut,- Col. Saml.-Leitrim
Holshouse, Right Hon. Sir J. C.- Williams, William-Coventry:li
Nottingham ,Villiams' W. A.-Monmentbsn.
Flobbouse, T. Benj.-Rochester ,Vilmot, Sir J. E.-Warwickshire
Hodges, T L.-West Kent Nitshere, William-Yarmouth
Holland, Robert-Hastings A innington, H. J.-Worcestersh.
Horsman, Edward-Cockermoutl Arinningtoin T. E.- Bewdley
Hoskins, K.-Herefordshire ,Vood, Charles-Halifax
Howard, F. J.-Youghall ,Vood, G. W.-Kendal
toward, P. H.-Carlisle ".1 Worsley, Lord-Lincolnshire
3olvick, Visc.-Northuinberland .Vrig htson, W. 13.-Northallei ton
lumphery, John-Southwark Wyse, Thomas-Waterford
Hurst, It. H.-Horsham Cates, J. Ashton -Carlow
Jolt, W.-Hull
Hutton, 'lobed-Dublin
ffiglism . r obert -South Shields
James, William-Cumbesiand
INORITY
%eland, T. D.-West Somerset
Adare, Lord-Glamorganshi re
Irbuthnot, General-Kincardine
shire
Ashley, Lord-Dorsetsliire
Bagge, W.-West Norfolk
Bailey, Joseph-Worcester
Bailey, J. D.-Sudbury
Bantle, H. D.-Honitcri
Baker, Edward-Wilton
Baring, H. IL-Marlborough
Baring, W. 8.-N. Staffindshire
Barneby, John-Worcestershire
Barrington, Lord-Berksh.re
Rateson, Sir IL-Lonclondorry
dell, Matthew-S. Northumber.
land
Bethell, Richard-Yorkshire
Blackstone \V. S.-Wallingford
W Blair, J. igtonshire
Blakemore. hachard-Wells
Blennerhassett, A.-Kerry
Bradshaw, .Tames-Canterbury
Bramston, T. W.-Essex South
Broatiley, Henry-EaA Yuriishiri
Brownrigg, J. S.-Boston
Buck, L. W.
Buller, Sir J. Yardo-Devonshire
Burroughes, H. N.-East Norfolk
Calcraft, John Hales-Wareham
Canning, Right Hon. Sir S.-Lyra
Cantilupe, Viscount--Helston
Chapman, Aaron- Whitby
Christopher, R. A.-Lincolnshire
Clive, R. H. South Shropshire
Codrington, C. W.-Gloucestersh
Cole, Hon. ArthurH.-Enniskillei
Cole, Viscount-Fermanagh
Colquhoun, John C.-Itenfrew
Compton, H. Combe-Hampshire
Coote, Sir C.-Queen's County
Corry, Hon. H. L.-Tyrone Co.
Courtenay, P.-Bridgewater'
Dalrymple, Sir A.-Brighton
Darner, Hon. G.-Portarlington
Darby, George-East Sussex
Darlington, Earl of-Shropshire
Davenport, J.-Stoke-upon-Trent
De Horsey, S. IL-Newcastle
under Lyme
Dowdeswell, \V.-Tewkesbury
Dugdale, W. S.-Warwickshire
Duncombe, Hon. W.-Yorkshire
buncombe, Hon A -East Retforu
Du Pre, George-Buck
Eastnor, Viscount-Reigate
Egerton, W. Tatton-Cheshire
Egerton, Sir P.-Cheshire
Ellis, Jno.-Newry
Estcourt, 'l'. Junior-Devizes
Farratid, Robert-Stafford
',elision, W. J -131ackbnrn
fellowes, Edw. Huntingdonshire
Fleming, John-Hampshire
Foley, E. T.-Herefordshire
Frei') field, James Wm.-Penryn
Gaskell, James Milnes-Wenlock
Glynne, Sir S. R.-Flintsbire
Goddard, Ambrose-Cricklade
Godson, R.-Kidderminster
Gordon, Hon. W.-Aberdeenshire
Uoulburn. Right Hon. IL -Cam
bridge University
Graham, Right Hon. Sir J. R. G.
Bt.-Pembroke
Grant, F. W.-Inverness-shire
Greene, T. G.-I,ancashire
Grimsditch, T.-Macclesfield
Grimstoo, V iscount -Hertford.
shire
Grimston, Hon. E. H.-St. Al-
ban s
Hale, B. R.-Gloucestershire
Halford, Henry-Leicestershire
Harcourt, G. S.-Bucks
Hardinge, Right Hon. Sir H.-
Launceston
Hayes, Sir E.-Donegal
Heneage, G %V.-Devizes
Henniker Lord-East Suffolk
llepburn;Sir T.-Haddingtonshire
[-ferries, Ht. Hon. J. C.-Harwich
Hill, Sir Rowland-Shropshire
Hillsborough, Earl of-Down
Hincle, J. Hodgson-Newcastle-
upon-Tyne
Hodgson, Frederick-Barnstaple
Hodgson„ ltd.-Berwick-on-Tweed
Hogg, James Weir-Beverley
Holmes, Hon. W.-Isle of Wight
Hope, Charles-Linlithgowshire
Elope, H. T.-Gloucester
Hope, G. W.-Weymouth
Lord-Lesmiuster
Hughes, W. 8.-Carnarvon
Hurt, Francis-South Derby

TELLERS.

;tanley, E. Jahn—North Cheshire.
Steuart, Robert—Haddington, &v.
,NOES, 194.
Irton, Samuel—Cumberland
Jagkson,Mr. Serj.—Bandon Bridge
fames, Sir W. C.—Hull
renkins, Richard—Shrewsbury
Jermyn, Earl—Bury, Suffolk
Johnstone, .1. ll.—llowfriesshire
Jones, 'Wilson—Denbigh
Kernble, H.—West Surrey
Kelburne, Lord
Knatchbull, Sir E.—East Kent
'Knight, H. G.—Nottinghamshire
'inightley, Sir C.—Northampton-
shire
Knox, Hon. Thomas—Dungannon
Law, Hon. C. E. Cambridge Univ.
Lefroy, Rt. Hon. T.—Dublin Uni-
versity •
' Liddell, Hon. H.—North Durham
Lincoln. Earl of—South Notts
Litton, Edward—Coleraine
Lockhart, A. M.—Lanarkshire
Long, W.—North Wiltshire
Lowther, Colonel—Westmorelan
Lucas, Edward—Monaghan
Lygoir, Major-Gen. Hon. H. 8.-
Worcestershire West.
*dackenzie, Thomas—Mess-shire
dahon, Viscount-- Hertford
ilarton, Geo.—Lar.caster
daster, Colonel—Cirencester
daunsell, P —Northampt • nsh
Meynell, Captain /I.—Lisburne
William—Somersetshire
Nfiles, Philip W. Skynner—Bristol
diner, W. H.—Newcastle-under.
Lyme
I.lornaitnt, Sir John—Warwicksh.
Neeld, Joseph—Chippenham
John—Cricklade
Sicholl, J.—Cardiff
,Torreys, Lord—Oxfordshire
Owen, Sir J.—Pembrokeshire
Packe, C. W.—Leicester, South
Pakington, J. S.—Droitwich
Palmer, George—Essex
'arker, R. T.—Preston
Peel, Rt. Hon. Sir R.—Tamworth
Peel, Col. Jonathan—Huntingdon
Pemberton, Thomas—Ripon
l'igot, Robert —Bridgnorth
l'lanta, Joseph—Hastings
Plumptre, John P.—East Kent
Polhill, Frederick—Bedford
'ollen, Sir J.—Andover
%Bock, Sir F.—Huntingdon
."owell, Colonel—Cardiganshire
Pracd, W. T.—st. Ives
Pringle, Alexander—Selkirkshire
Pusey, Philip—Berkshire
Sae, Right Hon. Sir Wm.—Bute
lichards, Richard—Merionethsh
tickford, W.—Aylesbury
tolleston, Col.—S. Nottingham
Sound, Charles Gray—Essex N.
Sound, John—Maldon
liushbrooke, Colonel—Suffolk
iandon, Lord—Liverpool
scarlett, Hon. J. Y.—Guildford
Shaw, Rt. Hon. F.—Dublin Univ
Sheppard, Thomas—Frome
Shirley, E. .1 —Warwickshire
Sibthorp, Colonel—Lincoln
Sinclair, Sir George - Caithness
Smith, Abel—Hertfordshire
Smyth, Sir G. H.—Colchester
Somerset, Lord G.—Moumeuthsh.
sp. y, Sir S. T.—Bodmin
Stanley, Edward—Cumberland
Stanley, Lord—North Lancashire
Stewart, John—Lymington
Aormonr, Viscount—Perthshire
Stun, Henry Chasi—Dersetshire
reignmouth, Lord—Marylebone
Ferment, J. E.—Belfast
Thomas, Colonel—Kinsale
I hornbill, G.—Huntingdonshire
French, Sir F.—Scarborough
Vere, Sir C. B.—East Suffolk
Vernon, G. 11.—East Rettbrd
Villiers, ViscourP—Weymouth
Vivian, John Ennis—Truro
Waddington, FL S.—West Suffolk
Walsh, Sir John—Sudbury
Whitmore, T. C.—Bridgenorth
Wodehouse, Edmund—Norfolk
Wood, Colonel T.—Brecon
Wood, Thomas—Middlesex
Wyndham, Wadham—Salisbury
Wynn, Right Hon. C. W.—Mon t-
gomcryshire
Wynn, Sir W. W.—Denbighshire
Young, Sir W,—Bucks

TELLERS.
Fremantle, Sir Thomas—Bucks
Clerk, Sir G.—Stamford

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.
TATTERSALL'S-YESTERDAY.

Owing to the settling for Hampton Races, the betting was
by no means brisk, and very littla done on the July Stakes,
Goodwood Cup, or St. Leger. The Derby for 1840 was not
mentioned

T. LEGER.
4 to 1 agst Scott's lot—offered
3 to 1 agst Mr. Ridsdale's Bloomsbury—offered
9 to 1 agst Mr. Blakeleck's The Commodore—taken
13 to 1 agst Col. Cradock's The Provost—taken
16 to 1 agst Hetman Platoff—taken
50 to 1 agst Sir T. Stanley's Apothecary—taken

NEWMARKET JULY STAKES.
5 to 2 asst Lord Exeter's Hellespont—offered
4 to 1 Mr. Thornhill's St. Preux—taken

GOODWOOD CUP.
6 to 1 agst Mr. Ridsdale's Bloomsbury—taken
6 to 1 agst FL':war Craven's Deception—offered
6 to 1 agst Richard Roe—taken
6 to 1 agst Epirus and Harkaway—taken

THE LATE HAMPTON RACES.
The Palace Stake., run for at Hampton on Thursday last, in
which the rider of Pauline was charged with having intentiondlly
lost the race, has excited a good deal of observation, and several
parties have not yet settled. One gentleman, a member of the
Jockey Club, although a winner on the race, has refused to
settle until an investigation has taken place for the purpose of
ascertaining and exposing all who were concerned in the im-
puted ftaud. To effect this a meeting will take place at one
o'clock on Thursday at Messrs. Weatherby's office, Oxendon-
street, at which all who had bets on the race aro requested to
attend.

Nxw TRAVELS IN TIIE PENINSULA.—
The new work, intitled " A Summer in Andalucia," is
now before the public. The Atlas of Sunday last, in re-
vievvitig this work, says---." These volumes are calculated
for popularity. The interest of the narrative never flags.
It is evidently the production of one who saw and noted
on the instant the scenes and incidents he describes; and
they exhibit throughout the characteristics of immediate
and individual impressions. The author presents to us,
not a dry philosophical summary of his reminiscences
of Andalucia, but an account of all the interest-
ing incidents of travels that attracted his atten-
tion during his excursion. There is nothing,
therefore, prosy, dull, or uninteresting in his work,
all is spirited and life-like. The style is above all praise;
it is exactly that which is best adapted to a work of travels
—plain but pure, natural, and unaffected. In dismissing
this work we may observe gontrally that it is written in a
very excellent spirit, that it is full of amusing anecdotes and
incidents, and instructive comments on the state and pro-
spects of the country, and the habits and feelings of the
people."
