lowing remarks :

" The army 1 20,000 strong, with 330 pieces or
" cannon, was tmitcd on the 14th unknown to the
" Prussians. Every thing had succeeded to our
wish, and on the evening of the 14th the most
" perfect security was reigning at Brussels, Charle-
" roi, and Namur. Blucher was about to be sur-
" prised , but General Bourmout, the commander of
" the third division of the fourth corps, who had
" been employed, on the pressing application of the
" brave and worthy General Gerard, deserted, with
" Colonel Clouet, of the engineers, and Wil-
" lontrey, the chief of a squadron, and has-
" tened to carry to the enemy the secret of
" the Emperor's intentions. Blucher availed him-
,
" self of this valuable information by drawing
" nearer to the English army; Napoleon on his side
" foreseeing the changes which would be produced
" by a discovery so unfavourable to him, and know-
" lug the enterprising character of Blucher , pro-
" ceeded to make new dispositions, with reference to
" those expected from his adversary, and on the fol-
" lowing morning, at day-break, the French army
" prepared to pass the Sambre at three different
". points." Vol. IV. p. 350.
" When on this subject I may as well direct
your attention to what is said by the Count de
Las Cases in his Memorial of St. Helena, as a
report of the words of Napoleon himself.

" Singular campaign ! in Which in less than a
" week the secure triumph of France, and the settle-
" ment of her destinies escaped three times from my
" hands ! But for the desertion of a traitor, I should
" have annihilated the enemy at the opening of the
" campaign."—Vol. 4, p. 305.

And again, in the account of the campaign
written at St. Helena, to Napoleon's diction, it
is said that on the 14th, in the evening, Lieut.-
" Colonel B—, Colonel C—, and NV—, an
" officer of the staff, deserted from the 4th
corps, and went over to the enemy. Their
" names will be execrated as long as the F ench
" people continue to form a nation.'

When these words were written, the fallen
Emperor could scarcely have supposed that the
deserter whom he thus stigmatized, would one
day enjoy the supreme controul of the affairs of
that army which had so long been devoted to his
interests ; and it really is not wonderful that an
individual who has raised himself to power by
such unworthy means, should become an objet
of repugnance and dislike to a great and generous
nation.

" The contraband proceedings under the ad-
dress of the English Ambassador had not been
finally arranged, when a new instance of the
same kind, and conducted with similar delibera-
tion, has been discovered in a recent shipment
of goods, apparently the property of the Prince
tie Polignac. This affair has been announced in
a letter dated the 21st of October, from the
Chamber of Commerce at Calais, to M. Boiel-
dieu, the Inspector of the Customs, in which it
is stated by the Chamber, that they had received
information of there having been at that moment
in the Custom-house no less than 80 packages,
which had arrived in the port of Calais by the
ship Nereide, to the address of his Excellency
the Prince de Polignac, which the bill of lading,
dated from London, on the Bth of October, had
described as containing furniture, effects, and
books—but that, abusing the seal of the Etn_
bassy, these packages had contained a great
quantity of English lace; prohibited by law.—
The Chamber of Commerce proceed to say, that
i❑ consequence of the abuses of the same kind
which had lately taken place, they felt themselves
bound to take measures for preventing their re-
petition—and that, for the general interest, and
for that of the manufacturers of lace in parti-
cular, they required the Inspector of the Customs
not to forward any of these packages to Paris,
until they had been opened, and subjected to a
strict examination ; or at least, if his instructions
did not admit of such a verification at Calais,
that the packages should be sent to the Custom-
house at Paris, under the seal of the Chamber
of Commerce."

The Denzerara Chronicle, of the sth of Sep-
tember,,eontains a most appalling statement cur-
rent there :—About May last a Dutch sloop of';
war fell in with a ship off the Isle of Saba, which
having no papers to show was taken possession
of. Soon after a schooner, strongly armed and
manned, appeared, and, hailing the Dutch ves-
sel, claimed the ship as her prize, pretending to
he a Buenos Ayres privateer ; but upon examin•
ing her commission, it was found to have ex-
pired long since, and she was also taken posses-
sion of, and, with the ship, carried into Saba; but
the authorities there being incompetent to decide
both, were utimately taken to Surinam for adju-
dication. The ship proved to have come from
Brazil, on a slavery voyage to the coast of
Africa, and a few days after Has captured by the
schooner. The crew that left Brazil with her
are missing, and the pirate gave a very unsatis-
factory account of them. From one of the crew
of the schooner, however, it transpired that
these unfortunates had been put into a boat,
fired at, and sunk. The ship was condemned
at Surinam as having a slave cargo on board,
amongst which was a number of hogsheads
of pork, which were publicly sold, and
when opened by the purchasers, were found
to contain human carcases cut up into pieces and
salted among the pork. On many parts of these
was traced- that species rfs !_::,:oing used by se

men on their bodies. It was not known whether
the human flesh was mixed up at first with the
pork, or whether it was the work of the pirate.
From the dilatory mode of Dutch law, it was
feared these monsters would escape, as bribery
was so usual and bore so potent a sway at
Surinam.

THE FUNDS.--(THIS DAY.)

CITY, TwKr,rg o'CLoca

Accounts from Alexandria, in Egypt, state that all the
Members of the Council, which received orders to assem;,le
there to examine a project for a general change in the com-
mercial administration of the country, have been there
during three weeks, holding their sittings almost daily, and
the general opinion was, that some affairs of greater im-
portance than the commerce of the country occupied their
attention. The Viceroy has in agitation two principal
objects—to augment consid,ralily his forces by sea and
land ; the second, to increase his revenue to covi.r his ex-
pences. The frontiers are fortified, and Lis fleet is becom-
ing daily more numerous.
Accounts from Constantinop'e of the same date as last
received, state that the capital remains tranquil and exe-
cuti:ms less frequent. Commerce begins to revive. The
occupation of Enos by the Russians has caused frequent
conference's between the English and French Ambassadors,
who require its immediate evacuation by the Russians.
The D wish Minister in the shave capitd has freighted
seven Austrian vessels, to take on board lOS I Russian
prisoners for Sizeboli,

The folowi.tg Decree eras issued at Bogota :
BOOOTA, JUNE 3.—To the Prefects—A delay having
occurred in the receipt at the office under my charge, of
the Decree issued by the Liberator at Quite (,n the Bth of
May last, relative to the duties on importations, which was
published in the Gazette of Colombia, and its circulation
and publication having, from this can-e, been delayed, in
consequence of which the term within which its Operazion
was to commence is too short as regards produce intrusted
in vessels comiag from the United States and Europe; the
Government has determined that the provisions contained
in the said Decree shall not take effect in respect to the
former until the lit of January, 1830.
(Signed) MCI-101,AS TANCO.,
THE FUNDS.

Not a single ship letter has come to hand this morning,
consequently we are very barren of intelligence, and the
Funds continue heavy. Consols, which left off yesterday
at 90i for money, and 90i 91 for the account, opened
at 91 fur the account, since which they have been sellers
at 91, with little business doing.
This is settling day in the Foreign market, and Brazil
stock has fallen -?; per cent.

ENGLISH FUNDS.
Bank Stock, 2144 15 3} per Cent. 99 i.
India Stock, 2221 t 2234 New 4 per Cent., 1014 a
3 per Cent. C.'ns. 91 i 4 per Cent. 11;26 101 i .6
Do., for Account, 91i i India Bonds, 62 63
Ditto TteducA, 901 i Exchequer Bill 4, 73 74

FOREIGN FUNDS.
Brazilian, 69; 64 I Greek, 19 20
Buenos Ayres, 23 5 1 Mexican, 21
Chilian, 21 2 I Peruvian, 13 14.
Colombian, 191 20 1 Portuguese, 484 i
Danish, 724 1- Prussian,
French, 5 per Cent. 1074 Si Russian, 1044 il
Ditto, 3 per Cent. 824 i Spanish, Si i

TWO O'CLOCK.

In the absence of information, we can only report the
transactions going forward in the Funds during the early
part of the morning: the Bears male an effort to bang
the market, thinking that more money stock would have
been sold, in which they were deceived. The Bulls im-
mediately took advantage of this circumstance, and bore
down furiously on the Bears, purchasing about one hun-
dred thousand Consob, when they wale at 9O for the
Account, and 904 for Money : this caused a reaction,
an.l Consols recovered again to 914 for the Account ; at
present they may Fie quoted 9l fur Money, and 91* I for
Account. It is said that money Las been obtained at two
per cent. to keep up the market.

_ .
We have a report that the Dolce of Wellington is going
to Ireland.

The settling of accounts in the Foreign Market is going
off well ; no defaulters at present : the chief settlement is
in Brazil, which fell one per cent., but has recovered
again. In other Foreign securities little doing.

THREE 0' e't 0 Cli.
Consols for Aecounr, 90-3. ; for Money, 90i.

COVENT-GARDEN THEATRE.

A new play, tinder the title of Shakspeares Early
Days, was brought out last night at this there It is a
lively amusing piece, full of incident, but presenting few or
no opportunities for criticism. The chief points are the
stealing of the deer by young Shakspeare in Sir Thotnns
Lucy's park, the vision of the great dramatist's future
glory on the banks of the Avon, his appearance at the
Court of Elizabeth with the tragedy of Hamlet, his ad-
ventures in London, where he saves the life of Lord
Southampton, who was riding on an unruly horse to the
Globe. Theatre, his interviews with the actors Burbage
and Tarleton, the former of whom consents to perform
his tragedy of Hamlet, his in'roduction to the learned
Doctor Orthodox, a licenser of plays, who criticises his
Hamlet most unmercifully for its impudent violation of the
unities, and who advises him to give up writing plays and
stick to the plough-tail, as he was confessedly ignorant of
Aristotle and the classics ; and lastly, his poetical
contest, before Queen Elizabeth, for a valuable portrait of
herself, to which he is declared to have fully entitled himself,
in preference to the redoubted Doctor Orthodox, whose
rhyming pane7yric is declared by the Queen to be as long
as a lawyer's bill. These points were ably and spiritedly
worked up, and joined with the excellent acting of the
performers, each of whom exerted himself and herself to
the utmost, gained considerable favour from the au-
dience. The scenery was unusually striking, consist-
ing for the most part of views on the banks of the Avon,
in the neighbourhood of Stratford. The panoramic
vision, illustrative of Shakspeare'a Genre glory, was parti-
cularly well contrived, and represented in splendid style, a
series of moving sketches of some of the most important
characters and incidents in the great Dramatist's produc-
tions. The audience chamber in Elizabeth's palace, and
its decorations, was also an impressive scene. Among the
actors we cannot refrain from singling out Mr. C. KE3181.7.,
whose performance of Shakspeare‘vas marked by much
spirit and discrimination. The house was crowded, and
the play announced for repetition on Saturday, amidst loud
and unanimous applause.
