REPRESENTATION OF YORKSHIRE.

(From the Leeds Mercury of Saturday )
A meeting was held yesterday, in Leeds, con-
sisting of deputations from the principal towns of
the Riding. That meeting contained the most influ-
ential men from the most populous &spiels of the
county, whose efforts were so successful formerly on
behalf' of Mr. Marshall, and latterly on behalf of
Mr. Brougham. The strong sentiment of those
gentlemen and Of the places from which they were
deputed was, that the West Riding ought by all
Means to return a commercial man--u man qualified
to represent thoroughly the manufacturing and iner-
gentile Interests of this great province. The vast
importance of this object has been acknowledged at
the last two elections, and must never be forgotten.
Though the West Riding of Yorkshire has a popu-
lation of seven hundred thousand inhabitants, who
ought, according to the proportion they bear to the
population of the whole kingdom, to have thirty-six
Representatives, only ten Members are sent from
this Riding, eight of wham are for rotten boroughs,
and the other' two for the not very Sound borough
of Pontefract. We have not, therefote, the shadow
of a representation for the West Riding, except in
our Conley Members, of whom three are wholly
Connected with the agricultural interest. Is it an
an unreasonable demand from all the populous towns
and villages of this hive of manufactures, that they
should have one Representative for themselves
They have a right to thirty-six; is one,an extrava-
gant demand ?
Acting with this view, the meeting of yesterday,
though it approved of the political principles of Sir
John Johnstone, preferred a man connected with
commerce, to represent the important interests of
the West Riding. In Daniel Sykes, Esq., the pre-
sent Member for Beverley, they saw a Member
every way answering to their wishes. Himself con-
nected with trade, being concerned in a mercantile
house in Hull—of mercantile descent and connec-
tions, being the son of a Leeds merchant, whose
family has long been of high respectability in this
town—thoroughly versed both in the details and
principles of commerce--attached to the utmost
freedom of industry—so independent and disinte-
rested that he sacrificed the representation of Hull,
because he would not support the claims of the
shipping interests to a re-imposition of the old re-
strictions on navigation—favourable to freedom of
trade in corn and freedom of trade to the East—a
staunch, consistent, and enlightened friend to a tho•
rough Reform of the House of Commons—the con-
stant advocate of economy and retrenchment, which
lie has supported on all occasions—most regular in
his attendance at the house and in Committees—a
cool, clear-headed, patient man of business—the
very apostle of anti-slavery, having visited the whole
East Riding to stir up the people to petition for the
emancipation of the slave—and, above all, of the
most inflexible integrity and unstained purity of cha-
rider such are the high and varied claims of Mr.
Sykes to the confidence of the freeholders of
Yorkshire. We feel assured that such a cha-
racter will command the zealous support of the
West Riding. It will be seen that a deputation
from yesterday's meeting has been sent to London,
to solicit Mr. Sykes to allow himself to be put in
nomination.

We certainty entertain the opinion that,Lord
BitOUGliAlf would, as an independent man and as a
11(ember for Yorkshire, have possessed a moat powerful in.
ildenee in. the Howie of Commons, and have been enabled

told() much good for the country. A seat ie the Cabinet
sfoidd namely enable him to do mere then ha might have
' clops iu this situation. But by accepting the highest office
in lthe Butte, and becoming a Member of Government, he
will be able more speedify..—p..rhaps more effectually—to
attain the public objects he had before him. lint present
extra is certainly different from all former casts. Hereto-
foris to join the Ministry was to share in governing by
corrupt influence! now, the first principle of the. Ministry
is Reform—s principle so vastly important, that any men
would be justified in leaving any station to strengthen such
a Government. Reformers have been struggling for fifty
ye *a, since the d'art* of the Duke of RICHMOND, Mr.
Per, and Mr. WYVILL, to correct the defects in the Re.
I
us
pr ' entation; but this is the first r moment that they have
has any reasonable hopes of attaining their object, except
as he result of a contest still very. protracted against the
established strength of the Borough Proprietors. That
the!Ktuu, the Parstiln, and the Loan Cuancet.t.on,
shOuld at once be found on the side of Reform, seems, I.ke
a dream; assuredly, .if Lord BILOUGIiAIt has been instru-
mental in bringing about this wondrous charge, lie is enti-
:wily deserving of the grutitutkof his cuttutry.—Leeds
Mercury.
In the interesting Memoirs of General
vAi; I.lAutti (of which a second edition hall just been polo.
lishhd), we meet with one of those characters which be,
lontrather to fiction than to the cold Al:elides of life.
Ila away the real heroine of his work, through whose in_
strtinientality VAN lIALEN effected his escape from the
dungeons of the Inquisition of Madrid, is a true model of
female generosity, humanity, and self-desetioo., .Evett the
humility of her sphere of life renders her conduct the more
deserving of the adutirstion of the world, and especially of
that sex of which she is an or:mimeo, and which knows
so well bow to appreciate the noblest impulses of the heart.

CASTLF OF XX MEN FItIDAY, NOV. e 6.
The High Sheriff of Devon having received a reqUicition
at once the most numerous and respectable, bid with a
courteous promptitirde, which well entities him to the gra.-
Chide of the cnuntry, appointed this day for the assembling
of this great county on the abuses of the representation.
Econrimy being the order of the day, no hustings. were
erected, the rquisitionista having told. the: Sheriff they
would provide waggons instead. Within the circular
railing in front of the Castle, therefore, a large waggon
was placed, in Which was the Sher;fra chair; to the right
and left without the railing, a range of waggons extended
Before eleven o'Clock a number of respectable individuals
were collected in the Castle-yard, and separating into
groups, appeared congrattilating each other on the glorious
change in the aspect of affairs at present, as compared
with what it was when the requisition was signed, and
that within so feW days it had become their pleasing
,
to support tne Government instead of opposing it. These
group" continued to increase until some time after eleven;
when, the weather being extremely cold, and sleet mixed
with rain falling, the Sheriff determined to hold the tneet-
ing within the Court, instead of in the open air: Not-
withstanding the change of Administration which de-
lighted us, and the badness of the weather in the morning,
which annnyeil us.;.--a very large and" highly respectable
meeting filled the Cour t. We observed a very great mu-
her of the principal county gentlemen present, whilst
Major Pitman sat in solitary state in the Grand Jury
gal'ery.
The Hiatt Sneerer having taken the Chair, said that,
in consequence of a reqiiiition signed by cearly 1,00
freeholders he bad thought it his duty to call the present
meeting of the county of Devon. The subject was one, of
the highest importance, and he Coped that if a merkite of
the kind proposed were passed, it might be productive of
that benefit which nearly all appeared agreed in antici-
pating.—(Much cheering.)
The SIIICKIFF then directed the Under-Sheriff to read
the requisition, which was then done.

The Hon. and Rev. JOHN FORTESC UP: then rose. He
said, before the commenremeot of the proper business of
the meeting, the High Sheriff had kindly permitted him
to slate to the meeting, the reason why his Noble brother,
Lord Ebrington, was unable to attend in his place that
day.• They would readily belieVe it was not owing to any
lukewarinuess on the question, much less to any disrespect
to his constituents. He had now been long known to
them as the steadfast friend of Parliamentary Reform.—
Nothing but uncontrolable necessity, occasioned by indis-
position, had prevented him ; he had come down from
London for the express purpose, and up to yesterday had
hoped to have attended ; but it was found to be impos-
sible; when he left his brother he eras confined to his
room; and then indeed to his bed.

The Hon. NEWTON -FELLOWrs then rose fur the pur-
pose of moving the petition: He haul been told out of
doors, that the present meeting was now rendered unne-
cessary—that there was only one way of thinking—that
under the new Administration, the measure was to be
made a Cabinet measure, and that then' petitions would
be of no value ; he dissented al,ogether from these opi•
nions, for they did not • hold this Meeting because they
differed from Ministers, but because they should ad-
dress • men who they knew would lend a favour-
able ear to their petitions. If he could now
Clew, that the representation was not accord-
ing to the Constitution, and that abuses existed

.—he should have shown them that 4 remedy was
necessary, and they would agree with him in the present
petition. The petition slid not point out the remedy, it
was enough to state the grievance, leaving it to those who
have the power to grant their request. It had been ar-
gued that it made no difference, though the borough
System continued, as it was pretty evenly balanced, and
had always worked well.—(Langhter.)—So says a Noble
Duke—who even said, if he had to form a new Constitu.
tion for any country, it should be as near as possible to
out own.— (Much laughter.)—He also tells us that pe-
titions are farces: they may have been 'so under his ad-
ministration, but they bad now a set of men who would
hear 'their petitions.—(Loud cheering.)_A House of
Commons had been returned who had told their constitti:!
tuts they would support reform, (a voice cried out, :fiVati
can they help ii?") and who had chiefly been rp(iuue an
that principle. That boroughs are marks tableVits clear
as the sun at noon day, therefore theytiiiio told they
might get in men of liberal principles if thilitt•ould pay a
little more ; but would not the people put it eut of their
power by altering the system, and preventing corruption ?
'Phis purchasing system had been punished in an lion.
Baronet, in this county, and yet be (Mr. P.) was himself
present, when Mr. Quintin Dick stated that he could bring
evidence to convict many of the Right lion. personages in
the House of the sone offence, and so convinced was the
House of it, that they moved the order of the day. Mr.
F. had called on the Hon. Bart., in a great Houle—
(hear,)—much larger than his own, who had been sent
there only for using a little money in electioneering. 11,
was not only made ineligible, but was sent to pay hit re-
spects to Mr. Cole, hard bye.
The Hon. Gentleman continued—You will think, then,
we need a reform in Parliament, you will ask what re-
medy we propose ? I will tell you my own opinion ; but
the petition does not express a word about the remedy. I
think there is no security in any redress, that may be
granted, without the Ballot, (this dechratien was received
with loud, continued, and general cheering), without that
protection to individuals from corrupt influence,—but
there is not a word about the ballot in the petition, nei-
ther does the petition contain a word about universal suf•
frage, which I abhor, nor about annual Parliaments,
Which I think inconvenient. But it was necessary to State
our grievances, in order to back up the Government by
our support. He hail been told, there world be a diffi-
who possessed borough property,
culty with the aristocracy,
which he said was illegal. They would doubtless agree,
if the people would give them compensation ; but to
this he would not agree.—(Hear, hear, hear.) If 4
man lays out money on a good estate, with a bad title,
and the heir appears and claims it,—will the heir give
compensation ? If a man lays out his money in deeds
op a road, and a clever person cute a better line, will
the trustees consent to compensate the possessor* of the
old lint. If then, in legal transactions, they would refuse
to give compensation, would they give it in an illegal one?
It was also asked, ashy petition fur Reform.—another Par.
Bement was a long way off—why not petition on the
tithes and taxes.—(Hear, hear.) What use w,,s it to per
tition till Parliament had good ears—it was no use to
b'swl to deaf men—but when they had got good ears was
the time to talk of tithes and tuxes. The Hon. Gentle.
man then moved the petition, which was read by the Un-
der-Sheriff ; it was as follows :

To THE HONOURABLE THE COMMONS OF THE
UNITED KINODOM OF CIREAT BRITAIN AND
IRELAND IN PARLIA mENT ASSEMBLED:—
THE HUMBLE PETITION ,Or THE FREEHOLDERS
AND INHABITANTS OF THE COUNTY OF
DEVON, PAYINU RATES AND TAXES

Sheweth,..»Tbat your petitioners, fully sensible of the
original emollence of the Constitution of this country,
most ardently desire to have it maintained upon thegenuine
principles on which it was founded.
.It is needless for them at this time to point out in detail
how a deviation from those principles has impaired the Cotlr
stitutiun. They deem it sufficient to state that your

Honourable House, as at present constituted, is not an
adequaterepresentation of the Commons of England.
your petitioners complain of the partial distribution of
the elective franchise, whereby towns long since fallen into
decay, and some even without inhabitants, send Membrts
to Parliament, while large, and orAlent, stud thickly
peopled places have no Itopreatutatives in your Honourable
House.

They complain of the enormous expense and corrupt
influence attending elections.
lastly, they complain of the lung duration of Par.!

laments.

To these grievances thus respectfully lei I befutla you,
your petitioners pray that your Bonourable House will
afford its early and most serious AttiAtion, anti Will imme-
timely apply such remedy as i; its wisdom it may 41e0131
most fitting, and such ai will satisfy the loudly and re-
peatedly expressed desire of the people.
And your petitioners will ever pray, Sac.
N.B. The petitiou to the Lords is similar.

......
The. lion: dentist:tutu resunted.—Br-fore he sat downl he
begged to Allude to ono or two pointa—a rvt Lind tax,
which WAS indeed then the only tax, was-the (warden w
show Out taxation' was the only ground of represeautioni
next the poor's rates founded on the same principle. On
these the innovations of the charters to corporations rot-

tion, and in doing so
,he congratulated as Well, those who
signed the requisition, as those who looked to Parliamen-
tary Reform as that which was to infuse new vigtior to
the Conetitution of the country, on the improved pro-
opects before them. When the, requisition went forth, the
whole weight of Government was opposed to Reform—
at present the Sovereign as well as his Cabinet stood
pledged to the measure; and he now called on them to
support the Government and the Throne in their 'llispovi-
tion to benefit the people. Nothing could be more twee-
ceptionable than the petition which bad been moved.
(Captain Roller's) first conviction in favour of Parliamen-
tary Reform, was impressed on his mind, by reading the
vivid arguments urged by the present Prime Minister in
its favour; and it was them sentiment, that were em-
bodied in the petition. The petitioners offered to prove
at the bar of the House of Commons, that 162 Peerm and
commoners either nominated or direCtly influenced the re-
turn of the majority of the Members ...(Neer, hear.)—
Now, as the majority of the House of Cammone held the
strings of the public purse, was it not probable that those
who contronled that majority would sometimes help them-
selves?—(Cheers)—and the fact was, that they hail helped
ttrielvem, and indeed turned the purse inside out.
was the real evil of the present system, and any thing thet
did not reach this evil would be ineffectual. Without in-
sisting on any specific plan of Reform, be would toy that
the principles must be.
Ist. To simplify and equalize the right of voting.
2d. To make each body of electors too large for indi•
vidual corruption.
3d. To make the period of choice too short for temp-
tation.

The present Minister's stood pledged to Reform and
Retrenchment. Both, he might say, were imperatively
demanded by the country—both bad been urgently and
voluntarily reolmmentled by almost every individual its
the present Cabinet. With a united Cabinet, therefore,
and the united voice of the country, the task would ap-
pear easy ; lint yet ho believed they would require the
steady and declared voice of the people to carry effectual
Reform and effectual Retrenchment; and he believed they
must refbrm before they could retrench ; for constituted
al the House of Commons was, be did not believe any
Minister could be honest, and the Minister who would
retrench must depend on the country for support, and not
upon those self-elected Members whose gain! it was pro-
posed to curtail. The Hon. Gentleman concluded by
eating on his hearers to support the Government and the
Throne in their endeavours tai serve them.

The adjournment to the Hall proved to be a great die-
appointment to many persons who had come to the Castle--
yard, nod finding the Court quite full went away. How-
ever, the crowd within and without the Hell becoming
dissatisfied, a general cry was raised to adjourn to the
yard, which appearing to be the general wiah of the meet.
log, the Sheriff adjourned the meeting to the yard ac-
cordingly.
Here a general call was made on Mr. Nortbmore.—
After a short time,
Mr. NORTIIMORE rose, and observed that Parliament
was instituted to have the petition' of the people braid,
discussed, and redressed, and that they, the members, were
not to leave their sittings until the claims of the people
were attended to. The speaker went through a variety
of detail, to prove this position—and justly remarked,
that the House of Commons was intended to be, and ought
to be, the express image of the people ; arid, Paid he,' if
they do not redress our grievances, let us petition the
King. Mr. Northmore instanced the rotten borough sys-
tem, by citing the writings of, and his own personal ac-
quitintance with, Mr. Oldfield, of borouglimengering no-
ton iety, observing that according to Mr. Oldfield, who once
sold eighteen seats at the price of about 2,000!. each, and
who, on being asked by the worthy speaker as to the
value, replied—that, gentlerr en whose consciences were
not particularly astringent might he, supplied at about
2,0004 each ; honest Whigs might get seats for 3,5001. ;
but it would have cost a reformer 6,000/. A certain
Noble Duke had the system Works well. He would
observe; that if it did work well, it required too much
oiling. Was it to be borne that lIS Privy Councillors
sheuld have 650,0001.—that in Pensions, Reversions, &c.
1,343,942/. should be expended? •Can auy one wonder
it the distress of the country ? which he could not allude
to without deeply deploring labourers have nut sufficient
wages; and in the welds of the Kent petition, " Their
burdens are more than they can bear." The speaker evi-
denced the effects of taxation, as reaching the people in
every thing they wore, front the hat downwards. Taxed
for the light of the sun in the morning, taxed during life,
and taxed at death. He emphatically observed that if we
did unit get rid of the borough fiction, the borough in-
tetette would annihilate all where.
Mr. C. P. Hasti.vre—l el, that without a full, fair,
and effectual, (not a nominal) reform, any improvement
of the state of the country, or any diminution of the evils
of which we have to complain, cannot be derived. Here
I ought to stop, but emboldened by the handsome manner in
which I have been received, on this and other occasions, I
take leave to congratulate you upon the progress which
the feeling in favour of Reform, has made in the country,
and in this county in particular, during the last few years
—a fact most unequivocally proved by the number and
respectability of the names affixed to the requisition, and
that notwithstanding the insidious statements made to
mislead them, the people now, instead of tegarding the
question with indifference or alarm, hail it as tine only
means by which their sufferings can be assuaged. What
we ask for, is effectual llefortn—whieh will give us that
constitutional controul over those who are sent to repro-
sent us, to which we by the true spirit of the Constitution
are justly entitleil--and that we are entitled to it, I be-
lieve the meat determined enemy to Reform will not at-
tempt to deny, nor will he pretend to say that we are now
properly represented. My Hon. Friend, Mr. Minimum.,
had entered into detail, stating that less than 200 persons
returned a majority to the Home of Commonl, There
was a fact which that gentleman had not stated,

namely, that Gloucester and Cheshire, with a pte
pulation equal to Cornwall, returned only eight And
four Members respectively, whereas Cornwall sends
forty-twee the natural consequence of which we all
feel in else pensions, places, and unnecessary person'
quartered on the country without any other recommentla-
dation, Race through influence, which they exert in de-
stroying the best interests of the country, The curses sf
corruption meets us et every turn, it robs us of our means
and demoralizes the people; at a temptation to do wrong,
it is too great to be withstood. Its withering influent*
hi felt in all the professions, whether they pertalce of eecle
sleatical, civil, or military preferment, and we well know
that borough influence it metre snore frequently the pass-
port to Pi orootion and fortune than the most splendui
talent, whielailigniees ineokind. The favourite argument
agaitut granting eelisrtn is that it will interfere with
vested interests, and the influence of property. Welt
regard to the first, if the boroughs were them; open,
the plain meaning is, that the gentlomm lied beau dealing
in the representation of this neopie, without calculating
that it was an lit:tilds to whiclineither buyer or seller had
a right. Tha only consolation I can offer it, that they
Must share the fate of other dealers in contraband 9°04.
With regard to the influence of property, I would atilt what '
they mean ? The influence of prilierty is that which it
must always possess when employed beneficielly, and
therefore it ean, b. 5 ao danger—any other influence
must lie that obtained by tyrannizing over the
opinion* of those tvlio are vot in a situation to ee..atead
against it, and this sort of influenee no !mallet man could
wish to support, so. that, Qmt;pl-4641. these futile argil.
mints fall to the grouuti. A difference of opinion existed
amongst its ft.:le/I,la, nO to the specific plan of Reform tq be
adopted. The opinion of so humble en ineUtitinat as me.
self, can be of little importance, bet ; thonld not go away
eiteisfiesi that I had Devil isath, Candour, if 1 left this meet-
trig wither t deelaelag, that I believe the most useful of
utt reforMs will be to proeure the establishment of electiee
by ballot; became.- it would well protect the elector in
the free exercise of his franchise, end secure bit, from
the influence of tyranny
13". corruption. never adopt; an
withoot conviction of its being justly founded, and
that point settled, nothing' deters tots Om th4itoing it
optnly.—(Cheeri,
The petitiotii reera thee, carried WM con.
- A general rail for Sir Thome* Mend, who appeared on
the hustings, was onif tiet atlide by n
NICW.III 24 ', in a neat epeeeli, proposing that the
Wilco to the Lords should he presented by the venerable
1 tad Litettenatit Earl Fertesetw, or by some Noble Lord

Mr. Nnwril3loaß seconded the motion of the previous
speaker.
Sir THOMAS AVLANn,.so far from feeling reluctance on
the present occasion, had purposely corns from London
he present among theta. The question of Reform was one
of the most paramountimportance, and one which should
he calMly considered, and judged dispaitsbnately. Sinre,
the meeting had done his noble toll, ague and himself the
honour of entrusting the petition to their rare, be wouftt
discharge his ditty with fidelity. Sir Thomus did not gn
the length of Reform advocated • by certain geetlemeu, but
he Mil Prepared; had not lute events anticipated him, ti,
have given Mr. Brougham his support in the motion for
Reform which was to be brought before the House : and•
in stating thus much be had not the least idea, when- his
mind had been resolved after mature uonsideration, of the
result that would have followed the division on the quests,
tion of the Civil List. The Cowmen, had received their,
full quantum of odium this day, hut he must say that,
credit should be given to the House for Sir If. Parnell's
ntajinity. In proposing to second measures of Reform, he
should approach the corsAeretion soberly, deliberatively, -
with en anxinue care and reverence fur our glorious Con-
stitution. In concluding an emphatic &dame, the Hon.,
Baronet rejoiced iu the advancement of rational
fret darn, in whatever country it obtained; in either ;
hemisphere or any colour ; what ho meant by five.
damn was free thought, and more, free acs, be
regretted illness bad prevented his Noble Colleague's pre-
settee this day, • end more so, since having accidentally
been companions on their journey down, he had heard
how anxious Lord Ebrington was to have been there, and
to support the prayer of the petitioner!. ,
The Hon. and Rev. J. FouTiscus: rose to state teat
Lord Ebringten would feel honoured in the charge of
presenting the petition to the Commons, but that the Esti
his father from indisposition would require to depute some
other Peer to do the like deity in the Upper Mouse. He
concluded by moving a vote of thanks to the Sheriff
which being seconded by Colonel Pell, was carried by ac-
clamation.

The speakers generePy were much cheered, and the
meeting broke up with a feeling of much pleasure, derived
from the admirable conduct and genuine good feeling
which characterized the proceedings of the day.
Having finished the report of the meeting, we ananot
close without remarking what roust have presented itaeli
to every person at the meeting, and to every reader of the
report, on the feeling 'of this county, on the change in the
administration. The derision at - the, declaration of " The
Noble Duke" against reform, 'whirls the lion. Newton
Fellows quoted to the meeting, end the applause when,
confidence in the present adminlatration was expreesed,
chewed the opinion of the meeting, end will, in no small
degree, give emit& nce to the government. Let the Bo-
rough-mongers, if they will, unite in defence of their
vested interests".-the people too are united, and will
not allow the government to be successfully opposed in
their endeavours to benefit the nation. The time of re-
formation is come—let the corrupters of our Constitution
beware ! We could not but be delighted, when we beard
the loud acclamation which resounded throughout the
Hall, on Mr. Fellowes declaring his conviction that the
ballot was the only efficient means of preventing corrnp-
tiers at elections. Though no specific remedial measure
was suggested in the petition, that was from a respect to
the Parliament to whom the petition was to be presented.
Had any specific remedy been suggested, there can be no
question that the men of Devon would Lave introduced
into the petition a declaration of their conviction that the
ballot mint be introduced. This is quite a new question,
and already it Lis the assent of the county. Such effect of
the diffusion of intelligence, we were scarcely prepared to
have witiressed—it alrewr that " the Devon which we
love" is indeed a glory to England, anti that in intellect
she is no less superior in rank thin in beauty of scenery
and fertility of soil. " EVen now the Berough. mongering
system is st its height-4 Noble Lord has purchased
Borough, nese London, of en Hon. Baronet, at the enor-
mous sum of 160,0001,

REPEAL OF THE UNION-REFORM.

(From t) e Mooting Chronicle.)

O.tr opinions on the question of the Repeal of the
Irish Union have been recently and sufficiently a-
-1
pressed ; but the subject is again culled to our notice,
and in alliance with that of Parliamentary Reform,
by the circumstance and details of a singular corn-
munication between the advocates of the Irish Union
Repeal and the " Council" of the " Birmingham Po-
liticul Union." It appears that Mr. Clarke, of Wa-
terford, attended a recent meeting of that august
body, and represented to the " Council" the motives
of the people of Ireland for seeking a repeal of the
Act of Union of the United kingdom; requesting
their advice and co-operation. Mr, Clarke it state-
ment was referred to a Committee, whose 'Report
was subsequently discussed and debated in the Coun-
cil. They unanimously resolved againte the expe-
diency of a Repeal, and passed five Resolutions, in
euhatance attributing all the evils and distress suffered
by the Irish people to a corrupt Muse of Commons,
and prescribing as the sole remedy a Mann in the
Rept esentative system. We may hope that the avo-
cations of these formidable Associations may be early
terminated by the application of the grand panaN“.
The Council nit imiftely agreed on a " Proclamation"
to the Irish people, which, from the curiosity of the
document, and the raw material of common same
displayed in its argument, is well worthy the perusal
of our readers

" ADDRESS„

" 01' MB 11111111NaltANI POLITICAL UNIONTO TUX FICOPLX
