DISTRICTS.

I. North Britain.
Northurcherland, with the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne,
, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Durham.
‘). Yorkshire, with the City or York, and Town .of Kingston-
upon- llull.
4. Lancashire, Cheshire with the City of Chester. Derbyshire,
Staffordshire, with the City of Litchfield, and the Whole of
Tamworth.
*J. Lincolnshire, with the City of Lincoln, Nottinghamshire,
with the Town of Nottingham, Leicestershire, Rutland-
shire. •
Northamptonshire, except Wansford Inn, Warwickshire,
• with the City of Coventry, excepting Tamworth, Oxford-
shire-
7. Worcestershire, and City of Worcester, Gloucestershire, with
the City of Gloucester, except the City of Bristol, Wilt-
shire.
8. Norfolk, with the City of Norwich. Suffolk, Essex, Cam-
., bridgesbire.
• Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire, Huntingdon-
shire, with Wansford Inn.
O. Surrey.
11. Middlesex, with the Cities of London and Westminster, and
the Town of Barnet.
' • Kent, with the City of Canterbury, and the Cinque Ports,
• Sussex.
i? Hampshire, with Southampton, Berkshire.
"*. Cornwall, Devonshire, with City of Exeter, Dorsetshire, with
15 the Town of Poole, Somersetshire, with the City of Bristol.
North Wales, and Shropshire.
'6. South Wales, with Herefordshire and Monmouthire.
The Person declared to be the Farmer in any District, will be
required to pay down immediately, in Bank Notes, seven and a half
Per Cent. upon the Rent of such District as a Deposit.
Th e Farmer of each District will be required to give Bond, with
Three or- more Sureties, to be approved of by the Commissioners
thep and Taxes, in the penty of half the Rent, for securing
Payment of the Rent, and the performance of the Contract.
All Persons intending to bid for any of the said Duties, are to
notify their intention in Writing, addressed to the Commissioners
4t the Stamp and Tax-office, Somerset-place, at least Three Days
Preciouslle to the said Eleventh Day of December next, signed with
ir Names, stating the Places of their Abode, and specifying the
District or Districts for which they intend to bid.
And no Persons Licensed to Let Horses for Hire, nor any one for
their use, can be admitted to Contract for any of the said Duties.
By Order of the Commissioners,
CHARLES PRESSLY, Secretary.

REAL BEAVER HATS, 21s.—These hats
,combine every recent improvement in quality, colour, shape,
'41(1 lightness ; and are in reality the very best hats that can
13°3sibly be manufactured in London. To be had only of the Pa-
tentees,

ROB. FRANKS and CO., 140, Regent-street,
62, Redcross-street, Barbican.

60, NEW'MAN-STREET, OXFORD-STREET.
4INERAL MARMORATUM FOR FIL-
LING DECAYED TEETH, and INCORTIODIBLE
ARTIFICIAL TEETH FITTED WITHOUT WIRES or
4ther LIGATURES.
x;AIONSIER LE DRAY and Co.. SURGEON-DENTISTS,
',"O. 60, NEWMAN-STEET, OXFORD-STREET, continue
.4 RESTORE DECAYED TEETH with their Celebrated
the faculty
MARMORATUM, so universally recommended by
Faculty of England, France, and throng's out thc, Continent. It
t.„'s up the cavity, however large or small, WITHOUT THE
e•A ST PAIN, HEAT, or PRESSURE ; it is placed there in
almost liquid state, and in a few seconds HARDENS INTO
ENAMEL,; forming a WHOLE TOOTH out of a STUMP, ar-
sting all further progress of decay, allaying in one minute the
most excruciating pain, and renderinc, the OPERATION OF
LXTRACTION UNNECESSARY. They also FASTEN
frIDOSE TEETH, particularly of aged persons, whether arising
„,Zrn neglect, the use of Calomel, disease of the Gums, or any
i"er cause; the whole or partial Sets of Teeth formed of the above
neorrodible Mineral.
ARTIFICIAL or NATURAL TEETH of SURPASSING
13.
month,
to match equal in colour and shape those left in the
-""11, FIXED FROM ONE TO A COMPLETE SET,
Zirtheut Extracting the Roots, or giving any pain, the incum-
,,nee of Wires or other Ligatures, on a principle yet unri-
Z.,,"ed, rendering it imossible to distinguish the Artificial Teeth
from the Natural ones; answering most satisfactorily all the
t ,ryoses of the original Teeth in MASTICATION AND ARTI-
v"u,LATION, IMPARTING TO THE COUNTENANCE A
tn„,,UNGER AND IMPROVED APPEARANCE, and re-
-01,74ing perfectly secure in their places ; they may also be taken
and replaced by the wearer with the greatest facility
Charges as in Paris.
At Home from Ten till Six.
N.B.—No. 60, Newman-street, Oxford-street.

•
11'1 0 SPORTSMEN, TRAVELL'ERS, MER-
CHANTS, and CAPTAINS of SHIPS.—THORN'S
t.noTTED YARMOUTH BLOATERS. Now in high perfec-
pir n• The increasing demand for this most delicious preparation
e:ves, beyond all doubt, it is far superior to any thing of the kind
a: yet offered to the public for Sandwiches, Toast, Biscuits, &c.,.
\v" as an excellent relish for Wine. In Pots, Is. and 2s. each.
!rranted in all climates.
In this preparation, the flavour of the Herring is preserved un-
tr-'apaired, if not improved; the prime parts of the fish are coneen-
b,,,ted in ,a
substance about the consistency of butter, and which
;re be used in the same way ; and, being put up in neat and port-
aarit pots, a treat may be enjoyed at any time, without the unplca-
smell and other inconveniences which attend the dressing and
partaking of herrings in the ordinary way."—Watchman.
Hor. ,
Ch ttN S TALLI-HO ! SAUCE, for Fish, Game, Steaks,
azps, Cutlets, made Dishes, and all general purposes, is the richest
most economical Sauce now in use, imparting a zest not other-
%atquired. In Bottles, 2s. and 4s. Warranted in all climates.
tan' we have tried (crede experto) Thorn's Tally He ! cents- a
Pronounce it exquisite. .We know nothing of the ingredt
a We leave to such as arc more curious in fish sauce' than we
ihreinib.llt we can speak to the richness of its flavour, which, to our
tirist'.l.l.lg, would create an appetite under the ribs of death."—Sa-
h 1
tain esale at the Warehouse, 223, Big]; Holborn; of all whole-.
Glcullrnen and'Druggists in London ; and retail by all respectable
en, Grocers, andrishmongcrs in the United Kingdom.
e„,:“J.TION.—TIte Proprietor, being aware of several spurious
ii"o"'ttllositions that are daily offered to the public under the name of
111(7,1 ~,,Noaters, begs them to observe his signature, ALEX.
"ill on the side of the pot, without which it cannot be genuine.

EASTERN COUNTIES RAILWAY.
Capital £1,500,000, in Shares of £25 each.
At a GENERAL MEETING of the Landed Propietors and
Inhabitants of IPSWICH and its vicinity, held on SATURDAY,
the 21st of November, 1835, at the White Horse Hotel, Ipswich,
and called by public advertisement, in pursuance of the Resolutions
of a Preparatory Meeting of Gentlemen, held at the same place on
the 10th of November preceding :
PRESENT—
Dykes Alexander, Esq. Rev. Dr. Etough
Andrew Arcedeckne, Esq. John Gosnell, Esq.
The Very Rec. Archdeaconßerners Edward Godfrey, Esq.
John Back, Esq. • Jeremiah Head, Esq.
C. \V. Brook, Esq. J. Josselyn, jun., Esq.
John Brook, Esq. G. Josselyn, Esq.
John Bond, Esq. Mr. James Ransom
Colonel Camac Mr. Robert Ransom
The Rev. George Capper John Read, Esq.
William Lane, Esq. William Rodwell, Esq.
Charles Lillingstone, Esq. A. H. Steward, Esq.
Rec. Thomas Mills F. W. Schreiber, Esq.
Sir. W. T. F. Middleton, Bart. A, Schreiber, Esq.
Charles Moor, Esq. Robert Newton Shawe, Esq.
John Orford, Esq. Jos. Birch Smyth, Esq.
Rev. J. Parsons Rev. Joseph Tweed
John Reed, Esq. Fred. White, Esq.
John Page Reed, Esq. Rev. E. Wade
Mr. G. Clabon Robert Woodward, Esq.
Rev. Dr. Chevallier Captain Wonnley, R.N.
F. W. Campbell, Esq. Rev. E. Woolnough
Mr. Dove Sze. &e.
ROBERT NEWTON SHAWE, Esq., in the Chair ;
It resolved unanimously-
1. On the motion of the Very Rev. Archdeacon BERNERS,
seconded by A. H. S'TEWARD, Esq.,
" That this Meeting cordially approve of the plan of forming a
Railway from London to Norwich and Yarmouth, by Romford,
Chelmsford, Colchester, and Ipswich, and consider it particularly
deserving the support of the agricultural and commercial interests
of the county of .Suffolk."
2. On the motion of Jones READ, Esq., seconded by W. Ron-
WELL, Esq.,
" That the Representatives of the county, and of the different
bironghs in the county, be requested to support the Bill, which it
is intended to apply for in-the- next Session of Parliament, for the
construction of the said Railway."' -
3. On the motion of EDWARD Goon-Lay, Esq., seconded by
Colonel CAMAC,
" That a Committee, consisting of the following gentlemen, be
now formed to promote the success of the undertaking, with power
to add to their number :
R. N. Shawe, Esq. Jeremiah Head, Esq.
The Very Rev. Archdeacon Rev. J. Parsons
Bcrners John Read, Esq.
John Back, Esq. W. Rodwell, Esq.
Colonel Camas Mr. James Ransom
Rev. G. Capper W. F. Schreiber, Esq.
Rev. Dr. Chevallier J. B. Smyth, Esq.
Rec. Dr. Etough . A. H. Steward, Esq. •
Edward Godfrey, Esq.
4. On the motion of the Rev. Dr. CHEAT/atm., seconded by W.
F. SCHREIBER, Esq.,
" That the Committee be open to all subscribers, and also to all
owners and occupiers of property along the line." •
(Signed) R. N. SHAWE.
Resolved unanimously, on the motion of Colonel CAMAC, seconded
by Joim READ, Esq.,
" That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Chairman for
his able and impartial conduct in the Chair."
Applications for shares to be made (if by letter, post paid) to the
Secretary ; to any of the bankers ; to John Chevallier Cobbold,
Esq., Ipswich; or to any, of the other solicitors to the Company.
J. C. ROBERTSON, Sec.
Eastern Counties Railway Office, 18, Austinfriars, London.

TOAMILIES FURNISHING will do well to visit
RIPPON'S OLD-ESTABLISHED FURNISHING
IRONMONGERY WAREHOUSE, WELLS-STREET, OX-
FORD-STREET, where good and substantial Articles only are
Sold, at Prices below any other Wholesale House whatever, as tho
following short List will prove.
EVERY ARTICLE IS WARRANTED GOOD.
Sent home to any part of London, free of expense, and exchanged
if not approved of.
For Cash when selected, or on Delivery.
GOTHIC-SHAPE PAPER TEA-TRAYS, (THE SET OF
THREE) 60s.
s. d
Solid Brass Candlesticks, per

- -
pair.
Brass Chamber Candlestick ,

each 0 4
landsomc Brass Fencicrs, each 8 0
green lronFenders,hrass tops, . _

•
each 1 6
FJshionable Iron Fenders,

Black
Ditto, ditto, Brouzz l2 0
Strong Fire Irons, per set 2 0
Polishod Steel ditto, ditto 4
Six block-tin Dish Covers, the
set 6 6
Brass Tongs, Poker and Shovel,
the set 5 l
Japanned Bottle Jack, war
ranted
Brass ditto ditto
Ditto Curtain Bands, per pair 2 0
Ditto Cornice or Curtain
Poles, per foot 1 6
Ditto Stair hods, per dozen 3 0
Ditto linger plates for doors,
each 0 10i
Cooper Warming Pan
0 (
[Gallon Copper Tea Kettle 7Ol
3 Quart ditto, ditto
Strong Copper Coal Scoop 9 6
Britannia Metal Tea Pots,
each 1 3
Ditto Candlesticks, per pair 3 0
Ditto Tea Spoons, the halt
dozen 0 5
Ditto Table Spoons, ditto 1 3
Ditto Soup Ladles, each 1 0
Japanned Chamber Candle-
stick, with Snuffers and Ex-
tinguisher 0 0
Bellows, per pair 0 11
The full set of Ivory handled
oval-rimmed Table Knives
and Forks, consisting of
twelve Table Knives and
twelve Forks, twelve Des.
sert Knives and twelve

Forks, and one Carver and
Fork, 50 pieces 4O
1 he same quantity, with Ba-
lance Handles 50
Every description of Furnishii
Copper Articles Tinned and Rep

s. d.

Six warranted Steel Table
KniV6s and six Forks 2 6
White none Handled Knives
and Forks, per dozen of each 6 0
Plated Candlesticks, with Sil-
ver Mountings, per pair V 6
British Plate or Albata T,:ble
Spoons and Forks, full sized
fiddle handles, per dozen
Ditto Dessert diao and ditto
and ditto, per dozen 2U 0
Ditty' Tea Spoons, large size,
per dozen
Tea Urns, to hold six quarts 27 0
Snuffers and tray 0 6
.Tapanned Tea Tray, 18 inches 1 0
Japanned Waiter 0 2
Japanned Bead Tray 0 4
Japanned Spittoons, each 1 0
Strong Iron Coal Scoop 1 0
Ditto Fire Baskets, or portable
Stoves, each
Ditto Fryingpans, each 0 6
,Vint Tin Saucepan and cover 0 4
;Quart ditto and ditto 0 5
3 pint ditto and ditto
'2 quart ditto and ditto 0 8
3 quart ditto and ditto 0 10
4 quart ditto and ditto I 2
6 quart ditto and ditto 1 4
8 quart ditto and ditto 1 6
19 quart ditto and ditto I S
10quart ditto and ditto 2 0
i 3 gallon Oval Kettle and cover 2 3
1 4 gallon ditto and ditto
) 5 gallon ditto and ditto
3 pint Tea Kettle and cover I 2
2 quart ditto and ditto 1 g
t 3 quart ditto and ditto 1 4
I 4 quart ditto and ditto 1 6
1 pint IRON Saucepan and
cover ' 1 0
Pint and a half ditto and ditto 1 2
1 quart ditto and ditto I 4
3 pint ditto and ditto
2 quart ditto and ditto
3 quart ditto and ditto 2 6
4 quart ditto and ditto 2 9
6 quart ditto and ditto 3 6
. .... . ..

8 quart ditto and ditto 4 0
ig Ironmongery equally cheap.
Bred, one-hal the usual charge.

30, STRAND.

A R ODY on the " BARCAROLLE" in
Masaniello.
Oh ! Warren ! bright es breaks the morning,
Thy Liquid Jet bedecks the form ,
No toil required, all labour scorning,
We smile at damp and brave the storm.
Walk on, walk on, each friend we'll show ;
Take heed, take heed, where 'tis you go ;
Look out for 30, Strand, with care, •
For others seek you to ensnare.
Warren's praise we'll sing in chorus,
Still boldly may he stem the wave;
Long may his Jet still shine before us,
A beacon light our toil to save.
Walk on, walk on, each friend we'll show ;
Take heed, take heed, where 'tis you go ;
Look out for 30, Strand, with care,
For others seek 'you to ensnare.
This Easy. shining and Brilliant Blacking, prepared by ROBERT
WARREN, 30, Strand, London; and Sold in every Town in the
Kingdom.
Liquid, in Bottles, and Paste Blacking in Pots, at 6d.-12d.,
aad 184.1. each.
la— Be particular to inquire for Warren's, 30, Strand : All
others are counterfeit.

A NEW EDITION, WITH IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL
REMARKS AND CASES.
Just published, the 19th Edition, price 4s.
A N HISTORICAL "and PRACTICAL
TREATISE on SYPHILIS, its Consequences, on Stric-
tures, Eruptions, Nodes, and Nocturnal Pains, so frequently mis-
taken for Rheumatism. These subjects are illustrated by a variety
of highly interesting cases, together with the miseries of a secret
vice, so long and so unhappily pursued by the youth of both sexes.
In the one it will be found an unfailing source of barrenness, in
the other have its ravages fatally developed by a distressing state
of debility which, if not timely remedied, terminates in impotency
these are its remote and ultimate effects ; whilst Consumption,
Loss of Muscular Power, and various other complaints, usually
characterise the earlier stages of these distressing diseases, for the
Cure of which the Author has laid down a plan of treatment which,
during' his experience of upwards of thirty-five years' extensive
practice, has invariably proved suecesiful; with concluding remarks
on the evils resulting from attempts at self cure.
Principiis obsta : scro medieina paratur.
By C. B. COURTENAY, M.D., 42,.Great Marlborough-street.
Printed for the Author, and sold by Simpkin and Marshall, Sta-
tioners'-eourt ; Onwhyn, Catherine-street, Strand ; W. Marsh,
145, Oxford-street ; I. Chappell, 98, Royal Exchange_; Hays,
2,48, Regent-street; W. Strange, Paternoster-row ; M'Phun,
Trongate, Glasgow; Messrs. Sutherland, Calton-street, Ellin
burgh ; and by all BoOksellers in town and country.
44 Amongst the numerous medical and surgical works of the day,
we consider that written by 1)r. Courtenay'on Syphilis and other
frequently fatal complaints, to be worthy of the highest encomiums,
and justly deserving the serious attention of all those persons who
may unfortunately happen to be afflicted with the maladiei which
form the subject of this very interesting publication. The lumi-
nous views taken of these diseases, together with tho important
warnings against excesses, entitle this work to great praise ; and
we may add, as a further recommendation, that it is written with
much delicacy and morality."—lnspector and Literary Review.

-0 LAIR'S GOUT and RHEUMATIC PILLS•
kffi--The decided superiority of this medicine over every other
hitherto offered to public notice, for the cure of those dreadfully
painful diseases, Gout, Rheumatic Gout, Rheumatism, Lumbago,
&c., is so fully manifested by a rapidly increasing sale, and the testi-
mony of thousands in every rank of life, that these who are aware
of the existence of such a'remedy, and have not availed themselves
of trying its efficacy, cannot truly be objects of sympathy. The
testimonials of the astonishing effects of this medicine are univer-
sally accompanied by the fact, that no inconvenience
of any sort
after's its administration, but that the patient, without feeling the
operation of the medicine, is universally left in a stronger and better
state of health than experienced previous to being afflicted with this
disease-. and in all cases of acute suffering, great relief is expe-
rienced in a few hours, and a cure is generally effected in two or
three days.
This i;aluable discovery is sold by Thomas Prout, '229, Strand,
London ; and by his appointment, by all 111z1icine Venders in the
Kingdom.
Price 2s. 9d. per box.—Ask for Blair's Gout and Rheumatic
Pills, and see that the signature of " Thomas Prout" is on the
outside of the wrapper.

ROYAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY.

The first .meeting of this Society was held at its rooms in
Regent-street yesterday evening, Sir JOHN BARROW, Pre-
sident, in the Chair. Great interest was excited on account
of its being known amongst the members that Captain Back
would be present, and that a paper•would be read from him
containing an account of his late expedition, undertaken in
Search of Captain Ross. The large room in which the meet-
ings are held was crowded to excess, and at least 400 gen-
tlemen were present. '
Captain MACONOCHIE, the Secretary, read the minutes
of the last meeting, including a paper from Dr. Hancock
on the changes which have taken place in the climate,
tides, &c. in Guiana during the last twenty years. He also
announced that a great variety of donations had been re-
ceived during the recess, consisting, of presents of books
from the Geological and Royal Asiatic Societies. Depot de
la Marine de France, Astronomical Society, Sir James Bar-
row, Mi. BrockedOn, Lieutenant Holman, Sce. The Rev.
J. P. Lee, one of the Masters at Rugby School, was elected
a Fellow-; and, at the recommendation of the Council, the
Swedish Consul at Florence was admitted a Corresponding
Member of the Society.
Captain MACONOCHIE, previous to reading the paper of
Captain Back, gave a cursory description of the objects
and course which that gentleman had undertaken in his
journey, the direction of which was pointed out on a map
of a large 'size, drawn out for the purpose. It appeared
that the extent of his journey had been 1,200 miles up
the Slave Lake and Mackenzie River, and that he had
discovered upwards of 90 falls during his course ; the
banks in some places • being of a native red granite, and
others of a slate-coloured grey stone, of 50 and 60 feet
perpendicular height. The paper minutely described the
appearance of the land on the sides of the river, and the
abundance of tributary streams falling into
.it. He also
discovered a cataract 1,000 feet high, of from 150 to 200
feet wide, at the mouth of the Slave Lake, in which were
many small pointed islands forming groups. About 400
miles from this, four islands were visible, and the lake was
joined by another large stream. The shores of the lake,
citber from the crushing of the ice, or the rolling of the
bolders, produced a coast of pudding-stone to a consider-
able distance. In a contracted part of- the channel, the
water was said by the Esquimaux never to freeze, which

Swiety's.second concert took place last night in the
Hancv3r-square rooms. The performances afford no room
for particular remark. As usual, they displayed consider-
able talent on the part of the young composers ; but the
pieces were by no means of a quality sufficient to furnish a
whole evening's entertainment. To write a great symphony
is an undertaking which has been successfuly achieved by
a very few only of the most illustrious masters. It must
be the production of the highest genius, matured by severe
study and long experience. Young composers should write
symphonies in abundance as exercises, hut should be very
slow to bring them before the public. We wish well to this
Society, and think it may be turned to good account. , Its
object—that of bringing 'before the public the compositions
'of its members—is quite a legitimate one ; but it would be
answered more effectually by ming,lin;, those compositions
with the classical works of the great masters. During last
evening our cars thirsted for a few sounds of Mozart or
Beethoven. Had we been refreshed with them we should
have listened with greater complacency to the music we
were entertained with. We were much pleased with the
piano-forte playing of young Litolff, a favourite pupil of
Moschellcs. His strength of hand, smoothness and even-
ness of tone, and clearnsss of articulation, would have
been well employed on a concerto of Mozart, Hummel, or
his master, but were thrown away ou a crude composition
of his own. It is a very common, but a great mistake in
instrumental performers, to think that, as soon as they
have acquired a command of their instrument, the power
of composition comes as a matter of course, and hence
many an excellent performer, who might delight his audi-
ence by playing good music,' wearies them to death by in-
sisting on playing his own music. M. Litolff appears to
have some talent for composition. Let him cultivate it as-
siduously ; but let him not produce the fruits of his labours
before they are ripe—an advice which, in all friendship and
good will, we would tender to other members of this So-
ciety, whose long and laboured compositions form too large
a portion of its concerts.

- -
THE MARKETS-(THIS DAY.)

HAY MARKETS.—(At per Load of 3t Trussir.)
CUMISERLAND.

Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay Xil 15 to .E 3 5
Neva Meadow Hay 0 0 0 0
Useful Old I)it.to
pine upland Meadow and Rye.grass Hay
Clover Flay 4 5 5 10
Oat Sttaw-- ...... kl Bto .E 1 10 1 Wheat Straw
SMITH:FIELD.
Coarse heavy Lowland Meadow Hay .C2 13 to .C 3 5
Nvw Meadow Hay 0 0 o 0
Useful Old Ditto 3 10 :3 13

Fine Upland I%leatiow and Nye grass Hay
Clover Day (extra line £5 K. Generally 4 5 5 5
Oat Straw 4:1 6to 10 I Wheat Straw IIJ 1 In

enar:c l'acadowiTay
NewlMe:,,low Hay
UsoAlt Old 'Att.,

11UNG:.:1tFO1 D.

. 11) t.l .00 0
00 0 0
.... 3 5 n

Eiuc land ne:elow an' itye.gra,:s Hay
Clover Hay
the. Straw £1 4to.f 1 (1 ( Wheat Straw

PRICE 01.
The highest price or Bread in the
There are others who sell from a I
that refs.

BREAD.

Aletropols it 7.1. for the 41b. Loaf.
ialf.penny to three half-pence below

THE BIUSSOS wan 400 MEN.
" Isaac Parker has just arrived from Texas, bringing the
intelligence that General Cos has landed near the mouth of
the Brasses with 400 men, with the intention of joining the
700 federal troops stationed at San Antonio de _flexor, and
marching upon the people of Texas. He has issued his Pro-
clamation, declaring that he will collect the revenue, disarm
the citizens, establish a military Government, and confiscate
the property of the rebellious.' Messrs. Johnson and Baker
bore the express from San Felipe to Nacogdoches. Stephen
S. Austin has written to several-citizens of Nacogdoches, that
a resort to arms is inevitable.
"They have hOisv7d a flag with the Constitution of 1824'
inscribed on it, and 200 freemen gathered around it, deter-
mined to stand or fall with it.
We subjoin the following letter
,from General Houston to
the gentlemen who brought the intell•genec.
San Agostino, Texas, Oct. 5, 1835.

DEMI SIR,—At your request I hand you a memorandum,
that you may be informed of cur situation. War in defence of
our Rights, our Oaths, and our Constitutions is inevitable in

Texas.
Volunteers from the United States would join their
brethren in this section, they will receive -liberal bounties of
land. We have millions of acres of our best lands unchesen
and unappropriated.
Let each man come with a good rifle and one hundred
rounds of ammunition, and come soon. _ .

...... , _
Our war-cry is " Liberty or death !" Our principles are to
(port the Constitution, and down with the Usurper !—Your
,nd, . SAM. lIOUSTON.
To Isaac Parker, Esq., present.'

" We bare no time to make comments. The people of the
United States will respond to the call of their brethren in

'rex afi,

" Those gentlemen friendly to the rights of free and Re-
publican Governments are requested to meet at the Red River
EN.ehange, on this evening, at half-past seven o'clock, to take
into consideration the situation of their fellow-countrymen in
Teas.

" Nacogdoches, Oet. 7, 1835."
(From the ./17cm, Orleans True American of the 12th.)
TEXAS.
By the politeness of our friend Crptain Ramarre, we have.
been put in possession of the intelligence to be found in
our paper to-day from Texas. As we anticipated—the
first hostile movement, however insignificant, on the part of
the Mexicans, has been the signal of war. It appears:that
General Cos has landed troops, arms, and ammunition at Co-
peno, with a view of forcing the Tc'xonians to submission.
The effect of this rAovement has been electric—all Texas
is up and in arms, and peace is no mere ta:lked -of. A ge-
neral rendezvous has been fixed upon, and every man is
preparing for battle. Before the Convention' assembles it
is probable that blood will have been shed, and .that that
Lodv trill declare the independence of Texas, and assume
authority until that independence is achieved.
It seems that. Cos has had the impudence, in the name
of Santa Ana, to demand the delivery to him of several
distinguished citizens of Texas.

" TO TILE PEOPLE OP TOE JURISDICTION OF COLUMBIA.
War is our only resource; war is upon us ;" so says the
Committee of Austin; "and the fact is established beyond a
doubt. Heretofore a difference of opinion has unfortunately
existed among us; now the evidence is so convincing, that an
honest difference of opinion can no longer exist. Your Com-
mittee, therefore, have no hesitancy in declaring, that he who
says there is no just =Se to apprehend danger, and recom-
mends a supine course, is a traitor, and as such should be
punished. Fellow Citizens 1 let not a difference cause or
continue an estrangement. \Ve have a common cause, a
common interest, and a common foe, and we should be united.
General Cos bee just landed at Copeno with 400 soldiers and
munitions of war. His object is to unite with the forces at
San. Antonio, and _our policy is to intercept him before the
union takes place ; by so doing:we will fall upon the enemy
divided, and if we capture the forces of Cos we will gain arms
and munitions of war, and the news of Cos's defeat will be
the signal for the surrender of San Antonio into our hands ;
in addition to this it is better that we should carry the war into
the enemy's country, for then we shall be enabled to gather
the present ems), and our slaves will be less likely to become
refractory. Again, the military, the tools of the despot,
have lately made a treaty with the Camanches and other tribes
of savages, 'and have engaged them to fight against us; and
should we defeat Cos, before they take the field, they will most
assuredly desert their fallen allies. All these reasons calling
upon us so loudly, uryiny us so stew/As—let us take the field.
'We call upon you in the name of your country, in the name s
of your wives and children, in the name of every thing that i
dear to you, in the name of liberty itself, for an immediate, a
general turn out.
" Whilst Cos is disembarking his troops, whilst he is sending
for teams to transport his munitions of war, we will have time
to take our station on the road between him and San Antonio,
in which event victory %rill be certain. All Texas has been
informed of war, and many of her citizens are now marching to
the principal place of rendezvous, (Jas. Kerr's, on the La-
been). A large company have engaged to leave Brazoria on
the 29th inst., at which time and place every patriot should
present himself ready for action.
" Fellow Citizens, we have now an opportunity of opening
the war with a glorious triumph, which in its ultimate conse-
quences will prove thnsalvation of Texas.
" By defeating of Cos, Santa Antonio- will fall as a matter
of course, and then there will not be a formidable division of
the Despot's troops within a thousand miles of Texas ; months
will pass, ere they can get here ; before which period you
will be armed, prepared, and disciplined for war ; and in a
situation to defy any force, which the Despot can send
against you.
" Fellow Citizens, be not mistaken in regard to the cause
which you have espoused, or the fees to ivlina you4sro
.osaa
posed.
•calim in ppo
four eano'leis3aitirn toodone—none can be better—it is
epubil
ae,spotisin ; in a word, it is
liberty in opposition to slavery. You will be fighting for your
ll
wives and children, your homes and fireidess-for your coun-
try, for liberty. Look back stprei the hardships, the fatigues,
the privations and dangers, which you have suffered in settling
and reclaiming the wilderness of texas, mid say whether you
are willing to forego nil the benefits and blessings of civiliza-
Von, and again plunge into another wilderness to encounter
tie ame difficulties; consider your present condition and the
bright prospect before you, and say are you prepared to yield
all the advantages which they offer, to the hireling slaves of a
despot. Behold your wive' arid daughters---are yen prepared
to deliver them up to the rude embraces of a brutal soldiery ?
If not, arise at once and ertali your foes before they cencael-
trate and fortify within your herder.
" Your foes, the foes ()filberts'. are composed cf the elerey
cud military (unhallowed association !) heeded by a military
chieftain, a man whose ciao acter, during a long and eventful
career, has been marked by every act that characterises an nm-
bitious chief, who to elevate himself would destroy the liber-
ties of his country. Such are on rfoes and such their leader.
More than one half of Mexico is on your side ; one of her
most distinguished sons, Zabala, sought an asylum in Texas,
and will be found. in the racks with you; several ,eithers, to-
gether with the Vice-President, have been 4irt:4o4 op sheir
way to Texas. The despot dare not come k 4 a
large force to Texas, for fear the RepublicinsWill Against
him in the interior. Thus you perceive cur :situatied Will be
• .

Jrig:t.

100,
