LEEDS ELECTION.

Thursday last, being the d ty appointed by the returning
Officer (Benjamin Sadler, Esq.), for the nomination of a
Burgess to be returned to Parliament, in the room of J.
B. Macaulay, E-q., who had accepted the Chil!e:n Hun-
dred., Leeds has been during the week in a state of excite
ment and anxiety hardly ever before, if ever, experienced.
S:r John Beckett, Bart, the son-in-law of Lord Lqasdale,
and eldest son of the late Sir John Beckett, Bart., of
Leeds, banker, being brought forward on the Tory interest,
Mr. Baines, the conductor of the Leeds Mercury, on the
Whig interest, and Mr. Joshua Brown on the interest of
the Radicals.

The day-was exceedingly propitious; so fine a day had
hardly been through the whole winter. The Mayor bad
appointed the nomination to take place upon Woodhouse
Moor, where hustings bad been erected cal:ulated to
hold about 300 persons. About a quarter before ten, A.M..
the Returning Officer, accompanied by hie deputies,
reached the ground, having been preceded by Mr. Baines
and his friends about h.,lf an hour, by a previous arrange-
ment. The time having been cilled, the oath to the Re
turning Officer having been administered, and the Bribery
Act read, the MAYOR spoke as follows :
Gentlemen—ln consequence of a precept which I have
rec.-ived from the Sheriff, requiring of me to appoint a
day 'for the purpose of electing a burgess to serve this
borough in Parliament, in the room of J. B. Macaulay,
Esq., who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds, I have,
by a proclamation which you have all seen, appointed
this day for the purpose. As I consider it will be out of
my duty to 134 more at present, I shall order the precept
to be read to you.

Tile precept and the Bribery Act having been read, he
continued—

Gentlemen, I am now prepared to hear every person,
being a voter, who wishes to propose a candidate for your
acceptance. —(Cheers from the Blues.)
Mr. JOHN GOTT then rose, but, limn the distance, only
a few Fe u ten ces could be distinctly heard. He said, I have
the pleasure to present to your notice the Right Hon.
Sir John Beckett.—(Cheers.) You know him well—
you know his family—the respected family of which he is
the head.—(Cheers.) I have net to inform you how, for
a century neatly, his family have been diffusing good around
them, and in every shape and way improving the public
interests. Sir John has undeviatingly pursued the same
line of conduct down to the present day.—(Cheers.)
Gentlemen, are these considerations to have no weight ?
They have a right to have weight, and they will have
se eight. The Right Hon. Baronet is now before you ;
his earliest recollections are here; his attentions are here,
and here they will remain. Look at Sir John in his
public life ; if at the University, what did he do there ?
He took An honourable degree —(A laugh.) That was
a high honour. He gained the respect of most men,
and what was more, men of very distinguished character,
who called him to the important situation of Secretary
of State.—(Confusion.) Many other persons having to
address you, you will not expect me to say much more,
and therefore I conclude by proposing Sir John Beckett as
a fit and proper person to represent you in the Commons'
House of Parliament.

Mr. ATKINSON, of the firm of Hewes and Atkinson,
then came forward, and in an animated but short address,
seconded the nomination of Sir John Beckett.

The MAYOR—If any other person has any one to pro-
pose I shall be most happy to hear him.
Mr. JAMES AJARSHALL then presented himself, and
said—Gentlemen, I have great pleasure in fulfilling a duty
which I have been selected to perform. I need not now
enter into a disquisition on the character of Mr. Baines,
nor the important part which has been allotted him for
the last thirty years,—a man to whom we owe so much,
for the achievement of the signal triumphs we have gained
during tbat period in the cause of ,civil and religious liberty
and ecnnAmic government. It May be said that by the
extension-of-the franchise we have been admitted to a fair
Ishare in Abu management from which we were before Un-
justly excluded. NVe have now the power to obtain good
government if we do our duty. We have now the oppor-
tunity to strengthen our position, if we steadily persevere.
—(Confusion : " Silence !" by the Mayor.) It is
our interest to represent these opinions, and we have
now to decide which of our candidates we ought
to send to Parliament. If we judge by former experience
we cannot hesitate to select a man who has lately thane so
much fur the cat's of the people as Mr. Barnes, and it is
a duty we 0%% e to outselv, a as well as to our country to
give him both our votes and our support. I beg therefore
to propose Mr. Baines as a fit and prop •r person to repre-
sent us in the Commor.s' House of Parliament.

Mr. JOHN CLAPHAM rose to second the proposition.
He said—Gentlemen, I congratulate you that you are
again wet to exercise the high privilege of electing a Mem-
ber for the Commons' House of Parliament.—(Uproar from
' the Blues.) Whilst I congratulate you on the enjoyment
of this distinguished privilege, I call on you to remember
that that privilege is united with the exeteise of a weighty
and an important duty. Recollect, this privilege was not
obtained for you without a mighty effort ; and, gentlemen,
it was by your efforts that we obtained it, for to them I
attribute our success over that borouglimongering faction
—(Loud cheers)—which had so long triumphed over the
rights, and which would have trampled on the privileges,
of the people of England, over that faction—which would
have ground down all those who did not agree with them
in political and religious opinions—that faction which
would exclude you from a fair share in their civil and
political rights, because you did not happen just to think
as they do. But I always considered, and so have you
too, that the Reform Bill was no more than a means to
the attainment of our end; arid, Gentlemen, it you wish
to see the end of the Reform Bill attained, you must act
a part whit'► becomes you as the free and independent
electors of Leed'. Now, Gentlemen, who do you think
the likeliest man to send to see out the working of the
Reform B II? shall we send the man who has done all that
laid in his power• to prevent us having the, franchise ?
. (Cries of "No, no.") I can never believe tiny fellow
townsmen will be so misled.—(Cries of "Never, never.")
Nor that they will be driven by the command of my Lord
Duke—(" No, no")—nor by virtuous Marchionesses ?
No, and to come neater home, not even by the great
Corporation of Leeds itself. Gentlemen, the last, and
I mean no disrespect to the persons themselves, have,
as a body, beau constantly opposed to your liberty on
every opportunity. They have done all they could
and that has been precious little ! They did all they
could ter 'prevent us getting reloim. The Right Hon.
Baronet was in London, and no doubt there were com-
munications sent up, about the danger which would accrue.
They did all they could to prevent us being successful,
and now they are trying if they cannot get it into their
own hands again. There is no effort spared to make the
Borough of Leeds a Corporation borough, and now the
COI poration of Leeds bring forward the Conservative, the
nominee of the Lowthers, who was rejected at Basse,law,
and whose next step might be en the liber ies of the
people, a man who a few days ago could not recollect how
he voted !—(Cheers.) The Tories are now playing the
trump card. They are now playinq for their last stake.
They have been strutting in a little bt ief authority :
Magistrates canvassing publicans and beer shops.—
(Shame.) Yes, we are here with a character for consis-
tency. We are here to meet our enemies face to face, and
I can tell you what else we are here for, with your hi Ip—
to give them a complete drubbing. Don't be afraid of that
diaphy, they are like ci,aff before the wind. What if
they had 10,000 bands of music, yours is the music fur
my heart, the expression of your approbation.—(Cheers.)
I hope you will learn to•day a lesson you will never forget.
Now 1 hope you will take my advice about the working
of the Reform Bill. You tiny depend upon it if you
elect Sir John, he will eo all in his power to prevent it
doing what it may. He'd let the steam go down. You
see things are going on too rapidly for him, but too
slow for us. Instead of having reform in ti e
Government speedily accomplished, if you send Sir John,
it will be done by pie day, and not by ti►e piece.
When the Commission makes its report respecting close
corporations, he will get them to touch it as gently as
possible. Gentlemen, you all know Mr. Baines ; I have
known him thirty years, and in the consistency of his prin-
ciples his enemies cannot find a flaw. The worst wish I
have for opr opponents is, that they may stand as fair as we
do. And now I must conclude by requesting you will be
de ermined to do your duty. Never mind the means
which they adopt , let your votes be given for an inde•
pendent man, and let tite consequence be your sending to

Parliament that man who will do your work in the most
' effectual manner.—(Cheers.) Gentlemen, 13! determined
and steadfast—up and be doing l—and you will discomfit
our opponents at the very o ►t,ct. I beg to
-second the
nomination of Mr. Baines.
The MaYou—lf any gee-l- :nail has any other candidate
to propose, I shall be glad to hear him.--( Cheers from
the Blues for Mr. Bower.)
Mr. Bower was then proposed by Mr. Joi; HEAPS,
and seconded by Mr. BAYLEY.
These bAng all the candid it, s Sir JOHN BECKETT wa-
then called upon, on which he rose and said,—Gentlemen-
-permit me to say, as I am entitled to do, Fellow-towns.
men—of the borough of Leeds, I h .ve the honour to be
thought a proper person to represent the interests of th..
town of Leeds in the House of Commons ; permit
me to add, by whom have I been nominated, since
that nomination has been seconded, not by strangers
come here fir the sake of oratorical power and display, but
by individuals whom you know, because they live and are
with you always in the town of Leeds. Gentlemen, I
should not on this occasion be doing justice to any of Owe
who have spoken so flatteringly of me if I did not declare
that no men stand higher in the estimation of their fel-
low-townsmen, in character more pure and unsullied, nor
more distinguished for their integrity, than they.—(Cheers. )
Gentlemen, in the course of their address they did me the
honour to advert to the time when I was a resident in
this town. They had the kindness to state whit they did
of my pretensions to the appointment I seek. It is true
th it my ancestors had set the bright example of loyalty to
their King, affection to the constitution. and regard for
the interests of Leeds. Gentlemen, it is not becoming for
me to speak of myself, but I assure you I have not di-
verged this way or that. I tread in their footsteps, and
am willing to render you any service in my power.__
(Cheers.) I speak not as the nominee of any man : I
wish to be the nominee of the constituency of Leeds.
Gentlemen, my friends who are here around me have had
an opportunity of ascertaining what are my opinions on
certain points now before the country. They have also
ascertained from me what my views are in reference to
this town. They think lam not incompetent, and there-
fore they recommend me to your notice ; and I know the
intelligence of the people so well that I need not
explain why I have been induced to seek the high
honour of your representatiou.—(Hear.) I have devoted
myself to ascertain -what was the state of the manufactur-
ing interests of this town and neighbourhood. For that
purpose you know how I have employed myself for the
last fortnight.—(Cheers and laughter.) I have taken the
opportunity of stating where 1 have been, my opinions,
and I have consulted others. It is my constant pride to pro-
mote the prosperity of the merchant, the manufacturer,
and the industrious classes of Leeds.—(Cheers.) The
general prosperity in the manufacturing districts must de.
pend on the union of its several classes. I am an advocate
for wages up to the full amount that the manufacturing
interests cin afford. I have taken the opinions of a fair pro-
portion of interests there; and from all that I have talked
with, J gather that the two interests cannot be separated
withont injury. These opinions have been widely circulated
in print, and you will not expect of me, on this occasion,
that I should go again through the circumstances, because
it would detain the too long. You will recollect that the
proceedings of the day will be long, and we must use brevity
in the speeches we have to make.—(Cheers.) Gen.

tlemeu, what 1 propose to do is to make a few observations
to show you what I consider the duty of every man who
is sent to the House of Commons. Gentlemen, I say, in
the first place—and remember that we have other interests
to consider as well as those of any particular constituency

—I say, that these interests and this constituency must be
bound together as well as the case allows. He must think
of both. If he loses sight of one, the other will
suffet. His busines is to give his best thoughts
to both. But I go on still further, and say
this,—that unless this be established, religion must
suffer also. This is the true basis on which every
Government must stand which acts for the true interests of
a country. I was gratified to hear, in the speech of Mr.
Heaps, that on this subject we agree. It must he attended
to—this, in all good times, has been acknowledged—and,
the longer you live, the more you will find it so. I
am gratified to be able to see that such is the character of
the English people. Gentlemen, the Church of England,
as you know, is the chief; and one branch is known by
the name of the reformed church. Gentlemen, it sub-
stantially remains now in the same state as it was at the
time of its reformation.—(Cheers.) The form of church
government is very much improved, and adopted by much
the largest proportion of the people. But do I say, then, thy
there ought to be no inquiry—no authority exercised over
the concerns of the Church ? No : I say no stich thing.

I say I hive a disposition to remedy abuses in the Church,
if there be any—(Cheers from the Blues)--andtorectify
them wherever they are found. It is gratirying to me to have
heard from some sources that-the grievances of the Dissen-
ters are to be considered by the House of Commons very
soon.—(Cheers.) I will join most heartily in that inquiry.
—(Cheers.) 1 admire the con,titution of the three estates
of the realm—King, Lords, and Commons—and I am not
afraid to give you an instance of the power which it has
of self correction. I allude to the Reform Bill.

I say that that Bill is a proof bow it can :correct itself.
I need not tell you that some Members of the House of
Commons were of opinion it went too far. I need not
conceal from you I did not vo e for that measure. I
thought it too extensive, and that it would be attended with
danger greater then the advocates of the Bill thought;
and those with whom I acted were also so impressed, and
resolved from conscience to oppose it. But now, when
Vitt Bill is the law of the land, I will obey it, and I will
carry it to the utmost extent of my judgment for the
good of the people.—(Loud cheers.)
Mr. BAIN ES-( Opposition from the Blues)—Gentle-
men, it is a gratifying sight to you, but what must it be
to me—(that would be indeed a cold bosom which was
not filled with delight to see the manifestations of opinion
to me by your suffrage), who feel elevated to the proud
distinction of being the man of your favour. Gentlemen,
we don't want a show of hands, we have had such a mani-
festation of hands and of hearts, that there can be no
doubt of the ultimate result. It is gratifying to see so
many electors, and still snore to see so many non-electors,
because they have a suffrage, though not in the
booth, which no man can controvert.—(Hear, bear,
and loud cheering.) Gentlemen—(lnterruption from
the Blues)--4 come forward on the call of the largest
rt quisition that ever was presented to any man from the
electors of the town of Leeds; and not only this, but what
is still more important, obtained in the shortest time also,
and, I will add, by the fairest means. I lsave heard, Gen-
tlemen, that I am a nominee of the Whigs. I deny it.
I will support the Whigs when they support their country,
but I will oppose them when they oppose the true inte-
rests of the people.—(Cheers.) What do I rely on now?.
Not on music and banners. I rely on your favour, and
on your favour only. —(Cries of " Fair play," occasioned by
interruption from the Blues.) It has been said by Sir
John that he is now favourable to reform. Now I was
so before. To use the distinction—l helped to obtain it, Sir
John endeavoured to prevent its being obtained. Gentle-
men, I have ever been the friend of peace, I am still the
same, and if you send me to Parliament I shall always
be found so.—(Laughter from the Blues, and cheers )
You may rely on it I will be the friend of peace among all
the nations of the world. I was an enemy to the war,
which has burdened with debt. I resisted it to the
utmost of my power. I have been a friend to liberty ;
lam its friend still. I will be always its friend ; but I
will not be the friend of licentiousness. I have been
a friend to the economy of the public purse, and so is
Sir John ; but the difference between Sir John and me is,
that he is a friend to economy now that he is out of
office, but he was not so when he was in office. On
what do I found this observation? Why, on the fact that
two-thirds of his speeches were spent in defending his
salary.—(lnterruption from the Blues, and Cheers.) I
have been a Reformer at home and abroad. I have en•
deavoured and succeeded in diminishing your burdens.
If you send me Parliatnetr, I will endeavour to diminish
them still more.—(Cheers, interruption, and cries of
" Fair play, Mr. Mayor.") But I will not speak of genera-
..

lities but Particulars: I have reduced the ;:hurch-i:ates of
Leeds from 1,5001. per annum to 3001. per annum.—
(" Lay it on thick," by an Alderman.) When Sir John
can put forth such a claim, be will be entitled to your
support and interest. But I have been a friend to church
reform. Sir John doubts whether there be any abuses in
the Church. I do not doubt it at all that there are
abuses, and amongst others there is a prominent one, which
is, plurality of livintls.—(Cheers.) I am also against
tithes. They are and have been, the bane of this country.
They have done more to alienate the minister from the
flock than any other thing whatever. If you send me
to Parliament you may depend upon it I will
endeavour to promote a commutation of tithes, and that
through the land, as well in Lincolnshire as elsewhere.
Sir John says be will endeavour to remedy the grievances
of the Dissenters. Can you doubt that I shall do less?
I will not only endeavour to do this, but to place them
on an equality with their fellow subjects.—(Cheers.) Sir
John says he will support church reform. I have been a
church reformer all the days of my life. Gentlemen, I
am for free trade. I will promote it lo the utmost of my
power. lam for freedom of election, but I will not in-
terfere with it when it is pure. I will open no putil•c
house—(Uproar from the blues)—to corrupt the n ovals
of the people, and bring us back again to the rotten bo-

rough system. Let the purity of your elections be main-
tained, and we shall have a pure instead of a vicious
people.—(lnterruption and cheers.) lam for freedom of
political opiniens—l am a friend to the freedom of the
press. I have exercised it, and I will give it to others to
exercise also. lam for national education, and never wi
rrest satisfied till it is diffused through this country,
and every son and every daughter of every man can read
the Bible. I was an advocate for the amelioration of the
criminal code. Ido not think it is right to have hangmen
always at the end of the law.—(Loud cheers.) I run for
good and cheap justice—for terminating the suits
in Chancery, which have ruined many more for-
tunes than the tithes themselves. I am, Gentlemen, not
a friend to the corn laws, but an enemy.—(Cheers: biases
from the Blues.) I take this law to be the bane of this
country. Sir John says--(Hisses from the Blues).—
he has travelled through the different agricultural districts,
and has found them in great distress ; and what is his infer-
ence ? That though they are distressed under the influence
of the corn laws, yet these laws should yet be continued as
a remedy. I think differently; and therefore lam first for
modifying them, and then repealing them.—(Cheers.)
But I am convinced the agriculturists *ere never in such
distress as they are now, since the war. I should, how-
ever, like to know in what dine this interest was depre-
ciated 30 per cent. since the peace? It had advanced
50 per cent. before the war, and therefore it is still
20 per cent. better than it was once. I will sup-
port progressive reform. I will endeavour to make
the Bill, not a dead letter, but a living and vital
principle. The Bill ought to bring good govern-
ment, and I will not tie satisfied till it has hail
that effict. I have been a friend to the abolition of
slavery, and I will not rest till it is fully carried into
effect,—(Loud and continued cheers.) Gentlemen, I
hope I may, without presumption, say, that I am a
friend to the interests of this town. I have laboured
incessantly for that purpose—(Cheers)—and I never will
cease to promote them to the utmost extent. Gentlemen,
I have not been very diligent in my canvass, but there
is one man whom I must canvass to-day, and that is
Air. Win. Beckett.—(Cheers, and interruption.) He was
the man to say of Air. Macaulay's election, you ought
to be careful of voting for a man who had been known
to have has his hand in tha public purse. We have
the aristocracy against us, the moneyed interest
against us, the nobility, the corporation, and the
landed interest. What have we then on which to
ely, ?—vi hy, the suffrages of the electors of Leeds.
Gentlemen, I hive no claim to nobility, but I
have a claim of a higher nature—l am one of your own
body. Ii you elect me, a man taken from among your-
-elves, he will remember the kindness with which you
have treated him, and the confidence you have reposed in ~,,,
elm Gen 1-men, you will show Sir John you have oak
been beaten. If you think that there are not suffiCient
Members in the House of Como,oni to repre.eqct the
agricultural interest, you should e:ect Lord Sir John
Beckett. If you think that there are not sufficient
Members to represent in Parliament the trading in-
terest, I hope I may put in a claim to your support.
Gentlemen, I havitonly one other word to say; we has:
at present three candidates in the field. Sir J. Beck,
says the Reform Bill goes too far—Mr.,Bowers says
it does not go far enougo. I cannot think that the
will hold up their hands for Mr. Bowers, nr
Bowers's friends for the Blufs.—(Blue band pla:
cries of " Shame.") You Wive a duty to perfor
like men, as I know you will,-and of the result t
not for one moment be a douht.—(Loud cheers/
Mr. BOWERS next addressed the meeting.
his statements was that the Reform Bill did
enough; and that if elected he would endeavo
it go still further.
The MAI-on-being about to call for a show
Mr. HEAPS againcainTlOrward, and said
and felony townsmen, it-appears to rue , be E.
importance that wcteas ask.a fe questions of to,
didates as to their o-ive..l_,Gert<iin motions now bet,,:,
the House. Wit t q ilsion, Sir, I will put the cp414,..„.
dons seriatim, and tligtilsk each candidate for a rent
Sir John Beckett, I .ask,syea will you support a motto
for a Select Corowittee to*:iiiquire into the ancient and
modern origin of tithes, and how far they may be appro.
priated to the use of the poor ?
Sir JoaeN—l don't think I can answer this question;
for this reason, I am told the motion is already made fi
a committee of inquiry ; I will go into that inquiry.
Mr. BAINES—I will:,(Cheers.)
Mr. BOWER—I would.—(Cheers.)
Mr. HEAPS to Sir John B.—Will you supp ,rt a mo-
tion for the repeal of the duty of stamps on newspapers ?
Sir J. B-1 answer in the affirmative.
• Mr. BAINES—I will if Lord Althurp can spare the
amount.—(Cheers and hisses.)
Mr. BOWERI will.—(Cheers.)
Mr. HEAPS to Sir John—Will you support a motion to
inquire into the value of church lands in Ireland?

-•. .

Sir J. B—l hare no objection to go into the inquiry...-.
(Cheers.)

Mr. litnizs—l will support a motion to inquire into
the value of church lands in Ireland, and in England too if
necessary.—(Cheers.)
Mr. BOWER-4 will.
Mr. HEAPS (to Sir John)—Will you support a motion
for manning the navy without impressment?
Sir JOHN-4 will give no pledges to you.—(Hisses.)
Mr. BArtats—l wil►.—(Cheers, and hisses from the
Blues).
Mr. BOWER—I will.—(Cheers.)
Mr. HEAPS—WiII you support a motion to abolish:"
flogging in the army ?
Sir JOHN—I can give no pledges.
Mr. BAINES—I detest flogging, and I will support it,
Mr. BOWER-4 will.
Mr. Mars—Will you support a motion for the repeal
of the corn 134/5 ?
Sir JSHN—I will not pledge myself.
Mr. BowER—I will support a motion for an alteration
and gradual abolition.—(Cheers and hisses..)
Mr. BowER—I will.
11r. HEAPS—WiII you support a repeal of the malt tax?:
Sir JoHN—I will not pledge.
Mr. BAINES—I will, if the Chancellor can spare the
amount.
Mr. BOWER—I w.ll.
Mr. HEAPS—WiII you support a motion to expel the.
Bishops from the House of Lords?
Sir Jon N—No.—(Hisses.)
Mr. BAINES—I think the Bishops will be better out
than in.

Mr. BOWER—I will.
Mr. HEAPS—WiII you support an inquiryrto ,
sinecures, with a view to their abolition ?P kt.
Sir JoHN—I will not pledge myself.
• r. BAINES.—I
Ir. 130WER—I will.
WR
Mr. HEAPS—WiII you support a motion th •-•
and window duty shall cease on or before the • .IKI
next?
Sir JOHN—I cannot answer it. •z,
Mr. BAINES—If Lord Al:borp can spare-.it. -o'c_l)ll9*
Mr. BONER—I will. •
. '
Mr. HEAPS-Will you support triennial' • .414 ‘,
Sir JOHN—Certainly not.
Mr. BAINES—No. - •
Mr. BOWER—I will.
Mr. HEAPS—WiII you support a property t.Alet •.4
tend to the Funds ? •
•
Sir JohN—To he candid, I will not.
Mr. BAINES—I will not.
Mr. 80WER....1 will.
Mr. HEAPS—WiII you support household suffrage iind
the ballot?
Sir JOHN said he would make inquiry.
Mr. Baittrs—l will not.
Mr. BONER—I will.—(Loud cries of" Question," and
" Show of hands.")
'One or two other questions were put by Mr. HEAPS,
an operative; but the show of hands being so impera-
tively called for, the Mayor conceded.
The show .of hands was first for Sir John Beckett ;
secondly, for Mr. Baines ; and, thirdly, for Mr. Bower.
There was an admitted majority for Mr. Baines over Sir
John Beckett, by. about three to two. Some of M..
Baines's friends having by mistake held up their bands when
Mr. Bower's name was called, along with the whole of ti.e
Blues, Mr. Bower was declared, the Mayor said With_
out hesitation," to the wonder of every person in the
booth, to have the show of bands in his favour.
There is something most extraordinary in this e'ec..
iion, which nobody seems to understand, for even Sir
John Beckett himself is said to have held up his band
far Mr. Bower. All the Blues, however, held up their
hands for boil Mr. Becketerend Mr. Bower, as if there
had been some previous arrangement, that if the show
I:s‘solui as unfavourable
fairnessiußemne odfowa
nvreleorenu.ni rat:vi beitkhlniiaectri
Tt.acSeinonirnsoa
tn.ltfrthouiehshttnleehe,da
least
result t
thl
late
t ecasrtetmuirthintgbeoffigicveern, to
s
now deeply regretted. He set an example of impartiali y
witha
d o uotbfhte.thpe
and without banners, Mr. Baines's friends, bolt,rlVpesoi
Without
ucg et" electors uifsndni and
um-electors, were more than double their oppon nts, with
every art of electioneering which they nad d. vised.
the Whigs had no open houses, no excitement but
hat of honest feeling; whilst the Tories have ope. e I
Cammittee-rooms, and spoken in public-hou es to ani
[lumber who might happeu to be assembled.

~~'

WM

RIME

.

IMIN
