THE FUNDS.

Consols opened this morning at the same price they left off
yesterday, S7l to 88 for the account, with little or nothing
doing as yet.

We understand that positive information has been received
that a treaty of peace has been signed between the Egyptians
and the Turks ; consequently we may expect soon to hear that
the Russians will retire from Constantinople.
In the Foreign Market there is nothing doing as yet. Con.
sols have improved from 88 to 88 %.
HALF-PAST ONE.
Up to the present hour we have no express from Paris in
the City, consequently we are without continental news. .

The New York Packet, of the 24th ult., is off Liverpool;
papers and letters not received.

Consols, which were in the early part of the morning at
87i to BS, have since improved to 881.
In the Foreign Market, all securities are better.
THREE O'CLOCK.
Consols for Account, 88 to 88 %.

LORD CHAMBERLIAN'S OFFICE, MAY 18,
1833.—Notice is hereby eiveu that him MAJEsrv's Levee,
intended to be held on Wednesday next, is postponed to
Wednesday, the 29th instant

In the House of Commons, last night,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM gave notice that on Monday. the SOth
of May, wh,n the Government plan for the grad,..:al abo-
lition of slavery is to be brought before the Raise, he
would move, as an amendment to that plan, the following
resolutions :

" 1. That every slave in his Majesty's dominions has an inde-
feasible right to emancipation, without delay, and without price.
" 2. That from and after the 21st of August, 1831—the anni-
versary of his present Majesty's birthday—slavery shall cease to
exist in every part of the British empire.
"3. That immediate measures be taken to ascertain the ac-
tual amount of pecuniary loss that may be sustained by the
owners of colonial estates for the substitution of free labour for
slave labour on their several plantations ; and to determine to
what extent the national funds should be appropriated to com-
pensate all those by whom such pecuniary loss may be actually
sustained.
.. 4. That an adequate supply of a preventive police, of an
independent magistracy, and of teachers for infasst and adult
schools, be sent out from this country to all our colonies in
which slavery is to be abolished ; the expense to be borne out of
the funds hitherto appropriated to the support of our military
establishments in those parts, which, on the entire abolition Of
slavery, may be extensively and safely reduced."
