SPAIN.

BAYONNE, APRIL 5. —lforward you the annexed
Carlist document :

" ARMY OF THE KING OUR LORD DON
CARLOS V. IN NAVARRE.
" BULLETIN OF APRIL 1, 1834.

" The most Excellent Junta Gobernativa of this
kingdom has received the following official report from
the General-in-Chief :

"Excellency,—For the last'sixsd.a.ys I have been in
the presence of -the forces,9f the rebel Lorenzo, with
the first brigaile—iiroiff army.: Already, on three
different occasions, that proud Corypheus has avoided
the battle I offered him by remaining within his lines.
The same .thing would have occurred to-day,. as I
could perceive from the position of Eraul, where
I awaited him for the fourth time, had. I not been
aware of his intention to repair to Estella, where
he expected to enjoy some repose under the
protection of its ramparts, and determined on
acting upon the offensive. When the order to march
was given to some of our companies, a general cry of
" Long live the King I" was set tip through the camp,
and the detachment spiritedly prceeded to the ground
I assigned them. The battle cmenced at the vil-
lage of Mara, and during six hours that strong posi-
tion was attacked and defended with the utmost ob-
stinacy ; but at last the arms of the King our Lord,
visibly protected by the God of Armies, drove the
enemy from their intrenchments with unparalleled ar-
dour, put them to flight, and pursued them and the
garrison of Estella, that had marched out to re-
lieve them, to the very gates of that town. In
their flight they abandoned a quantity of arms
and waggons, which fell into our hands, as well
as a number of prisoners and horses. The loss of the
enemy in killed, from a view I took of the field of
battle, must have been considerable • it was, more-
over, strewed with their wounded. Zmong the former
are a Commander and several other officers. On our
side we have to regret the loss of Don Martin
Eguaras, Lieutenant of the 3d battalion, and four sol-
diers ; our wounded do not exceed 24, none of whom
are in danger of their life. Any praise I bestowed on
the courage of the Navarrese would'not add to the
high estimation in which they are held through Eu-
rope, for their heroism and constancy is every where
proverbial; I shall only observe that the first battalion
of Alava, commanded by its worthy chief Don Bruns-
villareal, rivalled in bravery that of Navarre. I have
to forward to your Excellency this incomplete sketch,
and shall supply you with more ample details, as soon
as possible. " God keep your Excellency.
" THOMAS ZUMALACARREGUI.
" Head-quarters of Arcona, March 29, 1834."
" People of Navarre and Alava, and you, brave
Carlists, who partake of the glory of defending the
best of Kings, commemorate with a just enthusiasm so
fortunate an event, whilst our enemies, a prey to the
rage that corrodes their heart, know not whither to fly
in order to conceal their shame. Contemplate them
on that field of military glory, running away with their
proud " chief, and saving themselves from the deadly
-bierea,the ,Ls legitimadt, and-you will let
skill and experience of Lorenzo, worsted by those very
men whom he disdainfully called the fugitives from the
battleof Asarta. You will pronounce it an additional
chastisement inflicted on the tyrant now commanding
the troops styled the ' Army of the North,' for this is
the second fatal check his guilty projects has received
within a few days. The infamous orders he has issued
against the respectable and peaceable country priest
and the physician who repairs to discharge a duty of
charity, are worthy of the anarchist now in Navarre,
the object of public execration, and who has covered
himself with a degree of opprobrium far exceeding that
incurred by his predecessors."

THE NEW MARKET in the BOROUGH

of SOUTHWARK.

(From a Correspondent.)
A Morning Paper of Wednesday contained a
statement giving a most partial account of a vestry
meeting of St. Saviour's, with observations of an in-
correct and abusive nature against the proposed new
market in the parish of St. George the Martyr, and
its projectors. _

It is, however, a well knowif fact that hardly any
great and beneficial improvement has ever been un-
dertaken without some petty or unreasonable oppo-
sition from private interests, and as nothing can
show the weakness of a cause more than gross and
uncalled for personalities, the few interested enemies
of the new market have riot been sparing in attacks
of this nature—attacks which can only be regarded
in the same contemptable light with the miserable
source from whence they have emanated ; but in
order that the many kind supporters of the new
undertaking and the public should not be misled, it
may not be unnecessary to state the following par-
ticulars :

" The proposed South London Market and Abat-
toirs, are intended to be erected on several acres, com-
prising the site of St. George's Market and adjoining
property, London Road, Southwark.
" It is situated between the Obelisk and the Ele-
phant and Castle, at which places the six great roads
from the bridges meet ; and diverge to the Southern
counties ; being in the centre of South London,
within three quarters of a mile of the three bridges,—
only on© mile, and three furlongs from Smithfield
Cattle Market,—within the triangle formed by the
London; Borough, Newington-causeway, and South,
wark Bridge-roads ; along which pass, on their way to
North London, the immense supplies of fruit, vege-
tables, and cattle, from the fertile counties of Kent,
Surrey, and Sussex, and part of Hants.

The approaches to it are numerous, the adjacent
noble roads of the extaordinary width of from 60 to
100 feet, afford a free atmospheric circulation. A very
deep extensive and ample drainage at great cost, has
recently been constructed ; wells of excellent spring
water are upon the estate, which is likewise abundantly
supplied by the Lambeth Water Works Company.
An additional reason for selecting South London
as the best position for a great Market and Abattoir is
the extraordinary fact, that, whilst upwards of fourteen
markets supply the inhabitants of the metropolis
" north" of the Thames, there should be but one, to
the " south," viz., St. Saviour's Market, comprising 3
roods 11 including cart and pitching stands, and the
site of 14 dwelling houses thus occupied : two public
houses, one painter and glazier, one tripeman, two
butchers, two cheesemongers, one egg dealer, and five
fruit salesmen, without one poulterer or fishmongor,
and has so little accommodation for trade, that it can
hardly be called a market. The boundary streets, in-
cluding footpaths, are from 20 to 26 feet in width, and
consequently totally inadequate to the reception of
St.
dlte
Saviour,abv eo Parliament,luorneg tothoo
obs habpei
suppress
rietnedhshesaBbaac
oibnt
uyaynse
eota inhabitants
of
ofefs
other
thean
incc
elmarket
market gardeners.
rsu
kmhs ecaatvl
f
t
At
dt that periodexc e
exceed
41
57
,6040)0,
personsth the u;
nowa ti o population
thousandso of South
ofen ileinnp hithertoaasrniosuhAthco
wLaronkdon
of houses cover the theli extensive fields, which are in-
habited by upwards of 420,000 souls, and it only requires
to glance at a map of London, to see the absurdity of sup-
posing this small market, situated at the foot of London
Bridge, capable of supplying this vast increase of po-
pulation, and the injustice of endeavouring to prevent
the inhabitants of so great a part of the metropolis,

from the convenience and advantage which the esta-
blishment of the proposed new market, on account of
its central situation and capacious scale would afford
them.

It is therefore much to be regretted that the Cor-
poration of St. Saviour's should singly oppose an un-
dertaking calculated to supply cheap and good food to
I an immense population—to increase the architectural
splendour of South London—to meet the recommen-
dation of a select committee of the House of Com-
mons in 1828, relative to the erection of abattoirs, and
I to abate, if not to annihilate the very nuisances which
the St. Saviour's Market in 1754-6 was established to
effect, but which it has never effected, as will appear
from the following extract from Concanon's and Mor-
gan's History and Antiquities of St. Saviour's, pub-
lished in 1796:
"te cannot omit here observing, that though the
mark t is removed from the High-street, yet the nui-
sance;in a great measure remains almost we might say,
under the toleration of the last mentioned act of Par-
liament. Why it should be so against the public good
we cannot guess. It is every day more offensive, and
on cattle market days, dangerous to the passengers
and injurious to the opposite shopkeepers."
Eighty years have now elapsed, and the Borough
Market does not appear to occupy all the ground set
out by the Parliamentary commissioners of 1754-6."
Notwithstanding this and the other facts above men-
tioned, the trustees have 'the assurance to state that
this small concern is a commodious market, and pre-
sumptuously fancy that they can supply the whole of
South London ! the fallacy of which must be apparent
to every one having any knowledge of the borough of
Southwark.. .

As for the vast sums which they state to have been
expended, and the benefit derived by the poor, it will
be found on strict examination, to be equally fallacious.
The prospectus and plans of the South London
Mitrket have received the cordial sanction of the owners
of several thousand adjoining houses. The Lord Lieu-
teiant of Surrey andi other great landowners of the
southern countieo are its patrons—the- churchwardens,
overseers, and inhabitants of St. George the Martyr
fretitiqned Parliament for its establishment—and the
Corpo)•ation of London' refused to comply with a peti-
tion from the trustees of the borough, or rather St.
Saviour's, rnarket,-praying them to oppose the under-
taking.
Thet petition for the bill which has been read a se-
cond time, is signed by gentlemen of the highest re-
spectability resident pouth of the Thames, among
whomgare thirteen magistrates of the county, from a
thorough conviction of the necessity which calls for
the erection of a central commodious market, as the
best means of promoting the health, comfort, and con-
venience of the vast population of South London.
Since writing the above, the morning paper alluded
to has given a rather fair explanation about the ob-
noxious article. '1
- - -
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE.

CAMBRIDGE, APRIL 11.—The following gentlemen
of Trinity College were yesterday elected Scholars of
that society :____
Heisch. 'Hall. 7Vcstna. Scholars.
.
Cooper Walton.

Dickinson. , Osborne. Ingram.
Greatheed. . Conway. Charlton.
Musgrave. A. Smith. Hem ery.
Scrivener. Atkinson.

At a congregatidir on Wednesday next, petitions to
the two Houses of Parliament will be proposed to the
Senate, against the abrogation of Religious Tests on
proceeding to degrees in this University.

ECCLESIASTICAL PREFERMENTS.

The Rev. J. P. Higman, M.A., Fellow and Tutor
of Trinity College, was yesterday presented, by the
Mastet acid Fellows of that society, to the rectory of
Fakeriliam, Norfolk, vacant by the death of the Rev.
Mr. Morris.'
The Rev. G. A. Butterton, Fellow of St. John's
College, in this University, and Vice-Principal of
Bristol College, has been elected Head Master of
the West Riding Preparatory School, Wakefield,
Yorkshire.

The Rev. Henry Fielding, M. A., of Worcester
College, in this University, to the Chaplaincy and
Vicarage of Christ Church, Manchester, vice the Rev.
M. Randall, M. A., deceased.
The Rev. Percy Bysshe Haines, 8.A., to the Liv-
incrs'of Deene and Corby, Northamptonshire.
e Rev. R. Heslop, perpetual Curate of Slaley,
No umberland, has been appointed to the Curacy of
the arliamentary Church of St. Mary's, Birch, in
Mi Teton, on the nomination of the Rev. C. J. Way,
rector of Middleton. ' •

_lcolt inst. Mr.--Wm. Scott was electedlk
scholar on the Michel foundation at Queen's College!

The Bishop of Durham has been pleased to ir'e-
sent the Rev. .J. Manisty, of Newcastle, to the news
church at Shildon, in the parish of St. Andrew Auck-
land.

THE POLES.

(From the Times.)

We recommend to public attention an ex-
tremely interesting, enlightened, and kind-hearted
pamphlet, entitled " The Case of the Poles
now at Portsmouth." Both the narrative into
which it enters, and the reflections in which it.
indulges, are distinguished by a humane and
generous spirit—which sympathises with patri-
otism in distress as cordially as it spurns oppres-
sion—and which, by its earnestness and a happy
use of sacred language, exalts our admiration of
liberty and political virtue into a kind of reli-
gious feeling. In almost every one of the au-
thor's humane reflections we can join, except
where he alludes in too flattering terms to our
own exertions in the Polish cause.

The object of the pamphlet is to draw atten-
tion to the case of the unhappy Polish exiles
who were lately driven into Portsmouth by stress
of weather on board a Prussian vessel chartered
to transport them to America. It will be re-
collected that a Prussian vessel filled with exiles
from the same unfortunate country was driven,
nearly about the same time, into Harwich, and
another into Havre de Grace, on the French
coast. The Poles on board the ship which
reached Harwich accepted service in the Fo-
reign Legion of France, and are now probably
at Algiers fighting against the Arabs. Those
who were on board the vessel which was driven
into Portsmouth refused such a service, as they
had a light to do, and likewise, declined the
Prussian. boon of transportation to America;
they are consequently still at Portsmouth.
The author enters into very interesting de-
tails_ on the I and treatment=the present
necessities and future prospects—of the latter ;,
and pleads their cause both with the British
government and the British public. His nar-
rative is preceded and followed by reflections on.
the recent conduct of Russia, and her despotic
allies, towards Poland—the rights and obliga-
tions of the parties to the treaty of Vienna as
regards that persecuted country—and the duties
of the British government or people towards
those Polish exiles who have been accidentally
driven like a wreck upon our shores. We are
sorry that we have only room for the following
historical narrative of their landing and treat-
ment

4, Before the facts which regard the Poles since
their arrival at Portsmouth are adverted to, it may
be as well to state generally how they, or others of
their countrymen, were treated when in Prussia,
and under what circumstances the Poles now here
left that country. They, with others their com-
rades, escaped thither for a refuge, after the fortunes
of war had turned against them. Such, indeed, is
the law of brute force, unequal numbers may ulti-
mately overcome superior principle when it is obliged
to fight with physical weapons. At first it was at-
tempted to drive them baCk into Poland. In pur-
suance of this plan, the Polish soldiers were ordered
to cross the frontieis into their own territory. They
well knew that to be once there again would be to
take the first step to the snows and the cruelties of
Siberia. They refused ; the Prussians resorted to
force ; and a great number of the Poles were
killed or wounded in the attempt to drive
theminto their own country ! Those who
remained resolved to die on the threshold of Po-

land... Tyranny quailed at - the sublime decision of
such cool and heroic fortitude. -it drew-back at the
daring 74. men who could die in the 'sight of their
ruined.country, but who could not live in willing
slavery. - Prussia m, but as rebels.
They laboured along with con‘-ict.s4 criminals on the
public works. At the COLgi'CS: Mmichengratz,
however_, it was decided that etten4As siould again
be made to get them out of Prussia. They were
then, fbr this purpose, treated with. Pretty reci-
procity for a contract! As a choice of alternatives,
the one being nominally reception in Poland, but
really, in their opinion, banishment to Siberia, or a
fate no better, and the other a passage to America
—thousands of mileS from their homes and from EU-
rope--they naturally adopted the latter. But Heaven
interposes ! One ship is driven to Havre ; and the
generous French, in spite of the' authorities, would
receive the unfortunate Poles ; another is taken
into Harwich ; and a third to Portsmouth.

" Of the latter band, consisting of 212, including
two officers, the writer now more particulary speaks.
" Immediately on their arrival in a port of Eng-
land, they resolved, if possible, to be free. Where
is the Englishman who will blame them for making
the noble resolve, justly complimentary as it is to
our beloved country ? They protested in writing
against the extorted arrangements, which were made
in a state which they considered as duress. Ame-
rica iS a fine and happy land.; but it is on the
other side of the World. Were they to blame
that they clung, with tenacity, at least to Europe ?
In this refusal, howeVer, to go across the At-
lantic, they acted upon the dictates of their own
judgment and policy as Poles. They neither did
consult, nor were counselled hi that, by English-
men at Portsmouth.- The contrary winds were
most-extraordinarily prolonged—another remarkable
circumstance in the strange. eventful history' of
this little patriot hand. They availed themselves of
the neessary delay to make a formal application to
the French Governnieht to-be rec6ved into France
along with their compatriots already in that coun-
try. Before any answer had been.received to this
request the wind changed. The Prussian captain
of the vessel must perform his, mercantile contract
—at least so said the J.ondon agents, who 'came
down to Portsmouth to insist upon the punctual
performance of.his engagement. It is not intended
to blame him under all circumstances for an act
which he considered to be done in discharge of his
duty ; his conduct, perhaps, was natural enough.
But the poor Poles had their duty, which was of a
more exalted and moral character, to perform as
well. 'Without positive or offensively aggressive
violence, they, by passive force, resisted the attempt
to transport them, against their will, thousands of
miles from Europe. What Briton, under similar
circumstances, would not have done likewise ?"

" The people of Portsmouth and Portsea, to
their great honour; finding that they had the brave
but unfortunate soldiers of Poland with them, were
immediately alive to their duty, and to their charac-
ter as Englishmen. Without•any particular encou-
ragement-from the authorities, the people of Ports-
mouth and Portsea, by their own subscriptions,
assisted by those of other benevolent individuals in
the neighbourhood and elsewhere, have hitherto
supported these interesting exiles. Not the rich
and the great alone have contributed, but perhaps
many a hard-carried shilling has been drdpped into
the subscription-boxes by the artisan or labourer, with
has joyfully offered his honest mite—a deed worthy
of his character, but tihknown to fame. The very
children at the schools-have put to shame others who,
though older, may be less informed or more apathetic.
It is to be hoped the corporation of Portsmouth, long
known as an uncorrupt body of liberal politicians,
will, when the entire list of subscribers shall be
published, be found at the head of it, both in respect
of time and amount ; thus being, as a corporation
with public funds ought to be, leaders, and not fol-
lowers, of their fellow-townsmen in every thing that
is good and public-spirited. The representatives of
the borough have honoured themselves by subscrib-
ing. The officers and others of our brave army
now in the garrison, without in the slightest degree
having committed themselves imprudently to aught
i'Y
but acts, of soldierly humanity,
.. have treated the
.illei:artdAliett7ZlEeefiliitt 11RapilitAiri,t1n2ss;
, elicacy, and propriety. Ureic lia.'s;tni fact„speak-.
ing generally,- been a cordial sympathy expressed
towards them by all classes.

" In the mean_ time; the Poles at Portsmouth
having applied formally to the French Government
to be received into France with their compatriots
already there, instead of their receiving ally direct
answer" to their specific application through the
channel in which they expected it, a correspondence
was opened with them, evidently proceeding on the
assumption, which was incorrect, that the Poles at
Portsmouth had applied to be received into the ser-
vice of the foreign legion of France, or, in other
words, to go to Algiers. If those at Harwich had
done so,it was not the case with those atPortsmouth;
still, over and over again,against their: ssertions to the
contrary as to the nature of their application,they were
asked if they persisted in their intention to enter
the Foreign Legion of France. This made them
fear that intrigue was going on, or something not
sufficiently direct and ingenuous, or something mar-
vellously erroneous. Is it any wonder that they did
not decide to go ? Subsequently, being in corre-
spondence with persons of their own nation, whom
they considered entitled to offer counsel, they were
advised' not to throw away their lives among the
Arabs by going to Algiers—not, at any rate, until
the Government, and after them the people, of
France and England, had previously pronounced
the stern decree for their departure from the shores
of Europe."

EMIGRATION TO NEW SOUTH WALES

OR VAN DIEMEN'S LAND,

Downing-street, April 6, 1834.
Numerous applications have been received from per-
sons desirous of emigrating to New South \Vales or
Van Diemen's Land, who, after stating their inability
to defray the whole charge of their conveyance, solicit
aid for that purpose, on condition of repaying the
same out of their earnings in the colony where they
propose to settle. His Majesty's Government has
sanctioned the appropriation of a limited sum out of
the colonial revenues of New South \Vales and Van
Diemen's Land, to assist the private funds of such
emigrants as may appear likely to earn the means of
repaying that aid, and to become useful settlers. The
following arc the regulations tiiider which this indul-
gence will be dispensed :
No advance will be made except to young and mar-
ried agricultural labourers, who intend taking their
wives and families with them ; and a strict inquiry
will be instituted into their chdiecter and habits of
industry, before the assistance they solicit will be
granted to them.

- No one family will be allowed an advance exceeding,
2b/. ; and it will be useless therefore for parties, who
may not possess the remainder of the sum requisite
for defraying the expense of their passage, to apply
for their assistance.

Every person desirous of receiving the proposed ad-
vance must fill up, and send back to the Under Secre-
tary of State for the Colonial Department, the Return
hereto annexed. If the information contained in this
return, and the answers to the inquiries which may be
addressed to the parties who certify the correctness of
the return, shall be considered satisfactory, the ap-
plicant will receive notice to that effect. He ma/, then
proceed to make his agreement with the owners or
masters of ships proceeding to New South Wales or
Van Diemen's Land, and z!‘s soon as any ship-owner or
master shall notify (in a form which will be provided
for that pqrpose) that the emigrant has taken the other
necessary steps for engaging his,passsge, an order will
he granted for the payment, in the colony, of 20/. to
the agent or master of the vessel in which this emi-
grant may arrive. The emigrant will of course be able
to obtain a corresponding deduction from the amount
to be paid by himself in this country.
The order for payment will• be intrusted •to the
master of the vessel in-which the emigrant. is -about to
proceed and will consist of a sealed despatch to the
governor, containing the name and description of the
party on whose account the money is to be paid, and
enclosing a promissory note, which he will be required
to sign in acknowledgment of his debt, which note
must be witnessed by the captain 4pa Oli.A.ef mate of the
vessel. But arrangemeao will be made, by which the

'yment of this order :yin 1:,.t 11,: 117,1 1; cs9'ony,
until the captain shall t rroduced the parties, on
whose accolint it is to be made, before the officer ap-
pointed for that purpose ; and they shall have entered
into a fresh obligation for the re-payment of the ad-
vance made to them. For it is the intention of his
Majesty's Government, and-cannot be too clearly un-
derstood by all persons who may accept this loan, that
repayment of the debt (in such proportions, and at
such intervals, as may not be unsuitable to the circum-
stances of each emigrant) shall be strictly enforced, by
means of the ample powers which the laws of the co-
lony render available for that purpose.
Government agents for emigration have been ap-
pointed at Liverpool, Bristol, Dublin, Cork, Limerick,
Belfast, and Greenock ; who have been instructed to
afford gratuitous information to all persons applying to
them, as to the best means of carrying their schemes of
eMigration into effect. Parties, therefore, who may
reside in the neighbourhood of these agents, are re-
quested to apply to them 'either personally (or if by
letter post paid), for information on this subject.
All .applications for the assistance of government,
must be made by letter only, addressed to H. W. Hay,
:Ossq., Under Secretary of State, London ; and should
the number of applications be greater than the funds
at their disposal will enable them to comply with,
priority of date will form the rule of selection among
applications in which there shall appear no other
ground of distinction.

Place of Residence

R. W. HAY.

Form for Agricultnral Labourers desirous of receiving an Ad.
Vance from-Government in aid of their means of Emigrating
to New South Wales or Van Diemen's Land; to be tilled up
and returned to the Under Secretary of State, Colonial De-
partment, London.
. _
Name of the applicant.

•
His age. •
His trade or calling.
Whether,mattied or a widower.
.If marrkd, the age his wife.
Names and ages of his children. •
If lie-intends to leave behind any of his family, what means they
have of subsistence. , 4
Place to which he Wishes to go.
Amount (not exceeding 201.), which he is desirous to obtain as
an advance.
Name and address of the minister of the parish in which he re-
sides.

Certificate to be signed by two respectable Household rs.
We certify that we are acquainted with the person above
'named, and that we believe him to be an honest and industrious
labourer, and likely to maintain himself in the colony to which
he wishes to go ; and, further, that we know that the partitu-
lars stated in the above return are correct.
Signature • Signature
Place of residence--- -Placu of residence I
certify to the best of my belief that the above certificat es are
authentic, and that the persons whose signatures ate affixed to
them are worthy of credit.
To be signed by a magistrate, or
by the minister of the parish
in which the applicant resides

It is particularly requested that no gentleman will certify
this return unless they are thoroughly convinced of the truth of
the statement contained in it.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

MALTON RACES; April 10.
The Cottage Stakes of 5 sous. each, 12st. each. Gen-
tlemen riders. Once round and a distance. Ten subs.
Mr. J. Hall's Liddlesda:e 1
Mr. F. Watt's Hussite •

Five others started. Only two placed. -
A Maiden Plate, value 50 sovs., for horses of all.ages.
Heats one mile and a half. Five subs.
Mr. Johnson's bl. c. Ly Chateau Margaux 4 0 1 1
Mr. Singleton's ch. f. by Blacklock, 3 yrs 1 3 9 3
Mr. S. L. Fox's The Count, 3 yrs 2 0 0 2
Mr. J. Mill's ch..e. by Tramp, :3 yrs

The General Steam Navigation Company's
mail packet, the Harlequin, from Hamburg, arrived off
the Custom. House at half-past two o'clock, a.m., this
day.

rir T T
THE iRADES9 UNIONS.—We are informed
that the journeymen tailors intend a general strike
within a few days. Their union has increased lately
so largely, that at one lodge, in the neighbourhood of
Carnaby market, 215 new members were enrolled on
Monday evening last. At one of the recent funerals,
52/. some odd shillings were subscribed, in pence and
halfpence, by the Trades' Unionists for the deceased:s
widow and family. It is calculated that at the 'three
r funerals, which took place last Sunday, 60,000 union:
ere in attendance..-- " '
t Zia hay, of the Bays, whilst trolling for
pike in the River Trent, near Colwick Weir, on Mon-
day week, caught a remarkably fine salmon, weighing
upwards of 221bs. and measuring thirty-seven inches
in length. The bait was a roach, and the tackle was
of a peculiar description, purchased at the shop of
Mr. Etches, in Hockley.—Nottingham Review.
THE CIEURCH AGAIN.----On Sunday week,
at a church within ten miles of the town of Notting..
ham, a very ludicrous and singular affair took place.
As is usual on Easter Sunday, a respectable congre-
gation had assembled after service, for the purpose of
receiving the divine sacrament ; the sacred form was
duly administered by the priest—the money gathered
—the paupers of the parish in all anxiety, were wait-
ing for the bountiful distribution of the gift ; but, alas i
the money was not forthcoming. The bustle this ex-
traordinary circumstance occasioned was great ; the
people called upon the clerk—the clerk upon the par-
son, but the worthy member of the cloth was out of
hearing; he had skipped off with the cash unobserved,
much to the annoyance of the parishioners. It is
needless to add, the clergyman was sent for back,
who much chagrined, re-produced the money, at the
same time remarking, " he knew not but it was the
property of the priest !"—Nottingham Review.

A MANY-TOED AND FINGERED FAMILY.
—Meckel, in his Pathological Anatomy, has collected
several instances in which the presence of supernume-
rary fingers and toes was heriditary in certain families..
To these the following may be added:—" Thomas
Copsey, a man of 19, at present a patient in the Mid-
dlesex hospital, under Mr. Arnott's care, has thirteen
toes, and states that he had originally fourteen fingers.
He has seven toes on the left foot, and six on the right..
Each of these toes has the natural number of bones
(phalanges) and is provided with distinct tendons.
With the exception of the fifth toe, all the others are
adherent (united closely to each other by integument).
There are but five metatarsal bones. In each foot
there may be said to be two great toes, which are arti-
culated with the first metatarsal bone, and in the left-
foot two toes are articulated with the fifth metatarsal.
On the outside of the first phalanx of the little finger,
close to its proximal extremity, is an elevated cicatrix.,
a tubercle, indicating the situation from whence twz,
fingers were cut in his infancy ; the middle and ring
finger are adherent through their whole length in t a.:11
hand. Thomas Copsey has five brothers and four sis-
ters, in all of whom, with the exception of One sister,
there are six toes on each foot, and a sixth finger was
removed in their infancy. The other sister has seven
toes on one foot and six on the other, and had two fin-
gers removed from each hand. His mother has the
same number of toes, and had the same number of fin-
gers as himself and sister last alluded to. The same
is the case with his only maternal uncle (who has no
family) and was the case with his maternal grandfa-
ther."—Medical Gazette.

NEW HARBOUR AT EDINBURGIT.—
Messrs. Grainger and Miller, and Mr. Gibb, of Abel--
deen, the eminent engineers, have drawn up a report
for the formation of a harbour and dock in Trinity
Bay, on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth.
The works will consist of a wet dock containing 43
acres, affording inner wharfage to the extent of 12,000
feet. This dock will be entered by a lock 200 feet in
outer with
feet wide, where there
length and Aii in width. The entrance will be pro-
ing3o;lace for the accommoda-
tion by a breakwater parallel to the channel of the
Firth, 1,100 feet long, foluded in 11 feet water at low
twoebb ofa oscpkrinpgiorstidbeit,
irdonwhariechh,osa,t
willthe sameseeur etimane,
DloOvvO kweattelronlagndb
tion of the steam vessel trade of the Firth. The
har-
bour will afford a depth of water for •
Nhvairllbob7a,
ships of every
size, even the largest in the King's service, and it will
e,
be accessible at all times of the
tide, and in all
weathers. The estimated cost of tills great under-
taking is the comparatively• •
trifling sum of 250,000/.
Only a few years since Li e ,A
v rpo,was a contemptible
fishing town—no 'wit is nearlyw), oil aar with London.
extraordinary
To what is this 1)
rapid rise to be as-
cribed? Ob •
viousl to its superior local position, and
to the liberal, wisp.ririg 1
emp oyment of capital in the
improvement of its great natural advantages. The
capital of Scotland is second to no sea-port in the
three kingdoms in point of situation ; and it needs
only a judicious outlay of money to acquire a character
for commerce quite equal to that which it 1.a3 already
olAtaittect for literatttre‘

SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

By what we may call " letters from the
mountains" we learn, that the canvass in Perth-
shire is proceeding as favourably for Mr. Gra-
ham as the friends of liberal principles or a re-
formed Government could anticipate or desire.
The organization of Lord Ormelie s committees
and agencies, which at the last election brought
such bodies of Highland and Lowland voters
to the poll, as to dismay the Tory faction, and
to scare them from a second day's trial, still re-
mains, and will be employed as zealously for
the present candidate as for his predecessor.
Wherever Mr. Graham's friends and canvassers
have appeared, they have been welcomed with
the same favour or enthusiasm as those of the
late noble member for the county. At the
same time it is evident that Mr. Graham ap-
pears among the freeholders of Perthshire in
his real character of friend of the existing Go-
vernment—that he fights under no disguise of
ultra-liberalism—that he affects no reputation for
independence of party connexions—and that
he consequently cannot expect the suffrages of
those who are hostile to the present Adminis-
tration.- Though his known principles, his
talents, his fortune, "and his exertions in the
cause of reform, might have entitled him to the
support of the new constituency which reform
has created in the county, he has not been
afraid to hazard his success by adding the title
of public servant to his other claims, and has
not shrunk from wearing the badge of a candi-
date for a county over the costume of a Lord
Commissioner of the Treasury. In this there
is both boldness and honesty, nor can his cause
be disparaged by his being called a placeman in
a Government the principles of Which he has
zealously supported without - the prospect of
office or emolument. If the Tories, after they
t hear of his recent appointment, intend to de-
claim against him as a placeman, they ought to
recollect in what character their present idol Sir
George Murray appeared when he solicited their
suffrages in letters from the Colonial-office. On
the other hand, his antagonist, Sir George,
appears to us in his address less straight-
forward, manly, and explicit, than his
high character would have led us to ex-
pect. Without remembering his recent opposi-
tion to reform, or his present party connexions,
the unwary freeholder of Perthshire might al-
most take him for a Liberal. How he has
arranged his new professions with his old friends,
we are at a loss to conjecture, but the reform
constituency of that enlightened county cannot
be deceived by either the one or the other.
Sir George is a man of a cultivated under-
standing and a liberal spirit, and therefore alive
to the progress of the age ; but the faction who
are endeavouring to make him their instrument
on the present occasion, are as much opposed
to the principles of popular government and of
improvement in our national institutions as in
the most despotic and corrupt days of the Dun-
das reign. With this fact we believe that the
people of Perthshire are too well acquainted to
trust the Janus-faced monstrosity of professed
liberalism in the candidate, with rank Toryism
in his chief supporters. In lending their zealous
aid to reinstate Sir George Murray in the re-
presentation for Perthshire, after he has re-
nounced so many of their errors, or hurt so many
of their prejudices, the Tories of that county
can only have one or two objects in view. They
have either the selfish folly to expect that their
faction will again slip into power, and that their
favoured candidate will thus resume his former
seat in the Cabinet, with the power of dispensing
patronage in their favour—or, being hostile to
all political improvement, they wish to inter-
rupt the course or to embarrass the proceedings
of the present Government by sending to the
House of Commons an able party opponent.
This view of the case cannot be gainsaid by
those who know anything of the Tory party in
that district of the island. Whether, therefore,
Mr. Graham had accepted of office or not be-
fore he appeared as a candidate, the contest
would have had the same character and the
same issue. It would have still been a
struggle between the friends and the enemies
of the present Administration—between the
authors and the adversaries of the Reform
Bill—between the rump of the Melville
oligarchy' and the , enlightened body of the
middle classes whom that oligarchy had insulted
and oppressed. There is no tiers parti among
the agricultural voters of the great landed pro-
prietors at the foot of the Grampians. They
care nothing for radical or speculative principles
or opinions, and only regard the ensuing con-
test as a trial of strength between the partisans
of the two sorts of government which they have
personally and practically experienced. Before
the Reform Bill the constituency of Perthshire,
including the possessors of the paper-freeholds,
which might be held by bankers in Lombard-
street, without possessing a foot of land north
pf the Tweed, amounted to less than 250. By
hot great act the number of electors has been
raised to about 3,200. Thus nearly 3,000
voters are indebted for their franchises, or their
privilege of choosing their representative, to a
bill which was carried through parliament, by
the present administration, to which Mr. Gra-
ham belongs, and opposed by Sir G. Murray
dud his electoral monopolists. Can the new
constituency whose claims were thus supported
and thus opposed hesitate a moment in making
their choice between two such candidates ?
Gratitude and consistency forbid the disgraceful
and degrading suspicion.— Times.
A sort of counterpart to the case in the East.
Riding of Yorkshire, of a demand for 'personal
tithe, made by a clergyman on a number of
labourers, who were, by another clergyman and
magistrate, committed to prison, has just occur-
red at Feversham. . We have given the case in
.7nother column, from the Kent Herald. Wil-
liam Waters, a labourer in the employ of Mr.
Neaine, of Rushett, an industrious man, who
has a wife and six small children dependant on
his earnings for daily subsistence, and who is in
the receipt of 15s. weekly of wages, 2s. of which
lie leaves in the hands of his employer for the
rent of his cottage, was summoned by the Rev.
Wm. Henry Crawford, vicar of Linstead, for
the recovery of the small tithes of his wages.
" It appeared (says the account), on the oath
of Mr. Frost, the vicar's agent, that the poor
man owed the sum of four shillings, for two
years' tithe—that he (Frost) had never de-
manded it of Waters, but that he had only once
asked Waters's wife for it, and that she was
unable to pay it." Waters, it appears, lived
three years in Linstead, and paid the first year's
tithe, and would have paid the other two years
had Mr. Frost demanded it. The pro-
ceedings against Waters were, it appears, invalid,
and withdrawn ; so that Waters was allowed to
escape,. on payment of his two years' tithe, with-
out costs. Kent has always been famous for
clergymen skilled in the ecclesiastical law ; and
as the Marquis of Camden takes care that there

shall be no lack of clerical magistrates, the
recommendation of one of the church autho-
rities (Johnson of Cranbrook), author of ' The
Clergyman's Vademecum, &c., will no doubt
be attended to. " Justices of Peace (he says,
in the genuine apostolical spirit), that love the
church and clergy, have great opportunities
given them of doing them right by stat. 7'and
8 W. 111., c. 6, being an act for the more easy
recovery of small tithes (which is perpetuated
by an act of his late Majesty). Though
tithe only is mentioned in the title, yet in the
body of the act, oblations, offerings, &c., are
provided for. An admirable law if well exe-
cuted." The Rev. John Johnson is quite in-
dignant that it should be thought Dissenters are
exempted. "If (says lie) the notion be ad-
mitted' that offerings are due upon account of
receiving the Sacrament, then the Dissenter has
a pretence for not paying them. For he must
say, that if he be not obliged to receive the
Sacrament of the legal incumbent, then he can-
not be obliged to pay any duty to him on that
account. I think it might as fairly be argued, that
since he is not obliged to attend any ministra-
tions of the legal incumbent, that therefore he
is not bound to pay him any church dues. But
it will be answered, the act of toleration obviates
this argument by binding him to pay his tithes,
notwithstanding this toleration ; not only tithes„
but all other dues ; for so says the statute, viz.,
Nothing herein contained shall exempt any
persons from paying tithes or any other dues to
the church or minister ;' therefore not for offer-
ings due upon churching women ; kir if those
only who are actually churched must 'par, 'then
the church is a loser by women being left to
their discretion in this particular, as before they-
were not." In this case Waters escaped, be-
cause,-in order to claim the remedy afforded by
proceeding under the admirable law, a demand
must first be made, and it was not here proved
that a demand had been made. But the above
writer repels with great indignation the idea
that it is necessary to make a demand before
proceeding in an ecclesiastical court. "It is
not necessary (he says) that the incumbent do
demand his tithes, or satisfaction for them, be-
fore he commence his suit, except he proceed
before the justice of peace. I have, indeed,
heard that the last Dean of the Arches and
Vicar-General would not permitprocess for tithes
till a demand was first made ; but in this I sup-
pose his judgment was singular. However, it is
certain such demand is not necessary for him that
sues in the Exchequer." The Rev. Dr. Doyle,
we remember, observed on one occasion, that
the Church of England had inherited from the
Church of Rome her admirable system of Ec-
clesiastical Law.- Behold the fruits. The
truth is, the people are unaware of the extent
of the legal annoyance which the parson can
give them. We are unwilling to believe—not-
withstanding among a people so grossly igno-
rant as a great part of the English peasantry
unquestionably are (thanks to the care of the
Church), many things may take place of which
no account transpires--that personal tithe is
generally demanded from labourers. But, as
Jeremy Bentham observes, what a state is his
who is at the mercy of any one who chooses to
put an oppressive sleeping law in force against
him ! Any one who chooses to rummage may
discover sleeping laws in abundance ; and if he
can also find obliging magistrates (one parson
will always oblige another—asinus asinunz
fricat), he may trounce his victims. The Rev.
Mr. Crawford admitted that though Waters
had paid him one 'year's personal tithe, and
though he had sued him for two years, he had
never seen his face. This is being a good
shepherd ; and this is the great advantage
which religion derives from an establishment in
which the pastors are quite independent of the
flock.—Morning Chronicle.
Advice is proverbially a cheap article ; it is,
therefore, a most plentiful one ; so much so that
even those who are too selfish to offer any other
assistance, are seldom known to refuse—their
advice. But the worst of it is that, as every
one feels anxious to relieve the intellectual
necessities of his neighbour, the disposition has
a strong tendency to counteract its own purpose ;
for when all sorts of persons volunteer to give
advice, it follows, as a matter of course, that all
sorts of advice will be given. The Trades'
Unions appear to us to be standing at the pre-
sent moment in a predicament of this kind.
They receive the most opposite counsel from
opposite parties as to the course which they
ought to pursue ; so that whatever way their
own judgments or feelings may incline, they have
authority at hand to support them. For
our own parts, we have still confidence enough
in the natural good sense of Englishmen
to expect that they will be able to see
their way through. all those contrarities, and
to avoid the peril into which some of their
pretended friends would have them rush in de-
fiance of all conequences. We observe that.
even the most violent of the journals which are
urging them to extremes, advise them to abstain
from oaths, in order to avoid the penal conse-
quences. But the same journals do not advise
them to abstain from those acts of tyranny, and
from that interference with the free agency of
their fellow-workmen, which makes terrorism
the main-spring of their operations, and exhibits
them to the world in the inconsistent character
of oppressors, who complain of what they prac-
tise themselves. However, as we said before,
whether they go right or wrong, it Will not be
for the want of advice. But there is another
party to whom, as we conceive, a little advice in
the present. crisis is quite as requisite as to the
members of unions—we mean the members of
the government. It would, perhaps, tend to
throw a light upon the real objects of the
Unionists and their supporters among the press,
if the latter would take upon themselves the task
of advising the government in this emergency.
Would they have them sanction the unions
in the sort of conscription by which they con-
trive to recruit their ranks and keep up a spirit
of feverish excitement, to the great injury of all
branches of trade, and the ruin of their own in-
dividual prospects. The science of Govern-
ment must be in its infancy, indeed, if it be true,
that the great mass of society, the many and
not the few, ought to direct its evolutions, for
the basis of the science as hitherto taught has
been founded on the contrary assumption. But
whether the trades' unions assent to this or not,
Ministers, we presume, will adhere to the old
doctrine, at least until they hear better reasons
for surrendering it than the violent proceedings
of the unionists can supply. But cheap as ad-
vice is, and prone as mankind are to come to
each other's assistance when such a commodity
appears to be wanted, we doubt whether the
unionists, or any other body, would undertake
to admonish Ministers in so difficult a case,' as
how to put down a power which they them-
selves were the first to raise into importance.
—Morning Herald.

POLICE INTELLIGENCE.
