THE KING'S ANSWER.

Lord ALTHORP brought up his Majesty's gracious
Answer to the Address that had been voted to him by the
House, and which was in these worda

" I hee received with great satisfaction the . ex-
pressien of your concurrence in the policy I have
pursued in reference to the affairs of Portugal ; and
ru may be assured that I shall continue to act in
the same way, and will neglect no opportunity to
we, all the influence that is within my power, as soon as
possible, usefully and honourably, to put an end to all the
differences that now exist in that unhappy country."
Upon the motion of Lord JOHN RUSSELL, the Staf-
ford Bribery Bill was referred to a Committee of the House.
Mr. A. RARING wished to know why, when the
Noble Lord (Russell) had brought in a general Bill on the
subject of bribery at elections, the Stafford Bill should not
be referred to the same Committee up stairs? He saw
no reason why it should not await the general legislation
of the: House on the -subject ; there could be no possible
advantage in having a special proceeding in reference to
Stafford. • -

Lord J. RITSSELL said, if his Bill had passed last
session it would have.embraced the Stafford case ; but he
did not know whether his Right Hon. Friend would be
willing to refer that case to the Committee, as he was al-
ready-prepared to -go on with his special inquiry. The
Noble Lord took that opportunity of stating, as he un-
derstood some expressioos of his had given off..-nee the
other night, that-he meant in no way to cast any imputa-
tion on Sir J. Campbell.
Lord OXIIIANTOWN postponed-his motion relative to
the Dublin and Kingstown Railway Bill, till Wednesday
next.
Lord ALTHORP moved the order of the day for the
House resolving into a.Committee of the whole House on'
the Colonial. Slavery Resolutions.
Mr. COBBETT put questions to the Noble Lord, rela-
tive to the number of the branch banks ; and whether it
was intended to limit them in their issues? also whether
there would be any proviso enabling the depositors in
savings bank to be paid on demand in gold?
Lajd ALTHORP said there would be great difficulty
in specifying at present the number of branch banks. As
to the savings' banks' provision, it was altogether a matter
of detail with which the House should deal as it

might think expedient. For his part, he certainly had not
intended, the amounts being very small, to introduce any
such provision.
Mr. C. FERGUSSON inquired whether bank-notes
were to be received as legal tender in payment of country
notes only, or also of debts generally ?
Lord ALTHORP was understood to say that they
would constitute a legal tender for both purposes.
Mr.C. FERGUSSON then declared he should strenu-
ouq oppose that part of the Noble Lord's proposition.
Colonel PERCEVAL wished to know whether the
Hon. Member for the county of Cork intended to persevere
in his inm ion for a typeol of the Legislative Union ?
Mr. F. O'CONNOR said he had given notice of his
motio❑ for the 26th inst., and he certainly intended to
persevere with it.
The CHAIRMAN having read the third resolution,
Mr. BUXTON said no person felt more sincerely
the obligations which the cauge owed to his Majesty's
Government; they had stated their opinions and ad-

advanced their arguments, and they had placed the cause in
an entirely new situation ; they had, in fact, done more
towards the advancement of the cause than all former
Governments had. He wished to take this opportunity of
addressing the House on certain points of great importance
connected with the subject. He could assure the House that
no g,ntlemin could 11,• ye a greater knowledge of the im-
portance of this quesion than him,elf. One Hon. Alvmber
had stated that it the measures passed, in less than twelve
months the abolitionists would be held up to execration, and
another threatened us with rebellion, and the loss of the
colonies. No man would dread such consequences more
than himself, but the welfare of millions of human beings
was at st,ke, and sure he was that if they did not

pass such a measure as would abolish slavery, there might
be great danger of a rebellion. On the other hand, the
Hon. Member for Essex had told them what they had to
expect from the measure—viz., a preventive of insur-
rection. As to the probability of losing the colo-
nies, they would not be lost if the measures now
in progress were carried through the Legislature.—( Hear.)
It had been said that several plans had been developed in
that House; but all he could say was, that he had dis-
covered no plan that went directly to the question, and he
distrusted all plans, all discussions and theories, but the
simple common operations of nature. On the subject of
wages, it was his intention to enter into some length—
indeed it was the only one to which he should confine •
himself; especially as his name anti his calculations had
been frequently mentioned in connexion with that part of
the subject. The Hon. Member for Middlesex had come
down to the House with his case, and what was that ?
Why, that the question only affected the existence
of 800,000 slaves, and that the flagging of soldiers was a
master much more worthy of the consideration of the
Legislature. He had, however, greatly exaggerated the
amount of punishments in • the army, even beyond his
usual exaggerations, for he had said that there were 458,000
lashes inflicted in a year.
Mr. HUME—I spoke from official returns.
Mr. BUXTON said, that as tile Hon. Member had
declared that he spoke from official returns, he must, of
course, give up
any argument founded upon a contrary
assumption. The Hon. Member for Essex he would next
mention ; that Hon. Member had advised the House to
have a sprinkling of freedom and slavery through the
colonies.
Mr. BARING begged to deny that be had proposed
anything like a sprinkling of slavery and freedom in the
colonies. What he had advised was to try the effects of
emancipation in one of the colonies first, and then, if found
practical, to extend it further. He never had aoy idea of
