A SAVING OF FRONI, en TO :3.) Ppi.

........ _ _
E AT 11ERS, BEDS, MATTRESSES, PAL-
Jlt JL LI, SSES, BEDSTEADS, SOF4I.S; COUCH ES,:
CHAIRS, FLOCKS, Sce. Retail, at the tslatitifacturers'
Pricesuthe Trade, for Ready Money. TIMOTHY'S
Cheap :Warehouse and Extensive Manufactory, No. SO,
BARBICAN, One Door from Red Cross-street, Wholesale,
Rod, and fur Exportation. The Manufacturer pledges
himself to convince the most incredulous, by a single Trial;
the great hdvantagcs Ready Money possesses. Every article
i, !Wilted in plain figures, and warranted perfect at the
lime.:l price, sr/ finda:Child maybe served its Well 'lts the
nom competent Judge, It being the sole abject of the Pro.
pvietor lii ciersire the approbation and future favours of his
Uastunieri., b} sellivg go articles at small profit.

. ,
IDLD Ft:A.IIIEO4 WAI'itiANTED PREY. l'ltOhl DUST Oft SMELL.
White Got),(.. Heathers, is. oil. Flock Beds: 105. to Sts.
-and tipsy:n-11s. NLittre..ses and Palliasses,
dire( fioase - tOs. and uparitds.
l'iio lAA y * - is. Od.- Wool and Hair Mattresses
. os. 3d. equally cheap.
Wt. Goose Beds, el. lOs. to 81. Bedsteads; It S. and upwards,
rey t;o0ic.11. 155. tu 41.105. Sea Bedding of every de•
eaaltry 11. as. upwards. scription.
Bead), made II I s sold at 'rime Cost, with fea-
11,10ss and all Purchasers of Feathers may see their Ticks
!"-1101 frOto the stove, Oki Beds dressed, Hair Mattresses
tireil front the Moth, by a superior process, and re-made on
feationahle Tv' ins.
3Y)iirtoa t•ati ions and Fornittires cat out and made up in
'the iieWi,:st 11104 apprOved Fashion.
Me4'l""l', Calstitinsi Upholsterers, Brokers, Tavern-
keepers, Proprietors of Schools, &c. will experience a Petit
SAthig f)) ismadlaSlll4 Al No. 30, BARBICAN.

LILWALLIS IMPROVED COCOA
• . . PASTE. •
Warranted to keep.
The Nutritious and Strengthening Properties of COCOA
are so well known as to need no panegyric; and its frequent
rectimitiviniatiou by MEDICAL. GENTLEMEN to persiitit
of 4elicate habits, fully testifies its Worth : but the trouble
and difficulty of making It, by the usual method, have pre-
vented its extensive usetultieis. The facility, however; af-
forded by the -above superior Pteparationswill be obvious,
when it is considered, that it needi'only the addition of
Boiling Witt et, instantly to produce Cocoa of a delicious and
inipruVed Flavour i and it will he found out only a pleasant
13 reakfalt Beverage, but equally advantageous fur
M EItCHANTS, TRAVELLERS, CAPTAINS,
,COUNTING-
HOUSES, INNKEEPERS,

Also, a Specific to prevent Sea Sickness.
Ore Pated and Sold by 11.1.11AVALL, $2, Bishopsgate

11RI:CTI4NS FOR VBiNiO.

On one tra-sputitatil tif .the Paste pour atca.cup.ftlli ut
boiling Witter, Stir it *ell, attilitig a little sugar.

AXE INN, A LDERMANBURY:
A NEW and Elegant
ilk. POST. COACH, THE ENTERPRIZE, upon an
proved principle, from the. aboVe' Inn, every day .0 FIVE
o'Cloek. precisely, atid arrives at the PALACE and TALBOT
Inn, in MANCHESTER, the following Afternoon, at a (,?uar...
ter past Five. No change of Coaches. Only FOUR COACH-
MEN and ONE CIU. RD throughout.
ROUTE.—STONEY • sTanloonD, COVENTRY,
NUNEATON, A TH ERSTONE,TA &MORT'', LITCH-
FIELD, STONE, NEWCASTLE, CONOLETON, MAC.
MESPIELD, AND STOCKPORT.
Coadlies to BIRMINGHAM, CHESTER, and LIVER-
POOL,. every Afternoon, at FlVE.—Passengers can proceed
to all ports of the North, the following Morning, by the CAR.
LISI/1:1 COACHES,. which will arrive in time for the WIN:,
QLASUOW, and PORT PATRICK MAILS.
The Proprietors, 'Messrs.. HO LT 'anti Co. beg leaVe to re.
commend this line of Road, which leads through the rich and
delightful Counties of Warwick and Stafford, passing many
Noblemen's Seats; among which are those of the 31arquis of
4tatford, Lords Anson, Talbot, Harrowby, &c. and avoids
the steep and dangerous hills of Derbyshire.
N.B. Canal Conveyance front the Axe inn, Aldermsnbury,
to all parts of England.
tt Very superior acConunodation at the above Inn for Oen-
'mien and Families visiting London.

PARLI A MENT.

110 USE OF LORDS, MAIICII 7.

nANKING SVSTEAI OF SCOTLAND.
The Duke of ATHOL presented a petition front the Inha-
bitants Mannfacturers, Linen atid Calico Bleachers, and others,
of the City of Perth, against any alteration In the Banking
System in Scotland.
The Earl of GLASGOW presented a petitkin to the same
effect from the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants
of the County of Ayr.—Laid on the table.

_
CORN I 4 WS.
Earl OROSVENOR, on the part of the Lord Lietttenant of
the County of Suffolk (Duke of Grafton) presented petitions
against any alteration in the Corn haws, from the Landowners
and Occupiers of the Hundred of Hishridge, in the County of
Stlffblk ; and from Cosworth, in the same county.—Laid on the
table

CIUJELTY 'TO ANIMALS.
Earl GROSVENOR presented a petition from the Inhabi-
tants of the PoriSties of St. Margaret's and St. John's West-
'Milker, against Beat-baiting and other cruel sports.
Lord:Alp obServcd, that great credit was due to the humanity
of an lion Cientleman elsewhere, who, although he was in
wore points mistaken, was Justly entitled to praise for his per-
severanee and exertions Upon this subject.—Laid on the table.

upon tor,
• USURY LAWS.
Enri GROSVENOR presented a petition from the Mer..
chants, Brokers, anti otheri of Liverpool,' praying the repeal of
the Usury Laws. With respect to the argument hi support of
the proposition for their repeal, he should remain silent, as he
conceived those of the, petitioners most convincing. In moving
thatthc petition be read, he shottid only say that this appeared
a time most fittitig for the removal of those restrictions ; he,
hoWever, hoped that if -repealed, that measure would be only
prospective; so as notto endanger of upset any arrangenients
which were now in existence.
The Earl of LIMERICK differed 'fiery Mitch limn the Noble
Earl as to this being a proper time for the effacing of such a
measure its that contemplated by the petitioners. Th2re was no
time more inapt, no time when such a measure was more likely
to be ruinous to the landed and commercial interest, who seem-
ed to be opposed to each other, although their interest* were in
reality the same. ' •
The petition was then read and laid on the table. -
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. ST u mur o Ix Y.,' and other Members, brought up
several Private Bills. •
PAPERS AND ACCOUNTS.
Mr. lll.7#llEsos, from the Bank of England, presented ac-
counts of the Market Price of Gold, and -of the rates of Ex-
changes upon Hamburgh, -Lisbon, and Paris, 'for the month of.
February, 111013.
Mr. TOMLIN*, from the Treasury presented an Account of
the Addition to the Annual Charge of the Public -Debt and
Expenditure.
IRELAND.
The Earl of KINGSTON presented a petition Troth the In.
habitants of the County of Cork, north of the 'Backwater, com-
plaining of the conduct of the Excise Department, in stopping
the navigation of the rivers Blackwater and Bride, whereby
the petitioners were deprived of the natural advantages of
flamed in
the .eount,ryi and chief Mayan( of life—coals—was
greatly en
_ Value, from the obstruction of water
carriage. _

• Read and laid on the table.
The Earl of KINGSTON then mirfed for a return of the in-
formations against Illurphy anti Googan, who were implicated
in the charge for the murder of the. Frank's family in 1023.
ThO Earl-of LIVERPOOL had no objection to the motion,
hut would say, that such a motion Was unusual without assign-
ing some reasons to the House,. for ordering them•
The Earl of KINGSTON said, that though he did move for
them, lie believed no such intOrmations were in existence.—

Xlie•fatt- was, thesetwo-men item taken up on suspicion, antl.,
imprisoned for live.mopths in a Military guard-house, by tite
peace-preservation officer. The result was, that they were dis-,
Charged withitut exiilkriatlim,7but iio harrassed were they, that
one went to America, and the other lost his farm and was
beggared._
ESTABLISHED cHown IN IRELAND.
The Earl of KINGSTON presenteda petition from the Pro.,
testant Intabitants of the Parish of Kilbenning, hi the County.
of Limerick, and Arelibishoprick. of Cashel, praying that a
Church should be erected in their *NI). The petitioners stat--
. ed, that they had applied to the Archbishop of Cashel, to re-
quire from the Board of First Fruits in Ireland, a sum for that
purpose, but their application had- not been complied with.-
4 They complained that-they belonged fir the Established Church
in Ireland, but that they knew aim- existence in their p.trish
only by the visits Of the tithe pioetor, who never tailed to re-
-mind them of it: that severalof..theif number, sooner than
not have any religion at all, wore obliged to attend Roman Ca-
tholic places of Worship, and reeeiie the sacrament after their
ntanner. That, while they dailysaw the Catholic Priests per-
, funning the most laborious duties, the petitioners had neither
Clergyman to attend, nor a house worship to go into, an('
claimed that, as they paid and rteagnisett the right to tithes,
.they should also- have tt return for thi sums thus taken from
them.

The Bishop of FERNS said, that the petitioners seemed to
be undej.4 mistake,' both as io the poWer of the Archbishop of
Cashel and those Of the Board of First Fruits. Front 'the state
of the country for the last three years, the ftinds of the Board of
First Fruits had not exceeded in the last year the aim of 20004
There was no money at their disposal upon the application Of
the Archbishop, and he was therefore fully excused -front any
neglect. There had been a similar application from a parish in
his (the Bishop of Ferns) diocese, in which there were five hun-
dred Protestants, which the Board of First Fruits were com-
pelled to refuse front the want of the means of corriplYing, with
it, and of course the erection of it church was postponed, There
bad been such a destruction of rburtfitca in Ireland, in the very
ankettled fifties which had occurred from 1315 to the Resttird-
tion, indeed up to the year 1709, that the sums at the.dieposal
of the Board of First Fruits, for their restoration, and for the
'Purchase of glebes, could not possibly, besuilicient. Ins Lord-
ship then referred tethe accounts of a legal Visitation held (we'
believe) in 10115, when in one diocese there were twenty churches
reported to be standing, and in 1715 there was only, one. _MC.
'akefield, in his Statistical Survey, a book much quoted,
stated that there.v.'cre four hundred benefices in Ireland which
had no glebe; and the fact really was, that there were fourteen
hundred parishes in Ireland which had no glebe. It Was true,
that formerly erery parish in Ireisnd had a glebe i • but from the
disturbed state of that country fin a long period during the
wars, the church property was not regarfied, the boundaries
were defaced, and. the only evidence left were the entrleli In the
King's books.• It. however happened that those entries were riot
evidence to prove inch it possession in the church es would en-
able it at the present day to swilled in action of ejectment.
'The Earl or KINOSTON luta, that as there was no tlind4,
there wits no allegation againkt the Archbishop of Cashel.
This,boweter, Was proved, that' the number of churches *ay
insuffiCient-in -the sotith' cif Ireland, end he would, thtrefore,
wove for an inquiry into the suate.of the cherches in that part of
the country.
The petition was then rend, which, in addition to the stint
nutty of it given in the Noble Earl'S speech, complained of the
union of parishes, which gave great benefice,: ofelergymen
never saw their flocks, end spent their money at a dishoice....4
Laid'on the table.

The Earl of KINGSTON then indented another Petition
from the itoman Catholics of the Mme pariah in support tit the
prayer of their Protestant neighboUrs. The petition stilted,
that front the good will and harmony Which existed between
the petitiOners ittul their Protestant brethren, they were anxious
that the former should have the benefit of their own teligiOn,
as from not being instructed 'in that of Alto petitioners, they
could not appreciate, so as to join in it: :-.That. they paid the
tithes as they were bound by law to do, WI regretted that by
the present system the mbney taken from Ahern MIS not spent
arntingst thent ; that absentee persons were 'hits injurious to
than, though they were not of their pc rswision.
Laid on the table. •

• His Lordship then gave notice that he would Moire for an
inquiry into the acute of the rnevatant Church south of
hard cm Thursday..
1. he Earl of DARNLEY gal.], he had t ))ctition for some
time lu his possession, which )n would take an opiloriunity to,
present upon that day. It was from a numerous And reap4t.
able body of Roman Catlngies,

The tail of MOUNT 'l3l)tit:Ct.l'M BE (we bellei,e) pie.
sented pttitions froin Deemboon and its vicinity, in the
County of Devon, and from Penryn, IVestloo, and /Wroth,
rot the Abolition of Slavaky.
Earl OtthBvENoll., from Alilksham, in Wilts, to the same
effect.
The Doke of Gi.ober.sTrri, from King lidWarti'S and
soffit; other parish-•in the County or Aberdeen, on the mune
Subject.
The Bishop of iiprotriELD:thacc iv I‘`,N TRY present-
ed a similar petition from the Noblemen; Gentry, and Clergy
Of the County -or:Raiford.- tie thought that necessary eanipul.
sip should be resorted to, but not Willo,lit con ipensa t icin.
Bishop of BATH and WEI, ts to the same etreet, front
4,6 f
Chan ,in the county of Somerset. • ' ' _ —..

The Matt%) of 'Uri. Similar from the City of Cliestet,
and the town of Satikon Walden.

The Earl of StiArTtantittV., Lard cALTuottrE, and' an-
other Nolde Lord, whose name we eoulti not learn, presented
petitions to the same effect.
The Alarquis of LA NS DOW N had several petitionsaiptin
the same subject, but would not anticipate the subject of de-
bate by . any observations. lie then presented petitions from
Trowbridgv. ,in NViltshire, from iltitiport liersetshire, end
front Tunbridge and Iletralston,—laniil Olt the tattle.
latird DITDIAV and .WARD had a petition to present from
the Agents of certain of the West India Islands. They enter-
titlfied feitte that tiegio emancipatiOn wotild be unuccomranicd
With compensation to the owners of such property. If it were
so they shoeldsitionit, hue could not help thinking ..tich-rt
suti'woUld be a gross and palpable injustice. Whatever might
havi, been the original foundation of that property, it Was one
guarantied by the Legislature, and recognised during ten reigns
'-and forty Parliament.:' -Now, hofrever, a new view seemed to
have been taken, viz, to make the Colonists pay the penalty fur
(lime in which the country has equally 118E6f:1100. Tne pc-
tition was then read anti laid on :the table.

COLONIAL. SLAVERY.
The Order of the Day tin agreeing; to the Resolutions passed
by the Commons in 1 023 hating boot read, as well as the Re-
solutions themseltoi,
Earl BATHURST said, that he should trouble the House
with but few observations; for in piiint of fact the restlthilloll4i
in which he should call upon their I andribips to concur, had
already been in some measure hetiire them. Twayears ago he
Incd had the honour to present them With an Order in Council
for improving, the condition of slaves m the West Indies.
He had then stated that (triter to be foontied on, the 'present
resolutions which he lord read front a ropy. similar to that now.
handed by the other House. Ile bad had the satisholort
not to hear any objection whatever, runt 'what bad been done
had been done with etotiplete uturinatity. 'Phis unanimity
had inspired him with aggiatttell confidence, whilto
the Order in Council to the Il'est.ll2dies4nd Ole
don of the Colonial Assemblies to tt. Their noty.
ever, must be aware that two or three appeals bad been iniidc
the begistattire of the Colonies without the wished-tar sec.:,
for with the eteeption of Trinidad, St. Vincent's, and I nom -
nice, none of the islands hail, carried its recoutiten,lations
into effect. In the former, two important enactments hail been
passed ; the one laying on the person who claimed it slave, the
onus erohanilii that he really was his slave, and the other placing
the slave on the dial precisely on the same footing as the white:
With respect to Jamaica, two measures had also been adopted
by the Legteletute of that island ; one for protecting Alves
.
from arrest tvitilst going to market on Saturdays, and the outer
tllr,elitillifiteattniotie
etber
famrt:niourrlienbilymrourtntoti
to admit the evidence af slaves. I le was sorry to
sal
slat ea hud been rejected in lltta,t; by an overpowering majority.
It had been re-introduced the follovviog year, however, tthtlot
more favourable auspiees,having been releireti to a Comniittic,'
who reported that a was necessary to Pms such 1, asln
conseratence of the want of it, great cruelties committed by
tern; had remained unpunished. VI" Rill preen feiec(ed
by a majority of 23 to I 3 ; but there was every reason to In,
lieve that most persons or the highest Coniciitirution hi the (11).
pony were favourable to the measure. The present Asseittily
would
mitre now be
might be untertained, that on a third -attam B
pt the ut
attached great importance. It was that by which Bishops hid' twsndeciilitolessry oei.t4 T ait:lre atunher calledtogeditr
wise trustier treasure to which lie hope"

• been established at Jamaica:olin the Leeward Islands. Inahe•,
former, many lests Which would-have. interfered with the
Bishops' aUdiorits, had been abrogated; the ,;upends paid to.
Rectors had been increased, and made independent of the deeis.',
Kiwis of Vestries, to which. they were previously submitted-
Parishes had also been enabled to raise within themselves funds
for building or enlarging Churches ; . and whilst many
duals subscribed large sums for that purpose, Others maintained
ministers at their own expense, to instruct their slaves in re-
ligious matters. With respect to
.Barhadoci,• ne sooner had
the Biihop arrived, when he visited all the Lee Wed Islands,
and received from .nil their .Assemblietievery encatragement to
carry into effect the system which he had formed to give reli. •
glints instructions to the slaves. In nine pari4lie9; containing
317 plantations, one hundred and thirty of these were under
the religioui instruction of inifatirs of toe Church of England,
or of teachers acting under the Bishop'S authority. Minisr.
there was such a general disposition to instruct slaves • in reit.;
pious matters, he had seen, with deep regret, petitiona.eircu-:
lewd and presented to that House, in wineh it wets stated that
slavery was forbidden by, and incompatible with the Christian
Religion. He was not prepared to agtee in that Opinion. It
was not against the powers that were, nut-against the unchuri;
table eXercise of any power that-the injunctioni-of, thC. 'Gospel
were directed. But when the surest tiiundation of the tilutnate
übolition of slavery rested on Christian initruction,•wits it a
judiciOus argument, an ciusaging copaiderAtitin, a happy expe.
dient, to induce the planters to give religious fitstrUction to their
slaves, to tell them that if they embraced the Chtiktian Reli-
gion it would rteaeh them that dm power of their nristers was
an unjust and o:lawful one, however mildly it might be
ciscd ? Hating stated what hadbeen dune, :vat what lei't undone,
he should no* eltplain what cotirse• his Majesty's Government
intended to pursue. The resolutions embraced two .objects :
one the improvement of the condition of Slaves, the other the
gradual extinction of slavery, with a due regard to the cocoons
sations which might appear requisite. The Order in Council
embraced the first : it was 110 W intended to embrace tinder (lit'_
ferent lteads all that related to the protection of the person, the
property, the morals, religion, the admission to give evidence,
and the manumission of slaves, whether by consent or under
appraisement. When :-these measures should have passed the
Imperial Parliament, they would is: sent to the Colonial Goiern_
ments to be shaped in the manner most consonant with the
formic and laws already in force in those islands. ..They would
be thus separately and 'di4tinctly brdught tinder the'consideras
don of the various Colonial liegislatureS, in order to have their
opinion upon them, and that they might he adopted, frhered,
modified, or altogether rejected as they Might t link proper.•
That they should be rejected he did nut believe would be the
case, but if thet Were, it would then be for 'their Lordships'
merlons consideiation to tee What course they should adopt, in
order to cause them to be • carried into effect.. In the event of
their Lordships' concurring ih the presentreSolutions, they would
be sent to the Governors of die West India Islands. They hart
already melted she implied assent, they would-note have the
direct sanction of their Lordships, and the tithe which had
elapsed between those two stages would allow that they did not
prcirectl Profit the momentary emotion Which eloquence might
Create in Wpoptdar assembly, but frsim grave and serious
beration. The Noble Earl then movra that the !louse do agree
to the Itekilu dons.

Lord pAIiffIORPE had it painful titti:tito pcifilfrn in 0ft.,?...
log his opposition to the tithes w hick the Noble Secretary
had unhounced as being in cenitemplation. Hit objections to
'theM were less, however, than to part Of the Resolutionit coin-
.ltninicatett to die House. If the Colonial Legislatures had
shown a spirit of Unaccountable resistance to his Majesty'a Yu.
eernincnt; it did not proceed from the tune in Which the meastitea
had been recommended to them by the Noble Secretary. The
point which he Meant to ptess Upon the House, however, was
this: Whether, cOnsidering what was the system of slavery
proved to eXist, by the confession anilltingpge of the Menilierit
of the Colonial Assemblies thentSehes, and 'considering also the
general feelings of the country aint of Parliament; it became the
dignity of the House W adopt so Cold a mode of eipressing iti
sense of the obligation iindet Which it lay tti pin an end to that
sy !tt:11) as aueiely tOdedaretlik it Was expedient to doso? Another
reselittion, he understbuti, had been prvpOsed in the other house
which had been Adpersedell, but Which went to declare that slave' y
Was repttgliant to the British Constittition and to the Christian
Religion. He agreed with the Noble. Earl opposite, that it
Was nor so mph-gnaw as to be entirely Iln-hidden ; but he con.
fentledlLit it the Whole df the :ejected. Resolution were read,
it wouhl 1,, seen that those who thotight slareik inetimpatkhle
with the Christian Religion, ire not on that iiertiont thsothted
eo rush to Its. ttitatttila ltiithatit taking Into considerathin air
comstanees or Intlithltial tights• on the Ontrtirk, it %vial Id bit
"timid that the Resolution to which he alluded pm:hided .by
recommending the abolition of tflaveryWith nutch expedition
Only as might be found consistent With u tll3e legard to„ the
interests of all parties." That House ottlii to declare thAt it
34 calted upon to put tits end to atiVery bY a more awfdi
patios than expediency. Ilk doing so, it weitild approach nearer
to tie... sehtiments of the people. Ile etintended that the algid-.
talks of the Church, Whom he now saw
,betbre .hint, and who
had- presented pethiiins and concurred in their prayer, could
not agree hi the present t,ilohttions as they Attnal. AL the
sante thtie he admitted that insteatt of Immediate aVolitithi,
which. no tmeciitild or did advocate, it was more contOrmable
with pinticniie, reason, and litimanitY, to haVe.A genval pre.
puration to lit the Negtties tier the enjoynient of ilierty. le
!rated that the lattguage used in the other Hottie t been in-
iitromental in preventing the Colonial AasenthlleA.ftten ear:sing
into cited the recommendations of the GoVetnment, as it have
them the most ready excuse ftir their resistatite, Ileiog Un-
willing to disturb the magnanimity Of Parliainent, he ticarcely
kiiew 1,04, to propose any alteration of the language of the lie.
!'Ati ions. Ile was convinced it did not embilY the whole feel-
ing of
*thne
elitei
it;
4i,41 ounusdet,i r
ignityy if chlry
Ttit.,c4sl tbilttisii
hosed expediency
rineodtieenoenT
as
their
the only principle on which they ought tb act.

Lord EbbENBOROUGH complained of the tardineas 'of
the other llonhe in only sending to their bordships at this pe.
riod, Resolutions which they had passed needy three year"up). The great question was, in what manner it would be pos.
:nide most early and rapidly to diminish the mass or human mi.
wry ? lie (leotard whether the course now proposed would not
tend to aggravate rather titan to relieve thhat misery. Ile dill
not Nee his way clearly, any more than the Noble Earl who in.
tended to propose the Bins, and he would nut go on blindly,—
The Noble Earl said that the Colonies had made a large provi.
stun ler the Clergy and the instruction (Wide ves ; but in this they
bad only consulted their Own interests, fur by making the nit.
given bidttl,Cll rigitais they made them better slavem. The plant.
era might also know the state of parties at home, and etineeive
'that by conceding a little to tiovernment they would be borne
harmless through die rest, The Noble Lord then contended
that it rota elteurd to propose lime the same thing which had
hided to produce any ellect three years ago. Suppose the Noble
Secretary saw a men, besting his horse, and should.. tell the
,Noble l';ita by bis;sitle, thtcy year:; ago I :CM this eanie indi-
vidual ill use his horse, and I mid him it was expedient to take
measures to prevent •hit doing so. I have reason to lielieVe that
he has continued liit4 ill treat ; go and repeat ;o Mot what I told
him then." The Noble Earl would tusk, " What ether had
it lt" " Oh, he laughed at me, abused me, and went on Hog-
ging his butte." Then the Noble Earl assuredly Nay,
" I tven't do I%) loutish a thine as you bid toe. it you are
posed to take, the man before Hit:hard Vitale or Mr..alartin,
er to' beat hint, yonrsell, very well; but to tell him again what
}ld tin effeet,then .weeild be absurd folly." Such was the course
which the. Noble Secretary was now recommending to he House.
its to tint Planters,: he (leird Ellenborough) hot consider
them as E.,glislinien, but as residents .in this Country. They
were not bliglitianten by edneatien, manners, interests, or pro.
property. 'Their all was in the West indict, anal they ware irt•
capaida to appreciate, to to Cate fent, the teen rat hiding of this
twist, it Lout ;ita
to lay 1.,. 3 me
duty ntinfledolt,::,t,el:retaigtl!,::‘,ttrfilitleeOriltaltlolLl:edgiltio.
country. lie "
l to
their interests. this would be unjust to %Iv islAnds' which
hall ,bursa a niter: L;hri.wtitinspirit..
slaves,. they'.wtttlld ttesttoy than public. Optitittn un which tilt tire
;iuthurity ul the Colonial ~#*t't'tilhlttls rested. Who Ciro would
tql'lriefuNtiobingteititri viTwiladshic'utirltrittilrtint'sit'obvsrbtilt:t;
winp, and to guy., the enlarneat of the 'ttetit,iy., when
their lives WCre :le the ilisopqa of the 1.
impteedide :.to dit anygeod, unless Ft tea
dearly of the rrttistcre.. lilt t utuuld
. by a division
elbititititriflntr:rteYilt eit?trY)::::"i
d to justice in the Colvoies indepeo.
ever small, in wealat'o floc little
ich his
The best Wary would he perhaps to
that the
they would degrade 170tarnel't without Producing any offict.
pluented to the Muse be referrtd se a Committee of the whole

The Earl of LITERPOOL obseried that if the epeed, of
the Noble Lord who lied jest sat down hiefint any thing, it
ineasit that nothing should be done, and that whilst all were
agreed as to the propriety of proceeding es tar 116 it W 34
Bible, no step whatever should be taken. If the NOble Lord
asked why the Resolutions had not been sent to their Lord-
%hips in the year 1823, when they Were passed, he would
frankly Say, that he did not know the reatem lie believed
that, (according to the forme of Parliament) they ought to
Ease been sent, Wit if their delay enabled his Alai:style Go-
vernment to adopt an additional step, lie wee not sorry that
it sttoulil have taken place. 'lnc only question now how
ever, was Whether it was nut desirable to ameliorate the
condition, of slaves by such means us would lead to the ex.
unction of slavery ? On this point there was but one bpi-
Ilion. The Nettle Lord could not deny the those means must
be, instruction in religions duties, education, and the removal
of the whip and those badges which marked slaves as art infe«
rior. race. 'rhea they must be admitted to give evidence, and
ultimately some principle. of rnannmission must be adopted.
The Noble Lord despaired of succeSs.' But many colonies
were under the direction of his Majesty's (jovernment; and in
several of thoSe Whielt had independent leeislatures, an impure
tent part of the recenlmendations of the Older in Council had.
already been (tarried into effect. Did he then look with de»
spondeney upon the result, he ishould still think it the duty of
Parliament to try the course now proposed ; to tell the colo., ,
nists frankly what was witnted, nit! to leave it to them to carry
the measures into eiNet. For it wee insportent that the slaves
should owe all the advantages intended for Meat to the Colo-
nies themhelVes rather than to the authority of the British
Parliament in opposition to the Colonies. We ought not to be
surprised if those whoeu interests, prejudiCes and paseions were
involved in the question should nut travel as fast all we did ;
anti we had a right to give then; ti resunable time to see if they
would not do what Was proper. If they did not, then it would
beeothe necessary for Parlianient to interfere. lie did not
think it prudent or desirable to inY more at present, as he did
not wish to send these Resolutions to the Colonies with a me-
nace -which might embark the point of honour in the question.
Rut having done its duty,by reconithentling the new Act to the
Colonies, he trusted that Perliititietit would be found ready to
do its duty to itself and to astfert its Authority, When the time of
tatting so Should have arrived.
. The I)ttlee of i l.it ;i `CESTER wished that the Resolutions
should have been stronger ; but as they were they should ree
eeave his cordial and warm approbation, for he Was 'intistied that
the Nolte Earl wbuld not call optin the House to adopt them,
if his Majesty'e Goiernotent were nth determined to follow
them up, if necessary, with Measures calculated to give them
etlbct. Ile hoped that the decision of their Lordships would
he unanimous. Ile slso trosied that, vtlittlever measures might
proire necessary, would not be tiel it:ed more than u twelve.
month. If they were net carried into effect; neither Parliament
nor the iteople would be autistied, anti Ministers would not du
their duty to the country nor to Lida.
The lAllt I.) CAA NCCI,I Jen wiahea to say, with respect to
the communication of the Retiolutions at so late a peria,l, that it
would be be infinitely better for either House of Parliament not
to assume SO entirely to itself a legislative chehieter, but to
coninittnititde immediately to each OtilUf they were
doing. To the resolutions themselves lie was reedy to gtve hid
twient. Much had been said abotit the itate of slavery in the
%Vest belies net tieing Consistent NV ftit the genina of the .Britisit
Constitution, but When be reeolleefo anti that system had
been ittstltutttL and patrotii:ed by in Oat titan us Lord
Somers, he in dit be eXcused for Midtatitig before he ed.
nutted that it
.was against aim principle* tif,,the British Con.
M *utton. The genius of Christianity hail Itlfto been invoked
but it systein which for a litittilred years hied existed with the
conetitrenee of the Whole Bench of Ilighops, could not be *it'd
to be so entirely contrary to the teiniit of the Christian relit
gion, as it had been represented to be. ‘Vlien slavery could
be aboliehed with a due regatd to the welLheifig of the slaves,
the safety, of 'the colonies, And the protection of private pro.
perty/, then let It he done. this event, lie was eon.
vineed, had been more retarded by the intetupeiate zeal of
its titlvoeates, than by the ilfsposition of the planters. Not
Malty years age this comitry Was us actively engaged in the
Slave Trade as Any Ilea laid. Men so iiitteit held tip to, public
execration. ;le thought, therefore, they ought to relieve Owen
from thrit :,titre into wide)* they had brought Iberia lie woultl
ask the Noble Lord aluthurst),wliethei the regrilatietis of the
Let tiro years ought not to be reseititleil. lie gi.irc his eoneur.•
resice to the resolutions then tooter the consideration of the
!loose. and he cured at the same dine assure thigh that us far tat
he could go, towardso4l6l6Hr* the tanktilitlink of the slaves,
Ire etatalnly would. fib, exertions should nut be paralyzed its
the fear Butt at sibtic future period he slaitild be involved
fir ,i)y dinkahle. that !night sopervene t for his part he did not
exilect any. Ile thought. that Parliament shottiti devise some
pltin tit untie: e.f.litshntlit with the safety of die colonists and
the amelioration of the condition of the eluees. Theanterests
of the ettleilethe he tilUtight, were to be committal, toe they bad
embarked their property under the sunetion tlq! Ilritish
abilattire.
Lord ltd OtISDA LE said that the vile:ash; had (toile some.
thing towurils bettering the condition of their slaVese bat cer.
fainly nth to the extent of entimeloating theni entirely. They.
hail however held out a prize hi them by ullowing them to
pitrehase their maimodssion, and therefore that was a step to.
wards' the principle upon which the Resolutions were drawn
op. 31Motica had .13-cen inentionea set 3 place which, had re-
fused to 'Vey any attention to the wish of this Chit
Ile would Milian their Lortishipe why they bad been back.
ward; they were afraid of a repetition of timer; occurrence:4
whiclt had spread terror and consternation thtuughout that
island. lit:alluded to the last ennincipationof the sluves,when
they turned Upon their liberators, anti the whule white impute,
thin was either triassared or obliged to try to an asylum where-
ever it could he found. It was leis firm, antl.decitted opinion,
that it' they proceeded tempeituely they wtaild succeed prespe-
grimily. Ile had talked to severttl 'West Indian Proprietore
of slaves, and they listed ell to nun declared their coneelous-
otes of the fact, thet If the labour wee tetid for by Wages, it
would be notch hotter, but they were ut u loss to define hew
that could be accomplielied. In Trinidad, if at slave tould, by
the gmeltial accumulation of property, raise a sum sufficient, to
purchase his freedom, he Wait never reflieed his liberty This
knowledge of being Mile to purchase him liberty stinitilated the
slave to exert Itinteelf more than he would have Hutto, haul. he
not beetillivure of his privilege, and thin/ teeded to the adxermt-
trient of both pertied. The Legislittoree,of the Colin:me Must
be impressed with the idea, that, the ttilataip4tititt of 1116 41,3,..e:,
'MUM bean advantage to them, 4)1 0111 WOUlti notetnisent tti it-
ettlitntipillitiii„ 11,JAYINta,,Ntlepaiti I.)e gr 01,4141, vt it,',lotreet.
would destlkly the Ile approved or tt. OFIL•,
but entirely tlisapprov,4 utgoit.w.i)eyintki them, ..
Lord ift) W;43 r.uie Haut t}-r,: flutist ,v,e"
eaV..re of the senstition the sobjeet Oit7ery, had ereAted iii ill*.
country, therefore he would not attempt to glee arty
of it, lie wee happy, however, to find, that it tvas at time, 11..,
might say, of great tranquillity. At the A ery 'letting,
the subject of which vvaisailready before :!, eeiejae,
,ins the wave, to a sue, that alavery
all things °hearth. Those persons L . tive it.
abolishing slavery limed out e-e• its beleg a eery,
great hatoship, it was ah,o t ;ty. lie seas OW,
prepared to discuss soch as thetitogical more espe-
cially when there were sti triatiy opposite to hint who were more
competent to the task. Not topte than a .cctitury ago tilerswas however, a difference of opinion on this N3tlject:fio
bet
saw no dist-Ml..4i= between the words tiltivery contrary to Chris
tianity, end being governed
,jeee- ile troMeti that yea
would not be considered partuil When be declared it to be hi. 4
firm opinion, thut it would breve been butter if the West finite
system had never existed. Thirty yeare ego, the °pillion on t!'
subject ot Nlavury wits quite different. Them were many Nohi
Lent, present who had voted ,in the le.•lority in favour el a
Stave 'l'ratie. An llluetranee Pereoeeee, e:t whose heed.(
wattlti pethape be 1 .flit, ,eeti t.
eieoe: t Trade, Thirty Yeas:, 110.1, '""t; T'
that Tl.rlr i ,e.NS the Atlanta:; and tt to 1;‘, ,
that t!,.. I,:tbre;; : I „04e41
0 t;, •1
"' , ; , .l‘
' ' • 'At' (I,eru i)... ; ,
the li
t,
Wari, 100 1;!" ,
U;';.
telailt'e ' , 'll.
I W.i'1.1.0.:•
'‘
1 Ate.tri
delaying ; ~,,,ittit,e • "
Mo. from otbr:4,, ; '
.....td oi vantage.,
vocate that c. ~.;le ; the sob.—

IVB the Colci' would adopt some regulations of their own he
had no doubt, without tho, interference of the Government.
= The AfitrqOiS of IaiNBDOWN was sorry that the eloquence
that his Noble Friend had shOwn blithe present occasion could
not have been exerted in the meeting that was likely to take
place among the Colonists. Ile had no hesitation in saying,
that sooner, or later the whole system of the West Indies would
be brought to the test. The test he alluded to was the permanent
relation between the Colonial proprietor and the majority of the
original population, f the Colony, and those who came to es»
lablish themselves there.. Ile wished to draw the attention of
.their berdiliips to the conduct of the legislators. When he
turned his attention to those legislative proceedings„ which were'
-The most indispensably neceSsary,to A well regulated establish-
ment of any kind, he was sorptised to see the total want of re-
. gUlar proceedinj; on ai subject of the kind.; Up to the present.
inoment( he believed 'bewail ,corect ,Itrstatiog,if not he would
call nron'the Noble Lord opposite to correct iiiiii)no one of die,
Celooists which was governed, by an,Assembly, with the ex•
ception of,libe (the B as), hell adopted any of those reso-
Intidnksithich would have tended to advance the interests of its
popaletion.• Ile was grieved to state, P" t" the present
mement nesone of the Colonies had Ad, latid the law which en.
titled a save to' purchase: his matuttnis,ion. In 'hie opinion,
there was not a-better line of policy, than to hold nut as a pre.
mium to the slave the permission of purclutsing his own Inds.
iondenee, ; this at once would tend to excite litm to exert his
best entleavoura' towards furthering the objects of the Resolu.
:done. as perfectly willing to coineitle with the Noble
Earl in int.ssing Any Act which would torteliorate the condition
of the slave. It we. for their Lordships to enforce after the
lapse of „de pkii those net:olutions, the principle of which they
well:Petit:MY unanimous in supporting, but which for fear of
exciting the population of then.' Colonies (uneducated as they
were) to any ;lets or violence, which would discountenance any
attritipot to relieve deem for the future.
The Bishop, of BATH :anti WELLS had presented
*moo,.
rpetiones, a great many of which lied been from the
Church, Ile could assure the Noble Lord (Dudley) that slit-
very was against the laws of' Christianity. Ile was fully aware
that free lebour was better than that which was extorted by the
whip, &te., and he should therefore support the resolutions.—
lie had always been for the emancipation of the mind before
. that of the body. It was therelbre with feelings of gratifica-
tion that he had seen the euthorization of the building of elle.
pets, schools, &c. at the different Colonies. .
Earl ST, VINCENT made a few remarks which were in-
audible tmlow the Bar.
Lord SUFFIBLI) wished to know if there was any definite
peried at which the. Colonists were likely to meet. He hoped
if would, he soon„ because , two yeurs might elapse, instead of
oue„befere the, opinion of the Colonists could give their °pi•
pion on the resolutions.
Lord ll,l'l'll Misr explained—he had given orders that the
-meeting should take, place ns soon as possible, but he could not
exactly the.,pcoo4,
. The'llishop of Flat NS was afraid that the Ilouse would
imagine, from the lack of petitions from Ireland, that it bad no
commiseration fir tie unfortunate Mayo. lie could assure the
Muse, itowever, that it had, .lle entirely concurred in the
,princitae of the Resolutions.
The liesidutions were adopted by their .Lortithips ; and the
,other Orders..of the Day being disposed of, the, noose adjourned
at ".rs: sr o'Ci.ocx.
