(EXTRACT.)

I take this opportunity of informing your Lord-
ship, that Colonel Skerrett and the Spanish troops
under General Cruz, were at Manzanillo on the
22d, where they remained to dra• W the attention
of Margial Soult.

I beg to state to your Lordship, that the Regency
has given orders to commence a cut across the Tro-
cadero, immediately, by a considerable number.of
workmen, so as to insulate it.

We received this morning New York rapers to
the 6th ult. They notice the,arrival of the Gleaner
from this country, with the revocation of the
Orders in Council, but do not inform us of the
effect produced by that measure upon the policy
of the American Government. The New York
Commercial Advertiser, after mentioning the above
arrival, adds " 'What effect the revocation of the.
Orders in Council will pro,luCe Upon the feelings,
and the measures of our Administration, it is dif-
ficult to conjecture., We doubt not, however,
that it will produce a very salutary influence upon
an immense mujority of the people,. and ultimate=
ly upon the best interests of the country. Either
the men now in power will stay the progress of
war, and restore peace to this afflicted land; or
the people will bid them to retire to private
life, and place the affairs of State into the hands
of better and wiser men." - •

The troops of the United States had entered
Canada.

The following are extracts, from the papers

'W,N.SHINGTON, AUG. I.—The Secretary of State
left this city on Wednesday last for his ;eat in
Virginia, and will return in 4 few days.

Letters have been received from the head-quar-
ters of our north-western army, dated Sandwich,
Upper Canada, July 13th and 14th.

General Huta., with his army, crossed the river
above Detroit on the night of, the 11th, without
the loss of a man. Such was the regularity of
tie movement, that in less than five minutes after
the first boat struck the Canada shore the line
was formed. The Ohio Volunteers behave like
veterans. During the night before the arrival of
the army, the British abandoned the shore, and
retreated to Malden, leaving our troops to take
possession of their works, which gives us the
command of the river. The American standard was.
erected in Canada. on the morning of the 13th,
and General num .'s Proclamation was issued
and circulated through all the villages in that vi-

cinity.
Letters of the 14th say, the Canadian militia
arc deserting from Malden in large parties; sixty
in one body, on receiving the proclamation, re-
p'orted themselves to the General, and retired to
their farms.

EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM AN OFFICER IN GE-
NERAL HULL'S ARMY TO A GENTLEMAN IN EAt-

TIMORE.

" SANDWICH (11. CANADA) JULY 15.—1 inclose
you one of 'the Proclamations issued by General
,lly.L,i, to the people of Canada. It had the desired
ef,:ect, The people generally have gladly hailed
us as an army of friends rather than enemies.
---The General is preparing a train of artillery,
the more effectually to reduce the British garrison
at Malden. We have taken the town of Sandwich
without the loss of a single man. The enemy at
Sandwich had a large body of Indians with them,
and the moment our army came in sight of them,
they left their allies, and took to the woods, with-
out firing a single shot—the British were then
obliged to retreat, and left us quiet possession of
the field. The fort at Malden is a square with
strong bastions at cash of the angles. On these
bastions they have some eightecu-pounders mount-
ed : it is commanded by Col, St. GEORGE, of the
British army, and from the best informatiUn our
spies give us, is garrisoned with about 350 regular
troops, 600 militia, and 800 Indians. Our park
of artillery is nearly ready, and the, General will
attack the fort on the night of the 20th inst. The
army are all in high spirits, and we feel confident
of success. We shall commence the attack by
cannonading their works, and the Moment we ef-
fect a breach, rush on and carry it with the bay()-
; net alone.

The l‘tat,oitat of .the d Au-
gust, in an article respectinz, the war, says,—
As an inducement to the British (lorerrillitiif,
not to impress seamen from otirvese..3, oiti Air
yernntent is yet willing, as it is, well knowrk it. has
long been, to enter into -en arrangement;
reciprocal, to prevent the employment of 13ritish:
seamen in American vessels, public or private.
" It is highly important to both countries that
this question should be settled, for experience has
shc%vn that there cannot be. a good understan4g
between them until 'Great Britain. cease& to im-
press our seamen.

We state With 'pleasure another fact, which
we believe to be equally true—that Our Govern-
ment will not, under any circumstances that niay
occur, 'form a political-connection with France."
The Papers contain accounts of most ,dreadful
riots and outrages at Baltimore, in whichG.meral
LEE and several others were 'murdered, but the
insertion of which, we are compelled to defer for
want of room.

The papers were brought by the Pacific, STAN-
TON, arrived at Liverpool, which.left New-York
on the Bth ult. The Dispatches by the Gleaner,
which arrived at New-York •• oil the 4tlr,
we immediately forwarded to the,iseat of the
American Government. The effect prodUced by
them was, as we have above stated,,,pot known
when the face sailed, -
By WILLIAM MILL, Brigadier. 'General nd
Commander of the North-Western Army of the
United States,

A PROCLAMATION.

• INHABITANT'S OF CANADA !---LAfter•trvirty years
of peace and prosperity, the United States: have
been driven to arms. The injuries and aggres-
sions, the insults and indignities of Great 4ritain.
have once more left them no alternatiVebnt-manir
resistance or unconditional submission. "1
under mi/ command has invaded. your. country -
the standard.of the Union' now waves over th;.•
territory of Canada. To the peaceable UnofFerrd-
ing inhabitant, it brings neither danger nor-diffi,
culty:- I conic to find enemies, not to make them.
I come to protect, not to injure you.
Separated by an immense ocean and an'e:iten-
sive wilderness from Great Britain, you have .no
participation
,in her councils, no interest_in her
conduct. You 'have' felt her tyranny, you have
'seen her injustice.; but I do not ask you to
avenge the one, or to redress the Othern. The
United States are sufficientl owerful to afford

every security, consistent with their, rights and,
your expectations. I. tender you the. hwalUalide
blessing of civil, politica'', and religiou%lilierty,
and their necessary result, individual and. general
prosperity—that liberty which gave decision to
our councils, and energy to , our conduct,. in a
struggle for independence, which conducted us
safely and triumphantly, through the:stormy period
of the revolution—the liberty which has raised us
to an elevated rank amongst' the .nations of the
world, and which, afforded.us a greater measure
of peace and security, of wealth and improve-
ment, than ever tell to the lot of any people. In
the name of my country, and the authority of Go-
vernment, I promise you protection to your per-
sons, property and rights : remain at your homes;
pursue your peaceful and customary avocations ;
raise not your hands against your brethren: 'Many
of your fathers fought for the freedom and inde-
pendence we now enjoy. Being children, therefore.„
of the same family with us, and heirs to the same
heritage, the arrival of an army of friends must be
hailed by you with a cordial welcome. yo 4 will
be emancipated from tyranny and opprm;.,and
restored to the dignified station. of freemen. Had
I any doubt of eventual success, I plight ask
your assistance, but Ido not. I Come, prepared,
for every contingency—l have a force which will
break down all opposition, and that force.. is. but
the van-guard of a much greater.- It, contrary, to
your own interests and the just expectations of
my country, you should take a part in the ap-
proaching contest, you, will be treated and Consi-
dered as enemies, and the horrors and calamities.
of war will stalk before you. If the barbarous
and savage policy of Great Britain be pursued,.
and the savages are let loose to murder our citi-
zens and butcher our women and. children, 'this
war.will be a war of extermination. The' first stroke
of the tomahawk—the first attempt with the
scalp!ng knife, will be signal of one indiscrimi-
nate scene of desolation. No wbite•- man found
fighting by the side of an Indian will' he taken
prisOner—instant death will be his lot. If the
dictates of reason, duty, justice, and humanity
cannot-prevent the employment of a force which
respects no rights, and '‘ knows no wrong, it will
be prevented by a severe and relentleiS system of
retaliation. I doubt not your conrage and firm,
ness—l will not doubt your.attachment to liberty.
If you tender your services voluntarily,' they will
be accepted readily. . . • .
The Uoited States. offer you-peace, liberty, and
security. Your choice lies between these and
war, slavery and destruction. Choose then; but
choose wisely; and may be whciftnoWS the justice
Of our cause,. and who holds in his hand the fate
of nations, guide you to the result the most corn-
patible with your rights and interests, yotir peace
and happiness. - By the General, .
,
• .• A. T. 111.71. L.

The Public Advertiser.—The- aS Mi4Zinhitrpaper
which disgraces this city, under this name, has
arrived at such a scandalous pitch of insolence, UT-
not merely to palliate theßaltiinore massacre,-but
to endeavour to excite some poor detudedAvretches
to act the same tragedy here. It boldly pro-
nounces that a man's house is not to be his castle,
his protection, any longer than While lie con-
forms to the laws and constitutions ;- and, of that,
a mob is of course to be the judge., Aiia in the
same paper, a letter is addressed to one 'of our
Ministers of the Gospel on. account of, the sermon
he delivered from the sacred desk on the late fast,
and he is openly threatened that the horns!of the
altar shall not protect him—proteet him- from
what % The fury of a mob, is the only answer
that can be given. Gracious God ! 'And iS such a
press to he tolerated by the civil authority inNew-
York)---(Ne4o-lork Evening Post.)

VC OND E IT"-

SUN-OITICE,

TWO O'CLOCK.

REPORTED DEFEA', OF, THE FRENCh

BY THE RITSBIANs.

A vessel arrived last night", -after :post, in tile

Down-s, from the coast otTi:ance. A^ express

has arrived in towp,with the important, intelligence

brought by this vessel, stating that therel
hatl _ Jeep

four sanguinary ac tlons between the French and

Russians.

That in three 'of ,these -actions the

Russians were worsted, and retreated, but in the

fourth the Cossacks; to the amount of 30,000

men under PLATOW, having during the night

made a rapid march, came.up with the Preach

Columns, and totally defeated them, drivinethern

back fourteen leagues.

The report adds, that

the Cossacks penetrated, by judicious anti prompt

movements, into the centre of the French Army,

and that BUONAPARTE had *a narrow. escape.

We give this report as it has reached us, and as

it is. in circulation in the City ;—most happy shall

we be to be enabled to confirm it.

LiThou' Papers reached t9wn last night to the
2.ith ult. They have a• repOrt of a part of our
Army having advanced to Toledo', in which place
1600: prisoners 'had been taken.

EXTRACT Or A LETTER FROM HARWICH, DATED

SEPT. 9.

Government having last week received intelli-
gence that a Mr. VIGOUREC7X, who had been some
time Secretary to the French Minister at Copen-
hagen, was expected at thisportfromGottenburghy
an order came down last week from the Houle
Department, to prohibit his landing whenever he
might arrive, to seize his Papers, and forwLtra
them to town. Mr. VIGOUREUX arrived in Capt.
MAsaN's packet the day after the order was re-
,ceived, which was immediittely carried into effect
by the Alien, Officer here. The result has beau,
that this Gentleman has been Instantly orderei
back to Gottenburgh in another packet.

LIVERPOOL, SEPT. B.—Arrived tho PC/Ci##
STANTON, from New York; with passenger'"
sailed August Bth ; on the 9th,spoke the Ekanor
from Portsinouth, for New York ; •on- the 10tha.
spoke the Georgia, LAW, from Li% erpool for SA'
vannah; supposes on hearing of war, she would
make for New York. On, the
.48th,• a little.ta
the westward of the Banks Of,NeWfoundland,
spoke the Africa man of war bound . te`
Halifax ; the Aristonzenes, from Liverpool
for New York, the Concozil, from- •LoUdo.a
for Boston, and the Eastern Mai, ;54.nri.501.1i"
in company as prizes. 'August 21, spoke tl
Nancy,' of Newcastle, (to the eastward.olF
banks), from Liverpool, for Alexandria ;
hearing of. the 'war determined to return t't°
Liverpool, and left her following on ac 2.34
spoke the Ganges about half way from London t#
.New York, and informed her of the war. • ."

BOSTON, Alfq. Gentleman from StyAll'..
Trews, who left there the 24th of July, inficktro.
that the Indian sloop of
.war, and the Plumpe'r
gun-brig had each taken three American Pf
vateers, viz.: the Polly arid Fair Trader of .9-11-
letn, and the Irgits of Boston ; the names of the
other three are not mentioned. The Indian su!LI
Plumper were at St. Andrew's, protecting the
shipping (abort 30 sail) at that place,. and wol
sail the first safe opportunity for St. JOhn's.' 1.174
had sailed the Wednesday preceding (22d lilt')
and got outside, when they were informed ell°'
two Ame:zican frigates Were off, which ind"ce4
them all to put back, and. were left there ,
25th of July, afraid to go out. The Spartan fl,le
gate was at St. John's on the 23d, milting for t!'
fleet froria St. Andrew's to join the fleet at John
thence to proceed to Halifax And England.

The Park and Tower guns were fired about on
o'clock.
It was reported yesterday, that the town ".
Montreal had been taken possession of bY "
tachment of the United States' troops. N° 3c;
counts of that nature have, however, reached thj
country.
Lord SIDMOUTII, we understand, is expect--;
e
town to-morrow, after a week's tour to the
of England, taken for the benefit of his health'
The French General ST. CYR,
hi relating r
battle of Poiotsk, declares that he has Pe
t;
formed impossibilities." Most of the Pre'ibe
triumphs in Russia are probably entitled to
same description.
General SARRAZIN, it is said, has receivedje:
passport, and is this day to proceed to SWepiel
Ater the bitter animosity which he has exPr-,:ge,
against our Government, it is somewhat stra;td
that.be should be perthitted to .visit a ruace,,
with which we have concluded a treatY P„ne
and which is now under the direction 01
intimate friends.

LIST ON PAPERS
[RECEIVED c A LAST NIGHTI

LISBON. •- says, that the Mar-
440is of Weliituzfon's bead-quarters were in To-
ledo. At Zafs:6, ou the 20th, all remained in
statu quo. On the 18th, Drouet made a recOn-
noiisance as far a-; ilibeira,' with five squadronS
of cavalry and 1,000 infantry. General Sterrett,
has tanflod at AyaMonte, with 2,000 British and
4,000 Spaniards. The regiments left at Cuellar,
With the 6th division, are the 4th, sth, 38th; 42d,
and 82d.

Auo. Carlos De Espana is
tippvinted Governor, ad interim, of Madrid. The
Spanish` Constitution was published in it On Ate
13th instant. • •
In regard to Soidt, what,con he do ? On the
20th instant Drouet gave indications of retiring.
'Titat Marshal, after the council of Generals held
on the 13th, collected the greater part of his army,
Espertina; Carmona, and Alcala;, the advanced
guard of General Cruz's expeditionary corps have
arrived near St .Lticar La Mayor ; and the French,
in order to observe their movements, preserve de"-,
taChnients 'in Castiliga, Utrera, and -Vembrete)s.
the enemy lately abandoned Porto de St. Lucar.
La Mayor; they have destroyed the• fortifications
of Castuxa, and spiked the cannon ; on the 20th
it was reported at Ayamonte that they had begun
to evacuate Seville. The remains of Marmot's
army are estimated at 16,000 men. On'the Ist
of August, Mina,- Dur2to, and A,mor, were in the
vicinity of Lograno and Viaua, with the intention
of .attacking these places.
The posts have already been established be-
tvveen Madrid And 13adajoz.
On the 13th the great Lord entered Madrid by
~,the gate of Segovia, and alighted at the Royal
Palace, where -he is lodged. Don Carlos, de Espana
occupies-the house of the Marquis of Saint Jago,
and the Empecinado that of the Duke de l'lfan-
tado. In respect to the soldiers, all the houses
are open to them; -their owners go into the streets,
to ode; them to, whatever soldiers they may
meet. There were illuminations for three sucem--
3ive nights. King Joseph, with his brigade, took
the road of Aranjuez.
FROM THE LISBON DIARY OF AITGUST 24. -

' It appears that the Marquis of Wellington en-
tered Toledo on the -17th, and raade one thousand
'Six hundred prisoners. -

St' TO THE CO} UNNA COURIER OP PRP.
• DAY, AUGUST 21, 1812.
.Cormina, August 21, 1812.'
The General in Chief of the Stai." of tile th and 6th
Dun PEDRO AGUSTIN OIRON, in a Let-
of the 19th inst. dated- from. Villafranca del
Vierzo, and transmitted to me by a. Messenger'
says as follows
" The fortress of Astorga capitulated yesterday,
in the afternoon ; and its garrison, consisting of t
three battalions of infant; y, 'were made prisOnts
c't• War, but are to be exchanged :as soon, as cir-
tunstances wail• permit, against an equal number
01. Spanish prisoners. There were found in the
.Plaeeprovisions for two months.
"Ile turn which the operations have taken,
and the movements of the corps formed out of the
Scattered remn►ants of •MARNitowr's Army,, and of
the troops in the North of Spain, render the ae7
quisitiort of that Fortress doub'y interesting at the
Prescnt moment.
`.` .I. transmit this intelligence to-you in order that
YoU make it known to the, public in an extraordi,
Italy number. .God preserve you, &c.. ;.
" PEDRO DAVALOS.
-
41 To the Editor of the Corunna Courier."

• /tx...'
.RAC.r.FROM THWSUPPLE.MENT TO THECORUNNA
'COLIRIER, rOVSUNDAY THE 23n, AUG: 1812.
General in Chief of the Staff of the sth,
6th, and 7th Armies, Don PEDRO AGUSTIN GI-
ItON, in letters dated'from Villafranca dei.VierzO,
the 22d inst. says what follows :
:I.A..corps of the enemy, consisting of.: from: 12 to
a4;000 infantry and 2000 horse, w;th 12 pieCiA of
Artillery, under the.-command-of General Baron
I"°Y, marched fr,iin Valladolid, decidedly With
the intention-of raising the blockades of Toro and
I`'OMora, an& the sie a of Astoiga.
The corps of operations of the 6th army was
tinder the necessity of retreating; from the inferi-
°lity. at. its niimbers, particularly in Cavalry ; but
t4y retired in good order, without any loss but that
°, 18 or 20 cavalry, in a small action, which
lue cavalry, although very. inferior, was bbligo
o engage, in order to stop the progress of the
enemy
The French, pushed on 300 cavalry to...Astorga,.
foxing the night of the 20th ; and after remain-
. g that town during the whok of the 21St,
1'1(1' retired, at eight -o'clock in the evening, to-
;wards La Brucza, taking away their sick and
levying a contribution.
~
• Our troops which had been posted in the roads
(If Foncebadon, Galicia, Austrias, and Puebla de
atlabria, marched immediately to continue their
'offensive operations.
The timely capture of Astorgabas deprived the
fleiny of the fruits of this exertion, which has
eost them a great many men and horses, on a.e,
count of the rapidity of their march, and it will be
still more fatal.to them in its consequences.

OPORTO, 'AUG. 22.--Reinforcements to the
amount of 2000 men have arrived at Burgos from
France, in consequence of which the old garrison
marched, and were met by the Guerillas, who
throve them back with dreadful slaughter: IT.
We are now positively assured that BLutMoi
is not dead.

TitE THEATRE.—..The Beggar's Opera was.. per-rornied last night at Covent-Garden Theatre.—,-
4NcLatiow, after an absence of tWo years, ap
Peared in Macheath. He was very warmly re-
ceived, and sang as well as ever. M.N. C. KEztaL3
:1.150 returned to this Theatre; and received an ar-
dent welcome. She played, Lucy with her usual
-Pak. Mrs. STIRLING, formerly Miss Dfc.Ks9N,
4Df Drury-Lane Theatre, was cue Polly. She is.
tgood-looking woman, and has a . good voice.
7,e is somewhat too much, inclined to the mq-
ern taste of flourishing her songs., fShe is likelyv
useft:l, but not as a first-rate
"singer. '-She
.xperierited a very -kind receptioil; The house
WA
very well attended.
