IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

MOUSE OF LORDS, nitIRSDAY, Nov. I i.

The Loan CHANCELLOR took his seat on the Wool-
sack it Five 'o'elock.:
• REGENCY BILL.
The LORD CIIANCELLOR postponed his mains for
leave todsriiir•in • the Regency Bill from Friday to Mon-
day nett.
HIS *IAJESTY'S VISIT 'TO THE
,CITY.
The Earl OPRADNOR said Aliat he would take this op.
portunity of putting a question or twolo the Noble Duke
at the head of the Government, relative to the letter writ-
ten by the Secretary of State to the Lord Mayor. It would be
in the reco:le,•tion of their Lordships that at the time the
Noble Duke gave his explanation of the course pursued
by his Majesty's Ministers relative to his Majesty's not
dining with ',the Lord Mayor, he stated that he bad
other grounds than the letter written by the Lord
Mayor for advising the King to adopt the course he had
done. The Noble Duke had then stated that be had
received anonymous letters from various persons on the
subject, but that the main ground of their advice
had proceeded on the letter received from the Lord
Mayor, in which his Lordship had stated that great con-
fusion and bloodshed might ensue. Now he (Lord Radnor)
on the further reading of that letter had observed that
the Lord Mayor, in reference to the confusion anticipated,
had stated that it was likely to occur nut within the city
but out of it. He (Lord Radnor) thought it incumbent
on his Majesty's Ministers, before they advised his Ma-
jesty to a course au calamitous, to inquire well into the
foundations 'of the ground on which they proceeded.
What he wished to know in the first place was, whether
When the letter was written by the Secretary of Stets
for the Home Department to the Lord Mayor
Elect, his Majesty'. Ministers had not so little con-
fidence in the reports that were abroad, and the letter
written by the Lord Mayor, as to direct the per-
son who took the letter to his Lordship to inquire whether
the whole was not a hoax. Ile also wialled to know
whether the Noble Duke would at any, and at what time,
state to the House the other information to which he
had alluded, and on which lie bad acted. lie (Lord R.)
also wished to be informed, not so much for his own
satisfaction as for that of his Majesty's loyal people,
whether the letter sent by the Seeretary of State to the
Lord Mayor, had not been sent without the knowledge of
his Majesty, there being at the present moment reports
currently in circulation that it bad.--(Hear, hear.)
The Duke of WELLINGTON fait sorry that the Noble
Lord should still 'persevere in calling the non-visit of his
Majesty to the city a calamitous measure. He firmly be-
lieved that he did so contrary to the majority of both
this and the other House of Parliament, and most
certainly generally contrary to the impressions of the
inhabitants of the inetopolis. Tile Noble Lord had Wen
pleased to catechize him thrice ; l,e wished to know first,
wheilier or nut theeletter, written to the Lout Mapir, had
been laid before his Majesty, and his pleasure taken upon it.
Ile would at once answer the Noble Lord that it had, and
that be siwuld have considered himself as having
grossly forgotten his duty, had he attempted to sanction
the writing of such a letter without his Majesty's approval.
Another question propounded by the Noble Lord was,
'whether the letter written by the Lord Mayor, was, or was
not, the only ground, or what share • it had, in inducing
his Majesty's Ministers to adopt the course they had done.
Now the HORS* would recollect that he had • stated the
other day that be had received many anonymous letters,
in many of which names were given in and others not,
stating what woul I probably. result from his Majesty's
visit to the City. To these, however, he had not paid any
particalar attention, till he received she letter from the
Lord Mayor Elect on Saturday in the afternoon, when be
immediately conferred with his Majesty's Secretary of
State on the subject. Further information was received
on the following day, and under these circumstances his
Majesty's Ministers had thought fit to adopt the course
against which the Noble Lord declaimed. The Noble
Lord wished him to lay this information before the House.
This he declined doing..—(Bear.) The Howe had not
passed any vote of censure on Ministers on the conduct
they had pursued, and he therefore thought it unnecessary
to lay. any further information before the House. With
reference to that part of the Noble Lord'. question on the
authenticity of the Lord Mayor'. letter, he must say
that it was thought important to know the truth, whether
that letter had been written or not, by the Lord Mayor,
and in consequence of that the person carrying the letter
was directed to inquire whether it was authentic or not
and on the inquiry, his Lordship stated that it was. The
Lord Mayor in that letter had stated the necessity of hav-
ing military in the city, in order to preserve peace.
--(Hear.) Such being the ease, l's preservation might
have caused bloodshed. If the Noble Lord doubted this,
he, would refer him to what took place in the city on Tor
day night, during the whole of which it was a scene of
uproar. Ministers recommended his Majesty to abstain
from the treat, because they knew well if the military
were necessary to keep order the shedding of blood might
ensue. He thought that his Majesty's Ministers would
have ill discharged their duty, had they not recommended
his Majesty to adopt the course they had. For himself be
felt proud,and gloried in what he had done.
Lord KING said he did nut know who was right or
who was wrong on this occasion, but it was evident that
the Nellie Duke was determined to say, .4 I know no more
than my Lord Mayor." The Noble Duke complained that
a Noble Lord h,.d used the word calamity," but perhaps
he would be satisfied with the substitution of the word
fo ly," as in his opinion more foolish advice was never
given by Ministers to a Sovereign.--(Hear.) The Cabinet
Council appeared to him to know much less than the Com-
mon Council ; and the Court of Alderman had more sense
and discretion than that Court where Ministers metaled
to advise the Crown.
The Earl of CLANRICABDE said that it was evident
that Government were in possession of soother information
than that afforded by the Lord Mayor, fur if they were they
would have acted on it, and not have waited for recommu-
nication which was in itself doubtful, The Noble Duke
had said that bloodshed might have taken place in securing
his Majesty's return to his Palace, but he was convinced
that his Majesty's popularity would have secured the town
from any such results. It was a'so said that the dislike to
the new police would have been the source of disorder, but
he.was persuaded that it was not sufficient to excite the
people. There were no police when the Lord High Ad-
miral went to dine in the City, and he was convieeed that
his Majesty was as popular at this moment as he was when
he hglil that office.
Lord WHARNCLIFFE denied that the popularity of
the King was called into question by any thing which
had transpired on the former or the present evening.--
(Hear. )--His Majesty's Government had an alternative,
and, in his opinion, they had exercised it sound judgment
in the choice they made. There was, on the other hand,
the danger of giving a momentary alarm, and, on the
other, if there had been a riot, the King and
would have witnessed a tutnult.—(Hear.)—This Consort
beir Lord-
ships would see that such a risk was not to be encountered.
of riot and tumult; but he bed
bNetrbniepLresoennist
soin'eamkolrieghy
thantl one of such occasions, and it
was a source of pain to see the force that was necessary to
be called in to subdue them. Every other means should
he employed to avoid arrivlng st that extremity, but,
when once the necessity came, nothing but energy and
decision would answer.
SLAVERY.
The Marquis of LANSDOWNE, in presenting
several
petions against negro slavery, said be was as friendly to
