uW have tsiidiaYbibaohill in few pefittlir topics,

I
r t which would, nevertheless, have been received
i his Majesty's Ministers wall a dignified silence.
i rmingliam wasJhe next. stage in. the Ministerial
) ogress, Thu Duke of Wellington and his Right
I on. Colleagne„)vOre„ invited to the dinner of the
I igh Bailiff), a. periodical public entertainment, the
r input)), of. whicb,..in.diversity.or political opinion,'
a course much resembled the various genera cal-
k ted in Nonlife. ark. At this we hear no Member
c the Political' Union.- attended. The .Aristocracy
a local station and •of wealth is not the mirror of
p iblic opinion, in thieiountry; and if the Duke of
Wellington crinflnes. his view to the reflection of
Mat glass, he will indeed be grossly deceived. A
1 d vout end, reverential feeding is generally manifested
t war& yetems • in' powert all patties in an admix-
t re of Servilea, Tories, -Whigs,- and Reformers,
r i such oecasiontsnecnny relic, positiens, and‘prne.
t se a sort of artnintrtititrality; . We r4reat that the
lideal opinions 'of a nation are not put forth in
spcb iniscellanenus coMpaniee and cabinet dinners,
luitle,, venison, utid ices. have a benumbing effect
niv
r i.i.;`nglishinen. .At the 'Birmingham dinner. Sir J.
rotteeley and Mr. Tennyson alone spoke out. The
alitory uppear to have received their manly deal
' rations with various marks of approval and dissent.
The Premier and the Secretary of State 'for 'the
Home Department dropped no State secrets, and
tire toast of " his Majesty's Ministers," given im-.
mediately after the speech of Mr. Tennyson, was
rO,know)edged by the Duke of Wellington with cold
,rid,empty generalities. The Duke threw himself
*to a square. A President of the United States
ouhd have trusted himself with some frank and
National sentiments on the interests of the people
ke presided over, but on this side the Atlantic the
clover: meat and the Nation have no reeiprocity of
confidence; a Military Chieftain takes care also not
to reveal .the plans of his manoeuvres till the period
of'-exeCution. We would warn the Ministry and.
Aristocracy against the danger of mierviding the
national mind in local scenes of convivial and muni-
t.
pal entertaimnent. Some., retrospective review of
he realopinion of. the :popuinus,and opulent town
tilirmieghton, on the,stibject of its desire :to ob-
ain the. elective franchise,. and- on Parliamentary
I, 'Worm, may be Usefully cited front the facts of its
3Olitical Meetings during the 'lasi three years. Ii
the t,pring of 1827 y oir Mr. Teraryion's first motion
respecting the transfer of, the elective franchise from
jrs(Retferd to Birtningham, 'one of the most. OM.
erous—and . unanimous meetings of inhabitant
houseliiilders ever held, testified their estimate of
trpresentation, and the following petition was signed,
in forty-eight hours, by 20,000 persons, including
the rosjority of the Municipal Officers, acting Magi-
trates, Bankers, Metchants,. and Professional .Men
in the town:—

To the (Commons and) Lords Spiritual and Temporal,
of the United ;Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
in Parliament assembled.—
" The bumble Petition of the Inhitbitants of the
town .of Birmingham, in the county of War-
wick., being rate-payers of the said town—..

"Slieweth, I:lint your reiitioners have observed tvith

•
grateful eatisfaction the introductiOn into Parliament of a
Bill fur enabling the town of Birmingham to return repre.
t•rntatives to Parliament.

" 'Nit your petitioners conceive such extension of re-
n•esentation in Petliament will be of great advantage t►►

the papubium and increasing town,of I3irrninghurn, and
cannot fail to be benaciat to
,the extensive manufacturing
intereas with which, it connected.

" That it appears to your petitioners, that such refire.
Sentation is especially desirable, not only on account of the
ireat and increasing population to the town, and of its
mportant matmliatturiog and: commercial interests ; but
also on acconnt of the -Various and complex character of
its manufactures, all worked up by human labour from the
native products of „this; country; and randering it peen.
Nally important that,representatives possessing Waal knows
ledge, should make known the interests of the town in the
Legislature of the country..
" That. your petitioners rely on the wisdom of. Parlia-
ment,.
firr a due resignation of the elective franchise for the
town of Birmingham, with adequate securities against the
tumult and'expence occasionally attendant upon protracted
elections in populous towns.
" Your petitioner*, therefore, humbly pray, that the
said .Bid may pass into a law, with such modification' and
tegulitions 'milt) the wisdom of your Honourable House
may seem. expedient. And your petitioners will ever
pray, &a."
The real friends of the Duke of Wellington will
recall to his mind the circumstances attending the
rejection of this moderate and constitutional petition.
For three successive years this great town and the
unrepresented communities of Manchester and Leeds
Were tailtaliz(.(l with the expectation of the elective
franchise, and
,instilted by the Ministerial majorities
which negatived their just and reasonable
Tlioy were ironically told to wait patiently, constitu-
tionally, till the eaves-dropping ,of .some detected
Borough corruption brought about, their turn for
representation ! They were answered that the
golden number, of the Ilouse of Common.s, of Six
Hundred and Fllty,eigla Representetives, as settled
ut the Irish Union, could not be disturbed without

destroying the Waco 'of the Constitution. The
,Hiike of Wellington actuully cited thil growth'and
wealth of llirmingham while unrepresented, us a
reason why the elective franchise should hot be con-
ferred up9n, it He begged their Lordships to
„ , • . . •
remember the consequences which might issue to
the Constltation.of giving to that town, and similar
town 4, -increased- weight in the country." (See
Lords' Debates, .41(froing chronicle, July
Verily he said that Birmingham did nut want the
inconvenicncqs7 of an election ; and so the inha-
bitants candidly stuted in their foregoing petition to

. ,
Parliement. • If was wittily said by Mr. Ward
(Lord Putney) in reply to the observation." that
the prectiees coutteetedr with Old Sarum and Outwit
were enough ;to, call up our ancestors from 'the
grave." " No, Our ancestors were well acquainted
with seat hot °eel's ; tin!), heti their Oattons and
Old-Sartans. like nurselyeaL but they would have
been startled to have seen towns, greater thaw their
London, without is single Representative." Now,.
we .would counsel the ,Noble 'Duke to murk the con-
serpreneetiof his policy... Apolitical union has been
subsequently formed in Birmiegliami oeu organised
asseeietion of 'flee thousand inbabittints a local
Pediment ; an, iinpolion In. impala, demanding as
their' ±igla that which they humbly prayed" for
in 1827; heeded by two wealthy beakers, telident
in the town ; ,governed by a poliiiical council ,of the
middle classes of,saciety;..in cerrespondence with all
the large manufacturing communities' of the empire ;
a society which now reigns paramount, in Bir•
tnitigharn, and which has successively super.
Hieded tie public opinion of . the higher and
,opulent of the ;town., The Duke of Wel-
lington, •tind Sir :Robert Peel are entertained
by the High Bodin'. of Birmingham and .180
guests. On the 11 fir of October, blf. .ThOlilfilk Au-
wood presides at a public dinner of four thoueand
artisans, to -commemorate, the :French .Revolution.
It is well to say that people are rnisleil'; it is. small
eunituktion to env: and, regret that violence suc7
ceeds moderation; that demagogues, .and impostors
usurp the natural and legitimate, influence of the,ino
telligent and rich.. To .whom 'is to he ascribed
these local revolutionathitrapposition of the: dif-
ferenr orders of society ? Are these the times in
which they cart be contemplated Without apptehen.
siert and forehoding; and what wonkl be dui eon-
se(piencea of commercial' depression, and temporary
lineocial. embarrassment ?, Are we, not exposed in
en iron cage:to the seed' et Rtirepe ?. Mr. Tenny-
son wisely eounsek the Dt4te of Wellington and the
stair',; " who hold the powers of Parliament in their
hands, to yield in good diem to the reasonable'
daunt and wishes of the people--to seize upon the
Terkel for this purpose when all were united to a
Man in ,affectionato loyalty to the Prince upen the
Threrie, and while the question on the part of the
people remained, for the most part, in the hands of
those' who would suffer their desires and their von-
duct to be influenced by their sober judgMent."--
qpipg Paaniele. ,

l►nr. Hume hub experienced the most cordial re-
eeption throughout the whole of the %nit of Scot-
kW', 'Every where,the population has evinced the
best pos,,ible 00'4. Among all classes' there is a

tl d tot 'reform, .gttiri relieliMetie.
We have already made sntrla- extracts from his
speeches at the public dinner at Glasgow on the,
lath. HQ was received in the same distinguished
manner at P.iisley on' the 17th, and ou the 20th the
Magist rates and the principal inhabitants of Greenock
piesented to him in the largest ehurch,,before 2,500
or the principal inhabit ants,thefollowing Address:---

TO JOSEI'II HUME, itSQ., IV,P.

i 4 Ureenoek, Sept. 15.

" Bir,—We, the subscribers, inhabitants of Greenock,
Otidly avail ourselves of thin opportunity of expressing the
40p sense we entertain of the enlightened zeal: for the
ptibliC welfare, the uprightness, and the ability, by which
Our conduct, as u Member of the British Parliament, has
tieen all along so emitterstlrdistingvishol ; and we beg
have particularly to return you our grateful thanks for
yimr unwearied efforts:to diminish the profuse expenditure
of Government, and thereby to lighten that burden of
tOcation which now presses so heavily upon all the pro•
sttsgtive cleeses of the community
" We sincerely rOoice, in your recent appointment to:
sitoOloo of Representative for the county of Middle-
sex, not only on account of the greater inlinence,you will
thereby acquire: in Parlianignt, lint also because:eoch op-
ilointment, the result of the free and unbought euffrages of
a populous, and important county, affords a convincing
proof 'of the progress of enlightened political opinions, and
shows that your publie services have obtained that reward
which they well merit, and which, next to the arproba•-
tion of your Own mind, you cannot fail most highly to
value—the approbation of your country.
"'Whets we contrast the unanswerable proof which
lists been thus furnished, of the high estimation' in which
dour services are held by the public, with the slight Sup-
port which you have hitherto obtained in Parliament, we
eY tnnot but perceive how inadequately the people- are.repre-
fiented there; but we trust that a better state of things is
Past approaching, and that the slay is not far distant when
the progriss of knowledge and the influence :a public
4pinion will peacefully and constitutionally bring shout
Inch a reform as will ensure to every measure calculated

o 'promote the public welfare no less attention and sop-
ort Within than without the walls of Perliament.

" We most, sincerely wish you hetlth and hypiness,
awl trust the country will long enjoy the benefit of your
valuable services. •

"We have the honour to he,"tvlth the highest eateetn,
" Sir -your most obedient servants."
(Signed by the Magistrates, and about 1,000 of the
prtncipal mica aunts.)
Mr. Hume availed himself of the opportunity to

. •
express his opinions on the necessity of-reform and
retrenchment, in his usual decide& and straight.
forward manner. We have not, however, at present;
pace for any account of the proceedings.-21furn,
ing
.Chronick.

There are certain Christian Governments which
entertain the same notions of fiscal science as the
pagan Emperor Vespasian, Olio, in answer to the
remonstrances of his son Titus on the subject of his
indecent rapacity, bade him to smell to a bright
piece of gold stamped with his image, and taunt-
ingly asked him if he perceived that it retained any
Of the bad odour of the foul source of taxation from
which it had been derived. Among, the Govern-
invite to which we allude is that of the Merchant
Princes of Leadenhall-street—the trading Riders
of colossal provinces, compared with which Great
britain is a speck on the map of the world. The
members of that GOvernment are all professed
believers in Christianity. They would consider
themselves scandalized by any imputation upon
the sincerity of their religions faith. They are
all observers of the Christian ritual, under one
form or other—all frequenters of the Church
or the Conventicle—all pious abhorrers of PU•
prism ;-rand yet, like Vespasian, they, seem to lie
of apinion that gold extracted from the foulest
source of idolatry, emits nothing of the offensive
Odour of its fanid original ! As to the monopoly
which they enjey, the good or evil of that , must re-
putt from the use which they make of it in the in-
fancy of Eastern civilization. We have never given
way to the vulgar prejudices excited by simple en-
thusiasts or sordid adventurers against their char-
tered privileges. We admit, indeed, that it is for
the benefit of the empire et large that the Charter
should not be renewed without undergoing such ju-
dicious revision and modification as.the improvement
Of Indian interests and British commerce require—
but vie know, at the carne time, that it must fuLtrat
difficult and delicate task to govern dependencies of:
such vast magnitude—of such great populatiol—of
such various nations, casts, customs, and opinions, as
the peninsula of India includes. We know that rapid
and irreparable mischief might be done if thoughtless
and ignorant politicians were allowed to run wild,
with the torches of rash experiment in their hands,
among the combustible materials which= India abun-
dantly supplies to the political incendiary. We
know that in conquered countries, where slavery and
barbarism have long preiailed, the light of freedom
should but slowly break in, while the principles of
civilization are preparing the mind to receive it, lest
brute force might throw down alknoral restraint,
and liberty ,rush into licentiousness. But' farther
thin this we tint go in supporting the Govern-
ment of the East India Company—and when, under,
the pretence of preserVing-their dominion, the laws
of Gqd and the principles of
.humanity are trot only
allowed to be violated, but their violation
.made
source of unholy gain, we protest .against ouch-
policy as a demoraliz'og example to a burbaroue
people, and a disgrace to a Christian Government.
We had long contended against the toleration of
those fanatical_ rites whieh consigned devoted
Women, under the -terrible influenie of 2 a sordid
and sanguinary priesteraft,
.to superstitious torture
and deet,:i ! The edvocatesi .of the ex,eridile
policy which permitted it ..pretended, that the
practice, could not be put down .without producing
a. popular, irritation, that might, perhaliss shake
the very foundation of our power. " Would you,"
they said," disturb the tranquillity of the people by
interfering with their religious prejudices ?" " No,"
Wre'replied, " we would' allow the fullest measure of
toleration to the absurdities of their feith, because
;see think opinion-ought to be free; but the moment
specolative absurdities are rethreed into practical
cruelty—the moment fanaticism' seizes the firebrand
'or- the sword of extermination, and. propitiates its
'infernal gods by the mutilation or murder of its de.

,
hided votaries--that. moment toleration becomes ii
crime, and a Government that does , not interpose
between the destroyer and his victims makes itself
an accomplice in the barbarous acts which God end
nature denounce. -At length the suttees have been
declared illegal by the Government of India, and
their *Oppression made a matter of polite. Had
this been done years ago, what an amount of torture
would have been prevented ! what a number of
lives would have been preserved I But the
Moloch of Hindostan.--the obseette and cruel; jug-
gernaut-s-still demands and receive,, like the-Cretan
monster, hie periodical allotroent of burnan victims;
and not only does our Anglo-Indian Government
tolerate his sanguinary worship, but legalizes its atro-
cities by making it the subject of a tax, part of which
goes to repair the temples and support the priests of
the 'demon god tie be not *direct encourage-
'meta to idolatry, wet knoW not what is;'
idolatry in any shape be Abhorred in the sight ef
Heaven, bow , much more atteursed must this worst
species be, that. Mingles human b 10541 with its ills-,
gusting ceremonies, when the chariot of the demon
rolls' abroad, at stated periods, crushing the belt de-
voted enthusiasts who prostrate themselves beneath
its wheels, surrounded by countless multitudes, who
exhibit the last stage of human debasement, while
they join in the frantic and indecent orgies to the
'grim idol, whoselemples the Christian governors (if
India keep in repair! If. this is attempted to- be
justified ort the score of policy, ii is a poini neither
respected of'mannor favoured of Iletiven.' It is also
policy very inferior in a moral point of view., to
that whieh the civilized Pagans of tweleot Rome
acted- upon among barbarous nations. In this very
country (and it is not for the first time that we
allude to the instructive- fact) the Roman cone
querore, though exceedingly tolerant of the reli-
gious opinions of other people, vitidiceted hufrift-
Buy. from superstitious outrage by at once
and energetically suppressing the revolting sa-
crifices of the Druids, and overturning altars
stained ssith human. gore. Dud their eivilizieg
;policy weaken The dominion which they had ac-

ithlred 'brthiin arms ? Far weeding
net secksanguipery barbarism, they, cleared the set! ,
fir the seeds .ofcivthration. They made way for
the intraMiciton of intelligence and the arts, which
May be 'Mitt to create the moral existence of Man.
They taught the savage to feel a regard for the sa-
credness of life—and, if they could not diffuse the
of a pure religion, they made superstition re•
seek the decencies of society and the ,rights Of 'na-
ture. Thus did they, by a JudiciGus aad improving
pOlicy,•brenk down the harrier that separated the
vanquished barbarian from his polished conqueror,
and, by an' asaimilaticin of sentiments and habits,
si converted feer into admiration, 'that , when
Rome was under the necessity,
,of contracting.
.tier,' dominions, end recalling. her , armies, ,to re-
pel-, the attacks of , the northern hordes, the.
I)rfteini fAt it as - a national calamity, and
shpplicated their .tconquercirs for a continuance of
their protection. Different, we regret to sey, has
bleen the policy of the British rulers of. India. They
tOern to think that the security of their power is in-
compatible' with any enlightened' endeavours to put
down the • barbarons rites and eradicate the degrading.
•
superstitions of the people. Any interference with,
religious Matters, we admit, should be gentle and
cautious,'' except with reference to those practices
which are Sanguinary acid cannot
.soon or too decidedly suppressed. With
such a debasing worship as that of Juggernaut the
improvement of morals and mariners cannot pros
cooed anti consequently our dominion in India
remain precarious, as it must always be in every
einiquerek country where the physical force is•
estranged by barbarisin 'froth any moral affinity
With the ruling pewee. Yet, though' this seems
an elementary part of the science. Of goierre;
meta, the, Court in Leadenhall-street have not
mental capacity to 'comprehend it. The rejec-
tion of Mr. Poynder's motion' the other day, by a
majority of the Court of Proprietors, was an evi-
'detteO of tide. 'I he motion was, " that the Court,
taking into its consideration the encouragement af•
forded to idolatry by colleciions,at the teniplee
Of Juggernaut, both for the repairs of the temple
itid the maintenance Of, the priests, recommends*the
Court of Directors to take such measures as' may
have the effect, of imniediatelidireciing the etten
tion Of Government to this subject, and of even-
tually removing such a reproach." Mr. Poynder,
wito,detierves great credit ciar hie enlightened exer-
tions on this subject, distinctly stated that fie did
tvot intend by this motion to attack the temple-'
orehip, but to ensure the abrogation of the temple-
tribute-76e discontintiance of any participation On
she part of the COmpanr, in funds-derived-from 'so
tsilty and polluted a. source. He said,:moreoVer,
hat the proposition which he should maintain
Would be this,---" that licentiousness and blood.
tilted were- the consequences of the worship
which took . place in the several idolatrous
temples where the, taxes were
,collected, and
that their collection tended to encourage idolatry ;.
Whilst: the revenue thus obtained,: not being
exhausted by the objectl to which it was profess
wily applied, a surplus :of:Considerable 'magnitude
accrued to the East India Company." We should
like to know what is done with this. surplus;—does.
it go into the colfets of the Company ? If so, as
the produce of idolatry, it is odious in the sight of
Glad and man, and the Company
,cannot too soon
put away the (',accursed thing" from among them.
It may be said, on the other ,ide, 'that the tax is
intended to check the worship of the Idol; but how
Can it bade thitt;rffect, when.a portion•of it goes to
repair his temples and maintain his priests ?
eoynder says 'it is considered' bribe natives as a
proof of our approval of the worship, and that, if
the deity and his priests NVerii•left• to their own re-
soattesit the whole ceremony would. aeon dwindle
ewer. i He , assert:vilest, under our Ildministrokon,
juggernaut, or, " The Lord of the World," as the
idol is impiously called, had' become `popular. He
eays that the revenue which the Come.ny derive
from the idol may , -be estimated,' for last 17
year., at one million eterling, and he denies that the
Company are bound by treaty to allow this state of
things to continue. If Ille statements be correct,
intsy we not ask, are the Company then in partner-
' Ship with the priests of the idol, *lid may it be con-
' sideted us the idolatrous firm of Jeggereaut and the
East India Compaq ? Is this right ? Is it a trad-
ing speculation, or whatever else it may be called,
that Christian Directors should engage in,' or a
Christian people tolerate ? Will Parliament •sanc-
tion such a proceeding at the revision of the Charter?
If so; we fear it- will bring
.upon the country. those
judgments with which a "Jealutis God," who will
not ulluw his honour to be given to idols, has visited
other people, who, against their better knowledge,
bowed the knee to Ilael." We. speak Witheut:
teserve upon 'this subject, because 'we hold the
Opinion that no compromise can be made between
the Christian religion (the religion of truth, of justice,'
'f purity,. and, of mercy) and a ferocious idolatry,
pvithout checking civilization, and, sooniir, or later,
provoking-the unequivocal manifestations of Divine
dirpleasui v.—Morning herald.

PRICE OF. RAW .FAT, per stone of
Prices of Tallow (as stated by the Tallow Mellen)
