ADJOURNMENT.

Mr. Secretary CANNING then mound, that the House adjourn
at its rising to, Priday next.

Mr. HUME said, he wished to bring before' the House the
subject of regulations now existing respecting promotions in the
Army, and he feared, by the adjournment proposed, be should be
deprived of an opportunity.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said the Hou'se would meet en
Friday, 'when the Hon. Member would be able to bring forward
the busineri he proposed.
Mr. HUME said he had been before disappointed on such oc-
casions, byi certain knock at the door of the House.—(A laugh.)
—He wished the Right Hon. Gentleman would guarantee him a
hearing.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said he could guarantee the Hon.
Member a House, hut he certainly could not guarantee him a
hearing.—(Much laughter.)

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. HUSKISSON said be bad to present to the Howie two
Petitions front two bodies of his constituents in Liverpool, The
Petitioners approved of the course which bad boen adopted by
his Majesty's Ministers, and were not anxious for the preservation
of the system of slavery ; but they prayed the House not by en .
necessary diacussion to keep the question in such agitation, and
the 'slave in such a state of excitement, as might have the effect of
precluding Ministers from carrying the measures they contem-
plated into effect.' They stated that their property in the Indies
had been much deteriorated by 'continued agitation of the ques-
tion.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUME said that early in March be moved fur a return of
the number of persons who are now confined, having been com-
mitted for contempt of the Court of Chancery. As it had not
yet been furnished, he should move that the return be made forth.
with. He bad moved also for a return of the eipences incurred
in the repairs of Windsor Castle, and Buckingham House, which
had also not been furnished ; and be therefore made a similar mo-
tion in relation to this.—Ordered forthwith.
THE KING'S BENCH PRISON.

Mr. lIUME raid, he last night presented a Petition from an
individual named David Latouche, , complaining that the Marshal
bad charged him 2071., for the rules of the King's Bench Pri-
son, and subsequently confined h►m within the walls. The Pe-
tition contained ()tiler allegations which he (Mr. Hume) did not
think it necessary to notice. He had since made himself Re-
quainted with the circumstances of Mr. Jones conduct. On
reference to the rules and regulations, he found that Mr. Jones
was authorised in waking this charge ; that he was entitled to
M. for every after hundred, Ile (Mr. Hume) now objected to
the law, which enabled the Marshal to make these exactions.
On instituting an inquiry, he found that Mr. Jones, would give
Mr. Latouche the rules again, if he gave security for his debt,
and to keep the peace. Ile should move, under the circum-
stances, that the petition ho brought up.
Mr. DAWSON said, the Marshal was remarkable for.his hu-
manity mud excellent conduct. He might have charged SW. if
he pleased for the Hutt% he had given. • The conduct of the Pe-
titioner had been most outrageous ; he fired pistols at the patrol,
and was guilty of other excesses.
Mr. HUME freely confessed, after v hat he had learnt of the
character of the petitioner, he was not warranted in saying any
thing particularly in his favour.—The Petition was then laid on
the table.

Mr, HUME presented a Petition from a weaver in Glasgow,
complaining that he did not get more than from five to six shil-
lings the week as wages.. The Petitioner prayed the House to
fix a minimum of wages, as Parliament had fixed o minimum of
the price of corn.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr, HUME gave notice, that Lord. Charles Somerset not hay-
ing yet come home, he should present a Petition from Colonel
Bradley on Friday next. • -
• Lord JOHN RUSSELL postponed his motion relating to Bri.
bery and Corruption at Elections, to next Friday. His Lord-
ship also presented a Petition from Trait*, its the county of Kerry,
praying the House to inquire into the bribery and corruption
practised at that place.—Laid on the table.

SLAVERY.
Mr. C. R. ails preftnted 4 Petition from the Planter* and
Owners of Estates in the British West India Colonials, against any
alteration of their property, without allowing au adequate emu-
pensation.—Ordered to be printed.
A great number of petitions were presented praying for the
Abolition of Slavery.
