POSTAGE.

An fiox. MEMBER presented a petition from some place in Kent for
a reduction in the rates of Postage

Referred to the Committee mPostage.
CHURCH PROPERTY.

An MN. MEMBER presenteJ a petition from a parish in Essex,
praying that any improved value which might be given to Church pro.
perty should be applied to strictly ecclesiastical purposes.

NEGRO SLAVERY.

An HON. MEMBF.II presented a petition from Wellington, Salop, for
the abolition of Negro apprenticeship.
Captain WEMYSS presented twelve petitions from the County of
Fife, praying for the abolition of Negro apprenticeship; also against
additional Church endowments ; also for a reduction in the rates of
postage.

Mr. G. W. WOOD presented a petition from Kendon, signed by 500
persons, praying for the immediate extinction of the system of Negro
apprenticeship.

Mr. VJARBURTON presented petitions, praying for a low and uni-
form rate of postage from 150 London solicitors and attorneys ; from the
mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of Bridgewater; and from three other
places. Al.q) a petition on the subject of the Baron de Bode's claims,
containing a denial of the truth of certain statements set forth in do-
cuments laid on the table of the House, and praying that an opportunity
might be afforded to prove the truth of the allegations contained in the
petition.—The petition was ordered to be printed.

Mr. RIPON presented a petition from Gateshead, praying for the
total abolition of slavery.

Sir WILLIAM HEATHCOTE presented a petition from a parish
in Hampshire, praying for the be'ter observance of the Sabbath.

Mr. CHALMERS presented a petition against the New Prison
(Scotland) Bill.

Mr. PEASE presented several petitions from different parishes in
Durham, praying for the total abolition of Negro slavery.
Mr. DIVEI7 presented a petition from a place in Devonshire for the
immediate abolition of Negro apprenticeship.
Lord ADA RE presmtcd two petitions praying for the immediate abo-
lition of Negro slavery.

Sir R. INGLIS presented a petition from the Chancellor and Fellows
of the University of Oxford against the recommendation of the Ecclesi-
astical Commissioners relative to a new valuation of Church property.
The HON. BARONET also presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Bedford, Tavistock, and other Squares, in favour of the Metropolis
Improvements Bill.

Mr. Sergeant TALFOURD presented a petition from a laity named
Green (we understood), in favour of the Custody of Infants Bill, sho
being suffering severely on account of the present state of the law.
Mr. M. ATT WOOD presented several petitions in favour of the im-
mediate abolition of the apprenticeship system.
Similar petitions were presented by Colonel Davies from Worcester.
Mr. HAWES presented a petition from the inhabitants of Peckham,
and Monmouth, iu favour of the immediate emancipation of the negroes.

POSTAGE.
An Hos. ikfloinErt presented a petition from the Editors of Oxford
Newspapers, praying for an alteration in the present s)stem or Postage.

NEGRO SLAVERY.

Colonel BERKELEY preaented a petition from Gloucester praying
for the abolition of Negro apprenticeship.
On the motion of Mr. SANFORD, certain returns were ord,red
respecting the Yeomanry, and the expense attending them for the year
1837.

Sir R. PEEL presented petitions from the operatives of Adley, in the
West Riding of York, in favour of the Factories' Bill. The Right
Hon. Baronet also presented four petitions from different parishes in
Staffordshire, against the Poor Law Amendment Act. Also several
petitions in favour of a uniform penny post ; and also petitions against
the Copyright Bill.
Mr. HAWES presented a petition from Dudley, in favour of the
British manufacturers' Protection Bill.

Colonel SIBTHORP postponed his motion for a elect Committee
upon Fire Insurance, till the 31st of the present month.

THE WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS.

Mr. WARBURTON wi,hed to asl7,tt; ';1;leI;;c1,—;he Secretary for
the Home Department, what holida)s he intended to give the House at
Whitsuntide ?—(Laughter.)
Lord J. RUSSELL said that at present he intended only to move the
adjournment over Whitmonday and Tuesday.

CANADA.
Mr. HUME begged to ..sk the Noble Lord what was understood by
her Majesty's Government to be the actual condition of Upper Canada.
He wished to know whether civil or military law was at present in force
in that Province. He perceived from the Newspapers that the Civil
Courts were at present sitting, and that at the same time military law
was in operation. The Civil Courts were very active in trying persons
accused of high treason.—(Hear.) In such a state of affairs he was
compelled, although with great reluctance and regret, to ask for a copy of
the instructions to Sir George Arthur. Since the arrival of that officer
in the province two executions had taken place upon the 12th of
March—six were ordered for the 20th, and other four for the 27th.
The
habitants were surprised and horrified at witnessing such an ex-
hibition, and even the Executive Council had endeavoured to stay
the hand of the executioner in vain. The object of his (Mr. Hume's)
enquiry was to ascertain what was the actual condition of the unfortu-
nate province in respect to the administration of the laws—ivhether it
,vas under a Civil or Military Government.—(Haar, hear, hear.)
Lord J. RUSSELL said, with regard to the state of Upper and
Lower Canada, he could only state that several laws had been passed
by the Legislature in Upper Canada, prescribing a certain mode of trial,
according to which persons charged with treason were to be tried. The
Government at home had not yet received copies of these Acts. He was
informed that two persons to whom the Hun. Members alluded had been
tiled before the ordinary tribunals, but no intimation had reached him
that the executions had taken place. With regard to the instructions
sent out to the Governor of Upper Canada, he had no objection to
produce them to the house.—(Hear, hear.)
Mr. lIUME had moved for copies of those laws, as he understood the
ersons in question hail been tried by ex post facto law.
Sir G. GREY said the laws to which the Hon. Member alluded had
not yet been received at the Colonial-office.
