been much the wiser course to have accepted the offer of

the Middlesex Magistrates.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR said he lino', of no such offer,
though he had heard an intimation that it was wished to
have it as a new jail for Westminster. He had objected to
the Penitentiary, .as being unwholesome, and he would not

consent to any further cost.
Mr. HOBHOUSE agreed with the Noble Lord (Low-
ther) that the Penitentiary was a most useless charge.
There was no instance whatever in which any building
cost so much, and was of so little utility. It was, in fact,
prejudicial to the very objects it was meant to promote.
The best thing they could do would be to accept the offer
of the Magistrates, and thus put an end to the expellees of
that establishment.
Mr. BYNG said that no offer whatever had been made.
Mr. WM. PEEL said that all the information required
was already in print before the House.
Mr. PORTMAN suggested to the Hon. Member for
Sussex the propriety of withdrawing his motion for the
present, and of giving notice of it for another night, and
in the interim he might ascertain the extent of the in-
formation before the House.
Mr. Secretary PEEL thought the Hon. Member for
Sussex had better withdraw his motion for the present, as
thereby he would enable himself to be better prepared as to
the returns which were actually necessary to be produced.
He believed the greater part, if not the whole, of the in-
formation sought by the Hon. Member was already before
.the House.

After a few words from Mr. CURTEIS, the [notion was
withdrawn. _

Mr. FYLER presented a petition from the Operative
Woollen and Silk Weavers of Newchurch and Rochdale, i❑
Lancashire, complaining of distress, and praying for a free

Importation of Corn.
Mr. H. DRUMMOND brought up the 'Report of the
Select Committee on the Alehouse Licencing Bill, which
was ordered to-be taken into consideration this day se'n-
night.
Mr. MUNDAY presented three petitions from Derby-
shire, against the Small Notes Bill.
Mr. W. SMITH presented a petition from the inhabitants
of Diss, in Norfolk, against the continuance of slavery in the
West Indies.
Mr. HUME presented a petition, signed by 960 of the
Friendly Society of Carpenters, held at the Hole-in-the-
Wall, Fleet-street, praying for the free importation of
Corn, and that the corn resolutions should not be suffered
to pass into a law without the House having previously
examined witnesses at the bar in support of the prayer of
the petition.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR presented a petition from the in •
habitant± of the city of Durham, praying for the abolition
of slavery in the West Indies.
Mr. PENDARVES presented four similar petitions
from Cornwall, stating that the petitioners were willing to
contribute their proportion of any sum of money which
might be awarded to the Planters as indemnification.
Mr. W. PEEL moved for a return of the 19th Report
of the Commissioners of Charities.

Mr. PEEL brought up copies of the correspondence be-
tween the United States and this country, relative to the
West India Islands ; also a return of the prisoners corn mitted
during a specified period to Leicester gaol.
Mr. HEATHCOTE presented two petitions from land-
owners and wool-growers of Carnarvon, praying for a
duty on foreign wool.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL gave notice that he
should, on the 12th of June, bring in a Bill to prevent the
undue assumption of the title of Baronet in Ireland.
Mr. DUNCOMBE presented a petition from Yorkshire
against the importation of Foreign Wool.
Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from the
Chamber of Commerce, of Waterford, praying for the ad-
mission of foreign flour into Ireland.
Sir J. GRAHAM presented a petition signed by the
Merchants, Bankers, Tradesmen, the Sheriff of Cumber-
land, and 800 others, assembled at a public meeting in
Carlisle, against the Small Notes Bill, and.praying that the
Small Note circulation should not be prohibited in England,
whilst it was prohibited in Scotland.
Mr. SLANEY presented a petition from Sheffield
against the Malt Act of last Session. The Hon. Member
inquired whether there was any intention to alter the law.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he
could not promise that any change should be made with
respect to taking the duty on malt.
Mr. WOOD said the present system operated unequally,
and that what the Maltsters wished was, that the duty
should be taken before the malt was sprinkled.
The petition was then ordered to he printed.
Mr. SPRING RICE brought in a Bill to render pro-
missory notes payable in the places in which they were
drawn.—Read a first time, and ordered to be read a se-
cond time on Friday next.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. Secretary PEEL moved that the House, at
its rising, should adjourn to Friday next. I❑ doing
this he observed that the state of the public business
would not allow of a long adjournment of the House, but
as Thursday next was a day on which the House could
scarcely sit, and Wednesday was a day on which there was
little business, he proposed to adjourn to Friday next.
Mr. HUME took this opportunity to ask the Chancellor
of the Exchequer whether he would postpone the Miscel-
laneous Estimates until Monday next.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he
was desirous not to take the House by surprise, but there
were many of the Miscellaneous Estimates which would
not call forth any opposition, and he thought those might
be passed.
Mr. HUME said, the first items related to the Diplo-
matic Estimate, and would excite a long discussion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER agreed to
postpone the Estimates.
The Pension Act was then read a third time and
passed.
