FURTHER PARTICULARS RECEIVED THIS DAY.

We have received a letter from Ludlow dated yester.
day, and are glad to learn that Mr. Mackreth was still
alive and hopes are entertained of his recovery. The pri-
soner Misters had undergone two long examinations
before the Magistrates, but without sufficient evidence
being produced to bring the crime home to him. He
has made a voluntary statement giving an account of his
movements after leaving Birmingham, and also at the
Angel inn, on the night the attack was made. We
copy the following from the first number of a new paper
called the Ludlow Standard, published on Saturday,
the 2.2.1 August :
" The medical gentlemen called in being unable to
say the wounded gentleman could long be expected to
survive, the Mayor and Borough Magistrates, in whose,
hands the management of the case necessarily rested,
determined on taking the deposition of Mr. Mackreth,
as he lay on his bed. They accordingly proceeded to
his room, and partly in whispers, for the almost dying
man spoke with great difficulty, and was obliged to be
propped up with pillows, took the following account :
Some of his linen was marked " M.," or" \V. M. M.'

In the course of the conversation which took place he
asked "if the razor was bloody'" Mr. Downes said
" Yes," and told him to keep himself easy, they should
soon make some discovery relative thereto.
During reading the deposition he said his night shirt
was detained (held by some one) when he jumped out
of bed, and torn. The shirt, which was round the body
of the poor gentleman, was examined, and found turn
from the left shoulder downwards.
DEPOSITION :

William Mackreth—That is my name ; sometime
this morning, whilst I was in bed, I was awoke by feel-
ing soraething at my throat ; I put my hand up to my
throat and felt a hole ; 1 felt no pain ; I felt blood
running, and in a moment I felt hands there ; I in-
stantly pushed them away and jumped out of bed ; it
was dark, and I could see no one ; I jumped out on the
side next the window ; I called for assistance, and broke
the window to make an alarm ; I found the blood run-
ning fast ; I went to the window again and broke another
;lane of glass ; no one answered me. I groped round the
room to find the door ; I could not find the door ; at
last I found the door and got into the passage. I turned
to the left and went down stairs, calling out all the
while as loud as I could till I found myself getting
weaker, and I could scarcely speak at all. When 1
got to my bed-room door it was a little open. lam
quite certain it was not shut, although when I went
to bed last night I locked the door. I remember well
the lock went hard, and I turned the key both ways
Lotore I could lock it. I had only two razors about me.
they are in separate cases, with white handles. One
was in my small box, with the razor strop,
combs, brushes, Etc., and the other was in the large
box. Mr. Cooke, the landlord, was the first
person, I believe, that came to me when I was calling
out going down the stairs. I returned to bed last
night about 11, or very soon after. I took my hoots
off in the travellers' room, and had a pair of slippers
I left my slippers when I got
to come up to bed.
into bed on the r.ght hand side of the bed, where I un-
my large box was open when I went
dressed myself ;
to bed ; it was on the chair by the window. I kept
my smaller box inside the large one, and I had taken
the small one out and placed it on the dressing table
before I went to bed. I remember when I was dis-
turbed this morning, and when I jumped out of bed that
I opened the large box, lifted up the lid, and put
a small parcel and a bottle into the box. I was not
go:b•oa xs also
was
aware I was cut so bad then ; this was after 1 had
broken the window and cried out.
money Th 'Thought u
ag
nh
dt
pI
oheekaertd.
book.
some one answer at once.
in my bed-room,leannot wheresvear
whether the dr-ivin
I
keep
y my driving-box
locked last night or not. I had about 80/. or 90/.
about me.

I am quite certain the individual who has injured me
stood on the left hand side of the bed. I was half
awake when I felt the hole in my throat. I did not
feel the cut that had done it all ; but in a moment, when
I put my hand to my throat, I felt some man's band
upon mine ; and then I jumped out of bed, dragging
the clothes with me. I felt the blood, and was much
alarmed, and cried out as loud as I could.
When I saw the landlord I could not speak, and
made signs for something to write upon ; vherl
said, " What have you been about," sun7:).-sing I had
done itself. I came from Bridp—cnorth last ; arrived
here at five o'clock '
. night ;°dined at ;
slept at WePI-ock the night before at the White
1P-
; drove in a horse and gig alone, and dined

EVENTN'G EDITION!:

.7.54
alone at ,k,lunslow. I carried up the driving-
itLa on the drawers ; the chambermaid carried thilodlei
had no suspicion till aroused in the tnanner
put up my right hand, felt a hole, was alarmricrAld4iiii:<-)A'
felt hands over me (a razor with a black frindlo,sol:;:‘ -
here produced by a policeman, and to a question if
were his razor, he replied, " It is not") ; had n0:41%j-
-fer matches about me ; never carried any ; recoil/set,.
distinctly, on turning the lock twice, I did lock-- the ,7*.%
door, and believe it was locked ; it was closed. (Here
the lock was tried, and found to fasten.)
Heard a person at the time I awoke, and cried out ;
was lying on my back, just as I am now. (The wounded
man °I
asked " If there was any knowledge who the
razor with the black handle belonged to ?") I left no
one in the commercial room when I came up.

I perlixtly recollect being held ; did not look under
the bed, but believe there was some person concealed
in his room, or came down the chimney, or got in some
way. The statement is true, and I have not the least
objection to swear it.

I had everything to make me happy, and
to be married in five weeks.
The deposition, as in substance above, was read by
the Town Clerk.
The wounded gentleman having been sworn to the
statement, he signed it with a firm hand.
" WILLIAAI MACKRETH."

SECOND EDITION.
THE FUNDS-(CLOSING PRICES.)

BRITISH FUNDS.
Rank Stock
3 per Cent. Red 9s4 , Ditto Bonds
3 per Cent Cons ...... .. 89* Ditto Old Annuities
4 per Cent Red........ 993 Ditto New Annuities —
New 31 per Cent
New 5 per Cent ...
Long Annuities to expire Ditto Small
Jan. 1860. l3 11-16 Bank Stock for Acct —
Oct. 1859 ... ...... 133 India Stock for Acct —
Jan. 1860......... 13 5-16 Consols for Acct 90
FOREIGN FUNDS.

Austrian, 5 per cent Portuguese, 5 per cent.
Belgian, 5 per cent 101; Ditto, New Ditto —
Brazilian 80w15... .. .. 80A- Prussian, 5 per cent....
BuenosAyres, 6 per cent Russian, 5 per cent. ... 115
Chilian, 6 per cant Ditto, Metallic
Colombian, 6 percent... Spanish, S per cent 2511
Ditto, 1824 25 Ditto, Deferred ..
Danish, 3 per cent.... 78 French,s per cent...lllf. 50c
Greek, 1825, spercent. Exchange —L —c
Mexi.,an, 5 per cent.... French,3 per cent —f. —c.
Ditto, 6 per cent, 1825. Dutch, 2i per cent 52
Peruvian, 1825, 6 per ct. Ditto, 5 per cent..... 102*
SHARES.
Eastern Counties Railway
Great North of England Railway
Great Western Railway
Ditto New Shares 5l
Hull and Selby
London and Brighton Railway 2si
London and Blackwall Railway
London and Birmingham Railway
London and Greenwich Railway 8
London and South Western Railway .. 571
London and Croydon Railway (Trunk) lll
Midland Counties Railway
North Midland Railway
South Eastern and Dover .. 7
York and North Midland Railway 69

SPIRIT of the PUBLIC JOURNALS

FROM THE EVENING PAPERS OF THIS DAY.
(From the Globe.)
" We demand to know," says the Times," why are
the Dublin repeal meetings permitted by the Govern-
ment ? Will it be pleaded that they want strength to
suppress the evil ? This is true ; but not the, less is
their shame." We demand to know on our part, what
Government, whether Whig or Tory, when a country is
peaceful, would be mad enough to screw a stopper upon
such ebullitions as are merely " the hissing of the safety-
valve," and have no -resemblance to the " bursting of
the boiler." If the Whig Government " want strength
to suppress the evil," so did the Tory Government
in 1830, when the same evil had raised its head,
We want to know why that Government did not step-
press the Dublin repeal meetings? Why did it. not
also suppress the Birmingham Union, which lied com-
menced its then formidable operations the ,ear previ-
' ously ? We can only presume that " it wanted strength
to suppress these evils," if the !'lines is to be fliardect as
the organ of Tory wishes. What are the Dubin
repeal meetings—what is the Birmingham Union
710 W rThere was a great clamour raised not long
ago about Lord John Russell's assertion at Liverpool o
the Constitutional right of the people to express their
opinions at public meetings. There can be no doubt
that occasions may arise when that right must le
limited by superior considerations of public safety and
order. But we would ask whether the constant outcry
for such restrictions, without reference to any threat-
' ened disturbance of the public peace,is the mode of
proceeding really best calculated to avert such disturb-
an et s. If it be so, assuredly Whig organs sin by omit-
ting such outcries, and Whig Ministers sin by omitting
acts in accordance with them. But, if it be so, Tory
rulers, of late times, have sinned still more deeply, be-
cause they have sinned ( according to the prints of their
party) against better knowledge. According to the
views which those organs conceive to contrast most fa-
vourably with Liberal licentiousness, and hold forth as
the creed of their party, the leaders of that party (at
the later periods they have been in power) have been
inexcusable in not having enforced the whole code of
restriction which the Pitt or Castlereagh epochs of
alarm placed at their legal disposal.
(From the Courier.)
There is a curious admixture in the Paris papers of
war speculations and ministerial incriminations. The
Journal des Debars, in an article of some length,
worked up with great tact, probes the causes cf the panic
which occurred on the Thursday at the Bourse, on the
propagation of certain rumours that the " Russians were
in Asia Minnr, the English at St. Jean d'Acre, and the
French at Candle." Now, the intelligence of these
events was said to have been communicated by a
telegraphic despatch from Toulon received by the minis-
try on that day. Reports to the effect stated were no-
toriously in circulation, and acted upon stocks so as to
create a sudden and considerable fall, yet the Minis-
terial papers of the same evening, anxiously looked
for, made their appearance without one word of con-
firmation, denial, or explanation, as to the validi y
of the news. Now in this country, where Minis-
terial reserve is carried much farther than in Paris,
it would have been deemed proper only by the
Government to have interposed in such a case
with some statement confirmative or negative of the
reports abroad ; but in Paris, where the connection
between the Ministry and their organs is so much more
direct and confidential, the departure from an established
rule in this instance could not fail to be productive of
general inconvenience and damage, and to give rise to
suspicions very discreditable to the personal characters of
Ministers already accused in public opinion of making
official facilities subservient to the purposes of the Stock
Exchange. NITe shall see to-morrow what reply or ex-
planation will be given by the Ministerial Papers to
these indirect imputations of the Journal des Debuts.
The Commerce follows on its proposed scheme for an
" armed neutrality" of neutral maritime powers against
England in the event of war.
(From the Standard.)
lf "France wants nothing for herself,"—if " France
merely aims at the status quo—France may fairly
concede the same to England. England wants
nothing for herself: England aims at nothing but
the status quo. England is already encumbered and
embarrassed by the extent of her territories, more
particularly of her continental territories. During the
last fifty years, twenty-five of which she was en-
gaged in a war for her existence, England has
not voluntarily extended her territorial authority,
She has been compelled to occupy posts for the
protection of her trade ; and in India a vast em-
pire has forced itself upon her—the native princes
have thrown themselves under her protection,
as a common refuge from the effect of recipro-
cal animosities. Our Indian empire is, indeed, in
part a realisation of that beautiful theory of Bishop
Butler, that a state at once powerful and just would
find it difficult to avoid universal empire. But though
compelled thus to enlarge her imperial boundaries,
Great Britain has waged no war of ambition for fifty
years, either upon the pretext of " national honour," or
" national glory," or any other pretext. Far betteris it tor
us, and far better do wo like it, that other nations enjoy their
independence, if they give us their friendship ; we have
thus the benefit of commerce without the cost neces-
sary to protect dependencies. Compare the conduct of
England and of France in respect to Algiers. Each
nation had an insult to resent—England effectually
vindicated her honour by the victory of August 27,
1.816, and contented herself with exacting three erect-
ditions—the extinction of Christian slavery for the
future ; 2d. The instant liberation of all the Christian
slaves in the principality, whatever their nation ; 3d. the
repayment of the sums extorted as ransom. Having
obtained these conditions—conditions not for England,
but for the Christian race—Lord Exmouth withdrew
his gallant fleet, amid the merited plaudits of the civi-
lised world. France in her turn subdued the Dey ;we
need not tell the rest.

The hero of Ghuznee, Lord Keane, has ob.
tained the Rai al license that he and his descendants may
bear, in addition to the family arms, the following honour..
able augmentations:—" On a chief a representation of
the strong and important fortress of Ghuznee," and thrr,
crest of honourable augmentation following, viz,," ou a
wreath a representation of the Cabool gate of the laid
fortress of Ghuznee," which was blown in by gunpo order
on the 23d of July, 1839, and the fortress storrt.ed ott
ay.observe that Mr. Campbell: so many year
a favourite
at the Sadler's ells Theatre, is to take ti
benefit at the Grecian Saloon, City Road, on WedrAeaday
that‘ day.
W'next. We hope that on this occasion the public,, whom
he has so long and so successfully served, will ensure Mr.
Campbell a full house and a Leavy purse. The bill of
fare for that evening is of itself sufficiently attractive to
our play-go;ng friends, independently of the additional
gratification they will receive from contributing to the
funds of an old stager,
