PARTICULARS of tits CAPTURE of GEN. RIEGO.

The following ,particulars are by an eye-wit-,
ness of that event. Thty are interesting:—
" After haiing been completely defeated by the .French,
ch,
Riegle Wandered in the mountains, with about 20 follOwera,
on horseback, 18 of whom were superior oft,cers. Exbautited
with fatigue and huner, he met the Hermit of La Torit (10,
Pearogf and'
an inhabitant o Vilches, named Lopez Leta.
He took them aside and said—' My, friends you have now an
opportunity of making your Own and ramifies' fortunes; you
have only to conduct me, unobserved by any one.whateyer, to
Carolina, Citrboneras, and Navas de Tolosa, where I have pod
friends, who wilt procure ma asuide to Estremadum, whither
an desirous or probeeding,* The hermit and his companion
refused his offers; but Riego caused them to be seized and
mounted upon two maths, declaring to them, at the santo tirne
that whether willing or not they, should serve as guides to the
troop.
"At night-fall they proceeded onward. Riego spoke to his
companions of his journey from Madrid into Andalusia, of the
places where he found acquaintenee, &c. The guides' concleded
from this unguarded conversation, that. he was the faraou,
Riego. From thiernomeut the'brave Lopez Lira was only oc
cupped in deviSing means for delivering this notorious airline)
into the.binds of sustice. At daybreak they round theruselve4
near the farm Raquevivanes. Riego said' they would demand
an asylum there; on which Lent 'knocked.at the door, itedit so
happened that it was one of his own brothers, named Mateo;
who came anti opened it.
" Riego, fearing that too numerous en escort' would betray
him, would only permit three of his faithful followers to inter
with him. One of these was an Englislf Colonel, who, impiess+
ed with mistrust, .Hastily closed the door, locked it, and
pocketed the key. They fed 'their horses and reposed there:
selves in the stable, with their drawu:'ewnrds by ;their sides.—
Riego, on awaking,' paremptorily td Lopez Lars that he
must get his horse shod. Well,' replied the latter, who felt
all the importance of the occasion, t I will go and get it done at
brother Matep.shotiltlandertake the conaghtliqn,
Itiewe refusied,, end expressed a desire that his •
not by lend=
ing the horse to Arqiiillos, but by fetching a farrier. Lopel
had ouly. time to whisper his brother : This inan is Itiego ; ,
give information to-the-magistrates, and ettY, that lee -.are pre-
pared to do our duty.
" Possesied of theiame intelligence as his brother, Mateo
agreed upon the.way in which he would act, and he promised
so tb menage,thattßiego
• •
should.be at breakfast when the armed -
force should surround the house.
" Riego, in fact, eat down to breaklitst immediately on team
ing from .Blateo that the farrierwits coming forthwith; but the
Englishman, oonatantly impresaed with hipi to s, slid not quit .
the wlndoiv, Mini which, with telescope, he kept a loelt-out all
round; Suddenly ho exclaimed, Commandant, we•tire last !
—here are armed parrot advancing..
"t AiniVeried Riegn, but at tbat instant Lopez and Mateo
,seized the carbines, and cocked and levelled them at the
waiters; saying, .the first who intlYell hi a dad titans ' They
bed already grasped their swords, but the ,resoltithei of Riego
ail at °nee forsook him. * Ili /et them the hie* halide behind Ttip
hack. :He.even,said politely-to Lopez, culling 141711 twaitro
increed)—‘ Have the goodness to tell the men _who are coining.
not-to hurt tir'since we arc your prisoners.'"
" The Aleede entered, tolloWed by an armed force. /liege
supplicated him in a similar Manner not Wilt/ hitteauTharni,
and, as a pledge, to embrace. him. •
" The Alcade felt much repugnance to embrace a man who
who had iitinight, P.MADY 001:UPOn his country, ;,but the in.
dulgent Lopez urged him ,to do so in the name of Christian
charity.
mego,then the Aicatie's men all the money: he
had about him, to be treated with humanity ; which the Alcadei
'forbade' anY'of them accepting;, and addressing the' Priiontri,
,itaid—'.luteice will dechogle yAtc.)
""rire CiVil*Cotinnandatit 'of Ail uill os soon after arrived with
,r,trunted guard, and took liw4rOle 'P,l,lllo,Aere.
The hermit and the two countrymen 'showed throughout
this rink a devotion andintelligence-which insure to them the
g-ratittnie of all loyal Spaniards;"
„,„

ASIATIC Tuititti..--(SmNrna, ug.2o.)—The
situation of Asiatic -Turkey is fare froth hung consoling, an the.
following extract front the spertagur Orleptal will chew :--: lye.
'are' infarniedsfrom Pergauto; of'Attgast 'Itl; that tie country is
at thin moment tranquil, but that order, ILhich has, been com-
pletely restored, can chit telair the culls'tinder titilih 'OP true
.111Lesulmen sufer. ir )0,1c.i.x. of the li'leha of Prquisa juts
repaired to the unfortunate vulage of Ayanniti, eight 1'00,4
frmn this place.. The horde which ill-treated tb.eyeas 1,,,
Pergautp, still reeking .with Carnage, °Yeltaa thin Tillage, p t
'all the truil6' Greek!: to death, and reduced' -'the women add Chi ..
dren to slavery. The Kittga succeeded in making them give up:
ell the wOrnen anti children who have returriedto Aynerna; to
environs , .butve
.take poseseion ,of their Wanes and pxopery, 1-10700
can
imagine the distress of 'these pocpathcreatures. ' Aced/ding
to the calculations of several (,reeks, htieabt 40110 of thatlttt even
ppnie
perished at Pergamo, A)asma, and in the
though the half•ottly Peribed, that would be enough teminide
sent to .be
tht* hair StaPa on end.-.-(Journal des llnuts.) .
r
A la-rgo 'Cast. iron statue of ti malt lino bept)
,
hualed at ll'aterfottlifroln Dahlia. and
hew been
placed upon the middle towc of the three towers laetlY built
at Newtown Bead, the west= plant Trantriore,bny in that
county, with the left hind a-kimbo, and the right extended out,
as a warning to vessels to keep off from that dangerous shore.

Mr. Owen, it must be remembered, is judged
differently by every individual, and always ac-
cording to the peculiar tenets or bias of opinion
those individuals have been given from their,
youth up; great forbearance, therefore, ought to
be used to those under such, circumstances, for
the mistakes and error of their judgment, incom-
potent as many of us must be to form a right one,
from the pains taken in early life to pervert the
human understal►ding. •

It is the lot of all who do not follow in the,
beaten track to be objects of hatred and 'sus.
picion to those who do; and so effectually has
the barrier been pit to the march of intellect,
that few are gifted with faculties extensive or
percipient enough to see beyond themselves into
the boundless regions of the moral. World. It
is, therefore, nowise astonishing that one should
call Mr. Owen a primitive Christian, another an,
atheist, a third a madman, a fourth a wise and
good man,and a fifth 44. e non-descript amongst the
monsters of the moral world !!!" This last
tion of character is, by the way, less offensive than
might be supposed on a first view, and has some.
thing in it of poetical dignity, which I think may
verrwell compensate for its asperity. A monster
is a thing, as we believe, out ,of the ordinary
course of nature, misshapen, and differing in all
respects from the models before us ; accord.
ing, therefore, to the notions we have been giv.
ing of nature, -this description is not totally
applied to Mr. Owen. ' In the moral world,
differing from generally received opinions, how.
ever erioneousthose may be, is called unnatural.
Judging, therefore, by this false but given stand-
ard, Mr. Owen may be said to entertain monstrous
and misshapen opinions, as, unfortunately for the
interests of society, his are not common. For
theltness of the other epithets, as applied to
this gentleman, I refer to those who wish to sa-
tisfy' themselves, to a late publication of Mr.
Abraham.CoMbe, of Edinburgh, on 46 The Use
of local and general Terms ;" u small work, re,
plete with useful information, benevolence, and
good sense.
The standard for judging men, offered. us by..
CHttive himself, bits bete, as lu all such Cases;
been totally laid aside by those who.makemest
profession Of their faith, yet lose sight of the
Christian spirit which f, thinketh no
tree 'may be knowb by its frult"---a man by,
the- consistency of his actions. By this on,
erring and righteous rule, we may fairly eon.
chide' that Mr. Owen is a wise and benevolent
man,and though not a 'preacher, a pratitisor of
Christianity ; the 'dogma ho leaves to those
'wits would occupy themselves in angry and use..
less disputation. His object is to be practically
serviceable to his fellow-man, without any
tinction of sect, party, or opinion; to heal the
angry feelings of, one towardi the other, to in,
spire •nren with mental chnritY, as the only means
or rectifying individital error, and averting thest,
evils that our false notions of right or wrong have
brought clasSes of society.' e;
But, sir, the question at issue is of far greater:
itnoortance tharrtheinetits or demerits of ati
that with .which Mr. Owen is connected
is truly motnentoui, as involvingthe best interest's
of the liumati 'Spe'Cies This Gentleman offers. a
system' to the world purposing to arneliorate the
condition of .the,, working classes, and. ulti-
Mately 'that of all society, vs the natural conse.-
quence in the ortler of events. This project must
be examitted apart, and judged' according to its
merit, and not to that of itir author. It is quite
'evident that, under the old and corrupt syiteth,
.hntnan nature has long been ;retrogiltding,to
state of frightful debasement—or, in btberwordS,
society has' long since completed- the cleat) Pre-
scribed': to civilization, and is now ripe, even fall-
ing to pieces; in the fidnesa of all 'moral corrup-
tion.

system proposing to rescue us from a gull
ready to Awallair up the best interests of the ci-
vilftted world should surely not be carelessly
glanced at by the thinking and sane part of the
community, or laid aside et the instigation of the
selfish. tltt fuoatical, and' the churlish, who
have been taught' to .eiCmate the good they
enjoy 0;4 by the contrast presented to them
in the misery and privation of their 'fellow.
cre;i tures. This stupendoui project Is one, indeed, 1
which our present igtiorince, and incapacity of
seeing beyond ourselves', may make us 'regard
Ilith fear and doubt, in the present disorganized
state soviet}, yet, one that we should not:
throw from us !tastily, and .withaut the m*t se-
rious consideration ; and we should bear in mind,
that a blind perseverance in measures net pro-
ductive of beneficial molts, can but gratify to
presumptuous vanity at the expeuce of our own
dearest interests. and those of society at large.
,Tbose, therefore, w o would leave:'' things to
find their own level," may reasonably eApect to
find theloselves however powerful they
may be, in the gerieralAvreck of social interests,
O system is, • indeed, so divested of
mystery, is to pore and rational in its principle 4,
that ,to this very cause may: be attribntod the
feeble attacks made upon it by the, interested
anal churlish, is.ho,t,tand aghast at the implow,
innovator of old custom, who would Peal"' +'
means of happiness for all mankind, and
who would secure to the
,wealthy a double
portion of all their present enjoyments.

But, say qnr•AkilaAilltaoo4o,,YoPlMC.jsu4iir''
rible !, istheir society
tat) thoroughlY. 4040',
as to wish Ici atitiliirit6''"iiiiies ''"Weitith
the supremeldiitinciltitr betweoirlitan stndistsni?
It is this-that hashitilertA 0?9,0P.W1f4,..441 fl*
r all m
iving society of oral distinction, end es
corrupted and reduced it to a state of dik6l le.
tion hich has no 14)116 'to its success. Th it ac.;
'qtrisltion of Wealth, as the only" tithing need-
ful,",as eve have been 'taught, has so brutalized
:ofiritiatirre and perverted our judgMent, that we
know no distinction in, society;but that !WO
money gives or takes away, With such, Opi-
nioni instilled . mein us by precept and 'kacNi,
from early youth, is it wonderful that the great
mass of mankind should Hie and die ignorant of
their real interests—and that multitudes who
have not been trained in habits that would .en-
able theM to-procure legitimate wealth, should
end their short and'miserableexigence on a scut-;
fold, whilSt others pine hi prisons, as lonely-out-
coals from their species I •
Tf Mr. Owen be a madman, as is pretended by
those Who are unacquainted with 'the sytriplOnis
Which denote a sound and healthy teiod,Aihjf not
at once bring him and his plan to the test,, and
either prove him such, or take the, rational
and honest course of acknowledging them-
selves in error ? Vanity .is no preservative
against the consequences attending a perseverance
in error. But the case in-question. is not one of
triumph and victory to one party and defeat to
the other—,-it involves the common interest ; and
,justice to all demands that the selfish calumnies
of a few should not deprive the manynf the bene-
fits that must accrue' from the adoption of a plan
replete with wisdom, benevolence, and general
utility.
' The presumption, Sir, of one of- -my sex offer-
ing an opinion on -any subject, will, I ,hide
no doubt,' call ' down upon- me the 'sneers
of the pioui, and the displeasure of men
in' general, who think that' an animal so
inferior as woman should be mute, ;though
truly we are only inferior -in as much as
our power of doing mischief is more restricted--
a power that men as lawgivers naturally reserve
to themselves as much es possible ; but as'evil
cannot be altogether prevented by the 'mans bi-
'then° adopted, we are, generally speaking, not
-inactive in our- more quiet operations, .and by
a.re!action very incidental to' human effairs„ fre-
quently become, the instruments of much.iniserr
',to our despotic, but" most approved good, mas-
ters." A. secret is connected with this; well
,
Worthy, the attention of all, which is, that pti-
,
vale happiness must ever be 'tottering aid'ins
cure, whilst any ,amongst es arrogautly 'a'ssurire
the rights and priiileges of a superior mature: L—
. thiig blindly cutting !ht iiiik..,:irhich
.unites in one
commo 1 nature and common cause .'ibri..'ilf hole
human family.
I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant;
Stpt. 27, 1823. - • • .. ANNA.

INTEL,LIC I,INCIL

, „„„.
CAUUnIDG IC, ()CT. 3.--The following gentlemen ot. wreattyl
collep were on NVednesdity last elected t'ellais of that 8601106-* .•
, • , ~..414.,
James Alexander Barnes,rnes, "Thomas Keichever firnort4.„ igfivitt
fob Rawlitisbn Alfred ()Invent, end ;fleorgelAing, IlltellOrti
of Arts.-'-Tife $l, e.leet greedier to whom thelnfternobn i-Wat
St. Illary's church, for the present montht ere.'essigned, Is Oie
IleV. J. C. rretkit, 'Chaplain' Of Trinity .0011i44-vitkivilt eat -
tinue his discourses, as Iltillean 14etutert- Op the t Apofis , isj
Breaching and vindication of Christi:lndy to the detii,' erns,..
Titans, and ilevaitt Qintil .2,1, its eiaohited ill ;lie acts.
.„.
Apostles, ths Epistles tit' St, Peter, and the Epistle toe
Ilebiews.--The Lord' Bishop of 1.-4,), will Ithld ii gene a -
nation in thet7city, an Stnitl4y the '44-nt lylliicernikell
„,., ~
' OXiORD, ()c.c. p.—Tlie, lhverenI'l'eter Eirrtiley, M. A. t
ham beau appointed Principal of St:,Altidn.ltitli; 111041,1,i.
iarsity, vacant by the death of ttle"tata'i)4':}lllstattly,
•XlllPtspetitiation hail paised‘tlieGlieitt fetid; enabling Ilie „Rev.
04:TitliervIlle,' M.A. ticeiittie e.litliti to' the, iitlit' d'A.. ,7irrl
i
Plentreliattlii, to hold the yid iiiiille ; eetery Of hie ;:\ " ~.
Wickeltite, In ltis Lordhip'e pet ttc letiOn, WI Vit, . '
built In the piticese ef•Ni7eicelte7: - • ''' .',. ''
::‘ '''' 4 '''
''
The. ftilleWilii .0 ir'N tleriiefi l'vere OTtialned liy•ltrie 411fillittep
of.Linepin, at,lludrden, on, Sunday seenni ',lit t,.......,
.1 : A
Oa ACONS.--,W. trOaeoll'ltiitiOti 'ti.ii.'i:; *,,O'fihirs tla ec
Cambtidgef floliriPptsilllrritt sttliolift , Ali 00,46 . ty
4 fltil
Ce)l4tkr,. cambilcige ;. t'OpApieel
..,, ,4. tait,'' ..: s. .
Alban ilall,,(lifiirti i'ettai:Ttro'o6l4, P.' ;' ii 10,140 e,
i Cambridge .ii(.111). I'eactiek Illuntl4-1;, St: .lolitt* la ,
bridge ;. A iri. Sot t 1 ileei,et»ll..A. jelt,`.i".'i,?.
,britipv.; .1.~141 ii, "ion n exlt ll'ovvy, p,,
~i,,.,, .:, 0 , g,
OlfPrd•
- rAtlgreil....:4oii;l 1 i iatt, M.A. Sialtey I,Tk . . .
. , .
bridge.; ..isßierpin Plibl, 'II.A. ,'.,i'r,11.11,y3,:;. !,. 1,, . 4. eg.;
Ilenr* Writ-tinier, 11:•A, Ext.ler (01140, 4i it *:rl,. it
KrAip,,l3.A it..rtor, (.4,11,,j:,„ ():.a.ifitl Vill •'. ~ 4,,,,, „..
.1.1.;A:1,41qcolo V.olierc, ( is.r.g., ; It.,,rii-trt 'neai • ...: . .4 - 4
otpw,.., (lxferit; R0g,,,. ,I,,it.%lstltrt, 4L44.• .(,,, t a ',-.1.i''',,..
`bridge; Wiii.liotirrii, 'Qileenai Utillej,' 1' Ad "..!, - -"3
hi
P4pv, 13:A. st. Peter's I' leri krvitYrihr , .'' I', ~ all-
Attper, 11:A. c,oriiiii Cliiiit l'", 4 thlA' Cr O:4 , 4? igui
1 #
11.140qar, 1.1.1 i, Su Albuti Pia 1110T“N IV Alt, ' •
;
Qtte.eri s college, Caintri' ge ; lint"' Orey'lly e;als-. 4, t.
Alban 11411.1440t1; 44111 r elliallds #4.,IVerCPII,I, eo
,Pirfira ; Alontagn Oxendeti, 11:As, -.k.,Xettlt c, ¢, e, liff& -;
'George More MolYniiii,' 1..1;-,. 'Prillity'f, . 46,, oi, . -4,1;
A
Samnel l'roseert 11A. St..loliti's Colh,Te, 'OM rt. TS'''.: '' - '*'
ExcLuslAirrt6iti Pi:Veins' iv ii'fl4.---Th t RCN'', 4 fit 4%11'4° e
Iltlgetakti 17(14414nd, Btll44Clt 41,01'04 Ohlircli, .iMAitit.ztti pre-
tienPcllc 110..1/bean tuul Oiaptql that Sheet to tbpc'iir-
ttize o tl'hernbUrY,‘(flbtieeithrlifilt . ' ne.Riv!'ilittir"V Pet,
ri:At' hitrAieert .-liiert Cad 9tb: th 4 Piipettlail 4,l4e4pfrot -Anus.
lAme, ivy the 'llOll. apoi iNillt•litv.-lho Aiiith.l.4.i44Al4 .' r.
.void ,by the death `or the {toy. Rich: ite es. tie , •v.
'aeorge Pi'led tit- tligli'lllttittte• rif'sWiilW 1440-lAti-iftsik :
kakrost. -thew' ' Kittg:.'J Ai*. Beat -Oberitiiiirfaret°ll4lc4iostit
ieereF.,ol4-fNew,tprittfot4iAlk., ott thobrok,tita;:clqflN re.
AnnA aria TOOOl4lO, Of ilpsWlCll.--,Tbe lieV. '3lr, . rouguitt
*to`tlie. ridetidill Afell tifllinittingittei; lit flerefda e 4414--.
•Ille-Rev., ift:illeteafr,w • !to.lie Ti7sanuritio i :ho4l4l4iit" It) .ti.S 144 ~Il .
th i J)eke of Parnblidger—The It ,W,,liorprfl•4l,)4 Vottissue
C'hapleinfo, 0:11.11. OiD idtirot Valk.
.:i •••• . 4 i ' t i ft- ~,l, ~....., i `,4l+ - .. A. -',.. .
On Sander last, the Lord illishop of thi Ploceso Bete ti_Pri.
vato Onlinall9n witliio tlui,Chapel of the I,oteetiVitatn:,g4,3.,
f
in his l'utice, when Jodu Tratoltri; or(Allititirsi - !Hinz-Ono .
'btidires vetii adreittedirrte'ovilor Ord /'4lf.'l3i, 'fioatelstiVuoi
4itn; Abbott* A.M. 41ilieullgol'e CotiPtrei 04iittlt tro
kiiter
Divvy, !Fo A ulkes. .fl. ut F,'Acta cAlege Qiferil-t"t %in
nieliettn, A.lll. of Chrliti Charelt, ' 0 xtitil i;
awl" 'w.liii Mill-.
.A.ilii--TrlifitiVollegi, I.)tiblin were' admitted ietti-4104vir
Order p(lrisad- -401-;14.,,,rd. ,1t.ip:im.„1.,..T.114/4044.4,ii.„..aj1Qt,
tile Rev. retie.. ',Davy r oulKos to the rerpotuel Care: Uttiouts
ittektegtmt, ha this connty, oit Vie- reliiistrintioiritti.- Richt
Bon. Lord Rolle.—(2?zetri Pl,;aug Pest, Ozieter 1.)

PARIS PAPERS.

[From the afoniteur of Thursday.]

DistAtcu flora Geueral ROMNIIOI.IIIG to the
Minister of War, dated Perpignan, the 27th
September, announcing in an official manner
the surrender of Figueras:—
"MY LORD—I have the -honour to inform

your Excellency that I have this ruornent learnt
that Figueras has capitulated. The garrison are
prisoners of war. On the e9thl the troops of
liaton Dumas will take possession of it.

.4,4 The necessary preparations for the siege of
Inge' are carrying on with activity. Batteries
are already erected against the place at three
iiitre'rent points. " 1 am, &c.
Baron ROTTENBOUIta,
"(The Lieut...Cienerd commanding the Division
of the Eastern Pyrenees."
[The Moniteur like wiso contains a pretty long
Revort from General GUILLEMINOT, respecting
the taking of Fort St. Petri, dated Sept. 22.]

-(From the Journal des !Mats.)
•
. garrison of Figueras consisted of three
tisonsand men. t,
`Unbent has issued from Tarragona with.- two
shciusand men, and is advancing to Lerida.
General Tromelin and Baron Eroles are pur-
suing him with a force sufficient to beat him.—
Milan, has resumed the command of Tarragona.
4.-Lettes‘• from Pampeluna, dated Sept. 18,
says " the Governor had obtained permission for
two covered caravans to leave the town; these
caravans were destined to conceal the French re-
fugees who served iu Pampeluun. They were,
however, too numerous to go off under this con-
vealment. They were consequently compelled
to give them Spanish uniform, and enrol them in
the ranks of the surrendered garrison. Our sol-
diers recognized, them, and dragged them out of
the enemy's ranks, and delivered them into the
hands of the French military authorities."
t From the Pilate.)

MADRID, SEM 3. ( Private Correspondence.)
—According to reports which are circulated, the
disputes which took place between the Regency
and the Duke de Reggio, on account of the ad.
dress from the Royal Army of Navarre, had so
disgusted the Marsha!, that he wished to with.
draw from the capital as soon as possible.

13AYONNE PAPERS, &c.

BAYONNU, SEPT. 25.—The accounts relative

to the contagious disease at Passage became more and more sa.
tiefactory ; the number of dangerous cases is sensibly diminish-
ed,; and the patients that are received into the hospital* hove only
wdiriary sicknesees, in which there is no appearance of conta.
fOun thanks to the strict precautions that have been eaken, and
thanks.te.lll more to the weather which proves daily cooler, we
ehied`have cothiog to feu. There are amounts from 'Pampe-
lan*, which titan:. that that city begins already to feel the re.
etedon which has taken place; the chief of the citizens attached
to the Constitutional system are arrested, and this measure it
seems lute been adopted chiefly towards the rich, who it is re-
Krted will be celled upore to pay a large contribution, though
Ac capitulation says nothing of it. Besides the women who
have been brought away prisoners, a good member, it is said,
have been arrested, for having encouraged the garrison to make
a vigorous defence.
The Madrid Gazette of the 22d is quite insignificant ; that
of the 21st was more interesting, as it spoke of the affitir of Bel-
les:ma and Meg°. Some persons in this city say they have
seen a Proclamation by Ballasteroa,in which he protests against
ail the reports that have been spread of the rupture of the con.
ventlee between him and General Molitor, which he firmly re.
solved to .Maintain. •
One of the King's ships, with four millions of money on
board, is now at the bar of the river, ready to sail on the first
oPreytunity. It seems that we have a great call for money in
Satin e orders have been given at the public offices not to pay
away any five franc pieces, which are to be all sent to Spain in
pre portion as they come.
11 seem* certain that a division of 6000 men of the fifth corps
is going to he detached to reinforce the 4th corps; it is said that
it will he commanded by General Pecheux.
, The hatred of the Royalists to the Constitutionalists continues
frequently to manifest itself in acts of violence : thus the Consti.
tutionaliats of Iron, attempting to return to their homes, nar-
zr•ta4y rues ed being massacred amidst cries of " Death to the
'Sacks 1" toe Negros), and it was with difficulty that the French
garrison o the place saved their lives.
[[From the Bache d'etentraine.]
BonnEe.rir, SETT. 27—While we applaud the valour of
our troop* under General Dames, and rejoice at the great ad-
vantage over the enemy in Catalonia, we cannot help being
astoniebed at hearing' that an enemy's column from Barcelona
should have been able to get nearly to the wane of Figueras
without having been overtaken in this long march. This
column must have been composed of 3000 men nearly, for 2000
were taken prisoners after several actions and harassing
nearchee., and they must have sustained some loss before the ge.
acrid action:
How did it happen that our crullers did not see the great
preparations requisite to embark so many men ? Why could
they riot hinder the landing, either by their own means, or by
eying notice immediately to the Commanders of our Divisions
Wet bleckarie Barcelona ?
The Revolutionary troops having been driven Into that
cke and Tarragona, it is .elifficult to conceive how they were
able to deceive our navy and our army, so as to come with
11,000 men to combat on the frontiers of France, and to try to
rdiEVi!Figueras.
Title resolution was the more bold in the troops besieged in
Arecelona, as the spirit of the inhabitants of the country is ex.
contra, arid the sentiments of the population in Catalonia being
'matron 'With thus; of our army its zeal always watching the
Oany, cannot tab! to inform our Generels of their notions, and
area Of, Lb* intentions.
"ifis true we Nave in Catalonia a sufficient number of troops
toilve the revolution decisive blows, but the main point was to
seinfine the enemy's colurrins to the fortresses, and this we have
dent.
However, 12,000 men are marching to join the Duke of Co.
MOW:0,- and whea.theyitave joinud him, events will aagunia a
deosive character.

betters from Ferrol, of the 10th September,
confirm the accounts previously received through
i
other channels of the fortress of Comma having
been surrendered by NOVELLA, the Governor, to
trio traitorlVloatt.r.o, in consequence of a secret un-
derstanding between them, effected through Col.
cursT A, the Officer who entered the latter on the
Sith August. They els° describe Galicia as
being overrun by Guerilla parties, composed of
the reoialOS of the Constituclonal Army, who in-
tercept the communications between Villa Franca,
,fugo, Crease, and Cornerna. and have been suc-
cessful in utany.afflirs with French detachments.
The writer, who is au ()nicer of rank and talent,
adds, that it is his °pink)," " the war hi the Pe-
ninsula is by no, (MAAS lit an end, Although
monkish missionaries Wanda" through ,the
1124 preach faith and obedience" to the Regency."
-..fOrforning Chronicle)

SOUTH AMERICAN INDEPENDENCE

PRELIMINARY CONVENTION

AGREED UPON BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENT OF
BUENOS-AYRES AND THE COMMISSIONERS OF HIS
CATHOLIC MAJESTY.
The Government of Buenos-Ayres having re-
cognized, and caused to be recognized, in virtue
of credentials presented and legalized in compe-
tent form, Senores Don Antonio Luis Pereyra
and Don Luis de la Robin, as Commissioners from
the Government of his Catholic Majesty ; and
it being, proposed to the said Senores, by the Mi-
nister for Foreign Affairs of the said State of
Buenos.Ayres, to agree to a Convention preli-
minary, to the definitive Treaty of Peace and
Amity, which is to be concluded between the
Government of his Catholic Majesty, and the
Government of the United Provinces, upon the
basis established in the Law of the lgth of June
of the present year ; and they, after considering
and reciprocally discussing whatever they held
to be calculated to conduce to the better adjust-
ment of the relations of the said States, have, in
the exercise of the character with which they
are invested, and of the powers conferred on
them, agreed to the said Preliminary Conven-
tion in the terms expressed in the following

articles:—
Article 1. After sixty days, reckoning from
the ratification of the present Convention. by the
Governments to which it applies, all hostilities,
by sea and land, shall cease between the said
Governments and the Sptrhish nation.
2. In consequence, the General of the forces of
his Catholic Majesty at present in Peru, will
continue in the positions which he shall occupy
at the time of the convention being notified to
him, saving the particular stipulations which, for
reciprocal convenience, the adjacent Govern-
ments may propose or.accept, for the purpose of
improving their respective lines of occupation
during the suspension of, hostilities.
3. The relations of commerce, with the sole
exception of articles contraband of war, shall,
during the period of the said suspension, be fully
re-established between the provinces of the Spa-
nish Monarchy, those occupied by the armies of his
Catholic Majesty in Peru, and the States which
ratify this convention.
4. In consequence, the flags of the respective
States shall be reciprocally respected and ad-
mitted into each other's ports.
5. The relations of maritime commerce be-
tween the Spanish nation and the States which
may ratify this Convention, shall be regulated by
a special Convention, the framing of which shall
be entered upon in pursuance of the present con-
vention.

6. Neither the Authorities administering the
provinces of Peru in the name of his Catholic
Majesty, nor the adjacent States, shall impose
on the trade of cads other higher duties-than
those which may exist at the period of the con-
clusion of the present convention..
7. The suspension of hostilities shall subsist
for the space of 18 months. . .
fa, Within the said period. the Government of
the State of Iluenos-Ayres will negociate„ through
the medium of -a plenipotentiary of the United
Provinces of the Rio de la Plata, and conform-
ably to tie law of the 19th of June, the conclu-
sion of a definitive treaty of peace and amity be.
tweets his Catholic Majesty and the States of the
American Continent to which the said law refers.
9. in case of the renewal of hostilities, such
renewal shall not take place, nor shall the rein-
turns of commerce be interrupted, until four
months after the► intimation of hostilities.
10. The law existing in the Spanish Monarchy,
as well as in the state of Buenos•Ayres, respect-
ing the inviolability of property, even though it
may be an enemy's property, shall have full force
in the case of the operation of the preceding
article, within the territories of the Govern-
ments which may ratify this convention, and re-
ciprocully.
11. As SOOn as the Government of Buenos-
Ayres shall be authorized by the (louse of Re-
pre•sentatives to ratify this convention, it will 'se.
gotiate the accession thereto of the Governments
of Chile, Peru, nod the other united provinces of
the Rio tie la Plata ; and the Commissioners of
his Catholic Majesty will, at the same tune, take
every for giving to this accession, on the
part of the authorities of Isis Catholic Majesty)
the most prompt and complete effect.
12. For the due effect and validity of this con-
vention, the necessary copies shall be signed and
sealed on the part of the Commissioners of Isis
Catholic Majesty with their seal, and on the pare
of the Government of Buenos-Ayres by the sea
of the Department for Foreign Affairs.
Buenos-Ayres, July 4.
(Signed) ANTONIO LUIS PFAU:WU,
LUIS LA. ROBLA,
Commissioners of his Catholic Majesty
ISEILNARDIN ItIVADAVIA,
Minister for Foreign Affairs.

LAW PTIOJECT.—SINoI.E ART/CLIC.

The Government is authorized to ratify the
preliminary Convention concluded on the 4th of
the present month between the Government of

the gist(' of Buenos Ayres and the Commissioners
of his Catholic Majesty resident there ; and ako
to negociate the accession thereto of the States
and Governments mentioned in article 11 of the
said convention.
