DUTC fir PAPERS.

LURECk-, MARCH 20.—The following is he
...-Trochtft•ition .01* the King, of 'Sweden to ,the Nor-
ris or, the 'colicintion of the peace With Den-

'.Vf•!:

. inArk
`` NoYtwr.c*lANsl—the I(in:c of Denmark, by a
's.olmin treaty of peace, concluded- at Kiel on the
14thsofJanuayst*last, has ceded for ever; for him-
self ins his descendant, all his rights" to the
'Ring(loin of Norway to 'us Anil our successors, and
lmasqmlso, in consequence tif-thiS Cession, absolved
h-mm your oath of allegiance to the King of
Denmark and the Danish Crown:- ,The Sivedish
troops will speedily enter your country. Receive
them with tranquillity and confidence. They come
as brethren, as the soldiers 'Of a people whom na-
ture haS united with vim. It is your duty to op-
pose,every foreign-people-who come to attack your
t °nutty, to rob vou'of your property,-or to infringe
your right-6; but the Swedish soldier; descended
from taminion origin with the people of Norway,
c-onie4- to insure, your righfs'and your liberties.—
OarGovemor-General shall take far his guide the
g-pin-ins of the Most respectable persons among
-'s`oti, -in order to lay b.r.'ore us, for our approba--
Con, the plan' of a Constitution Calcurated upon
your wants and your happiness. We promise
von that this CohSiitution shall be founded on the
' tvko_privileses Which belong to a generous and
brave noble people, that of representing their
iitits and wishes by means of their Deputies,
and that of defending themselves. This, Norwe-
gians, is our object •;- our 'heart has no other
views than to prepare your., happiness. • Our be-
loved son,. Commander in Chief of the forces by
sea and land, who at thiS moment is combating
for the freedom and independence of nations, will,
res.neet these,. your rights. Ile' has in this respect
the.same views as we ourselves„ and will imprint
-them in the heart, of his son. ‘. From this-moment
all hatred vanishes between the two nations of
'the 4Scandinavian Peninsula. Their common
strength is founded on mutual concord and confi-
dence. You do not desire to extend your fron-
tiers, you merely deSiee to defend your own soil.
War. will no more spread its evils among you.
The munintairis th'at divide Norway from Sweden
tease to be frontiers. The valour of their inhabi-
tants is .henceforward the only bulwark which
" these kingdoms require. We have taken all pos.
sible ,meastires, to secure you a speedy supply of
corn. Revived trade, and ports again opened,
shall seatmd our efforts' to this end, and prepare a
durable abundant, and rich source of prosperity.
We are convinced, that by your.love of order, by
the obedience which you owe to your new King,
and by the confidence which you will place in
him, and by true .patriotism, you will reward-the
paternal _care which we will ne'ber cease to employ
in your welfare.—Given'at Stockholm, Feb. 8."
I.CYDE!q;APRIL Jong article appears in the
official StocKhohn J9urnal. respecting the state of
Norway. It mentiOns the appointment of Gene-
ral Essen to go to .Norway as Governor, that the
delay, which it appeareddrom the General's ad-
counts, was shown by Prince Christian in •ex-
eeuting the treaty ; it states, that it seemed as
if the Prince hart not received the necessary
instruction, that this unexpected delay hindered
the execution of the benevolent measures, such
as sending large supplies of corn, &c. which his
Majesty bad already ordered for the relief of his
"new-subjeets ; that his Majesty thought •it best
to apply to the Danish Government, the result of
which was- the communication of all the official
documents .(already published in England) order-
ing. the cession of Norway, and recalling Prince
Christian,4c. fitc.• That notwithstanding the-ac-
counts from General Essen, of the 27th of Fe-
brnary,shew that Prince Christian had the pal-
pable intention of .dispbeying •his Sovereign, ex-
citing commotions, and making himself Sovereign
Of Norway, his Majesty expects that the good
people of Norway, so-famed for -their obedience to
the laws, will not expose themselves to the mise-
yies which would ensue from following such per,
nicious councils, and continues thus :
" It seems that Prince Christian, when he
. ttent.to Norway, received secret instructions to
Ese:every means to retain that kingdom till a ge,-
neral peace, in case Denmark should- be obliged
to cede„ it. This order not being positively re-
voked in the King of Denmdrk's first letter of the
27th of January to time Prince, he went to Dron-
-theitn, to inflame the minds of the people of that
province ; and seeing his Majesty's measures'ap-
proved by.thcm, he ordered troops to be assem-
bled, and to be augmented by conscripts". Mean,
time the peace. with England- Was proclaimed;
.while that of Denmark with Sweden was con-
cealed. At the same-time several persons of clis-
.tiuction wereainvited to Eidwaldt, to •whom.the
Prince expressed the necessity of .:maintaining
nnion,at this mojnent of ferment ; a ferment in re-
spect-of which he said that the-inhabitants of the
tiorth,of i?To-rway descend from-their rilotlll-•
t -tains o exterminate every Norwegian who should
to. a fOreign yoke, and which chewed
enually in the
'south of the kingdom.-1
of
not only did the Commandant of Frede-,
rieskall positively .retuse• to surrender to the
Swedes the citadel of that place, but the King of ,
Denmark's birth-day was celebrated at Christiana
by an entertainment; at which all the Civil and
Military Officers were present, Here't Hey placed
in-the Saloon the bust of the. King of Denmark,
svith the Danish flag. flying dver•it • and after
drinking, for the- lasktime-, to a he- health of Fre-
derick VI. the flag was, taken away amidst-a' sa-
lute of artillery, amid replaced by that of Norway,
in which they drank the health of-King Odd
(Prince. Christian)." . .

•
A most sanguinary wam.fmtre has for some
mot-mths past beets waged in the island of Domni-
tilca against the runaway slaves, who had sought
refngr in the woods, and the Maroons, by whom
protected. At an early
they wereharboured.and
t)i...ciott of the contest, the Governor, it is said,
proclaumat-ion, promising pardon to such
of the ru:!.mways as surrendered themselves
_within
a specified period ; and denouncing to those who
did-not take time benefit .of. this act of 'amnesty,
that " the Rangers had orders to take no pri-
sollers, but to,put to death men, women, aria
children, wirbout exception." We know not whe-
ther these atrocious orders were literally fulfilled.

ltENcii-EarircAL REVIEW.
~

, .
OF VIONAPARTE, .THE BOURROttiS,'. ANAIRE'
NEO;SSITY OF RAJ LYING ROUND OUR "AGIT':
MATE PO-SCES FOR :11-1E HAPPINESS OF FrtANC,t,
AND trAT OF EUROPE FR.AUG. DE CITA-
TE A It MANI).
The 'subject 'of this Work, the natbe; the 'cha-
racter, the'priOciples; iincl the talents of its aiith6r,
all recommend it to the attention of the pubrie.;---,
We shall make a few extracts From it,' which 'will
speak its merfts better than an prise we tau
bestow.

After retWicing the circumstances ellichs doting
the Revolution, introduced and successively de-
stroyed in France every form of republican gb-
vernment ; after painting the cunning policy with
which Buonaparte, under the modest title of Con-
sul, at first accustomed the French to feel un-.
alarmed-at his power, the
_author arrives at 1-he'
period when the ,Usurper darer) 'to take a holder
flight, and to seat himself on the throne of Kings.'
He describes, in the following terms, his internal
administration
Then commenced the grand saturnalia of
royalty : crimes, oppression, slavery, marthe'd
equal pace with folly. „All liberty expires'; every
honourable sentimeut,. every generous thought,
become conspiracies against the State. To speak
of virtue_ renders one an object of suspiciOn ; to
praise a good action, is to abuse the Prince.—
Words chancre their meaning ; a people fighting
nil- their legitimate. Sovereigns arc a rebellious
people; a traitor is kfaithful subject; all France
becomes the empire of falsehood; journalS, pam-
phlets, discourses, prose and verse, all. disguise
the truth. If it rained, we are assured that the
sun shone : does the Tyrant appear abroad. amidst
a silent populace, we.are ,told that wherever he
moved he, received the acclamations of the
tilde. The sole object is the Prince ; morality
consists in devoting one's-self to his caprice's, duty,
in praising him. Above all, it was necessary to
bawl out admiration whenever he committed a
• fault or perpetrated a crime.. Literary men are
forced by menaces to celebrate the,despot. They
'Composed, they bargained, as to the amount of
praise ;-7-happy whin, at the expence of some
common-pluck I, about the glory of arms, they
purchased the righesof uttering a few sighs,,of de-
nouncing some crimes, of, reminding people of
some pi ascribed virtues ! No book could appear
without being marked with some eulogy of Buo-
naparte, like the stamp of slavery : in new editions
of old authors, the censorship caused every thing
to be retrenched that spoke against,ConqiierorS, ty-
ranny, and slavery,—in like manner.as the.Direc-,
tory had entertOined_ the design of causing every
thing to be struck out of the same authors, that
spoke of. monarchy and kings. The very alunmacks
were examined with care, and the conscription
formed an article of faith, in the catechism. In
,the arts, the same servitude : BuOnaparte poisons
his soldiers infected with the plague'at Jaffa : a
painting is made which represents him, by an ex-
cess of courage and humanity, touching _these
same plague-infected patients. It was not thus
that St. Louis cured the sick, whom a touching
and religious confidence presented .to his -royal
hands. Not a word, moreover, was to be said of
public opinion ; the maxim was, that the Sove-
reign must mould it every morning. To Boone-
parte's improved police was attached a committee,
charged with giving a direction to men's minds,
and at the head of this committee'was the direc-
tor of 'public opinion. Imposture and silence,
were the grand means employed' to keep the.peo-
ple in error. If your sons die in battle, believe
you that, sufficient attention would be paid to you,
even to.tell you what was.becothe of them? Events
the most-important to the country, to Europe, to
.the whole world, were concealed from you. The
enemy is at Iltaux ; you only learn it by the flight
of the peasants ; you are ,enveloped in darkness ;
your alarms are made the subject, of mockery;
your griefs of laughter ; whatever you feel or
think is despised. For once you raise your voice
---,a spy denounces, a gen d'arme arrests, a mili-
tary-commission tries you; you are shot and for-
gotten. • .
" It was not enough to enslave fathers, children
also must be placed. at the entire disposal of the
_tyrant. Mothers.have been seen hastening from
the extremities of the . empire, and demanding
back with floods of tears the sons whom the Go-
vernment had torn from their arms'. These chil-
dren were placed in schools, where they were
taught, by beat of drum, irreligion, debauchery,
contempt of the domestic virtues, and blind obe-
dience to the Sovereign. The paternal authority,
respected by the most frightful:- tyrants of anti-
quity, was treated 'by Buonaparte as an abuse
and, a prejudice. He wished to convert Our sons
into a sort of Marnellikes, 'without God, without
family, and without country. It appears that thiS
etieiny ()Cour race was bent on destroying France
to its very 'foundations. He has more corrupted
men, dOrleanore mischief
_to the human race, ilia
the short space of ten years, than all the tyrants
of Rome put together, from Nero down to the
last persecutor of •the Christians. The principles
which Served as the basis of his administration,
passed from his Government into the-different
classes of society; for a- wicked Government
traduces vice, as a wise Government cherishes
virtue among a people. Irreligion, a taste for
every enjoyment and expellee. above their means,
contempt of moral ties, the spirit of adventure;
of. violence, and of domination, descepded from
the throne into families : a little longer of such a
reign, and France would have been only a'den of
robbers. • .
" The crimes of our republican revolution were
the work ofpassions which always leave some re-
sources ; there was then disorder; and not 'de-
struction
,in society. Morals were injured, but
not annihilated.. Conscience still had its remorse;
a destructive indifference did riot confound the in-
nocenrwith- the guilty; thus the calamities of
those times would have been speedily healed. 'But
how cure the wounds inflicted by, a Government
which laid down despotism as a fixed principle;
which, with morality and religion in its mouth,
incessantly sapped religion and morals by its in-
stitutions and its contempt; which .sought to
found public order, not upon moral duty outflow,
but•upon force, and -the spies of the police • which
affected to regard, the stupor of slaver; as the
peace of a well-organized society, eithful to the
habits of their ancestors, and silently marching

,—. „ • •
in 'the Pats - 'ofo •Cient virtiles The most terrible
revolutions it'reAreVeratile State of things.
If wars p;oduce laublie,crlmeS; they at least
call.o)rth hidden.viriues, ;--alents, and great men.
It is under despotism empires dis Appear
by iO'stroving ells.' minds still mbrethan the liodies
of Men, it soonh or later superindiice-s dissolution
and c'onquest.
" The admittratiori -of Bitbnaparte BO been
boasted of. If adminiStration.consist in arithme-
tic,—if, in order to govern well; it be quite enough
to know how much h province produces in corn,
wine, aid oil, to ascertain the last penny that can
be raised, the last man that can be taken from
it,-,.undoubtedly Buonaparte was a great admini-
strator; it would' be impossible more completely
to organise' mischief, to introduce more of order
into calamity. But that is the best Administration
*bleb leaves a people in peace, whibli cherishes
in them the sentiments of justice and Of piety,
which is sparing of human .blood, which respects
the rights of. the citizen, his property, and fami-
ly; in this, view. the government of.Buonaparte
was-the worst of governMents.
" Again, how numerous were the faults and
blunders even in his own system.? An Admini-
stration the most expensive engulphed the reve-
nues of the State, Whole armies of douaniers
and receivers .devOured,the taxes they were em-
ployed to levy. There was not even a chef "de
bureau,-however insignificant, who had not five
or six clerks. Buonaparte appeared to have de-
clared war against comineree.- If any branch of
industry arose in France, he laid hold;of it, and
took it wholly into his own hands. Tosacco, salt,
wool, colonial produce, all was with him the ob-
ject .of an odious monopoly ; he had become the
only merchant in his empire.!
"This restless and extravagant man was daily
harassing a people who wanted only, repose, with
contradictory and often impracticable decrees ; he
violated at night the law which he had made in
the morning. In ten years, he devoured 50011
millions of imposts, which exceeds the amount of
taxes raised during the 70 years of the reign of
Louis XIV. The spoils of-the world, 1500 mil-
lions of revenue, were not enough, for him ; he
was .solely occupied with swelling his treasure by
means the most iniquitous. Every prefect, every
sub-prefect, every mayor, had the right of aug-
menting the customs of cities, of imposing addi-
tional centimes on the towns, villages, and ham-
lets, and of demanding from any landholder an
arbitrary sum for any pretended want. All France
S under pillage. Bodily infirmities, indigence,
death, education, the art, the sciences,' all paid
tribute to the Prince. You had a son, perhaps,
who was lame, a cripple incapable of servicea
law of the conscription - compelled you to pay
1500 francs) by way of consolation for this mis-
fortune. 'Sometimes a sick conscript died before
having undergone the examination. of the recruit-
ing captain': one' might suppose that in such case
the fattier would be exempt from paying the 1500
francs for a-substitute—by no means: • if th,e dc-
claration of sickness was Made before the event of
death, the conscript being-alive at the moment of
declaration, the rather was compelled to pay
down the sum on the grave of his son. Was the
poor man desirous of giving some education to
one of his sons, he must- -pay 800 francs to the
University,. without reckoning the expeuces of
board, Stc. given to .the master. Did a modern
author quote an abcient author, as the works of
'the latter had fallen into what *as called " pUblic
domain," he was Obliged to pay to the censorship
five sous per line of quotation. If while you
quoted you also translated, you paid 21 sous per
line, because the quotation then constituted„a sort
of " mixed domain," one,half belonging to the
labour of the living translator, and the other half
to the dead author. When Buonaparte caused
food to be distributed among the poor in the
-winter of 1811, it was believed that he would em-
ploy his saviogs in this charity ; but on that' oc-
casion, he levied additional centimes, -and gained
four millions on the soup
.of paupers. short,
we saw him torn undertaker, and mooopblise the
administration of funerals : it was worthy- of
the destroyer of-the French to raise a tax upon
dead bodies ; and how could any appeal to the
protection of the laws, when it was he who
made them ? The Legislarive Body dared'
once to speak,
,and it was dissolved. ' A' single
article in the new codes deStroyed property,
by its - very roots. An administrator of domains
could saay to you Your property is domainial
or national. I place it provisionally under se-
questration : you may go and try your rights ; if
the administration is wrong, your property will
be restored to you." And to whom must you
resort in this cause ? To the ordinary tribupals
No such causes were reserved for the examina4
tion of the Council of State, .and tried before the
Emperor, who was both judge-and party.
If property was uncertain, civil liberty was
still -less secure. Was there ever any thing more
monstrous than that commission appointed to in-
spect the prisons,. and 'under the'report.of
a wan might be detained his whole life in a :11m-
geon, without 'indictment, without trial, with-
out judgment-, put to the torture, shot by night,,
or strangled between two shutters ? Aninist all
this, Buonaparte waS nominating every year coin-,
missions for. the liberty of the. press, and for
personal liberty. Tiberius himself never 'made
such a mockery of the human species.
" But the Conscription was,. as it were, the
cope-stone of these works of-despotism, Bcan-
dinavia itself, styled by an historian. the work-
shop of the 4uman race, would .have'been unable
to furnish men for this homicidal law. The code
of the conscription will remain an eternai•oonn-
ment of the reign of Buonaparte : there may be
found collected all that the 'most subtle and iiiv-
nious tyranny can devise' to torment and, devour
the people : it is truly the, code of hell. • The
ge-
nerations of France were. 'placed in regular rows
,for tile axe, like the. trees of ,a foreSt ; every'
year 50,000 young men were cut down. But this
was only the regular average of deaths; •the!con-
str i.c,i,rnl
i)pt,iiionay.yaleiie
sc:i.tse;) doubled or reinforced by ex-
often it devoured. beforehand
its destined yictims, like a dissipated heir who
borrows on his future income. At last theywere
taken even without estimate; the legal ak;e, the
oualities requisite for dying on a field of battle,
were. no longer regarded, and the law 'displayed,
41 this respect; a warvellousiacility it'acsc cud.'

.• ' •^ , • 413.-
ed tti infancy, it aseenoetl to 'Old age the
chareed soldier; the Man who bad. a substitute,:
Were equ'ally taken ; •the son of a poor 8061
perhaps, ransomed thrice, even it the 6.peace 0
tg
his fathei•'S , property, compelled
March : infirmities, bodily defects, '
'"r_e_,
tiOlongei• a protection. 'Moveable Columns, trto
'ttiscd our proVinees like an enemy's. tonnti,-i, de,
tear from the people their last childreti—
fault of a brother absent, the brother
,Pre"for
was taken. The father w. made to answel:L,
the son, the wife for the htfThemd ; resp01003'11.`.1):"
was extended to the most distant relatives,
aver to- neighbours. A village became koutla
the conscript who was horn there. Kittle garlaa
dris were biiletted on the vilhiger„ Mid forced i
to sell his bed to maintain them, till he lied lb°
the conscript concealed in the woods .-I,l!tiert;
' dity was even mixed with atrocity; scms.
often. dethanded from thoSe who were haPiia
enough to have no poiterity ; violence Was
to discover the bearer of a name which existed 0°
on the lift§ of the gens d'armes, or to obt3,tjure,
conscript- who had served five or six years belbor.
Women big with child have been put to theeil
tore, that they' mightreveal the place where .
rht
t: first4n)rn, was concealed ; fathers have bet'
forth the,de ad body of their son, to pro`',:lie
they could no longer produCe this son alive.
still remained some families, whose children
ransomed by their wealth, and whi, lOoke().
ward one day to become nigistrateS,
trators, Men of science; landholders, so tasefil,
social order in a great country: by the decree
iii
the gnards of honour, they were swept aw'Yei},
the general massacre. Such a couteinpt was tor
tertained for the life of man, and.for France, tlve
it was even customary to call conscript:;the 'ioe
material, and food for -cannon. 'J' foH(''',ol
' great question was discussed among the parc;,!ca
of human flesh„ namely, to ascertain the goose
average time that a conscript might last ; :ites
alleged that he lasted thirty-three months,
36 months. littonaparte was wont to savlii.oi
self, Ihatie 30,000' men in reserm. In 04; .e`coil.4
years of his, reign -he caused more than fi",
lions of Frenchmen to' perish, which excee°soif
number of those whom our civil wars swelN'tee,
, during three centuries, under the reigns <it
Charles V., Charles VI., -Charles VII., IdeofY.
Francis 11., Charles IX., Henty 111., and Il sr
IV. In the —tWek:e TIM :Abs. which have :•
elapsed, Buonaparte raised (without reck"f:„re
the National Guard) 1,330,000, which' is
than 100,000‘per month-; and yet smile 01 tee
the audacity to tell hint he had only expendo
superfluous population
)
But the loss of men was not the f,ereateltdeee
attending the conscription ; it tended to jy
us, and all EUrope- besides,
,into hart:arise'. pi,
the conscription, trades, arts, and letters art' tit
lilily destroyed. A young man Who mest.,,"l,v
.18, can never apply 111 in-self to any study. ",`'lo
bouring. nations, compelled, in self-deleoci(„v
resort to the samenieans with us,' were ellalli°ol
ing• in :hejr turn the advantages of eiviliOtioc,
and, all nations, precipitated one upoo o°°,„'titi
as-in the -ege of the Goths arui Vandals, 13:1
have seen the calamities of those ages revive'. the
breaking to pieces the ties of general socifir''life"
conscription also annihilated these of doaletaleay.
Accustomed from their cradles to regel'e, 11C
selves as victims devoted to death, cl
longer obeyed their parents : thev becoil)- 0°
vagabonds, and dehauelieeg, in -eapeetgtiw2iii)ti
the d4y when they were to march to pill:I'll:Iv
slaughter the world. What principle'."' tilea
gion ur morals had time to take root i" );I:er
hearts ? kathers and mothers, 4.)0
hand, among the lower orders, -00 `),
1.);;01
attached their affections, no longer best
their cares on children *whom they • t
tl`l.
pare to lose, ;who no longer formed let`i
wealth and th* staff of support, and ‘0,`"..4.-•"
become for them only a grief and a bert'r, 01
Hence that hardness of 'heart, that
every sentiment of nature, 'Which. lead tO5
,
tress, to wrecklessness of good or evil, 1" '1.,•;011`.
ence for country—which obliterate coesefrude
remorse, and devote a people to sercital'ed
equally,stripping it of the horror of Nit'
admiration
admiration of virtue. „rat'
`! Such was the administration of ntl°l)‘
in regard to the interior of France."

. I
.BIRTHS. - • so • • II
Ll
, ..s
On Wednesday, at Tyrone-ouse, the Marchiou.rford, of a son. ' of Arthi'lr
th
On the 9th inst: at Langley, Bucks, the Lady
h,..1
Morris; Esq:ola. daughter. - ' c Dr. ;).big
On Monday, in Russell-square, the Lady 61: ,
Wilkinson, Of a sob.

MARRIED. 00A 0 to
, .
Last we?k, Mr. Tucker, Clerk in the Do-
Grose, of Plymouth. .• •

i
On' theAtil ins t. a. Lancaster Best, jun • r'sq. sec::
;01nrrkeosfLt'eGigrechioatiyIge,list, Esq. of Chilston park, in Ke''h.,, r °I
ftilei:annutirthlt,;,paitti
nLtyentirisston , Eas i Li: n G L"-- : :core,.
00:11:hue::: 1:
istt.:i:tchuvprprie,ussisdiet:inucee, in ,-4.41. I‘l jell el s-
~.,,,,I''
aSgodut6lfv_titnooptyottul,rNs:,r(s;.hHillrrie::
je,il-oyadg:da9i.:.(isie3:.;litsritis,:cf,•,.:lai try,vdaictiti.':;'..l„,-

jolrliGip TER ,N-DoN BRIDGE Tt°;()llailf%ry
1"K)-50 miliutes after —7. j!.Evetli

LONDON : Printed by J. 13: CARS'I'.A.IIIs-N°. 7i.l3ii:t"rj`l"
iinildings-; and publi;shdd by W. .N.,.Seitll" I'S,
itid
I,,ert**
St/N-Orrsen, No. I In, Strand? were
wents, Orders, Lettors:(lo4t-paid),.:&t, must flc ad

Ckst
t 2.3

fter
Atit
li~n

tj
G
stun
~Uii

sea
na
~lu.
tail,

'Art
1/41
