STATE OF F.ANCE.

FROM every account of the present situation of
France, on which any
dependence
can be placed)
there is no reason to believe that, corrupt and die.
sipated as the People of that Country are, they are
satisfied with the State of Slavery in which they sr.
held by a low-born Usurper. The Friends of Li.
ben}, groan under the disgraceful tyranny of this
Corsican Upstart. The Jacobins hold him in the
most deadly hatred. The real lovers of their Coup-
try are sunk into dispair under the homiliating,des;
potism of a Foreign miscreant, who is distinguished
for every vice and not one virtue. A resPdbbil
channel or public information gives the followini.
account of the state of things in France ; and e
our intelligence induces us to place full raise °.
on it:

The French People are satisfied with their Ptea
sent Government only so far as it is preferable to
the horrors of the revolutionary times. Every one, he
says, expresses, without hesitation, the deepest regret
thas,the Revolution had ever taken place, and surelY
this is declaring as strongly in favour of the reslitu'
Lion of the "ancient Constitution, and the race of the
Bova.nosts,,as is consistent with the common tc"
,
ilance
‘lßardaenvceer
severity
oisrfelcil fetiefder,epareersveantti ocn,3
vaenidn
mtehnet g
so great, that it is o•
nly in vol.
few instances that one Frenchman dares to ttoW
another with his free-opinion, on any thing
is going forward. it is only in Englishmen,
known attachment to their King and Constittfe
Lion, that , airy ;
habitual jealousy, 'rter7achseertyh," arcr.ftledrernocr:
them to place in their own countrymen: Theltd‘• i
ntoi of the Police, .the vast proportion of miltr't,
surveil/ante,. and, above tail, the .want of .3
interchange of sentiment, and the prevalence
cos ratted distrust among the people thentsclig!r,
form the principal basis of the security of the
pit
sent Government.. These are, 'however, sufficicn„li
in the opinion of our judicious friend, to prevent
E
the success of any thi.4 lets than a universal Er
fort, with one common accord; to shake off the Yolf`c
'of the tyranny and usurpariOn of whicls
equally wearied. The- attachment of the Solwel• •
it •by no means adequate o, the assiduity 01,
which the Emperor has courted their favouto-er
a proof of thi•,'independently of the extensive till'
contents which had broken our in the various hr'„r:,;;
campments, it is sufficient to me,ntion an occaltt,-,.
which took place a few days after the Coronstio;e
anti which this G-ntleman was an eye witnertft‘i
The Troops were as,ernLed on the parako`Tti,
the '46 /al of the Erni:trap., when a young in,•ol "f",ha
for,vard from amidst the crowd, and ran along
°f
ranks, exhorting the Soldiers to rid themiefve:rhe
the Usnrer, who called himself an Er tree' The
the Unrer, who called him Self a.' ErnfttrS idler
S sot Bred him to pass al otg, without tit I :is•
cuff. ring themselves to he led a Nay by kit "r. at
cr to Cie least impeding his progress. He
wog h arrested by otr. of the Police Offices, *l'„
at,ention was attracted by the extraordinary
pearance,of the things , The young MA, who et°‘,#.
ed to be a Student, 'tieing brought,hefore the Milk,
strates and questioned,' acknowledged what he. ht
dune, and
rnTel inet ftao h
t e of
rightfulif"t4liiigsrris
uve, bib
eidnti rr
Sovereigns,indiscreet l oma1the
i•
ntaolit
toiftitetlietcipoorrionwahticonn6wurasfrwi eintdnecadstrade
wa witiasya.
pt a 5,
or two feeble ones by BotrisnaltTs's own Poici
hy.
ent and
out
where the disposition of the people seemed W
• singlet alt.theemPprtilctttsiiicurny'lly rill fieleurten;rd w,
eitictet
it,
favourable, but these produced no elle9. Tliroll4.
out the whole of the Coronation Fetes, the orn',
lent apathy was preserved, except in Sow'
stances, by those of the losveSt abble, hat
bribed, and who were inebriated by the wioe do"
buted by, order of the GovernMent.
•
r' Amidst all this, the general hatred and,ice/;
lousy of the Eoglish Nation is professed to °to
strong as ever ; aid nothing is more paiufel into,
French than the idea of the liberation of our c4lOO
trymen so unjustly detained at the beginning c ;40
War, lest they should make an exultingcomPait;iilt
of the restored blessings of our free ConstitutiOod,
the abjeitt state 'to winch they saw France red°,,,,,t
and under which they saw the French Nation To,
.and contented. Every wrong which-their GOOO
meat
tarcloy against
mtni
tsag'utitin,“ isainifyfri!stelftleitgonhae ttge'aroljeti;
palliative of their own slavery and bniult.thef
'lb/re were, however, instances in whicl,ll she
skewed themselves deeply penetrated of
seniabilities, though not with the resenurefithste
of
meo• mehoicholy and horcid Catastr°P,tclici
the I)ukr D'ENOlit Sr; almost universall
undo
sinCete. anti tukii,gui,t,(l ,;,tion. The on",a;troi
I"Yal'S' `lt Groac Es the hUbktvoi "'firer
admirwion; anti %e record it with pride " -re OH
the causes of grear emotions whete they
little felt) the intrepid sense wiriest was
by Capt. WRIGHT of the digoil of;0101
°nicer, was honoured and a I di. 'hr ppout
France."
The fate of the Duke D, o .
i led
ENGHIEN will
an eternal record of the atrocity of ' the ',FY'r,:;‘l'f/
But it was ditiated by a barbarous 1)0141' 000
Duke was the most amiable of all the nliratetr.
and possessed such military talents at the if
might well have feared, if they had been ell
its‘fifisot
in any effort to relieve France lions
thraldom.

d
The Dublin' Theatre ha.; been very succ ,I
............... .....m•os•r0000•pw. eio,'
ininlidlleael.cerddecitbeiiyip,ctsb
4tudoolii,, or ratl.te.r 114elnielt.
i'll,'
since flot.mAts has resumed the mailogreli;ln!"`
c.ive generilly btrn from /got. to I°°),;(tio'
1 itith. Spear/ anti The frontier have been ,i. a C°ll..
Ally succefiblul. Loid and Lady HAlt.Pwle';'-, r'`'":
PM! NOthitti 4 It
..d 11(4"-c1
Tille !wilier very gra6 u)ly cumpluneutu ~ 00,
ua 1 his return to Ireiami. Mrs. jiow tt4 ! pi'
tit
4ondon Boards. icl'
'belt' o
S k
T nub! Kimate hall made up his ' ,401
Corps fdr Ci,v,...ner, ; 1 i OW rAir
dm i gone i, cower,
orderto
that
wtillie.pDrouttlibniyAsuotioinenieneak;
eanitdostyheoypOlso4l,,,
PrePare for the opentnd ot t 1" 0 I'd
, —fa. Sin have' ...„lnioinll t pr.
Mr. and M H
torn) 111,4. . —lO *NS Pc; , _ ~,,, 0,
`l* a few night: at the beg
o.0"0
At

••neon

f
