WITH OUT PROFITS,

may not have been to so great an amount as in some
other places, yet the abuse is of such a nature as
CALIFO.NIA.
.n One Volume, Bve., with a New Map,'by Arrowsmith, Plans and I trust that early in the next Session this im-
of the Harbours, sod numerous Engravings. Price I4s. portant subject will be brought forward by some
otAHISTORY of UPPER and LOWER Member who is a friend to national education and
CALIFORNIA, from their First Discovery to the an enemy to such shameful abuses.
Present Time, comprising an Account of the Climate, Soil, . In Lynn, a school-house and premises capable
Natural Productions, Agriculture, Commerce, &c. A full
View of the Missionary Establishments, and condition of the of accommodating a large number of boys, and
Free and Domesticated Indians worth from 60/. to 1001. a year, has been
By ALEXANDER FORBES, ESQ. , for many years appropriated to the use of the
With an Appendix relating to Steam Navigation in the Pacific.
Master of the Grammar School, together with a
" We commend this volume as a elear unassuming perform-
ance,admitted containing much that is important respecting a vast region salary of 401., and 231. a year furaenenUsh
For many years no boy had b
‘. This is a very interesting and important work, and will
snake the public well acquainted with an extensive country 'the foundation ; but some years ago, after much
known to Europe nearly three hundred years, yet its History, trouble and various applications on the part of the
till the appearance of this volume, has been nearly a blank."— father, a freeman's son was admitted to the school;
Sunday Times.
Smith, Elder, and Co., Cornhill. i but the master refused to teach the boy anything
I but Greek and Latin, a species of education alto-
REFORM", WITHOUT REVOLUTION! . gether unsuited to his prospects in life.
in a strict Union between the Mercantile, Trading, i About three years ago, a liberal member of the
Manufacturing, Monied, Agricultural, arid Labouring Classes;
on the principle of a really sound and wholesome standard, ca-
Town Council made repeated efforts to get a useful
pable of always adjusting itself to the wants of the people, in course of education adopted at this school, by
regard both to price and taxation ;at once rescinding the Corn- which the rising generation might be benefited,
laws, but at the same time giving a full equivalent for steady
lowness of price, by a reduction of all existing burthens_ but all his efforts were defeated by a party who
whether 50 or 75 per cent.
preferred paying a master both his own, and the
By ONE OF NO PARTY.
o. nothing. Since then,
A Friend to the " ( hartists," but not to the Charter. salary of an usher, for doin ,-,
Published by Messrs. Sherwood and Co., Paternoster-row. however, the payment for the usher has been disconti-
Pi ice Six Shillings. oued, being, probably, considered rateer too gross a
job—even for Tories—(no usher having been legally
appointed to the school of late years) ; and the
master has put out a notice that he will receive
the sons of freemen, and teach them Greek and
Latin, if they will pay him for the other parts of
their education I
This state of things, not only in this town, but
throughout the kingdom, will, I trust, be soon put
a stop to by Parliament, and the money left for the
purpose of education, no longer be suffered to be
expended on sinecure schoolmasters or political
agents.
Confidently calculating on your powerful aid in
calling public attention to this subject,
I remain, Sir, your very obedient servant,
A BURGESS OF LYNN.
Lynn, Norfolk, Oct. 9, 1839.
[The case mentioned by our Lynn Correspon-
dent is only " a drop in the bucket," compared
with the ocean of abuses discovered by the Charity
Commissioners. 'What does he think of the hos-
pital of Spittal-in-the-street, from which one of
the Pretymans—the protegees of the Heaven-born
minister, receives 8431. a-year, out of which he
pays 271.45. a year to four pensioners. We noticed
this, among several other gross cases, a month ago,.
and are looking out for a few more in the next
Report of the Charity Commissioners. This work,
when completed, will furnish proofs of mismanage-
ment, corruption, and plunder, unequalled in the
historical records of any country.—ED. SUN.]

Now completed, Vols. I. and 11. of
THE CYCLOPEDIA of ANATOMY
and PHYSIOLOGY.

This great work consists of a series of Dissertations under
the headings of the more important subjects of Human Ana-
tomy, General, Surgical, and Morbid—of Physiology—of
Comparative Anatomy—and of Animal Chemistry; and
towards the close of the Work an article will be introduced,
giving a general view of the present state of Vegetable Ana-
tomy and Physiology. In order to unite the advantages of a
Dictionary with the proposed form of the work, a very copious
Index will be added, containing all the Terms employed in these
Sciences.

The Articles are contributed by upwards of sixty distin-
guished writers, eminent in science ; and Illustrations by wood-
cut, and other engravings, are furnished to a much greater ex-
tent than can be found in any other work professing to treat of
the same subjects.
Edited by R. B. TODD, M.D., F.R.S., &c. &c.
" The most remarkable Encyclopaedia hitherto possessed by
the medical sciences."—Repertorium fur Anatemie und Physio-
logic, ♦on. G. Valentin. Jahrg. 1837.
" This Cyclopedia has now become almost a national work.
It would be disgraceful to the profession in this country, were
it not patronised."—Johnson's Medico-Chirurgical Review,
April, 1838.
" Taken all in all, we believe the work is one that is not
likely to be easily ri railed in this or any other country of Eu-
rope."—Medical Gazette.
4.4* The Third, and concluding Volume, will be published
in Monthly Parts, ss. each; and will be completed as speedily
as possible.

Price of Vol. 1., 2/ Vol. 11., 2/. lOs.
London : Sherwood, Gilbert, and Piper, Paternoster-row,

PROFESSIONAL RECORDS; OR,MARRIAGE LIED,
CALLY CONSIDERED.
An Original Thesis (in a sealed envelop). Price 55.,
ON MARRIAGE—its Intent, Obligations. and
Phgaical and Constitutional Disqualifications; with Illus.
,rations graphic, narrative, and remediate.

Also, by the same Author,
A RATIONAL EXPOSITION of the TREATMENT
of MORBID SECRETIONS, Stricture, and Irritability of
the Uretha, and other infirmities of the reproductive system;
with numerous cases and woodcuts, entitled Medical Con-
sultations. Price 2s. 6d.

Sherwood, 23, Paternoster•row ; Carvalho, 147, Fleet
street ; Harris, 25, Bow-street; Baths, '23, New Bond-street
and Smith, druggist, 48, Lothbury, City.

The evidence on this point is complete ; and were it
not that it would occupy too large a space in your columns,
I should ask permission to present it to the attention of
the British public through that medium. Thus much,
however, may be predicted with certainty, that should
state reasons of paramount importance so far influence
the Cabinet at Washington at present as to render it
inexpedient to annex Texas to the United States, the
time is not far distant when that glorious land will be-
come an integral part of the great republic by cession, or,
failing that, the Southern States will assuredly annex
themselves to Texas.
It may be proper to remark here, that the Govern-
ment of the United States has not peremptorily and
finally refused the proposal of annexation made by the
Texian Legislature, and that subsequently to the sus-
pension of the negotiations on this important subject,
the Tcxian Legislature, upon the motion to withdraw
the proposal, decided in the negative ; so that we may
expect its renewal as soon as a favourable opportunity
arrives.

Texas is of vital importance to the southern slave
states. Maryland, Virginia, and Kentucky will find
there a vast market for their surplus slave population,
and the detestable and loathsome business of slave-
breeding will be the roost profitable of all speculations.
" Give us Texas," say the slave holders and slave breed-
ers, " and you will increase the value of our property
fifty per cent. I" Governor M‘Duffie, J. C. Calhoun,
and Henry Clay, the most eminent of southern politi-
cian. and statesmen, have all advocated the acquisition
of Texas as of vital importance to the slave states, and
there will not be found, south of the line which separates
the free from the slave states, a single man of any im-
portance who is riot of the same opinion, and who is not
prepared to make the greatest sacrifices for its attain-
ment.

The revolt in Texas owes its origin to the preva-
,ence of this opinion and determination. Having failed
by negotiation and fraud during the last twenty years
to secure Texas, the slave holders of the south and the
land jobbers of the north have poured into that unhappy
country hordes of characterless villains, whose sole ob-
ject it has been to re-establish slavery and the slave
trade, and by the most infamous species of gambling to
dupe the credulous, and to fill their pockets with un-
righteous gain. Taking advantage of the intestine feuds
of the Mexicans, they have, in the moment of the
greatest weakness, wrested the fairest portion of her do-
minions from her grasp, and, in defiance of every prin-
ciple of justice and honour, have availed themselves of
the very privileges which she conferred to crush her
power. The Honourable John Quincy Adams, ex-
President of the United States, in his celebrated
speech, delivered in the House of Representatives the
25th of December, 1835, says, " That at the time
the United States made the offensive overture to
Mexico to cede a large portion of her territery
(Texas), large enough to constitute nine States equal in
extent to Kentucky," the " colonists from these United
States were covering the Mexican border with land
jobbing, and with slaves, introduced in defiance of the
Mexican laws, by which slavery had been abolished
throughout that republic. The war now raging in
Texas," he further says, " is a Mexican civil war, and a
war for the re-establishment of slavery where it was
abolished. It is not a servile war, but a war between
slavery and emancipation." Another authority, not
less eminent or well-informed, Dr. Channing, traces
with a master's hand the causes which led to the re-
volt in Texas, and the character of the men who
figured in the nefarious transaction. In his eloquent
letter to the Hon. Henry Clay, written in August
1837, he says, " the first great cause was the un-
bounded, unprincipled spirit of land speculation, which
so tempting a prize as Texas easily kindled in multitudes
in the United States, where this mode of gambling is
too common a vice." " Another cause of the revolt,"
DEAFNESS.—At length this dreadful malady is to slave-holders end slaves ;" and again he adds,
completely obviated, without torture and serious risk by " the settled invincible purpose of Mexico to exclude
medical treatment. The Messrs. S. and B. Solomons, slaves from her limits created as strong a purpose to
39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, and 96, Cheapside, have annihilate her authority in Texas. By this prohibition
constructed a Voice-Conductor, the size of a seven Texas was virtually shut against emigration from the
shilling piece, which, when fixed into the cavity of the southern and western portion of the United States, and
ear, is soft, eetsy, and not more uncomfortable nor per- it is well known that the eyes of the south and west had
as a new field for slave labour,
ceptible than having a piece of wool in its place ; and for some . time been turned to this province, as acc new
and as
of political power to the slaveholdina
that which is deserving the public attention and appro- mar •etjur slaves,s
whom," Dr. Channing asks, " has
betion is, that an individual in company may place it in a vast
,acc,e,s
Bioyn
the ear and remove it unobserved. It pours into the states.'
ear the general conversation to such an extent that, in Texas. been conquered ? By the colonists? By bands
? No, it has been con-
certain severe cases, sufferers are enabled to hear the which raised the standard of' revolt ? By foreign go-
slightest whisper at a public assembly. Their newly- vernments espousing their cause
immediately they are placed quered by citizens of the United States, in violation of
invented Spectacle Lenses,
before imperfect vision, bring it at once back to its ori- our laws and of the laws of nations. We have filled the
ginal and natural state, and the most minute particle is ranks which have wrested Texas from Mexico. In the
seen, either by day or candle light, with exact distinct- army of eight hundred men, who won the victory which
ness. Those valuable improvements in the materials scattered the Mexican force, and made its chief a pri-
are secret to themselves, and are solely confined to their sower, not more than fifty were citizens of Texas aving
establishments, 39, Albemarle-street, and 96, Cheapside. grievances of their own to seek relief on that/ field.
The dwellings of the An; lo-
Saxons were full of The Texians in this warfare are little more than a name,
crevices ; and to prevent the current of air from extin- a cover under which selfish adventurers from another
guishing the lamps in the royal palace, Alfred invented country have prosecuted their work of plunder."
lanterns. In the reign of Edward I. a proclamation On this point I may further quote the remarks of
was published, forbidding the use. of coal as a public Mr. Swift, a member of the Texian Legislature, last
nuisance. In the reign of
Edward the Fourth, so great I year, in the debate on the expediency of withdrawing
was the ignorance of the times, that many even of the the proposition for the annexation of Texas to the
Bishops, when compelled by their of to sign certain United States. That gentleman, after having said his
to adopt such methods constituents " were opposed to the withdrawal of the
laws or regulations, were obliged
as the following--. As my
.Lord BiehoP cannot write, Proposition," added, " there was another reason of
at his request I have subscribed."—lnce's Outlines of some importance that had. a bearing on the question.
English History. The withdrawal of th e proposition would crush the
We understand that the Commission, under hopes of thousands ofernierants from the United States,
Rear-Admiral Sir James Alexander Gordon, appointed who were daily pouring in upon our shores, buoyed up
he ernphatieally
to inspect the harbours, from the Thames to Portsmouth, by the anticipations of a speedy wnion of this country
preparatory to the adoption of means of improving the
ate:kV:di
,he,,o
in
ne
anytheefuhteudrelefe.
time lo%f:hneeneede,a"re wo to look for
communication between this country and Prance by
steam-packets, and affording shelter to ships in distress that aid which had enabled us to roil back the tide of
during storms and contrary winds, have now given in Mexican invasion, and hold tent defianee to the tyrant
their report to the Lords of the Admiralty, In connec- of the West. Will
_ii! comP., irom England? Will
tion with this subject we cannot refrain from expressing England marshal her '
'_..,tvalry on our prairies, or open
our gratitude to our respected and indefatigable Mem. her thunder. upon the Gulf, in reenense to our call ?
bar, Mr. Rice, for the active zeal he displayed its oh- N 7,. To the people of the United States are we in-
taining the appointment of this Commission .
and
we
debted for what we have achieved, and for being what we
trust ere long to be able to Off'..i our congratulations to now are." Here is a confession at once of the inherent
the inhabitants of Dover, and other parts on Our coast, weakness of Texas, the atrociene means by which it
as well as to the nation at large, en the benefits pf the bas been wrested from Mexico, and the Polar star which
shipping interest that are as likely to result
..froth 04. ,-.
• guides the citizens of the United States to that splen-
labours.—Dover Chronicle,
did country-annexation to the Union.
--ee-----4--1---:esse--- ---es -e
