04-
5:
4r.tiovtur
5.-ta
k :
titi4h?
c.)
ji
• 1"10,uv,4 ,
h 6,7
4419

NUMBER 9539.

FRIDAY, MARCH 21, 1823.

PRICE SEVENPENCP.

THIS is to give notice, that in Pursuance
of Directions front the COMMISSIONERS for VIC-
TUALLING HIS MAJESTY'S NAVY, I shall be ready at this
place, on TUESDAY, the 2Gth inst., to receive Tenders
in writing (sealed up), from such Persons as will undertake to
Purchase the HIDES, (except what may be wanted fur the
Dock Yard), and FAT that may be produced from the Oxen
slaughtered for the service of His Majesty's' Victualling De-
partment at Portsmouth, from the Ist day of April next
ensuing,'fintil the :ion' day of June following. The Tenders
to. contain distinct prices, expressed in words at length for
cash article.—The same to be paid for at the end of each
month. WILLIAM MELLISH.
Shadwell-Dock, March 12,
.1822.

GRAND STATE LOTTERY WILL BE.
GIN 9th of APRIL.
THREE of 420,000, and EIGHTY OTHER CAPITALS!
All Money.
£30,000 for the First Prize; 'And the Fifty-two following
Prizes will be All Capitals; to be decided in the Firs!. Quar-
ter of an Hour !

PARIS PA PERS.

poisonous plants of treason and perfidy ; and you will not hesi-
tate one moment to forsake the banners of rebellion. And
you, provincial militia, torn front your homes and your peace-.
ful pursuits, to defend a deceitful liberty which has been for
you only the slavery of death, can you hesitate ? No. You
are Spaniards, and you will wipe out in one day the stain you
have inflicted on the militia of our' country, which in all times
was a pattern of loyalty.
" Hasten into our ranks you will there find friends and
brothers, who will help to restore liberty to our King and hap..
piness to Spain ; but, if you remain deaf to this last appeal
if you obstinately persist in a fruitless resistance—you may
tremble at the punishment which will overtake you in a
few days. ' " VINCENT DE QUESADA.
" St. Jean de Luz, March 10,1823."
" To the Inhabitants Ville Three Biscapan Provinces.
" Companions and Friends !—When you did me the honour
last August to Choose me for your Chief, I was at the head of
the valiant and faithful Army of Navarre, Which I at that time
commanded.. Pissive obedience, the Chief duty of a soldier,
caused me to give 'up this post. I directed my steps towards
France, when my heart desired to be united Kith you, and
pleased itself with admiring your triumphs and your constancy.
I laboured to procure you succours by every possible
I have succeeded in my efforts, and yon'will very soon see me
at your head.
You have heard, Comrades,: the august words of the wise
and virtuous Louis XVI I 1., Chief of the ancient Dynasty of
the Bourbons, words which all France have repeated with en-
thusiasm. A hundred thousand soldiers, commanded by the
Duke of Angouleme, the son of his heart, are ready to rush at
the first signal on the Spanish territory. They do nut come to
domineer over us, but to bring us peace—mot dictate laws to
us, but to give liberty to our Sovereign, that he may re-establish
our ancient laws and usages. The son of St. Louis is coming to
restore the Throne of Ferdinand : he desires to establish In its
ancient splendour and dignity the holy religion of our fathers,
proscribed at present by a few impious men—he comes, in fine,
to restore us that happiness of which the treason of' some per.
jured soldiers has deprived us.
" The white flag will heal the wounds which were made by
the eagles of the Usurper. Receive it, comrades, as the signal
of peace; let us open our arms to our brothers; let there be
no other rivalry between them and us than the rivalry of loyalty
to our Sovereign, of discipline and order. Yes, they are our
brothers. There are in Europe at present only two nations ;
one composed of impious wretches, who, under the name of
liberty, aim at destroying altars and thrones, and overthrowing
social order • the other, composed of religious and loyal men,
the friends of legitimacy; one conspire in their secret and dark
meetings, to destroy every thing which is sacred In the uni-
verse; the other is represented by the Holy. Alliance, the mug.
nonillions Princes of which proclaim aloud the Conservative
principles of order,
" To signify bow much the arrival of this flag ought to
be agreeable to us, I have, with my Staff, adopted a white
mask on the upper part of the arm, which will be the ern-
blem of our indissoluble alliance. I hope that all the Chiefs
and officers of my Corps d'armee, and the Administrations of
those countries through which we pass, will hasten to imitate
our example.
" It will not be enough that we give the French a brotherly
welcome; it will be more glorious for us if they are only the
allies of our and the spectators of our triumphs. Hasten,
then, to take up arms, inhabitants of the three Provinces ! come
and assemble round the flags of honour and fidelity. The va-
liant and magnanimous .'Merino and tabula, and the noble
Trappist who is to add me with his courage and his Councils,
is for us. These4will be your models and guides. I will en-
deavour to render myself worthy of them and of you. Soldiers,
inhabitants of the three Provinces, you also are Spaniardsi
unite, he valiant and orderly, and very soon we shall break the
chains which weight heavy on our King and our country. •
" VINCENT DE QUESADA.
" St. Jean de Luz, March 10."

coutrements, and offered themselves as voluntLay , and
they have afready freed the country from a gang of robbers by
whom it was infested. The town'and fortress is now also placin4
in the best state of defence.

PARIS, MARCH IB.—The Journal de Toulouse
amtains the following paragraph under the head
of Figueras, March 5 :

In Lerida, the fortifications are repairing, and provisions .for
a year are preparing for its impregnable fortress. A battsliotv
of patriots has been formed there, independent of the militia
intended to defend the place in case of a siege, Flying .parties
of chasseurs are also forming, to pursue any rebels who .may
make their appearance. The lots have been drawn for recruits
for the army, and on this occasion patriotiam has completely
overcome the deep-rooted repugnance of the Catalonians to tins
species of service, .

Tickets and Shares are Selling by Err ON, Stock-broker,
2, CORNHILL and LOMBARD-STREET, where all Busi-
ness in the Public Funds is transacted with fidelity and dis-
patch. -

" General Mina, who has visited every part of
the province, is exprcted here in a few days. It
is said that in a short time he will have in Lam-
pou rdan alone, 12,000 infantry and 1,0(X) cavalry,
with Out including the active and volunteer mi.
litia. Passports for the interior are given to all
suspected persons. It is in contemplation to re-
move all the Judges of 1819, as well as the Politi-
cal Chiefs and the Generals who have not given
sufficiently strong pledges of their devotion to
the Constitution. In short, the Communeros
look forward to a political regeneration, such as
ought to have taken place in March, 1820."
The Gazelle de France yesterday described
an attempt to cause a conflagration at Toulon as
the result of a dreadful plot, the object of which
was the destruction of the arsenal and even of
the town itself. The article which, appeared to
be official, because the news arrived by telegraph,
has excited great alarm. The matter is now ex-
plained—that is to say, a journal last night gave
the lie to the story, and described what had
happened in the following terms
" The fire was first discovered at three o'clock
in the morning of the 11th, in a wooden hut, 12
metres long by 5 wide, situated to the west of the
'Pigou Here of the port. A part of the hut was employ,
ed as a depdt for carpenters' tools, and another part
Sias appropriated to the reception of articles used
in ship-caulking. The hut was entirely destroyed,
and the fire communicated itself to the Pigou-
Here ; but that being a stone building, and
vaulted, it afforded an opportunity for checking
the flames, and about half-past four the confla-
gration was completely got under. The damage
is estimated at 5,500 francs. The naval com-
mandant has directed an inquiry to be made into
the cause of the fire. Suspicions have fallen
upon some galley-slaves, who were employed
during the night in draining the ditch la Baliene."
Yesterday, about fifty young gentlemen, be-
longing to the late province of Bretagne, who
happened to be in Paris, proceeded to the house
of M. Manuel, the Deputy for La 'Vendee, to
express their satisfaction at his conduct in the
sittings of the 3d and 4th of March.

MANSFIELD-STREET, CAVENDISH-SQUARE.
TO BC SOLD for a Term, of which upwards
of 34 Years are unexpired, free from Ground-rent (part
of the Purchase Money may remain on Mortgage, if required),
a FAMILY MANSION, with or without Furniture, coin.
prising a spacious Dining-room, Library, Dressing-room, Ares_
tibule, handsome Stone Staircase, Three Drawing-rooms, Five
Bed-rooms on the Two Pair Story, Four Attics, Two Water
Closets, Numerous Offices, Cellaring of every description,
Laundry, very large Coach-house, Stabling for Film Horses,
Lofts and Dwelling. rooms ; the -hole fitted up, and replete
with every Convenience.—Apply to Mr. Cottee, 13, Crawford-
street, Portman-square.

In Carthagena, Zaragoza, Seville, lindajoz,
Malaga, Corunna, Cadiz, Valencia, in short, ovary where- the
best reeling prevails, and they are unceasingly labouring in
preparations fin defence, and raising troops. Patriotic
to are encouraged; the liberal and enlightened men have'
public dinners of fraternity and union, and there they pledge
themselves to aid their country, and bear an eternal hatred to
despotic Governments.
Finally, with the reinforcement of 30,000 men the army ix
receiving, the latter may now be, said to consist of 124,000
uveri—nesities, there are 97,000 active militiao well equipped
and trained under aruts, and if to these we add upwards of
1200,00 volunteers, *km armed and ready to spill their bleed in
defenee atilt:it. country, we have nothing to dread front th,?
French army,. although it anionuted to double the number their
Government can send to invade us; and in . addition, we hay,
Portugal in our rear, and her sons are ready and equally at
determined as ouraelvec—,.We moreover, know that the French
troops dislike both the service and the cause, and feel the
injustice of their Government. The latter relies on our wants 3
but in tliao they are deceived. We shall want little money,
when once the invasion is commenced, as the defence will he
voluntary, because the cause is national. Our Government
will find resources, from the moment the inhabitants arc roused,
&c.—Gerona, March (3, 1 i 123.

ATLAS ASSURANCE COMPANY of
LONDON.
Instituted 1808, and empowered by an Act of Parliament of
the 64 (ho. lIL

CA PITAL-el.iooooo.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.

RETURNS TO THE ASSURED..—.Persons assured with
this Company from loss by Fire, whose Policies for 1:300 and
upwards have- been in force for five years ending at Christmas
18'22, may receive on and after the 25th instant, at the Office
in Cheapside on the London Policies, and of the several Agents
in the Country on the Policies effected in their respective
Agencies, a Return of 25 per Cent. on the amount of the
Premiums paid for such period of five years,
.agreeably to
the system of this Office, as fully explained in the. Office
Proposals.
RENEWALS.—Receipts for the renewal of Policies due
at Lady Day are now ready for delivery at the Office in London
and by the Country Agents, and should be taken up within
fifteen days thereafter.
NEW POLICIES.-New Assurances may be effected at any
time according to the printed Proposals of the Company, and
no charge is made for Policies when the sum assured amounts
to £BOO.

No. 23, A I.I.)ERMAN titlitle-
MESSRS. BRO WELL and CO. having had
applications from Canvas Manufacturers and others,
who apprehend their interests may be effected by the notoriety
given to their ANTI-MILDEW INVENTION in the pub-
lication of many of the testimonials given in its favour, particu-
larly as to its effects on Scotch, Reading, and other unbleached
Canvas ; beg thus publicly to repeat their assurance, that they
cannot possibly entertain hostility to the use of any kind of Sail
Cloth, their process being of the highest benefit to all, as all
are more or less subject to mildew ; but as they long since have
ineffectually. endeavoured to impress the trade with its advan-
tages, they are comyelled to make their present exertions, they
must therefore, in justice to its merits, continue to state them-
-Ist, By neutralizing the tendency of Flax and Hemp to Mil-
dew Bleaching, is thereby rendered wholly unnecessary, while
the original strength of their fibre is preserved. 2d, By the
diminished absorption of moisture in all prepared Canvas, it
dries quicker, .ancl the thick and heavy numbers are more
easily handed and stowed than when unprepared. 3d, Great
saving in the manufacture and price may be effected as well as
increased durability arising from there being no waste of yarn
by the use of the Alkaline washings and boilings. All Canvas
sent to their Warehouse will be returned in a few days, marked
red with a crown and their name.

'WariltliGeurmill

BANK OF ENGLAND.

RENT.—An allowance is made for the loss of Rent of
Buildings rendered untenantable by Fire.
LIFE DEPARTAIENT.
ADDITIONS to POLICIES.—Persons assured for the
whole term of Life, will have an addition made to their Poli-
cies every seventh year, on the principle so beneficially prac-
tised till lately at the Equitable Assurance Office; or the
amount thereof may be applied in reduction of the future pay-
ments of Premium.

A Quarterly General Court of Proprietors of Bank Stock was
held yesterday at the Bank of England:
The CnAinstax proposed a halflyearly dividend of four
per cent. and accounted for the reduction of one per cent. by
stating that there had been an important diminution of the usual
profits of the Company.
Mr. GONDItY, in opposing the reduction, observed, that the
general body of Ptopnetors could not but greatly, and with reit,.
son, be dissatisfied with the sweeping statement given by the
Chairman. Admitting the propriety of reducing the dividend in
proportion to.the redoction of the profits of the Company, and
vice versa the rise of the former with the increase of the latter,
yet surely it was but reasonable, that the Court should be put hi
possession of a detailed account of those profits whose insuffi-
ciency was the alleged cause of a reduction in the present half.
yearly dividend. If' the Directors would come forward with a
satisfactory statement, they would find the Proprietors ready to
agree to any reasonable relinquishment of an adequate portion
of their dividend ; if, however, they were still determined to
keep the Proprietors in the dark upon this important subject,
theyinust not be surprised to meet with considerable opposition
to their measures.—Ile, for one, was dissatisfied with the an.;
candid conduct of the Directors, kind should therefore propose,
as an amendment, " That there be paid to the Proprietors, the
usual half-yearly dividend of 5 per cent, on the sth April next.'
Mr. NEsIIITT shortly seconded the Amendment, and express=
etl himself equally, dissatisfied, as to the non-production of
,pa.
perm, with the Hon. Proprietor who had just sat down.
A PROPRIETOR said, that the simple question for the
Court to decide upon was, whether or not it was satisfied with
the conduct of a body of Directors, who, for a long series of
years, had been proved to have been actuated by the most
laudable and honottrable feelings towards the great body of the.
Proprietors. He, for one, could not see any reasonable ground
for questioning the policy of the proposed reduction, and he
thought either, that the verbal assurance of the diminution or
the profits should be satisfactory to the Court, or, that the Pro:.
1 prietors should proceed to the election of a Court of Directors,
to whom they could better confide their interests.
Mr. I' o two shortly opposed the reduction.
The Court ultimately divided upon the Amendment, when
there were—

Policies may also be effected for the whole term of Life, by a
limited number of yearly payments. Tables applicable to this
,mode of Assurance may be obtained at the Office.
SEA RISK.—The Company allows certain passages by Sea
In decked vessels, without extra Premium, as set forth m the
Conditions of the Office proposals.
Proposals fully explanatory of the principles and rates of the
Company, may be had at the principal Office in Cheapside,
London, and of the several Agents in the Country.
HENRY DESBOROUGH, jun. Sec.
Cheapside, London, March 19, 1823.

LONDON REPOSITORY for the CABINET MAKERS'

~BUCIE~TY for
every Description- CABINET FURNI-
TURE, FEATHER BED and MATTRESS MANU-
FACTORY, No. 71, Corner of LEADENHALL-
STREET, London, opposite Aldgate Pump.—Ready
Money Only.
griH E Society of Cabinet-Makers respectfully
inform the Public that they still continue the above
Establishment, for the Benefit of Industrious Mechanics who
have large Familes, by offering them. Manufactured Articles
in the Cabinet Line, of the best Workmanship, and Cheaper
than any. House can do in London by twenty-five per cent.,
there being no other profit required on the Goods but the bare
house expences ; at the same time will he sufficiently satisfied
with having constant Employment for themselves and families.
This Society was Established in June, 1821, consisting of
20 Mechanics, adding•the number of their Wives and Fami.
lies. amounted to 80; in June, 1019, five more were added to
the Society; in June, 1820, 10; and in June 1821, 8. The
total Number now receiving Support through the Means of
this Establishment is 191. '

The Nacelle, a journal published at Rouen)
states that all the members of the 4th battalion
of the National Guard have expressed an unani-
mous desire to contribute to the subscription for
purchasing a complimentary musket to be pre-
sented t;IVI. Mercier, and that in less than a
quarter of an hour 50 names were placed on the
subscription list. The journal gives the names.
--(The CoastilutionneL)

MAncit 11.—Count Luslgnan, Aid-du-Camp
to the Minister of War, who arrived here yesterday, is espe-
cially charged to superintend the supplies for the Royal Army
of Spain.
Gen. Eguia is expected at Bayonne. The arrival of troops
is constant, and 6,000 are already encamped.
General Quesada is again gone to Saint Jean de Luz.
Five hundred muskets have been sent from this town towards
the frontiers.

On the proposition which has been made in
the Cortes, of a law on seiguorial rights, and
which is stated to have been referred to the Com-
mittee of Legislation, the Journal des Di.bals re-
marks :

The Society and their Families beg leave to return their
sincere thanks to those Ladies and Gentlemen who have
hitherto honoured them with their Orders and Recommenda-
tions, and shall always feel happy in their endeavours to give
future satisfaction ; at the same time solicit a Continuance of
their Benevolence, whereby they may be enabled to increase
the Number of the Society.
The following Articles are inserted as a Specimen of the very
Low Prices, all warranted.-Ready Money only.
Full size Mahogany four-post Bedstead, lath bottom 31. 15s.
--Full size tent Bedstead 11. 65.-Bordered hair Mattress to
fit 11. ls.-Mahogany Drawer, solid ends 31. 35.-Feather Bed
21.105.-Ditto, free from dust and smell, full size 31. 108.-
Six japanned Chairs of any description in oil 11. 65.-Best do.
Wash-hand-stand 165.-Ditto, Dressing Table 10s.-Hearth
Rugs 145.-3 ft. 6 inches Chest of Drawers 41. 45.-Three-foot
nialiogany Pembroke Table 11. Ms.-Three-foot ditto on pil-
lars and claws 31. 155.-Mahogany Dressing Table 11.-Ditto
Bidets, best 11.45.-Ditto Bedsteps 11.8x.--Ditto ditto 11.125.
-Ditto ditto 21.25.-Ditto Box Glass, 2 drawers best British
Plate ns.-Ditto ditto Is. 65.-Ditto ditto If. 18s.-Ditto
Swing Glass, large size, commode 35.-Ditto ditto 55.-Ditto
ditto lis.-Ditto ditto 125.-Sea Bed and Pillow ss. 6d.-Ditto
ditto 65.-Ditto ditto 75.-Tray Stand 75.-Long Mahogany
Tray 145.-Japanned Btu* Shelf 75.-Tea Caddy 10s.-Porta-
ble Desk 215.-Desk covers in number 145.--Music Chairs-
any pattern Bs. 6d.-Eight Nlahogany Chairs, covered with
horse hair, brass nailed 61. 63.-11 ditto ditto 61. 155.-8 ditto
ditto 71.75.-8 Trafalgar ditto M. 91.-Mahogany Sofa to match
71. 10s.-Ditto Couch 71. 10s.-Ditto ditto 01.10x.-Ditto, with
Bedstead 71. 10s.-Set of Mahogany Card and Sofa Tables, on
turned legs, banded in tose-wood 81. 155..-Set of Mahogany
Tables, two Card and Sofa, on pillars and claws 121. 125.-
Ditto, the best that can be made-to order or pattern 161. 10s.
--Handsome 7 foot 6 pedestal,-Sideboard, with carved
back 171.-Ditto 7 foot 161.-Ditto 6 foot six 151.-Set of
Dining Tables, of the last pattern 4 foot by 10 foot 61 11.-.
Ditto, 4 foot 2 by 11 foot 6, 151.-Ditto, 4 foot 6 by 12 foot 6,
161.16 s--If Spanish, an advance of 31.105.-Straw Palliasse
11. 18.-Tent Bedstead and furniture 31.15.-Bamboo Bed.
stead and French elyptic top, with drapery and fringe, 81. 10s.
-Five-foot mahogany four-post Bedstead and furniture, with
French draperies, lined all through, complete, 151. 10s.-
Five-foot ditto ditto 16s. 10s.-Ditto ditto, with cornice, of a
superior make, 181. 10x.-Ditto ditto, with gold cornice, ele-
gant drapery,. 201.--Drawing-room Curtains, of the best Mo-
rine and Chintz, fitted for window, 61. 6d.-Ditto ditto 71. 7s.
-Ditto, of a superior and elegant style of work, 101. 10s.-
Drawing-room rose-wood-Drawing-room Trafalgar Chairs
Ditto, inlaid with buhl. 201.-Table 2 Covers, and Sofa, 181.
18L-Ditto 11. Is.-Drawing,zoom 'Sofa 61. 65.-Ditto, 71. 7s.
--Ditto 81. Bs.-Horse-hair Cushions, each ss. Rd.-Covered
kto 41. W. THURNELL, Agent.
COUNTRY DEALERS SUPPLIED.
Goods packed free of expence, except the materials, and sent
bto all parts of Great Britain, and to the East and 'West in.
"IM-captains fitted out, and merchants supplied with Ca-
net Goods for Exportation
Ream!
Tour days.lartintnts- Furnished at a few hours' notice, and

The Army of the Faith is completing its clothing and equip.
ment ; 3,000 uniforms are to be sent in on March L%.
It is known that on the 7th the King was still at Madrid.
It is said that the English, desiring to save the King, wish him
to go to Seville, and thence to Cadiz, where he will go on board
ship.
The partizan Ocho traverses La Mancha with 200 mend Al.
huln, a Chief of Guerillas, has fallen into the power of the Con.
titutionalists.

For the A mentlnt eat . ~ 43
Against it - . - 64
31ajority . - --l9
The original question was then put and curried in the
affirn►ative • but a ballot was subsequently demanded, and up-
pointed for Thursday next.

" This is of high importance ; far it is well known that the
decree for abolishing in part the seignorial rights still subsist•
ing, has been twice passed by the Cortes, and that the King has
twice refused to give it his assent. If the Cortes pass it a third
time, the King's sanction is no longer necessary. The decree
must then be promulgated by the King, and In spite of the
King. So wills the Constitution."

NAVAL AND MILITARY PENSIONS.
The Gm:alarm then acquainted the Court, that they had
been summoned on special affairs, besides- the dividend. It
was for the purpose of submitting to the Courto that his Ma-
jesty's Ministers had made a 'proposal for the purchase, by the
Bank, of a portion of the annuity created for defraying the Mi.
Mary and Naval Pensions, which, upon full consideration, the
Court of Directors had ageed to, if it should meet with the ap-
probation of the Court of Proprietors ; and the Governor then
read the following letter from the Trustees, and the resolution
of the Cowl of Direetors thereon :
" Treasury-chambers, March 3, 1823.
" Gentlemen—With refetence to the • conference which we
have had the honour of holding with you yesterday, on the sub-
ject of the purchase by the Bank of England ot a portion of
the annuities created by the act of the third of his present Ma..
jesty, for defraying the charge of naval and military pensions,
we now beg leaVe to express our readiness to conclude an en..
gagement with the Bank for that object upon the following
basis, subject to the approbation of Parliament
"That the Bank of ..:rigland should undertake the payments
to be made In pursuance of the provisions of that act, from the
6th of January, 1023, to the sth of July, 1020, (both inclusive),
upon the transfer to the Bank of England of such a_portion of
the annuity created by the Act, as may be equal td the preaent
value of the excess ot such advances beyond the amount which
will remain applicable to those payments after such transfer to
the Bank the value of the annuity to be computed according
to the current price of the Long Annuity, when the bdoks of
the Bank for the transfer of that stock closed on Saturday, due
allowance being made for the longer ter& of the duration of
the annuity proposed to be transferred.
"We have the honour to be,
"Gentlemen, your obedient humble servant.,
" To the Governor and " LIVE it POO 1.4.
Deputy Governor of the " F. ROBINSON.
Bank of England." " C. LONG.'
Resolution of the Court of Directors, 20th March, 1823 :
" That, in conformity to the agreement entered into by the
Governor and Deputy Governor with the trustees of the annuity
created b 5 3 Geo. IV. c. 51. for defraying the charge of
tary and naval pensions and superannuations, the Court do en.
gage, subject to the approbation of the Court of Proprietors,'
to make the following payments, at the periods specified here.,
under, on the said trustees transferring to the Bank an annuity
of 5115,7401., to commence from sth of April, 1823, and to con-
tinue for a term of 44 years, and then to cease
" 1823, April £886,719 July 1,130,370
July 1,225,000 " 1826, January 1,097,870
October 67;070 July . 1,067,870
" 1824, January 1,176,000 " 1827,-January 1,037„870
April 67;870 July 992,870
.luly 1,173,000 " 1828, January 947,417(4
October 27.870 July L 0,27,50
" 1026, January 1,13600
April 27,1170 £13,089,410
Resolved, " That this Chart do agree With the said Resolu.
tidn of the Court of Directors and authorise them to carry the
same into eft'ect."

DISPATCH PROM THE POLITICAL-- CHIEF OP GE-
RONA TO THE SPANISH VICE4CONSHL IN PER•

PIONAN.

CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.— SITTIwu or' Manor 17.
Among the Petitions on which a report will be made in the
first Kitting after the 19th are the following from the mer•
chants of Havre; 2, from the merchants of Berdeaux ; 3, from
the inhabitants of Bethancourt (Aisne) ; 4, from the inhabi-
tants of Annoy (Aisne); 6, from the inhabitants of Havre;
6, from the merchants of Lille ; 7, from the merchants of
Rouen ; 8, from the inhabitants of (hives (Aisne); 9, from
the merchant ship-owners of Morlaix ; 10, from the inhabi.
tants of the 'ports of Dinie and Pontrieux. The Petitioners
express fears as to the consequences of war, which may prove
prejudicial to commerce ; and they pray for the maintenance of
peace.

On merely reading the repartee the Sittings of the Cortes, held
since the memorable 9th and 11th days of last January, and re..
fleeting on the attitude Spain has assumed in so short a period,
it will be seen what an extraordinary efilet has been produced
therein by the several Notes addressed to our ooVerninent by the
Cabinets of liolyAllianee' —the (*titian boldness with which
they have been answered; the firm and dignified manner in which
they were rejected by the Congress ; at Well as the sensations
excited by the rumours of war with France, the hostile prepata.
tions observable in the Pyrenees, and the arguments used
against and in favour of the probability of the Invasion taking
place. 'When some persons eipected to see the Citizens of this
great nation most divided, now it is that they ate seen most
united ; now it is that an inexplicable serenity is remarked ;
nothing is beheld on all sides last preparations for defence; anti
we find national hymns swell the noise of the workshops, where
cannon, stores, and arms of all kinds, are preparing to equip
our valiant sons, who will never bend their necks to the humi-
liating yoke of foreigners, and who have always kept the oath
they haveltaken.
Scarcely had the Spanish Congress pronounced their solemn
determination, recorded in their Sittings of the 9th and 11th of
January—scarcely had the French Ambassador quitted the
capital of Spain, when the presentiment of an immediate war
United in such a manner the minds of all Spaniards, that in a
few days we beheld a new battalion of volunteer militia raised
in Madrid, and this, together with the rest, offered to go off' to
the Pyrenees, if the country was threatened; numerous Gene-
irals and officers who had earned their reputations in the war of
independence hastened to offer themselves to march to the point
of the greatest danger, and to sustain their eauntry'a rights pro.
claimed in the Political. Constitution of the Monarchy, and to
repel all foreign aggression and immediately afterwards thou-
sandeofpatriots followed their eiample. There are now already
forma 52 bands of guerillas, capable of taking the field, if necet-
sity requires ; and that spirit of union and calm firmness which
prevails among the worthy Representatives of the Spanish na-
tion and•the Members of the Oovernment, is beyond descrip-
tion. The same sentiments also prevail among all the peoplet
as is seen from the numbers of addresses sent up to the Cortes
and Oovernment, by all the bodies of the army, navy, active
and local militia, public functionaries, literary corporations,
clergy, deputations, municipalities, in short, by all classes and
individuals in the State.

The Pilote of yesterday evening contained the
following letter, signed by 150 citizens, officers,
sub-officers, and privates of the four legions of
the National Guard :--

" TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE PILOTE.

" SIR—We have read with attention the Order of the Day
of March 7, 1023, addressed by M. Polissart de Quatremere,
Colonel of the 4th Legion, to the officers and sub-officers of
this Legion, in which he tells them they have heard with just
indignation of the conduct of Af. Mercier on the 4th, in re-
fusing to obey the order given by Captain Fremont to seize M.
Manuel, Member of the Chamber of Deputies.
On the contrary we declare, far from having felt the senti-
ment which is attributed to us by the Colonel at the courageous
and patriotic conduct of M. Mercier, our comrade, we agree
with him in heart and principle, and in a similar situation each
of us would imitate his example—in testimony of which we
have signed this letter.—We beg of you, Mr. Editor, to insert
it in your next Number.
" We have the honour to be, Am &c.
Here follow 150 signatures of Officers and Sub-officers
of the Fourth Legion of the National Guard.]

In Ilarcelona all the artillery has been mounted, and the ptblic
enthusiasm has risen to such a pitch; that even the most delicate
ladies have aided in this labour, so much opposed to the weak-
ness of their sex ; the place has been put in a complete state of
defence; new battalions have been raised; and even the militia-
men called upon by the law have all enlisted themselves unarm
the volunteers, in imitation of several other towns In the
kingdom.
The enthusiasm is, in fact, general. There have already ar-
rived in the province of Gerona 2000 recruits, drawn by ballot,
intended for the regiments of Leon, Navarre and Ilarbestro,
the greatest part of whom have been conductedl here by the
worthy Commander of the latter regiment; he has brought
them from Madrid without a single soldier to escort them, and
they have come all along the road' singing patriotic songs and
learning their exercise, m which it Is incredible how much they
arc advanced.
In Gerona a workshop has been opened to mount the large
quantity of gun-carriages we have here, and already this is in
a very forward state. A company of volunteer artillery has
been formed, which already does duty, and several other vu.
lunteer corps are also prepared for active service.
The cannon of the fortresset of Figueres and Hostalrich
are preparing, and provisions providing, the latter by the
neighbouring towns, where the inhabitants 'have offered the
necessary supplies the moment the Authoritlaealled upon them.
In Tarragona, scarcely' had the_ parties of the rebels heard of
the French Invasion, when they all came in, with arms and ac-

rt •
IN'ant) EXTRACT OF SARSAPARILLA.
this Preparation are concentrated all the
Medicinal Properties of the Sarsaparilla Root, even to
I:" Perl#Ct Saturation of .the Menstruirm with which it Is pre-
vared, To such Persons, therefore, who, from various causes,
ould experience great inconvenience, or with whom it would
1),,e atterly.impossible to prepare the 'Decoction, the Fluid
lktraet, which possesses the advantages of portability, and
)11 efer'inie ill tiny Climate, will be found a most desirable
gherPPloying this much-esteemed Medicine.
th,," ireases in which it has proved most beneficial are
tine Skin, such as the Scorbutic Affections, &up-
eit4Pe Diseases, Secondary Symptoms, &c. arising from a dis
mpg6Siate of the System nt laige. It may be taken either
pes or cotobinen with Water, rendering it of the same
int as the Decoction.
prepared and Sold by Butlers, Chemists, No. 4, Cheapside,
LOndt,„—.6l"4lril gso, Regent-street (near the Argyle Rooms),
hobtr" '°o Waterloo-place, Edinburgh; 34,Satkville-street,
114 ullniYtad by thc principal Meilicine-Venders throughout
erd•Kingdotn, in Bottles, at 4s. 6d. and 7s. ed!
ti 4 ,guref ul to ask fot ‘, Butler's Fluid Extract of barsapa-
itnitations are in circulation.

[I,IIOM THE uuoTunrxwz.l
FRONTIERS OF SPAIN.
ST. J EAM DE Luz, MAncli 12.—General Que-
sada, has just published the two following Pro.
el:mations :

Mr. Sox..t.t was antions to know, before the Dank embarked
in any new agreement with his itlaiesty's Govt.?innent, whether
the fermi proposal which emanated trout his biology's
stern resp,,cting the renewal of the Bank-charter, end which was
acceded to by the Court of Directors, had been earried intti
eflbct.

" TO THE CONSTITUTIONAL ARMY OF SPAIN.
" Soldiers, who have hitherto been bowed down under the
yoke of the most monstrous Constitution, rouse yourselves from
your lethargy, and break the Ignominious Chains which aresim_
posed on you by those impious and ambitious men, who only
employ you to destroy the religion of your ancestors, and keep
your Sovereign prisoner. If the experience of three years' as.
sasinations, pillage and anarchy are not sufficient to undeceive
you—if the blood which runs in your veins has not recalled you
to the paths of honour, turn your eyes on all the provinces of
Spain in rebellion against a violent and Usurping Government;
see the thousands of faithful people who are taking up arms
every day in favour of the captive King, and see the hundred
thousand Fre.nehmen ready to enter our country, to tear up the

etrAIIIMAN referred ta the Journal* of the Court, to
show, that since the application alluded to liall'heen made by
his ,Majesty's tiovernthent, it bad been suspended by them,
and due nutlet+ given thereof to the Court of INreentrs.
Some conversation then arose upon the contract just an,
flounced between the Bank stud the tiovernment, and

---711;(ovritwoit said, that the who.le tranaei tinder chili
agreement was to be made at once, anti they were to have the
controul over the amount handed over to thein;n jmit as they
had over any other part of their capital. ft would open to
then) a eertant employment of capital to the amount of the
transfer.

-iiiCiprolx)sition was utusnimously adopted by the Courts,
which then broke up.
