.Pre atling ttplbitn ii, they ate destined tot trl4:
Other accounts from the French capital state,
that the Emperol., is determined to reinfcirte hie
armies in ' the - Peninsula with'. 'flit) thousand
men ; for) at prtAt..nt, thee do not .appe.at thkrleast
,symptoms that the peace on thti Continent will be
disturbed. In regard to Prussia, [can osier's- yoti, that
her whole force_does not exceed forty thousand te-
gular.
s, and nineteen thousand volunteers ; but what
is yet a greaterproOf that' there will be no war, is,.
that the Emperor. of AUSTRIA has ordered the re-
dudion of his Militia, and the 'exclusion from it of
all foreigners of every description.

"The States of
,Hungary have agreed to charge
s.
themselves • with eighty millions of the new paper-
money. The States of Transylvania will also take
• twenty millions ; and the rest is to be charged upon
the hereditary provinces. These measures will certain..
ly put the finances of Austria in'a mild) betterstate
`than formerly; but, with regard to -commerce, I
cannot say inuch in its favour : every thing ;s ex-
ceedingly dull. It is really astonishing to see In
what perf,elici the Germans hstve succeeded in
manufasauting. their goods; %some
,of ‘thent oan
scarce be distinuished from ihose of Great
Britain."

We are convinced that the' report in the above
Letter, rcspeeting the march of the 70,p00 amen,
which had been col:ale& near Mentz,. towards
Spain, is not founded in fie. That BUONAPARTH
would willingly send 'large reinforeements into the
Peninsula, we have no doubt, but he cannot spire
the men. Whether a, war between .France and
Russia takea place or not, still a large'French army
is necessary in the North of Europe. BUONAPARTB
knows very well, that, even if all diff,:reoces.
with. the Emperor ALEXANDER' were adjusted, he
inuat still keep an immense military force in the
NOrth, to_ hold the population in the state of slavery
to which he has reduced them.

Thereport respecting leis MAJESTY7eSteediy Wag,
" That he remains in the same state, having, but
Mlle rest night or day."
. •
• •
his 'Royal Highness the COiIiNANDER
yesterday held a Military Levee, at his Office in
the Horse-Guards ; and amongst the distinguished
Personages were---
Lord March. no his return from Ireland. •
Lireitenant-General Sir Eyre Coati. • •
'Major.(;eneral Harlow. Lieutenant-General Campbell,
Lieutenant-General Wentyss, Major-Cenral! Stevenson, Sir
W. Gibbons, Major-General, ryert, Lientenant-Unienal Sir
Harry Lturrard.
Mr. Pettcav AL, OQ Saturday issued summonses for
Cabinet Councils to', be assembled on Monday and
yesterday. J o consequence of the indisposition of
the Lord Chancellor. it being supposed that lie- was
not siOlicienily well to leatC his residence, tlfe
Council Was to have been held at hi's Lordship's
house : but a fivourahle change taking place in the
state of his. Lordship's health, all the Cabinet
sters, agreeably to altered stimmooses, met at the Fa.
reign Office on Monday. Some of them came from
a considerable distance in the,country. to attend this
Council, from which circumstance it has been infer•
red, that matters of very considerable national mo-
ment were to be taken into conaideration. Its sit'.
flog on Monday was a long one. It 'again assem-
bled yesterday, at two o'clock, when all. the Cabi-
net Ministers. were a6in preseni ; and it. .did not
break, tip its sitting till near six o'clock,-
Lord PALMSHSTONE's sister, accnrding-to report
In the fashionable circle;, is speedily. to hei
hand tp a Mr.. SQLLIVAN.
The Loan CHANCEI.Lnit is so far 'recovered :1S to
enable him to resume his sittings in WesttninSter
Hall yesterday.
Charlestown Pap,ers arrived yesterday morning to
the 23d tilt, but their conieuts are destitute of in-
terest or novelty.
Letters from Jamaica mention , the death, of the
French General Rigaud, at Aux Cayes.
We announce, with great regret, the death of Dr.
HALT-, the late new Bishop of Dromore.
The adjourned Admiralty SeSsions will tie . held
on'Friday-riext, at Justice-hall, in this Old BaileY.
'The 37th regiment (fano strong)" have got or-
, ,
ders :o embark at Cork, where they have been
Ousted scene time, fur Bristol ; from thence it is
supposed they will protec4il to join Lord
.WELLING-
ToN'S'artny.
We copy from ,n Morning Paper, the following
extraordinary relation of an attack made tS pint Air.
ARAISTILONO, the person whoSe;corre.pontleact. re.
speaing his transadion with Mil. CLAit-KE recently,
came before the public :
"
Mr; Armstrong was retnening try his'lndg.
ings, in West-place, through Gaiden row, between
the hours ot eight and nine O'clock, on Sunday
evening, when he came to the
,dead wall -ref the
Philanthropic: SoCiety, a villain 'an his bead With
all his forearagaitist his, stomach,' which knocked Mt.
Armstrong against the wall, and at, this moment h
pocket pistol was snapped at his briast,- fletbre
Mi.. A. could extricate hiaiirgtlf fiorn the wall,
the 'monster matte a deadly blow with a bludgeon
at his head; which he Was fortunate enough to
throw drill some degree, receiving it on the tip of
his shoulder'; but it deadened hiS cfm. Mr.A, crying
out " watch," and ,the villain hearing 90oIC persons
coming up, made another tremendous• blew (whielt
Mr'. Armstrong threw off with bis stick), and tuAle
off. There can be nu doubt bin murder was.the,ie
tent; if the assassin could' hare got "Mr.A. dowit,
which is"no easy matter, be ,A,cteld baVe beat out his
brains, What makes this myiterioes affiir the tre,re-'
singular is, that Mr. A. rece eel an anotivinous let-
ter, put wider his door, to be
,on hit guard, whinh
was paid no attention to, as 'his was the first even--
ing that Mr. A. had been our of 'his lodgings afier
'dusk for some time. There is therefore ey.,ly
son to believe the attack was the result of what is'
Commonly called a plant
