THE TIMES.j

,
Papers and letters from Jamaica to the 9th ult.
were received on Saturday by the 'packet, but
afford little subject for remark on the state of the
idand. Perfect tranquillity appears to have pre-
vailed in every -part of it.
_The trade with the
Colombian Main was rapidly extending, and con-
veys .were constantly sailing for Santa Martha,
arthagena, and the other ports on that line of
coast. Advices from Lima to the26th of De:.
ceinber had been received at Kingston, up to which
period the contending armies in P.erLi had not met.
A. convention, it is said, had been entered into by
oliirar: with ltiva Aguerro,by which the latter con-
dented to embark for Europe,and the whole of his
troops, were united to those of the Colombian
President—an accession of strength that would
enable him to open the _campaign against the
Royalist Spaniards wi-th.great advantages on his
side. From Santa -1,76. de Bogota, the seat of the
Colombian Gpvernme.nt, intelligence has been re-
delved. throvgh....lainaiCa to the Of February.
completely
.ralsifie's ,the. late abstlyd rumours
circulated thrci)gh the. French papeis; as not, an
iota oikviderrce is supplie'rlieither by the pipers
or the letters, that Spain:pOssesses'e'yeri:a few so-
litary partisans in that 'country, and much less
that they formed a party 'sufficiently strong to de-
clare themselves openly for.Ferdiriand„r6r to Cad-

.
promise the existetice.of the established Govecti-
blejj9mlperpf themonbersot:thei
dOngi4ss had arrived iii.Aogotaipteßarat.ory 44:4
commencement of the session, but the PeeilidTiritsl
oiaeniTi&.7hcir. ifot- beett•;difinitlively-fixecftMrl
Wilson, soli "of 'Sjr..Rokert..WiTsOn;
inioci.w._6t.becembeqrveliersolivat at d
Tea ii ahautill*'
that i:idefild,tki; head-quarteo'.--i fie
liasreCeived in the:noo:stdiStipittished-Taßkier,tind
h"atrcoti-ferted upon irttn • an employ.: about, the
• pi xisticiit ":ihc-Trisigeiic:.:: The Rogota- Gazette
of 'tie Sth of:Februari:contains an official notiee.
of the "'Teal of Mr. fictivenga; as' envoy to this
cOuiltiYriCeofiltiiiiiiVd"by a high ettlogium otl
-his -talents.,atql ze,4),,and the., essential -serila'"e
veridei6d.t to.the'ltepublii. -44tSgI9f
his r9.ca„l is_tlecjired tobe,the
unilerntocul to'hvie ineiyrid 14i ChiqVytt9icy,
nyd .thee
.zg .
rest 'to which he as some e.Ago
subjected,"ConselitienCe of- 'tfraitt;''sitif.!posed
%14k-tsility;_ for debts coßtcncted foriQpiwilAt9r
Several new .60.140L1 Jon:1 th tsAT4a spas-m*42li *tit ti

were establishing in the different provinces of
Colombia ; and these accounts from the Re-
public present, on the whole, the appearance of
political tranquillity and progressive improve-
ment.

NEW TIMES.]
No alteration in the Funds took place on
Saturday deserving particular notice. Consols
closed "at-9614- for the account, and Colombian
Bonds at 9314. In other Securities there was
no alteration. The shares of the Alliance, and
several other new undertakings, continue to be
in great request. The Paris Papers to Friday
evening contain no news. The Five per Cents.
closed at f. 90 c.

There is nothing so much to be admired in a.
Leading Journal as plain, honest consistency. -It
'is this which so peculiarly distinguishes the
Leading Journal of Europe. On Tuesday the
13th the Editor made a furious attack on the
Merchants who presumed to think of building a•
New Dock. cc On' the first: mention of the
Docks," said he, " the Dock•shates of the othe(r
Companies sank. Here, therefore, is British a.
pital making war upon British capital—British
subjects destroying each other, and the State
no gainer. "—" We think that Government
might controul the domestic mischief which
we here point out—When any project is
on foot of such a character that its suc-
cess would be a mere transfer of, property
without augmentation ; those who bave their
capital already invested should be protected,
' and the new adventurers should be advised, and
that strongly too, to seek out other channels for
the employment of their wealth." Well this
was no doubt very fine reasoning on; the 13th of
the month—quite enough to blow up St,. Katha-
rine's Dock, and to set the shareholders in all
the old Dock Companies perfectly at
,their ease.
A hint to Government from such,a
,source was
sufficient : and we satisfied ourselves that every
new undertaking in opposition to existing Com
panies would at once be condemUkl as a
domestic mischief, and the -aelventnrers sent
about their business, as the 'phrase is, ". with
a flea in their ear."—Lo ! and - behold ! on
the 24th the wind has veered to the op-
posite point of the Compass. .A new Oil
Gas Company has started against the old
Coal Gas Companies. ..Of course -the Leading
Journal will soundly belabour-. the Oilmen
No such such thing. TheEditorlfrnds.put that_" the
public have an nndoubted'ileit.-to .a _commo-
dity on the easiest terms on which it can be pro
cured. He raises the war-cry of -" Monopoly"
against the existing Cornparliei;
of the consumer," Says is the only one
about which, generally speaking,-we 'need enter-
tain much anxiety." Now unfortunately, in the
case of St. Katharine's Dock, the-interest ef the
consumer was the only thing that' olie-eorisiirenf
coternporary put entirely out of sight! The:
shareholders in the existing Companies were the,
favourite, and indeed the only objects of
tender concern—Query, are any of the Said old
Dock-shares held by any.body in the neighbour-
hood of Printing House-sciti'ara-?---(lbid.)

[nrwrists PRESS.]_
Ministers k:re,novv, receiving, on every Opportu-
nity, the high:. return of general -gratitude and
support.thrOugbout the country ; the concession
is made them by even their olde..q political oppo.
rents. The - domestic and foreign policy of his
MajestY's
.advisers are such as disarm censure,
and leave discontent powerless. No Administra.
tion, in the proudest era of the history of this
country, stood so high as the :present. Great and
influential with foreign Cabinets, it is equally
respected and popular at home. The country
is now prosperous beyond all former 'exam-
ple; and influence amid universal peace is
preponderant and decisive throughout the
civilized woad. At Me Hampshire Meeting
on Friday, Lord Caernarvon, whose life has
been One, of opposition, declared " that, it
would: Le injustice were he to deny that the po-
licy of the present Government appeared new to_
be more liberal than it had been for a long course
of years ; and he congratulated the tneetingupon
the change." The Noble Earl added, " that lie
should be ashamed of the name of a Whig, were
he, upon feelings of general political dissent, to
withhold praise where praise Was really due., and
to deny the merits of a partially good system;
although he disapproved of the general political
acts of those from whom it sprung." This is fair
and manly language, and such as we would have
looked for from LordCaernarvon. Ministers, by
a policy worthy of the country, have purchased:
the meed of approbation from-even their avowed-
Opponents, and' the concession is honourably
made. The Opposition will
,not suffer in cha-
racter .I)yia conduct such as this ; it will: pur-
chase additional respect throughout the Empire.
could the .Whigs of England, if calla around
the Throne to-norrow, enter' on a more enlight-1
erred or liberal career than has long distinguished
the present Ministers ? or were -their measures,
when in power, one half so economical and con-
dilating ? They cannot, therefore; disapprove
the system on which Ministers are acting, and
not disapproving, it is candid and: honourable in
them to. make. the avowal. We thought Mr.
Hunt's .occupation- was gone : hii trade in politics
:we imagitti,d bud completely :merged in his new
diethansls as•a:Wholesale dealer in.roasten corn-;*
-but Wappeit•rs liffhas'not given up his old calling
as yet, *He' was at the Hampshire Meeting, to
the dismay of Mr. Carter and his friends, as. gay
find vociferous as ever.: When all was going on
most. comfortably and smoothly; he presented
himself like an •evil genius, and. accused them
"'Of getting, up a Whig requisition, and: trying
to get‘Ratlical sigtratures to it." This was met
by.tlond ';and general denial. The.Me.eting as-
sbrribled for:the legitimate purpose. of petitioning
(CiP Alierepeal of . the Assessed Taxes, particu-
larly4liose on- windows and inhabited houses :
but nothing would content " the great Radical "
ir.bitt•;a sweeping demand for the abolition of " the
'mi It tax, the salt tax, the soap tax, and those on
cowlS•nand candles." Thus Mr. Bunt renewed
-his-old policy of uniting all. parties,against him,
tind. calling for- so mucb,.:that in.the end. he was
sure to obtain nothing. Lord Caernarvon,..ava

Whig, sensibly disclaimed all connection with
Mr. Hunt and his followers : such a union
would indeed be a disgrace to any party. But
Radicalism', in-truth, is now no more : it has
sunk in the smile grave with the distresses that
gave it birth. The people are no longer unem-
ployed “heirllatids and their stomachs are full; the
trade of Messrs. Hunt, Wooler, and Cobbett is
therefore at' an end. The Window and the House
Tax will not, we are convinced, be of long Aura-.
tion,; the next Session of Parliament will pro-
bably- witness-their repeal. Ministers cannot re-
duce all taxation at once ; but a continuance of
peace, sand the rising prosperity of the country,
gibe omen of the fairest promise : both will ea,
able the Fipanc,e.Min6ter to meet all public de-
mands, without the continuance of the Assessed
?totes ; and the repeal will, we are sure, be as
gilatifying to Mr. Robinson personalty, as it will
be beneficial, when it takes place, to the country

at large.

[IfIORNING HERALD.] •
We give to-day a letter from Mr. Huskision
to Mr. Gladstone,.. of Liverpool, on the subject
of the late insurrection in Demerara. The letter
appears to have been a confidential one—of
course not intended for publication. It is written
in the familiar style. How it came to be pub-
lished in the Colonial Papers remains to be ex-
plained; but it appears singular that a confiden-
tial letter should be published. in a newspaper.—
Even the production to a third person of a con-
fidential letter is wrong. We by no means im-
pute impropriety to Mr. Gladstone in this affair,
for we believe him to. be a strictly honourable
man ; he has in Liverpool a high reputation for
being such. The probability is, that Mr. Glad-
stone sent a copY.of this letter, among others,
to his commercial connections in Demerara,
to be produced, with other documents, to
the Assembly there.; and that some one
of the clerks connected with the Members of that
Assembly contrived , to give copies to the editors
of the Demerara Paper*i,After such an exposure
of private correspondencierit- is 'lto -wonder that
LOrd-Batharst Should ha*e -declined correspond-
ence with Mf.•llibb.ert,.-9therwise than in the
most precise written -manner. By this letter,
however,...of Mr. IluskiSso-n's; we see that. he
agrees. in-en opinion we some time since yen-
ttrrecl to.give on this:' delicate subject, that an
emancipation by the slaVes>.should be a work
of -time' and . that the.y:omght -.to be well pre-
pared lare:viously to • thelf.-being -ernaticiotted.--
Even in common life:.W.e '
see:.wbii,:effe:tts are:
• •
sometimes --brought about by a'suddeir transition.
froM of 'o,Verty to. great riehes,-)
Many,have died -9f,',drurikerineSs in consequence.,.
and many -others :have. :been brought to poverty
again, itra short spq,ce of: time, by•the wildest
extravagance.- The-emancipation of the Blacks
would .-be:ve-ry- deifrable,;, but we by no means
aitificateittattompliShtrienritn the sudden manner
ar,:Wilberforce or the Missiebary Society might
wish'. If we were a planter; ind orders were sent
to us by the Government of England to.giNe all
our Blacks their freedom, we should, reply,
please to pay us tine 10 or .20,0001., or whatever it
might be, that they were worth when we bought
or inherited the estate. Then, -if the Govern-
ment said 'that Mr. Wilberforce
.and the Mis-
sionary Society would allow us nothing for our
slaves, we should be apt to tell that gentle-
man .and the Society that they were not act-
.
mg fairly. The Act of Parliament, of course,
being imperative, we should, as a matter of ne-
cessity, give Our slaves their freedom, though
not, we think, till we had sold our estates for.
the best price we could get, and have removed
with our family to some other part of the world
for, if by possibility, our overseers might have
too severely punished our negroes, we should be
alarmed for the consequence, whenever they had
a fair opportunity to take revenge. And as on
this, as well as on most of the islands, the number
of blacks is in the proportion of 10 to 1 to the whites,
we should not like to have reniained under such al-
tered circumstances, of being obliged to treat as
our equals those whom we had always been ac-
customed to look on as little better than ourang
outangs, or brute beasts. We wonder how Mr.
Buxton would like-to be compelled by an Act of
?very day with his draymen at
11:iasrpliraitvnaettea to
table;sit
but to bring about a sudden
change falai slavery' to freedom on the part of
theblacks, far as their white masters
and mistresses
wereld' so
concerneel, be quite aa,ano-
malous as.
obliging Mr. Buxton to receive
as equals at his dinner table the drivers - of
his beer carts. It is all very -well for Mr. Wil-
berforce and -the Miisionary Society to- be phi 7
lanthropic, but they ought not to be so at other
people's expence. '-Mr. Wilberforce and the So-
ciety should consider,,whether; if they had large
properties in blacks in. the West Indies, they
would like suddenly to -be dispossessed of those
properties. The New Testament says, "Do
unto others as thou wouldest they should do
unto you." -Now if, - when Mr. Wilber.-
force and the Society- send out- Missionaries,
or Acts- of- Parliament, to bring about their phi.
lanthropic intentions,: they were, to Send out the
money to pay off the planters the value of the
emancipated, they-would be doing to the present
posseisors.of West India' estates what, we think,
the-Society-and Messrs. Wilberforce and Buxton
-v-Cooltl. like to be done unto them,. if their means
Ot.iiuppert.:arosa front the-profits derived from the
cultitAtion of sugar, Vic.

The seamen in the several parti, in consequence
of the .great demand fOr men for foreign voyages, are standing
up for very high wages. In the western seaports common
seamen, get put 21. a month ;.:and two large vessels have lost the
whole of their crews in .a port where 31. a month was offered.—
(.Soti;kaptpion Chtonicte.- ) • '

ACClDENT.—Saturday morning the scaffolding
ilig front of a house in Bond-street, which was
undergoing repair, gave way, by which accident
most of the bricklayers and labourers who were
upon it received most serious injury; but the
sufferers are all still alive.

FlRl.—Yesterday morning at three o'clock a
fire broke out in a house in Albion Buildings,
Bartholomew Close, which destroyed the same,
together with four other buildings. Happily no
live 6 were lost.

COUNTRY MARKETS AND FAIRS

DURING TIER LAST WELL.

LIVERPooL CORN EXCHANGE, April 2p.

.. . . . , .
Notwithstanding the import of all descriptions of Grain has
been so much smaller than of late, it is quite adequate to the
demand. There has been very little doing in any 'article in
the trade since last Tuesday, and to-day's market was a very
slender one,
~there being few dealers in attendance. Some few
parcels of gorid'English Wheat were sold to speculators, but
no advance in price was obtained ; in Irish next to, nothing
was done. Barley, Malt, and New Beans, are dull of sale,
and prices rather giving way. Although Oats were not in re-
quest, thole who'hold• them are firm, and refuse to take less
than we last quoted. Foreign Grain under lock is nearly un-
noticed, and the stock of American Flour is increaoing. '
Wheat, F.nglish, Ohl
New los ad a los 9d
Dittosound us od a Os ad
Scotch, Old los 3d a los 9d
Canada (free) lOs gd'a I Is od
Irish,. Old
New B3 3d 'a 96 6d
Barley, English, Old
New 6s Od a 6s 3d
Irish, Old
Now ss Od a 5s 6d
Scotch, Old Os Od' a Os Od'
New
Oats, Potato, Old Ss 9d a. 3s iid
New
Limerick, Old
New
Welsh, Potato, Old 38 7d a 3s ad
Malt, Fine 9s Od a 9s 8d per 36qts.
Ditto, middling Bl Od a 8s 6d
Beans, Old sos Od a 523 Od per quarter.
New 43, Od a 491 Od
Superfine Flour, Old
New 4Bs Od a 50s Od
Oatmeal, Old —s od a —s od
New 93s Od a 361 Od
American Flour, sweet, (in bond) 31s 0,1 a 33s Od per barrel
of 1961b5. net.—Sour, (out of bond), —s a —s.
Import of Grain for the Week ending April lg.
Wheat. Barley. Oats. Flour. 1 Sacks Irish,
Bush. 701 b Bush. 60lb Bush. 451 b For. Brls per 2401 b
25,260 8,730 61,770 7269 1511
CH
Wheat, 751 b Os Od It Os Od
New lOs Od a lOs 3d
Oats

NANT
Wheat, 751 b Ss 9d a 9s nd
-- New is Od a Ss 6d
Barley, 38gts 4s 9d a 6s Od

CANTE
Wheat Brown —s a—s
New 54.; a 65s
White
New 62s a 701
Rye —s a —s

~~

:S'EER.

Barley, 38qts Os od a Os Od
-- New 61 6d a 68 9d
Rye

Cr

' WIC El.

--- New 33s a 406
Oats

Oats, 45ths . Os Od a Os Od
-- New 36 Sd a Ss 6d
Rye Os Od a Os Od

:BB U RY.

MAID;

Beans • 30s a 35s
'Picks - a
Hog Pease
Boiling Pease
Flour
Hay, per ton
Clover
Straw

;TONE.

Wheat, Red 551 a 66s Beans, Tick —s
White.... 60s a 80s Small 33s a 42s
Barley . • 3ss a 41$ Pease, Grey 35s a 375
Oats
Price,of Oil Cake at the Mills in this Neighbourhood, 121 Os
per.Thousacid.
,Rape. cake 1201. per Ton, ur 71. per Thousand.
