market-
unknown when he might pre e i s eey7o be
den
ude
conducted
expected
amidst till
within a few hours of his arrival), was tri,e,t, at the
environs of the town, the horses taken from his
carriage, and, preceded by a band of music, several
a numerous
bodytiag Bans NoVfi t h
freeholders appropriate
an
and
inscriptions,
others,
the merry ringing of the bells and the most animated
:teiciel arm, awtihoenrse,offrtohnel paobpaullcaocney, toin
frontililr. Smith's,
tithlei
place, the Major delivered his sentiments in a short
but comprehensive address, pledging himself to the
support of the Bill brought forward by Lord John
Russell, yielding to no modification thereof which
should not be first conceded by his Majesty's Mini-
sters,—to the abolition of slavery, and to every mea.
sure that might be proposed in ;iparliatneat for the
true interest and prosperity of ti:e country ; and,
having thanked the assembly for their marked appro-
bation, with three cheers for the King, the Major
took his leave, with the most gratifying feeling of
success.

GLORIOUS TRIUMPH OF REFORM AT

LIVERPOOL.

The freemen of Liverpool have redeemed their
..haracter by the glorious stand which, on Tuesday,
they trade for the King and the Bill. On that day
the poll commenced at twelve at noon. The friends
of Messrs. Ewart and Denison, between whom the
events of the election in November had caused
heart-burnings and jealousies, having been recon-
ciled by the friendly interference of the reformers,
who acted between the two parties as mediators,
they came to the poll this morning determined to
solit between those two gentlemen. The old mode
of voting by tallies was abolished, and eight booths
having been opened, the freemen voted in the booths
assigned to the initial letters of their surnames. The
greatest enthusiasm prevaild among all classes of
the inhabitants; and it was soon evident that the
union and the organization of the friends of Reform
were too formidable for General Gascoyne to con-
tend against with any chance of suceess. The free-
men came to the poll almost spontaneously; t►ure
was scarcely any canvassing. All the voters, with
the exception of a few, carne up late in the day, and
were perfectly sober. In short, the present election
afforded the strongest possible contrast to the elec-
tion of Ib3o On that occasion, all was profilacy
and venality ; on the present, all is pariiy and pa-
triotism. The poll was kept open from noon to
seven o'clock in the evening. At the close the
numbers were---
Ewart
Denison 1,374
Gascoyne
Number of freemen polled

. _
-It is itnios;ble that General Gascoyne can re-
trieve the ',umbers which he has lost on to-day's
poll. He is in a fearful minority of 869 below Mr.
Denison. His defeat is considered as certain. It has
caused the most heartfelt joy throughout the town,
" The King and the Bill" being the universal watch-
word. I' was hoped that General Giscoyne would
hive been advised to retire from the contest, seeing
that his cause is hopeless ; but it is under tood that
his friends intend to try the result of tri-morrow's
poll, which there cannot nokt.' be a doubt wia ter-
minate in the signal defeat of the leader of the Anti-
Reformers.

COUNTY ELECTION.
MANCIIEsTEA, TUESDAY JevrNmo.
setlAtiol
Mr. Patter's
pi
aytot in m
by
st
the
ey m
pretensionslastmiddle
that 1
eo fa should t m
1 which ake
a de-
monstrationt would
t rest.
News, friends our wars are done."
He has resigned, and left the mot lemourable testi-
mony behind him that we are determined to have
the Bill. His printed resignation hes been circu-
lating here for about three hours. The following
extracts will suffice 1 find the feeling through-
out the country, on the subject of the Reform Bill,
so strong that no candidate is likely to obtain the
votes of the freeholders generally who will not
pledge himself to a much greater extent in support
of that measure than is in my power to do." This
triumph has had an accompanying pageant. Tues-
day is market-day, which causes the town to be
crowded with all corners : of course none so proper
for Mr. Hunt to repeat his vowed visits to Peterloo.
The area has lately been about half enclosed. The
open space was not half full, and the previous parade
round the town was altogether a sorry affair. He
declaimed loudly aigainst the Bill, as having a ten-
dency to keep out the labourers for ever from ob-
taining suffrages, and to confirm the cern-laws. On
this he was answered by Dogherty, who is at the
Trades' Union, who told him, in the hearing of his
admirers, that the working people held by the Bill
as a step towards their own enfranchisement : that
Mr.H.'s project of throwing it out would have no of her
effect than to drive the labourers to the only chance
that would then be left them, a civ it war, i n which some
new Marat or Robespierre might get the upper hand,
and glut themselves with the people's blood, and
lead the way to worse evils than any thi had yet
suffered. What does the orator upon this ? As I
am a living man and a Christian, in the midst of
2,000 or 3,000 of the most illiterate persons in these
dominions, he interrupted him upon the forms of
debate ! He spoke to order ! 1 need not tell you
the effect. There was enough disorder to prevent
any recurrence to the case of the Mountain, and his
rabble voted him " the true prophet," and any body
else a Lac. The Sun of th s evening has fully ex-
plained his scheme of election at Preston. Mr.
Heywood's Committee having lost their enemy, are
about to turn their arms in the direction of Chester
and Liverpool. In the latter place you will be re-
joiced to see by the returns that the gallant author
of all this stir is likely to be left out of the next
Parliament, unless the boroughrnongering deities fly
to his rescue.
