DIVIDENDS.

April 10, E. Blakey, NelaitOUd-stieet, milliner—April 20,
J. Austin, Berkhampstead. St. • Peter, Hertfordshire, coach-
maker—April 24, J. Anderson, West Smithfield, bookseller—
April 20, J. G °laden, Goulden's-place, near Hackney-road,
carpenter—April 27, \V. E. Kirkpatriok, Lime-street, mer.
chants—April 24, 3. Steele,, Liverpool, chart-seller—May 1, H.
Oakes, Chelmsford, linen-draper—April 24, J. W. Carter,
Mercer-street, Long-acre, coach-plater—April27, E. Lindo, Bil-
liter-street, broker—April 24, E. Ingram, Reading, dressmaker
—April. 24, G. Dixon, Chiswell-street, Finsbury-square, iron-
monger—April 24, J. Alloway, Rotherhithe, timber merchant
—April 20, J. Antrobus, Liverpool, draper—April 22, J. Hard-
man, Spotland, Lancashire, cotton-spinner—April 21, H.
Thompson, Sculcoates, Yorkshire, merchant--April 21, J.
Boyes,'•Anlaby, Yorkshire, sugar-baker—April 21, T. Gell,
Kingston-upon-Hull, merchant—April 22, A. Meyer and H.
Wilckens, Liverpool, Merchants— April 23; B. Walker, West
Smithfield, tailor. •
_ _ CERTIFICATES, APRIL 20.

C.. Rist,. Lombard-street, autioneer-4.iiiYson, Lad-lane,
Manchester-warehouseman—'r. S. Tarling, Layton, Essex,
tailor—R. Het bert,. St. Mary-Axe, wine-merchant.
. . •.• • • .PA R'f NE RSH IPS DISSOLVE D.
M. Cooper and J. Coates, Richmond, York, boot-makers—
W. Mackay and J. Church, Sittingbourne and Green-street,
Kent, surgeons—B. Cock and G. I3arwise, Lambeth-terrace,
plumbers—M. Bradley and A. Bradley, Brown's-lane, Spital-
fields, pawnbrokers—W. Taylor and.. C. Knight; Worthing,
Sussex, livery-stable-keepers—J. Preston and R. Leigh,. Han-
ley, Stall-Ord, attornies—R. Rees and T. Birchen, Swansea,
ironmongers-=G. B. Pearse and A. Gann, Vere-street, Oxford-
street, •auctioneers—J. Houghton and B. Rossiter, Liverpool,-
booksellers—E. Pugh and J. Knapp,-New-thad, Whitechapel,
-Baxter and A. .Prentice, Manchester— .•
Postlethwaite and J. Jackson, Ludgate-Street,. glass-dealers—
J. Orintod and J. Padlcy, Ardwick. Manchester, livery-stable-
keepers. • .

PARLIA 11ENT,

HOUSE OF LORDS, IlAncit 30.
MISCELLANEOUS.

Lord GRANTHAM presented a petition from Royston,
against the Duty on Coals carried coastwayi.—Laid on the
table.
Mr. SPICAIIIIAT,T, from the Treasury, presented certain ac-
counts relative to the public debt.--Laid on the table.
Earl MORLEY presented petitions from Plymouth and
Bodmin, praying for the -abolition of Slavery, and one from
Plymouth, in favour of the Plythouth improvement Bill.—
Laid on the table:
SILK TRADE.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN held a petition from a large
proportion of the Master Silk Manufacturers of Spitalflelds.—
They prayed that the House would pause before it passed the
Bill for opening the Silk Trade, as owing to the greateidear-
ness of labour in this country they were convinced that that
trade could not flourish under the free competition proposed.
They also Prayed that if Parliament determined'in its wisdom
to pass the said Bill into a laW, the period at:which the Trade
was to be opened should be extended from two years and a
quarter to five years, in order to give them time to alter their
machinery. He (the Marquis of L.) had thought it his duty to
present this petition, but wished to state thatit continued to
be his opinion that if the measure before the House were pass-
ed into a laW, however partieular branches of the Silk 'rrade
might suffer, the great bulk of that trade would prosper td a
much greater extent than it had yet done in this country. - At
the same time, he admitted that where such great interests were
concerned, the petitioners were entitled to the most serious at-
tention of the House.—The petition was then read and laid on
the table.

SLAVE 'TRADE.
The 'Order of the Day for% going into a Committee on the
Slave Trade Piracy Bill haying been read,
Earl I3ATHURST stated, that it was of the greatest im-
portance that the Bill Should be speedily passed, as unless it
arrived before the'Congress of the United States had separated,
the Treaty with this country could not receive the sanction of
the American Government, and would remain unratified till
the month cif November. Under these circumstances he trusted
that the House would have no objection to negative the Com-
mittee, and to allow the Bill to be read a third time at once. ,
Earl GROSVENOR should not object to the course pro-
poied by the Noble Earl, as.he was anxious that so salutary a
measure, and one that did el much honour to both countries,'
should be passed into a law by both of them as speedily as pos:.
tßible. It was now forty years since the first attack had been
made upon the Slave Trade, and it was not less remarkable
than gratifying, that almost all the leading individuals in that
great cause should be alive at this moment to witness the com-
pletion of its triumph. The Clarksons and Wilberforces were
still alive. The Noble Earl then repeated his observations re-
specting the propriety of affording greater and more specific
facilities for. the manumission of slaves in the West Indies than
were provided in the instructions sent to Trinidad. He con-
tended, that althopgh the question whether the children of
Olives were born slaves, had been raised, and an Act had been
passed on the subject four years ago, it would remain as un-
settled as before, if the present instructions did not take effect.
lie considered, however, the Noble Earl at the head of the
Treasury to have given a pledge, that if the facilities now af-
forded did not prove sufficient, greater ones would be supplied.
The country also stood pledged to adopt decisive measures to
carry its instructions into eilect in case they should be rejected
by,the Colonies.. Supposing Jamaica to treat the Noble Earl
its it had done before, what course would be pursued? Should
we have a bloodless warfare at the Custom-house ? He also
wished to know how the large Ecclesiastical Establishment for '
the Colonies was to be provided for. The Noble 'Earl then
Lointed out the adyantage of free labour as exemplified at Sierra
eone, and congratulated the House on the introduction of the
present Bill, which he trusted would produce a salutary effect
on other nations, and lead to the universal abolition of the
boners of the Slave Trade. Some individuals were found who
maintained that the Situation of the slaves was as good as that
of labouring men in this country. Let it be compared, and the
difference would appear as great as between dui-lends and light,
between hell and Heaven.

" Earl BATH URST explained,. that no doubt whatever was
entertained of the Planter's right to his slaves and to their issue.
It was. confirmed by all the laws on the Statute Book. The
Act to which the Noble Earl had alluded was not to regulate
that point, but to effect a general registering of slaves. By
that Act it was provided that no money could be lent on any
plantation on the security of slaves, unless those slaves were
inscribed, on the. General Register. With respect to the assur-
ance given by his Noble Friend on a previous occasion (the
Earl of Liverpool) that every encouragement and facility
should be afforded to the manumission of slaves, they had his
hearty concurrence. As to the conduct to be adopted towards
discussion
those islands having Legislatures of their own, which might not
he disposed to come into the views of his Majesty's Government
thatand ionfdi Parliament, he
the knew
pwart tnothingan an
any prospective
itokeliyve to increase
e a
t
in that House of measures to meet that contingency. He
therefore trusted that the Noble Earl, to whose sincere zeal for
k
the abolition'of slavery he did full justice, would abstain from
raising a discussion which would be only calculated to. counter-
act his own wishes.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN concurred with tilt Noble
Earl opposite in the propriety of avoiding intempestive discus-
sions. • He hoped; however, that the Assemblies of those Co-
lonies which did not' come under the operation of the instruc-
tions, would be induced to'take a more reasonable view of the
subject than they had hitherto done, and following the example
of the islands where they should be carried into effect, would
adopt measures not more connected with humanity. than with
their own interests, which would relieve both his Majesty'? Go-
vernment and Parliament from the necessity of returning to
this discussion with a determination to enforce the general
welfare of the King's subjects, whether freemen or slaves.
With respect to the measure before the House, it was one which
he had always urged as indispensably necessary towards the
total abolition of the Slave Trade. He should even take
blame to himself for not having proposed it long since,
had it not been necessary that it should be adopted in conjunc-
tion with other Powers, and should be preceded by negocia-
dens. He considered it. most fortunate that the States of Arne-
rica should have been led, by an act of their own to declare the
clanycletirdrerdade on the subject,
bjeclit,ehunnt ddeirdstnod h
not know
ktnoa a
wt
wtreatyhad
was
not
beenon
he
ictt Itt
Americang
reai
tb
their e
ml s es —g) h_j(
tEoxi
contain
ntol
vtheßaoiandvnt
having
nnaaugverponss
trttel
or
aets
vinali iltsdtoithoht hpinesr ae
sttut
to bin
be;
al
ait cnyhoaa
dsui lmthdhhei
the
aeetnotrxnw expressed
eeecsasosr assueeuddnt
measure
etarhei
yucehl
spot 'by
to
uni
all other States.—(Hear, hear! from Lord Bathurst.)—For an- '
til the concurrence of every Christian Power had been ob-
tained, the abolition of that abominable traffic would be incom-
plete. Glad as he was to see England and America at last
embarked in the same cause—(Hear, hear !)—it was an addi-
tional satisfaction for him to see them embarked on a principle
so intimately connected with their common origin and their
common religion, and for the maintenance and extension of
which their respective means were so peculiarly well adapted.
He hoped that from the moment the Treaty should beconchid-
ed, no time would he lost in entreating, or enforcing by de-
mand if necessary, the adoption of a similar measure by other
States, so that every individual carrying on that infamous traf-
fic should be proclaimed hosiis humaui generis, and treated as
such. He felt it, however, an act of justice to an indivi_
dual to say, that the principle of the Slave Trade being
piracy, had been originally established under the auspices of
a British Officer, Sir William Ker Grant, in the treaties which
he bed concluded with the Arab Powers on the Persian Gulf.
—He found Wit condition' of the peace granted to the Arab
Princes, that the carrying off of slaves from Africa should be
deemed an offence against all countries, and they had entered
into a solemn engagement to that effect. How far they had
kept it, he Told not say, but the principle had been laid down,
and when cnce adopted and maintained by the other Powers,
would sweep away the Slave Trade from the earth. He should
not object to the course proposed l.;y the Noble Earl; but on
the contrary thanked him for the zeal which he had displayed
in forwarding so salutary and honourable a measure. •
The Earl of HARROWBY.explained, that the American
Congress had passed a Bill in its last Session, declaring the
Slave Trade to be piracy. Since that time there had been a
treaty concluded with the British Government, by which both
-coeintries gave. each other a right of search. This Treaty and
the, Bills passed by Congress, and now passing by Parliament,
were independent of each other, so that should Treaty not
be ratified* still the Slave Trade would reniain piracy by the
1,1,1,8 of blith countries. It was in order to make our inten-
tions clearer, than it was. desirable that the present Bill silould,

arrive in America with our ratification of the Treaty. He
wished only to add,_that America pledged herselfin that-Treaty
to unite with England to invite the other Powers to declare the
slave Trade piracy.--(Hear, hear !)
The Committee was then negatived, and the Bill reada third
time and passed.
Lord G. SOICLEIISET and others brought several. Private
Bills from the Commons, which were read a first time.—Ad-
journed.
