MONTHLY REPORT.

The Wheat Harvest commenced generally last
week, through the Home and Eastern Counties,
With varying produce of crops ; in some parts
they are likely to rise well ; but in others, the
effects of heavy taint and blights have extensively
injured the Corn. The Barleys, though a heavy
crop, die a good colour. Beans are well set, but
Peas, particularly the grey kinds, have failed in
most districits. The Oats are not looked upon as
a toll average crop ; in the Fens, they were ge-
nerally cut off, with the Rape Seeds, by the Mid-
summer frosts. Potatoes have recovered them-
',elves, and-bid fair to turn up abundantly. The
early Tnrnips were much taken off by the fly ;
but the latter sown ones have planted well. The
Hay Harvest has nearly closed in, roost districts,
with a large produce ; but in several it has been
got up very badly, from the long-continuing rains.
Flee Hop Plantations in Kent and Sussex have got
rid of much of the vermin that infested the blue ;
which, however, still appears too week for a toll
crop.—The continuance of dry weather leaving
shortened the latter gr►►ss feed, has lowered the
Brice of Lean Stock in Beasts full I() per cent.
Sheep hold their price, from the prospect of plenty
of Spring Turnips and Coleseed. Store Hogs are
dearer. Cart Colts continue reasonable. For
\Vool there is no present market of illy sort, so
that prices are merely non►ival,

COUNTRYMEN-TO address you I am even au-
thorized by the right with which every tree man
may speak to the oppressed. The erents which
in rapid succession have taken place, within the
last nine years, have pointed out to you the so-
lemn titles under which the Independent States of
Chili and Buenos Ayres order Me to enter your
territory to defend your liberty. This is identi•
fled with theirs, as well as with the cause of the
human race, and the means confided to me to
save you are as efficacious as they are consistent
with so sacred an object.
From the first moment that a determination to he free ap-
peared in Anierea, the agents of Spanish power hastened to
extinguish that mental illumination that would make Ame-
ricans sensible of their chains. The Revolution began to
present an imposing aspect in other parts, and in conse-
quence of its progress the Viceroy of Peru mdeavoured to
persuade the world that he had been able to efface in the in-
habitants of Lions even the soul to feel the weight and igno-
miny of their chains. The world, scandalized at the sight of
American blood tlowitr; by the hand of Americans, began to
consider whether the slaves were as culpable as their tyrants,
or whether liberty had more to complain of those who had
the barbarous courage to invade it, or they who were stupid
and base enough nut to defend it. The war continued, de-
saluting this innocent country, hut notwithstanding all the
combinations of despotism, the gospel of the rights of maw
was propagated in the midst of contradictions. Hundreds of
Americans fell on the field of honour, or by the hand of
treacherous Chieftains; but the public opinion,strengthrned
by noble traits, made us triu niphant, and huts time, the
great regenerator of political societies, prepared the moment
when the problem of Peruvian feeling and the fate of South
America was to be decided.

My warning, therefore, is nut that of a conqueror, who
seeks'to create a new slavery. The maturity of things has
prepared this grand day of your political emancipation, and I
can be no more than an accidental instrument of justice and
an agent of destiny. Sensible of the horrors with which
war afflicts humanity, I have always sought to gain my object
by means must conformable to the interests and welfare of
the Peruvians. After a complete battle on the field of Mai-
pa, without listening to the incitements of a just vengeance
fur a barbarous aggression, or to the right of indemnity for
the great evils caused to Chili, I gave full proof of my peace-
able feelings, I wrote to your Viceroy, under date of 11th
April, ult. reminding him of the didicult situation in which
Ire was placed, pointing out to him the extent of the re-
sources of two states intimately united, and the preponder-
ance of their armies, in a word, the disparity of the struggle
that threatened him. I made him answerable to the inhabi-
tants of your territory for the effects of the war, and to avoid
them I proposed to him to convoke the illustrious inhabitants
of Lima, pointing out to him the sincere desires ni the Go-
vernments of Chili and Buenos Ayres; that he should heat
their rights and complaints, and allow the people freely to
adopt the form or Government they might think ?proper; the
result of whose spontaneons deliberations should be the su-
preme law of my operations. This liberal proposal was an-
swered by threats and insults, wherefore the order of jus-
tice, as well as common security, compel me to adopt the last
extreme, the use of a protecting force. The blood that may
be shed will, therefore, be alone the crime of tyrants and
their •.atelitts.

The sincerity of my intentions has nut been less evident
since the battle of Chacabuco. The Spanish army was com-
pletely routed, Chili became an independent State, and its
inhabitants began to enjoy the security of their property and
the fruits of their freedom. This example alone is the most
secure guarantee of my conduct. Tyrants, habituated to the
di,figuring of facts in order to light up the toseb of discord,
have themselves been compelled to confess that moderation
was the guide of the victorious army in Chili. Our interest
is that of the people. It is the interest of all that the tyrants
should-be ejected from Lima, and the result of victory will be
that the capital of Peru will, for the first time, behold her
children assembled, freely electing their own Government,
and appearing on the earth in the rank of a nation. The
union of these three Independent States will teach Spain her
own impotence, and of other powers insure the esteem and
respect. The first basis of your political existence being
fixed, a Central Congress of the three Stites will give stabi-
lity to all. Under the empire of new laws you will learn the
benefits of social existence. Youi ruins will disappear, and
be succeeded by peace and plenty,.
AmerieatisThe victorious armies of an insolent Tyrant
diffuse terror among the people subjected by their triumphs ;
but the legions I command, compelled to make war against
those tyrants who have provoked them, promise friendship
and protection to their brethren. I pledge this promise shall
be kept.
European Spaniards—l seek nut your ruin. I enter not the
Peruvian territory to destroy. You yourselves are interested
in the prosperity of America, for there is your home. - Spain
is in a state of degredation. Her resources are dilapidated,
the State loaded with an enormous debt, and the Monarch
tillable to aid you. Peru, free, offers to you a betjer country
than the one that gave you birth. Unite then with us. We
respect property and religion.

Inhabitants ut Peru—To you collectively I address myself.
The civilized world has now its eyes upon you. Do not con-
firm the suspicions held against you for nine years. It you
avail yourselves of this favourable moment the transition will
be easy. When the rights of the hun►an race, lost in l'eru for
so many ages, shall be restored, I Shall be happy in 1111111“ g
in the formation of such institutions a; will preserve them,
and when the work is ended, I shall have fulfilled the best
wishes of my heart.

(Signed) JOSE DE SAN MARTIN.
ilcad-Qaartcee, Sautiaio dt cbiti, Nor, 1;t, 391 8,

Grneral Abisb.4l wisely foresaw the necessity of
crushing the conspiracy in its cradle. In the course
of last night, tie assembled 4,000 men of our gar-
rison, and addressed therm in an animated mai:-
ner : he promised them, in the first place, in the
King', name, that Hiey sboold hr exempted flout
serving in the expedi ion, it ihty wool zrah,sir
concur with lion n !he exec lion of certain prompt
IllettStlfes, would be highly ben, ficiAl to bk.
MAjes'y's service. Thes(- irooi.s all promised tilos
their ftiNtort. Immediat ly, ii e j,ititpAol.Dinnit
placed himself at their head and led hi cu ,0 11-rt.
Saint Maiia, where iti,! Camp Victoria w,rs form-
ed, consisting of 7,000 men, liestined to he firs[
embodied. The whole division was sotronoticd.
and laid clown 'heir .oms His E.erflency in-
stall/1y proclaimed the general rintoial ofthe
nth-
The regiments %vete dispcistd iii different
towns of Aiiddlusia. Tile number of officos in
custody .-imniinis to abo‘e 160. •

cers.

'l'he iolhtwittg 11,tyal Dent. t ha- jutt been i,stteri:

•
" The King, in consideration of the imricu'ar merit and
services of Lieutenant-Geller:ll('tint D'Alti•lyd. has d, iztied.
to confer npun him tlicGiand 1 ro•s of the ()tiler tries HI.
" His :Majesty, for has deign, d to prn—
mnte Sandlield to the of Licittetmlit—
lieneral of his Armies.
" The former of thesii' two General Orticer•s is of Erw.lisli
origin, and the latter is an horn. It ‘t re—
collected that the latter was one tit the superior milai,,ty of-
ficers who so eagerly repaired to welcome the King o❑ hi)
arrival at Valencia, in the munch of Ntay,

117 e. subjoin the following letirrs iru,n (id sitar
upon !his siihject. They give a ilitlvleof, rin,) we
th nk not it vcry piohnble, otigni to tie in,inicc-

Linn :

GIBRALTAR, JULY 10 —l' i 4 more than proba-
ble Ow you will have heard of the in•to cto•ii at
Cadiz betore this reaches you, and of the Or, iitra..
tion of the troops itt favour of a new Consiii„,i„„.
'Cite packet wilh tit mail front help e, tri,ith was
to have been a losed as usual by 12 o'clock, es as
kt pt open six hours later, in pursuance of (inlets
from the Governor, in order that be might be
enabled ro comm,nicate official information tts
the lititish Government, with respect to the Dews
front Cadiz. Exprt sses from that city are lool.:d
for with the greatest lioxie!y, as something of
imputtatic,::. is expected to happen. 1e is g• ne-
rally understood that a body of a'uon 5000 troops,
ordered to embark at I'oetto Santa ;Matta, f er the
South American Expedition, have positively re-
fused to go on board of them, and many petsons
are of opinion, that this is only the titst step to
an occurrence of much greater consequence.
Another letter, of the same date, contains the
following paragraph :

I'. S. News has arrired here, by express, from
Cadiz, that a general insurrec:ton has taken place
;ttnottr. the Spanish troops, who have oeclared
positively, that unless a new Constitution i• g,ven
them, they will not proceed on board the expe-
dition. It is said, that several regiments, under
the command of a Spanish Colonel, have actually
marched for Madrid, in order to force at com-
pliance.
