LONDON, FRIDAY EVENING, JUNE 27, 1828.

TO NOBLEMEN AND GENTLEMEN.

WANTS a situation as BAILIFF, a per-
son of SS years of age, and of great experience in
every branch of Agriculture. He has long had the manage-
ment of an extensive Farm, on which tillage and grazing,
according to the most improved method, have been been
combined. He is a good judge of Stock, and understand*
Draining and Planting. lie cam be highly recommended
by his present employer, with whom he has lived thirteen
years. Letters addressed (post-paid) Post-office, Ware,
will be attended to.

In one volume 12m0., price 3s. 6d. bound,
SELECT PORTIONS of SACRED
HISTORY, conveyed in sense for Latin Verses, in-
tended chiefly for the Use of Schools.
By the Rev. FRANCIS HODGSON, M.A.,
Vicar of Ba.kewell, Derbyshire, Author of a Translation of

. .
_
Juvenal, &c. &C. &e.
Printed for John Taylor, Bookseller and Publisher to
the University of London, 30, Upper Gower-street ; and
sold ley James Duncan, 37, Paternoster-row ;J. A. liessey,
Fleet-street ; and Hatchard and Son, Piccadilly.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.
(From the Gazette de France, dated June 25.)

" CONSTANTINOPLE, MAI- 3l.—The troops which set
out for the Danube have been reviewed by Hussein Pasha
and by the Sultan himself, who ordered presents to be dis-
tributed among them, and said, as he quitted them, " Be-
have bravely—l shall soon follow you."
"The hopes of the Porte depend on these forces, though
it is known that the active army of the Russians is up-
wards of 100,000 men and their reserve 60,000, while
the Turks have scarcely 80,000, including the garrisons
of the fortresses. Yet the pride of the Ottomans does not
allow them to doubt for a moment of victory.
" The operations of General Paskewitsch against the
province of Erzeroum disturb the Porte more than those of
the army on the Danube, because it is known that the ci-
devant Janissaries, most of whom have been banished to
that province, have organised a revolt there. A finnan
has just been read in the mosques, calling the people to
arms in defence of the country, of which the following is
the substance : . .

'‘ The Ottoman people still remembers how much the
Greek insurrection has attracted the attention of the Go-
vernment, and that it neglected nothing to suppress it. A
new enemy is now added to this revolutionary flame, and
seeks with fire and sword the ruin of the empire, the pro-
fanation of religion, and the slavery of yourselves and your
wives. Take arms, brave Mussulmen, against the Russian
infidels ; repair five times every day to the sacred temples,
and there put up the prescribed prayers that the favour of
the Prophet may ensure us the victory. Arm, brave
Mussulmen, in defence of the country; such is the supreme
command.' _

" The heath of 25 Russians killed before Brailow,
have been sent hither and publicly exposed in front of the
Seraglio.
" The Black Sea is closed against all flags ; but it it
remarkable that the Porte has granted permission to pass
the Bosphorus to two Russian ships bound to Odessa.—
Augsburglt Gazette.
" SMYRNA, MAY 30. —'f he Russian subjects have ap-
plied to the Consul of the Netherlands for passports, and
prepare to depart. Admiral de Rigny is on this coast.
Admirals Codrington and Isleyden are at Navarin. Many
sailors belonging to the Dutch and French vessels at anchor
in our port have embraced the Mahometan religion, not-
withstanding the efforts of their captains to prevent them.
Their example has found many imitators among the Ame-
rican seamen.

PARIS, JUNE 24.—Count Alfred de Vaudreuil, First
Secretary of the French Legation in Portugal, arrived at
Paris yesterday, at two o'clock in the afternoon. Lle made
the journey from Lisbon in a very few days.
" It was affirmed yesterday that M. de Vaudreuil was
the bearer of the act of the General Cortes of Portugal,
which declares that the Crown of Portugal belongs to the
Infant Don Miguel, by virtue of the fundamental laws of
the kingdom, which regulate the order of succession to the
throne.

fhe Cours Authentique of Tuesday last is not yet ar-
rived. The Gazette de France, dated 'Wednesday
the 25th, quotes only the prices of the Funds on the
23d instant.)
