-26 V)

(No. 12,044-1

his opinions on this subject strongly ; he cared not how f.r
some persons might think he had gone beyond the bounds
of discrimination, for in his opinion, when the rizltts of a
nation were I isregarded and its people trampled under
foot, discretion was hut a poor virtue.—( Hear, hear.)
Mr. COBI3ETT rose to express his entire approbition
of what had fallen from the Hon. M,mber for Bath ;
he however wished, that that Hon. Gentleman, instead of
stating that the people of England were the oppressors of
Ireland, had stated that those oppressors were the grinding
aristocracy of England.
An HoN. MENIBER deprecated the strong language
which had heen used by the Hon. Member for Bath, and
expressed his determination of supporting his Majesty's
Ministers in carrying forward the measure to the utmost.
Another Hot.. MEMBER said that though an Irishman
and an English Member, he could never sit in that House
and hear observa•ions fall from Han. Members, almost
amounting to the open preaching of rebellion.
The SPEAKER. rose to order. He could not but
think that the Hon. Member had entirely mistaken the
statements of the Hon. Member for Bath; all that he un-
tiei stood that Hon.:Gentleman to state was, that the people
of Ireland should oppose being slaves by all the means
which the law would give them. That he took to be the
sub.rance of the statement of the lion. Member. If he
could have entertained such a nation as that which bad
been just stated, be should have called the Hon. Member
for Bath to order at once.

?RILES OF STOCKS Tiii.
Rank Stock
31>er Cent. Red
3 per Cent Cons. 87% S
34 per Cent. shut
Oitto Red
gew 34 per Cent. 9.5161,414,
3 per Cent Ann. 17•..

Mr. FINN felt called upon to make a few observations
upon that part of tbe Hon. Member for Bath's speech, in
which he recommended Irish Members to withdraw from
that House. He considered it a duty he owed to the
people of Ireland to remain there, as the question of taxa-
tion would shortly come forward, and it was the duty of
every Member to be at his post, to endeavour, if he pos-
siliy could, to reduce those taxes that bore so heavily on
the people. The question of sinecures and unmerited pen-
sions would be brought forward, and it behoved Members
to be in their places to reduce them—to put down useless
expenditure of every description—to extend liberty in every
way, anti to support triennial Parliaments and vote by ballot.
If the recommendation of the Hon. Member for Bath were
followed by the Irish Members, the conseqnt-nces would
be that the different Members of the Government would
hold their seats on very easy terms. The interests of the
people of Ireland and England were united, and he for one
was determined to do his utmost for the maintenance of
that Union.

1 per Cent. 1826 . .
!Link Long Ann. to expire
Jan. 5, 19Ro shut
Oct. 10, 1850 shut
Jan. 5, 1860 l7 1-16
Jan. 5, 1880 -
April 5, 1980 -
Jan. 5, 1870 -

PRICES OF FOREIGN FUNDS
Austrian Bonds 9t; 54

Belgian Bonds B9
Ditto Account B9 ►k
Brazilian Bonds

Ditto Account 63% 3
Buenos Ayres Bonds
Ditto Account 0434
Chilian Bonds ... 2314
Ditto Account
Columbian Bemis l6
Ditto Account

Mr. ROEBUCK cbserved that if the Hon. Member,
who had deprecated the strong language he had used
would only take the trouble of looking into the speeches
of Mr. Fox, he would find the very same terms made use
of by that Right Hon. Gentleman as he hail used.
Mr. H. JOHNSTONE presented several petitions from
the county of Dumfries ; one from the town of Dumfries,
for the better observance of the Sabbath ; front Vie pa-
rishes of Rnthvel, Dumcore, Laugh°line, Linlithgow, to
the lime effect; and front the parishes of Moffat and
Langhorne, for the abolition of negro slavery.
Mr. WILKS presented a petition, which bore the
signature of a gentleman of great eminence, and who had
for the last 40 years been the most eloquent and it,fluenttal
Dissenting Minister of the ci'y of Bath—the Rev.
William James.—(Hear.) It bore also the signatures
of the &aeons ant trustees or Argyll chapel in th ►t city.
They stated that the chapel was built by private contri-
hutiona,—that there was a considerable debt secured upon
it by mortgage; that so far from adding to the parochial
burdens, they dispensed charity to the poor of their con.
eregation, and that they felt greatly aggrieved by the in-
fliction of poor and church Sates, which were arbi-
trarily assessed upon the chapel.—(Hear, bear.) They
prayed the House to adopt such measures as would exempt
all places of religious wo•ship from poor rates and Church
rates. The Hon. Member also presented a similar peii-
tinn from B 'ston, in Lincolnshire, signed by ten Dissenting
ministers—B iptists, Unitarians, and Wesleyana—and by
678 respectable inhabitants of that town. They ex-
otessed their gratitude for the repeal of the Test and
Corporation Acts, but they felt grievously oppressed at the
present defective system of parochial registration, and they
prayed that all chapels be exempted from Church and
poor rates, and that marriages and funerals might
he permitted to he performed in them.—(Hear, hear.)
The Honourable Member also presented a similar
oetition from the Wesleyan Methodists of Ashburton, in
Devonshire. He also presented a similar petition from
the Dissenters of Bucknesfield, in the county of Devon.
Mr. POTTER begged to support the prayer of the
petition, and he hop d the Noble Lord would direct his
attention to the grievances und• r which the Dissenters
laboured, and that he would afford them that redress to
which they were entitled.
Mr. WILK S then presented a petition from the in-
habitants of Boston and its neighbourhood against negro
slavery. It was signed by several clergymen of the
Established Church, as well as Dissenting Minis•ers. He
also presented a similar petition from the Dissenters of the
Baptist persuasion, residing in Honeham, i❑ Stranhrook.
The petitioners considered that it was altogether inconsis-
tent with the principles of Christianity. The Hon.
Member then presented sundry petitions from different
places, one from Boston, signed by the Brewers and Re-
r ai 'ers of Beer the. e, praying that no such Committee nigh•
be appointed of which notice had been given. They stated
that the labouring classes, since the passing of the last act,
had been compelled to pay an extravagant price for that
article, owing to the monopoly of the brewers, and in con-
sequence of such monopoly the beer was of a ♦ery inferior
quality. Previous to the poising of that measure they
were able to sell good beer at a reduction of
one-third of the present price. He also had to present
a petitio❑ from the inhabitants of Ashburton, Devon,
praying that the Factory Bill might pass.
The petitioners were of opinion that no child ought to be
permitted to work under the age of nine years, anil that
the employment of children under that age should be
reduced to ten hours. He was sure that that npinioii
pervaded throughout the whole of England and It eland,
and he sincerely hoped that the House would pass that
Bill. The Hon. Member also presented petitions, praying
for the better observance of the Sabbath, from the
Dissenters of the independent congregation of Mallow, in
Cork, from Dr. Newman, of Bow, from the Rev. Dr.
Bowles, of Hackney, and from the Minister and congrega-
tion of Albion Chapel, Moorgate.
Colonel WILLIAMS presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Ashton-under-Lyne, to the same effect.
Also, a petition from Preston, in the county of Lancaster,
in favour of the Ten Hours Factory Bill, and another peti.
tion from Ashton-under-Lyne, to the same effect. The Hon.
Member then presented a petition signed by 3,300 persons,
against the Irish Suppression of Disturbances Bill, from
Ashton-under-Lyne. He then read the Petition at length,
and supported its prayer. It was, however, with reluct-
ance that he opposed the Ministers en this occasion, for, he
thought, it was to their predecessors the House ought to
impute all the evils now complained of in Ireland.
(Hear, hear). For ages passed, one Administration
after another had done every thing to oppress and
nothing to relieve Ireland. (Hear, hear.) The present
Administration had had no time to carry its good wishes
into complete effect, but it had done what it could to
relieve Ireland.—(Chegrs.) It was not to be expected,

Ditto Bonds, 1824
Ditto Account 1814
Danish Bonds -3%, 414
Ditto Account ....... ........ 74
Greek Bonds 3414
Ditto Bonds, 1825 ... 37

Ditto Account
Atexican Bonds; 5 per cent 30T,i

Ditto Account •

Ditto, A per cent 1734
Ditto Account 37th
Neapolitan 32

however, that the accumulated evil of centuries could be
relieved in a moment.—(Hear, hear.) It was, therefore,
with great reluctance that he opposed them upon this
Bill, for lie had been returned to this House as the advo-

cate of Reform and conciliation. He had heard the other
night of two Hon. Members who were at first opposed to
this Bill, but who had now become converts to its

The SPEAKER reminded the Hon. and Gallant
Member that he was straggling out of the matter of the
the petition.
Col. WILLIAMS, after a few more observations against
the courtmartial clause, sat down.
The petition was then laid upon the table.
FACTORY BILL.—LEEDS PETITION.

Mr. STRICKLAND said that he had a petition to
present, of great interest snd importance at the present
moment, in favour of the Bill now before the House for
limiting the duration of the labour of children in
factories —(Hear.) It was from Leeds, which, if not
the largest, was, perieaps, the most affluent manufacturing
town of this country. This petition had been stated to
him to be 24t1 feet long, and signed by 16.000 persons.
It was the time at which this petition was brought for-
ward, and the distinct manner in which it expressed the
sentiments of the petitioners, which made him think it of
importance ; but there was only one sentence in it to
which he wished to call the particular attention of Hon.
Members. In that sentence the petitioners begged
to hear their testimony to the accuracy of the
c%idence given before the Select Committee appointed by
that Hon. House to inquire into that subject, and parti-
cularly that portion of it which had reference to the pro-

COURSE OF EXCHA
Amsterdam C.f.' 12
atto, at sight
Rotterdam 2 U 12 3
Antwerp 12 8
Hamburg M.S. 13 151
Altona 13 151
Paris, 3 days' sight 25 90
Ditto 2 U. 26 15
Bordeaux 26 20
Berlin

Frankfort on Maine, Ex. M. 154
Petersburgh, ruble, 3 Us. 10 0
Vienna, effective fl. 2 M. 10 8
Trieste do
Madrid 37 V,
Cadiz 37.,
Bilboa
Barcelona 3r34,
Seville 36
Gibraltar 471%

a -7

~..
1
~
&
,k,....._-.—•---A,
s4ssfr• 40:•..-------lir
• _
,c;
..i.4-
\ji i ,i o ...,,,, 4. i ~, k '•-• ..' -.- 4.1. . '""Ill%.
\-1 ; . - . l''. 1 . ' ~• • ' 'Bc .4
.10 . . .2'7 - 2'l <:'S'' . - . 1" , '''l'' ' ' . ' '-'-
' ' -, , . .4' "- - . .
~,,:„13 ,
~,,,----A:, ‘-' , ,
__, --- , nit ,11.1 yi_4" '^•• ",./iti
1.

~/~

( PRICE 71).)

the Chancellor of the Exchequer would be prepared to
,zive some relief in that resoect.
Mr. W. WHITMORE was of opinion that the
utmost freedom should be given to the commerce
of this country from all restrictions and monopolies.
He sincerely trusted that his Majesty's Government would
seriously direct their attention to this subject, as 11,- was
fully convinced by that means ;done could the difficulti s
under which the commercial and shipping interests of the
country laboured, be removed.
Mr. EWART presented a petition from Glaseow to the
same effect. Also a petition from the hankers, merchants, and
householders of Liverpool, complaining of corporation abuses,
corporate preferences, and of the want of adequate inquiry
and control. The Hon. Member also presented a petition
froin the Jews of Liverpool, praying for the removal of
their disabilites.

Lord SANDON expressed himself favourable to the
removal of these disabilities. _

Mr. GRANT also presented several petitions from the
inhabitants of Liverpool ; also a petition from the inha
hitants of Liverpool. praying for a relaxation of the severity
of the criminal laws; a'so a petition from the Commissioners
of police, praying for the introduction of poor laws into
Ireland.

Mr. HALCOMBE, the Member for Dover, took the
oathfi and his seat, and the Spe%ker then lef' t'e

S. DAY Al lAN / 1).C..t,i A.

New 5 per Cent.
India Stnek
Ditto Bonds 32 33 pm.
South Sea stock
!Old Annuities —

New Ditto
3 per Cent. Ann. 1751
Ex. Bills, £l,oon 47 48 pm,
47 48 pm.
Ditto Small
Ditto Commercial. ...... pm.
Ditto Advertised — pm.
Bank for Account
India for Account
Cons. for April 8

THIS DAY AT ONE O'CLOCK
Peruvian Bonds
Portuguese Bonds
Ditto Account 5014
Regency Scrip ft% dis.
Ditto Account 6% dia.
Prussian Bonds
_ _

Ditto Bonds, 1822 lo'2i
Russian Bonds, 1822 10314
1 Ditto Account loam;
New Loan 474 i
Spanish Bonds, 1821 19%%
Ditto'Account 19 % N
._.

Ditto Bonds, 1+21.,....17%-. I 8
Ditto Account 17Va
French Rentes, sp. c. —f —c.
,' ---- Exchange —f —c.
1 --:1 per cent —f —c.
, --- Exchange —1 —c.
Dutch, 2* p. c 47% X,
Ditto Account 47% !4
Ditto, 5 p c ,494,,,
Ditto Account 99%
. French Scrip 4 ..; p, .

PRICES OF SHARES THIS DAT AT ONX O'CLOCK.
Paid. Per Share.
Anglo Mex. Min. Co. ass. at 51. pm.) £lOO 146-15
Bolanos Mining Company £lso 1476
Brazilian Imp. Min. Co. Os. at 51. pm.) £2O 64
Ditto National 1754 2231
Ditto St. John Del Rey
Ditto Cocaes . 5 15s.
British Iron Alining Company. £so 2054
Columbian Mining Co. (iss. at 51. pm.) 4954 96
English Mining Company 1214
-27
General Mining Association l2
Mexican Afb,ing Co £4o
Heal dcl Monte Mining C 0....,
Tlalpuxahua Mining Co 330
Unwed Mex. Min. Co. (iss. at 21. rim.) 40
Ditto New Sciip 5
Alliance Fire Insurance Comp lO
Protector Insiirance Comp.
Australian Co.
Canada Company
General Steam Navigation Co
Provincial Bank of Ireland 25

.NGE YESTEKDAT•

12N
15%
10
Z 1 7 0
10i
11A

Leghorn 46N
Genoa 26 15
Venice 46%
Malta
Naples . 19%
Palermo per oz. NO
Lisbon
Oporto 4B
Rio .laneiro
Bahia 32
Buenos Ayres
Dublin, 21 days' sight l%
Cork l%

BULLION, PER OZ.
X. s. d.
Portugal Gold, coin 0 0 0
Foreign Gold, in bars 3 17 9
New Doubloons 3 15
ew Dollars
Silver bars, standard 0 4 10!

t uni rt r

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MARCH 20, 1833.

We have often had occasion to speak in terms of
praise of the Government plan of education for Ire-
land, and if any thing could induce us to think more
favourably of it than ever, it would be the opposition
of Earls RODEN, WICKLOW, and such " small deer."
These men never, by any happy accident, take a
bold, liberal, or comprehensive view of a question.
They look at it in bits—they criticise it in fractions,
or parts of fractions. They split straws, and think
they are statesmen. They cavil on the ninth part
of a hair, and fancy themselves miracles of ratio-
cination.

The Bishop of BRISTOL is a glaring instance of
this petty, teazing, captious mode of dealing with a
great question. He objected to the Government
plan, not because it was a visionary scheme, worthy
only to emanate from UTOI'IA or EL DORADO; not
because it was incompetent to produce the effects
proposed by it—namely, to diffuse sounder habits
of thought and feeling throughout Ireland, by the
introduction of a beneficent and enlightened system of
education, which should " bruise the heel" of party
spirit, and raise the sister country in the scale of civili-
zation ;—the good Bishop had no such objections as
these to offer; they were beneath (or peradventure
above) the consideration of a divine of his heaven-
ward turn of mind; but he objected to the plan
toto, because, in the version of the Scriptures pro-
posed to be introduced among Catholics and Pro-
testants equally, the word Shiloh had been changed
for some other phrase! And so the cause of nationta
education is to be made subservient to a dyssyl.
lable I Ireland is to be sacrificed, that" Shiloh"
may be preserved ! If there be "no Song," there
is to be" no Supper I" Verily this is the objection
of objections—the quibble of quibbles. We defy
even fatuity itself to go beyond it.
The Bishop of EXETER'S opposition, in point of
principle, was pretty nearly as ridiculous. Its only
superiority lay in the tact with which it was brought
forward—in the art with which its absurdities were
thrown into the back ground, and its showy
sophisms thrust prominently forward.

His Lordship is a perfect master of all the leger-
demain of logic. He is so admirably " cunning of
fence," that he will spit you,before you have the least
idea of the peculiar delicacy of your position. But
he is a mere cold, glittering rhetorician—one of
those born sophists, who will take up the principle
this day, that they have thrown aside the day be-
fore;—who will prove that black is white, or white
is black, just as the whim of the moment inclines,
and with whom all consistency is a mere farce.
From the circumstance of his Lordship oppo-
sing the Education Bill so furiously last night,
we think it mere than probable that he will be found
among its warmest advocate! the next time it it,
brought forward. Had he advocated it now,
we should have anticipated his future oppo-
sition;—but we remember his nimble x•voitt-

i.t
72
