then summing up on a great question that con-
4erns the empire,,to a body of legislators, in the
flame style of eloquence- and comprehensiveness
of idea, as if he were addressing a dozen of
Clerkenwell mechanics on a drunken affray from
Saffron-Hill. That this is not the way in which
the question is, to be considered is very evident,
and so the 'House thought. The detail of
Mr. Denman's grievances, it was observed, should
have been made elsewhere, even if they were
true. Mr. William Horton, in a very excellent
speech, however, proved that they were not true.
Really this is too bad. It was admitted on all
hands, last night, even by Mr. Denman, that the
immediate abolition of slavery is impossible : it
is conceded freely by the friends of the colonies,
that there is no abstract defence for slavery at
all, Both parties then might, come to an agree-
ment on the question. The soi-disant friend
f the slave might fairly insist that no cruelty
Or violation of law should be practised towards
him—the friends of the planter (that is, in
dnety-nine cases out of a hundred, the real friend
iokf the slave) might insist, that as long as slavery
exists, the slave must be compelled to perform the
duties of the society in which he is placed, by
I kneans altogether different from those applicable
,0 men differently situated. This would spare a
great deal of unnecessary declamation, and would
do an immensity of good to the population of the
islands, whether slave or free. such considera-
tions are thrown away on such men as Mr. Den-

ban; but they are, if we mistake not,*tnakinff
decided way among classes where opinions such
as his have no authority,

[MORNING HERALD.]
Those who are familiar with the Book of
Numbers declare that had not Ministers yielded
in some shape or other to the importunities of the
mercantile body, they would have found them-
selves in a minority of from 50 to 70 upon Mr.
'Wilson's motion; and as discretion is, even in
such high quarters as these; the better part of
valour, the public has witnessed a 'denouement
of the affair quite the reverse of that which
was avowed and intended. Whether the relief
be afforded by Ministers in the shape of Exche-
quer Bills, or by the Bank under their guarantee,
amounts, we think, to the same thing : and if
Ministers imagine that they have saved their own
credit for consistency, by permittiqg the loans
to be made in one way instead of another, they
must imagine the 'public at large to be much
more short-sighted and superficial than they
really are. One curious circumstance has come
out upon the occasion, which is not less sur-
prising than amusiog ; it is the discovery for the
first time that the Bank Charter gave, the Di-
rectors power to make advances upon goods.
Lord Liverpool declares that he only found it
out a few days; and Mr. Baring, the most en-
lightened and eminent of the mercantile body,
says, that though he was a Bunk Director him-
self many years, and had as such read the
Charter over and over again, yet that the dis-
covery was equally new to him. Now when
unlettered met, are told that numerous and in-
tricate as the statute laws are, yet they are bound
and supposed- to know their contents, and that
ignorance of their provisions is no excuse foroffend-
ing against them, it does seem somewhat strange
that grave and eminent financiers should, as in
this instance, know so little of the very alphabet
of their profession, That it is at any rate a new
and uitcontemplated procedure, and one which
has been, as it were, for Ced upon the Bank, ad-
mils of tittle doubt. For if the Bank possessed
the power, and had been inclined to exercise it,
the machine might easily have been set in motion
without the ieterference or the, impulses of the
Government.
