portunity of supporting them. If he had ever been-deterred IVorn
giving up' time to them, ,it was from ill-health—which-he
might regret, but could not prevent.—(Great applause.)—Though
it might appear like vanity in him, he would say that, though
others might have shown greater ability, no Member of Parlia-
ment had served his constituents with more zeal and fidelity than'
he had. done. His sentiments on the subject of Parliamentary
Reform remained unchanged. In this pert of the country, at least,
he was happy that no cry of intolerance had been raised,' that
nothing -had been done to keep the Catholics, millions of our
fellow-subjects,. in a state Of slavery and degradation. If they re-
turned blur to Parliament they must be Content to knete, that the
county spoke through him. linconicions of having failed in the
discharge-ot his ,duty, he had no-other expectation than that they
would again confer on him the office of representing their interests
and privileges. lie called on them to look at his past conduct,,
and if they -thought hint worthy of their confidence, he would
aceeptit, and he would devote himself to the fulfilrhent of the
duties imposed on him.—(Applause.) •
General AYLMER, in a neat speech, proposed the Hon. NV: J.
F. V. Powlett as a fit and proper person to represent this county.
ANTHONY Suarzes, Esq. of Hamsterley, seconded the nomi-
nation.

The mat. W. J. F. V. Powurr then rose. He was, he as-
sured them, happy, and rejoiced that the period 'had returned
when he should give them COWS account of his past conduct, as
their Representative. He hardly, indeed, expected that he had
done full justice to the duties entrusted to him, but no exertion
had been wanting on his part. Ile had done all he could for the
local interests and privileges of hie constituent*, and the country
at large. He appealed to them to return him again as their Re-
presentative, if he had done nothing to forfeit their confidence ;
tin• to merit their approbation team the highest reward to which
he aspired. He was sincerely anxious to discharge his duty to
the hest of his ability. His colleague had alluded to the High
Sheriff quitting his office ;----he also deeply regretted it, fur he was
sure no man had a higher respect for him than he had. The
Hon. Gentleman then sat down amidst considerable applause.
The thou SHERIIt now (lined for a shalt, of hands in faronr
of J. G. Lambton, Esq, and the lion. W. J, F. V. Powlett, and
then said—" Is there:* other candidate to represent you in Parlia-
ment to be proposed ?—1 believe not;" then after a pause, "
therefore declare, that John George Lambton, Esq. and the Hon.
W. J. F. V. Powlett, are now duly elected, to represent this
county in Parliament."
J. G. LA AIBTOX, Esq. then returned thanks. It had pleased
Providence to restore him his health, and lie thought he could
not better show his sense of gratitude to his Maker, than by de-
voting himself, heart and soul, to the service of his country.—
Though he concurred with his colleague in saying be could not
give them solid marks of attachment from the Treasury, ha had
at all times exerted himself to prevent the Ministry from invading
their rights, and should continue to witch over them.
The Hon. W. J. F. V. Powtxrs: also returned thinks for the
honour just conferred on him. •
J. G. Lastirretr, Esq, then said he was anxious to make some
observations before the freeholders separated. , He thought they
would agree with him that they would have been guilty of great
remissness if they had not tendered a vote of thanks. to the High
Sheriff. , The Honourable Gentleman concluded by proposing
a vote of thanks, and a reeolutiou to the effect he. had just re-
commended. ,

Mr. PowLITT gave it his moat hearty concurrence. The High
Sheriff had at.alltimcs.discharged the duties of his office with the
greatest impartiality and constant attention to the wishes of the
county.

The UWU Strituirr.—" The very flattering way in which the
vote of thanks has been proposed, by the. two Hon. Members,- and
the way in which you have received it, show that I have faith-
fully discharged my duties as Sheriff of the County of Durham.
Wherever I may retire to, I shall have one wish--Prosperity to
all in the county of Durham.",---(Great applause.)
The return as signed as usual by the High. Sheriff end several
teutlemen present, after which the Meeting dispersed.

NORTHUMBERLAND.

The following is a correct report of the very excellent speech
delivered by the Rev. C. Bta n at the Cminty Meeting at Morpeth,
on the 19th Met. :—" Brother Freeholders, I hold in my hand a
newspaper which contains the advertisement of that requisition
which has been the oiTasion'of onensiembling here to-day.—
Why, Gentlemen, the lengnage In which this requieition is con-
veyed, is as nonSensited as the 'impose of it is ridiculous. I will
undertake to say, that whoever drew'up this requisition is unable
to write the English language, mid,' if not that, certainly not any
other. •> But,sgentlemen, 1 will endinisionr to explain to you tbo
historrof,tbis as the hest inodir of comprehending its
real purpose. The tirsvmeto.ure taken 'Bitibe late Member for
Durham, after-Ortiiislak the Tine, to drive to Lord Howitit'a
committee, 'and forth issued this requisition. What, then, has
Mr. Lainbton the vanity to think that the candidates shall set
down for, nothing all the fatigue, 'anxiety,' and expence they have
iiicurred; and begin afreah ?.....(Nd, front the crowd.)--And shall
this stranger from the county of Durham tell the men of North-
umberland, that they hive been reckoning without their hest ?
(No, no, from every quarter, —ls it not enough that be rides high
end aloft ()Ter the heidsiff the hieholders of the adjoining county, but
must be also Come here to stifle the independence of the men of
umberland ?--(Great sheering.)--As to my Lord H., I wish to speak
of him with the greatest candour and tenderness. LaM inclined
to believe that he is a young nobleman of the molt excellent and
amiable disposition. But sorry inn I to observe that be should
allow himself to be persuaded to rest his claims to tire favour of
the freeholders upon a detraction from the private character of a
competitor, rather than upon the excellency of his own public
principles. They who rely upon such negative recommendations, .
are greatly and justly suspected of having no real ones of their
own on which to depend..:---(No !)-...The character, how-
ever, which has been extolled, and laid as the foundation of my
Lord flcnviek'm claims is that of my Lord GieY. No man here
entertains'a higher admiration of that Noble Lord's sPfendid talents
:and political principles than I do. But I must be allowed to say,
that I do not consider t/tot a fit basis on which to recoMmend
Lord Howick to your choice.-:-(Certainly not, from the croWd.)
I have now done with My rord Howick and Mr. Lambton, and
with regard to the other eandidetes I have but a few words id say.
Their political prinsiplei are very different frost mine ; hut as'
honoureble men, I have no doubt but their opinions are sincere,
and will he honestly carried: into practice. If they should he
turned its members, they will, I doubt not, represent the sentiments
of a large and respectable proportion of the freeholders of this county.
We Oil, therefore, have no ,reasou to eomplain—at least they have
had recourse to no unworthy Mir in order to Secure their election,
And their triumph, if aCeompliahed, will be unstained by disho-
Moir. But this does 'not .prevent me from entertaining ii,dicided
prefeyence for my friend near inn. His feelings, his inferrer.,
M4411,4;00, aro all identified with yours. I entreat you, there-
fore, gentlemen,' as you regard your own privileges, sod- as
you would wish to do justice to the private as well as public
character of Mr.: Beaumont, that you will support him reith your
votesa;nilstrvices at the day of election. I have but to thank
p.m for the patience with Which you have heard me, and wil-
lingly maim way for °there who are naturally impatient toelaim
your attention." The victor achieved over the Whig party at
Morpeth, on Tuesday, is the general theme of conversation in
the County. Mr.. Beaumont elands higher than ever. In hi•
address of thanks to the fieeholdera, he says—" Let us show
moderation in victory, As we have displayed patience during the
contest." Nothing caw hellion. iwitichundy counselled ; though
at the same time it will be well Air the freeholders to bear in
mind the pertinent observations, which the worthy, Gentleman
addressed to them on entering his eiornmittee-room at, Mmpeth,
after the meeting on. Tuesday afternoOn ;—" But, while it is in
highly gratifying, while our progress is so triumphant, let us not
be ton confident in our security. If our election is gained by a
majority of 100 votes, retriernbar that it wotild be still more glo-
rious if the majority were 200 ; ant/11100, still more illustrious
if it wsre,oo. . This is not merely la thethen gaining of my elee-
tion, but for the. sake of, showing what the independent frini
holders of Northumberland can accomplish." Mr. Beaumont's
enemies are probably now repenting of their ronduct, when
they see how much the public feeling is
opposed to them, when they
eee, la'far4t that The very steps they took to demis his cause, are
preeiseirthose which are now so decidedly elevating it.

The Hon .Mr. Linner.L, who his, all along, meintained'great
popularity, was receive) at North Shields, yesterday (Wednesday)
in the inset enthtesisetie manner. in fro"t of his Committee.
roost tkic Hon, tientlemarcherangtied an immense rmiltitude from
his marriage, in nearly the following wol ---
Gentleinett.--After the reception which I have this day received
from the inhabitants of this great commercial two, I feel I have
little to feat from the issue of pi ocetding to poll. Yon have hiard
much of the public voice having its doe weight in the: purity of
election, and the deekeetion of the public voice of yesterday wilt
have its due weight in tine election ; and not only will that meet-
ing have its weight, but the exertions of those unhought and Un-
paid frietnls in thati,6iii, (waving its hood tou,er,f thi" cominis••
tee rod?) t) snit in the-severe! parts throng hoii t the volintY,. Winne
,indeperuienee
wait
milly In be equalled by their 'liberality, and
by whose conftdance I wili, agein brmtglit forward. Ifeel proud
in thentiportunity thus 'pnbliely to offer fo Wein iriy"atinowledg-
ments mit-Only in. the' hee of the rMinty hut to ail I,.ligland.
The interest/ of the enuotk of Northumberland shall aler4)'* lie
next my heart,. and the feelings of gratitude shall exist in me as
long as I Stare life. Hume now to proceed to meet my fries&
