MERCANTILE SHIPPING, Scd.

DEAL, SEPT. W,-Arrived and Sailcd for the
River the Samuel, Smith, from Newfoundland ; Melantho,
Parry, from Trinidad ; Mary Ann, Ferrier, from Jamaica ;
Cambria, Jenkins, from :"irginitt ; • Victory, Btaithwait, from
Quebec ; Letitia Tennant, Montgomery, froni Belfast ; Bri;
tannia, Sleap, from Grenada ; and Barzi7k, Smith, from St.
John's, N. B. Put hack the Pitt, Richardson, for SL John's;
and remains with the rest of the outward-bound.
PORTSMOUTH, SEPT. 18--'A ind W.—Arrived the Caro-
line transport from Heligoland ; Fame, Armstrong, from the -
Downs for the South Seas; and fiesta, Grathern, from ditto
for Oporto. Sailed the P'riace Regent yacht for Chatham.'
Hu/.L, SEPT. 17.—Arrived the Harmony, Sawyer, from
Greenland,. with 3 fish, 140 butts.

PLI: MO U 11, SEPT. 17.—Wind S.V7—Arrived his Ma-
iestes ship Tartar. froni Portsmouth ; and the 'Westmoreland,
-Dicirinson, from Amsterdam. pase4 ht tie Rowcliffc, Du-
bois, t 2 days from Honduras for Loedrou. Sailed the Jane,
Sandecombe, for .Malta. The Ceres, Mourant, of and, for
Jersey, was wrecked on the Triangles, co:ning out of Honduras ;
crew saved., . The Master tame passenger in the Rowcliffe.
NORTH SHIELDS, SE PT . 17.--Arrived the Grenville Bay,
14P•Williarn, from Davis Straits, with 3 tisii. The Ellison, of
Hull, passed Tyriemouth fi:ar, with V.!. fish.
FALMOUTH, SEPT. 17.- —Wind W.N.W.---Arrived the
Ocean transport, from Plymouth for Cork. . . .
Szp-r• lb.---Arrived the Prince of Orange
packet, from Holland; and Jane, ditto, frorn Gottenburgh,
each with a mail.

13/Uo4ll'o N, SFFT. 16.—At the Pavilion every
thing remains hi surtu qqo, hut a strong hope,
notwithstanding, is cheri3i•,e4, that his MAJESTY,
intencis heiug the Fe itt the, c*.4143:.r1f tho preseni.

During the absenf.7e from Jamaka of his-Grace
the Duke of MANCHESTER, the administration of
the Government devolves on Major-General
COURAN, Lieutenant-Governor of the Island,
who opened his commission as such, in due form,
upon his return thither frOm England in 1819.
, On Friday next, being St. Matthew's Day,
according to annual custom, the Conn Ithyon,
Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Governors of the several
Royal Hospitals, will attend divine service at
Christ elturch. After a sermon by the Rev. R.
LYNAM, A. M., they will repair to the Great
Hall, in Christ's Hospital, where. two orations
will be delivered ; in Latin, by JosucA WEE.cn ;
in English, by JOSEPH -YATES COOKSON, the two
Senior Scholars or the Grammar School.
Orders have been transmitted to New South'
Wales,.where the 48th regiment is stationed, to re-
duce that corps, at present 1000 strong, to the
establishment of the rest of the Infantry. 1t ,

was owing to a special application from the hue
Governor, in 1818, that it was increased to that
strength. It is now preferred to place the 48th
on the same footing with the other infantry bat-
talions, and to forward an additional regiment
to the station. The 3d (or Buffs) have received
orders of readiness for New South Wales, and
are on their way to Chatham, whence according
as convict ships go out, they will be sent in de-
tachments on hoard. those vessels.

On Monday, according to their respective
charters, Sir EvwAß►) HITCHINGs, Knight, was
a second..time elected Mayor of Oxford, and
Dr. Mayon, for the sixtl► time, Mayor of Wood-.
stock, for the ensuing year.
WILLIAM WYLIORN BRADLEY, Esq. has been
elected Master of the Ceremonies at garnsgate,
in the room of the late Captain-Gtoutin.
JOHN ITERDERT HARRINGTON, Esq. of the Ben-
gal ,Civil Service, has been appointed by the
Court of Directors of the East India Company,
to a provisional seat in the Supreme Council at
Fort William, Bengal.
-Eton College vacation terminated last week,
when the King's scholars returned to their studies.
WALSH, only daut;l►ter of Sir JoHN
WAr.sm, Baronet, of Warfield, in Berkshire, gaVe
her hand a few days ago •to Captain GEORGE
DIGBy, of the Royal Navy.
There is now a considerable degree of brisk-
ness in the iron trade of Staffordshire ; the fur-
naces are in operatiou, and most of the hand
fully employed.
.-7.

The two figures of Raving and Melancholy
Madness, sculptured by the celebrated Mr.
CIBBER, in the reian of King CHARLES the Se-
cond, and for which the French King Locis the
Twelfth offered 12,000 louis d'ors, have been
removed from Newman-street, Oxford-road, to
the Lunatic Asylum, in St. George's-fields. They
have undergone a complete :repair by the hand
of the ingenious Mr. BAcoN, and are conspicu-
ously- placed Ili the great Mill of that superb
building ; appropriate adornments '.are placed
round them, and elegant curtains to defend them
from the weather and from accident, and these
screens are only to be withdrawn on the day Li et
apart for the meeting of the Governors, or on any
other public occasions.

'FRE ELF:Trot)Foo.---This glorious national fes-
tival commenced on We(lnesday last, at Car-
naivon,
,with a splendour unparalleled in the an-
nals of the Principality. To state particulars of
the procek!dings in this. week's Paper is out of
our power, occ.urrin.c4 so immediately on the eve
of our Publication. The. County Hail •.s. crowd-
pd 'to excess ; and on th 6 second day of the tnePt-

ing,• so . great was the pressure to obtain admit-
tance, that an adjournment to the Court of the
Castle, move=d to, the ,Noble Prehitlent,' was
carried by acc4mation. Among the numerous
company we were highly, gratified -in seeing the
'following Nobleuten and Gentlemen, together
with a considerable portion of the female branches
of their families :—The Most Noble the Mar-
quis of Anglesea (who presided), the Earl -of
Uxbridge, the Ri9-,ht.ltev. the Bishop of Bangor',
the Right Hon. 'Lord Newborough, &c. The
recent arrhal of: this latter young Npialernan,
after an 'absence of many years, in a county
Where he possesses such large property and in-
fluence, has naturally excited consideraLle inte-
reo. At the public dinner on Thursdpy, Col.
Parry, w hose t:!...--quence is , only exceeded by
the energy with which he delivers his sentiments,
alluded to this circumstance on proposing his
Lordship's health, in very forcible and animated
language.. The concerts and ball were ad.:ni-
mbly attended, .and.every thing seemed to com-
bine to render the meeting agreeable in
treme. The revival -of the ancient Music and
Poetry of tiAie part of Great Britain is in itself so
interesting au object, that we ,cease to wonder
at the extraordinary sensation which, pn the
proselit occasion, it has created. (Ccuntg.
Paper.)

P O E tit

LINES TO A LADY,

With Copies of sorne Poems which she had requcttetl of the
Author.
The widest flowers,
'Mid briais that stray

packing no bowers
of smiling May ;
That boast no scents
. No charms disclose%

Nor violet-sweets,
Nor blush of rose
Still (prized with earl
We dcig,n to wear,
E'en praise the worthless band,
In wreaths when wove
By those we love—
Cull'd by Affection's hand.

J. D

LINES WRITTEN BY LORD BYRON,
On the DEATH of his DOG, at NEWSTEAD AE2EY

Near this spot
are deposited the remains of one
who posaeseed. beauty without vanity,
strength without issoleuce,
courage without ferocity,
• and all the virtues, of man without his vices.
This praise, which would be unmeaning flattery if
' over human ashes, is buts just tribute to the moniory ei
BOATS' i.-VA I A DOG,
who was horn in Newfoundland, May Itgl3,
seal died at Ne.wateial,
When some proud son olnian returns to earth,
Unknown to glory, but upheld ,by birth,
sculptors's art exhausts the pomp of woe,
- And storied urns record who rests below:
Virile:: all is done, upon the tomb is seen
Not -what he Was,-hut what be should belie been.
Eut the poor dog, in life the firmest friend,
The that to welcome, foremost to defend ;
-Whose honest heart is still his master's own,
Who latiourst tights, lives, breathes, for bin: alone,
Unhanour'd fella, .unrtotic'd all his worth, -
Denied in Heaven the soul he held on earth.
While man, vain bsect! hopes to be forgiven,
And claims himself a sole exclusive ikaven I
thou feeble tenant of an.hour,
Dehaslcl by slavery, or- corrupt by power,
Who' knows thee well must quit thee with disgust,
. Degraded mass of animated dust !
Thy love is lust, thy friendship all a cheat,
Thy tongue hypocrisy, thy heart deceit,
Thy natse vile, ennobled but by name,
Each kindred brute might bid.tloec-bltiSh for shame.
lc who behold, perchance, this simple-urn,
:.',ass on, it honours none you wish to mourn
To mark a friend's ierlaiiis these stones arise,
I never knew but one—end here he lies.
