respecting the disuse of the whip in the field.' The
power of summary punishment by flogging, the
Assembly considers to be inseparable from a state of

slavery.
" 3. The recording of punishment by whipping,
limited to a given number of stripes, they think un-
advisable ; because, in the hands of a relentless
executioner, a small number of stripes might be so
inflicted as to amount to cruelty ; and the ends of
humanity are best consulted by leaving it to the jus-
tices to decide whethera punishment, whatever be its

mode or quantity, be cruel§
" 4. ' Compulsory manumission is such a direct
invasion of the right of property,' that the Assembly
felt they could not, without violating the sacred
trust reposed in them, contemplate a measure abso-
lutely destructive of that right, by investing slaves
with the power, at their own will, and against the
will of their owners, of purchasing their freedom. II

" 5. The Assembly, though they have not esta-
blished Savings' Banks, yet have, ' in the spirit of
true sincerity, provided for slaves the full security
and enjoyment of their property.l
" 6. They excuse their not taking any new mea-
sures to prevent the separation of families by judi-
cial sale, by alleging that a law to that effect was
passed in 1688. The law, however, has been ab-
solutely a dead letter,---witness, among many facts
of recent occurrence, the transaction inserted in the
margin, and taken from the Parliamentary papers of

182 G, No. 353."
" 7, They also claim credit. for the miserable and
inefficient substitution of their acting protector,'
for the system of protection proposed by Lord
Bathurst.
"8. And they boast-of their provisions respecting
the testimony of slaves (see above) as going beyond
those of his Lordship.
" The Speaker of the Assembly concludes his la-
bours with lauding the honest and conscientious
feeling' of its members, which had led them to go
the utmost lengths that prudence would. allow, in
giving effect to the wishes of his Majesty's Minis-
ters, to whom they now look with confidence, that
the time thy), so anxiously passed in maturing the
measure, will, through their advice, receive the high
reward which his Majesty's most gracious confirma-
tion of the bill would confer.' P. 27'k

" And yet the very next proceeding of this As-
sembly is to reject a bill sent to them from the
Council for abolishing the whip in the field, and the
flogging of females ; and for conferring on slaves a
right of property."—lbid.

At the late meeting of the Maltsters with the
First Lord of the Treasury, his Lordship is re-
presented to have asked, with great apparent jus-
tice, why they did not make their objections
while the Bill was in its progress through the
House ; to which the trade is stated to have re-

the poor is the greatest ; except, after they hail
educated them, 'they could give them employ-
ment suitable to the new expectations they are
sure to have in consequence of their:education.
While this is going on, the King is compelled to
call to his assistance, towards the building of his
Palace, and the digging of his ponds and gar-
dens, the uneducated Roman Catholics, the
_ _

English people being so raised beyond ladder
and digging-work, in consequence, we believe, of
education, that sooner than scramble up and down
ladders as the Irishmen do, they would rather go
to the poor-house ; or, as the poor in Sussex
say, " Go home."--/bid.

MEETINGS OF CREDITORS.

COUNTRY DIARY.—.WEDNERDAY, OcT. 24.

Abbot, -i.:Leaxnington Priors—Royal hotel, Leamington

Priors
Anthony, C. and J. Devonport—Royal hotel, Devonport l2
Burge, J. and IL, St. Philip and Jacob—Rummer tavern, 1

. _
131:isiol
Gee, J., Nottingham—Punch-bowl, Nottingham
Harper, T., Ystractgunlais—Public rooms, Swansea ll
Levett, J., Rowley Regis—Royal hotel, Birmingham l2
Rogers, S., Bristol—White Lion, Bristol 2

INSOLVENTS APPLYINI
COUNTRY.----At the Courl

G TO BE DISCHARGED,
t.houso, at Derby, October 27,

at Ten

-. ...... o'clock.
Briggs, J., Derby Malkin, J., Sutton
Clark, R., Derby Staley, W., Elton
Hallam, J., Froggatt.cdge Whitaker, T., Aahbourne
Keeling, S., Derby Wyld, G., Heanor

COUNTRY CORN MARKETS

DURING LAST WEEK.

Oats,

II ea s

• .It is supposed that, exclusiVe a 1 the Re.
Forests, there are in Great Britain and Ireland, pro"'
more.than eighty millions of acres, of which, pethe
part is yet brought to the highest state of Cultivatioe,
4te,
that certainly not less than twenty millions are still
If, therefore, a comparatively very small part of the ladoe
the kingdom is thought essential to be appropriated t°
purpose of securing the continuance of- our 'naval streiTie
and pride, it would surely be a very short-sighted ro,
which should suggest to this maritime country the esAoct•
:el-icy of trusting to a 'commerce for the supply of Or " the
yards with timber ; when, without any real risk °es'
subsistence of the country, and by a sacrifice cerajtl
lively small, we can avoid for ever putting to hisal"111
supply of an article, on which, confessedly, our atrell;9
our glory, our independence, .even our existence*
nation, must now and at all times depend.—Loriivae
villa's Letter to Mr. Percival, on the subject. of
Timber, published in July, 1810.
The Countess of Morton has presented to tf
op°
Royal Society a variety of models, formerly• the Pr is'
of Smeaton the engineer, together with several iffotbc;
and plans of the celebrated Eddystone. Among "'i lee
curiosities accompanying this donation, is the alss- 1;ti!,
which was taken from the stomach of the poor 10%00
swallowed it in a fluid state, during the conflagraload
the wooden structure which preceded Smaaton'e fa'•
light-house. This man lived for some time, but ,11 tte
consequence of the accident in Exeter Infirmary, whelid,
production. of the lead convinced his medical Wti ee
.too
that his story was correct, of which they were ll
sceptical.— Caledonian Mercury.
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE d
rEary.—.Died, on Thursday fortnighe,'Plr: Needham'
Rothley, at the age of 72. He was
'Monday, was insensible by Tuesday scorning, and Le
taken ill sudden:l)o4
his existence on the following
possessed of money in his lifetime is certain, for wile., le
Thursday That h
nor
commotion tcok place among the banks, he exposedi,:or
the purpose of discovering whether the notes were 0
i
tial, and since that time he has been gradually silt
them into gold. Prior to his death he made a will,,VoJ
porting that his cows and other stock were to be seeose
the proceeds added to his money; and that Mrs. PI 11
was to have the interest of the same till laer.deathi,lt
time it was to be. divided among his five children' ,00
Needham had given his children to understand there ‘,l
he about 100/. each for them; but lo! when hie dr,
and cupboards were opened, in the presence of resift"
persons belonging to the village, nothing was folio
oleffiircaially connected with the bLI:41:
few halfpence !—Nottinihcon Review,
The resurrection-men, who last winter oip
p the)eea or church-yards, haa-ityehra
itrsd;te
0,
awiai
town;
N;asotht
ite
the
posed, that if they are too well watched, to be able t°•eopri
will
their purposes in the town, they will turn their attee'',loole
polledahg
ue grounds,
saydodonesti graves
well
to
on
the country villages, these also should be strictly of
lf
after; and we have authority to 'state, that thetc°
Magistrates will lend any assistance in their power' of
purpose of detecting the violators of the sanctuary
grave.—Nottingham Review. f
THE MA nAs.--Relative to another

rwohffiillaenisi he
remained
rushedainela at
nintoastsh len
county of Tipperary, an extraordinary circumstane'apY
Mara family, one of whom has been murdered icti'
lated. Having been for safety obliged to take ups ot ,0
a few days ago near Borrisokane, his horse's t0,Et.:,,,,1.
ethhaerecibtle6lll;ritmht 3:seiltfh:oasein)dl4,
and implored that his life oligl'"
prevented only by the Priest th,
cut by an armed party of five villains in the chapel 2,
rvilgred. What al:,
be spared.
say, but it secv,
of credit'is due to this story wqVatrick Grace's"coil'
be understood that on the clay °
& bands who disgract;
it was determined by the bloc •
member of Alara's family 6LiPei
pICC ty
county, that not one ,
ck Petri s Day—Carlow Morn- `j
exist on the ensuing -••—•"--.
