•

N4i'J

A

prrpriety of coming to a prompt 'decision, and as.,
su- the H. use that there was no wish upon his
pa; to postpone the discussion ; no other delay
would take plan-, they might depend, than was
neresQry to bring the subject folly before them.
On the moihm of the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
cuv.o.utca, the Estimates of the Army and Navy
Wert. refined to 1,,e of Supply.
~.....Ilkai4aestc.44.t.oit of the Exonactoutt. movedtbe
Order nt,therflo tar 'Ho House to .resolve itselfinto
a
"*-Lord FotKsToNs wi•hed to pot a question before
theSpeakeridti-Oe eti#ir, as to the'staie in winch
ceriain plogrentlbli t ten stood. He alluded to
the cave of De Young, who ~v;:s convicted some time
;Igo of mendinieein on' of the.country ?
The Ctishicapt.oa ot the Excnisauan said, that
lie could not give the Noble Lord any information
upon that subject ; but time were . some of his
tiol.leagilesw,ho were present would probably be able
to give him an answer.
1,; ,("he then resolved 401 into a Committee
44 0%44.

.COMMITTEE Of: SUPPLY.
"Me. Yenta rose to move the usual vote of sea-
men,, the same in number as that of the last year.
The,Sestrs of lest year greeted 145,000 seamen, in.
eluding 31,406 marines; and it appeared to hiM
that rts Ittstry would be required now, for though
our successes in the Indian sea might seem to make
ritat illlerforce necessary, the situation of the North
rind East of Europe must prevent, for the present,
any considerable reduction in that establishtnent.
It should also be recolletted, that a long time must
elapse before the return of the ships from India,
even if it were thought expedient to make any al-
teration in that respect. A change had taken place
last year in the manner of voting seamen. It was
then conceived right to pros ids for the viftualling
separately, Vestead of including it, as was formerly
the pretticei under the general head of wear and
tear, and he should bow propose the vote of supply
upon the same principle. The nap' number of
marines for the present year surpassed the estithate
in coesequenee of the voluOteers who went out on
the expedition to the Scheldt, but he should only
require a vote of 145,0001. for the sea service alto-
gether.
• Mr. Wurraavma said, he del not mean to op-
pose the .vote,, but could not help observing, that
Cite estimates of the last year were printed ; he was
serry• that was nor the case in the:present'. As to
the necessity (=leaded for by the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman of maintaining so great a number of seainen,
he was the more inclined to be dissatified with it, as,
so Much W stared in the course of last Session;
particularly hy one Right Hun. Gentleman, upon
'the propriety of look rug to the naval establishment
otie great source of publie'-'reireriehtnenL The
Right Hen. Ge.itlernan had mentioned' our great
tut:tom:6 in the indi4o seas, but turning his atten,
titer hem thewe to the North of Europe, he, had
represented the lorce of the enemy to be increasing
in thee Scheldt. On hearing this declaration, it was
itnpossible to ovoid regretting the ill success which
itteeded' till our attempts. It had been stated in
evidence last year that the Basin of Flushitig was
dfstroyed, sod, now it was to he apprehended that
the enemy was collecting his force there. He should
make tie other remark upon those points for the
present, but resents himself 'for future opportte
Mr. Yoeste Said, that the vole of this day re-
ferred metety to the wear and tear, and that the
other pelts would be brought forward as soon as
pOSNibln. As to looking for tiny great or material
retrenchment in the number of seamen, he was not
pee et shoe who reckoned on it with much assure•
mice in the present situation of Europe and ot the
war ; and as to the operations in the Scheldt, he
still thought ther great advantage •Was derived front
them. The • destruction of the Basin of Flushing
enabled us to relieve our fleet from watching con-
tinually ; and the Basin of Aotwerp had 'received
great injury, which also contributed greatly to ob-
struti the enemy's designs.
Mr. WAILTEKEAD wished to know, as the Right
Hon. Gentleman said, that the Basin of Flushing
was in the same state now as when the army ktt it,
whether he intended to be understood as tut-ailing,
that it was not practicable 'to French ships? The.
-Bight Hon. Gentleman 'had observed that there
Was not now so' touch necessity for keeping the
navy urn the alert; surely, he thought,. that, was
tantamount to toiyitig,sshat a smallet nuthber of
ships would do. It was true' Commodore UA 01
had said, that the operations in the Scheldt would
not enable us tc dispense with else single ship, or
one single seaman; but this perhaps was not she
time for insisting upon those points, and therefore
he shoeld reserve Inane& for another. ,
Mr, Yona.a odd, in answer to the lion. Mem-
ber's question, that the Basin of Flushing was not
prie9ieable to ships of the line; he did not know
whether the smaller tesseis of the enmity might, or
might not, poke any use of it:,
Allier a few words from Mr. Ward,, the Motion.
was agreed to; and the following suits voted on
the motion of Mr. Yorke :-es
For wear and tear of the Navy . • • 43•345,750
tor 'Vitiustring . . . . . 4,000,00,,
ear Aurens.ro.e . . • . . . 6.0759
Lord PAIMERSTONE' moved for the sum of
,000,0u01. for his Majesty's Land 'Forces; and
e.trotettool. for the Militia' of Great Britain led
Irekind.
Mr. WHITBREAD wished to know whether it was
the intention of the Noble Lord to recommend any
alteration in the system of the Leeal Militia ?
Lord PALMEESTONS said it was-the, intention of
Government to diminish the number of days of at.
tendanee from three weeks to a fortnight, except in
irne ease of those who had not served last year.
WHITUUsan inquired whether any distinc-
tion was to be made between the trained and the un-
trained in the same corps ?
We understood his Lordship to have said 'that
there was.
Mr. WurillitEAD then called the attention of the
cosarnittee to the discipline of the Oa A doubt
Inc said, ciliated in the minds of some, whethei. on-.
Oer the Militia Bill they had power to try by Court
and that doebt produced had'effetts upon
tee 'stilieiplitie of chariest regiments 3 but tkeekoint

to which he wished pritepally to advert, was the
infliction of corporeal pkltlitlalent in those
He tlipitglitlinprisontritent a trucb more eligible
course; and fully as'condneive-to rinnote the disci-,
Mine of the coos.
'Lord PA LUKE STONE,Said, it WAS cc Mpeteril to the
Courts Martial at plesent to recommend impri,on-
tnent in tto.place of corporeal punishment.
rowed tle tisti4 annual Exche-
quer Bills, the fast of mOOO,OOOl. the second of
1,500,0001. a titird of 8,000,0001, for the Bills
outsta=nding and uttprowided for, and a fourth of
107 6901. to pay off
,the Mint:Linea.
.The House then resumed, and, the Report was
ordered to be received to-morrow.
The CH ANCELLoit of the Excuiariau moved,
That the Army Lists should be prince ,---Ordered.
Lord FOLKESTONE, beeing the Attorney-Geoe-
ral in his place, begged lea+ e to repeat the question
he had already put to Ministers. The Right Hon,
Gentleman no doubt recolletled a person of the
name of .De Young, who , was found guilty some
tirne'ago, He (Lord Folke,tone) wished to know
in what situation the proceedings stood in that

case ?
The ATTORNEY•G EN ER A L said, that they stood
over with other questions .of the same description
for argument.
Lord FOLKESTONE Wished to know when the ar-
gument would be brought on
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied, that that re-
mained with the Judges, not with him ; when
they wished it, the Counsel for. the Crown were pre-
pared to argue it. There was another case situated
in the same manner ; and if his Lordship had made
inquiry of the persona who into used td upon this,
be would probably find that they were perlettly well
acquainted with it.
The Scotch Cieditoa Bill 'was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be committed, to-mor-
row.
Leave was given to bring in a Bill for eieaing
Docks and Warehouses in ROtherhithe.---Adjourned
till to-morrow.

THE SUN.

1101.1.0.1 QUIS 1,41.11 UM AUDIAT?

LQN DON,

TEIVRSDAY, Eltli 1Y h, 1811.

•' Windsor Castle, Feb. 21, at°.

" HlB MAJESTY'S progress confirms our expec
.itions of his recovery.

g, H. R. REYNOLDS.
" H, HALrottp.
" W. HEIMittnIN.
" R. WILLIs."

It is stated in the Morning Papers, that as the
Convoy for Lisbon was getting under weigh at Ply-
niontly, it was stopped by a telegraphic message
from the Admiralty. Another account adds, that
it was ordered to proceed to Ireland. We can take
upon ourselves, upon the beet authority, to inert,

that there is, not the slightegt foundation for these
statements• The transports were unfortunately
detained in port for some time, not by a telegraphic
message, but by the elements we haVe, however,
every reason to hope that they are by this time
nearly across the Bay of Bisely.

We this morning received Dutch Papers to the
t 7th, from which we have made copious extratis,
which will be found in a subsequent column.

'We have extracted from the French Papers the
details of BUONAPARTE'S Decree for disposing of the
stock in trade of the Printers whom he has snp-
presled, and for regulating the indemnity they are
to receive. The excessive tyranny of IitIONAPARTR'S
Government long ago destroyed every appearance of
free discusaion in France, but still he was not satis-
fied ; he therefore determined to have recourse to a
Measure, which, if it be peracrered in for any
length -of time, must completely
:barbarize that
enslaved country. It is one 'of the most gigan-
tic plans that ever was formed against the im
provement and civillYzation of mankind. It was,"
it is true, the mistaken policy of some goVern-
meats, when Europe was emerging from bar-
barism, to endeavour to keep the people in ignor-
' ance, as the most effeetual way, to preserve their
own power; but BUONAPARTi'S plan is more dat-
ing and more wicked. It is not to keep the people
ignorant, but to make them so; it is not to'pre-
vent the acegiaition of knowledge, bat to destroy
that which has been acenired ; it is by one blow to
undo the beneficial labours of centuries, and to re-,
duce mankind to that !tune of Ignorance, slavery,
and wretchedness, in which they languished in what
is emphatically called the "daik ages." This atruci-
.ous attempt will not be confined to .France; where-
ever lIVONAPAItTIeg power extends, tt will be
di-
rcEted against the freedom of the press-.-against the
liberty and the happiness of mankind I and yet
there are men in this country, calling themselves
the AdvoCates of Freedon-i, who, if they do not
openly defend his concluet, at least endeavour to
palliate it, and from whose language dud conch)*
we are almost led to suppose that they would wish
to see this Empire added to the list of those which
have till= tinder 1110 yoke of the Tyrant of trance.
