MONEY AND CITY NEWS

CHRONICLE.—ConsoIs are firmer to-day (Monday,)
and a slight improvement has taken place in them, the closing
quotation for money being 934 to 94, and 94 to 4 for the
Account. Exchequer Bills, however, have receded to 67 to
69 premium.
Foreign Securities generally are higher, but business in
them continues limited. Spanish Active has advanced to
184 to 4 ; Portugese Five per Cents. left off at 344 to ditto, Three per Cents., 221 to 3-; Dutch Five per Cents.,; 1004 to 4ex div. ; ditto Two-and-a-half per Cents., 534 to
544; Brazilian, 80 to 4 ex. div. ; Danish, 75 to 4 ex. div. ;
Colombian, 244 to 25; and Mexican, 224 to 234.
Shares are rather heavy. Birmingham left off at SO to 82
prem. ; ditto (new,) 224 to 234 prem. ; Southampton, 454 to
464 per share; ditto (pew,) 204 to 214- prem.; Great Wes-
tern, 132 to 144 prem. ; North Midland, 14 to 24 prem. ;
Brighton, 24 to 14 dis. ; Blackwall, 14 to 14 dia. ; and
Greenwich, 34 to 3 dis.
The Times to-day has again entered the lists against the
Bank of the (Tnitcd States. On Saturday our Contemporary
made the declaration " that Mr. Biddle had made advances
on 200,000 bales of cotton for the Western and Southern
States, and had purchased 120,000 bales on his own account,"
although it has been so frequently explained both in the
Morning Chronicle and in the New York Journals, which
must come under the notice of the Times, that not one
farthing's-worth of cotton has been, or, by the charter of the
institution, could possibly be, purchased by the Bank of the
United States. The utter stupidity of the whole of the two
long articles of our Contemporary is perfectly well under-
stood by those who are practically conversant with the cotton
trade : but as others of his readers may be misled by these
repeated, however confused and scarcely intelligible, attacks
upon the credit of the Bank of the United States, we again
assert in contradiction that the Bank has lost nothing what-
ever by speculations in cotton ; that there have been no
such speculations at all ; that even if the price of cotton
were to fall twenty per cent, from its present value, still no
loss could be incurred upon the advances which have been
made; that the advances to be made, if any, on the forth-
coming crop will naturally be in proportion to its value when
the growth may have been ascertained; and that there is not
the smallest probability that any such losses would be incurred,
apart from the consideration that there are reasons for believ-
ing that the value of cotton will be higher, and not lower, in
the course of the ensuing year.

METROPOLITAN.
" Mind and style" is a critical essay, by a writer who
signs himself an Irish barrister, in which the advantage of
an eloquent style is more insisted on than it deserves.
Manner is no doubt necessary, but matter is a thousand
times more important. " Father-Love" is the continuation
of a story by Banim, the well-known author of the Tales of
the O'Hara Family. Some of the dialogues are written
with force and energy. " Shakspeare Fancies" are light,
entertaining reading, with no great pretensions however, to
novelty ; and " Winkle's Journal" is a very passable imita-
tion of Boz's manner in the Pickwick Papers. Richard
Howitt contributes a poem entitled " The Beautiful Dead,"
which we subjoin as it is very sweet and graceful in its
melody :

POST.—Money continues more in demand for commercial
purposes, with a shade of advance on the rate of discount.
We had advices to-day from St. John's, New Brunswick, to
the 26th of August. The pressure on the Money Market had
considerably increased from the date of the previous accounts ;
and discounts have advanced to the rate of 14 per cent. per
month. The private letters attribute the temporary pressure
to the resumption of specie payments in the United States,
the influence of which would soon pass away. There was
considerable anxiety kit respecting the movements in the
State of Maine, relative to the survey of the boundary line.
We had, however, later accounts of the proceedings in that
State on this question by the New York packet on Saturday,
and there is, consequently, no new fact communicated, if we
except the proof of an increasing feeling in the colony to re-
sist undue encroachment on the part of the Americans. If
any rash step is taken by Governor Kent to, enforce the sur-
vey, which there is some reason to apprehend froni the tenor
of the advices, a collision may possibly occur, as the British
colonists along the whole frontier are in no temper to be
played with on the subject.
We have advices from Calcutta to the 23d May, which is
a few days later than the accounts received by the last over-
land mail via Egypt. There was no material change in the
aspect of commercial affairs. The exchange on Treasury Bills
was at ls. Hid. per Company's rupee, and several transac-
tions had taken place at that rate. United States Bank Bills,
drawn on M. Jaudon, had been sold at 2s. 2d., and private
bills, with security on consignments, at 2s. 21d. A liberal
subscription had been entered into for the relief of the suf-
ferers by famine, and 30,000 rupees had been received for the
same laudable purpose from Bombay.
We have the gratification of stating that a dividend of
6s. Bd. per pound has been paid to-day on all the outstanding
claims against the firm of Thomas Wilson and Co.

From th' twilight we borrow
Fit solace for sorrow,
When the aged and weary lie down in their west :
And the sunset in splendour
Is touching and tender,
the dews of our sorrow fall warm on their rest.
But mighty's the anguish
Where beauty must languish,
And the young from the young in life's morning are riven;
When the dear spell is broken
Of vows fondly spoken,
And the form is recalled that in rapture was given.
Oh, vainly we linger
Where silence her finger
Has laid upon lips that no more may unclose :
Where sad leaves are sighing,
Where blossoms are dying,
O'er tho young and the lovely in mortal repose.
The form that came lightly,
Like morn breaking brightly,
With hopes as from Eden, all faded and o'er
The presence endearing,
The smile that was cheering,
And step that was music, are with us no more.

When

P A
isR Ba
nU R
excellenti'
O Ra
Ir
tEi ell eTi.AnLthffisENßuAmLbeDr.
There of
the
" Oriental Herald," on the
policy of Russia in reference
to Circassia, Persia, and India. As it is of the utmost
importance to Europe that the fell designs of that world-
grasping Power should be made universally known—should
be regarded as objects of peculiar solicitude by the Govern-
ments of all free States, we deem it a duty to omit no op-
portunity of proclaiming our conviction that Russia is as
strongly bent upon the subjugation of British India, as ever
she was on the dismemberment, and final destruction, of
Poland. We are aware that there are thousands of other-
wise sensible people, who look upon us as mere alarmists
upon this question, simply because they arc strangers to
the history of the rise of an empire, whose policy has never
been that of any other Government in the world. Upon
this point we take leave to quote, as strikingly corrobora-
tive of our views and opinions, an extract from the very
valuable article to which we are alluding :
Every inch of territory gained by Russia in the East, is re-
newed warning to Europe of the lessening stability of its own
Inasmuch as European ascendancy isthe
strength. repre-
sentative of the principle of freedom, precisely in the self-same
ratio are the triumphs of Russia in demonstration of the perils
by which freedom and the general rights of mankind are me-
naced. The growing aggrandisement of that dark and deso-
lating power—its not slow, but universally stealthy steps—its
extended bounds of empire, is a. fact among theprodigies of
It is one of the efforts of the mind
history.to understand
how a handful of barbarians, a horde of savages, within the
pro-
vinces term of a century has been enabled to overrun the finest
of the world, to subjugate them to her yoke, or from
their ruins to issue the cry of—Death to the liberties of the
human race 1 Russia and despotism to the ends of the earth I
In the commencement of the eighteenth century we find Peter
struggling for existence agains! Swedes, Poles, and Turks.
In 1713 he bad conquered Riga and Liefland. Ten years
later he declared himself Autocrat of all the Russians. On
the accession of Catherine the Second to the throne of the
Czars, she found herself Empress of twenty-two millions of
subjects ; after a reign of thirty-three years, she left to her
successor a population of thirty-six millions 1 The reign of
Alexander is memorable for ever, far it is coupled with the
memory of Napoleon. At the death of this Emperor the po-
ACCIDENT TO LORD GLENLYON.—Last week pulation of the barbariansnt Autocrathad multiplied
are
the to fifty millions. The
exploits of the present eventsliud of to-day, and
the Noble Lord while riding his horse in a hurdle race in thesufficientlyse known; but to a
neighbourhood of his seat, Blair Athol!, Perthshire, in clear- therefore are
h
e found to consist. of the e to them merely,
and they will annihilation of the king-
ing one of the hurdles, the second, we believe, his horse slip- Poles, the humblin of
dom of the
Persia, Turkey to a very province,
ped, and his Lordship was thrown heavily. Although se-andg of
the dismemberment of
thehuman aggressions against
verely hurt, his Lordship with great agility remounted his famil one
of the most superb races of y
—the brave and
horse, and eventually won the race. It then appeared that free people among the snowyrr_anges of the Caucasus. To this
his Lordship in his fall had sustained a compound fracture of
height has the power of theE Muscovite, year after year grown
his collar-bone ; but we are happy to add, from the prompt at-
And wonderful to say.with
the
still supine—England still
tendance of a medical gentleman, who scow reduced the frac-
unm;ndful that India is but next barrier to additional con-
ture, his Lordship is mush better than he might have been
quests and subjugations. It is monstrous to
expected to be.
barbarian is bound by treaties he argue that the
cannot violate, or that his
The railway anti steam haviaation conveyance be- means are circumscribed, so that
there is a point beyond
tween Paris and London, or Paris and Portsmouth and South- which his resources cannot carry As to the first, he has
ampton, is now complete, attended with many comforts and violated all treaties; as to the him.
second, he has already achieved
scarcely any inconveniences. A party of English gentlemen that which it was declar ed impossible he should accomplish.
'
left Paris by the new railroad on Thursday morning (Septem- It was declared impossible
he
should ever appear before Varna;
her 20), at seven o'clock. They arrived at the steam-boat having reached V
arnat was pronounced incredible his legions
station on the Seine in less than one hour. They embarked should cross theßalkan;i
about half-past eight, and landed at Rouen at ten in the even- oracularly protested,
the
never would he succeed in establishing
ing. Next morning at six o'clock they embarked on board a exclusive influence inßlack Sea. But for a reply to
magnificent steamer, abounding with every luxury, and, after these impossibilities, behold the treaty of Adrianople 1 In the
enjoying a most picturesque and varied voyage down the same way it was declared and protested in reference to Po-
Seine, arrived at Havre soon after twelve o'clock, mid-day. land. It was affimed
, the Vistula she could not cross. But
They instantly shifted their quarters to the noble steam-vessel history will record, the Vistula was crossed, and the so ill-
tbe Monarch, quite ready to sail. They reached Portsmouth fated capital it
misery protected turned into one soul-crucifying
and Southampton in the middle of the night, or soon after, spectacle of
made madness. In reference to treaties,
and were in London in good time on Saturday, having reposed too, would Poland have fallen victim, if the engagements
quietly in their hotels on Thursday and Friday nights. entered into between Russia and the European Powers, had
hich
We are informed that on the first of next month a escaped infraction? The sole condition England
theon
hmail-gig is to commence running between Carlisle and White- ceorntseentFd to interfere in the affairs of Ottomanw empire,
vaveetn passing through Wigton, Allonby, Maryport, and fairs, allow the interference of any other Power in those af-
\ kington. This arrangement is important, and has long was, that neither she nor they
should seek any advan-
been much wanted. The gig will leave Carlisle at half-past to es which should not be common to all mankind. The five in the morning, and arrive in Whitehaven at ten; to be protocol of St. Petersb urgh of the 4th of April, 1826, may
despatched again at three in the afternoon, andreach Carlisle
be referred to by the curious •
in confirmation of this asser-
at half-lion. At that • past seven in the evening.—Carlisle Patriot.time the Pruth and the Kuban were the limits
of Russia, as
Game) we understand, is so utterly awanting in this The subsequent established at the treaty of Bucharest in 1812.
on treaty of July 6th, 1827, admitted France to
anreoigunhdbourhood that the greater proportion of the proprietors the alliance the same conditions as those by which Eng-
_ . us have resolved to give a jubilee to the partridges for land and Ru •
the y ear.—Fifeshire Journal. Russia were reciprocally bound to each other and
to their .
subjects. The war of Russia against Turkey in
POST-OFFICE COMMUNICATION WITH LONDON. 1828 was undertaken,reiterated
—There 'll of Russia , according to the solemn and
will , from this morning henceforward, be two de- declarationsspeedy
s atche. herself, " only for the more
p s every day for London and the intermediate places. fulfilment of the stipulations of the 6th of July, and not to
Ihe first despatch wi • will be by make any
the train which starts, at three
o'clock in the morning,
from the Edge-hill station, and which " the Emperor would will take letters not enlarge the limits of his territory,
and papers posted by twenty minutes past and would only ask of his allies the same absence of ambi-
tewt o : the letters and papers forwarded by itwill be delivered, Lion and of
.
exclusivei designs, of which he would give the
two o'clock in the afternoon, • Ithe the first
cond despatch will be at six o'clockil in metropolis. The se-
of _ example." Yet, what is the fact but that in the face
the evening the letters these solemn treat;
es and assurances comes the treaty of
and papers conve •yed by whichwilldelivered ' • ' 1 k Adrianople
be at nine o c.oc by • •
. whveh " an augmentation of territory, an ex-
in the morning. To.morrow morning the letters and papers elusive influenceclaimed,
despatched from London, and commercial advantages" are
. at half-past eight o'clock on the re- to the prejex
euce of England and every other nation. The
ceding night will be delivered at nine. This w'll, foithe I)
e. King Cc -
sent, be the only delivery of letters papersif • pr
aut England, on learning of this treaty, says a recent
. from London, '., :
as the day mail, which will leave and
ort\ , l' s.r‘ ed by a dii'llomatie communication to the
at dotun In the moi.ni,nig, .
t•'•'irt ot *St. Petersburg, not onithe rights of England, but
will not reach Liverpool in time y
for a second deli • n
evening.—Liverpool Albion. deliver 1 .0 p 1 even the right of judging of the extent of the sacrifices which
. , Russia might be allowed to demand from Turkey as an in-

HERALD.—By the late accounts from New Orleans it ap-
pears that various conjectures are hazarded as to the probable
period when a return to specie payments will take place in
that city. It seems, however, that there had not been much
demand for specie, and that though the season for resumption
had bcea favourable, the Banks had not attempted to resume,
their excuse being that they did not desire to cripple their
own customers, and, therefore, they would continue their own
suspension rather than cause their customers to suspend. The
conduct of the Banks of New Orleans appears to have ac-
quired the approbation of all the mercantile interests of that
city, and it was considered by the monetary institutions of that
busy place, that an immediate return to a metallic currency
would be, to a numerous class, pregnant with disaster, and
the evil consequences of suspension and failure.
It appears by the last advices from the United States that
the differences between the slave-holding advocates and the
abolitionist parties are daily increasing, and the latter avow
that every means in their power will be adopted to shelter and
protect slaves and. promote their final emancipation ; indeed,
it is anticipated that the emancipation of the negroes in all
the British settlements will tend to create an agitation against
the horrid system of slavery in the United States, that will no
be conquered without the full emancipation of slaves through-t
out the federal union.

There has been more pressure for money, both on the
Stock Exchange and in the commercial markets, within the
past day or two ; which to-day has rather increased than
abated. This circumstance is ascribed to the fact that a con-
siderable number of bills have appeared in the market, on ac-
count of the recent importations of corn from the north of
Europe, the influence of which had not been previously felt
to the present extent, because most of them were drawn upon
Hamburg and Amsterdam, but have now found their way to
this market.

(FROM THE MORNING PAPERS OF THIS DAY)
BENTLEYS MISCELLANY.
We are glad to make acquaintance with " Oliver Twist"
TIME S.—Some alterations have recently been made in
.. in The chapters of this tale are this month full of
the mode of levying the duties on sea-borne coal by a circular
interest—of that vivid, life-like interest, which Boz knows
of the French Custom-house department, which it may be
useful to notice here, for the benefit of those interested. Ac-
' certain old laws of 1799 the duties were levied on
cording to
a'a
the footing of the ship's tonnage at the rate of 2,900 French literature—not even the Robber scene in "Count Fathom,"
pounds or livres, or reckoned in kilogrammes at 1,077 to the or the interview between Jeannie Deans and the hag Meg
ton, when the vessel was altogether freighted with coal, and Mnrdockson in the hut near Gunnersbury Hill—are more
according to the actual weight when partially freighted with striking or energetic than the scene where the poor forlorn
different sorts of merchandise. It is said to have been as ,e outcast Nancy, seeks and obtains an audience of Rose
tained that 1,077 kilogrammes were in the
.greater portion of Maylie. The whole of this dialogue has an air of reality cases greatly below the real weight, which induced the Cus-
about it, that produces quite a startling effect on the
tom-house authorities to have recourse to actual weighing on may Boz continue to write such tales as
reader. Long
all occasions when there was reason to presume that the
" Oliver Twist," and long may we survive to read them!
receipt of duties thus based on the ship's tonnage would
" be prejudicial to the revenue. The result, combined The Missionary Bride" is a story of a melancholy and ro-
with the new method of measurement established by mantic character, and turns upon the incident of a girl of an
the ordinance of the 18th of November, 1837, has imaginative turn of mind, who flings herself from a cabin
been that the effective weight of a cargo of coal window into the Pacific, because she is compelled to marry a
may be estimated so as to conciliate the interests both of man whom she has only seen once. The story is tolerably well
the revenue and the trade, by multiplying by 1,500 kilo- related, and has brevity to recommend it. " Joe Miller" is
grammes the number of tons of the ship's measurement. Ac- a rambling biographical sketch of this well-known relator of
cording to the old system of measurement, 1,300 kilogrammes other men's jokes, who has a prototype in e old Greek
was reckoned equal to the ton, which under that now adopted
ilierocles who collected the " facetia3" that the
were current
would be equivalent to 1,533 kilogrammes. To simplify cal-
culations, the 1,500 killogrammes have been assumed. This as standing jokes among his coun ry men. othis memoir
' t - T •
mode of verification must be understood, however, to apply a portrait
of honest Joe is prefixed, which would lead us
only to cases where ships are entirely loaded with coal, and that to suppose that he had as great a horror of a joke, as
the former regulations for actual weighing remain in force even that Cory-phmus of anti-jokers, Joe Hume himself.
when they are only partly loaded, or when the vessels carry " The Wide-awake Club" is an amusing article, not devoid
other merchandise in addition to coal. These regulations are of humour. " The Handsome Clear-starcher" is a lively
applicable only to the sea-ports; coal imported by the land well versified trifle ; and the " Forlorn one," a capital spe-
frontier remains as before.
cimen of solemn, well-sustained irony from the pen of In-
goldsby, the most admirable humourist, in rhyme, of his
age. He is in verse, just what Peacock is in prose. We
quote this clever quiz :
THE FORLORN ONE.
Ah I why those piteous sounds of woe,
Lone Wanderer of the dreary night ?
Thy gushing tears in torrents flow,
Thy bosom pants in wild affright !
And Thou, within whose iron breast
Those frowns austere too truly tell
Mild Pity, heaven-descended guest,
Hath never, never deign'd to dwell.
That rude, uncivil touch forego,
Stern despot of a fleeting hour!
Nor " make the angels weep" to know
The fond " fantastic tricks" of power !
Know'st thou not " mercy is not strain'd,
But droppeth as the gentle dew,"
And while it blesseth him who gain'd,
It blesseth him who gave it too ?
Say what art thou ?—and what is he,
Pale victim of despair and pain,
Whose streaming eyes and heeded knee
Sue to thee thus—and sue in vain ?
Cold, callous man l—he scorns to yield,
Or aught relax his felon gripe,
But answers—" I 'm Inspector Field !
And this here Warmint 's prigg'd your wipe I"
