natural consequence, that the apprenticeship law ought not to be dib-
turbed.—(Hear, and laughter.) After some further remarks on this
subject, Mr. Sturge concluded by calling upon the people in this country
everywhere to exert themselves on this great and important question,
assured if they did so the hydra-headed monster of slavery would soon
cease to exist. He sat down amid loud applause, having first read the
following resolution, which he moved :—" That this meeting, fully
persuaded that the apprenticeship system now in operation in the British
colonies has only changed the name of slavery, and that the Imperial
Act by which that system was introduced has, notwithstanding
the grant of 20,000,0004, entirely failed to accomplish its pro-
fessed object, asserts the right of the British Parliament to
abolish the apprenticeship system without delay. And this meeting, con-
vinced, by the examples of Antigua and Bermuda, that slavery may at
once be extinguished, not only without detriment, but with great ad-
vantage to the colonies, and fearing that the slaves may, under their
accumulated wrongs, in some respects more aggravated than formerly,
be goaded into desperation, deprecates the appointment of a Parlia-
mentary 'Committee of Inquiry as only calculated to defeat the ends of
justice, hazard the peace of the colonies, and prolong the misery of the
n egro."

The Rev. Mr. BANKS, a Wesleyan minister, recently returned from
the West Indies, seconded the resolution. He had been in the West
Indies ten or eleven years, and had seen much of the horrors of slavery.
He had narrowly watched the progress of the Imperial Act. When it
first passed, some members of the Legislature of Antigua, conceiving it
would only prove a burden to the colony, proposed to give the slaves in
that island their entire freedom.—(Cheers.) He was in the island on
the day that entire freedom was proclaimed, and it was quite impossible
for him to describe the intense joy and gratitude felt and expressed by
the poor slaves on that occasion. The fears of some persons were
greatly excited for the result of that day, though most unnecessarily
so, for there was not a single outrage or breach of the peace throughout
the island. When exhorted to be peaceable, their simple reply was,
there need be no fear, for surely, as they did not riot when slaves, they
would not be so foolish as to do so when freemen.—(Loud cheers.) A
slave who had by some means obtained his freedom some years previous,
and who had left the island, and during his absence learned the art of
printing, returned just before this time, with some property, and com-
menced a newspaper, of which he was both proprietor and editor. He
was, however, brought to the very verge of ruin in consequence of his
advoCacy of entire emancipation, and, 'at the recommendation of his
friends, was induced to apply through him (Mr. Banks) to the Governor,
for the office of superintendent of police. At first his Excellency
could scarcely be brought to listen to the subject ; but at length, very
much to the surprise of the white population, he appointed him to the
office, and hastily swore him in, fearing there would be a great opposi-
tion and outcry against the appointment, and declaring it was the most
desperate act he ever committed. He proved, however, a most invalu-
able officer. They had no doubt heard of the disturbances at St. Kitts.
His Excellency, on hearing of the outbreak, went to the island, accom-
panied by the man of whom he spoke, and who almost unaided put an
end to the disturbances.—(Cheers.) The fact was, he had so largely
the confidence of the negroes that a word from him was of snore effect
than a volley from the militia.—(Laughter and applause.) He con-
cluded by heartily seconding the resolution which was then put and
carried unanimously.

The Rev. T. M. 111`Dos:gett moved, and the Rev. Trios MORGAN
seconded the third resolution, which was as follows :—" That this
meeting cannot resist the deep and very painful conviction that her
Majesty's Ministers, and especially those connected with the Colonial
Department,on whom devolved the task of securing the impartial fulfil.
ment of the contract between the British people and the planters, have
suffered the provisions of the Abolition Act, imperfect as they were, to
be flagrantly violated, by sanctioning colonial laws and oppressive acts
wholly at variance with such provisions, and by discharging the claims
of the planters upon the compensation fund without securing the stipu-
lated consideration from them—thus adding to the wrongs of the slaves
and pillaging the British nation."

G. THOMPSON, Esq., supported the resolution. He was received with
loud and long continued applause. They were assembled that night in
the cause of liberty, and he who advocated liberty any where, advo.
cated it every where.—(Cheers.) There must, however, be division of
labour in matters of this kind. But if he was ever ready to drop the
tear of sympathy for the accumulated and aggravated wrongs of the
black man in our West India Islands, be:was not the less incapacitated
to pour out his soul in behalf of the misery and wretchedness which met
him in his own streets.—(lmmense cheering.) To slavery, wherever it
cursed the soil, wherever it crushed the noble and free spirit of man, he
was the determined foe.—(Cheers.) He liked the cry of "Justice!"
To-day let them shout " Justice for Ireland!" to-morrow " Justice for
the West Indies!" and let them strive which could shout loudest, and
first make them hear in Downing-street.--(Cheers.) Mr. Thompson
concluded a brilliant harangue, by a touching appeal to the women of
England to ezert their influence with woman (the Queen) for woman.
The cheering was continued for a considerable period after Mr. Thorp.
son had resumed his seat.

The motion was then put by the CHAIRMAN to the meeting, and
carried amid loud applause.

The remaining resolutions were moved and seconded in rapid sue.
cession by the Low Bailiff; the Rev. J. A. James, Rev. T. M. M`Don-
nell, Mr. Edmonds, Mr. Greene, &c., &c.
A petition to both Houses of Parliament, and a memorial to the
Queen, founded on the resolutions, were agreed to ; and Messrs. Att-
wood and Scolefield, the Memb ,rs for the borough, who were upon the
platform, severally pledged themselves to give to the cause every support
in their power.

The meeting did not break up until nearly 11 o'clock,

IRELAND.

(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.)
MR. O'CONNELL ♦ND THE TRADES.

DUBLIN, DEC. 27.

A meeting of the Trades' Association of Dublin took place yester-
day tor the purpose of rebutting the charges brought against them by
Mr. O'Connell and others, of having illegally combined to forward the
interests of their body. The Chair was taken by Mr. P. O'Batax, a
house-carpenter.

Mr. O'Connell had been invited to attend, but from a sudden though
slight indisposition, he was unable to be present.
_

The CHAIRMAN said they did not meet to abuse Mr. O'Connell, but to
set themsalves right with the public. They had once been among his
truest and most attached friends ; but they could not promise to be so
any longer, when they found their rights disregarded, their sufforings
treated with scorn, and their support bartered like the injuries of the
children of Manchester. He implored the meeting to be peaceable
and attentive, for any riot or disturbance would only injure their
good cause.

Mr. FRENCH moved the first resolution, which declared that the
proceedings would be conducted in an orderly manner, and that no in-
terruptions would be allowed.

Mr. Watsii seconded the resolution, which passed with one dissen..
tient voice.

Mr. ruosea then came forward, and said he had never before ad-
dressed a public meeting, but he thought every man with a heart in his
breast should come forward to vindicate their body from the calumnies
which had been uttered against it. by Mr. O'Connell. They all recol-
lected that Mr. O'Conne:l had publicly declared that the streets of the
city had been dyed with the blood of their victims, and if they per-
mitted such a statement to remain uncontradicts d they would deserve
to be considered a lawless band of ruffians, such as they had been repre.
sented.—(Hear, and cheers.) There were, he was sorry to say, many
employers in Dublin, who had made that speech the pretence of cutting
down the wages of their workmen.—(Hear.) It was, then, their plain
and positive duty to contradict the misrepresentation, Mr. Thorpe
concluded by moving the second resolution.

Mr. FITZPATRICK said that the tradesmen of Dublin had given a tone
to Ireland Favourable to the administration of Lord Mulgrave, such be-
ing considered the proper policy by the leaders of the liberal party. It
was the tradesmen, too, who had carried the elections.
The CHAIRMAN said their proceedings were totally unnconnected with
politics, and he would not sit in the chair if they were introduced.
Mr. FITZPATRICK then concluded by seconding the resolution, which
passed unanimously.
Mr. CARROLL moved the next resolution.

Mr. CARROLL, after moving the resolution, said that but nice trades
had met Mr. O'Connell in Committee; whereas there were twenty-one
trades present at that meeting,—(Hear, hear.) That demonstrated the
true feelings of the body.

Mr. CAVANAGH, in seconding the resolution, said—We have assem-
bled here to.day for the purpose of upholding the rights of the working
classes, who are really the persons that support the nation and pay the
taxes.--(Hear.) Wedid not come here to listen to eloquent speeches ;
but I am prepared with a few facts that have reference to this resolu-
tion.—(Hear.) I declare that the charges made against us, so far as
the trade with which I am connected is concerned, are false and un.
founded, and I would not associate with any man that I knew to be
concerned in the outrages that have been committed. I now declare
for myself, and I am authorised to declare on behalf of the trade of
st Well I am a member, that we would not identify ourselves with the
proceedings of such persons.—(Hear.) We deny in the most positive
terms the charges Preferred against us by Mr. O'Connell's anonymous
informer ; and, in the next place, we declare that we are ready to
meet Mr. O'Connell and the employers hand to hand, and foot to
foot; and let us see if any respectable employer will come before us
and denounce us. I know a gentleman who is 36 years an employer in
the city of Dublin, and who ranks as a gentleman, and he declared his
readiness to state before a Committee of the House of Commons, that
the conduct of the tradesmen in his employment was proper on all oc.
casions, and worthy of example.—(Hear, hear.) It is not to abuse
Mr. O'Connell that we came here to-day—that is not our object. but
we wish to disabuse the pubic mind. Mr. Cavanagh concluded by se-
conoing the resolution.
The Resolution was put from the Chair and passed unanimously.
Mr. M'Doivacm, after making some observations on O'Connell's
speech, said he would read to the meeting Mr. O'Connell's opinion on
combination delivered in writing in 1824, and they would judge whe-
ther or not he was consistent. It was given on the occasion of a turn-
out among the coachmakers :—" I have read with attention the diffe-
rent documents laid before me, and am of opinion that there
is nothing illegal jn the intended publication of the que.
rists, As the law now stands, tradesmen are allowed to combine,
iu order to raise the price of labour, and nothing can be more just than
that they should be so allowed. Labour is, in fact, the most sacred of
all property, as it is the only property of the poor man. And the la-
bourer of every class has just, the same right to set his own price on
his labour as a merchant has, to set a price upon his goods, or the
landed proprietor to .et a price upon his farms. But none of these
persons have a right to compel others to deal with them for any of
these articles, and accordingly it continues perfectly illegal to use any
force, or violence, or any threats or menaces to compel any persons to
employ any body or to put any person out of employment.
" I have stated these general principles of the present law for the
government and protection of the querists. But the only principle
upon which my opinion is required, is the legality or illegality of their
intended publications. And lam of opinion that these publications are
perfectly legal.

" DANIEL O'CONNELL.

" Merrion-square, 15th Dec. 1824."
This was Mr. O'Connell's written opinion, and what had induced Mtn
to alter it he (Mr. 141`Denagh) could not conceive. The tradesmen had
supported him (Mr. O'Connell) through nine years of agitation, during
which time trade had not only not improved, hut it had been actually
falling away and decreasing every day. —(Hear, hear.) He concluded
by moving the next resolution.
Mr. GANLY, a tailor, came forward to second the resolution. He said
they had been accused of combination, and it had been asserted that
they drove trade out of the city. This, on the part of hik trade, he
t,oatallydeenntiederel
, theentered
rntoornin
cjoubrneaytmioen. journeymen tailors,lnl794from
jnlu79rn4etynien h
o the present
i os
sent.a
day
had not
week fixed as their wages by Parliament, and an employer who would
give more was made liable to a fine of 1001., one half of which
would be given to the informer. From 1800 to 1803 the masters, not-
withstanding this law, were necessitated—and they did it solely of their
own accord—to raise the wages from 18s. to 1/. a week. In 1811 the
price of provisions became so high, that the journeymen agreed to de.
mand 1/. 6s. a week, and some generous employers were found who
acceded to the demand; but another portion totally disregarded their
claims, and offered a reward to any man who would prove that any em-
ployer gave his men more ihan 3s. a day. A man named Bowles came
forward and proved that Mr. Jessop, of Exchequer-street, gave his men
45. 4d. a day ; and he was tined 1001. The men who offered this reward
did not stop there; they formed themselves into a combination, and sub-
scribed large sumas, and the first resolution that they adopted was, that
in the commencement of the vacation—which then was after Donny-
brook fair, though in the present time it was in July—they would turn
out from their employment all the married men. The resolution was
proposed by Cornelius Carr and seconded by M. Candy The one was
then begging in London, and the other in Dublin without a home
to shelter himself.—(Hear.), They were not content with acting up to
the spirit of this resolution; they sent circulars through the whole
country, and encouraged every runaway apprentice to come from their
poor employers on the promise of being engaged in Dublin. This was
