LITERARY REVIEW.

The BACHELOR and the,MABRIED MAN; or, The Equi.
-librium of the Balance of Comfort" In Three Volumes
LONGMAN, Htjasr, REES, OtotE, and BRowtst.

Among the many Novels lately ushered„ into
existence, we have to notice, in. "'The Bachelor
and the Married Map," the first work of an aim-
nvmons Writer, whether male or female is left to

conjecture, to whom we, venture to predict early
disiinction, and popular celebrity,. The subject
of this Novel is, as the title imports, nb other
than Morriage, that never-to-be-exhausted sub-
ject' of universal 'interest, to which neither man
nor woman, at any period of existence, can listen
with perfect indifference.,

To marry, or not to marry," that old scho-
lastic question, so often debated, and nicer de-
cided, is here re-argued, pleaded and counter-
Tleaued, with equal spirit and skill, and so at-
tractive is the controversy, as _exhibited in these
voltitnes, that we should be sorry to see it laid to
rest. The following extract will' illustrate our
opinion of the,work, and afford a specimen of the
Author's colloquial powers. It is only necessary,
to premise, that Beanclair, the married man,
anxious to subdue the prtjudices of an unman ied
friend, who advocates the cause of celibacy, con-
ducts Om to the house of an inveterate Bachelor.

" By this Mr. Beanclair had joined his friend,
and, by the time they -had whistled the tune of
My heart's my own, my will is free,' they ar-
rived at. Mr. Court eney's.
Fitzosbert stood for a moment to consider the
aspect of the singularly old-fashioned house,-and
to decy-pher the motto that encircled the armorial
bearings laced. ever-the door; the words Qui-
escere non possis'—alone were legible ; a matri-
monial motto !' thought he, as he entered.
The walls, of the room into which they were
ushered were not adorned with the modern orna-
ment of paper, but with -bright oaken pannels ;
the white ceiling was curiously carvet4 and dis-
played in every department groteSque fiigures, of
:what description the Antiquary alone could dis-
A fire blazed on the hearth, close to which

Cofer

was placed a large easy chair, supparting tie per-,
sou of the master of the mansion, who, wrapped
in a flannel dressing,-gown, sat with his feet lying
on a large stool, and exhibiting, by their uncom.
Mon size, symptoms of that foe to luxury—the
gout.

IVe are thus particular In describing the
apartment and attitude of Mr. Courteney, because
the iimiression each made on Charles Fitzosbe,rt
was so strong, that he was able to detail these
miouTim to us some years afterwards.

• Ah, Beauclair !' said .tle invalid, I'm glad
to set. .you, how are you ? • Your trieud also

is welcome ; 1 must trouble you to reach chairs
for yourselves,. Gentlemen, for if I• for tify
fellows, ti,ey're all so busy, it's tet► to one if they
conic. ; nobody knows the plague oid bachelors
(and I have the misf,,rtone to'belf-mg.to that class,
Mr, Fi;zosbert,)—nobody, I say; knowi the
plaL7to- we leave to govern a household.'

F:tzosbert hereupon looked graye, but Bea

cl:►ir bAlglied.

" You way laugh, Beanclair,', continued Mr.
Courteney, bin fait that you should see we
experience some inconveniences, as we are daily
Wiluesse,i of your miseries; when I use the pro-
-110111, WE, Mr. Fir zosbert, observe, I_do not in-
citOe you, I ant then speaking of nty unfortunate
cla'ss ; you are too young to have become a mem-
ber of it vet.' •

Ha !ha ! think you're mistaken, my dear
Counsellor,' sai►( Beauclair.

At this moment Fitzosbert contrived to press
his friend's foot somewhat forcibly.
Pon ! man,' continued lkauclair, .do'nt be
ashamed of your, condition,,-how . confoundedly
you've pinched my foot !—Yes, Counsellor, Charles
Fitzosbert, Esquire, of Nant-lieu Ball, in --
county, and not yet three-score,. as his appear.:
ance declares, enters heart and soul -into your
society.'

' Aud a _very good society too ! I do assure
you, and your friend's choice proves his sense,
without any compliment to myself; I opine, that
if we listen to the pleading of liberty versus
slavery, • we shall escape matrimonial trammels.---
But I've some of the finest old hock you ever
tasted, we must not suffer the cause pending to
make us oblicial of that,' and Counsellor. Cour-

tency•rung the .bell ;—No answer ;—a second
peal ;—still no answer.'
D—m 'em 1 what are they all about ?
fetch some of the rascals, I warrant f—a peal
yet louder, which at length brought in a little
boy.

CVliere's Tom,: you impudent. varlet ?'
Gone to the Sir ; Mrs. Morris tent him,

Sir.'

Inere's Dick, sirrab ?'
wi' S:r ; Tom said as hoW it was
modely impossible for him to carry all the things.'
• Tom told a lie, then ;—do you go and tell
Mrs.' Morris to send in a bottle of bock, 'd'you
herir ? Fly, you rascal ! What do you stay for ?
Begone, you monkey !'
' Please your Honour, Mrs. Morris is gone out

too.'

• Gone out ? And I can't stir from my chair ?
Mere- is she gone ?'
• Sir, she said she'd just go and ax the news at
the village..' •
• Get off, sirrab ! Send her when she comes !
A' Jezabel !' continued he, when the boy • had,
made his exit ; but 'the jade knows, I'm so used.
ti) her, I ean't do without her, or, by Jove, I
'Wo;lldo't endure her !' •
' ' I think, yotir boasted liberty is become a
said Beauclair, laughing ; and then whis-
-1164ng Firzosbere, the gont's a deuced unlucky
complaint : toi% you 'ibaelielors, Charles ; •do you-,
think yent are likely to suffer much from it towards
the close of life ?'

Psbaw !' said Fitzosberti.pettislily, and at tha
moment it vi as all lie could say.
_Liberty !' said the Counsellor, taking up Beau•
chair's obsvrvation•; if 1 said l enjoyed liberty—
ti:-it •liantz:it ! What's the use of complaining ?
Are not we all siav,::s

I would rather be the slave of my wife !lino my
serve+►ts,` sai►l Beanelair, ' if it be impossible to
live without one of•those. evils.' •.

.' I would ►u give a woman a right to tyran,
nine over me,6l-leanclair,; play the fool if you
%%111, hut don'tliut cases to me. tell you what,
Mr. Firzosbert,'-this marrying anti married friend
of :yours is swan .ions to -SkibParna VrineSS" 'on
his own side ot the question, that it behoves you
to keep a sharp look-out. When 'you've been a
lawyer for thirty years, as 1 have, and have
cross-examintl as many ft-wales, who have been
summoned merely to embarras the Court,
never give your name to a being of that contra,
4ictory and foolish race : feMale witnesses have
fgst my clients more suits
.than their own injus-
tice,: their evidence obscures a good cause, 'and
damns a bad one.' .

After all, my dear Counsellor, Fi*zocbert will
believe his eyes and ears : married man would
submit to a wife, as I have seen you sometimes
obliged to do to your holoekyeiter.'"

POLICE I NTELLI GENCE.

SFIADWELL.

. MURDERS )T GRKENWlCH.—Yesterday Hewitt,
the Officer, returned, atter making eveyy neces-
sary in-gully at the place' he was directed. to, ac-
cording to the information that was laid by the
son of Admiral Douglas, concerning the:snsp; cted
retreat at thissey;.the murderer, when he ascer-
tained that the statement of that Gentleman was
in every respect accurate, but ;that instead ot-
Hussey having 'slept at the house mentioned iu
the information on last Saturday night, it was on
that night week, after which lee had abscinWed
from thence, and has not since been heard of, hut
that on his return, he leArnt-from a man of the name
of Possimore, a foreigner, that a person answer-
ing the description of Hussey, and who lie was
almost certain was him, was' then on board the
sloop D ,rset, by a-fictitious name, and had Hs
passage paid to Lisbon ; acCording to, this in-
,

formatimr, he went
.on board the sloop Dorset,
and made his business knomn to the Captain, on
which "the suspected person was brought before
him ; the tuan had an impediment in his speech,
was of the same size and age, and dressed nearly
in the lame manner as Hussey, and in every re-
spect answered the description given of him in
the posting hills; but on his making inquiry of
Mr Ogleby, the ship-broker, residing in Ingram-
court, Fenchurch-street, he ascertained that the
suspected person was a respectable merchaKbound
fur Lisbon.—There is no further trace as yet of
the murderer.

MARLBOROUGH STREET.
Leon Cassqux, son -of a French merchant, was
re-examined on the charge of having cut and
maimed Mr. Mai bias, a Roman Catholic Priest, on
.‘Sunday se'nnight, whilst on duty in the Chapel.
The particulars,of this case are already before the
publicAa the report of the. first examination. In

addition to the testimony before adduced, Mr.
Stanway, an ironmonger, in Oxford-§treet,
stated some evidence, which WefU to Prose the
insane state of mind under which the prisoner
la4oured: lle ordered recently at his shop a suit
of armour, to •be of the weight of 240,1b5. and
for which he paid ready money. The ttadesman
concluded that the prisoner must have been in-
sane, as be talked of walking twenty miles in the
armour, and went on in a romantic manner.—The
prisoner was fully committed for trial, and the
parties were bound over to prosecute. Mr.Ala-
thias had lunch difficulty in signing the informa-
tion from the effects of his 3.1.'0011d5.
TOWN-HALL, SOUTHWARK..

COMMITTEE FOR RELIEF OF SEAMEN ROBBED.-

A sailor, named Thomas Dixon,. apprebendedby
Kinsey, the constable, was yesterday brought be-
fore. Sir JoirN I.I:AtER, charged with stealing va-
rious articles of bedding and wearing apparel, Ibe
property•of tne Committee for the Relief of Des-
titute Seamen...

Lieutenant Barker stated i hat; be was one of,:the
Committeg for the Relief of Destitute
,Sea,men,
and had the command of 'the Abundance store-
ship, one olthe :vessels appointed for ;he recep-
tion Of such persons as_ were deemed by the Com-

mittee to be proper objects of charity. .The
hrt-
soiler was recommended by the Ccinmittee,and was
received on boat d the Abundance,whete he was fur-
nished, by their direction, with various article of
bedding,_ &c. &c. Having, expressed a desire to
go to. Liverpool, his home, .a passage was engaged
and paid for him on hoard a vessel bound for that
place, and other articles of clothing were given to
him, to add to his califort dining the voyage.
.The:first night after being conveyed on board the
Liverpool vet,sel he stole the boat and:estaped
with all -the articles with which be had been sup-
plied. The witness identified the articles found
in his possession as the property of the Commit.
tee, and stated that they were given him _upon the.
condition that he should. proceed to Liverpool.
The Magistrate said that so flagrant an instance
-of fraud and ingratithde deserved the severest-pu-
nishment ; he should therefore commit the pri-
Soper to take his trial at the next
- Quarter .Ses-
Sion.

' COURSE OF EXCHANGE, TVESDAY, MArtcu 24, •
/trust erdarn
Ditto, at Sight .
36 6
Arustet datn
11 7 C. F.
Ditto, at Sight '
Rotterdaiu • . ll 8 2 Us.
H Antwerp .
()
amburg
Altona
34 5 21 Us.
.
34 6 2i Us.
Paris, 3 Day's date
,24 40 2 Us. 24 20
' Ditto . -
'
Bourdeaux, ditto
Frankforton the Main
Madrid
Cadiz ' 39i Effective,
Bilboa
Seville . ..... .•—• • ... ,
Gibraltar
.
. ..
Leghorn. . ; . 5l
Genoa...- . 471----Venice, Ital. Liv. 24 70
Malta..• .51 —Naples - 43
Palermo
Lis:-on .
Oporto •
- - ft9i
,
Rio Janeiro • . • 67i
Dublin.. , . .....94..... C0rk..... 9f por Cent. .
Agin of the Bauk on Huilaud.... ~, per Ctut.
